VOLUME LXXXV.-NO. 11.
WILL CHICAGO ALDERMEN DARE TO
GRANT THE FIFTY YEAR FRANCHISE?
OVER ONE MILLION
DOLLARS THE BRIBE
SAID TO BE OFFERED
Hangman's Nooses Displayed and
Dangled Over Those Who Favor
the Traction Companies.
1
Charles T. Yerkes, Chief Representative of the Street
Railway Corporation, Boldly Makes Charges
of Blackmailing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Dec. 10.— The
sum of $1,200,000 is the
price reported to have been
offered by the promoters of the
Lyman ordinance to Aldermen if
will pass the measure. Lead
ers are at knives' points with each
other. One will not trust the
other, and a responsible Alder
man to hold the cash while busi
ness is being done has not been
selected yet. There is one leader
wlu»n the city
railway ordinance was up, was in
trusted with $70,000 or $100,
doo, boodle money. He fled with
it to Europe. When he returned
lie was made to disgorge a part
of it at the pistol's point. Al
though he cannot be trusted he
is taking a very conspicuous part
in the fight.
On the other hand, the "little
fellows." booked, so it is charged,
for $10,000. are jealous of the
bigger ones, who are to get
$100,000 each. There are said
to be four of these, one who is to
get $75,000, and another $50,000.
The newspaper owned by Mr. Yerkes,
the Inter Ocean, to-day deliberately
charges blackmail on the part of cer
tain newspapers which have persistent
ly opposed the fifty-year franchise or
flinance, and says:
"Honest Aldermen of the City Coun
cil will stand at their posts of duty.
They will not surrender to blackmail
ers or the blackmailers' following. Not
one of these Aldermen— and among
them are the best men ever elected
to the Chicago City Council— will be
rowardly enough to bow to the will of
the blackmailing rump of the Harri
son administration.
"The traction companies of Chicago
are prepared to meet the issue what
ever it may be. They ask no favors
from the seditious press. They will
not cringe before the power of the law
less city adminstration. They will not
make terms with sand-baggers, free
booters or anarchists. Traction or
dinances will be passed. They will
be passod over Harrison's veto. They
will be passed in defiance of trust edi
tors, who froth at the mouth in im
potent rage because they cannot col
lect blood money for silence or their
favor."
The same paper says: "The con
spiracy of the newspapers against the
passage of the ordinance bring them
uri'lt i the rulings of Judge Gary in
the celebrated anarchist cases of ISSC."
The new .scheme adopted by the op
ponenis of the franchise ordinance went
into effect to-night. Friends of the
families of those Aldermen known as
members of the "gang" are calling at
the houses of Alderm&l and making a
personal appeal to their wives. The
lives of the alleged boodlers are being
made burdens to them in a business
and social way, and Mayor Harrison
thinks this latest scheme will cap the
climax. Another method of procedure
has been to appeal to the principal
stockholders in the stock railway com
panies and ask them to use their in
fluence to prevent further debauching
of the City Council. Already one of
the heaviest stockholders in the Chi
cago City, or South Side Railway Com
pany, has announced that he does not
favor the fifty-year franchise. He
thinks twenty years long enough.
Mayor Harrison now counts upon
t'.venty-seven Aldermen to uphold him
in the Council, which will be enough
to prevent the passage of the amended
ordinance, which the joint committee
v. ill bring, in over his veto. The joint
committee of the Council having tho
ordinance in hand adjourned rather
abruptly late this afternoon, subject to
a call of the chairman, and it is pos
sible it will not make a report to the
The San Francisco Call
Council on Monday night, ..preferring to
allow the present excitement to abate.
To-morrow will- be anything but a
day I of- rest? in > Chicago,, especially for
those- interested" in the<street railway
legislation pending in the City Council.
Mass-meetings were held to-day and
this evening in all sections of the city,
and fully a hundred will be held to
morrow, while in most of the evangeli
cal churches fifty-year franchises will
be the morning and evening theme of
the pastors.
While the agitation continues at fever
heat there has been a marked disposi
| tion on the part of Mayor Harrison and
I others prominent in the opposition to
the traction companies to couch their
opposition in milder terms. There is
not so much talk now about mobbing
j street car directors and Aldermen, and
Mayor Harrison in every interview
given out since yesterday has gone out
i of tho way to make it clear to the in
| terviewer that he did not say, as re
j ported in the trust newspapers early in
; the week, that he wouldn't issue a riot
j call in case attempts were made to
lynch Aldermen or any one else.
"I did say I would like to see 150,000
; men surround the City Hall on the
| night the ordinance is put upon pas
| sage, but it v.hs for the purpose of
1 proving to Aldermen how obnoxious to
1 their constituents the pending measure
| really was and not for wreaking per
' sonal vengeance upon those who might
i vote away the public's rights. I am
; sorry I was misunderstood. You may
say every effort will be put forth to
preserve order. The people of Chicago
are law-abiding. There will be no mob;
> there will be no riot; there will be no
lynchings, if the police force can pre-
I vent ii, and I think it can."
lie that as it may, it cannot be denied
that the seed thoughtlessly sown by the
' Mayor is bearing poisonous fruit, and
j it is doubtful if peace can be preserved
as easily as he seems to think. Hang
man's nooses continue to be worn, and
every mail brings to the wives and
j children of Aldermen known to be or
■ suspected of being favorable to the
' traction companies threatening letters,
skulls and crossbones, slip-nooses and
other things of a terror-inspiring
i character. That the letters are un
unsigned or bear the signatures of
mythical or unknown, irresponsible
"committees," self-appointed, does not
relieve them of the power to do harm,
and as a result the wives and children
of several Aldermen have been driven
I to sick-beds with fright
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1898— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
SOME OF THE MOST PROMINENT FIGURES IN CHICAGO'S LATEST SENSATIONAL UPHEAVAL
The Council Committee on Franchises
holds daily meetings in the Council
Chamber listening to arguments for
and against the ordinance. Enormous
crowds are always in attendance, and
the galleries always filled with men
wearing hangman's badges.
At to-day's meeting a man wearing
good clothes and a silk hat was con
spicuous, particularly because of the
fact that he had around nis shoulders
twenty feet of rope with a nangman's
noose at the end, which, from time to
time as a friend of the ordinance
would speak, he would unwind and
allow to drop till the noose hung sus
pended over the speaker. He was not
molested.
Several elaborately gotten-up band
wagons paraded the streets of the busi
ness portion of the city this afternoon,
the music attracting the attention of
throngs on the sin* walks to this legend:
"Down with Yerkes; down with bood
lers."
No one seems to know who is footing
the bills, but the bands play on as
though the players had cash in their
EXTRAORDINARY PRECAUTIONS OF THE
CHICAGO POLICE TO PREVENT LYNCHING
>^-»HICAGO, Dec. 10. — As to the course to be pursued by the police incase a mob gathers about the City
| Hall Monday night, as it certainly will, Chief Kipley to-night said to The Call correspondent:
\» "Everything that th^s department can do will be done to preserve order in the downtown dis
trict Monday night. If, as a result of the excitement created by the discussion, a mob gathers about
the City Hall, it will find itself opposed by a formidable array of police. It will not be permitted to gath
er, in fact, as the police will have orders to keep everybody moving and prevent concentration at any.
point. There will be no lynching. Of course, slight disturbances may arise when the people are in such a
state of excitement, but I think there is no danger of any riots. Still, every precaution will be taken to
prevent trouble.
"Every detective in that branch of the police service has been brought on duty to-night and will
remain on duty till Tuesday morning, at least, in order to forestall any trouble, and warnings have been
sent to the leaders of factions everywhere that all talk of taking a mob to the City Hall on Monday to in
fluence Aldermen must cease."
pockets, and the presses continue v to
turn .out by thousands rather expensive
black satin,.badges ornamented with
gallows' t trees and - the - legend "Stand
by Mayor Harrison," , and "Death to
bribers and bribe-takers."
It is problematical now if the ordi
nance will be presented on Monday
night. Friends of the traction com
panies say they are In! no hurry. They
don't want to precipitate the riot which
threatens and say they want the pub
lic to have time to satisfy itself that
the rate of compensation offered the
city is reasonable.
Yerkes, on behalf of the companies,'
wants the committee to go over the
books and determine what percentage
of the earnings should be paid the city
for the. use of the streets for fifty, years.
To this the Mayor will not agree, and
when waited upon by Aldermen to
night, who laid the proposition before
him, indulged in a violent tirade of
abuse, the gist of which was that no
argument can be brought to bear which
will induce him to favor granting any
extension of railway franchises, no
matter what the rate of compensation
so long as the Allen law is on the buoks.
CHICAGO ALDERMEN
GIVE THEIR VIEWS
Many Favor Extending the
Franchise if the City Is
Daly Compensated.
CHICAGO, Dec. 10.— The following in
terviews ,with sixty-seven of tho sixty
eight Aldermen of Chicago show how
the Council is divided on the, question
of. granting a fifty-year franchise:
JOHNCOUGHLIN— I will vote to ex
tend the franchise if the ordinance
gives the city what it deserves.
MICHAEL- KENNA— The traction
companies should be treated justly in
the matter.
P. J. COOK— I am trying to learn
what the city may safely ask as to
compensation. lam not opposed to
the fifty-year franchises if the terms
are right.
CHARLES F. GUNTHER— I stand
with the Mayor for the defeat of the
ordinance.
HENRY S. FITCH— I shall demand a
fair rate of compensation before I vote
for any ordinance.
CHARLES ALLING— The Allen law
should be repealed. I will not vote for
this ordinance.
WILLIAM S., JACKSON— I am op
posed to fifty-year franchises.
A. A. BALLENBERG— I will not vote
for the extension of franchises until the
Allen law Is "repealed.
EDWARD D. CONNOR— The compen
sation is unfair. I will not say how
I stand on flfty-year franchises.
E. D. CLOIDT— The ordinance re
quires amendments to make it fair to
both sides.
CHARLES MARTIN— I am not op
posed to fifty-year franchises on cen
tral principles.
W. J. O'BRIEN— We must see that
Justice is done both by the city and
the street car companies.
HENRY F. .LICK— I don't see why a
fifty-year franchise. is not satisfactory.
W. J, r MURPHY— I; think there is
nothing wrong' inj- extending the fran
chises if the"city*is wellpaid for it.
JOHN BENNETT— We must inquire
into the compensation that the city
should receive for the extension.
E. J. NOVAK— I will not vote for a
franchise extension under tha Allen
law.
RUDOLPH HURT— I will wait until
the committee reports before I decide.
E. F. CULLERTON— I think the rail
ways should be treated fairly and will
vote to extend the franchises for a rea
sonable compensation to the city.
A. W. MILLER— There -is only one
way to vote on the, passage of the Ly
man ordinance, and that is ."No."
* PETER BIEWER— I will vote for it
if the city receives. what it should, but
that is still to be determined.
R..K. COLSON— If the traction com-
panics deal honestly with the city they
ought to receive an extension.
JOHN F. NEAGLE- 1 am opposed to
fifty -year franchises.
J. F. FRANCIS— I want to learn more
about the ordinance.
W. T. MAYPOLE— I will vote against
the measure.
T. F. LITTLE— I will vote for the
ordinance if it gives the city a fair
price. I am still studying the matter.
A. W. BEILFUSS— I stand with the
Mayor in this fight.
W. C. L. ZIEHN— I will cast my vote
in the interests of my constituents.
(He is considered doubtful.)
W. J. RAYMER-lly vote will be
against the fifty-year extension.
WILLIAM A. TUITE— We must in
form.ourselves thoroughly. I would not
say that a fifty-year extension should
not be granted on proper conditions.
J. F. SMULSKI— I would wrong my
constituents if I voted for this ordi
nance.
STANLEY H. KUNZ— I do not op
pose an extension, but I want to^see the
city treated riEht.
JAMES WALSH— We must stand to
gether to defeat the fifty-year exten
sion.
FRANK OBERNDORF— I think we
should treat the traction companies
; fairly.
JOHN J. BRENNAN- 1 must look
into the matter of compensation before
j I express my views.
M. C. CONTON— I cannot say how I
will vote.
J. A. HABERKORN— I am looking
| into the compensation end of the ordi
nance.
JOHN POWERS — If the traction
companies are willing to treat the city
fairly I am ready to vole a fifty-year
extension.
F. W. OLWART— I must look into
the matter more closely before I de
cide.
CHARLES F. BROWN— I am yet to
reach a decision.
WILLIAM MANGLER— I am in fa
vor of fifty-year franchises.
E. F. HERRMANN— I am opposed to
the franchise extension ordinance.
A. W. MALTBY— We have no right
to tie the hands of our successors for
fifty years, and I will vote to prevent
it.
F. W. UPHAM— No fifty-year f»an
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
chises should be granted.
WILLIAM H. LYMAN-I have not
yet decided. Am studying the question
of compensation. .
ALBERT J. OLSON— I am in favor of
fifty-year franchises if the city receive*
fair compensation.
MILES S. BARRY— I will vote
against this ordinance.
C. M. WALKER— I am opposed to
the measure.
RUPERT GRIFITH— I will not vota
for any bill based on the Allen law.
JAMES H. HIRSCH— I am against
the present fifty-year franchises.
(Hlrsch is considered doubtful.)
W. E. SCHLAKE— My vote will not
help it pass.
JOHN C. CANNON— I cannot say at
present. I must hare time to look into
the matter.
HUBERT W. BUTLER— I will not
assist in robbing the people of their
right to profit by the lease of the pub
lic highways.
SPENCER S. KIMBELL—I am in
favor of an ordinance that will do Jus
tice to the city of Chicago and be fair
to the street railway companies.
JOHN BIGANE — The franchises
should be extended, but adequate com
pensation must be demanded by th«
city.
FRANK M. i.IcCARTHT— I have not
decided the question to my own satis
faction.
THOMAS CARRr- My vote will be
cast against fifty-year franchises.
M. McINER-NEY— I will not oppose a
fifty-year franchise, if the city is given,
its dues.
C. J. BOTD — No money on earth can
buy my vote for the Yerkes measures,
no matter in what form they are in
troduced.
E. REICHART— I have not yet reach
ed a decision as to the way I will vote.
(The Mayor's forces expect to win him
over.)
JOSEPH BADENOCH-I will vote to
defeat this ordinance.
E. W. SPROULi— I am opposed to a
fifty-year franchise.
WILLIAM MAROV— I will oppose tha
ordinance at every step.
WALTER C. NELSON— I will not
vote to make the provisions of the Al
len law effective.
HUGH T. DARCT— I will not say
how I -will vote. #
MARTIN WIORA— The ordinance
should provide for proper compensa
tion. I am not 'opposed to an exten
sion If the city receives enough for It.
JOHN B. MATH— AII members of the
Council who are true to their constitu
ents will vote against this ordinance.
FRANK I. BENNETT— I have al
ways been opposed to a franchise last
ing fifty years and will vote against
this ordinance. „
Alderman George Duddleston could
not be found.
YERKES' PAPER SCORES
THE MAYOR OF CHICAGO
Declares That Harrison Is Re
sponsible for any Trouble
That May Occnr.
CHICAGO, Dec. 10.— The Inter Ocean,
of which Charles T. Yerkes is the prin
cipal owner, and which espouses the
side of the traction companies, will say
to-morrow in an editorial on Mayor
Harrison's attitude during the contro
versy :
"On Wednesday last Carter H. Har
rison, Mayor of Chicapo. who is bound
by his solemn oath of office to admin
ister the laws and preserve the peace
of the city, made a statement with de
liberation that he hoped there would,
be a mob of 150,000 men assembled in
front of the City Hall for the purpose
of intimidating Aldermen the night the
traction ordinances come up for pas
sage in the City Council. Upon bein#
asked regarding the story that Alder
men who dared to vote for extension
of the ordinances, in accordance with
the dictates of their consciences, would
be attacked, the Mayor replied: 'It
is not idle talk at all, and I shall not
be surprised to see some hanging done
in the streets of Chicago. I don't mind
saying, too, I shall not send in a riot
call when it starts,' meaning by this
he would ignore his oath' of office and
refuse to exercise his authority to pro
tect the lives of citizens from a mob
composed of criminals, thugs and an
archists. There is ample testimony to
prove that when Harrison made the
above declaration he spoke as deliber
ately and^ calmly as a man of his in
tellectual and moral nature can SDeak.
"As if to reinforce the oral statement,
the following paragraph was published
in the newspaper recognized as his au
thorized organ: "Word has gone out to
the gang that they need expect no pro
tection of any kind from the police. An
official who is said to have been ap
proached on this subject gave this an
swer, according to the story circulated
in the City Hall this afternoon: "No.
we need every man we've got to catch
the hold-up men and thieves in the
city, and we will protect no Aldermen
In the City Council chamber." ' These
declarations were telegraphed broad
cast throughout the land. It was not
until Friday, however, when the Inter
Ocean directed attention to the fact
that Chicago was practically without
a city government, and sedition and
anarchy had been invited to assume
control of affairs, that Harrison saw
the irreparable harm which he had
done himself and his political future.
He did not care for the city nor the
oath of office, but he came partially to
his senses when told by henchmen
that he had published himself as
either a madman or an anarchist.
In a vain attempt to save himsplf he
had the following notice published: 'I
want it understoc-d right now that I am
opposed to any talk or resolutions that2
PLAIN WORDS BY RIVAL
CHIEFS IN CONTROVERSY
YERKES DECLARES
OPPOSITION DUE
TO BLACKMAIL
CHICAGO, Dec. 10.— Charles T.
Ycrkcs, chief representative of
the traction companies, who has
battle for the ordinance, said to
had to bear the brunt of the
The Call correspondent to-night:
"The street railroad situation may
be summed up as follows: The
passage of the Allen law by the
Legislature of Illinois was bitterly
opposed by the newspapers of Chi
cago, and vicious attacks were made
upon men who were known to be
favorable to it. The fact is, there
is a combination of newspapers in
Chicago determined to levy black
mail on the traction companies. The
Chicago Tribune, Chicago Record
and Daily News are -conspicuous in
this business. Agents of the pro
prietors of these papers have made
demands upon the street railroad
companies, and they have been re
fused. This accounts for their
stand in favor of the rights of the
people. It was this refusal which
caused opposition to the Allen bill,
and it is the cause of the present
struggle to prevent the Chicago
Common Council from acting upon
the provisions of that bill.
"This statement Is libelous, I
know, but I also know that It is a
fact, and defy the proprietors of the
papers I have named to go into the
courts and bring action agamst me.
ftothiqg would give me more pleas
ure than to have them do so and
give me an opportunity to expose
their schemes. I know these news
papers have entered into an agree
ment with Mayor Haxrison by
which they will favor him for Mayor
at the next city election, and for
Governor to succeed Governor Tan
ner if he. the Mayor, will in turn
prevent the traction companies
from securing an extension of the
ordinance.
"All this excitement is brought
about to force the companies to
settle. I do not charge that the
Times-Herald is directly concerned
in this blackmailing scheme, but its
proprietor is under the domination
of the publisher of the Record and
News, which fact explains Xhe course
of its proprietor in taking a leading
part in stirring up the excitement.
'In the franchise presented to the
Council last Monday the traction
companies offer 3 per cent of their
receipts, besides which they now
pay a tax on mileage, a license of
$50 per car, and also pave sixteen
feet of the streets, light some of the
highways, pay for the repair of via
ducts and some bridges, and are
subject to other charges for the
public good which bring the total
compensation to the city of Chicago
up to between 7 and 8 per cent of
the gross receipts of the companies.
In return ihis heavy tax they
ask a franchise granting them the
use of the streets they occupy for
fifty years. Under the provisions of
the Allen law, the fare is to be 5
cents for twenty years of that pe
riod, after which the Councils of
the city are empowered to fix the
rate to be charged by the companies.
The officers of the street car com
panies have done everything in their
power to bring about a proper un
derstanding between the city and
the companies but Mayor Harrison
has refused to meet them. The
final settlement is, therefore, left to
the Common Council."
might be construed as advising any
thing lawless, and as Mayor of Chicago
it is my duty to protect every person
in it, no matter what he may be doing.
Except in airy persiflage when I was in
a jocular moc-d 1 have never said any
thing else.' So within forty-eight hours
this unbalanced young man, who had
wanted a mob of 150,000 to intimidate
Aldermen and who would not turn In
a riot call, within forty-eight hours this
daring young anarchist, who was ready
to violate his oath of office and to turn
the city over to criminals, ate his words
and whimpered a public apology.
"However, it is too late for explana
tions. The people whom he has
menaced with a riot can see no airy
persiflage in its seditious utterances.
The community that he has threatened
with anarchy cannot take kindly to his
lighter moods. If the hair of a man's
head is harmed as a consequence of
the present unrest In Chicago, he will
be as guilty as Kohlsaat, Medill and
Lawson, as guilty as were Parsons,
Spies and Schwab. The majesty of the
law must be upheld in Chicago. It is
no respecter of persons. If disorder
Dainty
Bohemian China
Maroon and gold borders with
wild rose decorations
Specimens in .
Tea, Cake and . Bread
Plates Comb, Pen and Pin
Trays and everything
that's attractive.
Effective prices
Great Americanlmport'gTea Co.
vBOlv 801 Market, oj. Powell 705 I.nrkin St.
140 Sixth St. 1416 Polk St.
218 bird it.  , 1810 Devlsadero St.
500 I. carny St. ' > 2008 Flllmore St.
'■'146 Ninth St. ' 321 Montgomery Ay.
, 2510 MlsslmSt. 1 ISO Kentucky St.
3006 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
1 355 Hayes St. 52 Market St. '
OAKLAND STORES:
1053Washin;ton!»t. 131 San Pablo Are.
VI " 1$ road 616 E Twelfth St. .
- . . 1510 Seventh St; ' . V
ALAMEDA-1355 Park St.
SAW RAFAEL— B St.. near Fourth.
UVite for Cataf oguo, vN 0 J "
MAYOR HARRISON
SAYS FRANCHISE
CANNOT BE PASSED
CHICAGO, Dec. 10.— In an inter
view late this evening Mayor
Harrison said: "I doubt if the
traction companies ever intend
to press the ordinance now
pending to passage. It was intro
duced as a feeler, to test the popular
mind. They are playing for delay.
They know that whfi>- th<?y have a
majority in the Council which could
pass the ordinance they have not the
requisite two-thirds necessary to
pass it over my veto. I hope my
friends will not expend all their
energy in this first battle and then
become passive. This is what the
traction people hope for and are
waiting to take advantage of it. The
people must not be beguiled, but re
main ready at any time for a great
outburst of disapproval.
"The hottest fight now centers
about the twenty-eight Aldermen
who are with us. We are bending
all our energies toward keeping
them in line, and the opposition is
concentrating its attention on them
in order to break Into our ranks.
Not one of these members of the
minority can appear on the street
without being met by agents of the
traction companies. If he enters a
bank he is drawn into the sanctum,
and buttonholed on the- franchise
question, and if he has business in
a mercantile house he is seized upon
by men who are working for an ex
tension of the franchise, and pres
sure is brought to bear to influence
his vote.
"We in turn are doing everything
possible to keep our lines intact and
to break those of the opposition.
Aside from the numerous mass
meetings held throughout the city
we are doing a great deal of mission
ary work. The fight is being carried
right into the homes ,o>f the Alder
men, and their wives and children
are being informed as to the true
state of affairs, and they are being
enlisted to influence their husbands
and fathers to vote right, to uphold
the city's honor and to stand for the
people's rights.
"I wish to say right here that all
this talk of riot and of appeals to
the people to resist violently are ab
surd. There will be no violence.
The greatest victory and the only
one^jve can win will be by peaceful
methods, by persuasion and argu
ment. Rioting would avail nothing,
and our opponents are too rugged
and courageous to be frightened by
threats. I never said I would re
fuse to issue a riot call to disperse
a mob which was engaged in pro
miscuous lynching. An over-zealous,
reporter w*ho did not appreciate the
meaning of what he wrote was re
sponsible for the statement.
"Why am I opposed to the passage
of the extension ordinance? Be- .
cause I do not wish to see the pro
visions of the law which was passed
■by a debauched Legislature become
operative in Chicago, and because I
am unalterably opposed to fifty-year
franchises. I would only consent to
the franchise extension on three
conditions:
"First — That no attempt b_ made
to secure an ordinance until the
Allen law is repealed.
"Second — That the franchise be
extended for not more than twenty
years.
"Third — That the compensation to
the city be not less than 10 per cent
of the gross receipts of the traction
companies. i
"It will be a desperate fight, but
we will never quit. I repeat, I be
lieve we will win."
comes from the encouragement that
Harrison and the trust editors have
given the lawless element they will suf
fer the consequences."
COMPARISON AS TO THE
FRANCHISE PRIVILEGES
Yerkes Presents Figures Which
He Hopes Will Help His Side
of the Controversy.
CHICAGO, Dec. 10.— In an interview
published in the Inter-Ocean Presi
dent Yerkes of the North and West
Chicago street car companies makes
comparisons in the matter of fran
chise privileges and compensation be
tween Chicago and other large. cities
of the country, including San Fran
cisco, in tabular form, as follows:
Comparative table of length of street
railroad and other franchises in Chicago
and the principal American cities:
Elevated railroads >n Chicago... ...s.T>O years
Steam railroads in Chieaßo Perpetual
Gas companies in Chicago Perpetual
Telegraph compares in Chicago Perpetual
Street railroads in New York !W9 years
Street railroads In Boston Perpetual
.street railroads in Philadelphia .990 years
Street railroads In Washington 999 years
Street railroads in St. Louis 45 and 50 yean
Street railroads In San Kruneisco 90 years
Street railroads In Kansas City 50 years
Tribune's school lease... 89 years
Record's school lease 99 years
Asked by street railways In Chicago. ..so years
Comparativo table of the highest rates
of compensation paid to the municipalit
ies by the street railroad companies in
various cities of the United States:
Si**- ■ ■■'' ■■•■*<■."•'.■ Per Cent
Name of Cities. '-: "; . Gross Receipts.
New Y^rkV.t '» :.i ;. 3.00 .'.
Boston ".,.':.*.'..,:....■.;... '.t.... ..' - 1 4.r,0 ■
Philadelphia^,?^.:'.' 1 ..; :....:..:.... No"- •>-
St. Louis ...;•...:...:.. ,1.00, .
Waih1ngt0n' :?.:,'..... r..:... r ....„..„. ' 4.00 •:■
San " : Francisco .:...........:..:. ...;. '. ■ 5. 1S '
KafiKOK City ...-,^-. ..;...... ;./.t. ■.•.;... • ■ ,jf.i.ir} s
Chicago (at present) — ........;;.;,..'.,.' 10. CO. j
Chioago ' (offered , additional)...'...'.- '■'£■ 3.00- <
SHIP BTILDI NO I.V ( ; I> I0AT: BRIT.A IN.
In -the jaoyu.l • dockyards .tl\e adnjiralLy
are bufldinpr Sixteen warships, with a dis
placement of ' my,h, . .and in i private
yards forty-four shij&^of ; 110,595 : tons are
being constructed , for • the British dor
eminent. In addition to '-thirty
warships, with : a displacement of 1W.U1 5
tons, are:. being, built ■: on foreign, account'
in private yards on l ,the Thames, the Tyne
and the. Clyde?; ;Ttie result is that there
are being constructed in the United King
dom j ninety war vessels", with- a ■ total dis
placement of 3338,285 ' tons.— Naval and
Military .Record. •••.•■■■, ■; - . >y,*
Uruguay has determined to deepen the
harbor at Montevideo.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1898.
SERIOUS DAMAGE TO THE BIG
BATTLESHIP MASSACHUSETTS
Man-of- War Strides an Obstruction Near Gov
err)ors : JsJai)d and Tt)ree of ¥\er Com
partments Are Torn Open.
UNITED STATES BATTLE-SHIP MASSACHUSETTS.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.— A tele
gram received at the Navy Depart
ment to-day from New York says that
the battleship Massachusetts, soon
after leaving the New York Navy
Yard to-day for Hampton Roads, struck
an- obstruction near Governors Island
and had three of her compartments
torn open. Her commander is Capuun
Nicholas Ludlow.
The accident recalls several others
of -a simHar character- in the vicinity,
which have given rise to the grim
naval joke that there is a floating
rock adrift there, lying in wait for
men-of-war. The regulations require
a court of inquiry in such cases, and
it is presumed that one will be ordered
on the application of Captain tudlow
just as soon as the examination in
TO SHIELD A
WOMAN HE IS
SERVING TIME
Romance of Sing Sing
Prison.
FANSHAWE'S SELF-SACRIFICE
YEARS SP .NT IN PRISON FOR
ANOTHER'S CRIME.
Son of a Famous New York Merchant
Disgraced and Deprived of Free
dom, Though He Was
Guiltless.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— An astound
ing story comes out of Sing Sing prison.
John M. Davies Fanßhawe, son of a
famous old New York merchant, and
connected by blood a.nd marriage with
families worth millions, has been a con
vict there many years for a crime com
mitted by another.
A curious if not extraordinary feature
of the case is that so far as the real
culprit (a woman) is concerned, she
cannot be punished nor proceeded
against, because under the statute the
crime has been outlawed.
An indictment for arson or any other
felony except murder must be found
within five years after the commission
of the crime.
The woman has confessed, but she is
legally free, while Fanshawe must
serve out his term for a crime he did
not commit, unless pardoned by the
Governor.
This is the story: Young Fanshawe
was a clerk in the Knickerbocker Fire
Insurance Company in 188 S. As man
and wife he and Ruth Elizabeth Heart
were living in a lodging house at No. 50
East Twenty-ninth street. One night
soon after he had insured his effects for
$2000 the building was. discovered burn
ing in six places, and some of the in
mates had narrow escapes from death.
Fanshawe managed to get out of his
front window. His alleged wife was
absent visiting friends. Fanshawe was
accused of arson. Charles W. Brooke,
the distinguished criminal lawyer, then
living, became his counsel and all the
resources of the profession were em
ployed in his behalf. He most earnestly
pleaded his innocence. But so many
circumstances in the case pointed to
incendiarism that the jury's verdict
was "guilty," with a recommendation
for mercy. Recorder Sijniyth sentenced
him to twelve and a half years Jn Sing
Sing. '-.
' A' stay of proceedings was obtained,
and, pending a motion for a new trial,
his grandmother, Mrs. John M. Da vies
of New Haven, whose fortune ,fs said
'to exceed $1,000,000, went .his bail in the
sum' of $10,000.
During this interval he was- em
ployed* as a ' clerk .'in a Broadway
furnishing establishment and later he
put in a few quiet months with a friend
I boating and fishing at Highlands". Jt
in yaid that he was advised to forfeit
His bail and leave the country, but he
i refused, even though the motion for
a ne.w trial was denied. Then he .sur
| rendered ; himself and began' 'serving
out his time in Sing Sing. But for the
Jury's recomttiendation , f or mercy and
the great exertions "of "his "friends and
counsel he would have received a full
life sentence.
The first startling episode in the se
drydock reveals the extent of the dam
age.
NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— At the com
mandant's office at the navy yard the
report of an accident to the battleship
Massachusetts was confirmed. The
Massachusetts has already sunk about
two feet below her regular water line,
but i 6 not believed to be in any danger
of sinking.
Pilot Bell, who was taking the Mas
sachusetts out, said the tide was un
usually low, and the Massachusetts,
while on her way to the Tompkinsville
anchorage, struck the bottom. She
did not, he said, run on Diamond Reef,
which is off Governors Island. Fur
ther than this Bell refused to talk.
The battleship was made fast at
the navy yard dock at the foot of Main
cret history of the case came directly
after the flre, when Fanshawe's al
leged wife told him that she had set
the house on flre to get the insurance
and help him tide over his temporary
embarrassments.
Intatuated With the woman, young
Fanshawe did ih#t betray her and went
to prison. It isfcaid that another rea
son Vhy he waslpo quiet after the in
cendiary fire and so reluctant to fight
was his fear of- bigamy proceedings.
It is claimed he had married Miss
Heart under the Impression that the
decree divorcing himself and wife had
been granted.
His social relations with the woman,
together with his conviction of arson,
alienated him from his relatives and in
the end his family abandoned him alto
gether.
SUGAR BEET INDUSTRY
Experiments in New York State Have
Been Successful.
ALBANY, N. V., Dec. 10.— At the close
of the sugar-beet season, the second year
of experiments in New York State, the
Country Gentleman, an agricultural jour
nal, has completed gathering some sta
tistics. It says:
"Official reports from the experimental
plants of the New York Department of
Agriculture show the season to have been
an unfavorable one generally and that an
unknown beetle destroyed many of the
plants, so that reseedlng in many cases
was absolutely necessary. Good yields,
however, are reported, and the experi
ments may be said to be a success so far
as proving the adaptability of the New
York soil for sugar-beet growing— the real
object of. the experiments. The new fac
tory at Binghamton, now closing its first
season, pays $5 a ton for each ton of
beets delivered to it. It also furnished
the seed to growers at about cost. About
1100 farmers are under contract to furnish
beets this year, and 12,000 tons have been
delivered. It is thought that between
15,000 and 17.000 tons will be converted into
sugar before the close of the season, mak
ing the output of the factory 1500 to 1700
tons of s"ugar. The factory runs day and
night, employs 100 men in two shifts of
fifty, and is now producing fifteen tons
of sugar daily. The experiments at both
the Rome 'and Binghamton factories
show that it takes ten tons of beets to
make one ton of sugar. Of New York
State's beets it is found that the percent
age of saccharine matter in the beet is
equal if not far ahead of those raised in
California and other Western States. It
is believed that the farmer makes a profit
of about $3 per ton. Up to the time of
harvesting the expense per acre is $11 17,
not Including cost of seed or fertilizer."
FOUL PLAY FEARED.
Aged German Mysteriously Disap
pears at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 10.-Chlef of Police
Kidward to-day received a letter from
Paul Chatom, a furniture dealer of Bak
ersfleld, inquiring- about C. A. Millar, who
is supposed to have* mysteriously disap
peared from this city on December 3.
Chatom states that Millar passed through
Bakersfleld the last of November on his
way from th« City of Mexico to San
Francisco. At the latter place he
intended to sell a lot he had on Seven
teenth street for $2000. The letter states
that Millar disposed of the lot through L.
de Rois, a real estate agent, and on De
cember 3 came to San Jose for a day or
two,- but ha.s not heard of since. Chatom
thinks he has met with foul play as he
had considerable money with him. Millar
is a German, about 50 years old.
QUAY GAINS A POINT.
Will Not Be Prosecuted . by District
Attorney Graham.
.PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 10.— Supreme
Court Justices Green and "Williams to-day
granted a rule allowing the defendants in
the Quay eensph-acy case ttr argue a peti
tion for a writ q£ certiorari, removing the
'proceedings from the Court of Quarter
aeasto^&.to the Supreme Court. The rule
,is returnable January 7, and all proceed
ings are stayed in the meantime.
One Of the results of the rule granted by
the Supreme Court will be to carry the
trial over beyond the term of office of Dis
trict Attorney Graham, which will expire
wljth the present year. The Senator and
his attorneys do not hesitate to admit
that their object in securing delay for the
trial is to take the case out of the hands
of District Attorney Graham, who, they
say, is an enemy of -.the Senator and has
displayed great eagerness in unjustly per
secuting him and his co-defendants.
The richest gold mine in the world is
located under the thriving town of Bal
iarat, Victoria. Australia, It has yielded
more than. $150,000,000 since It was opened
street, Brooklyn. No drydock is ready
for her reception, but arrangements to
this end will be accelerated. The in
jured vessel has a slight list to port.
She has sunk forward about ten inches
above the water line. At her stern
about ten inches of the water line is
above water. The pump's are kept
going steadily, and it was said that
there was about four feet of water in
five of her compartments. Other than
that an accident had occurred, no of
ficial information could be secured.
Admiral Bunce's aids said that noth
ing could be "given out here, but Cap
tain Ludlow forwarded a preliminary
report to "Washington. The battleship
is in no danger of capsizing, even if
she sinks further. In the latter case
she would rest upon the bottom.
WILL STAY
WITH BULLA
TO THE END
Los Angeles Delega
tion Solid.
BELIEVE THEIR MAN WILL WIN
HE IS ASSURED OF VOTES IN
NORTHERN COUNTIES.
Legislators Deny That Their Instruc
tions Could Be Construed to
Mean Simply a Compli
mentary Vote.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 10.— Those Sena
torial instructions for Robert N. Bulla
did not come formally before the meeting
of the Los Angeles County legislative
delegation to-day. The members of the
delegation discussed the matter between
themselves in twos and threes, but that
was all. The basis of the discussion was
the Times editorial to the effect that the
instructions meant only a complimentary
ballot by the delegation for Senator Bulla
and nothing more. Assemblyman Valen
tine upon this phase of the situation said:
"The instructions speak for themselves
and cannot be misinterpreted. They bind
us to Mr. Bulla so long as he is a candi
date."
A resolution was to have been intro
duced in the legislative caucus to-day
along the lines of Valentine's argument,
but for some reason it was not done. All
Republican Senators and Assemblymen
from this county are agreed that Bulla
is to have their support as long as there
is any hope for him to win. Expressions
were obtained from them to-day as fol
lows:
Senator C. M. Simpson: "I understand
that we are to use all honorable means to
secure Bulla's election; and if it should
be the case that we cannot elect him, then
I am for some other Southern California
man. But I am for Bulla for Senator so
long as there is any hope of his election.
I expect to have the honor of placing him
in nomination, and, in my opinion, he will
secure the votes of Orange, Kern.Ventura,
San Luis Obispo and Riverside counties
and those of Los Angeles County, of
course. He will receive some support
from San Francisco and from various
country points in the north. The pros
pects of his election are good."
Senator A. T. currier: "I am em
phatically for Bulla so long as he has a
reasonable chance of election. I under
stood that the resolutions of the Los An
geles County Convention pledged us all to
Bulla, but I want it understood that I am
for him whether pledged or not."
Assemblyman W. S. Melick: "I intend
to stay with him not only for the first
ballot, but as long as there is any hope of
electing him. I reserve the right to say
how long, but shall be in touch with Sena
tor Bulla in the matter."
Assemblyman N. P. Conrey: "It is
not necessary for me to give
any technical Interpretation of the
language used by our county
convention in the matter of electing a
Senator. The platform is clear in its
terms, and very positively indorses the
candidacy of Mr. Bulla as a man who by
faithful and capable public service has
'demonstrated his fitness to perform with
credit to his country and his party the
duties devolving upon a United States
Senator.' My obedience to those instruc
tions will be cordial and earnest."
Assemblyman O. H. Huber: "I think the
resolution means what it says: that we
are pledged to Bulla, and not merely for
complimentary purposes, but to vote for
him to the end of every reasonable nope,
. ahd then for some other Southern Califor
nia man. I think Bulla is the best man
for the Senatorship and I believe he will
be elected. He Is honest and able and
ADVERTTSEMKNTS. |
TiMELY SUGGESTIONS
tM.iFOßittn y
THEHOLIDAYS
Every department in our establish-
ment is replete with attractive articles.
Appropriate gifts can be found for
V the light and heavy purse.
v Complete Assortments of Complete Assortments of
Men's All -Linen Embroidered Initial Novelty Black Silk Creponnes.
... Handkerchiefs. _ • Novelty Silk and Wool Dress Patterns.
Ladies All-Lmen Hand - Embroidered ah to i *»** »™ ™«™
Initial Handkerchiefs. l Noveh ? Dress Patterns -
Children's Hemstitched and Initial Hand- Choice Llnes of Silks for Waists a^
:; .-. kerchiefs. -* Skirts.
Men's Silk ; Mufflers. . / Silk and Wool Waists. -<
"Ladies' Purses and Chatelaine Bags. gut an( Moreen Petticoats
of >h Ser™ C ° UarS Wool Shawls and Fascinators -
Ostrich J* earner iioas. o-,, ,o . .
Sterling Silver Novelties. an Sateen Covered Comforters.
Men's and Ladies' Umbrellas. ' Table Lmen Sets. .
Hosiery.; * ' ' J . % '"' ' Battenberg Scarfs and Doilies.
Fans and . . Wool Blankets and
Gloves. •■ ; ; Table Covers, i
EXTRA SPECIALS! EXTRA SPECIALS! i
- g\W Children's Colored Bordered IF ft fOOf 00 Pieces of Plaid Dress Goods
i ■iKAlnitiaJ Handkerchiefs, in very t|l|n<n Fancy Armure and Granite
It I! dainty borders; 3in a box; put J II II }^ ' caves, in beautiful bright
im WU up in fancy boxes. Special at *£.VV. V V colors and combinations; with •
A Box 25c a box. J, ard - silk stripes; latest styles: full ,
A dua. a. v as mches , de ■On special sale at 50 *tM
yard.
,:•.' r,. .-..*' ■ ' l- Aft I" A Novelty Dress Patterns in 8
#1*" Men's Hemstitched, All Linen, \ J Ki|flne wool mixtures, two- J
"li% ft Hand "Embroidered, Initial «m- | _.I [I tone effects, in new I |
/ 1 1. Handkerchiefs;, fine quality; 'kid' l tl W shades of green and I I
LwUthe best 1 , value in the city. Suit. black; red and black- ■
. Each. Special at 25c each. navy and black, and brown and black; \*
; :. v. -•■-. ■ Including all black; rich Mohair luster; is
--. : » Just in for holiday gifts. A special ;
bargain at $3 50 a suit. >
4 m Ladies' Hemstitched, Pure AJ Ffi Ladies' Gloria Silk L m- [ -'<
IkA Linen, Hand Embroidered. In- \i X I jj brellas; steel rod; tightly
I 1 1. itial Handkerchiefs; fine qual- f* N• • 1 1 I rolled; in latest Dresden -51
|UU ity; the best value in the city. W" aim natural wood han- 1
Each. Special at 15c each. Each. dies; special at 51 50 each. I
...STORE OPEN EVENINGS... 1
FSEE lii/INDOU/ DISPLAY. )j
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT , ATTENTION. ■■ 1
would represent the whole State fairly
Joseph M. Miller: "I
don ? t consider the resolution of the county
convention as necessary in order to bind
me to Bulla. for I am already -as strong y
for him as I can be. I shall stay with
him until he is elected, or until t would
be unreasonable to hope for his election.
OS 1 INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Changes Among Soldiers Located in
This Vicinity.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.— Silas Cattrell
was to-day appointed Postmaster at Kel
logg, Sonoma County, Cal., vice G. R.
Woldridge, resigned; also G. U. Skinner
at Point Reyes, Marin County, vice Alfred
Peterson, resigned.
By direction of the Assistant Secretary
of War, First Sergeant William T. Corey,
Troop M, Fourth United States Cavalry.
Presidio, will be discharged the service of
the United States by the commanding
officer of his station. Private George G.
Rodgers, Company A. Battalion of United
States Engineers, now supposed to be in
the division field hospital at the Pre
sidio, Will be discharged the service of
the United States by the officer in charge
of bis station. Private John R. Gittings,
Hospital Corps, now at camp near Fort
Wlnfield Scott, is detailed as acting hos
pital steward and assigned to duty at that
camp. Telegraphic instructions directing
the discharge from the service of the
United States by tho comma nrting officer
of his station of Private William Blum
berg, band Eighth California Volunteer
Infantry, are hereby confirmed. Corporal
E P. Wells, Company F. Eighth Califor
nia Volunteer Infantry; Private John A.
Pettis, Company M, Eighth California
Volunteer Infantry, are discharged the
service of the United States.
John E. Welch has been appointed an
additional letter-carrier at San Francisco.
Alfred H. Wolff and Albert E. Markley
have been appointed additional carriers
at Oakland.
Pensions have been granted a? follows:
California: Original— Lewis H. Bonner.
Pasadena, $8; Byron D. Clugaton, Soldiers"
Home, Los Angeles, $<5. Re-issue— James
I. Crites, Gawanza. $10; Isaac M. Davis,
San Jose, $8. Original widows, etc. (spe
i^^^TO^f "We Cut the Prices"— the Qualities or $ (mHf§{§
t 7j^P^\X, Prescriptions Filled at the Right Prices. 'BSS )^ip
IBwL he OWL'S annual IJ&
f-? ffi E E WMv*
TUESDAY -- - Dec. 13, '98, J • $*
. °»PBwl ' Between the Hours of S:3O a. m. and 10 p. m., *;' ft *
Mi A HANDSOME DOLL |M
nrA*afiG& ■ TO EVERY. LADY PURCHASER AT OUR & 01 Blß^l
KjB|KWb.KB ' LARGE ESTABLISHMENT/WHETHER .^ jf IjS^i.
IffijaJlfS 1 ' . At the present time our store is full of ap- * TO/ffi^^W
EH ' proprlate Rifts at appropriate prices. Albums, . S3 TOKwWk
-^s_*™rr) Ml Leather Goods, Dressing Cases, Shaving Cnsfa. V lt-&&-/jH ■>
TV«.tICM kI Stationery, Sachet Powders, Perfumes. Toilet I T^-.o.aco^
1 H| . Articles— fact, hundreds of dainty Xmas \ *b
' f£*' t ~ s3 -' presents at the right prices, v
.'-..Jm^l; ; • -THE;pWL pRUG'COHPANY; Z, 1 U j^ '
1128 Market Street, ? /mMn
U , jfM \*S BETWEEN MASON AND TAYLOR STS., 3 • aMI
- -'iMrH&B TO OUR COUNTRY FRIENDS. | 1 O^ffTU
©Sijgyr^ mm ' A Doll will be included In «v«ry shipment of ■\ \ lsj
-•• »"tj ;L - «B ■"'■ grooda to the : country on - orders received by us jSB . HU
nff: : '-'-H<'"'- December • 12, : 1898. . NO ' DOLLS * WILL • BE," ■"■"•■. JT^
cial December 2)— Sarah Charles, SacraE
mento. $8; Eliza A. Cole, Tropica, TS.
Oregon: Original— Joseph R. MarshanH
Prairie City, $6; Ira G. Bills, Peninsula*
$6. Original widow, etc.— Mary A. Bunchs
Gravel Ford, $8.
"Washington: Original— Charles W. Wat-I
son, Markham, $8.
ABUNDANCE* OP WATEH.
Monterey and Vicinity in No Danger;
of a Shortage.
MONTEREY, Dec. 10.— The Pacific Im
provement Company has just completed
some extensive improvements in its ar
rangements for supplying water to thi3
city, Del Monte and Pacific Grove. When
it became apparent that even the great
water supply of the Pacific Improvement
Company's system . this locality would
not be sufficient to meet the unusual de
mand caused by the present continued
drought, all the water possible was run
into the great storage reservoir near Pa
cific Grove and consumers cautioned
against waste. Immediate steps wer tak
en for boring wells at various points on
the system and for building a dam in the
Upper Carmel River to avoid future water
famine. The dam was completed about
two weeks ago and the company's engi
neers declare that even without the well*
there need be no fear of a shortage here
after.
Two ten-inch wells are completed and in
operation and it is practically from them
that the water supply of this section is
now coming. The wells are 1450 and 1100
feet deep, and with the iKJwerful steum
pump that operates both the flow approxi
mate $000 gallons a minute. The water is
clear and very cold and is especially good
for drinking purposes.
Football at Marysville.
MARYSVILLE, Dec. 10.— On . the local
! gridiron this afternoon Woodland's junior
I eleven defeated the. Marysvllle High
I School team by a score of 34 to 0. The
I home team claims that six members of
; the Woodland senior team were pitted
• against-them.
■■ m ■
Frederick the Great composed the
"Marche Real." the national anthem of
Spain, and Pedro I of Brazil the "Hymno
Constitutional," the national air of Por
tugal.EMBASSADOR
MONSON SPOKE
FOR SALISBURY
His Talk at Paris
Inspired.
MAY HAVE EXCEEDED BOUNDS
PROBABLY SAID MORE THAN
WAS INTENDED.
England Determined to Force an
Early Settlement of Points in
Dispute With the French.
Government.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Dec. 10.— There were two
prominent figures in the political arena
this week— the Secretary of State for
the Colonies, Joseph Chamberlain, and
the British Ambassador at Paris, Sir
Edmund J. Monson. The address of the
latter to the British Chamber of Com
merce at Paris came like a peal of
thunder, causing dismay on both sides
of the channel, where many people had
affected to discern already a faint out
line of a peace rainbow between France
and Great Britain as a sequel to the
passing of the Fashoda storm. The
first impression was that Sir Edmund
Monson had received a cue from the
Marquis of Salisbury to give a candid
warning to France that Great Britain
is fully determined not to stand any
further pin-prick nonsense. This opin
ion still prevails, a though it has been
somewhat modified by the explanation
which the Embassador sent to the
French press, and it is now thought
Monson got an official tip to give
France a warning, but that he spoke
more openly than was intended.
The address, however, has served as
a reminder to the people of both coun
tries that the fire of the Soudan em
broglio is smouldering and may burst
into flame before it is finally disposed
of. The Embassador's warning, ac
cording to those qualified to know, was
prompted by the fact that the French
Government, sulking over the Mar-,
chand affair, is evading diplomatic dis
cussion of pending Anglo-French prob
lems and was intended to intimate that
with the change of French Embassa
dors at London this week Baron de
Courcel being succeeded by M. Paul
Cambon, the Marquis of Salisbury de
sired a more active treatment of the
points in dispute.
Sir Edmund J. Monson's manly
frankness is quite characteristic of the
Embassador and won for him the
warm friendship of Czar Alexander
and Emperor Francis Joseph, both of
whom asked the British Foreign Office
to send him to their respective capitals
when he quitted Copenhagen, where he
was persona grata at the court. He
chose Vienna.
Mr. Chamberlain's speech on Thurs
day, embracing the whole rangre of do
-itmti- fonelgn politics, aroused as
much interest abroad as at home. He
forecasted the Ministerial domestic
legislation of the coming session and
then held out the olive branch to every
foreign country except France, to
which he administered a salutary cau
tion which has been but little relished
there, and which evoked all sorts of
newspaper threats to thwart Great
Britain's projects.
Mr. Chamberlain spoke lukewarmedly
on the subject of old-age pensions, once
his pet scheme, and refrained from
promising the bill which had been ex
pected on the subject. But he promised
five measures to assist the working
class to acquire their own dwellings,
promote secondary education and to
insure the safety and health of workers
in dangerous trades.
Mr. Chamberlain's declaration that
an agreement with Russia on Chinese
affairs was desirable has made a deep
impression, in view of his former utter
ance, in which, referring to Russia's
' evasion of agreements, he said:
"He who sups with the devil must
have a long spoon."
This remark gave great umbrage to
the Czar, and it was then thought it
boded ill for a future understanding.
The friendly references of Mr. Cham
berlain to Germany, suggesting mutual
help in matters of common interest,
have met with a favorable reception in
Germany. The press comments show
veiled joy at the prospect of an Anglo-
German entente; but the German pa
pers refrain from an effusive display of
gladness, evidently with the view of
securing the best part of the bargain.
The question of the Liberal leader
ship, which has been in abeyance, came
to the front this week in the form of
a notice by the Nottingham Liberal As
sociation that it will raise the matter
at the meeting of the National Liberal
Federation on December 16. A lively
discussion is expected, it is un
derstood the officials will try to shelve
the matter.
Sir William Vernon Harcourt's posi
tion in the nominal leadership of the
Liberal party In insecure, because it has
not been definitely established by the
united voice of the party, and It re
ceived a rude shaking when Lord Rose
bery, emerging from temporary retire
ment, delivered that bold Fashoda dec
laration which resolved itself into a bid
for the leadership. The Unionists are
rubbing their hands with undisclosed
glee at the prospect of a fight between
Hareourtitps and Roseberyites. which
may split the Liberal party.
President McKinley's message to
Congress rind Secretary Gage's report
are both warmly discussed in the week
lies.
The Speaker thinks British ship
builders will reap a temporary advant
age from Secretary Gape's proposals,
Bince most of the ships wanted in the'
near future will have to be built in
Great Britain and the restrictive laws
protecting: American shipbuilding »iust
be relaxed to permit their entry. More
over, it is claimed, America's commer
cial development will eventually weak
er, her protectionism.
The Spectator urjres that the dipni-
Red course of consenting to the abro
gation of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty
without compensation would show the
world that Great Britain can. In the
ot its kin, think of tlieir interests
is well as of h<>r own. The paper then
kuggests ns th<- only condition of abro
patinn. that the United States should
save the Nicaragua canal made within a
decade, tho United States to exercise
ttclusitre control (of whlcn Great Brit
»in is to have tho right of pre-emp
on). the canal to be open to all na-
Hona. and that tho duties be the same
tor all.
FIRE AT STOCKTON.
Recently Constructed Building Dam
aged by the Flames.
STOCKTON. Der. m.-Flre broke out
to-night in the paint shop and store room
kf the Stockton Paint Company, in the!
f^ar of the Avon Theater block, at the
lorner of Main and California streets
»r.d before the firemen could extinguish
jhe blaze about $12,000 damage was done
£i* vxiiidlne is owned by the Misses
WILLIAM BLACK, THE
NOVELIST, SUMMONED
Beginning as a Humble Newspaper Man He
Became a Writer Whose Merit Was Rec
ognized by All Critics.
T ONDON, Dec. 10.— The death is announced of William Black, the
-*- 1 novelist.
William Black was born in Glasgow, Scotland, in IS*-, and received his
education in private schools. He aspired to be an artist and studied for a
time in the Government school of art at Glasgow, but soon drifted into
journalism, being first employed on the Glasgow Weekly Citizen. In 1864 he
went to London and wrote for magazines. In 1565 he joined the staff of
the Morning Star, and in the following year served as its correspondent in
the Prusso-Austrian war. It was while acting as a war correspondent that
he gathered the material for his first novel, "Love or Marriage," published
in 1867. This novel was a failure, but "In Silk Attire," which appeared in
1868, was favorably received. In IS7I "A Daughter of Heth" was published,
and the reception it received exceeded the author's most sanguine expec
tations. It ran through eleven editions in four years and placed him in the
front rank as a writer of fiction. Every book he gave to the public from
that time forward served but to Increase the respect of the critics and
more thoroughly establish his reputation as a consummate artist in his
sphere of literature. Among the best-known of his works are: "The Strange
Adventures of a Phaeton," (1872); "A Princess of Thule," (1873); "Macleod of
Dare," (1S78); 'White "Wings," (18S1); "In Far Lochabar," (188S); "New
Prince Fornatns" (1890).
His books range from Bohemian art life in London to outdoor sporting
life, Scotch scenes and characters and descriptions of scenery strung on a
mere thread of incident. Mr. Black was for four or five years assistant
editor of the London Daily News, but he practically ceased his connection
with journalism fifteen years ago.
CLEVELAND BAR ASSOCIATION TO EXPEL BURKE.
S~> LEVELAND, Ohio, Dec. 10.— State Senator Vernon H. Burke will be ex-
I pelled from the Cleveland Bar Association. Judge Frank Dellenbaugh
v_> win be investigated. Ihis the Bar Association "ecided upon at its meet
ing this afternoon.
This conclusion was not arrived at, however, unul after three hours' de
liberation. Then the vote was taken by calling the roll. The result was
almost unanimously in favor of adop''ng the report, as submitted by the
trial committee. This carried Avith it the expulsion of Burke and the in
vestigation of Dellenbaugh. The findings of the investigating committee
■will be presented to the Circuit Court for such action in the premises as ia
proper. ,
STATE TREASURER-ELECT REEVE'S APPOINTMENTS.
SAN BERNARDINO, Dec. 10.— Truman Reeves of this city. State Treas
urer-elect, announced to-day his appointees for the positions of chief
deputy and bookkeeper, naming D. A. Moulton of this city and F. W.
Judson of San Luis Obispo. Moulton is now clerk of the Board of Super
visors of San Bernardino County. He .s an experienced man of finance and
a competent accountant. Judson occupies the position of Chief Deputy
State Treasurer. He was appointed by Levi Rackliffe of San Luis Obispo,
who died recently, and retained by W. S. Green, the incumbent, w'..o waa
appointed by Governor Budd to fill Rackliffe's unexpired term.
Schrieke of Oakland, who re'-ently erect
ed a business block here, and the stock
was owned by the Stockton Paint Com
pany. The paint shop was a one-story
structure, immediately in the rear of the
Schrieke building and was filled with
paints, oils and wall paper. The Schrieke
building was. to have been turned over by
the contractors to-day, but something
caused a delay, so the loss falls on tho
contractors, Lee & Lewis, who are well
insured. For a time it seemed that the
fire would gft the whole block, but It
was finally checked, though the blazing
oils floating on the water made it dan
gerous work.
GENERAL BARRETT FOR
BANK COMMISSIONER
Is Slated to Succeed H. W. Magee of
Pasadena — Jeter Declines a
Similar Position.
SANTA CRUZ, Dec. 10.— The terms of |
Bank Commissioners Paris Kilburn of j
{San Francisco and 11. W. Magee of Pasa
*lena have expired and it is expected their
successors will be appointed by Governor
TJudd on Monday or Tuesday. The posi
tion now occupied by Paris Kilburn was
tendered recently to Lieutenant Governor
.Jeter, who promised to give Governor
tßudd his acceptance or refusal by Mon
iday or Tuesday.
To-night one of the Lieutenant Gover
■nor's closest friends gave out the positive
information that he would not accept the 1
bank eommissionershlp, because of bus!- |
ness reasons. Jeter is a director In a j
local bank, and his associates requested !
him not to withdraw from the lnstitu- j
tion, which would be necessary if he suc
ceeded Mr. Kilburn. Then, too, his legal
business is of such proportions that ne I
could not .serve as a Bank Commissioner |
1 without a great sacrifice of personal in
terests.
From the same reliable source it was
learned that Commissioner Magee's posi
tion will be offered to Adjutant General
.A. W. Barrett.
STOLE ONXY A CHECK.
Missing Agent's Cash Account De
clared to Be Correct.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 10.— A. J. Coffee of
Ban Francisco, representing the Gameweli
1 Fire Alarm Telegraph Company, is here
to settle the business of the company,
which was left in a very disorderly state
by R. A. Rose, who disappeared about a
week ago and is still numbered with the
missing Further than to make away
with a check for $500 belonging to the
company. Coffee claims Rose has been
fuilty of no breach of trust. Rose was
lsctiarged. he says, from the company's
•employ for having made a mistake of ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 189 S.
$5000 in a bid he made for the police alarm
telepraph system, which is soon to be put
in here.
■> ADVERTISEMENTS.
Only the tor- r^^S-^.
tures of the me- s^Lj^
diaeval rack are JK^F \l j£\
comparable tothe/^v^ 7 ?"*^'
agonies which ':"( . yf^ <"' \
many women ] r " If
suffer through k *jw7/ \ It
the peculiar weaknesses
and diseases of ; their deli- n§>^
cate,' feminine structure. : ; ' ■■; -
Nothing less than unbearable torment
would 1 induce- sensitive-minded women to
submit to the intolerable methods of the
average doctor in dealing with .'diseases of
this nature. ■ . " . . '
: That there is "a better way " than these
deferable "examinations." and-',' local ap-
plications " is a truth which some women
have, yet to learn." although thousands are
already rejoicing in the -knowledge. They
have fouad lin Dr. Pierce s ; Favorite Pre-
scription the . one unfailing . remedy which
heals feminine weaknesses at " their very
1 source. • This ' marvelous "Prescription"
restores absolute t he.-.lth to the ' internal
organism; stops weakening drains and ul-
cerated | conditions, gives ; elastic strength
to the supporting ligaments, vitality to the
nerve centers, and complete womanly vigor
to the entire constitution. :- -"■." • ; - -
It is the perfect fortifier and regulator of
women at every ; critical > period in ■; their
development; ;. from the time ; when they
merge into womanhood' until the," change
of life."-, ; It is the one medicine which
makes motherhood ; safe and : almost ' free !
from pain. ■;. "- '""'•' ' ■ :': '- - 1 ' ' '
A lady living at 7 Park Avenue. Chicago, His.,
Mrs. Emily, Howe, writes: '.." I, myself, suffered ;
• long time from female weakness' and seemed
to be going into a decline. Took several bottles )
of your .'.Favorite Prescription ' and. it saved me
■ from a great deal of suffering. •; I now enjoy per-
. feet health and will ever praise the .wonderful
efficacy of your medicine." ; *r ..-;;_ ■
- l . The best popular medical » book in ; the
: world is Dr. R. V. Pierces 1000 page . illu- s
strated " Common " Sense ;' Medical ■ Adviser.
It will ., be sent free, paper-bound, ; . for 21
j one-cent stamps. T 7oj^ai' the cost of mailing
only. • '.;< Address the Doctor at' Buffalo? N. V. ,';
or send 31 stamps : for cloth-bound : copy.
T^^^^tTp^^*' \ |^H j^^W ' ft
\^^ >^i'^ t^\*\ \V« X*" "^\S"*-»"^ Vv'N. " ./
Aside from the fact that our underselling prices and unusually at-
tractive line of holiday juvenile apparel is a well-known fact throughout
the State, we propose to present all our little patrons with a pretty Christmas
Gift in the shape of Toys.
So not alone do we save you money on the clothes you buy for your little
man for Christmas, but we save you the buying of toys for Mm as well.
Beginning Monday, with every juvenile purchase you get toys, toys of
the good sort only.
Want Your Little Man to Be the Swellest Dresser in
Town? We Can Do It for Yon.
We Dress the Swellest Children in Frisco.
■ jf^S : : '. A Little
V^) Beauty!
.<//|SBH|S|rK It is indeed a
/iJJiliilU 7\ little beauty.
/ X^lSrv \ ihat suit we
/ X^P^^ ( \ ' show .opposite,
; iSr' \]&^ V \ ™ a bright
\ J\ IT ® T~*y\ shade of blue,
V^> ;m- '^~~~1 y -in that fine
\&l gm ® English or s-
ispl ifil Chevi '> t ,
/^IsL I \l vv © ■ * ~~7 with its manly
WlWlr o^' fl little coat coU
ill i'((i\ X 1&~J lar, ever faced
vllA i \ 1 ■ /■'/ with goblin
bwo \ A / blue cloth, with
|k> \ I / \ I its vi any " rows
I 'imJ 'of white sou-
njlpl H^ tache, and the
HH mm! little vest of
%^m \ imH goblin blue,
wip ■ :^S '" with its white
WHS • : ] , soutache treat-
Jf^m went, just as
picture. A $6
suit . for liltle
chap; b?tiveen the ages of 3 and 8 years. 'Us
one of our holiday specials at
$115
i^^if^^^W Where we stand pre-eminent
y^^Mi^vl^^^w 7<s O7?/ ''' A ' ? high-class line of
j^^^^^^^^nk Smoking Jackets we're showing
JkMsiM!M '>Wwfmii this season. It loffl'S descrip-
Vim fiotl ' t^ r V rr murvelowily pret-
" E^ii I^^^Pl^^^ f - f ' (ITlfl - of course, you know us!
If' l ' f^^ % Sjjp^rj ' ' You're sure of the tiniest prices
\\ih\ \/ \ in all Frisco. We're very hog-
\n ■■ \ WsS>Bw&\ \ gish ; ire would like to do all of
y^*sk Wag! fa^ I '}^ /'^ lc Smoking- Jacket business in
/s!sisMs^X\ tW* Wia town. Our assortment warrants
v*"lP^ $111 WPI 7 ' aw^ you're sure of getting
THE 'FRISCO BOYS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Papa,
Mamma,
Don't You
Buy Any
Toys.
You Get 'Em
Free.
Slt~L^ Coat !
/ 1 t^\ \ \ very novel little
/ j || \ \ Top Coat, asyou
I " T I \ see in the pic-
/•I „ |j \ \ ture opposite, in
J I A the light tan
I I | I 1 1 , shades of Coy-
/" I I II er^ Cloth, with
II | a velvet collar;
"T^/hT? |i j I -i h^__ the velvet collar
JpwJj II ' 1} L— jf^^f 7 5 a new treat-
? \ ]Clfjp ment of the Top
'wM' l\- \ uJ'l Coat, and it's
mk^J\'-\ ■ \^rU) fully swell,
HHHE^ Of course, if you
/ WwWWSBSmW^ f ind a coat like
uW\\\s^^JBffißllfi\\\ this in town it's
\^^'-\ml M\HH'// S7 ' It>s very
v^Pl| illu'^^CT chaps ■ between
1 -^v. J^M . "4 h olid ay
«p4."0.
. '/■■'■". '."•'<'■ ■ ■ ■ : -
The Suit we
. V^_V show in the pic-
I V ~' ture opposite is
y*r-t v^ quite an elegant
I f^gmk— *?&{ little affair, in
/ T^BpPj \ the new shade.
I f\ ° °^t\) Burnt Orange,
LJ ° \° Y^ Blue as well,
. with silk sou-
t • quite an trim-
little affair, in
the new shade.
Burnt Orange,
Blue as well,
with silk sou-
tach e tri m-
st! I ALu mings on the
MjH 89 rever, with its
W many pretty lit-
NJy^JT tle white but-
" tons above the
/ trimmings, and
the little vest,
trimme d with white soutache,
as you, see in the picture;, usu-
ally as 7 Suit. It's a Holiday
Special with us, or little chaps
between the ages of 3 and 8, at
$4.98.
*.;-' ..'".'. — : — :
Bring the little folks to
see Santy and hi? two little
Pickaninny Attndants. ■;
; They're- amusing, in-
structing.
* — ■ — - — _ __ — * ,
•. Packed in a
Vjja^^srj^^^ box of 6 come
■ \ -pill those fine Linen
| Or Initial Han d-
\ -.J-.^iasjgfel kerchiefs for
'^^szz^jaS^^. men; what we
. would ': te.r-n*'
usually a 25c h,cln,dlc o rchief,
and very good valu'i at 25c.
You can get this whole bo —
for
T9c.
SOf course,
£>T you're going. to
Hra^i^ get him a Scarf.
*&■ A puff scarf is
JS^L the cor re
thing; in white,
iffi J^y black or fancy.
What you'll
pay the exclu-
sive haberdasher $1 for you'll
get these high-class scarfs in
the knot shape, in the four-in-
hand, or in that highly desir-
able puff, the wide and gener-
ous one, from us at
50c.
- g— A dozen Linen
Collars of our
mbST \~~\j brand, in either
W^^^otr-**'^ standing or
S Hr turn-d own
shape, all the
new and fashionable ones, such
shapes as you usually get in the
25c collar; the collar that made -
our house famous.
A whole dozen of these collars
in a pretty white box neatly
packed for
$1.10.
,_—■^ A quilted
Cq^S Muffler is quite
X. jfyj the swell idea
this season;
jg^SP|rp|s®i very much like
Hk£hßl that purpose; in
caded silks, in
plaids and neat patterns. Some
pretty ones at
"--;■■: $1.00. v: : j ;
f^\ That new high-
V^n cut, double-
Jhrl. breasted Vest in
y-^A^i^v^ silks; in the
I li;\i^^\ 7iea t dots, red
I i^ : £-' -^ \ dots, white dots.
I vflt'-lt"- iiu 1 blue dots and
\ \ll^'^x4y OrOWTV dots. It's,
VJ\ 7*iT V quite the swell
»oJ f i idea, and
makes a very
acceptable present for a gentle-
man; $5 always. For the holi-
day present-makers we make
the price
$3.95.
*^a»— — s. Of course you
§ Y^J^i^vn know our Gloves
■ <.'// Q*™\ are fumed the
HI I ~ >4 State over, espe-
I 1 1 daily our Waller
\\\, ing Glove for
gentlemen; in
that new style,
the Mocha, in. the pearl gray,
the burnt orange shade, and
then, of course, the many shades
of tan and ox blood red. You
know we guarantee every pair.
That's the reason our nairn goes
on 'em.
A few pairs of these would
niak? an acceptable present for
a gentleman.
For holiday buyers we quote
'em at
$1.00.
Band Bow.
jHSf^gPBS&B A very pretty
W^T -j_P-^f present . for a
jfcL "Si '* ) . gentleman; in
/^Bkj3^jj£ the, black silk
\ w^msilEjf. and satin, and
■ i in the fancies;
a line that usu-
ally sells for 50 c; lawn, also the
high-class lawn ;onz packed in
a box. the box lined with royal
purpl\ A very pretty present
for a gentleman, yet inexpen-
sive and eminently proper.
These at
25c.
These are merely
a FEW SUGGESTIONS
OF PROPER THINGS
FOR MEN. We've a
store full of other
desirable thinas.
34
TREATY OF PEACE SIGNED
BY THE TWO COMMISSIONS
AMERICANS
AND SPANIARDS
AFFIX NAMES
Imposing Climax of
Negotiations.
END OF EPILOGUE OF WAR
DOCUMENTS SEALED WITH THE
FRENCH TRICOLOR.
Now That the Treaty Is Concluded
the United States Will Com
mence to Cany Out Its
Provisions.
Social Dispatch to The Call. "■
PARIS, Dec. 10.— The treaty of peace
between the United States and Spain
mi signed at 8:45 o'clock this even
ing. .
The signing of the treaty to-night
■would have afforded a subject for a
great historical painting. The group
gathered about the table in the stately
chamber of the Foreign Office was im
pressive in itself, while the fact that
the sense of the mocnentousness of the
issues which the act decided was deeply
felt by all the participants grave an im
pressive and solemn tone to the scene.
Around the great mahogany table sat
the ton arbiters of the destiny of an old
and young nation. Ranged about and
behind wore numerous attaches of the
American < 'ommissiun. The jets from
the crystal chandeliers above the heads
of those present magnified the brilliant
green and scarlet of the upholsterings
In their gaudiness.
There was a contrast between the
black-clothed arbiters and the scenery.
To the Americans it was a happy end-
Ing of the epilogue of war; for the
Spaniards it was plainly a bitter trag
edy, none the less painful because long
foreseen. They sat silently, as though
almost crushed, and none could with
hold sympathy for Montero Rios, the
president of the Spanish Commission,
■who, coming from his bed, was bundled
In a great overcoat, though logs were
burning in the fireplace mar by.
The spirits of the bodies were sym
bolized by the clothing worn by the
members of the commission, for the
Americans were attired in evening
dress for the dinner given them imme
diately after the meeting by the Due
de Loubat, and the Spaniards wore
black frock coats.
Although the commissions met at
half-past 3 o'clock, expecting to finish
their work in half an huur, the en
grossing of the treaty on parchment
was found to be so troublesome that it
delayed the signing of the document
until S:2O. Clerk Martin of the Ameri
can Commission worked all day with
out stopping to eat. When he came
into the chamber at 7:30 with the docu
ment he found the Commissioners
•waiting. The .Spanish copy had ar
rived half an hour earlier. Mr. Fergu-
Bon then proceeded to read first the
English and after that the Spanish ver
sion of the treaty. This finished, the
two copies were passed around the
table, the Commissioners signing them
in the order of their rank— William B.
Day, Senator Cushman K. Davis, Sen
ator William P. Frye, Whitelaw Reid
and Senator George Gray; Senor Mon
tero Rios, Senor Abaruza, Senor Gar
rica, Senor Villaurutia and General
Cerrero y Saons, each Commissioner
signing his opponent's treats Both
were tied with the Spanish and Ameri
can colors.
When the seals were prepared to be
affixed attendants were sent scurrying
for ribbons of the French tricolor, with
which the documents were sealed, as a
compliment to the French hosts of the
commission-
Many officials interestedly watched
every detail of the proceedings. The
last seal being impressed, the Commis
sioners rose, and without formality
each member Bhook the hands of all
his antagonists and exchanged assur
ances of sincere personal esteem.
The Spaniards afterward commented
acridly upon what they termed the bad
taste of the Americans in mustering a
crowd of attaches to gloat over the con
summation of their downfall and the
scramble for relics.
The signing was finished at 8:45
o'clock. At that time the door of the
chamber opened, and Senor Villaurutia
appeared, and exclaimed to a group of
correspondents who were waiting in the
corridor. 'Cost fini!" The other mem
bers of the Spanish commission fol
lowed Senor Villaurutia, and passed
silently through the vestibule to their
waiting carriages. The American Com
missioners strolled out, chatting com
placently, and as they descended the
steps the lights in the chamber were
darkened.
There has been a groat contest !
among tho families and friends of the
American Commissioners for posses
sion of the pens with which the pig
naturoa were written. Some of the
Americans were provided with hand
somp p»ns nmchased for the
purpose. The Spaniards appeared to
be unaffected by the souvenir craze
and contented themselves with the or
dinary quill pens strewn on tho table.
Arthur Ferguson, the interpreter of
the American commission, requested
Senor Montero Rios to givr> him his
pen, Baying: "Have you any desire to
preserve the pen with which you will
sign?"
"Not In the slightest." said the Span
iard with a courtly bow.
The treaty as signed consists of
seventeen articles, it having been
found advisable to subdivide two or
three of the articles in the draft agreed
upon at the last meeting. The Com
missioners of the two nations wrote
their signature^ on two copies of the
treaty, one copy being for the archives.
The document was prepared by Sec
retary Moore in behalf of tho i'nlted
States Commission and by Senor Vil
laurutia for Spain, on account of the
continued ilness of Secretary Oieda
<f the Spanish Commission. Kaeh
copy contains the English and Span
ish texts of the treaty In parallel
eolunms. The wording has teen ap
proved previously by the commissions
without a joint meeting, so there was
no controversy on this subject.
PLEDGES IN THE TREATY
MUST BE CARRIED OUT
NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald tel
THE SIGNING OF THE TREATY.
A Picture of the Beginning cf he Last Work of the Peace Commission, Showing President Day of the .American Commission, and Senor
Montero Rios of the Spanish ConmUsion, in the Act of Affixing Their Respective Signatures — the First to the Duplicate Copies of th; Completed Treaty
on the Table Before Him.
Ths Session Was tbe Last of the Series, Which Began on October Ist in the "Grand Salle" of the French Minhtry of Foreign Affairs,
Palais Bourbon, on the Quai d'Orsay. Paris.
; egraphs: Now that the treaty of peace
j has been signed it will devolve upon the
I administration to carry out at once
' some of the pledges it contains. It is
expected that instructions will be sent
General Otis the first of next week
to demand the release of prisoners held
by Aguinaldo and the insurgent forces,
i and he has already informed the W r ar
Department that he believes he is in a
i position to take such action and en
i force compliance.
The proclamation of the Filipinos re
! ferred to in the Herald this morning
! setting forth the purposes of the United
States with respect to the character of
the military government to be enfonced
; has been practically completed, and will
j be sent to General Otis without delay
i for issuance.
It is not believed in official circles
that there will be any trouble in secur
ing the disbandment of the insureent
forces. So far as the navy is concerned,
I understand it is proposed to discharge
as promptly as the service conditions
I will admit, 245 volunteer officers re
i maining in the service. It will be dif
ficult to reduce the number of men.
however, for the reason that ships in
the service need 19,000 men now home
on the naval rolls, and an extra num
ber will be carried until the treaty of
peace is ratified and Consress crants
the increase recommended by Secretary
Long.
Secretary Alger will not discharge all
the volunteers until Congress has au
thorized an increase of the army,
though as a matter of fact the War
Department will be compelled, after
the ratification of the treaty, to dis
charge every volunteer who asks per
mission to leave the service.
OFFICIAL NEWS OF THE
SIGNING OF THE TREATY
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.— The official
news of the signing of the peace treaty
was received in Washington a little
later than the press reports. It was in
cipher form, as usual, from Judge Day.
It was at o-nce transmitted to the Pres
ident, who was alone at that time, but
within a comparatively short time all
the members of the Cabinet had either
called or sent their congratulations.
Tho President's congratulations were
promptly cabled to the commission.
The news of the signing had been so
thoroughly discounted in advance that
the actual receipt of the official advices
created little stir here. There was a
general feeling of relief, however, that
no unforeseen circumstance intervened
at the last moment to block the peace
ful close of the negotiations.
— ♦- —
RESIGNATION OF SPANISH
MINISTRY IS EXPECTED
LONDON, Dec. 10.— A special dispatch
from Madrid says the position of the
Cabinet is most critical and that the
resignation of the Ministry is -expected.
In commercial circles, it is added,
the fall of the Cabinet has been dis
counted, as shown by the dull state
of business and the heavy taxation.
Fatal Leap While Delirious.
BACRAMGNTO, Dec. 10.— Fred Gun
ther, an old man who hart for years been
employed in the railroad shops in this
city, while delirious to-night jumped
from a second-story window In the rail
road hospital, receiving injuries
which resulted in his death a short time
afterward. He was suffering from
Eright's disease.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without renvjvftl. J. Noonan, 1017-1c23 Mission.
The House of Capet has the longest un
broken puocos-sion in the male line— from
Hugh Capet. King of France in 987, to
Louis Philippe's abdication In 1848.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11. 1898.
TERRIBLE DEED OF AN INSANE MURDERER.
T~"< REE SOIL, Mich., Dec. 10.— William Hitchings yesterday afternoon mur
rdered his brother-in-law, John Hunt, also his sister, Mrs. Hunt, and
Thomas Hayward, a sixteen-year-old youth, employed by Hunt. Hitch
ings then cut his throat. The three were cutting wood together on Hunt's
farm, two miles west of this village, when Hitchings, without warning, at
tacked his brother-in-law with an ax, killing him instantly. The insaive
man then chased Hayward until the latter slipped and fell, and Hitchings
killed the prostrate boy with his ax. Hitchings next covered his brother
in-law's body with brush and proceeded to the farmhouse, and after a ter
rible and desperate struggle with Mrs. Hunt, he stabbed her in the neck
with a jackknife, killing her also. After the woman's body was disposed of
by being pushed under a bed, Hitchings went upstairs to his own room,
leaving unmolested a baby asleep in its cradle. The madman's last act was
to apply the knife to his own throat. He succeeded in killing himself, evi
dently after two attempts.
Hitchings was considered not to be right mentally and out of his head at
times. No adequate reason for his awful crimes is as yet known. The
dead woman's young daughter found her mother's body on her return from
school. Her clothes had been nearly torn off in the unequal struggle.
Neighbors found the bodies of Hunt and Hayward in the woods late at
night.
BRYAN'S MILITARY S ERVICE SOON TO END.
£> AVANNAH, Ga., Dec. 10.— Colonel W. J. Bryan, Third Nebraska Regi
ment. has either forwarded his resignation to Washington, or is about
to do so. Of this there seems to be no doubt. To-day he called on
General Lee, commander of the Seventh Corps, and General Keifer, com
mander of the First Division of the corps, of which Colonel Bryan's regi
ment is a part, and is understood to have announced his intention to quit the
service.
Colonel Bryan would neither deny nor confirm the rumor, but stated
that when the time came he would prepare a written statement and give it
to the press, so that there would be no possibility of arty misstatement of
his position.
"It is well to have the newspapers to talk through," said he with a
laugh. "They beat your hat all hollow."
Colonel Bryan's regiment understands to-day that he will be their com
mander but a few days longer. Lieutenant Colcnel Vifquain is quoted by
other officers of the regiment as having told them that there would soon
be promotions in the regiment, as Colonel Bryan would resign and he would
succeed him as colonel.
JACK, THE FAMOUS TRICK DOG, DEAD.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 10.— Jack, the star performer of Professor Herbert's
troupe of performing dogs, now at the Orpheum, died this morning in
great agony.
Jack was valued at $2000. He did his turn last night all right, but Pro
fessor Herbert saw he had fever and summoned a veterinary surgeon. The
dog rapidly grew- worse, and for five hours he barked and struggled until
death relieved him.
Jack was the best "hind-lee dog" in the United States. He had worked
on the stage during nine of his ten years of existence.
HEAD-END COLLISION NEAR PRESCOTT.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., Dec. 10.— A head-end collision occurred two miles
north of Prescott this afternoon. In which one man was killed and four
others were wounded, one probably fatally. The northbound extra
had just left the yards when it met the regular Prescott and Eastern train
from Mayer, in a deep cut and on a curve. Engineer W. H. Wade of the
extra was instantly killed and Conductor James Atkinson and Fireman
Love were seriously injured. Engineer Thomas Gatfleld and Fireman
George Walker of the Prescott and Eastern train were seriously injured. It
is thought Gatfield will die.
TARIFF REMOVED FHOM CHRISTMAS GIFTS.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.— The War Department to-day issued a cir
cular providing tliat by direction of the President it is ordered that
the existing tariff and regulations governing importation; into
Cuba, i'orto Rico and the Philippines be modified in order to allow the
free entry of packages and articles clearly intended - Christmas presents
for officers and enlisted men of the army and nay a..d for other em
ployes of U»<j Government now serving in those is'.ands.
MAY SUCCEED THE LATE ARCHBISHOP GROSS.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.— Friends of Archbishop J. J. Keane, now in
Rome, are endeavoring to have him appointed to the See of Oregon,
as successor of the late Archbishop Gross. The Roman Catholics
of ©regon would be pleased witb his selection, but they do not think he would
accept.
BAILEY ESTABLISHES
HIS LEADERSHIP
Democratic Congressmen Agree by-
Unanimous Vote to be Bound
by Caucus Action.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 10.— The Demo
crats of the House of Representatives
held a caucus to-night on the question
coming over from the last session as to
the binding force of caucus action.
Of 126 members on the roll of the House
86 were present. Among those present
were Representatives Bailey of Texas,
Richardson of Tennessee, De Armond and
Bland of Missouri, Wheeler of Alabama,
Allen of Mississippi, Mcßae of Arkansas,
and Sayres of Texas. Representatives
McMillin of Tennessee and Bankhead of
Alabama were not among those present.
The meeting was devoted to a brief dis
cussion of the wisdom of making caucus
action binding. A resolution to this ef
fect had been introduced and this was
pending. The main interest centered in
the ability of Bailey and his friends to
pass the resolution.
In order to test the strength of the
Bailey forces Mr. Clardy of Kentucky
moved to reconsider the vote by which
the resolution had been agreed to at the
last session. The motion was tabled 62
to 13, thus establishing that the advo
cates of the resolution had a clear ma
jority.
The resolutions were then adopted
without opposition. Beyond this no ac
tion was taken. Mr. Bailey said after the
caucus:
"I have no desire to discuss the action
of the caucus further than to say that
it must now be plain to all thinking men
that the stories of serious divisions in
the Democratic party were the inven
tion of a few sensational newspapers."
Kept People at Home.
WOODLAND, Dec. 10.— The contest be
tween the home merchants and a Sacra
mento department store was on to-day
The town was crowded with people arid
the local merchants did a splendid busi
ness. The excursion to Sacramento was
not a success. Only 138 Woodland people
bought tickets. Street concerts by two
bands and a free baseball game were vie
features of the entertainment provided to
keep people at home.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NO WASTE OF WORDS.
Evidence Which Is Right to ths Point
and Reliable.
Judge Frank Ives of District Court of
Crookston, Minn., says: For some time
I have used Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
with seeming great benefit. With few
exceptions I have not l~een so free from
indigestion in twenty-five years.
George W. Roosevelt, U. S. Consul to
Brussels, Belgium: Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets, saf.e, pleasant to take, coiir
venient to carry, give keen appetite,
perfect digestion.
Mr. "W. D. Tomlin, mechanical engi-
neer, Duluth, Minn.: One box of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets has done its work,
and I am again gaining flesh and
strength.
O. K. Ransom, Hustonville, Ky. : I
was distressed and annoyed for two
years with throwing up food, often two
or three times a day; had no certainty
of retaining a meal if I ate one. Four
boxes of the tablets from my druggist
have fully cured me. I find them pleas-
ant to take, convenient to carry.
Rev. G. D. Brown, Mondivi, Wis. :
The effects of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets are simply marvelous; a quite hearty
dinner of broiled beefsteak causes no
distress since I began their use.
Over six thousand people in the State
of Michigan alone in 1894 were cured of
stomach troubles by Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets.
Full-sized packages may be found at
all druggists at 50 cents, or sent by mall
on receipt of price from F. A. Stuart
Co., Marshall, Mich.
1 Send for little book on. stomach dis-
eases, mailed fre,e.
FRENCHMEN BELIEVE
WAR WITH ENGLAND
Opinion General in Paris That Great
Britain Is Determined to
Force a Conflict.
Edouard Doumont Declares It Is Sought by the Stronger
Nation to Crush the Weaker as Carthage Was
Crushed by Rome.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Ilerald. Copyrighted, 1S98»
by Jamen Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, Dec 10. — Slowly, but stead
ily, the conviction is gaining ground here
that war with England Is inevitable.
Paul de Cassagnac's paper the Au
torite, even goes so far as to declare
it Imminent and suggests the probabil
ity of an alliance with Germany, rather
than see France share the fate of
Spain.
This Is no alarmist opinion. It is one
shared by people in diplomatic, parlia
mentary, naval, military and commer
cal circles alike. That there is no reck
lessness in It even the fire-eaters among
French public men realize.
They recognize that war with her
transchannel neighbor means almost
certain defeat for France, yet at the
same time they ask, What they are to
do? How is war to be prevented?
England seems determined, they say,
to force France back to the wall. The
moment must come when further re
treat will be impossible. No people can
possibly swallow affront after affront
without sinking to the condition of
what Lord Salisbury recently defined
as a "decaying nation."
France, according to public opinion
here, has given way before England
only to be met aftef every concession
with heavier demands.
"the English are imitating the Ro
mans in their intercourse with the Car
thagenians, 1 ' said Edouard Dmmont to
me yesterday. "History is repeating
Itself. When the elephants and all the
materials of defense had been given up
and hostages had been delivered into
the hands of the Romans the Cartha
genians found themselves fact to face
with the choice of abandoning their
city and seeing it razed to the ground
or accepting war.
"Similarly England is making de
mand after demand. Yesterday she
claimed Fashoda. She got it. To
morrow she may revendlcate Calais
HOT EYELIDS
BLEARY EYES! TWITCHING EYES "
SWIMMYEYES! PUCKERING EYES!
means bad dreams at night, means sleeplessness, means waking
up in the morning with dizzy headaches and two eyes like burnt
holes in a blanket. Now, there is something behind all these :
peculiar Eye Symptoms. It is a nervous disorder.
You are suffering from loss of energy, loss of appetite,,
trembling of hands, palpitation of the heart, pains in the
loins, pains in the shoulder, pains, in the back. Yes, these
mean the certain approach of Nervous Debility— Nervous Ex- -
haustion. When you see yourself declining thus you should '
make an effort for a cure. You 'will: find the Hudyan remedy
treatment the very best treatment you can get. for nervous -
disorders. • . :. ■■■■-' •..-.-,-.
CALL OR WRITE FOR FREE * - y \
HUDYAN CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS!
"''' ' "■" ' Bead these symptoms, and if "f~ v "*'v ■'■.'. I '{•'
' ; Remedy '■ ;: you have many of r them you need '' Hudson-: '
;: Treatment i! the certain cure— the Great Hud- i- T ™L '<$
1 S °Slf - yan Remed y Treatment. This re- W Is CenaTn I'A
t in " markable discovecy has made the J to Cure ' ,
! Thirty ::, name and the fortunes of ■'. the ! '
:. . .P. P . a . y . S | . . I Hudsonian doctors of the Hudson } Circulars, j :
* ■ •••• : : JMeuical Institute. ***•*••••••« ' ■
NERVOUS DEBILITY !&% St. dd 0 V- FAILING MANHOOD en ' your »«>»od
eanlc etrenrth." energy and. bope.. Following twitch »nrtLViw.i=i! , be^ na l ° 8° you will
Do you of the symptoms: . B following are some of the symptom.:
'Do you feel weak? ; " ■ ' following are some of the symptoms: .
Have you cold • feet? • : , ; • . &0& 0 your facial nerves twitch?
Have you backache?... :C- • ■ .' . Are you 'all run down?' ■ '- ■ . . •- •
Do you shun, society? •, ■ i •. Spots before your eyes? ■'.•
siefpVorty?' ' . £ the ™<*]*° RCCh? ,"• .: ,
Are you low-pplrited? ,■ ' , ■ . ;«Have you pains In small of back? "' •' •:
Are your eyes sunk-en ?.-->~ •--'•,•, ■ Have you pains on.each side of backbone? '.
.' Do you have hot flashes?  - „ I Have you pains in head? • • ■ ' . -.- ■
Is -your, memory impaired? j . Have shooting ; pains' ■■ ;
Have , you no : vigor? ■ -- . -r\^ vmi f^i f nt i_ llp<1 o - -
Have you no vital energy-? v L>° you feel ral ' guea • - .}■:
Do you have sick headache? ' r Are you weary? .. ; ; ... - .
Is there nausea after eating? ; Doee your head, swim?: . ■■. .
Do your hand? or feet sweat? 'Do your knees knock? ' . V. "V.
Is there a lack of ambition? : ,- ;"' Does your hand tremble? . —
Has the brightness left your eyes? Do you suffer from night losses?
• If you are in this condition, you should learn all about the Great Hudyan :
Remedy Treatment. It is sure .to cuxe. It cures as certainly as you use it. ?i I
No one else can give you Hudyan biU the doctors of .Hudson Medical In-
; stitute. . .-'. \ •.,»; . •; :■ ■■ :,'-'-:.r.";.■■■■■;.■: ,'-'-:.r .";.■■■■■;.■, ;■-:.,; ■..,/: ;• ;-  :;.;.:
•■ -.-: '■?:■.■ />.< ■•. ;-.■..:.*■■.■ • . .- •—• — ; — "r! — : — r— -. ■•■; ■■■;•■ .. .. ■•/■
-..' -■ ' . - • •-:.:•;-';,;■•-■: ■ ■'■ j ;.;=:'■;. :.:■■:■;;■ ■■■■:■,-.■.' ■-..: --if?
O—o — O— O— — O—O — O — O—O—O—O O—O—O—O — O— O— O — O— O— °.r, "'v :,
Wl ? CONSULT THE HUDSON DOCTORS FREE. | g|^
I CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS FREE. I : £
o— o— o—o— o—o— o—o— o—o— o—o — o— o— o—o— o—o— o— o— o—o - V
BLOOD POISON— In its first, secondary or tertiary form is sure to show -
BLOOD POlSON— thesebad signs: You will notice copper-colored spots' an r - ■
BLOOD POlSON— itching skin, irritated, ;. ; dry, parched throat, sores in mouth 1
BLOOD 'POlSON— falling hair. , You riave to be r quick to -j stop this disease' '
! BLOOD POISON— If ; . you want to lie cured easily, nuicklv and thorouphlv"
BLOOD POlSON— consult the doctor? of HUDSON. Their 'great ■ -.-
blood poisun— v v? ? 10-HAV f"-i rll=>Crr II=>Cr
BLOOD POISON— -Jy-il-IM V I^UKE
BLOOD POISON— Is what you need. Call or write for circulars of 30-day cure.' 1
Hudson Medical Institute,
* Stockton, Market and Ellis^Sts.p San Francisco, Cal. ■■^^r- ■.
upon the ground that it belonged to her
for centuries.
"One is forced to admit that Calais
fdrms part of England much more
manifestly than Fashoda does. If this
were conceded some fresh demands
would follow, for England has deter
mined to make war upon us. She has
decided France must be crushed Just
as Rome decided that Carthage must
be destroyed— 'delenda est Carthage.' "
Nor is the editor-in-chief of Libre
Parole alone in this opinion. Henri
Rochefort expressed virtually the same
views to me, though of course in his
own vivacious style.
"England wants war with France,"
he said, hotly. "She is looking.'.for a
pretext to declare it and if she cannot
find any she intends to make one.
"Sir Edmund Monson's speech Ja the
latest evidence of this. It is insolently
threatening to the same degree as it is
absurdly unjust. When or where was
ever a proposition. to found a school in
any country regarded as casus belli?"
M. Rochefort himself admitted the
superior- force of the English fleet.
th ° vu SQS Q .-"he "«as inclined to doubt
whether England's ships were as re
liably manned or their material as
good. But, conceding this and even al
lowing that both personnel and ships
were all that they appeared to be on
the surface, he said he could not under
stand why the French Government
should not give Sir Edmund Monson
his passports at once, come what might.
"Even a coward," he said, '-if he sees
he must ultimately fight a duel, would
hardly wait until his adversary had
kicked him into the field."
Little is said in diplomatic circles,
but that little is despondent. M. Drum
mont assured me that Baron ds Coap«ei
declared after the Fashoda incident
that war would be inevitable.
"Les Anglais la veulent." was his la
conic assertion.WINS THE SIX
DAY RACE AND
GAINS A BRIDE
Double Triumph of
Miller.
MARRIAGE AT THE COURSE
HISS HANSON BECOMES THE
WHEELMAN'S WIFE.
After the Ceremony He Continues
His Record-Breaking Run, Beat
ing His Time Last
Year.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— Charles W.
Miller of Chicago, last year's six-day
champion, won the great race at Madi
son Square Garden again this year,
SCENE AT TI-JE GREfiT SIX DAY BICYCLE CONTEST IN MADISON
SQUARE GARDEN, NEW YORK.
beating the world's record, his own, by
twenty-four miles, and leading the sec
ond man, Frank Waller of Boston, by
iw<*ty-t«-o railnK. ■-.--.
Thirty-two men started when the
pistol sounded a few minutes after mid
night on Monday morning last, and
twelve finished. One by one, twenty of
the men have been counted out, either
by themselves on account of their lack
of staying power, or by the physicians
In attendance. Miller, however, . and
Waller and Pierce, the three men who
have been always in the lead, have
gone steadily along in the heart-break
ing race, and of all those who finished
they were by far the freshest.
Indeed, Miller was in such good con
dition this afternoon that he was able
to appear to advantage in" a wedding
ceremony which was performed by one
of the city's Aldermen, leading Miss
Genevieve Hanson of Chicago to the
Improvised altar in the garden, amid
the l<>ud cheering and boisterous good
vishes of &000 or 10,000 people, who had
gathered to witness the ceremony. At
that time Miller was miles ahead of all
the others, and thus able to enjoy this
little recreation.
Frank Waller of Boston finished sec
ond in the great race to-night, cover-
Ing IHBT miles to the 2007 traveled by
Mnler, and surpassing Miller's last
year's record by nearly two miles.
Burns Pierce, the gaunt Canadian, who
until this year has never been heard of
in this country, was third. He passed
the nineteenth century and, although
more than 100 miles behind the leader,
gave a game exhibition. Pierce had a
nasty fall early in the game and really
never recovered his proper form.
Of all the foreigners in the race the
only two to finish were Julius and
Hale, and they were far behind the
others.
During the entire week Pierce and
Miller lived on cereals and ate no meat.
They rested about twenty hours in the
142.
Much had been expected of Frank
Cistac, the Australian, who was to have
covered 2800 miles in six days, but he
got a bad fall on the first day and was
out of the contest after that. Mona
chon, Stephane and Joyeaux, the
Frenchmen, did almost nothing.
Teddy Hale, the Irishman, who in 1896
■won the championship, was next to last,
having just managed to get over the
1500 miles.
By winning the six-day race Miller
gets from the management the sum of
JICOO and for breaking the world's rec
ord he gets the sum of $200 additional,
and for his public marriage this after
ncon he is said to have got the sum of
1500. Miller is also said to have re
ceived a wedding present of $200 from
the wheel firm for whom he rides.
Waller gets $1000 for riding second and
the others get indefinite sums ranging
from $75 up.
The wedding of Miller and Miss Hao-
Bon occurred in one of the boxes which
eurround the bicycle track. Alderman
Wentz of this city performed the cere
mony. Miller had to be lifted into the
box by his trainers, so overcome was
he by his hard work. Mrs. O'Donnell,
mother of the bride, gave Mies Hanson
awajr. Mrs. Schisner acted as brides
maid, while Arthur Gardiner of Chicago
acted as best man. A tremendous cheer
went up from the crowd as Miller, n'rw
a sure winner, and Miss Hanson were
declared man and wife. To cap the
climax of enthusiasm Waller went over
and kissed the bride. The race then
continued.
Previous to the ceremony, Miller put
on a new orange and white racing
suit and enlivened proceedings by
sprinting on various occasions, closely
followed by Waller, Nawn and Aron
son. Pierce, who had been obliged to
Rive up all hope of catching Miller,
maintained his pace. All the competit
ors left the track shortly after 3 o'clock
to dress for the wedding.
Harry Elkes made an exhibition mile
in 2:04 2-5. Eddie Mc^uffie of Boston
then started on a five mile exhibition,
paced by a tandem, but fell owing to
the front tire of the tandem coming
off and spilling all concerned. The ac
cident reopened the wounds McDuffie
•ustained by hie bad spill on Monday.
Harry Caldwell of Manchester, N. H.,
and Bobby Walthour of Atlanta, Ga.,
then went a mile, Caldwell winning the
first mile in 2:25 2-5. The second heat
was won by Walthour in 2:29 1-5. The
two men ran a dead heat at the third
attempt. Time, 2:32 1-5.
The score at the finish of the six
days' race follows:
Miles. Miles.
Miller 2,007.4 Aronson 1.729.5
Waller 1.955.7 Nawn 1,721.7
Pierce 1,906.7 Fomer 1,868.8
Albert 1,822.6 Stevens 1.519.8
Glmm 1.752.2 Hale 1,502.2
Lawson 1,757.6 Julius 1,166.7
FORBUSH IN FRONT.
Winner of the Palmetto Handicap at
New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 10.— The Palmet
to handicap at a mile and an eighth, val
ued at $1000, was the star number of the
day's card and it proved the best race of
the meeting. Forbush, the featherweight,
landed the prize in a driving finish. The
weather was clear and cold; track very
heavy. Results:
First race, six furlongs— Loiterer won. Tab
ouret second. Gath third. Time. 1:21
Second race, six furlongs— Tr-ndreppe won, A.
McKnight second, Red Pirate third. Time,
1:2234.
Third race, selling, mile and seventy yards-
Branch won, Waterman second. Laureate third.
Time. 1:57.
Fourth race. Palmetto handicap, one and one
eighth miles— Forbush won. Handsel second,
Macy third. Time, 2:07.
Fifth race, mile and .seventy yards— Gun
Metal won, Molo second, Garnet Ripple third.
Time. 1:59.
PRESENTS FOR THE PRINCETON.
Alumni of the College Makes Gifts to
the Gunboat.
NEW YORK. Dec. 10.— The alumni of
Princeton University to-day presented to
the gunboat Princeton at the navy yard
a large bronze bell, a library of 600 vol-
i umes and a massive punch bowl and
I ladle.
Early in the day the vessel was be
■ decked with bunting- in which orange and
I black, the colors of old Nassau, were
; most conspicuous. The quarterdeck was
covered with a canvas awning. At 2
: o'clock about 500 of the alumni and a
Rrc-at many invited guests boarded the
gunboat and before the presentation pro
ceedings began most of the visitors in
1 spected the ship.
PROTECTION FOR GALIE.
Ordinance Passed by the Sonoma
County Supervisors.
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 10.— Before ad
| journing this evening the Board of Su-
p e rvisors passed an ordinance that will
! regulate the hunting of game in Sonoma
' County. It provides that hereafter no
game be shipped out of the county and
prohibits thr hunting of quail, duck.
grouse, doves and deer for market. No
Chinese or Japanese pheasants may be
. killed in five yeara. The open season i
, for quail hereafter will be from Novem- I
j ber 1 to February 15 and the season for
] acer from July 15 to October 1. The pen- j
?a V for violatlon >s a tine of from $20 to I
JSOO or imprisonment from 10 to 150 days.
; Ine law takes effect on January 1
Baseball at Woodland.
WOODLAND. Deo. 10,-The Beniola
Baseball Club, a ppnant winner in Solano
County, and the Woodland Club, will try
conclusions on the Woodland diamond to
morrow. The Woodland Club has not
been defeated this season. The game is
likely to be an exciting one.
Convention of Supervisors.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 10.— The Board of
Capt. A. T. Mahan
<*-*'' " '"^s. .' Contributes to McClure's Magazine, be-
s N. " ginning with the . December number, a
fM~'}\- \ ' series of articles on The War on Sea
Jwjii^W -*' 'jfS ** • an(^ Its Lessons. -Captain Mahan
rrfli/f/l' '<$^jr-^* was a member of the Naval Strategy
wrv**^ r& >V Board. Day. by day he studied .The,
W^lyN^ L^J War in ItS Making, and helped to
V&^W^ *"V ' •" make it. He has, therefore, First-hand
V*^B^'^j^r*^» Command of .Plans and Events
]^^M%s^s& S possible to no other writer. Captain Ma-
/r^*^^^^^^^,;' han is recognized abroad as well as at
Jlillf^v^ Jt home to be the
Foremost Naval
\7^-^ -^^^Vand his articles' are eagerly awaited in
• **^^L Europe and America as important contri-
"^ w buttons to the history of naval warfare, and
also for their suggestions and indications as to ships, armaments, operations,
and strategy of the future. These articles will emphatically: constitute ■ "
THE GREATEST CONTRIBUTION TO THE
§1 HISTORY OF THE WAR
The first article 1 explains what determined the direction and nature of
; The First Naval Movements, showing how, if the motive of the war
had been different, the movements* would have been different also.
This series begins in the DECEMBER NUMBER- of
McCLURE'S
Now on Sale Everywhere V
|0 Cents a Copy $1.00 A YEAR
THE S. S. McCLURE CO., New York City.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, IS9B.
Supervisors of this county, which was em
powered by the last State convention of
Supervisors to fix the date for the next
meeting, to-day named February 14. On
this date the State convention will meet
in Sacramento to consider legislation re
garding road matters.
GROWERS DISCOURAGED
BY THE LONG DROUGHT
Lack of Rain in Central and Northern
California r roving Dis
astrous.
SUISUN, Dec. 10.— Many farmers and
fruit-growers are taking a despondent
view Si conditions as affected by the long
drought. Reports from Sonoma, Napa,
Yolo and Solano counties state that never
before was rain so badly needed. Civil
Engineer Fitch, an old resident of Sola
no County, says this is the driest season
in thirty-two years. A farmer residing
in Napa County says the ground there
has not been so dry before in forty years.
In Yolo County the rainfall to date has
been less than two inches and feed for
cattle is becoming alarmingly scarce.
Farmers have been seeding all the ground
that could be plowed and a considerable
acreage will have to be left until heavy
rains come. The dry weather and frosty
nights are discouraging to orchardists,
and in some orchards signs of decay have
been found in trees, principally peach
trees. If this state of affairs continues
irrigation will be extensively resorted to,
and it is reported that Vacavllle orchard
ists are already making arrangements to
this end.
NEWCASTLE, Dec. 10.— A strong east
erly wind has been blowing for two days.
Slight damage to the orange crop is re
ported. Picking has been rushed and the
crop has been moved aa fast as it could
be gathered. The green oranges seem to
stand tho swaying about all right. The
effect upon the orange trees has been a
slight denudation of foliage and a marked
curling or shriveling of leaves on account
of the severe drying nature of the wind.
No damage of consequence Is likely to
result.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 10.— Last night was
tho coldest of the winter here, the mer
cury dropping to 22. Complaint of frozen
water pipes was general about town. It
is seldom the cold is so severe in this
valley.
CAVE-IN IN THE
BUNKER HILL MINE
Two Men Perish in a Disaster Near
Wallace, Idaho.
WALLACE, Idaho. Dec. 10.— A cave-in
in the Bunker Hill and Sullivan mine at
Wardner to-day caught several men.
Only meager details have been received
here. Two men are known to be dead and
probably three. One of the victims was
John Luxton, who leaves a widow and
three children.
Park Around, a Depot.
ROSS STATION, Dec. 10.— J. B. Stetson,
president of the North Pacific Coast Rail
road, is about to make extensive improve
ments on the railroad property at Mill
Valley. He intends to have a park around
the depot, which will add greatly to the
beauty of the place. The contract has
been let to F. A. Brens of Sausalito.
THE EMPORIUM.
No Transaction Is Completed in This Store Until the Customer Is Satisfied.
CALIFORNIA'S GRANDEST HOLIDAY STORE.
#lOff"Af Enlarged and improved facilities for handling every holiday demand, nun- g%r%pM
OrwLWi dreds of extra sales people, and goods generally at lower prices than at any C##*!fcfw
dffE'e* V P revious Christmas season. The largest display of Toys, Dolls and Holiday Goods ri/COV
KmwEftY ever before shown under one roof in California. Several special sales this week twt,nT
mßM***M'w °f more tnan usual interest, notably the silver trimmed G assware, Cloak and Mil- ■•«-*»«^
NIGHT* linery Sales. NIGHT*
SPECIAL HOLIDAY SALE.
FINE TABLE CRYSTAL.
-' To-morrow and while the lot lasts we offer at the greatly re-
duced prices quoted below a large lot of beautiful glassware bought
especially for the Christmas season.- . -J /'I-:' •, ■. .
The shapes are new and unusually pretty, as will be seen by the illustrations ; \
the glass designs as rich and brilliant as real cut glass, and th c heavily silver plated
trimmings are -in the :r: r exact '. patterns ■: of the sterling goods. ,\, . ■ <& , ■
These pieces will make lovely holiday and very inexpen- B >^K j]as^
sive ones at the prices our fortunate purchase permits us to 3a?y3L laF(plg&
Brilliant Crystal Sugar Bowl, like cut, beaded ,• *;;«- X^j-^^sd. ■
silver plated rim and cover ■.•.........;............. 4>>..00 /_ jMi 'ham*, ij™
Bon Bon Dish, new and novel shape, .silver plated _« ' M£MyjMW%jl^
top and cover, large size, this week while lot lasts /OC Kfi^^l^^i^^j
■.:'.'■• Crystal Creamer, heavily silver \M%t^S&^W^^i
■ — "g^-^i • ' plated, beaded rim, this week *. ,q WlM>i^llsms'
' \L23&£aS-\ /~\ Half-gallon Teutonic Tankard, like vidlSr
I/I J!i Aif I V heavy silver plated top, 'very */ /icz '' * -, '
WsHimM I rich °" ly 4>*»od
C\>\AVl '/•'/ B',-j-inch "Napoleon" Fruit Dish of (^XSfeP>\
. ; |fe>~7)r^3fl /if brilliant . crystal mounted on silver. '• . '-: Jfae^C.^
l/YYxy wa/v^v P^ted foot, in new chaste &\ at ••. »»^^>\
wWs\J)£§^yl a " Celery Glass, heavy silver J«*l£s£3^§i!«
K^^o^^ 8-inch Sunbeam Vases with richly f^vAf^^^ :;
v> «- — chased silver plated rim.hand- * t . Q l^^^^^w^^^ %
■ some for dining tables 'P**'*^M^^^^^^^>^:,'
14-inch Jubilee Vases, new pretty pattern, sil- . *< /o I^Ss^^^!S^^
The lovely Cracker Jar like picture, brilliant crystal VsP^wflwvl^W
that looks like real cut glass, with embossed and -.-•_£.. ' : :
polished top - • *. w <f)O»£J ■•> • '•'• '■''■■
Boys' Holiday Clothing,.
Every boy likes new clothes.
r^L\j!' ' *' What gift could be ' more accept-
fjfeg» able or more sensible than a new
-^/^^^*Cs Jj-fijk suit, reefer or top coat? We have
'dUsL Z. c *&& taken great pains to gather to-
X/foit/^ a*£3L gether the handsomest . stock of
t^^ i^^^^. ' B°y s Holiday Clothing ever shown
/r^^^^JC,"^. here. • Many of the goods only
/) P* \ '^"mSßm^ arrived last week and are entirely
(A > cir^Cil^"^^^ new in style and get up. Prices
\ >=! ° A^"-^ (>iilfl&i nave never been lower for equal
I kh^pW^Wi qualities,
v^lipillf ' Boys' $3.50 Suits for
k I / ?A til $2*4-5, jacket ' and knee , pants, 1 for"
I-7I -7 i I m '-•a/viA boys Bto 15 years old, all-wool cassi-
11 / " * ') Wj meres and cheviots, all colors, at $2.45
/ 1/ » . I / I'll The pants of these suits have double seats
■IL^»>^Jli rz jfc^ J& Boys' Fine Quality Suits, all
yg- ZH^--<£*F" wool, jackets and knee pants, for boys 8
• to 15 years old, at special prices'. ,+./ nr .
..:.... ......... $3. $3.50, $4, $5 and $6.UU
Boys' Handsome Middy Suits, with little vests, ages 3 to 8
years, at $2.45 and $2.93. SPECIAL — We hava probably 100 handsome new 1- ,-
suits, wortii regularly $4.50. $5 and $6, the choice of which we giya you at. 4>0.4j
Boys' t^iddy and Sailor Suits,' magnificent new novelties, rich de-
signs, finest of fabrics, in velvets, serges, cheviots, etc., made by the best of chil-
dren's clothes-makers in New York City, sizes 3to 8 years, prices $7.50, * in nn
$8 and ...^.::.:..^:.t. :.:......::........... .'iiiiv.':.". :...;....:.'...........;.:....:. S>JU.UU;
Pretty Durable Reefers, of blue or Oxford cheviots, with round
velvet collars, good wearing chinchilla, blue, with large sailor collar, *-/_
braided, price of either styles if>Z.4t)
New Irish Frieze Reefers, dark blue, all wool, with large #0 at
ulster .collar, lined with* dark worsted lining, a reefer worth $5, goes f0r.... 4)0.45
Handsome New Reefers, in Friezes, Coverts, Meltons, Cheviots
etc., some with large velvet sailor collars, others in military style, special * _ _>,-!
price - --• ..••.: '• .....:.............. t .pD.UU
The Very Best Reefers, new Kerseys, Meltons, Coverts, Cheviots,
etc., fine imported materials, : made up by the finest of makers, richly * o __
trimmed, at • • $6, $7. $7.50 and 4>0.5U
Top Goats, handsome styles, plump values and fine fitting garments in top
coats for boys at $3.45 and $5. Finely tailored garments at $6.50, $7 and $8.50.
Line of Boys' Embroidered Blouses for holidays- now read?.
Millinery
Clearance Salem
The sensational Sale continues, assort-
ments still good, and never before was
fine Millinery offered at such low prices
so early in the — three months be-
fore the Spring styles will be shown.
Three months' wear at half or less of the
first of the season's prices.
' Short Back Sailor, fine French felt,
navy, castor or brown, this season's _ Q
goods, always sold at $1.25, special-. 5/C
Silk velvet-covered frames, already for
trimming, were $2.50, now.. * * _-.
./ $ \»O\)
High novelty style finest * 1 -.^
French felt hat, were $2, now ... $ 1 .UU
Latest style in Black Wings that .- _
were 60c, now- ..... ...........:......... -jjC
Latest styles in Black Wings that c _
were 75c, now SUC
Latest styles in Black Wings that — _
were $1.25, now.. /5C
Still have some colors, the Ostrich -^
Tips that were $1.50, n0w...... ...... 5Uc
Assorted Wings that were 50c, 75c Q
and 85c, n0w.. ...•.......:.. /C
Fedora Hats in all latest shapes and
best colors, all reduced. •
Trimmed Hats, best styles and makes,
all reduced.
Ladies'* trimmed > Hats that 1, nf .
were $10, now .'..... 4>6.UU
. Ladies' ! trimmed Hats that . * * n7 . ft
were $16.50, now .....:..... 4>JU.UU
Ladies' trimmed ' Hats that *t -» nn .
were $20, n0w........:.......... 4>Jz.UU
Grocery Specials-
Monday, Tuesday.
Grocery Department— main floor rear.
Telephone, South 59.
Fancy Eastern Hams, a superior f _,
quality, Monday and Tuesday, per lb * U2C
Babbitt's "76" Washing Powder, the
large package, regularly 10c, Mon- _ x :\
and Tue5day...... .....".............!.:.... V2C'
Bird Seed, plain or mixed, regularly 5c
lb, Monday and Tuesday, 4 lbs for .. ■-■].'- • ':>.
.............:....;.:..........:.........;.. 15c
Cox's Gelatine, regularly 2 packages
for 25c, Monday and Tuesday, per t/ _
-package............ ......................... IUC
• Pure California Olive Oil. large -^
bottles, regularly. 60c, for 2 days... 52c !
Indian v ; Curry Powder, Boz and } 16 oz
bottles, regularly 35c and 65c — iA _ : :..-
Monday and Tuesday, 30c and........ 45c
Liquor Specials
Monday and Tuesday.
Liquor Department— main •. floor, ad-
joining Grocery.
' , Table -f Clara t,' good , sound wine, - _
for the 2 days, per ga110n.........".... 25c
Yellowstone Whiskey, full quarts, reg-
ularly $1.25, Monday and Tues- 1 f '.■■'■
day $1.10
II Tom ; Gin.' Emporium bottling, guaran-
teed, regularly 90c bottle, for 2 _
day5.....:.. .:.;.... .:....^....:.. . :.......; 756
: " Full , quarts . Kentucky > Bourbon, on
regularly $1, Monday and Tuesday... OUC \
| THE EMPORIUM.
The Chinese and
Japanese Bazaar.
• Main floor, east side, rear. "■
. No other Department
store in America has a
/S^ bazaar similar to this,
' Hscl which visitors pro-
I? i; / nounce the largest and
j jMCtf? finest in San Francisco.
fflSjMM^ For that reason when
• W ivH V ' buying ' gifts, and for
fifWlfiii your Eastern friends es-
\ \ Y^«l<r\ penally, you should not
"V «$ JrVi» cX over l°°K this unique col-
Ittl^lJiLi lection of Oriental
U^flmm goods. Residents of
Wffm\f -'■ Eastern cities cannot
H^Jfl L obtain this class of
Writ ml goods except' at very
'/at /h/A high prices, and appre-
IWMIi A ciate them accordingly."
Jrf/jjll Hire are a few sug-
-JSiili gestions. of Holiday
- : ..;.;■ •■,. Gifts for friends at
■ home and abroad from this most interest' ;
ing department of the big store:
Ancient and
Modern Orien- Jt
tal Chinaware Hkl
Gups and Sau- . • ;
Bamboo,
Ebony and i^i&i) V&?
Lacquered j^j^S^'SSfiraJ
Furniture.
Cloisonne //- ■ -v^>
Ware. . * .'; : , : . ■ , .
Oriental ! Silk-embroidered Gowns, Jack- ■
ets, Table Covers, Bed Spreads. Handker-
; chiefs, Shawls, Fans, etc. ,
' The special sale of Ladies Dressing
Jackets at $} "arid Men's at •$2.50 con-
. tinues while lots last.- Only a few more
', left. Come at once if you want one ' at
these prices. ■
P fwolciGK* Itule Baza sn%
California's Largest — America's Grandest Store.
| THE EMPORIUM.
HOLIDAY FURS.
Our magnificent collection of model Fur
garments, in which the most advanced ideas ' ' :; j~± .
of Parisian designs are blended with the ex- - " - -^^^^^w
quisite workmanship of our thoroughly {f^iMliNilf
skilled American furriers, will 'be sure to
meet the entire approval of the most crit- 3w^
ical connoisseur and at prices that preclude V^ii^O
competition. The majority of our garments
are in designs exclusive with us. dC^^sljjf &l?^^
Novelty Fur Collarettes. V^'^^lHl^i
. Electric Seal, with 2 heads and 4 tails in front. $5.00 ?GoSwK *Sii4J
Astrakhan and Electric Seal 56.50 I^WWMM
Electric Seal, with gray or brown mouflon $7.50 $OAJ^lw
French Chinchilla .....". $8.50 XP^^j'lSJii W
Canadian Marten or Canadian Fitch ............... $10.00 Jr H lrV\V
Electric Seal and French Chinchilla....... $12.50 « ■' J f \\
: •(■ Novelty Fur Capes. „ t ./ o , a . vnvi
Electric Seal ; Star), Astrakhan yoke, 2 heads and 4 Electric Seal and French Chin-
biectnc Seal Star), Astrakhan yoke, 2 heads and 4 „>..„. «, K nn
tails in fr0nt. ...... 14-inch, $12.50 ; 16-inch, $14.00 c *' 516 - 00 -
Fine Baltic Seal Cape, 16 inches, with 2 heads and large cluster of tails in 1
■;:..■■, ;fr0nt...... I $18.00
h Extra CHoice Electric Seal and (Star Astrakhan yoke, with 8 tails around yoke —
14-inch $18.00 17-inch $20.00 .
: Extra Choice Baltic Seal, with fine black Marten top collar —
16-inch......517.50 18-inch .$20.00 20-inch $22.50
, Fine Fur Neckwear.
Canadian Marten Curved Boa, head and 5 tails $2.50
. Canadian Marten Horse Shoe Boa, 2 heads and 8 tails $4.50
• Straight Fur Boas, our own make, from whole skins' heads, claws and tail, $1, $1.25,
$1.50, $2 and $2.50.
Furniture,
Housekeepers' Delight.
Charming Christmas Gifts! Useful Christmas Gifts! Lasting Christmas Gifts!
Honestly Constructed Furniture! Fairly priced — in many instances specially priced
for the holiday season— in every instance lower priced than equally as good qualities
retail for generally. Here are some hints:
fl— ji^^^^ A pretty China Closet in which to store the choicest pieces
( JJ§£tT^^^«» of the family china — adds to the beauty of the dining-room.
i<T |r^ i ***'^W^ Here's one — isolid oak, hand rubbed, 5 feet 6 inches high, 2
f \**~~~~~tfs\ feet wide, glass front and ends.
', \=za^J^? containing beveled solid oak ~££=J^v
''i p^^^S^gp; shelves, double grooved, to stand /f%^§^^3^k- '■
\^liL*jJ: % your china or — worth fi"!&io(3§!3Sk\ '
I Pf^tl^ /* $17.50. Special Holi- <£q 9 C # j3CX2S'J
- *■*<(£/// Got some "home body" that you -' [jj iiiUv|/(vJ
$ CjiCi) want to make comfortable for a OvvAlofe'j
1 as *■ '^ /T— long time to come — buy a wicker i^Mff' "^^MJ^yw
i r~-j ' '% '-'ft rocker (you can add a pretty (tfiLiSOMM
li (>ss?"*—, '& cushion of your own make if you '''a_,?x!*@§P*
~. -I i i <^^^z_ I wish). The rocker in the picture lii|^^^^^^;!^^(»
iftnfi&tM^SJ^l) commends itself for its comfort, *£*iij§£<M^'' ] uLS^)
g^lJtmM^^—mi strength and size. It's shellaced WM~^^tii/fl
so will not soil easily. Have V f^^y^^L ' J/J
been sold as high as $8. Special Holiday djo »y/- £^^^ X^y/
Price ...... .^.. ••».....•.•.............•..........••.•.. 4" I*'1 *' **~ (l^^
Others from $2.50 to $17 — immense variety.
; •^ f tft*^^ !^ f^^- 3s >^^. A Hanging Hall Glass would be inex-
■ j^*^^^^\ . ~*--**S_- pensive and make a very nice gift. This
'■■-'■' '" 'J^^^f^^^^^^^^S. '■ ' one his a 12x20 inch French beveled
i'^//^ /" " /j/^'^%:^\ glass-— heavy carved inch frame with
/' ft %.A/ %, ;^tej_ 3 large brass hooks — worth <*• ~» *% r-
/^w :; '/f/'l ;; jfT l $5'5 ' S P ecial Holida - V Price - 4>Z.ZO
<^\^ <^m^y 's£ J^C^^f One entire wall of Furniture Depart-
V'-^^^^^^^r ment completely covered with Hanging
t *^i^ !^- - ' ~-*Z~*sf^^ a^ G^ asses m°H sorts of odd shapes
ii * s **» o»=o »=« *** and finishes. Prices up to $25.
For "YeDaintye Ladye," a pretty Toilet Dresser, ..... v
like picture, would be most appropriate— either oak g 3 ;
gg , or cherry, hand pol- _^?8!^. [
>«^ r=^ lX ished, outlined j fj^^^^^l
/f—~ A j French plate glas?, • Ali^ <';A\ \
W==r-M^7i» and should be *!:.. Hi!*''' At
MlM^^mh'iv' 1 ss P ecial Holiday \¥'4'//A
. /jllfV' t°Z $7.75 MM,
: • X^-^dy/ • Others in Birds- X
aaaa aaJk%/^ : H''' ( eye Maple, Hun- /***\ 'jdn.
J^iM) afl 1 9arian Ash, Oak "Vwy "Vte,.
Wr === = : =^ W ( \ Mahogany or Birch, P^^^PffpP^ifl '
\\ sister, wife or | _ tr —
I =!s !^e=^l!'^ ■ \ Fi^-s== sweetheart — * P
want you to look at ' -_^^.
• JiXiß^ 3 ' s^ our stock— all low 'J"* r^ s^
jjl^gg^- priced— any kind of \j^
'*^~ wood — this one is .
worth $B— you can get one, in dark rich golden oak finish, wide and &- r- f\t\
roomy, at the Special Holiday Price .:..... 4>D.UU
Solid Oak or Cherry Table— worth $2.50— 24-inch top with under- *• •* 1r
shelf. Special Holiday Price--.... .^) > t /,O
'■ Cobbler Seat Arm Rocker— either in' oak or cherry— worth $3.50. * < r-f\
Special Holiday Price-.....— ." 4) >.t)U
Special Sale Carpets.
Hundreds of rolls of Carpets in new designs and colorings, reduced for the first
week in December to prices that will prove a sure magnet for economical house
furnishers.' , \ ",
65c for 85c Tapestry Carpet. . 85c for $1.25 Velvet Carpet.
45c for 60c Tapestry Carpet. ; $1 GO for $1.25 Axminster Carpet.
QSC for $1.35 Body Brussels. 35c for 50c Ingrains.
Hundreds of patterns of the best Body Brussels, Velvets and Wiltons at prices
impossible to duplicate elsewhere. - ; , . :#. • '/■ - \
A Rug Special.
500 Moquette Rugs, size 60x27 inches, regularly $2.so— while the *
quantity 1a5t5...... •«.•.;.....'".■.....:..■...:'..."„•.... $1.50 )
CANDIES.
Candies made fresh daily in our own
factory, on the premises. ~ -
Finest French Mixed Candies, per lb -33C
(3 lbs for $».OO)
All Nut Taffies, per lb 25c
Caramels and Buttercups, per lb 25c
Glace French Fruits, per lb 50c
Fresh Salted Almonds, per lb 50c
"We put up our fine Candies in tin
boxes for country shipment without extra
charge."
CAFE.
Open daily until Christ'
mas from Ba. m . to W p. m.
The most charming lunch place in the
city, the most convenient place for shop-
pers, the nicest place for ladies unaccom-
panied by escorts, the daintiest service,
the line3t cuisine, the most moderate
prices.
Salads, Oysters, Hot Dishes, Sandwiches,
Cold Meats, Puddings, Pies and Cakes
from our own bakeshop— unsurpassed Cof-
fee, Tea and Chocolate. Orders taken for
all kinds of Pastry and Cake?. Ice Cream
best that can be made ; any flavor de-
sired, $2 per gallon, delivered.
| THE EMPORIUM.
Ladies' and Children's 5
Holiday Furnishings. v
 Lots of A«s 2
pretty, use- \\§] "^
ful and very **^*l ■*
acceptable . *&& ■'*
Holiday gifts \Jj "*
in the Ladies' ' _»X\ft*. " "*
and Chil- |7?) ' "*
dren Fur v r \jo \X\ 2
nishing De- i/fx \r^J • 3
part men ts. . tSrw LV /^\ *
These..., JS^hx)^- «■
are sugges- Z-^JuaT 1 - -L js&pak "*
tive. ' *
Ladies' ■: *
Wool Fas- -^^(^^fcil '•"•
cina'tor3, \^M b ""\\ 2
35c t0..53 ikM^B 2
Ladies' Nurse %
Aprons, v -^^jl'W'"- »
black or *^ -^^ ** . v
white.... . '\y&£. >»
Ladies' Fine Lawn Apron of all over em- '•.
br0idery............ ......35c *•
- Ladies' Fine Aprons, handsomely . trimmed 2
with lace, ribbon or embroidery 50c 2
Endless assortment of fine Aprons, 75c ■ m
' t0.:.:. .:. .................: .....:...SI.OO; 5
I Babies' Shoes and Ankle Ties,' all the '. <
c010r5..:.:. :......... ...J.......50ciiii:
Babies' Short Silk Dresses— blue/ white,: •
: pink .....;....:;..:........ $6.00 *
Children's Silk Mitts, 6 months to 6 '2
years— soc, 75= ......... ...... ...... $1.00 » ;
Children's Wool Mitts— 35c "'^
: Ladies' Wool Mitts ....::.. r .....;........;50c'rj!;
Ladies', finer lace trimmed ■ Skirts, $2.50 ? ':'2
Kt0:. .................. ........ .:..:....5i0.30^ 2
Ladies' fine Gowns, $1.50 t0..........55.00.>\i,
Ladies' Bath Sets, complete $6.00 f
56
SUNDAY DECEMBER n, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main iB6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS SI7 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In tfols city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL... ~One year, by mall. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
hEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Butldinft
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rift&s House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock.- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock.- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 229' Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock'
/.MU-tMtNT*
Columbia— "Gayest Manhattan."
California — "Uncle Bob."
Alcazar— "The Private Secretary."
Tlvoli— "Cyrano de Bergerac."
Morosco's— "Blacklisted." •' ' .;-'■ . ■>
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Gorrllla man. vaudeville and the zoc. .
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, specialties.
Glen Park— Mission Zoo.
Butro's Swimming.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Charity Bazaar.
Ingleslde Coursing Coursing.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Century Hall, 1213 Sutter street— Piano recital Monday
evening.
Ingleslde Race Track— to-morrow.
Rosenthal— Coming In December.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butterfleld— Monday, December 12, at 11
o'clock, Art Crockery and Ornaments, at IS Sutler street.
By Klllip & Co.— Wednesday, December H. at 10:30 o'clock.
Buggies, Wagons, etc., at corner Fifteenth and Valencia streets.
By G. 11. Umbsen & Co.— Monday. December 19, at 12
o'clock. Real Estate, at 14 Montgomery st.
Th|E CHRISTMAS CALL.
rOR the celebration of the holidays, The Call
will on next Sunday issue its annual Christmas
number. It is well known that with each suc
ceeding year these editions improve, but this year
the improvement will be more notable than ever. The
Call of next Sunday will mark the highest attainment
of journalism and prove one of the brightest holiday
novelties of the year.
A portion of the paper will of course be taken up
with a review of the condition of our great industries
and a forecast of the future that awaits them. In
every case these will be written by experts, by men
who are identified with the industries they describe,
and who, therefore, write of them with the authority
acquired from long experience in their management.
The moral and the intellectual progress of the State
will be given as much attention as the material
progress. Two of the most notable articles of the
number will treat of the growth and the prospects of
our universities. President Kellogg will write of the
State University, and President Jordan of Stanford.
It is well known that these two Californian seats of
learning have brighter prospects than any other uni
versities in the Union. This is particularly true of
Berkeley, whose projected range of buildings has
become the center of interest to the architects of the
world, and whose future home promises to be the
stateliest ever erected for the uses of education and
the advancement of learning.
For the joy of the holidays there will be many
article? of a light and sparkling character. The num
ber will contain stories by such well known and
popular writers as Anthony Hope, Bret Harte, Oc
tave Thanet, John Strange Winter and Edward Ever
ett Hale. These stories are in the best style of their
respective authors, and will make the Christmas Call
welcome to all who like the fellowship of rousing ro
mance.
Throughout the number from first to last every fea
ture will be attractively illustrated in the best style of
modern journalistic art. The pictorial richness of the
edition will be, in fact, one of its notable excellences.
No branch of newspaper making has advanced so rap
idly of recent years as that of illustration, and the
Christmas Call, by its half-tones and other styles of
pictures, will show what modern art has accom
plished in that direction.
Finally, that no department of joyous art may be
lacking to the number. The Call will contain a
Christmas song, distinctively Californian, written by
Miss Ina Coolbrith, and set to music by Oscar Weil.
We can safely assert that this song, by reason of the
beauty of its words and the sweetness of its music,
will be one of the permanent contributions made to
Christmas minstrelsy this season. By itself alone it
will be sufficient to make this edition of The Call wel
come into every cultured home and a delight to every
artistic mind.
TO STOP FAKE FIGHTING.
TO the subject of "fake fighting" and how to stop
it the sporting editors of the land have been de
voting considerable space. There is only one
way, and it is simple.
Every prize-fight is a fake, every prize-fighter a
confidence-man. The event and the calling are alike
illegal. By stopping fights of every sort no mistake
can be made. Then the fighters, their occupations
gone, will quickly drift into the channels of life where
they can be definitely restrained. Most of them will
become vagrants and be easily suppressed. A few of
the more courageous will turn highwaymen or bur
glars, and in due time be within four walls. Here and
there one with some dormant element of decency in
him will go to work.
There is no room for discussion, since in favor of
the prize-ring, with its "Gentleman Jims" and its
Simian Sharkeys, its frauds and its skullduggery,
there is absolutely not a word to be said.
A murderer who had killed four people was recently
twice hanged owing to the breaking of the rope. Jus
tice was trying to get in its work, although in not
causing the rope to break twice more it fell short of
perfection.
The Salvation Army man who explains that he
beat a boy for the purpose of driving the devil out of
him seems to have mistaken the location of that
devil. It was probably under his own blouse.
While the School Directors are figuring out so
beautifully that that money is not missing, they would
add strength to their contentions by displaying the
cash.
OUR GREEK TRADE.
rOR the fiscal year 1896-97 we imported from
Greece as dutiable merchandise books, bicycle
cement, chemicals and dyes, clothing, earthen
ware, fish, currants, figs, raisins, fruits and nuts, al
monds, honey, iron ore, leather, marble, metal, musi
cal instruments, olive oil, paper, cheese, seeds, manu
factured clothing, laces, soap, brandy and spirits,
sponges, manufactures of straw, confectionery, still
wines, bottled wines, manufactures of wood, carpets
and wools — all to the value of $648,173, of which Zante
currants amounted to $574,892, the importation being
28.465,611 pounds. Of non-dutiable goods Greece
sent us art works, antiquities, gums, licorice root,
mineral water, chemicals, fruits, household effects,
ores, manganese, manufactures of zinc, oils and cliff
stone, all to the value of $84,529, making a total im
port trade from that country to this of $732,702.
During the same fiscal year we exported to Greece
books, medicines, clocks and watches, manufactures
of cotton, fish, glucose, cartridges, hides, firearms,
locks and hinges, machinery, stoves, manufactures of
iron, ditto of lead, leather, illuminating oil, tallow,
vegetables, and manufactures of wood, all amount
ing to $109,923, to which add re-export of foreign
merchandise amounting to $840, or a total export to
Greece of $110,763.
Therefore we imported from Greece $621,939 more
than we exported to her, leaving that balance against
us in the trade.
As our principal import was Zante currants, so our
principal export was petroleum, amounting to only
1,250,000 gallons, valued at $95,085.
In Greece the petroleum importation is a Govern
ment monopoly. The tariff on it was 50 drachmas on
100 okes. A drachma is 19.2 cents, or 100 lepta, and
an oke is 2.34 pints. A note in the Greek tariff of
1885 says that the petroleum tariff is 50 lepta per oke;
the duty, therefore, is 9.6 cents per 2.34 pints, or 32.8
cents per gallon. On our export of 1,250,000 gallons
the total duty collected by Greece was $410,000. The
duty collected by the United States on the 28,465,611
pounds of currants we imported amounted to $569,312,
a gain to us in duties of $159,312.
It is obvious from an inspection of these statistics
that whatever reciprocal arrangements are made with
Greece they will be for the benefit of our largest ex
port, petroleum, and of her largest, the Zante cur
rants.
It further appears that if duty is taken off Zante
currants, in such arrangement the interests of Califor
nia raisin-growers will be sacrificed to promote those
of the petroleum producers.
Inasmuch as the petroleum industry is highly or
ganized and is highly profitable, is not subject to the
accidents which beset horticulture, nor to the varia
tions in the market which affect vineyard products,
and is an article of necessity and therefore assured al
ways of a market, to sacrifice the California raisin for
its benefit is a proposition that should meet with the
most stubborn resistance.
As we have shown, the Zante currant is a raisin
made from a grape. Wherever it is admitted to a mar
ket it competes with every other kind of raisin. Its
disastrous competition, when it was free of duty, is
sorrowfully remembered in this State. The record of
those years is written in mortgages foreclosed, vine
yards abandoned and every form of financial distress
that can fall upon a horticultural community.
No such necessity, no such misfortune, has ever
fallen to the lot of the petroleum monopoly. It has
known no competition, no failure of market, no
abandonment of its plants.
The raisin industry here has struggled from the be
ginning. This year it has tasted a degree of pros
perity, but nothing more than to sustain and hold it
together until another crop is produced. If that crop
is to meet free Zantes in the market it will not pay the
cost of production.
In this emergency the authorities at Washington
must weigh the interests of the Standard Oil Com
pany against those of the raisin-growers of Califor
nia, and if the principles of commercial equity pre
vail, there ought to be no doubt of the result.
It is not exactly correct to represent that the Zante
currant import is competitive with a California cur
rant industry. Though there are in Placer County
paying vineyards of the Zante vine, and the Thompson
seedless grape is a similar fruit, yet the Zante import
competes with our raisins of all kinds as a kitchen or
cooking fruit.
The problem that has been before our raisin men is
the use of their product in cookery. Formerly the im
ported Valencia and Malaga raisins were a table
luxury, used as a dessert, and their use quite re
stricted and uncommon. The task of the California
raisin planters has been to put their product in the
kitchen, for use cooked, as a dried fruit that carries
all the wholesome food quality of the grape. In the
kitchen it has been met by the dirty Zante currant.
The latter has been considered in our tariff legislation
since 1816. The tariff of that year put on it a duty of
3 cents a pound; the tariff of 1832 made it free; of
1842, 3 cents a pound; 1846, 40 per cent ad valorem;
1866, 3 cents a pound; 1890, free; 1894, \ l / 2 cents a
pound; 1897, 2 cents a pound.
It was only between 1866 and 1890 that Zante cur
rants became a competing import, and their competi
tion became disastrous after the tariff of 1890. It will
be far more disastrous now if they are again made free,
for, no matter what the tariff may be on tbe large
raisins, the real rate of protection they enjoy is the
duty on Zante currants, their most formidable kitchen
competitor.
0N EXPERIMENT IN FORESTRY.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY in his message to
Congress announced that the Forestry Bureau
of the Department of Agriculture "is giving
special attention to the treeless area of the regions of
the country, and is introducing species especially
adapted to the semi-arid districts. Forest fires, which
seriously interfere with production, especially in the
irrigated regions, are being studied, that the losses
from this cause may be avoided."
This brief statement will have the effect of directing
public attention to what is being done by the Depart
ment of Agriculture for the preservation of our for
ests. The siibject is one of the most important that
confronts our lawmakers, either at Washington or at
Sacramento. Our forests are worth infinitely more
to us than the Philippines or all the islands put to
gether over which so much debate is going on.
One report that comes to us from the East of what
is being done by the Forestry Bureau is worth more
than a passing notice by reason of the promise it car
ries of future good. Early in October the Department
of Agriculture issued a proposal to forest owners that
they prepare a plan for harvesting the merchantable
timber on any given tract under the supervision of an
agent furnished by the department at the expense of
the Government, the only condition being that the
Government should have the privilege of publishing
the financial results for the benefit of other timber
owners.
It now appears that timber-land owners represent
ing 1,000,000 acres of land have filed applications for
Government supervision. In the report that comes
to us it is stated that 100,000 acres of the area arc in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1898.
the Adirondack region, but the location of the re
mainder is not given. This district is large enough to
make an experiment worth something, and the re
sults may be expected to be widely beneficial.
It is clear that if the experiments are to be made
only in the East, the benefits resulting from them will
be almost wholly for the East. The conditions of
Western forests are so widely different from those of
the Adirondack woods that results obtained by a cer
tain line of action in the one could not be counted on
from a similar line of action in the other.
It is to be hoped that California timber-land owners
will imitate those in the older States of the East and
profit by the offer made by the Government. An ex
periment of governmental supervision of 100,000
acres or more of forest land in this State and the
scientific harvesting of its merchantable timber would
be an object lesson in forestry that would be of great
value to the commonwealth.
MR. COLNON, REFORMER.
IN the last days of his term Harbor Commissioner
Colnon presents the most extraordinary reform
spectacle of the age. For four years he has wallowed
in water-front patronage. He has quartered his relatives
and friends upon the State in large numbers, and was
only prevented from converting the Harbor Commis
sion payroll into a directory of Stockton by the late
overwhelming Republican victory. Now, as he is
about to retire from office, he tells the Senate Inves
tigating Committee that patronage grubbing on the
water front is corrupting and should be stopped.
Doubtless if Mr. Colnon were cross-questioned with
reference to collusive contracts, skimped specifica
tions, deficient material, changes in plans designed to
enrich contractors, and the other devices by which
rascally officials rob the State in building ferry depots,
he would become equally as philosophic and reforma
tory. Doubtless he would declare with pain that such
things were fraudulent and disgusting, and that, like
the spoils system, they ought to be suppressed. But,
as in the other case, Mr. Colnon's philosophy comes
too late. After four years of spoils and fraud in
building ferry depots he suddenly awakes to a realiza
tion that-the system is wrong and subversive of econ
omy and integrity in the public service.
Harbor Commissioner Colnon should not in this
matter expect intelligent people to take him seriously.
If he does he is an altogether greener man than his
four years' record as private secretary to the Governor
and Harbor Commissioner would seem to indicate.
So long as the spoils system advantaged him he has
practiced it, but the moment he is about to retire
to private life, loaded down with ferry depot scandals
and a record of which a less respectable and intelligent
man ought to be ashamed, he suddenly reforms and
with loud acclaim joins the ranks of civil service re
formers and becomes a member of the church.
However, the people are not likely to fall into any
such trap as Mr. Colnon is setting for them. Four
years' acquaintance with him has satisfied them that
he is not a reformer, and cannot be. They will think
he is simply putting up a new job on them — appro
priating, as it were, the livery of heaven only to ap
pear later on with another office where, as a building
expert, he can take charge of another public edifice.
Mr. Colnon may think that in verdancy the people of
the State resemble those of Stockton, where for
years he has passed himself off as guide, reformer and
friend, but he is mistaken. No professions of re
form can now save him in their estimation from the
deep and impenetrable oblivion which ought to over
take every official who fails to faithfully discharge a
public trust.
CHICAGO'S THREATENED ANARCHY.
SOME observers of the threatened trouble in
Chicago, the feeling which has led citizens to
walk the streets carrying miniature nooses in
token of willingness to hang a lot of Aldermen, seem
to be unduly alarmed. Nor do they discern the point
at which reform should be inaugurated.
Said one: "All that is lacking to make Chicago the
Paris of the nineteenth century is a modern Mirabeau
or Robespierre."
There may be in this an inkling of truth. The pas
sions of the people have been wrought to fever pitch.
The rights of the public have been bartered, power
shamelessly betrayed, officials purchased as openly as
junk. It is no wonder that honest men say rogues
shall no longer rule unchecked. There will be no im
mediate, mighty revolution. The change must be
worked out in quieter and more effective fashion. Ex
pel the scoundrels from office, put politics into the
hands of decency, send bribe-takers and bribe-givers
to prison and stripes. In this is the solution.
Oddly enough, in counseling the citizens to calm
ness, statesmen do not seem to weigh the circum
stances which have perturbed the general mind. It
does not occur to them that there is a deep and gen
uine grievance; only that citizens are threatening to
reach a reckless extreme. It will not do in this
emergency to place all the blame upon these citizens.
They have been patient and long-suffering, but they
have been goaded to wrath, and it is a righteous
wrath. Concerning the policy of hanging a thieving
Alderman, it is unquestionably bad. The absolute
justice of it is another matter.
A wife whose husband had chased her with the
family carving knife appeared in the Police Court to
state smilingly that she had forgiven him, and was
surprised and grieved to find that the people of Cali
fornia, having been hurt in their peace and dignity,
had not forgiven him a bit. When a wife has not the
sense to protect herself, she should be grateful that
the law has more than she has.
A Kansas woman is in jail on the charge of having
poisoned her sixth husband. The merits of the case
are of course unknown here, and, while poison is a
little severe, there ought to be something done to any
man rash enough to marry a widow who has planted
five formers.
It is gratifying to observe that under its new man
agement of the Report the old trick of labeling the
first edition of the day "Fourth" has been discarded,
and thus that the third and last edition is no longer
marked "Sixth." But the other evening papers still
sin.
There can be no excuse for taking soldiers to Man
ila by way of the Suez canal save the greediness of the
East and its superior pull. As a matter of speed,
economy or health, the proposition is simply ridicu
lous, and the administration ought not to tolerate it.
Adjutant General Corbin could make another great
stroke by arranging for the Western troops to come
back from the tropics by way of New York. The pos
sibility that any of them may pass through San Fran
cisco causes great distress to the Eastern mind.
There need be no question as to whether the Cali
fornia soldiers returning from the Philippines will re
ceive a welcome. Won't the whole city be theirs?
Well!
There should be a law against the fool variety of
bicycle race.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
A talented newspaper woman of New
York writes to a talented newspaper
woman of Denver and asks: "What
do you intend to do about creating
public sentiment for purity of life?" It
must be remembered that the query
is addressed by one who has not the
blessed privilege of voting to one "who
has. The idea is, clearly, that the vot
ing woman has, in respect of the creat
ing of sentiment, an advantage over the
other. As to the regulation of morals
the ballot gives no additional power to
woman. Her influence must be exerted
through her individuality and im
pressed by the spotlessness of her own
life. If she votes to close the brothel,
two of her soiled sisters will vote to
keep it open. Let her be pure, upright,
teach her children modesty and honor.
Let her shut her door in the face of the
libertine. This is her privilege, her
duty and her only method of "creating
sentiment."
• • *
It is good news to lovers of animate
that the Royal Agricultural Society,
which gives the biggest horse show in
England, will hereafter grant no prizes
to horses exhibited with docked tails.
As horse 6hows in this country are imi
tations of those of the Royal Society
this benef ent ukase will doubtless
have wide effect, and result in visible
reform. The docking of a horse's tail
is cruel, unnatural, disfiguring and
idiotic. There is for it absolutely no
excuse. There is not a shadow of pal
liation for a crime so brutal worked
upon so fine an object as the horse. To
cut the equine ears close to the head
or to pluck out the eyes would be as
sensible and in the view of Cod and of
thinking men as forgivable. When I
see a noble horse, comeliness and
strength in every limb, beauty in every
curve, yet marred t" having in place
of a tail a miserable stub and futile
wisp fastened so as to point skyward
I confess my blood boils. A horse's tail
is one of its chief ornaments, as well as
a protection against flies and similar
pests. The process of removing it is
shocking, the effect inartistic and crea
tive of disgust. If I had my way every
man conniving at the outrage would
go to jail for a year.
• • •
I learn, with surprise, from the
Mecca, published at Denver, that Hon.
Samuel M. Shortridge was recently
elected to the Senate of this State. It
is a duty to inform Editor Clara Foltz
of the paper mentioned that the man
elected was another Shortridge. How
ever, as they are brothers, it is not
strange that so far away as Colorado
their identities should have become
mixed.
• • •
A gentleman named Fisher, a news
paper man, favorably known, recently
died after having made several absurd
requests as to the disposition of his
body. I was glad to notice that the
requests were disregarded. A dying
man has a right to the tender minis
trations of those who know that in time
they must, as he is doing, pass to an
other world. But a dead man has no
rights, beyond a decent respect, and
certainly any demand he may have
made upon the living to ignore existing
conventions and subject themselves to
remark or ridicule is so unreasonable
that with clear conscience it may be
thrust aside. Mr. Fisher did not want
a casket nor a hearse. He got both,
and by providing them relatives
showed that they had for the deceased
a more genuine consideration than
would have been demonstrated through
abiding by his whimsical dictates.
• • •
The youngest child of the late Jay
Gould has come into possession of his
share of the estate. That is to say,
he has come as nearly into possession of
it as his father allows. To be sure,
Jay Gould is dead and turned to dust,
but the skeleton fingers still keep a
clutch upon the millions they heaped
up before the great financier was
called. I do not believe that the prin
ciple involved in this is right nor wise.
If every man who by shrewdness or theft
gains a great fortune has the right to
regulate it to the end of time, there is
only a question of years as to when the
greatest thief or the shrewdest finan»
cie» shall have all the earth and rule
it from his moss-grown tomb. I re
joice in the spectacle of segregated mil
lions being scattered. I would like to
see every abnormal hoard cast to the
winds. In my estimation such for
tunes as that of a Gould, a Rockefeller
or a Sage have no warrant for exist
ence, constitute a menace to our insti
tutions, and the sooner dissipated the
better.
• * •
Writing in the Critique, a little sheet
published at the national capital, a
wise man says, and ■with a fine show
or scorn, that newspapers are run for
money. Observation forces me to a
similar conclusion. Not only are
newspapers run for money, but so is
everything else that is run. I suspect
railroads, factories, banks and farms.
Even the office-seeker has not always
in view the lofty purpose of elevating
the nation. At least, if there were no
salary attached, he would leave the
task of elevation to somebody else.
The preacher expounds texts for
money, and when the money be not
forthcoming, the text will remain un
expounded and dust gather on the pul
pit cushion." This is not said by way of
reproach. Things are so ordered that
money is a necessity. The fact is so
generally recognized, that the acquiring
of money through honest effort is not
regarded as a crime, save by those too
lazy to work. There is no apparent
reason why a newspaper should not be
subject to the general ambition. Its
proprietor has to pay for paper, news
and presses. He has to pay erood
wages to printers and other craftsmen.
He has been known to pay writers, but
rarely, rarely. Money means bread
and clothes and shelter. The money
for which newspapers are run means
all this to an army of employes. So
they ought to be permitted to run.
• • •
From time to time it has been a
pleasure to say a word of the Muser of
the Visalia Delta, a person identical
with the lyre of the same paper. In
which of his roles he is the more com
plete example of riotous imbecility I am
unable to decide, and consideration of
the question accounts for a lack of
mention recently of him or his works.
Once I treated him seriously, for his
hebetude is so apparent that I sup
posed he was a wise man in disguise, on
display for the sake of a joke. But
he takes himself in the same manner,
which is an offense. I wrote last week,
I hope with a proper respect, of the
resting place of the dead, venturing the
assertion that it should be away from
By HENRY JAMES
the haunts of trade and the careless
footfall of the throng. After quoting
briefly, this queer creature comments:
"I am surprised that Mr. James dis
plays so much feeling in discussing
this subject. After reading some of
his criticisms I had been led to believe
he was devoid of sentiment. Is it
possible I have been mistaken?" Yes,
it is possible. You were never any
thing else. Because a man in passing
judgment on a daily discharge of
verse so crude that It might be the
work of -a pupil in a school for feeble
minded fails to discover beauty there,
for the sufficient reason that no beauty
is there, no sense nor rhythm, reason nor
excuse, is not ground for supposing him
lacking in sentiment. It may be that
he is merely refraining from being a
fool. I confess to a feeling of senti
ment toward the ordinary dead, but
not toward the Muser. Where he shall
be buried, or when, makes not a par
ticle of difference.
* • *
Tesla has now so far perfected a mys
terious boat, designed to sweep annoy
ing navies from the sea, as to sell ac
counts of it at space rates. Nearly as
may be judged by a public devoid of
prejudice, but rather liking a faker,
this is the advance stage of any of
Tesla's schemes.
* • •
W. A. Brandes, the father accused of
the murder of his little daughter, has
only been in jail a few days, and yet
he has professed religion. The fervor
with which he prays is said to be a
caution to sinners. Far be it from me
to decry religion, which has taken a
strong hold upon humanity and lifted
many a mortal to a new life, a better
ambition and. a sacred hope. But it
seems to me the good there is in it is
sadly weighted by the readiness with
which a Brandes reaches to it for a
comfort he does not deserve, and a
solace merited only by the upright, the
pure In heart and the penitent. With
out any desire to prejudice a prospec
tive juryman, I am obliged to hold the
opinion that Brandes beat his daugh
ter to death, and holding it, can with
clear conscience, express it. If he did
so, what he needs is not the attitude
of humility, the voice of regret, but
hanging. Leaving out the fact that his
own blood was in the veins of the vic
tim, the man who will maltreat a child
is not fit to live. There was a case
in Colorado some years ago wherein a
girl was beaten and abused to death by
a man and a woman. When the people
ascertained the truth, they took the
pair and lynched them. As a citizen of
Colorado then I thought they did exact
ly the proper thing, and throughout
the State I do not remember that there
was a voice of dissent.
* * *
With a feeling of regret at being hu
man, I quote from the ascount of a re
cent prize fight: "Becker's face was
smashed to a jelly. Blood rained
down his face and filled his eyes.
Some of the spectators turned away
their faces to hide the sight." It may
be added that Becker at the time of the
writing was expected to die. So this
is sport. It seems to me comment
would be superfluous, and if such as to
fittingly characterize the brutes within
the ring and outside, unprintable.
• • •
When will the East arise to reali
zation of the fact that the Chinese are
undesirable? It is nothing in New
York, or Boston or Philadelphia that
the Chinese of San Francisco live in
defiance of moral law or written code,
that they are beyond the reach of au
thority. The Chinese here maintain a
system of slavery. Under it women
are bought, sold, held as chattels. In
maintenance of this iniquitous system
money is freely spent, conscienceless
lawyers retained, perjury committed,
murder done. Courts seem to be power
less. This is a large country, with
room for many people, but were it a
hundred tim a as lar c th •
leprosy.
• • *
Shanahan was not exactly elected to
the Governorship, but in Nevada
County he got one vote, and in some
other counties he did even better.
• « •
The society editor has a grievance.
She calls for sympathy, and not in
vain. It seems that she has at hand
a list of adjectives which it is her
pleasing wont to apply to brides. They
are lovely or charming or chic. They
have eyes dark as night or blue and
bright as the heavens. By judicious
selection among these adjectives she
had been enabled, in the past to give
each bride a proper send-off. She had
come to regard the qualifying words
as her own and once deprived of them
could no more write up a wedding than
a legless man could sprint. The griev
ance is that the everyday reporter, the
man who portrays murders and makes
a specialty of the homicidal young
woman, has coolly swiped these adjec
tives. His petticoated assassin is in
appearance the things a bride ought to
be, and that a bride would be if left to the
society artist. I suggest that the style
might be changed. For instance it
might be: "The bride had the air of a
woman just about to commit murder
and in her eyes, cerulean, fathomless,
there gleamed as beauteous a glow as
could light the optics of the fairest
maid or matron who ever butchered a
surprised and helpless man." Unless
something of this sort can be done, the
fashionable wedding will have to be
treated in the cold and formal marriage
announcements.
• • *
The coming back of McGlade was a
triumph. He had run away to avoid
going to jail, been captured and landed
in a cell. The officer who convoyed
him pronounced the prisoner "a perfect
gentleman." The friends who Avel
comed him gave him assurance that he
had nothing to fear. The human heart
is kind, and McGlade had been accused
of nothing worse than stealing, the ac
cusation being backed by indubitable
proof.
• ♦ *
While the people behind various
Senatorial candidates of the north are
bickering, the people' behind Grant are
sawing wood. lam neither politician
nor prophet, but to the extent of a
modest pile am willing to wager that
the south will bear away the Senator
ship as calmly as it did the Governor
ship. While others were dreaming
they were organizing their fight down
there, and while others are or
ganizing they have their hosts mar
shaled. Burns has no real strength,
because he is known. Some others
might have strength If only they were
known. Grant sees the advantage,
and coming into the contest under the
prestige of an honorable name, is go
ing to put up a race which will leave
the competition winded, and either in
the rear or winner by a nose.
• » •
The Providence which led Baldwin to
safety while his betters were being
roasted but shows again that "God
moves in a mysterious way his wonders
to perform." Nor does the undeserved
consideration 1 • Providence fail of hu
man imitation. Here is a man who
erected a death-trap, and who when
after inexplicable delay th"* trap is
sprung defies the authorities to remove
the wreck, quibbles with his workmen
as to the price at which they shall risk
their lives, and seems to have no
thought of the unshriven dead in the
debris of the sepulcher he builded for
them. There is not another city in the
United States in which such dangerous
walls as the Baldwin fire icft would
not have been level with the pavement
forty-eight hours after the tines had
been withdrawn. They stayed up sim
ply because Baldwin, who should not
have been so much as consulted, de
sired that they should stay. As they
rocked and tottered, shedding bricks
and metal, he had rescuers looking for
blistered washstands and cracked pots.
Probably on some lucky days he saved
as much as $11 worth of trash. This
city does not owe Baldwin anything.
For years his very presence has been
a blemish and a reproach. Morally
noisome, socially ostracized, financially
the bete noir of collectors, I do not see
why at thi time, when his personality
should have been swept aside, he has
been allowed to take command. The un
claimed dead within the Baldwin walls
have at least the right to respectful
deference. It is not pleasing that they
should lie and rot to suit the whim of a
querulous and grasping old man.
Send your Eastern friends TownsenrTs
California glace fruits, 50c lb.in fire-etched
boxes or Japanese baskets. 627 Market St.*
Three places at least are known where
green snow is found. One of those is near
Mount Hecla, Iceland; another, fourteen
miles east of the mouth of the Obi; and
the third near Quito, South America,
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
MOKI TEA POSITIVELY CURES SICK
headache, indigestion and constipation. A de
lightful herb drink. Removes all eruptions of
the skin, producing af perfect complexion or
money refunded. At No Percentage Pharmacy.
German university students have in
creased in number from about 10,000 twen
ty-five years ago to 32,241 last year. The
increase is out of proportion to the popu
lation.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It I
i g
i The Keeley Treatment \\
i will help you stop. %
1 The only sure help 1
) \ you 'ye got. %
I THE KEELEY INSTITUTEg, ; I
\ THE KEELEY IXSTITUTE3, g
S 1170 Market Street, San FranclßOO 5
2 • Donohoe Building. 2
S Lankershim Building, Third and 5
S Spring Sts., Los Angeles. 2*
' \ Fred A. Pollock, Manager. !£ '
FOR THE HOLIDAYS
Large and Well-
Assorted Stock of
OPERA GLASSES, FIELD GLASSES,
LORGNETTES, OPERA - GLASS
BAGS, GOLD SPECS AND EYE-
GLASSES. __
PRICES WITHIN REACH OF ALL.
OPEN EVENINGS, Beginning: December U.
14 and 16 Kearny St.
809 MARKET ST.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
_>£f**9raL GUARANTEED..
ff£Sr - i^TO TEETH WITHOUT
©28* 1 PLATES A SPECIALTY.
*^S *&*} jBEV Fu!l Set " Te eth, ex-
JnV l&£3* Y»« trading free. . .£4.50 up
»'ftj 2_Vl Go 1'! Crowns, 22k......... ■
y^^^L Fniingi.'.".!!.".;...25c 'ry
& ELECTRO DENTAL
MTC|^f<9jjtPn Suite 7. Flood Building.
S^S^-A^3taij/''3 SOS MARKET ST.
. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.,
Office Hrs.— 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.: Sun., 9 to 2 p.m.
Moet &
C^andon
(Largest and Oldest Champagne .
House in the World).
WHITE SEAL (Grande Cuvee) is
unsurpassed in quality, dryness and
flavor — NEW YORK TIMES. * ;
Use ' 7^l and
Facial Soap . Facial Cream.
Wood bury' a Facial Soap, Facial Cream and; ;
Facial and . Tooth Powder will be found ef flea- ;
cious . for preventing Wrinkles, . Freckle's * or
I chapping, cleansing and preserving the teeth. :IN THE WAKE
OF THE FIERCE
NORTH WIND
All Classes of Vessels
Moved Quarters.
A SILLY STORY EXPLODED
THE SEAWALL WAS NOT BUILT
WITH CONCRETE.
Repairs to the Seawall, Grain Sheds
and the Spear-Street Shed Will
Begin Early To-
Morrow.
It was moving day on the water front
yesterday. Owing to the norther that
raged all Friday vessels that were going
to Oakland and from one berth to an
other could not be handled, so the work
was done yesterday. Those that were
damaged during the storm were busy re
pairing, and the Harbor Commissioners
had a gang of men at work on the sea
wall and the Spear street sheds.
During the day the wind veered com
pletely around at Point Reyes and went
half way around the compass at Point
Loboa. At 8:30 a. m. it was still blowing
fifty-seven miles an hour from the north
east at Point Reyes, while at noon the
wind was six miles an hour from the
southeast. At 6 a. m. it was blowing
twenty miles an hour from the northeast
at Point Lobos, and at 3 p. m. it was
Mowing four miles an hour from the
west. During the night it is expected to
veer around to the southeast and bring
J;<in in its track. Along the Oregon and
"Washington coasts southeast storm sig
nals were Hying- all of yesterday, and the
pale is expected to work its way down
this far.
The following vessels that had to re
main at their wharves on account of the
storm moved yesterday: The British
ship Bothwell went into the stream, the
American bark Haydn Bro^n, British
BbJps Falls of Clyde and Afon Alaw and
the schooner Jennie Thelan -went to Oak
land Creek; the steamer Walla Walla
went to the seawall, the brig John D.
Bpreckela went to Pacific street, the
Bchooner Falcon went to Berry street and
the Japanese man-of-war Chitose went
rr..m Hunters Point drydock to the Union
Iron Works. She will have her prelim
inary trials on the bay next week, and
will then go to Santa Barbara channel for
fficlal test. It will thus be seen that
ell classes of vessels from the man-of-war
and ocean-going steamer down to the
liumble coaster were on the move yester
day and getting into snug quarters.
The Harbor Commissioners are anxiov?
to pet Spear-street wharf roofed over
asain before the rain comes. In const-!
quence a full force of carpenters will be |
r>ut to work to-morrow morning and the *
work completed as rapidly as possible. ■
Incidentally the employes of the enmmis-
Fion had a good laugh over the Exam- I
Iner's story about the seawall yesterday. !
According to the yellow sheet the wuoie I
"Vonr-rete" front of the wall from Meiggs I
wharf to Clay street has been washed I
away by ttu- storm. To follow up its [
Si oop the paper had an artist and a staff
i ( reporters down on the, scene yesterday,
but it is doubtful whether or not the i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE MERCHANT OF THE MISSION
-A.!N"ID THE
MISSION OF THE MISSION MERCHANT!
Pl DRAMA OF REAL LIFE.
DRAMATIS PERSONM:
MR. FEWCHER POPINLAW.
MR. AD- VISES STRAIGHT.
• POPINLAW — Oh, my! Straight, you should have seen the crowd of young
couples going to commit it that I saw last Monday.
STRAIGHT— Going to commit what?
POPINLAW — Marriage.
STRAIGHT— Where? .;
POPINLAW Why, at Pattosien's treat two-acre store in the Mission.
•. STRAIGHT — Y«»u are talking through your hat. The foolish crowd wasn't
going to Pattosien's to get married.
POPINLAW No, but they were going there for the furniture.
STRAIGHT — I take back the word foolish. They were wise virgins who
led their intended husbands to that famous store. I suppose you were there
on a similar errand? v ; : ,
POPINLAW— A .'hat! To get married? Not much.' It's my niece who is go-
ing to get married, and I went, on your advice, to buy the furniture for
her. ."■•■.-*,'"".■"-•'; ;■ /
STRAIGHT— Did you see the bric-a-brac there, and buy some, as well as
chairs and tables?
POPINLAW— Did I see the bric-a-brac? Why, if Cyrano de Bric-a-Brac
himself had poked his nose in there he would be tempted to buy.
STRAIGHT— Stay! Stay! If you get off such jokes as that I'll cut you
at the club. You found the place all right? #
POPINLAW— yes. I simply said to the conductor of the Mission-street
car, "Put me down at the Great Two-Acre Store." "Pattosien's, you mean,"
said the conductor with a grin. "What are you grinning at?" I said. "Why,
I set down no less.than six young couples there my last trip."
STRAIGHT— It isn't much of a ride out there, is it?
POPINLAW — It didn't seem more than ten minutes before the conductor
said, conductor fashion. "Hereyear; PATTOSIEN'S, SIXTEENTH STREET
AND MISSION." ' •
STRAIGHT — What did you think of the Great Two-Acre Store and its ex-
position of goods?
POPINLAW— It is a show
"WORTHY OF. TIE IMPERIAL CITY OF THE GOLDEN GATE,
"WORTHY, INDEED. OF THE GOLDEN STATE;
"WORTHY TO RANK WITH ALL THAT'S BEST
"IN ALL THE COASTS OF THE GOLDEN WEST."
STRAIGHT— What did you buy?,
POPINLAW— WeII, I saw a dining-room set marked in plain figures $57,
the exact duplicate of one s l had been asked $83 for at the High Price: Fur-"
niture Store. " . •
STRAIGHT— How about carpets? ■■•■_. • ' :'-\
POPINLAW— I bought carpets, but the grand thing was a magnificent
Wilton rug for my own library. My stars, it's a corker! I let Mr. Pat-
tosien choose it. I was so ! bewildered with the variety and beauty of the
stock that I stood just like the donkey between the two haystacks. They
were just unpacking a new shipment, and when I saw the colors I was so
Impatient I helped to rip open the bale myself, and I exclaimed so loud as
to make all the customers tui%i round and stare at _ me: "Oh, my, but they
are beautiful! You must love beauty, Mr. Pattosien, to deal in such glori- ;
STRAIGHT— I suppose while there you , selected some pieces for presents, .
as the sensible fashion of giving furniture at Christmas, instead of . toy
teaspoons, is gaining ground everywhere. ■;■ . ■>• .I ; v ' '
POPINLAW They had on the floor for parlor . furniture , such a lovely
line of beautiful and odd pieces, fit to show in a glass : case at the World's
Fair that I have taken Mr., Pattosien's advice and let him make a selection
for me to look at next week, 1 and then I'll tell you: all about It.
STRAIGHT— So you liked Pattosien's and their goods?. : .'S-v
POPINLAW— WeII,' I should say sc. I have furnished my nieces's flat with •
the very best goods for 80 per cent of what they would have cost elsewhere. /-■
I TELL YOU IT PAYS TO : TRADE IN THE MISSION. AT THE GREAT . .
TWO-ACRE STORE. MISSION AND SIXTEENTH bTREET. . ■>■;.,■"" :
BOUND FOR SNUG QUARTERS.
A number of vessels were to be moved to Oakland Creek and berths south of the ferry last Friday, but ow
ing to the norther they could not be handled. Early yesterday morning the tugs got to work and foran
hour or so it looked as though every ship in the bay was changing quarters. All sorts were on the move,
from the man-of-war and ocean-going steamer down to the humble little coaster.
pictures will appear, 'i nere was not an
ounce of concrete used in the construction
of the seawall from Meip^s wharf to the
foot of Clay street. Every inch of it
was built with rock from Telegraph Hill,
and the facing is in practically the same
condition now as it was when built. The
only portion of the front built of con
crete block was from the foot of Clay
street to about where the Harbor Receiv
ing Hospital now stands. Needless to say
that the foundation of the ferry building
is still there, and it forms part of the
concrete seawall.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
steamer Curacao arrived from Mexican
ports yesterday with fourteen cabin and
ton steerage passengers. She was be
hind time, but was detained at Ensenada.
Captain yon Helms says that the storm
had nothing: at all to do with his vessel
being behind time, as he did not know
there had been a norther until he reached
port. John Ena and Dr. Humphries, of
Hawaii, made the round trip on the Cur
acao and had a very enjoyable time. They
will return to Honolulu on the Australia.
The river steamer Napa City had a
peculiar experience in Friday's norther.
Her captain would not face the gale, so
ho anchored as close in to the Marin i
shore as possible. While the wind was
still blowing the tide went out and left
the steamer high and dry on the mud.
Both passengers and crew had therefore
to wait until the tide came in again and
released the vessel from her bed of mud.
It was this incident that guve rise to the
rumor that the H. J. Corcoran was
ashore. This vessel proved a surprise to
both crew and passengers. During the
heaviest part of the storm she stood up
against the wind like an ocean going
steamer, and came down at almost her
usual speed. She was very steady and
tbere was no vibration to speak of. Agent
Clark is more than pleased over the
showing made by the new steamer.
The steamer City of Peking, from
China, Japan and Hawaii, will be flue to
day. She was delayed at Honolulu to
take aboard 300 members of the New
York Regiment.
The transport Tacoma will be delayed
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, IP9B.
in sailing for some time, as glanders has
broken out among the horses she was to
take to Manila.
VETERAN PAID FIREMEN.
Steps Being Taken to Effect a Perma
nent Organization of Those on
Duty From 1866 to 1876.
Next Wednesday evening there will be a
meeting at 121 Eddy street of those mem
bers of the paid fire department *vbo
served during the first ten years—Decem
ber 3, 1866, to December 3, 1876— for tne
purpose of organizing an association of
veterans of the paid department. At a
previous meeting a temporary organiza
tion was effected with the following nam
ed as temporary officers: S. McDowell,
president; Richard Cox, first vice-presi
dent; Thomas Sawyer, second vice-presi
dent; George W. Kennard, treasurer, and
W. G. Cue, secretary. At that meeting it
was decided that the old boys hold a ban
quet on January 7, and for the purpose of
making arrangements to that end P. H.
Fleming, George W. Kennard and J. T.
Bonnifeld were named a committee of ar
rangements.
WHEAT MARKET IN A
SLUGGISH CONDITION
ALL WATCHING FOB. A CHANGE
IN THE WEATHER.
A Sudden Advance in Barley Puts
the Shorts on the Anxious
Seat.
Sluggishness and disinterestedness of
the outside public has characterized the
grain markets for the past week. Re
ports from the Argentines during the
early part of the week gave glowing ac
counts of the crop. Later on, when Ant
werp cabled its advices from the Ar
gentines, things were less encouraging.
This, together with a fair demand for
spot wheat at the seaboard and North
western millers also reporting 1 a brisk de
mand for flour, gave the market a firmer
undertone. Eastern interests, together
with Armour, sold December wheat free
ly. This pressure caused December to
sell 2 cents under May, as against 1 cent
premium two weeks ago. At 1% to 2 cents
spread Armour's brokers were good buy
ers of December and sellers of May. •
The market acts purely professional.
Large outside traders are doing nothing
and will probably not enter the market
again until after New Year's.
The marketing of Argentine wheat will
begin within ten days and may cause
further depression in prices temporarily.
January generally briu^a ...oo^.
conditions which control speculation to t.
large extent. The local conditions, while
not extremely bullish, are by no means
bearish. The drought prevailing, if it
continues, must aitect prices, ±..e Blocks
of wheat posted on December 1 are much
larger than the trade figured on. Sec
retary Friedlander of tne Produce c
change makes the stock of wheat in Cali
fornia on hand December 1 340,000 tons,
about one-third of which represents
Washington, Oregon and Utah produc
tion. Very little whe^.t is being export
ed from the State. Should good rains
come no doubt a large amount now in
store would go for shipment.
The week has'experienced quite an ad
vance in barley. December sold at $1 35,
against $1 29 a week ago. The market
gives every indication of being oversold
and seems determined to corner itself
very much against the peace of mind of
the lonely short, who draws a sigh from
the bottom of his stomach every time
barley is called up. He lives in hope. If de
spair results he can always say he took a
chance. Many are talking $1 50 for barley
before the "day of judgment" — December
31. Just where the tide of events will
land the shorts no one cares to predict.
By no means have the longs a cinch. The
brain of a ehort Is very productive and
he many times prets out of a small hole
and afterward makes matters interest
ing. The longs are taking the spot goods
with no signs of weakness. If they con
tinue to do so It will be all off with the
shorts. They will go up to the colonel's
office and settle. Many of them dislike a
Christmas present in this way, but what
can't be helped must be endured. Much
Interest is being shown in the deal by the
trade in general. The finale is a conject
ure. R. S. MULCAHY.
From Chicago, New York. Boston, we
deliver to all points Cresta Blanca wines.
Order Xmas presents now. Wetmore-
Bowen Co.. 410 Po: ': st.. S. r. •
DRINK AND THE NOOSE.
Timothy McQuaid, an Intoxicated
Hostler, Hanged Himself With.
a Hay Rope.
Timothy McQuaid, a hostler until re
cently employed in Joost's stables at 505
Gough street, was found hanging by a
bale rope to a beam in the rear of the sta
ble yesterday afternoon at a quarter to
2 o'clock.
McQuaid had been on a spree and had
been discharged the second time for
drunkenness. Delirium tremens and the
fear of poverty are believed to have been
the cause of his suicide. The body was
removed to the Morgue and an inquest
will be held. He was 56 years old. a na
tive of Ireland and unmarried. He roomed
at 600 Gough street.
Ladles' tailor-made suits. Fur capes, "■ cloaks,
credit. M. Rothschild; 211 Sutter st., r. 6 and 7.
<•-. ■■ ■♦ . — — •_-,; :. ■. .■
WINE IMPORTERS HERE.
Two Prominent Germans Who Want
to Introduce Local Wines
Into Germany.
Wilhelra and Paul Lehment of Berlin
and Kell, Germany, ■wholesale importers
of wine, are at the Palace. They have
come to this State for the purpose of mak
ing observations concerning the quantity,
quality and price of California wines.
The main object of their visit is to look
into the business of importing native
wines to Germany. Paul Ivehment is of
the opinion that if the wines of this State
can be imported to Germany at such a
reasonable price that a great business can
be built up Germany will become one of
the largest importers of California wines.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
MRS, FENNELL
IS BECOMING
IMPATIENT
Would Hurry Up Her
Divorce Suit.
DEFAULT NOT YET ENTERED
PLAINTIFF APPEARS BEFORE
JUDGE HUNT.
Makes Inquiry Regarding the Prog
ress of Affairs — The Fresno
Collusion Case Re
called.
Next week the default of Gerald H.
Fennell in the action instituted against
him for divorce by his wife. Mrs. Amanda
J. Marceau-Fennell, will be entered, the
case will be set for Hearing and doubt
less determined. For two weary months
Mrs. Fennell has been impatiently wait
ing for the fulfillment Of the requirements
of the law. As Fennell is not within
reach of service, his exact whereabouts
at present being a mystery, it is said,
to the woman who is so anxious to sever
the tie that binds them, summons was
had by publication. For two i.ionths the
readers of the daily papers have been ap
prised of the fact that Mrs. Fennell was
seeking a divorce. As a cause of action
she alleges desertion, and in the ©vent
that Fennell fails to make an appear
ance, proof will be required simply to es
tablish the contention that the plaintiff
has been abandoned and is left alone.
Mrs. Marceau-Fennell appears to have
recovered from her attack of apppendi
citis as well as her nervousness. Friday
afternoon, doubtless feeling that her in
terests were not receiving proper atten
tion at the harms of the court, she ap
peared in Judge Hunt's department to
make inquiry regarding the progress of
affairs. She was accompanied by a
boyish escort, who acted as spokesman.
The escort approached the desk and in
quired if the court was ready to proceed
with the case of Fennell vs. Fennell. He
was informed that the default had not
yet been entered, that counsel had made
no motion to set the case for hearing and
that in consequence proceedings were not
in a condition to proceed. The youthful
escort, gallant as Chesterfield, assisted
the disappointed litigant from the court
room and the incident was closed.
Mrs. Marceau-Fennell has not as yet
made public her plans for the future in
event the suit for divorce is carried to
a successful issue. There is yet a poss'
bility, but an extremely small one, that
Fennell may put in an appearance and
spoil matters, as he did at Fresno, by
making it appear that there is collu
sion existing between husband and w'fe.
Mrs. Fennell fears such an appearance
very little, however, and is confident that
when the case is heard she will again be
free. Then for the future. Will she join
the Baron with the difficult name and be
come his bride, or is there another suitor
whom she will make happy or unhappy
as fickle fortune mierht decree, or will
she remain the master of her own house
hold? These are a few of the questions
that are occupying a multitude of minds,'
but no matter; she who has linked hands
with three may in the fourth find a cher
ished ideal. Who knows?
r. h. McDonald escaped.
Suit of the People's Home Savings
Bank Against Him Dismissed.
The case of the People's Home Savings
Bank against R. H. McDonald, to recover
payment of $66 66 a share on 385 shares of
the capital stock of the bank was ordered
dismissed yesterday.
On August 5, 1889, the capital stock of
The bank was increased from $300,000 to
$1,000,000, divided into 10,000 shares of the
par value of $100 each. On the 28th of
September, 1891, McDonald subscribed for
fifty shares of the capital stock. Subse
quently he subscribed for 335 additional
shares. There was paid Into the treasury
$33 33 1-3 on each share. The bank failed
prior to the settlement on the stock of
$66 66 a share, and suit was brought to
enforce payment. Yesterday F. S. Strat
ton, attorney for the bank (for what rea
son is not set forth), ordered a dismissal
entered in the action, which was done.
Annual Class Dinner.
The dinner given last Wednesday even-
Ing at Marchand's by the class of '77 of
the Boys' High School of this city to their
old classmate, Dr. Washington Dodge,
was probaoiy the one to be best remem
bered of the many reunions held by this
coterie of schoolboys. For years they have
kept alive the associations and friend
ships of their boyhood, and when they as
sembled last week to celebrate th'^ir
twenty-first regular annual reunion it wlis
not only to exchange personal friendly
greetings, but to extend to Dr. Dodre
their congratulations at his recent election
to the office of Assessor of this city. While
it required the earnest efforts of those as
sembled to do full justice to the excellent
repast set before them, they still found
time to revive old schoolboy tricks and
stories and to maintain a continued run of
hilarity until early morn.
Of the graduating class of sixtee-i in
1877 the following were present: Dr. Wash
ington Dodge, Frank H. Widber, Danic-1
Suter, Fred Baruch, William Greenebaum
Thomas T. Fraser, Louis Straus, Robert
R. Vail. Henry S. Manheim, Henry M
Block and William H. Wiggins Jr. *
A Woman's Xmas Gift.
Sensible people will not buy knicknacks
for Xmas presents. A handsome tailor
suit or a jacket is the thing to buy. A
good place to leave orders Is E. Messager
corner Post street and Grant avenue. • '
HE WILL NOT
GIVE UP THE
WEDDING DOT
Harold Courtenay on
Record.
FRANCIS CUTTING'S SUIT
SEEKS AN ACCOUNTING WITH
HIS SON-IN-LAW.
Avers He Has Expended a Fortune
on His Insane Daughter and
Now He Seeks to
Recover.
While Isabella S. Courtenay, daughter
of Francis Cutting, the millionaire packer,
wanders aimlessly through her rooms in
New York, a mental wreck, under the
watchful eye of a woman who claims to
be her legally appointed guardian, Mary
N. Patterson, her father and her husband,
Harold Courtenay, are occupying many of
the passing hours preparing to battle in
court for the estate of the unfortunate
young woman that was placed in her
hands when she became a bride. Not
many weeks ago Francis Cutting made
appearance as plaintiff in an action in
which his daughter, her husband and
Mary N. Patterson appeared as defend
ants. In the action he asked that a re
ceiver be appointed to take possession of
the estate named, which consists of stock
in an Arizona railroad company; that the
court determine how much of the stock
still remained in his hands, and that the
proceeds .from the estate be applied to
the payment of a claim he held against
the defendants for the sum of 417,500, for
moneys expended on behalf of his daugh
ter over and above the income of the
stock in question.
Harold Courtenay was married to the
plaintiff's daughter in New York on De
cember 31, 1891. On the day of the wed
ding Mr. Cutting, wishing to provide for
his daughter and son-in-law, set aside for
their benefit the stock mentioned by the
following instrument:
Whereas, a marriage has been arranged and
is about to be had between my daughter Isa
bella S. Cutting and Harold Courtenay, and
whereas, I am desirous of making provision
for her support and for the support of her hus
band and any family they may have.
Now, therefore, I, Francis Cutting, of the
city of San Francisco, State of California, do
hereby certify and declare that I hold in my
possession and have set aside for the account
of my said daughter, Isabella S. Cutting, fifty
bonds of the Maricopa and Phoenix liailroad
Company of the Territory of Arizona, and out
of the income and interest thereof. I undertake
and promise to pay the sum of $2500 per annum
in equal monthly payments, to her, my said
daughter, her husband and their family,- so
long as my said daughter and said Harold
Courtenay. if married, shall live in amicable
relations with each other. I reserve in myself
the power and right from time to time, in
my discretion, to substitute any other bonds
or sureties of the par value of $00,000 in place
of the bonds above specified, the income or in
terest therefrom, to the amount of $2500 per
annum, 1 undertake and agree to pay and ap
ply as hereinbefore stated.
In case of the death of my (laughter I under
take to deliver to her executor or administra
tor such bonds and securities as I shall at such
time have set apart for the purpose herein
declared.
The income guaranteed by the then
contented father of the bride was paid
from month to month without demur
Finally Courtenay ceased, to live with hit
wife. Her father was informed that her
mind was becoming clouded, and that slio
had been placed in care of competent phy
sicians. Courtenay still held the stock
and with the income from it cared for his
unfortunate wife. Finally she was placed
in the care of Mary N. Patterson and not
long since Mr. Cutting complained of the
drain upon his purse. Although the in
come of his daughter and son-in-law was
not small, he avers that at the direcuon
of the Patterson woman he paid out on
behalf of his daughter the sum of $17,500.
Then came a time when he saw fit to put
an end to the drain, and he began suit as
above stated to recover for the amounts
expended.
Yesterday Courtenay filed his answer in
the Superior Court to the complaint of
his father-in-law. Contrary to the pro
visions of the instrument by which Cut
ting guaranteed his children the annual
income of $2500, Courtenay admits that he
is not living with his wife, but defends
his course by citing the fact that his wife
is not mentally competent, is unable to
care for herself, her business or the busi
ness of others. Just a week after their
marriage, Courtenay alleges, his wife's
mind began to fail, and he placed her in
the Home for the Feeble Minded. As she
did not improve he took her from the in
stitution and placed her in the care of
Mary N. Patterson, in hopes that her
care, treatment and attention would re
store his wife's reason. As to the alle
gation that since that time Cutting has
paid out $17,500 on behalf of his wife, he
states that he has no information on the
subject, and as a matter of law denies
It. In conclusion, like the plaintiff, he
asks lat a receiver be appointed and an
accounting had. but in opoosition to the
prayer set forth in Cutting's complaint
he asks that the court direct the receiver
to pay him personally the income from
the railroad stock, instead of applying it
to the alleged account held by Cutting, as
he avers that by virtue of the agreement
he is still entitled to the income, as the
unfortunate condition of his wife has not
Invalidated the instrument conferring the
marriage dotal.
OCEAN VIEW'S TROUBLES.
The Burg by the Sea Complains of
Official Neglect.
Ocean View, that little "burg" by the
big sea, is in ' the dumps, so to speak. In
other words, , the j residents and property
owners "are ' not overpleased with the con
duct of the municipal authorities, particu
larly the Supervisors. :
It is set up as a cause of grievance that
the streets are neglected, there is a • lack
of sewerage, scarcity of jg electric lights,
and last, but by no means least, a woeful
scarcity of water for domestic purposes.
Between the inattention of the Supervis
ors and the \ Spring Valley : Water Com
pany there are no mains laid in th« streets
at which the s houses can be supplied. A
■milar neglect is apparent in the lack of
hydrants along the streets most inhabited."
In case of a tire on. any of those outside
streets nothing can be done by. th^ Fire
Department L Because there are . no ; hy
drants available. ,: In consequence of • this
condition of affairs premium on insurance
is so high that very, few -of the poor pec -
ple can afford to - protect their homes by
insurance. tif^ ■.>■■.■.■••. ; ■■■;•..■■ ;,: '• K. ■ ■•>■•
B The Improvement Club for Ocean View
has repeatedly petitioned to have these
needs supplied, but so far no attention has
been paid to the plaint further than that
made by .:- the candidates . who biennially
visit ■ Ocean . View when ' ' in search , of.
votes. .' Then - all - manner of j promises are
made and exchanged, only to be forgotten
after election day. It was promised to the
innocent voters . at one time that • a road
way would be constructed from | Ingl^si^ie
through their burg to : Mission road". But.
notwithstanding the ; necessity for such : a
thoroughfare, it is as far away, from com
pletion to-day ■as it was in • the fall of .'49
or the spring of '50. f- ; . • ; }
As soon as the new city officials tike
their.; seats » another and. if possible, a
stronger plea will be made to have a nor
tion of the public ! money expended In the
improvement of : Ocean View. -j
■ » ■
Attachments Filed.
The First National Bank of Oakland
yesterday filed thirteen attachments in
the Sheriff's office against George P.
Morrow & Company, hay and grain com
mission merchants, doing business on Clay
street. The attachments cover an indebt
edness to the bank of $2400 advanced on
overdrafts.
VWhitehat" McCarthy has got back
Into the courts again in a suit brought
against H. G. Lapham, the Eddy-street
liveryman, to replevin a string of horses
valued at $7500 held by Lapham for
moneys alleged to be due by McCarthy for
feed.
ADVEBTIS£M£NTS.
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
I The Great Fire Sale !
® " : -~At — %
(g) ' ■ - . ' ■ ' . " ®'
® S ■■■■■ vßnnßnHHi ®
® < ©
I pi E|TU|tK\ I
I 924 to 930 Market St. 5
® ©
1 THE TALK OF TH E TOWN! 1
® 9
® The most remarkable and successful Clothing ©
® Sale ever held in San Francisco. ®
® $100,000 worth of Men's, Boys' and Children's ®\
I Clothing, Hats and Furnishing Goods slightly %
® damaged by ; ' ®
I SMOKE MR WA TER I
® ®
® Must be 'sacrificed to be disposed of. Sale will continue ©
I Monday morning at 9 o'clock, and every day until ®
® the entire stock is disposed of. ®
® ®
® Men's Cassimere and Tweed Suits ....... . . £S Jm / ®
1 Men's Cheviot Suits &2 m 0 5 ®
I Men's Blue and Black Worsted 5uit5....... +& 4.05 ®
* Men's Blue, Black and Gray Kersey Overcoats. 4.45 ®
® Boys' Reefer and Josie Suits, double breasted ....... 9§ C %
® ; ' 1 f\^ ®
® Men's Derby Hat 5 .:........ / liC ®
® @
® Men's Merino Undershirts and Drawers. /OC ®
® ®
I TtlM PALP WIN . I
I CILOTHIERS. I
® \_/^^*^ fTI-ClTOy®.
® 924 to 930 Market Street, ( |
i BALDWIN ANNEX. ®
® ' Telephone Main 5654. Mail Orders Filled. / ®
®®®® ® ® ® ®® ® ® ,® ®®. ©®®' ® ® ® ®®® ® ® ®® ® ®
THE LAW OF
LIBEL ARGUED
ELABORATELY
Responsibility of an
Absent Publisher.
SPRECKELS AGAINST HEARST
MANY AUTHORITIES WERE
QUOTED.
Judge Mogan, After Listening to
Five Hours' Argument, Finally
Takes the Case Under
Advisement.
The arguments of counsel in the libel
case of Claus Spreckels against "W. R.
Hearst of the Examiner were made be
fore Judge Mogan yesterday, and they
occupied the attention of the Judge for
nearly five hours.
Attorney Grove L. Johnson appeared for
the prosecution and the defendant was
represented by Garret MCEneVney. Both
had stacks of law books in front of them,
and elaborate quotations were made from
them. Every point bearing upon the law
of libel was argued pro and con, and the
Judge has a host of decisions to look over
before rendering his decision.
Attorney Johnson, in his opening argu
ment, characterized the article com
plained of as "the most baseless, most
atrocious and most contemptible libel
that could be compressed in so few words
in the English language." He argued
that section 253 of the Penal Code, which
provides that "each author, editor or pro
prietor of a book, newspaper or serial ia
chargeable with the publication," clearly
made the defendant responsible for the
libel, although it was published without
his knowledge or consent or during his
absence. He read numerous decisions and
opinions in support of his contention.
Attorney McEnerney argued that there
must be malicious intent to injure or de
fame, which was lacking in this case. A
man could not be held guilty of a wrong
ful motive unless cognizant of the act,
and there was no evidence that the de
fendant intended to injure Mr. Spreckels.
He also argued that the meaning of sec
tion 253 of the Penal Code was that the
author, editor or proprietor was prima
facie chargeable. The decisions of courts
in different States and in England were
quoted to back up his argument, and he
moved that the case be dismissed.
In clpsing Attorney Johnson saitl his
learned friend wanted the Judge to
change the meaning of section 253 of the
Penal Code, but that could only be done
by the Legislature, and the Judge had to
take the law as it stood. The crucial
point was, Did the defendant publish the
libel? and there was no difference of opin
ion on that point. It would not do for
the defendant to come hypocritically into
court, play the "baby act" and say that
he was in New York when the libel was
published, and throw the blame of its
publication upon a reporter. He was the
publisher of the paper and must stand
the consequences. In conclusion Mr.
Johnson said:
"Let it not be a reproach upon Califor
nia that a man owning a newspaper here
can live in New York, publish atrocious
articles against the best citizens of the
State and go unwhipped of justice."
The Judge took the case under advise
ment.
ANCIENT ORDER OF FORESTERS.
Court Lincoln will, commencing at the
second meeting in January next, inaugu
rate a series of whist games for the mem
bers. The one at the end of the month
who shall have the greatest number of
points to his credit will be presented a
valuable gold badge.
"William Ede Company.
The William Ede Company, organized
for the purpose of conducting a general
business, was incorporated yesterday with
a capital stock of $1,000,000, all of which
has been subscribed. The directors and
subscribers are: Catherine Ede, William
Ede, Clara Louise Ede, J. C. Bates and
J. C. Bates Jr.
Unsjjrpassai in By our sys-
t 3&kn tern of pay-
too durability- ments, every
I - : family of mod-
V^f^ crate circum-
•*sjp*^ stances can
own a fine piano. We take old in-
struments in exchange and deliver
the piano in your house free of
expense.
Write for catalogue and full ex-
planations.
You/can deal with us at a distant
point the same as in San Francisco.
Clark Wise & Co.,
41 GEARY ST,, Cor. Grant aye.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
e>o<£o4>o<s>o4>o^o^o<^o4>o4>o^o<»o+o*
0 '.'--'.- ' ...:♦ -
* IN view of the largely increased £■".'
«> / demand for an absolutely Dry o
<e> ("Brut") Champagne, we take o
pleasure in announcing that after %
° December 10th, 1898, the price of g
1 POMMERY "Brut" > •©.>
0 will be the same as • <t>
1 POMMERY "Sec." %
\o' '■- : -- ■■■'./■ -■,-.'■, ♦ .
!-♦ Charles Graef & Co., £
% .. Sole Agents, $4
% 32 Beaver Street, New York. %
<$• -„.,•,. -■' ■  . .-, .'.: :,•.\ ■■ •" -o--
/>"*>v LADIES wiw not
It %* i DR. FELIX LE BRUM'B
*y|f a } Steel I Pennyroyal Treatment
) * lis the original and only FRENCH, -
M ■ C safe and reliable core on the mar-
y '■^ket. Price. $1.00; sent by mail.
m- l Genuine sold only by "
GEO. DAHLBENLiER , & CO., Sol« Afenta.
214 Keaxny «t., San Francisco. .
Qvim DR. JORDAN'S <**•*«
fggfjQ Museum of Anatomy
ngK\ ICBI HASISZ ST. bst. 6ti * 7ti, S. T. C»L
WWW The L»rfMt«filiklad!ntheW»rid.
I^Ml DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Lb^^l Co*tult»«l.n free. Trtu for Bmlc
W I (^Philosophy of Mintage.
Am mailed mi,
78
DODGE WIELDS
THE AX OVER
PHELAN'S VETO
The Twain No Longer
Stand Together.
A FENCE SEPARATES THEM
THE ASSESSOH-TO-B£ SEESS THE
AID OF THE PUSH.
There Are Advertising Claims to Sat
isfy an- the Mayor Has Disap
proved of the Only Means
of Payment.
A veto message written in an unthink
ing moment has lost to Mayor Phelan for
a period, at least, his erstwhile sole sup
porter among members of the Board of
Supervisors who were not tied to his
leading string.
Dr. Washington Dodge has deviated
from the Mayor's paths and to the plaud
its of the push is hurling unkind things
back across the line and swearing to get
even because, forsooth, the executive put
the stamp of his disapproval on a reso
lution of the board that would have
given Ower.s & Varney a 15-foot ad
vertising fence at the corner of Valencia
and Market streets. It is probable that
he didn't know •hat Dodge had that res
olution loaded, but that counts for
naught with him. He's mad and if •.«
can inveigle the votes from the confreres
he has formerly shunned he proposes to
overrule that veto at to-morrow's meet
ing.
It all started during the late campaign.
when the twain fought single-handed the
mighty fight against the cruel Republi- j
cans.
Through all the dreary months when
the Mayor's typewriter was kept busy
•writing messages of disapproval to the
wicked Supervisors, Dodge had been the
executive's one prop in his shaky posi
tion. It was through him that pulse and
temper were felt and jobs uncovered. In
the unanimity of "ayes" Dodge's was the
only "no" that came to support the forth
coming Phe!an veto and gladden the sor
rowing Pheian heart.
When the political fight came on the
Mayor remembered his debts, and with
Dodge on his shoulders and Franklin
Lane dangling at his waistband, stag
gered through the battle and pulled all
three into a safe haven for another year.
There were other things needed, how
ever, than Pheian influence and Dodge
Fpeeohes. One of them was advertising,
and advertising the new Assessor got in
plenty. FTom every fenc^and barn side
ehone resplendent the Dodge portrait.
It was more a caricature than a por
trait, but with its accompanying an
nouncement that its prototype was a can
didate for Assessor, it d:d quite as nicely
as the Simon-pure photos if Mr. Phelan
that adorned the- windows of flower-stores
and candy shops and the walls of the
Almshouse.
It is not out of memory that accord- :
Ing to law Mr. Dodge filed his statement j
of campaign expenses, an<l that it was
within the legal limit, despite the fact
that his fence signs should have cost
between S3tv> and J3500. and there were
those who doubted the correctness of
these figures.
Dodce proved that he could advertise ;
and stay within the legal limit when he i
started out in his campaign against the j
veto of his while master. The fence '
petition came before the board two weeks j
ago and was passed with little dissent,
hut came back eventually with the j
Mayor's veto.
Dodge, to the wonderment of his con- j
freres, was Inconsolate. and a radical
change in his daily demeanor toward the
push was noticeable. He was prepared to
be a good fellow and proved it by sug
gesting that St. Mary's Park fund be de
creased $75,000, to divide among those who
wanted a job.
Then he expresses] the opinion that i
that fence would be unsightly, and he was l
poir.K to ■ ght the Mayor's veto and he
began a warm solicitation for the votes i
of his new-made friends to help him
through. About all he pot was the laugh, !
and it is likely th;it when the resolution
com^s up on Monday there will be too '
many Supervisors absent to permit of the !
payment of Dodge's advertising obliga- j
tions by granting the fence privilege.
A CENTER SHOT.
The Bullseye of Popularity Hit by
the Central Dining Rooms.
Success and prosperity is now assured to the
new restaurant en Ellis street. The peopie are
r'.eased. as Is attested by their patronage.
Even' day new faces add to the familiar ones
at the Central. A dinner or lunch here, to t>e
tasted Is to be enjoyed: one good meal sug
gests another. A chef that could satisfy lleri
'itn or any epicure, competent asilstants,
daintiest of Korvice; everything bright and ap
petlzing: *;>otl>js3 napery; nothing lacking to
satisfy the -wants of the inner man. and appeal
to his esthetic tastes, at the moat reasonable
prices.
The location. H-26 Ellis street, near Market.
too, i« convenient, being: within one block of
the Columbia. Tlvoll. Alcazar and Orpheum
theaters, and lodge rooms of'many fratertlal or
paniz.-uions. Thi3 makes .-. a desirable resort
for theater Turtles Dad oyster trapper*. The
room? are well lighted and commodious, seating
t>4 persons at one time without crowding. The
empioyes are courteous and efficient, and are
not allowed to receive tips- They lire paid
ample salaries for their work by the propri
etors, Messrs. J. Bertz and H. Black, | who
dent believe in shifting that burden on the
shoulders or rather to the pockets of their pa
trons.
ROBBED BY A WOMAN.
Denie Smith, a Noted Female Pick-
pocket, in the Toils.
le Smith, a'ias May Johnson, a no
is pickpocket, was arrested last
night by Policemen Baxter and Purvis
and charged with grand larceny and
ncy. Shortly after 7 o'clock she and
another woman, who has not yet- been ar
■ D. M. Glo?ter, a recent jirrival
fr on M« - r ra County, and induced him to
accompany them to a saloon on Grant
avenue. While he was dilating on the
• if ul scenery of Sierra County the
Smith woman deftly abstracted his purse,
iiinK J-V). Oloster f»:lt her relieve
him of his purse, and he raised an out
cry. The woman quickly parsed the purse
to her companion, who made off with it.
irted ;tft'.-r hf-r. but failing to
<! I'<>]\re-m<-n Purvis
and Baxter. Just then tho Smith woman
- heeis and Bought to escape by
takiii^ refuge in a pawnshop near the
*< •■' •■ 'J --•* robbery. The officers fol
jmfftTd a:.'i placed her under arrest.
Swindled a Blind Man.
T. P. Harmon, an artist, was yesterday
t\v.f y . SS6 with the alternative of GO days
in the County Jail by Judge Joachimsen,
for obtaining $•>» by falM pretenses from
J< bn B. I'rumm. a blind man. who has
a stand In front of the Grand Central
■ ■ reet. Harmon n
friend of the blind man and got the money
from him on the pretext that he had ob
tained a contract from Hale Brotheis and
needed it for materials. Jt was ascer
tained that no such contract was in cx
i Harmon refused to refund the
money.
Park Music To-Day.
"I/Eclalse" .■ Hale
Reverie. "Sur I" Lac" Sellentclc
"Themes From the Last of the Hogans,"
with xylophone solo.. Braham
Performed by D. Wright.
"Croat's Patrol". ...*. ..'. Schumann
"Popular and Operatic Melanß*" Trenkler
Prelude. "Under the Redwoods".. Redding
Barytone 5010.......... .;..; ;■..;...
Performed by L. Klotz.
Fantasia from "Cavallerta Rusticana" .
Ma*cagnl
"Manana," Chilean Dance..... V rod
"Jockey Ga110p"..........-.... — .....:...Rlcordl
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 MUwlon.
1
TOM FERGUSON AND
HIS "RECORD" FISH
A Prolonged Contest With a Finny Monster and
Its Very Thrilling Climax.
T-\ VERYBODY knows "Tom" Fer-
M guson, he who caters to the vast
[ t community of thirsty souls in
J—^ this city: but everybody does not
know that Tom has been swept oft
his feet by the idea tEat he is an
expert fisherman. He was attacked
with the hallucination during: the re
cent fishing season and his friends,
Charley Fisher and "Marty" Lewis,
encouraged him. He was told that
the first requisite was a pole and
reel, and that he would save money
by buying a second-hand implement
that had been tested.
The advice was accepted and Fer
guson, after much dickering and
mental strain, succeeded in purchas
ing an JS outfit for US. Whereof he
was content-
Tom was appointed conmissa^y.
The trio drove to San Andreas Lake
between midnight and morning, and
when breakfast time came It was dis
covered by Lewis and Fisher that the
commissary consisted of one case
"O. P. S." (quarts), one case export
beer (quarts), one "hunk" of corned
beef, and one portion of butter. No
bread or fillings. Fortunately, the
lack of food was supplied by some
members of the Bohemian Club, who
swapped grub for corn extract.
her Lewis nor Ferguson could
handle a skiff, so Fisher supplied the
motive power, and the trouble for
the fish began.
At the first bite Tom nearly v
a back somersault into the v
but was eventually quieted and final
ly he hooked a fish. He was not only
surprised. but dismayed.
"My G r d! boy?, this is a monster,"
whispered Ferguson, "what shall i
do with it? This buggy-whip pole
wouldn't hold a five-pour,':' -
"Play him; give him line," shouted
and the excited novice hoiuing
the pole as a man juggles a br
stick, perspired and used robust lan-
I
"I tell you this is a record fish," he
SLEPT IN A CELL.
Miss Cameron Voluntarily Suffers
Imprisonment to Rescue a
Slave Girl.
Miss Cameron of the Presbyterian M.-=
voluntarily FjK-nt a nischt in ; :
at San Jose the first part of last week in
- • U.VB Y!ne. a Chinese girl.
from being taken out and sold as a slave
by her husband.
The girl notified the mission thai
I to be rescued, as her husband de
to sell her into slavery. Miss Cam
eron went to San Jose and secured pos
- of the pretty Celestial maid, hut
md. not willing: to lose the $9000
at which hin wife wad valued, swore out
warrant for her arrest on a charge of
. h rousing her of stealing $50. The
n it is claimed. Is false.
V. m Cameron, fearing that the husband
STOP MEN,_CABT IT OFF NOW!
a
which I pour in a gentle, continuous stream into weakened nerves and organs while you sleep at night
Do not all the bright men of this modern day agree that the nerve life is based upon Electricity? It is true,
and I saturate the nerve cells and all the vitals with its warmth— with its genial, exhilarating energy— which, as it fills the parts with its life, begins in one day the expansion, the
heaithy development of youthful power. Now men who feel old are rejuvenated, age loses its sting, and the feeling of youth is in every nerve and vital of your body.
/■,/::■;. LETTERS LIKE THIS PROVE lA/HAT I SAY. TOT^^
« -, DEA IR: Tt i! ?; wlth Pleasure I make known the results I have received from the use of your Dr. Sanden's -Electric Belt. I can truthfully say that it has about made a new man of me Since commit UQ^^^w^^rS^.^
25 pounds going from 143 to 175, and feel better and stronger than lever did. It gradually, cured me of the weakness and strengthened me in every way. I can now do any kind of work without feelTnTfat?fnlrf «nrt wi Jf ?« L2SZ
ana KSSS use 1 . SM&?B y^e^and^rove^t ?? SS?/ ff^^^^&£ &7^ucLT !*?£ . JSS.^ PI the ™™ WM^^^^^W^M^^^M
WOULD YOU LIKE TO BE A STRONG MAN AGAIN?
That is assured. Every man wants to be at his best till he dies. Physical force can be renewed. I can do much for you. Let me. The cost is trifling. Some men say a gold mine would
not buy their Belt. It is simple in action, but wonderful in effect Come and see me personally if you can. I, will- show you what it is and explain its workings. ' If you cannot call write to me for mv
book on this subject, entitled "THREE CLASSES OF MEN." It is FREE, and is full of truths that will please you. Call or direct , " y
F^f^ Z\ T^ Q A lNir^FriNl 702 Market Street,
*—^*^» nL# * • '^^fTe 1 JL -* M -*' 1 t : Cor.Kearny.SanFrancisco.
Office Hours— B a. m. to 8 p.ru.; Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 232 West Second street; Portland Or 253 Washington street- ' ;
Denver. Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; Dallas, Tex./ £B5: Main L street; Butte, Mont., 110 North Main street. -■.■ ** BU "' B^" ■-»"««.... ,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1898.
shouted, after an exciting rush of the
invisible victim, "I wouldn't lose him
for a barrel of Old Crow."
Lewis and Fisher courted appo
plexy in their efforts to refrain from
hysterics. They knew the caliber of
the fish and Ferguson did not. He
was in deadly earnest and a cold
sweat— the loss of his sombrero In
no way distracting his attention from
the arduous labor of saving the big
fish.
By means of much gratuitous ad
vice and shouting the tw< Jobbers
succeeded in preventing "Ferg" from
getting his prize to the top of the
C inside haif an hour. His great
physique was approaching- collapse.
when Fisher got hold of the line a.-id
yanked the "record" fish into the
boat.
n was not mad, he was wild,
demanding to be put ashore In order
that he mirht cool off by walking
home. He had a kick coming. The
-:er" trout was. oniy fire lncnes
long.
In self-defense he says that before
-tarted home that day they had
fifty pounds of trout and "there were
no boys angling in that neighbor
hood." all of which can be taken for
what it is worth.
would ball the girl out and take her
away, secured permission from the prison
r to remain In the cell with her.
Th«- following da>' the father of the
gtxi secured bail, and Miss Cameron
brought Mun Ying to the mission in this
city. The case against the girl comes up
for trial next Tuesday, and Miss Cameron
will accompany her charge to San Jose.
It is thought that the allegations against
hf-r will be proven false, and Miss Cam
eron hopes to secure the arrest of the
complaining witness on the charge of
perjury.
Jumped Straw Bonds.
Walter Nagle. who was indicted Thurs
day by the Grand Jury along with John
Bulger for an assault with a deadly
weapon upon Policeman C. M. Barnes,
cannot be found by the police, and the
presumption is that he has fled from the
city. While the cases were before Judge
Low, Nagle was released on bonds which
the police now say were worthless.
"LUCKY" MUST
REMOVE THE
FIRE NUISANCE
Health Board Acts on
Baldwin Ruins.
LABORERS QUIT WORK AGAiN
THXY BEFTSED TO TOIL TOR
A DOLLAR A DAY.
Burned Out Tenants Prevented From
Recovering Their Property in
the Debris by Baldwin's
Stinginess.
The Board of Health has given Lucky
Baldwin Just forty-eight hours (until
Monday morning) to abate the nuisance
he is maintaining at the corner of Mar
ket, Powell and Ellis streets. If active
work is not begun within the time either
charges will be preferred or the board
will order the work done and asses 3 the
expense to the irascible Lucky.
The stench that arises from the ruins t*
growing daily more intolerable, and is
deemed by the board to be inimical to the
public health. To somewhat abate it the
board yesterday ordered a large quantity
of chloride of lime spread over the ruck
heaps from which the odors emanate.
When the peremptory order of the
board was served upon Baldwin yesterday
he urbanely promised to r^llow instruc
tions at cnce.
Unless the authoritk-s apply some dras
tic measures to compel "Lucky" Baldwin
to remove the ruins of his hotel the
streets about the block will be obstructed
all winter. Laborers employed to exca
vate the debris again quit work yester
day on the ground that he refused to pay
them living waged and drove them like
slaves while they did work.
Early in the week the parsimonious
proprietor discharged all the workmen,
who would not ondanger their lives for
SI 50 a clay, and Friday he told those who
were compelled to accept that meager
wage that he could get all the men he
Deeded for SI a day. The men quit, and
Baldwin said he had laid them off tern- j
.;>- because of the high wind. Yes
terday a number of poor men who had
worked for Baldwin a few days gathered
about the wreck and the true story came
out. Baldwin not only wanted to force
the men to work for a dollar a day but
also insisted that they take only half an
hour for lunch.
The riggers who -were pulling down the
walls, in constant peril while at work, re
ceived $2 50 a day up to Friday, when they
were informed that they must accept 52
a day or quit. These men resigned on
the spot and many dangers from falling
wreckage still menace passers-by in con
sequence.
Regardless of city ordinances, the rights
of other properly owners in that vicinity
and disreparding- common decency, Bald
win intends to inclose the halt-burned
rooms abutting the annex and rent them
If any one is foolish and hazardous
enough to occupy them. The attention of
the tire wardens has been called, to this,
and it remains to be seen whether or not
they will enforce tine law and prevent the
contemplated imposition.
Baldwin is evidently taking- advantage
of the misfortunes of several of his for
mer tenants by forcing them to employ
laborers to dig out their undestroyed
property, which would have been recov
ered ten days ago had he been compelled
to obey the law. Nearly all the excavat
ing done on the Market street side has
been paid for by J. Edlin, the tailor; J. J.
Groom, the hatter, and Mrs. Seymour, a
guest of the hotel. The work done by
these persons last week saved Baldwin
over $2<Xj. and he showed his appreciation
by refusing to pull out the ton and a half
of iron girders which prevented the work
men from digging where lost property is
located.
Mrs. Seymour lost valuable jewelry and
bric-a-brac and hoping to recover some of
it she expended nearly $40 and got noth
ing. J. J. Groom and J. Edlin joimd 'n
employing a gang of diggers, who worked
all the week. These men were paid $2 a
day and they succeeded in recovering
some property for Ediin. Baldwin's re
fusal to assist them by having- the heavy
timbers and girders pulled out with the
donkey engine prevented any work where
Groom's 6tuff Is burled.
A letter, written to The Cali by Cap'ain
E. Walker, who now lives at 700 Uroad
way, demonstrates that no eff<,r: has been
made by the proprietor of the Baldwin to
locate nrfcsing guests. Captain Walter
says :
I •topped for seme time at the Baldwin Hotel
and had registered my name, but the manager*
of the hotel never raided me as a guest of
their hotel and never Inquired If • I am still
living or if I have perished la the ruins of
their hoteL
Next to my parlor was also a party for some
time, but his or her name was never published
in ' the dally newspapers as a. guest at the
Baldwin HoteL
I had room 155 on the second floor, and when
the Baldwin Hotel was going up la smoke I
was In Stockton on business. My loss In the
flre was heavy.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
It R. Vance of Vallejo is a guest at the
Palace.
State Senator Thomas Flint Jr. is at the
Palace.
Dr. H. N. Wenton of Haywards is at the
Occidental.
District Attorney Carl E. Lindsay is at
the Grand.
O. D. Colvin, from Seattle, is registered
at the Palace.
W. R. Spalding and wife of Truckee are
at the Palace.
Mrs. M. H. Dodd of Washington, D. C,
is at the Palace.
C. E. Hodges and wife of Stanford are
at the California.
Don Ray. a hotel man from Gait, is a
guest at the Occidental.
C. P. Crutchner, a miner from Nash
ville, is at the Occidental.
Capitalist Victor E. Tull of Seattle is
staying at the Occidental.
J. L. Hayman, a well-known horseman
of New York, is at the Palace.
Politician W. H. Seamens of Sacra
mento Is a guest at the Grand.
L. A. Crane, a lumber merchant of
Santa Cruz, is a guest at the Palace.
Martini Bolger, a prominent real estate
man of Wardner. Idaho, is a guest at the
Lick.
Gus Peterson and Charles Erickson,
railway contractors, are registered at the
Grand.
S. H. Wiel. G. S. Dearborn and L H.
Lapham Of New York are registered at
the Palace.
Attorneys Henry Eickhoff of San Ra
fael and F. M. Miller of Fresno are regis
tered at the Lick.
T. H. Lynch and Lee L. Gray, two ex
tensive raisin packers of Fresno, are reg
istered at the Occidental.
James Morgan Smith, a well-known club
man of New York and a nephew of the
multi-millionaire. J. Pierpont Morgan, is
registered at the Palace.
Lieutenant Colonel W. R. Johnson of
the Sixth Regiment, who is here from
Stockton on business pertaining to the
mustering out of his battalions, is at the
Grand.
CALIFORNIANS IX NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— Harry Corson
Clarke and wife of San Francisco are at
the Marlborough. William Brown of San
Francisco is at the Grenoble. Mrs. A.
Clarke of San Francisco is at the Nether
land.
NEW NARROW GAUGE RAILWAY
Lake Tahoe to Be Connected With
Truckee and Other Points by
a Railroad.
As intimated in The Call the first of last
week the incorporation of a narrow gauge
railway to connect Truckee and Lake
Tahoe is about to become a realized fact.
The articles of incorporation are to be
filed with County Clerk Curry to-morrow
and the work of building the road is to
be commenced at once. D. L. Bliss. D. O.
Mills and N. K. Masten, who are interest
ed In the new road and who are its prime
movers, represent about fifty per cent of
the stock.
During the past year the amount of
travel to Lake Tahoe showed the neces
sity of its being connected with the rest
of the world. At present the only means
of travel is a stage line, and this has
proved Inadequate to handle the traffic. A
partial survey of the road has been made
and it will follow iis nearly as possible the
stage route.
Frank Tyrrell Must Pay.
Superior Judges "Wallace and Cook af
firmed the Police Court judgment impos
ing a fine of $200 on Poundman Frank
Tyrrell, yesterday. While in the endeavor
to* impound a dog belonging to G. Tassi,
Tyrrell was opposed by the owner, and
used language hardly becoming a gentle
man. He was arrested and fined by the
Police Court, and appealed the case, but
the Judgment of the higher court also
went against him.
Since 1853 the United States Govern
ment has expended in the distribution
of seeds and in the promulgation of
statistics concerning them $3,476,802.
The cost of seeds and of statistics on
the seed question involves an expendi
ture of J150.000 a year.
You Know Your Weakness. You Can See Yourself
Losing Day by Day, It Is Time to Shake Off the
Serpent That Is Eating Your Life Out.
"I will outgrow it," you say. But I say you will not. When this awful drain has once fastened
its terrible hold upon you it is then too late to hope to outgrow it Long before you see evidence of
your weakness the cause occurred. Nature held you up as long as she couid. The beginning of your
decline came then, and nature has not strength to regain the power lost. You must have help, and that
help must come through the nervous system, upon which all vitai parts depend. You must check the
loss and restore the natural power. You can do it through the nerves.
1 AM ABLE TO HELP YOU.
Thirty years of my life have been devoted to the study of this weakness. I understand it as you
do your trade or life work — perhaps better, because I am in love with my work. I am fuil of enthusiasm
over the wonderful success of my treatment. I have been urged to greater and deeper study by the grateful
praises of my thousands of patients. I desired to perfect my methods so that no case would resist. I have
done it, and I offer you now the remedy which has made over 10,000 men grateful to me. It is the new
method, commended by every honest physician and backed by all the great scientific men in the land. It is
MILD, SOOTHING ELECTRICITY
PLANNING
TO MAKE THE
BONDSMEN PAY
A Cunning Job That
Promises Well.
MISSION SCHOOL ACCEPTED
GAIXAGHEB MAKES EXPLANA
TIONS AND A ROAR.
Clamorous Creditors Besiege the
Board to Urge the Payment
of a Grist of
Claims.
The San Francisco Board of Trade has
given up the ghost of a hope that Us
members will get the thousands of dol
lars due them from the plundered funds
of the School Department, and has taken
the first step toward ndns the bonds
men of the individual Directors for pay
ment In full for supplies, necessary and
unnecessary, that have been furnished.
It is also the first step toward :
shutting out the teachers, to the advan
tage of the merchants, frum a. p -
participation in the distribution of the
few t. liars that are now in the treasury
to the department's credit.
Into these two schemes the Directors
have either jumped with much alacrity
or are being made willing though uncon
scious tools b y the givers oi fat commis
sions for whom they cut off the Novem
ber salaries of the pedagogues, who had
neither commissions nor votes to plead
their case.
By their action at a special meeting of
the board held yesterday afternoon they
proved that either they stand ready tj '
! go, or have been beguiled Into going far
ther still in their devious course, even to
, the sacrificing of their bondsmen, that
the few merchants with whom they have
) done much business may be protected.
, It was a clamorous mob of gaunt-feat
, ured and hungry creditors that gathered ;
■ as early as 2 o'clock to wait tne open
ing of the meeting, notwithstanding that i
it was a special session, called to accept
the new Mission High School and to ao .
mo other business. Creditors why could j
! not come sent their attorneys, and among :
them was the legal representative of a
: big down-town supply nouse. who unof- '■
i ncially tipped off to a half dozen of the ]
; chosen ones of the board the fresh- '
I formed plan of the Board of Trade. With ;
; them the legal people brought a r&solu- ;
: tion which they wanted passed in order !
: that the one technicality tnat might oper- !
; ate against the success of the plan of the !
Board of Trade might be finally and le
gixV.y cleared away.
The good card at the racetrack delayed
, the calling of the meeting, but Bantell
i and the rest of the tardy party finally
i appeared and the prearranged plan to
i accept the unfinished Mission High
! School was introduced by the reading of
; a report from S. H. Kent, who was depu
i tized two weeks ago to arbitrate differ
: ences between Contractor Logan and Ar
chitect Shea over a bill for "extras."
: Kent reported that he found the claim >
; Justified in the amount of V>72 40 and it ;
was moved that the sum be allowed. Di- -"
I rector Head objected to the payment of l
I the award, but when it carae to a vote ;
he was overruled by a vote of seven to !
five.
Head changed his vote from no to "aye"
and gave notice that he wou.a move to
reconsider at the next meeting-.
The School Board representative of Clan
Gallagher s:ot in his usual speech in a '
kick over the Board of Supervisors «etting '
; aside $15,000 from the Mission school fund
i to pay for copings, curbs and pavement'
! round the new building. Gallagher con
tended that the board could not segre- '■
gate a fund establisned by the School Di- !
rectors, and he was only quieted by a
statement from Secretary Welch "that •
what was left of the fund was intact
Director Waller then came to the front ,
with a motion to accept Mission School
the acceptance to date from November 9
Bantell asked what the hurry wa« all
about, and why November 9? " Gallagher
answered that the board wanted to get >
everything paid up belore its lease of life
expired, and that the contractors had i
been ready since last month, and all
subsequent delay was the fault of the
board.
Head called attention to the fact that
the heating and ventilating apparatus
had not yet been put into the building '
but aller argued that that "didn't m^an
any more than putting a stove into the
building," and the question came to a > ■
vote. Bantell and Derham were the only
"noes," and Mission High School became
the property of the city and county.
Then came on the resolution that proves !
NOT IN DRUG STORES.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is never
sold in drug stores nor by traveling
agents— only at our office.
either that the Directors are being^woe
fully taken in or are conniving with cer
tain merchants at perpetrating the mean
est act of their devious career, cinching
their own bondsmen for the debts they
have illefaily contracted in open deSance
one-twelfth act.
The resolution, which was passed with
cut dissent, is as follows:
Whereas, several creditors, hereinafter n*pf3.
who have presetted claims to this board for
material* furn-ibed la the respective amoccia
hereinafter set^crta. to wit: The Harry Ccsa
Company. 1215 12: WvckoJT-Seaisass & Bene
dict, fS73: United Typewriter and Supplies
Company. »5«6; Cunningham. Curtlss & Welch.
1*33 ii: C. F. Weber .-. Co.. $IS.IM 72; Payct,
Upham i Co.. OS C 7; which said claims w^r
la the usual and proper fona and duly veriae-i
and have been allowed by the Finance Com
mittee and a majority of tbia board and th«
president of thia board and the Hon. R. H.
Webster. Sop^rtntendent cf Schools, have net
agreed to allow the said demands, and said
s-everal claimants have appealed to this board
from the decision of the president of this boari
and the Superintendent of Corr.rr.zn Schools In
not a^reelc? to their demands, payable out of
the school Juni Xor, therefsre. be it
Resolved, By virtue of said appeal and sec
tion 92 of the consolidation act the said ap
peals and each of them are hereby referred
to the District Attorney cf - tbls city and
county for his opinion thereon, and the eal<3
District Attorney fs hereby requested to reni«r
to this board an opinion thereon and on each
thereof in writing as soon as possible, so that
the same may be read and Sled.
It Is a simple though aoaaewhal
biguous docurr
■ is as cunningly devised a =
as has won the admira - .
willing board. It means Btmply that 3
few of the favored creditors on the
of Trade are se-rking a legal and
opinion and a tacit adrr.
Board of Directors that their claims ar
bona fide and payable ev?n wl<
signature of Superintendent of School
wetater. This oplnicn and ::.
sion once gained, the roa.! I I
cleared of I - -tarle. ar.d the
bondsrr.-r: 1 , r .g.
NOT THROUGH TEE RED SEA.
Protest Against Sending Troops by
the Suez Canal Route.
The Chamber of Commerce has entered
a vigorous protest against sending: the
troops who are to take the place of those
now in Manila through the Suez canal, as
proposed by the authorities at Washing
ton. Yesterday the following- dispatch
was sent to Hugh Craig, president of the
chamber, now at the capital in the Inter
ests of the Xicaraguan canal: _->;.:
Hurh Craig-. Cosinoe Club, 1529 H Street.
Washington. D. C— Eater & vijrorous protest
with the War Depart •■ against the ship
ment of troops via Suex. S The Seat of the EM
Sea route Is dangerous la - crowded vessels.
The troops should be shipped via the cool Pa
cific. GEORGE A. XEWHALL.
Second Vice President Chamber cf Commerce.
•■--■••
Amer
ica bj - z canal route shoo]
be entertained for a minute. Soon
leaving New York, or any Atiantir
the troops would be under the direct ray*
of the tropic gun. and the mort
be something awful to contemplate. Ex
perience bas shown that compan."
lew deaths ■■•■ ■ urred to those whe
to Manila by the Pacific route. By
r the transports now at Manila an 4
gathering up what can be found on
coast the troops can be sent to the Phil
ippines at as little <»xp-ns- and far
mortality than by the scorching Be
route.
DAN CREEDON IS HERE.
The Light Heavy-Weight Pugilist
Who Will Fight George Green
Is in Good Fettle.
Dan Creedon, who wiii meet George
Gr«en before the National Club en the
night of the 30th ir.st.. arrived from the
Creedon is looking well, and says he
is in fine condition. He weighs 165 pounds
at present, but according to the articles of
agreement he is to tip the scales at 15$
pounds at 3 o'clock on the day of the
fight.
Creedon spent last night at the baths,
and will go into training at Croll's garden,
Aiameda. to-day. He will be handled by
Tommy Tracey, his half-broth- -
■ ♦ .
What the Filipinos Axe Doing.
The statement is made by those op
posed to -governmental j erpaneton— that
the native Filipino is a person. of low
intelligence and lacking in taste. On
the contrary no better evidence of good
taste could be shown on the part of any
people than the recent selection by
them of an article for consumption that
in this country has been pronounced by
all authorities as the best, namely, the
St. Louis A. B. C. Bohemian *Beer.
There has just been received in this
city for exportation to the Philippine
Islands a consignment of twenty-two
carloads of this famous beer by Hil
bert Bros.. 103 Powell street, coast
agents. This immense shipment/
amounting to 190,050 bottles, will be
placed on board the steamer Hupeh and
will go direct to Mr. C. H. Hilbert. who
is in Manila. This masterly stroke of
business clearly- evidences the business
enterprise of this firm. Another train
of equal size will arrive in San Fran
:isco in three weeks with a similar con
signment for Manila.
These facts conclusively show that
the St. Louis A. B. C. . Bohemian Beer
is taking the lead of all beers in the
islands. It is brewed by the American
Brewing Company of St. Louis.ALICE BEACH McCOMAS.
The Gifted Musician to be Heard at Cen
tury Hall.
A PIANO recital to which the general public is looking forward with
considerable pleasurable anticipation and interest is that to be given
this evening at Century Hall by Miss Alice Beach McComas. This
recital promises to the nuisic-loving public of the city at least one
more individual exhibition of genius before the close of the present year.
Aided by a natural gift for the interpretation of the great masters of
musical composition, she has perfected herself by indefatigable and as
siduous study in mastering the many obstacles which always and Inevit
ably stand in the way and prevent the most accomplished of musicians
from obtaining that ease and grace of rendition which can only come- from a
natural talent. In Miss McComas will be found a true perfection in her
art. Her repertoire has almost no limit. She can render the most classi
cal pieces with an ease that an ordinary musician would hardly exhibit
in the rendition of a light opera or a popular song. The programme to
be rendered at the recital this evening is in part as follows: Polish
Patrol (Kontski); Love Dream (Liszt); Moonlight Sonata, three move
ments (Beethoven); ballade, nocturne and polonaise by Chopin- Butter
fly (Grieg): Rigoletto (Liszt).
Among Miss McComas' patrons in this city are Mayor Phelan, David
Lubin, I. \V. Hellman, Marco Hellman. Miss Ina D. Coolbrith, Mrs \V A
Truesdale, Mrs. Frank Sullivan. Mrs. William li. Mills. Irving M. Scott
Henry N. Clement, Mrs. James Nt-all, Mrs. Marriner Campbell and Mrs'
Lovell White.
Every effort is being made by those interested in the extraordinary and
exceptional musical ability of the young woman to make the recital a
financial succes— a* it will be undoubtedly an artistic success— as a testi
monial of appreciation of her talent. The sale of tickets is unusually
large. increasing daily aa the time for the recital draws nearer Tickets
may be secured at Sherman & Clay's music-store on Kearny street or at
Century Hall this evening.
Notwithstanding the general interest manifested In the entertainment
this evening, society is all agog in anticipation of the opportunity of p i«s
ing judgment on the talents of the young musician.
FEASTED TILL DAYLIGHT.
Press Club Tender a Banquet to the
Artists Who Assisted at Its
Entertainment.
The Press Club entertainment last
Thursday was a huge success and the
members decided to banquet the artists
■who so kindly assisted. The banquet, it
may also be mentioned, was a huge suc
cess and many of the attendants are still
wondering just what happened.
The affair was set for 11 o'clock, or just
POSTUM CEREAL.
FELL OCCASIONALLY
At Church Suppers, Wedding 9 and
Parties.
"The minister liked coffee. His long
Babbath day's work was begun with a
cup fif the strongest coffee and ended
In the same way. Gradually the physi-
cal and mental machinery became
Clogged, tongue coated, dull headaches
and a general depressed condition of
the system turned his delightful occu-
pation into a dreary treadmill.
MRS. JAMES E. BUTLER,
Sheridan, Mich.
THE MINIS T ER'S WIFE.
One day his attention was brought
to the fact that the unsuspected coffee
was very likely the cause of his trouble,
and it was suggested that if he
would use Postum Food Coffee and
induce the good wife to be particular
to boil it long enough to extract the de-
licious ilavor and the elements which
go to rebuild the broken-down nerve
centers, his trouble would be gone.
This was two and a half years ago,
and since that time not a pound of
coffee has been purchased by the min-
ister's family. Morning, noon and
night Postum makes its appearance
on the tablo, and is enjoyed by all.
With the departure of coffee went the
minister's bad feelings, and with the
coming of Postum came a feeling of
exhilaration, a better appetite and a
constantly increasing weight.
From the start the minister's Pos-
tum has been properly made, because
of the warning.
At one time during the absence of
housewife, the domestic, not being
particular about preparing Postum
according to directions, made it weak
and insipid, which we find is a very
common complaint among those who
do not understand that there is no way
to extract the delicious flavor from
Postum except by long boiling. Made
properly, it 1b clear, black and has a
crisp, pungent, fascinating taste. Oc-
casionally the minister has been in-
duced to drink a cup of coffee at wed-
dings, parties, etc., but many sleepless
hours of the night are passed in con-
■eouence. This is a true experience."
place the Thert°i the theat i«. and it took
piace. litre was to be pvprvthimr
wanted and plenty of it and this m" o
gramme was faithfully lived up to. Anyl
body who wanted anything from water
to champagne got it and those who aid
not know just what they wanted trot a
mixture of everything, 'from wator to
champagne, and were, perhaps, happier
wanted ° Th Vh ° did know just what they
wanted. There , was nothing forma] If
anybody wanted to tell a story sing a
song or crack a joke he was privileged to
1 . 0 . it and take the consequences. The
Inks broke Up at (?) o'clock and every
body went home happy. '
LILLIAN YOUNG'S
TOUR IS ENDED
SOCIETY GIRL'S STAGE CAREER
RECEIVES A CHECK.
Harry Corson Clarke's Company Re
ported Disbanded in Kansas.
Talented Novice Marries
Actor Charters.
Miss Lillian Young that was, ■ Mrs.
Charles Charters that is, the beautiful
and talented daughter of .General S. M.
B. Young, whose debut as a professional
actress took place in this city . a few
months ago, started on the road as a
member of Harry Corson Clarke's com
pany. She was followed by the good
wishes of a host of friends and predic
tions of great histrionic triumphs to be
won in her chosen career. She is now re
ported to bo in Kansas City with her re
cently acquired husband, out of an en
gagement and experiencing the first bit
ter disappointment of her life as an act
ress. The company is said to have dis
banded at Topeka, Kan., a week ago. the
reason assigned being the illness of the
actor-manager, ,who, it is said, worried
himself sick over the loss of a large
amount of personal property in the Bald
win Hotel fire.
Miss Young is declared by local theatri
cal managers to possess exceptional his
trionic talent. She was married to
Charters, who was also a member of the
Uarke company, at San Antonio, Tex.,
about is ovember l. The comapnv had
been on the road since the first week in
October starting from this city after
completing a two weeks" enjrairement at
nets C h°ui ef . ly Theat ? r " ls SakftEe f busi
ness bad been good, and no cause for the
discontinuance of the tour MnbeasSrrad
other than the indisposttton^S Mr Clarke
WERE REAL HIGH STEPPERS.
Southern Darkies in a Cake Walk at
the Charity Bazaar— Other
Features.
One of the most interesting features vet
seen at the Charity Bazaar at the Me
chanlc.' Pa Uon was the cakewa.k fast
night by a troupe or darkies direct from
the sunny South, it was the more inter-
StioS. waT^tireT; Sfng^ltf *Sgi
as if they wanted the cake Was if there
were no audience watching. This feature
to il come rePeatedly niehtlV F^e time
Other features .were the young ladies'
orchestra of forty pieces, and some eleven
trick and fancy bicycle riding. by Larger,
and Johnson. Special music was furnished
by Miss Ida Valerga and David Manlloyd
vocalists, and the Misses Noble instru
mentalists. The audience was the largest
of the season. . 6 l
Advances made on furniture and piano*, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
Chareed With Bure-lanr
Albert Watts, a laborer, entered a room
in the Lindell House, at Sixth and Howard
streets, last evening, and stole a coat.
He was seen to leave the room, and afterl
ward attempted to sell the garment to a
second-hand dealer on Third street. Po
lice Officer Riordan was notified and he
placed Watts under arrest. At the City
Prison he was charged with burglary.
ORDER OF PENDO.
Next Tuesday evening Golden Gate
Council will give a literary and musical
entertainment in the Foresters' building,
O'Farrell street, as a testimonial to Mrs.
Vena Eaton. A fine programme has been
arranged. After the programme there
will be a dance.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1898.
HARDY HARES
RAN IN FORM
AT INGLESIDE
Fast Dogs Beaten
by Stayers.
THE TALENT WAS HIT HARD
SEVERAL THREE-MILE COURSES
ON THE GREEN SWARD.
The Final Rounds of To-Day Will
Doubtless Be Witnessed by
Many Thousand Lovers
of Good Sport.
The knowing ones, who seldom miss a
good thing In the coursing field when
an opportunity is offered to scoop up the
almighty dollars, got a setback yesterday
which opened up large cavities in their
inside pockets, all of which will require
stitching to-day with golden threads.
Yes, it was a very chilly day yesterday
at Ingleside Coursing Park for the mem
bers of the talent who gambled and lost
on what was generally supposed to be a
"sure thing."
Possibly If the courses had been short
and speed had counted ahead of other
points in the game which can only be at
tained when the staying qualities of the
contesting dogs are fully tested, the talent
would have won hands down, so to speak.
But when The Call predicted on Saturday
morning that the hares would run like
good fellows whenever a north wind blew
it hit the nail on the . head, as better
coursing than that of yesterday has sel
dom been witnessed within the walls— or
fences, better said— of a coursing de
mesne.
The hares? Well, they literally flew over
the ground, and the poor dogs got gruel
lers of the genuine order. The sprinting
dogs, although they led to game and
scored some points, were "downed" sadly
by their opponents which had staying
qualities, and finished up In grand style,
much to the joy of the "ones who do not
know a thing about the game," but who
had taken chances on the short end.
Speculators who intend to gamble on the
final results of the meeting this afternoon
will do well to play on form, as there will
undoubtedly be some very hard upsets
before the final flag is hoisted.
The hares at mgleside are running in
the best form imaginable and it can be
safely said that the dogs of good breed
ing that have an ample supply of vi
tality and backbone will meet in the final
round of the day's meeting. The upsets
yesterday were the downfall of Liberty
Bell by Miss Grizzle, a 1 to 7 shot; the
defeat" of Crosspatch by Kid McCoy, a 1
to 4 shot; the defeat of Gladiator by
Forgive, a 1 to 5 shot: the defeat of
HadJwist by St. Michael, a 1 to 5 shot.
But The Call warned its readers yester
day to be careful of this course, as St.
Michael, although a young and new dog,
wlis a dangerous competitor; the defeat
of Royal Buck by Prince Hal. which was
a 1 to" 2 shot: the defeat oi Sir Marmion
by Red Cloud, a 1 to 3 shot; the defeat
of Safeguard by Mystic, a 1 to 2% shot;
the defeat of Kerry Gow by Bona Dea. a
1 to 3 shot; the defeat of Mystic Maid by
Mission Tip. a 1 to 5 shot.
Some of the courses were exceptionally
long. The course between Red Cloud and
Sir .Marmion lasted 4 minutes 12 seconds,
and the course between O X Capitol and
Myrtle lasted g minutes 23 seconds.
The leashmen must look for heavy up-
Beta to-day. Judging from their perform
ances of yesterday the winner of tne Lot
tie M and Forget course should come
pretty near landing first money. Results
of the rundown:
Open stake, run down— Result : Bonita beat
Fear Not, score S— o; Miss Grizzle beat Liberty
Bell, s— 6; Van Needa beat Roealeen. 22—1; Ktd
Mi oy beat ''ruSFpatch. 5—3; Forgive beat
Gladiator, 2—o;2 — 0; Old Glory beat American
Kai?!e, 13— T; St. Michael beat Iladiwist, B—2;
Jenny Wilson beat Solerno, 14—0; Magneto beat
Gallivant. 13—6: Royal Buck beat Prince Hal,
14—9; Marietta beat Bed of Stone, 8—0; Sllk
wood beat Master Mat, 7—6; Red Cloud beat
Sir Marmion. -5", — 13: Miss Alice beat Tullamore.
T— 2; Hattle beat lowa Girl. B—4; Get There beat
Mlfs Dividend, 14—2; Golden Russet beat Diana.
10— 1; Mystic beat Safeguard, 20—7; Rathbone
boat Mayflower, s—o; Flyaway beat Conqueror,
22—5; Speculation beat Coolrane, 4—o; Bona IVa
beat Kerry Gow, 15—10: Rocklin Belle beat Ber
nice, 11— 2;"Benicia Boy beat Skylark, 6—4; O.K.
Capitol beat Myrtle, 4S— l9; Commodore Nash
beat Phoebe. 6Vt — 4: Jesse Moore beat Signal,
13—8; Pet Kirby beat Emerald, 9—3; Lottie M
beat Fireball, S— 3; Forget beat Swlnnerton,
6—l; Young America beat Lenora, 10;— 5; False
Flatterer beat Martha Washington, 6—2; Prince
George beat Matchless. 4 — t; Belle of Moscow
beat Fielder. 12—1; Mission Tip beat Mystic
Maid, 13—2; Lightfoot beat Campania, 4—o.
HARES PROVE SPEEDY.
Outrun Many Greyhounds at Union
Coursing Park Yesterday
Afternoon.
The programme at T"nion Coursing
Park yesterday was made up of the cus
tomary monthly puppy stake and an all
age open stakp. The hares ran unusually
strong, it being found necessary five
times during the afternoon to release
fresh dogs to kill hares that were run
ning the hounds to a standstill. An un
usually large number of hares made good
their escape.
There wore a number of upsets dur
ing the afternoon. Among the short
enders that raised winning flags were
Wayfarer, Eclipse, Laurelwood. White
Chief and Minneapolis. The latter de
feated Mountain Beauty, much to the sur
prise of the talent. The odds were three
to one against him. The summary was:
Puppy stake, first round— W. J. Jones' Prince
Jerome beat Orient Kennel's Golden Rod; W.
J. Jones' Rustan beat Al Austin's Santa Yriez;
John Kerrigan's St. Gertrude beat H. Bran
don's Belmont Boy; W. J. Jones' L*ady Marion
ran a bye; T. J. Cronin's Arab beat T. Hall's
Miss Bkyball; T. Sullivan's Maid of the Hill
beat Pasha Kennel's Recent Arrival; F.
Moran's Bit of Fashion beat T. J. Cronin's
Depend or. Me; James Dickson's Black Bess
beat Paplia Kennel's Road Agent; E. Fitz
patrick's Free Silver Boy ran a bye; Pasha
Kennel's Regular Army beat John Kerrigan's
Lalla Rookh: Pasha Kennel's Rollicking Airs
beat R. E. de B. Lopez' Still Trying: T. Hall's
Florence N beat Pasha Kennel's Rod of Ash.
Open stake, first round— Hllo Kennel's Irma
beat J. PegßPrson's Candelaria; J. H. Perlgo's
Wayfarer beat William Dowst's Sarcastic; J.
Mankhoiiff'H Winged Foot beat J. Morrison's
Llddle; John Perigo's Belle Seward beat E. and
R Scott's Garden City: E. & E. Kennel's
Vigilant beat F. Price's Madge Wildfire; Pem
broke Kennel's Magic beat F. Moran's Bril
liant: S. E. Portal's Gallagher beat R. E. de
B Lopez' Arrow; Pembroke Kennel's Terrana
beat F. A. Esquivel's Peaceful Cilen; E. and R.
Scott's Lord Byron beat J. McCormlck s Wood
by ne; Euchre Kennel's Right Bower beat H.
\V.-l'cr's Montana: Handy & Smith's Victor
beat Euchre Kennel's Ace of Clubs; F. Mc-
Carthy' •» Rosebud beat Pastia Kennel's Emm
Pasha; J. McCormick's White Tip beat Ed
Wilson's Magnesia; Pasha Kennel's Firm
Friend boat Kcllpse Kennel's Tarn o' Shanter:
Foley & Kelly's Reviver was beaten by C. and
H Kennel's Dempsey Lass; Russell & Wil
son's Victor Queen beat Larkey & Rock's Her
cule?- Belmont Kennel's Interesting beat I. F.
Halton's Tic-Tac; W. Creamer's Jersey Lily
beat Pasha Kennel's Pocahontas; Eclipse Ken
nel's Eclipse beat Gem Kennel's Sunburst; S.
E. Portal's Laurelwood beat Euchre Kennel's
Left Bower: J. Seggerson's White Chief beat
T. J Cronin's Maid of Bail: F. Moran's Snap
shot beat Pembroke Kennel's Mona; R. E. de
B. Lopez" Quiver beat G. Sharman's Oleen; E.
G. Pol Her" s Newsboy ran a bye: T. J. Cro
nin's Thornhill beat J. Monkhouse's Breach of
Promise; S. E. Portal's At Last beat Handy &
Smith's Dauntless: Russell & Wilson's Lady
Herschel beat Eclipse Kennel's Klllarney; R.
X de B. Lopez' Minneapolis bsat A. Johnson's
Mountain Beauty: Milo Kennel's Victor King
beat Eclipse Kennel's Masterpiece; O. W.
Lahusen's Precita Girl ran a bye; Milo Ken
nel's Rock Islnnd beat J. Connell's Senorita;
Ed W.'lson's Magnet beat J. F. Wehmeyers One
Spot. _________ — — .
Sons of Exempts.
The Society of Sons of Exempt Firemen,
organized a few months since, for the pur
pose of perpetuating the Exempt x'ire
Company of this city, to which their
fathers belonged, will to-morrow night
have a smoker in the hall of the Exempts
on Urenham place.
MAY W RUNS
AS FAST AS
SHE WANTS TO
Leads Don Quixote
Out in Fast Time.
GOOD SPORT AT OAKLAND
THE FLIRTATION STAKE CAP
TURED BY HUMIDITY.
Good Hope, a Hot Favorite, Downed
by Correct — Four Choices Suc
cessful — Pat Morrissey
a Winner.
The cold weather kept many away from
the races at Oakland yesterday, and those
who did not attend missed some splendid
sport. About the best performance of
HUMIDITY, WITH THORPE UP, WINNER OF THE FLIR
TATION STAKES.
the afternoon was that of the Calgary
bred mare, May W. In the mile for all
ages, backed to 1 to 2 favoritism, she
made all the pace and won from Don
Quixote, with a pound or two to spare,
in 1:39%. The two-year-old Horton made
a remarkably good showing 1 , and but for
a miserable send-off might have been
dangerous at the end.
Backers of the favorites made all the
money. An outsider, Glen Anne, took
the opening scramble, and Correct de
feated the favorite, Good Hope, In the
event following, after which it was clear
sailing for the choices. Nearly every book
in the ring quit behind on the day's busi
ness.
The Flirtation stake, at six and a half
furlongs, for two-year-old fillies, attracted
but a field of three to the post. The
Burns & Waterhouse entry. Humidity,
though receding In the betting from a stiff
play on Elizabeth R, made all the running
and won easily in 1:20^4. Hemera wits a
close third.
A big band of platers started in the
opening six-furlong scramble, and betting
on the affair was very light. Aluminum
finally closed favorite, and after showing
prominently, finished third. The 15 to 1
shot, Glen Anne, came strongly at the
end with Powell, and In a mild drive led
Rosemald out a length.
Barney Schreiber's filly, Good Hope, was
sent to the post a top-heavy choice for
the two-year-old sprint, over the Futur
ity course. One to two was considered a
good price, and the talent got fooled.
After leading to the stretch she was chal
lenged and beaten out by "Curly" Shields'
improving youngster Correct, the second,
choice. San Augustine finished a cheap
looking third.
The mile selling run was only a cake
walk for Gotobed, against which 9 to 10
was laid. The St. Andrew colt had his
field beaten before the stretch turn was
reached and won galloping from Grey
hurst. Dolore showed improvement, tak
ing the show. Don Luis, after making
many tortuous curves and inshoots, fin
ished last.
It looked as if Pat Morrissey had about
struck his gait in the final six-furlong
sprint, and Frank McMahoh's horse car
ried some swell commissions. At the last
a plunge was made on Whltcomb, cutting
the price from threes to 8 to 5. It proved
a two-horse race, but Morrissey carried
his speed farther, beating Whitcomb clev
erly by a neck in 1:14. The show went to
Chihuahua.
Track Notes.
Charles E. Price, one of the officials of
the California Jockey Club, left for Nash
ville, Term., last evening. To Mr. Price
fell the sad mission of tailing back to his
home the body of the deceased turfman,
John J. Carter, who lost his life in the
Baldwin Hotel fire. Ed C. Hopper was
proffered and has accepted the position
left vacant by the death of Judge Carter.
Mr. Hopper is an efficient and very popu
lar racing official, and the choice seems
to be a wise one. Of him it is said he
never rules a rider off unless in possession
of proof of the boy's guilt.
George Rose quit about $1000 ahead on
the day's booking.
The breakdown on Friday of Jack o"
Lantern proved such a bad one that yes
terday the animal was destroyed.
Bullman piloted three winners. He is
now one of the best boys riding here, and
if he will steer clear of propositions will
earn glory and coin.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkin sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
The Solly Walter School.
At the studio of Mr. and Mrs. Solly
Walter, 26 O'Farrell street, next Friday
afternoon, the work of their pupils will be
displayed. The work represents draw
ing incident to newspaper illustration,
sketches in black and white and other
features of applied art. Cards, beauti
fully engraved, contain this simple an
nouncement:
"Mr. and Mrs. Solly Walter request the
pleasure of your society on Friday after
noon, December 16, from 2 until 5 o'clock,
to view the work of their pupils."
THEIR CHOICE
FOR NEXT TERM
Officers Elected by Many
Societies.
The following: named have been chosen
by the societies to which they belong as
the officers who will serve during the en-
Buing term:
San Francisco Scottish Thistle Club-
John Ross, Royal Chief; John Smith,
chieftain; George W. Patterson, recorder
(sixth year); James Lawrance, treasurer;
Alexander Strang, sergeant-at-arms;
Alexander Carlisle, property-man; John
Donaldson, P. Riddle and William Grant,
trustees.
Military Order of Foreign Wars of the
United States, California Commandery—
Robert Young Hyne, C. ; David Henshaw
Ward, V. C; Uradncr Wells Leo, J. A.:
Major George Whitney Reed. S. ; Frank
Bedinger Washington, D. S. ; Charles
Samuol Greene, T. ; Colonel Adolphus
Skinner Hubbard, R. By a recent action
of the National Commandery, commis
sioned officers of the army and volunteers
who served in the war with Spain are
eligible to membership.
Stanford Parlor No. 76, Native Sons of the
Golden West — D. A. Curtin, president; Wil
liam A. Deane, first, William H. Dick, second,
and William F. Humphrey, third vice presi
dent; Fred 11. Jung, recording secretary:
Joseph G. Cox, financial secretary; William D.
Hynes, marshal: FranK H- Kerrigan, J. J.
Lermen and August F. Pchlelcher, trustees;
John J. McCarthy becomes past prepldent.
General George G. Meade Corps, W. K. C—
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND BACE TRACK, Saturday, Dec. 10, 1898.— Twenty-fourth
day of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track fast.
J. A. MUHPHY. Presiding Judge. JAMES 13. FERGUSON, Starter.
7 FIRST
upward; purse, $350,
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
* %m.
4m.
&m.
Str.
Fin.
300 Glen Anne, 3
329 Rosemaid, 3
326 Aluminum, 4 ]
293 Corriente. 5 !
314 Morana, 3 i
314 Sierra Blanco, 3
16S Tobey, 6 1
256 Rejected, 5 ',
... Kai Moi. 5 :
... University, a
314 Paul Kruger. 4
... Henry C, 4
295 Belola, 5 i
... Eventide, 5 !
fi6 St. Philip, 3 :
194 Outgo, a :
300 Glen Anne, 3 104 1 10 ... 6 4 5h ... 11 Powell 8 10
329 Rosemaid, 3 107 7 ... 4 4 3'^ ... 2 2 Thorpe 3 9-J
326 Aluminum, 4 10415 ... lh lh ... 3 2 H.Martin 3 6-2
295 Corriente. 5 109! 3 ... 2 h 2' 2 ... 4 3 N. Turner 6 10
314 Morana, 3 104111 ... 9 4 7 2 ... 6 4 Gray 8 13
314 Sierra Blanco, 3... .104)1 ... 3 6 4 4 ... 6 1 Rutter 4 5
16S Tobey, 6 M9|l2 ... 10 1 9 2 ... 72 M. Kelly 40 100
256 Rejected, 5 109 9 ... 11 8 2 ... 8 3 W. Narvaez.. 40 lm)
... Kai Moi, 5 10916 ... 8 4 6 4 ... 9 1 O'Neil 100 100
... University, a 109113 ... 12 11 ... 10 4 Roullier 6 12
314 Paul Kruger. 4 1M 2 ... 5 4 10 ... 11 2 Fallehy fi
... Henry C, 4 107' 8 ... 13 13 ... 12 3 J. Power 20 30
295 Belola. 5 109 14 ... 14 14 ... 13 Stewart CO 100
... Eventide. 5 109 4 ... 7h 12 ... 14 Bullman 10 30
66 St. Philip, 3 10» • Devin 10 30
194 Outgo, a 112! » Penn y 15 20
10 ,
7
3
11
1
12
9
6
13
2
3
14
4
•
64
4 ft
1 h
2 h
9 %
3 6.
10 1
11
8 4
12
5 4
13 r .
14 :
7 h
5h
3 4
1 h
2 4
7 2
*?
8 I
6 4
•11 •
10
; 13
14
12
1 1
2 2
3 2
4 3
5 4
6 1
7 2
8 3
9 1
10 4
11 2
12 3
13
14
Powell
Thorpe
H. Martin
XT 'r,,... -
N. Turner.....
Gray
Rutter
KiT IT nl l »-
M. Kelly
W. Xarvaez..
CNeil
Roullier
Fallehy
J. Power
Stewart
Pullman
Devin
Penny
•Left.
Time, 1:14%. Winner. J. Sullivan's b. f. by imp. St. Andrew-Glencola, Good start. Won
cleverly. Second and third driving.
The winner seemed best at the end. Paul Kruerer probably ran for the end book. Don't
lose -sight of him.
RACE— Futurity course (170 feet less than six furlongs); Belling; two-
si purse, $JSO.
. Horse.
Weight.
[St.
V*m.
4m. \m.
Str.
Fin.
.Turkeys.
319 Correct
312 Good Hope
313 San Augustine
325 Marteilo , :
319 Correct in-" 2 .".. 2 1 2 2 lh lh Bullman 3 3
312 Good Hope 105 1 ... 11 1 4 2n 2 6 H. Martin 1-2 1-2
315 San Augustine 108 3 ... 3h 32 34 32 Devin 5 jw
325 Marteilo 108 4 ... 4 4^ 4 4 Thorpe 5 8
2
1
3
4
2 1
1 1
3 h
4
<■■■ 2 2
m -
3 2
-' i ■'
1 h
2 n
3 4
4
1 h
2 5
3 2
4
unman
'.. Martin
evin
horpe
Time, l:liv;. Winner. J. H. Shields' eh. g. by imp. Fortissimo-Right. Good start. Won
handily. Second and third driving.
The winner outgamed Good Hope. San Augustine ran badly. He can do better.
, THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Horse. Age. Weight.
%m. .. %m.
Str.
Jockeys.
31S Gotobed, 3 P6 6 3h 31 lh 114 11 iHolmes 4-5 9-10
311 Greyuurpt, 4 103 2 12 14 2 3 2 3 2 1 H. Martin 4 9-2
324 Dolore, 4 MB 1 21 2h 3h 41 32 Bullman ..'/... 8 15
532 Guilder, 3 S9I 4 5 5 44 3h 43 Ho U '?k 6 12
(326) Don Luis, 3 97; 3 4 1 4 1 fi 5 5 |Powell 4 3
31S Gotobed, 3
311 Greyhurst. 4 :
324 Dolore. 4
332 Guilder, 3
[326) Don Luis, 3
5
' 2
i 1
I 4
: 3
3 h
1 2
2 1
5
4 1
3 1
1 4
2 h
5
4 1
1 h
2 3
3 h
4 4
1 14
2 3
4 1
3 h
5
1 1
2 1
3 2
4 3
l/ioimes
H. Martin
Bullman ......
Houck
[Powell
Time. 1:414. Winner, J. F. Fogg's b. c. by imp. St. Andrew-Termagent. Perfect start.
Won easily. Second and third driving.
Gotobed was under restraint through the stretch. Powell on Don Luis found all sorts
of pockets. Dolore showed improvement. Guilder was very sore.
*>Af\ FOURTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
O*t\J» stakes; value $1000.
two-year-oM fillies;
the Flirtation
Index. Horse.
Weight.
''m.
4m.
%m. Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(234) Humidity !
(312) Elizabeth R 1
321 Hemera '
3
2
1
1 1
3
2 3
1 2
2 h
3
1 2
3
2 H
1 1
3
" 2 4
1 2
2 1
3
i norpe [
Cray I
Hennessy |
4-5
S-5
3
6-3
7-5
5
Time. 1:20>.i. Winner, Burns & Waterhouie'a br. t. by Hindoo-imp. Calphurnia.
start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
The winner got the best ride. Gray is not improving in his work.
O^l FIFTH RACE— One mile; all ages; purse, $400.
i
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. %m. 4m. ?im. St
4m.
?im.
Str.
Jockeys.
(310) May W. 4
... Don Quixote, 3
305 Horton. 2
(321) Crossmollna, 2 —
1
2
4
3
1 24
2 m
4
3 8
1 3
2 2
4
3 3
1 4
2 5
4
3 1
1 3
I 4
3 4
4
1 2
2 5
3 4
4
Bullman
N. Turner
J. Relft
IDevin
3
4
8
1-
Time, 1:39%. Winner, D. Cameron's b. m. by imp. Eagle Plume-Froila. Good start
except Horton. Won easily. Second and third driving.
May W did not have many pounds in reserve at the end. The Don ran a swell race
Horton was almost left and got very bad handling. Saddle slipped on Crossmollna.
O SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs: selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Horse. Age. Weight.
Mm.
4m. %m. Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
312 Pat Morrissey, 4 — :
318 Whltcomb, 4 :
326 Chihuahua, 3
327 Lady Britannic. 4..:
314 Edgemount, 5 1
324 New Moon, 5 1
335 Balllster, 3
326 None Such. 3
4
I
1
7
6
8
■•; 2 h
* 1 h
• 4 4
.81
-..'.6.%v
6 *•
7 1
8 V
2 3
1 h
3 4
4 3
5 4
6 1
S
7 1
'1h 1 h
22 2 1
34 3 8
-4 M>r 4 h
5 1-:;' 5 1~
61U , C 2
:'7 I'/.,:7 3"
-• . 8/ . - 8 , :
Bullman
E. Jones
I. Powell
ly. Turner
W, Xarvaez..
B. Kelly
J. Daly
Devin
1
3
3
10
50
30
30
100
4-5
S-5
6
20
{ 300
50
300
■ 200
Time. 1:14. Winner, F. McMahon's b. g. by Lord Clifton-Tenny B. Good start Won
cleverly. Second and third driving.
Pat had the race up his sleeve from the head of the stretch. Kelly looked over the
wrong shoulder at the New Moon.
Mrs. Kate J. Woods, P.; Mrs. Lee. S. V. P.;
Mrs. Page, J. V. P. ; Mrs. Grundlg, C. ; Mrs.
Mlkklesen, T. : Mrs. Jones, Cond. ; Mrs. Hof
richter, G. ; Mrs. Page, delegate to W. R. C. ;
Mrs. Selger, alternate.
California Hive, Ladles of the Maccabees—
Mrs. Isabel Howard. L. C. : Mrs. Susan Tryon,
L. C. ; Mrs. Florence N. Morrow. R. X. ; Mrs.
Alice Fallen, F. X. ; Mrs. M. Robinson, L.;
Mre. Ida Duncan, S. : Mr?. Ada Child*, M. ;
Mrs. E. Harmon, Sent.: Mrs. 11. Fumphrey, P.
California Parlor No. 1. X. B. O. W.— John
O'Gara, P.; Romberg Jensen, first, Louis La
caze, second, and VF. D. Hobro Jr.. third vice
president: J. J. Jamison. R. S. ; B. F. Han
lon, F. S. : Henry F. Pernau, T. : John F.
Linehan. M. ; Benjamin F. Clarke, John M.
Heinimann. Howard Herring-ton, D. D. Lustig
and Frederick 11. Stahle, surgeons; Robert
H. Morse, trustee: William H. Staniels, col
lector, and Robert H. Morse, organist.
Loyal Circle, Companions of the Forest— Mrs.
May Bostrom, C. C. ; Mrs. Maggie Morrison, S.
C. C. ; Mrs. Alice Wagner, T. : Mrs. F. N.
Morrow, S. ; Mrs. A. Coral, R. G. ; Mrs. Lizzie
Pritchard, L. G. ; Mrs. Mary Large, G. ; Mrs.
Stockney, organist.
Burns Lodgre. A. O. U. W.— N. S. Fair
weather, M. W. ; A. E. Thompson. F. : W. S.
Edwards, O. ; Leonard Stone, G. ; Frank Stohr, I
I. W. ; John Murphy, O. "W. ; G. Olsen. T.
South Pan Francisco Lodge, F. and A. M.—
C. F. Kispert. W. M.; H. F. Rahlmann. S. W. ;
S. Hansen. J. W.; J. 8. Bailey, T.; E. C.
Hare, S.
Sts. John Lodge, A. O. U. W.— Ellas Ro
dfcker, M. W. ; A. W. Williams. F. ; O. H.
Smyth. O. : Charles Cheffers. G. ; Bernard
Spelr. I. W.j L. J. Xevers, O. W.
Franklin Loilge, A. O. V. W.— S. Hoffman,
M. W. ; K. Walters, F. ; A. Levy, O. ; M. A.
Goodenough, G. ; O. Hoffman, I. W. ; M. G.
Shove, O. W.
Golden Gate Council, Order of Chosen Friends
— S. H. Simon, C. ; Mrs. J. F. Houghton. V. C. ;
J. Rothenberg. I. ; M. Boehm, S. ; C. Cator, T. ;
Mrs. B. Shea. P.; Mrs. Rldant:, M. : F. 11.
Jackson, W. ; I. Prentiss, G.; M. Downintr, S. :
Mrs. C. Beers, O. ; F. H. Jackson, Dr. Patton
and J. Lever. trusfees; Mrs. A. Bo^hm and
F. H. Jackson, delegates to Grand Council;
Mrs. C. Cator and F. H. Jackson, alternates.
California Lodge, Rebekas. I. O. O. F.— Miss
Alice H. Hall. X. G. : Pauline I. Harris. V. G. ;
Marquetta Reed, R. S. ; M. Homeyer, T. ; Flora
Bergman. T.
Norman Lodge, Knights of Honor— William
John Kelly, I). ; William SaaJburg, V. D. ;
Jacob Cans, R. ; P. J. Joyce. F. R. ; F. \V.
Zrhfuss. F. R. : C. D. Davis, C. ; N. H. Hirsh
feld, G. ; A. Sellg. S. ; D. Davis. J. C. Sawtelle
and H. N. Hirshfelder, trustees; Dr. A. W.
Perry, examining physician: Jacob Gans, i
representative; Joseph Morris alternate. Jo- |
seph Mnrris becomes past dictator.
Redwood Camp Woodmen of the World — W.
W. Peck, C. C. (re-elected third term): W. K.
Anderson, A. L. : P. H. Savage, B. (re-elected
seventh year): Thomas F. Hatton. C. (re
elected eighth year) ; W. N. Dingle, E. ; George
J. Lang, W. ; E. P. Ryan S.; manager eigh
teen months, George Weuber; pianist, T. F.
Hatton.
Redwood Circle, Women of Woodcraft— Mary
S. Baltic O.: Violet Daniell. A. L. ; Ellen F.
Blangy, B. ; Thomas F. H.-mon, C. ; Lucia
Robinson, O. M. ; Mary L. Pchweinhard, G. A ;
Julia A. Blake. C. of G. ; Margaret Wilder,
W. : Alson G. Blansy. S. : Z. T. Whittemanger,
eighteen months; Minnie "Willis. M., twelve
months; Georgie Levering, pianist; Dr. M. E.
Van Meter, examiner.
Court Sutro Heights— James P. Riley, C. R. ;
W. J. Boradori, P. C R. : W. P. Faulkner. T.;
E. S. Harding. F. S. ; J. W. Gleadell, R. S.:
G. A. Morrell, S. W. ; J. Heineman, J. W. ;
C. J. Jacobson, S. B. ; C. W. Ingham, J. B. ;
R. Klump, T. ; L. H. Grunig, phy.; S. Yehl,
organist.
Court Palo Alto, Foresters of America— J. S.
Meyer, C. R. ; Leon J. Pinkson, S. C. R. : S.
C. Bernstein. T. ; Leo Kaufman, F. S. ; Herman I
Kaufman. R. S. ; Ken Joseph, S. W. ; Herman I
Lederer, J. W. ; M. L. Rapheld, S. B. ; Myer i
Kahn, J. B. : M. ,T. Netter, trustee; Dr. T.
Miller, phy.; B. I. Barnett, organist.
California Council, National Union— H. A.
Graves, P.: A. J. Sparrow, V. P.: F. B. Gib
son, S. ; 'Charles J. King, secretary ue-elcted) ;
F. Schumacher, F. S. (re-olected); H. L. Tick
ner. T. (re-elected): T. P. Molloy, C. ; J R
McGufflck, T\ ; C. R. Ford, S. at A. (re-elect
ed); A. A. Ranz, D. X. ; E. C. Boysen. P A.
Doane and W. A. S. N'icholson, trustees; T S
Malloy, J. R. MrGufnek, F. B. Gibson, A. J.
Sparrow, E. Garthurne and E. C. Boystn, dele
gates to the cabinet.
"KID" WELLER HERE.
The Well-Known Plunger Arrives
Prepared for Business.
There will be a stir In the ring at Oak
land track to-morrow, for B. J. "Weller,
better known as '"The Kid," has arrived.
The figures will begin to dance In con
sequence of his advent. He came to town
very quietly yesterday and marked down
liis name on the register at the Palace,
and was given a suite with bath.
Now, '"The Kid" Is one of the best
known personages on the Western turf.
After he arrived at the years of discre
tion and self-support he began to eke out
an existence by traveling for a large bus
iness house. His nature, however, was
not built that way, and he longed to drop
the grip and be a plunger. The desire grew
and six years ago he made his dohut in
the ring and he has kept the books guess
ing ever since.
Durinf the time that he has boon up
against it, "The. Kid" has demonstrated
what a profound knowledge of mathemat
ics and an abiding faith in figures as ap
plied to form and prici s will do for a
man. "With him his judgment is supreme,
and when he has figured It out the price
for or against a horse cuts no ice. '"The
Kid" is modest and retiring, but he has
plenty of friends and he knows how to
keep them.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HIUISHEIS-ff
__— ment free
I at the great medical
institute of DR.
MEYERS & CO., but
they DO get cured
at a reasonable price,
and without paying
a dollar until they
Hill are sound and well.
PUT THE MONEY An man
— — — — who has
IN INK BANK, the least
— — — — doubt that
Dr. Meyers & Co.
| can cure all contract-
; ed ailments or re-
store to perfect
i health and strength
; victims of nervous
1 debility quickly and
| permanently may
deposit the price of
i a cure with any bank,
well-known busi-
i ness house or news-
paper in San Fran-
cisco before com-
■ mencing treatment.
If he finds that he is
not cured in a speci-
I fied time his money
I will be returned to
him and NOT paid to
the doctors, If this
deposit proposition
is not agreeable to
j the patient he may
i make payments in
monthly install-
ments.
A ' SUCCESS DR. MEYERS
— — & CO. have
FOB If HEWS, devotednear-
— — ly half a life-
time to the study
and cure of all the
ailments and weak-
ness of men — young,
old or middle-aged.
i They never experi-
* ment or doctorsymp-
- toms. They diag-
I nose a case intelli-
I gently and proceed
I to make a radical
i and lasting cure. No
II I mineral or danger-
ous drugs are ever
111 l used.
SOME POINTS A Physician
—^— cannot even
IN THEIR FAVOR, hope to at-
— - — tain a repu-
tation for making
cures unless he has
every facility at hand
I to aid him. In this
regard DR. MEYERS
& CO. are especially
favored. They have
the largest and best
! equipped medical in-
I stitution in America,
and | consequently
enjoy the most ex-
tensjve and success-
ful practice in this
[j country.;
CONSULTATION ? ou can « et the
buiuuLiHiiun advice of these
iiumvc rorr renowned s P -
ALWAYS FREE, dalistsandcon-
————— suit with them
without cost. If you are
ailing or have a symp-
tom it is to your interest
to call and see them.
Such an interview would
j have good results even
j if youdid not take«treat-
II ii ment.
MANY MEN ABE If >' ou cannot
■man i .mm mi , come to the
CUeAIHOME,u c po naVt a of
— — — the .staff of
DR. MEYERS & CO.
when they make their
regular monthly visits
, to interior towns write
I for their private book. for ;
■ men and question list.
' All letters confidential.
| No printing on envelopes
or packages to indicate •
I II name of sender. ;
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market Street,
- SAN FRANCISCO.
: :'-■■: • > ■ Hours, Bto 12 daily. :
Take Elevator. Evenings 7 to 8." ;• ;•
, Sundays, 9 to !!;>;?: |
910
FOUR ROUTES
FOR THE CANAL
ARE FEASIBLE
Facts and Figures for
Congress.
REPORT OF THE COMMISSION
COST OF CONSTRUCTION LESS
THAN $100,000,000.
Recommendation Will Be Made That
Both Ochoa Dam. and San Fran
cisco Basin Be
« Avoided.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: I understand the Nicaragua
Canal Commission is preparing a pre
liminary report of its work.which it will
BUbmlt to the President probably in a
few days. This report will be immedi
ately presented to Congress and will
contain facts and figures which will be
ot" great value in connection with the
consideration of Government aid for the
proposed waterway.
The report will submit estimates for
four routes and for canais with a dif
ferent number of locks. The variation
jn routes lies on the eastern side of the
lake, it being necessary from the topo
graphical character of the country to
adopt the Maritime Canal Company's
route from Brito to the lake and
through the lake to San Juan River.
An important feature of the Com
missions report will be the recommen
dations it will make to avoid Ochoa
Dam and San Francisco Basin. It
will be recalled that the Ludlow board
euggested that the Ochoa Dam problem
•was the greatest that would be met,
but in the opinion of members of the
present commission San Francisco
Basin contains much more serious dif
ficulties.
The Commission has. therefore, con
sidered the practicability of avoiding
Ochoa Dam and San Francisco Basin
and has arrived at the conclusion, I
understand, that it would be cheaper
or at least more advantageous to run
the canal around Ochoa and San Fran
cisco Basin and thus avoid the dangers
which exist at these two points.
The Commission will find the canal
practicable in all its details. Even
Ochoa Dam and San Francisco Divide
can be crossed, though at heavy ex
pense. Estimates are submitted for a
canal of thirty feet depth.
The commission will further find that
the canal can be built In six years. Fi
nal estimates as to the cost have not
yet been fully determined, but 1 was
again assured to-day that estimates on
each of four lines would not be less
than $100,000,000 and would range above
that figure considerably, though $115,
000,000 was given as the mean.
8388 828282888888828288888252 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 SS S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S8 SS S3 S3 S3 S8 S3 S3 S3 SS S3 S3 S3 S-S8 S8 SS S3 S3 83 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S2 SS S3 S3 S3 88 S3 S3 S8 S8 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 83 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 82 S3 S3 83 S3 88 S3 82 82 83 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 82 S3 S3 88 88 88 88 88 83 88 88 88 88 88 SS 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 S8 3
El SS ■ . •' '-■.;:■■-;■:■. ; , . 88/ 3
£ •' II : - ■ ■ < . "II "2
£ ss M ■ : — — Li— 85 .^
s: ss- ••• ■• -• ■ '• ■ . | . •ss ■ 2
II PACIFIC STATES ||
■*^" * J B H I B m d 9 Hl__Jw B& aft. I n Wk 11^ #£■ kI ■■ iß^ B Efl &. BB S8 ~S
111 TELEPHONE COMPANIES! 1. 1
% I «-______-_.____— -________--_-_.^ _ .^-_-__________ « 3
■^-8? "?
I i " a - •••••• Fv.>r\ , 1 tl-^2^ tif it 'S3
I I FBOM S^llsT "FTIAJSTCTSCXD TO g |
I 1 OAKLAND ...... 15 Cents LOS ANGELES . ... . 50 Cents 5 |
| I , SAN JOSE .... . . 25 Cents SAN DIEGO ..•. • 50 Cents -' ~ - •■'• - ■ ' I ;-.-5 ;
I I STOCKTON 25 Cents PASADENA .50 Cents I-^
s= oBUL.i\iuixi • *'''iQ^'*' '*•'■ * ? v>enis> r/\o^LFLii/\ • • . . • • ou V/Cnis ss
I 1 SACRAMENTO ..... 25 Cents EUREKA 50 Cents * ' jj 1
i I FRESNO ..:... . . 25 Cents PORTLAND ..... 75 Cents | |
If BAKERSFIELD . ... ;25 Cents TACOMA. . ... .. 75 Cents I i
I 1 SANTA ROSA 25 Cents SEATTLE 75 Cents 1 3
y^ ss . 3/\ni l l\ iivr^^ . . . . . j&sj v»ems -. • 'wLf^B ill . • . . • ' • . ./ o v»eni.s j» —^
§ REDDING 25 Cents SPOKANE $1.00 I
mP- 2S o« — w
•— o» • •* -^
a^- -i.^^— «.^^^— .— ■i^^^^—.^.—i^— »-^^_^-^^-^^— vi^ _ - •»— — > — — — ■—^^ -"^ — -— "■ — "i^ l>^^ l^^^ HHll^"»i»iM *5 _««
I I A man may refuse to answer a letter or telegram, but is II
5l i" :: • _.; ; .; I I :i ,-r:^i ' ; .-. •"•• II I ; II "I "■IT"" I P" P^l I V"V X I I""" SS ; i^-
I I . •■■;,..:• forced to reply when called on the TELEPHONE. -l;,-;^
o, — — — 1 • *o
2* • —^»
I I You Can Take Your Telephone Off the Hook and Call I i
If ... 44,000 SUBSCRIBERS ! . ... I I
l o. i — ■ ' ■ — = I 3
g 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 8888 88 88 888888888882888288888882888888 88 88 88 82 88 83 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88.88 88 88 88 88 88.88 83 88 88 88 S3 S3 88 S3; 88 SS SS 88 88 S3 S3 S3 88 S3 88 88 S8 88 88 88 88 88 83 S3 83 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 58 88 88 88 88 88 88 83 88 88 S3 82 82 82 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 82 82° "J3
TO IMPROVE
COMMERCIAL
RELATIONS
Germany Wants New
Treaty.
ANXIOUS FOR RECIPROCITY
i
EMBASSADOR HOLLEBEN HOPES
FOR AMICABLE SETTLEMENT
In View of the United States' New
Colonial Possessions It Is Recog
nized That New Trade Ar
rangement* Are Needed.
Copyrighted, 1898, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, Dec. 10.— Before leaving
Berlin for South Germany, Dr. yon Hol
leben. the German Embassador to the
United States, said, in the course of a
conversation: "Both the German and
Washington Governments are anxious
to improve the existing relations be
tween them. This fact will soon be
come evident."
Baron yon Bulow, the Minister of
Foreign Affairs, had several long inter
views with Dr. yon Holleben last week.
All the important questions concerning
America were thoroughly discussed.
"I fail to see any reason," the Em
bassador said, "why, with good on both
sides, all differences — and none is of
great moment — cannot Le adjusted
amicably. In behalf of the German
Government I can state that the most
hearty friendship exists toward the
rising American nation and that there
is no intention of doing anything on
our part to interfere in the slightest
degree with all the legitimate aims of
the United States. In a few words, an
effort will be made, more than in the
past, to adjust all trifling differences
outstanding, and the negotiations for a
reciprocity treaty, which have been
greatly delayed, mainly because of the
war with Spain, will be taken up after
the new year and pushed vigorously.
"As to Germany's claims to retain
or recover certain commercial advan
tages hitherto enjoyed in Spanish
colonies now under American sway,
their justice will undoubtedly be recog
nized at Washington, especially as the
claims are quite modest and do not ex
ceed anything the United States under
similar circumstances would demand
themselves. I return to my post at
Washington with the firm expectation
that the relations between the two
countries, political and commercial,
will become better."
The Germans are now following
American affairs much closer than
previously. A *very full report of the
President's message was published
here and was commented upon as much
as the Emperor's speech from the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1898.
PALACE TO REPLACE
THE WHITE HOUSE
PIaQS for Magnificent Building
ar)d Grouods fire Presented
to Coogress.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.— The question of replacing the historic
White House with a Presidential residence more in keeping with the
dignity of the office of the occupant, and in a measure indicative
of the wealth and power of the country, has been revived this early
in the session of Congress. Plans were presented to Congress to
day for a new building which will, with its surrounding grounds,
surpass anything of the kind in the world, its elevation above the
other buildings of the city affording a panoramic view of. Virginia,
the Potomac River and the surrounding country unobtainable in al
most any other section.
It is proposed to erect a new mansion or palace, for if the plans are
adopted the structure will equal, if not surpass, in size and grandeur
the famous palaces of the Old World— on Meridian Heights, where it
will stand out in full view from every part of the city. The grounds
will rise in a series of terraces to the plateau of the building site.
The plans are somewhat similar to those of the Congressional
Library and combine all the most ornate features of the Capitol
and the new Postoffice building, being in perfect harmony with all of
the Government buildings.
One wing is appropriated to the exclusive use of the President
and the rest of tne buildings and grounds are designed for public
uses and the general beautifying of the city. The building will be
of white marble, somewhat in the form of a letter "H," with the
President's apartments in the west wing and the State apartments
on the east. On top of the arm connecting the two wings is a
roof garden, intended for the private use of the Presidential family.
Every arrangement is made for handling large crowds of guests and
facilities for entertainment are sufficient to meet every exigency.
The plans certainly show a structure of most unusual beauty,
which, combined with attractiveness of location and convenience of
construction, makes it a perfect residence, and yet preserves in it am
adaptability for official uses that it is not possessed by the White
House.
throne at the opening of the Reichstag.
The comment was generally fair and
calm, many of the papers expressing
agreeable suprise at its peaceful tone.
The Lokal Anzeiger says: "Neither
the United States nor England can at
tach so much weight to a position in
the Carolines as to be willing to
jeopardize their amicable relations with
Germany on account of it."
The Beorsen Courier, referring to
President McKinley's allusion to Ger
man neutrality, says: "Germany has
no need to fear this member of the con
cert, with which we may hope to re
main on the best terms."
The semi-official Post says: "In
yielding to America's demands, one
success after another has fallen into
her lap. But in view of the entrance
of the United States among the com
petitors for colonial possessions, a re
adjustment of German- American com
mercial relations will have to be made
a matter of necessity."
This view is expressed by a large por
tion of the German press, but no in
timation has been received from the
American Embassy, and it is under
stood that even Dr. yon Holleben thus
far has no specific instructions on that
point.
The German Foreign Office, as a mat
ter of fact, does ilot possess sufficient
data or reliable information from mer
chants to enable it to put forward
clearly expressed views.
The German Agrarian press violently
comments on the latest official statistics
of Germany's meat imports for the first
nine months of the current year, show
ing that the importation of American
pork has more than doubled, compared
with the imports of 1897.
The Agrarian organs insist that tariff
provisions with the United States ought
to be framed to wholly exclude Ameri
can meat products from Germany. They
also bemoan the increasing imports of
American horses, which were valued at
4,143,000 marks in 1597 and which have
almost doubled this year. These papers
also maintain that much American
horse flesh comes in the shape of saus-
ages.
The Berlin Tageblatt makes this in
teresting admission: "In German com
mercial circles the conviction has long
become settled that the dangers arising
from American pork and the notorious
San Jose scale have been magnified,
just as years ago were the perils of the
Colorado beetle. We are therefore anx
ious to ascertain whether the renewed
attempts of the American Government
to convince the Agrarians and the Ger
man Government of the thoroughness
of American supervision of pork ex
ports and the hygienic results of the
drying process applied to American
fruit have been successful. We doubt
it, for whatever does not put money
into the pockets of our Agrarians they
do not believe in."
COLLECTING DIMES
FOR A BATTLESHIP
Scheme of a Trio of San
Joseans.
"ENDLESS CHAIITOF LETTERS
CLAIM THEIR INTENTIONS ARE
"SQUARE."
Trying to Raise Millions Through
Ten-Cent Subscriptions for a
Craft to Be Called the
California.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 10.— Three citizens
of Santa Clara County have formed a
copartnership under the name of the
California Battleship Club for the pur
pose of building a great fighting ma
chine to be named the California and to
be donated to the United States Gov
erment. These men are J. W. Hamble,
president of the club; W. E. Jackson,
secretary, and A. H. Upton, treasurer.
The scheme for raising the millions of
dollars necessary for such a purpose
Involves the old "endless chain" letter
proposition. Citizens of this city and
county are now receiving these letters
and are asked to remit the modest sum
of 10 cents to aid in building the great
warship. They are asked also to make
four copies of the letter and mail them
to four friends, with the request that
they do likewise.
The scheme has been used by swind
lers all over the country to obtain
money from country people on the plea
of erecting churches, etc., and, al
though a "home products' people of
this city view the idea with suspicion.
Secretary Jackson asserts, however, it
is "on the square."
W. E. Jackson, the secretary, is a
wood and coal dealer at 335 North
Fourth street. When questioned to
day he said the letters sent out truth
fully explained the matter. The Cali
fornia Battleship Club was organized
on August 29 last. He said himself,
Jackson and Hamble, the latter two
orchardists on the Stevens Creek road,
got the idea from an Eastern paper,
which spoke of an "endless chain"
founded by a Red Cross Society. Jack
son said the scheme had not been ad
vertised, but from five to ten letters
are being received every day. So far
$14 had been collected. When told that
it was a big undertaking to raise sev
eral million dollars for building a war
ship, he said if the amount could not
be realized the money received would
be given to the Red Cross or some
charity.
While the object of the California
Battleship Club is commendable, the
fact that its work has been secret
arouses suspicion. Such a move should
have the support of the entire public.
Instead it was only to-day that the
matter became publicly known and
then through no fault of the club, but
through a person who had received a
letter.
Have you seen the new collection of paint
ings at Wm. Morris' art rooms, 248 Sutter? •
PRISON DIRECTORS
RIGHT A WRONG
Persecuted Lads Freed
at San Quentin.
ARE OVERJOYED AT RELEASE
HAPPY SEQUEL TO THE SAN LUIS
OBISPO OUTRAGE.
State Board Recommends Pardons for
the Gibson Brothers — Many
Other Applications Are
Passed Upon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, Dec. 1.0.—
The Board of State Prison Directors
held an important session to-day, at
which over forty petitions for pardons,
commutations and paroles sent in by
Governor Budd were acted upon. The
day was rendered memorable by the
release of the three boys who were so
inhumanly "railroaded" into the peni
tentiary from San Luis Obispo County.
Earl Tousley's sister was waiting for
him in San Francisco. Accompanied
by Guy Lamb, the two proceeded to
Bakersfield on the first train. Christone
Portlock proceeded to Watsonville,
where he has relatives. The little fel
lows were simply overjoyed at their
good fortune and thanked Warden Hale
and Captains Birlem and Edgar indi
vidually for many little kindnesses
shown them during their incarceration.
After a lengthy consideration of the
case of the Gibson boys, who were sent
to prison for the murder of Fletcher
Burton in Kern County in 1893, the
board decided that the two young fel
lows were entitled to a pardon, and so
recommended to the Governor. This is
one of the most famous criminal cases
known in the State, and has been the
most bitterly fought. Letters were sent
by every prosecuting attorney connect
ed with their trial, by two District At
torneys, the Sheriff, all the attorneys
at the Bakersfleld bar and every county
official, asking for the pardon of both
William and Charles Gibson. A peti
tion to the Governor in their behalf
was signed by nearly every business
man in Bakersfleld. Every protest had
been withdrawn except that of one sis
ter of the murdered man, and it was al
lee-ed that she acted from personal mo
tives. Even Luther Burton, a brother,
asserted his belief in the boy's inno
cence.
There were affidavits without number
on file, but the one given most con
sideration was made by A. R. Craw
ford, who deposed that Mrs. Myra Orr,
a former wife of "Jack" Spratt, whom
many affiants believed was the mur
derer, and who had been concerned in
a robbery near Kernville with both
James and Fletcher Burton, had told
him she could make an affidavit to facts
showing the Gibson boys innocent, and
would do v so were it not for fear of
causing Spratt to be imprisoned. The
latter disappeared shortly after the
murder and has not been heard of since.
Other petitions acted upon were a3
follows:
W McLaughlin, Calaveras County,
murder in the first degree, committed in
1896; life sentence; action favorable.
J J Alvarez, San Diego, murder,
committed in 1890; life sentence; par-
don recommended.
L Carr, San Francisco, grand lar
ceny, sentenced for five years; petition
denied. _
H E Brown, Sonoma County, murder
in the first degree, life sentence; peti
tion denied. Brown is the man who
saved the life of "Uncle Jimmy"
Hushes of Ukiah while confined in Jail
there He has powerful friends, and,
it is believed, will obtain freedom soon
ei Malati Rossi, Marin County, life sen
tence commutation recommended to
twenty-eight years if Rossi consents
to leave the State.
C W Hawes, murder in the second
degree,' sentenced to fifty years; peti
"s'tevcTwade, Santa Clara County, se
duction, sentenced to 750 days; petition
eßurre Burr Bebee, Modoc County, murder,
life sentence; case referred to prison
physician for examination as to mental
soundness.
C. J. Hooley, Sierra County, assault
with "deadly weapon, sentenced to one
and a half years; case referred back to
the Governor.
Jose Maria Alviso and Frank Alviso.
murder in the second degree: life sen
tence; case referred back to the Gov
ernor.
Warden Hale reported the establish
ment of two new guard posts, and gay»
the number of grain bags on hand
available for sale at 3.309.500. with
enough raw jute to last until May 15.
1899.
GUNBOATS TO JOIN
ADMIRAL DEWEY'S FLEET
The Bennington, Helena, Concord and
• Petrel Will Do Duty in Phil
ippine Waters.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10. — Admiral
Dewey's fleet will be strengthened short
ly by the addition of some serviceable
gunboats. The Bennington. now at Hon
olulu, has been ordered to proceed to
Guam, in the Ladrone group, and to
make a survey of the harbor with a view
to the establishment there of a naval sta
tion This done, she will join Dewey s
fleet. By that time or before the Helena
will have arrived at Manila and the Con
cord and the Petrel, now cruising •in
Chinese waters, will have returned and,
InBkVoY h 7ndV^
into submission any of the islanders who
may prove refractory and to release Span
ish prisoners held in confinement by the
insurgents.
Death of Judge Showalter.
CHICAGO, Dec. 10.— Judge John w.
Showalter of the United States District
Court died to-day. He had been ill with
pneumonia. Judge Showaltfer was born in
Kentucky in 1844. He was a. graduate of
Yale. He came West in 1867 and prac
ticed law in Chicago until February 189.,
when he was appointed to the Federal
bench by President Cleveland. He was
unmarried.
Death Strikes in Martinez.
MARTINEZ, Dec. 10.— Francis Williams,
one of the best known men in the county,
dropped dead this afternoon of heart dis
ease He was bom in Denmark in 1829.
He came to this country in 1846. For
years past he followed the trade of ship
carpenter, and has been prominent in poli
tics. He heTd the position of Public Ad
ministrator by appointment at the time
of his death.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.ADVERTISEMENTS.
Our Christmas
Gift Day,
* #1> Monday,
|Ssfft Dec. J2th,
y^H<^sg& ; Between the hours of
T^U'ljSl & A.M.
■ I// 4J \ « OF* M
\\ \| Handsome
DOLL
12 inches long, real Bisque head, full
jointed body, such as retails for We, will
], presented FREE to each customer
whose purchase Is 50c or over.
AN ELEGANT SOUVENIR SPOON
Will be presented to each customer whose
purchase is 25c or over.
Everybody We T come.
w
rTlibr TIib No-Percentage Drug Go.
949-951 Market St.
THE LARGEST CUT RATE DRUG
HOUSE OX THE COAST.
PAINLESS
DENTISTRY!
gjvvmni Teeth filled 'oy Care-
*Bl* 631 ' u l. Experienced Den-
ta 5/53 tists at % the usual cost
£lj ' ?:3j Fillings from.... 25c
i« /\i I I Plates, with free extrae-
MLjLfl tion, from $1.50
PAINLESS EXTRACTION A SPECIALTY.
DR. HIBBINS r DENTAL PARLORS,
DR. T. S. HIGCINS, Proprietor,
927 Market Street.
V Over Cafe Zioktnd. TAKE ELEVATOR.
OPIUM. MORPHINE
A SIX DAYS' TREATMENT SENT ON
TRIAL BY MAIL TO ANY ONE WHO
HONESTLY DESIRES TO BE
CURED OF THE OPIUM,
MORPHINE OR CO-
CAINE "HABIT."
Remedy Contains No Opiates or Poisons, Cures
th».Draarittri ".Ha^u" Permanently ,
" Without Suffering.
A well-known practitioner of Cincinnati,
0., after many years' close study has dis-
covered a remedy that permanently cures
the morphine, opium, cocaine, laudanum
an.l similar habits. In order to let the
sufferer realize how easily he can be cured
at home, without any suffering, deten-
tion from business or loss of time, the
doctor sends a six days' treatment on
trial to any one who actually desires to
be cured.
The cure is complete and permanent !
and leaves the patient in a condition of
i perfect i.ealth.
If you are or have a friend addicted to
the "terrible habit, write to Dr. Carlos
Brulsard, 231 Glenn Bldgr., Cincinnati, 0..
for a trial treatment. All correspondence
strictly confidential. Write to-day.
STANDARD MIXED
PAINT!
AT MANUFACTURERS* PRICE.
7ffc Per
C & Gallon
Reduced from $1 25 per gallon.
•'- Color Card Sent Free.
■ . Money Back If You Do Not Like. It.
BUSWELL PAINT CO.,
302 Market St., Cor. Front, S.F.
UtXm\> »t» flit / ■ a m t-lr^BHl
iaHHL^ m• 1 1 if * r±Y
AUCTION
k . -OF-
vestment, Business, Residence and
Unimproved Property
To be held at our Salesroom
14. Montgomery Street
— ON —
MONDAY DECEMBER IOTH, 1898
At 12 o'clock Noon.
POTUERO AVENUK LOTS.
18 building lots.West sMe Potrero Are., between 19th
»nd 20th street*: onr-fiftfi ca«h, baliDce in one, two,
three or four annual payments with int»re«ton the third
payment at the rait, of 7 per cent. i>er annum.
EXKCUTORB' SALE.
I>t*te of A. Cooper Demwd Lot and Imple-
ments, No. 323 South »ide Washington street, 80 feet
Kant of Battery utreet ; «ize 20x60 feet, Stcre occupied
us Restaurant. Property renting for «67.
STOCKTON STKKKT RESIDENCE.
IKS Stockton street, West «ide, 80 feet South of Chest-
nut,' two-story house of 9 rooms and bath and 2 attic
rooms, bay windows. concrete foundation, stone side-
walk, street paved, lot 4CxC.) with the right of continu-
ous osc of alley 17:tix60 feet. Mortcage of <2,0C0 in bank
cau remain if desired.
'-■ ■-- TURK STREET CORNER.
Ttoilrling lot, S W. cor Turk Street and Centra! Are
27:6x110 feet. Mortgage of >500 in San Francisco
Savings Union ; can remain if desired.
SHA.VAUAX I- STATE.
Administrator's Sale. No. 1410-10% Harrison street,
between lctti and lltii streets, two flats of six and fire
rooai3 and basement; lot £5x75 feet. Sale subject to
approval of till Probate Court. - v .• „ f
-lON CORNER.
To clone an Estate. In subdivisions, 5 houses In flats
of four room* e»Ci>, 1201, 1203, 12C5, 12U7, 1209, 1211, 1213
and KM Sanchez Btre-t, and 3951 and MM Twenty-fifth
£tr< ct. Reaidencc N.K. cor. Clipper and Hanchrz xtrett
and stable. Vacant lot East side of Sanchez, 112 feet
North of diaper street.
HOWARD STREET BUILDING LOT.
_ Choice lot 15x!38 feet, South-east me Howard Street,
f 165 feet 2% inches B B. of Thirteenth street.
For further particulars apply at our office
G. 11. ITMBHEN X" CO., Auctioneer*
~ ." 14 Monte-ornery Street,
. NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KKAi.NV AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
, modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD & '
CO. European plan. Rooms 60c to $150 day;
i- 7 , to JS-.week; is to $30 month.,* Free. baths: hot
and cold water every room; fire grates In every
room; elevator runs all night.
WAS THERE A
JOKER IN THE
AMENDMENT?
Mechanics' Institute Is
Aroused.
A MEETING THAT WAS WARM
HORACE WILSON INCURS THE
DISPLEASURE OF SOME.
He Is Denounced as Trying to Insti
tute Star Chamber Proceedings
in the Conduct of
Elections.
The quarterly meeting of the Mechan
ics' Institute, held last night In the As
sembly Hall on Post street, was charac
terized by discord, wrangling and violent
bursts of denunciation against the pres
ent method of conducting the institute.
The trouble arose over the following ex
tract of a proposed amendment to the
constitution, which was finally voted
down after a bitter contest of nearly an
hour and a half:
At the quarterly meeting in December of
every year, or at a met-ting of the members of
the Mechanics' Institute duly called for the
purpose, luicr tv the annual election, there
shall be elected from the body ot numbers a
committee of five who shall prepare find sub
mit a list of candidates for trustees to serve
for the ensuing term.
This committee shall be chosen in the fol
lowing manner:
Nominations shall be made separately, and
when seconded shall be recorded by the secre
tary. When no further nominations are offered
the chairman shall declare the same closed.
The secretary shall then reaxl the names of all
nominees as recorded .and the members shall
proceed to ballot, each member voting for
five nominees, and the five nominees receiv
ing the highest number of votes shall be de
clared the committee.
The list of candidates submitted by this com
mittee shall be known as the regular ticket,
and shall be posted on the bulletin board in the
library by the secretary not later than thirty
days before the annual election, and shall be
printed and *ent by mail to all members at
the expense of the Institute. If the ticket be
not posted as above required It shall not be
called the resular ticket.
Additional nominations may be made by
petition.
Any candidate for trustee may file with the
secretary of the Institute, twenty days before
the election, a notice of his candidacy signed
by himself and thirty other members eligible
to vote at the ensuing election, who shall in
dorse no other candidate's nomination. Such
candidate's name shall be placed upon the
•regular ticket in addition to those submitted
by the nominating committee, under the desig
nation "Candidates by Petition."
Some accused Horace Wilson, the
framer of the resolution, of attempting to
Injure the institution by concentrating the
executive power In the hands of a com
mittee of live, thereby creating .1 course
of procedure allied to star chamber pro
ceedings. It was claimed that if absolute
power were invested in such a committee
the members could use arbitrary means
in conducting the affairs of the institute
by substituting, instead of the liberal
form of government which now charac
terizes it, a political ruling body that
would have no other object but furthering
its own interests to the exclusion of those
of the institute. It was also contended
that if such a resolution as that proposed
were adopted a member who now has all
the privileges of aspiring for elective of
fice would be totally ignored if he hap
pened to incur the disaiiurobation of the
men appointed to tne* Committee of five.
One of the members claimed that if a man
happened to be blacklisted under such a
regime his name would never be pro
posed before the representatives of the
institute, and he would lose all existing
rights as a member of the organization
until he could effect a reconciliation with
those on the committee against him. In
short, politics would enter largely into
the management of the institute, which
would probably wreck it, as political man
agement has virtually wrecked the Mer
cantile Library Association before it
Upon the defeat of the proposed amend
ment a motion was made to have it di
vided, omitting that portion relative to
the proposed scheme of vesting arbi
trary power In the hands of the rommit
tee of five. After vainly endeavoring to
carry the motion through it was finally
ascertained that action could not be
taken on such division until the next
quarterly meeting, to be held next March
It was then proposed to advertise the
intention of the revision of the original
amendment, as customary, in the circu
lar published by the institute for the in
struction and edification of members
This motion, as in fact all the motions
proposed during the course of the meet
ing, met with a division of opinion as to
the advisability of such publication Ev
ery individual member seemed to have
his own views on the subject, enter
ing into eloquent arguments as to the
good and the evil that would inevitably
result from such action, and incidentally
impugning the intelligence of those mem
bers entertaining and expressing an an
tagonistic argument to that proposed and
made by him. At last it was decided to
republish the amendment as revised and
give every subscriber to the institute an
opportunity of reading and considering
it before voting upon it at the next meet
ing.
After the amendment was considered
and disposed of several subjects relative
to the progress of the organization were
brought before the meeting and adopted.
In addition to these a motion was passed
providing suitable furniture for the
library and the repair of that portion of
it now urgently in need of renovation.
The subject of painting the pavilion on
Larkin street was considered, as was
also a number of like projected improve
ments, after which the meeting adjourned
until next March.
A Califoniian has patented an attach
ment for shears used in cutting flowers
consisting of a pair of metal plates to be
clampr-rl on the blades to shut and grip
the stem as it is cut off. holding it until
released by opening the blades.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"tOBACCfI CURET
HOW A MOTHER BANISHED CIGARETTES
AND TOBACCO— A HARMLESS REM-
EDY THAT CAN BE GIVEN
IN TEA, COFFEE OR
FOOD.
Any One Can Hare a Free Trial Package
by Sending Name and Address.
Some time ago a well known business
man whose stomach and nerves were
ruined by the tobacco habit was secretly
given a remedy by his wife and he never
knew what cured him of the habit. He
suddenly evinced such a dislike for to-
bacco that he concluded the weed had
finally floored him and that his own deter-
mination made him quit. She then treated
her son, a young man Just 21. He was a
cigarette fiend, inhaang the deadly fumes
almost constantly, and he, too, was made
sick of the "weed." His mother enjoys a
quiet laugh to heraelf at the manner in
which the young man tells of how he
came to the conclusion that cigarettes
were "drugged and poisoned nowadays
and not fit to smoke."
The remedy is odorless and tasteless
can be mixed with coffee or food and'
when taken into the system a man cannot
use tobacco in any form. The remedy
contains nothing that could possibly do
injury. It is simply an antidote .or the
poisons of tobacco and takes nicotine out
of the system. It will cure even the con-
firmed cigarette fiend and is a God-send to
mothers who have growing uoys addicted
to the smoking of cigarettes." The rem-
edy is called Tobacco Specific, and a free
trial package of the remedy will be mailed
prepaid Upon application to Rogprs Drug
and Chemical Company. 144 Glenn build-
ing. Cincinnati. Ohio. This will help any
woman to solve the problem of curing her
husband, son or brother of a habit that
undermines the health, leaving the body
susceptible to numerous lingering and
dangerous diseases.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1898.
ON THEIR KNEES
TO ACTOR HASTINGS
ERNEST HASTINGS, leading man of the Alcazar Theater, has given
ear to the pleadings of the management and has— after a proper delay
—consented to recall the cruel words that were to have ended his stay
there.
Gretchen Lyons, leading lady of the theater and particular friend of
Hastings, whose discharge came at the early part of the week, is busy
packing her wardrobe and will leave for Milwaukee— oh, the hollow mock
ery and the bitterness of it!— to rejoin her husband, Lucius Henderson,
who is playing "leads" in a Milwaukee stock company.
The return of Actor Hastings to the Alcazar can hardly be classed as
an arrant case of backsliding. Regard for a fellow professional is all well
enough, but the middle of a season, with no engagement in prospect un
til spring, is sufficient to cause the most determined mind and stanchest
heart to quail.
When Hastings recalled his angry words there was enacted a more
dramatic scene than the popular actor ever answered "steen" curtain
calls for. Thall called the Thespian into his sanctum and begged and im
plored that he let the light of his liquid eyes and the brilliant rays that
emanate from his massive intelligence continue to brighten the humble
playhouse of which he was the humble, humbler, humblest manager.
At first Hastings was cold with a $150 a week coldness; but when Thall
threw his arms about his neck and managerial tears took all the starch out
of the actor's "dickle," there were decided Bymgtams of relenting-. ( The
finale of this scene, according to the Alcazar "press agent, w*s something
sublime. His "I withdraw my resignation" was given in a terrific voice,
and as he stood with folded arms and frowning brows, Thall fell at his
feet, clasped his knees and muttered a tear-choked "Thank you."
Behind all this story of a manager's weakness is a tale in which there
is more method than madness. Since the published resignation of the
leading man the theater telephone has known no rest. Plaintive voices
have sent Imploring messages, and the refrain always said: "Oh, say,
don't; please don't let Hastings go. Miss Lyons is a mean little thing;
but he — oh!—:" So sang the matinee girl, aud when she wills the man
ager must obey, and that is why Thall went down on his knees and proved
himself even a better actor than a manager.
The closing scene of the "leading man and leading lady" will probably
take place at the Sixteenth street station. Lovers of tender little scenes
who wish to witness the parting of very dear "friends" are already putting
in applications for reserved seats.
A NEW PLAN SUGGESTED
FOR REORGANIZATION
THE IDEA IS TO FILL TJP THE
SKELETON COMPANIES.
Company A of the Fifth Infantry to
Take Part in the Military Dis
play at the Inaugural.
The experiment to reorganize the Na
tional Guard of the State on the lines laid
down some time since has not proved as
satisfactory as it was expected it would.
The great difficulty that presented itself
was in the matter of physically examining
the men who signed the petitions to have
the several companies built up again.
Those men who were not accepted for the
volunteer service, and the majority of
these were married men, who were in
formed that they were not desired to fill
the quota of the State, signed the peti
tions to have the companies of the several
regiments put in active service again, but
when it came to the physical examination,
these men declined to go before the board
of surgeons.
Then followed discussions by the sign
ers as to the power of the authorities to
compel the signers of the petitions to be
examined, and the result of a number of
conferences was that the men who were
not accepted to go with the Manila con
tingent were decided to be National
Guardsmen, were in the companies they
belonged to at the time the call for volun
teers came and that taey were never dis
charged but were ready at any and all
times to perform military duty In the
State and that being the case they could
not see why they should be required to
make application to be admitted as mem
bers of a body to which they belong and
from which they never had severed their
connection.
When that determination was reached,
and it was pretty general, the officers who
had charge of the reorganization found all
further progress stopped. Now there is
some talk of a different method of proced
ure It has been suggested that if a com
pany. say of the First Infantry, now has
thirty-five men on its roster, simply to
add fifteen new men to it, to uring it up
to the minimum, and after these new men
shall have been examined to swear them
I in and allow the company to select the
ofllcers and then put the company on an
i active footinr. ' is claimed that if
i that method is followed the First and
1 Fifth Infantry regiments can be re-estab
i llshed within two weeks from the time the
i new plan is put into operation. There will
I be a conference of the officers at the head
of the/ guard to that end, and if the plan
is favorably received it is nrobable that
active work will be resumed before the
close of the year.
Company A of Oakland, Fifth Infantry
Regiment. Captain Poulter, sixty men
strong will go to Sacramento next month
! to form part of the military escort during
! the inauguration of Governor Gage. An
| effort is being made to have the Signal
' Corps of the Second Brigade, Captain
', Hewesl commanding, visit the capital
i at that time and take part in the inaug
i ural ceremonies, but as yet nothing def
! mite has been decided upon.
The Signal Corps of this city, while not
i engaged in drills this month, has not been
idle. The officers have perfected a plan
of the city, so that at any time squads
of men can be sent to any of the forty
points of eminence to engage in signal
work, flag, heliograph or torch. The va
rious stations have been selected with a
view to establish a cordon of signals
around the entire city. As soon as the
present vacation is over the men will be
sent to the several stations to practice
Alcazar Leading Man Induced
to Recall His Resig
nation.
the exercises that are required of them.
By reason of the vacation there is but
little doing in the Naval Militia, yet,
while the men are not compelled to drill,
they on Sunday go out for boat practice,
so they will not be rusty when the rou
tine work is engaged upon again next
month.
Last Tuesday all the officers of the Sec
ond Division, excepting Captain Turner,
who is still. absent in the Hawaiian Isl
ands, and Lieutenant Gunn, who is East,
enjoyed an officers' mess on board of the
Marion. An excellent repast was served
at the expense of the officers, and after
the dessert had been served there was a
general discussion for about two hours on
what is for the best interest of that
branch of the National Guard. It was
expected that there would be some ad
vices from Lieutenant Gunn, who went
from here as a delegate to the conven
tion of Naval Militia representatives held
in Philadelphia on the 2d inst., but no
telegram came from him.
Lovely 6c wines surprise crowds daily. Why
not you? Mohns & Kaltenbach, 29 Market
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f-B+B+B+H+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B-
WEAK MEN
/ *\ Young or Old, :
jA , v J^^ Who would speedily regain their former vigor
} ' if /ZwSf d£LjjN " should wear
As • li'JkM DR. PIERCES FAMOUS
*\ x ELECTRIC BELT AND SUSPENSORY!
4££&Ji£S'?'if.'L*l[ %v No drugs • necessary. ■■ Electricity does the
§§Ilm^'' f'W'^s^^^' work. Thousands have been cured. Buy no
T' M m^ { jm^ belt till you see "DR. PIERCES.-
frVmWK^^RIBffiSIEOTSW c ■' Cal/ at the office or send 2c in stamps
mWW^^St^SiS • *" " pAMpHLET °- 2." Address
W^pMß|l' pierce electric co.,
. . 620 Market Street (Opp. Palace Hotel) San Francisco.
ygeZTS^ Ask Your
#C«V^MBAU^\ DRUGGIST
l^^Af ooo^! ' *° T > » ; generous '
tAsk Your
DRUGGIST
for a generous
TRIAL_SIZE.
f >JyA Ely's Cream Balm
for ■.;••-.
A^gA CATARRH
.' Cream.; Balm _is placed „ Into •,' the ; nostrils,
spread "over the membrane and Is absorbed.
Relief Is Immediate and a cure follows. It is
not drying — does not produce sneezing. ■• Large.
60c: Trial Size, 10c; at Druggists or by. mall.
ELY BROTHERS, 56 Warren St.. New York.
■DR.MCNMTY:
rpHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
L Specialist euret Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o; Men only. * Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 2o y'rs' experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours!)
' to 8 dally; 6.30 to 8:30 ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call, or address
? S'*>; ROBCOB JIrMIJY, M.D. "•*>
26! 3 Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal.
CYCLERS WILL
RACE FOR SIX
DAYS HERE
Heroes of New York
Contest Coming.
SPORTING CARNIVAL PLANNED
SPRINTERS AS WELL AS DIS
TANCE MEN TO COMPETE.
A Local Syndicate Plans an Open-to
the - World Tournament
on an Ambitious
Scale.
The six-day bicycle race, which closed
last night and which, according to the
dispatches, took New York by storm dur
ing the time it was in progress, will be
duplicated in this city early in February.
According to the plans of a syndicate here
the leading riders will be brought across
the continent and will be seen in Mechan
ics' Pavilion.
Some months since it was given out that
W. A. Brady and his associates would
promote a long-distance race here, but
they have abandoned the idea and others
have taken it up and will carry it through
on a larger scale. In addition to Miller,
Waller and other riders, wfio have distin
guished themselves in these remarkable
contests, they will bring some of the fast
est sprinters for short-distance contests.
Floyd McFarland and Orlando Stevens are
already on the ground and it is known
that Tom Cooper and other men among
the top notchers have already planned for
a trip to this coast next spring to pre
pare for the season's campaign.
The plans of the promoters are of the
most ambitious character and promise a
meeting of greater magnitude than any
ever held here. The purses will be suffi
ciently large to attract the best riders and
it is expected that entries will be secured
from local riders for the six-day grind as
well as for the shorter distance races. It
is the intention to have tne latter both
afternoon and evening during the progress
of the- big race. The track will be modeled
after the one used in Madison Square
Garden and will probably be designed by
Frank D. Elwell of this city, who has an
international reputation as a trackbuilder.
Six-day races have a fascination .or peo
ple that cannot be explained. After the'
first four days the remarkable endurance
of the riders is a matter for speculation
and discussion, as it then shows the strain
to which the human body can be subjected
without the machinery breaking down.
Representatives of the New York Health
Department took a hand in the race there
and when a riiier showed signs of break
ing down he was ordered from the track.
The riders were so well prepared for the
test of endurance to which they subjected
themselves that this happened to but few.
Frank Waller, one of the heroes of the
Eastern race, learned to ride on this coast,
and at one time raced under Acme Club
colors. He would be welcomed back as a
Californian if he raced here.
U. S. MARSHAL CANNOT
FIND FIREMAN CANTY
WAS ON WATCH WHEN THE T. C.
WALKEB BLEW UP.
Witness Greenwood Testifies That the
Vessel Carried Over Pressure of
Steam When Racing With
the Dauntless.
The Investigation into the Walker ex
plosion was resumed yesterday morning
before Inspectors Bulger and Bolles. John
Canty, the fireman who was on watch
when the steamer klew un, has not been
found yet, although he has been seen in
Stockton by several witnesses. The Unit
ed States Marshal is after him and has
tracked him to Crockett and Port Costa.
He is a very important witness and it is
believed that he is keeping out of the way
and is endeavoring to make .f uget Sound,
and if he does his version of the unfortun
ate affair will never be known. No deci
sion will be given by the United States
officials until a reasonable time for his
production has elapsed.
John T. Greenwood was the first witness
called. He is at present engineer of the
United States lighthouse tender Hazel,
and was assistant engineer on the Walker
up to last August. He testifies that he
never saw any defects In the boilers or
engines during his time, except that the
steam gauges in the engine room and fire
room registered a difference of ten
pounds. When the engine room gauge
was at 185 the safety valves would not
blow off. He never knew of the safety
valves being wetp-hted or tampered with.
Ex-Engineer Sampson had been up on a
charge uf having carried more steam than
was allowed. Occasionally, when racing
with the Dauntless, the chief, to establish
a record, would change the cut-oft two or
three notches. By doing so for any length
of time the fresh water supply would be
come exhausted and salt water would
have to be used. The result was leaky
MECHANICS' PAVILION
MONDAY, DECEMBER 12TH.
YOU'LL BE SORRY IF YOU MISS IT.
FUN AND MUSIC FOR YOU ALL.
C Theaters, Grand One-hour Walking Match.
2 Bands of Music and Rare Novelties.
A Night of Enjoyment. Admission, 25c.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisine and specific tonic
for the bexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Kestoratlve,
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
Merits: no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & ISRUNE. Agents,
123 Market street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
WiiDr ML $LSO HrTw
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CIT? OF |ffc PARIS
DRY GOODS CO.
Will exhibit the coming week a superb collection of
useful and desirable novelties suitable for holiday gifts
in Handkerchiefs, Fans, Neckwear and Feather Boas.
HANDKERCHIEFS.
French Hand-Embroidered Linen Handkerchiefs, Novelties just received,
$1 00 to $25.00 Each
Hemstitched and Scalloped Hand-Embro dered Linen Handkerchiefs,
25c to $1.50 Each
Plain Hemstitched Linen Handkerchiefs, Vs. l /i and Ji-inch hem,
extra values, l Oc to $1.00 Each
SPECIAL — French Hand-Embroidered Initial Handkerchiefs, all
linen, !*-:nch hem, / $1.50 Box oS Six
FANS. FANS.
Hand-Painted Gauze Fans $1.00 to $3.00 Each
Parisian Novelties, just opened $3.50 to $30.00 ifach
FEATHER BOAS.
18, 36, 54 and 72 inch Feather 80a5... 53.50 to $27.50 Each
NECKWEAR.
Latest novelties in Fronts, Boas, Jabots and
Four-in-Hands of Chiffon, Lace, Liberty or Taffeta.
Black Liberty Boas with Plaited Ends — special values at
$1.50, $2.00, $2.50, $3.50 and $5.00 Each
Real Duchesse Lace Handkerchiefs, in a large variety of designs,
$1.00 to $25.00 Each
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Sts., S. F.
UNION SQUARE.
tubes. In order to attend to his boilers
when under way the engineer of the
Walker would have to neglect the engines,
t"P distance from the engine room to the
fire room being so great that five minutes
would be wasted in visiting the fire room,
and in the mean time a great number of
signal bells would be given.
Robert Dempsey. fireman on the Walkor
during Greenwood's time, had seen the
water so low in the Walker's boilers that
it was out of sight in both glasses. Be
coming alarmed he Immediately put the
l.umps to work. He had never seen En
gineer Sampson looking after his boilers.
Fireman Canty, who was on Sam-son's
watch, had put 185 pounds of steam on
and when Dempsey came on he did the
same, although he had been cautioned to
carry only 160. Demnsov said he bad tired
on the Dauntless, Weber, Mary (larratt.
City of Stockton and other steamers, and
the safety valves would blow off on all ot
them, except the Walker, at the pressure
allowed by law. He had never seen the
Walker carry more than IS") pounds. The
fireman always reported the state of the
water in the boiler room. 
The investigation will be resume! to
morrow morning, when three more wit
nesses, including Canty, if he be found,
will be examined.
ATTRACTIVE GOODS § «
AT ATTRACTIVE PRICES ! feTf?
An infinite variety of Christmas I^WIL
gifts for yourself or for your SaltMN'
friends. |ffj jj 'i™
Cigar Cases— ln Seal, Alligator and fancy
leathers 50c to 90.00
Letter Books— lmitation Seal. Morocco,
Alligator sOc, 75c, 91. 00
Same in Genuine Seal, Morocco, Alligator i
and fancy leathers 91.00 to 94.25 ]
Combination Purses— ln real Seal, AJliga-sl
tor, Vienna, Morocco and Levant, with 1
sterling trimmings 91. 00 to 95.00
Smokers' Sets 50c, 91.00 to 94.00
Ink Stands— Gilt finish, ornamented
sOc to 91.50
Thermometers— Silver-plated, fancy shapes
40c, sOc, 05c
Desk Calendars— Leather, wood or metal.. |
25c to 92.50
Lemonade Sets — 8 pieces, 80 different
styles, decorated In floral and gold crys-
tal 91.00 to 93.50
Decorated in floral and gold, blue or I
green 91.25 to 94.00 j
Decorated in floral and gold, ruby i
91.75 to 94.00 j
8 pieces. Liquor Sets, glass tray
91.00. 91.25. 91.75, 92.00 and 93.50 I
WILL & FINCK CO.,
" I have used Ripans Tabules and they have done me lots of
good, at least my wife says they have," asserts William Donaldson,
a blacksmith. "After a hard day's work I would eat too much, I
guess," continued he, "and suffer like everything. My wife's brother
told me that Ripans Tabules had helped him and he thought they
would help me. I believe they have cured me, but I still take them
regular, for I would not have them pains again for anything. My
partner said, after I was so much better, that I was ready to get well
anyhow, and that I would have got well without them. I believe
there are lots of people that are ready to get well just like I was.
They will get weli when they take the same medicine I did, and not
before. I have worked hard all my life, first on a farm and then in a
blacksmith shop, and have been troubled with dyspepsia ever since I
was *8 years old. Now I feel like I was sweet sixteen. I think
SLipans Tabules are a great medicine."
St. Vincent de Paul Society.
The fourth general meeting of the so
ciety of St. Vincent de Paul of the present
year will be held this afternoon at 3
o'clock in the hall of St. Francis Church,
Vallejo street and Montgomery avenue. A
report of the transactions of the society
for the past year will be presented and
considered. The term reports of the con
ferences will also be read before the meet
ing. All the members of the society, with
out exception, are requested to be pres
ent. Badges will be supplied by the presi
dent of the various conferences to each
individual member.
A meeting will be held in the morning
in the same hall, where all the members
are supposed to assemble preparatory to
marching to the church above and receiv
ing holy communion in a body. All the
members, active or honorary, can gain a
penary indulgence in the feasts of th 3
Immaculate Conception of the J3lessed
Virgin Mary on the second Sunday after
Easter and. on the ttrst Sunday of L.ent (
provided th<it. having confessed! their
sins, they shall receive holy communion
at the mass at which the members attend
in a body. •
Perfumes — Violets, Genuine French Ex-
tracts, Ylar.g-Ylang, Violet, White Rose,
Heliotrope, Jockey Club. Chypre, Peau
d'Espagne, %-oz bottle, 25c, 1-oz bottle,
sOc
Acacia, Tuberose, Primrose. Wood Vio-
let, Valdora Bouquet, Tsarine, Lllas
Blanc, Mlabys, 2-oz bottle 91.00
Hudnut's Extracts, Moska Lily, India-
notls, Vertrose. 2-oz bottle 91.00
Silver-plated Cups, nicely engraved
25c, 50c, 75c. 91.50. 92.50
Cake-Basket, satin finished, engraved
91.25
Berry Dish, silver-plated frame and col-
ored glass bowl 91*25
Child's Sets. Knife. Fork and Spoon
15c. 25c, sOc, 91.00, 91.75
Clocks— lron Mantel, enamel finish. In
black, green or mahogany, gilt trimmed.
8-day time, cathedral gong, hour and
half hour strike
94.05, 96.00, 90.00 and 90.50
Small gold plate fancy Boudoir
92.50 to 97.50
Triplicate Mirrors, Nickel or Oak Frames,
celluloid ranets
91.50, 92.25. 92.50, 93.50, 95. 97.00
Shaving Mirrors 91.00. 92.75
Hand Mirrors In fancy woods
$1.25. 92.50
818-820 /VIARK.ET ST.
MAIL ORDERS FILLED PROMPTLY.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third street*, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the '-ear.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes ptreet; open until 0:S0 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; I'pen until 9:30 o'clock.
€15 Lai km street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner fctxteenth; open
until o o'clock.
306 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2U6 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
KW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist, Central
block, 223 Sutter st., bet. Kearny and Grant
Christian Science Bible lessons, 11 a. m.
and 7:45 p. m. Subject, morning, "Sacra-
ment"; everting, "King Jehoiaklm's Rejection
of God's Message." Sunday school for chil-
dren, 11 a. m. Testimonial meeting Wednes-
day evening at 8 o'clock. All are welcome.
6T. PAUL'S Church, California St., near Fill-
more— W. M. Reilly. rector. Holy com-
munion, 7:30 a. m. Sunday-school, 9:30 a.
sn. Morning prayer and sermon by the rec-
tor, 11 a. m. ; subject, "The Apostolic Rite
of Confirmation." Evening service and ser-
mon, 7:30. Music by St. Paul's vested quartet
and chorus choir. J. B. Warburton, musical
director.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner Van Ness
aye. and Sacramento st.— Rev. Robert Mac-
kenzie. D.D., pastor: Rev. Edwin 11. Jenks.
co-pastor. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at 11
a. m. Mr. Jenks will preach at 7:30 p. m.
Sunday-school at 12:45 p. m. Y. P. S. C. E.
at 6:15 p. in. All are welcome. _______
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Pow-
ell and Geary Bts.— Rev. John Hemphlll. D.D..
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
Topic, evening. "A Problem in Profit and
Loss." All are made welcome.
FIRST Free Baptist Church, Bush St.. nr. Lar-
kin— Services. Sunday, December 11, at 11
a. m. Preaching by Rev. Henry Ford of
Hillsdaic. Mich., field secretary of the United
States for the Free Baptist churches. Sub-
ject, "Pressing Forward." This is Mr. Ford's
last sermon before taking his departure for
the East. In the evening the pulpit will be
filled by Rev. Mr. Graif of Oakland. Sunday
school. 12:30 p. m. Y. P. S. C. E. weekly meet-
ing, Sunday 6:43 p. in. Social and business
meeting of the C. E.. second Friday of each
month. Both old and young are Invited to
attend these gatherings which consist of a
musical and literary programme; free to all.
Prayer meeting every Wednesday. 7:30 p. m.
Seats free. Music by the choir. All are wel-
come and cordially invited to attend.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh— Dr. Charles
Edward Locke, pastor, will preach. Subject,
11 a. m., "Are Afflictions a Blessing?" At
7:30 p. m., "Our Christmas Jesus Enshrined in
Poetry." No. of series, One. Sunday school,
1 p. m. Rolla V. Watt, superintendent
Christian Endeavor, 6 p. m. This is a peo-
ple's church. Seats all free. Everybody in-
vited. On Tuesday, Thursday and Friday
evenings of this week. Dr. Locke will deliver
a series of stereopticon lectures on "A Yan-
kee In Bible Lands," interspersed with pic-
tures of Christmas masterpieces.
FIRST Congregational Church, cor. Post and
Mason sts.— Rev. George C. Adams. D.D.,
pastor, will preach at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
Morning theme, "What Does the Spirit of
God Mean?" Evening theme, "Reasonable
Faith." All are cordially invited.
FIRST Divine Science Church— M. E. Cramer,
pastor. Discourse at 11 a. m. Subject, "Can
Bodily Immortality Be Demonstrated?" Ser-
vices every Sunday in Yosemite Hall. Native
Sons' building. Mason St., bet. Geary and
Post; take elevator.
AT the Strangers' Sabbath Home (No. 643).
Howard Street Methodist, between Second
and Third— Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, pas-
tor; subject 11 a. m., "Making the Port":
7:30 ]>. m.. "Whom Jesus Received." Offer-
tory solos. "Ever Safe With God" (Cantor),
soprano. Miss Mattie Whittington: contralto.
Miss Ethel Perkins, "My Shepherd" (Lynes).
Seats free and all are welcome.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ. 320
Post St.— Preaching 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
Strangers invited to Investigate our doctrines
and see if we teach in harmony with God's
word. lie that is of God heareth God's word.
"Prove all things; hold fast that which Is
good." "To the law and to the testimony."
C. A. Parkin, pastor.
FhEOSOPHICAL .Society — Public lectures
every Sunday evening at 8 o'clock in Fra-
ternal Hall. Odd Fellows' building. To-
night, "The Evolution of the Devotional Na-
ture in Man," by Dr. James Beard. Lotus
Circle for children at 2:30 p. m. Inquirers'
meeting every Tuesday at 8 p. m. and Thurs-
day at 2:20.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
BOCIETT of Progressive Spiritualists. Occi-
dental Hall. cor. Larkln and McAllister, Sun-
day, December '11. at 7:30 p. m. Speakers:
Mrs. R. S. Lillie, assisted by Mrs. Elizabeth
Lowe Watson, who is a^ivays listened to with
pleasure and profit. Admission 10c.
OAKLAND — Dr. M. Muehlenbruch can be con-
sulted daily except Sunday, 10 to 12 m., 2 to
5 p. m., at Brunswick Hotel, cor. Ninth and
Washington sts.; no hall or parlor' meeting
until further notice.
AT Dr. Rlnes' Spiritual Society. 909 Market,
11. 2, 8. free; Mrs. Bird. 2; Barclay Gilling-
ham. Dr. Carpenter Hanson, Wednesday, 8
• p. m.; 333 McAllister st.; free collection.
SPIRITUALISTS attention!— A new book. "In-
struction In the So-called Physical Phenom-
ena of Modern Spiritualism," by mail, $1.
Address The Liberator. 554 Page st.
SUNDAY night platform: Dr. York speaks at
Scottish Hall. Larkin St., this evening, on
"Our Pedigree and Relations"; voluntary col-
lection.
EDWARD EARLE. 330 Ellis, answers one to
three questions for $1: slate writing, $2; sat-
isfaction guaranteed or no pay.
ATTEND Mrs. Eberhardt's test meeings. 8
p. m.. Excelsior Hall. Mission St., bet. Nine-
teenth and Twentieth; 10c.
3OHN SLATER- grand test meeting to-night;
hall, 909 Market st., 8 sharp; tests and mes-
sages: admission 10 cents.
MRS. SEAL, spiritual and business medium;
circles Wednesday 2 p. m. ; readings dally.
HO Valencia st. v-r:
MRS. HENDEE-ROGERS. readings dally;
circles Tuesday and Friday evenings. 1004
Market st. , •
HARMONIC vibrator demonstrations i Thurs-
days & Sundays: 7:43 p. m. ; 236 Powell; free.
TEST circle to-night: everyone gets a lest; pos-
itive proof of spirit return. Leander, 313 Eddy.
C. V. MILLER'S ethereal materializing
seance: 8 p. m. ; 50c. 409 Leavenworth, rear.
MRS. IRENE SMITH; meeting to-night: 1261
Jefferson, Oakland; palmistry readings dally.
TEST meeting, 2 and S p. m. : 10c; 335 McAl-
lister; Stitt, Nita, Bird, Hargrave, .. others.
ATTEND Katie Huessman's meeting to-night;
10c. 641 Jessie, off Seventh; sittings daily.
TEST circle, 2 and 8 p. m.. 25c. 1346 Market
st. MRS. MARY EVENS; readings daily.
MRS. EGGERT AITKEN. test medium; sit-
tings daily. 120 McAllister St., flat 1. .
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
10c. 605 McAllister; sittings to-day.
MRS. DREW, holds free test meeting to-night;
909 Market st.; convincing tests. : -
MEETING NOTICES.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M., _■ ■
Masonic Temple — Funeral notice: Ofn- _ J^
eers and members are requested to as- jE jfF
eemble at their lodgeroom SUNDAY, /^r^
December 11, at 8:45 a. m. sharp, and from
there proceed to the late residence of our de-
ceased brother, MICHAEL SCHUSSLER. 2342
Pevisadero 6t., to conduct the funeral cere-
monies, commencing at 9:15 a. m. By order
of the W. M. . .
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
NOTICE— O. U. A. M.— Members and friends
are requested/ to be present at the entertain-
ment and smoker, •B. B. Hall. THURSDAY
EVENING, . December 13. By order
■ GEO. F. PALMER. Chairman.
FRANKLIN Savings and Building Associa-
tion—Notice is hereby given that the annual
meeting, of- the stockholders .of the above
association will be held at the meeting room.
No. 413 Bush St.. on MONDAY, the 12th of
December, 1898, at 8 o'clock p. m., for the
purpose of electing directors and for the
transaction of such other business as may
properly come before the meeting.
WM. HATJE. Secy.
F. LUDEMANN. Pre*.
Till: annual meeting of the stockholders 'of
THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF SAN
FRANCISCO. Cal.. will be held at its har.K-
ing house. No. 301 Montgomery St., San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, January 10, 1899,
at 3:15 o'clock p. m., for the election of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. ■
D. B. DAVIDSON, Secretary.
San Francisco. December. 9. 1898. ■
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTlCE— Abandoned children In ; the Roman
Catholic ' Orphan Asylum since > July, 1897:
Margaret Sullivan, age • 7 years; Delia Lang,
8 years; Maud Lovett. 7 years; Maclovia Pa-
dilla. 6 years: Lillian Doherty, 9 years; Anna
Hayden, 11 years. Respectfully. iniwiinmiiimi
, . ■ SISTERS OF CHARITY.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. room* 9-10; tel. 6580.
ROOMS : papered from \ $3: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Har'.mann Paint C 0.'.*341 3d «t.
TO LEASE.
TO LEASE— A -. furnished hotel near a: large
factory, 30 miles distant. 1 Apply R. T.\ WARD
ft CO., 608 Clay it. --■.■•.-•<>r.-- ■■■■.-.-' «y>4-,'J
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
REFINED, accomplished lady from the East
would like position in dentist's office to en-
tertain patrons and lwep books. Box 406, Call.
WANTED— By middle-aged woman, position as
seamstress with dressmaker; would be gener-
ally useful: sm^l remuneration. A "ress for
one week, box «6, Call.
YOUNG lady would like position as companion
or assist morning and evening for room and
board. Address N. M., box 450, Call.
DRESSMAKER takes work home; suits from
$3 up; good work done. 12 Hyde st.
NEAT elderly woman wishes housework In
small family; can do plain cooking; wages
$10. Address E. R.. 1104 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker will accept a few
more engagements in families; ladies' and
children's clothes a specialty; references. Ap-
ply 1212 Scott st.
HOUSEKEEPER- Sensible. refined woman,
good manager; either town or country. Ad-
dress box 1525, Call.
YOI'NG lady desires position as companion;
willing to travel. Address W. E. D., box
259. Call.
AN experienced American cook wishes position;
good references. Apply 319 Minna st.
EXPERIENCED young lady, from the country,
desires position as bookkeeper, cashier or of-
fice work: city or country. Address 462 Minna.
SITUATION by experienced chambermaid. Call
or address 132 McAllister.
DRESSMAKER and tally r working in leading
establishment, desires engagements by the
day, $1 50. GO9 Post St., room 17.
SENSIBLE, reliable, refined woman wishes to
take care of an invalid, housekeeper or assist
in business; city; good home; salary. Address
box 464, Calcl.
YOUNG girl wishes a place In a nice family
to do general housework; wages $15. Call or
address 530 Devisadero St., Monday.
AN experienced dressmaker would like a few
more engagements by the day or would take
work home. Call or address 1309 Lyon st.
COLORED sin wishes day's work at chamber-
work, window washing, house cleaning. Box
349. Call.
YOUNG lady, experienced labeler on any arti-
cle, would like position. Apply MISS J. M.,
5 Bond st.
WANTED— Situation by a respectable young
woman; is a good cook and laundress; or
would do general housework; willing and
obliging. B * 41>;, call.
LADY of refinement with pleasing manner and
business tact, having met With reversals, de-
sires position in dental parlors or doctor's
office; any position of trust. Box 4'!2. Call.
WOMAN wishes a place to go out by day;
house cleaning or washing. Please call at
104 % McAllister st.. rear.
DRESSMAKER wants few more engagements
by the day. 63.", Golden Gate aye.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes to do house-
work by day, week or month. 246 Sixth, room
13, 2d floor; don't ring bell.
DRESSMAKER wishes engagements: terms $2:
stylish, perfect fit. Call or address middle
flat, 124 Fulton st.
YOUNG widow with child 2 years old wishes
situation as working housekeeper. Box 1821,
Call.
WnMAN wants housecleaning by the day. 6
OVonnell pi., off Yallejo, bet. Mason and
Powell.
STRONG j-oung woman will do any kind of
housework, fine hand sewing or mending, half
days only. Address Call Branch, 1941 Mission.
SEAMSTRESS will take work by day or go In
small families, 75c day. 2748 Harrison, nr.
Twenty-fourth.
AN experienced nurse wishes work; would care
for sick people. 232 Linden aye.
AN experienced young lady, German, wishes
position In bakery or delicacy store. Address
box 22, Call.
SITUATION wanted by Canadian Protestant
woman; good cook: will do housework In
private family. Call 6SI Geary.
YOUNG woman with child 11 months wishes
housework. Top floor. 1604 Howard st.
WANTED— Work by the day by reliable
woman: washing, housecleaning or cooking.
Address M. F., 11l Elsie St., Bernal Heights.
GERMAN woman, reliable cook, wishes posi-
tion in good family. German preferred, as
cook or housekeeper. Address 929 Pine Bt.
JAPANESE lady wants situation as plain cook
and housework in family. Address T. N ,
1307. Larkin st.
NURSE to go out by the day or week. In-
quire at 207 Minna st.
WANTED— By man and wife, to work In camp;
woman to cook and man willing to work at
anything; can give references. Address box
906, Call office, Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED lady with daughter desires
position as housekeeper; good heme more ob-
j'-'.'t lhan wages. Box 3.^9. Call.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414U O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 42«.
STEADY, Industrious young man wants posi-
tion in private family; understands care of
horses and milk cow and plain gardening;
willing to work for moderate wages; best of
city references. Address A. ANTHONY, 1318
Seventh aye.. East Oakland.
YOUNG German, understands the care of
horses and cows, can make himself useful,
desires situation. Address box 489, Call.
STEADY married man wishes position around
private place; understands care of garden,
etc. ; reference. 1715 Stockton st.
YOUNG man wants position In private family
or with doctor; salary no object; best of ref-
erence. Box 429, Call.
POSITION as clerk or cashier in hotel by mar-
ried man; 9 years' experience in one house;
best of references. J. EL, box 437, Call office.
iXPERIENCED hotel and restaurant man
wishes a. situation In a hotel as manager.
Address box 449, Call.
COLLECTOR— Young man, good address; thor-
oughly capable; several years' experience;
salary or commission; good chance for doctor
or dentists; best of city references: is a good
salesman. Address box 414, Call office.
BOY' 14 years old wants place to do any kind
of work. Call or address 343 Harriet St.,
near Sixth.
YOUNG man, 21, would like any kind of work.
Call or address 2436 Post St., near Broderlck.
DRUG clerk, graduated prescription clerk,
wants position; good references. Box 417,
Call office.
SITUA.TION wanted for a first-class carpenter
In an institution or somewhere else; able to
go as foreman. Address A. D., 1050 Howard.
RELIABLE young married man desires posi-
tion as bookkeeper or assistant; 10 years' ex-
perience; single or double entry. Box 356, Call.
PLUMBER, first-class, will work by the day
or month for property owner or estate; has
all necessary shop tools. Box 364. Call.
CHINESE; experienced cook and good laun-
dryman, wants place In family. W. H., 1006
Stockton st.
WANTED, by a trustworthy elderly man-
Work around private place; understands care
of horses, milking and garden work; city ref-
erence. JOHN, 138 Fifth st.
EXPERIENCED young male stenographer , an
expert typewriter and all-around clerk, de-
sires position. Box 256. Call office.
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk and bookkeeper
wants position as either above; best refer-
ences; age 23. Box 253, Call office.
WANTED— Work at paper hanging; day, roll
or Job. Address HALL, 1049 Mission st.
FIRST hand baker on bread and cakes. Ad-
dress 2031 Mission st.
WANTED — By man and wife, to run a board-
Ing house in mining camp, mill or factory:
woman Is a good cook and understands her
business; Is neat and clean; man willing to
work at anything; in handy with tools; can
run an engine; Is a good fireman or watch-
man ; can give best of references. Address
box 512, Call office. Oakland. Cal.
CARPENTER, cabinet maker, first-class me-
chanic, wants situation. Call or address 120
Valley st.
JAPANESE wants situation; school boy; pri-
vate family. H. ML'RATA, 583 Geary.
YOUNG man desires a place in an American
family; wages no object: Is more desirous of
learning English; can drive and work in a
garden; references. Address P. L., 408 Bush.
ALL-AROUND handy man attending school
wishes position of any kind, morning and
evening. In exchange for room, board, etc.
Box 356. Call office.
WANTED— Sltuatlo- by an experienced en-
gineer; Is handy with carpenter and machin-
ist tools: best of references. Address box
371, Call.
YOUNG man, speaking English and Spanish,
wishes position In office or commission
house; good penman; good references. Ad-
dress box 431. Call.
CAPABLE, industrious -nan wishes position
as superintendent of r_ ich; highest refer-
ences; large experience. Ilox 491, Call.
A PLACE as assistant bartender, porter or be-
hind lunch counter; steady, sober and reli-
able man; saloon references. Box 425. Call.
BUTCHER: first-class cutter. Call or addresn
J. H.. 2831 Sixteenth st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1898.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
EIGHT waitresses, city and country. $20; 3
chambermaids to wait, $20; 2 cooks, small
boarding house, $25; 5 restaurant waitresses,
$5 and $6 week; 2 lunch and dinner waitresses,
$20; lunch waitress, 50c. C. R. HANSEN _
CO.. 104 Geary et.
SCANDINAVIAN cook and second girl for pri-
vate family, country, $50. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st. ________
COOK, Berkeley, $25; housegirl. San Rafael,
$20, see party here; housegirl, Fresno. $20,
fare paid, see party here; cook and house-
girl. Contra Costa County. $20, choice place;
housegirl, Lorin. $20; German nursegir!.
choice place. $15, and a great many cooks
and housegirls for city, $1.".. $20. $25, ana
many young girls to assist. $10 to $12; nurse-
girl in hotel, $15, sleep home. C. R. HAN-
SEN &. CO.. 104 Geary st.
NEAT woman to cook on small dairy ranch.
$20. fart- paid: woman cook, plain country
hotel, $25: girls for housework, etc. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st._
OPERATORS wanted on shirts. 109 Battery
St.. upstairs.
WANTED— Young lady bookkeeper; state ex-
perience and salary expected. Address b.
P.. box 407. Call office.
OPERATORS wanted on overalls. 33 Battery
St., upstairs.
WANTED— GirI about 15 years of age to as-
sist In light housework; small family. Ad-
dress box 410. Call office.
LADIES earn $S per week working at home;
no canvassing; inclose self-addressed stamp-
ed envelope. Standard Novelty Co., 101
Beekman pt.. New York City.
LADIES to do embroidery work at home; good
pay; experience unnecessary; reply envelope,
for particulars and sample. Manhattan Em-
broidery Co.. Pearl and Beekman sts.. New
York City.
EXPERIENCED tailoress; must be good hand.
121 Post St., room D. ■
YOUNG ladles who play mandolin, lute or
'cello to join orchestra: profitable engage-
ments. Call 1261 Broadway.
10 MIDDLE-AGED good busraesa women
wanted. Call Monday at 765 Market st., be-
tween Third and Fourth, room 2.
YOUNG girl for light housework; $8. 1198
Treat aye., corner Twenty-fifth st.
GOOD reliable girl for cooking and general
housework. 9 to 12. 1420 Sutter St.
TALENTED lady amateur for a road com-
pany. Box 256. Call office.
FINISHERS on custom coats who understand
operating. f2B Howard st.
IN wholesale house— Experienced labeler. Ad-
dress box 416, Call office.
RESPECTABLE elderly lady to assist in care
of children and housework; wages small. Call
in afternoon at 105 New Montgomery st.
LADIES, gents, to take work home; no experi-
ence necessary. 136 Sixth St., room 2.
GIRL to assist light housework and children;
good home; small family; $5. 605 Jessie.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for general house-
work, 2 in family; $4 per week. 2672 Pine.
i IRST-CLASS salesladies for cloak and suit
house. Address box 347, Call.
LADIES— Do not fail to visit the largest and
best-conducted dressmaking and millinery
school in America; we teach the celebrated
McDowell garment-drafting machine, late
improvement, that received the highest
awards and medals at all the fairs; our sys-
tem is used by the finest dressmakers in Eu-
rope and America: easy payments; unlimited
lessons: all are invited to inspect our school:
patterns cut to order, 25c up. McDowell
Dressmaking and Millinery School, 103 Post.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER TAILORING
COLLEGE; lessons $1 per week. 426 Geary.
LADIES to embroider; good paying, easy work
sent to your home; addressed envelope for
sample and materials. EMPIRE EMBROID-
ERY WORKS. 23 Duane st., New York City
RESPECTABLE working housekeeper, age SO
to 35, for a small mountain ranch; permanent
home to competent party. 11., care L. SAN-
DERS, Ophir, Or.
GOOD pants finisher. B^j Monroe St., off Bush,
near Stockton.
SKIRTMAKERsT Apply to C. GREENBERG
CO., 523 Market St., room 8.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns. 25c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
JACQUETTE, formerly civil englne7r~Val7ej>
and Sierra railroads, please call or send ydUr
address to C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Tel. Gram US
1500 railroad laborers for
Skar'ay, fare reduced to
$12 i< Skaguay $12 50
Sub-contracts and station work, both rock
and earth, $1 to $1 50 a yard for rock, 25c to
35c a yard for earth; day laborers average 8
hours at 30c and 35c. Further particulars
and tickets at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, I<M
Geary St.; steamer sails Monday, Decem-
ber 12.
MURRAY & READY Phone 5848 Main
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Want 7 a. m. Monday
5 laborers, city manufacturing company, $1
day and board
25 woodchoppers $1 and 70c cord
20 more tiemakers 8c and 10c
5 granite block cutters. MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay St.
ALL-AROUND butcher for a large ranch, $30
and found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
BAKER, country shop $8 week and board
Candy-maker country
Cooks $40 and $35. ami $9 week
Waiters. dishwash<»rs. etc. MURRAY _
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— First-class tailors on custom coats.
106 Battery st.
8 YOUNG men to go south on nice cruise at
HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
any civil service examination without seeing
our illustrated catalogue of Information; sent
free. COLUMBIAN CORRESPONDENCE
COLLEGE. Washington, D. C.
C'A-HIER and helper with $150; good security;
$35 a month and board. 686 Geary st.
WANTED— Shinglers. J st. and Ninth aye.,
south of park.
OFFICE man to take charge as manager of
law and collection office; must be financially
able to take stock in corporation. Address
box 1522, Call office.
GOING to Dawson with 10 dog teams; will
board and pay wages from Skaguay to 9
men; leaving here Dec. 17. See party Sunday,
2 to 4 p. m., room 1, 22 Market st.
PHYSICIAN who advertises wants man to as-
sist in practice confined to private and
chronic diseases; must be graduated physi-
cian, holding State license, and all-round
good mnn; fair salary at start; write full
particulars. Doctor, box 465, fall office.
BOOKKEEPER; references; state salary
wanted. Box 401, Call office. Oakland.
TO go to-day— 3oo pairs men's second-hand
shoes, some nearly new, from 25c to $1; new
shoes, slightly damaged, % price. 562 Mission
st., bet. First and Second ets. Open Sundays.
MANAGER— Good business manager with $1500
for Oakland; active man or woman with
this amount will learn of an opportunity to
make $200 per month from the start investi-
gate. NOVITA COMPANY, 79 Dearborn st
Chicago.
WANTED — Reliable men and women in every
town to work for us; neat, steady employ-
ment; good wages; no deception; no delay;
send us your address and we will send you
work Immediately. Address Standard Art
Mfg. Co., 142 West Twenty-thirt St.. New
York City, room A.
$25 A WEEK ard expenses to sell cigars on
time; experience unnecessary; holiday goods.
W. L KLINE CO.. St. Louis. Mo.
WANTED for the U. 8. Army— Able-bodied
unmarried men between ages of 21 and S5,
citizens of the United States, of good char-
acter and temperate habits, who cat. speak,
read and write English. For Information ap-
ply to recruiting officer. 425 Montgomery at..
San Fraiicisco. Cal.
CITY agent wanted; references required. 41,
fifth floor, Mills building.
SOLICITOR acquainted with the grocery trade;
salary and commission. Factory. 1308 Mission.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write EnsMsh. and be between 5 feet 6 Inches
and 6 feet in height. For further Information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis »t.,
San Francisco, Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms. 1542
Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms, 25c per night: Jl to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764% Mission
st.. men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. 138% Eighth st.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.
TRY Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.;
thoroughly renovated: 200 rms.; 15c, 25c night.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c, 25c per night; 75c. Jl
to $2 50 per wk. Eicho House, 863% Market st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 "th; tel. Jessie 1104.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sinter st.
HELP . ED— Continued. ; :'■
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis St.. near Jackson. :-■ '\
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st., below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week. ,
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 25c night; reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED— solicitors: ladies or
gents; state salary or commission. Box 287,
.. Call office. " " "
LADIES to sell "Ladies' Friend"; half profit;
no capital required. 1126 Market St., room 2.
ROOMS WANTED.
GENTLEMAN- passing the winter here desires
a handsomely furnished • suite of par.or, bed
. and bath rooms; sunny; north of Market and
within half a mile of Kearny St. Address
' COMFORT, box 284. Call office.
TWO or 3 furnished or unfurnished' rooms; use
of bath; central; cheap. Box 463. Call.
ROOMS AND HOARD WANTED.
WANTED— Room and board bet. Bush and
Vallejo, west of Gough, for lady employed
during day. Box I>2>. Call office. -
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— For cash, a good upright or square
piano. Room 12, Flood building. .
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for cash.
GARDNER & GASSELL. 216 Post st •
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus: second-hand in*) Montgomery lit.
_________
DENTISTS^
A METAL plate for the same price as 'rub-
ber; full set of teeth. $5; crovns. S3; fill-
Ings, 50c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed: extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance S Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown und bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, fZ 50: all
work painlcsa and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tract? or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2. bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible plates $3; received S first prizes:
no students; guarantee 12 years.
SET of teeth, $5; fillings, gold. *1 up; silver. 25c
up: bridge work: plates repaired; all work
painless and warranted ten years. New York
069 Mission St.. corner Sixth.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors: full set
of teeth. $5 up; filling, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings
997 Market St.. corner Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 :/!arket St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work und fillings a
specialty: nil work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny: set of teeth,
$4: filling, gold. 50c: silver, 25c; crowns, $3.
THE Esmond dental parlors. 43 6th — Crown and
bridge work specialists; crowns $3; est. 15 yrs.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, ISII Polk st.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. TR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT $5 50 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD.
$3 50 per month rent: new pianos..
Heine upright $295 00
Steinway upright 187 50
Chlckering upright 235 0"
Sohmer upright 115 00
Knabe uprlprht 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
136 Ellis st.. Y. M. C. A. huildln*.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $t
cash and $6 per month, we. ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method: prices are the
same as if purrhased for all cash: bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some c<~>od pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Fteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
*ts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
A BEAUTIFUL new unripht piano: elegant
case and fine tone: fully Riiarante.d: an of-
fer wanted. Room 21, Flood building.
A NICE Fischer unrlght sacrificed; owner
must sell. Room 12. Flood building.
A FINE Hard mnn. sliphtlv used, cheap for
cash. Room 10. Flood building.
ABSOLUTELY the o!rt**t and largest house
west of Chica_o Is KOHLF.R & CHARE'S.
16. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy t_»
euFtomer.
DURING the next few weeks while our stors
is being remodeled we will offer the .greatest
bargains In pianos and musical merchandise:
call and cet our prices. ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO. 78!) MarY«» st.
A STEINWAY. 5175: Steck, J150; Estey. $225:
Fischer. $250; Weber. 1200; r-asy payments;
pianos rented $1 50 up: rent cllrwed on pur-
chase. Bruenn's Piano House. ?04 Post St.
WM. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento st., agent
for cele' . ated pianos of Francis Bacon of New
York and Hnllet & Davis Co., Boston.
AN elegant Steinway upright, but little used
and In perfect order: a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Warerooms. 1«1< M»'*e< st.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. sole agents for Chlck-
ering. Steck. Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. X O'Farrell st.
NEW Chlckering upright; must sell: family
lesvlng. 1206 Devisadero St., near Eddy.
A FINE bargain; Weber upright, only $60. 216
Post st.
A FINE Steinway and new Chlckering uprlgh.
sacrificed. KEFFFE'S. 101? Van Ness ay»
(ISO— FINE Steinway; great bargain. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
A PIANO that will please you. the Byron
Mauzy. 3W Post st.
HAINES' Bros, and other flrst-clasa pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Posf.
NEARLY new upright piano eh"an: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNO. 216 McAllister.
I "AD" smallest: prices lowest: uprights. $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new Ftyles. KOH-
LF.R ?.- CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
ST'PFRIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULT.KR. maker, repairer 2 Latham nine*
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
1 BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
COST $1200; diamond solitaire earrings; price
; $SSO.
i Cost $960; diamond crescent, 69 stones; price
, $4RO.
3 diamond rings, $130, 90 and $65.
New Arlington, 1015 Market St.
PEDIGREED St. Bernard pups. BUDD RO-
SENBERG, Maple court, off Fourteenth St.,
above Guerrero.
ANGORA Cattery. 557 Ellis St.; thoroughbred
Angora cats and kittens for sale; an appro-
priate Christmas gift.
NEW sealskin sacque for sale; reasonable. Ad-
dress box 488, Call.
A FINE young talking parrot for sale at a
bargain. 1057 .Golden Gate aye.
NICE milch cow for sale, cheap. 2109 Web-
ster st.
FINE singing birds. 337 Jessie St., opposite
Emporium.
MI 'SIC box at a bargain; party going East.
136S Ptevensun St.
GASOLINE Englnes--1 horse power, $100, 2. $125;
3, $150; 4. $175. SMITH CO., 527 Mission st.
COMPLETE tailor's outfit for sale; also 4
rooms and bath for rent. 316 Leavenworth.
PICTCRE framing with glass, now cheaper
than ever: 7x9 inches, 10c; 10x12, 15c; 12x16,
20c; 14x17, 250; 18x20. 30c; 18x22. 35c: 20x24. 45c:
22x25, 60c; curtain poles complete, with wood
or brass trimmings, 15c: room molding, all
colors, lc per foot: colored pictures, studies,
etc. 3 for 10c. JONES. 547 Mission st., be-
tween First and Second; open evenings.
ONE and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap.
HUFSCHMIDT, 623 Golde.n Gate aye.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-IIKM Mission »t..
above Sixth.
SIX horsepower Zenith gas engine: nearly new.
Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission; tel. Br. 331.
SECOND-HAND engines, boilers, pumps, hose.
belting, etc. H. L. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material 1124 Mission: tel. South 757.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second hand; ail
sizes; half orlelnal cost, uv-in Market. S. b\
ELEVENTH. lOC-Branch office of ~The~CaTf
Subscriptions and ads taken.
T I *»Jtai W UITUKS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented? few partly
used for sale cheap; send fcr samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., no Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, $25: Caligraph, $15; Tost. $25;
get cample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery at.
PERSONALS.
I WANT an envelope self -addressed and 111
tell you how to cure drunkenness without
patient's knowledge; don't send money. MRS.
MAY HAWKINS. Grand Rapids, Mich.,
Lock Box 131 "D."
HEALTHY brunette boy baby for adoption.
_MRS. DR. FUNKE. 14i6 Eighth St., Alameda.
LEDERERS QUINONIA— This celebrated Hair
Tonic is a cure for Dandruff; 35c bottle; try
it. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton St.
THERE is but one Hairdresser in town. G.
LEDERER, 123 Stockton St., charges but 25c. |
LEDERER'S Foamo, best shampoo, 5c pkg. ;
switches, $1 up; curls, 45c pr. ; Sund.. 9 to 12. I
ARE you bald? We guarantee to grow hair !
on bald hx-ads, stop hair from falling out,
restore gray hair to its original color, cure '
eczema and dandruff and destroy parasites; i
no pay until satisfied: remedy sent prepaid ,
to any part of the country; open Sundays, 10
a. m. to 12:30 p. m. THE* HIRSUITINE CO..
St. Anns building, rooms 34 and 41, 6 Eddy st.
THE Monarch Shoe Store, 134 C and 134S Market
st., offers a better grade of shoes at .ess price
than any other dealer in town; call and see.
GRAY, falling hair; scalp troubles; details for
stamp. Dr. Custer, 13th .and Franklin, Oakld.
FINE diamond earrings, crescent, 3 rings, $580;
$480; $130; $90; $65. .1015 Market st.
lOUR future told by cards; ladies only 10c;
gents 25c. 77 Ninth St.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; alao
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest |
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland. !
JOSEPH GREVEN, instructor of many now
celebrated singers, will open by request two
classes, each with about 10 pupils, beginning
January; being impossible to receive the many j
applicants for single lessons; classes, month- i
ly $2; ensemble and single treatment; only i
those subscribing before Christmas will be
accepted. Room* 121 and 122, Murpiiy build-
ing, Jones and Market sts.
LADIES only. "Ladies' Friend"; advice.ca.es
and sample free. 1126 Market st. , room 2.
WANTED— To adopt infant; good home. MRS.
HOUSE. 513 Howard st.
CLOTHING, especially ladles' and children's;
price; postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
1 STAMP Albums, best Christmas present; stamps
bought. W. Sellschopp & Co., 118 Stockton St.
.SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or powerful medicines used: treatment simple
effective. MRS. CLAYTON, 1128 Sutter.
RESPECTABLE, educated young woman of
high family connections, but in reduced cir-
cumstances, would like to meet elderly gen- \
tleman commanding good salary or possess-
ing some means; object matrimony; no
triflers. Address box 493. Call office.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester :
House, 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms; (
25c to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week; '
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. '
CHRISTMAS Sale— Japanese bamboo furniture: i
all kinds to order; wholesale and retail; coun- :
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO. 313 Sutter. 1
FOR comfortr durability, elegance and economy ,
have your shoes made to order at store prices ,
by Family Shoe Factory, 1550-1554 Market St.
STRICTURE, enlarged prostate, pain In blad- }
der. urinating too often cured by dissolving
J MES FORD, 114 Fourth St., S. F. j
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices, 1
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny. <
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Sth st.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L. .
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth. i
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly •
Call. In wrapper, for mailing. 1
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSMAKER from the East, first-class cut- i
ter and fitter, goes out by the day; makes ]
suit in 1 day. 22 Octavia st.
LATEST style dresses made, $5 to $fi; dresses '
Blade over. 3 Eddy St., rooms 14 and 15.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College, 91fi Market; men and women teachers.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladies will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr. !
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk St., has returned (
to the city and resumed business; a sure and i
Bafe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will find ■
her a true friend; home fur patients, with ;
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by ;
MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St., betweea ,
Hyde and Larkin.
AL/L. cases of monthly Irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter what cause): safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home in con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialists free and confidential. MRS.
DX. WYETII. 2M Turk st.. near Jones.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' pratcire; ante and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
l:iy; self -cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market St.;
Pills, $1; very strong, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 60 per box, sent free by mail
on receipt of price; consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23 Grant
aye.. S. F. A caution— Before purchasing
elsewhere write us.
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phila.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways In one day; safe and sure; no medicine
or Instruments used: consultation free; saves
disgrace; i Is and capsules, $1; cure $5. By
the well-known ladies' physician for 37 years.
DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: no instruments used: guaranteed cure
at office, $5; travelers helped instantly: hours
9 a. m. to 6 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122
Market st., bet. Mason and Taylor.
aLMENTS-Ladles in trouble see Drs. Good-
win free; reliable, safe and sure: cure In 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints; no instru-
ments; maternity home; best medical at-
tendance; cure. K. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 13G2A Mkt.,bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned spe-
cialist; all monthly Irregularities restored;
whatever cause; all cases relieved Immedate-
ly; call or write; confidential. 1023VJ Market.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay St.;
$1 f.O. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO.. 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. : private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate; infanta adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland Cal.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; pleasant, sunny
home in confinement. 156 Second st. Tele-
phone Green 52.
Bcllevue Sanitarium— Ladles cared for during
confinement. 727 Bellevue aye.. Los Angeles.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
Ing.telegraphy. languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; suh-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; indi-
vidual instruction in shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.: life scholarship, *o0; low rates
ncr week and month.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, nifch. survey. ns3ay. arehit.; day & eve.;
est. ML VAN DER NAILLEN. 953 Market.
ELOCUTION & oratory: F. C. Caldwell: 16 yrs'
experience. Emma Spreckels " ldg, 927 Market.
INSTRI'CTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3941 I4th st.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 123R Mar^
ket r.t.: 400 positions secured in last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
lanc-Vig- short t'me. Tarr. :72 Parrott bldg.
LEGAL NOTICES.
DEPARTMENT" N07~"i07 ~ "Proba te." ' " in the
Superior Court in and for the City and
County of San Francisco. State of Califor-
nia. In the matter of the estate of ISAAC
S. BELCHER, deceased. Notice is hereby
given that Monday, the 19th day of Decem-
ber, A. D. IS9B. at 10 o'clock a. m. of
said day. and the court room of Department
10 of said court, at the new City Hall, in
the city and county of San Francisco, State
of California, have beenr appointed as the
time and place for proving the will of said
I. S. BELCHER, deceased, and for heating
the application of ADELINE N. BELCHER
for the issuance to her of letters testamen-
tary thereon.
Dated Dec. 5. A. D. 1898.
[Seal] CHARLES F. CURRY. Clerk.
By V. F. NORTHROP. Deputy Clerk.
RICHARD BELCHER. Belcher building
Marysville. Cal.. Attorney for Petitioner. '
P ASTU R AGE^
PASTURAGE for horses or other stocls at
Tomales, Marin County. Apply to J. W
KEY'S. Tomales.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION!
Truth Tells and Parlors Crowded,
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
The Celebrated Queen Trance Medium,
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
If. marriage, sickness, deaths, changes, trav-
els, divorces, separations,^ lawsuits, business
transactions, wills, . deeds, mortgages, lost •or
absent triends interest you, if you desire to be
| more successtul, if you desire to have your
i domestic troubles removed, your lost love re-
1 turned, your bitterest enemies converted into
j stanch friends — In a word, ■' whatever may be
, your troubles, suspicions or desires, call on this
I gifted woman and she will send you away
i happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
-.. . MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
I Has no rival In her profession and stands with-
, out an equal before the public. I Thousands who
I visited her and tested her -wonderful power are
! singing her praise throughout the land and is
Recognized by Press and Public Everywhere.
Egyptian Talismans- and Their Power. •
The genuine apply to either sex. They pos-
I sess magnetic power that attracts; the weaker
power is Irresistibly drawn to the stronger. We
all know that any magnetized piece of steel
wil. pick up a needle or a knue by the blade.
The Egyptian Charm magnetizes the body and
controls the mind of one person to do the bid-
ding of the other. The lady or gentleman (as
the case may be) having the most magnetism
I will seek its affinity, and while a lady may be
I able to draw many gentlemen to her the one
j she loves will remain distant. Why? Simply
because she has not sufficient magnetic power
to draw him to her. • , •
THE MESMERIC CHARM
Supplies the power, and a speedy union is the
result. It is perfectly safe and harmless In Its
, workings. It causes happy marriages, removes
: coldness and indifference between husband and
wife. Lovers find in the charm a secret and |
confidential agency, working for their mutual I
interests and producing results so pleasing and i
gratifying they are profuse in its praise, Scores i
who have consulted
MRS. DR. A. D, HOWE,
Consider her advice an.l assistance most valu- |
able. She has made fortunes for many, finding i
for them through her power of second sight in- |
vestments that returned them great profit.
Many married couples who heretofore have i
| quarreled and led miserable lives are now j
j united and living contented and happy. . Drink- I
[ ing husbands have been reformed and re- I
claimed and restored to their families. Absent
friends have been round; wayward girls have
been shown the folly of their ways and started I
in the path of obedience and duty, and a moral j
reformation has restored 1 their social standing j
In their community. AH ....ese things are of i
daily occurrence right in the heart of a great i
city. ■ • • «,.?;.:;■•■■.;?! -
LETTERS COME POURING IN
From all parts of the world, Involving ques-
tions of great import and complexity, and every
reply is most gratifying. To the troubled and !
unhappy her advice is soothing and beneficial, j
giving them that peace of mind that wealth I
nor power can produce. Men or the world con-
sult her upon matters of "business and speu-
latlon, sporting men • upon games of chance.-
Even ministers of the gospel send for her won-
derful Egyptian charm, and marvel at her
power. ' • . .
• ■-'■- ■■-■'.: MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Is the only clairvoyant in the Western Woril
who thoroughly understands the preparation !
and working of the real Oriental Egyptian
Charms. Her truthful reading of the * past,
present and future continues to.be- the source
of great pleasure and profit to all her many I
patrons. .:'.-■-,
Come all who suiter and.be healed; come. all !
speculators and be advised; . come . all lovers
and win your Idol; coma all broken-hearted
wives; come all who are in trouble and learn '
to bless this wonderful medium, the greatest
prophetess now in America.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE
Should not be classed among the many cheap !
pretenders who infest the city and bring din-
repute to the professsion: Madame' parlors are
visited by business men of good repute anxi-
ous for reliable information as to the outcome
of future Investments, and by ladles of high
social standing. ' ■ "-. : >^ '■■ .-■ - •;
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance is priceless. Her > "Revealed
Medicines, registered and copyrighted,- cure
all diseases on earth; consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, . neart and nerv-
ous affections. The wonderful cures which she
has made are the talk of the whole Slope.. .
WRITE '.'■■ - ; ' ' " - ;
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have i been made rich, happy and healthy
without ever, having come to see this wonder-
ful woman. Consultation by mail is always
most successful and -satisfactory, and all corre-
spondence is kept sacredly confidential. Ad-
dress or call MRS. DR. A. D HOWE ■
_ 1104 Market St. (The .Vendome). i
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair - -<
Cut this out. Appears -Sunday only. ;■••-■.
M RS WHITNEyT celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant
cures disease with revealed remedies; consult
when others fall: sittings' $1. 232 Stockton at.
MRS K. HOSKINS. tr. medium; readings
dally, $1; circles Tues. eve., 25c. 322 So
Spring st., Los Angeles. . ; "
BUSINESS medium and palmist: readings 25c
this week; satisfaction guaranteed. 23454 6th.
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p m :
Mon.. 8; 25c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia St.- "
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ATTENTION! ...
REMOVAL! REMOVAL!
MRS. DR. F. CLARK;' .
THE WORLD'S MOST
FAMOUS MEDIUM,
Has Removed Her Offices to
1023& MARKET ST.
. WHAT IS YOUR VOCATION?
' HAVE YOU PROSPERED? " .:
• -,', v *-«. WHAT ARE YOUR HOPES?
4 ■ MRS. DR. F. CLARK
Will lift the dark veil of your future life;
she gives you valuable ADVICE and AID in
all affairs of life, of private ;as : well as of
business nature, as, for Instance, pertaining
' to. Love, ■ Matrimony; Friendship, ■ Business,
Law Suits, Contested Wills, Divorce, Damage
Suits, Mining. ■
She discovers . lost or stolen property, finds
buried treasures, prevents sickness, 'misfor-
I
tune, reconciles the separated, thus restoring
lost happiness. . • • :< •
Every. person is adapted to some particular
■ business, profession or trade, which may just-
ly be termed ' their - true vocation, and yet
more than half of you are fighting against an
. unknown . fate for fame, fortune and position
- which you do not | and ; cannot - obtain , until
you find your true vocation. ,•!". •
: Hours, 10 to 5 dally. Send stamp for circu-
lar" and special terms. '
. '. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
. 1023*4 MARKET ST., •
Between Sixth, and Seventh sts. . s
MME.' LENEMAR tells by planets: predicted
rescue passengers str. Gold, '74. 23Vj Sixth st.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.. clairvoyant,
card reader and palm.; truth or no pay; 25c.
|IME. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fesslon. has removed to 218 Stockton st. •
CONSULT the lucky medium; "■ fee 25c. ' 349U
Minna St., near Fifth. ., ,-.. •
MME. . HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future ; 26c. 148 Sixth, rm. 10.
YOUR future ' told by cards, 25c. 221 Sixth
:■■--; street. *x ■■■...: ■ ; .• .-.....'-.. . ... .
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. 1 MOREAU. the best medium ' and card
reader: 25c , up. 73 • Fourth St., ■ near Mission. •
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
■ band's picture, 25c; ladles. .914 O'Farrell st. ,
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known ■ fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
, . /.,[.; I*ALMtt>TKV. : ['.■;' '
SCIENTIFIC palmistry.' MRS. KATE BLAIR
room 145, : Phelan building; . third . floor.
;;,;•■■ " V?.-;; '.-. LOST. .:"\ ■■: :,. :• '... v .
GRAY mare, open buggy; on .Mission road;
-...' good reward. ■P. F. CAN A VAN, Ocean View.
LOST— colored greyhound. 'i Return to SW
', corner Thirteenth and Howard . sts. ; reward.
ON or about Nov. 1 27, black and tan dog; liberal
reward; no questions. c. 1690 Mission. ,;■ : r : ;
$10 REWARD for Information leading to re-
. covery of red cocker •■ spaniel: dog; • missing
.-'. since Dec. 2. ; SCHMIEDELL. 307 Sansome st.
$25 REWARD— Strayed from my home at Fair
Oaks Sunday night one Great Dane dog; I\L
years old; tiger marked. A. ROY:HARRI-
. bON* ■ ' ,- ' . .* - , * -../ ." i
BUSINESS CHANCES. J
WE have buyers to Invest In any legitimate V
business; parties willing to sell give us a
call. National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
FOUR partners wanted with $500 each In a big
amusement proposition; cleared $15,000 in 2
months 5 years ago: plant ready to put
In operation; a straight business proposition;
full investigation invited. ■ National Agency.
7 Grant aye.
i A— S2SO— POSITION at $75 per month; light"
work connected with established business; V
. I good security; full investigation. National *
• I Agency. 7 Grant aye. .■ ■
i ' * 4 2°— CORNER saloon ; clears $75 month; a snap.
• i IP T~ < Or - grocery and bar; clears $75 month. '
. ; $2oo— Restaurant; No. 1 location; clears $60 mo
, ; $■.>— Branch bakery; Market st. ; rent $15.
; Cigar store; receipts $130 per month.
Bargain at National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
• j A— s4soo; drug store, corner; a rare chance -"oni
> | of the best in the city; receipts $35 to s4o daily
! i full value Jn stock. KREDO & CO., 22& Geary.
$200; branch bakery and notions; $10daily;no
competition: rooms. Kredo & Co.. 22^ Geary.
A— s32s; cor. grocery and bar; fine stock andflx-
tures; bargain. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary st.
A— sl7s: cigar stand: $10 to >:!.' dally; value ia<
'< stock; must sell. KREDO & CO., 22\<t Geary,
j A— s3so; saloon partner; best cor. So. of Mkt:
! snap for right man. Kredo & Co., 22' 2 Geary.
j A— s2oo — PARTNER wanted; old-established
brokerage business. S. H. GOULD & CO..
j 632 Market st.
i A— CIGAR STANDS, $150, $200; fine locations;
I good trade; bargains. S. H. GOULD & CO.,
KB Market st. . ; • : ' . , ■ • . ■
BARGAIN in saloon; good location: fine trade;
death compels immediate sale; do not fall
to investigate. S. H. GOULD & CO., 632
Market st.
j $500— GROCERY and bar; nicely fitted up; fine
I corner; splendid trade; sickness compels quick
sale; bargain. S. H. GOULD & CO.. 632
Market st.
$230— PARTNER in light business: will pay $75
! a month yearly. Inquire MCLAUGHLIN. 777
Market st. -
I $500— BARGAIN: grocery and bar; 3 living
i rooms; old-established place. See N. LOW- . 7
ENSTEIN. 34 Kearny St.. rooms 10 and 11.
I CHICAGO company wants capable man with
J some money to establish and carry on branch
house; $150 per month and expenses; also
share of profits: permanent opening; worth
$4000 per year at least: staple line; - high
( class business; applicants must state busi-
ness experience and- amount of ready cash,
■ and also give references. Address HENRY
WADE, Boyce building, Chicago.
I WANTED — 500 men and women $10 to $20 cash:
secures you $3 per flay; steady job: ladies or
I gentlemen; good security for return of your
money; open Monday afternoon, one. week.
2619& Harrison st. JOHN TILTON.
BAKERY and restaurant; would take partner:
j good location: close to Market St.; all store
I trade; in good running order; long lease; good
| reason for telling. Box 411, Call office. •
FOR Sale or Exchange — A business selling
doors and windows, store and office fixtures:
for ' city or country property. • JOSEPH
SCHEERER, 23 Tenth st. ■ ■
| WELL established country hand -laundry, do-
ing from $45 to $30 of the best paying work
j per week; price reasonable; full investigation
<, given. Apply Call' office. ,■
$1500 WILL secure $150 to $300 per month to
i any one engaging in established business
with me; this is sure; no chance, to lose.
Box 453. Call office. -■•."'. ' . ' .
ON account of family trouble; good-paying
business for sale; a chance for life; 5 years'
j lease; no agent. Address box 283, Call office.
A SNAP— First-class Western Addition gro-
eery and bar; fine fixtures: splendid corner; »
established 6 years. Box 252. Call office. *
| BARBER shop — First-class -two-chair 15c shop.
j 2 living rooms in rear; sickness. Address
box 1937, Call office. -
MANUFACTURING ! business requiring small
capital: large returns certain. 612 Examiner
building. " " -_\
CHEAP country saloon; good location; long
established; no agents. Box 435, Call office.
I RESTAURANT for sale: will .take a partner.
Inquire at once, box 427, Call office.
START a mail order business at home. Par-
ticulars for stamp. ORMOND CO.. Dept. 73,
Chicago. ■' . ' .
SMALL well established electric. repairing and
construction business for sale cheap. Ad-
dress box 204. Call office, , Oakland.
HOTEL, 26 rooms, hard finished; only $1100;
lot and furniture included; cheap at $2000.
Call at 256 Third st. . , ■
PAYING down-town cigar store: on account of
other business. Apply at 410 Market st.
SHOE shop: doing fine business: good loca-
. tlon: cheap rent: reasonable. 332 Bush st.
WELL-EQUIPPED boarding and livery stable:
barn full; reason for selling sickness: ninet-
sell before winter: 38 boarders; 20 livery and
work horses; buggies: surries: carriage:
double and single harness; all that a good
stable requires. Address box 377, ('all Office.
COAL dealers — Advertiser having first-class
profitable trade wishes, partnerbhin in coal
yard: must have good facilities to conduct I
business. Address box 357, Call office. ■ I
BAKERY fitted up new; only store trade: cash 1
business: cood chance for baker. Inquire
Call office. ■
SILVER DOLLAR saloon, 312 Sansome st.
(with lease). $1600: make offer. .^-■■j 1
CIGAR stand for sale: centraL.locatioo; small ?
rent; no agents. - 334 Eddy st. ■
$65— SMALL restaurant outfit for sale. 505 Pa-
clflc st.: call afternoons.
WELL-STOCKED. old-established grocery,
liquor store; 5 living rooms ;■ cheap rent; two
flats rented helping to pay rent; cause sick-
ness. Inquire Call office.
$900, MORE or less, grocery stock at Invoice;
good locality: cheap rent; good reason for
gelling: D. W. CORBIN, El Vlrano. Cal.
DRUG store, clean and complete stock and fix-
tures; in good location: investigate at once;
chance for good ; physician. Box ' 1518. Call.
COUNTY rights for sale; good paying busi-
ness; quick returns; secure your county at
once. M. H. Cart Wright, rm. 709. 927 Market.
COFFEE, tea and Eplce solicitors headquarters:
fupplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-104
Beale it - . '
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken. .
: LODGING ' HOUSES FOR SALE.
hTc~DECK ErTiO2O Market st!. opp. Fifth.
-J4-ROOM CORNER HOUSE ■
JUST FINISHED: NEW FURNITURE
ONLY $500 CASH; BALANCE EASY PAY-
MENTS. •
60-room hotel and bar...... $7000
; 82 rooms; reduced from $5000 to 2500
10 rooms; on Sutter st ' 250
32 rooms; exchange for house and 10t....... 2200
24- room house; new house and furniture 850
8 rooms: new furniture; cost $350 200
■12. rooms on Market; rent $40 :......... 450
10-room house; only : ■. 150
21 rooms; corner; clears $150..... ............ 550
46-room house; - corner.. '..'. 1200
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO ..22V4 Geary st.
Money . advanced on all houses.
9 rooms; nice house; clears $25 $325 .
10 rooms; bay-window corner; transient.. 500 _a
11 rooms; Geary: doctor pays rent.... ;... 600 -^
14 rooms; all bay- windows; a 5nap.....:.. . 800
17 rooms; Jones st.;. clears $75. 700
23 rooms; Fifth St.: clears $75........ 600
30 rooms best on Kearny ; 0ffice5 . . . ... . . . 2200
105 rooms; best known house on coast.... 4000
And others. Call and get list. KREDO. '
$2000; 54 rooms; best house in - Oakland;
clears $150 month; also 40-room house, Oak-
land. KREDO & CO., 22t& Geary st.
$600 — 21 rooms; all one floor; best-paying house
on Third st. KREDO & CO.. 22»i Geary st.
A— B2 ROOMS; elevator ;......... .....:. .$2OOO
45 rooms: rent $90 :......'..;... 2000
45 rooms; boarding '............ 2500
36 rooms; Market st .. 1400
30 rooms; corner; country 1000
MONEY LOANED. , MONEY LOANED.
•■■-■■•. SPECK & CO.. 602 -Market st.
_______________
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st.
18 rooms: $250 cash: payments $10 monthly.
ID rooms; part -cash; near . Market.... 850
IS rooms; Post st.: good • investment 900
25 rooms; north of Market: rent $75: only.. 900
40 rooms: - near Baldwin; great bargain..
$650—12 ELEGANTLY furnished rooms;. O'Far-
rell. near Larkin. • A. M. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st. . .
CARPETS of -. a ' modern housekeeping apart-
ment, house; central; rent reasonable: present
income $100. .J. HAYDEN, Oakland Post-
office.
LODGING house for sale: on account of sick-
• ness; 23 rooms ;" nicely furnished: a sacrifice;
$1200. Address box 1557; Call office.
HOUSE of 12 rooms furnished for sale; cheap.
597 Ellis st. '
MUST sell; going East; 23 rooms; all full. 711' i
' Mission St.; $300 * ' ■■■-:-.■ '■
CARPET CLEANING. ~
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works — Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 230.
WHEN you become distgusted with poor work M
send to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet- ~
- beating Works, 353-57 Tehama J st. ; , tel. S. 0.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944. __
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard: tel. .Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
' Gate aye. ; tel. East 126. ,• ■ -
ADVANCE -Carpet-cleaning Co.. -102 Sutter ft.;
i tel. Main m. GEO. WOL.COM, Proprietor. /4 CITY REAL ESTATE.
G. 11. DHBSEH ft ■ " ~~ -;: ~
Heal Estate 'Agents,
■\ . 14 Montgomery street.
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
— Golden Gate. aw.; 2 substantial houses
of C rooms, bath, laundry, basement, etc., each;
I 31:6.\57:6; rents $4S. which can be considerably
' Increased.
, PAYS BIG INTEREST. -
I^OO— substantial Hats of 6. 6 and 5 rooms
■ad bath each; bay windows, brick foundation,
etc.; only 5 minute* 1 walk from the City Hall;
nandy to Market, Mission and -Howard-*! cars;
tins is a real bargain; rents $:.« per annum;
..^ r>OLORES-ST. BARGAIN.
S42OO— COxI2S; near Mission High BchooT; this
Is a cheap lot.
._,__ BROADWAY FLATS.
J34(XV_Reinß S3M per annum; 2 substantial,
new bay window flats of 5 and 4 rooms and
raui each; brick foundation, etc.; street ac-
cepted; inside property.
.• " TWO VERY CHEAP FLATS. 1
»J'^ : * llbBt antial flats of 5 and 4 rooms and
•nth rach; brick foundation, etc., and lot;
rents $.50. per annum.?-- .■■ • '
BUSINESS LOCATION— PACIFIC ST. '
$2*oo^-2 flats of 5 and -i rooms and bath each:
Tents $312 per annum; house could be raised and
store put underneath; or lower flat could be
converted into store at small outlay. »
WESTERN' ADDITION LOT. ■-■•-■
S2onn— Must be sold: no reasonable offer re-
fused; 25x120; good location fur 6 flats.- • V
COZY WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
$2060— Steiner st. ; cozy cottage of 5 rooms and
rath and lot: Will be sold on easy terms; small
amount cash; balance In monthly payments,
tarae as rent; nice location. *
T MISSION COTTAGE VERY -cheap..
Bay-window cottage and lot; Mission
warm belt; handy to the Mission and Castro-
et. car lines.
COZY COTTAGE VERY CHEAP.
\— ■VoOO— Cory cottage, 6 rooms; nice flower car-
Wjar. lot -hx.S; handy to several lines of street
•cars, will be sold on very easy terms.
...^J BOULEVARD CORNER LOT.
JloOO—Corner on First aye. ;. 25x115: Rood lo-
cation or first-class grocery or drug store; will
be sold on easy term.".
-
BUILDING LOT— VERY CHEAP.
JlkA-Near Valencia and Market st*. : . lot
* ready to build on; level; small flats; would pay
pood Interest. . . , ...
CHEAP BUILDING LOT.
11200— Near Fourteenth, Church and Market
st*=; 2ixU's. . .
CHEAP LOTS NEAR GEARY ST.
. JjOO each— Wood st., half a block from Geary-
6t. cars; level lots, 25x120; ready to build on.
Call and obtain one of ■ our "Real Estate
Kecords," which contains a list of properties
lor sale in all parts of the city.
;;1.,. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
. . - _ 14 Montgomery st.
THE BEST
CHRISTMAS BARGAIN,
The one that will please longest, that will
give you soil ! comfort, Is one of those newly
nuiit cottages in the Heyman Tract. They
nre handsome and cozy homes, in a- splendid
neighborhood. You can pay ' for them with
the same money that goes to (well your land-
lord s account every month; Instead of a
rriit"r you can become a home owner at once,
rake Miflslon-st. cars, transfer to Twenty-
Fopond St to Hoffman aye . and ask for Mr.
■ 'as. A. < oner, resident agent. wn ° WiU Sh ° W
the property. See
li I rtlcu lars HEYMANI ll Montgomery »t.. for
7 tNDSOME home in the Richmond District
.... rooms and bath, with all modern con-
\cnlences. Just .completed, on $25 morithlv
Payments. JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Montcom-
st. .*
HUILDING lots In different parts of the city
on p monthly ■ payments.
$75 each; $5 monthly; level building lots 2Sx
m\ only 2 blocks from San Mateo electric cars.
JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st."
JT 50 MONTHLY payments. will buy a lot 25x
IW, with 2 cars; 1 block .from, the .Ocean
boulevard and electric road; can be rented
for $5 monthly. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Mont-
gomery st. . ; :■'.-: ■
I $10 MONTHLY will buy a new 3-room cottage
Including level lot, near Mission and Thir-
tieth sts.; 2 sola in one week.. JACOB HEY-
■■KYN, 11 Montgomery tt. < ; :
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine St.. oppo-
s'te Nevada Bank, will sell at sweeping re-
duction: : .
$lis,ooit— Ke.arny and Market sts.; a splendid
tiuy: large lot; solid brick Improvements; rent
JSIOO per annum.
Jiij.oOO— A. large Western Addition corner; well
inn roved;. r^nt $-65., • — . • .... f .- > ■■ •-
«UOO for 4 «f th« -best-lots' ori""Falrn«Miht. "
JsOOu — I'aire St., near -entrance to the Park: 4
ftits. € and B rooms each; rent Sf'2. & ■>> -■
J2i, 000. rent $IS6— Stores and apartments In
test business part of Larkin st. ••. v.
t34.*X>— Market st., near Twelfth; lot 50x125
feet: well Improved. •-' •" • ■
$2250— Kent $30; a 3-flat on Broadway.
t $1450— A 2-story "■-room house; south of the
k HWi :: lot 25x100.; make offer.
■ $!?'•> 3 bay-window houses on Haight ' st.,
& near Fillmore; ict 55x137:6.
r% PARK PANHANDLE PROPERTY.
r * DO— Rent $94; 4 splendid flats on Fell St.,
' ne.-'.r Masonic aye.; lot 37:6x137:6. ..
$j:.-*-:splendld cottage; Oak Ft., near Lyon;
lot 2^x110: fronting on Park Panhandle.
V IN THE HEART OF TOWN. :V ■
■p f.^ai'd— Market st.; 1% blocks from the Bald-
win: 4-story house: good size lots.
f I'jO.OOQ— Fine property on Kearny ■ st:, near
Market: large lot renting at $525 per month,
nearly 6 per cent net ground rent.
{12,500— Taylor st.. near Market; large lot:
■well improved: stores and flats. ■•/■- -'.;■•-.
INCOME PROPERTY. . .
J37"0 — Rent $30 r" business property; etore and
6-roorn flat upstairs. : > .
Js7s«>— Rent til: store and 2 flats; Geary st.,
. near Fill more.
$:>4oo— Rent $23; double flats near Sixth and
Bryant pis. ■ •• •
MUST BE. SOLD!- .
MUST BE SOLD!
. MUST BE SOLD! -
Reduced to make immediate sale to $2750; a
fine lot- on Sacramento St.. near Leavenworth,
•with old improvements: new flats would always
real and bring big interest;, this Is a genuine
bargain, •"'n-.i.- .'-'•■ :': '. r.i> :■: ■; *:~v-'~_ -:y-.. .-.<■■ ,-;•
A DOWNTOWN BUT
A DOWNTOWN BUY
Down town; close to Powell St.; a splendid
eunny lot. 37:6x137:6, with 16- room house; would
make fine boarding house; 'price cut to $9500;
It's cheap. -; . . • . .. -. • .-..-.
. . 37:6 FEET FRONT!
27:6. FEET FRONT!
On side street, near Market; a two-story brick
house of 9 . rooms, " bath and 2 patent closets, in
good condition; will always rent; this Is a
line Investment property; only $3000.
IN PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
Fine Irey lot. 27:6x137:6, with marine view;
$2500. .;,,.:■;,,■ |v
Fine Page st. lot, 25x137:6: only $2250.
CHEAP RICHMOND LOT . ' . . .'
On California st., near Twelfth aye?; lot 25x
100 feet; only. $650. •■ • . 'v-.V'S"-•".:v -.V'S"- •".:
Send for our list of Pacific and Presidio
Heighta lots with marine view. ■• •••■ •
McA FEE BROS.. • McAFEE .BROS..
IC3 Montgomery St. . ■• San Francisco.
'•^ PARK LOTS, $3 MONTHLY. - .
PARK LOTS. $5 MONTHLY.
Why pay MM and $500 for lots, when -
we can sell you better bargains for $275?
{275— Fur Choicest and Cheapest Home Lots—
$275.
$275— « MONTHLY— • :
$27S— On Sth, 9th. 10th and 11th avenues— s27s.
$275— South and near Golden Gate. Park— s27s.
OVER «0 LOTS SOLD. . '
See BALDWIN & HOWELL,
19 Montgomery st. Regulators of ' prices.
Branca office, Bth aye., corner 11 ,st.
Open dally and Sundays.
- , ■ . : ■- In Sunset District.
BOA MIAN, HOOPER I CO., T~~
Real Estate Agents, '
. 138 Montgomery »t.
$7500— Howard St.; rent 565; lot 59x123:6.
IsCOo— Residence, 7 rooms and bath; Webster
•treet.
$45C0— Bush st., near Devisa<lero:'good 2-story
residence, 7 rooms and bath; lot 2*x137;6. .. .-.' ...
it. I 7!i<^"' rw ' "; t " r - v >»«»«. 7 rooms- and bath;
iMa--st.,. net far from Cantro; -very eaey terms.
Si 7r^T5 lodern bay-window cottage, 6 rooms
And bath; very easy terms. v~«»»
ONLY $14' cash: corner; 2M and Flor-
!da sts.. with 3 flats. 4 and 5 rooms and bath
and apace on corner for 4 more flats; lot COx
$22/50— Cottage. 5 rooms; Halght. near .Bu-
nan; 25x95. - v
pr> ■ ■•*«•). balance of $sno like rent; Ocean
View cottage,- 7 rooms, bath, etc.; fine "lot
$750— California Ft. 6outh, near Second aye •
25x100; the bigcest snap out there w ii'
• HIM .• '". lIS Montgomery st. ■ "
$s.'* 1 'TH good house and lot at Ocean View
■*» '""ar station. 50x100. $275— Cheap lot on Bern.ii
V Heights. McEWEN BROS., US MongomerC.
FOR «ale or rent— sloo mo. payments; elegantly
furnished H-room modern residence; bent' lo-
cation ln'O.- AM. Owner,' box 409. Call.' "'
$2K« — COTTAGE, 5 room*. . bnth. ram. con-
nected; lot 25x117.' to alley. 1042 Church "st. :■
FOR sale— Cheap; lot 2'ixl2o feet on Fifth aye
. r.<".!r California ft.; a fine home Bite; .street
| macadamized and sewered; terms easy. Apply
> • at. 508 California St.. room 7. . . , ,'. "... ; >
P f24OO— COTTAGE. 5 rooms and bath; easy terms
J. ANDERSON, builder. 340 Jersey st.
' ■ CITY REAL. ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
DEVISADERO-ST. FLATS."
Devisadero. . near 2-story build-
Ing; also stable in rear; lot 26:6x137 :'€. * ■
$200 CASH; BALANCE MONTHLY.
— Good 2-story bay-window house, on
Clipper, nr. Castro; contains 7 rooms and bath.
■. . BUSINESS CORNER. .• "i v
$4500— A splendid business corner on Dolores
st.; improvements consist .of a. . substantial
building containing a store and 4 rooms in the
rear, flat above. of 6 rooms and bath: also cot-
tage adjoining containing 4 rooms; total rents
$30; extra large lot, 55x57. '.
A GREAT ' BARGAIN. • |ii«rPii!l|
PAYS OVER 15 PER CENT.
$3360/-C^ope to Fifth and Market sts.; good
tenement property in a fine renting locality; •
this -property' is Uffeieil at' a low price In order
to 'effect an immediate sale.'*' ■-*■<■■'" ;•>_♦ '■•■_■ '','■
* l-eavenworth-st. -FLATS. '
. $3SO0 — Leavenworth st., near Broadway: two-
story budding, containing 1 2 flats: rent $32.
DOWN-TOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$25, Drumm-st. corner, within 1 block of
Market st. : large lot: the improvements are old.
but pay a fair return on the investment; mort-
gage of $12,000 can remain.
— —
• ALMOST A FIFTY -VARA LOT.
$4500— Lyon St., near Post: a great big lot,
with old improvements; splendid for teamster
or a good location to build cheap flats; prop-
erty must be sold to close an estate.
PAYS 14 PER CENT.
$1650— Bernard st., close to Jones and Pacific:
2 good flats, steadily rented..
SEVENTH-ST. CORNER.
$3500— Seventh st., close to Folsom; corner;
25xM); ground- rent $20 per month.
PAYS 12 PER CENT.
$2500— A good investment, clow to Seventh
and Folsom sts.: double 2-story house; contain?
10 rooms and basement; always rented: lot
25xS0.
PRICE $20.000— RENT $2300 PER ANNUM.
Northwest corner in Western Addition: 2 new
buildings, containing 6 flats, Just completed;
all rented: income $2300 per year; for sale at a
bargain; no reasonable offer refused; corner lot,
60x108:1 ■ . , •: :••-.■
NEW WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$5500— Page st., close to town; 3 new flats, all
rented for $80; sunnny side of street; large lot.
CORNER INVESTMENT.
$10,000— Very- handsome,- brand-new building.
Just completed; rent $100; large corner lot; this
building contains 3 corner flats of 6 rooms and
bath, etc., each; very sunny and very attrac-
tive. • .- , • •
NICE COTTAGE IN RICHMOND.
Fourteenth aye., near Clement st.: con-
tains 6 rooms, bath and high basement; lot
25x137:6. • v: : '.-.*;.-• ; ■
PTLBERT-ST. COTTAGE.
$2000— A bargain; Filbert st., near Laguna;
contains 6 rooms and bath; also driveway and
stable; lot 25x137:6. . \.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, ';
_^_ 10 Montgomery st.
O. F. YON RHEIN & CO.. ~~~
£13 California st.
. IMPROVED.
$25.W0— Market st:, ' adjoining , Oriel Hotel;
27:6x104; frontage on 2 streets; sold to close an
estate.
45:10x137:6; lull water lot; improved; leased
for 6 years at $250 per month.
Montgomery aye. through to Washington st. ;
brick Improvements; rents $190.
137:6x137:6: corner. of I>avenworth and Green-
wich sts.; 10 rooms and bath; rents $50; $12,000.
25x90; Turk St., near Laguna; 3 new flats;
$.11,000.
23x77, Jackson, near Taylor;. rents $76; $SSOO.
25x52:6: Hayes, near Stelner: flats; rent $42 50;
modern bay-window; $571
20x57:6; corner Dupont and Hinckley; store,
and lodging house; rents ?S5; $10,000..
21x67:*; Powell, near Vallejo; rent $1S; $6250.
24:3xG9:9: Green,' hear Powell; new modern
bay-window flats; rents $SS; $4500. '•'• '
.23x122:6: Shotwell, near 24th: 2 flats: $3800.
•25xS0; Guerrero, near 17th; flats; $3750.
:'25xSO: Clam. near sth; $3500.
26:9x76:9; corner Boardman place and Fargo
place: store and flat: rents $22: $2200.
17:6x57:6; Filbert, near Varennes; $1400.
UNIMPROVED. •
S0x71:10; SE. corner Polk and Lombard.
25x115; Scott, near Washington. •
25x85: 13th. near Stevenson: 2 lots.
25x100; Valencia, bet. 13th and l<th; 4 lo.s.
25:8x114; 2Sth, near Dolores.
Silver terrace homestead lots cheap.
$30,000— BUSINESS corner on Ninth St.: 75x100;
rent $175; partially Improved; near Mission
st. J. W. WRIGHT & CO.. 630 Market st.
SOL GETZ * BROTHER.
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
SUNSET DISTRICT LOTS A SPECIALTY.
Branch Office on Ninth aye., near H st.
$400. $450, $500 to $«00 each: street graded, lota
ready to build on: $25 down. $5 monthly.
Unexcelled View. Perfect Bargains.
Go to see them. Loc.il agent on the Ground.
RICHMOND LOTS FROM $400 TO $800.
$100 to $S00; lots near Mi?s!on-st. electric
cars; ready to build on; $10 down. $o monthly.
SOL G£TZ & BROTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
C. C. BEMIS.
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT.
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice bulldln« lot en Army and Twenty-
seventh sts. : close to electric road.
$5000— Good corner for store; must b« sold;
i lot f-2:4x60 feet.
i $6700—50x127:6 feet on Jackson st.. overlook-
i Ing the Presidio and bay.
f.O-vara on t s age st. ; panhandle of park.
$JoO— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain — Southwest corner Fifth aye. and C
«t : 109x95 feet.
A— S4OOO— REDUCED from $4500; an elegant
business or residence .corner lot on Dolores
St.: size 33x90; lot contains a new 2-story resi-
dence of 7 elegantly decorated rooms and
bath on end of lot; front Is vacant an.l large
enough for a store and flats; terms $1200
cash, balance in monthly installments. See
owner. 232 Liberty St.. near Dolores.
$S 50 — HOUSE 4 cozy sunny rooms; large yard;
16C4 Alabama St. Apply 916 Bush «t.
NEW cottages, large lots. Mission. $1500; ln-
stalnunts to suit buypr. OWNER, 413 Kearny.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
$500 WILL buy 10 acres of rich farm vege- !
table land at Antelope station. Sacramento I
County; but you don't have to pay for. it until
the end of 5 years, but can pay $20 per year
lease for the first five years; this Is the
chance of a lifetime.
McEWEN BROS.. US Montgomery ot..
San Francisco. Cal.
AMONG the orange groves of Placer County.
20 acres bearing orchard of choice shipping
fruit, with 6fl acres wooded land Joining; all
under irrigation; cheap at $3500; or orchard
alone for $1500; would exchange. McAFEE
BROS.. 108 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
A SNAP— 22OO acres, mostly all level grain
and fruit land; 4 miles from boat landing,
county seat and railroad; will exchange for
city property or sell for $20,000. Apply A. M.
BPECX & CO.. 602 Market st.
LOVELY new country home. San Mateo Coun-
ty, near BurJingame; large grounds and 55
acres additional; must be seen to be appre-
ciated. Address box 408, Call office.
FOR Sale— €o : acres Improved to full bearing
orchard, vineyard and alfalfa: good house,
barn, windmill and tank; has fine income;
price $6000; terms $2000 coin, balance half of
each year's crop until place Is paid for. Ad-
dress T. W. PATTERSON. Fresno. Cal.
FOR Rent— Near Haywards, 10 acres fruit and
t chicken ranch; well improved. Apply 2U26
Sixteenth St., city.
$2760—10 ACRES; •10 miles from San Rafael;
money loaned. SI'ECK & CO.. 602 Market. M.
roil — 4 acres; well-Improved; 1 mile it om
Y< taluma; cheap. Box 472, Petaluma. -
LAKH COUNTY RANCH— BOO acres, with lake
- frontage; no Improvements; patented; no in-
cumbranee; -SO acres have been in hay. ■ bal-
ance fine fruit land when ■ cleared; paying
range for Angora goats; price $3 an acre cash.
. Address Lakeside, box 372. Call office.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
210 ACRES. 5-rocm house. 3 barns: half-mile
• from postofflce: 9 miles from Dayton. O.
j7HOo--New.,Y.ork; 12- room house and store. • i
JlS.ooO— l4o' acres 4 miles from ' Nashville,
Term.: Improved;.. house, barn. etc. ; will ex-
change. for property in California. - :.'
158 acres in Virglna. 9 miles from Norfolk, on
2 good roads;. -will exchange for California ;
property.^ m - NCE;i M!! Broadway. ' Oakland. *
RANCH erf nbout 10 or 20 acres; variety of
fruit trees for ; family use. bearing about 3
acres; must be good for alfalfa "and plenty
water house, barn. etc.. within radius of 100
miles of San "Francisco: foothills preferred;
give full description; must be cheap; for cash.
Addre*a y bqx;3s3 CalL7 .:. V.,.: ...-'. .. .. '. :. ; "-. . \
LOVELY home In San Luis Obispo County;
will exchange for city, Oakland, Berkeley,
Alameda or San Joite. property ;or stock of
merchandise. Box 438, Call of Dee: -
RANCH wanted in trade- for nice 7 -room house;
2 corner lota; ft F. ; $3000. ■ N-. CaU. Oakland.
FlNE' paving delicatessen store for small place
In country.- Address box 1341. Call offlVe. -
PROPERTY WAXTKD.^
WA\TED- J To ' buy •or rent * improved r : farms';
Bend full description. SPECK &. CO.. 602
Market : »t._^ , ■.- -" .' ; V ■)- -.■■;-.'; >>. ■■'.
RANCH i wanted in trade S for ! 7-rootn •' house; I 2
corner lots: San Francisco; $3600. ; J., Call of-
fice, Oakland. ".;,; -:•■■■ ' :
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1898.
CITY KBAL ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents.
Established. 1858. 62(i Market st.
$7500— McAllister St., near Killmore; 2 large
flats; paying good income; lot 25x100.
Jlus-t be sold— Two fine flats on Hayes st.,
near Huchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low, $55; only $7200; make offer.
$4500— Bush St.. near Devlsadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 2?.x137:6.
$.'23o— Gough st.. near Fulton; 11 rooms and
bath; laundry and large cellar; lot 31x*2:G.
J2C.00 only for a nice 2-story house In perfect
order; Hampshire St., near Eighteenth; lot 25z
100.
$TiuOo— Three flats; Twenty-first st.. near Va-
lencia; rents $3S per month; lot 22x90.
fr.OOO— O'Farrell st.. near Devisadero; 3 houses;
rents $42 per month; lot 45xN".
$2XIO — Twenty-fifth st., near Sanchez; 6
rooms and bath; 24:3x114.
$3000 — Cottage and lot; Twenty-first St., near
Castro; j rooms and stable; 25x114.
$900— Webster St., near McAllister; < rooms
and bath and i-ear house; lot 25x54:6.
$3. r >oo— Two cottages; Chattanooga st, near
Twenty-third; 32:6x117:0.
Hyde st., near Union; cars pass; lot 26x60;
only $2500.
$2000— Cortland aye.. corner Mnultrie st.; 32x
SO and 2-story house; worth $25 per month.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on ll night and Octavla sts., 1 block
off Market; 37:«xlw; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 i>er cent.
Corner; only $2250; California and Locust
sts. ; 37;6xU>7:7.
50 vara; Buchanan, corner of Chestnut; $6000;
137:6x137:8.
Church, near Sixteenth; 50x125; only $2000 per
lot.
$S:J)O— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth: 62x100.
$2750— Clay st., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
BMO— Twenty-first St., near Sanchez: 60x114.
$1750— Union St., near Webster; 25x100.
$1250— Sixteenth St., near Castro; 25x100.
glOOft— Seventh aye., noar J st. ; 25x120.
$1000— Jersey st.. near Noe; 25x114.
California st., near Second aye.; 25x100: $!>OO.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market St.
AN elegant new house of 8 rooms. 811 Shrader
St.. near the park; terms easy; open for In-
spection.
$6RO WILL build 4- room bay-window cottage;
good material. GEO. M. SALSBURY. Build-
er, E2l X st.. Sunset district.
i $2200—60x20 WITH 2 flats. 25 Stone St.. near NE.
corner Powell and Washington.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land :or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. -1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
■ Sixth: telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at • the lowest rates. , Baldwin Jewelry
Store, room 403." Parrott building.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates; no commission; $25 up:
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st
TO LEND, SUMS FROM $500 TO $50,000, at
from 6 per cent on mortgage . of real estate,'
for a term of years, or redeemable by install-
ments.
Money loaned on PATENTS. INVENTIONS
FINANCED and capital procured to DE-
VELOP AND PERFECT SAME.
R. GOULD,
131 ' Montgomery st., San Francisco.
ANY nmount at 6>^ per cent on real estate, 3d
and Sd mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
ANY sum. first and second mortgages, estates
in probate, . etc., etc., etc. 508 California St.,
room 7.
DIAMONDS, diamonds: highest amount loaned,
lowest Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason st.. opp. Olympia Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission: private. LICK, 116 McAllister St.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
estates a specialty. MURPII'/ 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. , Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call Sent to any address in the United
States. postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
FINANCIAL.
■INS and Outs of Wall Street — Revised edition;
just out; M pages, with charts and tables:
full of valuable information to speculators
ami investors; 10c in stamps. Publisher, P. O.
box 156, New- York. -~r. ... , ...
NOTES discounted: loans • negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 32S Montgomery.
MONEY WANTED.
LOAN Wanted— at IV4 per cent; payable
$15 monthly; security, piano costing $500; will
also give good Indorser. . Address Loan, box
454. Call oft.?.?.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$.4100—38 ACRES; cheapest ranch in California;
4 -miles from center of Oakland.
$€200 — ReduceS from ?3300: modern house of 10
rooms; lot &oxlso feet; near narrow gauge sta-
tion. Oakland.
$4000 — Modern 9-room house; new; near San
Francisco trains; lot 50x175. ■■
$3000— Reduced from . $5000; Bancroft way,
Berkeley; modern house, 8 rooms; lot 40x135
feet; will be sold to highest bidder.
6-room cottage; lot 50x100: Seventeenth
st., Oakland; $1000 cash; balance in San Fran-
cisco ' lots.
$150 and upward; 20 fine lots. - !
$5000— Good hotel, ,20 rooms; reduced from
$8500; easy terras to right party.
j $3500 — Corner lot, 1U- acres; . beautiful view;
I fine place; about 30 fruit trees; 9-room house;
don't miss seeing it. S
Large list of houses from $1000- and upward;
easy terms: large list of ranches for sale and
some for exchange. '. -. - ' ;
• • E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway, Oakland.
$253 CASH; small monthly installments as rent
till paid for; a new, cozy cottage, 3 . large ;
rooms; quite a little ranch; -6 fine lots; all |
picket fenced; chicken houses and outhouses; j
city water and ; fine well of spring water; !
flowers and nice garden: a self-sustatvng I
home;. 3 electric car- lines and fine school
house near by; Allenda'.e settlement, East
Oakland; climate and . soil the. best; grand
view; no fogs nor cold winds here; 48 families
now ' own their homes; all within 2 years.
Call or send for circular, 455 Seventh St.. cor-
ner Broadway. Oakland; carriage free. H.
Z. JONES, owner. .
A BEAUTIFUL' Home — of the neatest and
best built homes in Oakland; new; Just com-
pleted: must be sold Immediately; 2-story. 7
rooms and bath: 5 large closets and pantry;
plumbing nickel-plated; , roll-rim bath tub;
cement steps and walk; gas- fixtures and •
shades in house; only 6 minutes', walk from j
broad gauge station; large lot; price $3SOO
complete: terms to suit; call at once and be
shown the house. Lake Shore Land Co., 1070
Broadway, Oakland. • '■■ _• ■-. ■ •
A 'BARGAIN— For pale, 3 adjoining lots In
Fruitvale; size 37x156- feet each; within 2
blocks of new public school. . 2 blocks from
electric cars and 5 minutes' walk from local
train. Call or address Lake Shore Land Co.,
1070 Broadway, Oakland. ■ : '
$1850— FORCED sale; cozy modern cottage near
Telegraph aye.; desirable location; sunny
place. HUGH M. CAMERON. 1058 Broadway,
Oakland.
$8600— ELEGANT residence and grounds to ex-
change in part for other > property; $20,000 to
loan on real estate and $500 on furniture and
pianos; a good business to exchange for real
estate: also wanted, an. upright piano In ex-
change for clear property. Apply quickly to
ALDEN-GARFIELD CO.. 902 Broadway, Oak-
land. . • ■ .
A— ss MONTHLY will buy a new cottage and 2
lots in the Alvln Tract: take Hay wards local
train to Elmhurst, or Haywards electric car
to' Jones aye. ; free carriage meets electric
cars Sundays. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Mont-
gomery St., or 463 Ninth st., Oakland. -.-..;
CHEAP homes near Golden Oate, Oakland; have
two new houses with large lots. "50x100: price
$000; will sell $50 cash, balance $10 per month;
save" rent. -Address owner, M. L. WT'RTS.
Seventeenth and Broadway, • Oakland, Wurts
block. . ,-..,■ .-.- -.:.■.,;
FOR sale in Oakland— New house, 7 rooms and
bath; 2-story; best • construction and • finish;
lot 40x125; fine neighborhood; 3 minute* from
railroad station; 30 minutes from San Fran-
cl»cn; monthly : installments. HERON A
T?riT,rnMß. 10.10 nmadwsv. ' ■ '-■ '-.■ ■
' \ h, . M V KST - X AL KS lATE.
{"HAVE a few special bargains In small acre-
age tracts; look them .up •at once. It will
pay you. - - ■ .
. 4 acres highly Improved.
6 acres highly improved. . ■*
• 1 acre ' highly - Improved. ■
A ■ few 1, .- 2: and ■ 3 acre . lots, ■'. unimproved,
choice . land, well located, all within <5 . min-
utes' walk of electric cars* take electric cars
to Elmhurst and. see.PITTOCK. real estate.
-... opposite ! powerhouse. Elmhurst. . ' >:■ ;' * .
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS.
BROADWAY, 1229— Unfurnished ' housekeeping
; rooms, carpets; reasonable to responsible par-
ties." -." iC:". ..V '--:'.■■ ...- :■*'.' - .', 7~?'*-;A7:'.l
SUNNY corner; first-class apartment house; no '
: transients.: 1055 Washington, ■ Davis block. ;•
OAKLAND Xl KMTIKK 5 FOR SALE.
ri'RNITUKK— «nd cheap. U. »CUKLI*.
BAAS' old store, 408 Eleventh at : tea Mm.
ALAMEDA" ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA , REAL ESTATE.
$750— 50x125 on San Antonio aye.
$1000— Lot 50x150, Morton St., bet. railroads.
$2250— Elegant colonial cottage. 5 rooms and
bath. Chestnut St., near Clinton aye.
. $2700— Corner lot, 50x150, with splendid new
house, 6 rooms and bath; terms $100 down,
balance $20 per month. ■-■•- •■•
Many other bargains; office open Sundays.
ALAMEDA LAND CO.. 1500 Park st.
YOU don't have to pay an agent a commission
for showing you a place if you deal with .the-
owner— Two new, modern -and -up-to-date B-
room houses, and one 6, In the . best part of
Alameda; south front; one corner; shades;
electric and. gas fixtures; all complete;, must
and will be sold. " For prices and terms call
on T. B. DRAPER, owner, 2063 Eagle aye.,
Alameda. . 
$1200-HOUSE of 7 rooms: lot 45x150 •'..
$1500— House of 8 rooms; lot 50x145;. well,
windmill and pump. - - . . " ....
$5250— Central aye.; house of 10 rooms; lot 60
xHO. . ..',•:■'.■.'-.',
Houses to let.- • . ■. ■■ .-.. • :■ r.
E. D. JUDD, 1424 Park St., Alameda. :
WANTED— Carpenter or plasterers : to " take
cheap lot in Alameda, good location, In pay-
ment for work. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st.
FOR sale— 6o cents on the dollar; one 5, one 6
and one 7 room cottage- -*«n for Investment,
two 2-story cottages; pay net 10 per cent;
best location. , Apply to A. R..DENKE.SR.,
Webster-st. station, narrow gauge.
HOUSES built to order at your own prices and
on your own terms: call and see plans. J. H.
YOUNG, Builder. 1243. Park st. . ..
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD. ,
PRIVATE home In confinement; connected with,
housekeeping apartments. MRS. DR. FUNKE,
1418 Eighth St.. Alameda. '
BERKb^V REAL ESTATE.
COTTAGE six rooms, in Berkeley; value $5000;
will trade for $10,000 or $12,000 place In West-
ern Addition and pay a cash difference. See
W. C. MOHAN. Lorln. ■ -- j
TWO-STORY house of 12 rooms, in Berkeley;
$6000: will trade for residence in "Western Ad-
dition, 10-room; $12,000 or $14,000. and pay a
cash difference. See W. C. MORAN, Lorln.
5-ROOM cottage, newly furnished: piano cost
$400; parties going East; price, $2250. See \V.
C. MORA.n, Lorln. ' , -
, 5-ROOM cottage. $1000; $100 down, balance $10
per month; Including interest. . See W. C.
MORAN, Lorin. : '. " ■ ':
HAVING block of land adjacent to U. C.
Berkeley, we are - building 3 elegant 9-room
houses; one now completed; would build to
suit on reasonable terms; people contemplat-
• ing homes In Berkeley would do well to see
or address owner, M. L. WURTS. ' Seven-
teenth and Broadway, Wurts block. .
FOR SALE— A fine 7-room house; all the
latest Improvements; large lot: street work
all done; 4 blocks from university grounds.
JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley sta-
tion. . ■ • .... j
~~ HOUSES TO LET.
A— Send for circular; houses to let all parts of
City. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— lo-ROOM house: reduced from $50 to $40.
1523 Bush St., near Van Ness, aye. •
AN elegant 10-room house; 1522 Pacific aye.;
reduced to $60. At SPECK & CO.'S.
AT 20 Mary st., near Fifth and Mission— Double
parlors, 7 rooms; rent $22 50. . :■■*•* •::>
CUMBERLAND. 331—5 rooms and bath; sta-
tionary washtubs; $12. . ..
ELLIS House of 7 rooms and bath; yard;
■ rent $16. Apply 626 Eddy st. ■ • :
HOUSE, 4 rooms; large barn. 2 empty lots;
I $10. Corner Seventh aye. and Lake st.
NICE house. 6 rooms, bath and basement; rent
low. Northwest corner Pine and Lftguna sts.
O'FARRELL, 779, rear, entrance Larkin place—
6-room cottage; newly papered, painted; reas.
SUNNY house, corner Geary and Larkin; 9
rooms. Inquire 1153 Howard fit.
TURK, Sunny rear house; 6 rooms, bath,
gas, $18, with water.- '
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. ' ■ ■■ :.-
12-ROOM house: fine for renting rooms. 29 Oak
; Ft., near Market. Apply at 15 Grant aye.
i $32 3120 21st st., near Capp: 7 rooms, bath.
$2S — Capp st.; 9 rooms, bath.
$27 50—2423 California St.: 8 rooms, bath. i
$25—2726 Mission St.: 9 rooms, hath.
; W. H. ClilM & CO.. 118 Montgomery st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
ALAMEDA— 'ideal new sunny corner resi-
dence, elegantly furnished throughout, to
lease or for sale. See photographs and par-
ticulars, office BURNHAM & MARSH CO.. ,
20 Montgomery st. '■■ - - • ■-,;•.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A— 3o DAYS free; lovely 5-room cottages (Mis-
sion), $10 to $12. At A. M. SPECK & CO.'S,
602 Market st. ■ • • ■ .- -
COTTAGE. 17th. near Sanchez — I rooms, bath
and stable, $17. Apply 3996 Army. - .
MODERN cottage; very large grounds; large
barn and stable; houses for poultry; some
distance from other dwellings; near 2 line*
of cars; rent of this property very low to a
responsible party. Apply 19 Fourth st.
$7— NEAT cottage; good order; 5 rooms; off
Crescent aye. Apply 64 Silver st.;: water free.
$10— CONVENIENT cottage, 4 rooms and yard.
1705 Turk St.. near Scott. . ...
FLATS TO LET.
BAY-WINDOW flat of 6 sunny rooms and
bath rent cheap. 1806 Howard st. .
FINE sunny flat. 5 rooms and bath. 1006%
Jackson St.. above Mason.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1057— Flat of 3 rooms,
furnished; suitable for small family.
HAVES. Nice 7-room flats; all modern Im-
provements; rent moderate.
HOUSE, 5 rooms and yard, $15; 3- room flat, $8.
19 Laskle St., off Mission, near Ninth.
LEWIS, S%. off Taylor, near Post— of . 6
rooms and bath.
LOOK at those beautiful, modern flats: rents
1 most reasonable: 1417 Clay St. Apply MADI-
SON & BURKE. ■ ■■• ■■■•■■
MCALLISTER. 726— Upper flat; 7 rooms, bath;
rent $27: key at 728. • ■ ' ,
MINNA. 904. near Tenth— Flat, 4 rooms and
bath.
NICE sunny flat, 4 rooms. 127 Olive aye. ; rent
$12; no children. . ' .
RINCON Upper flat, 5 large sunny rooms,
bath; reasonable. Box 262, Call office.
SUNNY corner flat, 7 rooms, bath: cottage of
5 rooms, cheap. 1576 Fifteenth, near Dolores.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3727— upper flat, 8
rooms and bath ; rent cheap, j |
UNION, 3-room flat, $10; 1112 Union, cot-
tage, 5 rooms, bath, yard, $15.
WASHINGTON, 1612— Flat, upper; 4 rooms;
large closets; bath; or 8 rooms with grate.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. . ;
$10— FOUR . large sunny rooms; ■ yard; cellar.
302 Ivy aye., corner Franklin st,
$12. $14, $17; FLATS, light and sunny; 4, 5 and
6 rooms. : 2209 Geary st. -
$12 50— Nice sunny bay window flats; 3 rooms
and bath. 2309 Howard st. . , a
COZY upper flat: 5 rooms, bath and yard.
12 Shotwell St., near Fourteenth.
$20— SUNNY bay-window, flats: 6 rooms and
bathroom. 1633 Clay st.,. corner Polk.
$20— RUNNY bay-window flats; 6 rooms . and -
bath.- 1704 Washington st., near Polk. •
$Ss— WASHINGTON: 8 rooms, bath. ..-.-•-
$22 50—2516 Mission; 6 rooms, bath.
$20—1807 Eddy: 4 rooms, bath.
$18—207 Second:' 7 rooms.
$18—904 Shot well ; 0 rooms, bath.
$16 — Treat aye. ; 4 rooms, bath.
$16 — Union: 6 rooms, bath.
$16—1486 Fifteenth, cor. Howard; 5 rooms.
»15— 11V4 McLea : 5 rooms, bath.
$14—2416 Mission: 4 rooms, bath.
$12 — Fulton: 5 rooms. ' ■ '
W. H. CRIM & CO.. 118 Montgomery st;
« ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRANNAN, 369. near Third— furnished
front suite, $11; unfurnished suite, $5; large
yard. ' . . , . .. .'. ■ ' .-...- : -- * -„• ::•'
BRYANT, 1101, corner Ninth— 3 front ■ house-
l " keeping - rooms, furnished complete ; ■ cheap.
EDDY. 607—3 or 4 sunny rooms for housekeep-
ing; gas, bath and grate; -reasonable. : •>' .
ELLIS, 639, cor. Larkin — Sunny bay-window
$14. with kitchen' $20; also alcove. . . -, - - '
FIFTH, 322— Large - sunny I front bedroom and
: kitchen; grate, water; sink, bath; private; $IL-
FIFTH, 353— Double parlors, kitchen, bath; fur-
nished; housekpg, $20; also 2, $12; Single, $5.
I GROVE, 2C2, corner Van Ness aye.— Suite of 3
./? sunny unfurnished rooms, with gas range. '. I
HAIGHT, 220— Sunny furnished alcove, with
kitchen. ; _ - ' __^ -■■.. .
HARRISON. 955—1 or 2 f large ■ rooms, "» furnished
,or unfurnished, for housekeeping. - »
HICKORY aye. . 124, near Franklin— Nice sunny
■ furnished housekeeping ; rooms." «\r . : • ,.;
HOWARD, 781%— Nicely furnished sunny suite,
, with kitchen; others; reasonable. ■-;,...- i . - , : .
HOWARD, 1061—2 sunny completely furnished
■; housekeeping ; rooms ;;sS a month. •,•;'.. -.■ -;,.:- ■: .
HOUSEKEEPING R O MS— Con tin d.
HOWARD, Nicely furnished bedroom and
kitchen,-, complete for. 1 hou t keeping, ■ $1 50 per
week up. . . - .... '. ..... : " .
KEARNY, near Sutter— Three unfurnished-
front rooms for offices or housekeeping; gas
free; cheap rent. .Apply 15 Grant aye. . : . i.i
LARGE . sunny room, complete for housekeep-
ing, $1 25 per week. Apply at shoe store, 562
Mlssloir St., • bet. First and. Second:
LEAVENWORTH, 401— 2 front sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; ' cheap.- .•'■"■* ' '.' *
MCALLISTER, lOSO— Furnished sunny • rooms;
gents or housekeeping; $6 up". -
MINNA, 28— Nice ■ sunny.' housekeeping rooms;
■ rent moderate. . ..■•..- ..•-.... ■'.-
MINNA, 111"4— Furnished ' housekeeping bay
window room. . $150; furnished bay window
suite, -with piano. $2 50 week.
MISSION, 932 I*—Furnished1 *— Furnished room, suitable for
.1 or 2 persons; running water and stove; $5
per month. ; •;,.:■;. ■ ■-.■ ■ -
MISSION. — Sunny front alcove room; also
1 for light housekeeping: running water. ■
MODERN 5-room upper flat, 125 Ash aye., bet.
a Polk; Van Ness, McAllister and Fulton.
NEVADA House. 132 Sixth— furnished
sunny housekpg. rooms, $12 up; single. $6 up. .
! OAK, 119—1 sunny room, partly furnished. $6;
1 front room, complete for housekeeping. $5.
O'FARRELL, Sunny, front housekeeping
floor; 2, -3. or _.4\ rooms. . .-''..
POST, Unfurnished front and back par-
lor and kitchen; rent- $14. '
POST; S2l— Sunny ' suite of ; rooms ; conveni- •
ence's for housekeeping.; private. ;
POST, 022— Unfurnished sunny connecting rms. ;
gas; water; yard; newly furnished halls.
! NINTH, 21— Suite of sunny rooms furnished for
light housekeeping; running water; stove.
SHIPLEY, 259—3 furn'shed housekeeping rooms,
$10; unfurnished, $8; no children: no dogs.
I SCOTT. 315. near Furnished rooms for
housekeeping; lower floor. : ■__
SECOND 130— let; furnished front : rooms, '
single and double. in a private house; fur-
niture In perfect order; reasonable prices.
SEVENTH. 191— Large front rooms for house- :
kpg.; connctng.' rms.. sink; run. water.: reas.
| SIXTH. 216&— Nice suite front rooms for light
| housekpg; also sunny backrooms for hkpg.
SIXTH. 420— Elegant furnished parlor suite;
also housekeeping rooms complete: reasonable.
SIXTEENTH. Rooms furnished for house-
keeeptng; front, sunny suites; fire places;
suite. $10. up. ' ■_
SOUTH PARK. 184—2 sunny rooms, nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping; rent $10. ■
SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, complete
for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 in kitchen
and 1 in bedroom, with suite to match; furni-
ture all new: $11 per month: suitable for 3 or.
4 persons. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mission 1
St., bet. First and Second. " . ■" ' ' \
I TAYLOR. 323— Nicely furnished front sunny \
room for light housekeeping: $10. . - .
TEHAMA. 331— Sunny furnished rooms for
■housekeeping; also single; bath; private.
TURK. . 20—2 nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms ; % cheap.
.TWELFTH, 12— Rooms, furnished or unfur-
nished, for housekeeping; rent $8. ' "■'
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367. nr. Mission— desirable
sunny furnished housekeeping -rooms; stove;
running water; $10. . \
VALENCIA, 1028—3 rooms ■ for light . house-
keeping. ■
3 HOUSEKEEPING rooms, $14, not front; oth-
ers, $7; sunny. 505 Jones.
3 GOOD lafg-5 unfurnished, rooms; cellar and
yard,-' cheap. Inquire 561 Sixth.
$10— FLAT. 4' rooms, hall, . double parlors. 18
Lexington aye., nr. Eighteenth.
■•' ■ ROOMS VO LET. .•' '•
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Et.— Pleasant
runny rooms; en suite or t:ngle; 'first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable. '. . -
BALBOA. The. 1049 A Market— hands:
renovated; rooms 50c. suites $1 per day; less
per. week; country trade solicited: elev'tr;tel.
BELGRAVIA, 1715 Polk— Elegant sunny rooms,
furnished or unfurnished; housekeeping; table
board. . - . * : . -
BRODERICK, 309— Front and back parlor; un-
furnished.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth St., corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single. 25c to $1 a f night;
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night; Howard-st.
cars pass house direct from all .trains. _....-.
CARROLLTON, IJO6 Market, cor. Golden Gate—
Nicely furnished; rooms and offices. ,;;
DELAWARE. 1433 Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. : $8. 110 mo.
EDDY. 118 — Sunny pleasant • furnished rooms;
central; very desirable: $6 per month upward.
EDDY. 330, between Jones and Leavenworth—
Handsome parlor suite; also single rooms;
carpets and • furniture entirely new; at rea-
sonable , rent. ..:.-. v . , • . ■
EDDY. 473 (427)— 2 bright sunny rooms,, small
and large, well furnished. , . .
EDDY, 614— Very desirable single ■ sunny front
room; closets, bath, gas; private family: $8.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— Nice sumy suites
& sing.. $1 50, $6 wk.; 50c, $1 day; tel. 81. 1364.
GEARY, ' 622— Sunny front ' bay-window room;
newly furnished; gas: running water.
GLOBE House. S2l Howard— night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4: reading-room; Howard cars
GOLDEN GATE. Corner suite, nicely fur-
nished, sun all day; also housekeeping rooms.
GOLDEN GATE. Parlor floor suitable for
physician or dentist; carpeted.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1057— single sunny
room; rent reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; . families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $150 to $6 :er week.
HASKELL, The, 121 Powell— New management;
cheap, neat, light, sunny rooms; transient.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant
suites and single rms.; transient. Mrs. J.King.
HOWARD, 953%. near Sixth— Newly furnished
sunny rooms; bath; $1 week up r quiet house.
HOWARD, 1312, near Ninth— Sunny front room;
gas, bath; use of kitchen; very reasonable;
to lady. .
HOWARD, 1802—3 '■ front sunny bay-window
rooms; rent cheap.
JONES, 215 — Sunny single front rooms; grate;
bath; gas; reasonable. '■'■■ ' ■ -
MECHANICS' HOUSE. 436 ■ Fifth— Everything
new; rms., single or suite, $1 wk. up; trans-
clent; bar In connection. F. W. Gardener, bro.
C. J. Gardener of Folsom and Rausch, prop.
•MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room;, $1 per week; transient. .
MISSION, 9*3 (Mint House)— Nice sunny fur-
nished rooms: transient; new house;: central.
KATOMA, 1002— Single sunny front room,' with
private family; reasonable rent; bath and
toilet on same ■ floor. ■ ■ ..-.. ■ ... ..
OCTAVIA. 404—8 unfurnished rooms, with store
attached. , r. ■...".■
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— Sunny bay-win-
dow; running water; gents preferred; $8. •
O'FARRELL, Sunny furnished rooms: ele-
vator; electrio lights; day, s week or month.,
O'FARRELL. 280 (El wood House)— Nicely fur-
nlshed sunny rooms; hot and . cold water;
quiet; transient. : v -• ■.-.■:■■ -'.-«.- :;'<:::,■
O'FARRELL, 635— Four pleasant and conven-
. lent > furnished t rooms; water; gas; : grates,
et*:. ; prices: from $3 to $14. " r ■••.. i.
PIEDMONT House, 119 A Nicely furnished
sunny front rooms; double," single: first class.
POLK,"- 610— Handsomely furnished back parlor;
.grate, gas; use of , bath; private family.
POLK, 1602— Upper flat: unfurnished room; run-
ning water; closet; it. ' .'' ■'"■' .
POST. 970— Lovely sunny front .room:*. 1 or 2
gentlemen or lady employed during day; rent
reasonable; call before it p..m.. . . ' .
SEVENTH, 179— New house: , newly furnished:
modern; sunny; single or, suite; $6 to $20 mo.
SEVENTH,' — 4 ' large rooms, sunny cottage,
:$7 60. ■ .•.--■ ■■ ■ ' :■■■■■'■ • -'- :■■-■•■
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished , and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 23%— Nice ;' sunny front rooms; also
single rooms; . reasonable. .^t 1 -'?-"".
SIXTH. 136— suitable for 2: folding bed
. and .grate :» also other rooms. ■ •■
SUTTER; 1111— Clean and comfortable furnished
. rooms; single and en suite: very reasonable.
TAT, 6, i between Clay. Powell, " Mason— Nice
.furnished room In French family. . '.- • ■-. .•■•-;
TAYLOR, Nicely furnished* front rooms;
en suite or plngle: bath, gas. ; -'.■'-■■.-: ]■- .\
TURK. 132— Nicely furnished rooms; transients
.'accommodated;! reasonable. •' : -
TURK. Nicely : furnished sunny single
i room: bath;, rent $1 per week. . .•.,.'...
WIDOW, alone, would give a home to reliable
i woman: •; small . remuneration. Call Monday
between 10 and 1, 1131 McAllister. St. >.. ■ : . : ;
$5 MONTH, bed and r sitting room combined;
■' sunny; - furnished. Address box 257, Call.
1 i ROOM :in exchange ! " for music ' lessons ; 1 pri-
v ate family. -Address box. 259 A. Ca11. .: •
.^ "-::•■;•■-■;•;".: ; STORAGE. s:^ _ , :
PIERCE-RODOLPH. Storage and ■- Moving I Co.
Office 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main £711
ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL Sutherland. 791 -.gutter st.. corner
Jones— Best location in the city; elegantly
furnished; first "cla«S In every respect; table
unsurpassed; elevator; suites, with board.. $50-
upward. Please apply' between 10 a. m. . and
8 p. m.
AT Sutter. Sunny; Choice; reasonable: 5
. minutes from business center; board, optional..
FIRST, 415— Swedish private :: hoarding. . with
room, U a week up: elegant parlor suite. .
HOTEL Fairmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first alass in every respect; table
, unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2/ $50- a month up. >-
! -HO WARD,. 2606— Large, sunny . room, : - gra,te,
large closet, with board for; 2;' HO. ,- ':
IRVING, • 1070 Valencia— Large sunny front al-
cove room. :: -.-. -. :-■ - .-...-- —■.■•-., -r.^-.i ..- -. ■
LARKIN, 1010— French private family; rooms
; and .- board : .French ; conversation -at table;
terms reasonable. .-*,-.•>;;^ .'>-,^-j ,'. ■;..:<•■•■■
MCALLISTER, 697— Front bay-window and back
parlor;, piano; with or. without board;, bath;
reasonable. ...-■ ... . .. .-U .. ■*
O'FARRELL, Sunny single rrii.: also sunny
parlor for 3 gentlemen; 'home comforts: piano.
PARK House, Twenty-fourth " and Mission-
Board and lodging. U SO. and J".; rooms. $1 25
up: board without room. ?3 50. ■'• .... ;*; * - ; .
SOUTH ; PARK. J. 159— furnished .rooms
With board. $4 to. $5 per. week: home cooking.
SUTTER, 1128— Elegant room and board :'lqca-
• tion unsurpassed; reasonable.-.. ■. ■. .. r ■-.'■•.-
VAN : NESS aye.. ' 51i>— Sunny furnished suites
. "and single rooms;- first-claps table board.
VAN NESS, 712— Nicely furnished sunny single
rooms; running water; bath: gas: table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
GOOD home and . mother's care for child not
less than 6 months old, in Swedish family.
Call 3272 Folsom st. • -
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; fur-
nished room for parent; 51 Clara st.
LADY wishes baby to raise; mother's care
g'ven. Address 1523 Dolores, nr. Twenty-ninth.
WANTED— I or 2 children to board; a mother's
: care given. Apply 920 Railroad aye./ South
; San Franoineo. . • .
STORES TO LET. ''*
SHOEMAKER ? shop to rent. with furnished
•sleeping room: good chance for steady single
i man. Call barber shop, 744 Fourth st.
SIXTH. 318 — Large store; suitable for gents'
• furnishing or dry goods.
i STORE suitable for barber or shoemaker; cheap
; rent. 1690 Mission st. . .
STORE; 2 show windows; ' 2 rooms; rent cheap.
| ISO 2 Howard st. .
$9 AND $10; 2 stores, with living room. 339 Noe
St., near Market: stable If desired. ■
' ; OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.:
light, beat, janitor and telephone: rents $13 50
to $20. ASHTON A GAT»r.VKR. room 210.
MISSION, 865— Suitable for physician; occu-
pied by such formerly. -'.
TO LET— Large sunny offices, every conven-
lence. at 751 Sutter st. ■
; , . SEWING MACHINES.
NEARLY new, perfect . order, 2 machines,
cheap. THE DELAWARE, 1155 Market st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145.- Sixth: 'phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold,: exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
HORSES.
60 HORSES of ever.' description at Emporium
Salesyards, 220 Valencia St.. bet. Thirteenth
and Fourteenth: also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc., at your own price. ■ ' ■ . •
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth; auction sales every . Wednes-
day SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. '
ATTORNEYS, AT LAW.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice; open evgs. Any McCabe, 103 Larkin.
ADVICE free; divorce laws: private. J. ;B.
EVANS, 14 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
ADVICE free— W. P. ADAMS, 607 Emma
Spreckels bldg., 927 Market; charges moderate.
L. 8.- CLARK— Emma Bpreckels bldg.. 927 Mar- ■
ket: consultation free: no fees in advance."
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 817 Market St. ;
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office or The Can.
Subscriptions and ads taken. -* .-.- ' .- ■
. PHYSICIANS;
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. 6'Donnell. offlci"
and residence. 1021H Market, bet. 6th and Tth.
HAVES, Branch office of The Call.' Sub-
scriptions, and ads taken. - ■ ■
M AEBIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Peter W. Bradey and Julia Raab.;. „'..*.. 24-21
Otis A. Kittlnger and Agnes M. White.. '....28-18
Jaen A. Grove and Ida M. Parlett " 23-18
John Curtln and Honora Fogerty 63-48
Carl P. A. Skan and Anna N. Lund... 34-31
Edw. T. Murray and Hattie B. C1ark...... 22-21
Walter D. Schranz and Elmira C. Panno.. 23-21
Engvalde Austad and Theodora Kuntsen..33-25
W. E. E. Kllpsteln and Mary Maglnness.. 24-21
Otis B. Spaltling and Mabel L. Garrard
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent "by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published '.'
/ ; * '-\ BOBN. ./;.: ' ;V-
AMARK— In this city, December i. '■ IS9B, to the
wife of Fred L. Amark, a son. . • ■ •
BRENNAN— In this city, November 30/1893, to
the wife of E. P. Brennan, a daughter.
COLEMAN— In this r .city, December 5, 1898, to
the wife of James Coleman, a daughter.
DAVIS— In this city, December 6, IS9S, to the
wife of Joseph J. Davis, a son. ". : ■ ;
DENALD— In this city, December 6, 1898, to the
" Wife of William, Denald, a son. ■ ■
HARMUTH— In this city, November 10, 1898, to
the wife of Mori Harmuth, a son. -
HARRIS— this city, December 9, 189S, to the
•wife of David Harris, a daughter. - -
HEANEY— In this city, " December i. IS9B, to
i the wife of E. J. Heaney, a son.
HILDEBRAND— In Ulis city, December 6, IS9B,
| to the wife of F. C. Hildebrand, a son.
HOGAN— In Oakland. November 29. 1898. to the
•' wife of Joseph M. Hogan, a son.
KAST— In this city, November 30, 1898, to the
•'wife of E. H. Kaat, a son. •■:. .;■•/•■ .
KELLY— In this city, December 7. IS9B, to the
wife of , Hugh :P. . Kelly (nee McManus), a
son. . ;., • ■■•■ . • ■ ".-./■.
LEVY— In this city, December 1, 1898, to the
wife of Alfred I. Levy, a daughter.
L.INDAUER— In this city, December 3, 1898, to
the wife of Gus Lindaue'r, a son. ■ ; -^
McMANUS— In this cTty, October 24, 1898, to
\ the wife of E. B. McManus. a son. ■ • ,
MERZBACH— In this city, December 9, 1898, to
the wife of S. 'H. Merzbach, * a son. ■::-,- :
MITCHELL— In this city, November 22. 1898, to
the wife of Clarence L. Mitchell, a daughter.
SMITH— In this city, November 12, 1898, to the
- wife of J. W. Smith. a son. >-. ■■;-. ' -. : . ■-
MARRIED.
BARN AR^tSWIFT— In San " Jose, December ', 8, .
B 1898, by the Rev. M. C. Brigs*. Brad Barnar
and. Mary E. Swift, both of San Francisco. -
JOSEPH— SHADE— In this city, -December. 7,
< IS9S, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, William Jo-
seph and -Grade O. Shade. >•--..; -.; i,»\iA
McGRATK— In this city, December
7, 1898, ■by the = Rev. >J. Fuendeling,' i George
T. Koppen and Lillte. J. McGrath. ■
McAULIFFE— In . this city, No-
' vember 23, 1898, by the Rev. Father Joseph
McAullffe, Charles McAuHffe and . Victorine
Cassclln, ■ both of : San Francisco. . :.. .\ ,
O' HARA— EDWARDS— In this city. November
,27, lS9S,.by the Rev. Father Nugent, . James
O'Hara and Lillian Edwards, both of San
Francisco. ;..".■■• .-.:>>•'::••.•■ ;>i . -."..-t^..' r >+-
OLSEN— MUNDER— In this city. -December 8,
1898, by the Rev. J. H. Buehler, Ole Olsen
and Agnes Munder. ■■'>'■' *;■ '. ■'■ ! .-;- '".-.'.;';;•• -j-
..-■ ._:..... r:^... -:-j)rap.;.--.:-;--;-f 7 -~-;'V~"
Ames, Alice K. " '■ Maher. Mary E. >/
Barclay, Mollie M. . Naranjo. Juan .'•■.
Barnes, Sarah M. - ' Nelson, GustaT '
Bohns, ■ Emllie O'Connor, James J. ~
■ Brennan, > Vincent J. . . Ransome, Mrs: E. -
Carson, Frank B. ' Rich/ Annie T. '
Davidson, Ewen W. ;. Rourke. Catherine ' ;
Farmar, Richard J. Schneider, Carl R. i
Fearey. Sadie H. . Schussler. : Michael
Hennigan. Bridget »• ,SeWen, Friedrich F.
Howe, Lily M. r Shaw, Albert , ;
■ Hynes, Mary • ■* : ./. Sstnedley, Rev. Frank
'. . Jacobs, Joseph W. Smith, Clarence M.
Kavanagh, Jameß H. .. Smith, Ann
Kenney, Joseph F. _• 'Smith/Robert,' ' ■
'■' ■'■ Ktewißcn,'. Amulet • *->■" ■' Tyson. Minnie .-- .^
Loughlln, George- F. Wlgney, George A : -.
Lundholm; Ellen A. Wohnar. Ellis
. McCune, Annie ■ .'• Wright. Elizabeth : •
McMillan, Margaret ; , '; .;. ■
AMES— In Anaconda, Mont.. December 10. 1898
Alice. " Katherine, beloved ■ daughter .of George
E. and Addle P. Ames, and sister of Laura
M. and- George E. Ames Jr., >a : native of
! Nevada," aged 28 years. ,-—,;.■ •
BARCLAY— In this ,j cits*.- December 9, V 1898.
■ - Mollle ' Myers ' Barclay, beloved -, daughter of
' Mr. , and Mrs. Henry P. .Tricou, mother of
Harry T. Barclay, and sister of Harry, Eu-
gene, Lucien and Frank Trlcou, a native of
Schnectady. N. V., aged 33 years. (Washing-
ton, D. C., and Schneetady papers please,
copy.) ... . .
C^Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend' the funeral services this - day (Sun-
i day), at 9:30 o'clock, at the late . residence,
846 Grove street. Interment private. -.■' ■-
BARNES— In Thermalito, Cal.. December 8,
9M, Sarah M., • beloved wife of John W.
Barnes, and mother of. W. W. , Barnes, a na-
tive of Ohio, aged 71 years 11 months: and 17
days. ■ " v ■•- ■ .■■■- '
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to : attend the funeral this day
. (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her son. W. XV. Barnes, 209 Twenty-eighth
street, near Church. : Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by carriage. ' - "r :■' •
BOHNS— In this city. December 10.1598, Emllie.
beloved wife of the late John Ludwig Bohns,
. and mother of Louis Bohns, a native of Ger-
many, aged 66 years 8 months and 18 days.
'■E^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral- to-morrow
(Monday), at I. o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. ■ Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
; BRENNAN— In Stockton, December 10. 1898.
Vincent J., beloved son of XV. L. and Mary
A. Brennan,' a native of California, aged 12
years 5 months and 22 days.
C^Friends and ' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 30 o'clock, from the residence
'of '■' his parents. 20 East Lafayette street,
Stockton, thence to St. Mary's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated. Inter-
• ment Atlanta Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
CARSON— In Oakland. December 9, 1898, Frank
8., ' husband of Fannie Carson, a native of
Michigan, aged 39 years 5 months and 10
1 . day». . -. .'::■"■ ;-■', •- .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to 1 attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from A. O. U. W.
Hall, Broadway,, between Thirteenth and
Fourteenth streets, Oakland. Interment
strictly privates
DAVIDSON— In this city, December 10, 1898,
Ewen W. \V., beloved husband of Eliza Dav-
idson, father of Clare Davidson, son of James
Davidson, and brother of Thomas J. David-
son, Mrs. J. F. Dempsey and Blanche David-
son, a native of San Francisco, aged 26 years
7 months and 7 days.
FARMAR— In this • city, December 10, 1898;
Richard J., beloved- husband of Miriam Far-
mar. and son of Mary A. and the late Richard
B. Farmar, a native of San Francisco, aged
37 years 4 months and 23 days.' -
(£?" The funeral will take Dlace to-morrow
(Monday)., at 2 o'clock, from the Church of
the Advent. Eleventh street, near Market.
Interment private. Remains at. the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. • . ■■;' .
FEAREY— this city, December 10. 1898, Sadie
H., beloved daughter of Robert D. and Sarah
Fearey, a native of Oakland, aged 5 years 5
months and 6 days. .
• ET Funeral private.
HENNIGAN— this city. December 9, IS9S.
Bridget Hennigan of Halfmoon Bay, wife of
Dennis Hennigan. beloved mother of Nellie
and ' Edward Hennlgan, and sister of Mrs.
Edward Ring and John Roach, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 54 years.
(ET'The funeral will take place this . day
(Sunday)," at '9:3o o'clock, from the parlors
of: James McMenomy & Son. 1057 Mission
street, near Seventh. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
HOWE— In ' this city. December 9, IS9S. Lily
Margaret, youngest and dearly oeloved daugh-
t er of John W. ' and Lena Howe, sister of
Violet Howe, ' stepsister of Henry kchroeder,
and granddaughter of Mrs. Meta Harde, a
native of San Francisco, aged 5 years 7
months and 12 days. (Minneapolis papers
please copy.) . . • . ' . , . . '
Friends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 27 Clarence place, off Town-
send street, between Second and Third. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. .
HYNES— In this city, December. 8, IS9S, Mary,
beloved wife of John Hynes. and mother of
John J. Hynes, a native of Glin. County
- Limerick. Ireland, aged 51 years.
CTFrlenda'and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 408 Laguna street, thence ■ to Sacred
Heart Church, corner Fell '-'and Fillmore
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. •
JACOBS— this city, December 10, 1898, Jo-
seph Warren, dearly beloved son of Joseph
and Ella J. Jacobs, a native of San Francisco,
aged 22 years 5 months and 10 days. (Nevada
. City papers please . copy.) . ■
cyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
KAVANAGH— In this city, December 9. 1898.
James H., beloved husband of Margaret R.
Kavanagh, father of Annie Eleanor Kavan-
agh, and stepfather of John J. Farrell. a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 54 years 8 months and
22 days. A member ' of George H. Thomas
Post, G. A. R. - .-.' .".■■ ' ■■'
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the : funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1258 Twelfth avenue, south of Golden,
Gate Park", r th"eriee to St. 'Agnes Church,
where mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, at 9 o'clock.. Interment . Holy
Cross Cemetery. •«=• ■*-' • ■'-.
COURT ACME No. 51, F. of A.— The officers
. and members, of Court Acme No. 51, F. of
A., are hereby notified to assemble at 1253
Twelfth avenue. Sunset District, this day
(Sunday), at 8 o'clock, to attend the funeral
of our late brother, James Kavanagh. By
order A. J. SIEVERS, Chief Ranger.
, D. J. CRONIN, Rec. Secretary.
KENNEY— this city, December 10. 1598..J0r
seph Francis Kenney. a native of California,
aged 32 years 5 months and 10 days.
KLEWISCH— In this city, December 9. 1898,
Amulet Klewlsch, a native of San Francisco,
aged 25 years. ". : '
LOUGHLIN— In this city, December 8, 1898,
George F., beloved husband of Kate Lough-
lln, only and beloved . son of Peter J. and
Mary Loughlln. and brother of Clara Lough-
lin, a native of San Francisco. .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 2914 Twenty-first street, thence
to St. Peter's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LUNDHOLM— In this city. December 10. 189 S.
Ellen Aileen. beloved Infant daughter of Nel-
lie : and John Lundholm, and dear sister of
Madeleine Lundholm, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 months and 13 days.
McCUNE— In this city, December 7. IS9S. An-
nie McCune, sister of James ■ MeCune and
Mrs. Kate Dunn of St. Louts, Mo., a native
of County Monaghan, Ireland, aged 25 years.
(St. Louis. Mo., papers please copy.) .
ETFriends and acquaintances are' respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. John Leishman. 353 Hill street, cor-
ner of Sanchez. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. ,
McMILLAN— In this < city. December 8, 1898,
Margaret, beloved wife of Angus McMillan,
and beloved mother of Mrs. F. Oster. Mrs.
Jessie Klrchner and Daniel -T. McMillan, a
native of County Mayo, Ireland.
■ (T?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock,, from her late resi-
dence, 641 A Folsom street, thence to St. Rose's
Church,' where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
. commencing at 8 o'clock. Interment • Holy
Cross Cemetery; • •-
MAHER— In this city. December 8, 1898.' Mary
E., beloved wife of M. A. Maher. a native of
San Francisco, aged 33 years. . .
•17 The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 441 Elizabeth street. Interment " Holy
Cross Cemetery.
NARANJO— In' the City and County Hospital.
December 10. 1598, Juan Naranjo, a native of
Ecuador, aged 34 years. .
NELSON— this city. December 9, 1898, Gustaf
Nelson, a native of Sweden, aged 40 years."
E3*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral" this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from . the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— In this city, December 10,: IS9B,
James J., beloved .husband of Margaret C.
O'Connor, a native 'of San Francisco, aged 43
years.
CT'Frlendß -are respectfully tn\-ited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Monday), at 9
o'clock, from the Commercial Hotel, corner
of Kearny street and Montgomery avenue,
thence to St. Francis Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass wili be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
RANSOMK— In this city, December S, iB9S, Mrs.
Emma Ransome, beloved mother of Henry
Mac Donald, and daughter of Mrs. Mary Mc-
Gregon, a native of Bath, Me., aged 43 years.
C7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her son. 1212 Mission street. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
RICH— In this city, December -10, IS9S. Annie
Theresa, youngest daughter of Edward M.
and Rose .Rich, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 1 month and 10 days.
ROURKE— In this city. December 10, 1898, Mrs.
Catherine Rourke. mother of John W. and
Margaret T. Rourke, aged 98 years and 4
months. (Brooklyn, N. V., papers please
copy. )
ICT'The funeral will take rilaee to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her son, John W. Rourke. 1924 Pine street,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where serv-
ices will be held at 10 o'clock. Interment
private.
SCHNEIDER— In thlg city. December 9, IS9B.
Carl Richard, beloved son of Amelia Schnei-
der, and brother of Rosa and Paul .Schneider,
a native of Saehsen. Germany, aged 46 years
1 month and 23 days.
SCHUSSLER— In this city, December 8, 1898,
Michael, beloved husband of Bertha Schuss-
ler, and father of Amy Schussler, a native
of Austria, aged 53 years 11 months and U
days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2342 Devlsadero street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by special tram
at 11 o'clock from Third and Townsend
streets. Omit flowers.
SEIDEN*— In thin city. December 9, 1898. Frted-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAI^'SBS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln Sabooi.
Telephone South 80.
1314
rich F. petden, n native of \*auenburg, Ger-
many, aged 70 years.
$;? Friends and acquaintances aro respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral tomorrow
(Monday), a! - o'clock, from the parlors of
H 1". Puhr •<• Co.. 120!' Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FHAW In Hay wards. December 9, IS9B. Albert
Bhaw, a native of Maine, aged 73 years.
B • I'ricnd? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), from Ma late residence in Hay-
wardß. Interment Ixme Tree Cemetery-.
BMEDL.EY— In this city. December 10, IS9B,
K.u Prank Perclval Pmedley, a native of
. years L' months and 20 days.
mains at the pnrlnrs of H. c. Hunker
9 i ' . 26M Mission street, Mission Masonic
Ten. | l<
BMITH- In this city, December 10. 189 ft, Clar-
M . Infant Bon "f Carlos D. Smith, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 10 months.
EMITII-ln this city, December 10. IS9S. at her
residence, 5 Railway avenue, Ann Smith, be-
loved mother of Mrs. Agnes Bergman, a na-
tive ni Nashville, Term. aged 8S years.
B 'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited ti attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), ai I o'clock, from the Third Con-
. Ltional Church, Fifteenth street, near
Mission.
SMITH- In this city, December 9, IS9S. Rob-
ert, beloved husband of the late Matilda
Smith, and father of Mary A. and MaKKie J.
.smith, a native of County Antrim, Ireland,
aged ~- years 7 months and v days.
C r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
i Sunday), at I o'clock, from his late resi-
• ••, KM Sixteenth street, between Noe and
tro. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
TTSON fn Piedmont District. Oakland. Decem-
ber 1", lMi\ Minnie, wife 'if .lames 1,. Tyson,
a niitivi- of Wisconsin, aged 41 years 7 months
days
WIGNET— In Alameda, December 8, IS9S,
ft A . dearly i loved husband of Agnes
Wigney, and father Of Mr.--. Charles Ratto.
Mrs, K. P. Pendleton, Mrs C. J. Sharp and
George, Bennie and the late .wilie V. Wig-
ney. a nal lon, Kngland, aged 55
:.:!:s and -:■ days.
ranees n.re respect-
fully Invited tn attend the funeral this day
Sunday), at 2 . . the First Baptist
Church, Santa Clara avenue, between Stanton
:iml Benton Btn ets, Kit i
WOLMAR— In this city. December 10, 1898,
Ellis, beloved husband of the late Jennie
Wolmar. a native of Poland, aged 63 years.
WRIGHT— In this city, December \<> 189S
•d daughter of William an 1
Annie Wright, and sister of Robert J.. Wil-
liam .1 . Frank S., Joanna E., Emily, Edward
A.. Cl ari< i J., I an 1 Joseph
J. Wright, Mr-. Joseph Nolan and Mrs. Roy
Gallagher, a native of s.tn Francisco, aged 13
years.
C- "Frhr.is and acquaintance* .ire respect-
fully lnvit< : the funeral to-morrow
fMonday) I ck, fr..m the resilience
of her parents, :2i^ Fifteenth street, thence
to Mission Dolores Church, corner Sixteenth
nni! i. rvicea. Interment
H Jy i"i «a Cemetery.
BERBST— In this city, December 11. Catherine
C. H.rist. daughter of Charles aiid the late
Catherine Ik-rb:-t, aged 22 years S months
f funeral hereafter
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Estate of Joseph P. Hale (by executor) to
John A. Lennon, lot on X line of Oak street,
137:6 W of Octavia. \V 137:6 by x 120; $W,SOO.
Anals Rale and Josephine C. H. Boyle to
same, same; $3000.
Estate of Joseph M. Wood (by Abbie R and
Martha Wood, executors) to Ella A. McLeod,
let on N line of Broadway. 122:4 E of Stelner
street, E 2~:i by X 137:6: $3575.
W. J. J. and Sadie A. Weekes (by S. C
Bigelow and A. A. Smith) to Savings and Loan
Society, LB2B d 45, lot un SW corner of Green
wich and Scott streets, W 122:4 by S 68 .-9, trus
tees' deed; $1691.
Ely I. and Helen J. Hutchinson and Robert
B. Woodward to James T rry. lot on W line
of Jessie street, 120 S of Thirteenth, S 25 by
W 90; 10.
Edward Fennel. Thomas Clifford and Annie
Anglin to Otto Johnson, lot on x line of Dun
can street. 75 E of Church. E 25 by X 114; $10.
James. Daisy i.. and M. E. Rountree to
Louis Metzger, lot on SE corner of Alfarado
and Castro streets, 8 26:6 by I" 105; $10.
Irita and John W. Doubleday to Mary E.
Pennis, lot on \V line of Homestead street, 110
S of Twenty-fourth, s 50 by W 125; $5.
Abraham Halsey, Victor P. Lord, Stella Hall
Berth. lf (wife of C. F-.), Geneva Hall Mont
gomery (wife of C), Emma Gifford Hall and
Arthur L. Piper to Louis Metzger, lot on S
corner of First and Jessie . streets, SE 50 by.
SW 156; $10.
Laura' G., James N. and Ada W. McCune to
Lloyd Tevis, undivided .three-sixteenths inter
est in lot on E line of Sixteenth avenue, 25S S
of California street, E 147:8, SE 1:7, SW 3610
W 117:8. X 25; $;>. ' '
Francis M Hawley to Wlllard V. Hunting
ton, lot on X line of Fifteenth avenue, 144 X
of B street. X 48 by E 127:6: $10.
Maria Wilson to John Smith, lot on W line
of Wood street, 75 S of Lincoln, S 25 by W 70,
lot 48, Gift Map 1; $500.
Jeremiah and Francis Noonan to J. Xoonan
Loan Company (a corporation), lot on E line
of State street, 134 X of Railroad avenue, X
25 by E 100. lot 10, block 39, City Land Asso
ciation; also lot on ■■'. X line of King
ston street, 17:. S of Berkshire, S 25 by
E 100. lot 29. block 6. Mission and Thirtieth
Street Extension Homestead; also lot on X
line of Lobos street, 212 E of Orizaba, E 23 by
X 125, lot 7. block 6, Railroad Homestead Asso
ciation: $10.
Royal Wallace Cudworth to Edward J. Le
Breton, estate of James W. Cudworth. No. 20,
137, deed and assignment: 1300.
Alameda County.
Harrison A. and Eva A. Jones to Mary
Hayes, lot on S line of Park avenue, 2358:6 W
of «-»n Pablo, W 53 by S 125, being a subdi
vision of Plat 6, Rancho Y. and D. Peralta
Oakland Township; $2000.
J. D. and Sarah V. Hammond to The Cali
fornia Annual Conference of M E. Church (a
corporation), lot on N line of Falrvlew street,
150 "W of Calais, x l?.:, by W 50, being lot 4,
block F, subdivision S. portion Harmon Tract,
Berkeley; - $10.
M. and Georgia B. Dikes to Mary J. Gal
braith, lot 7. block F, Stone Tract, being a sub
division of lots 1 to 5 of Stone Subdivision,
Brooklyn Township: $10.
B. Kelsey to Julia Baker, lot 13, block 18.
North Alameda Tract, Brooklyn Township,
quitclaim deed: $10.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
E M Hecbt, Berkeley F Blempchle, Zurich
D M Barlan. Cal L Frledrieh. Basel
W .! O'Meara, rtah J H McGowan. <>
J W Farwell, Chicago Mrs J H McGowan, O
I' S Bartlett. Chicago L Bernheim. Butte
W M Sims. Sacto n I) Colvin. Seattle
H Yerrintnon. lielmont A N F"ssen<len, Cal
P Lehment. Germany B Herbst. N V
W Lehment, Germany R M Lamm, N V
A R Katz. N V Mrs M II Dodd. D C
C Kaufmann, Basel
NEW WESTERN.
O Preston & w, Stktn A J Laux, Mo
P Dimgovlch, Sta Clara B T Bethel, Ky
F. Ferrari, Sta Clara M O'Kane, Stockton
J H Taylor. Barton C B Lyons, S Mateo
J D. Ritchie, Isleton D Farnum, N.\
J 6 Brannaß, Fresno P F Andrews, El Paso
J J Connolly, Yallejo D Johnson, N V
J C Robertson. I'kiali Mrs B Smith, Lob Gat
J Duncan, Seattle J L Thomas, N V
A Brock, Mich
GRAND HOTEL.
C H Clark & w, Sacto. Mrs D J Healey & c,
\V Jordan. San Jose Petaluma
E Sherard & w, Utah I B Sanford, Ukiah
J L> McGilvry, Denver J H BJvely, St Louis
A Doall. Denver |M Long, St Louis
U' Seattle, Denver I H Payne. El Paso
W G Witter. Bn I'arlos A. \V Melollng, N V
E L Alderson. Placervl (} F Taylor, Los Ang
r" li Green, San Rafael H C Belding, Stockton
H lingers. Sacto H X Weaver. Stockton
U H Morris, Winters ,{V M Erlckson. Martinz
ii W Otfden. Sacto ill Peterson, Martinez
A Joullln. Mexico I P Minor, San Rafael
T X Field, Mexico i" Erlckson, Martinez
A E Graham, Berkeley M S Clack, Oakland
£ Farley. Vallejo A B Hughe?, w.LsAng
E St M Brown, Seattle Miss A Hughes, LsAng
H W Patton, Ls Ang O M Williams. Chicago
T Booth. St Louis .? M King. Melroge
E L Webber, Napa |W R Johnson. Stocktn
\V McMullen. Boston J A Miller &w. Seattl
Mrs X Coates. Peta H S Johnson. Omaha
Mies Coates, Petaluma Miss W Kaseburfr Sac
C E Lindsay. Sta Cruz J W Kasehurg, Sacto
W Harris. Sun Jose F J Stevens &. w. Cal
W H Roiimans. Sacto H M Levlnsky. Stcktn
H O Melvin. Sacto IE Stein, Illinois
C G Fleckenstein & w. \V J Tinnin. Fresno
Penicia M King & w, Nlles
J Enoa & w. Nilea
DENVER LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DENVER. Dec. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts. 200.
Market dull but steady. Beef steers, $3 (M
4 10; cows. $2 75JT3 25: feeders, freight paid to
river. $3 50^4 : stockers do, ■ $3 76<54 10; bulls
•stags, etc.. »2ff?2 75.
HOGS— Receipts. 500. Market active and
steady. Light •packers. $3 Ss@3 40; mixed $3 30
93 35: heavy. $3 25®3 30.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. ' - .
~m~
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
R Saturday. December 10
Saturday. December 10
Schr rbara Hernster, Jensen, 56 hours from
Coquille River. .
SAILED.
Saturday, December 10.
• Stmr Alcatraz, Fagerlund\
Stmr Coquille River. Johnson. Fort Bragg
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT . LOBOS, Dec 10, 10 p Weather
hazy; wind- south; velocity 3 miles.
. DOMESTIC PORTS. .
ASTORIA— Dec 10— Stmr Fulton, for
San Francisco; Br stmr Stronea. for Queens
town: Br ship Star of Russia, for Tacoma.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Dec 10— Ger bark
Arllmes, from Port Ludlow. . •
Sailed Dec 10— Schr Chas E Falk. for San
Francisco. .'...-■
• SAN DlEGO— Sailed Dec Ger bark Thal
assa. for Oregon. ' . • • - •
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 10— Haw bark Mauna
Ala, from Port Townsend. •....-. .
Sailed Dec 9— Stnir Leelanaw, for San Fran
cisco. ..- ■■ .' '■■ - ■ ' •* . ■•■
EUREKA— Arrived - Dec 9— Stmr Westport.
.hence | Dec 7: stmr Sunol. hence Dec 5; schr
, Jennie Wand, from Ventura; bktn Eureka,
hence Dec 1. ' - \ " ■.:■'-
Sailed Dec 9— Stmr Samoa, for San Francisco;
schr J G Wall, for San Francisco; schr Lottie
Carson, for San . Pedro. Dec 10 Stmrs North
Fork, Chilkat and Scotia,'' for | San Francisco;
schr Mary Dodgf, for San Francisco. ,
FRISCOS GO
DOWN AGAIN
TO DEFEAT
Ran Up Against It in
the First.
SOME VERY YELLOW ERRORS
AFTERWARD THEY RALLIED,
BUT IT v/AS TOO LATE.
Oaklands Played a Flawless Game.
To-Day ? s Contest With Watson
ville Should Be
Great.
By Joe Corbett.
The "Friscos," poor things, as usual,
presented an unrecognizable collection of
ball tossers yesterday at Recreation Park,
and during the course of the afternoon
proceedings met with the same sort of
defeat that has graced their efforts in
the past on occasions innumerable. I
had been told the night previous by the
"Frontable" Colonel T. P. Robinson that
the Friseos were going to play their full
team and that they intended giving the
best Saturday exhibition ever witnessed
in or near Recreation Park. For the ben
efit of those not acquainted with the fact,
I wish to state that the reason the Colonel
mentioned Saturday games was because
it has become the fad among the differ
ent teams to take things rather easy on
Saturday and to put their best work in
order on the ensuing Sunday. This all
becomes a reality, owing to the scarcity
of the populace in and about the stands
and bleachers. Despite the Colonel's
statement, however, things were not as
represented. The team contained new
faces, and the new faces, combined with
the old ones, gave another one of those
exhibitions which generally land a team
| on the wrong end of the score.
In justice to the new and old, however,
I will say that after the first inning they
played good baseball. Nothing came their
way that was not dallied with to an
advantage, except the ins and outs of Mr.
Moskiman. He was a huge stumbling
block; the kind that appears quite easy at
times, yet turns out, for some reason or
other, to be a very perplexing proposi
tion when base hits are needed badly. But
in the very lirst inning the boys went to
pieces, as it were, and their yellow er
rors, intermingled with the opportune
base hits made by their opponents, put
the game out of their reach entirely.
Big "Truck" Egan, the pride of Manager
Coffroth, and E. Smith, the clever third
base man, were the principal offenders in
the opening inning.
"Truck's" error alone let in two runs,
and the other three that occurred in the
inning, while they did not admit of runs
In the manner of Egan's, yet put men
on ihe bases, and these men were batted
in by the opportune hit spoken of a mo
ment ago.
Not a misplay was visible in their work
after this bad opening. Shea pitched
superbly and cleverly, while the team
did all that could be expected of them
with the new faces and small crowd.
None of the players will be laid up from
overwork. I am certain, but hard labor
is not suppose^ to be on the programme
in these Saturday games. Occasionally
some Mayer will let out an extra link
when hard pushed, but it is only when
the situation is close that any of the men
are expected to move faster than the cold
weather allows. Those few who sat
through the contest did not leave dissat
isfied. The game was a good one after
an inning had been played, and as the
lead secured by the Oaklands at the out
set was not such a large one, interest in
the outcome prevailed to the end.
The Oaklands played an errorless game
and a superb one. It is supposed by them
and others that they have a chance for
the pennant, and, of course, it is but
natural that they manifest more interest
than the "Friscos," who from the latest
accounts will finish in fifth or sixth
place despite the ingenuity of "Fairest"
James. 1 entertain the belief, however,
that the Gilt Edges are beyond the reach
of any team. The protested games will
make many changes and half of them
have yet to be distributed, but the Oak
lands "cannot catch the leaders unless I
am sadly mistaken. They played yester
day one of those easy-going, sure kind
ot games, and if they can do as well to
day in their contest with the Watson
villes the programme should be a glori
ous one.
The features of the game were the si
lence manifested by both teams and the
pointing out of Mr. Dugdall of Seattle
an the "Pride of Peoria."
The score is as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
E. Smith, 3 b 4 12 0 0 4 1
H. Krug, s. s 4 0 10 16 1
Eagan, 2 b 4 0 0 0 3 2 1
Webber, c. f 8 0 0 0 10 0
Hammond, c 4 0 0 0 4 1 0
Croll 1. t 3 0 0 0 4 10
Punl<>avy. lb 3 0 0 0 11 0 1
Goldswofthy, r. f....3 0 0 1 0 0 0
Shea, p 3 1 1 0 0 3 0
Totals 31 2 4 1 24 16 4
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, c. f 4 1 0 0 2 0 0
Billings, s. 8 4 1 3 0 0 1 .0
Hardle. r. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
O'Neill. 2 b 4 110 0 4 0
Lange, 3 b 2 0 0 114 0
Sullivan, c 4 0 10 4 0 0
liraton. 1. f 3 0 117 0 0
Bliss, 1 b 4 0 1 0 12 1 0
Moskiman, p 4 0 10 0 2 0
Totals 33 5 8 2 27 12 0
RUNS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 1 0 0 0 10 0 0 o—2
Base hits 2 0 0 0 2 0 10 o—6
Oakland 4 0 0 0 10 0 0 •— 5
Base hits 2 1 1 1 1 0 0 2 •— 8
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Shea 3, Moskiman 2.
Two-base hits— Billings, Shea, E. Smith. Base
on errors— San Francisco 0, Oakland 4. Base
on balls — San Francisco 2, Oakland 2. Left
on bases— San Francisco S, Oakland 4. Struck
out— By Shea 2. by Moskiman 1. Hit by
pitcher— Donovan. Double plays— E. Smith to
Hammond to Dunleavy: Croll to Hammond;
Lange to Smith to Sullivan. Time of game
—1:15.
WATSONVILLE VS. ATHLETICS.
They Will Play To-Day at Recreation
Park.
The Watsonvilles, with the same line
up of players as marked their passage
through the Gilt Edges on Sunday last,
will play the Athletics to-day. The game
will be a good one. The line-up follows:
Watßonvllle. Positions. Athletics.
Baltz Pitcher Iberg
Chance Catcher Lohman
Lang First base Johnston
Franks Second base Hanley
McCarty Third base McLaughlln
Hayes Left field McCarty
Mertes Shortstop St ultz
Peters Center field .Meaney
Palmtag Right field Hilderbrand
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
TO POINT ARENA— W. F. S., Angels
Camp. The steamers than run to Point
Arena are the Aloha and the Point Arena.
MAURICE C. BLAKE— Subscriber, City.
Maurice C. Blake was Mayor of San
Francisco from December 5, ISSI, until
January 8, 1883.
INTEREST IN SACRAMENTO— J. W.
L., City. The rate charged by the banks
of Sacramento for loans on real estate is
from 6 to 7 per cent, net.
RELICS— A. B. C. City.— For informa
tion about relics and the like call on or
communicate with C. P. Whltcomb, cur
ator of the Museum, Golden Gate Park
SAMOA DISASTER— A Subscriber, City.
The United States ships Vandalia arid
Trenton were wrecked at Samoa March
IB and 16, 1889— that Ib, in the storm during
those dates.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1898.
HER LIFE ALMOST CRUSHED OUT.
An Unknown Woman Knocked Down hu a
Waaon Driven bu a Bou.
GROANING and tossing on a
cot in the female ward of the
Receiving Hospital is a gray
haired woman, whose life
was almost crushed out yesterday
afternoon by being knocked down
by a •wagon at Golden Gate and
Van Ness avenues. Unconscious
from the effects of the shock, the
unfortunate woman is unable to
give her name or tell where she re
sides. From her appearance Police
•with the dog and as he reached Van Ness avenue he failed
to notice his aged victim crossing the street. Being near-sighted the
unfortunate woman, who had a loaf of bread under her arm, did not see the
wagon approaching until she was knocked down. Instead of stopping to
find out whether or not she was injured, the lad whipped up the horse,
which dashed madly along the avenue. A young man, whose name was not
ascertained, realizing that the old woman was seriously injured, started
after Ervin. He saw him enter a livery stable on Gough street, and meet
ing Police Officers Collins and Carr, he told them what had happened.
The policemen followed Ervin into the stable, and placed him under arrest.
In the meantime his aged victim, who was unconscious, was picked
up and carried into a private house. As she seemed to be in a dying con
dition, it was deemed advisable to remove her to the Receiving Hospital,
to which place she was subsequently taken.
Police Surgeon Well, after an examination, gave as his opinion that she
was fatally injured. There was an ugly cut on her forehead and her face
was considerably bruised. Dr. Weil fears that she is suffering from concus
sion of the brain.
To the arresting officers young Ervin said he was driving slowly along
Golden Gate avenue, when suddenly he was startled by the cry of a
woman. He quickly checked the horse and as he did so he saw his victim
lying in the street in dangerous proximity to the animal's hoofs. Several
citizens picked her up, and not thinking she was seriously hurt he continued
on his way. He said that Meyer, the poultry dealer, had instructed him to
take the horse to the stable.
Late last night the boy was released on his own recognizance by or
der of Judge Low. He at once repaired to the Receiving Hospital and in
quired about the condition of his victim. When told that she would prob
ably die he burst into tears and innocently asked if the authorities would
hang him.
"I know they will hang me if she dies," he despairingly remarked.
"The poor lady knows that I did not mean to hurt her."
When assured that he would not be executed for his carelessness he
grew calm and left the hospital, after promising to return to-day and see
how his victim was progressing.
NEWS OF THE MINES.
The meeting of the executive commit
tee of the California Miners' Association
the other evening afforded considerable
cf interest to mining men which could
not be fully set forth in the brief reports
?n the daily papers. The thirty members
present discussed some of the important
things the convention placed in their
hands and ways and means to increase
for the ends the potentiality of the as
sociation in money and membership.
President Neff concisely urged that
some plan was necessary to raise money
to carry out the purposes of the conven
tion.
"The serious question before this asso
ciation in the near future," he said, "will
be the securing of further Congressional
appropriations for restraining dams and
river dredging. An active committee has
been appointed which will probably call
for money before long. There is much
else to do besides." s
One result of the discussion of ways
and means was the adoption of a practi
cally new plan for getting members and
money through the county associations.
A general effort Is to be made to get min
ing operators and companies in sympathy
with the association to require each em
ploye to enroll his name as a member of
nls county association and pay the regu
lar $1 a year dues. This, it was suggest
ed, might be collected by the employer at
the rate of 50 cents each six months.
Several approved this idea. A. H. Ten
Broeck of El Dorado said that It would
be done at the mine he was Interested in
and Attorney J. M. Wright promised $25
for his company and $1 a year for each
of the thirty miners that worked for it.
It was the idea that mine-owners be
brought In and enthused and be Induced
to require this small degree of co-opera
tion from the men who are wholly de
pendent on the industry.
Heretofore and at present a consider
able proportion of the membership of the
county associations has been made up
volutarily of working miners along with
mine-owners, merchants and citizens gen
erally interested in their chief industry;
but this plan would vastly Increase the
membership and money if generally ac
cepted by mine-owners who have Indus
trial patriotism.
There are nearly 20,000 working miners
in the State; they are helped, by every
thing that helps the Industry from the
chances of employment to the values of
their lots, if they have them, the chances
of getting money for any claims they may
hold, and all the indirect blessings that
flow to a community through general
prosperity. The plan is a good and fair
one.
The matter of stirring up county organ
izations, organizing new counties and re
organizing associations that are dozing,
was a topic. One said tfiat with proper
efforts the biggest organization in the
State could be formed in Tuolumne, and
by the • remarkable gold mining develop
ment which that old county is now en
joying, it is not to be doubted. Mr.
Hammond of Butte reflected the enter
prising mining spirit that has been awak
ened in that county and uisplayed a de
sire to see things stirred up. He reported
a proposition on foot to establish a per
manent county mining bureau and exhibit
in that county, for which he said $1000
could be raised in Oroville, and he was not
disturbed when Charles G. Yale recalled
that Shasta did that and the exhibit soon
petered out. It is to be hoped that Butte
will carry out this plan at this auspicious
time. A county mining bureau, like some
other things, will flourish while there is
Surgeon Weil is convinced that she is
over 70 years of age.
Richard Ervin, a lad of 11 years, is
accused of being responsible for the
woman's condition.
Shortly after 5 o'clock young Ervin
■was driving a light wagon, the prop
erty of Joe Meyer, a poultry dealer,
along Golden Gate avenue. On the
seat with him was a pet dog,
belonging to the poultry dealer.
Ervin's attention was occupied
healthy life in it and may be unlovely
when dead.
Ex-Secretary Sonntag said that at the
recent convention the only counties thor
oughly organized and which paid their
full dues in proportion to membership
were Nevada; Placer, Shasta, Tuolumne,
El Dorado, Santa Clara and San Francis
co. He and other members of the
tee would gladly go to any county to help
organize or stir up associations.
President Neff observed pertinently U.at
in the past the association had been rath
er regarded as the California Hydraulic
Miners' Association and this was why
some mining, counties had not been ready
to take an active part. They now saw
that the association was working in the
interest of the whole industry and now,
thank God, they are willing to come in
and help us out."
The meeting gave an encouraging prom
ise that the association would be greatly
built up this year. Though the needs of
the prostrated hydraulic industry called it
into bflng seven years ago it has broad
ened far beyond those limits, represents
the general welfare of the whole industry,
is the only agency which unites the min
ing interests of the State and if its
growth is sustained it may develop new
features in the future.
That matter of supreme and Immediate
importance, the Paris Exposition, devel
oped much discussion and divergent views
as to the amount of money required, es
timates rangiug from $25,000 to $100,000, the
chairman of the committee on this
matter, B. N. Shoecraft of Nevada, main
taining that it was useless to attempt
a mining exhibit with less than $100,000
There will be much to say and much will
be said as to how much of whatever ap
propriation the Legislature makes should
be allowed for the mining portion of the
California exhibit at Paris, and strong in
fluences will seek to keep the proportion
small. The mining interests will most
probably insist that it be large and ade
quate, and also that the expenditure of
the money be in the hands of practical
mining men, and not in the hands of a
commission prejudiced in favor of other
interests.
The matter was left in the hands of the
committee after a resolution of W T . W.
Montague that one-third of the appro
priation be asked was adopted. On the
next evening the special committee met
in the office of Secretary Benjamin and
decided to ask for $100,000, and that a vig
orous campaign to get it should be in
augurated by having petitions to that
end signed by wholesale throughout the
mining regions and generally through the
State.
The Mountain Copper Company, which
has done so much for quartz mining in
the region of its smelters at Keswick,
causing the working of many new prop
erties, is not getting enough quartz ores
for flux, and Is advertising for more low
grade ores, offering 75 per cent of the
fold value of ores running- over $3 a ton.
t is also buying concentrates and tail
ings. These big copper operations are
thus greatly stimulating gold mining in
that region.
On the Feather River, south of Oro
ville, one of the big new river dredgers
has worked its way 150 yards away from
the river through the aurlferons gravel
and, according to the Orovllle Register'
the roar of the rocks falling from its ele
vator could be heard a long distance."
Another big dredger nearly ready for ope
ration has a half dozen big "staterooms'
for the men.
The Bridgeport Chronicle-T'nion reports
a rich strike in a claim in Little Antelope
Valley, Mono County, in which editor A.
B. Lemmon of Santa Rosa is interested.
The old McCutchan hydraulic mine at
Canada Hill, which is being opened by
Gray & Bullard, will probably be running
by Christmas. At present men are busily
employed in building the dam in Little
Deer Creek, which is over half completed.
—Grass Valley Union.
Numerous sales of mining property are
being recorded at Kedding.
McDonald Bros. & Co.. who have pur
chased the Bloss & McClary placer mine
at Trinity Center are rapidly getting that
property into shape for the season s worK.
They have enlarged the upper ditch, doub
ling its capacity, and have built new
flumes and laid hew pipe. They are now
preparing to put in an electric light P'^nt-
The mine will be thoroughly equipped for
the season's work in about four weeks.—
Trinity Journal.
The California Exploration Company is
extending its electric power line to the
Ford mine, Calaveras County, where the
new mill will be operated by electricity.
The recent rains have started many
stamps to dropping again alon^ the
Mother Lode. , , _, 
The ".liaft in the recently bondofl be. by
mine in El Dorado County U tc bo sunk
to 1000 feet. . .
According to correspondence of tne Min
ing and Scientific Press the Golden Crown
Mining Company, composed of San Jose
men, is developing a fine mine in the Big
Betsy in Mariposa County, which has
been under development for a year. A
14-foot ledge shows good ore to the at
tained depth of 300 feet, with high assay
values. There are plenty of such mines
awaiting development in Mariposa.
The Yreka Journal says that about $200.
000 has been invested In Scott alley this
season for mining property. The Oro Fino
mines of Eastliok Bros, and Wright & Co.
were sold to a San Francisco company for
$57,000; Brokaw & Co. bought mining
ground in Quartz Valley for $35,000: the
Sheba Company bought the Fry & Macau
lay quartz mine on Patterson Creek for
$35,000; the Gray Earle Company recently
bonded a property for $50,000 in Quartz
Valley; a New York Company bought the
Golden Eagle mine at Indian Creek for
$25,000. This is typical of the activity in
mining development throughout that
northern region.
To get ahead of the war stamp tax a
Utah mining company has made the
face values of its shares one cent. In
Montana the Legislature, to repress ex
cessive capitalization, required the pay
ment of 50 cents for each 1000 shares when
articles of incorporation of a new com
pany are filed. That is easy, too. Now a
wildcat company can incorporate for 1000
shares, pay 50 cents, and in a week call a
stockholders' meeting, increase the capi
tal stock to millions of shares, and then'
pay $2 50, which is all that is required for
a mere amendment.
Ihe Anaconda Minin~ Company expend
ed $15,266,611 during its last fiscal year in
the course of its great copper mining op
erations at Butte and at Anaconda, Mont.,
and its receipts were $18,817,951, leaving a
profit of $.",551,346. The operation of its
mines cost $5,745,784, of which $3,376,502 was
paid out for labor. Machinery and repairs
cost $461,612. The timber bill was $429,886.
representing perhaps 5,000,00j feet. Freight
on ore cost $452,i>01; powder cost $147,296,
and the little item of candles represents
$41,761. _______________
ALL CANDIDATES
TO BE PLEDGED
Importance of the Com
ing Dublin Election.
BY J. J. CLANCY.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
DUBLIN, Nov. 26.— As yet the elec
tions under the hew local government
act in Ireland have not, as a general
rule, led to any decided action on the
part of the electors, except in the city
of Dublin. Here a regular campaign
has already been begun. There are
practically as yet only two bodies in
the field— the Labor Electoral Asso
ciation and the Independent, or Par
nelllte, League. The former body was
first in the field and nominated several
candidates on a purely labor ticket. To
most of those candidates, if not to all
of them, no objection might probably
be taken if they had declared them
selves on the great political question
of the hour— namely, whether a Union
ist Lord Mayor should be elected for
Dublin or not. A pledge on this sub
ject not having been extracted from
the candidates of the Labor Electoral
Association, and they themselves not
having given such a pledge except in
one or two instances, the Independent
League has intervened and insisted on
every man comin- forward for a seat |
in the corporation fulfilling the required j
condition. The result in most wards
so far, is that the candidates of the
Independent League have been adopted
by public meetings of the congresses,
and it is probable, if not absolutely
certain, that during the next few
weeks selections of candidates in the
Independent League's interest will be
made for every one of the fifteen wards
in the city. Hitherto these ward
elections have been, as a matter of
fact, merely local affairs, but the ques
tion of the Mayoralty which is now in
volved has for the first time raised the
whole matter into a higher plane, and
the consequence is that all the ward
elections have become the common
concern of the whole city.
The most notable man in the North of
Ireland has died within the last week.
I mean the Rev. Dr. Kane of Belfast.
Dr. Kane was the successor of an
equally famous man, the Rev. Dr.
Hanna, or "Roaring Hanna," as he
used to be called, and was for many
years the leader of the Orange Democ
racy in Ulster. As such he constantly
appeared on Orange platforms as the
mouthpiece of the most extreme Orange
views, and as such habitually made
use of arguments and language most
hurtful to Catholics and Nationalists.
During the whole Home Rule campaign
especially, he was prominent in threat
ening physical and armed opposition to
the establishment of an Irish Parlia
ment and an Irish Government. The
published reports of his speeches gave
the impression that he was a rough,
uncultivated and uncouth fanatic.
Fanatic, no doubt, he was — that is to
say, he held the most extreme views,
but held them sincerely.
"The difference between Dr. Kane
and most of the other Orange leaders
in Ulster," said a friend of mine -to
me the other day, "is that when Dr.
Kane said 'to hell with the Pope' he
meant it, whereas the others did not
or did not care whether the Pope went
there or not." But. though Dr. Kane
was an anti-Catholic fanatic in religion,
he cannot have been at bottom an
anti-Irish Irishman, and herein lies the
difference between him and the rest of
the Orange leaders of Ulster. For
example, he was a strong supporter of
the movement for the redress of the
financial grievance of Ireland, and in
that respect stood almost alone among
the Orange leaders in Belfast, who
seem to take a delight in being over
taxed by England, and who would ap
parently rather be overtaxed by an
English Parliament than be fairly
taxed by an Irish one. In his capacity
of financial reformer he- made, as far
as I can recollect, but one appearance
on an Irish national platform. It was
twelve months ago at a great meet
ing in the Mansion House Dublin,
composed of persons of political parties.
When it was announced that he was to
be among the speakers great curiosity
was excited, and hundreds went to see
and hear him who had never thought
of seeing or hearing him before. I
was present on the occasion myself and
I well recollect the pleasant disappoint
ment his manner and his speech occa
sioned. Instead of the rough, uncouth
and bigoted Orange fanatic there was
presented to the gaze of an audience
mainly Nationalist a polished speaker
of gentlemanly demeanor and instinct,
with Irish feeling, at least, on the par
ticular Bubject under discussion. His
speech took his audience captive and
he sat down amidst rounds and rounds
L of cheers.
DR. PIERCES REMEDIES
THE HEWJVDMANr
The Secret of Strength
and Bsauty.
The athletic woman is everywhere in
evidence. You can see her on the
wheel, swimring a golf club, rowing,
riding, running, her every movement so
graceful that you instinctively pause to
look at her. The day of tight-laced,
wasp-waisted women 'is over and gone.
The age has given us a new woman who
thinks more of her lungs than she does
of her waist, and who is proud of her
muscle. But have you noticed that
these girl goddesses are almost without
exception unmarried? As soon as a
woman marries she begins to lose the
swinging stride, the easy carriage, the
steady hand, the quick eye. Her back
hurts and she can't row, or swing a golf
club. She is nervous and the old sports
and recreations are impossible to her.
The reason for this condition is obvious.
Few women are prepared for marriage
either, intellectually or physicalfy
They have no intelligent understanding
of their own physiology, and no appre-
ciation of the radical, physical changes
which marriage inaugurates. The re-
sult is that debilitating drains are set
up and allowed to continue unchecked.
The delicate female organs become
ulcerated and inflamed, and prob-
ably there is female weakness, or
displacement of internal organs, with
bearing-down pains. The consequence
a
is nervousness, physical languor, weak
back, headache, and a score of other
ills. Even then it probably doesn't
dawn on the afflicted woman's mind
that the pain in her head, in her back
or at her heart is in any way connected
with the diseased conditions of the
delicate womanly organs. Yet that is
the exact condition of affairs. Thou-
sands of women have proven this, who
have used Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
scription to cure debilitating catarrhal
drains, and an ulcerated and inflamed
condition of the internal organs, and
have found to their glad surprise that
when the local health of the womanly
organs was established, strength came
back to the whole body.
REMOVE THE CAUSE.
It's of no use to treat the head or the
back or the heart. The center of the
diseased condition lies in those delicate
womanly organs, and through them the
whole body becomes sympathetically af-
fected. But, one practical example is
worth a volume of theory. Here is the
actual experience of one woman:
"After a silence of a few months I
again write you in regard to my health,
which has been very much improved by
the use of Dr. Pierces Golden Medical
Discovery, 'Favorite Prescription,' and
'Pleasant Pellets,' " writes Mrs. Mollie
E. Carpenter of Linaria, Cumberland
County, Term. "I have used thirty bot-
tles of 'Favorite Prescription' and
'Golden Medical Discovery' and many
vials of the 'Pellets.' When I first
wrote to Dr. Pierce concerning my
health I was so weak I could only write
a few words until I would have to rest.
I was so weak I could hardly walk.
Words cannot express my sufferings.
Dimness of sight, palpitation, shortness
of breath, black spots or else shining
lights before my eyes, terrible head-
ache, numbness in my arms and hands
and tongue, also my Jaws would get
numb; constipation, falling of the
womb, leucorrhea, soreness through my
bowels; in fact, I was diseased from
head to foot. Now I can do my own
washing and cooking. I can take a
ten-quart pail in one hand and a six-
quart pail in the other (full of water)
and carry both one-fourth of a mile
and never stop to rest. lam as heavy
as I was at 19 years (125 pounds). I
also had dimness of sight and impaired
memory. I had spells that when 1
would try to speak I couldn't think of
the words I wanted to say, but would
say something else. I have improved,
oh, so much, and Dr. Pierces medicines
have done the good work. It has been
about a year since I commenced the
use of the medicines. My health has
been improving slowly, but surely. We
cannot expect a disease that has been
coming on for years to be cured in a
few days. If any lady suffering as I
have been will write to Dr. Pierce and
get his advice and use his medicines
according to directions, a cure will
surely result."
"DISEASED FROM HEAD TO FOOT."
That experience is worth thinking
over. Look at the gravity of the case.
"I was diseased from head to foot."
Contrast the former weakness when
she wrote her first letter to Dr. Pierce,
and "could only write a few words un-
til I would have to rest," with the pres-
ent strength, which enables her to
"take a ten-quart pail in one hand
and a six-quart pail in the other, both
full of water, and carry them a quarter
of a mile without stopping to rest."
That's only the case of one woman in
thousands who have been similarly
cured by "Favorite Prescription." But
it's an extraordinary case. It proves
that the most hopeless conditions yield
to the persistent use of "Favorite
Prescription." In ordinary cases the
cure is much quicker, and a much
smaller quantity of medicine is needed
to effect it.
That woman bleßses the day when
she wrote her first letter to Dr. Pierce.
This free consultation by correspond-
ence, which Dr. Pierce offers, is a privi-
lege women eagerly avail themselves of
when they once understand that there
is really no charge, and that every let-
I DR. PIERCES REMEDIES
ter is read in private, answered in pri-
vate, and the answer mailed in a per-
fectly plain envelope wnthout any ad-
vertising upon it.
Many women let these diseases fasten
on them because their modesty shrinks
from the questionings, indelicate ex-
aminations and local treatments their
friends have had to submit to. The*
offensive features are entirely done
away with in Dr. Pierces method of
treatment. Write a plain letter. You
are not writing to a woman for sym-
pathy, but to a man for help. And" it's
In the very law of our beings that man
should feel
A HELPFUL SYMPATHY
for woman, such as is rarely extended
by one woman to another. It's singular
but it is true, that women in general
make light of the suffering of other
members of their own sex. and are apt
to be critical and cynical over their
pains. And perhaps for that reason
women prefer to confide in a physician,
who hke Dr. Pierce, can give the pra&l
tical sympathy of help. In a prartir*
of over thirty years as chief consulting
physician for the Invalids' Hotel and
Surgical Institute at Buffalo N V Dr
Pierce has treated more than half a
minion women, and cured perfectly and
permanently ninety-eight out of every
hundred. This vast experience, which
covered every form and variation of
feminine disease, puts Dr. Pierce at the
bead of specialists in the treatment of
diseases of women.
Don't you want to get back that ath-
letic girlhood again? Write to Dr.
Pierce and take the first step to health
Remember there is no charge for this
consultation by letter, and that every
letter is held as strictly private and saW
credly confidential. This offer will beayi
I thorough investigation. Investigation
is something that cannot be borne by
those offers of free advice which come
from people who have no medical
knowledge, and are not qualified to
practice. Such offers are deliberately
misleading. There is no claim made to
giving a physician's advice, they keep
inside the law, yet the wording is de-
signed to create the impression that if
you write you will receive the advice
of a physician. The most insidious of
these offers of advice are artfuliji*
framed to appeal to woman's sympa-»
thy. Some man plays the part of
"THE BEARDED LADY"
And invites "women to write to women
and get a woman's sympathy, etc."
•Even if these letters are genuinely an-
swered by a woman and sympathy is
expressed, this is not what invalid
women want; they want medical ad-
vice. No woman can give this who is
not a trained physician, and so far as
known there is no qualified woman
physician associated with any proprie-
tary medicine. It is certain that there
Is no one connected with any institution
who has, like Dr. Pierce, a record? of
success extending over thirty years,
and covering the treatment of more
than half a million women.
There is no alcohol, whisky, or other
intoxicant in "Favorite Prescription,"
neither does it contain opium or any
other narcotic drug. It does not create
a craving for stimulants and narcotics.
Of no other medicine especially de-
signed for women can this be truthfully
said. Here and there is found a dealer
who seeks to make a little extra profit
at a customer's expense by trying to
sell one of these "just as good" substi-
tutes when "Favorite Prescription" is 1
called for. That's hardly fair for you. 1
When you buy a "just as good" baking M
powder which of course pay the deal- 9
ers a bigger profit, you get something w
for yourself, a spoon or a pitcher or
something as a premium. But in this
case the dealer gets all the extra profit a
and you get a bottle of medicine that 4
you didn't ask for, and don't know any-
thing about, except one thing which,
you may know for certain, that it
won't cure as does "Favorite Prescrip-
tion." It isn't the right remedy and it
hasn't the right record. Don't let the
dealer do it. Go for Dr. Pierces and
get Dr. Pierces.
DICTIONARY OF HEALTH.
You don't want to use a dictionary
very often, but when you do want it
nothing will take its place. That fact
is equally true of Dr. Pierces diction-
ary of health— "The People's Common
Sense Medical Adviser." You may not
want to consult it every day, but when
you do, it is the one book for your need.
In its 1008 pages can be found the an-
swer to almost any question relating to
human health and physical well being.
This great book is given away. It will
be sent free to any one on receipt of
stamps to pay the cost of mailing only.
Send twenty-one 1-cent stamps for the
edition in paper or thirty-one stamps
for the same book in cloth. Address,
Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
>rf?sfcJ*3H. '^ Wong Him, Noa.
.wSnHKm 115 and 117 Mason street,
Hp?^i| San Francisco, Cal.—
«si?" J Is. to certify that I hay»
SynrtS " been for several years
mf "1 i) a■■ great sufferer from
5-/4KO ? Bright' Disease o£ the
igKfS^* / Kidneys, a tumor in the
«jfiHf*~ A ■ ; left sic ! c and other di9-
>ranr"ii«a* 3S^v eases incidental to fe-
/>VfJaSra>J _^<flfiyW maleB; that I have for
i|HH|BS|E^B*^ weeks and months at a
'^HSSsidSWfcJW time been totally unable
to attend to my domestic affairs, and much of
the time confined to the bed. Nothing could .
be done for me that afforded more than tempo- v
rary relief. About three months ago I was axi-^
vised to place myself under your treatment.
On my first interview,-. alter feeling my pulse,
you described my condition more accurately
than I could have : done ■ myself. After using
your medicine and following your advice since
that time I am very happy to say. I have en-
tirely recovered my health; am fully able to
fulfill all my duties as the mother of a large
family of children; Indeed, for the past" 15 or 29
years I have not enjoyed as robust health.
MRS. HETTIE E. LOWE.
3871 24th street, San Francisco. Cal.
October 18, IS3B. --<: ■
B Tfc © The petfullu
*fl fl ft - UrJd *ssz^z
•>*JP ft* II 8 Vj? . $%jL%jf tept v.goroua
THE HOME REMEDY. wSfn/f" 1 - 1 w
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS N °lt n ?h' e y' ssos h o
wrong. Fcr all theie paina, irrefulariti** and difficulties no
remedy on earth SanO-Dia E»cily_appUed by ladyher-
equa's famou»3«lilU-K«l «cl(. Relieves nil pain
jfflnß& in A/omb or Ovaries In 10 minute*.
Bfi3jE?"aH| Promptly relieves Headache, Nausea, Blood and
Eladder Troubles, Faintnn%l7ervotunesa, Fear
HP"S« »n<l Despondency. «'nre« L'ueorrhOEa, Womb
KB Coraplnints, or Ovaries In 10 minutes. -
Promptly relieves Headache, Nausea. Blood and
and Despondency. Cure* L'-umrrha'a, Womb
Complaints, Di»plaeement*, I'.ir.kache, Bearing
K^ l^ " own P*' ns aud all Temalo Disorders. >HJS»
JTzT * • Bantoho* Soreness and Vlcerottona. I HfV\
M i*S&*asW th " « pints ami Vitalize* A* J
■».\l*ESgp*- ' the whole franc.'. fait', Sure and xiuily
Absolutely Harmleaa. One 50 c-.nt box will N **^
complete a cure in ordinary cues,
STOPS li I PAIN BOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
IN Ifl |ffiiiffi"3"^ m^ iw ~l~ ll * pl
Sold by Owl Dng Co.. 8. F.. and Oakland.
PChlcheatcr'* English Diamond Brand. ■
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-^j>v Original and Only Genuine. A
£~l( TrwV ?* re> **"W ■ reUabl*. :. ukoics ask /&\
£v/ I _ir'i«Sl Drujsi't for CHickttitr t JTnyluA D.a-i&\\
W^ygS^'&tynond Brand In Ked and Gold metallic Vwfc^
TgV SpßjM boxer »taled irith Mi* ribbon. Take Vy
|T| *^ yyjwo Other. Refute dangerous tubstitu- v
I / ~ fw tioiu and imiiationt. At Drngelsci, or M<id4o.
I*• mjt lo stitapi for particular!, testimonials an<^
\V* . B Keller for Ladle*," in Utter, by rrtanw
-Ar__ lT s MalL - 10.000 Tetttoonlali. **■»« />„,>«■. '
_ /■■"■"/ Cht«»»ie«ter Chemical Co., M art l»oß ftqaar^
WM by nU Local Ura«iif. ... . ; PH f »■ '. » A^ fJT
AIIHIBI and Morphine hhbits
U I I HH cured at home. Writs
S iIT *$ lIVII IV I full particuiars and i
UI I Will book free
INDIAN OPIUM CURE," B. D. MMIS, ,f
201 Turk St., San Francisco. " m*MALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
BRANDES SEES
EVIDENCE OF
HIS GUILT
Tale of Murder Told
by the Camera.
PHOTOGRAPHS OF LILLIAN
GHASTLY EVIDENCE SHOWN TO
THE COURT.
The Prisoner's Matrimonial Problem,
No Matter How Solved, Is
Like a Two-Eaged
Sword.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 10.
"W. A. Brandes was given a surprise in
court this morning, when the prosecution
produced a number of photographs of Lil
lian Brandes taken at the Berkeley
Morgue, and showing all the cuts and
bruises on her body. These photographs
are ghastly evidence of the condition of
Lillian Brandos at the time of her death.
The pictures were introduced by Prose
cuting Attorney Allen, and consisted of
eight views, each Bhowlng distinctly some
evidence of brutality on some part of the
girl's body. The defendant's attorneys
objected to their introduction, but their
objection was overruled.
Edwin R. Jackson, a photographer and
chemist, told of the manner in which the
photographs had been taken. He said: "I
am a photographer, and was employed
by Judge --ilen to make some pictures of
Lillian Brando*. 1 vas given no instruc
tions as to how I was to make th« pic
tures or how many I should make. I took
eight negatives- of the body in different
positions. I have developed them myself
and am sure they are correct and that no
changes have been made in them."
1 he witness then produced the pictures
and they were offered in evidence They
showed bruises and marks very' clearly
each limb having been photographed sep-
Attorney Bennett cross-examined Jack
son at great length as to his ability to
make photographs and as to his being an
expert on photography and color. The
attorney was very particular in examin
1:.- the witness regarding the detection of
the color of an original by looking at a
photograph. He wanted to know which
of the bruises were red, black or blue and
how i a photograph could show BUch dis
tinctions. Jackson related at some length
the different processes oy which photo
graphs are taken, both for ordinary pur
lin 6 , 13 and for scientific purposes. He also
oln ed *° W y comparing the different
shades of a photograph it would be pos-
Uvefy original color, compara
son anfll^a nf ll^ Bennett cross-examined Jack
son at great length as to his ability to
and he satisfied the court that he had
Ca a Hfo^ ot o^ a hs . for pay for several
California and Eastern magazines, and
Proved by a large falio of his own work
cy hh d ee vv P cl O°S0 °Si raphlC ability . IS artisti
cally developed.
u£T tz :a showed plainly that he did not i
like the look of the pictures Tnev
whWh t0 mind very clcal V a sight wi <"
which he was only too famfllar. He took
one look at hem and pushed them back
toward his attorney, but not again did he
express any curiosity regarding the tell
tale evidence. After the admission of the
photographs, the examination was contin
ued till Monday.
Brandes had hinted that he has nothing
to fear from his second wife turning
States evidence. He says that he was
divorced in Mexico from his first wife, and
that he is not bigamist and neither can his
second wife, even should she desire to
testify against him.
This predicament, however, is not very
comforting to the prisoner for if it bo
proven that he was divorced from his first
wife, then she will be at liberty to tell
under oath the damaging testimony
against him, which she was prevented
from doing a few days ago on the ground
that she is still the prisoner's wife.
Superior Court Changes.
OAKLAND, Dec. 10.— Two of the Su
perior Judges will exchange departments
on January 2, lS9y. These ar.' Judge Bam
i:< 1 I. Hall and Judge John E. Ellsworth
The rules require that the Probate Court
be pres: !<■(! over for but one year by tne
same Judge. While Judg- Ellsworth has
held forth in that department, Judge Hall
has often acted as substitute in the pro
bate chamber, but after the new year the
latter will sit on that bench for the next
year. Judges Ogden and Greene will re
main In their respective departments. At
the same time George Pierce will be made
clerk of the probate department, while
Ray BaJter will be clerk in Judge Ogden's
court. Court Clerks Sinclair and Mock
will retain their respective positions.
Captain Carson's Funeral.
OAKLAND, Dec. 10.— The funeral of the
late Captain of Police Frank B. Carson
will take place to-morrow afternoon at
2:30 o'clock from A. O. O. \V. Hall on
Broadway, between Thirteenth and Four
teenth streets. The services will be con
ducted under the auspices of Keystone
Lodge. Chief Fletcher has ordered the en
tire department of over fifty offio rs to
turn out in uniform. Captaip A. Wilson
and S. H. Mitchell will represent the force
among the pallbearers. Rev. J. K. Mc-
Lean will conduct the religious service.
After the services the remains will be
taken to Odd Fellows' cemetery. San
Francisco, for cremation. The Police
<v.urt adjourned out of respect for the
dead this morning.
Minister Breaks His Collarbone.
OAKLAND, Dec. 10.— Rev. V. Marshall
Law, rector of the Church of the Advent,
has met with another mishap since his
return from the Sanitarium at St. Helena,
where he went a few weeks ago to be
treated for a nervous affection. A few
days ago his heel was caught while he
was descending the stairs and in trying
to hold his balance his shoulder struck
against a post and his collar-bone was
broken.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Is Dr. Humphreys' Prescription
?or Grip, Influenza and Stubborn
COLDS
♦'Seventy -seven" contains
several carefully selected reme-
dies, each Specific for a par-
ticular symptom :
One for La Grippe,
One for Coughs,
One for Influenza,
One for Catarrh,
One for Sore Throat.
This combination of cures in
one prescription will "break
up" any kind of a Cold.
At druggists or sont prepaid: price 250. and
RK . large pocket flask. 11. Dr. Humphreys'
Manual at dnißgistK or Bent fr>'f>.
Humphreys' ilcd. Co., cor. William & John
*t«.. New York. l!e sure to get
H-U-M-P-H-R-E-Y-S
CAN DIVIDE
BUT MUST
WORK HARD
How Oakland Can Be
a Separate County.
*
GENERAL LAWS NECESSARY
_
MUST FIRST . DIVIDE, . THEN
COME TOGETHER.
Legal Committee Reports on the
Lengthy Process by Which the
Desired End Can Be
Obtained.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
903 Broadway, Dec. 10.
There Is no legal objection to the con
solidation of the city and county govern
ment and the separation of Oakland un
der such government from the rest of th«
county, but there is a lot of work neces
sary to bring it about. The matter has
been placed before the Alameda delega
tion of Assemblymen and Senators and
they have been asked to push the neces
sary bill through the next Legislature.
Nearly all the legislators have expressed
the opinion that the matter is one that
needs looking into, and that they are not
satisfied that such, a move is desired by
a majority of the people of this city.
Senator Stratton told the merchants
that outside oC a resolution passed by the
Board of Trade and Merchants 1 Exchange
and one individual whom he met on the
ferry boat he had never heard any ref
erence to the matter of dividing the coun
ty. He suggested that a mass-meeting be
called at which citizens from all sections
should be present and give their views.
Only by such means, he said, could legis
lators know how to act intelligently.
The matter was submitted to a legal
committee, consisting of Attorneys John
R. Glascock and Ca.ry Howard, and they
have presented a report in which they say
that under certain conditions such a con
solidation as is desired may be locally
effected. In addition to much other rele
vant matter the report says:
Under our constitution, article XXX, section
3. it will be necessary to establish the line of the
new county at least five miles distant from the
present county seat of Alameda County, and
the result of such division must not leave the
old county with less than SOOO inhabitants; the
new county must have at least 5000 Inhabitants.
It will, therefore, be necessary for you to de
termine or establish the line at which you
propose to divide Alameda County, and to fix
that line at least five miles east of the present
boundary line of the city of Oakland, and to
ascertain If there will then remain In the old
county 8000 Inhabitants.
The report says there must be a gen
eral law passed which must provide for
every possible contingency.
This is but half the difficulty.
"If after you have succeeded in divid
ing the county," says the report, "it shall
be desired to merge and consolidate into
one municipal government the city and
county governments of the new county.
It will be necessary to frame and procure
the passage of another general law pro
viding for the merging and consolidation
of such governments in conformity with
article XI, section 7, of the constitution,
which provides that city and county gov
ernments may be merged and consoli
dated into one municipal government
with one set of officers, and may be in
corporated under the general laws provid
ing for the incorporation and organiza
tion of corporations for municipal pur
poses."
In regard to a new charter the commit
tee reports:
There is no reason why. after the new city
and county shall have been organized, It may
not adopt a charter providing for its govern
ment which can be offered to some succeeding
Legislature and be matle the controlling law of
the consolidated municipality.
There is. perhaps, another plan which might
be adopted, and which you con also consi'W,
to accomplish this same end, after the <-ounty
phall have been divided and a portion set off
with the City of Oakland.
The contiguous municipal corporations there
in may. under the general law now in force, be
consolidated into one municipality, leaving:,
however, the county government still in force.
In the new county, which is provided for by
the previous act for county division, all out
lyinc territory not within one of the municipal
corporations may be annexed to the municipal
corporation to which it lies contiguous, under
the general laws provided at present for the
annexation of territory.
Under the law providing for the consolida
tion of contiguous municipalities, each of the
municipalities nought to bo, consolidated must
cast a majority vote in favor of consolidation
or it will fail to carry. In the case of annexa
tion there must be the statutory two-thirds
vote In favor thereof in the whole territory
sought to be annexed and in the municipality to
which It is sought to annex it.
Having by these means made the boundaries
of the county and the city co-extensive, under
a -general law to be drafted for the purpose,
provision may be made for the consolidation
of the city and county grox-emments Into one
municipal government, as heretofore outlined.
This would seem to give a complete scheme
for accomplishing your purpose: the practical
question of the accomplishment of it is one
that you are better able to Judge of than we,
though we Fhall be glad to give you any Infor
mation we have or the benefit of our Judgment,
if you so desire.
It would undoubtedly be better to have the
lower end of Alameda County apply for a divis
ion, for the reason that the constitution pro
vides, as hereinbefore'stated, that In a county
division the new county so formed must con
tain a population of not less than 5000, while
the county from which said new county shall
be carved shall contain a population of not
less than 8000.
This will make a difference of 3000 In popula
tion In favor of the Initiation of proceedings
by the lower end of the county, and If it be
a matter of doubt as to the population of the
lower end of the county, this 3000 difference
may become an important factor In the solu
tion of the problem.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Dec. 10.— Vijoda Condedo,
the ngc-d Italian who attempted to slash
young: "Wlldermuth with a knife at West
Oakland, has been examined by the Lun
acy Commissioners and was, late this
afternoon, committed to the Stockton
Asylum by Judge Ogden
A party of distinguished Wisconsin peo
ple visited Oakland to-day. They had
come to witness the launching: of the bat
tleship named after their State recently.
Among the party were, Captain Frederick
Pabst, the millionaire Milwaukee brewer
and wife, Miss Reynolds of Lake Geneva,
Mr. and Mrs. R. p. Arnold of Marinette,
H. J. Fisk of Green Bay, director of the
Chicago. Milwaukee & St. Paul Railroad,
and K. P. Hackett of Milwaukee.
Lyon Corps No. 6. Ladies of the Grand
Army, h;ts elected the following officers
for the ensuing term: President. Mary A.
Woodward: senior vice president, Mary
Wells; junior vice president. Ida Bank
head; treasurer. Emma B. Wells; chap
lain. Carrie E. King; conductor, Kate
Ringhold; guard, Nellie Egelston: dele
pates to State Convention, Amanda
Smith. Mary E. Coleman: alternates, Vir
ginia Romillard, Louise M. Richardson.
William H. Tyson. G. E. Chittenden and
11. A. Mayhew to-day filed an in%-entory
and appraisement in the estate of the
late Simeon Stivers, showing a total valu
ation of $.5."?,025. comprising mostly lands
in Washington township, Alameda Coun
ty.
Superior Judg^ Greene to-day granted a
divorce to Florence Bergner from James
C. Bergner on the ground of extreme
cruelty. Plaintiff is allowed to resume her
maiden name, that of Florence Howard.
His Home Was Wrecked.
OAKLAND, Dec. 10.— Attorneys Nus
baumer & Reed to-day filed a $1500 damage
suit on behalf of Rasmus Langan against
the AVestern Fuse and Explosive Works.
The defendant had taken a wife just
prior to the Melrose explosion and had
settled down in a neat little cottaee
when their homo was wrecked, wherefore
plaintiff sues. This, too, will be a test case.
In the suit brought by the San Francisco
Theological Seminary against defendant
negligence is alleged as the basis of the
artion; while Langan alleges the mainte
nance of a nuisanc i.
THE SA:sr FKAIsrCISCO CALL, STTJSTPAY, DECEMBER 11, 1898.
ALLEN IS
GENEROUS TO
A LOST WIFE
Makes a Will on His
Deathbed.
LEAVES HER FIVE DOLLARS
MRS. ALLEN DISAPPEARED
THIRTEEN YEARS AGO.
Will Is Offered for Probate Two Days
After Its Maker Died—Un
known Heirs Remem
bered.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 9.
If Mrs. Harvey E. Allen, who forsook
her husband thirteen years ago. returns
to OaKland she can collect a legacy of $5,
which her husband on his deathbed be
queathed to her.
Harvey E. Allen died in Berkeley De
cember 8, and on his deathbed he wrote
his will. He was an old man. and thirteen
years ago his wife, with whom he had
lived many years, and whose family had
grown to manhood, left him, and from
that time he has heard nothing regarding
her.
In his will he orders that all his debts
must be paid, and bequeaths to his two
sons. William Allen and Edward Allen,
the balance of his estate, both personal
and real. The old man in his dying hours
referred to the romance of his life as
follows:
"It is now thirteen years since I lost my
wife. I have not heard of her or seen her
since she disappeared. I have every rea
son for believing that she Is now dead.
If living, I leave to her the
sum of $5, if she should appear
while or before my estate be fully
probated. Should any one appear and
prove that he or she is a child of mine
other than the sons above mentioned, I
give and bequeath to them the sum of
$5 and no more. I know of and have
never acknowledged any others as my
children other than the two sons auove
mentioned."
The estate consists of a house and lot
in Berkeley and five acres of land In
Contra C osta County.
Allen died on Thursday, was buried yes
terday, and his will was offered for pro
bate this morning.
ANOTHER SURPRISE I
ANNIE M'CANN'S SUIT
DR. LILLIENCRANZ DID NCi'
REMEMBER MUCH.
Claims He Did JJot Tell Her That Her
Injuries Would Take Five
Years to Heal.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Dec. 10.
The trial of the case of Miss Annie Mc-
Cann against the Piedmont and Mountain
View Railway for the recovery of $50,u00
damages claimed to have been sustained
by the fair plaintiff while she was a pas
senger on one of defendant's cars is re
plete with sensational testimony and sur
prises.
The sensational charges made by witness
W. C. Shipley yesterday that Dr. O. L.
Jones had said he expected to make a
$5000 fee out of the damage suit for his
testimony was to-day followed by an
other surprise, which consisted for the
most part of Dr. Lilliencranz's loss of
memory as to facts and circumstances
existing when he treated Miss McCann
for her injuries sustained at the time of
the accident.
Dr. I-illiencranz explained at length the
various injuries to the spinal columns of
patients who have been treated by him
and those who have come under his per
sonal observation; but as to what inju
ries Miss McCann was suffering from
when he was called to treat her he
wholly failed to remember. In fact, wit
ness said he could not recollect what
medicines he had prescribed in her case,
and he had never Kept any record of the
matter.
"Did you not tell the plaintiff that her
injuries were of a serious nature?" asked
Attorney R. M. Fitzgerald for Mise Me
'"No, I did not. 1 ' replied the doctor.
"Did you not tell her,' further inquired
Attorney Fitzgerald, "that she would
probably not "rmanently recover for at
feast five years?"
•"No 1 did not. again responded tno
witness, and the. plaintiff , who was seated
behind her attorneys, bowed her head as
if considerably put out over the doctor s
testimony, which did not help her case in
the least, for she had expected more fa
vorable words from her erstwhile medi
cal adviser. Further hearing of the case
was continued until next Tuesday.
Unitarian Bazaar a Success.
BERKELEY, Dec. 10.— The Christmas
bazaur held in the Sunday school rooms
of the Unitarian church closed this even
ing, after a successful run of two days.
Visitors were present on both days from
Oakland and Alameda. Entertainments
were provided for the two evenings. Fri
day night a series of tableaux was given
under the direction of Mrs. William Carey
Jones. This evening one of John Kendrick
Bangs' plays, entitled "The Fatal Mes
sage," was well presented under the di
rection of Miss Irish.
Two Casualties of the Windstorm.
BERKELEY, Dec. 10.— The heavy wind
storm which swept the bay region yester
day caused two serious accidents in West
Berkeley. Louis Rosano of Ninth street,
near Addison. while working at the Spof
ford Chemical Works, was struck by a
heavy cap from one of the ventilators on
the building. The piece of iron was blown
off by the wind and fell on Rosano's
shoulder, throwing him instantly to the
ground. He sustained injuries to the ex
tent of two broken ribs. Gearhardt Man
dering, while turning the corner at Shat
tuck avenue and Addison street, was
taken off his feet by the force of the wind
and thrown face downward upon a pile
of lumber. His face was severely gashed.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. Dec. 10.— Harvey E. Al
len died yesterday at the residence of Vic
tor Belflls, on Tenth street, near Dela
ware. Deceased was 78 years of age and
a native of Vermont. The funeral will
take place from' the residence to-morrow
at 1 o'clock.
The City, University and Ferry Street
Railroad Company will begin Monday to
run an omnibus line between Berkeley
station and Virginia street on the Scenic
Park tract. Trips will be made ho as to
connect with all the local trains between
7 and 10 a. m. and 5 and 7 p.m. The route
will lie through the university grounds to
Euclid avenue, up Euclid avenue to Vir
ginia street and return.
The pupils in the Allston Way School
are soon to start a school paper. L. C.
Hawley and James Brehm have been
elected to the editorial staff, and 1 Sam
Humes to- the office of- business manager.
Vacant Houses Pillaged.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 10.— Petty thieves
have been doing so much damage re
moving lead pipe from vacant houses in
this city that several banking institu
tions of San Francisco having large prop
erty interests here have appealed to the
Board of City Trustees for protection.
Although the police have been on the
alert for the thieves three new unoccu
pied houses belonging to D. Straub were
pillaged last night and over JIOO worth of
lead pipe and hardware was carried
away.
COLLIE SHOW
ATTRACTS A
VAST THRONG
Marked Success of
the Exhibition,
JUDGING PROVES ACCEPTABLE
NO OBJECTION RAISED TO THE
ALLOTMENT OF PRIZES.
Dogs That Carried Off the Blue, Red
and White Ribbons as Tokens
of Their Grace of
Form.
OAKLAND, Dec. 10.— The first specialty
show of dogs was brought to a success
ful termination to-night. It was, in one
respect at least, the most remarkable
show ever held in California and. pos
sibly in America. Not a single "kick"
was registered by any one of the exhib
itors. This alone Is sufficient to stamp
it as unique as an exhibition of its kind.
The score card was an unqualified suc
cess. Whether it could be applied to a
larger show is more than doubtful, but
the results justify its application in the
present instance. The best dog won in
every case under the system, and the av
erage time of Judging was five minutes
per dog.
The system is based on the following:
One hundred points are the maximum
number allowed, and for each defect so
many points are deducted aa the judge
deems warranted by the gravity of the
defect. The points are distributed as fol
lows: Skull, 5; muzzle, 5; stop, 2; eyes, 4;
ears, 6; expression, 2; neck, 3; shoulders,
4; chest, 4; forelegs, 5; ribs, 4; loin, 5;
length of body, 3; hips, 3; hlndlegs, 5;
tail. 3; feet. 5; undercoat, 8; outercoat
texture. 8; quantity, 7; size, 5; condition,
4. In case of a tie the prize goes to the
heavier dog.
The attendance was phenomenal, loco
motion at times being difficult on ac
count of the crowd. It was evident that
the dogs were more popular than the
poultry, and, indeed, the narrowness of
the passage between the coops, tended
somewhat to discourage the visitors. On
the other hand, the space between the
kennels was large and the doggy part
of the show was well managed In every
respect.
It Is. however, to be hoped that at fu
ture shows the practice of ring officials
leading dogs before the judges will not
be repeated.
Mr. Stewart of Aromas fulfilled his
arduous duties of ring steward and sec
retary with his cu&tomary courtesy and
efficiency.
The orchestra discoursed sweet music
during the evening and was listened to
with enjoyment by many of the Athe
nian 400.
The final results of the Judging follow:
Collies (tricolor, black and tan, black and
white): Open, doss— Stev. art & Son's Daouil
Dhu won, score 85V1; W. B. Frue'a DJalnia
second, score K3\; W. B. Frue's Mascot third,
score 78V Oj>en. bltch»»-W. B. Prue's Phruso
won.
Collies (other than tricolor, black and tan,
black and white): Novice, dogs— O. J. Albee's
Alto Clifton Jr. won, score SS; Stewart & Son's
Dauull Roy second, score S2>4 ; Claire M. <'ha
bot's Donald VI third, score 79*; Dr. H. C.
Brown's Clifton S, reserve; J. C. Berrefs Bon
nie Duke, very highly commended; John Fair
ley's Duke, very highly commended; Matt
Coffey's Canny Sr-ot, very highly commended;
W. Letts Oliver's Don Juan, commended.
Novice, bitches— W. B. Frue'3 Princess Ozra
won; Jlancho Bonlto Kennels' Crapston Moss
Hcsf second; J. C. Berret's Bonnie Bess third.
Open, dogs— O. J. Albee's Ormsklrk Emerald
Jr. won, score S8; Stewart & Son's Davle Lad
second, score 55% ; O. J. Albee's Alto Clifton
third, score 83; O. J. Albee's Major Weltun,
reserve; Stewart & Son's Donald Roy, very
highly commended. Open, bitches— O. J. Al
bee's Queen's Bounty won, score 834; Stewart
& Son'a Iris second, score 83; Stewart & Son's
Happy Thought third, score 81%; Delia Beach's
Loufra. reserve; Stewart & Son? Cragstnn
Moss Rose, very highly commended; J. B.
Eliot's Delia Fox. very highly commended.
Special prizes— For best collie In show, cane
of dog soap. O. J. Albee's Ormsklrk Emerald
Jr.; for best collie owned in Alameda County,
pair of 189!* hatch homers, Claire M. Chabot's
Donald VI; for best collie in novice class, a
setting of huff Fekin bantam eggs. O. J. Al
he«'s Alto Clifton Jr.; for best collie owned In
San Francisco, one year's subscription to Field
Sports, Fred Balzer's Sampson Ormonde; for
be«t collie bitch owned In San Francisco, one
year's subscription to Fanciers' Monthly, J.
B. Eliot's Delia Fox; for best collie owned by
a member of the California Collie Club, one
box of 25 cigars, O. J. Albee's Ormsklrk Emer
ald Jr.; for best collection of collies by one
exhibitor or kennel, a trophy, Stewart & Son's
Rancho Bonlto Kennels.
KAMMER'S FRIENDS
BELIEVE HE IS ALIVE
LEFT EVIDENCES OF SUICIDE
TO FOOL HIS WIFE.
Domestic Relations Had Been Un
happy for Many Years, and He
Threatened to Drop Out
of Sight.
AIiAMEDA, Dec. 10.— Nothing has yet
been heard of the missing Louis Kammer,
who was supposed to have committed sui
cide last Tuesday by jumping from the
Bay Farm Island bridge. The theory that
his hat, purse and watch were left on the
bridge as a ruse and that as a matter of
fact the man is still alive is borne out by
the statement of J. B. Smith, a well
known citizen of this city, who has been
intimately acquainted with Kammer for
a numb'T of years, and was cognizant of
his domestic difficulties.
Smith stated to a Call reporter to-day
that Kammer and his wife had not lived
happily, to his knowledge, for over five
years. "Some time ago," said Mr. Smith,
"after Kammer and his wife had engaged
In a family row, he told me he was tored
of the treatment ho had been receiving
and that he would fool his wife some
day by dropping out of sight, leaving evi
dence to create the impression that he
had committed suicide.. I believe he has
carried out his intention, and I do not for
a moment entertain the notion that the
man is dead."
Friends of the missing man, including
Mr. Smith, state that his family troubles
dated from the time Frederick Sutten be
came a member of the Kammer house
hold. It is stated that Sutten usurped
the management of affairs and that Kam
mer was forced to "play second fiddle."
Stories are told by the neighbors of Sut
ten and Mrs. Kammer inviting their
friends to the island home and locking
Kammer In the barn while they indulged
in a celebration.
The Kammer home is several miles from
the heart of the city. It was a matter
of comment that Mrs. Kammer always
drove Sutten to town in the only convey
ance owned by the family while Kam
mer was compelled to walk.
George Manley, proprietor of the Hotel
Encinal, and also a close friend of Kam
mer, says positively the missing man is
not dead- It is believed that he knows
whoreof he speaks, but he cannot be
coaxed into giving his reasons.
Romance of Camp Barrett.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 10.— A romance of
Camp Barrett culminated last evening In
the wedding of Sergeant Verdinal Green,
late of Company G, and Mrs. Ada How
lett of Oakland. The ceremony was per
formed by City Recorder A. F. St. Sure
at the home of the groom'a father, Cap
tain Alonzo Green, Encinal avenue. The
bride is a sister of the late Kate Castle
ton, the comic opera star. The couple
met while Company G was stationed at
Camp Barrett. Mrs. Howlett took an
interest In the soldier boys and was a
frequent visitor to the camp. Bhe met
Sergeant Green while he was doing guard
duty. It was a case of love at first sight.
W hen the company was transferred to
Vancouver barracks the soldier boy and
Mrs. Howlett kept up a constant corre
spondence, which resulted in Sergeant
Green applying for his discharge. When
he was retired from the service he hast
ened to Alatneda and two days after his
arrival here he celebrated his wedding to
Mrs. Howlett.
Sunday School Anniversary. .
ALAMEDA, Dec. 10.— The anniversary
services of the Sunday-school of the
Congregational church will be held to
morrow evening. Elaborate prepara
tions have been made for the event. In
the morning Rev. Dr. Hanson of the M.
E. Church, South, will exchange pulpits
with Rev. W. W. Scudder Jr., pastor of
the Congregational church. The Sunday
school exercises will consist of brief re
ports on the work of the year and other
interesting discourses. The topic for dis
cussion will be "The Modern Sunday
school." The following papers treating
of the subject will be read: "Its Origin
and Growth," Mrs. J. H. Young; "Its
Defeats and Excellencies," Professor J.
H. Flrehammer; "Its Possible Improve
ment." Rev. W. W. Scudder; "Its Spirit
ual Power," Hon. J. N. Young.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 10.— The following of
ficers of Oak Grove Lodge No. 215. F. A.
HJ., were elected at a meeting held last
evening: E. E. Johnson, worthy master;
C. H. Wever, senior warden; P. S. Tel
ler, Junior warden; J. B. Vosburgh, treas
urer: Oswald Luhbock, secretary.
The dramatic section of the Verein
Germania will give an Interesting enter
tainment Sunday evening at Germania
Hall, in which the following will take
part: Amandus Roebke, Henrlette Warn
ke, Frieda Kaehler, Amanda Roebke,
Lottie Schwerin, Frieda Shanly Albert
Kaehler, Theodor Saline, Max Harwin
ski Jr., Dora Reschcrt, Ludwig Warnke,
Ad Schubert. Edward Horwinski, L. W.
Schroeder, William Rice, Josie Schwerin,
Elsa Roebke.
The Encinal Literary Society met this
evening at the residence of W. W. Brad
ford, 1901 Pacific avenue.
HIS DOWNWARD COURSE
UNHINGED HIS REASON
SAD PLIGHT OF NICKADEMUS,
AN ABISTOCBAT.
Was Formerly an Eminent Insurance
Authority and Married a South
ern General's Daughter.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 10.
C. V. Nickademus, who was found un
conscious in his room at the Keystone
House last Wednesday night, and who
after regaining consciousness lost all
memory of the use of words, is still being
looked after at the- Receiving Hospital,
and as yet Drs. Stratton and Horn have
been unable to arrive at any further con
clußion than that his case is an obscure
one.
Nickademus has a bit of interesting
history connected with his career, and his
misfortune is the result of years of over
work. He is by no means the ordinary
bookmaker at the Keystone, for some
years- ago he tilled the responsible position
of cashier in the Chicago office of the
Phoenix Insurance Company of Brooklyn.
N. Y. He had over seventy-five clerks to
handle, and hie salary reached $lu,ooo a
year. In those days he was considered
an eminent authority on fire insurance
one of the best in this country.
He is a well-educated man, coming from
an aristocratic stock, and was at one time
very prominent in society circles at
Washington, D. C, where he married the
daughter of a Southern general. He was
subsequently divorced, and later spent
about a year in the insane asylum at
Kankakee, 111. On his release from this
institution his former employers nt-nt him
to this coast, defraying all his expenses;
but his mind again showed signs of failing
and he is at present reduced to poverty.
He has been in this city about six years,
and has managed to eke out an existence
by keeping books for his board and lodg
ing. At one time he was employed by
Benjamin Wright as clerk at the Galindo
Hotel.
Friends of Nickademus say they believe
he has been fully aware of the downward
course of his career, his reduction from a
man of means and thrift and social stand
ing to absolute destitution and social non
entity, and that this sad realization has
finally stricken him dumb.
A PATRIOTIC RECEPTION
Mayor Phelan Wants California to
Honor Its Brave Soldier Poys.
Since the War Department has decided
to replace the volunteer troops at Manila
with regulars, and since the volunteers
are to be sent home in the order in which
they left, the question of giving a fitting
reception to the First California Regiment
is already being agitated. This regiment
was the lirst to leave, and in consequence
Will be one of the first that will be sent
home. Mayor Phelan Is enthusiastic over
the idea of giving the First California
boys a reception that will go down in the
history of the State as an occasion of un
equaled rejoicing. He has as yet no defi
nite plans, but he talks of pleasing gen
eralities that stir the blood and quicken
the pulse. He proposes to appoint a com
mittee that will take the matter in charge
and "turn the State inside out and bot
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
The State Medioal Institute * Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE. , ;.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
Buffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. - It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual wcaknr • resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak tack, varlco-
cele. or emaciation of parts can now cur»
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it Is needed
It cures all ■ the Ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has beer, an absolute suc-
cess in an cases.- A request to the State
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building. Fort Wayne Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
Is desirous of reaching that great clas.
of men who are unable to leave home to
be "treated and, the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it is to be
cured ■of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The In-
etitute makes ■no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a < free sample,
carefully sealed' In a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers ars
requested to write without delay. - •
; ;, ' _ — — _ — —— : ; ~
aoftoiuiK>.
As a table water.is unsurpassed. —
London Hospital Gazette. .'■'.
..... ..-.,.. ' • .-■ i. ■ •■■ ' ' >-■••'
RADWAIS'SKEADY RELIEF' has. stood
unrivaled before the public for 50 years as a.
Pain Remedy. --It instantly relieves and quickly
cures . all Colds. Sore I Throats, Influenza, Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia, , Rheumatism. ; Neuralgia,
Headache, Toothache and all pains. Internally,
for Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All druggists.
tom up," If that be necessary, to show
those boys of the First how proud Cali
fornia is of them.-
The mustering out of the Utah Battery
of Light Artillery will cause some
changes in -the -Eighth California Regi
ment. < Four companies are at present
rather crowded in the barracks at Benicia,
and two of them will be brought to Angel
Island to replace the Utah Battery. It
has not beeti "decided which two compa
nies will be ordered there, but the recom
mendation of Colonel Henshaw in the mat
ter will no doubt be favorably acted on
by General Merriam.
The New York regiment will be trans
ported to New York as a whole. The
other two detachments are due here this
week on the Scandia and Alameda, bo that
the regiment in 'its entirety will in all
probability leave next week. Private Gro
gan. Company L of the New York regi
ment, is dangerously ill at the division
field hospital with typhoid pneumonia.
The War Departmenthas ordered that a
permanent 1200-men camp he made of the
site where the regiment is now encamped,
so that it can be used at any time by any
regiment.
The construction of the new general
hospital will be begun in the near future.
It is to be built on the northeastern ex
tremity of the light artillery drill ground.
Already $70,000 has been appropriated for
its construction, and it will take as much
again to entirely complete it.
MISSION CHAPTER
INSTALLS OFFICERS
CEREMONY OF THE EASTERN
STAR IN PUBLIC.
The Obligations Taken Before an Im
mense Throng in Mission Ma
sonic Temple Last
Night.
There were not less than five hundred
persons in the beautiful temple of Mission
Lodge of Free and Accepted Masons, on
Mission street, near Twenty-second, last
night, to witness the public installation of
the officers of Mission Chapter of the Or
der of the Eastern Star. The hall is so
beautiful that it needed no elaborate dec
orations to make it attractive, and the
only aid to beauty was the American flag
draped over the station of the worthy
matron and a garland of smilax at each
station.
The installing- officer was Mrs. jlaria
A. Pierce, the worthy grand matron of
California, who was assisted by Mrs. Liz
zie Christiansen as grand 'marshal and
Past Most Worthy Grand Matron Mrs.
Mary E. Partridge as grand chaplain.
The ceremony of installation, always
grand and impressive, was conducted by
Mrs. Pierce in a. manner that won for her
many words of commendation, so per
fect was it. It was without book, and the
delivery of the charges to the officers
was given in a clear voice that could be
heard distinctly in every part of the large
lodgeroom, and was without the slightest
hesitancy.
The officers who have assumed the di
rection of the chapttV for the year are:
Mrs. Ellen Wilson, W. M.: Andrew Chris
tianson, W. P.; Alice Hickey, A. M. ;
Mary G. Foster, 8.; Sarah M. Flack, T.;
Hattie McPhun, C; Sarah Cox, A. C;
Alexander Cox, chaplain; Maybell Ply
meir, M.; Hattie Christianson, organist;
Sadie Allen, Adah; Annie Simpson, Ruth;
Jessie Lyon, Esther; Annie Herring,
Martha, and Katie Zolmer, Electa; Til
lie Ordley, W., and J. Parmelee, S. The
music that is part of the ceremonial work
was rendered by J. R. Ogelsby, first ten
or; F. Dellepianc-, second tenor; L. A.
Larsen. first baps, and Walter Campbell,
second bans, with Mr. Dellepiane at the
organ. The selections were; "Hail, Sis
ter, Hail," "Lies Rameaux," "Invoca
tion" (Mozart), "Hail to Thee-, _JMatron,"
"From East to West." "Forget ivle Not,"
"God Bless Our Star," "The Lord's
Prayer," "Who Treads the Path of Duty"
and "I Am King Over Land and Sea."
At the conclusion of ceremonies there
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
AND TUMOR HOSPITAL cured,
THE MOST WONDERFUL DISCOVERY OF THIS AGE.
Thousands cured already in California. No cutting out. The cancer is killed
and drops out in about seven day 3 without any pain. The place heals quickly.
Reader Remember — Any lump in a woman's breast is cancer, and if allowed to
get large never fails to poison the glands in the arm-pit. When the cancer in the
arm-pit gets large, a cure is impossible.
The face and lower lip are also very common places for cancer, especially with
men. They poison quickly from the lip to deep glands of the throat.
80 PACE BOOK sent free with addresses and testimonials of hundreds
cured. Get the book and write to them. Trust your life with none but a
graduated cancer specialist with proof of his success.
S. K. UnAmLtY, M. U. San Francisco, Cal.
J^PLEASE SEND THIS TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER-®*
AUCTION SALES.
ON ACCOUNT of EXPIRATION of LEASE,
iuoosE salel
A CHANGE SELDOM OFFERED.
:/ EVERYTHING MUST GO.
OPPORTUNITY FOR DEALERS.
WEDNESDAY, Dec. 14, 1898,
At }0:3O a. m. ;
At Warehouse, corner 15th and Valencia Sts.,
— — -We will sell
38 new Buggies; 4 Hacks; 12 Wagons and Carts;
60 Second-hand I Top and Open Buggies | and
Traps; 6 Surries; Coupe; Pneumatic Bike Sul-
key; 20 Milk, Grocery. Express and Business
Wagons, i ' ■• ■ ' ■
HARNESS!
60' Sets New Trap. Surrey, Buggy and Wagon
Harness; Second-hand Harness; Saddles; Robes;
Safe and Fixtures. '.- • . :
. KILLIP & CO., Auctioneers,
_ . . .11 Montgomery street.
J ■ Art Crockery - and Ornaments.
TO-MORROW (MONDAY), at 'll a. m..
18 AND 20 UTTER STREET, UPSTAIRS.
FRANK W.'BUTTERFIELD, 602 Market st. :
.^ OCEAST : TRAVEL.
.'■-.-■■ . ■ ' .•
COOK'S TOURS
—TO—
HAWAII
January 25, February 8, 22, March 5 and 22.
FARES $150 and $235.
All expenses Included; first-class throughout
Programmes free of THOS. COOK & SON . "
'621 MARKET ST., San Francisco.
. _ _
JOSPKSSifP!iiT^7.& S - s - AUSTRALIA
113 for Honolulu
H^-^MK? m Wednesday. December
«IMJO«CI,;^. The S - AUSTRALIA
■ ■1111 lL salla for Honolulu
ufc*" ■■■•Wednesday, December
Qf —^ 14. at 2 &. m.
<?*S^~l'.~\ The S - S - ALAMEDA
SlMfH^nnj sails via Honolulu and
%tej&& GHKjilUllir' Tt Auckland for Sydney
■^9P^ (OolD3fZtl* %VedneK ' lay ' December
«s*»> :. *w" l r' llw l-2S f at io p. m.
- Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE :
-TOWN. South -Africa. - . •
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. .Agents. '
"~ '■ ' ' ■ .'• ■ ' "'" ■■:'■. 114 Montgomery st. '
Freight office— Market st., San Francisco.
were short addresses by Mrs. Pierce, Mrs.
Partridge, Past Grand Matron Mrs. Alary
A. Flint and George L. Darling, asso
ciate grand patron. A handsome jewel
of the rank of past matron was pre
sented in an appropriate speech to Vir
ginia Fisher, the retiring matron, after
which Mrs. Freeman, grand Kuth, was
presented a beautiful bunch of flowers,
and then the secretary of the chapter,
Mrs. Mary G. Foster, presented James
A. Wilson, the retiring patron, with a.
gold matchbox embellished with emblems
of the Masonic order and the five pointed
emblem of the Eastern Star aa a token
of appreciation from the chapter.
After congratulations there was pre
sented a short programme of music, sonss
and recitations, and then followed danc
ing in the main hall and in the banquet
There were present among the raan /
prominent members of the order in ad
dition to those already named: Mrs. Ana
D. Hewes. matron of Oakleaf Chapter;
Mrp. Annie Johnson, matron of Harmony-
Chapter; Mrs. Kate S. Willats, grand
secretary; Mrs. Ada R. Duncan, matron
of Golden Gate Chapter; Mrs. Q. W. H.
Patterson, pasi grand Esther; Mrs. a. li.
Millberry. past matron of Harmony (_ nap
ter- Mrs. Jes.nl* a. Graves, past matron
of ivy Chapter, and Mrs. Lydia A. Steele,
matron-elect of Ivy Chapter.
BUNKO MEN IN JAIL.
They Rob an Unsuspecting Victim in
a Card Game.
Detectives Kgan and Gibson yesterday
arrested seven bunko men. who are ac
cused of robbing A, D. Rambaud. a recent
arrival from the interior, of $125 in cash
and two checks, one for $123 and the other
for $150. Their names are John Hill,
Henry Walton, Charles Crawford, alias
Rounds; T. B. Johnson, W. J. Hastings,
alias the "Painter Kid"; James Gillespio
and J. Lewis. 
One of the gang met Rambaud in front
of Lotta's fountain, and after engaging
him in conversation invited him to tna
headquarters of the gang at :US Kearny
street A game of cards was proposed,
and in a short time the stranger found
himself broke.
Hoping to recoup his losses he went to
the hotel where he was stopping ana
wrote out two checks. He then returned
to the headquarters of the gang, and
ing the checks on the card table caned
for a hand.
The first one dealt him contained four
kings. Thinking he had the "top" hand
he throw both checks in the "pot. His
opponent held four aces, and after round
ly cursing his luck Rambuud left the
i place after promising to return "with,
more stuff."
While walking along Kearny street he
met a friend, who, after listening to his
story, informed him that he had bean
robbed. Rambaud immediately boarded a
street car and went to police headquar
ters, where he told his experience with,
the gang to the officer in charge. When
arrested the bunko men were in the act
of fleecing another stranger. It is paid
that Walter Martin, who was shot by his
wife a few days ago. is a member of the
gang. Last night they tried to communi
cate with him, but the police refused to
allow it.
GAMMAGE COULDN'T PAY.
Attachment Issued Against Him on
Two Promissory Notes Aggre
gating $1150.
The rather unusual spectacle of nnf nf
the so-called "Law and Collection Agen
cies" being put to sleep with a dose of its
own paregoric was presented in the Sher
iff's office yesterday, when an attachment
for $1150 was levied against Jules C. Gam
mage, manager of the Harding Law and
Collection Agency on Montgomery street.
Judah Boas, a local warrant broker, ap
pears as plaintiff.
Boas' suit is based on two promissory
notes signed by Gammage and Mrs. Mar
garet M. G. Harding, one under date of
September 30, 1897, for $900; the other dated
October B, IV'". for $268. Interest is men
tioned at two per cent per month, 'me
property under attachment is a piece of
realty at the corner of Jackson and Tay
lor streets, owned by Mrs. Harding.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
N>. ' Steamers leave Broadway
HBfci^^ wharf. San Francisco:
1 c^v29l^ For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.»
■■Prwllfe Dec 2. 7. 12 17. 22. 27, Jan 1.
! Dkl^S^En change at Seattle.
i tiwi IAI For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
BnC«fHU c.), Port Townsend, Seattle.
r^^EsfcSSul Tacoma. Everett, Anacorte*
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a m., Dec. 2, 7, 12, 17, 2J.
♦7 Tan 1 and every fifth day thereafter.
change at "Seattle to this company's steamers
MiLki, and G. N. By at rfacoma to N. P.
R For a Eurtka° U (Humboldt Bay).' 2 p. m. Dec.
6 lof 15 20. 25. «0. J an - *• every fl " h da3r
thereafter. Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon,
cfyuco! Port Harford (San Luis ObUpo).
otlTota," Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme
San Pedro East Ean Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newnort, 9 a. m.. Dec. 3. 7, 11, 15. 19, 23, -7. 31.
Jan 4 and every fourth day thereafter. _
r (la a n n ?uts% h P W n |an^f KfS
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Dec. 15. Jan.
12 •
For further information obtain folder.
' The company reserves the right to Chang*
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
air* hfiirs of pallfnsr.
riOKIT OFFICE -4 New Montgomery
Btreet (Palace Hotel). - .
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
: . 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE SI 2 First Class Including Berths
I Ant $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails..... ...Dec. 14, M
STATE OF CAL. sails 4 ... v .......Dec. 9, 19, 21
. Short line, to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. 
B. C. WARD, General Agent,
.... .' «30 Market street.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO.,
. . Superintendents.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantics,
"- (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS . -m^-.^
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday
at ' 10 a, m. from Pier 42, North
River, foot of Morton street.
LA CHAMPAGNE Dec. 17
LA BRETAGNE ..Dec. 24
LA NORMANDIE Dec. 31
LA GASCOGNE..... Jan. 7
LA CHAMPAGNE .......Jaa; 14
First-class to Havre. *90 and upward. 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre $15 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. '
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and 5at.......
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Friday 5..... ...........'.....1 P-' m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays. .' 10:30 a. m. ,and 3 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission' Dock. Pier 2.
- Telephone Main 1508. :
1516
PROBLEM OF NATIONAL MOMENT
INVOLVED IN THE BOTKIN CASE
State Supreme Court Receives Har=
per's Petition for a Writ of
Prohibition. j
The Issues Now Raised in the Great Case Discussed by
Attorney General Fitzgerald and Judge
Carroll Cook.
The effort made by TV. L. Harper to
secure from the Supreme Court of this
State a decision that will determine
whether or not Mrs. Cordelia Botkin
can be tried in California for the crime
of which she has been accused. has ex
cited general public interest. The ques
tions that have been raised by Harper's
petition to the State appellate court
are of more than local or State inter
est. They possess a national impor
tance.
In brief Harper has asked the Su
preme Court of this State to decide
whether or not a person can, under cer
tain conditions, commit any crime and
be free from punishment under the
laws of the United States. In the mo
mentous questions raised by Harper
the personality of Mrs. Botkin plays
no part. The fate of the woman and
even the horrifying crime of which she
is accused are matters of comparatively
small concern.
If the woman, under the laws of this I
State and of the United States, is to
escape an actual trial the people, not j
only of California, but of the nation, j
are vitally interested to know the fact.
If it is possible for an assassin to oper
ate under cover of State and national
laws Harper and the public-spirited j
citizens who are supporting him wish
to know the situation, in order that
they may, through legislative action,
seek a remedy.
This purpose is, in brief, the mean-
Ing of Harper's petition to the Supreme
Court. There is, as a matter of course,
another incidental interest in the ac
tion. The alleged trial of Mrs. Botkin
will cost the people of this State many
thousands of dollars. It is certainly a
matter of unwise civic policy to expend
this money uselessly, and Harper, sup
ported by I. J. Truman, Treasurer
elect; Asa R. Wells, Auditor-elect, and
many members of the Merchants' As
sociation, seeks to have the Supreme
Court of the State decide whether or
not Mrs. Botkin is being prosecuted un
der a legal indictment.
While this point is not as important
as that which questions the adequacy
of American laws to punish any one
for a grievous offense it is still of great
moment. Both these questions have
called fo-rth ,a general expression of
public interest and concern.
Harper's petition did not receive a
hearing yesterday, for the simple rea-
BOn that a quorum of the Supreme
Court was not present to consider it.
The application for a writ of prohibi
tion was duly presented to the appel
late court, and was read by Justices
Beatty, Van Fleet and Harrison. Con
sideration of the matter was necessarily
postponed, as the full court was not in
attendance.
"The trial of Mrs. Botkin before Su
perior Judge Cook and a jury will
therefore proceed to-morrow morning.
It is likely to be suspended, however,
at any time during the day. As al
ready indicated, the problems raised by
Harpers petition have called forth the
serious discussion, not only of lawyers,
but of laymen. This discussion, which
may result in the modification of State
and Federal laws, is of exceptional in
terest. The first contention that was
made yesterday was that since the in
dictment against Mrs. Botkin accused
her of having committed murder in this
city, the courts of this county neces
sarily have jurisdiction. The petition
of Harper meets this contention with
the assertion that no true indictment
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AWFUL SKIN HUMOR
CURED BY
CUTICURA
A MOTHER'S SWORN STATEMENT
Mr little daughter May's head and face
broke out in one solid mass of bleeding sores,
and one of her ears was so affected, that the
doctor thought that it would slough off. Her
suffering was intense, getting no rest at all,
unless under the influence of opiates. The
physician tried every known remedy, but in-
stead of getting better, they seemed to get
worse all the time. Distracted with her con-
dition, I was advised to try Ccticura Reme-
dies. I administered Cuticora' Resolvent
inwardly, I bathed her with Cuticura. Soap
and used Cuticura (ointment) freely. Jstfore
the first week I noticed that the. little fufcrer
teas beginning to get relief. In less than tico
months my little darling was entirely cured
and well, she got as fat as a little pig. and no
marks whatever are to be seen from the effects
Mrs.JAS. MELTON, 5 HaydenBt.,Atlanta/;a.
Oct. 20, lbO7. Witness, J. G. Aherx.
Qiokoia. Fpltox CorirTT.
In penon appeared before me, Edror IT. Orr. a Justice
ot the Peace in and for the M«t> District, O M.. State and
county iforetaid, J O. ARIRK. who. being •luly iworn,
depoaeth and aaith. that the abort testimonial la, tohia
best knowledge and belief, true in erery detail.
J. O. AHKRN.
Sworn to and subscribed before me, this Oct. jutli. IW
Eooak li. Out.
Sold throughout the world. Pottib Dbuo ahb Cbem.
Com*., Pole Props.. Boston.
•T " Bow to Cure Skin-Tortured Babies," free.
has been found, the allegation being
made that nothing has been advanced
I to show that Mrs. Botkin actually com
mitted a crime in this city or State.
This position is met by perhaps the
I most important assertion of those who
j are concerned in trying Mrs. Botkin
for murder. The laws of this State pro
vide that a person may be tried here for
an offense part of which was committed
in California. This is the entire basis
Of the assumption that Mrs. Botkin's
trial is real. The point, however, in the
opinion of prominent lawyers and busi
ness men should be judicially deter
! mined.
Attorney General Fitzgerald of this
State believes that Mrs. Botkin is legal
ly on trial, yet he also believes that the
issues raised by her trial should, in the
interests of public justice, be deter
mined without delay. Judge Cook, the
defendant in Harper's petition, con
siders that he has a right to proceed.
Attorneys are divded in opinion, but all
concede that the question is one of the
greatest moment to the State and to
the nation.
Louis P. Boardman, who has insti
tuted the proceedings before the Su
preme Court on behalf of Harper, out
lined yesterday what he believed to be
every issue raised by his client's peti
tion. Mr. Boardman said:
"The questions that are presented
to the Supreme Court in the petition
I filed this afternoon were discussed by
me with several prominent citizens,
and the matter of the advisability and
aparent necessity of raising the ques
tion of jurisdiction of the Superior
Court was well considered before any
action was taken.
"I have not been over-zealous in the
matter. I was prompted, I may say,
to a certain extent in what I have done,
by the manifest exigencies of the case
as expressed by these gentlemen. I did
not file the petition for the purpose of
gaining notoriety — I care nothing for
that. I am solely interested in the im
portant principles that are Involved in
the determination of the questions that
arise in this case.
"It has come to my knowledge that
certain assertions have been made that
there has been collusion between my
self, the persons I represent and the at
torneys for Mrs. Cordelia Botkin.
"I suppose this has been prompted by
the indifferent manner in which Mrs.
Botkin's attorneys have conducted her
defense, which has led the public to be
lieve that there is some 'star' play to
be made somewhere in the trial of the
case that will demonstrate the ridicu
lous position of the Superior Court and
the authorities in their endeavors to
convict Mrs. Botkin of a murder said
to have been committed in this State.
There Is absolutely no foundation for
any statement that there has been any
collusion or association between my
self and the attorneys for the prisoner.
"I can state positively that they pos
sessed no knowledge either by sug
gestion or insinuation that any such
proceeding had been contemnlated. The
proceeding that was commenced yester
day has been made public and every
element in its character is shown by
the paper itself."
"A friend of mine this afternoon ap
proached me in slight consternation,
saying that he had heard that con
tempt proceedings might be instituted
in the Superior Court to punish me for
a manifest attempt to trifle or meddle
unwarrantably with its exclusive juris
diction. I cannot believe that these
statements are anything but idle ru
mors. The question of being in con
tempt of the Superior Court for filing
in the Supreme Court a document to
contest legally the jurisdiction of a
lower court is simply preposterous.
"The questions that are presented in
this application for a writ of prohibi
tion may be stated to be as follows:
"The first question that is presented
for consideration is the right of a citi
zen and taxpayer to question the juris
diction of a court in a public criminal
prosecution where the people at large
are plaintiffs and which will involve
the expenditure of a large sum of pub
lic money. The proceeding by prohibi
tion is as old as the common law, and
the weight of judicial opinion is that
where there is a semipus question of
jurisdiction the question of jurisdiction
may be raised even by a stranger to
the litigation sought to be restrained.
"The next question presented is as to
the remedy of prohibition being a
proper one. It has been held by the
Supreme Court of this State that pro
hibition is the proper remed" to arrest
the trial of a criminal action, where
the indictment for any reason does not
sustain the jurisdiction.
"With these preliminary propositions
disposed of, we come then to the main
proposition involved herein, and that
is, the question of thf> place of the legal
and actual commission of the alleged
crime of murder and the place of ju
risdiction- for trial. The question of
whether or not the State of Delaware
or the State of California has jurisdic
tion to try this case has never yet been
considered or determined.
"The extradition proceeding which
was taken and decided in the Superior
Court previous ■■- the filing of this in
dictment determined only one legal pro
position and that was; that the au
thorities of both States having con
ceded that the crime was committed in
the State of Delaware, and the accused
person having been in the State of Cali
fornia at the time of the commission of
the alleged murder; whether this condi
tion of conceded facts was sufficient
under the constitution and laws of the
United States to sustain the interstate
rendition of the accused person as a
fugitive from justice.
"The one point decided by Judge
Carroll Cook and his fellow-Judges sit
ting in bank was that the strict and
inflexible provisions of the constitution
and laws of the United States could not
be construed to include such a case
In this decision the Superior Court fol
lowed the decisions of the Supreme
Court pf the United States.
"The ultimate relief sought by this
proceeding of prohibition is to deter
mine the actual jurisdiction of the Su
perior Court to try this case. The juris
diction of trial is either in the State of
California or in the State of Delaware
This point and question ha,« not been
decided or determined by any court.
THE SAX FRAIN CISCO CAUL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1898.
This proceeding simply seeks to have
that matter settled and determined.
"In the points and authorities filed
with the petition I have shown legal
authority for the position sought to be
maintained. It is plain to my mind
there is ample authority in the books
of text and judicial decision to sustain
the intervention of the Supreme Court
to determine at once this most impor
tant question.
"There is no reason why any one
moved by his sense of public interest
should be censured in any quarter for
undertaking a proceeding which has for
its object the subserving of the public
good."
Judge Carroll Cook, who is trying: the
case of Mrs. Botkin on the murder
charge, when seen last night at his
home, was disinclined to talk about the
petition made to stop the trial, as the
matter had not yet come to him offi
cially, and would not until the Supreme
Court had passed upon it. From his
remarks, however, it was gathered that
he has no doubt of the jurisdiction of
the Superior Court in the case, and that
the higher court would so rule.
"The question of the jurisdiction of
the State courts," said Judge Cook,
"was practically settled at the time
when Mrs. Botkin was before me on a
writ of habeas corpus during the extra
dition proceedings. It will be remeoi
bered that Assistant District Attorney
Hosmer went to Los Angeles while the
Supreme Court was sitting in bank. He
went before that body and set forth
every question which could be raised
as to the jurisdiction of the courts here.
He applied for a writ of habeas cor
pus also, but did not claim that the
courts had no jurisdiction. He simply
stated the facts of the case, that Gov
ernor Budd had issued a warrant for
Mrs. Botkin, who was held by the au
thorities on the charge of murder. He
set forth in full the circumstances that
part of the deed was committed here
and part in Delaware. The declara
tion of the facts would have deter
mined jurisdiction in advance of any
trial. At 2 o'clock that afternoon the
Supreme Court denied the writ. This
was an admission that the Superior
Court has jurisdictioa
"I am inclined to think that the peti
tion to stop the trial will not be granted
by the Supreme Court. That body
would not issue a writ of prohibition in
any case unless application was first
made to the court which the applicant
seeks to prohibit. The question of juris
diction has not been raised on the in
dictment, and I do not see why it was
brought up at this stage of the proceed
ings unless delay is the prime object.
"Section 27 of the Penal Code pro
vides expressly for the case in point
and reads: 'The following persons are
liable to punishment under the laws of
this State: All persons who commit in
whole or in part any crime within this
State.'
"The petition will not stop proceed
ings at all, and the case will go on until
such a time as the Supreme Court is
sues a writ of prohibition, if it does so
at all.
"As far as punishing the authors of
the petition or rebuking them in any
way, I do not think that I will follow
such a course. The whole matter will
be settled by the Supreme Court, \which
■will decide the question of jurisdic
tion."
Charles Heggerty, one of the attor
neys for Mrs. Botkin, discussed the ap
plication for a writ of prohibition at
some length.
"I feel morally certain," he said,
"that the Supreme Court will inform
Attorney Boardman that there is
nothing in the application whatever. I
consider it a direct interference with
the trial. It is a reflection on the trial
Judge, the District Attorney, the Chief
of Police and the attorneys for the de
fendant, and practically charges that
they are by collusion taking part in a
murder trial which is practically a
farce. I believe it is trifling with the
court 3.
"The charge, expressed or implied,
that the attorneys for the defense are
in league with the applicants for the
writ is preposterous. Nobody connect
ed with the defense would ever be a
party to such a proceeding. It is sin
gular that the application was not
made before Chief Lees spent the $3800
to bring the witnesses all the way from
Delaware. The defense could not raise
the question of jurisdiction unless evi
dence is put in to show that the women
were never murdered in San Francisco
but that the deed was committed in
Delaware.
"If this application to stop the trial
be granted by the Supreme Court, it
will amount to a practical acquittal for
Mrs. Botkin. You may be sure that had
we, her attorneys, thought for a mo
ment that there was anything in such
a petition we would have made it long
ago. Section 27 covers the point, and
there is no possible ground to object to
the trial of the case unless, as I say,
the evidence shows conclusively that
the crime was committed in Delaware
and not in San Francisco, as the in
dictment states. To say that we were
allowing the trial to proceed with the
intention at the last moment of ques
tioning the jurisdiction of the court
would be unfair to our client, whom we
have promised to serve to the best of
our ability. It must be remembered
that she is kept confined in jail, and
the ethics of our profession would re
quire us to raise the point if there
were anything in it at the very com
mencement of the proceedings, but
this we positively cannot do. We are
perfectly satisfied that the Superior
Court has jurisdiction."
Attorney General Fitzgerald has fol
lowed the case closely, but has not
given it sufficient thought to be pre
pared to make a statement. He con
sented, however, to give a purely in
formal interview, but says it might be
somewhat different should he make a
careful study of the laws in the prem
ises. His opinions are as follows:
"The Superior Court refused to issue
the papers which would give Detective
McVey the privilege of taking Mrs.
Botkin back to Delaware and one of
the Judges who sat in the council which
made this decision has consented to try
the case. So far as I can see the Su
perior Court of this State has a- right
to try this case after the indictment
by the Grand Jury.
"The law provides that a person may
be tried in this State for a crime any
part of which is committed in this
State. According to the evidence sub
mitted two persons died in Delaware
from poison, bought in this State, con
cealed in a package -■>* candies in this
State and mailed from this city. This
is the case presented. So far no one
has attempted to disprove this much
of it and a layman can readily see that
a portion of thp alleged crime was
committed in this State and the Su
perior Court accordingly has jurisdic
tion to try the case.
"Of course later developments may
put everything in a different aspect, but
so far there is apparently- nothing
which will prevent the Superior Court
of this State from trying and passing
judgment on the case.
"As far as the Federal laws are con
cerned, I will state positively that they
offer no remedy, should the defense
prove that this case is beyond the juris
diction of the State courts. It is evi
dently something which has been for
gotten and each State has been left
practically to make its own laws for
the punishment of criminals. Of
course, should murder he committed in
the District of Columbia or on any of
the United States reservations, such as
the Presidio here, for instance, the case
would b« tried in the Federal courts.
"As the laws are now, however,
should I be standing just across the
State line and should a man in the op
posite State shoot and kill me, there is
a possibility that he would escape
punishment, even if the crime were wit
nessed by a dozen persons. On the
other hand, our law of 'any part of the
crime' might cover it, but the United
States laws offer absolutely no rem
edy."
CAN HE DO ITP
Attempt to Dive Into a Net From ai
Altitude of 300 Feet.
The principal attraction at Glen Park,
Mission Zoo to-day wfll be the dash,
ing, daring and thrilling feat of Pro
fessor Willis in a dive from an altitude
of 300 feet into a net. The highest dive
of a similar character ever accom
plished is for a distance of 150 feet,
which is held by Professor Belden.
An exceptionally fine vaudeville per
formance in the free amphitheater will
be given, the principal number of
which will be the feats of strength by
the Morris Brothers. The Schaidelles
will give a performance of stilt tumb
ling. Barney Reynolds has been en
gaged for a comedy sketch and Baby
Troy will give female impersonations.
There will be a balloon race at Glen
Park, a week from to-day between Con
lon, the well-known aeronaut, and
Burns, the Australian.
FELL FORTY FEET.
T. W. Anderson Plunged Down an
Elevator Shaft, but Still Lives.
T. W. Anderson, residing at 314% Clem
entina street and employed as a laborer
in the Gibraltar Warehouse, corner of
Sansome and Filbert streets, . fell forty
feet down an elevator shaft at the ware
house last evening and sustained severe
internal injuries, which were treated at
the Harbor Hospital by Drs. Fitzgibbon
and Scannel.
There are three elevators in the build
ing, and Anderson went to the third floor
on one of them late in the evening. It
was dark, and after attending to the er
rand which took him to the third floor
ho lost his way and plunged down one of
the open shafts. He was picked up from
the bottom of the shaft in an unconscious
condition and removed to the hospital.
His escape from instant death is con
sidered miraculous. Despite the internal
injuries, the doctors in attendance think
the man will recover.
NOT ENOUGH MONEY.
Pacific Paving Company Seeks a Re
lease From the Post-Street
Contract.
The shortage of funds to the credit of
the Street Department has led the Pacific
Paving Company to petition the Board fff
Supervisors for a release from its contract
to pave Post street, between Leavenworth
and Hyde.. The original resolution to pave
the street was vetoed by Mayor Phelan
upon its passage, but at a subsequent
meeting of the board the veto was over
ruled.
The paving company in its petition
states that when the contract was award
ed a bond of $2000 for fulfillment was de
manded and contends that on this account
the contract is void, as the Vrooman act,
under which it was let, gives no power to
the board to exact such guarantee.
Seek a New Trial.
Judge O. P. Evans appeared as coun
sel for Elsie "Williams and Myron Azh
derian, convicted of having extorted
money from Captain Nevills, when their
cases were called yesterday morning.
Judge Evans occupied the entire morning
session arguing a motion for a new trial.
His argument was made on technical
points, and at the conclusion the case
went over till next Saturday.
From Chicago, New York, Boston, we
deliver to all noints Cresta Blanca wines.
Order Xmas presents now. Wetmore-
Bowen Co., 410 Post st.. S. F. •
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce on the ground of fail
ure to provide have been filed by Hattie
E. Empey against "William C. Empey and
May Lothers againpt John E. Lothers;
on the ground of cruelty by Ethel Hicks
against Thomas J."VHicks and Alice E.
yon Brohmnstead against John \V. yon
Brohmnstead.
Glove orders purchased here will be hon-
ored in any department after Christmas.
During the coming week you should prepare for Christmas. Do not
leave it until later as the assortments become broken. You have bought
here before and we know something of your tastes. Our preparations are
elaborate; the buying and making of pretty things has been entensive.
The store was never more ready for your Christmas selections.
Handkerchief^
Elegantly embroidered, from Swiss and
Irish manufacturers; ' made on sheer cloth
of pure linen; froma||^B|
. 2£C tO $1 each
Ladies' pure linen handkerchiefs,, hand
worked initials . .
: I£C,'2£C and £0C each
Men's pure linen handkerchiefs, hand
worked initials
2^C : an d S"OC each
Real lace handkerchiefs — Duchess and
; Point lace from • .
7£C tO $15 each
"' " ■-'"■'■•■ i ■■'■■■' 1 1 n ' tt
Umbrellas
Ladies' and men's umbrellas, made of
best material, steel rods and lock para-
gon frames, with handles of latest pat-
terns — silver deposited ivory, pearl or
bone ; Dresden and choicest' oV woods;
guaranteed for one year ; names or initals
engraved free of ; charge; from
$i:2 J tO $ IO each
Neckwear
Lace jabots with stock collars, latest of
styles *
; ' $1, $I.^o and $2 each
Chiffon fronts t
$2.50 tO $% each .
- A holiday special. Lace trimmed crepe
chiffon jabots v .
£OC and 7^C each
Chiffon capes from
$4 tO $IO each
Liberty silk ruffs
$2.2^ tO $£ each
• Ostrich feather boas made from select-
ed plumes , of long { and silky ; fibre in 1,
i# and 1 % yard lengths, ; in grey white
or black, from
$8 tO $2O each.
125 to 135 Kearny Street
OAKLAND GOLFERS
ARE NOW "TWO UP"
FIBST MATCH BETWEEN TEAMS
OF LOCAL PLAYERS.
Next Saturday the Game Will Be
Finished on the Links of the
San Francisco Club.
After an exceedingly close and interesting
contest on the Oakland links yesterday
afternoon the first team competition be
tween the Oakland and San Francisco
Golf clubs ended in a victory for Oakland
with "two up." Each club sent eight rep
resentatives, and when the returns for
both rounds from seven pairs of the play
ers were in, the San Francisco team led
by three points, or, in golf language, was
"three up." When C. P. Wingate's re
turns for both rounds were handed in it
was found that he had beaten his oppo
nent at two holes in the first round, and
at three holes in the second round; he
was thus "five up" and the Oakland team
"two up."
The arrangements for the match were
made by W. Thomas on behalf of the
San Francisco Golf Club, and by P. E.
Bowles of the Oakland team. The match
consisted of two rounds, eighteen holes.
The scores of the teams are given below:
Oakland.
3
I
I
c
5
0.
San Francisco.
G. D. Greenwood
F. S. Stratton...
W. P. Johnson..
A. Folger
J. McKee
C. P. Hubbard..
E. R. Folger....
C. P. Wingate..
1
1
0
0
4
0
0
2
0
•
0
2
>>
2
3
Dr. Hlbbetts
J. W. Bvrne
|H. D. PHlsbury..
C. Page
H. Babcock
E. J. McCutchen
S. L. Abbott Jr..
T. G. Roberts....
Totals
0
0
1
3
0
1
1
0
3
•
3 ; .
0
1-
0
0
Totals j
7
• denotes a tie.
Taking the results of the two rounds
together, Dr. Hibbetts was 2 up, H. D.
Pillsbury 1 up, C. Page 6 up, and E. J.
McCutchen 2 up, total, 11 for the San
Francisco team; while for the Oakland
team F. S. Stratton was 1 up, J. McKee
6 up, E. R. Folger 1 up, and C. P. Win
gate 5 up; total 13. Oakland thus won by
2 up.
The Oakland links afford excellent op
portunities for play. Owing to the lack
of rain and the drying northerly wind
they arc in a somewhat dry and hard con
dition, but the course is rolling and af
fords several good natural hazards. The
approach to the eighth hole is a difficult
one. It is down a steep hill, over a board
fence, across a road and up a slope on to
the putting green, while beyond and to
one side of the green are the marshy
shores of Lake Merritt. In approaching
this hole on the first round A. Folger
overplayed and lost his ball, thus giving
the hole to his opponent, whose ball had
struck the fence, but had luckily bounded
through an opening in It.
Inasmuch as no two links anywhere in
the world are alike, and golfers playing
on their own links have an advantage
over visitors, it is intended to reckon the
game played yesterday as a half game,
the second half of which will be played on
Saturday, December 17, on the Presidio
links. The scores of both games will be
added together, and the two days' play
be reckoned as one game.
The afternoon yesterday was lovely; the
light good, without glare, and an abso
lutely calm atmosphere. Several members
of the Oakland Golf Club visited the
links, and among them were a number of
ladies.
An Absolute Specific
For dandruff, itching scalp and falling
hair is Smith's Dandruff Pomade. Sam
ple free. Address Smith Bros., Fresno,
Cal. •
Killed an Innocent Man.
William Barron McKay of San Mateo
County will have to stand the punish
ment measured out to him for killing
Robert Curry, although the fatal shot
was not intended for the victim. Such Is
the decison of the Supreme Court. Mc-
Kay and a man named Gerke had a fight,
in which the former got the worst of It.
He rushed into the house and secured a
pistol to shoot his adversary, but Curry
attempted to prevent the shedding of
blood. In the struggle for the pistol the
weapon was discharged and the peace
maker was slain. McKay was convicted
of manslaughter, and appealed to the
Fans
; Empire fans richly decorated with
spangles and paintings by first-class -
artists ; sticks of pearl, ivory or wood;
handsomely carved and decorated from
B^C tO $1$ each
Sofa cushions
r Hand painted and embroidered on silk,
bolting cloth, satin de Gene or tapestry;
from :V $1.50 tO $2 $ each
Photograph Frames
Made of linen or silk, hand painted and
embroidered, from
. >: '' $1.25 tO $7.50 each
Necktie, glove and handkerchief
Cases *
Made, of linen, silk, satin or bolting
cloth, hand painted and embroidered, from
7£C tO $18 each
Work Boxes
Made of linen, silk or satin, hand paint-
ed and embroidered, from
$2 tO $13 each
Letter Folios and Blotters
Made of silk, linen or yucca, hand
painted or embroidered, from
75C tO $2.50 each
Scarfs and Drapes
Painted or embroidered on silk, satin
or Bengaline, from
£0C tO $2O each
Baskets
; Baskets • in every conceivable shape
and size, trimmed and untrimmed, suit-
able for work, scrap, fruit, candy and ,
bonbons, from ''*"'.",
2^C tO $7.^0 each
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOLIDAY GOODS!
AN ELEGANT DISPLAY.
All goods ordered for the HOLIDAY TRADE have arrived
and are now ready for inspection. During this month
(December) we will show a very choice assortment of NEW
GOODS specially suited for CHRISTMAS GIFTS.
LADIES' SCALLOPED AND EMBROIDERED LINEN HANDKER-
CHIEFS,
$1.75 to $36 Dozen.
LADIES' AND GENTS' INITIALED AND HEMSTITCHED LINEN
CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS, in great variety.
LADIES' AND GENTS' PLAIN LINEN HEMSTITCHED HANDKER-
CHIEFS,
$1.20 to $9 Dozen.
LADIES' FEATHER COLLARETTES AND BOAS, 18 to 54 inches
in length,
$2.50 to $25 Each.
LADIES' FUR SCARFS, in Mink, Stone Marten, Electric Seal,
Opossum and Black Marten,
$1.75 to $17 50 Each.
GENTS' FANCY SILK NECKWEAR, latest shapes,
25c, 50c, 75c and $1 Each.
LADIES' AND GENTS' MERINO, CASHMERE AND SCOTCH
WOOL UNDERWEAR,
$1.50 to $6 Suit.
LADIES' AND GENTS' CASHMERE HOSE AND HALF HOSE,
25c, 35C, 50c, 75c and $1 Pair.
LADIES' AND GENTS' KID GLOVES,
$1 to $2.50 Pair.
LADIES' AND GENTS' SILK UMBRELLAS,
$2 to $9 Each.
An elegant Hne of LADIES' NEW NECKWEAR, in Jabots, Stock
Colors and Liberty Silk Ruffs,
75c to $4.50 Each.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
higher court, but, to no purpose, for the
decision of the lower court was sustained
and a new trial denied.
§ CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-Tim |j
a -X/WrtS IS COMING. B
n We store gifts to be delivered in seasonable t
time.
I 'TWONT GO IN THE STOCKING- II
H A ROCKIXG CHAIR-But It's a H
H Christmas present none the less . accept- H
a able. Is it any too early to anticipato B
H your holiday buying? Surely not.— H
m bargain can never be too early. Buy II
■ now— pay with next year's pin money. If
H SPECIAL SALE THIS WEEK OP H
B ROCKING CHAIRS— with the H
1^.... 5 . 0 .... B .^!^
1 THE J. NOON AN 1
| FURNITURE COMPANY, Inc. i
I 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST. B
« Above Sixth. ||
p Phone South 14. : Open Evenings. H
AkMMMKrinviiH M«*irihTfiltf£SßauuUAaai£iti££MlSfi£AM3M
YOU NEVER SAW SUCH
BEAUTIFUL
OPERA-GLASSES
as wehave just
received!
Opticians ko^ k gency
642 Market St..
. . chronicle building-*
WE EMPLOY NO AGENTS.
pooooooooooooo o oo a
•m PALACE «'3
GRAND motels a
0 BAH B/tAMCiaCO. 2
JT Connected by a covered passageway. ™
O 1400 Rootns-900 With Bath Attached. 0
V All Under One Management. 01
0_ HOII THE PSI0B8: 0
I* European Plan. Sl. oo per day and upward „
O American Plan.s3.oo per day and upward Q
•0 Correspondence Solicited. £1
0 , JOSH 0. mSPA7RIOK, M«»gw. q
Qoooooooooaooooooo
gJ^DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
lanW i-i\e hundred reward for any casa
|^™ ' we cannot cure. This secret remedy
0, -V_B R tops all . losses in 24 hours, cures
|£jj -M Emissions, Impotency. Varicocele.
WIA fjllli V onorrnoea > Gleet. Fits, Strictures.
jtgM UjM l '" st Manhood and all wasting ef-
BHHLJrSH tectsof self-abuse or excesses. Sent
■="™=p» sealed, s2 bottle: 3 bottles.*.-; guar-
ottltt^^-- ■ AddressHALL ' s MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE,. 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Alsa
for B^, Ie ;at 107314 Market st:, S. F. All prl-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
R TT Q 1? Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
JjIiUOIIIIIO er8 > bootblacks, bath-
. ' • houses, billiard tables.
Brewers, . bookbinders, candy- makers. aners.
Oyers, flourm<lls, foundries, laundries, paper-
. T iS - "' Drlnt ers, painters, shoe factories,
(tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
» «. „ BUCHANAN. BROS.. '
Brush manufacturers. 6Oy Sacramento 31
1 BsKsJ*** T 'r^fctd ■■inLnl fflfi_-t-H>-a'nTHE CALL Sunday Edition
Wonderful Things The Blind Can Do
Story of a Santa Cruz boy who
lived alone in a world of darkness be
cause he could not hear, could not
6peak and could not see. But one
Idea and one only was developed in
him: "Mother." Ex-Superintendent
Joseph Sanders of the Blind Asylum
took him in change, and after weeks
of patient work was able to commun
icate with him through a finger lan
guage. Next with infinite patience
he taught him the idea of a broom.
Then the boy began making brooms
on a broom machine. Within three
years he was pronounced the best
broom maker in the State and was
made inspector of the brooms fur
nished the Government posts here. All
this while he was saving his money.
With it he bought a broom machine,
moved to Santa Cruz, started in busi
ness and began to support his wid
owed mother. Later he went East,
where he is now conducting a large
broom business.
And he cannot see, cannot hear
and cannot speak.
THERE is no more interesting
subject connected with the lives
and fortunes of the defective
classes than the blind and the
Story of tli*? effort to ameliorate the
hardships of th-ir condition.
There are two perfectly distinct
rlasses of the blind; one is composed of
those whose blindness is congenital, or
has occurred in infancy; the other, of
those whose sight is lost after adult
age.
The first class, having cither had no
fight atall, or having enjoyed vision but
UrirGy. tu a great degree overcome Us
A
The Deaf and Dumb and Blind Boy at Work an the Broom Factory.
lack. They have furnished numerous
remarkable instances of substitution of
the lost sense by those which remain.
Hearing and touch, especially, extend
themselves and assume the duties of
Eight.
In Boston a blind surgeon took his
training in the dissecting room, learned
the anatomical structure of. the body
by touch, and practiced successfully
performing many of the major surgical
operations as skillfully as any member
of his profession. One of the profes
bois of mathematics at Harvard was a
blind man, whose genius grasped the
whole science of numbers and imparted
it to his classes unaided by vision. In
New York there is a blind sculptor, who
modeled In day what is regarded by
critics as the best portrait bust ever
made of Washington Irving. This
sightless sculptor modeled and received
the contract for one of the most elabor
ate monuments erected in that State
to commemorate the soldiers of our
civil war.
Jn Nebraska Professor Bacon, the
founder of several institutions for the
blind, runs a large stuck farm, and has
made a competence by the breeding
of neat cattle. No man is a keener
j'jdge of the points of live stock than
li". and his judgment is sought by
others in the same business,
one of the great institutions for the
blind in England was founded by a
blind American, who first attracted at
tention in Europe by muking the ascent
of Mont Blanc.
The greatest boat and yacht builder
In the world is a blind man, Mr. Ilern-s
hoff of Rhode Island. lie takes an
ord^r tor a boat, with capacity and dp
sired tbeed stated forms its plan in his
mind, and then dictates its dimensions,
structure, sailing plan and most minute
details to his secretary. When the
lines of tho craft are laid by his wrojk
*«cn he detects by touch the slightest
deviation, and is noted among his
workmen as the most exact and exact
ing builder in the country and the
readiest to note a fault or a change in
his plan. This marine architect built
the yacht which defended" the Amer
ica's cup in the last race with the Brit
ish Yacht Club. He arranged her sail
ing plan, the cloth she should carry in
the various conditions of the wind she
was likely to encounter on the racing
waters of the lower bay at New York.
When the great race was sailed in the
presence of tens of thousands, the
blind builder of the fleet victor in the
contest stood on the deck of a steamer
by the side of his secretary, and. turn
ing his face to the wind to judge its
velocity, would note its changes and re
peat the instructions of his sailing
plan as to what sails should be spread
and what furled to meet the changes
in the breeze. Of the thousands
whose feelings vibrated and thrilled as
the fortunes of the white-winged racers
waxed or waned, but few knew that
the blind builder, standing in everlast
ing darkness, watched the race with
sensibilities as keen as am f and that
his sense of proportion, aided only by
touch, had brought into form the fleet
winner in the greatest race ever sailed.
The persons who have become blind
in infancy have proven to be the bent
benefactors of those whose sight eoes
out In adult age. The latter class feel
the loss with a keenness that is pitiful.
L,ong in the enjoyment of vision, sieht
gives facility to the use of foot and
hind It becomes a guide to the hear
ing and touch. When taken away the
loss is a pitiful abridgment of the use
of the remaining senses. Tl takes
power and facility " away from the
hand and replaces the firm step with a
timid" and painful stumble. The juvenile
blind train themselves to walk without
a stick. They guide themselves by
hearing and by something that has
been believed to be a sixth sense, which
is developed in substitution for pierht.
?*y this strange and highly sublimated
sensibility they feel the presence of an
object which they have not touched or
heard. They know whether it is ani
mate or inanimate. In like manner
they feel the presence of a pit into
which they might fall or a cliff over
which they might plunge. Their step
is free and firm. They acquire a
knowledge of locality and learn the
streets < f a city or country highways
as re;idily as those who see. They ac
quire a knowledge of music, of mathe
matics and of certain handicrafts, .as
easily as those with all their senses.
In the encis of their fingers touch be
comes exquisitely sensitive. Under
various systems books are printed for
their use, either with raised letters or
with points on the same plan as the
first telegraphic printing. These books
now make up v fairiy complete library
of literature and science. They learn
to write to each other, using a stylus
to impress the points upon the paper.
They use the typewriter with facility,
printing from dictation.
Those who become blind in infancy
become the instructors of the adult
blind. They live in an arm's length
world, bounded by what they can
touch. That is their horizon. Sounds
corrie to them from beyond its borders,
but they are like sounds that misrht be
heard below and beyond the horizon
that i ■ Been by the eye: In this narrow
world of touch those who lost sight in
infancy receive the unfortunate who
lose it in age. They come stumbling,
timid and sorrowful, given to melan
choly introspection, honeless and piti
ful. The seeing people around them can
comfort them but little, for instinct
ively they handle them through the
/.•ye which they have not. The scene
changes when they encounter their fel
lows who lost sight so young that they
remember it but dimly, or not at all.
They are in the world of darkness and
touch now, in the hands of those who
• know it in an intimacy impossible to
any who live in a world of sight and
light. They are led through and
ii round It by their finger tips. Their
timidity grows legs. Confidence takes
For a long time Joseph Sanders, who is blind, was in charge
of the blind asylum at Berkeley. Under his administration the asy
lum attained great prosperity and turned over to the State a hand
some sum each month from the work of the inmates. Among tha
notable cases that this blind superintendent handled with extraordi
nary success was that of the deaf and dumb and blind boy whose
story is told on this page The sense of touch was the only method
by which he could be taught communication with the outside world.
Mr. Sanders patiently worked on this sense for months till the lad s
intelligence was awakened and he -became one of the best broom
makers in the State, and such a competent merchant that he sup
ported his mother and conducted a large busimess.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, ■ 1898.
JOSEPH SENDERS.
From a Photograph
BY
JOHN P. IRISH
the place of fear. It seems simple, but
the first and most important lesson to
be learned by the adult blind is to
walk alone.
It is interesting to know that long
after the juvenile blind had been
taught, trained and equipped for an
active place in the world, the adult
blind were regarded as incapable of re
lief. The first attempt to temper their
condition was made by the authorities
of the Catholic Church in France.
From that beginning the effort extend
ed, with but little substantial success
until those blind from infancy were
brought into it as guides And instruct
ors of their elder brethren in distress.
From that point great progress has
been made. It began a career for the
juvenile blind, who as teachers and
superintendents of institutions for the
adult blind, found a most honorable
and useful and expert occupation for
their trained faculties, and in them the
adult blind found their best instructors,
friends and companions.
In the United States many of the
leading institutions for the blind were
founded by the juvenile blind. (I use
that term always to distinguish those
who lose their sight in infancy.)
The State institution for the blind in
Ohio was founded by Mr. Penniman:
in Tennessee by Messrs. Champlin and
Sturtevant; in Mississippi by Mr.
Champlin; Indiana by Mr. Churchman:
Illinois, Samuel Bacon; Wisconsin. Mr.
Churchman; Missouri, Mr. Whelan:
Louisiana, Mr. Lane; Georgia. Mr.
Fortescue; Maryland, Mr. Loughery;
lowa, Samuel Bacon; Nebraska. Sam
uel Bacon— this is the same gentleman
who is now living on his stock farm at
Nebraska City to whom I • have re
ferred; the California Home for the
Adult Blind was created practically by
Joseph Sanders, and the Nova Scotia
home was founded by Mary Dwyer. All
of these founders and benefactors be
long to the juvenile blind class.
In the United States sixteen persons
of that class had achieved great suc
cess as superintendents of these places
up to 1878, and since that date many
have been added to the list, including
Mr. Sanders in California.
Besides these public or State institu
tions, there are many others of a pri
vate or only quasi public character,
run exclusively by blind men. The
greatest of these and one of the great
est in the world is Hall's institution in
Philadelphia. His great product is
brooms. By my last report from him
he had Just bought seven hundred tons
of broom corn, to be manufactured by
his blind handicraftsmen this winter.
His shops and markets have been con
tinually increased and extended for
years, though he is in competition with
some of the largest broom shops in the
world, and with cheap labor and prison
labor.
The blind men in th California
Home for the Adult Blind in Oakland
were taught their trades by Joseph
Sanders, who came to this State from
Mr. Hall's establishment in Philadel
phia. He is an excellent example of
the thoroughly trained and naturally
able Juvenile blind. He is an expert
swimmer and fisherman, uses no cane
in walking, is a keen and adroit busi
ness man and a skillfm mechanic. The
California Adult Blind Home durine
his superintendency took front rank, its
earnings paid into the State Treasury
averaging during his entire incumb
ancy of $1646 per month. He succeeded
two seeing superintendents, and. with
an increase of only 17 per cent in his
shop force, increased the monthly earn
ings of the home 100 per cent and the
wages per hand, of the blind workmen,
46 per cent.
As a teacher and superintendent it 19
probable that he has had but few peers
among the blind, and as merchant,
busii.ess man and manufacturer, many
who are not handicapped by the loss
of any of their senses might sit at his
feet and learn. When he left the in
stitution In December, 1895, it had an
export trade in brooms to Central
America, Australia, Hawaii and British
Columbia, and the demand for its
product was so great that the blind
mechanics were working overtime to
supply it. Then a visitor could have
the singular and interesting experience
of going into a large shon at nicht.
unlighted, and occupied by nearly
eighty mechanics, whistling at their
work, while the hum and bustle of
busy industry rose out of the dark.
To judge of the difficulty of teaching
a trade to the adult blind, one must re
flect that but few men think themselves
capable of learning a new handicraft
after they have passed their twenty
fifth year, and fewer still attempt it,
though in possession of all their facul
ties. Now take men of that age and
upward suddenly deprived of their
sight, and fancy the skill and patience
and kindness that must be used in tak
ing them by their fingers and teaching
them a trade* by palpitation, without
use of the eye!
I ;have seen blind men stand at the
broom clamp, weeping sorely in their
helplessness, and crying their unbelief
in the power to learn the trade. And I
have seen this patient blind teacher day
after day encourage . them, until the
brain at last took control of the clumsy
hand and it acquired a finer touch, and
tears were dried, hope lighted the sad
face, and it seemed verily that their
path was blessed and had led them in
darkness to a world where there was
no more sorrow, nor crying, nor pain,
and all tears were wiped away.
There came to him in that institution
a deaf and dumb and blind boy, the only
child of a dependent widow. As he
grew older and grew dearer to her
heart, for our best affections go to the
little ones and helpless in our homes,
he taxed her forlorn resources more and
more. Mr. Sanders took him to the
shop. No word of instruction could
pass the ears of the lad. for he lived in
a world of everlasting silence and dark
ness.
Touch was the sole means of reaching
him.
Patiently, by putting a head of broom
corn in his hand and then a broom in
process of manufacture, and then a fin
ished broom, the idea was made to come
to him that the complete article was
made by putting together the single
heads of material. So, day after day.
Continued on Page Thirty-two.18
American Plan of Labor in Hawaii.
Discussed by Commissioner Robert W. Shlogle.
Special to The Sunday Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.— No
more important or more in
teresting legislation will
come before the present
Congress than that bearing
upon Hawaii, the new mid-
Pacific possession of the republic, and
of this legislation none will attract
more serious attention than that relat
ing to the employment of contract la
bor there.
The contract labor problem. Indeed,
has been one of the greatest stumbling
blocks in the way of Hawaiian annexa
tion for years. The employment of
contract, or coolie labor, which is in ef
fect "limited" slave labor, is not only
contrary to the spirit of American in
stitutions, but is specifically forbidden
by the constitution and written laws of
the republic. Yet the major part of
Hawaii's material prosperity has been
built up on this system and it has bee»
assumed by many in considering th»
annexation of the islands that its con
tinuance would be urged by the Ha
waiian planters. This fact has arousetf
the bitterest opposition to annexation
in several quarters, especially among
trade unionists, and the discussion of
the anticipated Hawaiian fight against
compliance with the law will take up a
considerable part of the time of the
Federation of Labor Convention to be
gin at Kansas City on Monday next.
As long ago as 1592, when annexation
under the Harrison administration was
thought to be as good as accomplished,
the planters foresaw that the end of the
system there must come as soon as the
islands were made a part of the repub
lic. Ever since then they have been
studying the problem of its abolition In
all its bearings, and last summer when
word was sent to Hawaii that annexa
tion might come at last, as a war meas
ure, they renewed their diligence. To
day their preparations to substitute
free for contract labor are well under
way, according to Robert W. Shingle,
Hawaiian Commissioner to the recent
Omaha Exposition.
Mr. Shingle is a native of the United
States, but his relations with the au
thorities and the planters of Hawaii
are of the most confidential nature, as
is abundantly shown by his official po
sition.
"It is not only true to-day that all
the planters are preparing to obey the
contract labor laws of the United
States," said Mr. Shingle in a talk with
the correspondent, "but it is also a
fait that tho majority would prefer free
labor and would have put it in the place
of contract labor long ago had such a
course been thought feasible. At the
same time, it is only right to say that
there are planters who fear the great
est trouble from the free labor system.
They are in a small minority, however,
and are naturally the most conservative
men on the islands. There is a much
larger party of those who believe that
it might be a good thing to introduce
free labor at once. These hold that
while free white laborers demand and
must bo paid at least one-third more
than virtually enslaved Orientals the
change would in the long run be profit
able. One white man, they say, will
ordinarily do as much work as two
Asiatics, and if this should prove true
in Hawaii there would be an actual
money gain in the substitution. Be
sides 1000 Anglo-Saxons would be pre
ferable as residents to 2000 Orientals in
any part of the islands.
"One of the greatest objections to
free labor in the past has been the dan
ger of strikes. Sugar is not like coal.
Coal can be dug out one time as well
as another, but when sugar cane is
ripe it must be cut. A delay of two or
three days might cause total loss. This
fact has always been considered of
great weight in considering the substi
tution of free labor for contract la
bor on the Hawaiian sugar plantations.
Naturally efforts will be made to pro
vide against danger of enforced stop
page of work in displacing contract la
borers with free men, and it is believed
that this will be possible under the
United States Government, though it
would have been impracticable under
the Dole administration and still more
bo under the monarchy."
"As a matter of fact, there are now
thousands of free laborers in Hawaii.
Rice, taro, coffee. pineapples and
bananas are all among Hawaii's staple
crops and few contract laborers are
employed in cultivating them. The
great majority of these are to be found
on the sugar plantations, though thou
sands of free laborers (both natives and
white — Germans, Scandinavians and
Portuguese chiefly) work in the cane
also. The contract laborers are all
Japs and Chinamen. I cannot make
an accurate statement as to their num
ber, but I should say that there are
about 20,000 Japanese and as many
Chinamen, or 40,000 in all."
"They get $15 a month gold, the la
borers finding themselves in food and
clothes and their employers furnishing
living quarters and fuel. Every month
$1 50 is deducted from the pay of each
man and deposited in the Government
Postal Savings Bank, where it is al
lowed to accumulate for the three
years (thirty-six months) comprising
the term of the contract. The $54 thus
placed to each man's credit is used to
pay his passage back to his native
SUNDAY LAWS" AMD WHY OUR CLERGYMEN ARE UNITING TO PASS THEM.
ANTMRER of our Oakland and
San Francisco clergymen have
united to form a Sabbath Ob
servance Association, the ob
ject being to influence public
opinion and through that the
legislative body of our State in favbr
of the enactment of a "Sunday law."
According to their plans this law shall
provide for at least outward observ
ance of the Sabbath by all who are
privileged to live within the borders of
California. Th~ reason for this action
are here given by some of the clercy
men most interested In the movement:
• • •
REV. E. R. DILLE, Presdent Sabbath
Observance As
sociation,
and
REV. N. R. JOHNSTON,
Correspon ding
Secretary Sab
bath Observ
ance Associa
tion.
I WILL give, very briefly, my rea
sons for thinking a Sabbath law
desirable for our well-loved State
of California:
1. The presumption is that our State
needs such a law about as much as
other States, nearly all of which have
Sabbath laws.
2. In civil affairs the law of God is
Euoreme. The State as well as the in-
land. As the average Chinaman or Jap
can live on $2 25 a month, most of thf;m
save up from $300 to $400 in gold while
in Hawaii, and this being changed into
Chinese or Japanese yen (silver) be
comes from $600 to $800. Either of these
sums is large enough to support a low
grade Oriental for the remainder of his
natural life. As a matter of fact, ther*
are large numbers of returned contract
laborers, both in the Flowery Kingdom
and the Empire of the Ris'ng Sun, \vho
are now subsisting on the interest of
their savings in Hawaii, put away in
three years.
"You ran see, therefore, that the kit
of the Oriental contract laborer In Ha
waii is far from hard, according. to his
view point. He may undergo some pri
vations, to be sure, but they are of his
own choojffng, since, he is not obliged to
save as he does, and when his contract
is up he is ready to go home and pass
the rest of his existence In idleness, like
any other capitalist, retired on his
money. It should also be understood
in considering the pay of the Chinene
laborer in Hawaii that he averages a
better net income than any officer un
der the rank of captain in either the
Japanese or Chinese army. Such offi
cers get about the same gross sum as
the laborers, but out of it they have to
bear many special expenses, such as the
keep of horses, club dues, showy uni
forms, etc.
"It would be altogether impracticable
for the Hawaiian sugar planters to de
pend on the Orientals as free laborers,
for the simple "reason that were they
privileged to work or not as they please
at any given time they might easily
ruin a planter through sheer laziness.
The Oriental contract laborer is un
questionably the most Indolent, most
obstinate human being alive. He does
not propose to work at all if he can help
it, and when he does go out he does as
little as he possibly can. The treat
ment that is accorded him in Hawaii
may be harsh according to the ideas of
American laborers, but the adoption of
other tactics with the coolies would cer
tainly result most disastrously.
"The quarters furnished contract la
borers on the sugar plantations of Ha
waii are much better than the homes
they would provide for themselves, and
are quite as good as those furnished to
the free laborers. They consist of low,
one-story frame buildings, inclosed
with rough boards as a rule, and white
washed. Each building will accom
modate five or six men. They sleep in
bunks and cook for themselves. They
live chiefly on chea rice, imported
from China, which can be laid down in
Hawaii at from $2 to $3 a hundred
pounds, about $1 a hundred less than
the going price of the Hawaiian gra'.n.
The free laborers are better paid ihan
the others, say from $18 to $20 a month,
and planters prefer thorn, as a rule,
since they do more work for each dol
lar of wages than the Orientals. They
do not make as much net for thorn
selves, though, for it costs them more
to live.
"The employment of contract labor In
Hawaii began in 1876, and has, there
fore, been in force for twenty-two
years. It is attended by many draw
backs, not the least of which is the fact
that quite two-thirds of the earnings
of the laborers is hoarded and taken out
of the country for expenditure. Thus
each of the 40,000 laborers virtually
takes $10 in gold from Hawaii every
month. That is the equivalent of
$400,000 a month in the aggregate, or
$4,800,000 a year. In twenty years this
would be $96,000,000. Under the system
of free labor the vast sums of which
Hawaii is being drained would remain
right there and contribute to the de
velopment of the islands. This circum
stance alone Is enough to make all
thoughtful Hawaiians welcome the
cominr change.
"The Hawaiian Commission consists
of Senators Cullom and Morgan and
Representative Hitt for the United
States and President Dole and Judge
Frear for the islands," said Mr. Shingle.
'These men are all now in Washington.
They will recommend that the entire
contract labor system be wiped out
within a reasonable time, and as I have
said the sugar planters themselves are
preparing as rapidly as they can for the
change.
"Perhaps the most interesting steps
are being taken by the -Hon. J. B.
Atherton, president of the Hawaiian
Sugar Planters' Association, and also
president of the Ewa (pronounced
Ev-a) plantation, unquestionably the
largest single tract of land under sugar
cultivation in the islands. Under his
direction W. J. Lowrie, manager of tho
plantation, recently spent some time in
California, where he arranged with
twenty-five Americans to go to Hawaii,
taking their families with them, for the
purpose of working the Ewa planta
tion on the co-operative or percentage
plan. Under this plan the c. rporatlon
will allow each man a certain number
of acres for cultivation. All cane raised
under this arrangement will be ground
at the Ewa plantation mill, the farmer
receiving a percentage of the proceeds
in payment for his tane. The plan has
been very carefully wrought out, and it
is estimated that tie net earnings of
the best men will be not less than $40 a
month; tho most indolent and unfor
tunate cannot easily drop below $20
while the average will be not far from
$30. Thj twenty-five Americans ar
rived in Hawaii late in November, and
are probably now beginning their work
This experiment will be watched with
Promises That the Propes d Laws Won't Be as Stringent as the Famous Connecticut "Elue Lawy*" and That They "Will Fe a Foon to the Laboring Men*
dividual and the family owes obedi
ence to the moral law of God; and the
fourth commandment positively for
bids work on the Sabbath day.
3. The people need the weekly rest
and one day in seven for religious wor
ship; and so the divine lawgiver, our
all-wise and merciful Father, has made
most benevolent provision for our
wants. A State law should secure the
opportunity for both.
4. Men and women, especially those
who depend upon their labor, are en
titled to such opportunity to rest and
to worship; and the State owes it to
the laboring classes to protect them in
their rights. In San Francisco there
are at least 1500 bakers whose em
ployers require them to work seven
days in the week all the year round.
Other similar illustrations are abund
ant.
5. Christian morality and the Chris
tian religion tend powerfully to pro
mote-the best interests of the State:
but no institution tends so much to
foster both religion and morality as the
Christian Sabbath when properly ob
served. If religion and morality be di
vorced from the State, that is, if the
secular theory of government prevail,
the latter will soon be ruined. A State
without a Sabbath is in a very dan
gerous condition. Let all the oeoDle do
on the Sabbath day whatever is rieht
in their own eyes, and moral desola
tion will soon reign. All this is mani
fest from the tact that in proportion
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1898.
the greatest interest by all the Ha
waiian planters, and if it works well on
the Ewa plantation the same plan will
be adopted in other parts of the
islands."
Some of the sugar-growers favor the
importation of Italians and Portuguese
to work on the plantations, but, of
course, such laborers would have to be
STRANGE GUARDIANS OF THE HOLY SEPULCHER.
THE traditional site of the tomb In
which Christ was laid after his
crucifixion as fixed upon in the
fourth century by the Empress
Helena, the mother of Constan
tine the Great, has ever been the spot
most sacred and interesting to Chris
tian pligrims and other visitors to Je
rusalem. It is in a cave now inclosed in
marble within the pile of buildings
taken to Hawaii from the United
States and not from their own coun
tries. There is also a plan, according
to Mr. Shingle.-to bring laborers from
the Philippine Islands to work on the
sugar plantations. The Filipinos are
said to be industrious and faithful and
sturdy and generally, desirable.
It would be hard to estimate accur-
as nations sanctify the weekly rest I
day as Qofl requires they are high in j
the scale of Christian civilization, sub- ]
stantial prosperity, and tne security of;
civil and religious liberty. If an illus
tration be asked it will be found in |
contrasting Scotland or New England
with Spain or pagan Africa.
6. Where there is no law there is no
transgression. On this principle the
masses of the common people, especial
ly the uneducated foreigners, learn to
think that all the seven days of the
week are alike, or that no day is holy,
and thus in California our Christian or
American Sabbath is likely soon to be
come only a holiday or a "Continental
Sunday," and so a good day for hull
fights, and horse races and all kinds of
sports.
From the multitudes of testimonials
by men whom all good people delight
to honor, hear only a few. Dr. Blakie
says: "The Sabbath Is God's special
present to the working man; and on.? of
Its chief objects is to prolong hid life
and preserve efficient his working
tone." Do you believe that the Chris
tian churches are desirable in our
land? Then hear what the great Dr.
McLeod wrote: "It is not too much
to say that without the Sabbath the
church of God could not, as a visible
society, exist on earth."
Not long before his peaceful death
the great English Premier, Gladstone,
said: "I owe my health and vigor
through a long and busy life to the
Sabbath day, with Its blessed surcease
of toll."
After what I have now written the
kind of law I would desire must be
manifest. I may add, though, that
nearly all the friends of the Lord's day
ately the magnitude of the interests
involved in the Hawaiian contract labor
problem, for the planters have always
been extremely reticent as to the money
value of their holdings.
The Ewa plantation, largest on the
islands, employs about 2000 hands; the
yield last year was 18,000 tons of sugar.
It will be 25,000 tons this year. The is
land of Hawaii, largest of the group,
has hitherto raised most of its sugar,
but Molokai will perhaps lead in fu
ture. It was chiefly owned by the
estate of Berenice Pauai Bishop till re
cently, but is now in possession of a
syndicate of Boston capitalists repre
sentel by Arthur M. Daggett. This
syndicate will put nearly all the island
into sugar and it will then be by far the
greatest sugar plantation in the world.
The growth of the great wheel of Paris
is a reminder that the exhibition of 1900
is steadily drawing near. The exhibition
has been planned and erected entirely
known as the "Church of the Holy
Sepulcher."
This edifice, begun by Constantine in
32G and finished in 335, was destroyed in
turn by the Persians under Chosroes in
614 and the Fatimite Caliph Hakim in
1010, each time being rebuilt by the
Christians. It was enlarged and im
proved by the Crusaders on their con
quest of Jerusalem and its keeping in
trusted to an order founded for the
Ir English supervision and is exciting
t interest among the Parisians, few
horn have ever seen anything of the
In appearance the wheel decs not
- materially from the one with which
loners arc fumiliar, but it has the
nction of being the largest in the
rl its diameter, being 32S feet, and the
ht of the topmost car from the
nd 347 feet. When fully laden it will
f 1600 persons.
would have a law to prohibit all un
necessary manual labor, and especially
such aa would disturb the people who
wish to spend the day quietly in re
ligio-us worship, and prohibit all noisy
and wholly secular and harmful sports
that war against the sanctity of the
day that Jehovah has hallowed— c.
g.. the law should prohibit parents
from compelling their children to work
seven days in the week and make it
impossible for employers to compel or
require employes to labor without the
weekly rest. I would have a law that
on the Christian Sabbath would forbid
circuses, close all theaters, stop all
shooting matches, horse racing, football
and baseball games, close all business
houses, and especially all liquor sa
loons, those legalized "Gates <rf Hell,"
as the women call them. Nor is this
all. If California had power to control
the Federal Government I would be
glad to see a law that on the Sabbath
would stop every mail train and close
every postofflce in the State. By its
I Sunday mails -and Sunday trains the
Federal Government is not only the foe
to free labor, but also the greatest
enemy to morals and pure religion.
You give me space to say only this.
I would have a new law much like the
one the Democratic Legislature re
pealed some years ago — a law simi
lar but better than most of the Sab
bath laws of the other States. It would
not "compel people to go to church,"
nor would it be an effort to "make men
| religious by law." And it should be so
| framed that it could not be used to do
I harm to any class of citizens who re
! ligk.-usly and conscientiously observe or
j keep sacred the seventh day of the
week or the Jewish Sabbath. With such
[a law, accepted and voluntarily obeyed
Had Greatness Thrust Upon Them.
Famous Cases Where Persons Unwittingly Helped Science.
SO ancient is c aphorism relating
to the several ways in which great
ness is attained that its repetition
here is unnecessary. Greatness, in
one respect at least, consists in per
forming or being the subject of some
action by reason of which - - individual
is brought prominently before the pub-
especial purpose by Pope Alexander 111,
the Knights of the Holy Sepulcher,
which is still in existence, though not
numerous. The members are appointed
by the Pope as guardian father and by
the Patriarch of Jerusalem. The Latiij
Patriarch of Jerusalem is grand
master, and it is reasonable to suppose
that being directly under his eye, as it
wore, and those of the Greek and Ar
menian patriarchs, who also have
lie and has his or her name transmitted
to future generations.
The greatness to which this article
refers was, without doubt, a gift un
willingly thrust upon its subjects. Alex
is St. Martin, whose name is familiar
to every student of physiology, was a
young Canadian, who until he reached
by the people, California, would rise to
greater heights of excellence and pros
perity than ever before.
* • *
JOHN f\. B. WILSON, D, D.,
Pa»tor Howard
Street M. E
Church.
T FAVOR a Sabba th law and a very
I strict one. I think the criminal
X statistics will furnish a sufficient
justification for this position. If
we are to be healthy and strong phys
ically we must meet the conditions con
ducive thereunto; if we are to be moral,
upright and law-abiding time must be
taken to meet the conditions of instruc
tion, companionship and inspiration
thereunto. After six days of seculariza
tion we need one day in which to un
secularize or to unanimalize ourselves;
to put ourselves under the discipline
which pertains to a higher life. A Sab
bath-observing people are always a
law-abiding people, with a very small
percentage of crime.
The blue laws of Connecticut, of
which so much is said, never had an
existence. There were strict laws, with
severe penalties, which kept the con
scienceless from trespassing on the
rights of their neighbors with con
sciences. And when and where has
such a stalwart, upright, liberty-loving,
prosperous people been found on the
face of the earth? Compare any popu
lation trained under Sabbath laws with
a people trained without them and the
contrast will furnish a sufficient argu
j ment for a Sabbath legally protected.
I think no other State in the Union
is without a legal Sabbath; certainly
no other in which I have resided, and
the age of 18, pursued the even tenor
of his way '"far from the busy world's
ignoble strife." lie was a hunter and
trapper in the employ of the American
Fur Company, and being robust, hearty
and of good constitution, would, prob
ably, have lived out his v- ventful life
in happy obscurity but for an accident
which occurred upon the 6th of June,
chapels within the precincts of the
church, the care of the holy place
would be most assiduous, reverend .-md
cleanly. Not so, however. The
prardianship is intrusted to the soldiers
of the Sultan, and it is a matter of no
small surprise to nilerims and tourist
visitors to see these seated on cushions
in a recess at the entrance smoking
their pipes, lolling at ease or sleeping
as if they were in a bazaar or cafe.
1822. On the morning of the day in
question, the sky being bright and clear
and circumstances appearing favorable
for sport, St. Martin concluded to ffo
duck shooting. While thus engaged his
fowling piece was accidentally dis
charged. The charge, consisting of
powder and duck shot, entered his left
side, carrying away the skin and mus
the comparison is by no means in favor
of California.
I would not make men religious by
law, nor would I make them honest by
law, or non-murderous by law; but I
would place legal safeguards about the
right to be moral and religious if one
wants to be, with severe penalties
for any infringement of these God
given and constitutionally guaranteed
rights, which are included in the right
to life, liberty and the pursuit of hap
piness mentioned in the declaration of
rights upon which this republic was
founded.
But what right has the poor man, the
employe, to a conscience, and how
does the State guard his interests? I
meet men every day who deplore the
fact that they must violate the sanctity
of the Lord's day or lose their posi
tions. "Work on Sabbath or get your
time."
When the workingman consented to
let his holy day be a holiday he lost
both, and what little remains will be
taken from him unless he makes a fight
for its sanctity.
E. McCLISr-j. A. M. D*D..
President Uni
versity of the
Pacific.
"The Sabbath is made for man. By
this statement from our Lord I under
stand that man is so made and the
world in which he lives Is so made that
he requires periodic rest for the fullest
I and most wholes^ne realization of his
i nature. This I believe can be shown to
be required by the natural laws written
In man's constitution, but 'natural
law," says Agassiz "is only the con
stant method of the divine activity."
cles from an area as large as the hand;
fracturing and removing the anterior
half of the sixth rib, fracturing the
fifth rib, lacerating the lower part of
the left lung and diaphragm and per
forating the stomach.
Dr. Beaumont of the United States
army saw the case in thirty minutes
after the accident, and under skillful
care the patient, in the course of a
year, recovered his general health.
St. Martin, after his recovery, per
formed all the duties of a common la
borer, and remained in the service of
Dr. Beaumont for some years. He mar
ried in due time, became the father of
several children, and finally died at the
ripe old age of 80 years. The fame of
St. Martin rests altogether upon the
fact that the wound in his stomach
healed in such a manner as to leave an
opening about two inches in circumfer
ence, over which a valvular fold of
membrane formed, and through which,
by pushing aside the fold, the process
of digestion could be observed.
Dr. Beaumont was thus enabled to
perform many experiments, and to add
much to our knowledge of digestive ■
processes, the ideas of which were, at
that time, indefinite and confused. St.
Martin was presented before medical
associations at Washington, D. C, and
other large cities, where the experi
ments of Dr. Beaumont were repeated
and his conclusions verified.
No doubt this humble Canadian lad,
•who had greatness thrust upon him in
such a violent and painful manner, has
contributed more to the good of hu
manity than many whose names are
familiar In the annals of history.
We will now turn our attention to
another eminent character, Phineas T.
Gage.
In the year 1855 Phineas T. Gage, 25
years of age, met with an accident
which has placed his name above that
of plain, everyday individuals, and
given him a permanent position in sur
gical records.
Young Gage was employed in stone
blasting, and by the premature explo
sion of a charge a crowbar, three and a
half feet long, weighing thirteen
pounds, was shot through his head.
The implement entered the mouth at
the angle of the left jaw, passed up
ward and backward, and made its exit
through the superior cranial vault. It
was picked up some distance away,
covered with blood and brains. In its
course the crowbar passed through the
optic nerve, the anterior portion of the "
corpus callosum, carrying away more
ti two ounces of brain matter,
range to say, that although stunned
the moment by the accident, Gage
shortly able to walk home and up
a flight of stairs, still retaining his
senses so that he could give an intelli
gent account of the occurrence. He
ultimately recovered his health and
normal mental condition, and was en
gaged in hard labor up to the time of
his death, twelve years later.
lUs wonderful recovery attracted uni
rsal attention, and Ranney remarks
ectures on Nervous Diseases, page
"The American crowbar case at
;e became famous. It startled the
nds of the reading public and con
founded the medical fraternity. • • •
R! case may be said to have been the
ting point of a new epoch in medi
science. It rendered untenable all
ious hypotheses that had been ad
vanced regarding the oreran or the
mind. It proved conclusively that lit
tle or nothing was known at that tiino
respecting the architecture of the brain
of man and the functions of its com
ponent parts." And so Phineas T.
Gage has become famous as the hero of/
the "American Crowbar Case."
Alexandrine Labrosse was a Frencl < __
child, who died at the age of 11. Hei*lH
name is associated with our knowledge
of the functions of the cerebellum. She
was unable to stand alone until live
years old, she walked, but unsteadily,
at the age of seven, and was always in-
secure on her legs. She was deficient
in intelligence and could not speak dis
tinctly, merely mumbling incoherently.
She spent the greater part of her shDit
life in a recumbent position.
It would appear at first thought very
improbable that this pitiful imbecile
could contribute anything to the wel
fare of humanity, and it would seem
that, since she had been born, her early
death was most fortunate. Still, al
though we may marvel at it, perver
sions of nature sometimes teach truths
of value, both to present and future
generations.
The notable fact which perpetuates
the name of Alexandrine Labrosse is
that upon dissection she was found to
have no cerebellum. Deductions from
this peculiar abnormal condition es
tablished the function of the cerebel
lum in presiding over equilibrium and
other important features.
Laura Bridgeman of Boston lost
every special sense save that of touch
as the result of a severe attack of ill
ness. By this sense alone she .^as
taught to read, write, sew, knit, con
struct fancy articles and perform many
other tactile functions. She was ablei
to recognize those with whom she was
acquainted by grasping a sleeve or
some part of their garments.
Truly, greatness, such as has been
acquired in the ways related above, is
not an honor to be sought: and if so
be, may we live in obscurity rather
than have our memory perpetuated by
our infirmities.— Lyman Watkins, M.D.,
in California Medical Journal.
1. For health of his body man needs
a periodic rest. In the long run man
and beast can accomplish more by rent
ing one day in seven than by working
every day.
2. For the cheerfulness and greatest
clearness and sanity of the mind man
requires periodic rest, or change whicii
Is mental rest.
3. For the cultivation and exercise of
those higher sensibilities reverence
hope, love and faith in worship, and
for religious instruction and benevo
lent activity man needs periodic rest
*< 4 ' Fo , r J- he cultiva tion of the ameni
ties of home— the domestic affections
the laborer who spends the hours from
6 in the morning to 6 in the evening
from home needs periodic rest to re
main in the circle of his family. The
family is the unit of society. On it=«
love and purity depends the strength
and beauty of the social fabric.
As for the law or ordinance for gov
erning in the affairs of such a day, I
suppose it would determine:
1. When the day should begin and
end.
2. The exceptions to the rule for ceas-
Jng all kinds of work.
3. The hour at which death traps
saloons and low and dangerous resorts
—close and open. Say at 7 o'clock on,
Saturday evening and at 6 o'clock Mon
day morning. At present many men
spend during these hours their week's
earnings in these traps.
4. A penalty for violation of the law.
The object of such a law is not to make
men good, but f o prevent their being
ground down by constant toil till they
lose courage and ideals, and to closs j
the death traps that open for the care- i
less or thoughtless when they are fr«e I
from tolLHow a San Francisco Girl Tried to See the Pope
By Genevieve Green.
Special to the Sunday Call.
THE Consul at Rome bowed low
with true Italian politeness. Aa
these Italian hows are beautiful
things and are not generally
affected by foreigners. I was
marveling at the grace and clever
ness of the Consul when the gen
tleman spoke, and I marveled no
more. His English bore an unmistak
able accent and I learned that the Con
ful was a full-blooded Italian. A "soft"
and beautiful position, is not. to live
thus among his own people with an an
nuity of American dollars — and a few
American dollars go a deliciously long
ways in Italy!
"What can I do for you?" ti.e Consul
paid, American, at least, in that resnoct
that he proceeded at once to business.
Pnmehow I experienced a temporary
embarrassment. If I had ever thought
about a Consul in all my life before it
had been vaguely in connection with
stranded foreigners, in getting people
out of jail and things of that sort, and
for the moment something akin to guilt
suffused me.
"I have brought letters from a num
ber of Americans," I hastened to say.
anxious to get beyond the moments of
puspicion and producing my imposing
budget. Surely nobody could fail to be
Impressed by this array. Here glorious
tr> behuld were gold seals and red rib
bons attesting most magn : flcently that
i « ;i« myself. I had carried these
th.nss about for six months without
ever having produced them, my hu
mility having had something to do
with the deep seclusion in which
I had guarded them. Nothing less
than being the champion rifle shot
or the star trapeze performer of the
great Wild West could justify the
glory of those seals and ribbons. But
now my anxiety was great and the
splendid documents were unveiled.
"I am very anxious to see the Pope."
I proceeded to say after my identity
had been sufficiently established. "Will
you tell me what I must do, how to go
about it, in short what wires must be
manipulated?"
"The wires," he answered, "must be
all ecclesiastical. This is one place
■where political wires do not connect.'
I must acknowledge that the Consul
did not employ the telephonic meta
phor, but the idea was the same. He
gave me to understand that the rep
resentatives of the United States have
absolutely no influence with the Pope
or the high ecclesiastical authorities.
Officially ignored by America, Leo XIII
officially ignores all of the representa
tives of the United States. Nearly all
of the nations of the earth send special
embassadors to the Pope. America not
doing likewise receives none of the
Papal consideration and Papal consid
eration is very important in Rome.
In fact, it requires a visit to the
"Eternal City" to realize the import
ance of the Pope. People who have
never thought about it before inevit
ably feel it after a few days in Rome.
Go out to the Coliseum and you see
on the walls the name of Pius IX,
Pontifex Maximus. Look on the top
of Trajan's column and behold Saint
Peter, the Pope, the mighty key in his
hand. On Hadrian's tomb you see the
name of Urban V, Pontifex Maximus.
On every monument of antiquity, on
everything that is worth looking at in
Rome is the stamp of the Pope. You
cannot escape it. it is everywhere,
above you, around you, below you, and
even were your eyes blinded to all of
it that may be seen, you still could not
(scape it, for it is yet in the hearts of
tii. people.
"Who was Garibaldi?" I asked a Ro
man youngster one day, with an Italian
lady for interpreter.
"I know," he said gleefully, the light
dancing in his divine Italian eyes. "He
is the big stone man riding the big
etone horse on top of Janiculan hill."
And who was Victor Emanuel?"
"Oh, ho is a stone man too," he said,
losing interest in the catechism and
starting to run away.
"But wait a minute, young man," I
persisted, "tell me who is Leo XIII?" .
Instantly the brown eyes became
periou:-! with unspeakable awe.
"He is the best man in the world," he
answered. I know that the answer has
beauty and even more simile in Italian,
but such was the way in which it was
translated. Had he said the greatest
man ip the world, rather than the best,
I thinK he would have come nearer ex
pressing the true Italian sentiment, for
people, as near as I can judge, are more
Impressed by the mightiness than by
the virtue of the Pope. In spite of the
temporal downfall, to them he is still
the king of the world and greater than
any king of the world could ever be,
regulating, as he does from their point
of view, even eternal destiny. One day
in Rome I experienced a variety of
emotions when I saw a cardinal riding
down the street clad in a superb scar
let gown, his lackies gorgeous to behold,
the chains jingling on his prancing
steeds. My first emotion was something
like indignation. Did Christ or St. Pe
ter or St. Paul or anybody else, whom
he is supposed to emulate, give him
the precedent for such magnificence?
And here in Italy, where the people are
picking your pockets and deforming
their own children that they might
more successfully beg for bread! But
then I noticed the attitude of the peo
ple on the sidewalk— they were im
pressed, there was no doubt of it. A
cardinal was a great dignitary, it was
fitting that he should have scarlet
gowns and prancing steeds. Should he
walk barefoot through the streets his
power would be gone and a mite of the
Pope's power would be gone with it.
After all, nobody ever accused the
Catholic church of stupidity, and If the
Cardinal rides out with liveried lack
ies and jingling chains it is probably
POPE LEO XIII PREPARING TO BESTOW Th|E BLESSING.
From a Picture Taken by the Biograph.
the wisest thing that he could do. In
contrast with this incident I remember
that in San Francisco I once saw the
Archbishop offer his place in a street
car to a woman whom I believed was
a servant. Being a gentleman and an
American, of course, he could not have
done otherwise, but I recollect that the
thing was not entirely pleasing. It
seemed almost as great a swing of the
pendulum in one direction as th£ Car
dinal's magnificence was in the other.
However, one circumstance was in
Italy, the other in America. The Cardi
nal. I do not doubt, is as good a poli
tician as the Archbishop and the Arch
bishop quite as good a politician as the
Cardinal. In each case the wisest thing
possible was probably done.
But to return to the Consul. "If you
are really very anxious to see the
Pope," he continued, "I can suggest
only one certain way of obtaining an
audience."
"And what may that be?" I asked
eagerly, feeling a little encouraged.
"Should you announce that you in
tend to make him a present, I thinjs
that the thing could be brought about."
"What sort of a present?" I inquired,
thinking vaguely of prayer-books and
rosaries.
"Well, that is hard to say," the Con
sul answered thoughtfully. "Something
in the region of $2000 might do."
"Do you mean dollars?" I asked,
faintly. "American dollars?" The pos
sibility that he might have meant
francs gave me a chance to recover in
installments. "Yes, I meant dollars,"
he answered. "I should put the mini
mum at about as many francs. You
know the Pope is entirely dependent
on the offerings made to him. He is
particularly anxious for contributions
just at present since he is building a
church to his patron, Saint Gioacchino,
and I believe has not enough money to
finish it."
Yes, I had seen Saint Gloacchino's,
the beautiful little Romanesque church
that la the pride of Leo's heart. Spring
ing up so new and bright in the midst
of venerable Rome it is like a gay flow
er on a vast old ruin. It is cheering,
certainly, but after all superfluous. It
would never have been missed had it
failed to develop. It is the three hun
dred and sixty-sixth church in Rome.
Every day in the year has throughout
many years had its church in the Eter
nal City and now even the poor little
29th of February is represented.
"It Is a shame that the Pope cannot
finish his church," I continued to the
Consul, and then I pondered deepiy.
Should I swim back to America that a
small piece of an arch might be con
structed in Saint Gioacchino's?
"Are there no -*'ier n.ethods that one
might pursue to see the Pope?" I in
quired. "You have stated the idea of a
present as a certainty. Can you not
suggest a possibility or two?"
"Yes," he said thoughtfully, "I will
give you a letter to Mgr. O'Connell, an
American priest of considerable influ
ence. You might interview him and see
what he can do for you."
Accordingly the letter was written,
the lackey called a cab for me and I
began my quest of Mgr. O'Connell.
Apropos of cabs, one becomes spoiled
in Rome for evermore. The best cab in
Rome may be had for fifteen American
cents, or for 10 cents if one takes the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1898.
trouble to make an arrangement.
A short cut across the Quirinal Hill,
past the palace of the King, and I
.found myself at the house of Mgr.
O'Connell. A couple of stupid looking
Italians were scrubbing the stones in
the court. This discovery was a valu
able one to me. I learned that the
scrubbing brush had been Introduced
into Italy, which I would never have
believed had I not seen it with my own
eyes. However, I recollected suddenly
that this was not the house of an
Italian. There being no one else in
sight I approached the scrubbers and
asked if this were the abode of Mgr.
O'Connefl. They simultaneously shook
their heads. "Well, I know it is," I
said, impatiently, and then it occurred
to me that there must be an Italian
twirl on the pronunciation of O'Connell,
but what in the world could it be! I
accented the last syllable in real
French fashion; that producing no ef
fect I ran the O and the Conneh all in
together, then I accented the O, but
the scrubbers looked more and more
stupid. I was becoming desperate when
I heard a beautiful deep voice saying in
real Irish- American English: "Is some
one looking for me," and there was
Father O'Connell himself, stout and
hearty, ruddy of visage, genial, good
natured. I was inordinately glad to see
him, he was so entirely American; not
with the Stars and Stripes and the
Fourth of July Americanism, but rather
with the St. Patrick's day
ism, which is, after all, just as repre
sentative of our country. Indeed the
Goddess of Liberty herself could not
have" seemed more of a compatriot to
me than did Father O'Connell.
"Come in," he said, in his hearty,
agreeable way. "You are an American,
I can tell. I am always glad to see
Americans. Sit down now and tell me
how you like Rome."
Ah, Father O'Connell, when I think
of your kind and generous face, of the
ring of friendship and sincerity in your
deep, sonorous voice, and of the
genius that you have for inspiring con
fidence, I lament that you are buried
thus in iiome, The Italians do not
need to be slapped upon the back, to be
called "old boy" and manipulated
with the power of good fellowship. Let
the Cardinal stun them with his mag
nificence or trample them into submis
sion under the hoofs of his fiery steeds,
you belong to America, to Democratic
politics! There . your minions would
wield a club on every street corner,
the voices of your orators would re
sound in halls of legislation, your
"lambs" would be innumerable. Verily,
Democracy should have wept the day
that you forsook America!
"Oh, I adore Rome," I replied to his
question. "Everybody does, at least
everybody says so. However, I have
not yet seen the Pope, r*nd I am simply
consumed with such a desire."
"Of course, you want to see the
Pope," said Father O'Connell, "of course
you do, and I will see what can be done
about it. How long will you be here?"
"I had planned to leave next Mon
day," I answered, "but I can stay
longer if it would be necessary."
"No; don't change your arrange
ments. If it can be done at all, Sun
day will be the day. I will make an
effort to obtain an invitation for you,
and if successful the card will reach
you Saturday night."
Then I chatted with Father O'Con
nell a few minutes and went forth
feeling content with myself and all the
world. I was very sure that the in
vitation would come. I could not doubt
Father O'Connell's power and I did not
choose to doubt his sincerity. It
was so agreeable to think that he was
taking a real personal interest in me,
not because there was any particular
reason why he should do so, but simply
because he was himself and I was my
self, and it A#as nice to do agreeable
things and to be friendly and to ac
commodate Americans! Alas, the de
luding.effect of human egotism! lam
now convinced that Father O'Connell
never thought of me after I emerged
from his domain. This conviction, of
course, did not come until after Sat
urday night. When I arrived at my
hotel I confided to my landlady that I
should probably see the Pope on Sun
day. It was. perhaps, not a wise
thing to do, for I think she passed a
sleepless night trying to devise a way
of raising my board, thinking me, of
course, a personage of superior import
ance. Perhaps she imagined that I
had accomplished it by the $2000
method. At any rate, I received from
that time on many marked attentions
from the lady. Saturday morning at
STORTING ON A SHORT WOLK— PAPAL GUARDS IN ATTENDANCE.
From a Picture Taken by the Biograph.
dejeuner she asked me quite cordially
if I had bought my veil. "What veil?"
I inquired. "Why, your veil to see the
Pope. Don't you know that no lady
may appear before the Pope without a
black dress and a black veil?"
No, I didn't know it. I had never
heard of such a thing and behold. I
had neither the dress nor the veil. I
remembered having seen a sign over
a certain store readir" "Veils to see the
Holy Father." It had attracted my at
tention at the time, hut I had not un
derstood It and had paid no further at
tention. Th« veil part of it was there
fore easy. 1 could find this store and
bviv one of these ;..fairs, whatever they
might be — but the black dress! This
was Saturday morning and I had noth
ing whatever that would answer the
purpose. Must I give up the idea of
seeing the Pope after the important
part had been achieved? No. I would
not. I would have a black dress if it
cost me all my fortune, and so I began
a shopping expedition in Rome. Many
a wail has gone forth that Rome has
been spoiled by the Introduction of
modern ideas, but be It known that as
far as modes are concerned, the lament
is entirely superfluous. The garments
that I excavated in the stores of the
"Eternal City" must have been left
over from the time of the Middle Ages.
I should have been quite content with
a relic of the classical period, some
thing in the tunic order, for example,
with arm holes and a girdle, and I
searched among the grim old piles with
all the ardor of a hoary archeaologist.
But a clearance sale had probably oc
curred about the time of Constantine.
I found nothing to reward my labor
and in sheer desperation I pulled out a
weird confection and tried it on. Who
ever invented the tall American woman
never intended her to wear "store"
clothes— that is certain. The skirt was
a mile too short, it hitched in the back,
it sagged in the sides. It was every
thing that it shouldn't have been, and
the corsage I shall never undertake to
describe.
"Bella, signorina," exclaimed the
saleswoman, as she gazed upon me in
quite a transport of joy and admira
tion, and then murmured something
about a "bella roba."
"Yes, this 'bella roba' I want to get
off just as quick as I can!" I reiterated
In matter of fact English. "For good
ness" sake, find me a black silk shirt
waist, let out the hem of this beautiful
skirt as far as it will go, put a ruffle on
it, do anything to it, and send the
whole thing to my address."
The shirt waist idea was not a sud
den one. Blessed be he who devised
this omnipresent affair! It had really
been my first notion, but had seemed a
little neglige for the august presence
of Leo XIII. However, never emerging
from the Vatican the Pope was prob
ably not an authority on styles, and I
hoped would not recognize the inele
gance of my costume. The black dress
off from the list I proceeded to select
a veil and here my joy knew no bounds.
The veils were Spanish mantillas, those
lovely, fetching things that would
make beauties of any woman on earth.
"You arrange your hair very hierh
with a tortoise shell comb." said the
saleslady, "drape your veil like this."
illustrating over her own wavy locks,
"and there you are!" It was ravishing!
Now my anxiety to visit the Vatican
was doubled. The becomingness of
this adorable veil would more than
compensate for the hang of my skirt.
Till late that night I continued to ex
pect the missive from Father O'Con
nell, but, to employ the language of
that pathetic classic, "the letter that I
longed for never came." Like a bride
who had awaited when the bridegroom
cometh not, I silently laid aside my
veil and packed away my ruffled dress-
Bkirt, feeling unutterable disappoint
ment. The dress-skirt still possesses a
certain sort of interest, an archaeolog
ical interest, I might say. Whenever I
look at it hanging somberly from its
peg. it suggests a new chapter on "An
cient Rome in the Light of Recent Ex
cavations."
"You will come again," said my sym
pathizing landlady, endeavoring to al
leviate my disappointment, "and there
will always be a Pope."
Wisely said! No sane person could
doubt that there will always be a
Pope, but there will not always be a
Leo XIII, and my interest, I must con
fess, had been more direct than gen
eral.
That refined, perfectly intellectual
face, keen with wisdom, yet soft with
spirituality, has always Interested me
as thoroughly as the face of Julius Cae
sar, of Napoleon and of Gladstone. But
now I know that I shall never behold it.
for he, the peerless statesman of Ca
tholicism, is passing away. Already at
Rome there are whispered speculations
about a successor and the voices are
quite in tune for the fickle refrain of
"Long live me King." with all of its
mournful prelude.
GENEVIEVE GREEN.
• •••••
POPE LEO XIII has posed for his
picture before an American bio
graph. Seventeen thousand per
fect pictures have been taken
and when thrown on the screen
in the usual manner of rapid succession
his Holiness appears moving about in
the most natural manner.
A glimpse of these pictures is almost
as good as a trip to Rome and a per
sonal visit to the Pope in the Vatican.
The obtaining of these pictures is the
most important piece of work of the
nature that has yet been done. The
work was done by the American Muto
scope Company, which accomplished
the desired result when companies from
every civilized country in the world had
tried for it and failed.
The 17,000 pictures are divided into
several series, showing the Pope in dif
ferent acts. Two of the series show
his Holiness in his sedan chair as his
bearers were carrying him through the
logia or corridor leading from the Vati
can to the Sistine Chapel, whither he
went the morning of April 20, this year,
to celebrate pontifical mass and to give
an audience to a band of pilgrims. The
third series, made on the same day.
shows the Pontiff driving in his landau
in the gardens of the Vatican, and be
stowing his apostolic blessing. In the
fourth series, taken some weeks later,
his Holiness is walking in the garden
opposite the door of the villa, and the
last series shows the Holy Father
alighting from his carriage and sitting
on the old stone bench in the garden,
and again bestowing a blessing. All
display the brilliant entourage of Papai
state, the Swiss, Noble and Palatine
guards, the gendarmes anu firemen
with wonderful vividness.
An American, William Kennedy-
Laurie Dickson, took these pictures. He
was four months in Rome before he had
made much more progress than to learn
in a general way where the Vatican
was. He carried on his negotiations
through the chief officer of the Papal
court. Count Sodarini, but his mission
would have failed had it not been for
the friendly aid of Count Pecci, the
Pope'B nephew, and an officer of the
Pope's household, who is now on his
way to the United States.
By dint of careful explanation of his
purpose and the exercise of his ability
in diplomacy, together with letters of
recommendation from men of high
standing in the church, Mr. Dickson
established claim to recognition. His
success is without precedent in the his
tory of the Vatican. Nothing like it had
ever been done before, nor had any
such idea been entertained even, for the
policy of the Vatican seems to have
been to hold aloof from actual contact
with the world outside. Despite his age
and the diminished strength natural to
one of his advanced years the Pope has
STRANGE SIGHTS AMONG ANIMALS
IN A CALIFORNIA FOREST FIRE
ONE of the strangest fights ever
witnessed by a man in Califor
nia was seen a few days ago by
T. M. Edwards of Descanso, San
Diego County. Mountain lions,
wolves, wildcats, rabbits, deer and cat
tle even lying down side by side, just
as it is said wild beasts did in the gar
den of Eden/ before Adam and Eve ate
the apple. But in the latter Instance
they had simply become friends in the
face of a common danger.
When Mr. Edwards came upon the
strange group he was the most sur
prised and frightened of the whole
company.
"It was during the last forest fire,"
explained Mr. Edwards, when narrat
ing his experiences, "or I might say to
ward the end of the fire, for we had it
well under control and were sure that
it would soon die out.
"Naturally at this stage my first
thought was for my cattle. Several
had failed to come to the barn when
the fire broke out and I was afraid they
had been suffocated by smoke and fire.
A bunch of my best Jerseys were miss
ing.
"When I started on my search for
them the fire was still burning around
the sides of a -•'mber of thickets, and I
knew that if I found my cattle alive
they would be inside one of these thick-
ets. Accordingly I made my way
through the circles of smoldering brush,
almost blinded by smoke, and com
menced a search through the green
timber.
"At last I came to a thicket that was
In -a gulch. The fire was still burning
fiercely around the outside, but I could
see the green leaves through the smoke
and knew there was room for a whole
herd of cattle on the inside. After con
siderable search I found a place to get
through the smoke and reach a spot
comparatively cool and shady. A little
smoke drifted in, but not enough to
make it inconvenient or unpleasant.
"I at once felt sure that I would find
my cattle here, but I was not at all
prepared to discover the sight that met
me.
"It was while I was dabbling in the
stream that I heard the 'quack' of a
duck. Of course I had no gun, and I
began blaming myself for not bringing
one. Then I eot a glimpse of the cluck
on the water and not at all
frightened at my appearance.
" 'It must be a tame one,' I thought,
a prodigious amount of work to over
see. He has no time in his loner day —
seldom less than eighteen hours of
activity— to devote to trivial matters.
Only affairs of great importance war
rant his attentions, and his physicians
are rigorous in their precautions guard
ing against undue excitement and exer
tion.
In eight years the Pope had not had
a picture taken. The strain of sitting
before a camera was unnecessary, they
said, and he himself was loath to do it.
Yet, here comes an American who is
not even a communicant <>f the church,
and asks permission to take 17,000 with
a machine that roars like a locomotive,
and requires elaborate rehearsals in or
der that the work be done successfully.
How preposterous! How American!
But "all things come to him who
waits." even Papal acquiescence, and
Mr. Dickson waited.
Nor was acquiescence ever given with
more pent!.' courtesy. "There is not a
more lovable man in all the world,"
says Mr. Dickson. in speaking of his
meeting with Leo. "He wins your whole
heart instantly, and you are glad of it."
Some weeks after taking his first
series of pictures Mr. Dickson was in
the Vatican Gardens taking pictures of
the euards. When the Holy Father ap
peared. Instantly all knelt. His Holi
ness, seeing the instrument and its
manipulator, asked if the gentleman
were not the same one he had seen
there before. "The same, your Holi
ness." replied Count Pocci. Straightway
the Pope called Mr. Dickson to him and
put himself at his disposal voluntarily.
Of course, the photographer was de
lighted, especially as he had just re
ceived from London some prints of the
series he had taken in April. He showed
these to the Pope and they pleased his
Holiness immensely. "Wonderful! Won
derful!" he exclaimed. "See me bless
ing", and"— turning to Delia Vope —
"now, will you look?" He sat for a half
hour talking about the pictures.
and went up close to it. Strange to
Bay, it made no effort to get out of my
way, but allowed me to pick it up. I
saw it was a wild duck as soon as I ex
amined its wings. Then I saw sev
eral others and they all behaved the
same way. A wild goose waddled out
in front of me and a flock of wild pig
eons flew around and roosted on the
branches of trees, where I could touch
them.
"I felt bewildered, and thought I
must have gotten into an enchanted
forest. It was a most novel sensation
and I spent some time amusing myself
with the different birds. \
"However, that was not finding my
cattle, so I continued irr- way up the
stream for a few hundred feet. Then
I met a sight that simply astounded
me. I stopped and rubbed my eyes, to
make sure I was not asleep. Then I
got frightened and" was half tempted
tn run back. But the memory of the
strange actions of the wild ducks and
geese only a few minutes previously
nerved me somewhat. If it had not
been that I had seen them first I most
surely would have run away and ever
afterward would have made myself be
lieve that I had been the victim of an
hallucination.
"As it was, I made my way Into the
opening in the forest and looked about
me in wonderment. A big jackrabbit
loped up. to me and rubbed his nose
against my knees.
"The opening in the forest was full
of wild animals, and three of my Jer
seys were peacefully chewing their
cuds. It was a sight that reminded
me of the Bible story of the garden of
Eden.
"At the foot of a pine tree was a large
gray wolf and beside him three sheep,
all apparently contented. A big eyed
deer wandered up to me, with a moun
tain lion close to his heels. There was
also a big wildcat lying beside a rab
bit. A coyote with a broken leg looked
at me piteously, and when I stooped
down to look at the fracture it licked
my hand.
"Not one of the animals was any
more afraid of me than my Jersey cows
were. The jackrabblts allowed me to
pick them up and. put them on tha
cows' back, and I believe I could have
played with the mountain lion, but I
did not care to run too great risks.
"The wildcat was purring when I
went by her. I could see that she had
the claws turned in so as not to scratch.
"While I was still standing in wonder
ment some of the ducks and geese wan
dered into the opening, but even the
ferocious wildcat showed no desire to
harm them.
"I knew that the way I had come into
the thicket was also a good way to get
out. Accordingly I placed my hand on
one of the cow's necks and led her in
that direction.
"What was my surprise to see all the
other anfmals in the thicket get up and
follow us. That is, all except the poor
coyote with the broken leg. It wailed a
little as we went past it, but nothing
could be done; it had to be left be
hind.
"The big eyed deer walked on one
side of me and the cows on the other.
Rabbits, wolves, sheep, ducks and
geese and the wildcat and all the bal
ance of them walked close behind ua
and must have made a strange proces
sion indeed.
"Once outside the burning thicket,
however, and into the open country
free from fire, and what a wonderful
change came over the beasts! The deer
instantly bounded away to the hills;
the birds flew into the air; there was
screaming and commotion, and the
wildcat made a leap for a rabbit, but
the little fellow was too quick for him
and bounded away over the field. My
cows at once became frightened and
galloped for the ranch as fast as their
legs could carry them.
1920
UNCLE SAM WILL TRY AND CONSTRUCT AN AIRSHIP
The Government Has Set Aside $25,000 for the Use of
Professor Langiey of the Smithsonian Institution, and
Has Commissioned Him to Do His Best to Construct
a Successful Air Ship. Professor Langiey Ranks
Among the Highest of the Experimenters Who Are
Trying to Solve the Problem of Aerial Navigation.
PROFESSOR S. P. LANGLEY'S AERODROME IN FLIGHT.— From d Photograph.
This flying machine is said to represent the greatest advance toward aerial navigation that has been invented to date. Professor Langley will use it to start his experiments for the
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3. — The Government has given Professor Lang
ley a monopoly for the building of a flying machine. General
Greely will send out to-morrow letters to all applicants in whic-h
he quotes the language of the appropriation, the important words
<>f which are: "For construction, development and testing of a fly
ing machine under special direction of Professor Langley, the expenditure to
be made through the Chief Signal Officer of the army."
The money, $25,000, is now to the credit of Professor Langley, who is ex
pected to bmiti Bhortly the construction of a machine that will carry a direc
tive force or engineer. Major Crozier, the expert of the War Department,
said to-day that Professor Langley's model at a test on the Potomac near
Quantico had actually flown two miles, raising itself and moving horizont
ally until the motive power had been exhausted. Major Crozier said fur
ther:
"The problem now is to construct the airship, the model having done
the work proposed for it. I do not know, of course, what the result of the
greater experiment will be. What seems to be required is the storage of a
greater amount of force within the least weight. In other words, there must
be an intelligent force in the machine for its direction."
T, HE United States Government
has started building experiment
al flying machines, and in that
and associated facts lies a ra
tional expectation that naviga
tion of the air will be a practical real
ization of the comparatively near
future.
When a man first safely travels a
few miles in a flying machine, regardless
of air currents, the realization will have
come, for the further distance to com
mercial practicability will soon be tray-
FAVORITE HEROES OF THE WAR TATTOOED ON THE ARMS OF ENTHUSIASTIC SOLDIERS AND SAILORS.
Special to The Sunday Call.
S CORES of jack tars in the North
Atlantic squadron wear Admiral
George Dewey on their left arms
above the elbow. It is a por
trait tattooed in green and red
and if the tar happened to be flush
when the pricking was done it is sur
rounded by a wreath with the stars and
stripes entwined. Measured by tattoo
ing, Dewey is by far the most popular
man in the navy, with "Fighting Bob"
Evans a close second. There are also a
few Sampsonß, a Philip, a Schley and
any numbpr of "Liberty" and "The
Man Behind the Gun."
Indeed, since the war began the navy
and army of the United States has been
expressing its enthusiasm in the red and
blue skin pictures of the tattooer to a
degree hitherto unknown. Some of the
designs used are most extensive and re
markable.
One seaman who came to Samuel
O'ReiUy. the artist of Chatham square,
■wanted a picture of the battle of San
tiago pricked into his chest. Mr.
O'Reilly is a Yankee in spite of his
name, and he has invented a wonderful
United States Government, for which Congress has just advanced him $25,000.
eled by inventive genius and indomit
able enterprise. Nothing: that man has
achieved in scientific and mechanical
ways has ever worked so profound a
revolution in the world as will quickly
attend aerial navigation.
At the last session of Congress an
appropriation of $25,000 was given in
aid of experiments in aerial navigation,
and it was expressly stipulated that it
should be expended by Professor S. C.
Langley of the Smithsonian Institution
through the Chief Signal Officer. The
other day this money was placed at
i little electric machine which tattoos
t a picture in a single day that would
i require weeks by the old hand process.
1 Mr. O'Reilly had never seen a battle
i picture tattooed, but being an artist at
I heart he told the seaman very prompt
i ly that he would illustrate him in col
i ors. Accordingly he purchased a news
paper containing photographic repro
i ductions of the American fleet as sta
; tioned off Santiago harbor, and pictures
' of the Spanish ships as they appeared
I after the fight. He ascertained that an
j engineering officer holding the rank of
i lieutenant, and temporarily stationed
i on the Brooklyn, had drawn detailed
sketches for the use of the Government,
showing the various positions assumed
by our ships and by the enemy from
I the time the battle began until after
; Cervera surrendered. In some way he
I managed to secure a set of these offi
cial drawings, which he showed mo;
t and then he outlined the design as it
; would look when tattooed on the sail
i or's body.
"The seaman came around on time,
and I set to work with electric needles
and inks," Mr. O'Reilly adds, "and I
worked in the hills at the entrance of
the -harbor, with the Morro frowning
on one side, and then Cervera's ships
coming out and running down the coast
with our fleet chasing them and firing.
It was a long time before this difficult
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1898.
Professor Langley's disposal, and he
will now proceed to carry out on a
larger scale the remarkable experi
ments which he conducted privately for
many years, resulting in the discovery
of certain principles of flight and in an
"aerodrome" — a steam-driven flying
machine of steel and canvas — which re
peatedly flew a distance of three-quar
ters of a mile and was the first flying
machine capable of actual and inde
pendent flight which man had created.
This initial success gave him world
wide fame and pointed to the way
which' other inventors must follow to
reach success. This was two years
ago. He said then that he had demon
strated the principles and possibilities
of mechanical flight and would aban
don the problem to others. He had
given much of his time for years and
thousands of dollars to the work, and
many thousands were needed to go
further. But now Congress has said,
"Here's a small stake of $25,000, Mr.
Langley; now go ahead." So Professor
Langley will proceed to go ahead, and
it looks as though American genius will
teach mankind to soar with the eagle
and pass the swallow in its flight.
The term "flying machine" has come
to be applied to a contrivance fur flight
in which buoyancy is wholly ignored.
It is tobe sustained in the air wholly
by horizontal planes and given motion
by propellers or possibly flapping
wings. The balloon principle has been
wholly abandoned by experimenters
design was finished; that is, it was long
for electric tattooing. When it was fin
ished that sailor had "the whole battle
of Santiago stretching like a panorama
across the front of his body."
One of those who came to have patri
otic designs placed upon him now bears,
in addition to the regulation picture of
Admiral Dewey on his left arm, a por
trait of General Fitzhugh Lee on his
right arm, and on his chest the Ameri
can and Cuban flags intertwined. The
greater number of customers brought
to the tattoo shop by the war have been
either sailors or naval reserves station
ed on vessels that had seen active serv
ice, and the reserves especially have
been partial to two designs, which are
shown herewith in illustrations, "Lib
erty," and "The Man Behind the Gun."
These two have been and are by all
means the most popular, but a third
favorite is an American eagle with flag
and shield, executed in four colors. A
good many volunteer soldiers, espe
cially from the various troops of Rough
Riders, have had permanent souvenirs
of the war with Spain tattooed upon
them, and of course these are almost
without exception of patriotic nature.
One of the most elaborate examples
of tattooing caused directly by the war
is a huge dragon done in red, green,
yellow, blue and black upon the back of
a man who was stationed on an auxll
with scientific knowledge who recognize
the fact that the great bulk of a buoy
ant car in any form is an impediment
to speed and mobility, and is at the
mercy of the winds.
The soaring machines of Otto Lilien
thal and others, the gliding machines of
Chanute and Herring and somewhat
similar contrivance of Dr. Woelfert
have helped show the possibilities in
this way as well as the dangers of try
ing to fly, for Lilienthal and Woelfert
have both been killed during experi
ments within two years.
But Langley, has taught the world'
more about flying than all the rest and
his accounts of his long experiments
are interesting reading and inspire re
spect for him and for his efforts. When
Langley took up the problem he didn't
go to building a big artificial bird that
he could ride on. He began inquiring
how a bird flies and no man could tell
him a little bit about themystery of
"the way of a bird in the air." He says
that he could get no help from books
when he asked himself years ago if
the problem of human flight was hope
less and absurd. Sir Isaac Newton had
figured out the resistance to advance
through the air and other mathema
ticians have worked out formulae show
ing how enormously power must in
crease with the velocity of flight. He
applied these formulae to a swallow
and found that according to the great
mathematicians a swallow must be as
powerful as a man. Then he watched
iary cruiser. The accompanying illus
tration showing Mr. O'Reilly at work
upon this man is reproduced from a
flashlight photograph. The customer
thought he might be killed before the
war ended and was very anxious to
have upon him some mark of proper
identification. He got it; and he sur
vived the war.
By examining the picture carefully it
may be seen that the tattooer is hold
ing upon the subject's shoulder a curi
ous instrument connected with a wire
that ends in an electric motor upon a
table near by, and the instrument on
the shoulder is an electric tattooer. Un
til half a decade ago Mr. O'Reilly used
for tattooing the ordinary instrument
which had been common property in
Burmah, Japan, the Sandwich Islands
and Chinese Tartary for a thousand
years — in fact, wherever tattooing has
been practiced. This instrument differed
somewhat in form in various lands, but
substantially it was of a single type,
cc-nslsting of four very fine needles
placed close to one another in a row
and bound together very tightly. The
blunt ends were then firmly fixed in a
handle, leaving the pointed ends ex
posed for about a quarter of an inch.
The operator would dip this set of
needles in ink and then prick the skin
of his customer, and fo-ur little holes
would result. Then It would be dipped
hawks soaring in graceful circles and
advancing through the air without
using any power at all. Rules applying
to horses, ships and so on evidently did
not apply up in the air.
So he began a search for first prin
ciples. Twelve years ago he set up at
Allegheny, Pa., a big whirling table,
run by a steam engine and carrying an
arm 100 feet long which could be speed
ed around at seventy miles an hour. AH
sorts of apparatuses and planes were
attached to the end of this arm, drag
ged through the air at varying speeds,
and the power, resistance and behavior
were tested in all sorts of ways for
three years. For instance he attached
a sheet of brass weighing one pound
to the arm by a spring scale. When
suspended still the scale of course
showed a pound of pull by the plate.
When the arm was whirled and the
plate dragged through the air he found
that the scale registered less pull. At
the highest speed the pull was less than
one ounce. In other words he discov
ered that in rapid motion it took but
a fraction as much power to not only
sustain the plate in the air, but to keep
it in motion, and the further new and
strange fact that the faster the motion
the less the power required. He thus
worked out new and valuable scientific
truths and felt his way toward aerial
ilight. All this, of course, related to
"horizontal" movements of planes.
Years of experiment convinced him
that horizontal mechanical ilight was
in ink again and four more holes would
be pricked. This process was repeated
over and over until the design was fin
ished; and a slow, tedious and irritat
ing process it was. Nobody can tell how
long it took to cover the body of the
Greek Captain Constentenus, the first
"tattooed man" who traveled with P.
T. Barnum, but in all probability a
year or two passed away before the
work was finished. When the conveni
ent little electric motors came into gen
eral use Mr. O'Reilly began to think of
some way whereby the slow hand
needle might be improved upon, and
finally he invented and patented his
tattooer, which performs work with
rapidity almost incredibl< . The operat
ing end of this machine onsists of a
single fine needle which is made to dart
in and out of its case at a rate of
speed approaching a thousand strokes
a minute.
The illustration showing the sailor
from the auxiliary cruiser will indicate
clearly how the work is done. The cus
tomer stripped to his waist and Mr.
O'Reilly quickly traced in outline a fig
ure of a large dragon, which was trans
ferred to the bared back by means of a
black carbonized substance. Then the
sailor sat down in a chair, facing its
back, to which he held tightly, so as
to steady himself. This was necessary
for two reasons. The human skin
PROFESSOR S. C. LANGLEY of the Smith
sonian Institute.
From a photograph.
theoretically possible with engines that
could then be built. That was one step.
There were other almost insuperable
difficulties regarding upward and down
ward motion and the acquisition o-f the
"art" of aerial navigation. But it was
plain that the first necessity was high
specd — the higher the easier. This is
one thing that Langley taught, and it
seems to promise that when flying ma
chines fly the petrel will be a laggard
and "lightning express" trains will be
creeping things.
When he finally got to the building
of his first flyer the problem of an
engine of unprecedented lightness in
proportion to power was long worried
over. He wanted one that would
weigh less than ten pounds to the horse
power and a few years ago the average
engine weighed 1000 pounds to the horse
power. Compressed air, electricity and
gas engines were tried and finally
abandoned for a steam engine in which
every economy was sacrificed wholly to
lightness. Engines were made by doz
ens for little aerodromes that worked
wrong and got smashed. These first
flying machines were something like
the last one— the one pictured. They
were driven by propellers set amidships
and with rudders, but they wouldn't
balance in the air and the problem of
i moves easily and is very elastic, and it
] is absolutely necessary in using the
i high-speed needle to avoid making sev
eral punctures at any particular spot
lest the flesh be torn. In other words
i the customer must hold still and the
I operator must keep his needle moving
constantly over the surface.
Years ago sailors were about the only
Americans who thought of being tat
] tooed, and they only because they saw
i people in far-off lands who had been
!so treated. But nowadays a great
many men in different walks of life
bear designs larger or smaller upon
them; and even women not infrequent
' ly have a single flower or initial pricked
| into the skin. One curious development
of recent years, Mr. O'Reilly says, is
I that it is not at all uncommon for a
i man to bring in a design of a crest or
coat of arms to be tattooed in special
colors upon them. Other persons are
tattooed upon the death of a relative,
i or the birth of a child, or to commem
! orate some other misfortune or fortune.
■ Again, many a man or woman will be
tattooed upon entering a religious life,
lor upon reforming from a career of
'■ drunkenness, crime or vice. Nearly al
! ways such persons desire to have
I placed on them a crucifix, or a figure
'of the- Virgin, or a head of Christ. Yet
j others will have sacred emblems tat-
I tooed upon them when there is no need
how to make them balance was one of
many worked out with failure after
failure. Much more was needed than
the mere power to fly. The problems
that arose and the hundreds of experi
ments and failures that attended years
of faithful effort would luake a lons
story even in briefest outline. But fin
ally in 1896 came the success that war
rants the action of Congress.
The flying machine that would really
fly suggested a big dragon fly. There
were two sets of rigid wings, thirteen
feet from tip to tip, made of canvas
and steel rods and attached to a lone
steel rod which was the backbone, to
which were attached two propellers
connected with the engine suspended
from the rod. The furnace was in
front, the coils of the boiler wound
toward the rear and the smoke stack
stuck out behind toward the rudder.
The entire weight of the aerodrome
was thirty pounds and the odd boiler
and engine weighed five pounds, and
would supply one and one-half horse
power for five minutes, driving the
propellers at 1200 revolutions a minute.
The cylinder in front was desfened
merely to keep the machine afloat
when it landed in the water.
When this queer but comparatively
simple flying machine was ready there
were months of trouble in solving the
problem of launching it in the air over
the Potomac River, chosen so that the
machine might land uninjured in water.
Finally a successful apparatus on a
barge was devised.
In 1896 this aerodrome repeatedly
flew from half to three-quarters of a
mile at a speed of thirty miles an hour,
descending in safety to be recovered.
"A miracle!" said wondering witnesses.
A flying machine had at last flown, and
it was the scientific evolution of years.
A thousand problems had been solved,
and the practicability of mechanical. '
flight demonstrated. Langley paused
in triumph and said to the world.
"There are the principles; go ahead."
Now the nation tells him to go ahead
himself.
There is a long- way to go before
mails, men and dynamite will flit about
the upper air, but Langley's success
warrants the faith that our wings have
almost got here. It is not unlikely that
we will fly into the twentieth century
as a past generation steamed into the
nineteenth. ,
for any special reformation, merely as
a part of their growth in religious life.
Of all classes and conditions of men
who are oftenest tattooed, however, the
British sailor stands first. Do you ask
why? I can't tell you, and I don't know
any one who can.
If it is necessary, tattooed designs
can be removed and new flesh and
cuticle will form so that no scars need
be left, it is said. We were speaking
of this, Mr. O'Reilly's assistant and I,
and he carelessly pulled an envelope
out of the desk and slid upon the table
designs of an anchor and a star and
one of Venus, which last was fully five
inches long. They were blackened and
looked as if they had been made of
charred pulp which had been dried un
til stiff and hard.
"The anchor and star once decorated
the hands of a man who is now a New
York policeman," explained Mr. Get
chell, the assistant. "He had passed
all the examinations, but couldn't get
on the force so long as he was tat
tooed, so he came in here and we re
moved the marks. That Venus is from
the arm of another man. I don't know
why he wanted her removed; but he
did. Originally she was more than five
Inches long, but the skin has shrunk
since it was taken off."
HENRY EDWARD ROOD.WAS KEELY A GREAT INVENTOR OR GREAT IMPOSTOR?
John W. Keely, who died in Philadelphia recently, stirred the scien
tific world some twenty-five years ago with a propostion to revolution
ize mechanics by the use of a force called etheric vapor. He an
nounced that he had an engine which went of its own accord. He
called it then a "hydro-pneumatic-pulsating/vacuo engine." He had a
different name for it every year, and he made about three thousand
different engines of the same kind. Engineers, scientific men and cap
italists made fr iuent pilgrimages to Keely's Philadelphia laboratory to
see the "Keely motor mote." Sometimes it "moted" and sometimes it
<lid not. but Keely always had a great tale to tell. He was always go
ing to startle the worid, but never did. Some prominent New Yorkers
took Keely seriously enough to raise $100,000 and form a company to
put his motor on the market. Keely spent $10,000 of this paying his
debts and $60,000 building a worthlless "motor." In 1888 he was com
mltted to jail for contempt of court for refusing to explain to a. com
mittee of experts the working of his machine. Keely Motor stock, when
last sold on the market, March 9, 1879, was quoted at 4Vfe.
WAS John Ernest Worrell
Keely of Philadelphia the
greatest inventor of all
time, or was >c the most
remarkable impostor that
ever lived?
Was he the discoverer of a new nat
ural force or motor more powerful
than steam, that can be put to prac
tical use?
This latter, in brief, was his claim,
and the problem has agitated the »üb
lic mind for twenty-five years. With
th<' death of Keely last week it appears
farth»r from settlement than ever.
Without taking out a single patent or
r< nstructing one really workable ma
chine he organized the Keely Motor
Company, capitalized at $5,000,000. and
ppent $275,000 of other people's money
In machinery.
Keely's alleged discovery was that of
a method of disintegrating water, by
means of musical vibrations, into its
component molecules, and of thus de
veloptng a vapor of an elasticity and
Fxpansiveness which far exceeded
those of steam. In fact, his excuse for
not demonstrating practically the
availability of his new motive power
was its excessive intensity, which de
fied the control of ordinary machinery.
flow It 1s Conducted
by the World's ,Most
Famous Old .Men
HOW TO LIVE LONG.
"Moderation is the recipa given by nine out of twenty
thrpo famous old men. Their advice is tabulated below:
Moderation in eating, drinking, sleeping and working . 9
Abstinence from all intoxicants # 6
Moderate use of Intoxicants 3
An active working life 5
Vigorous outdoor cxc <:ise 3
Abstinence from smcking 4
Moderate smoking — G
Good Inherited constitution 4
Plenty of open air r>
Regularity and system 3
Recreation
Early retiring
Abstinence from hard work
Freedom from superstition
Activity of mind
Regular bathing
Care of loving if e
Copyright by the S. S. McClure Company, 1898.
TWENTY-THREE of the most famous old men in the world,
mostly Anglo-Saxons, have giv«n to The Call their secrets
of a long life. They wrote in response to the following ques*
tions:
1. To what, principally, do you attribute your success in
keeping up your strength and the capacity for work beyond the age
at which the majority of men have used up their lives?
2. Does your experience show, or do you consider the habitual
(though of course moderate) use of alcoholic drinks and of tobacco
injurious to health and a menace to longevity?
3. Would you say that constant hard work, mental or physical,
is beneficial or otherwise (providing, of course, that proper precau
tions for the preservation of health are observed)?
4. Is there any particular rule— in the matter uf regulating work
and recreation, food and drink and sleep— that has contributed, in
your opinion, to help you in reaching your present seniority?
Although the questions submitted were in each case the same,
the answers showed a wide divergence. Especially in the response
to the second question was there a difference of opinion among the
famous seniors of the age:
ROBERT BONNER,
Veteran Editor
my happiness, for to-day
ever did.
I remember that a minister of my
acquaintance once reproved an old
Scotchman whom he saw smoking, tell
ing him that it shortened life. Th% old
fellow looked thoughtful and said: "Yes.
dominie, na doot yer right. Here be I only eighty-nine and smokin'
ma pipe for mhir than sixty year. Na doot I might a' been a hundred
Here am I, a rather careless fellow about myself, who all my
life have eaten what I liked when I wanted It and who through
REV. ROB ERT COLLYtR'
New York.
rivstery Still Shrouds the Inventions of the Late John W. Keely, Though the Stockholders Now Claim . to Possess All His Records.
and needed engines of unusual strength
to confine it within bounds.
The same reason we.s given for not
permitting any one but himself to
manipulate his apparatus, and curious
investigators were warned that they
risked their lives if they meddled
with it except under his supervision.
Edison once offered to give a bond in
a. / amount that could be agreed upon
to protect the exposure of Keely's al
effected. and generate a force that
could fire a gun or move tons of
inertia.
He gave experiments of this nature
at Sandy Hook Proving Station in 188S
le^ed secret if he could be permitted
to enter the workshop of Keely and
assist him jointly in the mechanical
development and application of his
mysterious force. This offer was re
jected, and the skepticism regarding
X was not diminished.
Keely was an expert in the theory
ai.d art of music. He was a master of
the theory of harmony. He was not
only an instrumentalist, but a com
poser, and in that attainment lay the
primary element of his alleged discov
ery. This was a strange relation or
affinity between the forces of nature
and harmonic forces. He went so far
as to advance the startling proposition
that the rotation of planets in their
orbits was produced by the alternating
A natural fondness for country life
and especially for driving has led me to
spend a part .of almost every day of my
life out of i.oors. I believe that has
added to my ye s as I know it has to
I get out of life as keen enjoyi-.ent as I
• •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1898.
power of atomic energy. He said he had
pursued the analysis of his theme to
the eighth power, where he reached
the substance of luminosity, and there,
without attempting to theorize further
on the origin of things universal, he
stopped and put all his skill and mental
resources to the task of # harnessing the
power of atoms to the economy of life.
Twelve years ago, about half the
period of his experimentation, he aban
doned the molecules of water as the
basis of his task and directed his at
tention solely to the molecules of air.
He said that in the course of this work
he had produced a dynamic energy of
10,000 pounds to the inch in a Torri
cellian vacuum. He said he could ex
haust the air from a tube, getting a
vacuum as nearly perfect as could be
in the presence of Lieutenant Zalinski,
and other students of science, some of
whom were profound skeptics and in
sisted on the theory that Keely used
nothing but compressed air.
Zalinski was then busily engaged in
the study of pneumatics, which subse
quently resulted in his development of
the pneumatic dynamite gui. -the type
of weapon from which the Vesuvius
last summer hurled her earthquakes at
Santiago's forts. Their particular mis
sion was to witness the experimental
firing of Keely's so-called vaporic
gun, but Keely, who was in great
GROWING OLD AS A BUSINESS.
John Sherman, Jules Verne, IK Marvel, Robert Bonner, Johr) Burroughs, John I. Blair, Archbishop of Canterbury, Rev. Robert Colyer,
Lord Armstrong, Professor Goldwin Sn)ith.
forty years of active work never bothered to change my clothes when
I got a wetting. I started out in life with a good constitution; I had
a good father and a good mother; I was brought up on oatmeal and
blue milk and plenty of fresh air. To these things and a merciful
Providence I hold that Lowe my present age.
• • •
I have observed no particular rule of
diet except not to eat or drink what I
found to disagree with me. I have little
doubt that total abstinence from intoxi
cating liquors conduces to longevity. As
to tobacco I know of nothing for or against its use except that it is
an annoyance to those who do not smoke.
DR. TEMPLE,
Archbithop of Cantetbury
' Moderation in work and moderation
THOMAS O SEI FRIDGE ln everything in which I indulge has al
i MUMAb v. MLrrauuK, ways been my motto j early learned not
R e! r Admiral, U. b. N. I tQ fret oyer matterg tnat coul( j not be
J ' controlled, and have always endeavored
not to borrow useless trouble. I entered the navy at twelve years of
age when the service exposed one to many hardships now unknown
to naval men. I made it a practice to assume all tasks with cheerful
disposition and always to do my level best. When one does this he
is never worried over consequences that may follow.
I cannot say that moderate use of alcoholic drinks and of tobacco
is injurious to health or a menace to longevity. I have drunk liquor
nearly all my life in a moderate way and for many years have chewed
and smoked.
Moderation in food and drink, regu
larity in work and some recreation is the
best recipe for old age that I know of. I
think that work, properly regulated, is
an aid to longevity, but so,me kinds of
JOHN SHERMAN,
Ex-Secretary of State.
Let me say that I have no claim to
longevity — being only seventy-six; and a
gentleman to whom I showed your let
ter playfully said: "You are the young
est man in the house." I have been ac
tively engaged in the ministry for fifty-two years, preaching continu
ally. 1 have never spent a Sunday in bed in my life. Under a kind
careful observance of the simplest laws of health. My only physician
is Dr. Prevention.
DR. THEO. L CUYLfcR,
Brook in Preacher.
i
ELIZABETH CSTANTON. |
Womm Suffrage |
- exercise in the open air. My hearing is
still good, teeth sound, but my eyes are dim. My mind is active. L
have always had subjects of deep interest for thought and action,
.'•nd am still writing every day and have recently spoken in the open
air to a large audience on the question of women's suffrage. An
active mind has much to do with health and longevity, and so has
the true philosophy of life.
I MISS FRANCES COBB, |
English Reformer.
energy and strength, who, in his early
manhood, had fought through the Mahratta wars and led a charge of
cavalry at Assaye. I had the further blessing of a happy childhood,
guided by the wisest and tenderest of mothers. Starting so prosper
ously I believe I have maintained my vigor and the high level of my
spirits chiefly through my habitual respect for my own healthy in
stincts. I have never despised nature's little kindly hints that it was
time to eat, or drink, or take exercise, or go to bed.
Have I found the use of alcohol beneficial? I reply frankly
good humor that night, gave them the
whole show and seemed hugely pleased
as their attitude of polite incredulity
gradually yielded to the appearance of
utter mystification.
Lieutenant Zalinski subsequently ex
pressed the confident belief that the
explosive force behind the bullets fired
from Keely's little yacht cannon was
nothing more nor less than compressed
air, and as a recognized, expert Lieu
tenant Zalinski ought to know, but he
was polite enough or discreet enough
to express no such opinion that night
in the presence of Keely.
Among the other experiments shown
that evening was Keely's surprising
feat of raising a 700-pound weight at
the long end of a six-foot lever with a
one-inch fulcrum. He professed to ac
complish this by simply connecting
his generator with a small piston act
ing on the lever. Lieutenant Zalinski,
however, looked the lever and the
weight over carefully, and then asked
Keely whether he thought the force of
the etheric vapor would be powerful
enough to raise the long arm of the
lever with the added weight of the
lieutenant's manly form perched
upon it.
Keely good naturedly thought h*
could do the trick quite easily. So
Zalinski climbed up on the end of the
lever, finding a foothold on the great
iron weight and teetered there smil
ingly balancing himself in midair.
Keely turned a few stopcocks. Then
there was a slight sound in the gen
erator and up shot the long arm of the
lever with such force as to hurl the
lieutenant up among the cobwebs in the
rafters almost as promptly as Zalinski's
gun now hurls its dreaded earthquakes.
The pneumatic expert came down safe
ly and- with his good nature unruffled.
As hf> brushed the dust from his slouch
hat he expressed himself as quite con
vinced that there was power under that
lever. But he was conservative
enough, even then, to exoress no opin
ion as to the nature of that power.
Many investigators, scientific and
otherwise, have seen Keely's experi
ments. United States Government ex
perts have witnessed them. Capitalists
with millions at their disposal have
sought to control his inventions: yet
there has always been an unreadiness
on the part of the inventor to do any
thing practical. He was always Just
within reach of the goal, but he never
got there.
If an imposter, he was certainly an
extraordinary one. Few men could
have maintained for twenty-five years
so successful a game of trickery, not
only enlisting the sympathetic interest
of such distinguished gentlemen as the
late Professor Joseph Leidy, of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania; George H.
Boker, late Minister of the United
States to Turkey, and the late John
Welch, Minister to the Court of St.
James, but also conjuring thousands
of dollars from the pockets of more or
less hard-headed capitalists and New
* *
• •
* •
I am now eighty-three years old, In
perfect health, without aches or pains.
I have always been a great sleeper, a
moderate eater, and have taken much
I attribute my long tenure of vitality
to my good fortune in having had parents
both healthy in body and mind. My
father, indeed, was a man of immense
York men of affairs, who took him and
his motor so seriously as to invest
heavily in various devices.
Whichever view one takes of Keely,
therefore, warrants more than a pass
ing interest in the man's personality.
He was endowed with the physique
of a giant and a marvelous energy and
vitality. Six feet or more in height,
with a herculean frame, he was in ap
pearance, at least, a man born for great
things. His swarthy face with its
heavy growth of black beard and mus
tache was the very embodiment of an
artist's ideal of self-reliance and great
strength of character. And every ounce
of this tremendous force and vital ener
gy seemed to be directed toward the
achievement of hi., purpose.
It has been said often that, while
Keely's twenty-five years of unkept
promises hu.ve emptied the pockets of
not a few f his followers, he himself
has luxuriated at his home in damask
furniture and carpets of softest nap.
Keely. as a matter of fact, lived fairly
well, but neither lavishly nor ostenta
tiously, and he spent far more time
during those twenty years in the dingy
little shop, with its wires and cylinders
and dismantled relics of previous ex
periments, than he did at his own
hearthstone.
The man's fingers were the best pos
sible evidence of his unflagging indus
try. The grasp of his hand was like
the clutch of a vise. His palms were as
hard as bone and usually as soiled as
those of a coal heaver. His years of
strumming at wires and working in
iron, copper and steel had developed
great callous knobs at the ends of the
fingers until the digits of this giant
were as hard and twice as thick and
broad as those of fingers on the hands
of a healthy human being.
Keely could not fairly be called a
man of culture. His manners were more
gruff than suave, and he frequently in
conversation murdered the Queen's
English outrageously. He maintained
considerable interest in church affairs.
For years he was a regular attendant,
with 'his wife, at the services of the
Memorial Baptist Church, near his
home, at Broad and Master streets,
Philadelphia. He was a generous giver,
19b, when the cellection plate was
passed, and there were those among the
skeptics who cited these characteristics
as only further proofs of the man's
cunning in playing what they called
his gigantic confidence game.
Keely withal was a man of sensitive
nature. He was keenly alive to the
many slings of ridicule of which he was
the target, but his whole bearing was
that of a man who hopes and expects
to live to confound his enemies, and
who in the meanwhile has no time to
bother with their gibes.
It was doubtless this almost superb
air of self-reliance which, if notgenuine,
was a masterly piece of simulation,
that so often enabled him to win the
confidence of shrewd, calculating men
of business. Some of his most enthusi
(though with the dread of indignant temperance friends before my
eyes)! So distinctly beneficial have I found it that I am satisfied
that I should never have accomplished such little share of work as
I have done in the world had I been converted to teetotalism in my
earlier and busier years. Now that my labors are drawing to a
close I feel much less need of anything of the kind.
• * •
I have never observed any particular
rules of diet, except that of general
moderation. I have always avoided
working late at night. 1 have always
PROF. GOLDWIN SMITH,
I I
taken a good deal of out-door exercise.
When young I wandered on the Alps, went out shooting, rode with
foxhounds. I perhaps owe something to having been in early boy
hood at school where work was light. In my later years I have owed
a great deal to the care of a loving wife.
I wore glasses for about fifty years,
and then, when I got well Into the
seventies I thought I had worn them
quite long enough, so I left them off. I
can still shave myself and calculate that
I have performed that operation altogether about 22,600 times. I keep
an interest in all my old friends, and although I cannnt get about
outside now, like a young man*, I know and rejoice over all their
doings and successes.
If there is any secret of doing this it is to live simply, quietly,
rteadily.
CHARLES SALAMAN,
the O:togenanan Composer.
The question as to how long life is
attained is not to be answered in a mo
ment. But I believe the great cause, not
SIMS REEVES,
the Great Singer.
only in my own case, but in nearly every
instance, is constitution. The man who
has a good, &ounr^ constitution, and no functional disorders, is able to
bear many strains and even excesses that would quickly kill another.
If you look at the lives of old men you will see that not all were able
to live quiet, regular existences; but they were able to ward off pos
sible evil effects by their own inherent strength.
I can b.ut reply to the various ques
tions put to me: Work and temperance.
There is the whole motto of life; work
always, be temperate in all things. And,
— ' above all, do not overindulge in sleep.
Obey the precept of the school of Salerno, which runs, if I am not
Six hours of sleep suffice for old and young.
Seven for the lazy, eight we grant to none.
IULES VERNE,
Author.
Regularity and system are, I should
say, the great essentials for living long
and keeping strong. To them I might
add out-of-door exercise and country air;
and to these — yet again (wherever one
evenness of work, .evenness of temper and
IK MARVEL,
Author.
lives)— evenness of hours,
evenness of purpose.
Inherited health and a boyhood spent
largely in the open air gave me a fund
of strength and vigor to begin with. I
have been careful not to draw too heavily
against this valuable bank account. As
for habits of eating, regularity is the great thing to be observed. I
do know that tobacco works either for or against a man; it is a
matter of personal liking. "I don't believe that work, merely work,
is any foe to long years— rather an aid I should say.
• • •
• • ♦
Heredity. My father was eighty
three, my grandfather eighty-four. My
mother, when she died, was close upon
ninety-six. I had a great-grandmother
who lived to ninety-three. Three genera
tions of our family kept golden weddings In '36. '64 and '98. As regards
GALUSHA A. GROW,
Oldest Congressman.
SIR JOHN MOWBRAY,
Father of the House of Commont
astic supporters ten or fifteen years
ago were men who had been skeptics,
but who had been won over not less by
his dominating personal force than by
the seeming miracles that he showed
them in his little shop.
As a rule he did not hold their con
fidence as readily as he won it. His
chronic delays and reiterated excuses
wore out their patience finally, and the
stock of the so-called Keely Motor
Company has been repeatedly unloaded,
but only to be taken up by some new
and equally sanguine converts. And so
this bubble, if bubble it be, has been
tossed from hand to hand for twenty
five years, but never quite effectually
pricked.
No patents were ever secured with
devices which Keely invented. Charles
B. Collier, a lawyer of New York, was
retained by Keely and his comnany in
1896 to apply for letters patent on the
Keely inventions. Detailed drawings
were made and elaborate provisional
specifications were written. The desierns
were never completed in a form to be
submitted to the Patent Office. Some
months ago Mr. Collier, observing
Keely's failing health, suggested some
plan for preserving Keely's secret in
the event of death. He proposed that a
crucial test of Keely's mechanisms
should be made in the presence of him
self, of Lancaster Thomas, a director of
the company, and of Geor~e H. How
ard, a patent attorney at Washington,
so that they could dismantle, adiust
and operate the devices as Keely did.
The proposition was submitted to the
board of directors on October 8 last,
and tabled. Mr. Collier then withdrew
from his professional relations with
Keely and the company, after having
been associated with Keely as his
counsel and a director in the organiza
tion for more than ten years.
In every respect was Keely a re
markable man. He had been a musi
cian, an Indian fighter on the plains, a
circus performer and a sleight of hand
artist. He was born in Philadelphia
in 1837. His father's parents were
German and French. His mother's
were En lish and Swedish. His grand
father was a composer and a leader of
an orchestra in Baden-Baden. His
father was an ironworker.
His birthplace was a little two-story
frame house, which stood until a few
years ago at the corner of Jacoby and
Cherry streets. Both his parents died
before he was ten years old. and he
went to live with his grandparents.
They thrust him into the world at an
early age, and for several years he was
a — nderer. He fought Indians in the
West, was wounded and was taken to
a hospital.
Coming back to Philadelphia after a
life of adventure, Keely became leader
of an orchestra.
Then he drifted into mechanics, and
in 1874 he announced that he had an
engine that would go of its own accord.
Some prominent New Yorkers took
Keely seriously enough to raise $100,000
* •
and form a company to put his motor
on the market. Keely spent $10,000 of
this paying his debts and $60,000 build
ing a worthless "motor." In 1888 he was
committed to jail for contempt of court
for refusing to explain to a committee
of experts the working of his machine.
Mrs. Bloomfleld Moore, who had liter
ary and scientific tastes, had a faith in
Keely bordering on fanaticism, and
spent something like $100,000 on him.
All his work was done in the little
shop in Twentieth street. Entrance was
made from the street through a large
door into a room in which was a car
penter's work bench, some powerful
winches and an assortment of tools,
and on one side was an immense box,
bound with iron bands, with a cover so
"heavy that tacKie was arranged above
it for lifting it. It was closed and pad
locked, and was said to contain ma
chinery not in use. A large door led
into a room on the same floor at the
rear of the first one. A stairway to the
second floor led to a landing on which
were parts of abandoned machinery. A
small room on one side of this con
tained a large desk, with books, instru
ments and' drawings. On the opposite
side of the ianding was a room some
what larger, with many expensive look
ing instruments or machines, some of
which he exhibited in operation.
Whether it was a jealous guardian
ship of some secret, the discovery of
which might have pricked the bubble,
or merely, as Keely himself said, that
he could not tolerate any imputation
against his honor, he was usuany quick
to resent anything like an attempt at
pryffig into the mysteries, especially if
the investigator seemed to have under
taken the task in a skeptical or cap
tious spirit. I have seen him on one
night the embodimen- of courtesy itself,
carefully taking to pieces his intricate
mechanical structures and apparently
with the greatest frankness exposing to
view their innermost parts. On the
very next night, perhaps, if he had
some cynical customer to deal with, and
one whose long purse the president and
directors of the company hoped to en
list in their cause. Keely. to the chag
rin of those directors, would fly into a
passion at the merest suggestion of
chicanery or collusion and would refuse
to go on with the performance.
The apparatus, plans, manuscripts,
etc., which Keely died possessed of are
now the property of the Keely Motor
Company. The president of the com
pany, is. L. Ackerman of New York,
is confident that Keely had discovered
a powerful new force.
The inventor's wife claims that he
left a manuscript of 2000 pages with
her, explaining the whole system and
the work he has done. The only diffi
culty may be, as it has been hitherto,
that Mr. Keely's explanations do not
explain anything.
In scientific circles the impression
prevails that the last page in the his
tory of the Keely invention has been
turned.
Rules of Famous
Octogenarians on Eating,
Drinking and Sleeping.
my own habits, moderation in eating and drinking has been every
thing. I take little meat and no beer or tobacco. I have always been
used to wine in a reasonable quantity and lately mainly whisky. In
younger days I remained at the House of Commons as long as it sat.
I never do this now, and rarely return after dinner. I am one of
those who require a great deal of sleep, and am always ready to
take it. I was a great walker up to a very recent date.
• * *
I was born in 1803, during- the great
imperial war, which lasted till I was
twelve years of age. All provisions
were very dear, and my early life was
spent on very plain food. My father
deserted my mother and her children and she had great difficulty to
sustain us. So soon as I was able I got to hard work for little pay.
I took every opportunity to try to draw, but as I could not get in
struction my work developed slowly. I have been a great worker. At
twenty-three years of age I was able to learn drawing at county
schools, to which I had to walk a great number of miles. I never
was ill, except with infant maladies. At thirty I commenced to try
to paint. After I came to reside in London my living was still very
simple. I did not taste wine, port or sherry, till I was thirty-five.
After I became known and began to receive many commissions for
my work I was much invited to the dinners and evening parties of
patrons and lovers of art. This and late hours began to try my health,
which was not strong, for I had to give up pay long walks. For years
I was much reduced in health and I fear I should have become a
poor invalid. So I went back to the country, bought some land and
built this house <Vernon Holme, near Canterbury) in 1848. I soon
felt the change for the better.
SIDNEY COOPER,
the Royal Academician.
I have relied upon temperate habits
in all things to enable me s to endure hard
work for all these years. By temperate
habits I mean no tobacco and no alco-
JQHN I. BLAIR,
Millionaire ar.d Philanrhropis'.
holic stimulants, together with moderate
eating and plenty of exercise, especially in the shape of walking, and
in walking I would never use a cane.
From my earliest years I was always one of the hardest workers,
and always believed in hard work. I neve r had any system about
recreation, but always managed, in connection with my work, to
find enough out-of-door exercise to maintain my constitution in good
order. Though of good physique I never felt the need of eating much,
and never but the plainest of food. I was very fond of coffee, but
while enjoying three or four cups of it I never drank it strong. I
could sleep anywhere, and rested better on the cars than at home.
In fact during the most active years of my life I often spent more
nights in a month on the cars than at home. L have never exulted
over successes and never mourned over losses, and I have always
enjoyed a hearty laugh.
There are no doubt many factors in
the problem you ask me to solve. First
I come from good healthy farmer stock
and passed my youth and early man
hood on the farm. Then I have lived
Bof my time in the country, where the wear and tear of life is
less than in cities. And finally I have lived a simple life, ate
simple food, taken plenty of exercise, had regular habits, slept
: hours out of the twenty-four, avoided stimulants of all kinds
ill undue excitement. These statements ought to answer your
question.
As to the second, I believe that as a rule the American suffers
from even the moderate use of alcoholic drinks and of tobacco. I am.
sure alcohol is poison to me and tobacco I detest.
To your third question my answer is, that work, both mental and
physical, say three hours per day of each, adds to length of days
hard work that does not reach the point of straining or exhausting
My rule for eating is, meat once a day (noon), fruit every meal, no
coffee, tea at breakfast, with one of the cereals, brown bread and an
egg. For supper about the same, omitting the egg; in bed at 9, up
in the morning at 5 in the summer and at 6 in the winter; two or
three hours in the open air each day, rain or shine; charity toward
all. malice toward none.
JOHN BURROUGHS,
Naturalist.
21
* *
♦ ;■<•■•22
Sky Rocker Career of A CATTLE KING
KANSAS has had many meteoric
careers in business and in poli
cf, but Grant G. Gillett has
won the distinction of having
made the most tremendous and
sensational success and failure
of them all.
The splendor of his living, his nabob
manners, the methods by which a raw
country boy imposed on the keen busi
ness men who had been in the cattle
traffic ten times as lonp as he, how he
could in spite of fast living and ex
penses that ran into hundreds of dol
lars a day make a reputation that
would allow him to borrow $2,000,000, is
a marvel. It is thought that he has
taken a fortune with him, but this is
denied by the family, who say that he
■was hard pressed when he went and
had less than $500. If this is so, it
will in this case be less than "three gen
erations from shirtsleeves to shirt-
Bleeves."
will, in fact, be only three years,
I The buzzard thatv/rousht gillftt's f*uiu * v 1
for three years ago he was trying to
get a job at $50 a month as deputy
sheriff. Two years ago he counted
himself worth $75,000. A year ago he
said he was worth over $150,000, and was
known all over the State as a cattle
king, the leading shipper In the West.
Three weeks ago he was still great, and
by report was nearing the point of a
half-millionaire. Now he Is a fugitive
on the earth and somebody is holding
the sack for a million dollars. It is
a romance of possibilites of American
business life.
Gillett's career dramatized would
show him in the first act as a station
These flztec wall pictures, according to the report, have always been carefully guarded from outsiders by the native. Professor Frederic^ Starr got tracK of them and never rested till he had
obtained photographs. They represent Aztec art about the very important period of the conquest of Mexico by Cortez.
agent and farmer at Woodbine. In the
second act he is wearing a diamond of
moderate size, and while his profits are
large he needs a great deal of credit.
He has found out that some people are
impressed by his gem, so he invests In
a larger one, in size and shape and
similar to a doorknob. He wears this
in act three and travels on engines oc
casionally to save time. Everybody
knows that "time is money" and the
Kansas cattle dealer never fails to tell
his patrons, or proteges, that that is his
only reason for failing to wait for the
scheduled trains. The plan works well
and when the curtain rises the fourth
time Gillett has improved upon it by
adding a cowboy band, which sounds
his praises, and by investing more
money in diamonds. These he carries
around loose in his pocket and when ne
gotiating a loan he draws them forth
and sifts them carelessly from one hand
to another with an hour glass sort of a
movement. This had never been tried
before it was tried at the Kansas City
stock yards, and workod like a charm.
It has the further advantage that
"when the game is up" the diamonds
form a very neat little safeguard
against the proverbial rainy day.
Gillett's rainy days hove in sight a
little over two weeks ago and he has
tried to dodge them by disappearing.
His creditors then thoroughly awakened
from their dream and a wild scramble
for what the cattle king had left be
hind followed. The creditors were
really not to blame. There was one
firm with a quarter of a million doilars
of his paper; another had $200,000
worth: a third $160,000. Others followed
with $125,000 and $122,000 and there were
enough with less than $100,000 apiece to
bring the total up to about $1,500,000.
That's pretty good borrowing for a
young man from Kansas.
VALUABLE AZTEC PICTURES RECENTLY FOUND IN MEXICO.
A MOST important collection of
old paintings has just been
brought to light in Old Mexico.
They are of Aztec origin and
throw considerable light on the
culture o£ the aboriginal inhab
itants of the American continent. The
man who has been most instrumental in
studying and photographing this inter
esting ejection i 3 Professor Frederick
Starr of the University of Chicago.
Professor Starr's attention was at
tracted by a passage in A. F. Bande
lier's book on Mexico, to the existence
of some curious paintings preserved
near Cholula, Mexico. They were made
by artists of the Cuauhtlantzinco In
dians *in the sixteenth century soon af
ter the arrival of Cortez, and are ac
native language. The report declares
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1898.
People who have a wide knowledge
of the world say they doubt whether
Gillett could bcrrow anything at the
stockyards now.
His magnetism was something won
derful. "I tell you," said a commission
man who is heavily stuck, "in twenty
years' experience I never saw a man
who could accomplish so much as he.
He had such a fascinating way and put
his propositions so clearly that we gave
up. One day he came to us and want
ed $56,000. I said we had enough of his
paper. 'I am offering it to you as a
friend; I thought you wanted to do
business,' replied Gillett with a sneer.
He went out and in fifteen minutes
returned with a certified check, which
he flashed in my face with a smile."
The commission man is smiling now.
About the Ist of November he wanted
to borrow $43,000 of the firm of Dake &
Keeler of Denver. They knew he was
having trouble, and Keeler went to the
ranch to see how things looked. He
spent four days and was driven around
the herds and wired hia partner that
everything was all right. Gillett got
the money, but they find out now that
the cattle were mortgaged twice before
they made the loan. They sold him S6O
head of Oregon yearlings and have
never been able to find the stock at all.
Yet they have been in the business for
twenty years. It was scarcely to be
wondered at that a man with such pow
ers of persuasion should be able to get
large credit.
His methods were simple, almost no
tably so. He began well and for two
years met all his paper with exemplary
promptness. Then began the consum
mation of his scheme to make wealth
rapidly. It is a story that bears direct
ly on the dangers of cattle paper in
vestments when made without careful
and full examination. Associated with
that the Indians owi.ing them guarded
their historical treasures with great
jealousy, and never allowed a white
man to see them. If this remark is
true, Professor Starr was more success
ful than his predecessors; for he was
kindly received and no one forbade him
to photograph the picturer which con- I
slsted of a series of forty-four sheets I
of about 16 by 12 inches each, pasted !
on two frames of stretched cotton, pome I
ten feet long and one yard high, illus
tmting the history of the tribe during
the time of the conquest.
It was a happy inspiration which !
sent Professor Starr on his mission to
this old Aztec village, and the humor
ftnd good-naturedness for which he is
noted amonr all his acquaintances was ■
probably an Indispensable condition of
his success and served the purpose of ■
him were his brothers-in-law, those of
his wife's side and those of his sister's
marriage. Then he took up one or two
young men who had no visible means
of support and made them apparently
rich in a few months. One young man
was a poor boy, just out of a struggle
to complete a law course in the State
University. He sold him cattle and
then bought them back again until he
had made him worth $10,000. But he
also has the young man's name on pa
per to the amount of $90,000. His rela
tives had the same blind faith in him,
and they tried to keep pace with him
in vain. They signed papers wherever
he told them, and they often had the
papers in blank when they signed them,
then Gillett filled them in and sold the
paper to the commission men. One day
weeks ago he went to a firm in Kansas
City and told them that he had a buyer
for $15,000 worth of stock. The firm
went out in the yards and bought the
cattle, loaded them aboard the cars and
took a mortgage from Gillett for the
whole amount. He took the cattle to
Alma., Kans., and sold them to the cus
tomer and put the money in his pock-
et instead of sending it to the commis
sion men. The firm will take the stock
and leave the feeder without a dollar.
Gillett used to buy big droves of cat
tle, several thousand head at a time.
He invariably gave a mortgage for the
purchase price, and then took the herd
to Woodbine to split them up into
small droves for the little feeders who
had small lots of corn and roughness.
The farmers flocked around him as if he
were a god, and hung on his words. He
would step up to one and say: "Well,
what do you want here?" "Why. Mr.
Gillett, I thought I would look to see
if you have anything that I want "
"Look, thon; I have no time to talk to
you," and he would leave to see an
making public pictorial documents of
great importance which otherwise
would have been utterly lost; for soon
after his visit a lire occurred in the
town hall, and many of these invalu
able pictures on one of the frames were
destroyed t- the flames. It is only to
be regretted that owing to a misin
formation in Bandelier's Mexico. Pro
fessor Starr expected to find only two
pictures, each 16 b-" 12 inches, and was.
therefore, unprepared to v>hotograph
all of them on separate plates, having
taken only a dozen plates 5 by 7 with
him. He did wha. he could under the
circumstances, and photographed the
entire series in as large a size as the
plates at his disposal allowed. He de
scribes his expedition to Cholula, and
gives detailed Information concerning:
the pictures in a bulletin recently pub
other customer. In that way he sold
the very cattle he wanted to and at hi 3
own price, usually more than the farm
er would have paid anywhere else. The
farmer paid $2 to $5 a head more than
Gillett did for the stock and the *'ieory
was that he would feed them and sell
them at a good profit In the spring. He
would give his note to Gillett, and it
was supposed that Gillett would send
the note to take the place of the one
that he had Riven on the wl. jle lot of
cattle. Often he "overlooked" this, and
of late seems to have done so intention
ally, for there are cattle mortgaged five
deep. One bunch of cows in the Indian
Territory is mortga. d for $175 a head
in this way.
him so implicitly, but it is characteris
tic of the plunger to do just tl.at sort of
thing.
Gillett went to Texas on Monday be
fore Thanksgiving, saying nothing to
his wife or friends — except one. In one
man's hands he left a deed of trust and
bill of sale. He ate breakfast in Fort
Worth on the following day and was
there again on Thanksgiving. Since
then he has dropped out of sight. It
was strange that a person who was so
well known as he could disappear in the
Lone Star State, but he did it. Three
days later a telegram came from New
York to his brother-in-law saying that
he had just sailed for Spain. It was the
general feeling that the message was a
blind, and that he had sent it to take
the detectives off his track. Old Mexico
is more likely to be his hiding place.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 9.— A dispatch
from Chihuahua Mexico, states that
Grant C. Gillett, the fugitive Kansas
cattleman, lias disappeared from the
vicinity of r hihuahua, and is now be
lieved to be either in the City of Mexico
or at Mazallan, on the Pacific Coast,
lished by the department of anthropol
ogy of the University of Chicago, and
we here nresent our readers with fif
teen of the most interesting pictures,
which tell their own story.
The Pueblo of San Juan de Cuauht
lantzinco is situated between Puebla
and Cholula, in the State of Puebla.
It lies within sight of the tramway
connecting these two cities, near the
station ol Los Arcos, on the Interocean
lc Railroad. The town is purely In
dian, and contains about 1500 inhabit
ants.
The pictures referred to are a sort
of allegory depicting the conquest of
Mexico by Cortez, and the conversion
of the inhabitants to Christianity by
Prince Sannient, the Aztec leader, who
first became converted to the new
creed.
IN 1
Four Years
He
Ran Up
His Credit
For
Millions
And Then
Fled
or en route to South America.
Gillett found refuge on the ranch of
J. M. Fisher sixty miles south of Du
rango. Fisher is a former Kansan,
whose career in Kansas was not unlike
that of Gillett. He failed in the bank-
Ing business at Abilene, in 18S9, . nd the
bank has since paid only 5 per cent on
deposits amounting to $300,000.
Gillett and his companion, the Texas
lawyer named Troxel, disappeared
when they learned that detectives from
Kansas City were close upon their trail.
The dispatch states that C. A. Sehaef
fer, the Kansa- City commission man,
who went South with the detectives,
succeeded in attaching several thous
and dollars which Gillett had deposited
in a Mexican bank at Torreon, Mexico,
and that he also attached trunks which
Gillett had checked at Durango. The
amount of money which Mr. Schaeffer
tied up cannot be learned, but it is be
lieved to be only a few thousand dol
lars. •
The executions in Paris during recent
years have revived the old question
whether death instantaneously follows
upon the severance of the head from
the body. Dr. Cinel asserts that de
capitation does not immediately affect
the brain. He says that the blood
which flows after decapitation comes
from the large vessels of the neck, and
there is hardly any call upon the cir
culation of the cranium. The brain
remains intact, nourishing itself with
the blood retained by the pressure of
the air. "When the blood remaining in
the head at the moment of separation
is exhausted, there commences a state,
not of death, but of inertia, which lasts
up to the moment when the organ, no
longer fed, ceases to exist.
Dr. Cinel estimates that the brain
finds nourishment in the residuary
blood for about an hour after decapi
tation. The period of inertia would
last for about two hours, he thinks,
and absolute death would not ensuft
till after the space of three hours alto
gether. If, he adds, a bodiless head
indicates by no movement the horrors
of its situation, it is because it is phy
sically impossible that it should do so,
all the nerves whrh Serve for the
transmission of orders from the brain
to the trunk being severed. But there
remain the nerves of hearing, of smell
and sight, and he concludes that the
guillotine does not cause instant death.HERE'S STORY THAT HAS EXCITED EUROPE'S ROYALTY.
MARIE LARISCH'S novel, which
has long threatened to appear
and rattle the family skeletons
of the Hapsburgs for the pres
ent generation, has been pub
lished at last and a great shout has
gone up from the court society of
Vienna. Not since the suicide of King
V\u000d of Bavaria has there been such
nsation in Vienna.
Marie Larisch tells now for the first
time the true history of the mad King,
who was the patron of Richard Wag
ner, the recluse of the Castle of Starn
berg, and who took his own miserable
life after he had killed five of his suite
in two years. Five years ago the Coun
tess La'isch wrote this book and its
publication at that time was prevented
by the Emperor, who bought the copy
right from the authoress at a fabulous
price. Nothing more was heard of the
("untess until a year ago, when she
left one husband and five children to
go and live with a Munich opera tenor
by the name of Otto Brucks.
Countess Marie Larisch has had one
of the most remarkable careers of living
aristocrats. Her life has been a romance
Fuch as the most fanciful fiction-teller
has never invented or dreamed of.
Mme. Marie Brucks, she calls herself,
■ ad Mme. Marie Brucks she would be
ut f'>r the indissolubility ot Roman
Catholic marriages.
As it is we must still call her Coun
tess Larisch, and consider her the run
away wife of one of the richest noble
men of Austria, whose castle and es
ktates in Silesia are among the best
managed and most remunerative prop
erties in the «. untry.
Countess Larisch is forty years old
» exactly, and may truly be said to have
seen something of the world in this
span of life.
The truth, indeed, was she had lent
Unique Position of a Monterey Chinaman.
The Only Subject on the Pacific Coast Who Has the Right of Directly Addressing the Emperor in Peking.
LEE WING SUN KEE is proba
bly the most important of all
Chinese residents in this State.
His present address is Monterey,
Cal., and he enjoys the unique
distinction of being the only one
of his countrymen who has the privi
lege of addressing his sovereign direct.
No palace flunkey or court favorite can
intercept a letter to his Imperial Ma
jesty sent under the private seal of Lee
Wing Sun Kee. All this comes to a
man of brains and untiring energy; it
means years of toil and study, the
passing of civil service examinations
that would frighten the average college
student and aspirant for honors into
a state of chronic nervous prostration.
Probably few even enlightened
'Western barbarians" know what a
rivil examination in the Flowery king
dom means. "To succeed*," says Dr.
Kingdon, who spent the best part of
Lti_ iwirtG aUN KEE, the Chinese Letter Writer in California W
May Personally Address the Emperor of the Flowery K'QSdom.
willing aid to the fatal love of her im
perial cousin, the Crown Prince, for the
Baroness Vetsera. She had sought and
gained the friendship of Baroness Vet
sera, the mother, who had for years
been the mistress of Archduke William,
the Grand Master of the Order of Ger
man Knights. She tempted young Bar
oness Mary often to her house, took her
for driyes and visits, went shopping
with her, and managed so well that
the Crown Prince continually met the
pretty girl with whom he believed him
self madly in love.
It must be supposed that the singer's
income, added to the annuity from the
book she never published, are insuffi
cient for Countess Larisch's wants, and
that she is trying for an addition to
her income, either by a large sale of the
book or by a second suppression of it.
for which she would no doubt ask a
high price of the regent of Bavaria,
especially as the mad King, about
whom she writes, still has a live bro
ther—mad King Otto, who sits on the
throne of Bavaria. She cannot expect
any pecuniary help from her father,
who only waited for his first wife's
death to marry another actress, An
toine Barth, who is his present mor
ganatic wife.
Countess Larisch's book, "A Kiner's
Fairy Tale." has already been prohib
ited for sale in Bavaria, where the
poignant feelings excited by the tragic
life and death of their beloved King
Ludwig have scarcely yet been wholly
appeased. "A King's Fairy Tale," which
she is telling, is the poetic history of
King Louis II of Bavaria, the key to
his mysterious solitary life and the true
account of his tragic death. The book
will be read with breathless interest, as
it is known that the author. Countess
Larisch has learned much from her
father about King Louis, and also from
her aunt, Princess Sophie, who was the
King's betrothed for several months.
The King of this tale does not seem a
real man, but a youth from Swanland,
who wished to live for a time on earth.
his life in that country as a medical
missionary, "it is necessary to devote
thirty or forty years to constant study
of the classics. And Dr. Williams, a
man of undoubted education in both
English and Chinese, once told me that
the examinations as conducted in Pe
king he considered the highest from a
literary point of view in the world, in
fact, he said it had been admitted by
some of the great universities of Eu
rope that the degree conferred by the
government examiners of Peking was |
acknowledged to be the greatest honor
that any student could expect in this
world."
I found Lee Wing Sun Kee living in
the most primitive fashion in the un
assuming little fishing village near
Monterey, and it was not at all diffi
cult to recognize in him the gentleman
and scholar which a few minutes' con
versation proved beyond the shadow
of a doubt. He was seated on a plain
wooden couch, so common in all Chi
nese houses of the poorer sort, without
THE SAN IRA Js CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1898.
The first chapter reveals the young
King in his private observatory ab
sorbed in astronomy. When his pro
fessor in astronomy retires the King
goes to sleep and dreams a dream. He
understands the language of the stars
and hears the music of the spheres. He
sees three brilliant castles on the shore
of an emerald lake, over which sail
singing swans. With them sails a
mythical youth, a swan king, who an
nounces his intention of descending
upon earth, or, as the author expresses
it, "the will to live on earth is awakened
in him."
An angel warns him in vain that on
earth kings have to suffer more than
other mortals.
The swan king refuses to be warned;
the angel has to consent to his earthly
journey, but he comforts him by prom-
ising that a noble human maiden will
reveal herself to him with a song. "A
limit is fixed for your life," says the
angel, "if you live it to the end; but
if you leave the earth of your own free
will, if you feel your powers failing,
then you will return here and be a swan
again."
In the second chapter the reader is
in the full reign o-f King Louis 11, the
scene being the lake of Starnberg, not
far from Munich. The reader is Ini
tiated into the intrigues played by the
persons of the court of this King.
Baron yon Decken, the favorite and
aide-de-camp of the King, is in con
versation with a banker named An
thony, and both admit the necessity of
getting the King to marry.
The reader learns that the courtiers'
party intends marrying the King to
Princess Clarisse, the daughter of ex-
Queen Honesta, who lives in Biarritz.
Suddenly an illegitimate daughter of
ornament or mark of comfort save for
the clean bit of bamboo matting with
which it was covered. When addressed
In his own language, and in words be
fitting his position, he arose with all
the dignified grace of a mandarin and
bade me welcome. With the proper
apology for my intrusion, and a re
fusal to be seated until my worthy
host would condescend to do the same,
we lighted our pipes and soon became
' quite chummy and "comfy" like. I ex
| pressed my surprise that a man of his
learning could content himself with
such humble surroundings.
"Well," he said, "it must seem rather
queer to you because you are a West
erner and presumably a follower of
Christ, while I am a pagan, a believer
in theosophy and a student of Confu
cius. Here I have peace and quiet and
j time for contemplation. Besides I am
I able to do much good for my country
men in this part of the world, for you
must know I am the official letter
writer for my people here. No, I am
no longer rich, in fact, I am quite poor,
and I depend entirely on what I may
earn writing letters to supply my sim
ple needs. It is next to impossible for
one of your people to imagine how very
I necessary and important a personage
! the public letter-writer is to the Chi
nese. But with us the spoken language
is never written and the written lang-
I uage never spoken, and as the written
j language comprises something like 72,
j 000 characters you may readily see that
| it is almost impossible for a man in
| the ordinary walks of life to accom
plish anything like an education.
"You say you want to know some
thing of my life, and why I have chos
en this spot so far away from my
home for a residence. Oh, well, it is
no great secret. I am not an anarchist
or a members of the Black Flags. I am
a simple scribe and a man of peace.
Although if a man on earth has good
cause for complaint against his own
government I am that man.
'But I will explain to you why I am
an exile from my native land. First,
I will tell you something of the crim
inal laws of China. If a corpse is found
on the property of another it devolves
upon the owner of the property to
j prove who committed the murder. Now.
i this is sometimes a very difficult thing
I to do, especially if the deed be com
! mittted in the night. Strange as it
may seem to you, tWs law has made
suicide very common in China.
"If I do not tire you I will explain
to you how this all comes about. You
j see the Chinese religion, as it is prac
| ticed. is based almost entirely on filial
affection, for it is believed that the
; bones of the parent can only rest in
peace through the prayers of the off
spring. Well, this means that the son
; who is faithful to the parent is sure
■ of eternal salvation, and any sacrifice
Ihe may make in this life means bo
. much to his credit in the life to come.
I Frequently It happens that a man's
parents may be very ioor and if a
dutiful son wishes to do something to
relieve the burdens of this world for his
father or mother, he may make it
known to the wealthy people of his vil-
the bajiker appears — a passionate
beauty of the Southern type — Wally
yon Sartory, who declares to her father
that she loves the King and will not let
them couple the sun-god Phoebus to
an earthly princess. He loves art, and
she will become an artist as a means of
finding the way to his heart. Wally
yon Sartory is nu definite character,
but a type of the numerous young
singers and actresses and artists who
tried to gain the King's love in those
days.
In chapter 111 the King Is shown to
the reader in the idyllic solitude of his
castle on the shore of Starnberg Lake.
The castle is Schloss Berg, the scene of
the catastrophe in which the King ul
timately lost his life.
Countess Larisch describes the hand
• some young King with a certain
amount of enthusiasm — "tall and
straight, like a noble pine, with inde
scribably beautiful dark blue fairy
eye's, with curly brown hair framing
an open brow, and a sad, sweet mouth
on a classically cut face." The author
shows the King deeply interested in a
conversation -with Richard Wagner,
whose name in the story Is Reinhard
Meister. The King is speaking with
Wagner on the tradition of the Knight
of the Swan, which the composer-poet
used in his opera "Lohengrin." The
King confesses that he is on the look
out for a song — his own song, he calls
it — which an angel sang to him in a
dream. He must have the song, and he
knows a woman will sing it to him
some day.
The King 1 tells the master a secret,
that he never yet cared for a woman,
saw no poetry in any other woman than
his mother, and Wagner admits that
poetical women are very rare. Wagner,
lage that he is willing to commit sui
cide for a fixed price. Now allowing
that I am a wealthy man, and you are
my enemy. I can hire this man to kill
himself on your premises.
"I had an. enemy in my native town.
We had quarreled over the administra
tion of justice in a very simple case.
I knew I was right and presumed I had
convinced him that he was wrong. The
dispute continued for a year, when fin
ally there was a murder done on his
property. The victim was one of my
family. A feud ensued which was kept
up for months until one morning a man
was found dead at my door with a bul
let through his head.
"Of course I was asked to explain
away the mystery, which I was unable
to do. My property was immediately
confiscated and I was given to under
stand that if I could not produce the
real culprit within a given time, my
life must pay the penalty.
"So I am here in California earning
my living with my pen. I have no com
plaint to make of the poor people of my
province. They know no better. They
are firm believers in what you call the
old Mosaic law, 'An eye for an eye, and
a tooth for a tooth.' But I do think
my government might have done some
thing for my relief. However, God has
been very kind to me. I am given all
that I need to support the body, and I
can easily bury the nains of mental
starvation in my faith."
"Yes, I have the privilege of address
ing the Emperor direct. I won that
honor through passing my last civil ex
amination at Peking in 1890. after hav
ing first passed all the local examina
tions in the province of Kwang Tong.
The last degree entitled me to the hon
orable office of 'Holder of the Seals.'
This is my official seal. No, I cannot
give you an impression of it as it is
against the ethics we are all bound to
observe. I am very proud of it. of
course, and it insures the safe delivery
of my communications to the Emperor
in person, which, as you may imagine,
is a very great advantage.
"The highbinder wars which are so
common in San r'rancisco are prolific
of correspondence between the people
and our Government, and I believe I
am the only person in this part of the
world who can have a letter delivered
to the head of the Imperial Govern
ment. So you see I am kept pretty
busy, and I assure you I do all in my
power to quiet these worse than silly
quarrels between the people, many of
which have been carried across the sea,
where they have been In a state of
revolution for more than a century. No,
I scarcely think they will ever be defi
nitely settled. It is one of the evils of
a paternal form of local government
which these simple creatures have
hugged to their bosoms, as it were,
since the history of man.
"No, I in no way interfere with the
labors of the imper'-" consulate of this
State. They are for the most part wise
and honest men who do all in their
power for the poor people they repre
sent. But the Chinese as an individual
has long since lost all confidence in hi^,
Government, and never claims even its
protection unless it be the last resort.
"Oh, to be sure we are all delicate on
the subject of the Manchu dynasty, but
with that subject I have nothing to do.
Let the bearers of arms settle questions
of war." W. C. BUNNER. I
Countess Lapigefo .Has at Last Published .Hep First Volume Regarding
the Seepets of ti^e .House of .Hapsbupg and It .Has Been Promptly
Suppressed.
however, returns the King's confidence,!
and says he has found such a woman —
the wife of a friend. No doubt this is
Cosima Bulow, whom Wagner later
married.
In the evening of that selfsame day
the King walked along the jessamine
paths to the lake, listening to the night
ingales in hopes of hearing his song.
He rowed across the lake to the oppo
site shore and believed he heard the
singing of the swans. It was a mis
take. As he approached the shore he
heard a melodious human voice. He
could distinguish the words — it was the
song of the wondrous flower — his song,
which said the wondrous flower is the
purest love.
"This is my song!" the King cried,
jumped out of the boat, ran across the
lawn to the castle, where a delicate
woman's figure appeared at an open
window. The moon was shining, and
she recognized the man below and
cried: "The King!"
He confirmed this and asked her to
come down. The young lady immedi
ately obeyed and appeared in the frame
of a porch in the ivy-grown tower. The
King, asking who she was, sb
swered: "Your Majesty's cousin, Elsa!"
She is no other than Princess Sophie
of Bavaria, the youngest sister of the
late Empress Elizabeth of Austria, who
lived in such complete retirement with
her parents, sq that the King had not
seen- her . before she was seventeen or
eighteen.
A few days later the King is resolved,
takes an official trip to Castle Possen
hofen, and asks his uncle for the hand
of his youngest daughter, which he Is
promised with the greatest alacrity.
Princess Elsa finds herself the "King's
bride," and finds her chief delight in
repeating this to herself. Countess
Larisch describes a meeting of the
King and his bride, the trysting place
being the park around Possenhofen.
Bride and bridegroom composed verses
and each read the latest composition to
the other. In the meantime the beau
tiful Wally yon Sartory was at work to
attain her ends. She crosses the lake at
Plan of the Biggest Telescope in the World.
Proposed by a Philadelphia Man Who Believes it Will Reveal Wonders in the Heavens.
AT LAST the secrets of the heav
ens are to be an open book. No
longer the planets will continue
objects of problematic mysti
cism, for the efficacy of what
promises to be the most mar
velous telescope ever wrought by man
is vouched for by the inventor to lay
bare all that which until the present
time has puzzled astronomers. With
the aid of this instrument it is said
that man will at last be able to com
municate with such other beings on
Mars as correspond to the inhabitants
of the earth. Whatever their habits,
their stature, their whole manner of ex
istence will be revealed minutely for the
benefit of those fortunate enough to
gaze through this wonderfully made
lens.
It has been left for a resident of
Philadelphia to conceive of a telescope
with such enormous power of attrac
tion. For years the idea has been slow
GENERAL PLfIN OF THE PROPOSED NEW GIANT TELESCOPE.
night and watches the King and the
Princess in the park, and hears the
song, which she soon learns. Countess
Larisch. gives her readers the text and
the music of the wonderful song— but
she does not mention either poet or
composer, and only says Princess Elsa
received it in some mysterious manner.
Wally yon Sartory gets herself made
lady-in-waiting to Princess Elsa, and
when she is alone with her she uses her
hypnotic powers, sends the Princess to
sleep and suggests to her that she must
not love the King — she must not be
come the King's bride. The Princess
suffers from these suggestions in her
sleep, and she wakes up with a painful
sensation. Still the suggestion has
taken effect. She shows her ladv-in
waiting a blue Rilk watchguard on
which she has embroidered a crowned
silver swan.
The Princess worked it for the King,
but now, obeying tjie suggestion, she
does not care for it and gives it to her
lady-in-waiting, who is treacherous
enough to show it to the King as a
present from the Princess, and then
gives it to the King's aide-de-camp.
Baron Decker, saying she was desired
by the Princess to present him with it.
One evening she arranges the candles
on the piano at which the Princess is
seated, while she sings the song to the
King in such a manner that they top
ple over on the music and the only
copy of the song is burned. The
Princess cannot sing the song because
her maid of honor has before this sug
gested in her sleep that she must for
get the words and music of the song.
ly maturing in his mind until now he
has reached the stage when he con
siders a practical experiment safe.
That such a telescope will cost much
money is a natural inference. The tele
scope, according to the statement of
the inventor, should primarily be a na
tional affair, and the achievements that
would result would therefore redound
to the glory of the country as well as
to the individual scientist.
According to the inventor, Rudolph !
M. Hunter, it is simply a question of :
supplying lenses in sufficient quantities I
to bring close to earth the wonders of j
the heavens. Where other telescopes ■
consist of one lens of the refractory
kind measured simply by inches, the j
Philadelphia inventor proposes to use |
any number of lenses placed together I
in the form of a reflector, as shown dis-'j
tinctly in the accompanying picture.
"I propose to build a telescope of such
magnitude that nothing need any long
er be mysterious as far as the planets
are concerned." said the inventor, "or j
rather it would be for the Government i
of the country to stand behind an en
In the confusion he discovers th*
watchguard on Baron Decker's waist
coat, and. accustomed as he was to be
ing deceived, he immediately suspected
his bride.
This is the beginning of the rupture
which leads to the break.ng off of the
betrothal between the King and the
Princess. The King refuses to be in
formed of affairs of state. Like Fred
erick the Great, all he wishes is to "suf
fer and be silent." At last he resolves
to retire to the solitude of the Swan
Castle in the Bavarian Alps, where he
built a splendid castle containing hun
dreds of works of art, all referring to
the Myth of the Swan. This is "Neu
schwanstein," the actual marvel of the
Bavarian Alps. He suffered from
insomnia and can never go
to sleep without drugs. He
dines at a table with room for thirteen
guests, and at which thirteen chairs
stand before thirteen covers. He has
terrible visions and the word passes
around that the King sees ghosts.
One day the King ordered his car
riage and drove to the court theater,
whose performances he directed that
he alone should attend. He had heard
that a new actress has been appointed
— Wally yon Sartory — who has become
famous in the meantime. He does not
recognize the singer. After the per
formance he sends for her to the con
servatory, where she is to declaim por
tions of other poems. At last she has
attained what she strived for so long.
Sh^ speaks the part of Phaedra. She
speaks with irresistible passion and im
presses the King so deeply that ha.
leaves his hiding place and walks up to
her. She is just speaking the love scene
with Hyppolitus. Suddenly she falls on
her knees before the King and gazes up
into his eyes with the expression of
maddening love. The King is speech
less for an instant, then recovers from
his surprise and putting her away ppte&
out: "Go! Go!"
She makes one last attempt; she runs
to the piano and sings the song of the
wondrous flower. But the effect is not
what she expects — the King stood mo
tionless and cried: "Elsa!"
She then betrays to the King the
whole intrigue against his love.
To escape from his thoughts the king
runs into the park and seeks the shore.
One shade will not leave him — the Kingr
tries to walk away from it and his feet
touch the water. Then a fresh vision
appears to him: he sees Elsa coming to
meet him in the on the lake.
He shakes the shade that clings to him
with all his power and flings it from
him, while he cries: "Leave me! I
must cross the lake. I shall walk over
the water. Elsia, I am coming! Our
Father, who art in heaven" — and as ha
said these words • he strode into the
lake. COUNTESS LARISCH.
So ends this remarkable story — and
so ended the life of the Kingof Bavaria.
terprise that is to be of untold benefit
to the nation and to man. I have no
desire to gain a profit from my inven
tion.
"The great reflector will be supported
at an angle upon an immense platform.
i This platform rests on truck/3 that
I move on a circular, or rather spiral-
I track. The object of the track?
ply the manner in which the oper
will be able to focus his enormous
rument. The weight of the whole
Id make any other method an im
iibility. By moving the platform
g the track one way or the other
distance from the operator in the
;r can be lengthened or lessened,
raulic power devices will change
angle of the reflector in whatever
ction desired. Electrical power is
c the means of moving the reflector
the track, and the smoothness of
carriage will be something new en
y in locomotion.
"I am one of those who think the loss
of a faithful servant the loss of a friend."
Is a recently reported saying of Queen,
Victoria.
2324
CAPTAIN DICK
AND CAPTAIN JACKA
BY
Q
Copyright. I?9S. by A. Quil'.er Couch.
I DARE say you've never heard tell of my wife's grandfather, Captain
John TackaUrd— or C'ap'n Jacka. as he was always called. He was a
remarkable man altogether, and he died of a seizure In the Waterloo
year; an earnest Methody all hip days, and toward the end a highly
r< spected class leader. To tell you the truth, he wasn't much to look at,
being bald as a coot and blind of one eye, besides other defects. His
mother let him run too soon, and that made his legs bandy. And then a
bee stung him, and all his hair came off. And his eye he lost In a little job
with the preventive men; but his lid drooped so you'd hardly know 'twas
missing. He'd a way, too, of talking to himself as he went along, so that
folks reckoned him silly. It was queer how that maggot stuck in their
hrads; for In handling a privateer or a Guernsey cargo— sink the crop or
run it straight— there wasn't hie master in Polperro. The very children
could tell 'cc.
I'm telling of the year 'five, when the most of the business in Polperro—
free trade and privateering 1 — waß managed, as the world knows, by Mr.
Zephanluh Job. This Job, he came from St. Ann's— by reason of his hav
ing shied some person's child out of a window in a fit of temper—and
opened school at Polperro, where he taught rule of three and mensuration;
also navigation, though hv only knew about it on paper. By and by he
became accountant to all the frt-e-trade companies and agent for the
Guernsey merchants; and at last blossomed out and opened a bank with
£1 and £2 notes, and bigger ones which he drew on Christopher Smith,
Alderman of London. In those da.y? gold was so scarce that the Jews wore
buying guinea? for 27 shillings apiece, collecting them, folks said, for the
Government to send to the armies. You wouldn't see a gold piece in Pol
t>erro not once In twelve months.
Well, this Job was agent for a company of adventurers called the
"Pride o' the West," and had ordered a new lugger to be built for them
down at Mevagissey. She was called the Unity, 160 tons (that would be
about *)0 as they measure now), mounting sixteen carriage guns and carry
ing sixty men, nice and comfortable. She was lying on the ways, ready
pch, and Mr. Job proposed to Cap'n Jacka to sail over to Mevagis
sey ami have a look at her.
Cap'n Jacka was pleased as Punch, of course. He'd quite made up his
mind he was to command her. seeing that, rirst and last, in the old Pride
lugger, he had cleared over 40 per cent for this very company. So they
: over and took thorough stork of the new craft, and Jacka praised
this anil suggested that, and carried on quite as if he'd got a captain's
orders inside his hat— which was where he usually carried them. Mr. Job
looked sidelong down his nose— he was a leggy old galliganter with sil
verish gray hair and a jawbone long enough to make Cap'n Jacka a new
pair of shins— and said he "What do'ee think of her?"
"Well." said Jacka, "any fool can see she'll run. and any fool can see
phe'H reach. I reckon she'll come about us fast as the old Pride, and If
sh»> don't sit nigher the wind than the new revenue cutter it'll be your
eaiimaker's fault."
"That's a first class report." said Mr. Job. "I was thinking of offering
you the )" st of mate In her."
Cap'n Jacka felt poorly all of a sudden. "Aw." he asked, " who's to be
■kipper, then?"
"The company was thinking- of young Dick Hewitt."
"Aw." said Cap'n Jacka again, and shut his mouth tight. Young Dick
Ji "Witt's father had shares In the company and money to buy votes be
sides.
"What do'ee think?" askpd Mr. Job, still slanting his eye down his nose.
"I'll go home an' take my wife's opinion." said Cap'n Jacka.
So when he got home he told it all to his funny little wife that he doted
on like the yapple of his one eye. She was a small, round body, with
beady eyes that made her look like a doll on a penwiper; and she said, of
course, that the company was a parcel of rogues and fools together.
"Young Dick Hewitt is every bit so good a seaman as I be," said Cap'n
Jacka.
"He's a boaster."
"So he is, but he's a smart seaman for all."
"I declare if the world was to come to an end you'd sit Quiet an' never
Bay a word."
"I dessay I should. I'd leave you to speak up for me."
"Balnt'ee goin' to say nothln'. then?"
"Iss; I'm going to lay it before the Lord."
So down 'pon their knees those old souls went upon the limeash, and
asked for guidance, and Cap'n Jacka. aftt-r a while, stretched out his hand
to the shelf for Wesley's hymns. They always pitched a hymn together
before going to bed. When he'd got the book in his hand he saw that
'twasn't Wesley at all. but another that he never studied from the day his
wife gave it to him. because it was called the "Only Hymn Book," and
he said the name whs as good as a He. Hows'ever, he opened it now, and
came slap on the hymn:*
"Tho' troubles assail and dangers affright,
If friends all should fail and foes all unite.
Yet one thing assures us, whatever betide,
I trust in all dangers the Lord will provide."
They sang It there and then to the tune of "O All That Pass By," and
the very next morning Cap'n Jacka walked down and told Mr. Job he was
ready to go for mate under young Dick Hewitt.
More than once, the next week or two, he came near to repenting- for
Cap'n Dk-k was very loud about his promotion, especially at the Three
Pilchard?; and when the I'nity came round and was lining— very slow too
by reason of delay with her letters of marque— he ordered Cap'n Jacka
back and forth like a stevedore's dog. "There was to be no 'nigh enoutrh"
on this lugger"— that was the Bort of talk; and oil and rotten-stone for
the vi-ry guiiHwivcls. But Jacka knew the fellow, and even admired the
great ligure and its loud ways. "He's a cap'n, anyhow," he told his wifo
•• 'twoirt be 'all fellows u< football' while he's in command. And I've «<>. n
him hnndle the Good Intent under Hockin." "
Mrs. Tackablrd said nothing. She was busy making sausages and set
JACKSON FARLEY, the Great Indian Fighter of Mendocino County.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1898.
ting down a stug of butter for her man's use on the voyage. But he knew
she would be a disappointed woman if he didn't contrive In some honest
way to turn the tables on the company and their new pet. For days to
gether he went about whistling "Tho' troubles assail • • •"; and
the very night before sailing, as they sat quiet, one each side of the hearth,
he made the old woman jump by saying all of a sudden, "Coals o' fire!"
'^Vhat dee mean by that?" she asked.
"Nothin 1 . I was thinkin" to myself, and out it popped."
"Well, 'tis like a Providence. For, till you said that, I'd clean forgot
the sifter for your cuddy fire. Mustn't waste cinders now that you're only
a mate."
Being a woman, she couldn't forego that little dig; but she got up there
and then gave the old boy a kiss.
She wouldn't walk down to the quay, though, next day, to see him off.
being certain (she said) to lose her temper at the sight of Captain Dick
carrying on as big as bull's beef, not to mention the sneering shareholders
and their wives. So Captain Jacka took his congees at his own door and
turned half way down the street and waved a good-by with the cinder
sifter. She used to say afterward that this was Providence, too.
The Unity ran straight across until she made Ushant light, and, after
cruising about for a couple of days in moderate weather (It being the first
week in April), Captain Dick laid her head east and began to nose up
channel, keeping an easy little distance off the French coajst. You see, the
channel was full of our ships and neutrals in those days, which made fat
work for the French privateers; but the Frenchies' own vessels kept close
over on their coast, and even so the best our boys could expect, nine times
out of ten when they'd crossed over, was to run against a chasse-maree
dodging between Cherbourg and St. Malo or Morlaix with naval stores or
munitions of war.
However, Captain Dick had very good luck. One morning, about three
leagues northwest of Roscoff, what should he see but a French privateer-
Ing craft of about fifty tons (new measurement), with an English trader
In tow— a London brig, with a cargo of all sorts, that had fallen behind her
convoy and been snapped up in mid-channel. Captain Dick had tho
weather gauge, as well as the legs of the French chasse-maree. She was
about a league to leeward when the morning- lifted and he first spied her.
By 7 o'clock he was close, and by 8 had made himself master of her and
the prize, with the loss of two men only and four wounded, the Frenchman
being short-handed, by reason of tho crew he'd put into the brig to work
her Into Morlaix.
This was first rate business. To begin with, the brig (she was called
the Martha Edwards of London), would yield a tidy little sum for salvage.
The wind being fair for Plymouth, Captain Dick sent her into that port—
her own captain and crew working her, of course, and thirty Frenchmen
on board in irons. And at Plymouth she arrived without any mishap.
"Off She Went Under a Rattling Shower prom the
Enemy's Bow Cannon and Musketry."
Then came the chasse-maree. She was called the Bean Pheasant,* an
old craft and powerful leaky; but she mounted sixteen guns, the same as
the Unity, antf ought to have made a better run from her; but first, she
hadn't been able to make her mind to desert her prize pretty well within
sight of porf and in the second place her men had a fair Job to keep her
pumps going. Captain Dick considered, and then turned to old Jacka.
"I'm thinking." said he, "I'll have to put you aboard with a prize crew
to work her back to Polperro." _ " *
"The Lord will provide, " said Jacka, though he had looked to see a
little more of the fun. ' *»» ... !_,
So aboard he went with all his belongings, not forgetting his wife s
sausages and the stug of butter and the cinder sifter. Toward the end of
the action about fifteen of the Johnnies had got out the brig's large boat
and pulled her ashore, where, no doubt, they reached, safe and sound. So
Jncka hadn't more than a dozen prisoners to look after, and prepared for
a comfortable little homeward trip.
"I'll just cruise between this and Jersey," said Captain Dick; "and at
the week-end, if there's nothing doing, we'll put back for home and n-s'ilp
you. "
So they parted, and by 10:30 Cap'n Jacka had laid the Bean Pheasant's
head north-and-by-west, and was reaching along nicely for home, with a
HtlfT breeze, and nothing to do but keep the pumps going and attend to his
eating and drinking between whiles.
The prize made a good deal of water, but was a weathjerly craft for all
that, and on this point of sailing shipped nothing but what she took in
through her seams; the worst or the mischief being forward, where her
stem had worked a bit loose with age and started the bends. Cap'n Jacka,
however, thought less of the sea— that was working up into a nasty lop —
than of the weather, which turned thick and hazy as the wind veered a
little to west of south. But even this didn't trouble him much. He had
sausages for breakfast and sausages for dinner, and. as evening drew on,
and he knew he was well on the right side of the channel, he knocked out
his pipe and began to think of sausages for tea.
Just then one of the hands forward dropped pumping and sang out
that there was a big sail on the starboard bow. "I b'lieve 'tis a frigate,
sir," he said, spying oetween his hands.
So it was. She had sprung on them out of the thick weather. But now
Captain Jacka could see the white line on her and the ports quite plain, and
not two miles away.
"What nation?" he bawled.
"I can't make out as she carries any flag— losh me! if there bain t an
other"'
Sure as I'm telling you, another frigate there was. likewise standing
down toward them under easy canvas, on the same starboard tack, a mile
astern, but well to windward of the first.
"Whatever they be," said Captain Jacka, "they're bound to head us
and they're bound to hail us. I'll go get my tea,", he said, "for if they're
Frenchmen, 'tis my last meal for months to come."
So he fetched out his frying pan and plenty sausages and fried away
for dear life— with butter, too. which was ruinous waste. He shared round
the sausages, two t6 each man, and kept the Bean Pheasant to her course
until the leading frigate fired a shot across her bows, and ran up the red,
white and blue; and then, knowing the worst, he rounded to as meek as a
lamb.
The long and short of it was that, inside the hour, the dozen Frenchmen
were free, and Captain Jacka and his men in their place, ironed hand and
foot, and the Bean Pheasant working back to France again with a young
gentleman of the French navy aboard in command of her.
But 'tis better to be lucky born, they say, than a rich man's son. By
this time it was blowing pretty well half a gale from sou-sou-west, and
before midnight a proper gale. The Bean Pheasant being kept head to sea,
took it smack-and-smaek on the breastbone, which was her leakiest spot;
and soon being down by the head, made shocking weather of it. 'Twas
next door to impossible to work the pump forward. Toward 1 in the morn
ing old Jacka was rolling about up to his waist as he sat. and trying to
comfort himself by singing "Tho' troubles assail." when the young French
gentleman came running with one of his Johnnies and knocked the irons
off the English boys and told- them to be brisk and help work the pumps,
or the lugger— that was already hove to— would go down under them.
"But where be you going?" he sings out— or French to that effect. For
Jacka was moving aft toward the cuddy there.
Jacka fetched up his best smuggling French and answered; "rhis here
lugger is going down. Any fonl can see that, as you're handling her. And
I'm going down on a full stomach."
With that he reached an arm into the cuddy, where he d stacked his
provisions that evening on top of the frying pan. But the laboring of the
ship had knocked everything there of a heap, and instead of the frying pan
he caught hold of his wife's cinder sifter.
At that moment the Frenchman ran up behind anil caught him a kick.
"Come out o' that, you old villain, and fall in at the after pump!" said he.
"Aw, very -well," paid Jack, turning at once— for the cinder sifter had
given him a bright idt-a, and he went right aft to his comrades. By this
time the Frenchmen were busy getting the first gun overboard.
They were so long that Jacka's boys had the after pump pretty well to
themselves, and between spells one or two ran and fetched buckets, making
out 'twas for extra baling; and all seemed to be working like niggers. But
by ajid by they called out all together with one woeful voice: "The pump
is chucked. The Dump is chucked!"
At this all the Frenchmen came running, the young officer leading and
crying to know what was the matter. ,
"A hes'p of cinders got awash, sir," said Jacka. "The pump's clogged
wi' 'em and won't work.' os
"Then we're lost, men!" said the officer, and he caught hold by the
foremast and leaned his face against it like a child.
This was Jacka's chance. " 'Lost, is it? Iss, I reckon you be lost'—
and inside o' ten minutes, unless you hearken to rayson. Here you bo not
twenty mile from the English coast, as I make it, and with a fair wind
Here you be. three times that distance and more from any port o' your
own, the wind dead on her nose, and you ram-stramming the weak snot of
her at a sea that's knocking the bows to Jericho. Now, Mossoo you nut
her about and run for Plymouth. She may do it. Pitch over a coudlp nf
guns forr'ad. and quit messing with a ship you don't understand an' m
warn she will do it." ' x v
The young Frenchy was plucky as ginger. "What! Take her intr.
Plymouth and be made a prisoner. I'll sink first!" save he
But, you see, his crew weren't navy men to listen to him; and they
Last of the Indian Fighters.
CAHTO, Cal., Dec. 9.— The great
American Indian fighter, famed
in history and dime novel, is
rapidly becoming a memory of
the past. There are only a few
of him left. With the taming
and the thinning out of the Indian, his
occupation vanished, and if you dis
cover one to-day he is either a very
old man or else a very untruthful one,
especially in California, where the hos
tile savage has not been seen in many
years.
One of the few authenticated Indian
fighters of California is old Jackson
Farley, commonly known as "Uncle
Jack," who lives on his ranch high up
in the mountains of Mendocmo County.
Uncle Jack has passed his ninety
second birthday and will modestly ad
mit the killing of one hundred
Indians. Only he will not say
that he "killed" them; "stopped"
is his favorite expression — an expres
sion, by the way, that originated with
him in the early fifties and subsequent
ly became official vernacular among
scouts and cattlemen.
Between the years 1849 and 1865 Uncle
Jack was engaged in almost constant
warfare with the Indians of Mendoclno,
Trinity and Humboldt counties. He
came to California from Virginia with
the early settlers in search of adven
ture and fortune; and in search of re
venge, too, for during the journey
across the plains his best friend died
from an Indian's arrow, and Uncle Jack
fell easily into the then common belief
that the only good Indian was a dead
one.
Trophies galore of the balance of that
bloody journey he showed to The Call
representative. Scalps b'" the dozen,
chairs bottomed with Indian hide, razor
strops of the same grewsome material
and countless bows, arrows, toma
hawks and firearms.
"With neither wife nor c'.iild, only the
comradeship of a big mastiff. Uncle
Jack arrived here in 1R49 and settled
down to the business of stock raising
on the lonely mountain ranges of Men
docino.
F AMOUS JEWEL SWINDLES.
SOME time ago a quietly dressed
man entered the shop of a famous
Parisian diamond merchant and
requested to see the proprietor.
On his wish being granted, he drew
from his pocket a little packet of blue
gems and spread them before the jew
eler, asking for a candid opinion upon
their merits.
"Sapphires!" exclaimed the jeweler.
"Very fine ones. Do you wish to sell
them?"
"Do you wish to buy them, and as
many others as I can make?" returned
the visitor, quietly.
"Make! I don't follow you!"
"I made those sapphires before you,
but I defy you to discover a flaw in
them." explained the visitor, with some
From 1850 to 1856 there were no In
dian agencies established, and the ad
vent of a white man was an invitation
to the treacherous instincts of the In
dian. Murder, arson and cattle and
horse stealing ran riot.
Farley went out one morning to in
spect his stock, and found that twenty
five horses and a hundred head of cat
tle had been stolen, and that his favor
ite saddle horse had been killed and
mutilated, its mane and tail hanging
defiantly on the gate posts of the cor
ral.
Uncle Jack hastened back to his
cabin, where he secured extra ammuni
tion and another brace of six-shooters.
Three friendly prospectors with an ex
tra horse were in the neighborhood,
and they and Uncle Jack set forth in
pursuit of the thieves. Reaching a
deep canyon where one of the Eel River
tributaries came cascading down the
mountain they were about to water
their horses when they were struck by
the peculiar color of the water. It was
blood red.
This was enough to tell Uncle Jack
that the Indians were butchering his
cattle up the river and washing the
carcasses in the stream.
In a flash he and his companions
were riding up the trail, where they
soon met a shower of arrows. This was
in the day of the muzzle-loading rifle,
and every one of their return shots had
to tell.
Uncle Jack and his friends dismount
ed and broke for cover. In the shelter
of trees and bushes they poured a slow
but deadly fire on the attacking red
men. As fast as the savages could re
organize and surround, the rifles of the
white men would cut gaps in the sav
apc circle. Time after time the Indians
were repulsed, and finally after five
hours of bitter fighting, their supply of
arrows gave out and they beat a re
treat.
Uncle Jack recovered only a remnant
of his band of cattle and none of the
horses; but exactly forty Indians,
"good and dead," marked the quantity
of his vengeance. This was one of
Uncle Jack's most successful days; it
soon became historic and was instru
mental in securing him a Governmental
scoutship when the first Indian post
was established in 1856.
show of pride; and he went on to state
he had discovered a method of making
not sham gems, but real ones.
The jeweler was incredulous; the
gems before him were unquestionably
genuine.
"Well, I'll let you have that lot for
$10," replied the inventor, "and I can
make you any number you like for $1
each, and you must know that they are
worth from $8 to $16 each. The fact is
I want you to enter into partnership
with me for the manufacture and sale
of these gems; I'll manufacture them
and you can sell, and in this way we
can work In secret and scoop the mar
ket."
The bated breath of the dealer In
precious stones was fairly taken out of
his body by this noble offer, and he,
having bought the sapphires at the
price asked, said he would think the
matter over and give his decision if the
"Pitch a Couple of Guns Overboard and Quit
Messing a Ship You Don't Understand,"
Said Captain Jacka.
had wives and families, and knew that Cap n Jacka s was their only
chance. In five minutes, for all the officer's stamping and morblewing,
they had the Bean Pheasant about, and were running for the English
Now I've got to go back and tell you what was happening to the Unity
in all this while. About 4 in the afternoon Cap'n Dick, not liking the look:
of the weather at all, and knowing that, so long as it lasted, he might
whistle for prizes, changed his mind and determined to run back to Pol
perro, so as to reship Cap'n Jacka and the prize crew almost as soon a-^J
they arrived. By 5 o'clock he was well on his way, the Unity skipplngw
along quite as if she enjoyed it, and ran before the gale all that night. V "
Toward 3 in the morning the wind moderated, and by 4:30 the gale had
blown itself out. Just about then the lookout came to Cap'n Dick, who had
turned In for a spell, and reported two ships' lights, one on each side of
them. The chances against their being Frenchmen, out here in this part
of the channel, were about five to two; so Cap'n Dick cracked on; and at
daybreak— about 5:15 — found himself right slap between the very two fri
gates that had called Jacka to halt the evening before.
One was fetching along on the port tack and the other on the weather
side of him, just making ready to put about. They both ran up the white
ensign at sight of him; but this meant nothing. And in a few minutes the
frigate to starboard fired a shot across his bows and hoisted her French,
flag.
Cap'n Dick feigned to take the hint. He shortened sail and rounded at
a nice distance under the lee of the enemy — both frigates now lying to
quite contentedly with their sails aback, and lowering their boats. But
the first boat had hardly dropped a foot from the davits when he sung out,
"Wurroo. lads!" and up again went the Unity's great lug sail in a jiffy.
The Frer^men, like their sails, were all aback; and before they could tire
a gun the Unity was pinching up to windward of them. With Cap'n Dick,
at the helm, and all the rest of the crew flat on their stomachs. Off she
went under a rattling shower from the enemy's bow-chasers and musketry,
and was out of range without a man hurt, and with no more damage than
a hole or two in the mizzen lug. The Frenchmen were a good ten minutes
trimming sails and. bracing their yards for a chase; and by that time
Cap'n Dick had slanted up well on their weather bow. Before breakfast
time he was shaking his sides at the sight of seven hundred odd Johnnies
vainly, spreading and trimming more. canvas to catch up their leeway (for
at first the lazy dogs had barely", unreefed courses after the gale, and still
had their topgallant masts housed). Likely enough they had work on
hand more important than chasing a small lugger all day; for at 7 o'clock;
they gave up and stood away to the southeast, and left the Unity free to
head back homeward on her old course.
'Twas a surprising feat to slip out of grasp in this way and past two
broadsides, any gun of which could have sent him to the bottom; and
Cap'n Dick wasn't one to miss boasting over it. Even during the chase he
couldn't help carrying on in his usual loud and cheeky way. waving good
by to the Mossoos, offering them a tow rope, and The like; but now th-a»
deck wasn't big enough to hold his swagger, and in their joy of escaping
a French prison, the men encouraged him, so that to hear them talk you'd;
have thought he was Admiral Nelson and Sir Sidney Smith rolled into one.
By 9 o'clock they made out the Eddystone on their starboard bow; and
a little after— the morning being bright and clear, with a nice, steady
breeze— they saw a sail right ahead of them, making in for Plymouth
Sound. And who should it be but the old Bean Pheasant, deep as a log!
Cap'n Dick cracked along after her, and a picture she was as he drew up
close! Six of her guns had gone, her men were baling in two gangs, and
still she was down a bit by the head, and her stern yawing like a terrier's
tail when his head's in a rabbit hole. And there at the tiller stood Cap'n
Jacka, his bald head shining like a statue of fun, and his one eye twinkling
with blessed satisfaction as he cocked it every now and then for a glanca
over his right shoulder.
"Hullo! What's amiss?" sang out Cap'n Dick, as the Unity fetched
within hail. ,'■:'
"Aw, nothin', nothin'. 'Tho troubles assail an' dangers— stiddy there,
you old angletwitch!— she's a bit too fond o' smelling the wind, that's all.''
As a matter of fact she'd taken more water over her quarters than
Jacka cared to think about, now that the danger was over.
"But what brings 'cc here? An' what cheer wi' you?" he asked.
This was Cap'n Dick's chance. "I've run between two French fri«
gates," he boasted, "in broad day, an' given the slip to both!"
"Dear, now!" said Cap'n Jacka. "So have I— in broad day, too. They
must ha' been the very same. What did 'cc take out of 'em?"
"Take! They were two war frigates, I tell 'cc!"
"Iss; iss; don't lose your temper. All I managed to take was this young
French orcifer here; but I thought, maybe, that having a handle?
Jacka chuckled a bit; but he wasn't one to keep a joke going for spite
"Look-y-here, cap'n," he said; "I'll hear your tale when we get into
dock, and you shall hear mine. What I want 'cc to do just now is to take
this here lugger again and sail along into Plymouth with her as your prize
I wants, if possible, to spare the feelins of this young gentleman an'
make it look that he was brought in by force. For so he was, though not
in the common way. An' I likes the fellow, too, though he do kick terrible
m They do say that two days later, when Cap'n Jacka walked up to hia A
own door, he carried the cinder sifter under his arm: and that before pvpbAl
he kissed his wife he stepped fore and hitched it on a nail right in th.W
middle of the wall over the chimney piece, between John Wesley and thd|r
weather glass. O
. 'Probably "Olney." 'Probably "Bienfaisant." Vi "
inventor would call next day, and the
inventor departed.
No sooner had he gone than the
dealer rushed to his testing-room and
put his newly acquired sapphires to
every possible test. What could it all
mean? They were undoubtedly real!
How could he suspect a fraud when the
seller had parted with them for less
than a tenth of their value? No, his
fortune was made.
A few days later he visited the labor
atory of his scientific visitor and had
some genuine sapphires manufactured
while he waited. That clinched the
matter. Thirty hours after he signed
a deed of partnership with the scien
tist, paid over the sum of $40,000 in
hard cash as first installment of the
$250,000 which was the price of half the
secret, and returned home to dream of
mountains of money and sapphires as
large as continents.
Next morning the scientist left his
abode with $40,000 on his person, smil
ing grimly as he looked for the last
time round his ostentatious laboratory,
chuckling at the thought of how he had
set a sprat to catch a whale, that is,
$100 worth of genuine sapphires for
$40,000. And at Calais, where he set out
for new worlds to conquer, he met two
other scientific gentlemen who had been
working similar schemes simultaneous
ly upon two other diamond merchants.
The idea of manufacturing genuine
precious stones and metals at a cost
which admits of a profit being made is
a notion offering such boundless for
tunes to any one who could invent the
process that even the most wary busi
ness men have been defrauded by per
sons who have claimed ability to work
the wonder. Probably the majority of
such fraudulent schemes have been in
connection with either the making of
gold from some mineral or minerals, or
of extracting gold in paying quantities
from sources where it exists in the
most minute quantities — for example,
the oceans. But one of the most auda
cious and at the same time successful
of such swindles was perpetrated in
Austria a few years since.
A self-styled scientist stated that he
had discovered a process by which an
admixture of silver and copper could
be turned into two-thirds its weieht of
the purest gold that could be discov
ered, and as the process was remark
ably inexpensive, and the admixture
was two and a half of copper to one
and a half of silver, the scheme
smacked of fortunes parallel only to
national debts. The marvelous
scheme was put before some of the
wealthiest dealers in precious stones
and metals, who were previously bound
under a penalty not to disclose any of
the secrets of the process. This was
mere fantasy, for there was no process,
and, consequently, it had no secrets;
but the detail served as dust in the
eyes of the future victims.
Demonstrations of certain portions of
the process were made privately before
each c-f the gentlemen who had been
generously invited to become rich by
the scheme, and so cleverly were these
demonstrations made that the pseudo
scientist had but little difficulty in per
suading eight men of wealth to form a
secret and select syndicate to work his
process. With a view to improving his
inventions the scientist occupied in
making further experiments all the
time which was necessary for him to
get in his victims' investments, and
then he proved how money-making his
scheme was by eloping with nearly $50,
000 and skipping to a country where he
could enjoy in peace and seclusion the
fame and honor his wonderful discovery
had drawn "thick upon him" from the
worlds of science. His telephonic ad
dress is not known.
A well-dressed gentleman walked into
a Vienna jewelry establishment on one
occasion and requested the manager
to send an assortment of diamond neck
laces and bracelets to Count Some
thingorother at one of the best hotels
in the town during the course of the
day. The manager, who easily recog
nized in his customer the personality
of one of the first princes in Germany,
replied, with an urbanity which might
have melted the self-same diamonds,
that the esteemed order should be com
plied with. He not unnaturally con
cluded that the prince was traveling in
cognito, for there could be no question
as to who Count Somethingorother
really was.
The jewels were taken to the Count's
hotel later in the day by the manager
himself, who could not do honor enough
to the royal customer. During the ex
amination of the jewels the manager
let out that he detected the Count's
identity, whereupon the latter professed
intense annoyance and begged the man
ager to be discreet, as he particularly
desired his presence in Vienna to be ab
solutely secret; he had come unattended
with that express intention. Finally,
after much indecision, he selected $4000
worth of jewelry, which he directed
should be sent around to the flat of a
then famous singer, bearing no indica
tion of whence it emanated beyond be
ing tied up in a particular way. He
would be leaving Vienna that evening
and on reaching Berlin would forward
full remittance. A
In dealing with royal personages it is'
gross impertinence to think of the pay
ment, so the case of jewels was pent as
directed, and it was taken in and signed
for by one of the servants of the fiat,
who the same evening eloped with the
Prince and sought other climates.
The Prince, whose personality the
jeweler had so smartly detected, was a
super at the theater where nightly
sang the singer who did not get the dia
monds. The maid who did get them
was engaged to the princely super, and,
as has been seen, she acted up to h>r
engagement and likewise brought her
husband a very handsome dot.
• m «
The first member of the reformed Par
liament reproved by the chair for unseem
ly language was Daniel O'Connell. the
great Irish agitator. The Incident, which
occurred in the first week of the meeting
of the House of Commons, is also re
markable for having evoked from the
Speaker a definite ruling on an interest
ing constitutional point. The "Speech
m called attention, among
other things, to the Insecurity of life ana
property in Ireland, ami asked for cc
erclve measures for the repression of
crime In the course of the debate O'Con
nell characterized the speech from th»
throne as "brutal and bloody." l^ord
John Russell at once moved that the
words be taken down. "Oh!" exclaimed
t> tonnell, "when we speak of Ireland and
her wrongs it must be
"In bondsman's key,
with bated breath and wMsperlng, hum
bleness."
.Lord John Russrll objected to the word
bloody" being applied to a speech which
had, only a few days previously, ueen de
livered by the King— William tV— in per
son in the House of Lords. O'Connell in
sisted that it was not the speech of VtM
King but the speech of the Ministers. T, W
Speaker agreed with the honorable and
learned member on the constitutional
point, but informed him that his language
was not calculated to preserve order and
decency of debate. The "bloody and brutal
"Whigs subsequently became a popular
Fhrase with O'Connell in his speeches in
reland, and, indeed, is not unknown to«
day in Irish political controversies.— Nine* m
teenth Century. ■ANNUAL REPORT JUST PRE SENTED TO THE
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE
THE Salvation Army co-operative
colony near Soledad, Monterey
County, is a success.
Nearly one hundred people
have been raised out of the
plough of despond by it and from being
discontented and starving residents of
a big city have been turned into valu
able and independent citizens of the
new colony. Cold and hunger have been
replaced by warmth and plenty and
misery transformed to cheer.
Major W. W. Winchell, who has been
the prime mover in the enterprise, has
just sent a report to this effect to the
Chamber of Commerce. It covers the
entire work done for the first year of
the new colony and is highly satisfac
tory to all concerned. Some officials of
Urn Salvation Army say that the re
sults are far beyond their most san
guine anticipation.
The name of the new colony near
Poledad is Fort Romie, called after the
man who allowed the Salvation Army
to buy the land on such terms as would
make the plan possible. This is the
third colony established by the army.
The others are located in Colorado and
Ohio.
It is nearly two years since the pro
ject <>f starting a colony in California
was first mentioned. At that time
( '.imrnander Booth-Tucker appeared
before the Chamber of Commerce and
explained his scheme and his hopes.
The members were so impressed that
a committee was formed on the spot.
This was named the Citizens' Coloniza
tion Committee, with ex-Mayor Ellert
a? ( hairman and Daniel Meyer as treas
urer and thirty business men of Cali
fornia on the advisory board. The
commander asked them for $25,000 in
cash, to be raised by subscription or
loan. The committee raised $19,500,
mostly on loans. .
In the meantime much care was
taken in selecting the location for the
colony. Soil and climate had to be care
fully 'considered for such a.i experi
ment. A 519-acre tract of land In Sa
linas Valley, Monterey County, was se
lected. Commander Booth-Tucker with
the committee having inspected it per
sonally. The soil was found to be a
rich alluvial, capable of sustaining
either root or cereal crop.
Once everything was decided upon,
the plans were rushed forward with all
possible speed. Only a few months
after the money was obtained and the
land secured the first colonists were on
the land. This was about the middle of
October, 1897.
At this time the colony land present
ed anything but a desirable appear
ance. The weather was cold and windy
and the landscape looked wild and
bleak. There was only one old house
on the entire tract of 519 acres, and the
dried remains of the previous wheat
crop covered the surface of the land.
There were only two colonists in the
first party, the other members being
MADE THE HIGHEST BALLOON ASCENSION ON RECORD.
Henry Coxwell tells how he ascended seven miles above the surface of the earth and of his novel experience in the high altitudes.
Special to The Sunday Call.
LONDON", Dec. 2.— The aerial
ascent at the Crystal Palace of
Stanley Spencer has caused a
great sensation here, and the
feat has been declared to be a
record one. Spencer ascended to a great
height, but there is still living, at the
age of 80, the famous aeronautist,
Henry Coxwell, who, in 1862, with
James Glaiaher, F. R. S., reached a
height of seven miles from the surface
of the earth. Mr. Coxwell, who resides
at Seaford, Sussex, was requested by
your correspondent to give his views on
the recent achievement of Stanley
Spencer as compared with his own. He
responded by writing me the following
for publication in America:
The aeronautical feat for purely
scientific objects which was accom
plished in England on September 5, 1862,
to the unparalleled height of seven
miles, may well be contrasted and ex
amined by the side of Mr. Stanley
Spencer's ascension with Dr. Borsen, a
German scientist, on September 15 of
this year. Dr. Borsen claimed to have
ascended previously to very great
heights alone before he came to Lon
don and placed himself in the hands of
the Spencers with a view of surpassing
or equaling the 1862 record, which is
The first year of the Salvation Army's co-operative colony near So
letlad is drawing to an end. The results are most gratifying, and show
that what the poor of our cities want is help, not alms. Thirty fami
lies (nsarly 100 peopled have been raised out of the Slough of Despond.
The managers of the colony are highly elated with the scheme, and look
forward to the coming new year with great hope. All of the assisted
colonists have paid off their indebtedness to the Salvation Army, and
have from $200 to $350 each to their credit. Major Winchell has just
made a report to the Chamber of Commerce. This shows that the ex
pense of starting and maintaining the colony for one year has been
$21,554. The amount received for the purpose on notes, by donations, etc.,
was $21,654, leaving a balance of $ico, but with all the colonists on a self
sustaining basis.
simply workers sent ahead to prepare
for the coming of the families.
Before the party had been on the land
twenty-four hours active work was
commenced. The surveyor had made a
preliminary chart and located the lines
for the main street and the principal
buildings. The moment this was done
plowing commenced. At almost the
same moment work was commenced on
the first house.
The work was pushed along with all
possible speed, and by Christmas the
opening of the colony was a glad fact.
Seventeen families started out as colon
ists, filled with hope and enthusiasm
for the venture in which they were to
take such a prominent part.
There were children in nearly all of
these families, and no happier band of
youngsters could be found in all the
world than these, when they reached
the colony and contrasted its cheerful
space with crowded tenements they had
left in the cities. A school house and
teacher were ready, and the boys and
girls took up their studies within a few
days after their arrival.
The work of providing for others was
kept up, and before early spring there
were thirty cottages spread over the
land, each on its own ten-acre lot. In
each house there was a happy family.
Although there was room for more
people than this on the land, the Salva
tionists had not the money with which
to provide for others during the first
year.
The plan of the Salvation Army col
ony has been published in The Call on
different occasions, but a brief refer
ence to it is again necessary. It is to
provide homes for families who are
worthy and without means of support.
Nobody with any money will be taken
as colonists, nor will unmarried men
or women. The idia is to first provide
for families. The colonists are to be
supported by the clearest and most in
disputable testimonies of scientific dis
tinguished men.
The day selected for the recent ex
ploration was most suitable, and they
ascended, according to Mr. Stanley
Spencer's account, given to the inter
viewer of a morning newspaper, 27,000
feet from the earth. Before reaching
their maximum elevation, however,
which was only five miles and a fifth
from the ground, they had to apply
themselves to a vessel containing oxy
gen to prevent being suffocated by the
lighter and colder atmosphere which
was encountered.
"At 25,000 feet," said Spencer to his
interviewer, "the air was so rarefied
that I began to become giddy. I looked
at Dr. Borsen, and he was making a
gurgling noise as he breathed. 'Oxy
gen!' he gasped, and so I handed him
a tube at which he sucked and felt
quite exhilarated. 'I feel confident,' he
said, 'that with a good supply of oxy
gen we could go higher than has ever
been done yet.' "
Let me narrate by way of comparison
under what circumstances and for what
purpose Mr. Glaisher and I ascended in
the year 1862.
"We left the earth at lh. 3m. p. m.
The temperature of the air was 59 de
grees and that of the dew point 50 de
grees. At the height of 5000 feet (near
ly one mile) the temperature fell to
36.5 degrees, the dew point being the
same, this indicating that the air hpre
was saturated with moisture. At this
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUKDAY, DECEMBEII 11, 1898.
made independent by being given an
opportunity to buy their homes on easy
installments paid out of the product of
their land and their work for the Salva
tion Army colony.
Each family that has been sent to
the new colony has been given a house,
ten acres of land and credit to the
amount of $300 at the Salvation Army
store.
In order to protect itself from un
worthy people the land is only rented
to the colonists for the first year.
Should they prove worthy the $60 rent
money is applied on the $600 which is
to be paid for the land, house and wa
ter right from the colony plant. Should
they prove unworthy, the colonists
take away with them all in excess of
their indebtedness to the colony. It
will thus be seen that there is no unfair
advantage taken of colonists under
probation.
"This plan is necessary," said Major
Winchell, "for the colony can never be a
success as long as there are inharmon
ious elements which breed discontent
because everything is not done just as
they wish. Out of all the families sent
to the colony all but two will be allow
ed to buy their homes. These two fam
ilies are all right in some ways, but
they continually find fault with things
and try to stir up discontent among
the others. As it is, though, these peo
ple will take away about $500 as a re
sult of their year's work on the colony.
Not so bad when it is considered that
they went there without a cent."
All of the colonists except the first
two who went down on the wagon from
San Francisco were so nearly destitute
that the Salvation Army had to pay
for the transportation of them and
their freight. They were entirely with
out money, and nearly without hope.
But all have appreciated what was
done for them, and have made the best
elevation the report of a gun was heard.
"We reached the height of two miles
at lh. 22m., where the sky was of a
darker blue and whence the earth was
visible in occasional patches beneath
the clouds. The temperature had fallen
to the freezing point and the dew point
to 26 degrees. The height of three
miles was attained at lh. 28m., with a
temperature of 18 degrees and a dew
point of 13 degrees. From lh. 22m. to
lh. 30m. the wet bulb thermometer read
incorrectly, the ice not being properly
formed on It.
"We reached the elevation of four
miles at lh. 40m. The temperature was
8 degrees, the dew point minus 15 de
| grees, or 47 below the freezing point of
water. Discharging sand we attained
in ten minutes the altitude of five
miles, and the temperature had passed
below zero and then read minus 2 de
"My last observation was made at
lh. 54m.— above 29,000 feet (almost five
and a half miles). While powerless I
heard the words 'temperature' and 'ob
servation,' and I knew that Mr. Cox^
well was In the car, speaking to and en
deavoring to rouse me, therefore con
sciousness had returned. I then heard
him speak more emphatically, but could
not see, speak or move. I heard him
again say, 'Do try now, do!' Then the
instruments became dimly visible, then
Mr. Coxwell, and very shortly I saw
clearly. Next I rose In my seat and
looked around as though waking from
sleep, though not refreshed, and said
of their opportunities. All have been
frugal and industrious, and in every
instance each family will clear, above
all expenses, between $200 and $350.
All the colonists came to the land un
der practically the same circumstances,
received the same, tools to work with,
and have succeeded about equally well.
The case of C. H. Stohl is almost ex
actly like all the others, and will serve
as an example.
Mr. Stohl and his wife arrived at the
colony last February without any
means in the world of their own. Their
struggle in th* city had been a hard
one. But the Salvation Army came to
the rescue, and hope once more cast the
future in a bright light.
From abject poverty they were sud
denly transported into a home of their
own, with every necessity provided
and a chance of making themselves in
dependent in the days to come.
The ten acres of land about the
house was plowed and planted with
such produce as would prove valuable
for family consumption. Chickens and
pigs were also supplied. The things
which 1 were needed immediately were
obtained at the Salvation Army store
and charged against the credit check.
As well as working on his own plat of
ten acres, Mr. Stohl worked on the
tract that was being cultivated by the
army. The provisions raised here and
not used on the colony were shipped to
San Francisco to be used in relief work
among the poor. For this work Mr.
Stohl was given credit for $1 50 per
day. His work here amounted to $122.
His expenses at the Salvation Army
store were $191, leaving him still owing
$68. But as the crop of his own land
sold for $250 and he did $50 worth of
work for neighboring ranchers he has a
neat balance of $232. Considering the
fact that this has been a bad year for
crops, and that owing to the fact that
watex for Irrigation did not get on the
land until June, and that beets could
not be planted, it makes a pretty good
showing, much better than many skill
ed laborers in the city can show for the
same time.
Besides the pecuniary gain, Mr. Stohl
has been entirely free from worry and
has consequently improved in health.
His wife looks ten years younger than
she did when she came to the colony
owing to the more healthy mode of life.
Other families make even a better
showing, for several babies were born
on the colony, and such bouncing ba
bies they are.
From all that can be learned from
these people, they are perfectly happy.
That Is, all except the two discordant
families already referred to. Most of
the people in the colony feel that they
have been given a first chance in life
and intend to make the best of it.
In concluding his report Major
Winchell says:
"The first year is nearly finished, and
to Mr. Coxwell, 'I have been insensible.'
He said, 'You have, and I, too, very
nearly.' I then drew up my legs, which
had been extended, and took a pencil
in my hand to begin observations. Mr.
Coxwell told me that he had lost the
use of his hands, which were black, and
I poured brandy over them.
"I resumed observations at 2h. 7m.,
recording the barometer reading at
11.35 inches, and temperature minus
two degrees. It is probable that three
or four minutes passed from the time
of my hearing the words 'temperature'
and 'observation' till I began to ob
serve, as returning consciousness came
at 2h. 4m., and this gives seven minutes
for total insensibility.
"Mr. Coxwell told me that while in
the ring he felt it piercingly cold; that
hoar frost was all round the neck of
the balloon, and that on attempting to
leave the ring he found his hands fro
zen. He had therefore to place his arms
on the ring and drop down. "When he
saw me he thought for a moment that
I had lain back to rest myself; he
wished to approach me, but could not,
and when he felt insensibility coming
over him he became anxious to open the
valve. But in consequence of having
lost the use of his hands he could not
do this. Ultimately he succeeded by
seizing the cord with his teeth, and dip
ping his head two or three times until
the balloon took a decided turn down
ward. We descended in the center of a
large grass field beloneing to Mr. Ker
sall at Cold Weston, seven and a half
it goes down in history, showing that
what these people want is opportunity,
not alms. They have acquitted them
selves like men. The thought of be
coming possessors of their own homes,
with land enough to sustain their
wives and little ones, with a cow, pigs
and chickens, has impelled them to
work with energy and perseverance.
"The most significant feature of the
entire venture is that in California's
dryest year, in one of its dryest val
leys, where the oldest and most expe
rienced ranchers for a hundred miles
about the colony have failed, these pio
neers have in spite of their inexperience
and strangeness to the land succeeded
and their abundant crops speak encour
agement. There have been difficulties
which seemed for a time would crush
every hope, but the Lord was our
helper."
Consul Booth-Tucker paid a visit to
the new colony last week and expressed
herself as surprised and pleased at the
wonderful progress that had been made.
"Nowhere else could this have been
done but in California," she said. She
visited each of the little homes and re
ceived a welcome and a blessing from
the inmates. She drove over the land
and saw the little farms, each with its
garden around the house. But what
impressed her most of all was that on
each face that she met was written the
word "happiness." It is now the aim
of the colonization department of the
Salvation Army to put several more
families on the land and also to start
other colonies. In a few years the re
sult will be a marked decrease of mis
ery in the crowded portions of our big
cities and hundreds will be giving
thanks for an abundance of Gods
blessed sunshine.
ANOTHER COMMUNIST
COLONY.
ANOTHER attempt at a commu
nistic colony is now being made
in this State and the originators<
of the plan are oonfldent of sue-<
cess. The colony will be located <
at Kelsey, about seven miles from^
Placerville, in El Dorado County, and (
it will be known as the Jacob Strahle
Co-operative Company.
The company, which was incor-'
porated last month, owns 520 acres oft
valuable slate and it is proposed toi
quarry this on the co-operative plan. (
Jacob Strahle is the prime mover in,
the scheme and he says that he has (
figured the thing out so neatly that
failure will be impossible. There is a
great and growing demand for slate on<
miles from Ludlow.
"I have already said that my last ob
servation was made at a height of 29,
000 feet. At this time, lh. 54m., we were
ascending at the rate of 1000 feet ocr
minute; and when I resumed observa
tions we were descending at the rate
of 2000 feet per mm. te. These two po
sitions must be connected, taking into
account the interval of time between
my thirteen minutes, and on these con
siderations the balloon must have at
tained a height of 37,000 feet (a little
over seven miles'*."
Concerning this aeronautical feat the
London Times said editorially on Sep
tember 11, 1862: "The aerial \oyage
just performed by Mr. Coxwell and Mr.
Glaisher deserves to rank with the
greatest feats f experimentalizes, dis
coverers and travelers."
Professor Glaisher died recently. Mr.
Coxwell, in spite of his great age, is
in good health.
In these days of bacilli and microbes
one ia constantly in danger of his
life. To be handed change by a car
conductor or a bundle of bills in a store
is to be handed so many thousand
germs of disease. But a remedy has
been found by which Madame and
Monsieur may be entirely immune from
microbes. The antiseptic glove is the
very latest fad among microbe maniacs.
They come in dainty kid and larger
sizes for men.
Following is one of the colonist's accounts, and gives a fair idea of
all the rest:
Family of four for ten months.
Groceries, clothing, etc $153 90 | ■ ■ „, ,r
Irrigation " 18 00 149 days labor 5223 ™
Rent on 10 acre 5....... 60 00 Dr. Bal. Oct. Ist ' 6 °°
Seed, plowing, etc ....67 75 j , $ - 2—2 —
• - . ... $299 65 •■"-*-.< ■ • ■
this coast, but the most of it is shipped
from the East. It is now used for
foundations, floors, steps, stairways,
fire-proofing, and in fact can be
adapted to almost any portion of a
building large or small. In speaking
of his project Mr. Strahle says:
"I have owned and operated the
quarry on a small scale for the past
five years, but have only been able to
operate it on a small scale as I have
not had sufficient capital and such cap
italists as have become interested in it
always wanted to buy outright.' I nave
been frozen out by capitalists in this
State several times and 'have had
enough of them su I looked for another
way out of my difficulty.
"My plan will make each man his
own employer and his own employe. He
will go to work in the morning for
himself, receive a day's wages, and at
the end of a specified time, perhaps six
months, receive a dividend on the
profits of his labor. Other plans have
failed because men went in with noth
ing and received no wages. They were
forced to wait for a dividend, and
through some misfortune this was long
in coming. The result was dissatisfac
tion and discord, men began to quarrel
with one another, the colonies were
broken up and another failure was
scored against the communists.
"Our scheme is simpler, more liberal,
and it gives to all an opportunity for
steady work at living wages with the
privilege of withdrawing with at least
what they put in at any time they see
fit. We will take in all kinds of skilled
Henry Coxweil, the Famous English Aeronaut, Who Ascended' Seven . Miles Above th :
Earth, the Greatest Height Ever Reached.
' ■ J •- • - - From a Photograph.'
as well as unskilled labor and there
will be work for all. The ground has*
been carefully surveyed, a town site
mapped out and the opening for quar
ries located. We will need carpenters,
bricklayers, painters, and in fact every
kind of skilled labor, and can guaran
tee them steady employment. We will
establish our own store and the profits
will go into the general fund.
"The wages will be graded according:
to the class of work, but dividends wilt
be equal. The men who do the brain
work will, of course, receive the high
est wages, then skilled workmen in!
their rank and lastly laborers. All will
be given a chance to improve them-,
selves so that when one man drops out
another can be promoted from the
ranks to take his place. This will offer
an incentive to good workmanship and
promote harmany.
"So far as disposing of the product*
of the colony is concerned, we expect to
find little or no difficulty. There are a
few men already at work, but they are
unable to supply the demand and I am
signing new contracts every day.
Within three months at the furthest
there will be a colony of at least three
hundred men at work and we are plan
ning all sorts of improvements, chief
among which is the building of a new
road to Placerville, which will shorten
the distance about two and one-half
miles. The success of the colony
means the opening up of a new indus
try in California and the keeping of
thousands of dollars within the State
which otherwise would go East."
2526
BLACK DRESS GOODS !
40c FANCY WEAVES, 38 inches wide, In nice designs; sale price.!2sc a yard
50c FIGURED E.VJLISH ALPACAS, 4 5 inches wide, in a variety of patterns;
sale price Issc a yard
75c CREPONS. 44 inches wide, extra good "alue; sale price sOe a yard
75c STORM SERGE, 46 In .'-lea wide, extra heavy, all-wool; sale price
50c a yard
$1 00 ENGLISH DIAGONALS, all-wool, 48 inches wide; sale price. 65c a yard
$1 25 CREPONS, in new and elegant designs; sale price 75c a yard
200 DRESS PATTERNS, suitable for Christm: presents; will be placed on
sale at ...jp^ 60. $3 00, $:$ 50, up to $20 OO each
Colored Dress Goods.
J±t 25 Cents.
86 pieces 36-INCH A LL-WOOL LADIES' CLOTH, in garnets, browns, green
and navy; former price 40c a yard; on special sale at 25c a yard.
-A.t 35 Cents.
105 pieces SS-INCH MIXED DRESS GOODS, all colors; worth 50c a yard;
will be offered at 35c a yard.
.A-t 65 Cents.
42 pieces 4S-INCH GOOD ALL-WOOL STORM SERGE, a full line of shades;
worth $l on a yard; on special sale at 65c a yard.
J±t 25 Oezrts.
!'.-. pieces 38-INCH DRESS cooDS in figured and mottled effects; former price
"."' a yard; on special sale at 25c a yard.
-A.t 7"5 Cents.
42 pieces 44-INCH NQVEL.TT BROCHE PLAIDS, new effects; regular price
$1 5o a yard; <>n sale at 7f>c a yard.
.A-t
27 pieces W-INCH SILK AND WOOL FRENCH DKi-SS GOODS, newest de-
signs; former price $1 r>o a yard; \vill be placed on sale at 51 00 a yard.
.A.t 45 Cents.
32 pieces 36-INCH REPP PLAIDS, fine designs; worth 75c a yard; on special
sale at 45c a yard.
.A.t 85 Cents.
22 pieces 46-INCH FIGURED CREPON SUITING, newest effects; good value
for $1 25 a "ard: on special sale at 85c a yard.
(flw Market, Jones and McAllister Sts^ /
SOCIETY.
THE holiday season, usually so
prolific in charitable entertain
ments. has been no exception
this y<ar. The principal affair
of the week at which society
poured tea and cut loaves for
sweet charity was the reception and sale
of fancy goods yesterday at the residence
of Miss Murison. 2234 Pacific avenue, for
the benefit of the furnishing fund of the
n< W St. Luke's church.
• * *
Art also has been engaging much of the
time and attention of fashionable femin
inity the past seven days, the smart set
having turned out in large numbers to
vi*w the paintings at the Art Institute
and at the Bohemian Club. There have
also been a few private exhibitions. One
of the most notable of these was the re
i ■ ption at the studio of Miss Alice Her
rirk and Mrs. Mary Ross, when Miss
Herriek'B collection of painted porcelain
and the sketches and paintings of Mrs.
Boss were admired by many fashionable
lovers of art.
The event of the week, of course, was
the first party of the season of the Fri
day Night Club, under the able leadership
of "Mr. Greenway. This being a fait ac
compli, the social season may now be said
to be in full swing.
The lust on the list of debutantes has
made her bow to tho gay world, Miss
Maud Mullins having been formally intro
duced to society at a tea which her
mother, Mrs. Charles F. Mullins, gave
yesterday afternoon at her residence, 1809
Cough street.
The ranks of the debutantes are aoout
to be depleted by the departure on Satur
day next of Miss Adelaide Murpny. Miss
Murphy will accompany her aunt, Mrs.
Swift. Bast, and later on to Europe.
But few announcements have been made
for the present week. The dances of the
Ent re Nous Club, the Friday and the Sat
urday Fortnightlies being all that hx\ c
been listed so far.
One of the gayest of the dinners of the
week was that given by Frederick A.
Cn.Miwood at his home on Pacihc ave
nue There were at table besides the host
his mother. Mrs. Greenwood, and his sls
ut Miss Jan- Greenwood; Miss Olive
Hoibrook, Miss Therese Igorgan. Mira
Gertrude Formal), Harry Hoibrook. Ed
ward H. Sheldon and Edward M. Green-
Mr and Mrs. James Cooper gave a the
ater" party at the Alcazar on Monday
evening last In honor of their daughter.
Miss Ethel Cooper. A supper was en
joyed afterward at the University Club.
The others in the party were: Mth. Mon
roe Salisbury. Miss Kate Salisbury, Miss
Margaret 'Salisbury. Mis? Josephine
Jvoiighborou«h. Miss Susan Blanding, Miss
Lillian FolliH. Miss Olive, Hoibrook. Miss
Anna Voorhies. Miss Clara Hamilton,
Harry M. Hoibrook, Clarence Follis, J.
King. Percy King. Isaac Upham Jr.. Mr.
Knight. A. I). Keycs. Howard Veeder,
Mr. Hamilton and Dr. Gibbons.
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel G. Murphy gave
en elaborate dinner party in the Red
room at the Bohemian Club on Wednes
day evening in honor of Mrs. E. C. Swift
and Miss Swift, who came from the East
a few weeks ago to attend the wedding
of MJss Ethel Murphy and Mr. Biddle.
The room was handsomely decorated
•with tropical palms and ferns, and the
table with fragrant blossoms. The party
comprised: Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Q.
Murphy, Mrs. E. C. Swift, Miss Mabel
Swift, Miss Adelaide Murphy. Miss Alice
Moffatt, Miss Mary Hell Gwin. Miss The
rese Morgan, Miss Olive Holbrook. John
(I. (Tollansbee, Mr. Moffatt. E. M. Green
way, Robert M. Eyre, Edward H. Shel
don, Poter D. Martin, James P. Phelan
and Walter Magee.
Mr. and Mrs. William G. Irwin enter
tained a number of friends at the Califor
nia Theater on Saturday evening, De
< i-mber 3. After the performance a sup
per was enjoyed at the .home of the host
and hostess on Van Ness avenue. Their
guests were: Miss Gertrude Carroll, Miss
Grace Spreckels. Miss Carrie Taylor. Miss
Therese Morgan, Miss Bertha Sidney
Smith. Augustus Taylor. Dr. Herbert E.
Carolan, Harry N." Stetson, Benjamin
Holladay and Edward M. Greenway.
• • •
Mrs. Robert Ox'nard gave a luncheon
on Wednesday afternoon. Her guests in
cluded the .Misses Helen and Edna Hop
kins, Miss Caro Crockett. Miss Ella Mor
gan and Miss Therese Morgan.
A luncheon was given by Mrs. I. W.
Hellman on Friday at her home on the
corner of Sacramento and Franklin
streets, complimentary to her daughter
in-law. Mrs. I. W. Hellman Jr. (nee
Jacobi). Covers were laid for thirty,
and the guests were seated at three
round tables.
Miss Anna L. Cunningham of Oakland
j and Morris Akerly were quietly married
in Portland, Or., on the 25th of November.
Trinity Episcopal Church was the scene
of the marriage, and Rev. D. C. Garrett
performed the ceremony. The bride was
attended by Miss Nancy Moore of Port
land, and the best man was John H. Will
man. Mr. and Mrs. Akerly will reside in
Missoula, Mont., where the groom's busi
ness interests are.
Mrs. E. C. Swift and Miss Mabel Swift
will leave on Saturday next for the East
en route to Europe, where they expect to
spend the winter season.
Miss Ethel Keeney and Miss Leontine
Blakeman left for St. Louis on Thursday
last.
Alexander Harrison, the artist, left for
the East on Thursday.
Mr. and Mrs. Fletcher F. Ryer leave
for the East this week. They will sail
soon from New York for a prolonged stay
in Europe.
John G. Follansbee left for the south
on Thursday, en route to his ranch in
Mexico.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles G. Yale and the
Misses Enid and Nettie Yale of Oakland
have moved to this city for the winter.
Mrs. Fred Castle and Miss Castle have
returned from their visit East, and are
at the Hotel Richelieu.
• * •
A very pretty home wedding took place
at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. William
Munder. 956 Fifth avenue. South San
Francisco, on Thursday evening, Decem
ber 8. when their only daughter, Agnes,
was given in marriage to Ole Olsen. The
ceremony was performed by Rev. Pastor
Biehler.
• • •
The engagement of Miss Julia Bahrs
and Raymond Benjamin is announced.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Sarah Attell and Louis Blendon, both of
San Francisco.
• • *
The Unknown will hold its annual mas
querade party in Assembly Hall, Polk
street, on Saturday. January 28.
The ninth anniversary ball of Hesperian
Parlor No. 137, N. S. G. W.. will be given
on Friday evening, December 16, 1898, at
Native Sons' Hall.
• • •
Catholic Ladles' Aid Society No. 9 will
give a Christmas donation party at Mis
sion Opera Hall, 2131 Mission street. Mon
day evening, December 12, at 8 o'clock.
Admission, cash or provisions.
The puDils of Mrs. Evans" dancing
academy will give a bonbon party at
Wells Hall, southwest corner of Post and
Fillmore streets, on Thursday evening,
December 15.
Miss Lillian E. Grqdjinsky of Seattle
and Miss Gertrude Lackman of Portland
are the guests of Miss Blanche Allen
berg. They will receive their friends on
Tuesday. December 13, at 1136 Page street.
• • »
The marriage of Miss Abbie Clift and
Irving Lundborg took place last Monday
evening at the residence of the bride's
parents on San Pablo avenue. Oakland.
The wedding ceremony was performed by
Rev. Robert Ritchie of St. Paul's Episco
pal Church. The bridesmaids were Miss
Harriet Klttrldge and Miss Grace Gor
rill. Addison Starr Keeler was best man.
and Miss Jean Borden Clift, a sister of
the bride, was maid of honor.
After the ceremony an elaborate wed
ding supper was served, and the follow
ing morning the young couple left for a
short honeymoon in Smitnern California.
Miss Cfift is the daughter of William
Clift, the well known capitalist, and a
sister of Judge F. C. Clift. Irving Lund
borg, the groom, is teller in the San Fran
cisco National Bank and is well known in
business and financial circles. On their
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1898.
GRAND ANNUAL
HOLIDAY SALE.
Every department exhibits endless assortments of
special HIGH-CLASS NOVELTIES, particularly selected
to meet the demands for APPROPRIATE AND AC-
CEPTABLE HOLIDAY GIFTS, and as this magnificent
. display is now to be viewed at its best, we respectfully
invite all to call this week; and we lend emphasis to
our invitation by presenting a list of quotations th*at will
give an approximate idea of the
TEMPTING VALUES OFFERED!^
STORE OPEN EVENINGS DURING THE HOLIDAY SEASON!
Men's Furnishings.
At 5 Cents.
1000 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS'
HEMSTITCHED JAPANETTE
HANDKERCHIEFS, with white
and fancy borders and large
sized; regular price $1.50 a
dozen; will be offered at 5c each.
At 15 Cents.
MEN'S ALL-LINEN HEMSTITCH-
ED HANDKERCHIEFS, with
embroidered initials; will be of-
fered at 15c each.
At 25 Cents.
MEN'S ALL- LINEN HEMSTITCH-
ED HANDKERCHIEFS, with
embroidered initials and fancy
i boxes of one half dozen each:
will be offered at 25c each, $1.50
a box.
At 25 Cents.
75 dozen MEN'S JAPANESE ALL-
SILK HANDKERCHIEFS, hem-
stitched borders, pinted \in
the newest designs, I*4 inches
wide and extra size; regularly
sold at 50c; will be offered at
25c each.
At 75 Cents.
42 dozen MEN'S JAPANESE
SURAH SILK HANDKER-
CHIEFS, with hand embroid-
fered initials and hemstitched
borders, ' will be offered at 75c
each; or in fancy boxes, V., dozen
each, at $4 00 a box.
At 25 .Cents.
400 dozen MEN'S EXTRA FINE
ALL-SILK NECKWEAR, in
Tecks and four-in-hands (a
special purchase), all extra
value for 50c; will be offered at
25c each.
At SO Cents.
250 dozen VERY CHOICE ALL-
SILK NECKWEAR in Tecks,
four-in-hands, puffs, Ascots,
band and shield bows, etc., etc.,
newest shapes; will be offered at
* 50c each.
return Mr. and Mrs. Lundborg will reside
in Oakland.
* • *
News has just reached here of the mar
riage in New York of Captain p]ugene de
Kay Townsend and Mrs. May Beach
Miner. The wedding took place at the
Church of the Transfiguration November
16. Captain Townsend is well known In
this city, his first wife having died here
about two years ago. During the late
war Captain Townsend commanded Com
pany A of the Seventy-first Regiment of
New York, and was one of the heroes of
San Juan Hill. The bride was a widow
and a daughter of the late James Beach
of New York.
The wedding of Ray L. Wilbur and Miss
Marguerite Blake took place Monday noon
at the residence of the bride's mother,
Mrs. Charles E. Blake 1807 Larkin street.
The bride was attended by her sister.
Miss Jessica Blake. Ralph Arnold acted
as best man. The bride and groom are
Stanford alumni, and in honor of this fact
the decorations were nearly all cardinal,
the Stanford color.
Among the invited guests were Presi
dent and Mrs. Jordan. Professor and Mrs.
O. P. Jenkins. Professor and Mrs. Greene,
Professor G. C. Price, Dr. Adelaide Brown
and many of the alumni and students of
Stanford University.
The bride is the daughter of the late Dr.
Charles E. Blake, who was well known in
social and professional circles in this city.
Mr. Wilbur, for three years instructor in
psychology at Stanford, is at present oc
cupying the position of demonstrator in
physiology at Cooper Medical College.
After the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Wil
bur left for Pacific Grove, where they will
remain a month before returning to this
city to reside.
* * *
The engagement is announced of Miss
Olga Marix and David Murray. Miss
Marix is a niece of Lieutenant Com
mander Marix, United States navy, and a
sister of Lieutenant A. T. Marix of the
United States Marine Corps. David Mur
ray is general manager of the telephone
lines in Utah, Idaho, Montana and Wyo
ming, with headquarters at Salt Lake
City. The wedding will take place early
next year.
* * •
Miss Clotilda Podesta was the recipient
recently of a pleasant surprise party at
her home on Utah street. The evening
was spent in dancing and playing games.
At midnight the guests partook of a
dainty supper in the beautifully decorated
dining-room. Among those present were:
Palmera Podesta. Mrs. Podesta, Emily
Kimball, Miss Kurrey, Misses Alice and
Nellie Ryan. Ben Crawford, Sergeant
Wilbourne. Norman Moore, Miss Clotilda
Podesta. Harry Hartman, George Hart
man. Ed Moore, Misa May Merrill, Gus
Sharkey, Mrs. May Sharkey, Walter
Smith, Miss Hylda Marshall, Harry
Levey Fitzsimmons, Mrs. Hylda Fitzsim
mons. Dan Murphy and Will Pabst.
The Sans Soucl Whist Club was enter
tained at its last meeting at the residence
of Mrs. Nippert, 181414 Post street. The
prizes, after a close contest, were award
ed to Miss Carrie Short and Henry Sher
mund.
Mizpah Circle No. 100, Companions of
tho Forest, gave its fourth anniversary
entertainment and ball on the 23d ult. at
the Potrero Opera-house. The affair was
[in charge of Mesdames Beckman Wil
liams, Gibson. Stone. Dunweber, Sheridan
Morgan, Braybant and Draper.
* • •
A very pleasant '.thanksgiving party was
given at the home of Mrs. F. Harry Dra
per, 812 Twenty-second street, on the 23d
inst., in honor of Peter Baxter and family
of Scotland. The rooms were very pret
tily decorated with flowers- and ferns
Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs
Peter Baxter, Miss Clevie Baxter, Mrs'
Amy Stevenson, Miss Jennette Draper
James Parker, Mrs. William Bloomheart,
Mrs. Fred Draper, George Love and Will
iam Hass.
The Fin de Siecle Whist Club neld a
very enjoyable meeting on Tuesday even
inc at the home of Miss Alvina Vellguth
on Jackson street. Whist, tne feature of
the evening, was earnestly played, the
first prizes going to L. R. Gambitz and
Miss Josephine Hrotnada, while the con
solations were won by E. W. Gates and
Miss Patrldge. Dancing occupied the rest
of the evening until a dainty supper was
served. The decorations of holly and sml
lax were prettily arranged. Those present
were: Miss L. Beauman, O. Collischonn
Miss Susie Logan, F. A. West. Miss B. l'
Gambitz. J. C. crooks. Miss A. Patridtce
J. H. Wheeler, Miss J. Patridge, E. O.
Whitney, Miss A. Vellguth, Thomas F
Dunn, Miss Faith Gambitz, L. E. Phillips
Miss Lottie Maiers, W. B. Burner Miss
Josie Hromada. E. W. Gates, Miss Ida
Wolfe, D. Boyer, Miss O. Kiefaber and L.
R. Gambitz.
Miss Margaret Mary Coleman and Lam
bert Van Laak were married by Father
McSweeney December 6.
The d' Accord Club gave its opening
NOTION
Department.
LADIES' SHELL SIDE COMBS, latest
styles, from 25c, 30c, 40c, 50c, 60c to
$1 00 pair.
LADIES' SHELL POMPADOUR
COMBS, latest styles, from 20c, 25c,
30c, 50c to $2 00 each.
LADIES' CRUSHED SILK RIBBON
BELTS, with fancy buckles, from
$1 25 to $2 00 each.
«
LADIES' SILK ELASTIC BELTS,
with fancy metal buckles, at $1 00,
$1 25, $1 50, $1 75 and $2 00 each.
LADIES' NEW STYLE BELT
BUCKLES and belt sets, from 60c,
75c, $1 00, $1 25, $1 50 to $2 00 each.
FULL LINE OF LADIES' FUR HEAD
SCARFS and fur collarettes, latest
styles at lowest prices.
REAL OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS,
36-inch, at $6 50, $8 50, $9 50, $10 50,
$12 00 each.
Full line of LADIES' AND CHIL-
DREN'S COIN PURSES, COMBI-
NATION POCKET BOOKS, Chate-
laine and Shopping Bags, latest
styles, at lowest prices.
CHILDREN'S FUR SETS at 65c, 75c,
$1 25, $1 75, $2 00, $2 50 to $3 50 set.
party at .Cotillon Hall. 1310 Folk street, on
Thursday *' evening, December S. -i t The
apartments were- elegantly decorated, and
among those w ho ' enjoyed -.the dancing
were: Miss Emma Becker. Miss Meta
olters. Miss Rose Rothchild.-IJss Alice
Dorgan.Miss Alma Harder Miss S. Shan
ley. Miss Minnie Becker, Miss Ida Precht,
Miss CMldsf. Miss Bertha Joost, Miss Etta
Becker. Mrs. C. A. Meussdorffer, Mrs. J.
P. Whitney.. Miss- Hermanda Joost, Miss
L Prltchard. Miss Elsa Priber. Miss Em-
VellSlh h ' Mis S s "^"'.e *pKSi: '
Heuor Mi«s<? Piara ifip m m ah« r t
Pr e Uchkrd M Emile la A a GrSnger. Si C
M Haves ' Or 1 k J Svlv'eftVi A Y n%ii
lehner W G Harder Dr \V H Stfrf
wait R Arroyo HAldunateEJ RrJtt"
H S BauVman E Christensen' Phil J #
Heuer C I mttfi 5 1 ■ H-in'kin* v
Park Dr H W Stirewalt Dr yon' der
Leith Dr A T Derby L. S^ms C A
Mcussdorffer. Randali Phillips Otto
Falch, Fred Suhr, F. W. Meussdorffer W.
West erf eld. Al MJyer. SanTord G. LeWald
and W. Remensberger. | . •
• s * .
The Cotillon Club '99 gave its third win
ter • assembly and german last Friday
evening. The early portion of the evening
was spent in dancing, and then two flg
ures of the german were danced, Joseph
P. liavin leading.
Those in the first set were: Messrs
George T. Montgomery, Leslie I. Cog
gins, Robert Schord, Bruce W. Large
Bernard Ph. Gleason, R. B. Howe. Allen
H. Ferguson. Robert Gleason; Miss Ethel
Hudson. Miss Mazie Erb. Miss Daisy
Pabst, Miss Shanley. Miss Rolland, Miss
Hattie Henrix, Miss Minna Strayhl, Miss
Florence Meyers. ,
. Leslie I. Coggins acted as floor man
ager, and Allen H. Ferguson assisted.' .
William Kaufmann, one of the directors
of the Emporium and Golden Rule Ba
zaar corporation, was the recipient of a
very pleasant surprise party on last Sun
day evening at his residence,- 1114 O'Far
rell street. The occasion was the anniver
sary of Mr. Kaufmann's forty-first birth
day. The many guests who participated
in the pleasant event were charmingly
entertained during the earlier hours of
the evening by several new and novel par
lor games. Later they sat down to a
sumptuous collation, during which many
appropriate toasts were offered, one ;of
which, "Many happy returns of the day,"
was responded to in a most felicitous
manner by Mr. Kaufmann. ' ,
Mr, and Mrs. Herman Enkle have re
moved to the Montrose Hotel. Mrs.
Enkle will be at home the first Monday.
Miss Etta Sandman and Morris Marks,
whose engagement has been announcd,
will receive on Sunday, December 18,
from 2 to 5, at 233 Golden Gate avenue.
Mrs. I. Tobriner and Mrs. Fannie Cahn
are located at 2250 Bush street, where
they will be pleased to see their friends.
• • ♦
Mrs. Joseph Hirsch (nee Lachman)
will be at home on the second Wednesday
of each month at 1038 Ellis street.
Salt Auerbneh, after a residence of
eight years with his grandparents, Mr.
and Mrs. E. Levy, accompanied his pa
rents to their home in Guatemala yes
terday on the steamer Peru.
Mrs. Emanuel Levy will be pleased to
receive her friends at the Hotel Mont
rose on the first and third Wednesdays.
Mme. Agnes Fried, formerly of this city.
is meeting with great success in the
musical circles of New York and Boston.
Her voice, which is unanimously admired,
is one of unusual range and beauty. Her
latest success was at a musicale given by
Mrs. Frank Leslie at her apartments at
Sherry's.
Ella . Wheeler Wilcox
Idea
Of Leading a Lover On.
A YOUNG woman who has been in
love with a man during the last
year, -without receiving any indica
tion that her affection is returned,
asks me evidently in all innocence what
she can do to win his regard, and in
what way she can encourage his atten
tion.
This young woman knovs little of the
nature of men, or she would not ask
this question.
Man is like happiness, the more he Is
pursued the more he flies. Ignore him
and he will come to you.
The man who needs to be "encouraged"
by a woman is not worth winning; at
least there is some virile element lack-
Ing in his nature or he would take the
Laces
AND
Embroideries.
lOc to 25c.
LADIES' PURE LINEN HEM-
STITCHED HANDKER-
CHIEFS. M, V-, and 1-inch hem,
10c, 12%, 15c, 20c and 25c each.
15c to 53.50 Each.
LADIES' PURE LINEN EM-
BROIDERED HANDKER-
CHIEFS, assorted patterns, 15c,
25c, 50c, 75c to $3 50 each.
QV3C to 2 sc.
LADIES' SHEER LAWN EM-
BROIDERED HANDKER-
CHIEFS, scalloped, hemstitched
and lace effects, 8 l-3c, 10c, 12V->c,
15c and 25c each.
15c and 25c Each.
LADIES' PURE LINEN HEM-
STITCHED HANDKER-
CHIEFS. hand embroidered
initial. V 2V 2 dozen in fancy box, 90c
and Jl 50 box; 15c and 25c each.
SI. OO to $10.00 Each.
REAL LACE HANDKERCHIEFS,
assorted patterns, for Xmas
gifts, $1 00 to $10 00 each.
Si. OO to SS.OO Each.
BLACK LIBERTY SILK COL-
LARETTES, ribbon and pleated
ends, nicely assorted, on sale at
SI 00, $1 25, $1 50, $2 00 to $5 00
each.
Si, OO to S3. SO Each.
FANCY BLOUSE FRONTS AND
JABOTS, CHIFFON AND
LACE, assorted styles, on sale
at $1 00, $1 25, Jl 50, $2 00 to
53 50 each.
I reins of courtship in his own hands and
] gallop to the goal, carrying the lady
along with him. ">•■'•..-' ■•■','.
In his secret soul the most modest man
believes he could win any woman if he set
himself about it in earnest •
a woman's encouragement need never
go farther than a coauetrv of the t>\Z
lids. If a man does not understand that
■■anas isusellss to s^imit !n hiV *Jv
nf" heart is 4d of hXV Th P fn
dependence o ? wnmln f-an «ov"^" mTkP w
Jf * gg M ? t ft ■$*£*&* "^^ff 8 " 11
vi * man. it is when she seems to re-
B * lll6lll t0
, moat subtle )1 of all ? art 9is that of
kno^ e how to lead a lover on while
se ? mln & to discourage him. But it is an
2£ whlch cannot be taught or bought.
That is one of the things which must be
born. In, the flesh It is like the color of
the eyes, or the curve of the lips, some
thln^ impossible for science to produce
or - to . al , ter - , „. . \
, od alone ( knows the Becret of fashion
in f, a coquette. ffrown lnto ]lfe ln the
She springs full grown into life in the
dark recesses of the backwoods quite as
r ? adlI >' as in the midst of fashionable so
cl V where she is. there men follow,
Without beauty, fortune or men follow,
I wltbout beauty, fortune or learning, she
I is still a queen, and men do her will. It is
impossible to • tell how she rules them.
That is her secret, ■•
But the woman who does not possess
I .^^__^__^_____________
GOSSIP OF A SOCIETY BUD.
EAREST Marguerite: "The first
meeting of the Friday Night Club
Dot this season was held at Native
Sons' Hall on the evening of De
cember 9." That Is the way the
papers put it. But we girls spill effusive
adjectives over it, and were It not that
the cold weather freezes the ink to the
pen I would unreel some of them for you.
But you remember what the Greenway
is. Other cotillons pale into insignificance
compared to it. All the smart world goes,
and the smart world's wife gets a stun
ning new gown for the occasion.
There is always a plentiful supply of
masculinity. That may be because the
supper is not only plentiful and delicious
but the wines are chosen to suit a con
noisseur's taste. The little boys may be
there but they manfully conceal the late
ly severed apron strings. Their bigger
brothers, who have long since graduated
from their nurses, perform their parts
valiantly. And now and then a real
grown-up man happens in — usually just
at supper time.
They all drink, some eat, and others
make merry. Dick tried all three and the
after effect was not happy. With ice
water, cold bandages and soda for acces
sories and any old thing to lean his head
against, he gave us this touching bit of
after-the-ball eloquence:
I've something on my breaßt. mother,
I've something on my breast;
I plrli the livelong day, mother,
And at night 1 cannot rest.
For a weary weight of woe oppresses me,
mother,
A weary weight of woe:
'Tis not Helen's unkindness disturbs my rest;
"Tls last night's supper that I can't digest.
I was kept so busy holding up my end
that I really couldn't tell you what any
one particular girl wore. At least a dozen
had on gowns that were a combination of
silver and white. The effect is very pretty,
but I think it is being overdone.
The girl who designs or gets hold of
something new should copyright it. for
the others come down like the wolf on
the fold and her novelty is put through
the threadbare process.
The next cotillon is to be on the 23d, and
will be a fancy dress. The girls say that
they have a crook in their gray matter
trying to evolve some new ideas for cos
tumes. I have one that will make the
wall flowers green with envy. But I'm
not goin" to tell even you, for fear ir will
leak out and my pleasure will be spoiled.
The last shred of my vanity will be dissi
pated if I do not cause a decided sensa
tion when I appear clad in— but that's an
other story.
Really, I think the Friday Nights are
such a success because they are man
aged by Mr. Greenway. It's neither the
magic of the music, the supper or the
dance. For though he has led the way,
others have followed, and yet it is never
quite the same thing. Every one comes to
his dance because he desires to. We go to
some of the others because we have to.
If you call a rose another name it may
smell as sweet, but unless you call a co
SILK DEPARTMENT.
75c BLACK SATIN DUCHESSE; sale price .sOc a yard
85c BLACK FIGURED AND BAYADERE SATIN; sale price.... 65c a yard
$1 00 BLACK DUCHESSE SATIN; sale price 75c a yard
$1 50 COLORED MOIRE VELOUR; sale price 75c a yard
$150 BLACK FIGURED SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN SILK; sale price..
»1 OO a yard
$1 25 24-inch BLACK GLACE TAFFETA SILK; sale price.... ?1 OO a yard
SPECIAL— COLORED INDIA SILK, all shades; sale price.... 2Oc a yard
LADIES' and jHSSES' JACKETS.
-A.t 00.
MISSES' JACKETS, made of Covert, Kersey or Boucle cloth, fly or double-
breasted fronts; regular price $8 50 and $10 00: sale price $5 00 each.
-A.t $7.60.
MISSES' JACKETS, made of fine quality Kersey, Covert and Cheviot cloth,
fly or double-breasted fronts, some lined, others half-lined with silk; reg-
ular price $10 00 and $12 50; sale price $7 50 each.
-A_t $10.00
MISSES' JACKETS made of fine imported cloths, in all the latest shades fly
or double-breasted fronts, lined throughout with silk, regular price $17 50;
sale price $10 00 each.
-A.t $12.50.
LADIE k S ,' KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, in black, navy, tan and green, fly or
double-breasted fronts, lined throughout with silk; regular price $17 50; sale
LADIES' SUITS.
-A.t $12.50.
LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS of black and navy serge fly front iackets
lined with silk serge, skirts double lined and bound with velvet' ree-ular
price $17 50; sale price $12 50 each. WTOI re * ular
-A-t $20.00
LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS of black and navy cheviot, box jackets
lined with silk, flounce skirt double lined and bound with 'velvet- regular-
price $25 00; sale price $20 00 each.
CHILDREN'S REEFERS.
-A.t $2.50.
CHILDREN'S REEFERS, made of mixed cheviot, double-breasted fronts
strap backs, trimmed with braid; regular price $4 50; sale price $2 50 each!
l/li Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., /
\m yjr San Francisco. /
the least inkling of this secret must not
strive to imitate her ways.
Sand may be as white as sugar, but it
lacks the isweetening quality. It is use
less to attempt to substitute one for the
other.
The only hope a woman has of winning
a man she loves is by loving deeply
enough and keeping still about it.
Silent, dignified love, sometimes brings
a return in time, as the magnet draws the
steel. But always and ever a woman's
love must be silent until its expression is
asked for.
The flower breathes low to the bee.
Behold, I am ripe with bloom;
Let Love have his way with me
Ere I fall reserved in my tomb.
The lioness seeks her mate.
The she tiger calls her own,
Who made It a woman's fate
To sit in silence alone?
It is a question difficult to answer. But
the fact remains that it is the law and
must be obeyed.— Ella Wheeler Wilcox in
New York Evening World.
Sir William Crookes' invention is now
put to practical use in the testing of
precious stones. Heretofore the costly
gems have often been replaced by imi
tations and sold for the value of real
ones. Another fraud of the dealer has
been the "piecing" of gems, and doing
tillon "Greenway it falis flat on the lis
tening ear.
Row back with Father Time from Fri
day till Monday and pull up at the Alca
zar. "Mr." and Mrs. Cooper gave the the
ater party in honor of Ethel. We did not
listen to the play intently enough to feel
any serious after effects. I sincerely hope
we did not disturb the players. If they
caught scraps of our ceaseless chatter,
my felicitations. We had an awfully jolly
time and wound up at the University
Club, where a delicious supper was
served.
Tuesday T called on Ethel Keeney and
Leontine Blakeman, who left on Thurs
day for St. Louis. Ethel has developed
a very Parisian air. Ever since the ad
vent of Anna Held she looks the Held
esque. A great many told her she resem
bled the fair Anna, and she has copied
her "jus'que-la." She does look a little
like the Held, and the new chic, slightly
risque air that her gowns have is very
fetching. But I wish Ethel would dis
pense with the rose that blooms on either
cheek. Art is long and time is fleeting
and girlish complexions cannot stand it
Leontine and Ethel expect to stay away
several months, and of course they'll have
a splendid time.
Wednesday afternoon we, went to the
Giselman card party. Buds, belles brides
and matrons were there, and we passed
a very pleasant afternoon playing pro
gressive euchre. '
In the evening we hied to the Murphy
dinner party at the Bohemian Club The
round table in the red room was beauti
fully decorated with flowers, and a spark
ling fountain in the middle trickled over
a. bed of cool green moss. A large um
brella shaded the table, the tiny lanterns
depending from it casting a soft glow over
Addie Murphy *.^oked positively pretty.
I have always liked her; she is so girlish
an !l iI?M ected< Sne never takes to fads
£111 d frills.
Addie confided to me that she is de
lighted at the prospect of goins to Europe
with Mrs. Swift and Miss Mabel Swift
who came out here from the East for
Ethel s wedding. Adelaide says she is
heartily sick of the newspapers, that have
spilled a great deal of ink over them and
she hopes she will not see one for many a
day to come.
Thursday was my day off. and I spent
it reading, an unusual occurrence nowa
days. After I got used to It I rather liked
it. JSov/1 sensation, you know. Of course.
I read the papers and magazines; but a
serious book takes time, and unfortunate
ly very little spare time falls to the lot of
a society girl. Friday I rested for the as
sembly in the evening, of which I have
told you.
Maud Mullins, whom you may remem
ber, had a coming-out tea on Saturday
afternoon, and we all went to see the new
debutante, who looked charming
When am I going to tell you that gossip
I hinted at last week? Some day in the
near future:
When donkeys learn to sing and dance
And piga talk politics;
When London 1b a town In France
And two and two make six.
Lovingly, FLORA McFLIMSET.
it so well that it is impossible to detect
the operation, thus selling diamonds
pasted '—the value c-f brilliants in
creasing in enormous proportion as the
size grew.
Now, however, the Roentgen ray
steps in and reveals with great exact
ness any kind of fraud. Experiments
of the French scientists Leconteur and
Cosser showed that between all stones,
no matter how small, there Is some dif
ference of color. Diamonds have a
light brown or light green phosphores
cence, according to their origin.
Remarkable
Auction Bids.
THE Zola sale in France, at which
a litle table was sold for more
than 250 times its value, recalls
many instances of remarkable
bids at auction sales. Zola's
table was worth £4 16s, but the first
bid for it was £1280, and the auction
became probably unique in the annals
of sales by being closed after a single
bid.
It was not the first time that a table
has been sold for a remarkable
sum, though it is probably the first
time that such an article has fetched
such a big price. Cicero's table was
put up at auction after his death, but
the highest bid was £750. Another his
toric article, for which an enormous
price was paid, was Cato's purple robe,
which Nero bought for £6800. The
habit worn by Charles XII at Pultowa
was sold for £22,000, and a cup used
by Napoleon went for 37 guineas. The
hat which Napoleon wore at Eylau was
keenly bid for at an auction by thirty
two persons, and was knocked down at
£75.
Mr. Quaritch, the famous bookseller,
recently advertised two of his rarest
volumes for sale for £10,250, a sum
which may seem ridiculous to most
readers. Mr. Quaritch, however, once
bid £4900 for a Latin Psalter and £3900
for a Mazarin Bible at an auction sale.
Five hundred and forty guineas for
a snuff box suggests that the bidder
was verging on madness, but a snuff
box from the Emperor of Brazil's col
lection was once knocked down at this
price. Another, supposed to have be
longed to Marie Antoinette, was sold
for 320 guineas, bids of 50 and a hun
dred guineas being quite common at
snuff box sales.
A vase in the British Museum was
knocked down at 1000 guineas, and two
violins — a Stradivarius and a Ttuggari
were sold at a sale for £760 and £1280
respectively. A violin bow by Tourte
wfo sold for £44. and the autograph of
Sir Isaac Newton once drew a bid of
£64. An admirer of George IV a few
years ago bid £18 for a walking stick
which belonged to the King. A silver
penny of William the Conqueror's
reign was sold nine years ago for £32,
and a half-crown of the reign of Queen
Elizabeth went for £44.
Lord Fitzhardinge once bid 4500
guineas for a calf at Lord Dunmore's
sale. The previous highest price for a
bull was 1000 guineas, bid at a sale at
Ketton. Lord Fitzhardinge's bid was
the highest ever made in England but
it has been beaten— of course in Amer
ica—an Englishman having bid the un
precedented price of £8120 for a bull at
Utica twenty-five years ago
HEART OR LIVERP
A love-inoculated poetess of the Uncom
pahgre Valley sends this contribution To
time' ci " llterature of autumn mating
I go about with languid eyes
They've lost their wonted girlish flashing.
My bosom oft is rent with sighs
o- And £?,7 an , d then the tearß c ° me splashing.
Since Bill and me were doomed to part
I care not when I cross death's river!
I know I have a broken heart
Though mamma thinks it is my liver.
— Denver Post.
' Advances mad« on furniture and planes,' -.' With
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-10:3 Mlasion.
- ■'■'-:'■ 1 ' ■"Special to the Sunday Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9.— The Rough
Rider girl shopper is the smart
est of all these days, for she is
exquisitely neat in her dress.
She wears, like as not, even
though it is winter, a shirt
waist of some wash goods for she dis
dains tho heavy woolen styles. Her col
lar is extremely t;Ul— so "tall that she
wonders why it does not choke her to
death. Her tie is one of two. If she is a
pay. joyous girl she wears a plaid tie; but
if she is sorrowing for a Rough Rider
who has heard the sound of the bugle for
the last time she chooses a broad tie of
black surah silk, which she knots with
two loops and ends over her collar but-
Lady Curzon Hat and Collar.
ton. She leaves it so high that It does
not show the button, for it has a very
large full bow which she makes herself.
Her hat is the regulation Rough Rider
hat of gray or brown felt, too plain to
need description, for it is not even trim
med with a quill, and has only the two
crossed swords in front.
The Vtv artistic matron must have a
MedlCJ collar, fur she knows it lends great
iMjrriity to her face; and, moreover, the
Medici Is made fashionable by Lady Cur
zon. who invariably wears one. All of
her new gowns are made with these high
Medici collars.
The newest Medici is called the Lady
Curzon collar. t is six inches tall and
terminates at the shoulder seams on each
sid«\ It is then lined with one of the
many varieties of brilliant silk to harmo
nize- with the outside, which is made oi
dress material. Inside the collar is a very
broad silk tie, which is twisted around
the neck until it is a choker, and is then
tied in a knot in front
One of the most beautiful hats is the
Lady Curzon hat. It is of felt, turned up
on une side very high and lined with vel
vet. A t;tll crown or velvet is the favorite
chape. On top of the hat is a bunch com
posed of Half a dozen American Beauties
of immense size, and this bunch is dupli
cated under the hat brim. It is a very
becoming hat, specially when worn with
a plain coiffure.
An always becoming style of neckwear
is the tulle bow which this season is fas
tened upon the front of a velvet stock.
The bow is very voluminous, indeed, hav
ing eight or ten loops or ends to it, all of
which are of equal length. They fly free
]v under the chin without apparent order.
The bow is made of white, with black
Ftripes, or blue and white, or any kind of
fancy tulle or chiffon. This is sewc-d to
t!..- "front of the stock, which is hooked
under the chin.
The hat worn with this Is a big, round
one placed upon the eide of the head, with
a crown of velvet and two long waving
STRIKING BLACK AND WHITE COSTUME.
FASHIONABLE FOLK
plumes which are caught under a big pold
buckle.
Tulle of all kinds is used for the neck,
and one of the smartest stocks was made
entirely of plain tulle, sowed to a plain
band of velvet. The band was stiff and
very tall.
For a Christmas present you cannot do
better, if you want to step outside the
limits of a dollar or so, than to buy one
of these tall, stiff velvet stocks with a
large tulle bow in front. At a bargain
salt-, on a fortunate day, you can pet
these for 50 or 60 cents; but be careful
that your materials are Rood, for you
know, as you decrease in price you are
apt to decrease in material. And, by the
way, did you ever see Christmas Rifts as
alluring as they are this year? They are
absolutely fascinating, and fairly tempt
the money out of one's pockets. It is
well to shop early, for a little later every
thing may ne a little worn, from the con
stant handling of the shoppers; and the
early buyer gets more for her money than
thp one who'leaves her purchases to the
last.
It is said that the war has greatly
brought down the prices of articles, for
the manufacturerers realizing the wave of
prosperity that would follow have flooded
the market, and that you can buy for d
dollar a great many more things this year
than you could get last year for that
price. Whatever may be the political ex
planation — and we women will not go into
that— we can only remark that thr Christ
mas shops are absolutely tempting.
The best day to shop is the bargain day
in this city, for conscientious dealers
never advertise bargains unless they have
them; and by reading carefully the adver
tising columns in this paper you can
know just where to get the best articles
at the most advantageous prices.
Many of these advertisements rive the
actual figures, and where there is not
quite space enough to do so, the articles
are set forth in such a fashion that you
can get an idea of exactly what you
want.
One of the cleverest women in New York
has a habit of cutting the advertisements
out of the daily papers and pasting them
in a little book, which she calls her "shop
ping book." The slips are removable, so
that every week she has a new book. Act
ing upon this suggestion you can to-day
read carefully all the advertisements in
this paper and cut out those that please
you. Paste them upon sheets of writing
paper and slip the sheets into a little
leather case. As you are shopping con
sult these and you will find yourself fur
nished with a hand guide or index to the
stores. It is really worth while, for it
saves time and temper to know just ex
actly where you can get Just what you
want for your own price.
The folded ribbon stock is still fashion
able. Get a ribbon three times too wide
for the neck and fold it over a stiff piece
of crinoline. Hook the crinoline at the
back and make your ribbon into a bow.
This is the newest way to make your col
lar stand up, and it is really more becom
ing. For a belt get very wide ribbon and
crumple it down to an inch. This is the
extreme of fashion.
They are still trimming fashionable hats
with ostrich plumes. Discouraging, isn't
It, when you know that a single plume
costs $3? But an ostrich plume is always
a good investment, and you can dye and
recurl it and use it again next year.
Economy is a good thing, and no one
will regret It; but why talk about it at
thi? time of year, wi*en everything is so
beautiful and the gift season at hand too?
If you are limited, purchase those things
which you know you must have during
the year. Buy for the family all sorts of
linen goods and underwear, night shirts,
socks and useful articles. All will be glad
to get them; perhaps more glad than to
receive something senseless. And for
your other friends get useful articles com
bined with beautiful ones.
I know a New York woman who invari
ably gives, her sister a very pretty hat.
It has come to be a family affair, and
from a thing of ridicule at first it has be
come a greatly enjoyed article. One sis
ter enjoys the buying, the other one en
joys the wearing. It is all trimmed after
the latest fashion, and matches the wear
er's smartest dress. Just think what a
delightful yuletide gift! A brand-new hat
for Christmas!
. And, by the way, have you seen the new
tilted hats the shops are showing?
HELEN WARD.
• * *
TO APPEAR well dressed Is a
I question of. considerable study
and perplexity to the woman of
moderate income who desires to
reflect credit on her family and
maintain her self-respect.
There are two maxims which the
woman who would accomplish this must
observe :
' Never go to extremes is the first one.
Patronize only the best shops is the
second.
When the time for purchasing the win
ter wardrobe arrives, the first thing to
do is to get pencil and paper and figure
what amount can justly be set aside for
the necessary clothes.
Choose the wardrobe with great care,
beginning with thf things most needed.
When this is satisfactorily done, have in
mind the styles desired and proceed to
the best shops for the materials.
For street wear in the morning nothing
looks so neat as a perfect fitting tailor
gown with white collar, cuffs and tie. An
English walking hat or black velvet toque
is more suitable to wear with this cos
tume than a befeathered Gainsborough.
For afternoon shopping instead of the
linen collar, a jabot of chiffon or ribbon
and lace can be worn.
With the tailor-made gown, eomm'on
sense shoes and neat gloves are a neces
sity. The handsomer the gown the more
utterly is the effect spoiled by shabby
boots and soiled gloves.
Apropos of gloves it must be remem
bered that either the castor or glace glove
are the best form for morning wear. For
afternoon or evening, suede is the chosen
article. These come in all shades of light
tan and gray, which are the most fashion
able tints o"f the moment.
The white glace kid gloves with black
atitchings are completely out of style.
This is rather to be deplored, as there is
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1898.
(JBRIgTMRP gflOppifcHg.
n ° ,e'ove more becoming to the hand or
xvext to the street costume the most
K,lS a h y ar £ ICIe iS the winter coat Th
should be chosen with reference to the
gowns with which it is to be worn The
r£4VL% du^-, un^ a touch
of tWq S?,«n - lnd ylßedy lßed in. Mink is one
S2«Vi? ce nn O e]iht he belt ' accordlng t0 * h "
BtSL 18 sen««.5 e n««.' wise to select an extreme
looks A, co " Servatlve , jacket or gown
looks well for several seasons whereas
da? fi whtn y ti, jacket appears sadly out of
date when the season is past. \
o^ J J * »sh. calling costume should be
added to the wardrobe. The color and
But e [ a lnTr O5O 5 de Pend.upon the wearer
Hut it must be made by a good dress
taUß mUSt be perfect ln " small de-
The hat to be worn with the calling
gown can safely be of velvet, and plumes.
Again, the shape and size of the wear
er s face would determine the style of
the hat.
One of the new French capes would
complete this costume. If it is made of
light tan-colored broadcloth, cut in cir
cular flounces, it can be worn with other
fowns as well. The cape fastens at the
throat with antique silver chains.
The collar is extremely high and is of
broadcloth on both sides, but the cape is
lined throughout with some pretty con
trasting shade of taffeta. ;
A theater blouse must now be added
it should be of some delicate, becoming
shade, but the texture must vary accord
ing to the purse. Those of soft ma
terials like chiffon are prettiest, but a
silk blouse will be more serviceable. If
one frequents the theaters.it is necessary
to have several of these, and they can
be planned so as to answer many pur
poses. • ,
A tight-fitting yoke and sleeves can be
made on a thin slip to be worn under
neath a low-neck and sleeveless corsage
daintily trimmed. The corsage should be
of color that harmonizes with several
tints. Then it can be worn with different
color yokes, giving the effect of an en
tirely new waipt.
A soft black silk skirt does not crush and
retains its freshness for a number of
seasons. It looks dressy, and when worn
with a light, becoming blouse is very ef
fective .and more comfortable than a
street dress. Evening dress is very be
coming to most people, and it is needless
to say that the effect is more brilliant
when the ladies are gowned in light
colors.
The European custom of wearing semi
decollete gowns to most evening enter
tainments is really economical. It pre
vents wearing the freshness off the
more costly street costumes by sitting
for hours in the narrow seats of the
theaters.
Winter is a particularly exasperating
season in which to practice economy. The
demands of fashions call for such a
lavish expenditure. It is the season for
furs, brocades, velvets, chenilles, costly
hand embroideries and jeweled buttons.
The solution of this question is possible
by one means only, and that is for those
having limited incomes to abandon dress
ing on anywhere near the same basis
with those who have fortunes to spend.
By studying how to preserve an air of
smartness along with simplicity there
need by no unhappiness, nor any disin
clination to mingle in the society of those
who can buy what they chose.
Women are often very injudicious in
BESS DRESS FOR RAINY WEATHER
This department is for the benefit of all those who are interested in the science of cosmetics and the hy
giene of proper living. If any one desires information on either of these subjects their questions will be cheer
fully answered in these columns. Write as often as you like, ask as many questions as you please and sign
any name that you choose. Address all communications to Mme. Hygeia, The Sunday Call, San Francisco.
THE rainy season is upon us— that
is, it ought to be, but It isn't; for,
alas! the sun still smiles and the
sky is as sweetly blue as the eyes
of a babe that has just come
through the gates of paradise. And
this despite the fact that the farmers and
even the churches themselves have been
sending up agonizing appeals for a be
stowal of moisture upon the parched,
hard earth.
However, it must come soon, and as in
times of peace it is well to prepare for
war, let the sensible woman hie her to a
shoe store and invest in a pair of calf
fckln boots with good half-inch thick soles.
Then let her buy some storm serge and
have it made into a skirt that will escape
the ground all round by at least four
inches. There was never anything more
sensible proposed in the way of dress re
form than this rainy weather costume.
Proper Way to Make a Stock.
the use of their allowance, spending reck
lessly for things they happen to have a
special fancy for. They should plan a
general outfit on a financially mathe
matical ground.
To sum it all up— tailor-made gowns,
jackets and coats should never be made
at home. But house gowns, wrappers,
matinees, silk and flannel petticoats,
corset covers, dressing sacques, opera
capes, fancy neckwear, chemisettes and
guimps come under the possibility of a
woman of skill and taste. If the income
is limited the making of these things will
save a great deal of money.
Visiting, dinner or ball gowns should be
put into the hands of the best modistes
within the limit of the purchaser's price,
for they require the master hand to insure
success.
LOST OF THE
WINTER GIRL.
THE winter girl Is not content -with
one or even two kinds of fur wraps;
her wardrobe must contain furs for
all occasions. She will have a collar
of ermine, a jacket of broad-tail, a stone
marten boa, a fur-lined cape, a skating
gown trimmed with fox, etc.
You see it costs a great deal to be a
typical winter girl. However, one can
have a reasonable variety of furs without
goin^ to an exaggerated expense. Little
touches of fashionable fur in the form
of dainty neckwear give the much-de
sired finish to simple toilets. To be sure,
they must be built upon the very latest
model. What could be prettier and more
flattering, for example, than a certain
collar of marten. The fur, cut in one long
• strip a little wider than a regular collar
band, is arranged in and out in the shape
of loops attached to a straight strip of
satin just long enough to encircle the
neck. The fastening in front is covered
with a bunch of marten tails or a pretty
bow of colored panne centered upon a
Jeweled buckle.
TIGHTS IN LIEU
OF PETTICOATS.
THERE is a report from Paris that
women are to give up wearing pet
ticoats altogether and go into
tights in order to wear the new
style of skirts, which is on the princesse
plan. This is an absurd rumor and one
Hats to Be Worn With Tailor Made Gowns.
that will only be carried out by eccentric
individuals who have money enough to
dress as they will one day and then
change their entire style the next. While
there should be no unnecessary fullness
either ih the unuer or over skirt, there
must be sufficient to make the gown look,
to say the least, decent.
The old-fashioned polonaise is revived
again, but is now in the form of the close
fitting underskirt and close-fitting waist,
with a pattern of trimming that is the
same on both waist and skirt. This car
ries out the idea of its being all in one,
but is infinitely easier to have made. A
smart gown in polonaise style is in one of
By Mme. Hygceia
For three years the women of New York:
have been wearing rainy weather frocks.
The women of Chicago and other large
cities have been slow in following suit,
but they are gradually falling into line
while San Francisco, with a tenacity such
as a bulldog displays when he plants his
teeth in his victim's neck, still clings to
her dragging, dripping petticoats.
Could there possibly be anything more
hideous than the long, sloppy skirts, be
draggled at the hem and clutched into
ungainly folds that are to be seen upon
our streets in dozens when the rain is
pelting down upon the sidewalks?
Another horror which is fast fading
from sight and memory is the bad tem
per and typhoid breeding rubber mackin
tosh. Hot sweats one moment and cold
chills the next is the delightful condition
In which these things keep one.
A short skirt, a golf cape, a firmly built
big umbrella, a close-fitting Fedora, un
der which the straggling locks are pinned
tightly back, and a pair of stout calfskin
the new shades of blue. It has quite a
long skirt and is trimmed down the front
with rows of a darker blue velvet an inch
in width, four rows on either side. These
start close together at the waist line, and
gradually spread, until at the foot of the
skirt they are the width of the front
breadth apart; at the side of the front
breadth they form a half circle, start
again, and go around the sides and back.
The waist is tight-fitting in the back; in
front it blouses a little and is opened to
show a full waistcoat of burnt orange vel
vet. On the fronts of the waist are lines
of the same velvet as those on the skirt.
These lines are wide on the shoulder and
taper into a point at the waist line, where
they exactly correspond to the lines of
velvet on the skirt. The belt is also of a
dark blue velvet, fastened with a very
small gold buckle. The orange velvet
waistcoat or front is quite fuL and is
fastened with small gilt buttons. It is cut
in V shape at the throat and shows an
inside vest of white satin antique, fas
tened with three larger gold buttons.
The collar is a plain high stock collar,
over which is worn a white lace tie that
fastens at the throat in a bow.
PRILLS OF
FASHION
THIS is the day of toilet accessories.
Fancy belts, girdles, low-cut peasant
waists over gnlmpes with sleeves to
match; chatelaine effects in silk cord,
handsome ribbon, jewels liriked with novel
devices in gold or silver filigree, or more
solid designs frosted or delicately chased
— all these are in great vogue and con
stant use, and the latest fancy is to wear
the costly gem-set belt buckle at the back
of the waist. The jewel-trimmed belts on
some of the dress models from Paris
sometimes show two narrow, oblong
buckles joined by a clasp at the back.
A particularly handsome costume of
royal purple cloth has one of the tight
skirts, fitting beautifully over the hips
and widening out into fans at the foot of
each seam to give width round the hem.
The short, tight-fitting coat crosses over
at the waist, where it buttons with one
enameled button. The wide revers and
the turn-down collar are of purple and
white velvet in small, confused checks,
edged with mink.
• • *
The tiny toque is a thing of the past.
There are toques, to be sure, but they are
not tiny. The up-to-date toque is rather
wide, turns square up from the face and
is ornamented with buckles and many
feathers. The prettiest arrangement of
feathers on toques is the cluster of soft
upright plumes with a curling aigrette
floating back from them.
• » *
Cashmeres have once more returned to
the favor they deserve; there is nothing
like them for grace or for durability. They
lend themselves admirably to the soft,
falling draperies of the moment. They
are a good groundwork for chenille em
broideries, and, like all the rest of the
shaped skirts, are made with a distinct
close foundation of silk. They are cer
tainly cheap for what they are — soft on
one side and fluffy on the other — the
weaving diagonal.
boots,' and a woman Is prepared to go
forth and do battle with all the tempests
that ever raged In Uncle Sam's domain.
This costume is the only sensible rainy
weather costume, I feel quite certain
that women with really truly brains and
their full allowance of good sense ' will
take to it as babies do to rattles. .
- Therefore, let us rejoice; for with the
feet kept dry and warm, two horrors at
least _ will be avoided— red noses and un
nealthful complexions.. Whatever ' makes
us strong: will also make us beautiful; so
let us greet this one particular reform
Idea as we would a relative who has mil
lions and no apparent ; heir. ■ '■:■•■ •".
Once more I want to say to the many
who have written to me and asked for
personal replies, that I really cannot
grant • these . unless it is to give an ad
dress or some information fhat cannot be
printed. in these columns. So please be
satisfied with answers in this paper.' And
to the impatient ones who write to me
and then write again the following week
to say that they looked in Sunday's pa
per and i found no answer to ■ their quer
ies, let me say that they must first "wait
a wee and dinna weary"; that not -one
letter that reaches me will be slighted.
Each one will be answered in its turn.
It may be three or even , four weeks be
fore you will find your answers, but they
will surely appear unless the presses
break down or some new planet comes
along ■ and smashes our ■ poor ' old - earth
into smithereens. * So possess your souls
In patience. . -■;,-■
•' ■ :-■•;;•.> -:- ; • . ■ ■■-' ■".• ; ..- ,5." '-■
Answers to Correspondents.
EVELYN J.-Am very sorry that I
could not give you a reply the Sunday fol
lowing your letter as you requested, but
there were many letters in ahead of
yours. Let me advise you to invest in a
camel's hair face scrubbing brush. Give
the face a gentle scrubbing every night,
using a little castile soap and plenty of
tepid water. After thoroughly rinsing the
soap from the face a good cold cream
should be rubbed into the skin. I feel
quite certain that the following will not
cause superfluous hair to grow: Sperma
ceti, one ounce; white wax, one ounce;
oil of sweet almonus, five ounces; rose
water, one and three-fourths ounces, and
twenty grains of borax. Melt the first
three ingredients in a porcelain kettle
over a slow fire, and be sure not to let the
mixture boil. Remove from the heat and
add the rosewater, in which the borax
has been dissolved. Fluff up with an egg
beater. As the quantities given will nil
an eight-ounce jar,- one-half the quantity
will be enough to begin with. After the
pores have been entirely emptied of the
sebaceous matter contained in them, you
can use the lotion recommended in fore
going answer to Busy Bee. The occasion
al steaming of the face is excellent, par
ticularly when there are blackheads.
ANNETTE D.— You will find formula
for a good cold cream in foregoing reply
to Evelyn J. After thoroughly cleansing
the face with tepid water and castile soap,
smear the cold cream on the face and rub
it well into the skin with the fingers, us
ing a circular, upward and outward move
ment. Wipe away the grease that re
mains with a soft towel, and the following
morning rub a damp cloth over the face.
In using lemon juice on the skin let It dry
on, and then apply your cold cream.
IDA M.— Do not use vaseline on the lit
tle one's scalp, as all such greasy applica
tions collect dust and irritate the cuticle.
See that the scalp is kept perfectly clean
by a weekly shampoo and frequent brush
ing. Let the brushing be firm but gentle.
Then you might try this tonic: Four
ounces eau de. cologne, one-quarter ounce
tincture cantharides, and one-fourth dram
each of oil of lavender and oil of rose
mary. Apply to the roots once a day, us
ing a small sponge for the purpose. The
The Latest: Rough Rider Hat and Collar.
orange flower skin food is just what your
skin needs. Use it according to the direc
tions that I have so frequently given.
Thank you very much for the recipe
which you enclosed. I shall add it to my
collection.
NAOMl— Steaming the face will make it
perspire. That is the only thing I know
of that will have that effect. Olive oil
taken as you suggest is very good indeed.
It Is fattening, and should not induce
pimples. Lanoline used in its pure state
is very apt to cause superfluous hair to
sprout.
B. L.— There is absolutely* nothing that
will remove the down from the arms per
manently. Rubbing a piece of finely cut
pumice-stone daily over the superfluous
hairs will keep them worn down close to
the surface of the skin. If they are dark,
peroxide of hydrogen will bleach them so
that they will be less noticeable.
C. N. M.— lf you will follow directions
given to Busy Bee and Evelyn J. for
coarse pores, I am sure you will be re
stored to happiness. If the pores are
clogged at all it will be impossible to
cleanse them without using soap. The
pure imported castile will not make the
hair grow. Nothing is better for an irri
tated skin than boracic acid used in the
proper proportion. The following exer
cises are excellent for reducing the size
of the hips and stomach: Stand with the
heels together and try to touch the floor
with the tips of the fingers without bend-
Ing the knees. Then lie flat upon the
back upon the floor and raise the body
to a sitting posture. Repeat these exer
cises ten or fifteen times each night.
F. C. S.— l am more than pleased that
my recipes have brought you such good
results. Walking will develop the hips
but, really, as you have lost so much
flesh, the best way to increase the size of
the hips is to add to your weight by eat
ing plenty of fattening foods, taking mod
erate exercise and all the rest you can
possibly get out of this life of hurry and
turmoil.
BIRDIE LE_Walking will develop the
limbs, particularly the calves of the legs
Massage the thin neck with lanoline part
ly melted; also use the breathing exer
cise full directions for which were given
in beauty talk" of November 13. Treat
ment for pimples must begin by removing
the troubles that cause them. Look after
your digestion. Eat neither greasy salty
nor acid foods, and take into your stom
ach only those things which will make
good blood, firm muscles and well built
tissues. The sponge bath every day wul
assist in ridding the skin of its secre
tions, and should not be forgotten for a
single day. Eat plenty of fruit for break
fast, and shun sweetmeats and soda water
as you would a plague. Exercise regular
ly, and sleep in a well ventilated room
and if the pimples don't pick up their hats
and depart write to me again, and we will
try some other manner of getting rid of
them. Rubbing the cheeks with the
orange flower skin food will fill out the
hollows.
LADY BUG— A lunar caustic pencil will
remove the little warts. Touch the cen
ter of the wart lightly with the caustic
pencil once a day. It will turn black and
gradually disappear. Be very careful not
to get the caustic on any other part of
the skin. A special "beauty talk' f on the
care of the hands has appeared since
your letter was written. In it you no
doubt found the information you require
on that subject. I am positive that the
following tooth powder will not harm the
teeth: Carbonated magnesia (powdered),
6 parts; orris root, 2 paTts; pure powdered
soap, half a part. To make the nair stay
in curl, use this bandoline, before using
it up: Gum tragacanth, 1% drachms;
proof spirit, 3 ounces; aflar of rose, 3
drops; distilled water, 7 ounces. A pretty
way for a young girl to dress her hair is
to part it, wave and loosely coil it away
from the temples. Braid the back hair,
turn it up and fasten with a pretty
buckle pin.
AN OLD READER— Fifteen grains of
borax dissolved in one ounce of lemon
juice are the proportions. Apply to the
face at night, after washing. Let it dry
on the skin and then apply the following
cold cream: Spermaceti, 1Y 4 ounces;
pure white wax, % ounce; sweet almond
oil, 1\ ounces; rose water, % ounce.
Take a small porcelain kettle and in it
break the white wax and the spermaceti.
Add the oil of almonds, and set the ket
tle Inside another one containing boiling
water. Keep at a gentle heat and stir
with a silver spoon until the three ingre
dients are thoroughly incorporated. Re
move from the fire and pour in quickly
the rose water, stirring briskly all the
while. It will soon begin to whiten and to
thicken. As the beating continues it will
fluff up like the white of an egg. At that
moment put it in small porcelain jars
and set them away in a cool place. An
egg-beater is better than a spoon to do
the beating with. ,
DIAMOND— From what you have told
me I judge that your liver is in a disor
dered condition, which accounts for the
discoloration and yellow spots on the
face, also for the whites of the eyes not
being clear. The only treatment that will
remedy these conditions is to go to your
family physician and get him to give you
a good strong liver medicine. To enlarge
the bust massage with equal parts of
cocoa butter, lanoline and cocoanut oil
melted together. Heat before applying
and massage every night for fifteen min
utes, rubbing around and around and up.
Let the rubbing be gentle, as the glands
are very sensitive. Wear loose clothing
and discard all pads. It will be at least
seven weeks before any development will
be noticeable, but it will surely come
Swinging Indian clubs will help, "and the
breathing exercises given in The Call of
November 13 will be of. Inestimable value
In ncreasing the width of the chest.
\\ alking and moderate bicycling will en
large the thighs and calves. You ask
"VL V 1V 1 f- 1 would t>e becoming to a girl
with fair complexion, light blue eyes and
light drab hair, l presume you mean,
what colors may best be worn with this
coloring. I would suggest as the colors
to be avoided by this type fawn colors,
tan colors, reds, browns, blue, white, lav
ender, grays, yellows and all rich tones of
clarets, maroon, purple, etc. A creamy
white will be found most becoming
White, by casting reflected lights, clears
the complexion, although if the complex
lon lacks brilliancy white may easily be
used in great quantity. This can only be
determined by experiment. Black satin or
anything black with a bright surface may
be worn to advantage; pale pink, pale
blue and invisible green. There is no
prettier combination for your type than
a simple little blue and white muslin
gown, with a touch . of « black velvet rib
bon in the form of sash or bows. If you
will use the cucumber lotion, formula for
which is given in answer to Busy Bee,
I think you will find that it will whiten
the skin nicely. ,-;- ; . :• ,
i MRS. \V. — letter, was answered in
the Sunday Call v of J November 27. Hope
you saw it. . »•;■; '•-. »V ' '
LOLO— If you will read foregoing reply
-. to Diamond you will find directions ' for
enlarging the bust. .■'•■' *•■■"■ v.vt"--
MARGARET : O.— You no doubt found
the answer -. to your first letter in The
Call for November -27. Rub the lotion
only on the scar. ; There is really- very lit
tle that can be done for this trouble, and
I doubt if the lotion will be of much
benefit. However, it cannot possibly do
any harm and may help. .
BUSY BEE— Am delighted to welcome
you to the ranks of my beauty students.
It is somewhat of a task to read and
answer all the questions that come to my
department, but I assure you it is an
enjoyable" one, and I " am - tremen
dously pleased - when my correspond
ents write to me, as many of them do,
and tell me that my advice has bene
fited them. I have a recipe that I am
sure will be just the thing for you and for
your friend also. Here it is. Take a
half pint bottle and place in it three table
spoonfuls of fresh uncooked cucumber
juice. Half fill the bottle with elder flower
water, and then add two tablespoonfuls
of eaude cologne. Shake well and add
very slowly half an ounce of simple tinc
ture of benzoin, shaking the mixture now
and then. Fill the bottle with elder flower
water. This will keep • for a year. Be
sure that there are no settlings in the
benzoin, else it will be apt to curdle the
lotion. This will whiten the skin and
gradually contract the pores. Perhaps the
powder that you use is too heavy for your
I klr T?X y ,t, th c ? owder that I gave formula
for to Ethel B. in Sunday issue of Novem
ber 27. Your skin food is probably all
right. It is not quite as hard, as ordinary
cold cream, but is somewhat thicker than
thick cream. Use the camelshair face
brush and pure castile soap on the face
each night— and your friend also
The pores may seem to be a trifle larger
when you first begin this treatment, but
it. will certainly end in refining the skin
I am sorry I cannot answer authorita
tively your last question. It is rather out
of my line, as you say, and I really do not
believe there is any other form of the
name.
COSTUME WITH OVERSKIRT.
Piain Cloth and Plaid Velvet
2728
CAMILLA URSO'S IDEA
Of Her Art and the Public.
THE hall was packed with an au
dience in merry mood. Variety
had had its swing, coon capers
had been cut to ringing applause,
the "Belle of Honolulu" was still
Vibrating in the air. Suddenly,
on the bare stage, empty of all but the
accompanist's piano, there glided a
lady with a fiddle. The lady was petite,
unassuming 1 , aglow with the magnetism
f>f genius; the instrument was likewise
Final], as is the way of fiddles, but alive
■with the responsive soul that Joseph
Quarnerius had imprisoned therein one
hundred and seventy-one years ago.
Within two minutes the little lady and
her violin had filled the stage, filled
the auditorium, filled the hearts of her
hearers. Plaudits rang out, were
hushed, rang out again, as chords leapt,
harmonics wailed, Paganini's wild
fancies tripped along v. ith fairy foot
fall, and the soul of the great audience
lay enmeshed by the witching fingers
of America's favorite violinist.
"Ah," Fays Camilla Urso, leaning
back in her chair an hour later, "I think
this has been the most satisfactory
evening, the greatest triumph of my
life: Yes. the greatest," she persists
energeticaly in answer to a glance of
incredulity, "I am accustomed to tri
umphs; the public has spoilt and
petted me for twenty-five years, but
tliis is art altogether novel experience
and an extraordinary test. You see,
when you an " up in a concert room
filled with an appreciative, cultured au
dierree, when you play for hearers with
tiaiiiud musical ears, you expect sue
. • ss, it seems natural. Hut here I
come, lor the first time of my life, into
a vaudeville theater. Downstairs, I
admit, there were many of my friends,
but In the gallery sat an audience
which does not habitually find its way
into the concert room; the boys up
there had never heard me before, to
many of them my name was not fa
miliar, to them 1 was only an item in
the usual vaudeville performance. And
yet I was able to hold them spellbound
with my bow, they listened in breath
less silence and when the pause came
they applauded fractkally, not with
the whistle of approval they bestow
on a favorite variety artist, but with
the respectful applause given to one
who has helped them to uplift them
selves. "When I saw that, I was, in
deed, i>n>ud of my gift. Yes, it is a
gi»at triumph!
It is one of the singular charms of
this fascinating woman that public
petting has left her wholly unspoilt.
She is as unaffectedly simple, as earn
est in her wish to please, as humble in
her desire for self-effacement as any
timid young girl, trembling before a
first audience. Praise is sweet unto
her ear, not because it gratifies vanity,
but because it proves her to be a thor
ough worker, who has attained success
by patient effort. Her mobile face
asks for approval as wistfully as that
of a little child, who has striven to ac
complish its task faithfully.
"Nowadays the necessary wor . is
terrific," she adds presently; "your
♦ chniqi'^ must be absolutely perfect or
nobody will listen to you. It is a great
Mistake to be a mv ! an so late in the
century. What a good time those old
fellows had. to be sure, before every
body knew how to criticize. Then if
you played with your soul, if you be
» ehed the hearts of your audience,
they were content without inquiring
about your method. But now. if a De
Beriot or a Vieuxtemps or even a
Pcganini stood -• they would be told
that they played like the children of
the present day. And with th<; passion
f< r technique the violinist's :epertoire
has chi ged. "We must no longer utter
t" thoughts of r Viotti and a Spohr, of
a vio mist who understands his own in
strument and loved it; we must give
the publ.c Raff and Rubinstein, the
works of composers, not violinists; of
men who are purely scientific in their
( or- ~nsitions, men who place tours de
f..rce before melody, technique before
Inspiration, and unless y< ■• can master
their a izing difficulties you are no
musician. This is especially true in
America."
"More than in Europe?"
"Well. yes. You see we are restless
in America; we love novelty and detest
antiquities out here. In Europe your
ancestral home is regarded with rever
ence, your ancestral lies are hoarded,
your family traditions cherished as
FRATERNAL NEWS.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
The tirst lecture of the season was de
livered last Wednesday night before the
council in Menlo by Professor David Starr
Jordan on the "Enchanted Mesi."
R. v. Father McCorry. C. S. P., will de
liver a lecture before Ignatlan Council in
January.
Elections for officers are to le held at
the second meeting this month.
THE EASTERN STAF-.
Last Thursday evening the officers of
Oak Leaf Chapter were installed in Oak
land. The officers of Mission Chapter
•were installed last Saturday night, and
next Tuesday night those of Ivy Chap
ter will be installed, while the installation
of the officers of Beulah Chapter will be
on the 2«sth inst.
Aft»r the installation of the officers of i
Golden Gate Chapter the membership of |
that body showed its appreciation of the •!
work of M. A. C. Chrtstensen, the retir
ing patron, during the year he was in
office by presenting him a beautiful pair
of gold "and diamond set cuff buttons.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
Golden West Lodge will hold an open
meeting on the evening of the 22d inst.
The much discussed Handy case, which
has been before so many boards of the
relief committee, lias finally been disposed
of, a decision having been rendered in i
favor of Handy.
Last Wednesday night Absit Invidia
Lodge of Oakland had an entertainment i
that was attended by a large number of !
people. There was a fifteen-minute talk j
by Past Grand Master William Henry j
Barnes, a select programme of entertain
ment and then dancing and a collation.
Merced Lodge will celebrate its anni
varsary next month.
The late Nathaniel Cook, i«st grand
master, was laid at rest In Santa Clara i
last week, the funeral service being car- I
ii«ii on liy l':i>: Grand Master Gosbey and \
Grand Secretary Shaw. Mr. Cook was 80 j
yean of age and had been an Odd Fellow
for fifty-two yours.
Grand Master Karl C. Bruoek, Grand
Becretary Shaw and Past Grand Master
Fox w. re :it the district meeting of Fres
no Lodge <'!> the sth inst.. and were the j
Kii.sts of honor at a dinner given after a j
pl< asanl meeting.
The grand master paid an official visit i
last Wednesday to Spartan Lodge, and
on Thursday night he was with Occi- I
dental Ledge.
There are now thirty-one inmates in |
th" Orphans' Home, and a happy lot they ;
Were <;>i Thanksgiving day. a lirst class !
dinner having been provided by the sev- j
ei-iil R.'lK-kHh lodges. These same lodges
are now arranging Christmas boxes for
the little ones. Some of the lodges have
nsk'il for th" name, age and sex of each |
Inmate, bo as to send an individual pres- j
ent to each.
jl r y[ K. Donoho, secretary of the j
Grard Assembly, will leave on the 17th
In^t for Los Angeles to officially visit
lodges there. She will be absent about :
ten days.
ANCIENT ORDER OF WORKMEN.
Oak Leaf Lodge of Oakland has made i
precious things. Here nobody cares for
the cuse his grandfather built or the
room where his grandmother died:
they arc- old fashioned, out of date: he
must put a fine modern roof on the old
cottage or sell the old farmhouse to
strangers and buy a new place up to
date. And the s me spiri: is shown in
art; new themes, new composers, new
artist.-, I the constant cry; that which
is already known no longer satisfies."
"So you deem the American public
fickle?"
"Not to me," she answers /iva
ciously. "never to me. I th'.nk they love
me a little. You T am one of them
selves. I have been in America ever
sine" 1 as ten years old. my home is
with them am' perhaos they are proud
of me. I speak of artists who come as
st «ngers from Europe and I notice
that the new artist and the new corn-
position are usually preferred to those
heard last year. It is not fickleness.
but it is restlessness, and it makes the
ai .is.'s struggle harder."
Undoubtedly Camilla Urso loves the
land of her* adoption, the land which
has made her famous. Botn at Nantt s.
with Italian, Portuguese and French
blood in her veins, a Frenchwoman at
heart, still speaking her fluent English
with a dainty French accent, she
nevertheless prefers the United States
for a home. "I go to Europe almost
every year," she explains. "I travel
constantly. I was a wanderer when you
heard me four years ago In Australia:
ah, what a country that is. what peo
ple, so hospitable, so warm hearted, so
enthusiastic. I long to see them again:
I kiss my hands to them!" and she
suits the action to he words. "From
there I went to South Africa and then
on to Europe. But I always come
home to America. I doubt if there is
any place where I should be happier."
"And how do you manage about an
accompanist when you travel?"
"There! You have been told something
about that, so have I." Camilla Urso
sits up suddenly, very straight and
energetic. "I have been told that some
of the public criticise my present, ac
companist, say he plays too loud. Now, I
Arrangements for a grand entertainment
to be given to-morrow night.
A new lodge, to be named Superior
Lodge, will be instituted in the Western
Addition at Sacramento and Polk streets
to-morrow night.
The Capitol drill team initiated a class
of candidates for the lodge at Folsom
last Wednesday night.
THE NATIVE SONS.
Sequoia Parlor will have a Christmas
tree festival in the banquet hall of the
Native Sons' building on the 22d inst.
The Native Sons' band. Professor Sousa
Barton leader, will assist.
The grand secretary paid a visit to By
ron Parlor at Byron last week.
Nearly all of the local parlors have
elected their officers tor the ensuing term.
Installations will take place during the
early part of January. During the week
Grand President Conley will sond out a
circular notifying the district deputies of
the parlors assigned to them for instal
lation.
A large number of the most prominent
Native Sons have signed a letter appro
priate to the occasion to be sent to Frank
B. Ryan as a "Christmas card." Mr.
Ryan has for some time past been in
Alaska and is at present at Sheep Creek.
He was, while in this city, a prominent
member of California Parlor.
THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
La Estrella Parlor is still progressing \
and the membership at every meeting is i
highly entertained by the good of the or- I
der committee, which prepares a fine, in
teresting programme of the Jenny Jinks
order, but in this the parlor is selfish, j
as it will not admit any but members of j
the parlor; in fuct, they do not want any i
but their own members to play in their j
back parlor. On the night of the 17th i
inst. the parlor will give a Christmas ;
party, and all anticipate having a good '■
time.
Golden State Parlor No. 50 will hold a
Christmas tree festival in the banquet
hall of the Native Sons' building on the I
night of the 20th inst. In the past the j
festivals at Christmastide by this parlor \
have always been pleasing features of the j
order and the committee having charge of
this one will use every effort to maintain !
the reputation of the Golden State.
INDEPENDENT FORESTERS.
Organizer S. J. Duckworth reorganized j
| Court Sonoma at Healdsburg last week i
! with a good membership, and the pros- j
jiimis .ire that it will gain rapidly.
Deputy Supreme Chief Ranger Jacox is i
! canvassing Visalia, and Deputy Supreme j
i Chief Ranger Taylor is in Healdsburg.
High Chief Ranger McElfresh returned
to Los Angeles last week. On Saturday ;
j he was in Fresno; to-morrow he will be ;
iat Hanford; Tuesday he will be at Le
i moore and Wednesday he will be at Vi- :
I salia.
C. Muller has been appointed deputy for |
, Court Precita. The board of deputies
I for San Francisco has been organized j
i with J. B. Knudson of Diana as chairman, '
j H. T. Moore of Friar Tuck secretary and
W. 1. A very of Yerba Buena as treasurer, i
i Each deputy was assigned to another I
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, IHOB.
want to talk to that public! Too loud,
forsooth! Who is the best judge of that
— the public or the artist who is accom
panied? Do they not understand that
my accompanist is not a mere machine,
keeping up an undercurrent to throw
up my performance? He has to work
with me, blend with me, throb with
me, laugh and cry with me, help me
through. If I play fortissimo I ex
pect him to do the same, if I die
away pianissimo he must die away,
too. He has to be a part of me,
not an adjunct. He drowns me,
they say. Well, that is only when
I choose to be drowned. I tell you
I have trained that man to be my mu
sical support." The nervous hands ges
ticulate eagerly. "There is not a pas
sage we have not gone over many
times, not an inflection we have not
studied. Ciel! I am to stand there.
Gamilla Urso.
F:om a Photog'aph.
using up every nerve In an effort of In
terpretation. I am to draw on my life
blood, rack my brain, tear my hair"—
here the hands go up to the smoothly
arranged coiffure — "and that man at
the piano is to chill me by keeping up
a little tinkle-tinkle-turn-turn-turn?
No! he has to strain every nerve, too,
and help me out in my expression.
What happens, pray, when you play
with an orchestra, one little woman
and her fiddle, against thirty, forty,
fifty men with their instruments? They
play their very best and I play my
very best and often they drown me —
what then? The effect is there and it
is the effect that is wanted, not the
glorification of one violin. Does the
public think that I do not know how
to produce my effects after all these
years, I and my Guarnerius? Look at
it."
She jumps up and tenderly draws out
of its ease the instrument created at
Cremona well nigh two centuries ago.
For it is a creation, this delicately
curved, smoothly varnished, wooden
case on which a genius mysteriously
bestowed immortal life and then died,
bearing his secret with him. "Look
at it." says Madame Urso, holding it
with a touch that is a caress, "look, but
do not touch! Some people want to
court in addition to his own. as follows:
A very to Apollo. Borne to Mission, Brun
hofer to Precita, Cameron to Sunset,
Geiger to Madrone, Hurry to Yerba
Buena, Kern to Sutro Heights, Knudson
to Noe Valley, Moore to Golden Era, Mul-
Wr to Golden Gate, Steward to Endeavor
and With to Alcyone.
The officers-elect will be installed in
January, on dates to be hereafter an
nounced in this department.
The court at Cloverdale initiated seven
teen members during the past two weeks.
Court Yerba Buena had a very pleasant
social evening last Tuesday night in the
' Shiels building. Under the direction of
W. I. Avery and A. H. Lightbody there
j was presented a programme that Included
a piano solo by Dr. J. A. Browne, recita
tions by Miss Case. Miss McMertie and
Mrs. Barton, an address by E. H. Beck
; ford, vocal solo by M. Jones and a clever
: whistling solo by Fairclough Fair, the
! well-known imitator of bird whistles. A
fine collation was served to the guests
and members, and there was dancing until
midnight.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
As a result of the recent Increase meet
ing held under the auspices of
Golden Gate Camp in November
122 applications were received. This
will increase the membership of the camp
to about 950. A large number of candi
dates will be initiated in the camp dur
ing the current month.
There is a great deal of activity in the
several local camps of the city at this
time, and ali report an increase in mem
bership. According to the latest xeports
received from the head camp at Denver
the membership is in excess of 6000 in 120
camps.
W. L- Temple has been appointed State
organizer for California vice George K.
Rogers, transferred to the State of Ore-
gon.
At its meeting last Monday night Gold
en Camp received three new candidates
and it will in the near future initiate one
of the highest city officials.
Richmond Camp on last Friday had a
pleasant evening on the occasion of lo
cittinf? a now camp at Fourth avenue and
Clement street. There was a good at
tendance of members and visiting neigh
bors from other camps.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
California Council at its meeting last
Tuesday night initiated two candidates
and will have a number to admit at its
next meeting. After the election of offi
cers that night there was a fine evening
of entertainment, music being furnished
by the National Quartet. The new offi
cers will be publicly installed at an open
meeting to be held on the 3d of January.
Deputy Bunting was in Sacramento re
cently, and while there secured twenty
members for Sacramento Council.
ORDER OF CHOSEN FRIENDS.
There was a summoned meeting of the
members of the order in Sacramento city
on last Wednesday in the hall of Sacra
mento Council, the call having been is
sued by the grand councilor, M. Bdehm.
Grand Recorder Wallis was present, c~d
the grand officers offered a plan to the
membership, which, being accepted, will
result in great benefit to the order in
that section of the State. During the
evening there was a spirited contest over
the election of officers.
Pacific Council has received petitions
for membership. RiVersfde Council ini
tiated two candidates in November,
Washington Council Initiated two and re
handle it, to lay their fingers on tho
varnish. They forget that persistent
touch wears away the strongest fabrtc.
See how carefully I keep it, how tree
from stain it is, how daintily attended
to. With similar c it may last an
other hundred and seventy years.
Twenty years we have been compan
ions, twenty years of art triumph and
hard work together. I was offered fix
thousand dollars for it only yesterday.
I would not take fifteen thousand for It!
Only death shall take it from me."
The Guarnerius is laid away rever
ently, then Camilla Urso looks up
quickly. "You will tell the public that
I am the best judge of my accompani
ments; that it may judge of effects, hut
must leave the management of them
to me. Why have I been playing suc
cessfully for twenty-five years?'
And that success has been of dual na
ture. Camilla Urso, the artist, has
been supported by Camilla T'rso. the
woman. The artist has been applauded,
the woman has been loved. Reldom is
even a Guarnerius brought into promi
nence by such a combination.
A. R. ROSK-SOLEY.
T«HE ,NEW UNITED STATES.
There's a bustle in Hawaii.
There's a stir in the Ladrones;
We may talk with Porto Rico
Through long-distance telephoned.
And each morning at our doorway,
With the ink still fresh and wet.
Is laid down the last edition
Of the Philippine Gazette.
I've a girl In Honolulu.
And another in»San Juan;
And as latest Yankee lasses
They are nice to look Upon.
While the maiden who in Skusjway
Was an acquisition rare
Must resign, for in Manila
1 have one with longer hair.
Mayaguez and Arecibo,
Aguadilla— what are these
But the germs of Yankee cities
Waking after centuries?
And we speak of Kahoolawe,
Mindanao and Luzon
In the same breath with Ohio,
Massachusetts, Oregon.
Comes a national election
And the people wait, intent,
For the verdict of the ballot
A3 to who is President.
Then the thirty-second precinct
Of the island of Cebu
Boosts Schley Garcia Aguinaldo
So he barely squeezes through.
— EDWiN L. SABIN in Judg
eelved three applications, Fairmount
Council had two Initiations and Evans
Council had one last Thursday night.
Golden Gate Council had a spirited
meeting on last Friday night, when the
officers for the next term were chosen.
Several candidates were up for Initiation.
AMERICAN GUILD.
San Francisco Chapter No. 328 of the
American Guild will, at its meeting in
P.alboa Hall, in Native Sons" building, on*
next Wednesday night, have eight candi
dates for initiation. There will be nom
ination for officers, and the election will
take place at the following meeting.
R. W. McGarvie, deputy supreme gov
ernor, will on next Friday institute a new
chapter at Petaltima. Ho lias been in
that city for some time, and has secured
more than twenty members with which to
institute the new chapter.
THE JUNIOR ORDER.
The batch of applications sent in to
Abraham Lincoln Council at its last meet-
He Qa\te a yell of Derision and Defiance.
From "At Aboukir and Acre,"
Published by Char es Scribner's Sont
ing has startled the other local councils
so that they have awakened to a realiza
tion that if they do not want to be left
they must hustle. The membership of this
council is manifesting a great deal of in
terest in the order at this time. There
are several members on the sick list who
are drawing from the treasury, which is
in a prosperous condition. A movement
to have funeral benefits controlled exclu
sively by the order will shortly be dis
cussed in this council by Mr. Hand of
New Jersey, who will soon reach this city.
A committee of ten has been appointed
to arrange for appropriate entertainments
at the close of the business meetings. It
is proposed to include discussions of na
tional questions, lectures and matters of
general interest.
SENTINELS OF THE UNIVERSE.
Franklin Council of the Sentinels of the
Universe recently gave an entertainment
in Chapman's Hall, Oakland, at which
there was a large gathering of people, who
enjoyed a pleasing and Instructive pro
gramme in which Daniel E. Hanlon,
Charles Brown. Miss Florence Donnovan,
Professor J. Miller. P. Flannigan, Lilas
Phillips and F. T. Hess participated. The
stage was occupied by George W. Austin,
supreme vice sentinel, who presided; J.
Lawrence Geary Jr., supreme sentinel;
Charles E. Parent, supreme medical di
rector; F. T. Phefps. supreme trustee; W.
W. Bracket, supreme secretary; Fred J.
Clausen, supreme treasurer; and Howard
J. Hill, supreme guard. During the even
ing Supreme Sentinel Geary explained the
many features of the order to the mani
SIXTEENTH ANNIVERSARY
Of the Successful Authors Club,
(NEW YORK, Deo. 9.*-The Authors
Club has lately entered upon Us sixteenth
year. There has been no particular note
taken of 1 1 1 < - tact, so fur as I have seen;
hut th.-re Well might have '""»• for under
the condition* that prevail here, It. ls no
ordinary: achievement to have maintained
such fin organization so long. At an
earlier day, say.: just before the war,
there seems to have been a kind of In
stinctive drifting together on the part of
writers In and about New York. But
since then the disposition linn teemed to
run Just the other way; bo much oh that
doubt ' has often been expressed whether
New York, in spite of the magnitude
of Its publishing interests and the large
number of people here who are devoting
therm-selves, in one way and another, to
the literary calling, was in any true sense
a literary center. Yet the Authors' Club
has lived: and what is more, it has pros
pered. From the day of its organization.
October 21, 1882, It has had money in its
treasury: and it now has a surplus of
about $9000, in addition to a handsome
benevolent fund.
Meanwhile the club has been able to
fest interest of the listeners. The enter
tainment was followed by a dance till
midnight.
A council, to be the first in San Fran
cisco, is being organized and it is ex
pected that it will be instituted by the
loth inst. with more than a hundred mem
bers.
At a meeting held in the office of the
Supreme Council in the Mills building a
number of competent officers were ap
pointed to organize councils.
ORDER OF AMERICUS.
A new council of the Order of Americus
was instituted on the Cth inst. in the Alca
zar building by John Van Allen, manager
of the Pacific Coast department. The of
ficers chosen promise a brilliant future for
the council. They are: Numar Rose, P
P.; Dr. W. G. Hassler. P.; P. S. Seymour
V. P.; C. J. King, R. S.; Thomas H. Lord!
F. S. ; Dr. W. A. Atwood, T.; Robert
Milly. C; F. A. Seaman, S. \\\; R b
Leard, J. W.; R. E. F. Klipstein, G.; E
A. Smith. S. ; and Numar Rome, W. \v"
Stocker and Robert Mills, trustees. This
order was founded in Greensburg, Pa
about two years ago. Its principal features
are: Limited liability during the first
three. years of membership; unchangeable
monthly rate; annuity at old age; spe
cial literary features at council meet
ings.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
Eagle and America lodges held a joint
meeting last week. There were a number
of grand officers present, and there were
many instructive addresses and a pro
gramme of music and literature. Eagle
Lodge has taken quarters in Foresters'
Hall on Eddy street.
Grand Dictator Archibald visited Le
provide Iteelf wttft a oomwodloai wlte
or roome, furnished rather richly and to
perfection for the special purposes had in
view, and here it alepensee a hospitality
marked by anything i>nt the scantlneee of
the proverbial author's fare. Jt hae col
lected a considerable library, partly by
donations from members, i>ut largely by
purchases with money from the treasury.
As it can, it is Retting together especially
i»ookp in literary biography. n al
ready has about 100 volumes of thi« kind,
gome of them extremely rare, and the
iicHign is Anally to rei a collection that
shall Include '-vrrythinK at all worth hav
ing In In thin department, of whatever
tonrue or timo. Thfn. in order to hav-f
the dub fully equipped for the service of
"padding" a Leopard on a Small Elephant
From "Hunting on Elephants."
McCiure's Magazine foe Decemberr
members who desire to do work there, an
excellent collection of "books of reference
has been provided.
From the first it has been the study of
the Authors' Club to avoid an excess of
government. It has no uresident. and v,
by any inadvertence, you asked who tne
president was, you would give offense.
Its affairs are managed by a board of
nine trustees, and these at present are
Rossiter Johnson (secretary). George
Cary Eggleston, George Haven Putnam,
J. D. Champlin. Henry Marquand (treas
urer). F. H. Stockton (chairman). Albert
Mathews, James H. Morse and Duftield
Osborno. Three of the nine retire each
January, when the annual election is
held. Mr. Eggleston and Mr. Putnam,
however, have been elected lately: Air.
Eggleston to fill a vacancy caused by the
resignation of Oscar S. Straus who is
absent from the country as LnKed btates
Minister to Turkey, and Mr. Putnam to
fill a vacancy caused by the ueatn or
Colon* 1 George E. Waring.
It has sometimes happened that authors
organizations were distinguished by the
absence of authors. That is not the rase
with the Authors 1 Club. It is genume,
and in looking over its list of memtaers
you don't often need to ask who the peo
ple are. Among the founders were George
William Curtis. Edmund Clarence Sted
man. Richard Grant White, Edward Eg-
Eleston Henry M. Alden, Richard Watson
Gilder Parke Godwin, E. L. Godkin.
Noah Brooks, Laurence Hutton and
Brander Matthews, and the present
membership, which comprises about
160 persons, is of the same quality.
Not all of th£ members, however, live in
or even near New York. For instance,
Henry James lives in London, James
Whitcomb Riley in Indianapolis and Hiim
lin Garland anywhere from Alaska to
Boston.
But while it confines its membership
rather rigorously to authors, requiring
that one shall have published at least one
book in order to be eligible, the Authors'
Club does not fence itself off from the
rest of the worlu. It opens its doors to
visitors with rather more liberality than
most clubs do. It is not a dining or lodg
ing club, and it is mainly resorted to on
the evenings of the fortnightly meetings,
when a generous spread is served und
particular efforts are made to render the
rooms attractive. At some of these meet
ings visitors are especially invited. From
none of them. I think, are they excluded,
if properly introduced by members. In
the winter the club gives a series of af
land Stanford Lodge last week and ad
dressed the workers of the lodge who,
though not numerous, are very enthusi
astic .
Election of officers were set for the tirst
meeting in the current month. Represen
tatives to the Grand Lodge will be chojsen
at the first meeting in February. Thejre
port presented on the Ist inst. showed that
during the preceding month there Were
192 deaths, that all claims were paid for
November and forty-six claims on the
December list were paid before the re
port was issued. Tt was also announced
that all death claims reported In 1898 will
be provided for January 1, 1899.
Yerba Buena Lodge has been obliged to
secure larger quarters in the Alcazar as
its meeting room was too small.
San J'-se Lodge initiated five candidates
last week. There will be a public instal-
I lation in January.
THE DRUIDS.
Noble Grand Arch Lewis and Grand
Secretary Graves returned last week from
a visit to Portland, Oregon. They were
absent twenty-one days on their visita
tion, naving made their first visit at Sac
ramento. During that time they visited
the grove at Fairneld. those in Sacra
mento, instituted a new grove (here with
thirty-six charter members: they were
with the groves at Placerville, at Sissons
and the ones at Portland. At every place
they went they noticed evidence of great
activity in the order.
The grand officers visited Eureka and
Sigel groves in joint session on last
"Wednesday. After the business there was
a banquet.
On the" 17th the grand officers will visit
Santa Rosa. Healdsburg on the 18th and
Petaluma on the 19th. '
COMPANIONS OF< THE F. OF A.
Last Monday Grand Chief Companion
Coburn and other grand officers paid an
official visit to Oakland Circle, and all
were well received by a good representa
tion of the membership and visitors.
There were present three past grand
chlef^ companions. There was the usual
examination as to the ritualistic work,
and there were speeches by the grand
chief companion and others.
Last week Olympus Circle was reinstl
tuted by the grand chief companion and
other grand officers with nineteen mem
bers, and a number have given notice of
intention to join.
Last Wednesday Live Oak Circle was
officially visited by the grand chief com
panion and a number of the gr;«nd offi
cers. A result of the visit was that tne
grand officers, in their comments, de- j
clared that while the ritualistic work was
not as perfect as it might be, it was evi
dent that while neglecting to pay atten
tion to the nicety of turning square cor
ners the circle had devoted itself to some- I
thing that is a credit to it, namely, plac
ing itself on a sound financial basis to be ,
abje, without delay, to assist members
who may need help. During the evening
there were a number of addresses, and at
the close of. the meeting the membership
served a collation.
Robin Hood Circle at its meeting last
Wednesday decided that the tirst of a
series of entertainments to be presented
by the married lady companions of the
circle shall be given uuring the last
meeting in January next. The circle con
ferred honorary membership upon "the
modest member of Inter Nos Circle.
Palo Alto Circle last Wednesday night
had one Initiation, and received several
ternoon teas, and then ladies are ad
mitted.
ROMANCE OF
VENETIAN GLASS
VENETIAN glass" as it appears
at times in the alluring adver
tisements of the great depart
ment stores of New York, is it
the true Venetian glass that Is
sold? Certainly it is, and some of it as
delicate, beautiful , and fantastic in
form as when the manufacture of this
fragile ware was monopolized by the
da city of the lagoons. In Venetian
glass there is the whole romance of
manufacture, and in "The House Beau
tiful" Donald Warren tells most that is
worth knowing about it.
We are fairly positive that In certain
directions, it' not the Greeks, certainly
the old Romans, might havt taught 113
a great deal about the fashioning at
glass. Possibly the art was retained in
early Venice. Anyhow we have evi
dence that fine glass was made at or
around Venice before the eleventh cen
tury. In time there were so many fur
naces devoted to glassmaking that the
danger of fire threatened Venice and
the industry was moved to the island
of Murano, and for five centuries Mu
ranu became the sole center for Vene
tian giass.
Venice, in 1495, enacted an order
threatening with death any workman
in glass who divulged the secrets of thu
business, and Venice carried out this
cruel protectionist decree. Mirrora
were also important objects, and Venice
made them for all the then known
world. But it was in beads that the
largest industry was carried on. Strange
is it for the modern traveler to find in
remote and Central Africa beads of a
certain form ard color, certainly Vene
tian which must have reached the na
tivs in the fifteenth or sixteenth cen
tury. In fact, to the archaeologist, the
string of civilization is threaded with
beads.
The beauty of the Venetian glass has
never been equaled. It is quite possible
that its exceeding fragility made the
renewal of the pieces constant. There
was a habit the Venetians had of smash
ing their fine glass on convivial occa
sions and banqutts in the city of the
canals in the Middle Ages were com
mon. Until the eighteenth century
Venice stood first in glassmaking, then
with Napoleon and a change of com
mercial transits the industry waned.
applications. After the routine business
there was an impromptu programme of
instrumental and vocal recitals, which
wore very pleasing, as the circle has in
its membership some very fine musical
talent. This circle is making most re
markable progress. . M
t Bonita Circle will give % social in Man
gel's Hall on the night s jf the first Sat
urday in January, ; hristmM
Inter Nos Circle will give a Christmas
festival on the 2Sth_inßt I_^1 _^
JUNIOR FORESTERS.
■Last Wednesday night J^^
Pride of California. No. 1. Foresters of
America, .gave its twelfth ann "f *"[",
was the singing and d^ amme ot
Ruth Rowlands. The^ Pc * c af
»&2 «££§£&* ucht
the committee of_arrangenie»
• FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
™ t hw No. 1, at its meeting last
Pioneer Lodge N^ . three appllca .
Tuesday night, rece election of ita
tions. The Jodge ensuing term, spent an
officers for the ensu B discussing
r cho r ii occ0 cc n collaUon cS pre P ared by the com
mftteron entertainment. Lodge No. 3
X, 00 * m ?/h?ate its anniversary by a ban
ill celebrate its a ed that there wiu ba
flrst class sodal time, as the committee
has arranged "to make the occasion one of
pleasure for all._ ; . , _
DEGREE OF; POCAHONTAS.
The Daughters of Montezuma, Degree
of pocahoiitiis, at its last : held business
meeting, had work in the . adoption de
me the work being done in an admira
r, manner by a team from Yosemite
■rriiMil At the meeting last Monday the
council' had • a "go-as-you-please card
•irtv " which was that those who took
'rt could play any game of skill they
desired This was kept up for an hour,
and then there was dancing. '
Pocahontas Council had a grand cake
walk in Shiels ;••: building . last Thursday
nieht. There was a good attendance, and
those who walked for the cake made a
fine exhibition of grace of movements.
LADIES OF THE MACCABEES.
San Francisco Hive No. 8, Mrs. Mary E.
Salmond lady commander, will give a
Maccabees' entertainment in the Alcazar
building on" the "night of the 15th inst. The
ladies of this hive who are on the commit
tee on ■ entertainment have • prepared . an
excellent programme for the occasion. A
feature of - the evening will -' be > a prize
eakewalk by ; Sir Knights and Ladies of
the Maccabees; who will black up for the
occasion. " ' ■ " -..,-■ *
COMPANIONS OF THE, FOREST.
; Mrs. ; Freda ,; Rogers - of • Eureka : Circle,
having ;■ recently become a ■ bride; was . last
i week '; presented '=! by ! the i members ■ of : her
' circle with a beautiful set of china. Last
Thursday night a number of the members
I paid her a visit at her home..- '
i Loyal ' : Circle, after the \ election ; of ; offi
cers "last Monday, had a social;' hour and a
choice programme 'was:' presented, and
after that there was a collation.Undignified Attitude of th Modern Manager
AND ACTOR.
To Bee anything really remarkable in
the theater? this last week one had to
po over the bay and dare the sacred
calms of Oakland, where on Thursday
and Friday nights Mr. Gillette present
ed "Secret Service." Perhaps I should
pay that Charles Frohrnan presented
the piece and that Mr. Gillette merely
owned up to the authorship and acted
the principal part. You will remember
that "Mr. Charles Frohman presents"
was the stout top line of the Dostem
and programmes. The author and the
actor used to get all the proud type,
but nowadays they have to share up
with the manager. It is common in the
Kastern papers to see the managerial
phiz crowding the lovely features of
the leading lady for space among tlie
Sunday Illustrations. This is the man-
agerlal age with a vengeance. Why
1 .ly y. sterday I received a carefully
typewritten document from the Alca-
zar announcing the new week's bill as
"A. M. Palmer's beautiful delineation
V Southern life from the pen of Au
gustus Thomas."
As "Whistler would say. Why drag In
Thomas? Mr. Daly in his collaborations
■with Shakespeare and Rostand and the
farce men of France and Germany
generally attends to it that the au
thors are given no unnecessary public
ity. I was reading some advice to Mr.
Daly this morning— possibly it was in
Town Topics— which sv~gested that h±
call his latest Shakespearean produc
tion "The Girl From Venice." But as I
was saying, one had to adventure into
Oakland to see anything really precious
this last week. San Francisco was
keyed up over "Secret Service." and it
has taken a good week to get over the
reaction of that play's departure. Even
in th<* best of theatrical circumstances
this play and production would make
others seem pallid by comparison. As
it happened Mr. Gillette was followed
by one of the sickliest weeks in the
records of the town. But apart from
"Secret Service," and the unnovel and
unremarkable quality of its followers.
:he burning of the Baldwin was bound
to have a temporary effect on play-
g. People became frankly con
la of the tragic possibilities of a
theater fire. Brave women and trust
ful men who formerly had given no
thought to such dangers were sudden
ly taken i autious. Hardly a night have
I Bjw nt at the play since that disaster
hut I have heard people discussing the
location, exits and inflammability of
this wr that theater. But happily
such strenuous topics of conversation
never last. After the newspaper habit
the playgoing habit is the strongest of
any. The people will have their shows.
And after all the percentage that die
by tlame or panic in a house of amuse
ment is as nothing compared to, say, the
mortality from street railways and soda
fountains. The dangers of the drama
few and far between— morally as
as physically. They are hugely
. 9Qlcuous when they do happen, that
The theater is under the con-
*i«nt calcium of curiosity. Although
re at the tail end of the nineteenth
ry where art is art and, other
9 even up, all men reckoned equal,
we have yet to put the craftsman of
the theater on a par with normal hu
manity. He is at one time something
and something above it. He dis-
in public his personal being for
i'_e, he is a performer, and some
thing of the olden-time audiences feel
v ings of patronage and superiority still
in. On the other hand his person
ality, which belongs more or less to
the public, is perpetually the subject of
wonder and inquiry; and the modern
manager and the modern press agent
have traded on this to the last limit.
until a great many players have grown
to regard it as a part of their legitimate
business. The average actor has few
reserves. His person, charities, quar-
rels and scandals alike are the property
Of the public. You or I might be twice
as noble and receive not a tenth of the
praise that he does; twice as imprudent
AISTTSEMENTS.
Beginning TO-NIGHT— Time Here at Popular Prices
THF
COMEDIAN, . 1/rlllll^Lrf kJkjRJMJ I
AND A THOROUGHLY COMPETENT SUPPORT,
Presenting the Latest Comedy Drama Success.
UNCLE 808.
A Play of Charming Motive. A Story Interesting to All.
PATHOS AND COMEDY. A PERFECT PRODUCTION.
PRICES - - - 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c and 75c.
Next P!ay-"O'BRIEN, THE CONTRfICTOR,"
COLUMBIA
THEATER.
» TO-NIGHT-LAST TIME,
"GAYEST MANHATTAN!"
MONDAY, DECEMBER 12.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
A LONG LINE OF "UN!
EVANS AND lIOEY'S Evergreen Success,
HOYT'S
A PARLOR
' MATCH.
»-^ COMEDIANS — ■% -J*\
*"%€ J SINGERS "<f I
<*-* V^ DANCERS. **^
_^-fc GREAT A&^\
IM^k tJIGANTIC g H
%*M MAPTOPONIC \s*J£
MEGATHERIAN -^^0
l ™ . ..; features.-/,
THE biggest and best farce comedy
OK your money refunded. ' '
and not a tenth of the blame. To the
modern actor all the world's a stage
and he is in the dead center of it: and
he accepts this responsibility with phil-
osophy. When the public cared less
about the personal lives of players, they,
| like kings, could do no wrong. But now
the modern press agent has put a pre
mium on the smallest folly of the actor.
And I know from personal observation
that many managers religiously believe
that scandal spells success. Advertis
i ing has become an established part of
i the player's art; and there are plenty
, of willing hands and tongues to do the
work for modest players. Reticent actors
; are seldom unaccompanied by broadly
' confidential press workers and man
agers. 'Publicity is the watchword and
| publicity is as frequently nasty as nice.
! These are not pretty facts, but they are
!' facts nevertheless. It is hard to tell
' who is to blame, the public, the press
lor the profession. Perhaps all three are
' equally responsible.
So wild, numerous and different have
been the stories of how "Cyrano de
j Bergerac" came to find production — one
i writer saying that the play had been
; published a year before it was picked
up by Coquelin in a second-hand book
stall; another that Rostand had offered
it to every manager in Paris before he
, finally induced Coquelin to try it; an
other that the play was given a hearing
j at the urgent suggestion of a fajnous
critic, and so forth and so forth — that 1
I am delighted to find that Eliot Greg-
I ory has interviewed Coquelin on the
1 subject for the New York Times. Mr.
j Eliot is a journalist of distinction and
| integrity, and although his account
may not be quite as romantic as those
which pictured the Rostand genius
struggling in a garret and waiting the
impatient years for readers and man
agers, it at least has the practical ad
1 vantage o-f being true. Coquelin and
Rostand had long been friends. The
■ actor recognized the poet's genius and
j several years ago promised to accept
any play that his young friend might \
write and give it an immediate produc
tion. "When they talked it over a little •
while later Rostand unfolded the plot i
of "Cyrano." Coquelin was a bit skep- j
tical, but Rostand's enthusiasm was
boundless and the play was started.
"I found out later," said Coquelin,
"that Rostand had gone straight home
and worked for nearly twenty hours
without leaving the study, where his
iWOROSCO'S GRANDS
V alt*r Morosco, Eole Lessee and Manatee '
To-Day and To-Night-Last Performances of
: V'BLACKLISTtD."
COMMENCING MONDAY, DEC. 12th,
i First Time Here of the Great C^m^dy-Drama,
TEMPTATION
...0F...
MONEY!
I BONGS, DANCES, MEDLEYS. •:•
A ROARING COMEDY.
Seats i. n .-a..: at n^.... ■■_■ ■■..-. •
MATINEES SATURDAY AXU BUNUA) ■'":
j Evening Prices.. ».,... ii. c , 250 and BOc
PIANO RECITAL
—BY—
Alice Beach McComas.
CENTURY HALL,
1213 Sutter St., bet. Van Ness aye. and Polk st.
MONDAY EVENING, Dec. 12, 1898,
. . l At 8:15 ; O" Clock.
Under the patronage of Mayor J. D. . Phelan,
Mr*. Wm. H. Mills, Da\-ldjLubtn, Irving. M.
Scott, I. W. Hellman.. Marco Hellman. H. N. 1
. Clement," Mrs Jas. Neall, Mrs.' Marrlner-Camp- i
b«U;:.MIss Coolbrltb. Mrs. W. A. Truesdale, ■.
j Mrs. Lovell White,. Mrs. Fr»nk Sullivan.
1 : ADMISSION ;50 CENTS. .' - ;;O J.' J " I
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1898.
By Ashton Stevens.
wife had found him at daybreak, fast
asleep with his head on a pile of manu
scripts. He was at my rooms the next
day before I was up, sitting on the side
of my bed t reading the result of his
labor. As the story unfolded itself I
could hardly contain- my satisfaction.
His idea of putting the quaint interior
of the Hotel de Bourgogne Theater on
the stage was most original, and the
balcony scene,' even in outline, enchant^
ing. After the reading: Rostand dashed
off as he had come, and for many weeks
I saw no more of him."
Then Cequelin described Rostand's
return:
"Seated by my bedside, If not actually
on the coverlid, he would declaim his
lines until, lit at his flame, I would
jump out of bed, and, wrapping my
dressing-gown hastily around me,
would seize the manuscript out of his
hands, and, before I knew it, find ray
self au .ressin - imaginary audiences,
poker in hand in lieu of a sword, and,
with any hat that came to hand doing
duty for the plumed headgear of cur
hero. Little by little, line upon line,
the masterpiece grew under his hands.
My career as an actor has thrown me
! • AMTJSEIIEN!IS. "". ". ' '■'''/."
WALTER » ORPHEUM , CO., Proprietors.
WEEK COMMENCING MONDAY, DECEMBER 13.
A GREAT BILL OF ALL-NATION STARS
Important Engagement of the Trans-Atlantic Star
9E?& cc r c GOLDEN
(CASEY'S FRIEND . THE PEER OF ALL MONOLOGISTS.
...JULIUS P. WITMARK...
America's Sweetest Singer, in a Repertoire of Delightful Songs.
THE THREE MERKELL SISTERS
Famous Novelty Acrobats From the Winter Garden, Berlin. i
FRANK LA MONDUE^S^^> ' . . .
■ »c g ro C gi)rer "VIOLET DALE
—MME. CAMILLA URSO™
The Famous Vlolinlste In New Repertoire. - '.'.'■. '
SS¥frr.« A CROBATiC BEARS
■ Greatest Animal Act Ever Seen at the Orpheum. - ; -- • ,
ARINESEINTBAKER, SELLERY & BARTLETT
Famous Equilibrist.' Bits of. Comedy and Operatic Gems. .'■" v !
M^TINEETO-DAYTSunlay), Dec, Tltt~^"iffi^j^^gr^
GLEN PARK,
THE MISSION ZOO.
I '^ S^. . SENSATION OF THE AGE!
v \, -^V -Ing, Dashing,, Thrilling. Feat
>Si' S «S^ l||| V ' TD AT. D«c. 11th, »t l:30-p. m.
X. ? «- LEAP FROM THE
. _ >. / 'OUDS. 300 ft. Into a |
A Bifc >^ ' -t-By
V»ootTill, 7\,v . \la2\- PHOF. WILLIS,
Bill in rBEt TV -..■: ' >\ .The Celebrated
AmpkithßiUr! ■■- I ** l S; ''
Admission :: lOc-N^V^ /AVi DiVer
Further Charge— Chil-X? A C^W •-
flren Under 5 Years FretX^/- %^^V • -
-.■■-■■'. ■■■•"■ • ■■ ■ . ■■■ i C^^/> C/y^w* '
Befreilua»ntf and Lunch in C»fe. '■ 1 ;J Cy^^2
Take i San v Mateo Electric ; Cars.^^^ -v^V ;
..Valencia; Mission,'; Sutter transfer^^.
. - -: :■■-■:. . ,:■ ■■ ... ...... . . , - • ..,....,.
in with many t0n.. 4 of literary industry
and dogged application, but the power
of sustained e.iiort and untiring, un
flagging zeal possessed by that fragile j
youth surpassed anything I had seen.
As the «reat work began taking form
Rostand hired a place in the country !
so that no visitors or invitations might
tempt him away from his daily toil.
Rich, young, handsome, married to a
woman all Paris was admiring, with
every door social or bohemian wide
•open before his birth and his talent, he
voluntarily shut himself up for over a
year in a dismal suburb, allowing no
; amusement to disturb his incessant I
toll. Mme. Rostand has since told me
that at times she seriously feared for
his reason and his life; that he aver
aged ten hours a day steady work, and
when the spell was on him would pass
night after night at his study table
rewriting, cutting, modelin~ his play,
never contented, always striving after
a more expressive adjective, a more
harmonious or original rhyme, casting
aNGLESIDE.)
HANDSOMEST : RACETRACK IX AMERICA.
'.'■: Five op More Races Daily. ;-'.!
DECEMBER .... .. ....r.. ...... . . . ... ........ 12TH
DECEMBER ............................ 2«TH
— — -WEDNESDAY—^—
THE PALACE HOTEL STAKES.
20 ENTRIES — — -20 f
- Trains leave Third-street station at 12:45 and
1:55 - p.- m. c .■■■•-—■•"•■ ' " ': - ;~-i • i
 Round-trip ticket*, 25c. .;•-. ■,/. . ■■ . :
... Electric cars on Mission . and Kearny, streets
every three minutes. , : - >'-'•"..; r. : - '
":* ADMISSION ....:... ONE DOLLAR.
r ■ -f ■■■-■.. i S. N. ANDROUS. President.
-.F.- H. GREEN.^Secretary.
aside a month's finished work without
a second thought when he judged that
another form expressed his idea more
I perfectly. That no success is cheaply
bought I have long known; my pro
fession above all others is calculated to
| teach us that truth. If Rostand's play
is the best this century has produced,
and our greatest critics are unanimous
in pronouncing it equal, if not supe
rior, to Victor Hugo's crowning efforts,
the young author has not stolen his
laurels, but gained them leaf by leaf
during the endless midnight hours of
toil and brain wringing effort— a price
I that few in a generation would be will
ing or capable of giving for fame.
Never, never have I lived through such
an experience as the first night. Victor
; Hugo's greatest triumph, the first
! night of "Hernani," was the only
j theatrical event that can compare
I to it, and that was injured by the en
i mity of a clique who persistently hissed
' through the performance. There is but
j one phrase to express the enthusiasm
AMUSEMENTS.
COMEDY _THEATER.
"GOOD-BYE, OLE."
MATINEE TO-DAY NIGHT AT 8
Last Times ; of the Great Swedish Comedy
Success,
" OLE OLSON."
. TO-MORROW (MONDAY). DEC. 12.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
The Big Sensational Show.
HARRY MARTELL'S Realistic Southern Pro-
■ Y. . duction.
THE SOUTH
BEFORE THE WAR!
' The Only Show of Its Kind on Earth. -
ABSOLUTELY UNIQUE. WITHOUT A
RIVAL.
A#l Pablo Soulful Singers.
LI I .Sunburnt Southern Silhouettes.
fIB I Camp Meeting: Shouters and Shooters.
Li 1 I "nny-Sacked Cotton ' Picking Chor-
*WTl9 isters. ,
Male and Female Afrlc-Hued Artists.
EVENING PRICES lie. 25c. 85c 600
MATINEE PRICES... 15c and 260
Monday, Dec. Hoyt'a "A BUNCH *OF
KEYS."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor and Mirr
■ TO-NIGHT AT 8 SHARP— LAST. TIME OF
Edmond Rostand's Romantic Play
CYRANO DE
BERGERAC!
TO-MORROW EVENING ■ '
— -AND ALL THE : WEEK—
The Favorite Comic Opera,
••THE MASCOT 1"
THREE PRIM A DONNAS IN THE CAST
; •- WILLIAM rgfi^^l&t?™*-
j .. Three Comedians -in the Cast "
STEVENS BRANSON WEST
Popular Price 5. ..:..;.......;.:......... 25c and 50c
A Reserved Seat for the Matinee .;......•.. ..250
i-i . . Our Telephone. Bush 9. .
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK
TO-DAY! ' TO-DAY!
OPEN STAKE.
- ....ALL THE....
Crack Greyhounds I
Take a Mission-street! car.. and It will land
you at - the gates. • *-■-'■ ;!:;.-'.':..: : : -'^-..'v. ;.'-•*
".■•- ~ • * '
-< ADMISSION. 25c. LADIES . FREE. ,
at our first performance — une salle de
lire alone gives any idea of what took
place. As the curtain fell on each suc
ceeding act the entire audtence would
rise to Its feet shoiiting and cheering
for ten minutes at a time. The coulisse
and the dressing rooms were packed by
the critics and the author's friends, be
side themselves with delight. I was
trembling so I could hardly get from
one costume into another, and had to
refuse my door to every one. Amid all
this confusion Rostand alone remained
cool and seemed unconscious of his vic
tory. He continued quietly giving last
recommendations to the figurants, over
seeing the setting of the scenes, thank
ing actors as they came off the stage
with the same self-possessed urbanity
he had shown during the rehearsals,
and finally when the play was over, and
we had time to turn and look for him,
our author had disappeared, having
quietly driven off with his wife to their
house in the country, from which he
never moved for a week."
Jhe California.
Commencing to-night at the California
Theater Daniel Sully will present his new
piece, which is a character drama, named
"Uncle Bob." The story tells of one Ro
bert Byrnes, who gives up home and for
tune in order that his old comrade and
business partner shall not discover the
dishonesty of his own son, young Good
rich. Two love stories are intertwined
with this plot, and a peculiar virtue of
the piece is. it is said, that the villain
does not appear until the last act and then
only to come home and be forgiven. The
piece calls for a number of vocal and In
strumental selections, which will be«.at
tended to. by the Rocky Gqrge Quartet
and a pianist. Mr. Sully Will-, play: the
part of Robert Byrnes (Uncle Bob), "which
is said to be well fitted to .his style of
work.
Jhe Columbia.
Bright lines, a dozen new vaudeville
features, handsome costumes^ thirty com
petent performers, pretty girls' and music
that sets your feet a-beating time, are
the promised elements of "A , Parlor
Match" revived, which commences at the
Columbia. The farce has been rewritten
and brought up to date, but it has not
lost any of its fun for all that. It is this
policy of continually adding new features,
always brightening, ever changing to suit
the times that has made Evans and Hoey's
famous vehicle outlive many others and
has won a fortune for its owners and a
welcome from the public. It has been
exactly fourteen years since Hoyt's first
play piece first saw the light of produc
tion. This year we' are promised a large
and competent company. Among the per
formers are many of the original compa
ny. "Old Hoss" Is played by Mark Sulli
van. Philip H. Ryley, one of the best of
our younger comedians, is the inevitable
book agent, and dainty Edith Hoyt is the
"Innocent Kid." A dozen vaudeville
features, including Tom Browne, the
whistler, the Olympic Quartet, the
Kingsley sisters, Eloise Mortimer, prima
donna soprano; the mysterious cabinet
and the great cake walk combine to make
a performance that glitters. The engage
ment is for two weeks.
The /Vlcazar.
Augustus Thomas' quaint and sympa
thetic play of Southern manners, "Ala
bama," will be the next week's bill at
the Alcazar. This same piece was first
played here at popu.'ar prices by the Al
cazar Company a season or two ago. It
was a success then and promises a profit
able revival. Mr. Osbourne will have the
splendid old man part created by E. J.
Stoddard; Ernest Hoolings will be the
Captain Davenport, and Miss Gretchen
Lyons the Southern heroine. The other
larger parts will be in good hands too.
Hoyt's "A Midnight Bell" is the piece to
follow.
J^orosco's.
To-morrow evening a drama strange
here, by Alma Earl and Willis Boyer, en
titled "Temptation of Money," will be
produced at Morosco's Grand Opera
House, with the most special scenic effect.
Among the places to be represented
will be Carruthers Castle, North Devon,
Fngland; Madison Square Park, New
"iorl\ and the electrocution chamber at
Sirg Sing. The play has a plot wh'.<_h il
lustrates the crimes men commit to xa.n
possession of the almighty dollar. 13d
v/ard O'Connor, a comedian from the
East, will make his first appearance, an i
play Mike O'Regan. Marie Winson will
introduce several specialties as Kitty.
The balance of the cast is as follows:
Nellie Carruthers, Lorena Atwood; La-Iy
Waters. Gwendoline Vortex: Belle de
Mar, Maude Miller; Mrs. McMahon, Julia
J:'anc; Ralph Walsh, James M. Brophy;
Sir Gilbert Oarruthers, Max yon Mltzel;
Edgar Royal, Landers Stevens; Rasrus
White. Fred J. Butler; Larry, George
Ntcholls; Jerry, Maurice Stewart. The
piece will be plentifully interspersed ■wiia
specialties.
Jhe OrpKeum.
The Orpheum announces five new acts
for this week. Of these the headliner is
George Fuller Golden, who is said to be
the prince of monologists, and whose
stories of his friend Casey are said to be
exceedingly funny. Julius P. Witmark is
looked to to furnish one of the most pleas
ing turns in a vocal way that has been
AMUSEMENTS.
alcazar_theater: f
THIS THE PRIVATE SECRETARY
SUNDAY — and—
NIGHT. KEEPINGJP APPEARANCES.
To-Morrow (Monday) Night
The Idyllic American Drama, •■ >U
ALABAMA!
A Story in Poetry of Southern Life.
ISfcls. 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
SEATS BY PHONE— MAIN 254.
...OLYMPIA..,
Eddy St.. Cor. Mason.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall
MORE HIW STAR ATTRACTIONS
CONCHITA
SINGING COMEDIENNE AND DANCER.
FORMAN & HOWELETT, Banjoists.
t FRET) A, Turkish Dancer.
EMILY , CHIEDLE, Australian Aerialist.
5 .../lAD TEN GREAT ACTS...
ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE TO-DAY.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
.; EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING. '
NEW BILL IN THTfREE THEATER.
MARCO BROS., Contortionists: THE STAN-
LEYS, in . "Mrs. O"Grady's Wash Day" FLO
GLADSON. in Coon Sort's: KELLEY- AND
VIOLETTE. Society Sketch Artists; MAUD
GAGE, Whistler; OMNE. Japanese ' Lady Ma-
gician: "THE ASTRONOMER'S- DREAM,"
and ENDLEBS ■ NOVELTIES! >. - :•..-•
SEE "JOE STORMS JR.," "SALLY" and
• » "CONGO." >■
Every^ursday-^AMATEUR NIGHT.
10c, including Zoo- and Theater; Children, sc;
Sundays and Holidays, 10c. • r ■*•»--. -.-■.•' >'.•••<- 1
SUT^cTbATHS.
SUNDAY. ' DECEMBER 11. AT 2:30 P. M.,
SWIMMING RACES
-' V-f FO* VALUABLE PRIZES. ,
AND • MUSIC • BY i?- THE r" GAULOISE ? BAND.
-' i -'■■■r ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN. 5c. > >-. >
'-< OPEN ! DAILY • FROM A A. M. vto 6 : P. . M.
>feiF** Bathing from 7 a. m. ■to 5 p. m. •
„. « . ■ - ■ ■ . . ■ t ■ < .
heard in the Orpheum. The Merkel sis
ters, acrobats, have been brought from
Berlin for the Orpheum circuit. Frank La
Mondue will furnish the comedy act as
"The Clown With the Clothesline." Violet
Dale is an acrobatic dancer, and said to
be as clever as she is pretty. The hold
overs include Camilla Urso, who appear*
in a new repertoire; Paul Batty's bears,
and Baker, Sellery and Bartlett, comedi
ans.
Jhe Tiyqli.
On.Monday evening, after two week 3*
run of.serious drama, the Tivoli returns
once more to its own special line of busi
ness' with a sumptuous revival of Aud
ran's "Mascot." -The piece will be cast to
the full strength of the company; Edwin
Stevens will appear in his favorite role
of Prince Lorenzo, and Annie Myers will
be Bettina, the good-luck maiden.. Wil
liam Pruette plays Pippo, the shepherd;
Elvia Crox, Prince Frederick, and Anna
Lichter, the Princess. After one week of
"The Mascot." comes the big spectacular
production, "The Yellow Dwarf." 
NeW Comedy.
Harry Martell's "South Before the
War" and cinematographic reproduction
of "The Passion Play" will entertain the
patrons of the Comedy Theater this weeit.
There will be all sorts of realistic darky
effects — dancing, banjoing. singing, a
man with a big mouth, a human frog, a
lively cakewalk and a brass band, to say
nothing of the continuous picture of ne
gro life.
The Ghutes.
There will be almost a complete change
at the Chutes Free Theater next week,
only Maud Gage, the whistler, and Omnt,
the Japanese woman magician, beinp ro
tained. Marco brothers, contortionists;
the Stanleys, in their original Irish crea
tion, "Mrs. O'Grady's Wash Day;" Flor
ence Gladson, singer of coon songs, and
John Williams, barytone, will be new.
"[he Olympia.
The Olympia Music Hall has a strong
card in Conchita, who is well known to
the theater-goers of this city. Others are
Forman and Howlett, banjoists, Freada
and others. Matinee to-day.
S\jmpKor\\j Goncert.
The third concert of the season will
take place at the Orpheum on Thursday
afternoon next at 3:13. The principal item
In the programme is Beethoven's great
"Pastoral" symphony. In this work the
composer depLcts the varied scenes of
country life, and he has given the follow
ing indications of his meaning: First
movement, the cheerful impressions ex
cited on arriving in the country; second
movement, by the brook; third movement,
peasants' merrymaking; fourth movement,
thunderstorm; fifth movement, the shep
herds' song of thanksgiving after the
storm.
In addition to the symphony the pro
gramme includes Schumann's celebrated
"Genoveva" overture; a movement from
Hoffmann's "Friethjof" symphony; an
adagio from one of Hadyn's string quar
tets and a fantastic by Moussorgsky, en
titled, "Une Nuit sur le Mente Chauve"
<Walpurgisnacht), which will be heard
for the first time in this city.
Svjle on the Drama.
William R. Jenkins of New York hag
just published a little book entitled, "Es
says in Dramatic Criticism, with Impres
sions of Some Modern Plays." It is writ
ten by L. Du.Pont Syle, assistant profes
sor in English literature »n the University
of California and dramatic critic of the
Sunday Examiner, and contains a pains
taking study of "The Influence of Moliera
Upon Sheridan and Congreve," and sev
eral shorter essays and some dozen no
tices of plays that have been presented In
San Francisco within the last year or so.
The Moliere essay is new; but for a few
changes the rest of the book has appeared
in the Examiner. "We are just begin
ning," says Mr. Syle, by way of introduc
tion, "to • have ■ a drama in the United
States: the 'Impression?,' recorded in the
second part of this little book, are an at
tempt to preserve material that may (or
may not) be useful to the future historian
of that drama."
Whether Mr. Syle's local notices of
"Robin: Hood." "Shall We Forgive Her?"
"The Geisha," "Trilby." and so forth will
be of use to the future historian, is a
question. So far the only American critic
wtio has succeeded in making readable
books of his newspaper criticisms is \\il
liam Winter— and Mr. Winter has weeded
carefully, selecting only plays and actors
really worth remembering.
In "France Mr. Sarcey has refused to
have his dramatic reviews republished in
book form. In London Bernard Shaw has
done the same. They agree that such
work has a place in journalism, but not in
literature. However, Mr. Syle's "Moliere'
study is carefully prepared and full of
valuable fact, and several of the shorter
essays will bear reading; but the "Im
pressions" are at best cuttings from yes
terday's newspapers.
THE OUTER WORLD.
Comment arvd NeWs of Distant
Pla\js and j-Mavjers.
It has remained for a writer on dra
matic subjects In that highly literary
periodical, the Bookman, to bring to light
the fact that Oscar Wilde's new play is
being acted, to-day in America. Says he:
"We chronicled a year or more ago ah
epigram of Oscar Wilde's to the effect
that the first and most important rule
for one who would live as do the thor
oughly enlightened, was this: •Never go
to see a play by Henry Arthur Jones.
Now comes the curious rumor th.at The
Liars,' which has been running so suc
cessfully at Wallacks, with Mr. Jones
name upon the play bill, was in reality
written by Mr. Wilde. For obvious rea
sons- Mr. Wilde could not just now get
any play of his accepted by an Anglo-
Saxon manager, and so they say he ar
ranged for Mr. Jones to do some wort
upon 'The Liars' and thus make it possi
ble for him to father it as his own. We do
not vouch for the truth of this report, but
It Is certainly an interesting one. It
is a perfectly moral play in its
Intention, but its morality is not
precisely of the brand that one asso
ciates with the name of Mr. Jones. Oo
the other hand, it is full of epigram,
though this is hardly up to the epigram
matic standard of Mr. Wildes acknowl
edged work. So we d-o not express any
opinion of our own, but merely say that
if the story is true then time has brought
to Mr. Jones a very real revenge upon,
the Neo-Greek who once despised him."
Ptnero's "Trelawney of the Wells,'
■which ran the best part of last season,
in London, has received its production in
America at the Lyceum Theater, New
York, being presented by the Lyceum
Company, under the management of Dan
iel Frohman. It was pronounced a de
cided success, and the prediction is freely
offered that it will last the balance of the
season in the metropolis.
Within a brief period— hardly more than
a year— the American stage has lost Cdul
doick, Mrs. John Drew, Thomas Keene,
Joseph Proctor, Thomas Whlffen, Joseph.
W. Shannon, Charles T. Parsloe, W. J.
Scanlon, John Wild, Harry Meredith,
Charlotte Thompson, Margaret Mather,
Carrie Turner and others who adorned
It. The deaths of these actors sum up
a great public loss, but the loss to the
profession is even greater, for among
those who have departed are artists
whose work was an education to the ris
ing generation of players who must in
time take their places.
Mascagni's Japanese opera, "Iris," was
produced in Rome. Italy, last Tuesday
night and triumphed.
AMUSEMENTS.
BASEBALL!
RECREATION PARK.
TO- DA V at 2:15 P. M.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STARS.
WATSODIVILLE
\/s.
ATHLETICS.
ROSENTHAL.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE,
SVENINO DEC. 29 & AFTERNOON DEC. ML
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver firmer. .
Wheat dull. Barley steady.
Oats firm. Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay dull and Feedstuffs firm.
Nothing doing in Seeds.
Beans 'quiet and steady.
Potatoes and Onions firm.
Cheese and Eggs unchanged..
Turkeys weak. Game in large receipt.
Citrus fruits dull.
Provisions as before. ;
Meat in ample supply.
Bank clearings lose again. '/
Butter firm.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clrarines last week were $15,
037.301, against ?16,065,73S for the same week
last year.
DRY GOODS TRADE. ■
The movement of Dry Goods nt New York
for the first eleven months of the year com
pares as follows:
Imported. Marketed.
1596 $97,220,700 $97,497,400
MM 112.521,300 115,566,900
IS9S 54.667.000 82,599,700
* GOVERNMENT FINANCES.
, .
Government receipts for the first five months
of the fiscal year compare as follows: '
1897. 1898.
Customs $."1,164,232 $79,281,514
Internal revenue 71,155,275 115,773,021 |
Miscellaneous 25,794,189 9,302,561 i
Totals $145,113,57ti $204,557,096
The expenditures for the same interval com
rare as follows:
ISS7. IS9R.
Civil » 45,517,146 $ 44.057,316
War 31.253.317 127.912.244
Navy 14.181.107 32.135.759 I
Indians 4,307,571 4.776.531
Pensions 64.277.992 60.334,990
Interest 18,202,987 18,593.264
Totals ...'. $1*0.570.1*) J257.516.504
COINAGE OF THE MINTS.
The coinage of the United States Mints dur
ing the first eleven months of the year was
as follows:
Double eagles $46,858,900 00 !
Eagles i 11,982.690 00
Half eagles 9,651,830 00
Quarter eagles 292 50
Silver dollars 420, 475 00
Half dollars 2,611,512 50
Quarter dollars 3,072,266 7;.
Dimes 1,854.298 20
Five cents 581,422 10
Cents 454.454 34
Total $59.318,141 39
Same in 1897 90. 299, 501 50
THE NATIONAL CASHI3OX.
United States Treasurer Ellis H. Roberts re
ports the amount of money on hand at the
• November as follows:
Gold coin 5135.441.547
Gtold bunion 188,502,546
Silver dollars 404.2.".5,1>;4
Small silver (,673,205
Silver bullion ;'3.3;'j 2.".0
Total specie 5751.234.512
TnitP'l State! notes $34,944,970
Treasury notes of 1890 1,411,798
Gold certificate* 1,620,400
Silver certificates 6,345.358
Currency certificates 450.000
National bank notes....' 4,tV7.",.744
Minor coin, etc 390.627
Depositi in national banks 94,611.001
Miscellaneous 202,472
Total 5926, 117. 152
A; the close of November, 1597, the money
in these vaults amounted to $Sli>.4'>9.fi76. Of
this amount $7<U.74"..fi43 was in specie, including
516L965.592 in gold coin and J42.123.36S in gold
bullii n. The silver bullion on hand is over
,900 less than it was a year ago.
MONEY IN CIRCULATION.
According to the Treasury statement the
money in circulation in the United States on
December 1 was as follows:
Gold coin $658,9*6,. =113
Silver dollars 693.9*0,333
Small silver 69,997,276
Gold certificates 35.25u.H49
Silver certificates 392,818,146
Treasury notes 96,181,482
United States notes 311,736.046
Currency certificates 20,190,000
National bank notes 238,109,059
Total $1.856, 879,504
In 1597 1.721,084,538
Increase $165,794,966
The circulation per capita is given at $2.' 09.
The net increase in circulation for the month
of November was J20.303.721'.
COIN CERTIFICATES IN CIRCULATION.
The Government coin certificates in circula
tion November 30 were as follows:
1897. 1898.
Gold $36,725,409 t55.350.649
Silver 373.295.967 392,818,141
Currency 104.676.39S 95,781, 4!>2
Totals $514,700,774
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 10. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfalls in twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 8.13 12.70
Red Bluff 0.00 2.13 5.47
Sacramento 0.00 1.61 3.SS
San Francisco 0.00 3.38 3.87
Fresno 0.00 1.49 1.66
Independence 0.00 0.30 L..
San Luis Oblspo Trace 0.75 1.41
Los Angeles 0.00 0.12 2.48
San Diego 0.02 0.53 1.19
Yuma 0.50 0.70 0.77
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
f>4; minimum, 43; mean, 48.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An area of high pressure is still central in
the Rocky Mountain region. West of the
Rocky Mountains there have been but slight
changes in pressure. Abnormally colt, weather
prevails throughout the region west of the
Rocky Mountains, and frost injurious to citrus
fruits is likely to occur to-night in the more
exposed portions of California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. December 10, 1S98:
Northern California— Fair Sunday; light vari
able wind.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; light vari
able winds.
Nevada— Fair Sunday.
Arizona— Clearing Sunday; danger of frost in
south portion Sunday night injurious to citrus
fruit.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday;
light variable winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals— Clear;
wind southeast, 12 miles; maximum velocity
northeast. 44 miles; maximum temperature 46
current, 42. W. H. HAMMON,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Dec. 10.— The stock market was
booming to-day on enormous transactions for
the shorts, and soon many high retord prices
were exceeded lor the current ', upward move
ment. London followed Americans' upward
lead of yesterday and was buoyant on St.
Paul's excellent statement for the first week
In December. i Large interests were again ag
gressive buyers locally and had quite a follow
ing of commission-house support. Immense
blocks of stocks exchanged hands, with abun
dant purchasing orders to care for realizing
sales. After a hesitating movement ! activity
and strength became general again. In which
standard stocks were  well maintained. , The
grangers advanced from a slight fraction to
over a point, the latter in St. Paul. Heavy pur
chasing orders were placed overnight in South
ern Pacific to buy at the opening.
, Prominent interests in . the stock endeavored
to open it up as high as possible and the ticker
recorded simultaneously sales of 4500 shares
from 43 down to 42. Yesterday's closing price
was 41%. The stock betrayed little feature
after the .. first . Hurry, . but continued rto be
• actively traded In and closed well up to • the
ton Among the industrials General Electric, j
Sugar Tobacco, Rubber, ■ Federal Steel prefer
red arid Edison Illuminating were the features
and gained a point or, more. The rise. in Edi
eon Illuminating amounted to 8 points and 3
each in General Electric and Rubber preferred.
The Atchisons, ; too, were conspicuously strong.
The maiket closed at the best with a whirl of
bullish enthusiasm.",--- 'x . ..
For the week stocks almost without excep
tion ro»e. in some-cases the gains being very
lnr*e establishing new high-price records -in
the present : movement. ~ The manipulation «of
Diiced specialties : for a rise was often
much in evidence. =, Higher prices, which failed
™,"1 time to respond to , the , upward
• tend! n™ later joined , fully with the general
trend of "prices. Early in the week telegraph
on* cable communication being partly - inter
red by.the storm somewhat restricted- bust-;
Sess the volume- of which : subsequently be
™V enormous Traders saw fit to : interpret
X? pS" message ™ not being the bull
1 \JZrlt they had discounted, but its better
SffiSr abroad thwarted their efforts^ at de
.<.ptlon anroaa Tn ere s was much in the gen
'"■'Tlfu^on having a favorable bearing on
iiket conditions. November gross earnings
m rke t \\ c °"<"" v of 4 per ; cent ! over last ' year. ;
?v^rS toS surpassed the phenomenal record
' STStfVeSr «T<F bank clearings were next to
fi ret that 80-called; barometer of busl
.... Then. tionVthe Iron , and • steel trade, 1 was
n««» con^Ulo^ tne ire» _ . The monetary situ
%*<&*&%%»** there w« little to the
market. Tobacco and Sugar were boosted con
siderably, one story serving as well as another
for the uurpose. Metropolitans increase in divi
dend rate was accompanied by another record
for that specialty. Missouri Pacific received
support on the announcement that its floating
Indt-btedners had been paid off.
The bond market displayed unusual activity
during the week, with the concentration of the.
dealings in speculative and middle-grade is
sues, which have recently assumed prominence.
Considerable strength was manifested through
out, with the net improvements material !n
some cases. United States 4's registered ad
vanced %. the 2ds registered and the old 4's
coupon J^ and net 4's % in the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 402,70")
shares, Including: Atchison, 392F>; do preferred,
31.884; Uurlingtnn, ir{,cc."i: 1). and R. G. prefer
red, 3050; L. and N., 11.280; Manhattan. 7445,
Metropolitan Street Railway, 6839; Hawaiian
preferred, 69,000; Missouri Pacific, 27,700; M. K.
Hnd T. preferred, 3ni.".; Northern Pacific, 673r>:
do preferred, 312.'; Rock Island, 19,445; T'nion
Pacific, 4410; do preferred. 9310: St. Paul. 31,
47": Tobacco, 10.720; Federal Steel preferred.
J0.725: People's Gas. 4335; General' Electric,
6220; Pacific Mail, 5072; Bugar, 15,4b: Leathfr
preferred, 7425; Rubber, 4520; Western Union,
6419. .
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 16% St Louis & S F S%
Do prefd : 46% Do prcfd 6S'
Baltimore & Ohio, 55% St Louis & S W.. M
Canada Pacific... 53% Do prefd 15%
Canada Southern.. 54Vi St Paul 115%
Cent Pac 34 Do prefd 164V4
Ches.& Ohio .25% St P & Om SB
Chi & Alton 1»!7%| Do prefd 164
Chi B &■ Q 121% St P M & M. 171
Chi & E 111 59% So Pacific..... 28
Do prefd 11l So Railway.. 10%
Chi Q W... 1 .. 14% Do prefd 41%
Chi Ind & L 7% Texas & Pacific.... IE
Do prefd.. 34 Union Pacific 38%
Chi & N W 137% Do prefd 70%
Do prefd..... I£3 DPD& G. 2d ast
CCC& St L «'i paid 12%
Do prefd 95 Wabash 8
Del ft Hudson 105% Do prefd 22%
Del L&- \V 148 Wheel & L E...... 5%
Den & Rio G...... 15% Do prefd 24%
Do prefd fi2' 4 Express Companies-
Erie (new) 1314 Adams Ex.. 10S
Do Ist prefd...... 36% American Ex 146
Ft Wayne 17.' United States 54U
Ot Nor prefd 1375; Wells Fargo 129"
Hocking Val 2% Miscellaneous-
Illinois Cent 12% A Cot Oil 34
Lake Erie & W.... 14}; Do prefd SS%
Do prefd 63% Am Spirits 12S
Lake Shore 193 Do prefd 35
Louis & Nash 64V; Am Tobacco 142
Manhattan L 99% Do prefd 127
Met St Ry 193% Cons Gas 193%
Mich Cent no" Com Cable Co 17")
Minn & St L 2SV4 Col F & Iron 23%
Do Ist prefd 9.->'i Do prefd 77 '
M.i Pacific 42% Gen Electric 89%
Mobile & Ohio 30% Haw Com Co 47
■Mo X & T 11?* Intl Paper 60
Do prefd :;; % Do prefd.... M
N J Central 94 Laclede Gas 52%
N V Central .114*1 Lead 37
N V Chi &St L.. ;:t% Do prefd 112%,
Do Ist prefd £5 Nat Lin Oil S%
Do 2d prefd S4 Pacific Mail 43%
Nor West 15% People's Gas 109%
No Amer Co f.%" Pullman Pal 143"
No Pacific «iv Silver Certificates. 5914
Do prefd 76% Standard H & T... 5%
Ontario & W IC% Sugar 133
Or R & Nay 13 j Do prefd 113" 2
Or Short Line r.7Vi T C & Iron 31%
Pac C Ist prefd... 79 I' S Leather V 6
Do 2d prefd 56 I Do prefd. 6!»;
Pittsburg i 72 U S Rubber 4« 3 ;
Reading 18% Do prefd 111%
Do Ist prefd 46% West Union.- 95».;
R G W 27 Federal Steel Co.. 31%
Do prefd 63 ! Do prefd.... 78%
Rock Island 110% Brooklyn R T 72%
CLOSING BONDS.
V B 3s urns NY Central lsts.. ll7»i
US new 43 reg...l2S<4 N J C 5." 114 ! i
Da coup... 128«4 NTN T Carolina 6s 123
US 4s niu Do 4s 104
Do coup 113U No Pac lsts 117V4
Do 2ds 99% Do 3s 48% !
US 5s res 113 Do 4s lOW
Do 5s coup U3\t, N V C & St L 45. .105%
District 3.65s 118 Nor & .XV 6? ......127
Ala class A 109 Northwestern c0n. 143
Do B 109 Do deb os 1174
Do C ..100 O X.iv lsts 114 j
Do Currency 100 O Nay 4s 100 '
Atchison 4s 99Mi O.S Line 6s tr 129 V& j
Do adj 4s 75% O S Line 5s tr 111
Can So 2ds ..110^ Pacific 6s of 95... .102*; !
C & O 4'£s 94' i Reading 4s s6»-4
Chi Term 94 RG W Ist? 91V* I
C & Ohio 3s 117 St L& I M con 5.= . 10.! ;
CII & D 4%5......104H | St L& S F gen 55.1234 '
D& R G lsts 108 St P Con ..161U
D & R G 4s 10014 St P C & P lsts..l2o>i
East Term Ists 187% Do 5s 11914
Erie Gen 4s 47*., So Ry Fis 105
F W & D Ists tr.. 83?« Stand R & T 65.... 79%
Gen Elec-05.... 108 Term new set 35.. .94%
GH&- S A.65......107 Tex Pac L G lsts..lOßU
Do 2d5....... 103 Do Rs 2d5.\...... 46<*i
H & T C 5s 112, Union Pac 45..:...102T4
Do con 6s 11l UPD & G lsts... 87>i
lowa C Ists 104 | Wan Ist 5s 113
La new con 4s 107 \ Do 2ds 93
L & N Uni 4s 9«5i W Shore 4s 112
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries SOU |
M X & T 2d5...... 66 I Do deferred 6%
Do 48.............: 90 IWlsCent 15t5..... 62};
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar a Ontario 5 00
Crown Point 17 Ophir 50
Con Cal & Va 1 20 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 45 Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry 18! Do prefd 4no
Hale & Norcross.. I.V Sierra Nevada 110
Homestake 50 00! Standard 175
Iron Silver 73: Union Con 21
Mexican 32 Yellow Jacket la
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Westingh Elec... 38V*
Call loa.ns 2 <t3 Do prefd 59^i
Time loans 3%(yi Ed Elec Tel 196
Stocks— Gen Elec prefd 177
Ateh Top & St Fe. 16' i Atch prefd 46%
Amer Sugar 134 Bonds-
Do prefd 114 Atchison 4s 98
Bay State Gas 2% General Elec 55.... 108
Bell Tel 280 Wis Cent 6s 128
Boston & Albany.. 246 Mining Shares—
Boston & Maine... 16i;> 2 Allouez Mm Co 5
Boston L S3 Atlantic 31U
Chi Bur & Q 121>i Boston & M0nt... .236^
Fltchburg 10G Butte & 805t0n.... 66 1 /-
Gen Electric 89 Calumet ft Hecla..6lO
Mexican Central... 6 1 *. Centennial 25Vi
NY & N Eng 96 Franklin 17%
Old Colony 197 Old Dominion 33%
Or Short Line 37 Osceola 70
Rubber 46>-i Quincy 135
Union Pac 3*V Tamarack 168
West End 897* Wolverine 32
Do prefd lliu, , Humboldt 31^
THE LONDON MARKETS.
NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— The Commercial Ad
vertisers London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were quiet and firm in tone
to-day, strengthened by the hardness of Amer
icans, which were fairly brisk for Saturday.
Money and discounts were the same as yester
day.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Dec. 10.— Canadian Pacific 86"--
Grand Trunk, 7V». Bar silver, quiet * "7 j . . 1 '
Money, 2@2%c. ' -
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. M.-The Financier says:
The statement of the New York clearing
houses for the week ending December 10 indi
cates an expansion of $4,561,900 in loans and
$7,262,200 in deposits. The increase in liabilities,
however, aa shown In the latter item, makes
but little change in th« total of the banks' re
serves, the decrease amounting to about one
third of $1,000,000. It Is evident that the loans
have gone to swell banking credits and in
cidentally deposits, the gain in caah partly
making up for *he discrepancy between the
two items. The net increase in cash, in fact
very nearly supplied the added reserve require
ment and the statement is favorable from a
banking standpoint, in that use has been found
for all money which came Into the institution
last week. As an exemplification of the theory
of banking operations outlined by the Secre
tary of the Treasury in his annual review last
week, the current exhibit of the banks i* pe
culiarly to the point. In detail the statement
presents nothing that throws light on the cur
rent situation. The expansion In loans can
be traced to three or four of the larger
banks, and . gains in depositß have been
limited for the most part to about the same
number. It is evident that the loan increase
has been due to sterling Investments and col
lateral buying, although there Is a steady ab
sorption of commercial paper. The actual posi
tion of the banks with respect to cash changes
Is at variance with estimates based on the
week's operations. Currency from the Interior
is moving this way. as natural at this season.
The amount will be Increased largely as the
January dividend period approaches. On the
other hand, the hanks are losing to the treas
ury about as much as they gain. Thp net in
crease of $1,460,900 in cash for the week, there
fore, was unexpected. The seeming ability of
the banks to extend their operations in pro
portion to the excess caah received Is an argu
ment against lower rates, even If it does not
forecast any degree of firmness.
The direction of the new loans, however, is
a matter of interest. As long as they are
merely the tangible expression of deferred
European credits they are dependent on frac
tional exchange quotations and are liable to
sudden contraction. For this reason It Is diffi
cult to Judge the future of the money market.
The only inference is that rates cannot go
higher for more than a very brief period, since
such a move would almost Immediately defeat
itself through gold Imports.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— FLOUR— Receipts, 18,
731; exports, 49,120; quiet but firmer. Minne
sota patents, $3 6S^i3 85; Minnesota bakers,
$2 Ss@3; winter patents, $3 Co@3 80; winter
straights, $3 40<g3 50: winter extras, $2 65@2 90?
winter low grades, $2 40®2 65.
WHEAT— Receipts, 246.970; exports, 95,611
firm. No. 2 red, 73% c. f. o. b afloat. Options
firm and advanced strongly on covering in
near-by options, impelled by bullish Argentine
news and damage reportß from Illinois; closed
%@lc net higher. Sales included No. 2 red.
and March. 72 1 4@73 3-16 c; closed 73'^c.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
PIGIRON — Dull. Southern, $10 23 @11 25;
Northern, JlO 2n(gll 75.
COPPER— Quiet: brokers, $11 75.
LEAD— Quiet: brokers, $3 45.
TIN PLATES— Quiet.
With the close to-day the firm naming the
settling price for leading miners and smelters
quoted lead $3 45, copper $12 75 and casting
copper $11 75.
The Metal Exchange issued no report.
COFFEE— Options closed firm, at a net gain
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1898.
of 5 to 10 points. Sales, 6000 "bags. including
December, ■ $5 50#5 55: • March, ■$5 70@5 SO; May,
$5 OQS 00: October; $6. \ i. . •
Spot Coffee— Rio, firmer; No. 7 invoice, 6%c;
No. 7 jobbing, < 7c. ■ Mild, steady: Cordova, 8@
14c. Good demand, but sellers were conserva
tive and offered . sparingly. ■
SUGAR— firm; fair refining, 3 15-16 c;
centrifugal. 96 test. 4 7-16 c; molasses, 3 11-16 c.
Refined steady. Mold A, 5%c; standard A, f>%e;
confectioners' A. r>%c; cut loaf, 5%c; crushed,
6%c; powdered, -5%<;; granulated, 5%c; cubes,
5%c. — , ■: = ■•• :..'.. ■■:■.:. -_j '■■ - ;■> <-. '.-
BUTTER — Receipts, . 4294 packages: firm.
Western creamer}', 14%@20c; Elgins, 20c; fac
tory. 12@14-i;l\ ;^teSSKM m " IWfcVuP
EGGS— Receipts, 4354 packages. Western, 25c.
DRIED FRUITS. >
NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— California dried fruits,
quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 7@Bc;
prime wire tray, B%c; choice, 9<g9%c; " fancy,
10c.- ■■ - . . '. , ■ , ■ . ■ ■
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— RoyaI. ll©14c: Moorpark. 14(g17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 8ii(&10;4c; peeled, 18@
20c. . ' . ■
/CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Dec. 10.— opening in : wheat
was barely steady, though at a slight advance
over yesterday's closing prices. Crop reports
I from Argentine were again unfavorable, ad-
I vices from there stating that wheat was being
damaged by , rains, but this was offset .in , a
measure by the action of the Liverpool market, j
j •which! showed a closing decline of about %d. j
The weakness of the foreign market was rather j
unexpected and held buying In check for a I
time. Besides the Liverpool decline, bears had :
to . comfort them a ; very favorable Michigan
State crop, report, and a very, limited export
demand at ; the ". seaboard. Advices : from ■ the
Northwest, however, were practically unani
mous In claiming that farmers' deliveries in
that section were sure to fall eft sharply next
week. -'■.••.■ ' .-. , ■.'■ ■ •* . '
Shorts grew restive and covered extensively.
Offerings were limited . and a good deal of
difficulty was experienced In . covering large
lines, the result being quite a sharp advance
in prices during the first hour's trading. De
cember showed the most strength.- ■■ Later |in
the day the reports as to the Argentine crop
were contradicted, but the effect, this might
have had was offset by reports' from Cali
fornia telling of high winds and hot dry
weather, necessitating a lot of replanting.
Markets were all strong arid this - helped to
maintain prices. Toward tile close/however,
there was a good deal of realizing. The close
was steady, with May : » 8 c higher and an. ad
vance of %c for December. , : '
Corn was dull, but firm. Cables were un
changed, and prices suggested a freer move
ment, but the wheat strength served to sus
tain prices. May closed %c nigner. , '■;>•;.';::
In the main oats . followed wheat and corn j
and for most cf the session ruled firm and
higher. The market • eased off somewhat on
Monday's rather liberal estimates and the
favorable shipping weather. May closed a shade
higher. . . '
There was a good : trade in provisions and
prices from the start were higher. The condi
tions were practically the same as for several
days past. There iras some covering by shorts, i
who did not like the strength of. grain. At !
the close pork was 12% c higher, lard 7 V-c higher i
and ribs 7'.4@10c higher for the May option.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— . .1.
December 63 5 64% 63% 64% '
(May 65% 65% 65% 65% '
July ' 64% 64% 64% 64%
Corn No. 2—2 — » . .*.-.■ -
December 33 33' a 32% 32", !
May 33% 34 33% 33%
July 34% 34% 34% 34%
Oats No. 2— '
December 25%- 25% 25% 25%
May 25% 26% 25% 26
Mess Pork, per barrel — . .
January..... 9 22% 935 9 22% 9 32%
May ....' .9 45 9 60 9 45 9 55
Lard, per 100 pounds — ■ •
January .5 17% 5 17% 515 515
May 5 25 5 35 5 25 5 32%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
January -4 57% 465 4 57% 465
May .....•....■...:... 4-75. ■•.-'. 4 52% 4SO 4 52%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady: winter patents, $3 40<g3 50;
straights, $3 10®3 r,u: spring specials, $3 fxV!54;
spring patents. $3 20fj3 50; straights. J2 S(iifi3:
bakers". $2 20tfi2 4n; No. 3 spring Wheat, 61> 4 «f
63c: No. 2 red, 67 1 2 '&68 1 sc; No. 2 Corn, 33^1
33% c; No. 2 Oats. 26 11 < 4 (g 1 27 c; No. 3 white, 27%Q
2S ! »ic; No. 2 Rye, 54c; No. 2 Barley, f. o. b..
38® 60c; No. 1 Flaxseed, $1 01; Prime Timothy
Seetl, $2 25; Mess Pork, per barrel, $S 05<BS 16;
Lard, per WO pounds. $5 05G& 12' 2 : Short Rib
Sides, loose. $4 55'ff4 75: Dry Salted Shoulders,
boxed, 4». 4^4%c; Short Clear Sides, boxed, $4 80
<fi4 S5; Whisky, distillers" finished goods, per
gallon, $1 26; Sugar, cut loaf, 5.95 c; granulated.
5.45 c.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 33.000 30.000
Wheat, bushels 175. 000 53, 004
Corn, bushels 319.000 291.000
Oats, bushels 467,000 231.000
Rye. bushels 40,000 107.000
Barley, bushels 94.000 18.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
. market was weak: creameries; 14@19 1 .4 c; dair
ies. 13@lSc. Cheese, steady; SV4@lo%c. Eggs,
firm; fresh, 22*i22>4C.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities — Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 387,310 34,830
Duluth 391.917 409.367
Milwaukee 78,650 : 54.500
Chicago 174.750 , 83,150
Toledo- 36.976 6.000
St. Louis 28,000 . 26.000 ■
Detroit • 14,479 7.308
Kansas City 51,000 58,506
Totals 1,163,082 679,655
Tidewater-
Boston 43,970 69.794
New. York 246,975 . 95,611
Philadelphia 55,423 180.904
Baltimore 112.812 52.876
New Orleans — ...,
Galveston ................... 30.049 .......
Totals 489,229 428,685
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
■ Wheat— ' Dec. Mar.
Opening :.. ■■■■5 9% . ■* 6 SVi
Closing •••"
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— ■ . V- T "' - '•■•' ' :?:1 : "■-•" Dec ; Jan. - Apl.
Opening ■ 45 25 44 85
Closing
Wheat— ■ '/ . 20 96 21 05
Opening.. •• 20 95 21 Oo
Closing •• •••••
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET. _ :
• CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Dec. 10.— The cattle market to
day was little more than a nominal one. Very
few lots were offered, and they were disposed
of at prices unchanged . from yesterday. The
week has been a good one for sellers . of well
fatted beeves, holiday cattle bringing higher
prices. But receipts of half . fat cattle have
been much too large, and prices for such lots
have declined sharply. The market, as . a
whole, closed in fairly good condition. .
HOGS— ruled steady at $3 20@3 40 for
common to choice light, and $3 25£3 45 for poor
to prime heavy 1 weights, the bulk selling at
$3 32V 2 37%. Pigs, $3 15@3 30. v
Receipts of sheep and lambs were very light,
and the market •in consequence was almost
nominal. ! • Lambs were quoted at S3 50@5 30 for
inferior to prime flocks. Yearlings sold at $4@
4 65, and sheep „at ■ $2@4 20. few going over
$4 10 •
Receipts-Cattle, ,100; • hogs, 28,000; sheep,
5000. .. r _.< KANSAS CIT Y. '
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Dec. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts,
250. Market • unchanged.
HOGS— Receipts, 5000. . ; Market steady 'to
strong. Bulk of - sales, ■$3 zs@3 35; heavies,
»3 25^3-40; packers, $3 20@3 35: mixed, $3 15®
3 35: light, $3 15® 3 27%; pigs, $2 90@3 15. '< "-: :--.=
■ SHEEP— No market. .
r-y'l ■'■'._-_ :. OMAHA. ;;»;v; ;»;v
OMAHA. Dec. 10.— CATTLE— 700.
Market strong. Native beef steers, $4 10@5 15:
Western steers, $3 70®4 30; Texas > steers, $3 SO®
4; cows and heifers, ; |3@4 15 ; stockers and feed
ers, $3 30<ff 4 40 : - bulls and stags, S2@3 80. v
Receipts, 10,000. • • Market '• steady to ■Eo
higher. Heavy. $3 25@3 35; mixed, $3 27%@3 30;
light, 13 30@3 40; pigs, v@3 25; bulk of sales,
$3'27H(g3 30. • \ • . - * ,
SHEEP— Receipts, 1500. ' Market : steady. '■ Na
tive muttons, $3 60®4' 40; Western muttons,
$3 4004 25; stockers, $3@3 75; lambs, '♦ $4@5 25.
NEW YORK IMPORTS AND EXPORTS.
NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— The imports of specie
this week were $917,415 in gold and $21,000 in
silver. The imports of dry goods and mer
chandise at the port of New York this week
were valued at $6,511,371.
Exports of gold and sliver from this port to
all countries for the week ending to-day ag
gregate $1,261,240 silver bars and coins, and
$767,785 gold.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balanw, $292,022,744; gold re
serve, $244,297,611.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Dec. 10.— Consols, 110 9-16; silver,
27Vid; French rentes, 102f S2V:jc; wheat cargoes
off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage
nominal, unchanged.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 10.— Wheat, dull; wheat in
Paris, steady: flour in Paris, firm.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 5-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Closed quiet. March, 5s 8V«d; May,
nominal. No. 2 red Western winter, dull, 6s
2d; No. 1 red Northern pring, dull, 6s i^d.'
CORN — Spot Amerlean mixed old, steady, 3s
B»id. December, quiet, 3s B%d; January, noth
ing quoted; March, quiet, 3s l%d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, Ss.
HOPS— At London, Pacific Coast, firm, £»@6.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Dec. 10.— Exchanges, $261,251
balances, $75,053.
NORTHEP.N WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Dec, 10.— WHEAT— Dull and
unchanged; Walla Walla, 58c; valley, 60c; blue
stem, C2c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec. 10.— WHEAT— Club, 5Sc; blue
stem, 6l!&€2c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 54%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 55%
Sterling Cables — 4 SG
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars — 47%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The market drags along in the
same old rut, with no variation -worthy of
note.
Spot wheat-Shipping, $1 13\©1 t6 ! ,i; milling.
*1 17%@1 22%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock -May— l6.ooo
ctls, $1 17%; 4000, $1 17; 40,000, $1 17%.
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 17%; 2000,
Regular Morning Session— May— 22,ooo ctls.
BARLEY— There was no further disturbance
in prices and there was very little doing.
Feed. ft. 27%ivl tSttc; Brewing, $1 a.'>«il 45 per
ctl.
CALL RO Aim SALES.
• Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales. ■ :
Second Session— No sales. . ■•• ;.■'•..
. Regular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS— Were dull but very firm. ■ and dealers
refused to sell under full figures.- '
Fancy .Feed, $1 27V<?1 3u per -ctl; good
to \ choice, ■>. SI 22«/4(?il 25: ' common. ■ $1 20;
Surprise.-. II 35® 1 42'4;.Gray,' $1 2001 22%; mill
ing, - $1 25(Til 30 per ctl; Red, $1 4C@l Black,
$1 6001 70.-.. , . .■:..■: :>. ■
CORN— Unchanged and dull.
Small round yellow, .$1 15@1 I'M: Eastern
large yellow, $1 10: white , $105''<110; mixed,'
$1 07V4 per ctl; California white, $1 10® 1 12^.
:. California, $1 I~U@l 20; • Eastern, $1 15
per ctl. ; ■.
BUCKWHEAT— Is nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
' FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15@4 25; bakers'
extras. $3 9C@4.per bbl. [ :•
MILLSTUFFS— In \ sacks ■ are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 • per 100 lbs Rye Flour, $2 75 ■ per
100; ; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25<g3>50: - Buckwheat
Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina,
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, S3 50; -.Rolled Oats
(barrels). $5 Ss@6 25> in sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs. . : ■ , ■ -:«x ,i -y.f-;\f ■ «
HAT AND FEKDSTUFFS. ■ :
There is no change in Hay, one way or the
other. • Feedstuffs are generally firm. v ■V'
. BRAN- $14 iO(SI6 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI9<g 20 per ton. . . '
FEEDRTUFFS-Rolled Barley,' $26 50® 27 50 per
ton: Oilcake' Meal at the mill, $316*3150; Job
bing. $o2<vf>32 50: Cocoanut Cake, $24025; Cotton
seed, Meal, $2Sfi3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23 .'io<Sl
24 50; Cracked Corn. $24«i25. - *
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $16 SO@IS for
good -.to choice and.sl4@l6 for lower grades:
no fancy coming In; Wheat and Oat, $lbigl6 50;
Oat, $14(fj15 50; Island Barley. $11@14; Alfalfa,
$111912 50; Stock. $n®l2;, Clover, nominal. . '
OUTSIDE HAY-(From Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
nhPat and Wheat and Oat. 513 50@1.~>: Ch°xt
$11 75(ff12 75: Alfalfa, $HV?ilo 50; Oat, $13 50015;
Clover, $11 50(gl2; Jimothy, | $11 50@13 per ton.
STRAW— 3s'fl'7se per bale.
• .' BEANS AND SEEDS.
The dry , weather acts as a stopper on the
Seed market. Beans are quiet and unchanged.' '
BEANS— $2<g2 10; Small Whites.
$2 15©2 20; Large Whites. $1 So@l 95: Pinks,
$2@2 10; Reds, $3 15@3 25; Blackeye. $?. 75@4.
Butters, ,s2fi;2 50: Llmas, $3 25@3 35; Pea, $2 30©
2 50; Red Kidneys, $2 40«2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $1 f,O<S4 75. per ctl:
yellow : Mustard. $4 23; Flax. $2^2 25: Canary
Seed, 2^@2»4c'per lb; Alfalfa, 6i.4<56%c; Rape,
2ii«i'2?ic: Hemp, l . 2Ht»3c; Timothy, sffl.s>4e. ■■-.• -
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 50(gl 75; Green. $175
@1 85 per ctl. -\-- '
POTATOES, - ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions are ' both firm at slight
advances. Vegetables run along about the
same. '■•'■'., .■"... ;
■ POTATOES— for Early Rose; 40<ff6Oc for
River Burbanke: Salinas Burbanks. 75c0tl 10:
Oregon, 75c@$l 10; Sweet Potatoes, 50<jj60c for
nearby and $130 for Merced: iNtsw Potatoes
lW*f2u.o ner.lh. ■ . ■ ..- ' •
ONIONS— per ctl. ' ' .'■ * '
VEGETABLES-Green Peas, 4©7 c; String
Beans, s@7c; Cabbage. 40@50c; Tomatoes, 25@
50c. for Bay and 25c@$l for Los Angeles; Egg
Plant, 10c per lb; Garlic. 7@Bc per lb; Dried
Okra. loc per lb: Green Peppers, 3@sc per lb-
Dried Peppers, 10@15c; Marrowfat Squash. $8
@10 per ton; Carrots, 251g35c per sack.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb 'in , lots of 25 lbs; sliced
desiccated. •' 16@18e; granulated, raw, 13 C '
Onions. 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c: Turnips 25c-
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Another car of Eastern will be put on to
morrow. , ' •
Turkeys continue in free supply and some
remained on hand at the close.
Game was weak under heavy arrivals. '
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 13@15e; live
Turkeys, 12<i<13c • tor - Gobblers and l!!©13c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings
$1 So©l 75; .Ducks, $466 50 for old and $4 500
6 50 for young; Hens, $3 SOfffS: young Roosters
$4 5005: old do. $4<s4 50; Fryers, $4@4 50: Broil
ers, • $4@4 50 for large, '-. $301 50 for small: Pig
eons. $I@l 25 per dozen for old and $1 75@2 for
squabs. . ' - '-■ : . ,
GAME— Quail, 75CS$1 25: Mallard. $3@4: Can
vasback, $6@9: Sprig, $2©3; Teal. $1 25@1 SO:
Widgeon. $1 25®1 50; Small Duck, $1 25; English
Snipe, $2: Jack Snipe, $161 25: Gray Geese
$2 50@3; White Geese, $1 25; Brant. $1 50<ffl 75;
Honkers, $3 50@4 50: Hare, 75c@$l; Rabbits
$1 25@1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for smal!
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Stocks of Butter are light and the market '■
continues firm at the advance. Cheese Is steady. '
Eggs show no change. Arrivals are sufficient, j
without being large.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 28<§'29c; sec
onds, 26<g27c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 23@25c; common
grades, 18@22c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 17ffllSc; pickled roll.
17@lSc for dairy and 19fj?20c for creamery
squares; crenmery tub, 22(822 1»c.1 »c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@16%c per
1b; Elgin. 22«22^c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 11V4J6"12c; old, 10
@Uc; Cream Cheddar. Utgnftie; Young Amer
ica, 12c; Eastern. 12@13c.
EGGS — Kanch Eggs, 33@33c per dozen; com
mon Eggs, 30<g32>ic; Eastern. 20@250 for ordi
nary and 27V5@284c fur fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes continue dull and
weak, owing to the cold weather. The other
fruits show no change worthy of note.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $1 23<g3 per chest for large i
and for small.
Cranberries, $7 50@9 per barrel for East
ern and $I@l 50 per box for Coos Bay.
Grapes, 60c(g$l per box and crate.
Apples, 36@60c for common. 75c@$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 25@1 50 for choice. Lady Ap
ples, 5V(i 1 50.
Pears— oOcfgSl 25 per box.
Persimmons— 6oc(ssl per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2@3 per
box: Seedlings, $1 25(j?2; Mandarins, $I@l 50: I
Lemons, $I@2 for common and $2 50@4 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $3 50(84; Call- !
fornia Limes. 25@.'j0c per small box: Orane !
Fruit. $1 50@3 50; Bananas, $1 50@2 per bunch ; i
Pineapples, $3@5 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, 6V4c for 40-50's, 4H@
5c for 80-60's, 3V4@3%c for 60-70's, 2K@3c for
70-SO's, 2Vi@2%c for 80-90's, 2c for 90-100"s and
1%@1%c for, 100-110' a; Silver Prunes, 2%@5c:
Peaches, 6@7V4c for good to choice, 7'^@Sc for
fancy and 10@12%c for peeled; Apricots, 10@12c
for Royals and 12@12%0 'or Moorpark; Evapo
rated Apples; 7%@7Msc; sun dried. 4@U4c; Black
Figs Backs, 2@2V4c; Plums. 4M>@6c for pitted
and lOIHe for unpitted: Nectarines, 6@"c for
prime to fancy; Pears, 6@Bc for quarters and
S@9c for halves.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, E^c for four-crown, 5%@6V4c for Seed
less Sultanas, 4"Ac for Seedless Muscatel* and
Jl 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes. 2%®3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, S(ffl2%c per 1b; Walnuts.
6@7c for hardshell, 9@loc for softshell; Al
monds, 6@7c for hardshell. 13c for softshell, 140
15c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern
and 4%t??. r .c for California; Cocoanuts. $4 50®5.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, (%<$
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, 505^0
"BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. Ihic per Ib for
heavy, 8c for light medium. 10c for light, lOVjc
for extra light and 12@12M:C for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10@10'ic: California
Hams. 9tt@9%c; Mess Beef, $10 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, Jll; Family Beef, $12 50; extra
Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18; mess, $15 50i3>
16; Smoked Beef, HV4@l2c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5%c per lb for
compound and 7@7V4c for pure; half-barrels
pure, 7Kc: 10- In tins, Sc: 5-lb tins. BV4c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 5T4@6Hc; packages
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls, 60 in a case, 9Vjc;
3-lb palls, 20 in a case, B%c; 6-lb pails. 12 In a
case, BHc; 10-Ib pails, 6 in a case, S%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 -in a case. I%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, &He: fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7*ic.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, S^c; light. 8c; Cowhides,
8c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip, 8c: Calf, 8c; dry I
Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands, 12c; dry |
Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins,
shearling?., 15@25c each;- short wool, - 30@40c
each: medium. CO@SOc: lone wool. 90c@$l 10
each; Horse Hides. salt $1 75@2 for. large and
TJc for small: Colts, 50c; Horse Hides, dry. $150
for large . and 50c@$l -■ for ' small. .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered., 34@3%c per lb;
No. 2,' 2%c; refined, 4%@5c; Grease, ' 2c. . .
.WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain. - 12
months', '7©9 c; ■ San Joaquin -and*. Sou' hern, -7
months', S#9c; Foothill and . Northern, ■ free, 13
<gl4c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9@llc;
, Humboldt and Mendoclno. 14@16c;- Nevada, 109
1 13c; Eastern Oregon, ' 10@12c. .. • ' '
! Fall Wools— ■
, Humboldt:and Mendocino : 9<f?ll
, Northern Mountain ..VA.v.;.. ;..'............. 8@ 9
! Mountain ...':..:..:.. : 7@ 9
, Plains 6@ 8
,-.'. HOPS— IS9S crop. 12M;'S14o per lb for ordinary,
. 15@16c r for good and 17ffl9c for choice to f^ncy.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET. "
I Quotations for all kinds are, unchanged. The
! market is sufficiently supplied; and _ quiet.
-Wholesale rates from' slaughterers to dealers
I are as follows:
; BEEF— First quality, 6V4c; second quality, 6c;
third quality. 4H'u5 I~c.1 ~c. •. ■ /
VEAL— Large. CH@7',4c: small. C'jg'Sc per lb.
'■ MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7'*c; Ewes, 6V^@7c.
■ LAMB— Be per lb. ' - ' ' ~ 1 ■ .
PORK— Live Hogs, 4c for large, 4'ic for me
dium, and Z\i<B:Z¥ic for small; stock Hogs, 2%^
3c; dressed Hogs, 6@6Vs.c for prime. '■ .
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, for 'next season,
nominal, at 4%@5c; Wool Bags, 26@2Sc; San
I Quentin Bags," $4 85. ' • „• '
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton,' $S; Southfield' Wellington, $7 50; Seattle
1 $6: Bryant. $6; Coos Bay. $5: Wallsend, $7 50;
j Scotch. $S; Cumberland. $8 50®9 in bulk and $10
I @10 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite . Egg,
1 $14; Cannel, ,$S 50 per ton; Rock Springs and
I Castle Gate,, $7 CO; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk
1 and $14. 1n sacks.- '< 
. SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
! pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
i and Fine Crushed. 6%c: Powdered, 6 3 8c; Candy
i Granulated. r,"ic; Dry Granulated. s^c: Confec
! tinners' A, Hie; California A, 5%c; Magnolia A
R%c:. Extra C. .*Uo: Golden C.SHe: halt-barrels.
%c more than barrels, and boxes '4c more. No
order taken for : less than 75 ■ barrels 'or Its
equivalent.
PRODUCE RECEIPTS.
. For Saturday. December 10.
! Flour, qr sks 102.360 Wool, bales.. 4
Wheat, ctls 1.760 Raisins, bxs. '.'.'.'.'. C 42
Barley, ct15. ....... 7.5.50 Pelts, bd15. ....... 60
I Butter, ct15......; 114 Hides, no.. 1 177 I
; Cheese, ct15....... 10 Eggs. doz ....." 52^
! Beans, sks ...... 1.319 Lime. bb15. ...... > 590
; Potatoes 5k5..... 7.308 Sugar, *\lh'.'.'.'.'.'..'. 470
' » "J°,?, ' sks v---- 1-3*o Leather, r0115.... 99:
Middlings, sks.... 305. Lumber, feet.. 50 000
Hay,-, tons ■ 2SS Wine.. gals.. 49500
Straw, tons V 19 Brandy, aais.;::: 5330
OREGON. j
I Barley, ctls ::::::: tm Hay - tons ' »
f)a|q f - CUB 1,300 " , -•*■'«»•••••••» &J
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks closed the week dull at gen
erally lower prices. • t ViV 'i
Local securities sold fairly for Saturday but
there were no changes worthy of note. . . ,
The Overman assessment of 5 cents per share
will be A delinquent , in the boards to-morrow
The Alaska Packers' Association will ply a
regular monthly dividend of 75 cents to'-mor*
The annual meeting of the Nevada National
Bank has been called for January 10 ' >atlonal
XT .1 6 an " ual meeting of the San ' Francisco
National Bank has been called for January 10
.The Central Eureka. Mining Company 'Am
dor County has levied an assessment of lVi
cents per share, delinquent January 9
, In the Standard Consolidated mine, at Bodie
for the week ending, December 3. some ptop
pecting work continued to be done in the East.
Security, Black,, Golf and Transit ledges on
the ISO, 318. 470 and 582 levels. Some of the
ore is too poor to save. In the slopes, where
very little work is being done, the ore is much
poorer on the 270 level, \ but on the 336 leve
there is a small streak of high grade ore
™m * . W ,°' th . lrds of the frame for the new
mill building is up and the whole building will
be enclosed In about two weeks from December
r* i. c attery frame will be completed by
Christmas. An addition of one wire to the pole
me has been finished for four miles. At tail
ings plant No. 1. 361 tons of tailings were
treated during the week. The November prod
uct of the tailings was $5400.
. STOCK AND ; BOND EXCHANGE.
. SATURDAY, . Dec. 10.
:U. S, Bonds- dASk - s F G&E 3 i( j AB jj
U. S. Bonds — c y p p p w cjxl c
44 44 S s q qq U v a a r rr C r°e UU g P "- " ¥*«*-''' "*
4 S \ a a r e #::: = = ■ st^™ n ?™-- m
M is CC a r iian U05%106U 05%106 ' Firem's Furd "10 -
Miscellaneous- 117 * \v2ter Stocks-. '
Cal-st Cab 55.. 115 117 Contra Costa ?0 M
CO W*^" \lul~ Marin Co 50 -
DuD-stexc' wu Spring Valley. lol^lol%
EL4P«h'"™ ** Bank Stucks-
F&CI Ry 6s' 114 ~ Anglo-Cal .... 63% 65
Oearv-st R 5^ W>v. Bank of Cal.. .254^256 '4
HC' & S 514s - -* Cal S D & T.. 98 100
LAL, Co II" 99 - First Nationl. 2lo 215
Marked fa" -" V? '" V. x ? h A •• •• m ,15
Market-st 65. .129 - $!f r . S x J hh S nge ,~ ,1«
Do Ist M 5b:115%- - N l^ Nat ?,•;!'" OT
N C.N G X 7s. 108 - . rray^ ay i n f B f^ST '
NRv Cal 65.. 113% - Ger S a*- Vi,.^ —
N Rv pel r^ 113% Hum S & U.1U50 1160
NPCRRtm-.I M u liv s i a V -^ ~
NPC R R 58.100%101 | £ f a S n b -- "^ ™
N Cal R R 58.103 105 sJS,,.T,J > Vii ~ JS
Oak Gas 55.... 109 - 5f n "' l % S r *,Ty
Om Rv 6s 127 — Union T C 0.1060. 1060 —
P & Cl Rv'es' 07 ■■-• Street. Railroads-
Pi O6s 112 - California ....109<A-
Powell-st 65:.. — 123 ca L y *"* — " -?„ 7-v
Sac El By ss. 100 - Jf^l 1 ; 8 a "h' ° 7hi 57%
sf& N p 5s.llO%110»; S ak ,s, L& H - — ■ -
SierraßCal6s.lo4^los>4 Presidio ....... 9% -
SPofAr 6s 111 — Powder— '
S P C65(1905-6)lll%112l4 California '.. ..135 145
SPC 6s (1912) 116% 117*4 g. fynamite^.. 85 9a
ii pCIs eg ss. 102 — Giant Con Co. 57 6<£
iSP Br 65... ...US - Vlgorit .; •• 3 * 3 '»
IS V Water 65. 119 120 '. Miscellaneous— •■
S V W4s(3dm). - 101<i Al Pac Assn.. —
X V W4s(Sdm).loo%lol>4 er Ld \Vks..l6o — ,
Stktn Gas t0.. 100 - Hana PI C 0... 17V4 17%
Gas & Electric— H C & S Co.. 49 »0
Capital Gas?.. - - Hutch S P Co. 63% 64
Cent Gaslight. los — Mer Xx Assn. 90 -
Cent I, & P... 13% — Oceanic S Co.. SSU. 58%
Mutual El Co. 11% 11% Pac A F A... 1% 2
Oakland Gas.. - 524 | Pac C Bor Co. loo f -
Pac Gas Imp. 85 — j Par Paint Co. 7% — :
Pac L Co 47% 50 '
<■•;.. Morning Session. . . •
' Board — .
50 Anglo-Cal Bank  63 50 ,
100 Central Light & Power; — 14 00
50 Central Light' & Power ..13 75
40 Central Light & Power 13 50
25 Giant Powder C0n....... ....57 00
35 Hawaiian Com * Sugar.... 49 00
'25 Hawaiian Com & Sugar,' s 30.".. 49 00
10 Hutchinson S P C 0.... ..;....;. 63 75
100 Mutual' Electric Light. 11 25
100 Oceanic SS, C 0....... ...58 50
• 20 Oceanic S S Co, s 90......... 5S 25
10 S rViWater...... "...■.: ..............101 75 •
$2000 SF & N P Ry bonds 110 50
50 Vlgorit Powder, b 30 3 50
50 Vigorit Powder, b 3 3 50
850 Vigorit P0wder;...:.:..... 3 50
- Street— ' . ',■„„
00 Oceanic S S Co, b 10.... u9 00 -
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Mornins Session.
100 Belcher 22! 100 Mexican f-l
200 Best & Belcher. 4l!300Ophlr hi
100 Caledonia ?2i200 Sierra Nevada. .l 10
100 Challenge Ml 3oo Sierra Nevada..! us
250 Con Cal & Va..l TO 200 Union Con 21
300 Gould & Curry.. 2> 200 Utah 13
200 Mexican o2 200 Teilow Jacket.. 17
Following- were the sales in the PaciJic Stock
Board yesterday:
Morninpr Session.
500 Alpha Con nc' loo Occidental 92
300 Andes ')" 300 Occidental !>3
700 Belcher 21,400 Ophlr 62
200 Best & Belcher. 41 ] 400 Overman 03
600 Chollar 251300 Potosi 24
200 Chollar 261600 Sierra Nevada.. 1 10
500 Hale & Norcrs.. 17 700 Sierra Nevada! 07Vi
300 Mexican 34 200 Union Con 22
300 Mexican 32,600 Utah 13
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, Dec. 10—12 m
Bid. Ask., Bid. Ask.
Alpha 05 07! Julia — 02
Alta — 14 Justice 19 20
Andes 07 09 Kentuek 06 07
Belcher 21 22 Lady Wash — 05
Benton 04 10 Occidental 92 —
Best & Belcher 41 42 Ophir C 263
Bullion 04 0:> Overman 03 Ot
Caledonia 21 23 Potosi 24 26
Chollar 24 25 Savage 15 17
Challenge 17 19 1 Scorpion 03 05
Confidence 65 70 Seg Belcher ... 04 05
Con Cal & Va.l 30 1 35 Sierra Nevada. 1 05 1 10
Con Imperial.. 01 02 Silver Hill — 06
Crown Point... 17 IS Syndicate — 05
Con New York. — 04 Standard 175 —
Eureka Con 30 — Union 22 '3
Exchequer -- 02 Utah 12 13
Gould & Curry. 28 29 Yellow Jacket. 17 18
Hale & Norcrs. 16 17
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during- the week
Name of Stock.
i. ..'
s
ier...:::7.v;vv.v;v;;
&' Belcher
sn ..................
onla ;-V. .". /. ."..; ;T.;'. :
enge'..
ar . ..'.'. . r.. . . ; ..;'.".'. ]
Cal &>Va;... ......
ience •.:... .;.:.....-
n P0int::......... 1 .
I & Curry.:.;.....:
& Norcrosa... '.".;..
:e r. . :. . .':... ;. :r; .'.';
•an .................
enta1 :......".......:
nan '.:::.....;......
1:..-..:...........;..
re ; ; .". .". . :*tt:;; .\: :v::
[ardi:.".....-.."....;.:
i Nevada . : ;".. .7:r.
1
w Jacket.;.........
XI I X
1 &
& I
M. I T.
| W. IT.IF. |S.
06 06 05 TTTT
12 12
07 08 07
23 23 22 22
44 45 42 41
.... 04
21 22 21 22
16j 18 17 20
251 29 25 25
1 35jl 4011 35! 130
65.... 68!....
18 17 18 17
29 33 29 28
21 21 20 16
191 21 20 19
M 381 35 32
651 67 63 61
86 06 93 90
03 03 03 02
26 28 » 25
191 20 18 ....
1 80 1 85|1 75 1 75
1 25 1 30:1 15 1 10
26 27 22 21
14 16 14 13
19| 18| IS 17
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of Hitch and Lot/
Raters at Fort Point, entrance -to San
Francisco Bay. Publis-hed by official au
—SS5 t3 ! 2* the Superintendent.
JSUIE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
tfXDAY, DECEMBER 11.
Sun rises 7 1,-
Sun set? 4--' l
Moon rises .....\..\.'"".\".'."""itfi"i] m.
O lTlme . , Time 1 |Time Time
■ 5. Ft. !Ft' i — Ft — Ft
_£_ j^JW __ j^vvj _jL_W Ft ' H W| ' >
11... 2:IS S.O 6:32 5.9 ii-4.! 11-20 4 0
12 ... 3.1 ■ 9:is , 6.1 y 4 !« .^l" .. .
13 ... 0:12.4.1 4:01 2.2 1O:OS _ «.s 22-1.1
14 ... :.o; 4.2 4:r,9 3. 2| ":00 6 . 2 ; 6:20-1.3
1d... 1.4, 4.0 f, : .,f 3.2 11-54 . » 0 ;-(|«_ii
17... 3:IS 4.9 - : £ 3.0 i§s2 - ! Zq '
lfi ■:■ 2:33| 4.8 7:0O| 3.1 12:5^ t} T.^m!?
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning, tides are (rtven in the left
hand column and the. successive ti.l-<. of the
day in the order. of occurrence as to time The
second time column gives the second tide of
th ** C l a v. , the thfrJ , l l me <rilu "in the third tide
and the last or right hand column rives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three, tides, as sometimes occur. Th- h<>ichta
pivpn are additions to the soundings on the
United • States Coast Survey charts except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number Riven Is subtracted from
the depth Riven hy the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower tow waters
TIME HALL.
Branch Hydropraphic Office, t.\ P N Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco Cal De
cember 10, 18M. '
Thp time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th merifllan. or at S
o clock p. m. Greenwich mean time
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. U. B. N.. in < harge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
'ma
ity of Peking.. China and Japan Deo n
'ity of PanamaiPanama Dec 11
lineola ITacoma Dec 11
I'yefleld Nanaimo li,-,- n
olumbla IPortiand ,'Dec 11
anta Rosa |Ban Direo Dec 1
hilkat IHumboldt „. Dec. 11
rcata jf'oos Bay Dec 12
:orth Fork IHumboldt Dec 1*
I'elllnpton Departure Bay IDec. 12
reelanaw Seattle IDec. 12
otjm Bay Newport Dec. 13
mntllla Victoria & Puget Sound Dec. 13
Ijjnal Astoria Dec. 13
ornona Humboldt IDee 13
implre ;Coos Bay I Dec' IS
'u'fon iPortland |Dec 13
i'ashtenaw Tacoma IDec. 13
»el Norte (Crescent City ;Dec. 14
.lameda Australia IDec. 14
orr,na | San Diego | Dec. 15
tateCalifornlalPortland IDec. 16
has. Nelson... IPuget Sound iDec. 16
'acllo 'China and Japan IDec. 16
'."eeott iYaqutna Ray Dec. 16
lackinaw ITacoma Dec. 16
'rizaha [Newport Deo. 17
lueen (Victoria & Puget Sound Deo. IS
an Juan IPanama jDec. 19
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
'rizaba ....(Newport i Dec. 11, 9 am! Pier 11
i'alla WalliVlc & P*t Sd. IDec. 12. 10 amPler 9
liilUat .... Humholrit ....(Dec. 12. 2 pm|Pier 13
anta RosajSan Diego Dec. 13, 11 amiPter 11
■ ustralia ..IHorfolulu Dec. 14, 2 pmlPier 7
olumbia ..Portland Dec. 14, 10 am i Pier 24
leveland .. 'Seattle !Dec. 14, lrt ami Pier 2
rcata (roos Bnv IDec. 14, 10 am Pier 13
ons 8ay...! Newport 'Dec. 15, 9 ami Pier 11
ity Pt>kinK!^hinn&r.Tiipan'D°c. IS, 1 pm'PMSS
omnna IHumboldt jDec. 15, 2 pmlPier 9
omna iSan DießO jDec. 17, 11 ami Pier 11
'matilla .JVie & Pgt Sd.lDec. 17. 10 am' Pier 9
uracao ...IMexico IDec. 17. 10 amlPier 11
ignal iOray? Harbor! Dec. IS r.«
I'eeott — lYaquina Bay. l Dec. 18 !
tate of Cal 1 Portland Dec. 19. 10 am Pier 24
an Jose... Panama ', Dec. 19, 12 m!PMSS
'mat
SHIPPING IN TKI.I.M.KN IZ.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, December 10.
Stmr Bonita, Nicolson, ' 46 hours from Coos
Bay. ;• ■ ■ - : ' . - '""■V-«.:7 : '-■' '- <i-"*\V\
Stmr Minenla, David, 84 hours from Tacoma.
Stmr Curacao, Yon ■ Helms, 10 days v from
Guaymas, via Ensenada 42 hours.
Stmr Aloha, . Jorgensen, 12 hours from Point
Arena. ■• -• . '. ; -, • '- "
Stmr '. Whitesboro, ; Johnson, 15 hours from
Whitesborn. ■ . " ■ '■■ "
Sehr Lucy, ; Paterson, 7 days from Columbia
River. ... .: .._■.-.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridgett, — hours from
Ventura. ■ • ■ i ; . : v ' _ •
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson,' 18 hours from
Fort Brag?. ■ ' i! _ . -
Stmr - Alcazar,- Fagerlynd, 41 hours from New
port (S). - • -ii ■ • ,
Schr Una, Harkinp, 6% days from Astoria.
Schr Newark, ; Beck,. 15 hours rrom.Bowens
Landing. -;■,-.- -■ .V r ,■?..-'
Stmr Samoa; Johnson, 22 hours from Eureka.
Schr Joseph Rugs, Peterson, 12 days from Port
Gamble. /" ■ . • . -
CLEARED.
Saturday. December 10.
Bark Holliswood, Knight, Callao; W R Grace
& Co.
Br bark Hawthornbank, Greig, Queenstown;
G W McNear.
Br ship Bothwell, Bellringer, Portland; Giv
vin & Eyre.
Bktn W H Dimond, Nilson, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Orizaba, Shea, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins A Ofc.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka: Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, December 10.
Br stmr Bristol. Melntyre. Nanaimo.
Sohr Beulah, Mitchell. Wallapa Harbor.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Fosen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Proprreso, Gibney, Seattle.
Stmr Ruth. Strand. Grays .tiarbor.
Schr Monterey. Beck. linwens Landing-.
Stmr South Portland, Daniels. Coos Bay.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Point Arena.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr San Bias, I'rry. Champerico.
Sehr W F Jewett, Johnson, Port Gamble.
Schr La Chilena, Matsen, Fort Ross.
Schr Free Trade. Erickson.
MISCELLANEOUS.
PORTLAND, Dec 10— SE storm signals have
been ordered along the Oregon and Washington
coast and information signals of sound and
straits.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Dec 9— Stmr
Brunswick, hence Dec 6, and not at Coos Bay.
as previously reported.
Sailed Dec 10— Schr Repeat, for San Fran
cisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Dec 10— Stmr Arcaja, for
San Francisco. ■
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Dec 10— Aus
Etmr Slam, for Nanaimo.
CLALLAM BAY— Sailed Dec 10— Ship Elwell.
for Fremantle.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 10— Ship Aryan, for
Norfolk.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Dec S— Br stmr Belgic,
hence Nov 19.
Sailed Nov 26— Ger bark Najade, for Oregon
HONGKONG— Arrived prior Dec 10— Stmr City
of Rio de .Teneiro, hence Nov 10.
MANlLA— Arrived Nov 26— Stmr Ohio, hence
Oct 28; stmr Arizona, from Honolulu.
MELBOURNE- Arrived prior Dec 9— Br bark
Gladys, from Chemainus.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed Dec S— Br ship Forrest
Hall, for Bristol.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed Dec 7— Br ship Achna
shle. for Oregon.
WELLINGTON. N Z— Sailed Dec 3— Br stmr
Warrimoo, for Vancouver.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS
PHILADELPHIA— SaiIed Dec 10— Stmr Cor
can, for Glasgow.
NEW YCRK— Sailed Dec 10— Stmr Rotterdam.
for Rotterdam: *tmr La Goscoßne, for Havre;
stmr Augupte Victoria, for Naples; stmr Alesia,'
for Marseilles; stmr Phoenicia, for Hamburg
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec 9— Stmr Etruria,
from New York.
Sailed— Stmr Siberian, for Philadelphia; stmr
Luoania. for New York.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Dec 10— Stmr Southwark,
for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Dec 10— Stmr La Bretagne.
for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON-Sailed Dec 10-Stmr St
Paul, for Xrff York.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
California
Limited
Santa te Route
Connecting Train Leaves San Fran-
clsco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY,
TUESDAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives in Chicago at 8:1 5 A.M. the
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday-Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Expres3.
SAN HUICISCO TICKET OFFICE — S2S MAfIKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 16*1.
Oakland Offioo— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Stre it.
6»n Jom offio«— 7 West Santa Clan St.
RAILROAD TRAVEL. ' ' "■■
MOUTH KIIS . t*A«JIJfJt! <O.UI*A*T.
■ " ' (PACIFIC StSTKM.) j
Trains !et»T« nuil m*« i. (r In nrrlve as '
NA.N I'KA.X'INiO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
(.says: —j . From Nov. 29, 1898. — arrivb
•«:OOa Niles, Saii Joae and Way SUtions... *8:-i»A
7:OOa Benlcia, Suuiti) and Sacramento.... 10:43 a
7:O«a MarysTille, Orofilleaud Kedding »ia
Woodland ;.... 5:413p
7:O<»« Elmira, Vacavil!e and Rnmsey B:lsrW
7:SUa Martinez. .San Kauion.Valiejo, Kapa, *S /
t'ali»ti)gaan«l S:inS:i Besa ..... 6:15p
8:00 a Atlantic .S.'pr>B, Og.lfii and Kust.. Bi43r
»:»«A San Jose, .Stockton, .Valley Spring,
Jone, " .Sacramento,' M»ryRTlll«», •■ •
Cliico, Tehuma and Ke<l 1t1u1T.... -i.-l.lp
»:3Oa Stockton, Oakdale and Juueitotrn.. 4:15p
•*:8Oa Milton .: ;. r .. *7:15p
»:»Oa Martinez, Tmcv. Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced nd Fre5n0..;...'.;....:... 12t13p
•i»»» Fr«»n(i, Itakenllelil, Santa Hiirliara, "i :*
Los Angeles. Dcmiog, El Paso,
. JfewOria»usand Ka3t. ...;....;.. i •<4sr
Fresno, Meudota, Tracy and Mar-
■ •• •■ tioez . O:J»p
IO:OOa Vallcjo, Martinez and Way Station* 7:43r
•liOOp BMnioealo Hirer Steiiiiiurs "BsOOp
1 »:tO« Nileg, Tracy, Stockton, Mendota,
Hanford, VisalU, Exeter and Por-
' tenrille -I:l5 r
1 :OOr Niles. .-(ai. Jose and Way Stations ... 11:45*
....... San Jose, Nlles and Way Stations... 1»:I5a
' ....... Llrcnrjore, .San Jose, Nlleeaud Way
Stations :IOs1»a
4tOOp M»rfiner, Han Hanion, Vallejo,
Napa, «.'alialos», I'll Verano and
SHiiia Uosa »il»»
4iOOp Benioia, Vacarille. Woodland,
Knights landlnc. MarysTille, Or<»-
»il!e nu,l S»cr».,,Bi.tc, 10:45 a
4i3«lp Niles, San Jose and Stockton ....... 7»13r
5:0 Op Marline?., Trioy. M.:i..lota. Fresco,
Mojnre, Santa Jlarbara and I. on
Aiiiii-lcH Bi4»a
»iO«p Santa K» Uoiite. Atlantic Kxpress
f... tft.l« « ...,.i |-.. . 6:45p
S:UOP Martinez, Lathrop, Stockton, - :
Merced and Fresno ia:l5P
->:OOp "• , _ v . <oai)t IJIUUW "Xi I'aso, .
Fort Worth," Little' Keck, Ut. ! '
Louis, Chicago and E»st JB:l3r
"IOOi- i:iir..|.Miiu Mail, (hnlaii and Kiist «:4.1a
6:00p Haj wards, Niles and San J05e...... 7 - 4 **
*M:OOr Vallejo... ....... l»:15p
:7:O« P Valle jo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions J»:4f»P
8:0Sr Oretmi Kx|>rMn,Hacriiniento, Marys- V
vllle, ltc<Mln , Portland. I'nget 1
M"iii,.Uii,l Kast 8tl»A r
flIO:O!»p "Sunset Limitt-d." Fresno. Los
Angeles, El Pa«o, New Orleans
, and East bl:4»p
SAN LKA.MMCO AM» lUVWAKHS MM Al..
(Foot of Market Street.) .■
1 Helroxf, Seminary Park, (■ .
«:O<>* Kilrliliuri;. Klnihuntt, «:»."Sa
iU:OOa San I.phiiiliii, Snulli Sun t*D:45/_
lo.»ii« Leandro, K»ln<lll!o, 1 «:!.■> a
tl I:OOa i.orenio, (herrf - !••«»
« l:««p , ' 11i43p
»:O«p , ||«TTf*rd^ t5:45p
7soor ißuusthrouKNile. ' «''
) t From Nlles. \ I.
COAST IHVIMOM (Narrow Wange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
Si 13a Newark.Centerrille.Ban Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa OniE and Way
- Stations s<sOi
•»ilsp Newark. Ceoterrille, San Jose, New
Almadon, Felton, Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations..... ;... •1O:."IOa
4»15p Newark. San Jose and Los Gatos... 9:30*.
tl 1:43 p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way SUtiorm {~:2Op
. CREEK ROUTE TERRY.
rron SiS FItINCISCO — Foot of Market Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:00 *8:00 {3:00
•1:00 ■ tB:OO •6:00r.u.
rrtmOAIUKD— of Bro«dw«y.— "0:00 8:00 10:00*. m.
tl2:00 *1:00 J8:00 • *3:03 11:00 *3:00i-.m.
COAST 111 VISION (Uroatl»Hug«).
■ (Third and Towusend Stg.)
7:O1»A San Joso ami Way . SUtioua (New
Aluiaden Wednesdays only) 1:»Of
9:00* Han Jmo, Trcs P1...,», Kauia Onus, ' ■.'-,- *V !
Paclllc drove, Pas.) Uobles, San "
Luis niiisrm, Unadalupe, Surf and .'. -■ '
rrincliial Way SUUnns 4:I0r
IO:4Oa San .lose ami Way SUtions •8:<I«»A
II:3Oa San Jose and Way Htations Bi33a
•at4si-San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Han Jose, : '
Gllroy, Hollister, Santa Cruz,
- -Salinas, Monterey and I'acillc
(irovo '..;.. MO:3Aa
•»:3Op Sail Jose and Way Stations *0:OOa
•lsl.1i» Han Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
a3:oora 3:00r San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:».»a
3t«oi- San Jose ami Principal Way Stations S:3<)p
«:3«f San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
t11;43i- San Joae and Way Stations ~:3Op
A for Moruiug. . P for Afternoon!
* -Sundays excepted. } Sundays only, t Saturday* only
•!■ Mondays and Thursdays. a T uesdays and Saturdays,
f Saturdays and Wednesdays. iXhurtdan and Sundays
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
B AN '" FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:».
E:SO, 6:10,. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:a*
* and. 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30. 11:00 a. m. 1:30. >:B*V
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 4:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:43.
! 1:40, 6:10 p. m. . Saturdays— Extra trips at
! 1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:*». 3:«.
6:00, 6:25 p. m. ii
Between San Francisco and Schuetzeo Pars: I
same schedule as above. . ■ '
; . Leave . .' . Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
—————— October 18, ■ ■B j
Week Sun- 1898. Sun- I Week % 1
Days. days. Destination. da^o. j Days.
7:80 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 ara
I:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:25 am
t :10 pm 6:00 Santa Rosa. 7:23 pm 6:22 pro
~ Fulton.
1 :10 am * Windsor, . 10:13 am
HtiHlrln'i
Lytton,
GeyservlUe,
1:80 pm 8:00 am ■ Cloverdale. 7:36 pm *:23pra
;' •• i ", -'. ■ Hopland and
7:Boam 8:00 am Ukian. 7:35pm 6:22 pra
7:30 am ■ ' ' 10:25 am
8:00 am Ouernevlll«. 7:15 pm
1:80 prn ■ - ■ 6:21 pra
I:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40& m
f - and
1:10pm 6:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7 -30 am 8 :00aml Sevastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:80 pm 6:00 pm| 7:35 pm| 6:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark We«
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
Berville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale foe
the Geysers; at Hopland for • Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs. Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Bine Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. - Lierley's. BucknelPs.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Boonevllle. Orr •
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Brag*.
Westport, Usal. Willltts. Laytonvllle. Cum-
ming's. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen s. Dyer.
I Scotia and Eureka. ?.- -"••-' , , ■
Saturday to Monday round trip ticket* at
On° Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 660 Market st., Chronicle bio*.
H. C. WHITING. «• £«^ T A N - ,
General Manager. Gen - p » ss - Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD. k
Via Sausalito Ferry. M
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
" WEEK DA YS-*7 :20. m«;»;3O.m «;»;3O. ; 11:00 a. m. : "1:45.
1-45 5-15, •6:00. 6:30 p. m. - ■
rvTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday.
W^dnefdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUN ? DAYS-»8:00, 10:00. 11 :M a. ,m.; 1:li.
I : T>arns 3 °rnarked''» Tun to San Quentln. •
•frnini marked • run to San Quentln.
PROM SAN RAFAFL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
F WEEK DAYS-5:25. • '6:36. 7:46, »9:30 a. m.;
•i?-20 2:20 *3:45, 5:05 p. m. -
EXTRA - TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
•ml caturdavs at 6:40 p. m. 11:53 a; n, S
6UNDAYS-6:20. «8:00. 10:00. 11:5. a. m.:
•l-is *I:1*. 4:40, »6:20 p.m. ■ ■
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
* WEEK DAYS-f.:45. 6:45. 7:55, 9:40 a. m. :
12-35 2:45 3:50, 5:20 p. m. ...
EXTRA TRIPS on . Mondays, • Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. W:O6 a. m.: 12:03, 1:20. 2:29.
4:00, 6:20 p. m. ' ».'.-
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1-46 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
• ■ stations. --■■ •■::■ - ■ ■ ■ .-.-.a .- . •■
1:00 a, m. Sundays— Mills and war it a' a,
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10. 1898, trains will run as follows: -
South-bound. • 1* North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. • • Mixed. [Passen-
ger. Sunday ■ Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd .Stations.". Exc'ptd] Daily.
8:20 am 10:30 am • Stockton 3:45 pm 5:50 pm
10:10 am 2:ospm Merced 12:40pm 4:o3pm
11:40 am s:3o pm Fresno ■ 9:3oam 2:32pm
12:38 pm| 7:45pm Hanford 7:4sami I:3spm
3:2opm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:3oamill:2sam
12:58 pm| 8:50 pm , : VlsaUa ' 6:40 <un| 1:15 pin
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars. of stage and other connection*
Inquire at, Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Market
street, San Francisco. .'•' ■. ■
-■ - — — : :: — — :—: — . : " ■■■"
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY. $*
■<;. (Via Sausalito Ferry.)
■ _ Leave ; San . Francisco, commencing Sunday.
Bept. 11, 1898: ; : . ■ .. ;■. ■ :
Week Days— a. m.. 1:45 p. m.
* Sundays— 8:00, 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1.
THOB. COOK & : SON. Acenta. 621 Market )
street.^Ba.n^Franclsco. >
Weekly Call. $1.50 per Year 1BOYS' AND GIRLS' PAGE.
FOR THE SAKE OF
HER DEAR FATHER
BY MARIE ALLEN KIMBALL,
MA! Oh ma!" a shrill voice called,
as its owner, a tall, thin girl,
came hurr inpr Into the kitchen
where several children were
chattering, .squabbling at the
Fink, preparatory" > washing for break
fast.
"Where's ma?" she asked.
"Down cellar getting the milk. What
do you want her for, Liza?"
The girl did not reply, but whisked
down the stairs.
"Ma," she cried breathlessly, peering
Into the gl Jra <>f the cellar, 'conn- up
stairs, quick; there's a woman wants
tii see you. She says she's in a dread
ful hurry. She asked for pa first."
she added in . lower tone.
"Sakes alive, child', who can be want-
Ing your father, and him dead these
two years?"
"Oh, mother, do come; she can't
wait."
"Well, she will have to, till I .cot
this milk upstairs," and balancing the
pan carefully Mrs. Hawkins slowly
ascended the st
She stopped to place it on the table
and went on into the sitting room, fol
lowed by the children.
She, too. was tall and angular, with
b sharp face, hard and seamed with
crinkles. She found her c ly callor
a small, shabby woman, pacing up and
down th" 1 room.
She had an excited air and her fingers
•worked nervously with the fringe of
her shawl.
"Oh." she cried, "are you Mrs. Haw
kins'."'
I am; won't you sit down?"
PUZZLE— FIND THE SPANISH SPY.
From the Baltimore American.
"No, I can't, I'm in such a hurry.
I'm Mrs. Bone and I'll tell you what I
came for; I want some money."
Mrs. Hawkin pave a sort of snort.
"So do all of .s," she replied, "and it's
mighty Bcarce here."
"Oh, let me tell you I've had a lot
of money left to me and the lawyer has
written me to come down to the city
and sign some pa.ier- and get it. He's
got to go to Mexico right off on busi
ness, so you see I must hurry to catch
him. 1 haven't got money enough, "
opening her purse. I must have %:>
more to get the ticket. I thought I'd
find Mr. Hawkins here. He was good
to me years ago."
"Always better to other folks than
; GREW SINCE" WE lii
MARYSVILLE, CAL.
to himself," muttered his wife.
"And I've walked ten miles to get
here."
"Likely, this morning!"
"No; part yesterday," flushing slight
ly, "and your girl says he's dead, and
1 don't know anybody else in this
town." she faltered, "but 1 must go on
the train. Won't you let me have it?
I'll pay you back and more too."
"Well, you can't have what I ain't
got. If I give to everybody that asks
me we might starve. What with the
tramps and the agents ~nd the folks
that wants to get back East, it would
beggar anybody: Husband never could
refuse people or I shouldn't be situated
as I am. »«O (as the thought of her
own perplexities came over her); no, I
can't do it."
The woman turned to the window and
wrung her hands.
Liza had been listening with dilated
eyes. Now she pulled at her mother's
gown.
"Ma, may I give her my dress
money?"
"Well, if you do you'll go without
a dress; I can't get it."
Liza had worked for the neighbors;
pared fruit, run errands, and in various
ways accumulated enough money to get
her a now dress for an approaching
school exhibition, in which she was to
take a prominent part. She glanced
(nit <>f the win low to where a distant
rising smoke betokened the coming
train.
"Oh, ma do say quick or she can't
go." Her eyes were eager with plead
ing to give up her treasured little
hoard. "She'll pay it back."
"That I will, child," exclaimed the
woman, who was intently watching
them.
"Well," said the mother, "I have
nothing to do with it; you earned It;
it's yours, and if you want to throw It
ay.ay it is your own affair."
She rose stiffly to leave the room.
Liza took hold of her arm. "Oh,
mother, do nay I may. Don't you think
father would like it?"
Mrs. Hawkins looked at her daughter
and hesitated. Liza's eyes razing at
her so eagerly were very like her
father's.
■'Well, you can if you want to," she
said coldly, and went out of the room.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1898.
Liza hurried away and came back
with the money and some food, which
she was hastiiy wrapping in paper.
"Here," she said, thrusting it into the
woman's hand, "there's only just
enough and you'll have to run," she
said, and pointed at the approaching
train.
"God bless you, child. I'll pay it
back."
"Oh, run, run!"
She started and Liza watched the
race and saw with relief the train draw
up and then start away. She had cast
her bread uptn the waters. Would it
return to her after many days? She
turned slowly into the house and be
gan to take up the braided rugs, pre
paratory to sweeping the room.
'Liza," called her small sister, "ma
Bays you're to come to breakfast."
"No, dear, not this morning. I gave
mine to that poor woman," and she
went on cleaning the room.
"Liza" — Mrs. Hawkins stood in the
door — "come to breakfast this minute.
If you have made a fool of yourself
once this morning you needn't go on
doing it."
"Oh, ma, I had to give it to her. I
was so sorry for her, and I know she'll
pay it back."
"Fiddlesticks; you'll go to th exhi
bition in your old dress for all your
work."
"I'm willing, mother."
"Well, you'll have to be. If ever there
was a child like her father"- she mut
tered to herself — "always ready to give
everything aw y."
The days wore on. A week passed,
and the school exhibition wt>s drawing
near. Liza's luck seemed to have de-,
serted her. She could find nothing to
do to earn even new ribbons to brighten
her old gown. She er.gerly watched
each incoming train, but no old lady
appeared; no letter was received.
She began to fea. that her mother
was right; that she would never see the
old lady again. She told herself over
and over, "Anyway, I couldn't help it,
for she said father was good to her."
She was washing the dishes one
morning when the children came rush
ing in.
"Oh, Liza, come and look. Here's an
awful nice buggy stopped at our gate
and a lady's getting out."
"Is it my poor woman?"
"No; a lady; she's got lovely clothes."
Liza hurried to a front window. "Oh,
it is, it is," she cried. "It's her face;
she's got' her money and new clothes."
The figure coming up the yard, ele
gant in sealskin and silk, bore little
outward resemblance to the shabby
one last seen running to catch the
train. This apparition silenced even
Mrs. Hawkins' long tongue.
"My sakes alive!" she ejaculated
when she opened the door.
"Yes, it's me; didn't expect to see
me, did you?"
"Well — no, but come in, ma'am."
Mrs. Bone came in and sat down gin
gerly on a chair.
"Don't look much like I did, do I? I
got my money; thanks to your girl.
Where is the child? I've come to pay
my debts."
Liza came shyly in and found herself
gathered into an embrace.
"You dear child! What should I
have done without you that morning.
Here is your money and something else.
I heard what your mother said to you."
She untied a big bundle and disclosed
folds of soft cashmere and shining rib
bon that fairly dazzled Liza.
"There, don't thank me; it's yours
and you deserve it. How do you like
my things?"
She got up and displayed her fine gar
ments with the pride of possession from
which the newness had not worn off.
"You see, I got my money. We live
on a starve-out mountain ranch and
my old man was off hunting work when
I came away. I can tell you our old
place and the children will shine when
they get the things I've brought home."
Liza wore her pretty dress to the
school exhibition and was happy in the
consciousness that she had done some
thing "which pa would have liked "
THE HOUSE
or wishing
BY LUCILLE HARPENDING,
SAN FRANCISCO.
FLORENCE was a little girl just
six years old. She was a very
pretty child, having large blue
eyes and long golden curls.
Florence had a little stuffed rab
bit, which she dearly loved. It was
pure white and had the prettiest pink
eyes that any one ever saw. Her great
est treasure was this little bunnie, and
she was always wishing that he would
EDITED BY
DAVID
H.
WALKER
talk to her. "But I want him to talk
the way we do, for I cannot understand
his squealing," she would say to her
mother.
One day Florence took her bunnie and
went out into the meadow to play and
pick flowers. She soon grew sleepy and
lying down amidst the flowers she fell
asleep with Bunnie in her arms. When
she awoke It was evening and she
started to go home. But where was
Bunnie? Hi was gone. She searched
all round for him and then throwing
herself down she began to cry as if
her heart would break. "I will go and
find him." she said, and getting up she
started down the meadow away from
home.
Pretty soon Florence came to a forest
and although it was dark she entered it
and bravely trudged on. She kept on
steadily going till at last her little legs
gave out and she dropped to the
ground so tif'ed she could scarcely
move. But thinking of her dear little
Bunnie and crying for his loss she
sobbed herself to sleep. The next day
she was aroused by the singing of the
birds and the rustling of the leaves.
THE MERRY ELVES
AND THE
OLD
CLOCK
BY
CARRIE
BLACKESLEE
HUMPHREYS
THE merry Elves were on mischief bent,
As through the long halls they crept;
This way, and that, their tiny forms went.
Nor wakened the ones that slept.
Margery tucVed in her downy cbt,
Llewellyn sleeping so sound
Of the little Elves' visit knew not,
Nor saw their bright eyes so round.
The old clock struck the hour of twelve,
With his great resounding voice:
Instantly startling' each round-eyed Elf,
"The clock," was the leader's choice.
Some clung to the pendulum swinging,
Some tapped on his old time bell ;
Till the solemn old house was ringing
With the chimes from Elfin dell.
They turned the hands on his solemn face,
And what could the old clock do?
But just to stand it with the best grace,
And wait till the Elves were through.
At last the first streaks of dawn appeared,
And the Elf queen called her band:
For daylight is all the Elf band feared.
And the old clock waved his hand.
Then soon the soft sunlight came streaming
Right into the children's eyes,
And wakened them from their dreaming,
"Get up, it is time to rise."
Never a sound from their dear old clock
Had come to tell them the time;
Vainly they waited his slow tick-tdck,
Their friend had forgot to chime.
"The clock must be growing old," they said,
"To have stopped right in the night."
But neither dreamed, in their downy bed,
That the clock had had a fright.
She could not recollect where she was
till she saw little brown and white rab
bits running to and fro among the trees
and then the memory of it all came
back to her and her eyes filled with
tears. She went over in the direction
of the rabbits hoping to find Bunnie
there, when she came upon a little
house on which was written "The Wish
ing House."
Florence entered, but no one was
there. "Oh! I wish I could find Bunnie
and have him talk our language and be
alive," she said. Every once in awhile
a growling was heard which frightened
her very much. A little door near by
attracted her attention, so she opened
it and found that it led to the wood 3.
She went out and as the evening waa
drawing near she lay down on th 3
grass. When it became quite dark she
felt something soft beside her. She
looked around and there was btmnle
looking up into her face.
"Oh! Bunnie, my precious pet, are
you really here?" she cried, hugging
"Yes, and you see I can speak your
language, dear mistress."
Florence could not say any more, but
kissed him again and again. "Let us
now start for home, Bunnie," she said.
"All right, we'll just go into the 'Wish
ing House' and wish ourselves home,
and I will tell you all that happened to
me," replied Bunnie.
•Oh! All right, we will go, dear Bun
nie," she answered.
"Florence! Florence!" a voice called,
and the next moment she found herself
lying on the grass in the meadow, with
Bunnie by her side and her mother
bending over her. She looked at Bun
nie, but he did not move, only stared
up at her with his glass eyes.
"Why, mamma, I dreamed that Bun
nie got lost and I found him and h<i
could talk our language and move."
"Well, dear, now come home to sup
per and tell us all about your wonder
ful dream."
EDNA'S CHRISTMAS.
BY VILETTA HILLYER.
THii days were going very fast
when Christmas would soon be
here, and most every person was
helping Santa Claus in getting
presents ready. It happened so
one day that Ed. a Smith, a poor little
girl was writing to Santa Claus to
bring her mother, father, sisters and
herself something and also bring
little Anna Wells, who was sick,
something, too. When who should
presently open the door but . .r. Brown,
dressed up as Santa Claus, asking what
she and her family wanted for Christ
mas, and upon receiving an answer of
what they wanted he was about to de
part when Edna asked him to bring
something for Anna Wells.
Well, Christmas came, and there in
their best room was a lovely tree and
something for each one of them, also
for Anna Wells' family and $10 for the
doctor and medicines which they needed
very much.
And it was a merry Christmas to both
families.
Little Johnny had been disobedient
and was told that he must be punished,
but that he might choose between a
whipping and being shut up in a dark
closet. After a moment's thought he
asked, "Mamma, who's going to do the
whipping?" "Why do you ask that?"'
queried his mother. "Because," replied
the youthful diplomat, "if you're going
to do it I'll take a whipping, but if
papa's going to do it I'd rather go in
the closet."
RUTH'S VISIT TO
A WATER QUEEN
BY ISABELLE SWAIN,
LITTLE RUTH was sitting in the
large armchair before the fire.
Her aunt had been reading a
fairy story to her and had just
gone to the kitchen to see about
getting supper ready. Ruth sat there
wondering if there really were fairies
and wishing she could see one.
Just then she heard a voice saying,
"Good evening, little girl." She looked
around and saw a little lady sitting
right in front of the fireplace. She wore
a white dress trimmed with pretty sea
weed, and on her head was a beautiful
crown.
HERE Is an ingenious puzzle originated by I}. W. Thomsen of this city, who
resides at 10 Twelfth street. The trick is to fold a sheet of paper 6x5 inches
in size as to make with only one cut of the scizzors all the geometrical
figures in the above. Mr. Thomsen says that the whole design recalls the
crucifixion of the Savior". The crossrests upon foundation stones; the diagonally
drawn lines at the right and left represent clubs with which the Savior was
beaten; the dice recall the fact that his raiment was disposed of by lot. Who
can solve this puzzle? The size of the paper when correctly folded and ready to
cut is 3Vi inches by % of an inch and there are six folds only.
"Why, you must be a fairy," said
Ruth.
"Yes," answered the little lady, "I
am the Water Fairy Queen. I live at
the bottom of the ocean. Wouldn't you
like to see my palace and the other
fairies?"
Ruth said, "Oh, yes, I would like to
see it very much."
"Well, come along," said the fairy,
and she led the way to the door and
they both started off in the direction of
the beach. When they reached it the
fairy turned around and said to Ruth,
"Follow me." She stepped into the
water and began to go down, Ruth fol
lowing. When they reached the bottom
she suddenly became as small as the
fairy. The fairy told her that it was
natural for all people who went down
there to get small and that they grew
large again when they reached the
top.
Ruth now found herself in a beautiful
little city, with lovely buildings all
made of pearl. At the end of one of the
streets she saw a large building more
beautiful than any of the others. It
was all ornamented with gold, and it
hadhighstepsof pearl. There were also
some fairy men, who seemed to be
guarding it.
"What is that beautiful building?"
said Ruth.
"That is my palace," said the fairy.
"I will take you to see it after we have
seen other parts of the city." So they
walked on down the street, and Ruth
saw many other fairies.
In all the streets, suspended from
spider webs, were lamps which looked
like soap bubbles with lights in them.
Ruth thought it was the most wonder
ful place she had ever been in, and she
told the fairy so.
"Yes," said the fairy, "all of our cities
are beautiful. I will show you some
more some day."
They were now on a street that had
tall houses on both sides. The fairies
were playing gayly everywhere without
a thought of a care. Ruth and the
fairy walked down that street and
turned into another. They walked to
the end of It and stopped in front of the
palace.
"Now we will go in," said the fairy.
Ruth followed her up the stairs, and
they entered a large hall all lit up the
same as the streets, except that the
bubbles were fastened together and
PALOMA, CAL
suspended from the ceiling by tiny gold
chains.
On they went to the other end of the
hall, and the fairy opened a door which
let them into a large room, which the
fairy told Ruth was the throne room.
Ruth followed her in and saw a golden
throne all decorated with seaweed and
lighted up brilliantly. Six fairy ladles
were seated around it.
"These are my daughters, and now
we will go and see my soldiers," said
the queen.
She opened another door which led
into a garden, where there were fruits
and flowers of all kinds. Over on one
side of the garden there were about
fifty soldiers. They looked so much
like tin soldiers that Ruth thought that
perhaps they were. But just then the
queen told them to march and they all
commenced to march around the
garden.
Ruth was getting tired and hungry
from her long journey, and when the
soldiers stopped marching she said to
the queen, "I think I had better go
home now, if you will show me the
way."
"Go home!" said the fairy, "Indeed
you can't! I brought you here to stay."'
Ruth was frightened and, seeing the
door open, she ran through it, down the
long hall, and out into the street. When
the fairy saw her running she called to
the tin soldiers to go after her, and they
all ran through the hall, making a ter
rible noise.
Ruth looked back and saw them com
ing and she commenced to run faster,
not knowing where she was going. Just
as she was turning into another street
the soldiers caught up with her and
took her back to the palace. "When
they reached it the" put her into a room
and shut and locked the door. She be
gan to push hard on the door and the
room began to shake, and one of the
bubble lamps fell down and smashed to
pieces.
It did not make any noise when it fell
and Ruth continued to push the door.
Then another bubble that was right
over the door fell down and smashed
on her head. The light that was in it
began to burn her hair. When she saw
it she stopped/pushing the door and be
gan rubbing her hair to put the fire out.
She got the fire out so quickly that it
did not do much damage to her hair.
She looked around to see if there were
any more lamps that could fall. Then
down fell the door with a crash.
She was free now 'to try to find the
way home. The tin soldiers, admiring
her bravery, escorted her through a
long corridor. Suddenly she found her
self home" again. She rubbed her eyes
and stared about her in wonder. ' Gone
were the fairies, the tin soldiers and
the city under the sea. She has never
seen them since. . ' '/^
. — » ■ ' ..
A little girl, while praying, remembered
her soldier brother and wound up this
way: "And dear Lord, I pray that Axel
don't get shot; but if he's got to get shot
let him get shot in the leg. Amen." ■
3132
WONDERFUL
THINGS
DONE BY THE DEAF
AND DUMB AND
BLIND.
Continued from Page Seventeen.
the lesson went on, until the boy could
build a broom.
To such a child this instruction and
the knowledge it imparted was all that !
a university education is to a lad with
all his senses. He became a most ex- !
pert workman, and. when he had so I
progressed as to receive wages, he was
not long in grasping the idea of what
they meant, that it was something
given for his labor and exchangeable
for what he wanted.
Now, witness the high principle in
that apparently hapless, hopeless, help
less child! He was miserly in saving
his money. In handling him Mr. t San
ders had learned, by a manual code, to
communicate with him, to exchange
thoughts — in fine, the blind could talk
to the blind and deaf and mute.
The boy one day told his teacher that
he wanted to buy a broom machine. It
was bought with his carefully hoarded
money, and he set it up at home,
bought corn, made brooms and sold
them and contributed to the support of
his mother and himself! Only a few
centuries ago if a blind man had done
this for a deaf and dumb and blind boy
he would have been either saluted as a
saint, inspired to work miracles by the j
powers of light, or :acrificed as a wiz
ard in league with the powers of dark
ness.
It was a work worthy to rank with
the training of Laura Bridgman by
Dr. Howe, and taken with his capacity
for all the duties of his position, placed
Mr. Sanders in the same rank as Fas
set, the blind Postmaster General of
Great Britain, and Herreshoff, the
s-ightleps architect of the cup-defend
ing yacht.
He had taken from the -widow her
burden and changed it into her sup
port.
The strong and great, the conquerors
who have ridden in triumph, and the
winners of the glory of this world, fin
ally go the mortal way that must be
taken by the small and weak, and if
there be somewhere an accounting and
some time a day of reckoning, who has
been so proud and hi~h in this brief
span, which lv the common 1-t, that he
would not then glad./ exchange all his
glory for this one deed of a patient
blind man. recorded in that state hoped
for, in which Bartimeus walks without
» puide nnd the lame and halt put off
their weakness and stand upright!
CHINESE SHOES.
They Are Classed as Leather Goods
and Pay a Light Duty.
I'nited States District Judge Hawlry
rendered an opinion yesterday against ex-
Customs Collector Wise in the matter of
the duty to be paid on a consignment of
Chinese shoes shipped to Cb.ee Chong &
Co. of this city.
Mr. "Wise had decided that the shoes
should be classed as cotton goods, and
that duty should be paid thereon at the
rate of 50 per cent ad valorem, the rate
on leather shoes being 25 per cent. The
Importers appealed to the I'nited States
General Board of Appraisers at New
York and they decided that "the chief
component of value" in the shoes was
leather, and that (hey were dutiable as
leather shoes at 25 per cent ad valorem.
The case was again appealed to the
United States District Court, and Judge
Hawley upheld the decision of the United
States Board of General Appraisers.
l>anced for "Little Jim."
About fifty pretty children, members of
Miss Gamble's juvenile dancing class,
gave a matinee yesterday afternoon in
Golden Gate Hall for th« benefit of the
"Little Jim" fund. Miss Rice's orchestra
gratuitously furnished the music. The
children gave a beautiful exhibition of
fancy dancing, and the audience mani
fested hearty approval of their efforts.
Crazy About His Mouey.
J. E. Legard, a mining man from Butte
County, called at the County Jail on
Broadway yesterday and complained that
men were pursuing him to get his money.
He was sent to the Insane ward in the
Receiving Hospital. He had two bank
books in his pockets, showing that he had
$4000 on deposit in the German Savings
Bank. He had been living in the Montana
House.
SERVICES TO BE HELD THIS DAY AT THE CITY CHURCHES.
■. E. A.
Eddy street, near
Morn ing- "Why Are There So Few Con-
versions?" Evening— "The Boy Becoming
a Man," with prelude on "President Mc-
Kinley."
Emmanuel Baptist. Bartlett street, near
Twenty-third— Rev. J. G. Gibson.
Morning— "Have Faith In God."
— "Those Strange Events."
Evening
St. Agnes Church, Masonic avenue, betw
Page and Oak streets— Rev. William
Klrby.
mass and sermon,
and benediction.
Even-
St. Charles Borromeo, Eighteenth and Shot-
well streets — Father P. J. Cummins.
Mnming— High mass and sermon by one
of the priests of the community. Evening
— Sermon and vespers.
St. Brendan's Fremont
streets— Father Nugent.
and
Harrison
Morning— High mass and sermon,
ing — Vespers.
Even-
St. Bri(rid'p. Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way—Father Cottle.
Morning— Sermon on the Gospel. Evening
— Sermon, vespers and benediction.
Church of Corpus Christl, Alemany and
Croke streets — Salesian Fathers.
Morning — High mass and sermon by Father
C'asslnl. Evening — I o'clock, vespers, ser-
mon and benediction.
St. Charles. Twenty-fourth
streets — Father Cummings.
Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
ing—Vespers and sermon.
St. Dominic's. Bush and Stelner streets —
Rev. Plus Murphy.
Morning— High mass and sermon at 11
■o'clock. Evening— "The Regenerate Man."
St. Francis, Vallejo sti-eot and Montgom-
ery avenue — Father Carraher.
Morning— The members of St. Vincent de
1'aul Society will receive communion at 8
o'clock. 2:30 p. m.— Meeting of the same
society. Evening— Vespers, benediction and
sermon.
All Hallows. Sixteenth
—Rev. D. O' Sullivan.
tfornlng— Sermon by the pastor on the pres-
ent season of advent. Evening— Vespers.
t. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and
stneet — Jesuit Fathers.
VIorning— Sermon at high mass by the Rev.
Father Sardl. Evening— "Anglican Orders
Tested: the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass a
Test of Anglican Orders."
St. James. Twenty-third and
streets— Father P. R. Lynch.
Guerrero
Morning— High mass and sermon by one of
the priests of the parish. Evening — Ves-
pers, benediction and a sermon.
St. Joseph's, Tenth street, near
Father P. Scanlan.
Morning — Administering of first communion
at the 8 o'clock mans. 4 p. m. — Confirma-
tion exercises under the direction of the
Archbishop.
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street — Rev. J. J. Prendergast
V. G.
Morning— Sermon by Father Prendergast.
Evening— Sermon at vespers by Rev. C. A.
Hamm.
St. Mary's Church. California and Dupont
streets— Paullst Fathers.
Morning— Sermon by Rev. A. Russell
Nevlns. Evening— Sermon by one of the
priests of the community.
St. Patrick's. Mission street, near
Father Gray.
Morning— High mass and a sermon on the
Gospel. Evening — Vespers, benediction
and sermon.
St. Paul's. Twenty-ninth
streets— Father Connolly.
and
Church
Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
! Ing— Sermon and vespers.
Sts. Peter and Paul, Filbert and Dupont
streets— Salesian Fathers.
Morning — High mass and sermon on the
subject of "Advent." Evening— Sermon in
Italian by one of the priests of the com-
munity.
St. Peter's. Alabama street, near Twenty-
fourth— Father P. S. Casey.
Morning — Sermon on the Gospel. Evening-
Vespers, benediction and sermon.
St. Rose's. Brannan street, near
Father Nugent.
mass and sermon. Evening
Star of the Sea, Seventh avenue and
Lobos avenue— Father Coyle.
Morning— Sermon and high mass at 10:30
o'clock. Evening — Sermon by the pastor.
St Teresa's, Tennessee and Butte
Rev. P. C. O'Connell.
Morning — High mass and sermon. Evening
— Vespers, benediction and sermon.
Our Lady of Victories. Bush street,
Stockton— Marist Fathers.
Morning — High mass and sermon by one of
the priests of the community. Evening-
Vespers and sermon.
First Christian, Mission and Twelfth
—Rev. F. S. Ford.
Morning — Sermon on the "Christian Home"
by the rector. Evening— "The New Cove-
nant."
West Side Christian, Bush street,' between
Scott and Devisadero— Rev. W. A. Gard-
ner I
Morning— "Man the Image of God." Even-
ing—Sermon by Professor A. M. Elston.
J!etht»nv Congregational, Bartlett street,
near Twenty-fifth— Rev. W. C. Pond.
Morning — Divine service* at 11 o'clock.
Evening— Praise service at which several
prominent singers will assist.
Richmond Congregational. Seventh ave
zzi C'.w-cr.t •treet—Rev. P. Coombe.
Morning— "Methods to Which Men Are In-
fluenced to Remember Their Own Faults."
Evening— "The Power and Responsibility
of the Police Department for Civic Regen-
eration."
HALE BROS.
store news:
. Santa Claus receives little children from 9 to 11 in
, ■ the morning, and from 7 to : 9 in the evening :._:
that's candy ,- time. He asks every child to write
him a letter/care of Hale's, and be sure and write your
name and address plainly. We are making the day.
longer by adding evening hours until 10 o'clock. '
Ladies' parlor and nurse for babies.
Dark room to try night effect on silks.
Art work in silk or linen made to order.
Initials worked at moderate cost for Xmas. . "-.
No charge for packing ; goods sent anywhere. ' '
Telephone, telegraph and mail orders solicited.
With our new wagons and more of them, Hale's
shall give prompt, careful delivery.'
Write Hale's, Frisco's great mail order house.
The Rescue of Santa
1 3
Dewey and his Yankees had a scrap The trick was told to Dewey,
You know, last May ; And Georgie told his men.
They licked the swarthy Spaniards That story made our sailors mad,
Living round. Manila Bay ; And they resolved right then
He didn't do a thing to them " ; To drub the Spaniards good and hard
But shoot them off creation, For the trick they had devised ;
Secured the Philippines for us So Dewey sailed his fleet right in
And spanked the Spanish nation. And the Spaniards were surprised. ..
■ . '■"' ' ' ' v ' '" ' ': N ■■
2 A-
A funny thing that happened there You know how bad he licked 'em, ,
Has not been told before. And how he sunk each ship.
Twas the greatest thing that Dewey did, Three hundred Spaniards fed the fish
It made the Spaniards sore From Dewey's morning trip.
Spain had formed a combination to But now Hale's want to tell you
Capture all of Santa's toys, Just why they laid the plan
And make a prisoner of him To capture poor old Santa
To please the Spanish boys. .With a Spanish bogie man.
moderate priced holiday gifts==buy early!
for ladies : ds .
celluloid glove box 25c
celluloid handkerchief box 25c
celluloid photo basket ; 50c
sterling silver novelties :
embroidery scissors 75c
nail scissors 75c
knives with 2 blades 60c
knives with 4 blades *1 00
handsome cuticle knife 50c
sterling silver button hook 70c
nail file. 70c; shoe horn 75c
corn knife (fine finish) 70c
necktie fasteners 35c
6' 2 inch silver handle curling iron 60c
34 inch manicure scissors 75c
silver back shell comb 75c
silver back SVi inch hair brush, ail white
bristles »3 50
silver back,. 6>£ inch, handsomely chased
hand mirror $3 50
genuine alligator card case and pocketbook,
silver corners f- 50
tokens of love from
elegant dress suits:
new covert cloths for tailor costumes, 60
inches wide, all wool, swell color- <JJ PZ
ings ::...;... vo
black english serges, extra heavy quality. 50
inches wide, bright silky finish, CIA S\fi
for winter wear «J>H/«CFVF
black english crepons. bright lustrous • mohair
figures in heavy raised effects, CIA P\fi
44 Inches wide, very swell. «J»IvJ«CFVF
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1898.
HALE BROS.
silverware : ' : * t °&i .*'
Windsor or shell ■ pattern set of six tea-
spoons , « 00
set of six tablespoons -. $2 00
set of six table f0rk5........ 12 00
rich sugar shells so c
pet of six orange 5p00n5.......;. .....11 75
elegant butter knives : $2 25
Portland berry spoons in satin lined case..sl 50
table cutlery : R,ssvr«'R ,s$v r «'
set of 6 table knive9.'.ii..-.....;. % .:i;r:?.*J.1'.::5l 73
12 dwt plain or satin dessert knives, same
price.
set of 6 ivory handle steel blade knives.... s4 00
solid steel carving set, plain or satin finish ' " 5!
12 dwt ."......... :...-......■ '13 25
six Rogers' silver oyster forks in satin -
lined case ....'......■... $1 90
six silver black coffee spoons In ' case!.!!!. 31 45
six Rogers' savoy sliver teaspoons in satin "' r
lined case ..:..:.. ....'....... $175
six Rogers' silver plate fruit knives'
. case — ••• ...... .......;..:.. T -.-..;;...5i.65
presents for mother or sister:
fancy plaid velveteen shirt waist, latest cut,
pleated sleeves, good muslin body lined, C/ST
blouse effect, standing collar, 34 to 40 OO
black kersey jacket, lay-down collar, double-
breasted box front, silk serge, lined, pleated
sleeves, strap seams, tailor fin- 4CfT-/\/\
ished. 32 to 42 $O«UU
flowing flounce changeable silk petti- fIJCT
coats, latest cut, full width «J>O
send w-5 • ' ;! V ''• ... . .m* + < t thousands
£37 Frisco's great mail-order house! £HF-"
. i 937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street.
Bethlehem Congregational, Vermont street
near Twenty-fourth— Rev. W. H. Tubb.
lf orator— "For the People Had a Mind to
Work." Evening— "So Teach Us to Num-
ber Our Days That We May Apply Our
Hearts Unto Wisdom."
'. H. T.' Shepard.
"The President's Message." Even-
hristmas Forethoughts."
'gatlonal, Post
'. G. C. Adams.
and Mason
Morning — Divine services and sermon at
o'clock. Evening— "The Man Born Blir
Reasonable Faith."
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street, near
Mission— Rev. William Rader.
Morning — "The
Evening— "Ch
and Amusements."
Plymouth Congregational, Post street, near
Webster— Rev. F. B. Cherlngton.
Morning— "The Holy Spirit."
"Power of a Positive Belief."
Evening —
Church of the Advent, Eleventh street, near
Market— Rev. J. A. Emery.
Morning — Sermon. Evening— Song service.
Grace Episcopal. California and Stockton!
streets— Rev. R. C. Foute.
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock.
St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue and Clay
street— Rev. W. H. Moreland.
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock.
Sermon by the rector.
Evening —
St. Cornelius Chapel, Presidio Reservation 1
—Rev. D. O. Kelley.
Morning— Special service for the soldiers. <
Evening— Sermon and instruction. <
St John the Evangelist, Fifteenth street,
near Valencia— Rev. E. B. Spaldlng.
Morning — Divine service and sermon at 11. <
E ven I ng— Sermon .
St. Mary the Virgin, Union and
streets— Rev. H. Parrish.
Morning— Mass and holy communion at 7:30 <
o'clock; high mass and. sermon- at 11. s
Evening— Evensong and sermon at 8. <
St. Peter's Episcopal, Stockton and i
(streets— Rev. M. D. Wilson.
— — — . — — — <
Morning — 7:30, holy communion: 9:4.">. Sun- <
day school ; 11, morning prayer with ser- <
mon by the . rector. Evening — Evening <
prayer with sermon by the ' Rev. W. H. <
Moreland, Bishop-elect of Sacramento. • <
St. Paul's Episcopal, California street.
Fillmore— Rev. W. Maxwell Rellly.
lorning — Communion at 7:30 o'clock, .follow- <
ed by litany service and sermon by the <
rector. Evening— Song service and ser- <
mon. - - 4
Trinity Episcopal, Bush and Gough
—Rev. H. C. Cooke.
communion at .11' o'clock. <
non and instruction. • . <
St. Stephen's Church, Fulton street,
Webster— Rev. E. J. Lion.
jMornlng— Holy communion at 7' o'clock: <
morning prayer at 11. Evening— Prayer at <
7:45 o'clock; sermons at both services' will <
be delivered by one of the members of <■
the clergy. • • • <
St. Stephen's Mission, • 1712 Hayes
Clergy of St. Stephen's Church.
Morning— Sunday school at 9;30 o'clock. <
Evening— Prayer at 8 o'clock, followed by <
sermon. <
St. James' Episcopal Mission,
District.
Morning— Prayeratll'o-'clock anda sermon <
i by clergy of '• St.. Stephen's Church.. Even- <
i ing — Prayer and sermon at 8 o'clock. <
German Evangelical Emmanuel Church,
Twelfth and Stevenson streets— Rev. F.
W. Fischer.
Morning — Holy communion and sermon by <
the Rev. George Glunz. Evening — Sermon <
by the Rev. Mr. Glunz. <
i Lutheran, Geary street,
r . E. Nelander.
; Morning — "Dlluvlan Lessons." Evening — <
I "The Alpha and the Omega." <.
Central Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion street, between Fifth and Sixth-
Rev. C. E. Locke.
Morning— "Are Afflictions a Blessing?" <
Evening— "Shrined in Poetry-" <
' <
Fifteenth Avenue M. E. Church, F
avenue south and P street— Rev.
Crabb.
Grace Methodist Episcopal, '
and Capp streets— Rev. J. N.
Morning — Sermon > by the I rector. . Evening — <
1 ' Sermon ' and ; religious , instruction. -j - ■-. ■ ''■fi <|
v A
Morning— Sermon by 'the ' rector. 7 Evening— v <.
■ Same. ;"".:;';- ".. , i ., ■'•'•,'» ' : ; --t<tt^
■ Morning— Divine :.' services jC at - 11 i o'clock. ! r <•
\>. Evening — Sermon by.; the rector. , •., '■_.-;. .:.... 4
Potrero M. E. Church, Tennessee and
no streets— S. M. Woodward.
Richmond Methodist, Fourth avenue
Clement street — Rev. George Baugh.
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock; Sunday <.
school at 12:30. -Evening— Divine Bervlce <S
at 7:30 o'clock. 2
Centenary M. E. Church* Bush street, be-
tween Gough and Octavla— Rev. C. R.
Rlddlck.
Epworth M. E. Church, Church and Twen-
ty-sixth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening— 1
Same.
;• <•
Morning— Sermon by the rector at 11 o'clock. <!
Evening— Sermon, followed-.. by prayer ser- <.
vice.
Simpson Memorial M. E. Church. Hay<
and Buchanan streets— Rev. J. Stephens.
by the rector. Evening— <.
St. John' a PneabyteHittu California, and
tavia streets.
st Presl
ue and I
er.zle.
byterlan Church, Van Ness
Sacramento street— Rev. R. 1
ave-
Mac-
Morning— Sermon by Rev. K. Brown.. Even- <s
ing— Meeting of the Christian Endeavorers <.
at 6:30 o'clock. >
Morning— Services at II o'clock, followed by <!
sermon by, the rector. Evening— Sermon «
[ and lnstructloa 4
- ■■-:
HALE BROS.
SX\ d wxji yes atoay candy
Ht'PnimPPV etc.— Hudnut's
PCI lUiriCl y, New York.
Hudnutlne tooth wash..... :.'.;..' 75c
Extreme violet water ,:. : 50c
■ Hudnut ■ almond meal ...............: 50c
. Hudnut's quadruple strength sachets,
, wood violet or heliotrope 25c
Hudnut's . celebrated New York : twen-
tieth century perfumes, each in a
gold decorated carton $100
1 oz bottle wood vi01et ............ ."."". .... 50c
elegant atomizers ...'... 50c
photo medallions :
on glass in gilt frames, ' v San Fran- "
1 cisco -views ....'. ..*2sc
. Pysche, 8x10; .. ......:.......•. 2.'c
Madonna, 10x12 .......; .v 500
; St. Cella, lU 2 xl4?i \ ..$1 00
colored, fancy ...........jl 25
calendars—lB99 :
Words of Hope 10c
Grace. Divine ......: - 15c
Ring Out the Old ■ .'. 25c
Sweet Violets ;.. ....25c
Sweet Memories 50c
gOl¥ CapeS-lateet:
for ladles. In gray and black mixture,
double .faced, plaid lined, hood faced with
plaid, Uiree straps across front, -7 C 1 A
inches long, sizes 34 to 40 *P IXJ
new handkerchiefs:
300 boxes ladles' embroidered, scalloped,
hemstitched and lace-edge swiss hand- <JT 1
kerchiefs, half dozen in fancy box «I> 1
HALE BROS.
board cover books :
Chatterbox, 1898 70c
Chatterbox, 1897 50c
Oliver Optic, IS9B 50c
Yassar Girl Series 45c
Knockabout Series 45c
Natural Hißtory Series 45c
Cinderella Series 10c
One Syllable Series 18c
paper books— colored.
Household Toy Books 10c
Mother Hubbard Series : 5c
Home Primer or Kris Krlngle 10c
Mother Goose (plain) or Red Riding Hood
or Puss in Boots 10c
velocipedes :
the strong extension seat— firm as a rock
— safe machines:
16-inch _„ $1 20
20-lnch $1 45
24-inch $1 65
26-inch jl 95
all over our stores!
ribbon sale fe!-g£..
15,000 yards of our best quality all silk
moire and plain taffeta and double-face
satin ribbons:
moire and p ain tat'f .- tns:
No. 7. 8 l-3c; No. 9, 10c; No. 12. 12Hc;
No. 16, 15c; No. 22. 16 2-3 c; No. 40, 19c;
No. 60, 20c; No. 80, 25c yard.
double face :
No. 6, 10c; No. 9. 16c: No. 16. 20c; No. 22,
25c; No. 40, 30c; No. 80, 40c yard.
(send orders In at once for these.)
First United Presbyterian,
avenue and Polk street.
Golden
Morning— Divine service at 11 o'clock. Even-
ing—Sermon and the recital of prayer.
Lebanon Presbyterian Church, Sanchez
Twenty-third streets— Rev. R. W. ]
nolds.
Morning— Sermon by Professor Thomas F.
Day. D.D., of San Anselmo Seminary.
Evening— Same.
Trinity Presbyterian, Twenty-third
Capp streets— Rev. A. N. Carson.
and
Morning— Sermon by the Rev. R. Coyle,
D.D. Evening— Sermon by the rector on
"Steadfastness in the Christian Life."
Howard Presbyterian, Oak and
streets— Rev. F. R. Farrand.
—Sermon by the rector.
Memorial l*resbyterian. Eighteenth street
and Railroad avenue— Rev. H. N. Bevler.
Morning— "Heart Purity."
Good Ground."
Evening— "The
Stewart Memorial U. P. Church. Guerrero
street, near Twenty-third— Rev. W. E. j
Dugan. \
'Morning— "Can God Only See the Sinner As
i Pure Through the Blood of Christ?"
i Evening— "Christ With the Wild Beasts."
Westminster Presbyterian, Page and Web-
ster streets— Rev. S. S. Cryor.
Morning— Sermon by Harry Hillard of
Berkeley. Evening — Sermon by the rector
on "A Great Bankruptcy."
First Unitarian, Geary and Franklin
—Rev. Dr. Stebbins.
Morning— Sunday school at 10 o'clock;
morning service at 11. Evening— There in
1 no evening service.
Second Unitarian, Twentieth and
streets— Rev. A. J. Wells.
'Morning — "The Shadow on the Face of the
: • Churches," by the rector. Evening —
] "The Scope and Meaning of Revelation."
First Church of Christ, Scientist. 223 Sut-
tor street— The Bible and Science and
Health, With Key to the Scriptures.
Morning— "Sacrament." Evening — "King
Jeholaklm's Rejection of God's Message.
St. Alban's Episcopal Mission— William
Badger, superintendent.
i Morning— Services at 11 o'clock, followed by
j Sunday school.
Gospel Hall, 3036 Sixteenth street— Donald
Ross.
Afternoon — "Regeneration."
"The Gospel."
Evening —
Y. M. C. A. Auditorium, ' Mason and Ellis
streets.
p. m. — Concert for the benefit of R. Powell
Evans.
i Meeting,
: street.
Union
Square
Morning— A Bible discourse at 11 o'clock by
R. C. Blngley on "What Is Life?"
DIVORCEE MARRIES
THE CO-RESPONDENT
A QUIET CEBEMONY AT RENO ON
WEDNESDAY.
Mrs. Lena W. Burnett, ex- Wife of th«
Druggist, and Dr. Franklin T.
Brown Join Hearts
and Hands.
Aimost interesting sequel to a recent
social sensation is the marriage of Mrs.
Lena W. Burnett and Dr. Franklin T.
"Duncan of .this" city. The ceremony oc
curred last Wednesday morning at Reno,
Nev. • -
"Reno has become the haven of refuge
-of all California's fair divorcees, anxious
once again to sail the sea of matrimony
ere more than a year has. passed. Thus
it was that Mrs. Burnett and her brave
doctor slipped forth from the city by the
Golden Gate and hied themselves to Ne
vada to kneel before the altar and whis
per vows that bound the twain as one.
None save the most intimate friends of
the couple knew their destination, much
less their object, when last Tuesday even
ing Dr. Duncan and Mrs. Burnett boarded
the 6 o'clock- train from this city. The
next morning at 8 o'clock they' reached
Reno,, the bride-again-to-be going to the
home of friends there, while the expectant
swain procured the necessary license and
made all arrangements necessary for such
a momentous occasion.
At 11 o'clock the ceremony was per
formed at the little Methodist'Episcopal
church of the village. Rev. G. H. Jones
officiated, and upon the certificate of mar
riage appear the names of Miss Lucile
Mcßride and Miss Josie Vick.
Immediately after the ceremony Mr.
HALE BROS.
we wish it!
come and see our big toy bazaar ;■ tell mother, '
..father, sister, brother, cousin, aunt, just how Hale's
is ; if you are a director in any charitable institu- T
tion, manager of any club, pastor of any church,
superintendent of any school, buyer -oL holiday',
gifts ; for children, write us, or, better still, come -
and see how big Hale's is and how moderate our .
prices are for Cash.
Hale's isn't a fancy priced store. We cater to
those to whom Lincoln lovingly referred when he
said, "God must have loved them, for He made so -
•many of them." At Xmas time Hale's is more
than ever the people's store.
Our glove orders are an easy way of sending an
acceptable gift.
by Admiral Dewey.
The King of Spain is a little boy Of course, they never captured him,
Who believes in old Kris Kringle. They never got a chance,
He listens every Xmas eve For the Yankees kept them busy
To hear his sleigh bells jingle ; To the tune of Dewey's dance.
So he' called his men together But if we hadn't fought that day '
And issued some new laws And licked them as we did,
In which it was stated • They would have captured Santa Claus
. The soldiers must capture Santa Claus. And now would have him hid.
6 a
The King would keep him all the year So give three. cheers for Dewey, •"■■
Under a massive lock and key, . And three for Dewey's fleet. " :,.-
So that he would be on hand He saved poor Santa from their hands,
To fix a Christmas tree. ' And so it's Santa's treat. ' ;
No matter what the -time of year. = He'll visit you next Xmas eve
Poor Santa must obey — '* And bring a sack of things,
Be ready with a Christmas tree So thank those brave old Yankee boys
At any time of day. For the joy that Santa brings.
- " ■ . " ■" ■ ■ * ■-■"•■ *•■..■.'■
dolls.
\* vf llOi
i with 'fine kid bodies, hip joints riveted, bisque
j head, closing eyeß, sewed wig, shoes and stock-
ings. •
15 inches : $1
15-inch, 75c; 12-inch.. 35c
Kesner kid . body - dolls, bisque head, < closing
eyes, sewed wig, shoes and stockings.
23-inch, *2; 21-inch :..sl'sO
17-inch, Jl; 16-inch .......;:.. 75c
I 14-inch, 50c; 11%-lnch 25c
• ' dressed jointed doll, . bisque head, moving
eyes, curly hair, shoes and stockings, celebrated
gainsborough hat. .
16 inches •• • ••••* 1 %>
f Al , c thousands to
LUy O. select from.
18-inch stained willow body doll buggy ..25c
39-inch painted shoo-fly horse..... .......73c
double blackboard desk, ash, polished *1
willow swing..... ....50c
I 20x16 wall blackboard' 25c
blankets and comforters £ ££? *
30 pairs white wool blankets, sizes 72x80 Inches,
small percentage cotton, silk bound with
red, pink and blue borders, # 50
pair ..... '.. .'.'.... 7.'...:.' ••• _ ,
50 pairs natural gray all wool biankets.jacquard
borders in pink, tan. brown, blue and «CC|
white, 72x80 Inches, pair V?*s
120 silkollne comforters fpr cribs, size (i("lr»
36x48, white cotton filled, each.......... vvv
(strong attraction for out-of-town folks.)
and Mrs. Duncan repaired to the depot,
and by 1 o'clock Thursday were once
again In San Francisco.
Mrs. Burnett was the wife of George
W. Burnett, the druggist, wealthy him
self and whose father's property is valued
approximately at $1,000,000. Last Septem
ber he brought suit for divorce from his
wife, naming Dr. Duncan as a co-respond
ent. Mrs. Burnett chose not to fl.ght the
6Ult.
BOTH HELD FOR MUBDEP
Preliminary Examinations of Albert
Bierwirth and Mrs. Dora Fuhrig
Concluded.
Albert Bierwirth, proprietor of the
Globe lodging house, 821 Howard street,
was yesterday, held to answer before the
Superior Court by Judge Co'nlan on a
charge of murder. His attorney, J. N. E.
Wilson, asked that the defendant be re
leased on bonds, but the Judge refused.
Henry Hogan, ex-District Attorney of
Kapa County, appeared as special prose
cutor. Bierwirth is accused of the mur
der of Arthur Brown of 2517 McAllister
street by hitting him on the nead with a
club in his lodging house on November 20.
Mrs. Ddra Fuhrig was yesterday held
to answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Mogan on a charge of murder. She
is accused of causing the death of Mrs.
Nina Eggertsen on August 14 last. There
are other similar charges against her yet
to be disposed of.
Sn-o-pH Ynr a Bicyclist.
Henry Meyer, a merchant at 84 Ninth
street, was arrested yesterday afternoon
on a charge of battery. The complaining
witness was John Fleischner, an old man
living at 1105 PowelL street. He was cross- .
ing Market street, between Sixth and Sev
enth, and got in front of a McAllis
ter-street car on its way to the terry.
Meyer was riding his bicycle, and seeing
the old man'i danger, ran Into him and,
BROS. j
for boys :
| lead soldiers 25c to $2 50
swords 25c to 50c
guns 25c to Jl 00
soldier sets 25c to Jl 50
drums 22c to $3 50
pianos ..25c to $5 50
tubephones 25c to jl 50
violins We and $1
! magic lanterns 50c to J7 50
| steam engines 50c and Jl
! steamboats .". "c and Jl,
; Iron hook and ladders '..25c to J2 00
j iron fire engines 25c to J2 00
I iron trains 25c to J3 50
i wood man o' wars 250 to Jl 00
! wood r. r. trains 25c to Jl 00
tops 5c to 25c
masnet toys 5c to 25c
wheelbarrows 10c to 80c
I ten pins 25c to Jl 00
garden tools .' 10c to Ssc
j ash writing desks Jl to J4 00
| pleased to answer any questions from par-
I ents on any Xmas gifts.
fancy and art articles : .. A ..
satin bureau sets of Hand embroidered cushion
and 2 bottles trimmed with lace fi» A fSf\
and ribbon, 5et.......... «p^»uU
satin sets" of 1 cushion 12x12 and 1 cushion 2'-ix7
and 2 bottles hand embroidered, C*7 £?V"k
trimmed with lace and ribbon, set €J> C •Ovf
ladies' full fronts with stock collars in
silk liberty and chiffon ; $125 to $5 00
lace jabot, with stock c011ar..... 98c
ostrich . feather boas and collarettes, 18-inch
»3 to $9; 36-inch, {8 to $15.
knocked him off the truck. Fleisehner had
one of his fingers skinned and insisted
on Meyer being arrested. Passengers on
the car called at the prison and stated
that x Meyer saved the old man's life.
Meyer was released on ball.
W THE CREDIT HO USE"
Six Stork* High
'<*. "'■ ?:
Mahogany finished cor-
ner chair, spring seat cov-
ered with fancy velours,
in a variety of patterns
and colors. Wide, roomy
seat $5.25
A sideboard suggests itself for Christ-
mas. They are room and step-savers
all the year round. Some exquisite
designs at $35, but plainer ones rang-
ing all the way down to one in solid
oak for 57.50
Sixty-seven people came in last week
for one of tfcose couches at $3.50.
That explains how some of our ad-
vertised articles are all sold out within
a week. We have some of the couch-
es yet though! While they last S3 JO
An onyx table would be acceptable
in any home. Square top of selected
onyx, burnished brass legs 52.25
This is a great place for parlor tables
-rest assured we have what you want
CARPET DEPARTMENT
Visit the rug room. There's some-
thing to see and enjoy, even if you
don't buy.
Smyrna rugs, 36x72 inches, in warm
colors and an immense variety of
patterns $j^ 5
Free delivery, Oakland, Alameda. Berkeley
M. FRIEDMAN d CO.,
233 to 2 37 Post St., S. F.
Open ereoings Near Stockton