VOLUME LXXXIV.— NO 100.
SPANISH GENERALS
ARRAIGNED DURING
DEBATE IN CORTES
Weyler TalKs in the Senate and
Gets a Decidedly UnpleasaQt
Setback^.
Count d'Almenas Declares the Sashes of Son)e
Generals Should Be Torn Off and Put
Around Their NecKs.
I am not afraid of epaulets or of the decorations that
will have to be torn off the breasts of several officers.
The sashes of some generals should be torn off and put
around their necks. — Count D y tAlmtnas to Gftitral T^tvera in the Spanish
Senat*.
MADRID, Sept. 7.— The Chamber has
followed the Senate in discussing the
late war behind closed doors. This
action has caused the greatest sensa
tion. Immediately after the meeting
Senor Salmeron, the Republican leader.
moved that an investigation be made
into the responsibility of Senor Sa
gasta's Government in connection with
the declaration of war, the. negotia
tions for peace and the violation of the
constitution by the suspension of the
guarantees.
The Premier, Senor Sagasta, quickly
asked that the deliberations be con
ducted behind closed doors, and the
President pronounced favorably on
the request. Thereupon the Republi
cans and Conservatives vehemently
protested, and amid an indescribable
confusion the doorkeepers cleared the
grwleries of spectators, the Deputies in
the meantime shouting uproariously.
The Senate session was also a stormy
one. Generals Weyler, Dominguez,
Azcarraga, Palejo and Rivera attend-
Ing. . •
General Weyler reminded the Senate
of how Count d'Almenas had greeted
the returning soldiers; ignoring the of
ficers. He declared that this was a re
flection upon the officers' efficiency. :
"The mistakes made in Cuba are not
j.'-jj be blamed upon the army," he said,
"at upon the politicians at the head
fPf the Government." The latter, he
*_ .dared, were responsible for not send
ing supplies to the army In Cuba and
MARSHAL PRIMO DE RIVERA.
General Rivera, who brought himself prominently before the public
by declaring "that rag called the American flag shall never float over the
walls of Manila," has the reputation of being as inhuman as a wild
beast. He was the captain general of the Philippines after the recall of
the notorious Polavieja.
Porto Rico, and, indeed, for completely
abandoning them.
"The Ministers of War and Marine
ought to have resigned. Had the arniv
been properly equipped," he continued,
"It would not have failed. It would
have been better for Admiral Cerveras
Bquadron to have remained at the Ca
naries, for no practical end was served
by sending the ships to Santiago."
"What measures did the Government
take to protect the squadron?" JSer.
eral Weyler asked, hotly. "The re
sponsibilities for the surrender of San
tiago rested wholly upon the Govern
ment instead of General Toral."
General Weyler strongly condemned
the secret sessions of the Cortes and
concluded his speech as follows:
"I desire to speak to all Spain, and
not merely to the Government."
Count d'Almenas, replying to General
Weyler's strictures, said:
"I addressed my gn-<t!ngs to those
tvho have been martyrs for country— to
the Spanish soldiers, because they de
served such greetings. I did not address
the generals, for they 'showed them
selves incapable of leading soldiers to
battle or of showing them how to fall
worthily on the field."
Marshal Primo de Rivera shouted,
"That Is not true," and General Weyler
and others joined in the protest.
Count d'Almenas, addressing General
Rivera, replied: "I am not afraid of
euch cries or of epaulets or of the deco
rations that will have to be torn off the
breasts of . several officers, The sashes
of some generals should be torn off and
put around their necks."
A great uproar ensued.
A resolution signed by all the Re
publican representatives was submit
ted to the Chamber declaring the Gov
ernment responsible, first, for lack of
the necessary energy .in prosecuting the
war: second, for accepting a shameful
peace, and, thirdly, for violating the
constitution.
The moment that the President of the
The San Francisco Call
Chamber ordered the doors closed Senor
Salmeron cried out: "I solemnly prom
ise the country that the Republicans
will publish all the deliberations of the
secret sittings, for we are determined
to violate the secrecy which the Gov
ernment imposes."
During the tumult in the Senate sev
eral Senators were called to order.
Count d'Almenas, speaking again, de
clined, .In spite of .the appeals of his
friends, to withdraw a single word he
had already uttered. He repeated that
the surrender at Santiago was "dis
honorable."
Ultimately the Republican and Car
list Deputies quitted the Chamber as
a protest against the secret .sitting.
Th^y held a meeting later, but failed to
arrive at an arrangement, and the
meeting was adjourned until to-mor
row.
The Chamber, by a vote of 102 to 45,
rosolved to discuss Senor Salmeron's
motion for an investigation Into the re
sponsibility of the Government in con
nection with the war, but in the ab
sence of the Republican and Carlist
Deputies debate was impossible and the
House adjourned.
PROMOTIONS FOR MEN
WHO LED AT SANTIAGO
William Ludlow and S. S. Sumner
Advanced to the Grade of Major
General.
WASHINGTON. S^pt. 7.— The President
has made the following promotions for
distinguished services at Santiago:
To be major generals of volunteers—
Brigadier General William Ludlow and
Brigadier General S. 8. Bumner.
To be brigadier generals— Colonel Rich
ard E. Combs, Fifth Infantry, and Lieu
tenant Colonel Joseph T. Haskell, Seven
teenth Infantry.
UNUSUAL PERCENTAGE
OF OFFICERS KILLED
Evidence of the Valor of the Leaders
of Our Forces in the War
With Spain.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 7.— The official
records of the War Department, as com
pleted, show that there were thirty-three
officers and 231 enlisted men of the army,
264 in all. killed in battle during tho war
with Spain. These casualties include all
the lives lost by the army In the battles
Jn the Philippines, as well as those In
Cuba and Porto Rico.
The percentage of officers killed 1b strik
ingly large, and is said to be unprece
dented In the battles of the world. The
contrast Is especially striking In the case
of the battle of Omdurman, where, al
though the loss of life was heavy, the list
of killed included only one officer of the
British army.
ALL EXHIBITS PLACED.
Golden State's Exposition Now Com-
plete in All Its Details.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 7.— A large crowd
attended the Fair to-night. There were
a number of special attractions, which
were enthusiastically received. To-mor
row night Mrs. Walter Longbottom, who
has been attendng the Boston Conserva
tory of Music, will sing.
September 14 has been designated as
Governor's <lny, and an immense crowd
is expected. Governor Budd and his staff
will be in attendance.
All exhibits have been completed, and
In point of magnificence they compare
favorably with those of last year.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1898.
CANDIA, THE CAPITAL OF CRETE.
Rioting on the Streets of This City Between British Soldiers and Musselmans Was Quelled by
Shells From an English Warship.
ONE HUNDRED BRITISH
SOLDIERS SLAIN IN A
FRESH FIGHT AT CANDIA
LONDON, Sept. 8. — The Athens correspondent of the Daily News, telegraphing yesterday, says:
Keports have reached here of fierce fighting in the streets of Candia to-day and a brisk bombard
ment by the Camperdown. Nearly 100 British soldiers are among tiose already killed or wounded.
LONDON, S.ept. 7.— The correspond
ent of the Stavdard, who is on board
the Camperdown, says: Edhem Pasha,
the Governor, has just arrived (late
Wednesday afternoon) on board the
Camperdown. Captain Hughes-Hallett,
who spoke with him, saw no necessity
for using diplomatic language and told
him plainly in strong terms that as
Governor he would be held responsible
in the event of any further disturb
ances. Edhem Pasha asserted that he
was powerless to control the mob, but
his sincerity seems very doubtful, see
ing that h*» "had over 4000 Turkish troops
under his orders.
A message signaled from the town
reports that the guard of eight British
soldiers who, with about thirty Chris
tians, took refuge in the Greek cathe
dral, is quite safe under the protec
tion of the Turkish troops.
Yesterday the chiefs of the Christian
community offered Colonel Reid their
assistance, but he declined to accept it.
The sea is rough and landing is diffi
cult^ Indeed, it is almost impossible
to get through the harbor, which is
held by the mob. Marines, however,
are being landed in small detachments
and are hastening to reinforce the
British camp. Outside the cordon the
Christians are assembling? in thou
sands. They threaten to rush into the
town and avenge the fate of their co
religionists.
CANEA, Island of Crete, Sept. 7
(afternoon, via Paris). — Numerous in
RUSSIAN CONSPIRATORS
FAIL IN AN ATTEMPT
TO MURDER THE CZAR
Staff Officer and His Wife filled by ao Explosior)
iQtended to Have Eroded the Life of
the Emperor.
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.— A London ca
blegram to the World says: A report
is published here of a plot to assassinate
the Czar of Russian at Moscow last
week. Tbe plan of the conspirators was
to allow gas to escape into a house on
the route of the Czar's procession until
the atmosphere in every room became
saturated. One of the number was to
remain in the house, strike a light
GAMBLING PERMITTED
WHILE THE FAIR LASTS
When the State's Show Closes Mayor
Land of Sacramento Will Order
a Raid.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 7.— Considerable
alarm was felt by gamblers this morning
when they heard that Mayor Land had In
structed Chief of Police Dwyer to close
the various games that have been in op
eration since the opening of the fair. In
many gambling places extra guards were
stationed at the entrances to warn deal
ers of the approach of the police. Rather
than suffer the consequences of being ar
rested the proprietors of several games
packed their •'layouts," preparatory to
leaving the city. To-night, however the
Mayor rescinded his order and the games
are" running wide open.
When asked If he Intended to prohibit
gambling during the fair the Mayor said:
Y'lY 'I am unalterably opposed to 'brace
games,' and as there were a number in
operation since the fair opened I con
cluded to stop everything In the form of
gambling, realizing that many strangers
would be robbed by these sure-thing
games. I notified Chief Dwyer to close
them. As Mayor of this city I feel that
It is my duty to protect persons who visit
us and who financially assist In making
the fair a success. For this reason I con
cluded to call a halt and so Instructed
the Chief of Police."
Chief Dwyer. when spoken to, aald that
he had been ordered by the Mayor to
close all games, and that he intended to
carry out his instructions to the letter.
"There will not be another card turned,"
remarked the head of the Police Depart
ment. "Mayor Land's order is explicit
and I Intend to obey it."
While the Chief was engaged In pick
surgents have attacked the Ottoman
troops at Candia and are forming a
cordon around the city. Edhem Pasha,
the Governor, has urged the admirals
of the international fleet to take im
mediate steps. The fighting continues,
but Candia itself is quiet. The British
naval commander has threatened to
bombard the town if the disturbances
are not kept down.
MALTA, Island of Malta, Sept. 7.—
Half a battalion of the Dorsetshire
Regiment and a detachment of the
medical corps sailed to-night for Crete.
Others will follow.
ATHENS, Sept. 7.— is reported that
the bombardment was renewed at Can
dla and that the port has been serious- 1
ly damaged. The foreign warships
have landed sailors ; there to ■ re-enforce
the British garrison and Jj pumps have
been landed to assist in quenching the
flames.
\>, According to telegrams from Candia
It Is estimated that twenty-two British
were killed and forty-flve wounded yes
terday. 1 ■••■ ■ - ■-; ~ ; r * .• •;
Several Christian families have
Bought refuge on the warships. Many
corpses are lying in the streets of Can
dia. In one case a whole family was
killed. The Italian Consulate is also
reported burned.
A Russian warship left the Piraeus
hurrriedly for Crete to-day, carrying
the Russian Consul, M. Troijanski.
LONDON, Sept. 7.— Sir A. Billoti, the
British Consul at Canea, who went to
when the Czar was passing, In expecta
tion that the house would be blown
to pieces, and the Czar be killed by
flying debris. The conspirator would
perish himself as a sacrifice to the
cause.
This duty fell to the lot of Alexander
Kolanoff. In his agitation Kolanoff
seems to have made an error, as the ex
plosion was mistimed. When it oc
curred a staff officer and his wife were
ing out his best men to raid the various
gambling places he received word from
the Mayor that the latter had rescinded
tho order. Subsequently they had a con
sultation and in deference to tho wishes
of the citizens. Land told the Chief he did
not want the games closed. It is under
stood,, however, that immediately after
the fair closes, all forms of gambling
will be suppressed. Constant bickerings
among the gamblers is responsible for the
attitude of Mayor Land. Several well
known gamblers wanted to "hoer" every
thing in sight and the smaller fry. anx
ious to retaliate, induced the head of the
city governrfient to Issue the order to tho
Chief of Police, instructing him to close
all the games. The Chief said to-night
that he was prepared to close the games
just as soon as the Mayor was ready.
"We have agreed to stop gambling in all
its forms," he remarked, when asked about
LI AGAIN LOSES HIS
THREE-EYED FEATHER
PEKING, Sept. 7.— LI Hung Chang has been dismissed from
power. It Is presumed It was done in accordance with the demand
which, it was rumored, the British Minister here. Sir Claude M. Mc-
Donald, was instructed to make on account of the alleged general
partiality of the great Chinese for Russia, culminating in Great
Britain being deprived of the contract for the Peking-Hankow Rail
road, by the giving to the Russo-Chinese Bank the financial con
trol of the road.
Candia on board the British battleship
Camperdown, cables to the Foreign
Office saying that the rioting at Candia
was caused in the following manner:
A British soldier on guard at the Tax
Office was- suddenly stabbed In the
back, and he dropped his rifle, which
exploded, killing a Mussulman. The
firing then became general and a party
of twenty bluejackets from the British
torpedo gunboat Hazard was almost
annihilated before the sailors could
reach their ship. In addition a detach
ment of forty-five British soldiers went
from their quarters near the telegraph
station and many of them were
wounded.
The total casualties so far as known
are twenty killed and fifty wounded.
The fate of the Christians in other
towns Is uncertain, but it is feared that
only 'those who succeeded in obtaining
refuge in the courthouse have been
saved.
The British vice consul, Mr. Caloche
rino, was burned to death in his house.
CANDIA, Island of Crete, Sept. 7. —
The British battleship Camperdown,
having on board Sir A. Bllloti, the
British Consul at Canea, has arrived
here. Several other warships have also
reached this port, reinforcements of
blue jackets have been landed and an
early restoration of quiet is expected.
The flres have been extinguished
During the rioting the British and Ger
man consulates were burned.
The custom-house, barracks and
courthouse were saved.
driving: past the house. They instead
of the Czar were killed. Their coach
man will probably die of his injuries.
About thirty persons were more or less
seriously injured.
Kolanoff's mangled body was found
among the ruins. The Czar and Czar
ina drove by twenty-five minutes later.
Many arrests have been made in
Moscow, but the Russian press has
been forbidden to refer to the matter.
the meeting between himself and the
Mayor. "As soon as the fair is over I
intend to close every game. Until then
acting under instructions from the Mayor'
I will not attempt to do anything except
see that numerous strangers are not fleec
ed by 'sure-thing' operators."
SUGAR DIVIDENDS DECLARED.
American Refining Company Evi
dently in Most Prosperous
Condition.
NEW YORK. Sept. 7.— The directors of
the American Sugar Refining Company
have declared the regular quarterly
dividends of 3 per cent on the common
stock and 1%, per cent on the preferred
stock, payable October 3.
THE GOVERNOR
WILL DEMAND
THE EVIDENCE
Extradition Proceedings flgainst
Mrs. BotKin Will Be Held
in. This City.
Matters of Fact as Well as of Law Will Be
Cogsidered— Trje Police Are Eogaged
. in a New Search;.
The next important step in the prose
cution of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin will
have a national interest. It will be
the effort of the authorities of this State
and of Delaware to send the woman to
Dover, where her alleged victims died.
In this phase of the case Governor
Budd must deride. He has no- prece-
dent to guide his decision and neces
sarily must act as his own judgment
dictates. The Governor and the Chief
of Police have been in consultation over
the matter and it has been determined
to hold the proceedings looking toward
extradition in this city and not at Sac
ramento-.
The importance of the case and the
tremendous issues involved make it ad
visable to hold the inquiry where the
available witnesses may be easy of ac
cess. From the conferences already
held it is clear that the entire case and
not only its legal aspect will be re
viewed by Governor Budd. Mrs. Bot
kin will be practically on trial before
a tribunal that can neither condemn
nor acquit her. The Governor will in
sist upon knowing the character of the
evidence arrayed against her and also
that which has been gathered in her
defense. Such knowledge will be neces
sary to determine properly the issue of
extradition.
It is argued that if this were not done
a possible if not a probable injustice
would be done to the woman. Her case
has risen to the dignity of national im
portance. As the issue of extradition
is determined for or against her, so it
will be for all others who may be con
ditioned aB she is. The commission of
a murder 3000 miles away, across a con
tinent and a score of great common
wealths was one of the contingencies
not thought of and consequently not
provided for by national legislators.
Governor Budd will settle the question
so far as California is concerned, ani
his decision will act as a precedent for
the chief executives of other States.
When the application of the authori
ties of Delaware for extradition is pre
> sented to Governor Budd it wiil con
tain two assertions that must be dis
cussed and maintained. The extradi
tion papers will declare that a murder
has been committed at Dover by Mrs.
Cordelia Botkin and she is a fugitive
from justice. Both of these points must
be sustained.
It is argued that if no evidence
other than that of the extradition pa
pers were presented Governor Budd
must deliver the accused woman to
the officer from Delaware. The chief
executive under such circumstances
could not go behind the record, which
insists that a crime has been com
mitted by Mrs. Botkin and that she is
a fugitive from, Delaware.
For this reason testimony covering
both issues will be submitted to Gov
ernor Budd. The police have been
busy gathering facts and suspicions to
sustain the charge of murder. This
testimony will be given to Governor
Budd through Assistant District Attor
ney Hosmer, and the defense will be
given an opportunity to combat it
through George A. Knight, Frank Mc-
Gowan and Charles Wheeler. The sec
ond issue, that of flight from Dela
ware, will then be discussed in the first
place as a question of fact and in the
second as a problem of law. The mat
ter of fact whether or not Mrs. Botkin
actually committed the murder in
Delaware and subsequently fled from
that State will be discussed before the
question of jurisdiction is entertained.
The discussion will be extremely in
teresting, for it will be the practical
presentation of the case of facts for
and against Mrs. Botkin and a discus
sion of the great legal issues involved.
The prosecution will insist that Mrs.
Botkin be extradited on the ground
that if she is not there may be a com
plete failure of justice in her case in
this State. The District Attorney will
argue that the Supreme Court of this
State may decide that California has
no jurisdiction in the matter. In the
event of conviction such a decision by
the appellate court would set the ac
cused woman at liberty, even if she
were convicted. She could not then be
tried in Delaware, as the law of every
State and of the United States declares
that no one may be placed twice In
jeopardy of life.
The defense will combat any attempt
to show that Mrs. Botkin was "con
structively present" in Delaware when
the murders were committed. The law
of extradition, the attorneys claim, must
be read literally and if that be the case
it will be an easy matter to "prove that
the woman was in this State and not in
Delaware and consequently could not
have fled from the latter place. Upon
the same ground, it is argued, the prob
lem of extradition will rest, for it is tn-
slsted that the essential features of the
murder were committed here although
the victims of the poisoner's hate died
in Dover.
The proceedings before Governor
Budd will not comi.ence before Mon
day. The Governor would have been
able to receive the application to-day,
but Chief of Police Lees announced
that he would not be ready to present
his side of the case. Governor Budd
will be very busy for the rest of the
week, so the whole matter will be
postponed until Monday. All of the
necessary witnesses, whose testimony
may be required, will be ordered to at
tend. All of the affidavits taken in this
State and In Delaware will be sub
mitted. The dc -nse will introduce
enough testimony to combat, as it be
lieves, the position taken by the detec
tives and the public prosecutors. It is
probable that the hearing will occupy
more than one day.
The police are active in a new search
for evidence. The testimony against
Mrs. -Botkin, although strong in cer
tain circumstantial aspects, is not what
a keen prosecutor might reasonably de
sire. The detectives have striven to
trace everything of evidence to Its
source. They sought to find where,
when and by whom the box of candy
was purchased. They tried to locate
the sale of the handkerchief and the
purchase of the poison. The box, candy,
wrapper and handkerchief have been
identified. There is in the partial Iden
tification of the handwriting on the
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
wrapper and of the note In the box tes
timony of grave suspicion against Mrs.
Botkin. The purchase of arsenic and
the analysis of the State chemist of
Delaware give further facts of circum
stantial importance, and carrying out
their own logical policy of detection the
police have bent every energy to trace
to Mrs. Botkin the only remaining ele
ment of evidence that might point to
ward the woman.
This element of possible evidence is
contained in the stamps that were used
upon the box of candy. One two-cent
stamp and four five-cent stamps were
used and every effort has been made to
trace them to the purchaser. The Post
office in this city has been ransacked
from top to bottom. Hundreds of em
ployes in the general office and in the
sub-stations have been questioned, but
to no purpose. Since the abolition of
stamp agencies it was reasonable to
suppose that the five-cent stamps were
bought at one of the Postoffices. Very
few druggists handle stamps of a large
denomination. There is a sub-Post
office three blocks away from where
Mrs. Botkin lived, but although the
employes have been closely questioned
they cannot say that Mrs. Botkin
bought the stamps. Hundreds of simi
lar ones are purchased every week and
it is utterly impossible for the clerks
to remember the incidents of each sale.
Mrs. Botkin did not appear yesterday
before Police Judge Joachimsen. The
charge of murder against her waa not
heard by request of the defense. The
proceeding was continued for a week.
The Examiner grew hysterical yes
terday morning in an effort to connect
a Mrs. G. Harris as a witness in the
case against Mrs. Botkin. Mrs. Harris
knows nothing of the affair and very
candidly said so. She was a clerk at
the City of Paris, and with scores of
other clerks was questioned by the au
thorities. She knew absolutely noth
ing, and the nolice naturally paid no
further attention to her.
The story of her supposed evidence
was on an equality of nonsense with
that published by the Examiner in ref
erence to Mrs. C. Jacobs, who does not
know Mrs. Botkin and has no desire
to know her. Mrs. Jacobs does not
know Dunning or any one else in the
case. She sells candy and the Exam
iner drew a conclusion natural to itself
that she must be connected with the
Dunning murders.
THE PRELIMINARY
HEARING CONTINUED
The Prosecution Not Yet Ready to
Go on With the Celebrated Case.
Still Taking Affidavits.
The preliminary examination of Mrs.
Cordelia Botkin, on the charge of murder,
has gone over for another week. The caso
came up at 11 o'clock yesterday morning
in Police Judge Joachimsen's court and
at the request of Attorney Madden, who
appeared for the defense, the hearing was
ordered for next Wednesday morning.
None of the attorneys for the defensa
were present, nor was Mrs. Botkin, al
though a large crowd had gathered in the
corridors with the expectation of seeing
her.
It will probably be again necessary to
continue both the habeas corpus proceed
ing, which is calendared for next Tues
day morning-, as it is not expected that
Governor Budd will have rendered his de
cision on the requisition papers by that
time.
The takinsr of affidavits goes rapidly on,
but there yet remains an immense amount
of work for Chief Lees to perform. The
one witness of note who was in consulta
tion with Chief Lees yesterday, was Mrs.
Rauof, who still persists in the same reti
cence as to her knowledge of the case
that has characterized her course from
the beginning. r-
Mrs. Botkin spent the day in chatting
with her sister and her attorneys, who,
from time to time, dropped in to discuss
the case.
Chief Lees said last night that his his
toric black valise was nearly filled and
that to-day or to-morrow would see it
chock-a-block with the testimony of hia
witnesses.
The Chief looks tenderly on that grip
as his most potent mascot. In it he car
ried the evidence that hanged Theodore
Durrant, convicted Hoff and nearly every
other notable criminal that he has suc
cessfully prosecuted. Whether or not it
has lost any of its efficacy will be dem
onstrated at the finish of the present
case.
TWO WOMEN PERISH
IN A PRESCOTT FIRE
Hemmed in by the Fames and Smoke
While Attempting to Save
Furniture.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., Sept. 7.— Fire this
morning at 2:30 o'clock resulted in the
death of two persons and the serious in
jury of three others. The dead are:
Mrs. H. T. Andrews.
Celia Nyren.
The most seriously injured are: Dr. E.
W. Dutcher and James Austin; slightly
injured, Dennis A. Barker and Mr. Hunt.
The fire started in an unknown manner
in the residence of F. S. Davis. The lat
ter was alone in the house, his family
having just left for the East, and he was
engaged till late last night in packing the
furniture preparatory to moving out to
day. He was awaKened by a dog jumping
on him. The room was full of smoke, and
he had a narrow escape from suffocation.
Owing to the scarcity of water. Judge H.
T. Andrews' home adjoining caught fire,
and it was here wniie men were helping
to remove the furniture from this house
that the casualties occurreu. The occu
pants of the house were aroused in ample
time to escape with their lives, but in an
effort to save me furniture the victims
were caged in by a sudden gust of flame
and smoke, Mrs. Andrews and Celia Ny
ren being suffocated and afterward
burned to a crisp.
Dr. Dutcher jumped from the second
story to the hall below, and in addition to
being seriously burned suffered a fracture
of several bones of the foot. His condi
tion is not consftlered dangerous.
The property loss is $5000 or 16000, both
houses being complete losses, while Davis
only saved one chair and his trunk. The
insurance was about $2000.
Drowning at Collinsville.
SUISUN. Cal.. Sept. 7.— At Collinsville
on Wednesday Joseph Christina, a deck
hand. In some unknown manner fell over
board from a vessel and was drowned.2
WARRING
FACTIONS
DO BATTLE
Fatal Fight for Possession
of the Colorado Springs
Opera Ii ous^-
Or)e Killed ar>d Three Wounded
flmoog Silverites During th)e
Driving Out of Tellerites.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Sept.
7.— A pitched battle occurred in this
city at daybreak to-day between the
two warring factions of the Silver Re
publican party of this State, in which
one man was killed and three wounded.
The dead man is Charles S. Harris, an
employe at Denver of the Gulf Rail
road. The wounded were spirited
away by their friends and their iden
tity has not been definitely established.
It is said that a man named Palmer
was shot in the cheek, but not serious
ly injured. Another man had his
hand shot nearly off and another got a
ilesh wound in the arm.
The fight was waged for possession
of the opera-house, in which the Sil
ver Republican State Convention is to
meet to-morrow. An armed guard,
representing the Teller-Blood faction,
was in possession. Ex-State Chair
man Broad, who had been deposed by
National Chairman Towne, sent an
armed force to drive the guard out of
the theat€r. After a scrimmage, in
which many shots were fired, the Tel
lerites fled in dismay. Harris and the
men who were wounded are supposed
to have been members of the attacking
force.
Chairman Blood, A. M. Stevenson and
other leading Silver Republicans open
ly charge Sheriff Boynton of this
county, and Internal Revenue Collector
Frank Howbert of Denver, with lead
ing the attack.
Sheriff Boynton states that he, Mr.
Howbert and Chief of Police Gathright
did not go to the opera-house until the
CHAIRMAN BLOOD'S
BOLD ACCUSATION.
P COLORADO SPRINGS, Sept. 7.— Chairman Blood has Issued the
COLORADO SPRINGS, Sept. 7.— Chairman Blood has Issued the
following statement:
"To the People of Colorado: As chairman of th.c State Central
Committee of the Silver Republican party I desire to make public the
exact condition of affairs resulting in the deplorable occurrence of
this morning. Yesterday evening the county convention of the Sil
ver Republican party of El Paso County was being held in the opera-
house at this place. The convention adjourned about 12 o'clock mid
' night. At that time S. N. Nye, the lessee and manager of the opera
house, turned over the door keys and the possession of the opera
* house, as per contract, to me, as chairman of the Silver Republican
State Central Committee, that we might hold therein the ensuing State
\ Convention called for to-morrow.
"Rumor had reached me that ex-Chairman Broad, I. N. Stevens
and Dewitt C. Webber had arranged for a gang of thugs to come from
. Denver, headed by Duffleld, Arnett, Tom Clark and others who have
done time in the penitentiary for lawless acts, to co-operate with the
Sheriff of this county, W. S. Boynton, and the police force of this
town in obtaining possession from me of the opera-house by force. Be
ing lawfully in possession of the opera-house I determined to retain
the same, and for" that purpose left about a dozen persons in the
house under the leadership of ex-Mayor Plumb and of County Clerk
' Leggett. .At about 1 o'clock this morning I left the opera-house in
V peaceable and quiet possession of these gentlemen and retired to a
"hotel. Shortly before 4 o'clock this morning I was aroused by those
! whom I had left in charge and Informed that the opera-house had just
been taken from them by a body of armed men; that all the entrances
to the house had been attacked simultaneously, accompanied by the
.firing of a large number of shots through the doors, the forcing of the
■ doors and the entrance of the armed men. No word was spoken or
demand made by any one previous to the commencement of the firing
.and assault.
"When the armed force entered the opera-house It was found to
be headed by the Sheriff of this county, W. S. Boynton, and Frank
'■Howbert, the Collector of Internal Revenue, accompanied by mem
■ bers of the police force of this town and a number of other armed
men, some of them dressed in police uniform, and the thugs imported
. from Denver and elsewhere. Upon gaining entrance to the houso no
process, or writ, or warrant of law of any kind was displayed or ex
planation made of this extraordinary unlawful proceeding. At the
same time, by the direction of Sheriff Boynton and Collector Howbert,
four or five of the men In charge of the house were arrested without
any warrant or process of law whatever and thrown into jail. I am
informed that several persons' have been more or less seriously
1 wounded in the attack on the opera-house. I can only regret that in
this absolutely lawless and wholly unjustifiable proceeding the peace
i officers, of this city and county should be found the first to violate
' the law and -cause blood to How in order to consummate an unholy
1 aUiance intended to defeat the sovereign right of the people of this
State to peaceably assemble In convention. . JAMES H. BLOOD.
;'i'. . •" . "Chairman Silver Republican State Central Committee." \
i ®,® ®©®®®®®®® © ® ®j® (?) ®@®®®j®®® G) <*) (* <S\ (^ /Ti r* (s,
battle began and then only to take pos
session of the place. Five men unere
arrested in the opera-house and one, It
Is claimed by the police, had a smok
ing Winchester in his hands. The pris
oners are:
Walter Russell.
J. W. Lupton.
*J. J. Long. .
A. C. Smith.
A. P. Monge.
They are all of Cripple Creek. They
are charged with the murder of Har
ris, and informations were filed in the
District Court against them.
A guard of twenty men under Boyn
ton and Gathright hold the opera-house
and the Teller people are refused ad
mission.
In a published statement Chairman
Blood intimated that I. N. Stevens, vice
chairman of the National Silver party
during the last Presidential campaign,
and others arranged with a gang of
thugs to come from Denver and assist
in capturing the theater. Mr. Stevens
brands this statement as "absolutely
false," and says he knows nothing
whatever about the opera-house affair.
At 1 oclock this morning the Wolcott-
Stevens faction applied to Judge Lunt
for a writ of mandamus, compelling
Chairman Blood, who was then in pos.
session of the opera-house, to turn over
the building to ex-Chairman Broad.
The writ was refused.
"At 4:10 this morning," said ex-Mayor
\
Plumb, "twenty-two of us were inside
the opera-house. Suddenly a fusillade
of shots was fired through both the
front and side doors. Then, in a sec
ond, the doors were burst open, and in
rushed from seventy-five to 100 men.
"There was constant firing in all
parts of the hall, we replying as best
we could. I saw one man fall, shot
through the lungs. They carried him
to the balcony and laid him down. He
died a few minutes afterward. An
other man was injured. We were
forced out of the building. Sheriff
Boynton and Chief of Police Gathright
were in the front ranks."
Sheriff Boynton allowed the men who
participated in the riot to leave the city
early this morning unmolested. After
battering in the doors about seventy
five men rushed into the building,
shooting off revolvers. The ceiling is
full of bullet holes. The attacking
party shot into the air with a hope of
frightening the guards Into submission.
The guards were scattered in groups
about the auditorium, where they could
best command the entrances, and they
returned the fire. Those who partici
pated Intimate that no less than 150
shots were fired in the opera-house
within a few minutes. The smoke was
so dense in a moment that all shots
were at random. The attacking party
finally reached the center of the house
and the guards fled to the street. The
latter had but one round of ammuni
tion. The attackers trebled them in
numbers and had revolvers and plenty
of ammunition.
Ex-Chatrman Broad this afternoon
issued a counterstatement to that of
Chairman Blood. Broad charges that
the riot was caused by incendiary*
speeches of the Teller Republicans at
last night's county convention. He says
.Sianairer Nye violated the lease made
Wm aim as chairman of the State
committee by turning the opera-house
over to Charles S. Sprague, editor of
the Evening Telegraph, and a follower
of Teller. Broad says his lease gave
him the right to put his men In the
opera-house any hour to-day for the
purpose of decorating and preparing
the hall for to-morrow's convention.
It seems to-night that all dangers of
further serious trouble between the two
factions of the Silver Republicans has
been removed. This afternoon members
of the Blood faction made application
before Judge Harris of the District
Court for a writ of mandamus com
pelling Sheriff Boynton to turn over the
opera-house to them. To-night citizens
of Colorado Springs took the matter In
hand and the result was a compromise
by which both Bides relinquish all
claims to the disputed room. By this
agreement Judge Harris issued an or
der to Sheriff Boynton to let neither
faction have possession of the place.
The Broad faction have secured the
Coburn library of Colorado College and
the Blood wing will meet at Durkee
Hall. It Is impossible to learn any
thing about the man alleged to have
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1898.
THE TWO MEN WHOSE POLITICAL ASPIRATIONS LED TO 0 FflTflL RIOT
YESTERDAY AT COLORADO SPRINGS.
been wounded in the opera-house fight
except that John L. Russell of Denver
is not the man.
Late to-night the chances of fusion
do not appear at all bright. The Pnpu
lists hold out for the head of the ticket
to which there is strong opposition
from both the Silver Republicans and
the Democrats.
CHAIRMAN TOWNE'S
ACTION DENOUNCED
PUEBLO, Colo., Sept. 7.— 8. Clark
Wheeler of Aspen, Colo., was nomi
nated for Congress by the Second Dis
trict Silver Republican Congressional
Convention to-day. Resolutions de
nouncing the action of National Chair
man Towne in removing State Chair
man Broad were adopted.
LASSOS AN ENEMY
AND DRAGS HIM ABOUI
Summersville Man Makes Use of His
Lariat to Punish a Neigh
bor's Son.
ANTTOCH, Sept. 7.— A case that smacks
of early day border sensationalism was
enacted in Summorsville this week. There
has been bad blood between the Hanlons
and Watsons of that neighborhood for
years past. Last Sunday, it is said,
young Hanlon was standing in front of
the Postoffice when Watson rode up on
horseback. Hanlon was impertinent to
Watson, when, quick as a flash, Watson
undid a lariat and threw it over Han
lon's head. Tightening the rope quickly
he rode off, dragging- Hanlon behind him.
He had dragged him quite a distance
when a man attempted to interfere. Wat
son whipped out a pistol and fired two
shots at the interloper. One shot grazed
his cheek.
Constable Sweeney arrested Watson,
and he is now in the jail at Antioch
awaiting trial.
CABINET COUNCIL
GRANTS REVISION
So Dreyfus Will Receive
a New Trial.
NECESSARY STEPS ORDERED
MINISTER OF JUSTICE TOLD TO
PROCEED.
An Announcement of the Discovery
of Facts Which Implicate Mem
bers of the General
Staff.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Sept. 7.— The Figaro to-day
says the Cabinet council, just held,
unanimously agreed upon a revision of
the Dreyfus case and directed the Min
ister of Justice, M. Sarrien, to take the
necessary steps to that end.
The Matin announces the discovery
of facts implicating the officers of the
general staff, adding that General Zur
linden. the new Minister for War, re
ported the matter to the Council and
urged the necessity for reforming the
Intelligence Department of the War
Office, whereupon he was directed to
elaborate a project separating the du
ties of the general staff from those of
the Intelligence Department.
The agitation for convoking the
Chamber of Deputies is growing daily.
Already notices of twelve interpella
tions as to the Dreyfus affair have
been given. Three duels are imminent
over the case.
A great sensation has been caused by
the statement by the Matin that facts
have been discovered implicating the
officers of the general staff.
Rumors are in circulation to-night
that Comte Esterhazy has disappeared
and that Lieutenant Paty dv Clam has
been arrested, but they cannot be con
firmed.
INTEKESTS WILL NOT CLASH.
BRISTOL, England, Sept. 7.— At a meet
ing here in honor of the opening: of the
memorial tower on the crest of Brandon
Hill, erected by subscription, to com
memorate the fourth centenary of John
Cabot's discovery of the continent of
America, the Marquis of Dufferin made
a speech extolling the friendship existing
between the two nations, and he then
opened the door with a golden key, which
he afterward handed to the Mayor.
Proceeding to refer to the "vast inter
ests opening in the Far East in which
the United States would be compelled
to take part," the Marquis said: "What
ever solution there may be of these prob
lems, it is pretty certain the interests of
America and Great Britain will not
clash, but rather that both nations will
desire the same ends."
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative . Eromo Qutninu Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure
25c. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet
VETERANS PASS
IN PEACE PARADE
Great Procession of the
Grand Army Men.
BIG CRUSH AT CINCINNATI
AN IMMENSE THEONG CHEEBS
OLD SOLDIERS.
Great Enthusiasm as the Different
Divisions Go by the Review
ing Stand, and Are Duly
Saluted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, Sept. 7.— The National
Encampment of the Grand Army of
the Republic has had its red letter
day. To-day came the Grand Army
parade, to be followed to-morrow by
the Cincinnati industrial parade as a
peace jubilee demonstration.
The attendance in the city to-day
reached fabulous figures, according to
the estimate of two dozen railways that
have been taxed beyond their capacity.
All along the long line of march there
were casks of ice water and lemonade
for the marchers, and in some places
they were served with more substan
tial refreshments. There were seats
for thousands along Washington Park,
on Race street and around the postof
fice and other places, while the house
tops, as well as the windows and every
place for reviewing the parade along
the line of march, was occupied.
The line of march was less than three
miles, with the reviewing stand at
Washington Park, near the end of the
course. With the parade starting
promptly at 10 a, m., the reviewing
stand was reached shortly before noon.
Here Commander-in-Chief Gobin was
surrounded by Vice Commanders Al
fred Lyth and F. B. Allen, Chapiain F.
C. Brunde, Quartermaster General
Charles Burrows, Judge Advocate Gen
eral Eli Torrence, Surgeon General
David Mackay and others of his staff,
Mayor Tafel and other officers of Cin
cinnati, Governors Bushnell of Ohio,
Pingree of Michigan, Atkinson of West
Virginia and other State officers and
their staffs; National Executive Com
mittceman William H. Armstrong, G.
M. Sterrett, Thomas' W. Scott, William
R. Hill, Lyman T. Caldwell, B. R.
Montford, Elwood Craig, Past Com
manders Louis Wagner, R. B. Heath,
John S. Kountie, John H. Rea, William
Wa'rner, John Palmer, A. G. Weisert,
J. O. B. Adams, Thomas G. Lawler, D.
C. Olasser, C. H. Grosvenor; Colonels
J. H. C. Smith, S. D. Kingsley, W. P.
Orr, C. B. Wing, Julius Flelschman,
Charles R. Fisher, H. H. Pettiman, D.
D. Knox, L. M. Anderson, R. C. Mc-
Kinney, Albert Brewer, S. A. Atherton,
George W. Healy and others.
While there were marked demonstra
tions all along the line of march, yet
the stages of the greatest enthusiasm
were witnessed as the different divi
sions passed the reviewing stand and
were saluted by the distinguished gen
tlemen on the platform.
The first thing to mar the proceedings
of the morning was a serious accident
to General Curtis, one of the Police
Commissioners of Buffalo. He was rid
ing with the Police Commissioners of
this city and other cities, who were on
the Ptaff of the chief in charge of the
police that headed the procession. His
horse flipped and fell, and In the fall
the animal crushed General Curtis in
such a way as to injure his spine. It
was at first thought that he would not
recover, but later in the dayrtiis condi
tion was improved. It is believed, how
ever, that General Curtis is crippled for
life.
Previous to the parade there were
many reunions to-day, and some busi
ness sessions, including those of the
ladies of the G. A. R. and the Woman's
Relief Corps.
The National Army Nurses' Associa
tion elected the following officers:
President, Mrs. Ewlng, Virginia; vice
president, Mrs. Chapman, Illinois, ju
nior vice president, Mrs. Fay, New
York; secretary, Miss Kate Scott, Min
nesota; treasurer, Mrs. Whitman, Phil
adelphia; Chaplain, Mrs. Morrill, Mich
igan.
The Ladies' Auxiliary to the National
Association of Naval Veterans to-day
elected the following officers: Captain
commanding, Mrs. Anna R. Sears, Bal
timore; commander, Mrs. Mary Baker,
Boston; lieutenant commander, Mrs.
Lena Raddaty, Lehighton, Pa.; senior
lieutenant commander, Mrs. Carrie B.
Stone, Baltimore; lieutenant, Mrs.
Hajinah V. Greene, Providence, R. I.;
fleet surgeon, Mrs. Margaret Dlckson,
Detroit; fleet chaplain, Mrs. Eliza
Welcher, New Bedford, Mass. Mrs.
Jennie Laird, the retiring captain com
manding, was presented with a rich
joweled pin, an insignia of the office.
The National Association of Naval
Veterans to-day elected the following
officers: Rear admiral, J. F. R. Foss,
Minneapolis; commodore, E. D. Bliss,
Brooklyn; national captain, William
Lareler, Zanesville, O. ; commander,
Benjamin D. Blanchard, New York;
lieutenant commander, James A. Miller,
Athens, O.; lieutenant, William Mcln
tosh, New York; master, Walter E.
Jacobs, New Haven; ensign, James
KJennedy, Portsmouth, Va.; fleet sur
geon, J. L. Cilley, Cincinnati; paymas
ter, E. F. Dustln, Providence, R. I.;
fleet engineer, Ferrier V. Christian,
Chicago; fleet chaplain, Alex. D. Mc-
Williams, Detroit, Mich; judge advo
cate. Judge Fred C. Harvey, Minne
apolis; secretary, Frederick E. Har
kins, Brooklyn; boatswain, Edward
Wiggins, New York.
Rear Admiral Kelly of Philadelphia
was presented with a diamond and gold
badge by the Naval Veterans. The pre
sentation was made by Commander
Archer of Pennsylvania.
EAGER FOR A SIGHT
OF THEIR QUEEN
Fifty Thousand Working People
Gather to Catch a Glimpse of
Wilhelmina.
AMSTERDAM, Sept. 7.— About 50.000
working people, with bared heads, gath
ered on the Damplatz this morning under
a scorching sun, waiting to catch a
glimpse of the young Queen of Holland.
The sovereign, however, sent an aide de
camp to the place with the request that
i the spectators resume their hats. This
thoughtfulness on the part of the Queen
was greatly appreciated by the im
mense crowd and evoked tremendous
cheering from the waiting multitude.
The Queen subsequently listened to
the singing of a grand chorus of 2000
scholars. She appeared nervous and un
strung, and had requested that her sub
jects refrain from cheering. The people
respected the young Queen's wish to the
letter, and when the singing by the schol
ars had ended absolute silence prevailed,
which was more impressive than the
mighty cht-ers which had previously been
given.
In spite of the orders that no members
of the royal families or of the nobility
of any other country than Holland be
admitted to the coronation ceremonies.
Lord Rosebery, who has been on board
Baron de Rothschild's yacht Rena, at
tended incognito.
CANNIBAL KING
FETES SAILORS
Luck of Three Men of
the Wanderer.
STRANDED ON EASTER ISLAND
MADE PRINCES BY A SAVAGE
POTENTATE.
Paint the Ruler's House Red, White
and Yellow and Are Rewarded
With a Banquet in His
Dwelling.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Sept. 7. — Three ship
wrecked sailors were rescued from Eas
ter Island in Polynesia by the schooner
Annie Larsen, which arrived from the
Fiji Islands a few days ago. They were
George O'Donnell, Ed Walsh and James
Whalen, seamen on the bark Wanderer,
which was wrecked near Easter Island
last summer.
The Wanderer sprang a leak going
from Australia to Panama. By vigorous
use of the pumps she was kept afloat
until Easter Island was sighted. While
trying to make shore she ran upon a
reef and was wrecked.
The three sailors swam ashore and
were warmly received by the cannibal
King of Easter Island and the natives.
O'Donnell told Captain White of the
Larsen that the King took the greatest
fancy to him (O'Donnell), apparently,
because he landed nearly naked and
thus most nearly resembled the natives.
O'Donnell was entertained in the
King's own house and all three were
notified that they would be considered
Princes. They were offered wives if
they would stay.
A few days after the shipwreck a
box containing several cans of paint
floated ashore. This enabled O'Don
nell to paint the King's house red,
white and yellow, which, he says,
caused the King to provide an extra
banquet.
Whalen and Walsh made themselves
popular by constructing coffins for sev
eral subjects who died and burying
them as white men do.
When the schooner Larsen hove In
sight they hoisted signals and were
taken aboard the next day. Captain
White left them at Port Townsend.
ISLAND SEALS UNMOLESTED.
Report From an Assistant Agent
Just Back From the North.
BTANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 7.—
John M. Morton, who has been acting as
assistant of Colonel Joseph Murray of
Colorado, United States agent in charge
of fur seal islands, returned to-day. n.e
reports that the pelagic fleet is smaller
that that of last year. It is untrue, he
says, that the fleet has moiested the
islands.
Dr. Jordan to-day finished reading the
proof-sheets of his new book entitled
Foot Notes on Evolution."
ALL VOLUNTEERS CANNOT
NOW BE MUSTERED OUT
The President Notifies Governors That 100,000
Men Will Be Needed in Newly
Acquired Territory.
WASHINGTON, Sept 7.— The following was given out at the
War Department to-day:
"In response to tne request of the Governors of some of the
States for the muster out of their entire volunteer force the Presi
dent replied in substance as follows: 'Answering your telegraphic
request for the muster out of your regiments I have already direct
ed that 100,000 of the volunteers shall be mustered out of the service.
This because in my judgment that number can be spared. About
one hundred thousand will remain as the Government now requires
in Cuba, Porto Rico and the Philippines a larger army than the reg
ular military establishment affords. The muster out. like the muster
in, will be as nearly as possible according to the population of the
several States. The suggestion to muster out all of the volunteers
from your State cannot therefore be entertaine.l. The Secretary of
War has already inquired of the Governors of the several States
what regiments in their judgment can with the least inconvenience
remain in the service. Their advices will, so far as lam concerned,
consistent with the public interest, be complied with.' "
NAVY'S STRENGTH ALSO KEPT UP.
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.— A Washington special to the Herald says:
Until the treaty of peace is signed the Navy Department proposes
to keep up to its present strength the enlisted force of the navy.
There are now 22,000 men in the service. As soon as peace is
signed the number will be reduced to 12,500, the maximum allowed
by law. Secretary Long will probably includn in his fortchoming
annual report a strong paragraph urging favorable action by Con
gress on the naval personnel bill.
NEW LINE TO THE
PACIFIC COAST
Two Projects Under
Way in Utah.
ONLY ONE IS TAKING SHAPE
NEITHEB CONNECTED WITH
THE SAN JOAQUIN.
Secretary Wells of the TJtau and Pa
cific Says His Road Will Be
Pushed Through as
Soon as Possible.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALT LAKE, Sept. 7.— No one here
connected -with the Salt Lake and Los
Angeles Railway will admit that the road
is in combination with the San Joaquin
Valley line with the object of ultimately
building a line from Los Angeles to Salt
Lake City. Affairs of the Salt Lake and
Los Angeles are at a standstill- Active
work ts being pushed, however, on the
Utah and Pacific, which will be built from
Milford, Utah— the present southern ter
minus of the Oregon Short Line— to the
State line of Nevada, tapping a rich min
eral district en route, including well
known and old-time Pioche. Beyond that
line, which has at its back A. W. Mc-
Cune, the Utah millionaire, and the suc
cess of which is assured, tnere will be no
railway building in Utah this year.
It is well understood here that the Salt
Lake and Los Angeles, which merely
connects this city with Saltair, on Salt
Lake, twelve miles in all, is in no condi
tion to extend its line now.
Secretary Wells of the Utah and Pacific
said this evening that this road had no
connection with the San joaquin Valley
or any other road, but that he was conn
dent that Mr. McCune intended to push
the road through to the coast just as
early as possible, but the route from
State line has not vet been decided on.
It is known, however, that surveyors
have been over the ground so often gone
over before, and If any road connects this
city with Los Angeles it will be the Utah
and Pacific.
APIA THE BENNINGTON'S
PROBABLE DESTINATION
Administration Deems It Wise to
Have a Naval Representation
in Samoan Waters.
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
While it cannot be learned at the Navy
Department that any orders have been
given to the gunboat Bennlngton di
recting her to proceed to Samoa, there
is reason to believe that Apia is her
destination.
The death of Malletoa, with the re
sulting danger of a disturbance of
affairs in the Samoan Islands, has Im
pressed upon the administration offi
cials the necessity of having a naval
representative In Samoan waters. Great
Britain and Germany each is repre
sented by men-of-war, and the au
thorities believe, in view of the inten
tion of the President to establish a
coaling station at Pago-Pago, and the
fact that this Government is a party to
the Berlin treaty of 1890, that this coun
try also should have a gunboat in those
waters to protect American interests.
The President is determined that the
successor to Malietoa shall be elected
according to Samoan customs, as is pro
vided for in the Berlin treaty, and has
so notified the Berlin Government.
Great Britain and the United States are
pursuing an identical course regarding
the Samoan Islands, and it is under
stood that Great Britain is averse to a
distribution of the islands, as is desired
by Germany and the United States.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Army Orders Include Changes Among
Volunteer Regiments at the
Presidio.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 7.— The business
of the Seattle. Washington, Postofflce has
grown so much during the past year that
the Postofflce Department has directed
the Postmaster at Seattle to put on three
additional letter carriers, one to be
mounted.
Reports from Constructor Capps at Ma
nila, just received here, state that
aside from the small gunboats which
have been raised and put into the service
of Admiral Dewey, the Spanish shipa of
war engaged in the battle of Manila Bay
are not likely to be raised. The flagship
Olympia and the gunboat Raleigh have
been flocked and cleaned at Hongkong,
and the Boston arrived last Saturday for
the same purpose. Within the course of
a few weeks at the outside Admiral
Dewey's squadron will have been thor
oughly renovated.
Army orders: Private Henry Setbe,
Company B, Sixth California Volunteer
Infantry, supposed to be Jn San Francisco,
is transferred as a private to the Hospi
tal Corps. Privates Henry Seebach
and Ernest Smith of the Hospital Corps
now supposed to be at San Fran
cisco, are detailed as acting hospital
stewards. Private Harry F. Cameron,
Company D, First Washington Volunteer
Infantry, now at the Presidio of San
Francisco, is transferred to the Hospital
Corps as a private. Corporal Thomas;
Geoghegan. Company G. First Washing
ton v olunteer Infantry, now at Angel Ihl
a" d . California, is transferred to the Hos
pital Corps as a private. First Sergeants
Colin H. Ball, Company X, and Edward J.
Hardy, Company M., Twentieth Kansas
Volunteer Infantry, now supposed to be
at the Presidio, San Francisco, will be
discharged from the service of the United
States, to enable them to accept commis
sions. - •
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California— Original: Oscar W. Watts,
Marysville. $6; John Hunter, Chico, $8.
Increase— Stickney, Little River,
$6 to $8. Reissue— William Ashmead, Pico
Heights, $12. A
: ; - ■■ - • .. '
HURLED FROM A PIER
BY A GUST OF WIND
Two New York Laborers Killed and
a Number Seriously
Injured.
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.— The first gust of
wind that preceded a thunderstorm at
3:30 o'clock this afternoon blew down the
heavy iron superstructure of new pier 50,
at the foot of West Twelfth street, killing
two men and seriously injuring ten others.
There were ninety men at work on this
I superstructure on the pier when It fell in
on them. The killed are:
SAMUEL PATTERSON. .
JOHN LEONARD, died on the way.lj
the hospital.
The wounded are: Charles B<i<;;.mS|
Jerry Brown, J. Malone. Oscar OslfHM
George Lilley, John Callans, Mitchell^^T
son, George Conkling, Walter Latham
MiFslng: Gaven Rutherford, Alexander
Ewanson, George Ramsey.
The last named three are carpenters and
were at work on the roof. They are sun
posed to have been blown into the river
and drowned.
\\ ADVERTISEMENTS.
. t£SU*?% There i«
"" \\ > * implanted ;'\in', -
-s _ ;^^^g^---j\3, every f man * a
" csi vX^rv!s^i!^i* stron ff enough
n^—^^i&fe^B to ma k e him
f^\^^^4^^M^lj tremble and
/r^?^iis death when he
** sC\JL/ w^i thoroughly rec- ,
yVTJf <S8? °B niz l s its ap-
£mX^A/W If // trouble with
WL *WjgT lAJ men is that'
JJJ^^J •//•// they do not rec-
■Hß| W/: ognize death
» 7fx^ unless it comes
I _ fr n^ in some violent
■By }~jfZj) SJQ or pid form.
MuiwV jj» Consumption
Js2</V*vtft3f y kills more men
' ryJßgßav^p^ than wars, fam-
( G^SlSSK^±/~P ines, plagues
_^^p^^"*3g»P-^- 7 - and accidents,
' but its approach
is insidious, and men do not realize that
they are in its clutch. While consumption
is a germ disease, the bacilli will not in-
vade sound and healthy lungs. The lungs
must first be in a diseased condition.
First a man feels a little out of sorts.
Probably he is overworked and has given
too little time to eating, sleeping and rest-
ing. His appetite falls off. His digestion
rets out of order and his blood does not
receive the proper amount of life-giving
nutriment. The liver becomes torpid and
the blood is filled with impurities. These
are pumped into every organ of the body,
building up unhealthy, half-dead tissues.
The most harm is done at the weakest spot,
and most frequently that spot is in the
lungs. A slight cold leads to inflamma-
tion, the bacilli invade the lungs and we
have a case of consumption.
Ninety -eight per cent, of all cases of
consumption are cured by Dr. Pierce'a
Golden Medical Discovery. It is the great
blood-maker and flesh-builder. It restores
the lost appetite, makes the digestion per-
fect, invigorates the liver, purifies the
blood, builds new and healthy flesh and
drives out all impurities and disease germs.
It cures weak lungs, spitting of blood, obsti-
nate coughs and kindred ailments. No hon- "
est druggist will recommend a substitute.
• Mrs. Ursula Dunham, of Sistersville, Tyler Co.,
W. Va., writes: " I had a pain in my side all the
time, had but little appetite and grew very thin.
The ■ ' Golden Medical Discovery ' promptly
cured the pain, restored my appetite and in-
creased my weight."
14 and 16
Kearny Street,
Formerly 427 Kearny. ■
Use f^%
Facial ■ Soap &£•/ facial Cream.
The Grandest Toilet Combination ■ known for
the skin, complexion ■ and teeth ■is Woodbury's '
Facial Soap. Facial Cream and Facial and
Tooth Powder. ■ The daily use of these articles
will protect a fair complexion and cure a bad
akin. ..> • : ■ - . - . , ; .' .■■ . . .: • ■ •-,-
IdrmultyT
n^Hlfi WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD I
*• SpecialigteurM Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. Boole on Private Diseases and '•■
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20y'rB' experience
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hound
to 3 daily; 6:3o to B:3o ev'gs. Sundays, JO to 12. Consul- "
tation i re 3 and sacredly confidential. Call , or eaa
I>r. P. JEtOSCOE JIcSrLTY,
86.'-; Kearny »t., San Francisco, Cal.FAST WARSHIPS
OF THE FUTURE
Irving M. Scott Speaks
of Improvements.
NO CONTRACTS IN EUROPE
BUT THE BUILDER OBSERVED
WORK IN THE YARDS.
Many New Appliances and Tremen
dous Activity in Countries
Which Build TheiX
Own Vessels,
Special Dlppatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.— "The war yes-
Bels of the future will be the battle
g. ships, with heavier battery, greater
speed and greater radius of action than
yet attained." This is the opinion of
Irving M. Scott, hca«l of the Union Iron
"Works of San Francisco, which built
the Pacific wonder, the battleship Ore
gon. Mr. Scott returned on the Kaiser
Wilhelm der Orosse from a three
months' business tour In Europe, dur-
ing which he visited the great ship
yards of Great Britain, France, Ger
many and Russia. Mr. Scott intimated
.when he sailed last June that he hoped
'to obtain contracts from European
powers for new warships. He was not
successful.
"Europe will continue to build her
-own war vessels," he said, "with the
exception of the battleship and cruiser
ordered by Russia from the Cramps
, Jast May. Ido not expect to see Amer
lcan-bullt vessels flying foreign Hags.
In European ship yards I found tre-
Inendous activity and noted the con
stant Introduction of new appliances.
Each country naturally desires to
build its own warships.
"The Oregon's splendid performance
created a great sensation in Europe,
l>ut it marks only a step in advance of
the .old conditions. The next series
of vessels will evr^hadow her in every
particular. Personally, I was not sur
prised at the record-breaking trip from
Ban Francisco to the West Indies. She
was built as fine as human skill and
material would permit. It is solely a
question of coal capacity. Europe will
profit by the lessons the Oregon taught,
but will use the facilities of her own
•workshops and yards. Each nation
ins to be putting forth its greatest
A. fforts to enlarge its sea power. Ger
■ many's naval plans show that in 1905
she will have nineteen battleships and
forty-three cruisers. This is an indi
cation t^nly of the general activity."
"What feeling was caused by the
sweeping character of the American
naval victories?"
"Largely disgust at the poor efforts
of the Spaniards," said Mr. Scott. "Eu
ropean naval officers were astonished
fjt the slight damage sustained by our
* lips. There is a marked increase in
•spect for American gunnery."
. Mr. Scott had many opportunities for
learning the views of European diplo
mats on the P-ilippine question.
"Beyond a doubt," he said, "the pow
ers would be more embarrassed if the]
Vnitfd States would let go of the is
lands now than if they held them. Dip
lomats are relieved because we hold
Manila. Unless the United States keeps
the islands under direct control they
believe the interests of all countries
would suffer severely and serious com
plications probably would arise."
CONTRACTS FOR SMALL CRAFT
Union Iron Works Will Probably
Build Three of the Torpedo-
Boat Destroyers.
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.— The Herald's
"Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Contracts for the construction of six
teen torpedo-boat destroyers and
twelve torpedo-boats will be placed by
the Navy Department within another
week. The board on construction of the
Navy Department held a protracted
meeting this afternoon and discussed
the various bids which had been re
ceived. As a result it looks as though
It will recommend that the contracts
for sixteen destroyers be distributed In
about this fashion: Fall River Com
pany, three destroyers, at $280,000 each;
Maryland Steel Company, five destroy
ers, $282,000 each; Neafies & Levy, Phil
adelphia, three destroyers, $283,000 each;
T'nion Iron Works, three destroyers,
$285,000 each; Harlan & Hollings
worth, two destroyers, $291,000 each.
The board has a further examination
to make before finally recommending
that the contracts be given to the
firms named. I was told after the meet-
Ing of the board to-day that the firms
■which stand the best chance of secur
ing torpedo-boat contracts are the Bath
Iron Works, Lewis Nixon, George Law
ler of Boston, Gas Engine and Power
Company of New York and the Colum
fcian Iron Works.
VICTIM OF YON ARNOLD.
X3ity Trustee Robert Kent of Sacra
mento Becomes Insane.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 7.— Robert Kent,
one of the Board of City Trustees, was
taken to a private asylum in Stockton to-
day. pending an examination as to his
Banlty. A snort time ago Kent exhibited
pymptoms of mental decay and his rela-
derided to have him confined in p
asylum, rather than suffer having
Vilm committed to a State Institution.
Kent evidently was aware of their inten
tions, as he hurriedly packed his grip and
went to San Francisco. Coroner George
Clark, who Is an intimate friend of the
unfortunate man, was deputized to make
arrangements for his confinement in a
private asylum. After a search of several
days Clark found Kent, and Induced him
to acompany him -to Stor kton. He was
then taken to the asylum, where he will
be kept until he regains his mental equi
librium.
K<nt is well known here, and his sad
affliction is a severe blow to his friends
and relatives. There are many who be
lieve that his present condition Is due to
a uetermined attempt about two years ago
of an alleged detective named Yon Arnold
to besmirch his character. Yon Arnold is
now serving a term in England for
swindling a widow, who became infatu
ated with him.
SUICIDE ENDS DISSIPATION.
Wayward Daughter of a Respected
San Franciscan Kills Herself.
SEATTLE, Sept. 7. — After a season of
dissipation, Maggie Quirk, the wayward
daughter of a well-to-do San Franciscan,
committed suicide to-night. She swal
lowed five grains of morphine and before
dying explained that H8 was desperate
■ having been forsaken by a man
i-! ■ loved. Maggie Quirk was a Monde, 26
years old and born in San Francisco. Her
father  quite wealthy and lives a retired
life". Her mother is dead. She has a mar
ried sister living in Los Angeles.
Arc Lights for Selma.
FEI,MA. Sf>pt. 7.— The Town Council at
hn special meeting last night voted to light
f the town with arc lights, the proposition
being for an all-night service. Frank
Keller, a Klondike capitalist, and a resi
dent of this place, ha? the machinery for
an extensive electric plant, and Is wiring
the town. It is expected that the plant
:will be In operation hy October L
FUSION QUESTION
MADE THE ISSUE
Democrats of Nevada in
Convention.
UNION OF FORCES OPPOSED
EASTERN FACTION FAVORS AN
INDEPENDENT POLICY.
Declares in Favor of George Russell
of Elko for Governor, and the
Nomination of a Full
state Ticket.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO, Nev., Sept. 7.— The State
Democratic convention was called to
order by Joseph R. Ryan, chairman of
the State Central Committee this after
noon, with about 100 delegates present.
Peter Webber of White Pine County
was chosen temporary chairman and
John Ish of Elko temporary secretary,
with Barney Campbell assistant and E.
B. Cross sergeant at arms. The com
mittee appointments were as follows:
Permanent organization and order of
business— Messrs. Russell of Elko,
Holmes of Storey, .u.Kes of Churchill.
Dunton of Lincoln and Wagner ot
Ormsby.
Credentials— Ryan of Storey, Dooley of
Lincoln, Lynch of Wathoe, Grimes of
Churchill, 'Triplett of Elko, Angel of
Lvon and Hendrick of Ormsby.
Platform and resolutions— Dennis of
Washoe, Parsons of Elko, Belknap of
Storey, Newhausen of Ormsby, Reipe of
■White Pine silver of Churchill and War
ren of Humboldt.
The convention adjourned until to
morrow morning at 10 o'clock. •
The question of the hour seems to be
whether to fuse or not to fuse. Many
In the west favor fusion, while those
in the eastern part of the State are in
favor of going it alone, with George
Russell of Elko for Governor and a full
State ticket.
TRIO OF CONVENTIONS
MEET AT ELLENSBURG
Fusion of Silverites Likely to Be Ac
complished Easily in Wash
ington State.
ELT.EXSBURG, Sept. ".—The Populist.
Democratic and Silver Republican con
ventions met here to-day to form a fu
i ston and nominate a joint ticket, con
sisting of two Congressmen and two Su
• preme Judges. The results of to-day's
•session were the forming of a permanent
organization by each convention and the
j appointment of conference committees to
' perfect fusion.
The undercurents of the conventions ln
'■ dlcate that fusion will be easily accom
\ pli.shed. It is pretty generally conceded
! that the Populists will secure both Su
; preme Judges, and that Congressman
Lewis and Congresman Jones will be re- ;
, nominated.
The Populist convention has among its
I delegates one woman, Mrs.- Peter of '
Clallam County, who was seated on her i
husband's proxy.
The only conclusion reached by the
Joint conference committee was that the
ticket be known as the People's party and
that Democrats and Silver Republicans
each have a Congressman.
NOMINEES OF IOWA'S
FUSION CONVENTION
Claud Porter Named for Secretary of
State and Nels Anderson for
Treasurer.
MARSHALLTOWN, lowa, Sept. 7.—
The fusion convention of the Democrats,
Populists and Silver Republicans of lowa
was held here to-day. The attendance was
small. The following ticket was nomi
nated:
Secretary of State— Claude Porter, Ap
panoore County.
Treasurer— Nels Anderson, Dcs Moines
County.
Attorney General— J. M. Parsons of
Lyon.
Supreme Judge— W. A. Shurrier of
Auditor— E. H. Gillett of Polk.
Railway Commissioner (long term)— A,
Hanson of O'Brien; short term, W. E.
Wills of Clinton.
Clerk of Supreme Court— Dr. E. R. Per
kins of Polk.
Reporter of Supreme Court— W. A. Fer
ren of Taylor.
The platform reaffirms the Chicago plat
form and reasserts the party's allegiance
to free silver coinage at 16 to 1; indorses
W. J. Bryan for leader in 1900: upholds
the commencement of the war with
Spain, but scores Secretary Alger and the
national administration for the conduct of
hospitals and camps; declares against a
large standing army and in favor of the
building of the Nicaragua canal without
the assistance of any other nation; favors
an amendment to the constitution com
pelling the reference of certain questions
to a vote of the people; opposes the ac
quisition of territory further than neces
sary for coaling stations, and favors an
income tax. On the question of territorial
expansion the sentiment of the aelegates
was almost equally divided.
VERMONT'S ELECTION.
Democrats Show Some Gains in the
Off Year.
WHITE RIVER JUNCTION, Vt., Sept.
7.— The result of yesterday's election in
Vermont shows many surprises, the Re
publican vote having fallen off quite ma
terially from four years ago, whereas the
party managers expected It would equal
If not exceed the vote of 1894. The Demo
crats have not only made a gain for
Governor, but have elected thirty-three
Representatives in 179 towns heard from,
while only eleven wero seated the last off
year.
Although the question of high license
has been the principal lssle, the Prohibi
tion vote shows a falling off of over 40
per cent. One Prohibitionist has been
elected to the House of Representatives.
Returns from 172 cities and towns give
the following vote for Governor: Smith
(R.), 30,038; Moloney (D.), 12,386; Wyman
(Pro.), 712. The same towns In 1894 gave
! Woodbury (R.>, 33,293; Smith (D.), 11,615;
others 1035.
Congressmen Grout and Powers are re
elected by substantial majorities. The
Republicans have elected their candidates
for Senators in every county.
Bounty on Squirrel Tails.
SALINAS. Sept. 7.— The Board of Su
pervisors this afternoon, in response to a
petition by citizens for the relief of the
destitute of the southern portion of Mon
terey County, passed an ordinance to pay
a bounty of 3 cents each on squirrels' tutls
for all squirrels killed within the county,
the ordinance to go into effect on Sep
tember 25. This will aid the sufferers
and exterminate the pest in that portion
of the county. After the board has
agreed on the tax levy further relief by
means of county road work will be given
TWO MEN WEARY OF LIFE.
One Hangs Himself and the Othe
Takes the Revolver Route.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 7.— Alfred Johan
sen, a sheepherder 60 years of age, hanged
himself to a girder of the Buena Vista
street bridge last night.
Just outside the grounds at the Soldiers'
Home at Santa Monica this morning the
body of a musician In the home Dand
named Tanney was found. He had shot
himself in the head. He was 23 years
old and was sick and despondent.
Trial of Clarkson.
The taking of testimony in the trial of
William Clarkeon, charged with stealing
gold bullion from the Mint In this city,
THE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1898.
BRIGADIER GENERAL SIR H. H. KITCHENER, WHO HAS JUST ADMINISTERED A
CRUSHING DEFEAT TO THE DERVISHES AND CAPTURED KHARTOUM.
(From His latest Photograph.)
was concluded yesterday afternoon and
argument begun. A new witness ap
peared in the person of Herman Wellor,
clerk for Martin Eggers, who corrobo
rated the tfstimony of Eggers to the fact
that Clarkson had called at Eggers' store
on the 22d of last February. The argu
ment will be resumed this morning and
the case will then go to the jury.
SHE CONTESTED TOO LATE.
Ati Important Decision Rendered in
the Matter of Captain
Wilson's Estate.
Judge Troutt rendered an important de
cision yesterday in the matter of the pro
bating of the will of the late Captain
John C. Wilson, who died on February
24, 1897, leaving an estate of considerable
value. The following month, his will, dis
tributing the estate to his wife, Mrs.
Agnes Wilson, and his son, John C. Wil
son Jr., was admitted to probate. Twelve
days later a woman claiming to be tho
widow of the decedent appeared on tho
scene and laid claims to the estate. She
was known as Mrs. Clara Brady or Gor
don, a resident of Oakland. She claimed
that she had three children, two of whom
were living, by Wilson; that he had pub
licly recognized her as his wife and had
in addition promised to leave her a share
of his fortune. A proposition was made
to young Wilson and his mother to com
promise the case, but they rejected the
offer. They refused to recognize the al
leged widow and announced their deter
mination to fight the case to the bitter
end. It was suggested that a scandal
would follow, but that did not alter their
determination. They paid that they would
not under any circumstances listen to any
terms of compromise. The matter then
dropped and the alleged widow waa not
heard from until March of the present
year. She then petitioned that the order
admitting the will be revoked and that
she be given an opportunity to present her
case in court. Young Wilson and his
mother immediately Interposed a de
murrer to the proceedings and Judge
Troutt decided yesterday in their favor.
The records of the court showed that tho
motion to set aside the probating of the
will had not been filed within the statu
tory time — one year— and that the contest
must necessarily fall to the ground. In
deciding the case Judge Troutt said that
the alleged widow could not plead Igno
rance of the facts for failure to commence
proceedings within the statutory time, as
her efforts to have the matter compro
mised proved that she was cognizant of
the legal steps being taken by young
Wilson and his mother to have the estate
distributed to them.
A Perjurer Caught.
United States Commissioner Heacock
announced yesterday that he would rec
ommend the deportation of Geen Mon Let,
a Chinese boy, who claims admission on
the ground that he Is a native-born Amer
ican. He introduced a Chinese witness,
claiming to be his cousin, whoso evidence
was so inconsistent that the cousin was
ordered into arrest by the court and de
livered to the United States Marshal. He
will be tried for willfully and knowingly
aiding and abetting the landing of a Chi
nese not entitled to land.
A Junk Capsized.
A Chinese Junk was capsized off Hunt
ers Point yesterday afternoon while the
crew of four men were taking In their
shrimp nets. A number of Italians were
casting their nets in the vicinity, and
went to the rescue just in time to save
the lives of the endangered Mongols. The
Junk was towed to the shrimp drying
grounds near the point, but not before
half a ton of small fish and shrimp had
been lost. This is the only instance of
the capsizing of a Chinese junk in the
memory of the Italians.
One Year for Ross.
Edwin C. Ross, the young mulatto, in
dicted for embezzling a letter from the
Sacramepto Postofflce, pleaded guilty to
the charge yesterday morning in the
United States District Court. He was sen
tenced by Judge de Haven to be imprison
ed in the Folsom Penitentiary for one
year with hard labor.
Salvationist Harvest Festival.
The officers of the Salvation Army have
issued the programme for their harvest
festival, the proceeds of which will bo
used for the good of the army in its la
bors among the needy and suffering. The
gathering will extend over three days,
commencing on the 17th lnst.
Circuit Court of Appeals.
The TTnited States Circuit Court of Ap
peals will hold a week's session in Seat
tle beginning September 12. Judge Haw
ley of Nevada will sit on the Circuit
Court bench in this city during the ab
eence of Judge Morrow.
PINGREE HISSED
OFF THE STAGE
Uproar at the Grand
Army Campfire.
ALL DUE TO A MISTAKE
VETERANS THOUGHT HE WAG
ATTACKING ALGER.
Did Not Permit Him to Finish a
Sentence Which Ended in a
Laudation of the Sec
retary of War,
6peclal Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, Sept. 7.— During the
Grand Army of the Republic campfire
at Music Hall to-night Governor Pin
gree was hissed and hooted off the
stage because of his criticism of the
conduct of the war. He cited several
cases of abuse and suffering due to the
delay of red tape and became very ve
hement in denunciation of formalities
at the sacrifice of comfort, health and
human life. After citing a particular
case of bad management in the distri
bution of disinfectants Governor Pin
gree said:
"If Secretary Alger— "
But Governor Pingree never finished
that sentence. A voice in the audience
cried:
"Hurrah for Alger."
The cry was taken up in a boisterous
chorus. The Governor attempted re
peatedly to be heard, but the audience
refused to listen to another word. The
three words, "If Secretary Alger," had
left a wrong impression. The audience
interpreted these three words to be the
beginning of a strain of censure and
criticism and absolutely refused to let
the speaker proceed.
Chairman Melish made repeated at
tempts to quell the disturbance, but
those who started the racket persisted
in keeping it up. The Governor then
retired. Governor Pingree was reading
his speech from manuscript and had
proceeded but a short way with the
document when he was cut off by the
noisy and uncontrollable interruption.
After the Governor had left and quiet
had been restored, Chairman Melish
finished the sentence which the audi
ence had refused to permit the Govern
or to read. It was:
Queen of the Tennis Courts.
CHICAGO, Sept. 7.— The women's ten
nis tournament terminated to-day with
the game for the Western championship
between Mlfs Louise Pond, the champion,
and Miss Juliette Atkinson, the winner
of the tournament proper. Miss Atkinson
won the contest, G—l,G — I, 6—3,6 — 3, 7—5.7 — 5. She is
now champion of the West.
"If Secretary Alger had been given
full such power such things would
never have happened."
The transformation of the audience
was then humiliatingly complete to all
who were present. Then hisses of de
rision were turned into cheers and re-«
peatcd calls for Governor Pingree, but
he had left the hall and refused to re
turn.
Chairman Melish, in a very appropri
ate speech expressed his regrets for
the misunderstanding and proceeded
with the programme.
After this treatment of Governor
Pingree the succeding speeches had v
most attentive audience.
Governor Bushnell of Ohio was tht
next speaker, and he stepped forward
waving a little flag and eulogizing
President McKlnley and his Cabinet
and the successful management of the
war in the highest terms. His remarks
brought forth frequent applause.
Commander in Chief Gobin made a
very eloquent address on the purposes
of the Grand Army, and as he was
about to leave the platform was pre
sented with an elegant gold watch and
chain by his comrades of the old Forty-
Fifth Pennsylvania Regiment of Vol
unteers. The other addresses were by
General H. S. Hurst of Chillicothe and
Hon. Frank C. Bruner, chaplain in
chief of the Grand Army of the Re
public.
PASSING OF THE POPULISTS.
Arkansas Election Shows the Party
Almost Extinct in That State.
LITTLE ROCK. Sept. 7.— Unofficial re
turns show that the Populist party has
become almost extinct In Arkansas. It
appears that they have lost Nevada,
White, Cleveland and Polk counties, here
toiore considered their strongholds, and
have elected but one member of the Leg
islature, that member being elected in
Cleburn County. About 100,000 votes were
cast in the State, of which the Republicans
polled about 35.000 and the Populist and
Prohibitionists perhaps 15.000.
Governor Jones ran far behind the
Democratic ticket.
FLEEING BEFORE THE TROOPS
Peruvian Marauders Priven Back by
Government Forces.
Special cable to The Pall and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9S, by Jo/nes Gor
don Bennett.
LIMA, Peru, Sept. 7.— News from nil
parts of the country indicates that bands
of marauders, incited by Cacerises and
other agitators, are fleeing before the
Government forces sent to intercept them
The agitation has already caused much
harm to business interests of the republic.
Sale of Gravel Deposits.
REFDING, Sept. 7.— The sale of the
Bloss & McClary gravel deposits at Trin
ity Center to a company composed of lo
cal people, headed by Luke and Thomas
McDonald of San Francisco, is an
nounced. The consideration Is between
$20,000 and $40,000. The auriferous depos
its cover an area of 1000 acres. Contracts
have been let to cut 400.000 feet of lumber
to be used in building a four-foot flume
to obtain a perennial water supply. A
large number of men will be employed
on the property.
CATARRH
CURE!
Pr^ XT' p Every man and ev-
1 1 V i— Lmm cry woman who reads
■-"•rfc _, r^ this is entitled to
r* rvC-Cl a/> d oan 9*9 * a toe
trial treatment of
PQPP "OZO" Catarrh
\^ I\LLEi Treatment If you
live in the city, call
FREE f ° r th ° " 0Z0 " ; if
* IVLiL< you live away from
wrm |-| w-x ■-« the city, write for
rKllt "OZO." A fair and
, free trial is offered
FR FF i 0 JOU Do yoti
I l\'"l— § JLm wish it
HUDYAN
Is a remedio-treatment for
Nerves. It cures Nervous De-
bility, Nervous Loss of Force, \
Nerveless Energy. HUDYAN
cures man. Write to or call
for circulars.
Hudson Meal listle,
Ellis. Stockton and Market Sts.
■. .• : '-,--• • . . . ■ ■ • ■ ■ ■■.■-■■--..-■.•■■■ ■■. • - ■ : 1" '<
IN PURSUIT OF
THE KHALIFA
Arabs on Camels Chase
Abdullah.
DROPS SOME OF HIS WIVES
FUGITIVE'S HABEJI SCATTEBED
DURING HIS FLIGHT.
General Kitchener Reports That
Nearly 11,000 Bodies of Der
vishes Have Been
Found.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Sept. 7.— The British War
Office has received a dispatch from
General Sir Herbert Kitchener, com
mander of the Anglo-Egyptian forces,
dated Omdurman on Monday last, say
ing that over 500 Arabs, mounted on
camels, were dispatched after the fu
gitive Khalifa Abdullah that morning.
The general added that the Dervish
leader was reported to be moving with
such speed that some of his wives had
been dropped along the road followed
by him.
The Sirdar also says: "Officers have
been counting the Dervish bodies on
the field and report the total number
of dead found as about 10,800. From the
number of wounded who have crawled
to the river and town it is estimated
that 16,000 were wounded. Besides the
above between 300 and 400 Dervishes
AD V EB, JISEMENTS.
"^^^^i ■ ■- ■ . ■■ — „.,_ _ . _^_ ■ ■ ..- j—^ — ,■ — "r_- - — ■; '■* . y
Just a few words I
~^^^^^^&, about tailor-made I
Wr) e arments for the I
Wm I I \ l!St a " season — as I
tt 7 IK V j what we do and ?
2 V*% We make a specialty of business suits O
o I^^ <9 \ V at prices from $10.00 to $20.00. These o
o ■■•■■' ====^ Jn^ ' suits cannot be duplicated elsewhere for ♦
♦ . //V . less than $15.00 and $30.00. ♦
♦ '. jm >^, We make handsome dress suits for °
J L=— ia^^f f $15.00 to $25.00 that are equal in o
o i I / every way, and in some cases superior, %
q I I. /to those that others make and charge ?
♦ 111 $20.00 to 35 00 for.. o
♦ 111 c h ave '^ ne best cutters obtainable o
I II and show the best and newest woolens. ♦
o .1 I / We can fit perfectly and suit %xactly the f
4 11/ most fastidious. We guarantee this by °
2 11/ being.ready at any time to refund money o
o . 11/ upon the slightest dissatisfaction. £
9 '\ I / TROUSERS to order All our suits made ?
° \ I / $300 tojm Will trom al| -wool mate- ?
♦ \ I / $ ♦ U .i 2 *• • ' Wl l l r' a ' and fitted per- . 2
2 \ I / -z cost twice as much fectl We C J %
▼ \ B I pKpwnprp i .' / ♦
° V il j / larger stock than ♦
% VilP*^>ar 'all 'other tailoring establishments in this £
♦ ■■ Vql ■ city and can offer you a larger selec- ♦
> « • tion than you can find elsewhere. 4
° Send to us for samples of new style woolens. Free on application. ?
o , . " ■- ■■ --■:. -.; , -|
! S.N. WOOD & CO. !
0 718 Market St., S. F. ?
A well-known lawyer of high standing and reputation, .
practicing in New York City, states in a very emphatic way |
"There is no doubt whatever that
RIPANS TABILES
ire a good thing. Any on« troubled, as I was for years, with
dyspepsia and sour stomach, will find almost instant relief in
nine cases out of ten. I have recommended the Tabules
dozens of times, and the result has been uniformly beneficial
and satisfactory."
were killed in Omdurman when the
town was taken.
"I have as prisoners between 3000 and
4000 fighting men."
CANADIAN PACIFIC YIELDS.
\.cknowledgedges the Interstate
Commerce Commission's Fairness.
MONTREAL, Sept. 7.— The . Canadian
Pacilic Railway has replied to the recent
decision of the Interstate Commerce
Commission, In a letter addressed by T.
G. Shaughnessy, vice president, to the
executive officers of the competing and
eonecting lines. In this letter Mr.
Shaughnessy, after commenting on the
marked spirit of fairness with which the
commission handled the matter, in view
of the fact that the Canadian Pacific waa
a "foreign corporation," concludes:
"However, in this case, as in all previ
ous cases involving United States traffic,
the company accepts without question
and will be governed by the decision of
the commission, taking care, of course,
that its rates will he on the basis of those
that prevail' with other routes, and tar
iffs covering traffic affected by the deci
sion to take effect on the 25th Instant, re
storing ante-bellum rates as far aa prac
ticable in existing conditions, will be filed
by this company in accordance with the
interstate commerce law."
SELECTS ITS OFFICERS.
Grand Council of the Young Men's
Institute Ends Its Labors.
CINCINNATI, Sept. 7.— The Grand
Council of the Young Men's Institute con
cluded its sessions to-day in time to wit
ness the Grand Army parade. The follow
ing officers wore elected:
Grand president, G. M. O'Brien, Roan-
First grand vice-president, J. R. Flan
agan, Portsmouth, N. 11.
Secretary, Joseph Vetter, Reading,
Treasurer, Henry K. Isler, Carthagena,
Marshal, W. H. Breech, Cincinnati.
Delegate to Supreme Council, Joseph P.
Kealy. Cincinnati.
On October 10 there will be a meeting of
the Grand Council at St. Louis, at which
delegates from the United States, Canada
and British Columbia will be present.
In Charge of Yuma Prison.
TUCSON, Ariz., Sept. 7. — Herbert
Brown, editor of tin Arizona Citizen of
Tucson, was appointed to-day by the
Governor superintendent of the Territo
rial Prison at Yuma, vice John W. Dor
rington, resigned.
84
AN INDIRECT
STATEMENT IS
MADE BY MILES
Peculiar Marker Adopted by the
Commanding General to
Express hjis Views. .
In ttye Form of a Letter tie MentioQs H in ) se 'f in
trje Third Person and Justifies f\\s
Recent Acts.
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.— The Herald's Washington correspondent
sends the following: While no action is expected to be taken upon
the statements already attributed to General Miles, yet there is
strong reason for saying the relief of the commanding general of
the army is among the probabilities of the near future. The officials
of the War Department rooall that General Winfield Scott was re
lieved as commanding general and assigned to duty as superintend
ent of West Point. There is no doubt of the authority of the President
to relieve a commanding general Avhienever he sees fit. It is also
within his power to order a court-martial for the trial of General
Miles, but this he has no thought of doing. The most extreme meas
ure he would be likely to take would be to relieve him of his command,
but whether or not this be done v. ill depend on the future conduct of
General Miles.
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.— The United
Btatps transport Obdam, having on
board Major General Nelson A. Miles
and his Btaff, arrived here to-day. Mrs.
Allies, son and daughter were also on
board the transport, which sailed from
Ponce on September 1. The surgeon in
charge reported all well and no sick
ness or deaths during the voyage.
The following statement, emanating
from General Miles, was given to the
reporters on board of the Obdam. It
is in the form of a letter In which
General Miles is mentioned in the third
person:
While at Porto Rico and during the
voyage returning on the OUdani, on which
eteamer were General Miles and staff and
i*ii battalions of the Second Kegiment of
Wisconsin Volunteers. I learned the fol
lowing fact 6 concerning the Cuban and
Porto Rican expeditions. In the first
place, let me say that the war has closed,
after being conducted largely as General
Miles stated publicly at the beginning of
the war that it would be. The statement
was publicly made and a generu.l order
was issued by him as commander of the
American army, in which the plan he has
striven to pursue was foreshadowed,
namely, seeking to accomplish results
with the least possible loss of life. In an
interview in the latter part of May he
eaid: "The United States Government is
too strong, too great and too powerful to
commit any foolish act in connection with
the proposed Invasion of Cuba."
Referring to the proposed rush to the
feyer-strieken city of Havana he said:
"No officer is fit to command troops who,
from any motive whatever, would need
lessly risk the life of a single solciier
either from disease or the millets of the
enemy. I have never sacrificed the lives
of men under my command and do not
propose to subject them to any unneces
sary risks in the present campaign."
In the order issued to the army at an
early day he directed thp.t "every officer
of whatever grade will so far as may be
In his power guard and preserve the
health and welfare of those under his
charge. He must labor diligently and
zealously to perfect himself and hts sub
ordinates in military drill, instruction and
discipline, and above ail he must con
stantly endeavor by precept and example
to maintain the highest character, to fos
ter and stimulate that true soldierly
spirit and patriotic devotion to duty
which must characterize an effective
army."
The principles thus enunciated have
been zealously observed from the first.
Owing to the fact that the season for
campaigning in Cuba had been exhausted
in debates and delay in Congress and in
necessary preparations, General Miles
•was opposed to rushing an ill prepared,
undisciplined* and unequipped army in a
movement against the capital of Cuba,
defended by 100,000 trained Spanish troops,
and In this position he stood practically
alone.
When finally called upon to submit a
plan of campaign, he din so and put It in
writing. In substance he took the stand
first, that every effort should be made to
equip the Cubans and thereby enable
them to haras? the Spanish forces. The
cry of "on to Havana" should be encour
aged, but when the transports, loaded
•with troops, were out of filght of land
th'-y should pail as straipnt as steam
power could bear them to the gate of the
Antilles and the key of the whole posi
tion—Porto Rico. Then, having seized
and occupied that Island, a movement to
Cuba was to follow by means of a
strong cavalry force, which was to be or
ganized anu equipped by August or Sep
tember. He contemplated that 20,000 cav
alrymen thrown to the center of Cuba,
cutting the Spanish forces in two ana
moving west to Havana, by the time tho
rainy Beason was over and it would be
possible to maneuver an army we could
move against that city a well organized,
well equipped and well disciplined army'
and complete the capture of the Spanish
forces.
The lnclosure of Cervera's fleet in the
harbor of Santiago changed the condi
tions and made It necessary to move a
military force to that point. General
Miles, while at Tampa organizing the ex
pedition, felt the Importance of the enter
prise so greatly that he requested permls-
Bion to accompany that expedition or to
join another to join it. This permission
was not granted, bo far as accompanying
that expedition was concerned, but au
thority was granted to equip a second
"for movement and operation against the
rncmy in Cuba and Porto Rico." How
ever, oefore this expedition was equipped,
calls were- made for additional fort>-n to
go to Santiago and they were immediate
ly forwarded.
The statement then leads up to Mileß'
trip to Cuba and the "circumstances of
the surrender of Santiago. After Miles'
conference with Toral the commanding
general of the American army received
from Washington the following dis
patch:
"WASHINGTON,, v. C, July 13.— Major
General Mites: "iou may accept surren
der by granting parole to officers and
men, the officers retaining their side
arms; the officers and men after parole
to be permitted to return to Spain, the
United States assisting. If not accepted,
then assault, unless in your judgment an
assault would fall. Consult with Samp
son and pursue such" course as to the
assault aa you jointly agree upon. Mat
ter should be settled promptly.
R. A. ALGER, Secretary of War.
This, the statement says, does not
look as if General Miles was there as
a visitor. He was charged with the re
sponsibility of ordering an assault upon
the intrenchments and fortifications of
an army which If successful would have
cost at least 5000 lives, or of withhold
ing the assault if in his judgment such
assault would fail. No greater dißcre
tion was ever given to any general
commanding an army, and what is
more, as will be observed, he was au
thorized to accept the surrender, which
in the interest of his subordinates he
gerterously declined to do and went
away, leaving all the honor to hiß next
in rank, General Sh after. On the morn
ing succeeding the first interview a let
ter was received from General Toral,
of which the following is a literal trans
lation:
SANTIAGO t>E CUBA, July 14, 1898.
General in Chief of the American
forces — Honored Sir: His Excellency
the general in chief of the army
of the island of Cuba telegraphed
from Havana yesterday at 7 p. m.
the following : Believing the busi
ness of such importance as the capitula
tion of that place to bo known and
decided upon by the Government of his
Majesty, I give you notice that I have
sent the conditions of your telegram ask
ing an immediate answer and enabling
you also to show this to the general of
the American army to see if he will agree
to await the answer of the Government,
which cannot be as soon as the time upon
which he has decided, as communica
tion by way of Bermuda is more slow
than by Key West. In the meanwhile
your honor and the general of the army
may agree upon capitulation upon the
basis of repatriation, returning to Spain."
I have the honor to transmit this to you
that In case you may consider the fore
going satisfactory, that he may desig
nate persons in representation of himself
who, with those in my name, may agree
to clauses of the capitulation upon tho
basis of returning to Spain, accepted al
ready in the beginning by the general
in-chief of this army. Awaiting a reply,
I am very respectfully your servant,
JOSE TORAL.
Next the statement tells of Miles'
landing at an unexpected point on
Porto Rico and concludes:
General Miles remained in Porto Rico
as long as he deemed his presence neces
sary for carrying out the wishes of the
I resident, and now returns to the United
States, bringing with him nearly 5000 men
who are no longer required, there being
some 12,000. remaining, an army sufficient
for all purposes. He returns at once to
Washington, where he believes he can
be most useful, as he considers the most
important- need of the hour to be the
reduction of war expenses and the re
turn of a large portion of those in the
military service as soon as possible to
their former occupations, where they are
most needed.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON'S
LATEST SCANDAL
Money Extracted From a Registered
Letter Sent to a Penitentiary-
Inmate.
SAN QUENTIN, Sept. 7.— About two
weeks ago Bayard Saville, the forger, who
was sentenced to fourteen years in prison
for swindling the widow "Bell," missed
$00 in currency sent to him in a registered
letter from the East. When the letter
arrived at the San Quentin postofflce the
prisoner was notified, as registered let
ters cannot be taken from the office with
out the convict's permission.
Turnkey John C. Jamieson, who opens
and inspects all the correspondence, took
the letter from the postoffice by Savlile'B
authorization. When Saville received the
letter and missed the currency the Post
offlce Department was notified. W
Robertson, the San Francisco inspector'
was sent to investigate. He received a
statement from the Bank of Wilming
ton Del. that the currency was inclosed
in the letter. After an investigation last
ing two weeks one of the Prison Directors
stated that Jamieson probably would
have to make good the sum missing
Isow Warden Hale has a new theory
He says Jamieson's well-known reputa
tion for honesty renders it absurd for the
turnkey to be suspected. He believes that
the money was taken by Green wald, the
Emerald ring smuggler," who recently
was released from the prison. Jamieson
now asserts also, that Greenwald was a
trusty In his office and opened all the
ASTEROID DISCOVERED BY WITT BUT A
FEW MILES IN DIAMETER.
LICK OBSERVATORY, Sept. 7.— The asteroid D of 1898, discov
ered by Witt at Berlin on August 13, is a very small body, only a few
miles in diameter. Interest centers entirely In Its very eccentric or
bit. When nearest the sun it is considerably within the orbit of
Mars. Its period is about one and three-quarters years. The num
ber of asteroids now known is about four hundred and thirty.
JAMES E. KELLER.
correspondence. He believes with the
Warden that Greenw&ld took the money.
Why Qreenwald was not accused at
first and why he was permitted to open
registered letters is not explained. That
the. postofflce inspector does not Incline
to this theory is shown by the fact that
no attempt is to be made to find Green
wald.
FATAL PLUNGE OF A
YOUNG SOMNAMBULIST
SALINAS, Sept. 7.'— fatal accident,
the result of somnambulism, occurred at
the Spreckels ■, Hotel ; near ' the , sugar fac
tory some time between 11 o'clock and
midnight last night. Charles Maguire, a
young man who attends bar at the hotel,
went to his room ion the third floor at
10:30 o'clock. v Three hours later residents .
at Spreckels heard groans, . and upon in
vestigation • found Maguire lying .under,
the porch of the hotel.; He was picked up
and carried inside and medical aid called.
While awaiting the doctor. young Ma
guire, who had • recovered consciousness,
said that he had dreamed- that the hotel
was on lire and that all escape was cut
off. To save himself he made for the
.window,' which he opened .and jumped
out, as he supposed, . into ' a pet , held . by
onlookers. He remembers nothing more
until he awoke in the hotel, w !•:;-,.,;. -\
The ; doctor : found ' that besides having
received I severe internal injuries Maguire
had suffered a ' fracture < ■of both • arms
above the elbow -and at the- wrist". and
I both legs near the thigh and the pelvis.
He cannot recover, and his death is hour
ly expected. •-•• ' -"•■>•,-!' -r !-".,. t J
Magulr* Is 24 years old. a native of 'Cal
ifornia, and lived with his ; parents here,
who are well known and .highly respected.
Bain Spoils the Racing.
HARTFORD, Conn., Sept. 7.— A thun
derstorm broke up the racing at Charter
Oak Park this afternoon, only one race
being finished, the 2:18 pace, which was
won by Winfield.
2:12 pace, purse $1500— Winfield won third,
fifth and sixth heats. Time, 2 13 2-14 2-16H
Jimmy B won second heat in 2:14 V«. Pussy Cat
won fourth heat In i:K%. Sylvan Way won
first heat In 2:10V4. Hydrogen, Queen Vitello.
Bllla and Alclenta also atarted.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1898.
SECRETARY ALGER
OUTLINES PLANS
FOR THE FUTURE
Regular arjd Volunteer Forces of
the United States Will Be
Reorganized.
Hereafter pield Officers Are to Be h[e\d Directly
Responsible for tbe H^altb and Welfare
of Tr;eir Meg.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 7.— Secretary
Alger is now putting his affairs into
shape to admit of his absence from
Washington on a tour of inspection of
the army camps throughout the coun
try. He will leave to-morrow evening,
going first to Camp Meade. Pa., and
thence to Detroit. Now that the ac
tive war operations have closed, the
Secretary feels free to express certain
views entertained by the President and
himself respecting the plans for the
treatment of the soldiers and touching
the persons upon whom responsibili
ties should be placed for some of the
matters of complaint. In this connec
tion he says:
"The regiments that have been or
dered mustered out will be mustered
out. The regiments that have been
designated by the President to re
main in the service will hay« to re
main. As soon as wfe have mustered
out 100,000, more or less, we shall reor
ganize the army — every brigade, divi
sion and corps, and put them into com
fortable camps until such of them as
are needed are withdrawn for service
in Cuba, Porto Rico and the Philip
pines.
"In these camps, with the experience
of the past to guide us, sanitary con
ditions will be strictly enforced. The
men composing the army will be
treated as soldiers. They will be shown
every possible consideration and their
health will be preserved. The officers
commanding regiments and companies
will be held strictly accountable for the
sanitary conditions of the camps. They
are the ones who should be held re
sponsible. During the war many of
th^e officers disregarded the specific
.instructions that had been given look
ing to the proper care of the men. Now
it is time for them to take this work
upon themselves and with the knowl
edge that they are to remain in service
they will be expected to devote their
bast energies to the work. Where men
are incompetent to discharge these du
ties they must give way to competent
FROM THE ALTAR
TO A CITY JAIL
Architect Albrecht Is in
Trouble.
ARRESTED IN SANTA ROSA
SENSATIONAL DENOUEMENT TO
.HIS WEDDING.
Marries a Rancher's Daughter One
Day and on the Next Is Accused
of Having Swindled Busi
ness Men.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 7.— Charles Al
brecht, an architect of San Francisco,
obtained a marriage license yesterday
afternoon to wed Miss May Marshall,
a daughter of William Marshall, a well
known farmer residing a short distance
from this city. The ceremony was per
formed later in the day and this morn
ing Albrecht and his bride took a drive
and spent the day at Mark West
Springs.
Upon their return to the home of the
bride's parents this afternoon Albrecht
waa arrested on a charge of having ob
tained money on false pretenses in this
city and issuing a fraudulent check. A
few days ago, it is alleged, Albrecht
went to Brooks & Loomlß, a dry goods
firm in this city, and arranged for the
purchase of dress goods for his in
tended. In payment he gave the firm
a check upon the First National Bank
of San Francisco, which was accepted
and the goods delivered.
To-day the suspicions of the firm
were aroused by inquiries from a local
dressmaker who had not been paid for
work she had done. The San Francisco
bank was communicated with by tele
graph' and replied that no name such
as that of Albrecht was on the books.
The arrest followed.
Albrecht when seen in his cell to
night by a Call representative claimed
the whole affair was an unfortunate
mistake and that he would be able to
explain everything in the morning
when he could communicate with San
Francisco by telephone. He said he
could not understand why the check
.had been returned as he had a sufficient
sum In the First National Bank to meet
the check and considerably more be
sides.
It has been learned that Albrecfit
met his bride while she was engaged as
governess in the family of Frank
Hatch, ex-Hawaiian Minister to the
United States, then living at the Palace
Hotel, San Francisco.
During the arrangements for the
wedding Albrecht insisted on paying
the bills, but when the ceremony was
performed he neglected to give the
minister. Jay William Hudson, the cus
men, for again I wish to make It clear
that these company and regimental of
ficers are to be held to account for the
welfare of their men.
"The great complaint of the soldiers
is homesickness, and a great deal of
this has been caused by the Inconsider
ate publications in the sensational
newspapers. Some of it is also charge
able to the fact that the men entered
the army with the expectation tnat
their services would be very short.
Every experienced officer knows that
a great many died of homesickness.
Following the depression which ensues
upon homesickness come other mala
dies, to which the homesick soldier
falls an easy victim, and it is impos
sible to check their course.
"Now, to my mind, the American
people should try to brace these men
up, to encourage them and cause them
to remember that they are soldiers and
are expected to meet a soldier's duties,
The people of this oountfy should not
be given the impression that they have
sent into the army a lot of boys unlit
to withstand the unavoidable vicissi
tudes of camp Ufa. -Some of the com
plaints that have been published are
calculated to make the American army
appear in a poor light to the eyes of
the American people and also to those
of the nations of the world."
The Secretary gave assurance of his
purpose to carry out strictly the deci
sion he had announced to hold field of
ficers responsible for the condition of
their men in the case of Private Hugh
Parrott, who was reported to have per
ished in hlB tent at Montauk, lacking
medical attendance. This, was the case
to which Representative Qrosvenor had
directed the attention of the War De
partment. The Secretary several days
ago called upon the commanding officer
at Camp Wikoff for a report upon the
subject, and to-day he sent a peremp
tory order to General Shatter to create
a court of inquiry to investigate the
case, or, if the facts warranted it, to
shorten the proceedings by ordering a
court-martial at once for the officer
responsible for Parrott's lack of atten
tion.
tomary fee. Mrs. Hankel, the dress
maker, collected her bill from the
bride's father thla afternoon.
ALSACE AND LORRAINE
MAY BECOME INDEPENDENT
Sacrifices Which Germany and
France Might Make to Carry Out
the Czar's Peace Plans.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 7.— The No
vosti, in a long article, declares that the
principal subject to be considered by the
disarmament congress must be the ques
tion of Alsace-Lorraine. It anticipates
that the result of a consideration of this
will be either the neutralization or the In
dependence of Alsace-Lorraine, which
will now be possible without wounding
the amour propre of either nation.
Both Germany and Prance, says the-
Novosti, could make this self-sacflnce to
attain the Czar's worthy object and thus
restore friendship and relieve the world
of the burden of armed peace.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 7, 1898.— Third day of the State Fair races.
Weather fine; track fast.
A. B. SPRECKELS. Presiding Judge.
£» FIRST RACE— 2:2S trot, mile dash; purse, $300.
(2) Mamie Rlley
... Shelby
... Menlo Bell»
... Lottie
2 Phoebe Childers
>.. Harry Marvin
... Diana
2 Joe Selby
2 Boneallne
Time. :36%, 1:08. 1:42, 2
fee's b. m. by McKlnney b
Mamie Rlley was the 1
might have won but for a
badly, last part. Bad bre
1. 42. 43 3 2 , 1% 12 Durfee ........ 8-58-5
5 26 28 2% '24 24 IRoilrlKuez .... 6 4
8, 61 -52 42 31 ■' 38 Hellman ...... 8 in
1 . . 62. 64 6 4 6 43 Sullivan ...... 6 6
3 31 8 1 62 61 6 i Jonathan .... 4 6
9 9 83 84 7 6 iCarillo ........ 8 10
6! m 76 -7 8". - 8 7 Havey. -g 10
2 . 12 :. It% 1 1 % 4% 8 5mith .......... 12 15
4 7 % 9 9 9 9 [Lafferty ...... 4-5 1
T.
6
BV-
1
3
9
6 '■:
2 ■
4
,42 ,
■• 26
6 1 •
.6 2 .
3 1
9
1?
'■■■■ 7 %
4 8
2 8
• 5 2
6 4
8 1
8 3
.7 6'
misSi
9
3 2
6 4
5 2
8 4
73
I?
2 4
SI
6
.51
7
8 '
9*
12
24
•38
43
6
6
7
8
9
uurree
Hoilrtfruez ....
H"llman
Sullivan
I'unathan ....
Cnrillo
Hnvey
Smith
Lafferty
16%. Poor start. Won first three driving. Winner, W. Q. Dur-
y Del Sur. Off on third break.
>est by about three seconds, considering her send-off. Shelby
break last sixteenth. Joe Selby had speed In plenty, but stopped
aks killed chance* of Chllders and Bonsaline.
*TT SECOND RACE— 2:2O trot, mile dash; purse, $300.
... Dr. J .....It 12 18 IB 15 14 Sullivan 2 S
... Selby 6 3 5 810 310 2 3 212 IRodrlß-uea ... 4 6
... Silver Queen 3 28 26 22 310 34 IHogoboom ... 8 10
... Iran Alto 1 « 44 44. 42 44 Bunch 2 2
3 Dexter D 5 6 1 610 610 6 4 510 Thompson 6 10
B_May B 4 4 6 8 8 6 6 |Hellman 3-2 4-6
Time :34, 1:W. 1:41, 2:17. Poor start. Won pulling up. Second and third driving. Win-
ner, E. V. Jacob's b. h. by Alex Button by Tilton Almont. Off on second score.
Dr J a whole lot the best. Belby Is a "handy" breaker, May B Is not. Silver Queen
tired last quarter. Others never fairly In the hunt.
1
«
3
1
5 '
4
IS
3 5
2 S
6 1
4 6
1 8
8 10
2 6
4 4
6 10
6
1 B
3 10
2 2
4 4.
6 10
6
1 S
2 3
3 10
4 2
6 4
6
1 4
2 12
3 4
4 4
5 10
6
1
lea ...
om ...
"8
4
8
2
■6
3-2
3
6
10
2
10 ;
4-5 "
<on ....
n
O THIRD RACE— B:W pace, mile dash; purse, $300.
>"
4 Lady Margaret 14 13 IS 13 It 13 Durfee 4 5
(4) Belle W 7 33 2 6 26 2 8 25 Wempe 2 2
... Silas Simons 8 32 850 325 320 320 Albertson $ 7
... Clara H 3 610 B 6 41 44 Eddy 2 5
4 Mia Louise 6 8 4 4 4 8 6 6 Donathan 3 4
8 Captain Hackett 8 7J • Bunch 15 7
4 Gaff Topsail 2 4 4 t Smith 10 1J
... Harry 1. 1 620 f Frank 3-2 6-2
4
(4)
"4
4
Margaret
W
Simons
H
L<oulee
4
7
S
3
•
8
2
1
13
3 3
3 2
6 10
8
7 J
4 4
620
II : 13 --' v
26 2 6
8 50 3 25
6 5
44 ' 46
I: ::;
J
1 1
2 8
3 20
4 1
6
1 3
2 6
8 20
4 4
6
Liurree
Wempe
Alhertson ....
lEddy
jDonathan ....
Bunch
Smith
|Frank
In Hackett
rnpsntl.
♦Sulky broke. fPulled up.
Time :34. 1:08. 1:39%, 2:17. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Win-
ner, W. O. Durfee' s br. m. by Star Sultan, dam by son of George Wllkes.
Lady Margaret by odds the best. Belle W game, but did not have enough Bpeed.
Silas Simons a steady rater. Mia Louise showed a burst of speed, but was unsteady. Two
met with accidents.
Ck FOURTH RACES— 2 :I« pace, mile and repeat; puree, $400.
HEAT.
... Much Better..... * 13 13 13 12 11 Bunch 7-10 3-5
... Rex Alto 5 66 3 1 43 34 2% Donathan .... 8 5
... Beachwood 4 II 44 31 2h 34 Baker 6-2 6
... FW • 8 6 8 « 56 43 Gordon 3 4
... Little Thorne 1 £4 23 21 41 510 Thompson .... 5 «
... Floraelta » 46 63 63 6 6 Garnwey 15 30
... Much Better.. ..4
... Rex Alto •••
... Beachwood
... F W
... Little Thorne
... Floracita
8
5
4
I
1
a
13
5 6
S 1
6
2 4
4 6
Jl
4 4
6
2 3
53
1 3
4 3
3 1
«
2 1
5 3
1 2
3 4
2 h
5 6
4 1
«
1 1
2%
8 4
4 3
5 10
6
an" ....
son V...
(r;r..:;-.|
Time, :82, 1:08, 1:84%, 2:09%. Good start. Won first three driving. Seven scores. Win-
ner, Vendome Stock Farm's b. m. by Charles Derby-None Better by Allandorff.
Much Better was game, but lucky, to win. Rex Alto, considering everything, was a much
better horse. Beachwood had a rare burst of speed. F W paced a game race. Little Thorne
had speed for six furlongs, but stopped.
SECOND HEAT.
... F W .... S 8h 44 34 34 13 Gordon 6 «
... Much Better 4 16 16 14 11 23 Bunch 1 7-10
... Bestchwood 1 23 21 22 2V4 I'M Baker 8 8
... Rex Alto « 44 3% 46 415 415 Donathan .... 1 2
... Little Thorne J 616 650 530 515 6 6 Thompson .... 8 20
. . . Floractta 5 8 8 6 • « Garnsey 40 SO
... F W I
... Much Better
... Beachwood i
... Rex Alto
... Little Thorne
... Floraelta . .
j
2
5
h
5
3
4
16
.44
1 6
2 1
i&
8
84
1 4
2 2
4 6
5 30
6
4
\
16
an ....
ton ....
f
6
Time, :32V4. 1:03%, 1:35%, 2:11. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, W. B.
Warner's br. g. by Dorsey's Nephew-Unknown.
F W was the best, but Much Better was saved a trifle at the end. Beachwood could
not make It. The first heat sufficed for Rex Alto. Others outclassed.
THIRD HEAT.
... Much Better......
... Beachwood •
• . . Floraelta
... F W
... Rex Alto
Time, .33%, 1:06%,
ncr, Vendome Stock 1
Little Thorne excu
W broke on first turn
with a start. Rex Alt
eh Better.... !
.chwood •••••
raclta
: AJto'. *.*.'. ■*..".*
..«■•■ 5 18 IS 16 14 14 Bunch 3-2 11-5
J 22 22 23 2% 23 Baker 5 4
\ 35 6% 32 4% 35 Qarneey 60 60
4 430 440 430 3 3 440 Gordon ... 8-5 4-5
0 p 0 5 6 B_ Donathan .... 4 5
I:3T, 2:13%. Good start. Won easily. Second arfd third driving. Win-
Farm's b. m. by Charles Dorty-None Better by Allandorff.
used after second heat. Much Better had things all her own way. T
1 and in home stretch. Beachwood was consistent. Floracita awoke
to Was tired.
5
I
1
4
5
6
2
5 •;•■
30
S
2
1 6
2 3
3 2
4 30
5
•14^::14-
2 % - - 2 3
;"4H- :;-35^
3 3. 4 40
-6 ■■:■■ ■' .-6 •-•■;
1 ....... .
ey '.1....
n ...
h a n
HARNESS HORSES
IN FAST CONTESTS
Exciting Sport at the
State Fair.
TRACK RECORD THREATENED
MUCH BETTER CIRCLES THE
COURSE IN 2:09 1-2.
Neretta Has a Walkover for the
Three-Year-Old Stake — Turfman
Hughes Found Alive, but
Not Well, in His Boom.
. Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 7.— The light
harness racers held the track down this
afternoon, and if there were a few days
of just such sport the gallopers would
soon somewhat lose their grip upon
the race-going portion of the public.
Every race and every heat was inter
esting, and when, In the last event,
Much Better, Rex Alto and Beachwood
came down the home stretch In close
order, with the drivers beating a merry
but painful tattoo upon the anatomies
of the contestants, cheers went up that
could be heard in .the far distant hills.
And when F. W. took the second heat
in such style as to install him a warm
favorite before the third heat there was
a mighty plunge on the son of Dorsey's
Nephew.
But "Farmer" Bunch perhaps could
drive trotter or pacer better than he
could sow wheat or kill potato bugs —
in fact, much better, and we noted the
fact that he could have been much
closer to the other San Jose man's horse
in the Becond heat had Bunch willed it.
But perhaps it was better, much better,
to save the favorite a trifle for the third
heat, and may be they will change the
nickname of the driver from "Farmer"
to "General."
Mamie Riley won the first race, a
mile dash for 2:25 trotters, very clever
ly by two lengths after getting away
poorly, while the favorite, Bonsaline,
wound up last. The time was 2:16%.
Dr. J, at 2 to 1 in the betting, led from
"go" to wind-up in the second event,
also a mile dash, but for 2:20 trotters.
Shelby finished a handy second and
Silver Queen, the longest shot in the
race, third— this after showing a lot of
speed.
Lady Margaret, a wee brown mare
from Los Angeles, made every post a
winning one in the third race, for 2:30
pacers, finishing first by three lengths,
Belle W was second and Silas Simmons
third.
Captain Hackett and Harry J met
with an accident in this race, the for
mer's sulky breaking and spilling
Driver Bunch.
Then came the 2:12 pacing race spo
ken of heretofore. In the first heat,
so closely contested, the time waa
2:09%, just a quarter of a second be
hind the track record. In the second it
was 2:11 and in the third 2:13V 4 .
Neretta Jogged over alone for the
three-year-old stake, and a good day's
sport was at an end.
The judges were: A. B. Spreckels,
presiding; John Boggs and Adjutant
General Barrett. The attendance was
even better than that of Tuesday.
Turfman Rienzi Hughes of San Fran
cisco, about whose alleged disappear
ance the Sacramento papers had con
siderable to say, was discovered in bed
at his Second street home. He had
partaken of too much ice water for the
good of his stomach and was ill. Mr.
Hughes ia a very wealthy man and
fears were entertained that he had been
foully dealt with.
TO-DAY'S STATE* FAIB ENTRIES.
Shafter Selling Stake th« First Event
on the Card.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 7.— Following Is
the programme for to-morrow:
First race, six furlongs,- Shafter selling
... Jennie Reid 1051 ... The Miller 99
(4) Casdale 1041 2 Mldlove 102
... Nllgar 105'
Second race, selling, one mile:
... Kruna 102, 1 Shasta Water.. .lo4
... Cromwell 112 ... Joe Terry 102
Third race, selling, thlrteen-sixteenths of a
mile:
(1) Ban Mateo 114 ... Lady Britannic. los
1 Major Cook 108 ... Nonchalance ....114
... Rose Maid 102
Fourth race, purse, maiden two-year-olds,
five furlongs:
4 Naplan 115 2 Crossmolina ....116
... Almoneer 118 ... Alcatra2 118
4 Feversham US ... Cleodora 115
Fifth race, purse, one mile:
6 Manzanilla 89 6 Scarborough ....107
... Libertine 112 ... Stole 82
... Lost Girl 109
Sixth race, Belling, six furlongs:
... Fig Leaf 103 ... P. A. Flnnegan.llo
(5) Morlnga 106 3 Harry Thoburn.lll
... Ockturuck 10« S Venis 106
... Fleming 106
BOSTON DRAWS AWAY
FROM CINCINNATI
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L, Pet.
Boston 7S 42 .644 Plttsburg ...61 62 .496
Cincinnati ..78 45 .634 Philadelphia 66 5S .491
Baltimore ...71 43 .6231 Louisville ...SI 71 .418
Cleveland ...69 49 .6Wi (Brooklyn ....44 88 .393
Chicago 67 54 .554 Washington 40 78 .339
New Y0rk. ..65 %i .65l)St. Louis 33 88 .27?
CINCINNATI, Sept- 7.— Breltenstein
struck out six men in the first four in
nings. In the fifth he was hit for two
singles, two doubles and two triples. He
was easy after that. Griffith was never
In danger. Attendance 7200. Score:
Clubs— R. h. E.
Cincinnati 2 9 2
Chicago « 13 15 1
Batteries— Breltenstein and Peltz; Griffith and
Donohue. Umpires— Swartwood and Warner.
BOSTON, Sept. 7.— The Champions won
to-day's game by bunching hits In the
first inning, a base on balls and a double
Bteal, all of which netted four runs. After
that the game was a pitchers* battle,
neither side having the advantage. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 5 9 2
Washington 16 0
Batteries— Lewis and Bergen; Donovan and
McGulre. Umpires— Hunt and Connolly.
LOUISVILLE, Sept. 7.— The Colonels
were badly off In all departments of the
game to-day and were shut out. At
tendance 1000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville 0 5 7
Cleveland , 9 12 0
Batteries— Powell and Crlger; Dotvllng and
Kittridge. Umpires— McDonald and O'Day.
BROOKLYN, Sept. 7.— The baseball
game scheduled here to-day between Bal
timore and Brooklyn was postponed on
account of rain.
CORBETT IS NOW IN
FINE CONDITION
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.— James J. Corbett
has returned to training in better condi
tion than even his best friends dared to
hope. He has come back quite his old
self. His weight has decreased a trifle,
but he is etill full of life and bubbling
with confidence.
Taken all In all, Corbett has benefited,
If anything, by the lay-off. He had been
at monotonous work for some time and
was growing impatient at the delay. With
only five weeks In which to get fit he
has turned in to wok as if he loved it.
He believes, as he da before, that he will
win as certainly as the day comes.
WILDFLOWER WINNER
OF THE ST. LEGER
LONDON, Sept. 7.— At Doncaster to-day'
the St. Leper stakes for three-year-olds
was won by Captain Oreer's chestnut colt
Wiianower, by Gamnu, out of Tragedy.
J. W. Latnach's chestnut colt Jeddah, by
Jan Issarl, out of Pilgrimage, was second,
and August Belmont's chestnut colt
Bridegroom n, by Rayon dOr, out of St.
Bridget, was third.
The Cleveland handicap plate was won
by Martin D. Rucke'9 brown horae King
Hampton, the LorilWird-Beresford sta
ble's Elnn second and \V. M. Clarke's
Prince Bareldlne third. This event ib of
500 sovereigns for three-year-olds and up
ward. There were eleven horses in this
race, and the course the Sandel mile.
Winners at Hamline Park.
ST. PAUL, Sept. 7.— Results at Hamline:
2:40 class, trotting, purse $1000— Dollie Mar
chutz won second, third and fourth heats.
Time, 2:19%, 2:19%, 2:19 V Aggie Medium took
first heat and second place. Time, 2:lfl«4.
Mapgle Lass third. Belle Clifton and Hill
Freila also started.
2:13 class, pacing, the St. Paul purse, t'noo—
Redinda won .first, fourth and fifth heats.
Time. 2:0!>%, 2:12%. 2:14. Anna Lee second. Red
Strath third, Alfred 13 fourth. Tim Donovan,
Hartford Jr., Jib Laverna and Lena also
started.
2:09 class, trotting, thri»e-year-olds, purse $309
— Miss Delia won In straight twats. Time,
»:59»4, 2:29%. Luto Roy second, Temple Oliver
third.
Racing at Buffalo.
BUFFALO, Sept. 7.— The track was heavy;
weather fair.
First race, three-year-olds, selling, seven
furlongs. Sister Jane won, Boulare second,
Prince Zeno third. Time, 1 :38.
Second race, four and a half furlongs, Glas
nevin won, Amelia T second, Defiance third.
Time, 1:00^.
Third race, all apes, six furlongs, Alice Far
ley won. Judge Warden second, Lady Irene
third. Time. 1:19H-
Fourth race, three-year-olds and up, selling,
seven furlongs, Homelike won, Mamie Dillon
second. Lauretta D third. Time, 1:85.
Fifth race, three-year-olds and up. selling,
one mile, Leo won, Bromoko second, Tony Hon
im? third. Time. 1:43.
Advances made on furniture and planers, with
of without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
_,■:.. . A3VEBTISEMENTS. .
gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
I Free Book for Weak Men [•
S . o
S 4'4 ' .' > ■ . •■■'■■■■' o
i w^^fi^ "Three Classes S
■••' • ihP?^ jpfc of Men" — - g
0 Jl ::: J*l^C sent sealed— free upon request. a
° Jn *tt^ rft&r I* * e^ s °* m y thirty years' prac- 2
° «^P* »*** IlJr1 l Jr *' cc and success in treating o
§ a^S&^^j&smgd Nervousness » Impotoncy, Vari- °
O cocele, Lame Back and kindred ®
2 m^&m^^^^W^ Ailments by nature's own gift o
I M^/jMmMW toman-Electricity. |
I DRUGS NEVER CURE, •
O .They only stimulate. -With my famous Electric Belt and Supporting Sus- O
O■;O ■ ; pensory iI -■ cured ; 5000 last • year. Soothing currents applied through ® -
j~ -weakened parts at night. It cures you while you sleep. ,; Write for °
s'!|- book to-day and get my opinion of your 'case,; or drop in and consult ®
?1 me free of " charge* and test current of Belt. Call or address - : r V °
2 DR. A. X. SANDEN, ":^* I .'- -V - ". " ' .'•' %
g ■ rOlM»»k.tBtm».Oorß.rK.ftni7,B«iFr»a.lm. : ; NOT IN DRUB STORES. f©^
O- flee" hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 . „". r ! QV
to 1.-? Branches at Los Angeles, * Cal., i2t West Dr. B*nden's Electric Belt e\ \
O ' Second street; Portland, Or., 253 Washington ' ■■' .' *• never sold ■In \ drug .store* ' *» i
A street: Denver, Colo.. - 911 \l Sixteenth : street; • ' nor by traveling agents; only ' Q *i
Or Dallas Tex., JBS Main. street; Butte. , Mont. *at our office. . - . z; /
O 110 North Main street.;".;;;^;: ;;..'• ■/;■■;;■: r ;..; - : 4 . ■;_ \ . /; ~ :: — — — ~ — —+ °
OO 00000 O O O O 00 0 O 00000 00 00 0 0000
ALGOL TOO FAST
FOR WHITE FROST
Schorr's Horse Again in
Front.
FALSE PRICE AGAINST HIM
TYPHOON II FINISHES BEHIND
XINNIKINNIC.
At Newport Loneta Surprises tb,*
Talent by Outfooting Fireside,
John Boone and Other
Good Ones. .
Special Dispatch to The Call. *?— 1
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.— The Intense heat
at Sheepshead Bay to-day was much
modified by a thunder storm, -which
broke out Just as the horses went to the -^
post in the second race and rain fell at
intervals during the remainder of th«
afternoon. Summaries;
First race, five furlongs:
Anltrala. 110 (Sloan), S to 1...... ~» 1
Incandescent, 110 (Maher), 4 to I and » to 6.. t
Effie Alnslte, 110 (Dean), 30 to 1 •*• 5
Time, 1:04 1-5.
Sister Fox, The Rose, Harlonica, Kensington,
Winter, Belle of Troy, Lady Onward, Lad*
Kxile, Auydale, Belle of H, Candlestick, Vera
cious and Seraphic also ran.
Second rac«v mile and a furlongi
Algol, 113 (Burns), 5 to 1 1
White Frost, 113 (Barrett), 8 to 1 and 2 to 1.. 3
Lady Marian, to (O'Connor), 60 to 1. ............ 4
Time, 1:56.
Joe Miller, Hanwell, Bir Gwaln, Geisha and
Poetess also ran.
Third race. Gold Rod, aix and a half, furlongs:
Rhinelander, 110 (Slnune), 4 to 1 1
King Barleycorn, 115 (Turner), 6 to 6 and I
to 2 - J
Sir Hubert. 115 (Maher), 8 to 6 > S
Time, 1:23.
Great Neck also ran.
Fourth race, Septehiber, mile and three fttr«
George Boyd, 108 (Maher), 6 to J. ......... I
Candleblack, 108 (Spencer), 6 to 1 and 8 to 5.. 3
Happahannock, 106 (Doggett), 12 to 1 ■
Time, 2:23.
Laverock, Mirthful and Gloriana also ran.
Fifth race, six furlongs:
Kinniklnnic, 106 (Spencer), even J
Typhoon 11, 128 (Taral), 4 to 6 » *
Time, 1:16.
Sixth race, Belling, mile and a sixteenth*
Continental, 106 (Clawson), 2 to 1..... }
Octave, J4 (T. Burns), 7 to 1 and 2 to 1 }
Lansdale, 109 (Sinuns), 8 to 1 •
Time, 1:51 1-5. 4T4 T
Oxnard, Merlin. Knight of the Garter, Lord
Zenl, Mount "Washington and Scotch Plaid also
ran.
CINCINNATI. Sept. 7.— Loneta gave tha
talent quite a surprise to-day at Newport by
winning the first race of the day from jnre-
Plde the heavily backed favorite. Loneta got
the decision by a nose. Weather delightful} M
track fast. ■*
First raoe, clx furlongs.
Loneta, 102 (Southard), 25 to 1 J
Fireside, 102 (F/rost), 6 to 5 and 2 to 5 J
John Boone, 104 iM. Dunn), 3 to 1 *
Time, 1:15.
Mis* Verne, Waldorf, Esther R, Loving Cup
and Nannie D also ran.
Second race, five and a half furlongs.
Donald Bain, 105 (J. Mathews). 2 to 1 1 .
Carl C, 110 (Britton), 3 to 1 and 6 to 5 2
Air Blast, 110 (Wlnfleld), 4 to 1 j»
Time, 1:09. 1
Undue. Lafayette, Charlie O, Fardell, Him
Orather. Spectral, Bob Salter, Blenheim, Fi»
sion and Avondale II also ran.
Third race, mile and Hfty yanls.
J H C, 108 (J. Mathews), 6 to B 1
Braw Lad, 108 (Buckley), 13 to 6 and even 2
George Krats, 101 (W. Dean), 13 to 5 ,;3
Time, 1:46.
Elkln, Lord Neville and Seaport also ran.
..Fourth race, ml.le. selllne.
Arcturus, 10! <J. MatheWft), 6 to 5.... •••••*
Sue Nell, b6 (J. Brown). 20 to 1 and 8 to 1....*
Rotha, B7 (Nutt), a to 2 ". - 3
Time. 1:43%.
Rarus, Jack Hayes, Elslna, Van Ijogic. Sklnk.
Springtime, Almante, Buck Franklin, Forbear
ance and John Cannon also ran.
Fifth race, seven furlongs.
Annie Oldfieid. 10S (Finst). 4 to 1..... I
Ada Russell, 108 (Britton), 5 to 1 and 2 to I—Z1 — Z
School Girl, 108 (Hall), 6 to 1 a
Time. 1:30>4.
Aspaala, Marlti, Vtrgie Cook. Orlalthie, Sweet
Cream Elsie Q, Money Spinner, Fair Deceiver
and Belle of St. Clair also ran.
Sixth race, mile, selling.
Bon Jour, 101 (Britton). 6 to 6 1
Ma Angeline, 95 (Southard), 6 to 1 and 2 to 1..1
Libation, 99 (Frost), 3 to 1 3
Time, 1:41%. ••
Harry Shannon, Kowalsky, Katie Longfellow,
Hilda, Ray H, Duncan Bell and Cecil also ran.
ANACONDA, Sept. 7.— First race, three fur
longs— Lou Watklns won, Pat Tucker second.
Rattler third. Time, :35«4.
Second race, blx furlongs— El Mido won, Ta«
hairm second, Ocorona third. Time 1:16%.
Third race. five furlongs— Lena Williams
won. May Boy second, Irish Girl third. Time,
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles— lmp.
Mlssloner won. Coda second, Mary Barr.ea
third. Time, 1:49*.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs—Quick
silver won, Tammany second, Bill Howard
third. Time, 1:07%.
Sixth rfece, four and a half furlongs — Wenoma
won, Blue Sign second, Lo Lo third. Time.
:67.
CHICAGO, Sept. 7.— Hawthorne results.
Weather cool; track heavy.
First race, six furlongs— Cutter, 6 to L wont
Cnnova, 6 to 5, second; Friskal third. Time.
1:18.
Second race, five furlongs— Vie Lamont, 6 ta
5, won; Patomaclta, 7 to 5, tecond; Nora G
third. Time, 1:04%.
Third race, five furlongs— Espionage, 3 to 5,
won; Good Hope, 2 to 1, second; Cora Havllt
II third. Time. l:03V».
Fourth race, one mile — Hosf, 8 to 1, won; Um
brella. 8 to 5, second; Locust Blossom thin}.
Time. 1:45.
Fifth rare, six furlongs— No Bids, 7 to S, won;
Troll, 4 to 6, second; Michael G third. No
time taken.
Sixth race, one mile— Marsella, ! to 1, wonj
Branch, S to 1, second; Con Regan third. Time,
1:45%.GALLAGHERS IN
CONTROL OF THE
STATE COMMITTEE
Seth Mann of Oakland Chosen
as a Leader by the
Democrats.
Judge Maguire and Others Make Addresses
in Which They Urge the Party Workers
to Stand Together for the Com-
The Democrat!. State Central Com
mlttft> was organised yesterday after
noon according to the programme pro
vided by the leaders of the Clan Ga 1.
lagher.
The meeting was characterized by
mucn oratory and many prophecies of
Democratic success, and was the oc
casion for the establishment of the Gal
laghers in the position of Dictators Ex
traordinary to the Democratic Party
and Most Exalted Mouthpieces of His
Honor the Populist-Silver- Republican-
Democratic Candidate for Governor, j
James G. Maguire. A single hitch i
marred the harmony of the proceed- \
ings. It was when James Gallagher, j
leader of the clan and designated Keep
er of the Official Conscience, attempted !
to nominate four officers of the com- j
mittee in a bunch. Eugene Deuprey
objected to this and declared that It i
savored of a programme. This view i
of the case caused Gallagher to nomin- \
ate his men one at a time, a proceed- |
. Ing that occupied a few minutes more •
time, but which satisfied Mr. Deuprey's j
fine sense of fair play because it elimi- i
nated from the proceedings all sus
picion of a programme.
In this connection It may be Interest-
Ing to Judge Magulre to know that The
Call named the ticket of the committee
days and even weeks ago.
The officers of the new committee
are:
CHAIRMAN.
Seth Mann of Oakland.
VICE CHAIRMEN.
Raleigh Barcar of Vacaville.
J. H. Seawell of Ukiah.
C. C. Wright of Los Angeles.
SECRETARY.
Ben Maddox of Visalia.
ASSISTANT SECRETARIES.
John Markley of Sacramento.
Al McCabe of Merced.
Leo Park of rian Francisco.
George Morris of Marysvllle.
TREASURER.
Bart Burke of San Francisco.
PURITY COMMITTEE.
C. C. Wright, Joseph Leggett, John
A. Hicks, Max Magnus, W. C. Graves
and B. V. Sargent.
Dr. Magnus is the man who Is so
obnoxious to the German Democrats of
the city.
After the committee had been called
to order by V. r . H. Alford, the retiring
chairman, R. M. Fitzgerald of Oakland,
addressed the chair for the purpose of
nominating Seth Mann for chairman.
He said:
"We are confronted with a situation
that requires us to put all of our energy
Into the work that is before us, for op
posed to us are the corporations and
the aggregated wealth of the com
munity. It therefore behooves us to
Belect such men for our leaders as have
our confidence and upon whom we can
rely. The situation interests us more
than at any time in the past and each
of us must lend our assistance to the
effort that is to be made by the party.
It is with this object in view that I
now desire to nominate for chairman of
this committee Seth Mann of Oak
land."
Dockweiler of Los Angeles moved
that nominations be declared closed and
Mr. Mann was elected by acclamation.
Upon taking the chair Mr. Mann said:
"I thank you most heartily and sin
cerely for the great honor that you
have conferred upon me. I have not
had experience in such a place before,
but I have always been active in the
campaign work of the party. What I
lack in experience I hope to make up
in zeal and I promise you that I will
do all that I can and that I have a
very hlph conception of the duties that
have been imposed on me.
"Our duties are chiefly executive and
It is our desire that we open the cam
paign at once and pet down to busi
ness. A Democratic administration of
the gubernatorial office is now about to
be closed and every Democrat can feel
a just pride in the work that has been
accomplished by Governor Budd. We
have nominated a ticket and it is a
mon Cause.
ticket of the people. It is our duty to
work for the success of that ticket, and
If we do so work there is no doubt
that we will achieve success. In con
clusion let me say that we have a
united Democracy behind us and that
every Democrat in the State will be
found working energetically for the
success of the whole ticket."
After the election of the other offi
cers of the committee W. H. Alford
moved that the executive committee be
composed of fifteen members, and that
the chairman of the State committee
be given power to increase the number
as he saw fit. Carried. On motion
of Wright of Los Angeles the thanks
of the committee was tendered to Mr.
Alford for his services to the party dur
ing the past two years. Judge Ma
gulre was then called to the platform
and spoke as follows:
"I have never in my experience at
tended a meeting of the Democratic
State Central Committee where the
spirit of enthusiasm was so clearly
manifested as it is here to-day. Never
have I seen so general a representation
from every quarter of the State. I
think this augurs well for the work
that is to be done.
"I shall not speak of the issues of
the campaign, but those issues are
! worthy of the most earnest effort of
every Democrat in the land. They are
j worthy of the best efforts of every
j man who believes in upholding the
| right against organized aggression. If
we would win we must win by intelli
gent and voluntary effort. On the
other side all the power that wealth can
bring will be put forward. If they
find us divided, if they find us apa
thetic, they will defeat us.
"I believe I see in the spirit mani
fested here to-day a purpose and a de
termination that you will not be over
thrown by any such means. If we
would meet them and answer them and
make their efforts futile we must or
ganize our people throughout the State.
We must put our men to work.
"The situation is altogether hopeful
for the Democracy of the State. I be
lieve we shall be successful. As soon
as the work of the campaign is mapped
out I propose to take my place in the
ranks of the workers of the party and
do whatever Is within my power to
bring victory to our banners."
Calls were made for Governor Budd
and in response he said:
"What I have to say will be said dur
ing the campaign. Where my voice
I will do any good in the State it will be
I heard. I believe that with Maguire
and the principles of our party we will
j win."
Mayor Phelan made a short address
I in which he eulogized Maguire and at
| tributed tho past success of the party
i to the Australian ballot law which he,
the Mayor, had helped to frame. He
• was followed by W. H. Alford. William
\ T. Jeter; C. C. Wright, J. H. Seawell
j and others.
The meeting adjourned with throe
i cheers for Maguire and the Populist
| Silver Republican-Democratic ticket.
HENRY T. GAGE INDORSED.
Citizens' Republican Party Pledges
Support to the Entire State
Ticket.
The County Committee of the Citizens'
Republican party met last night, with
Charles W. Forbes in the chair.
The following resolutions, introduced
by Thomas B. O'Brien, were adopted by
a rising vote:
Whereas, It Is incumbent upon the part
of the Citizens' Republican party to assert Its
status as an established political organiza
tion whose nominees at the last election re
| eelved a minimum vote of 7000 and a maxi
[ mum vote of 15.000, and a Congressional vote
I of 10,940, all of which were enrolled and loy
ally supported the National Republican ticket;
therefore,
Resolved, That we now pledge our un
swerving allegiance to the nominees of the
State Republican ticket as approved hy the
State convention at Sacramento, the supreme
council of our party In the State. As soldiers
In the grand army of protection, patriotism,
! prosperity and territorial expansion, each and
i all Infallibly pledge one another to earnestly
I work for the success of tho party of Lincoln,
| Garfield, Harrison, McKlnley and Oa^e.
O'Brien then spoke at length in support
of the State ticket, but said that the
j members were not bound to support any
local ticket In part named by Martin
Kelly, whom he denounced as a political
Hessian. "We will stand loyally by the
State ticket," said he, "and we repudiate
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, IS9S.
the charge made by our enemies that
Henry T. Gage, our standard bearer, is
controlled by any corporation. The best
answer to their calumny is that he is
loved and respected by all who know him.
The grand demonstration given him on
his return to his home in Los Angeles is
ample proof of what his neighbors think
of him. Henry T. Gage never earned a
ten-cont piece in his life from any cor
poration, and the people of this Golden
State know that it is to their best inter
ests to elect him Governor at the coming
election."
The committee then adjourned, subject
to the call of the chair.
A Uniformed Republican Club.
Over forty of the younger members of
the Republican party met at the Union
League Club last nighf and organized a
uniform Republican club. S. K. Thorn
ton was elected temporary chairman and
Morgan Backus temporary secretary. Af
ter appointing the usual committees an
permanent organization an adjournment
was taken until next Monday night.
A Gage and Neff Club.
Republicans of the Thirty-sixth Assem
bly District met at Rolando's Hall Tups
day night and organized a Gage and Neff
Republican club by electing the following
officers: Chairman. Frank French; vice
chairmen. C. H. Engelke, P. H. Jensen,
G. Ross Sr. and E. Pushing; secretary.
G. Palmer: assistant secretary. Otto
Fauss; treasurer, E. J. Walsh. The club
Indorsed the State ticket, and will hold
weekly meetings during the campaign.
Indorsed for State Senator.
The Dewey Republican Club of the
' Forty-second and Forty-third Assembly
i Districts met last night and adopted reso
i Unions indorsing the State ticket noml
| nated at Sacramento. The club indorsed
■ Lorenzo A. Henry for the nomination for
j State Senator from the Twenty-fourth
j Senatorial District.
DALTON HAS
CONFIDENCE
Will Not Be Omitted
From the Ticket.
Oakland Office San Frnnclsco Call.
908 Broadway, Sept. 7.
There is no longer any doubt as to the
method in which Assessor Dalton will
seek a nomination to succeed himself. He
stated to-day that he would go into the
convention with a solid delegation from
the First Ward, and that he had no fear
of the result.
"I shall certainly have a place on the
Republican ticket," said the Assessor this
afternoon. "1 shall have a delegation
from my ward, and I have no doubt re
garding my support from the other
wards. I cannot say now what other can
didates may be on my ticket from the
First. I understand that Robert Graham
is a candidate for Auditor and Dr. Blood
for Coroner, but as yet we have had no
understanding with one another.
"I do not expect to get any support
from the railroad. That is but natural.
I will admit I have done nothing for tnem
except treat them fairly, and I cannot ex
pect them to do anything for me except
probubly try to throw me down. I have
so much confidence In my own .standing
before this county that 1 venture to say
that no Republican ticket will be made
up without my name being upon It. 1 am
now seeing how many of my friends are
likely to be placed on ticket's from other
wards, and 1 am gratified at the pros
pect."
This statement of Mr. Daiton ends
much uncertainty. It means that there
will be a convention fight between As
sessor Dalton from the extreme west of
town and "Bob" I^eckle from the east
end, should Mr. I^eokie succeed in getting
the delegation from the Seventh. This
Possibility is of course denied by Frank
Jordan's supporters. One of the most
conservative of the Seventh Ward poli
ticians said to-day that there will be no
walkover in the Seventh Ward for any
body. The contest between Frank Jordan
and the dissatisfied Hllborn men is being
fanned by interested parties, and the pri
maries may produce a surprise either
way.
There has been much talk about some
of the San Francisco Republican leaders
taking a hand in Alameda politics. This
statement is generally regarded as ab
surd. Although it is possible in view of
facts that can be guessed at by every
intelligent politician, that much 'interest
may be felt in the county legislative
ticket, It is ridiculous to assume or to pre
sume that politicians outside of Alameda
are interested in her Recorder or her
Township Constables.
In the Third Ward Committeeman J. I.
Palmer is evidently trying to please all
the candidates, and the task as shown
by his many communications to the coun
ty committee is not an easy one. Some
days since Mr. Palmer wrote that he
would arrange to have the entire Third
Ward blanketed, and named the polling
placos. A few hours later he sent an
other letter to the secretary stating that
after deliberation he had concluded to
change his first plan and substituting an
other. Still later he has sent a third
plan to the secretary to be incorporated
in the call, in which he says that "after
mature deliberation" he has decided that
his first nlan is the best.
Committeeman Riley is thinking that if
each of the thirteen committeemen de
liberates and maturely deliberates and
then changes his mind after all in re
fard to his district, the call will be ready
or publication about Christmas, instead
of Saturday next, as ordered by the coun
ty committee.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
Illegally Registered.
The register of voters in San Francisco
will be purged of nearly sixty names, as
a result of an investigation made last
evening by Registrar Blggy.
DEMOCRATS
IN A PRETTY
WRANGLE
Office-Seekers Resent
Accusations.
WANT TO BE JUDGE AND JURY
COMMITTEE OF ONE HUNDRED
HAS A WARM SESSION.
Almost a Free Fight Among the Gen
tlemen Who Claim to Govern
the Local Democ
racy.
Less than a majority of the Demo
cratic Committee of One Hundred met
last evening, transacted a little busi
ness and indulged in a great deal of
oratorical warfare that at times threat
ened to lead to personal encounters and
a free fight. As It was, the members
who participated in the row confined
themselves to calling each other bad
names and accusing one another of po
litical dishonesty and bad faith.
The trouble began when a motion was
offered having for its object the exclu
sion from membership of all such mem
bers as are seeking or intend to seek
nominations at the hands of the Demo
cratic Municipal Convention. The sug
gestion came from Francis J. Heney,
but it was a£ once met with such a
storm of protests that it became appar
ent that if such an order was carried
into effect there would not be enough
members in good standing remaining
to form a whist party. In repelling the
attacks to which his motion subjected
him Mr. Heney went so far as to say
that it was within his personal knowl
edge that members of the committee
who received nominations at the hands
of the State Convention had appointed
delegates to that convention who
they knew were favorable to their can
didacy.
This assertion caused another howl to
be raised and it was not until Chair
man Dunn, who, by the way, was him
self within the sweeping limits of the
accusation, poured oil on the troubled
waters that danger of a free for all
fight was averted.
The first business of Importance that
came before the meeting were' the
resignations of William Craig, candi
date for Congress from the Fifth Dis
trict, and James N. Block. Thf>y were
accepted without comment. William
M. Hinton, candidate for Railroad
Commissioner, then handed in his
resignation. This brought Dr. Beverly
Cole to his feet. He declared he was
surprised that at the twelfth hour Mr.
Hinton and the other gentlemen had
discovered the Impropriety of being
members of the Committee of One
Hundred. "Is it possible," he said,
"that these gentlemen have just dis
covered that they occupy a delicate
position before the public? Is it possi
ble that when they were naming dele
gates to the State convention they did
not know that they were to be candi
dates before that convention? If I al
lowed myself to be influenced by my
ideas of propriety I would say that my
friend Mr. Hinton ought to be ashamed
of himself."
Chairman Dunn' apologized for Mr.
Hinton and himself by saying that
neither had desired to serve as mem
bers of the committee and that their
membership had been forced on them.
When peace had been restored the
magazine was again fired by a motion
offered by Joseph N. Nougues, provid
ing that all members intending to be
come candidates for municipal offices
should hand in their resignations at th^>
next meeting of the committee. Francis
J. Heney offered as an amendment that
on and after September 15 no member
of the committee would be eligible to
a nomination at the hands of the
municipal convention. In speaking to
the motion Mr. Heney said that it was
improper that a candidate for nomina
tion should have a voice in the selec
tion of the delegates whom he wished
to act on his candidacy.
Franklin K. Lane resented the con
clusions of Mr. Heney purely in the in
terests of the horde of would-be can
didates, of which he is one. He de
clared that he was of the opinion that
no member of the committee would take
such an unfair advantage. "We are
among gentlemen and men of honor,"
he said, "and I do not believe that they
would do anything that was not gen
tlemanly and honorable."
Heney— l personally know of mem
bers of this committee who appointed
delegates to the State convention who
would vote for them as candidates be
fore that convention.
Chairman Dunn — It would be gentle
manly of you to give names.
Heney— l refer to a candidate for
CongTess who is a member of this com
mittee.
A voice — If you mean James H. Barry
It is a lie.
Sammy Braunhart— l rise to a ques
tion of privilege. I want the gentle
man called down.
Chairman Dunn— Mr. Heney owes it
to Mr. Hinton and myself to explain.
Heney— l know that it is contrary to
human nature for any man to sit in
judgment on his own case and not favor
himself. It is not human nature for a
candidate for office to select a delegate
who is not favorable to himself.
E P, E. Troy— l rise to a point of
order. This man's remarks are un
gentlemanly and I demand that he be
required to explain.
Heney — Before the meeting of the
State Convention I was told by Mr.
Nougues that if I continued the fight
that I was making in this committee I
would be thrown out bodily. Now, I
never was thrown out of a place in my
life and I have never resigned under
fire and that is why I am here now.
Max Popper created a diversion by
offering an amendment to the amend
ment providing that all members of the
committee who were seeking subordi-
nate political positions by appointment
or otherwise, or who had relatives who
were seeking subordinate positions, be
declared ineligable to membership. In
speaking to the motion he said that he
believed there were not one hundred
Democrats in San Francisco who were
not seeking some such position. This
was too much and all of the motions
were voted down by an overwhelming
majority.
Chairman Dunn tendered his resigna
tion, which was accepted. He was
tendered a vote of thanks for his serv
ices. On motion of Nougues Jasper N.
McDonald was elected chairman to fill
the vacancy caused by the resignation
of Dunn. The following appointments
were made to fill vacancies:
Twenty-eighth District, Lawrence
Hoey; Thirty-first, Charles J. Gal
lagher; Thirtieth, John Heney; Thirty
fourth, John A. Helms; Thirty-seventh,
W. P. Sullivan; Forty-first, W. B. San
born; Forty-fourth, H. L. Ray.
The committee adjourned to meet
next Tuesday evening.
Ocean View Republicans.
The Regular Republican Club of Ocean
View, at a meeting last night, indorsed
by resolution the Republican State ticket.
< ADVERTISEMENTS.
®® ® ®® ©©©© © © © © o©o 00 o©©©©© © © © ©0
§ PUT THE MONEY IN BANK, |
® ' ; : ,...". : ' - . ..•. , ©
© Or Leave It With Any Reputable Business Man In San Francisco Until You ©
® Are Cured— A Fair Offer to Afflicted Men. - ©
® _______• ©
® We have such confidence in our methods and remedies for restor- ®
© ing partial or complete loss of vital power, and curing contracted ail- ®
@ ments, that we are willing to have the price for a cure deposited in any ©
bank, or with any reputable business ■ man in : San Francisco, .when »
W treatment. is commenced. If ; a satisfactory cure is not made in a given
© time, the amount to be. returned to the patient. If the patient ad- w
0 mits that he is cured the money is to be paid to us. , { ®
v. ■ No other reputable physicians have ; ever made i such an offer to the ®
w afflicted, and we : could ; not afford to do . so if we were not convinced (S)
© after seventeen years' experience, that we have the ability to make pos- X
@ itive, quick and permanent cures. = Nervous Debility and its attending W
V embarrassments, ; Contagious Blood Ploison and other contracted ailments S
® are included in this offer. • ®
®. If you want anew lease of life, we can give it to you. If you want ®
© to sleep sound and to feel active, strong, full of vim, vigor andambi- ©
.-. tion, test our incomparable methods and remedies. The experiment will r\
X cost you nothing unless we do all that we claim to. . w
® : / ; - ■■.■.-.■■'■.-:, i-V ■ :•:■-;;:■ ■■ '■ - -.■■■•■:-,•■ ■■■ .-, ■ '.'■ -' , ■ ®
© Correspondence and Other' Dealing With Patients Sacredly Confidential. '. ®
®
® DANGEROUS
SYMPTOMS.
Confusion of
® •-.
-deas, nervousness,
0 sleeplessness, ab-
® sen tmi nd edness,
pain in the back,
loss of ambition,
drowsiness after
q meals, loss of flesh,
0 bashfulness, dizzi-
® ness, palpitation of
® the heart and many
® others of which
**<•/ victims are well
® aware. *
® ;
A
@ CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE. ®
| DR. MEYERS & CO., » ai "3SrK2E&,«. 1
TAKE ELEVATORS. HOURS— a to 12, Ito 5 daily. Evening!, 7to 9 ; Sunday., 9to 11. ®
®® ® ®® ® ® ® ® ®®®® ® ® ® ® ®®@®@®® ® ® ®®®® ®®®®®
H. C. Griffith, the president of the club,
was in the chair and he and A. Branch,
Judge Allen and Louis Brown made short
addresses.
Maguire Democrats.
The Thirty-sixth District Maguire Dem
ocratic Club, effected permanent organiza
tion last night at Duveneck's Hall by the
election of the following officers: Presi
dent. S. J. Crowley; vice-president, J. H.
Still; recording secretary, J. H. McClos
key; corresponding secretary, B. J. Duffy;
treasurer S. W. Still; sergeant-at-arms,
George Koch, James Hunt, W. J. Coffin;
executive committee — M. J. Vaughn, Au
gustus A. Lillie, P. Casserly, William Mc-
Casserly, William McGoldrick, W. H.
Springer. J. P. Fanning and L. Doffe.
Speeches were delivered by E. I. Coffey,
Joseph McCioskey and A. S. Lillie.
Will Scan the Political Field.
Edward L. Hutclnnson, the Ponulist-Sil
ver Republican nominee for Lieutenant
Governor, arrived here last evening from
his home in Los Angeles. He intends re
maining for a week or ten days to study
the local political situation. It is not
improbable that during his stay he will
consult with James Gallagher Maguire on
the ill-advisedness of slighting the Ger
man-American Democrats of the city.
Barry to Speak — Then Refreshments. ;
The Democratic Central Club met last
night at Pythian Castle to make arrange
ments for a "high Jinks" to be held next
Wednesday, night.
James H. Barry, Populist-Democratic
nominee for Congress in the Fourth con
gressional District, will speak, after
which refreshments will be served to tne
club members and their friends.
The club has issued an invitation to all
local Democratic clubs to elect three
delegates to a convention to be held for
the purpose of forming a Maguire League
of clubs.
They Want a Primary.
The Olympia Republican Club, at a
meeting held last night, decided to re
quest the Republican County Committee
to hold a primary for the election of del
egates to the municipal, legislative and
judicial nominating conventions. Reso
lutions were adopted indorsing the can
didacy of Julius Kahh for Member of
Congress from the Fourth District.
The Continental League.
The Continental League met at Sara
toga Hall last night and listened to ad
uresses by C. W. Kyle. W. J. Herrin,
Leon Jones, T. H. McCarthy and F. C.
Firebaugh. A resolution indorsing the
Republican State nominees and pledging
them the support of the league in the
present campaign was adopted.
Umatilla Republican Club Ratifica
tion.
The Umatilla Republican Club will hold
a ratification meeting Saturday evening,
September 17, at Temple Hall. 117 Turk
street. Addresses will be delivered " by
Colonel T. V. Eddy, Julius Kahn, Daniel
Crayon and A. B. Treadwell.
.'■ •—;• — ;
Laumeister for Railroad Commis
sioner.
The Gage-Neff Republican Club of the
Twenty-ninth Assembly District met on
Tuesday evening and Indorsed ex-Sheriff
Lraumeister for nomination for member
of the Board of State Railroad Commis
sioners.
Scandinavian Republican Club.
The Scandinavian Republican Club held
a meeting in Cambrian Hall, last nigrht
and thirty-five new members signed the
roll. Brief addresses were delivered by
C. H. Petersen, F. Clausen and H.
Brandt.
TO PICNIC AT SHELL MOTJND.
Elaborate Preparations for the An
nual Outing of St. Brendan's"
Parishioners.
Every preparation possible has been
made by the members of St. Brendan's
I Parish for a glorious picnic and outing- to
j morrow at Shell Mound Park. For days
! past the committees have been hard at
work arranging for the comfort and
pleasure of their friends, and now that
everything is ready they are assured that
the affair will be a success. Over $200 will
I be distributed for gate arfd game prfees.
! From promises already made it is evident
| that the dancing pavilion will be crowded
all day. Some of the old time
Irish reels and jigs will also be features
of the occasion and several of the best
dancers have signified their intention to
compete for the prizes that will go to the
best performers. One of the attractions
will be an exhibition drill by Company H
of the League of the Cross Cadets under
the command of Captain Powers. Fol
lowing are the committees who have' had
the arrangements of the picnic:
Committee of Arrangements— J. Rafferty, P.
Fhelan, .1. W. Far Ten. C. P. Moore, James
McGregor, G. R. Richmond, John Powers.
Thomas P.ailey, L. Brennan, j. McNamara, J.
J. Looney. Thomas O'Rourke, James P. Do
herty. J. M. Sullivan, P. Landers. M. Murphy, I
AViillam Fleming. L. O'Rrlen, William Maher.
James Cusick, Thomas Martin, J. MeQueeney,
Manuel Rogers, F. Rlley, M. J. Moran, P. Far
rel. J. Coughlan. T. Cavanaugh, P. J. Mack>»s
sey, P. Maloney, M. Hannon, David Walsh,
W. Buckley. D. Buckley. T. Teeling T. Harri
son. M. Sullivan, J. Driscoll. P. Hergevln. J.
Manchester, D. Casey, P. Gatejy, S. Turner,
John Turner, William Madden, John Qulnn
T. 11. Vivian. John Curtln, H. Wilkinson, P.
McGinn. John Butler, John MoGoldrick. H.
Dever, Thomas Gilmore. T. J. Burke, J. Shee
han, M. J. Gavin. M. McGilloway. J. Leary, T.
Kerrigan, P. Kelleher, L. O'Brien, Thomas
Mulvey, Simon Gorman, William Hogan, B. J.
Hogan, M. Murphy, James Sheehan, N. Sig
gins, J. J. Donahue, James McGoMrlck B
Kearney; floor managers— Daniel Sullivan, D.
Buckley, Captain James Powers; gatekeepers—
James 'tt'alsh, P. Landers, M. Oilloway, James
McGnldrick; committee on games — Emanuel
Rogers, F. Reilly, J. J. Looney, John Coghlan.
Patriotic Home Helpers.
The Patriotic Home Helpers, through
their executive board, have issued a let
ter thanking their supporters and releas
ing them from additional contributions.
They ask for the privilege of calling upon
them again if the necessity arises.
®
®
If you cannot ®
come to San Fran-
®
Cisco or call on a «
part of our staff @
when they make ®
their regular month- ®,
ly visits to interior ®
towns, write for pri-
vate book, for men @ j
only, treatise on dis- ® I
eases and weakness
of men, question @
list, etc., all free. ®
r ®
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JHp| CARTELS
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price.
Which
do you like — grocer-
bills or doctor-bills?
Use the wholesome
baking powder — Schil-
ling's Best . H
rT^^^^ff Jand TUMOR
33 jfew^ N0 KNIFE or PAIN
!^i^^^W N() Pay — " Cured
jT' t^^^&x-?^^fc§3!f^ M Anylnmp In a woman's
42*™^^?$%/^! * €n *l nlcll 'y gofs to »rra-
Men's face and lip a com-
iy^P(^*Sfiß(S'*r Afs 3 * l> - I '- t ' :K BOOK - Bent free
B- KM tS '<JEf ' 3 \ Ttthhondreds ofaddresse*
Ntrg^y^^ of honest cures. No Fraud.
S. R.CHAMLEY, M. 0., 17 & 1 7 Third St., hr Market St.
SEND TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER
Close one eye and thenthe other
IF YOU CANNOT SEE EQUALLY WELL BOTH NEAR.
ANOFAR CALL AND SEE US. *
OPTICIANS photo gP^ H su?pl!Es '
Scientific Instruments -*,„
"/jC 642 MARKET ST. VJ>
UNamCHROmCII BUILDING**.
"jt^u. imii RUPTURE*
/jfegngpy^^S K(Jr I SJKC»
fftlvxX/js^' j**s£r rSE No more iron
EUMtfSG£jC<^B9^ Hoops or Steel Springs.
. n^y&SGSfZy'-^ Rupture retained. with »as-»
fl^-^JaBsS. and comfort, andvthousands radi-
B /Mi rally CURED by DR. PIERCE"3
1 la /Ob* Mapnetic Elastic Truss. .C^Call at
Msßr office or write for New Pamphlet No. 1. ■
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
■ 620 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco
STATEMENT
— -OF THE
1 CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— THE
MANHATTAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of • December, A. D.
I 1897, and for the year ending on that day, as
j made to the ■ Insurance - Commissioner ;of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. '
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up in
cash : ". $250.000 00
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and !
bonds-owned by company ..:.. $641,11509
Cash in company's office .......... • 223 70
Cash in banks 36,908 90
Premiums in due course of collection 106,343 50
Cash deposited with Guarantee. Trust
and Safe Deposit Company. Phila-
delphia 200 00
Total assets ......"..-. $785,29119
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $15,223 60
Losses In process of . adjustment or ~
- in suspense 67,885 79
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 10,222 42
Interest declared and remaining. Un- \ .
paid.....: 595 73
Outstanding Interest-bearing receipts 11,001 70
I Due and to become due for borrowed
money ; 100.000 00
All other demands against the com-
pany 162,391 42
Total liabilities ' $357,320 71
INCOME.
Net cash actually received - for fire
premiums ......'............... $466,523 55
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources.... '........"...;.. ; 22,978 00
Received for profit on sale of bonds. 9,343 13
Received for excess payment Broad-
way Insurance Company 54 67
Received for increased capital 25.000 00
Total Income ........ ...:.... ........ $524,204 33
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for .fire losses (In- .
eluding $74,307 42, losses of previous •
years) 1 $352,C99 97
Scrip redeemed In ca5h................ 5,519 21
Dividends to 5t0ckh01der5............. 28,423 07
Paid or allowed for commission or
- brokerage -....".:.."./..... 103.935 03
Paid for salaries, . fees and other .
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 87,67154
Paid for State, national and local
taxe5...........-.....-:.::.--...... .... JB.6U 72
All other payments and expenditures. 67,719 11
Total expenditures ' $702.579 65
P. B. ARMSTRONG. President.
H. F. NEEFUS, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 17th
day of February. 1898.
JOHN T. KIRK. Notary Public
E.W.S.VANSLYKE,
-"^MANAGER
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
MILLS BUILDING, San Francisco.
KHIDR. HALL'S REINYIGORATOR
baptH Five liumlie.l reward for any case
|£m Ml j we cannot cure. This secret remedy
3 | stops all losses in 24 hours, cures ,
MSB IBhs Emissions, Impotency, Varlcocele,
R?ffl Pffu Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strictures,
Wf4 Im, Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
WwCJ r- A", fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
M *"* i Ti :^ sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale ■at j 1073V4 ; Market . St. , , 8. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly. cured.' Send for free book.
X. HESS,
KOTART PUBLIC AND ATTORNET-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room . 1015/ Claus bpieckela Bid*.
•■' :v .: Telephone Brown 831. '-■:*■<. .
Residence, . m CailXornia : nt.. below Poir*U»
i Baa Franclico, .
56
THURSDAY SEPTEMBER 8, 1808
JOHN D. SPRECKELS ' PfO P riet0 [-.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAK_EjJManage»^
Publication office Market and Third sts., s. f.
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS SIT to 221 Stevenson Streel
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) l»
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montt>
66 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL.~_- ...On» year, by mall, $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE .^. 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Bulldlnft
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri*ft« Houm
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 367 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 930 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Lout— Honrß "
Baldwin— "A Marriage of Convenience."
Alcazar— "The First Born" and " Turned Up."
Morosco's— "Shall Wo Forgive Her. ■
Tlvoll— " Lucretla Borgia."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
New Comedy Theater—" The Leading Man."
Alhambra, Eddy and Jones streets— Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Spanish Bull Fight
Olympla— Corner Maeoa and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Mechanics' Pavilion— The Irish Fair.
fcutro's Baths— Swimming.
Metropolitan Temple— Concert,
San Jose Agricultural Park— Excursion and Barbecue, Sun-
day, September 1L •" — I-'-' - —
AUCTION SAL£&
By Frank W. Butterfleld-Thls day. September 8, Furniture,
at 1711 Turn, street, at 2 o clock. Also, Picture Store, at 119
Fourth street, a; 11 o'clock. - •: ,
By G. H. Umbsen & Co.— Monday, September 13, Real Estate
at 14 MoniGomery street, at 12 o'clock.
WHEN THE OREGON COMES HOME-
REPORTS from Washington are to the effect
that as a result of recent developments in the
international situation, or because of a desire
of the administration to be prepared for emergen
cies, the battleships Oregon and lowa will leave
within the next ten days for the Pacific Coast. The
two vessels are now at the Brooklyn Navy-yard,
where they are being put into proper trim for the
long voyage.
It appears uncertain as yet to what part of the Pa
cific the ships will proceed. Reports are in circula
tion that they will be ordered at once to Manila, but
the prevailing opinion is that they will be attached to
the Pacific station and ordered to some point from
•which they could defend the coast or hasten if
needed to the Philippines. It is, therefore, probable
the two may come to this port and be stationed here
ior some time.
If the plans of the Navy Department are correctly
outlined by these reports, and the Oregon and the
lowa arc about to come to San Francisco, we shall
have an opportunity for a war celebration and a tri
umph of victory of our own fully as enthusiastic as
any witnessed in the Eastern States. Of course the
coming of the two battleships through the Golden
Gate will not be like the grand naval parade of all
the fleet of Sampson at New York, but the occasion
here can be made just as patriotic and as joyous as
was that of the Eastern metropolis.
It is estimated that the two ships will make the run
from New York at about eleven knots an hour, and
that they will reach their destination in the Pacific
early in November. That would bring them to our
harbor at the pleasantest season of the year, when the
fogs have ceased to obscure the bay and before the
rains have set in. It will be worth while, therefore,
for our civic authorities and organizations to find out
from Washington whether the ships are to come to
San Francisco, and if so at what date they will be due,
in order that we may prepare for them a grand re
ception.
It is scarcely necessary to say that such a recep
tion as the one suggested would make as jubilant a fes
tival as San Francisco has ever seen. We are all proud
of the victories achieved by our fleets during the war
with Spain, and particularly so of the splendid record
made by the great battleship built in our own ship
yards. There will be no need of earnest appeals to
arouse enthusiasm at such a reception as that will be.
All classes of our people, men, women and children,
will join the throngs that shout applause when the
Oregon comes home.
TriE OUTPOST.
RESIDENTS of the Mission and all owners of
property in that section of the city are to be
congratulated upon the appearance in the field
of journalism of The Outpost, a weekly devoted
mainly to making known to the general public the
many advantages of that flourishing part of the com
munity, promoting its industries and advancing its
interests.
The new weekly is strongly edited, being under the
charge of E. S. Harrison, one of the progressive
and enterprising of the younger business men of the
State, and \V. C. Morrow, whose reputation in litera
ture is international, and whose accomplishments in
the journalism of the metropolis are familiar to all.
The field which The Outpost has undertaken to fill
is a broad one, and success in its enterprise will re
dound to the benefit of the whole city. It is beyond
all doubting that the Mission district is destined to
become one of the greatest industrial localities of the
United States. It has already far advanced in that
direction. Moreover, it has a distinctive social as
well as business life of its own, and can well afford to
maintain a champion for itself among the newspapers
of the State. For that reason The Outpost may be
regarded as a venture wisely undertaken, and in the
hands of its capable editors will achieve a speedy
reputation for the excellence of its journalistic
methods and the usefulness of its work.
Middle-of-the-road Populists have already nomi
nated their choice for President in 1000. Their ob
ject is to head off fusion. Certain to be licked, they
want the honor of being licked as Populists. It is
rather a doubtful honor, but it is all the campaign
promises them.
President Dole refuses to call on the Hawaiian
Commissioners because he thinks they should first
call on him. This is a very important point. The
world will please stand still while it is being settled.
When a report is sent out that volunteers ordered
to Porto Rico will mutiny rather than obey, the coun
try simply takes the privilege of not believing the
report. ■ .*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1898.
c HINT TO WELLS-FfIRCO.
SEVERAL times there has been necessity for
calling upon the Wells-Fargu Express Com
pany to change its attitude. As it stands with
all four feet in the trough, people are likely to accuse
it of swinish proclivities. As this would doubtless
pain that good man, President Pecksniff Valentine,
the counsel to reform is here repeated.
There is in circulation a pamphlet of apology for
the express company. Besides a plea for mercy,
some fallacious reasoning and a few threats, it con
tains soothing and sustaining editorials from certain
subsidized papers. We scan it vainly for a glimpse
of a Call editorial bearing on the subject, and yet
venture the expression of belief that even to the
Wells-Fargo people these editorials have been inter
esting and instructive. From this pamphlet we
quote one paragraph:
"4. It is certainly most economical for shippers to
furnish the stamp, as any revised express rates in
cluding it would, unavoidably, at least double the
expense to them. It is hoped the people will con
sider this fact, and accept the action of the express
companies as moderate and just, and not withhold
their esteemed good will and patronage from the
express."
Here is a flagrant and impertinent attempt at in
timidation. The company virtually acknowledges
that it ought to pay the tax, but will not; that if
forced to obey the law it will revise its rates so as
to make the shipper more than pay the cost of the
stamp. It is a rogue pleading guilty and impu
dently proclaiming intent to do worse if punished.
Now why should this corporate monopoly be per
mitted to rise superior to the law?
The Wells-Fargo Express Company is a common
carrier, and as such subject to regulation by the Rail
road Commissioners. It will be their duty to bring
it to its senses. This express, company charges from
two to three times the rate charged by similar con
cerns in the East. It is an absolute monopoly, con
trolling every avenue leading to San Francisco. Last
year it paid dividends of 10 per cent on a capitaliza
tion of $8,000,000, and of this capital $7,500,000 is
fictitious. In other words, only half a million capi
tal has been paid into the concern. Seventy-five per
cent of this dividend was derived from California and
90 per cent of the stock is held in the East. Such
are a few of the facts tending to show that this State
owes to Wells-Fargo no debt of gratitude.
Once the company refused to carry the daily papers
unless they would pay for the required stamps. This
the papers refused to do, but they are being carried
just the same, and are not paying for the stamps.
The private citizen has every right of a daily paper.
He can take his parcel to the office, advance the cus
tomary rate and decline to pay for the stamp. If
the company proves obdurate in the case of any in
dividual. The Call will take up his fight for him and
endeavor to force the company to obey the law. Not
only is it just that Wells-Fargo be not permitted to
escape its share of the war tax, but the shocking
spirit of unpatriotism it has displayed merits rebuke.
President Pecksniff Valentine may issue pamphlets
to the delight of his soul, but they will not fool any
body. The concern of which he is the head is trying
a despicable bunko game. There is comfort in know
ing that it is not beyond regulation by the Legisla
ture. Part of the duty of every voter is to see that
men obedient to the orders of such corporations be
not sent to Sacramento. Wells-Fargo people must
be brought to their senses, and if shame fail to impel
them to lead better lives, be forced into decent be
havior anyhow.
"HELLO. CENTRAL."
NEXT to the Wells-Fargo Express Company, the
Telephone Company is perhaps the most ab
solute monopoly in California. Like the for
mer, it is trying to sneak out of payment of its por
tion of the war tax. Of course this is contempti
ble, but the company does not care so long as it can
cinch its patrons, and the patrons make no plaint.
When the tax was first imposed the Telephone
Company announced, as though to obey the law were
a shining virtue, that it would pay the tax. Even
this was a pretense. It paid for the stamps, but
by raising rates to non-subscribers could do this and
have greater profits than before. The remedy for
this is for customers to refuse to submit to the impo
sition. When a stranger desires to talk to an out
of-town point, he is not apt to stop to ascertain that
the regular rate is 30 cents, but will pay 40 on de
mand and go away unaware that he has been robbed.
For the sake of justice, he should first find the regu
lar rate as published and not yield a cent more. In
calmly submitting he wrongs himself and the public,
besides permitting the telephone monopoly to pose
as a patriotic concern, which it is not.
There are other things in common between the
two corporations mentioned. Both are subject to
legislative regulation, and each considers that it is a
law unto itself. Each pays large dividends on West
ern business, and pays them to Eastern stockholders.
The Telephone Company, however, has had a warn
ing it would do well to heed. It was hoped the ex
perience of a Washington (D. C.) concern, disas
trous, but deserved, would serve to make clear to it
the error of its ways, but evidently it must be given
an individual lesson. The next Legislature will have
to deal with it. and thereafter, while it may be no
more patriotic, it may be more discreet.
OUR BOYS AT MANILA.
AS accounts come in of the action of the Califor
nia boys at Manila the people of this State
feel a thrill for the bravery of the »oldiers who
represent them on a distant shore that has been alien,
but where now the stars and stripes are flying. In
the far-away Philippines the flag throws its shadow
upon patriots as valiant as ever defended it. Some of
these patriots are of California, and we glory in them.
Our hearts swell with pride at reading of their cour
age, the unshrinking nerve with which they faced the
foe in the darkness of a tropic night. No soldiers
tried by long campaigning could have done more.
For those who fell there is the tribute of a tear.
Well may they rest. They died for the country which
had sent them forth with blessings, and their memory
shall be held sacred. They died gallantly. Soldiers,
patriots and friends, California mourns for them and
yet glories that when the nation is in peril men such
as these rush to the rescue and offer their lives.
There is nothing to be said about the unspeakable
wretch who bored holes in the bow of a vessel about
to put to sea with a load of passengers. The English
language is barren of terms fitted to describe him.
American doctors are not permitted to practice in
Dawson, but the Canadian Government makes the
concession of not fining the unfortunate people who
die by reason of the consequent neglect.
Perhaps the soldiers have suffered unnecessarily,
but there are no indications that anybody is coming
forward to accept the blame.
General Miles has reached this country, and ad
mits that he really said it
AN EXPLANATION NECESSARY.
AMONG local political organizations the Non-
Partisan, or Deacon Fitch party, looms up as
the most unique known to municipal history.
This party has a "convention," which, we believe,
consists of about fifty prominent citizens, mostly per
sonal friends of Mr. Fitch or relations of each other.
How the "convention" originally came into being has
long since been forgotten. It is sufficient to know
that it was once appointed by somebody — probably
Deacon Fitch — and that from year to year it con
tinues to exist without any other excuse than such as
each one of its members has for living.
Like the British House of Lords, it has no term
of office. Its members are appointed for life. Va
cancies are created only by death or resignation.
Removal from the city does not disqualify a person
to serve as a member of the Non-Partisan convention,
for it is said on reliable authority that several of its
leading spirits reside in Oakland. When the cam
paign comes around all Deacon Fitch does is to blow
a horn, and the Non-Partisans come trooping in from
the suburbs, prepared to nominate a "reform" ticket
to purify the local government.
Mr. Fitch, like his party, is a unique politician.
He does not care how reform is achieved so long as
it gets there. Delegates from Siskiyou, San Diego,
Hawaii or the Philippines would answer his purpose
as well as delegates from Oakland, San Rafael or
Menlo Park.
We do not wish to be understood as disparaging
the purpose for which the Non-Partisan "convention"
exists. Perhaps it is well that it should continue to
hold a club over the heads of the other parties and
threaten them unless they nominate capable men it
will try to defeat them. Some such influence is gen
erally necessary to produce good municipal results.
But, nevertheless, the Non-Partisan party is an ex
ceedingly comical party. It rails at bossism, and yet
Deacon Fitch, its leader, is a boss compared with
whom Boss Croker, the New York potentate, is a
mere pigmy. Croker is compelled to handle his in
struments tenderly and at all times placate them with
offices. Mr. Fitch scorns any such methods. His
marionettes dance without music. He does not even
beat time for them. He merely toucnes the button
and they do his bidding. The deacon must be a
hypnotist.
The Non-Partisan party, however, is not entirely
without political standing. By virtue of votes given
for its candidates two years ago it has a legal right
to a place on the official ballot, and it could, if Deacon
Fitch so desired, organize a very effective local fight.
Why it confines itself to indorsing the candidates of
other parties is therefore a mystery. Six years ago
the Non-Partisans elected the Mayor. Two years
ago they elected a Superior Judge by an overwhelm
ing majority. Presumably if Mr. Fitch should go in
for everything he might, as they say at the race track,
win out. W r hy he does not do so needs explanation.
It is well known that the political bosses trade
offices with each other. The deacon has resolved this
year to indorse only. Can it be possible that he has
made arrangements with McNab, Rainey, Kelly and
the others by which they are to divide up the govern
ment and run it on the co-operative plan? We do
not exactly suspect Boss Fitch, but he is such an ir
responsible political potentate — having a tighter con
vention than any of his colaborers in the domain of
pure politics — that we think a public explanation of
the springs which work his conscience would be ex
ceedingly appropriate. Let us have such an explana
tion.
THE CHINESE IN HAWAII.
AS The Call has ceaselessly insisted would be the
case, the annexation party in Hawaii is out for
a continuance of Chinese labor and immigra
tion in that country.
By late advices we learn that the points made are:
First — The Hawaiian Chinese are much superior
to their countrymen in California.
Second — The exclusion laws of the United States
were intended only for the continental territory of
the United States, and to extend them to extracon
tinental territory since acquired will be going beyond
the intentions of the last treaty with China.
Third — Chinese labor is indispensable in Hawaii.
It does not compete with white labor, which cannot
live there. The industries of the islands will fail and
the planters will be ruined unless Chinese labor is
permitted.
Fourth — The Chinese are orderly and law abiding,
unlike the more truculent and uneasy Japanese, and
therefore should not be discriminated against.
A traverse of these grounds will convince our read
ers of the absolute correctness of The Call's position
in opposing the annexation of Hawaii in the interest
of the sugar production and labor of this coast.
It is not true that white labor can be used as a sub
stitute for coolie labor in Hawaii, and President Dole
knew it when he pretended to want such labor taken
there. We have insisted that after this country was
hoodwinked into annexation its Hawaiian promoters
would have to secure lawful permission to use coolie
labor or submit to the commercial decay of the
islands. Of course they denied this, but the demands
they are now making of the commission which is
framing a government for them prove the insincerity
of their denial.
We desire to say that this is a bad time to bring
home from Hawaii a code of coolie laws. It is not
with any pleasure that we say this, not even with the
feeling of satisfaction which goes with saying "I told
you so."
But it is with profound regret that we contemplate
the situation, and it will be with regret that we will
continue to apprise the people of what is going on
before the commission at Honolulu, where the ar
gument is being made that the United States must
abandon its policy of equality before the law, its one
system under one written constitution, and vary its
legislation to fit various conditions, so that what are
the rights of an American citizen under the flag in
one place will be denied to him under the same flag
in another place.
Such a change is so serious in its import and its far
stretching effects as to cause the greatest disquiet
even when only proposed. What will it cause when it
is accomplished?
English troops have been righting valiantly, but
their officers were not where the bullets flew thickest.
Perhaps discretion is as valuable in war as courage.
The death-list of the American army shows that our
officers sought the same danger to which their men
were exposed.
When humble citizens refuse to obey the law they
go to jail. The express companies refuse to obey
the iaw and to people who indicate displeasure they
say, "What are you going to do about it?" Tweed
used to ask a similar question.
Any person receiving an anonymous gift of food or
drink by mail will be wise to try it on the dog, se
lecting a dog not held in high esteem.
The trouble with the poundkeeper's deputies seems
to be that they think a reputable citizen and a yellow
cur merit exactly the same treatment
RECENT WORK OF THE ARTISTS.
Officers of the Bohemian Club have
made arrangements in New York to pre
sent for hanging In the wardroom of
the battleship Oregon, the magnificent
picture of the ship painted by Charles
Rollo Peters. The picture represents
night on the ocean and the Oregon steam
ing at high speed to join Sampson's fleet
at Key West. The picture, framed in
wood from the famous frigate Hartford,
the flagship of Admiral Farragut, was
purchased by the members of the Bohe
mian Club for presentation to the Oregon.
Irving M. Scott, Clay M. Greene and Jos
eph D. Redding, assisted by the sympa
thetic Lambs Club of New York, have
been detailed by Major James A. Thomp
son, president of the Bohemian institu
tion, to direct the ceremonies of present
ing the picture to the ship. A letter has
been received from Clay Greene in which
the details of the proposed ceremony are
outlined. The painting itself is highly
commended by New York artists.
Alexander Harrison, who is well known
in Europe as one of the first marine paint
ers of the day, is expected to arrive in
this city to-night. Mr. Harrison is the
founder of the school of painting nude fig
ures out of doors. Before he directed his
attention to this form of painting artists
were content to work indoors, with such
effects as a fake landscape scene might
suggest. Figures posed out of doors take
on the color and reflection of the sur
roundings. The success attained by Mr.
Harrison engaged the notice of other lead
ing artists in France and England and
now outdoor posing is quite common.
Alexander Harrison was in San Fran
cisco seventeen years ago. He was then
connected with the Coast Survey but had
time to make little excursions to inland
and thus gained a delightful impression
of the country. For many years he has
entertained with delight the prospect of
revisiting this region. Plans formed a
year ago for a journey hither were set
aside to meet engagements on the other
side of the Atlandtic.
Pictures from the studio of Mr. Har
rison are in every notable gallery of Eu
rope, including the Luxembourg of Paris.
He is a chevalier of the Legion of Honor,
a juror of the Champs do Mars Salon and
a member of the leading associations of
British painters. According to letters and
telegrams received by Charles R. Peters
from Mr. Harrison, the eminent artist
will be in California for a month or six
weeks. Monterey, which seems to pos
sess an irresistible fascination for artists,
will bo one of the first places visited by
Mr. Harrison after resting from his trip
across the continent. The artists who
take an active interest in th* attairs of
the Bohemian Club will arrange a fitting
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
William H. Barton of Fresno Is at the
California.
R. C. Terry, a vineyardlst of Clayton, is
at the Lick.
N. E. de Yoe, a merchant of Modesto,
is at the Lick.
O. McHenry, a banker of Modesto, is at
the Occidental.
William S. Green, the State Treasurer,
Is at the Grand.
M. G. Yuma, a hotel man of Arizona,
Is at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Runyon of Napa
are at the Palace.
Ex-Judpre William P. Veuve of San Jose
is at the California.
William Nichols, a banker of Dutch
Flat, is at the Grand.
Dr. William H. Cope and wife of Pleas
anton are at the Lick.
John McGonigle, a Journalist of Ven
tura, is at the Baldwin.
Jesse Poundstone, a merchant of
Grimes, Is at the Grand.
Charles M. Cassin, a politician of Santa
Cruz, is at the California.
K. A. Erickson, a hotel man of Ba
korsfield, is at the Baldwin.
Mr. and Mrs. William Bailey ana son
of Los Angeles are at the Palace.
Mrs. C. A. Spreckels has returned to the
city and is registered at the Palace.
Isidore B. Dockweiler, the Democratic
politician, of Los Angeles, Is at the Bald
win.
W. P. Fuller and wife and William P.
Fuller Jr. arrived here yesterday and are
at the Palace.
P. C. W. Macdonald, F. L. W. Macdon
ald, C. W. Macdonald and W. W. Mac
donald, the Misses Wageneaar and Scher
der, A. Van Tlener Jansen, H. Van Tiener
Jansen and T. Van Tiener Jansen ar
rived yesterday from Aptos to attend a
family celebration in this city.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.— William Man
ning of San Francisco Is at the Hoffman.
F. P. Perkins of Los Angeles is at the St.
Denis. E. Williard of San Francisco, S.
Sanborn and 11. Phillips of Pasadena
have gone to Paris.
TEMPLES M/vDE WITH HANDS.
With reverent and unceasing care,
Striving to make divinely fair
That house of God, the human thought.
Scholars have tolled and saints have
wrought
With passionate zeal, the centuries
through,
To shape man's mind and soul unto
A certain form, a certain creed.
Like some great minster-shrine. Indeed,
Clear-carven, stately, aisled, and dim.
"Behold God's house! Come, worship
him,"
They cry. "He dwelleth only here!
Acknowledge him with holy fear."
Yet, lo! outside the temple walls
God's sunshine just as sweetly falls;
Beyond Its outer gate still lies
A world of pain and sacrifice;
Beyond that world, a universe
Not to be summed in prayer or verse.
Omnipotence must stlfl transcend
The finite mind that knows no end.
And still life's questions, still life's needs,
Must overflow all human creeds;
Nor is God's majesty so small
That human hearts can hold it all.
Always the temple which we raise
Shuts out the sound of wider praise,
Shuts out the glories of the light
Which streams from out the infinite;
Always our bonds of time and space
Limit our vision of God's face.
We know in part— how then can we
Make plain each heavenly mystery?
Yet still the Almighty understands
Our human hearts, our human hands,
And, overarching all our creeds,
Gives his wide presence to our needs.
— Prlscllla Leonard In The Outlook.
PASSING PLEASANTRIES.
Mistress (about to engage a new house
keeper)— Have you had any eperience?
Applicant— Oh, yes, mum. I've been in
'undreds of sitiwatlons! — Punch.
"What' ls a decadent?"
"A decadent? Well, he is a man who
borrows money to pay his board while he
writes morbid poetry that he can't sell." —
Detroit Free Press.
Mrs. Enpeck— The philosophers tell us
that blessings often come to us in dis
guise,
Mr. Enpeck (with a sudden show of spir
it)— Say, Maria, when are you going to
unmask? — Cleveland Leader.
"Won't you miss the news and bustle of
war in the country?"
"No; I'm going to take Jimmy and Bob
by, and they nave only one gun and
drum between them." — Detroit Free Press.
"I understand she went to the theater
while she was away, in spite of the fact
that she was in mourning," said the
neighborhood gossip.
"Yes; she did," answered the friend of
the absent one.
"And they say that of all things, she
went to see a comic opera."
"That'B so, too; but it's all right. She
explained it all to me very carefully. The
piece was the 'Black Hussar.' "—Chicago
Post.
Hattie — So you and Jack quarreled, did
you?
Ella— Yes; he said something that I
didn't like, and I told him we must be
strangers henceforth.
Hattie— And did he fall on his knees and
ask you to forgive him?
Ella— Not he. You see— that is, his kne9s
were occupied at the time.— Chicago
News.
function in honor of Mr. Harrison some
time during his sojourn in this city.
The representatives of the painting
fraternity in San Francisco are not roll
ing in Wealth, but some of the painters
are quite busy. Joseph D. Strong, is ex
hibiting industry, talent and portraits.
His greatest success in portraits is tne
picture of William Greer Harrison. Por
traits of Colonel George W. Granniss and
Ignatz Steinhart command attention. Mr.
Strong is painting, for the Bohemian
Club, a picture of William Sproule, and
the portrait will grace the walls of the
club room, as Mr. Sproule is an ex-presi
dent of the institution. According to a
custom honored in the observance
space must be provided for the picture of
every ex-presldent of the club. Occasion
ally'a man is re-elected, for the second
term. In that event he gets two pictures
of himself, one for each term.
H. J. Breuer is painting the cartoon for
the midsummer high jinks this year. The
picture will join the collection in which
such artists as Tavernler, Hill, Keith,
Stanton, Robinson, Liatimer, Williams
and Strong are represented.
This term John A. Stanton Is the prin
cipal teacher of the school of design,
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art. Arthur
Mathews is in Kurope pursuing favorite
studios, and Stanton is at the hea<l of
the school. Chapel Judaon is teacher of
the night class. Under the progressive
administration of Joseph D. Grant, presi
dent of the association, the school is
prospering, while tho affairs of the insti
tute generally receive prompt attention,
Mr. Stanton gets t'mp to do a little out
side work. He is painting a drop curtain
for Mayor x'helan's theater at San Jose.
The curtain ought to be a joy forever,
as It is a thing of beauty. The scene rep
resents a wooded suburb of Paris whtn
the empire was flourishing. Foliage en
chanting in color, women appropriately
clothed arid decently posed, are some of
the original suggestions of the Mayor's
curtain.
The tented field incident to the war
gives the artists opportunity to diversify
their work. "The Camp at the Cross" Is
the title of a beautiful and strikingly ef
fective picture painted by Charles Rollo
Peters. The figure of a sentinel near a
camp fire, the light in a tent not far dis
tant and the Lone Mountain cross in bold
outline attracts instant notice. The ni^ht
scene in camp represents the best of
much good work In this line recently
done by Mr. Peters. The painting may
remain in San Francisco. Several Mon
terey night scenes painted by this artist
have been purchased in England.
C. D. Robinson, whose success as a
marine painter cannot be disputed, has
been working for some time on an am
bitious painting to represent the sailing
through the Golden Gate of the first ex
pedition for Manila,
DOOM OF THE
FIVE GEORGES
The Fateful Handwriting on the
Greenroom Wall and a Strange
Prophecy.
"The Handwriting on the Greenroom
Wall; or, the Fate of the Five Georges,"
would be a good title for a short story
based on a simple incident connected with
a dressing-room in the Alcazar Theater.
Years ago, when that popular playhouse
was new, it so happened that there were
five Georges in the company during a cer
tain season, and they were all assigned
to one dressing-room. Furthermore, they
were jolly, congenial spirits, bravely
struggling toward the helghta of fame
and emolument. These live Georges were
Osbourne, Webster, McConnick, Galloway
and Newhall. Incidentally Webster wrote
his name and those of his roommates
upon the ceiling of the room, and in the
fatality of the record it was a case of
"Thmlast shall be first."
It was on a Saturday afternoon, and
these young men had been at a Jolly ..in
ner, and after the feast Webster in a
sentimental mood wrote the names. He
also made a prophecy. In which he stated
that In the order in which the names were
written so would the possessors succeed
In their histrionic career, and that the
black curtain would ring down on them
in a reverse order— that the last named
would be the first to go to celestial scenes
of conquest.
Notwithstanding the jest was made
while under the mellowing influences of a
big dinner and a persistent brand of wine,
it is still something to marvel at. Days,
weeks, months and years were rolled
back into the scroll of eternity, and natu
rally the inscriptions on the wall grew
dim and faded Into illegibility. Out of the
five tracings only a part of two remain—
"Geo. Osb- — " and "George W ," and
it appears to be only a matter of a short
time when these lines will have been ob
literated.
The next peculiar and fatal phase of the
written record is the fact that as the
names faded from the last toward the
first, the doomed actor passed from the
mimic to the mystic world. McCormick
fell from a defective platform in the
Baldwin Theater, broke his collarbone.
Injured his lungs and died shortly or
quick consumption. Galloway went about
the same time, and only recently Mitchell
dropped dead on the stage of an Eastern
theater during a performance. Webster
for some time was on the highway of
prosperity with J. A. Brady, and is now
leading a company on the coast circuit
In another way "Webster's prophecy has
been proved true, for Osbourne, whose
name heads the list, has won the great
est prominence as an actor among the
five Georges.
He does not particularly admire the
manner in which his name is fading from
the ceiling, and, while he feels healthy
and strong, under the prediction Webster
should go next and the famous "creator of
the character of "Indian Jack" in "Chls
pa" is deeply concerned as to the health
of his last remaining chum of the quin
tet—Webster.
"It is rathor a weird story." paid Os
bourne the other day while talking of what
had happened to the five Georges, "and
the way the record on the wall is fading
away It will soon be my turn to go un
less Webster succeeds in dodging the
hoodoo of the prophecy. However, I am
not losing any sleep over the proposition
that I will go before my time. My name
still remains sufficiently plain to warrant
the belief that I will be here long enough
to carry out much that I have under
taken before Fate erases the last letters
from the wall and I read my closing
lines."
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A SUNDAY IN MAY-S.. City. The
10th of May, 1807, fell on a Sunday.
TO GOTHENBURG— M. E., Oakland,
Cal. The shortest route from San Fran
cisco to Gothenburg. Sweden, is via New
York and London; distance 8005 miles.
THE REGENTS-A. O. S., Alameda,
Cal. The board of regents of the Uni
versity of California meets on the second
Tuesday of each month. It has no fixed
time for adjourning.
CLAUS SPRECKELS— Subscriber, City
Claus Spreckels was born in Lamstedt,
Kingdom of Hanover, July 9, i§2B He
came from Bremen to Charleston in 1848
and to San Francisco in July, 1856 *
LIME POINT ROAD— S., City. Civilians
are not allowed on the military road th« 4
leads from Sausalito around Lime Point
to Point Bonita, without a permit fro*
the commander of the reservation.
There is a road from Sausalito via
Wildwood Glen to the Summit that leads
to the lighthouse.
BURNING A HOUSE— L. M. C, Mount
Olivet, Cal. A list of cases published in
the Penal Code under the section devoted
to arson has the following citations: "It
is not arson to burn one's own property (S
Grattan, 627; 2 Pic; 320, 12 Up. Can., C. P.
163.) unless it be accompanied by an in
tent or a design to injure some other per
son."
SANTIAGO— D. T., City. One person
may pronounce Santiago as if written
Santlwago, another may pronounce it
Santi-a-go and others may pronounce It
as if written Santi-ah-go, as there is no
law that prevents any one from pronounc
ing that name as he or she feels Inclined;
but the best authorities hold that it
should be pronounced San-te-a-go, with
the sound of a as in far, c as in mete
and o as in note.
JAMES A. GARFIELD— P. I*. City.
James A. Garfield, President of the United
States, was shot by Charles J. Guiteau,
in the waiting-room of the Baltimore and
Potomac Railroad, in Washington, D. C.,
July 2, 18BL He died at Blberon, N. J.,
September 19, the sunn- year, from the
effects of the wound Indicted, and was
buried on the 26th of the same month.
Guiteau was tried, convicted and on tne
30th of June, ISS2, was executed.
PAWNBROKER'S CHARGES— G. L.
A., City. In this State if a pawnbroker
charges more than 2 per cent as interest
on a pledge he is guilty of a m isd e m ? an l'J-
Neither are pawnbrokers allowed to re
ceive more than 2 per cent nterest. In
case a party has an article inP«Beln
the regular way and then wants to re
deem it, offering the principal and inter
est at the rate of 2 per cent, and the
pawnbroker refuses to 16
same, the party can have him arrested.
PROJECTILES— J. B. X., City. The
question asked in regard to projectiles is
one that cannot be answered in a gen
eral way. It involves the theory of pro
jectiles- the scientific statement of the
path or trajectory, as it is called of a
body projected into space in a direction
inclined to that of gravitation^ and l re
quires such a technical definition that it
could not be given in the limited space
allotted to this department. _\A ,oulfl ad
vise you to go to the free public library
and there consult works on modern gun
nery rifled ordnance, the theory of pro
jectiles and other works of that char
acter. __
BAGGAGE— W. P. S., City. The law of
this State says that "whenever any
trunk, carpet bag, valise, box, bundle or
other baggage has come into the posses
sion of any hotel, inn, boarding house or
lodging house keeper as 3Uch and has
remained or shall remain unclaimed for
six months, such keeper may proceed to
sell the same at public auction, and out
of the proceeds retain the charges for
storage if any, and advertising the
sale " The sale cannot be made until af
ter 'four weeks after publication of the
first notice. Lodging house keepers have
a lien on the property of guests or lodg
ers, and may hold such until all charges
are' paid.
GARNISHMENT— Subscriber, Visalia,
Cal. The law of California is that "the
earnings of the judgment debtor for his
personal services rendered at any time
within thirty days next preceedlng the
levy of execution or attachment, when it
appears by the debtor's affidavit, or oth
erwise, that such earnings are necessary
for the use of his family residing in this
State, supported in whole or in part by
his labor, are exempt from execution,
but where debts are incurred by any such
person or his wife or family, for the
common necessaries of life, the one-half
of such earnings above mentioned are,
nevertheless, subject to execution, gar
nishment or attachment to satisfy debts
so incurred."
A bill for professional service is due the
moment the service has been rendered,
and the individual rendering such service
can present It at once and demand pay
ment.
BILLS OF FARE IN FRENCH— X M.
0., City. Bills of fare for formal dinners,
especially for official and semi-official
banquets, are printed in French as a mat
ter of fashion derived from European
customs. For a long time French was
the court language in Europeaji countries,
and Is still more generally used than any
other language as a medium of corre
spondence and of conversation, not only
in the various courts and in polite soci
ety, among peoples of different nationali
ties', but at hotels, on railway cars, other
public conveyances and in restaurants,
also between travelers and guides. Time"
was when it was the custom among dip
lomatic officers of all nations to conduct
diplomatic correspondence in French, but
that is passing away and each diplomatic
or consular officer is at liberty to use his
own language to write official documents,
but the French, for the other purposes,
is still almost a necessity for travelers.
This, together with the fact that French
cooks still have the reputation of being
the best in the -world, and that many of '
the finest dishes receive their names from
French inventors, will help to account for
the fact that at grand dinners the bills
of fare are printed in French. "Potage
a la reine" would sound very common
place if given on the bill of fare as
"Queen soup," as also would a great
many other dishes that go to make up
a French dinner.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
■ m ■
Special information , supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
;—; — ■ m ■ — :: — ■ . ■
Old Flemish, Old Dutch and Gray Oaks,
Mahogany, Cherry, Bone Ebony, Mat
Gilts and Fine Bronze are the finishes in
picture frames this fall, and they go well
with platlnotypes, plain and colored
photographs, etchings, ■ engravings and
water colors. Sanborn, "Vail & Co. have
everything in these lines ,at reasonable
prices. •
At a sale by Messrs. Christie in London
of old English silver and jewels, a Scot
tish mazer bowl, bearing Glasgow hall
marks, probably of 1700, from which Wil
liam, Earl of Kilmarnock, took his last
meal before his execution in 1746, fetched
$1000.
First and Second
Claps rates again reduced via the Santa Fo
route. Call at the new ticket office, 628 Market.
SICK HEADACHE ABSOLUTELY AND
permanently cured by using : Mokl Tea. A
pleasant herb drink. Cures constipation and
Indigestion, makes you eat, . sleep, work and
happy. Satisfaction guaranteed or money
back. At No Percentage Pharmacy.
,■ ♦ ■
Camp life is more pleasant with a bottle of
Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitters. Prevent* ill
effects of bad water, dysentery, , etc.
■ ♦ ■
Mr. Dusen, a German traveler who re
cently explored the west coast of Pata
gonia, says that mosses of all species are
developed there to an extraordinary de
gree. They grew in immense heaps, the
explorer sinking to his armpits in some of
them.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Baking Powder
Most healthful
leavener in
the world.
Goes farther.
_ WOYAL BAKINO POWDER CO., NSW VOHK.WILL INSPECT
THE SOLDIERS
Governor Lord to Review
Oregon Recruits.
WILL SEE TO THEIR CARE
TENNESSEE'S TROOPS MAKE NO
COMPLAINTS.
An Enlisted Man Says the Men of
the Regiment Are Well
Treated and Ready
to Obey Orders.
It Is reported that Governor L*>rd of
Oregon is coming to San Francisco to in
quire into the condition and treatment of
the Oregon recruits who are attached to
the Third Battalion of the Twenty-third
Infantry. He will lind upon investigation
that he has been misinformed, as these
recruits have been well treatt-d and are
well officered. The men themselves will
testify to that fact. In this connection
General Miller yesterday sent the follow
ing communication to Adjutant General
Field of the Department of California:
"In reply to tel( grams of September 6
from the Emergency Corps and Ked Cross
Society, I would state that I personally
inspected the battalion of Oregon volun
teers this morning. There are five good
officers, four of whom are regulars, in
charge of the battalion of recruits. The
men are well equipped, are well fed and
happy, and one of the best drilled bat
talions in the Bervice. No one appeared to
want to be mustered out as long as there
was a chance for foreign service. Thtre
was an apparent justification for this re
port three weeks ago, owing to the en
vironment of the troooß of Camp Merritt,
and a change of officers attached to it on
account of ofiicrrs who had been attached
going to Manila or Honolulu. The bat
talion would ht> pleased to have the Gov
ernor of the Slate visit it again and see
the fine condition it is in. 1 recommend
that they be not mustered out as long as
there is a chance of their Joining their
regiment."
NO COMPLAINT TO MAKE
A Member of the Tennessee
Regiment "Roasts" a
Kicker.
A private of the First Tennessee Regi
ment, signing himself "An Enlisted
Man," writes to The Call as follows:
"In The Call of the 7th I see an article
addressed to Hugh Craig, president pf
the Chamber of Commerce, and signed,
'The Enlisted Men of the First Tennessee
Regiment," thereby implying that said ar
ticle voiced the sentiment of the entire
regiment of over 1200 men. Now, I am
an enlisted man and I have talked with
a great many enlisted men, and have
never yet met one who knew anything
about such a letter having been written,
nor have I seen one Who is not indignant
•over such an article being accredited to
the regiment, Every enlisted man in our
regiment enlisted to serve for two years
or until the war is over. The war is not
over, neither have we served two years,
and until we have fulfilled our agreement
with the Government, we ha\ - e neither
the inclination nor the right to ask for a
discharge. Being an enlisted man, I
know as much about the sentiment of
this regiment as the man who signs him-
Belf 'The Enlißted Men of the First Ten
nessee'; and I know that a majority of
this regiment is willing to fulfill its obli
gations to the Government. As for the
men not getting enough to eat, I will say
I weigh 185 pounds, and eat accordingly,
nnd I have never yet failed to get enough
to eat, and I will venture to assert that
7r> i>er cent of th*» men in this regiment |
weigh more to-day than the day they |
enlisted.
"I know of one man in this regiment
who is a chronic kicker. I have Known
him and his people for years, and I know
that he never in all his life had as much
to eat as he has had since he joined the
army. This class of men always kick. A
majority of us are men and soldiers, and
not afraid to serve our country in time of
peace or time of war."
To Aid Capt. Richter's Family.
Major General Dickinson, Brigadier
General Warfleld. Colonel Thomas It
riuff. Colonel Macdonald, Colonel Huber,
Major Wegener and Major Schmitt met
yesterday afternoon to consider the mat
ter of an entertainment to be_ given for
the benefit of the family of Captain Rich
ter of Company I, First California In
fantry, l^. S. V.
It was determined to give the enter
tainment, if possible, on the 24th of this
month, and Colonel Cluff, Colonel Huber,
Colonel Miles, Colonel Giesting and Ma
|or Wegener were appointed a committee
of organization to make all necessary
preparatory arrangements.
Leading German societies and organi
sations nave expressed their desire to
participate, and their representatives will
be Invited to meet with the nucleus of
the committee on Saturday next, when
tnoy will be added to the committee.
Nothing will be left undone to make the
pntertnlnment a financial success. Can
tain Richter left a widow and four chil
3ren, the eldest 12 years of age. His sal
ary as an officer was their Hole depen-
Sence. He was killed at Manila, whore
the members of the First California
Regiment did such magnificent work.
General Greene Coming Home,
Brigadier General Greene has cabled
Major Rathbone that he will arrive in
San Francisco from Manila on or about
the 21st of September on the China and
proceed at once to Washington on Im
portant business.
Presidio Notes.
The work of mustering out the Sixth
md Seventh California regiments is now
fairly well under way, and in about two
«vro,ks these commands will be ready to
proceed to their resnective points of ren-
Jezvous to be furloughed for thirty days
prior to being discharged from the serv
ice.
Private J. C. Taylor, Company M, First
Tennessee Regiment, recently tried by a
rourt-mnrtial for conduct prejudicial to
pood order and military discipline, was
found guilty and sentenced to twenty
Jays' hard labor and to forfeit five dollars
at his pay. The offense committed by
Tavlor was "talking back" to an officer.
T*he Fifty-first lowa and Sixth Cali
fornia regiments wore paid off yesterday
for July and August.
The Convalescent Home at the Presidio
KO.S opened yesterday without any cere
mony. Major Matthews sent ten of the
lonvalescenta over. Ther' is room for
twenty more, and they will be sent from
;he Division Hospital from day to day.
Captain A. H. Otis, Company A, First
Washington, will leave for SpcKane to
night upon a thirty days' furlough.
THE CRYSTAL, SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
n-ater tub and swimming baths, North Beach.
SHIP-BUILDERS BUSY.
Mechanics at the Union Iron Works
Bushing to Completion Ves
sels Under Way.
The Japanese cruiser Chetoae, now un-
Jer construction at the Union Iron
IVorks, will be ready for her official trial
in sixty days. When accepted she will
r<> to Japan and there take on her arma
nent of Armstrong guns, as that type of
leavy ordnance has been adopted for the
fapanese navy.
The torpedo boat destroyer Farragut
las been thoroughly overhauled and will
>c able to make her final official trial the
lrst of next week. The builders are now
latlsfied, fi«om her prior performances,
:hat the trim craft will come fully up to
requirements.
The battle-ship Wisconsin will be
lunched on November 26 next.
On the Ist of next month the steel-hulled
!erry boat Berkeley will glide off the
ways.
Hardtmuth'i "Koh-I-Noor" lead penc
rill outlast three other*. Try it. •
WAS ON FIRE
IN MIDOCEAN
Suffocated Three of the
Kenilworth's Crew.
FOUND DEAD IN THEIR BUNKS
A SAILOR AND TWO FISHERMEN
DROWNED.
Second Mate Smith of the Steamer
Westport Loses His Life While
Running Lines at Bear
Harbor.
A few weeks ago the news was cabled
to the Merchants' Exchange that the
American ship Kenilworth had put into
Valparaiso on fire while on her way from
Hilo, 11. 1., for New York with a cargo
of sugar. The death of the captain, first
mate and cabin boy were reported later,
rind at one time there were fears of foul
play, as Captain Baker wag known to
have had a very "tough" crew. The fol
lowing extract from the ship's log, which
reached here yesterday, gives full par
ticulars of the disaster and sets all doubts
on the matter at rest.
"The Kenilworth sailed from Hilo on
May 22. On July 8 at 3 p. m., when in
south latitude 46 degrees 14 minutes, west
longitude 110 degrees 21 minutes, the car
go was found to be on lire. An hour
later, as the lire was assuming a serious
character, the captain decided to bear up
for Valparaiso. To effect this he altered
the course of the vessel to northeast
one-quarter north.
"At midnight the second officer went to
the captain's cabin and was horrified to
find the master of the ship dead. He had
been suffocated to death. All the doors
had been closed on account of the cold
weather, and the gases from the burn
ing cargo had gßthered in the after cab
in and caused death. The first mate was
also found suffocated, and the body of the
ship's buy, who was sleeping in the cab
in, his own room having been destroyed
by fire, was found close to that of the
mate. A passenger named G. E. Thrum
was found In a very critical state, but
was got on deck and he linally recov
ered.
"The bodies of the captain, first mate
and boy were buried in south latitude 40
degrees 05 minutes west, longitude 115 de
grees 25 minutes. The names of the dead
are J. G. Baker, captain, 01 years; Ar
thur B. Piper, first officer, 30 years; Heii
ry W. Hobson, boy, 16 years. The lire
continued until the ship arrived in Val
paraiso."
The Kenilworth was taken to Valpa
raiso by Second Officer V. H. Generat,
and as soon as the news of the disaster
reached New York Captain Murphy of
the Shenandoah was sent out to take
command of the vessel. Mr. Thrum, the
passenger who so nearly lost his life, was
the bookkeeper of the Papaicu sugar
plantation, and was making the trip on
the Kenilworth for his health.
The Alaska Packers' Association
steamer President, which arrived from
Nushagak Hay yesterday, brings the news
of the drowning of three fishermen.
Hugo Aklquist and Hans Anderson went
out rishlng In a small boat. During the
night It began to blow and the little boat
was driven on a quicksand spit and cap
sized. Next day the men were missed,
and a search party was organized.
Charles Olsen, mate of the schooner
North Bend, and Captain Parker of the
ship Oriental, went out along with the
party, and both of them were capsized
out of their Bkin boats. Mate Olsen was
drowned, but Captain Parker was res
cued. All three bodies were recovered
during the day and were buried at Nush-
agag.
While the President was lying at
Nushagak the river steamers Viva
and Victorian, bound for the Yukon,
put in for coal. Captain Yorke (broth
er of the Rev. Father Yorke) and
Captain P. Lewis, masters of the two
vessels, went in a small boat to the
President. On their way back the frail
craft capsized, and had it not been for
.the prompt manner in which the Presi
dent's crew got out a boat, both of them
would have been drowned. Captain Yorke
was completely exhausted when taken
out of the water, and it was several days
before he recovered from the effects of
his immersion.
The Viva was two months out from the
Sound, and her crew was surprised to
hear of the war with Spain. A steam
schooner undertook to tow the Viva and
another river steamer to St. Michael. The
Job was too much for the steam schoon
er, so the Viva was cut adrift and told
to shift for herself.
The steamer Westport got In from Bear
Harbor yesterday with her flags at half
mast. The vessel arrived at Bear Har
bor on September 5 at 7 a. m. Charles
Smith, the second mate, got into the boat
to run a line to the wharf. There was a
heavy swell at the time and the boat cap
sized. Smith made a bold struggle for his
life but went down before assistance
reached him. His body was not recov
ered and the chances are that the under
tow took it out to sea.
The British tramp steamer Condor has
been chartered by the United States Gov
ernment to carry supplies to the soldier
boys at Manila. She is being loaded with
provisions at Lombard street wharf and
will get away early next week.
The United States steamer Albatross re
turned from Aeapulco yesterday. Bhe
went to the Central American port to look
out for Uncle Sam's Interests during the
revolution In Guatemala, but the fighting
was all over when she got there.
The party of gold hunters that came
here from New York on the bark Agate
are not going direct to the Klondike. As
soon as the vessel is provisioned they will
sail for Cooks Inlet a.n<l will thoroughly
prospect that part of the country before
heading for Dawson. After landing her
passengers at Cooks Inlet the Agate will
be brought back to San Francisco and will
go into the coasting trade.
Captain Charles Rock of the bark Rode
rick Dhu has decided to retire from the
sea and turn fanner. For nearly 50 years
he lias been a sailor and for 29 years has
sailed in and out of the Golden Gate as
master of San Francisco owned vessels.
He now thinks he is entitled to a rest
a«hore. Capt&in Rock's first command
was the schooner Edward Lewis, after
which he was master of the Fairy Queen
and the bark Emma Augusta. Then he
built and sailed the schooner Martha W.
Tuft and from her went to the schooner
Premier. Later he was master of the
ships Sumatra and Detroit and then made
one of four who purchased the ship Lev!
G. Burgess. He commanded her for a
time and then purchased into the bark
Harvester. After that he was master of
the steamer Daisy Kimball and bark
Annie Johnson, and three years ago went
Into the fine steel bark Roderick Dhu.
When Captain Rock and others purchased
the Roderick Dhu she was a British ship,
but he changed her rig and put her under
the Hawaiian flag. Although ho has
taken to farming Captain Rock will not
turn his back altogether on the sea as he
still retains his interest in at least a
dozen vet-sels.
Captain Johnson of the bark Santiago
who succeeds Captain Rock on the, Rode
rick Dhu Is one of the ablest of the pres
ent generation of masters. He was form
erly mate of the brig Lurline and then
succeeded Captain Rook as master of the
bark Harvester. From that vessel ho was
promoted to the bark Santiago and next
Saturday will take the Roderick Dhu out
on her voyage to Hilo. The vessel has a
large passenger list .and a full cargo.
Vennonters Will Entertain.
The regular monthly entertainment of
Native Sons of Vermont will be held to
morrow night in Odd Fellows' Hall. The
programme follows: Overture, Delle
plane's orchestra; Charles and Bob Car
lisle in a sketch, "Chums"; Columbia
Quartet, J. C. Flood, F. A. Grlffing J. C.
O'Donnell and S. J. Daley; solo, Mrs. C.
W Hallowell; a one-act military comedy
drama, "Away Down bouth," presented
by Reginald Trovers, Kenneth McLeod,
Frank Foley, Frank I. McCauley, J. w.
Brier Warren King, George Edwards,
Miss Clara May Russell and Miss Clau
dlne Costanzo.
Asthma, Bronchitis, Catarrh cure guaranfd. Dr.
Oordln, Sanitarium, 514 Pine, nr. Kearny, B.F.CaL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1898.
The American Ship Kenilworth, That Had a Narrow Escape From
Destruction by Fire in the South Pacific Seas.
THE VEXATIONS OF
LANDLORD COLE
| TROUBLE IN A HOUSE CAUSED
BY SERGEANT WOLFE.
The Officer Is a Nephew of Chief Lees
and Is Therefore Haughty
and Domineering.
•A communication to the Board of Police
Commissioners wherein Police Sergeant
R. Wolfe is mentioned in a manner that
is not calculated to inspire confidence in
his ability as a guardian of the peace
was promptly referred by the Commis
sioners to Chief Lees, and by the latter
functionary' promptly transferred to his
nephew, the aforesaid Sergeant Wolfe.
From all accounts Wolfe is clearly of
the opinion that this is the proper sea
son to howl, and the place to do the
howling Is at the door of W. A. Cole.
The sergeant occupies rooms in the house
at 730 O' Fan-ell street. Cole leased the
premises from Madison & Burtce and
sought to keep an orderly lodging-house.
He fancied that his purpose in this re
spect could be easier of accomplishment
if Wolfe would betake himself to other
lodgings. A notice was therefore served
on the sergeant which might be fairly
translated to mean that Wolfe's room
was better than his company. The fric
tion between Wolfe and his landlord was
caused in a measure by lodging-house
gossip in which several parties partici
pated. Wolfe treated the notice to leave
with lofty scorn, and threatened to "mix
things" with Cole if the attempt to force
him out was not abandoned. Cole re
sponded with a threat to call the patrol
wagon and have Wolfe run in as a dis
turber of the peace. This enraged the
sergeant, who asserted that no patrol
wagon would ever leave the station on
orders other than those issued by him
self. The row now began to take on beau
tiful proportions.
Some school-teachers living in the house
sided with the police. Dr. Kuhlman, living
on Jones street, who had rendered on
August 22 a bill of $10 against Cole for
Erofessional services, intervened uy
ringing suit to recover $2^9 from Cole.
Somehow the City Hall gang always
stands in, and Cole soon found all tne
money due him tied up by garnlshee,
growing out of the account for Kuhlman's
professional services. Cole had to pet
Attorney John Durst to come to his res
cue. To-day the lawyer will submit the
facts to Justice Kerrigan. Cole mean
while raised the money to pay another
month's rent in advance, and so holds the
fort at 730 O'Farrell street, but the fort
still holds Wolfe.
What the outcome of the contest will be
no one can foretell. Cole has everything
that he possesses tied up in the fortunes
of the house. He could live in peace here
after as he did before he met Wolfe if
the latter and his sympathizers would en
gage accommodations elsewhere. Cole
represents to Messrs. Alvord, Tobin and
Gunst. the Honorable Police Commission
ers, that Wolfe is a bad man, but the
Commissioners do nothing but refer the
matter to Chief Lees, who is Wolfe's
uncle, and Lees in turn asks Wolfe to In
vestigate himself.
Cole is a graduate of the University of
California, Several of his classmates hold
high official positions. He is a chemist
and electrician, whose services have been
sought by prominent firms in* San Fran
cisco. He is commended as a man of
high character for integrity and industry.
The indications are that his friends will
rally and present a force sufficient to cope
with the bulldozing tactics of the ruuianly
police and the City Hall gang.
FOR FREEDOM AND ROSETTE.
The Fast Greyhounds Will Meet at
Union. Coursing Park on
Sunday.
Coursing at Union Park on Friday,
Saturday and Sunday will consist of a
produce stake, a selling stake and a
champion stake. The names of the dogs
entered for the produce stake appeared in
yesterday's Call. Last evening the
drawings for the other stakes were hell
at Pythian Castle and resulted as fol
lows:
Champion stake, twelve dogs, total prize
money $440. Entries— Russell & Wilson's Jen
nie Wilson vs. J. J. Warren's Sweet Lips; Cur
tis & Son's Maud S vp. Pasha Kennel's Firm
Friend; George Whitney's Theron vs. A. John
son's Mountain Beauty; Curtis & Son's Rosette
vs. Pasha Kennel's For Freedom; Curtis &
Son's Cavalier vs. E. & R. Soott's Lord Byron;
R. E. de Lopez' Green Valley Maid vs. J. Con
nell's Log Boy.
Selling stake, forty-eight dogs, total prize
money <602 80. Entries— D. Harper's Bendalong
vs. P. Ward's Ruth Ashmore; Yosemlte Ken
nel's Lucerne vf. T. A. Fanning'. 1 ? Babe
Murphy; Pembrook Kennel's Magic vh. J. j.
Smith's Bendlgo; E. & R. Scott's Wlldflower
vs. M. Nenlon's Van Knapp; J. McNeil's
Sportsman vs. J. McCormlck's White Tip;
Simmons & Donohoe's Sylva Nlte vs. Bart°ll
Brothers' Bryant; J. S^ggerson's White Chief
vf. J. McNeil's Revenge; O. Walsh's Little
Doubt vs. T. J. Cronln's Reliable; Yoatmlte
Kennel's Bonfire vs. H. & W. Kennel's Bur
lington; J. J. Edmonds' Morning Glory vs. J.
E. Watson's Sky Queen; T. E. McEldowney's
Rapid vs. J. Monkhouse's Black Pete; M. Al
len's Knthleen vs. M. Cussak's Golden Eagle;
R. Strehl's Jimmy Cork vs. T. Hayes' Mission
Bojrj O. L. Wlllet's Jerpey Lily vs. E. & R.
Scott's Tocoloma; A. Johnson's Llssnk vs.
Pasha Kennel's Ampahoe; K. <S- R. Scott's Sel
dom vs. Pasha Kennel's Alameda: M. Allen's
Rosalten vf. O. A. Hoagh's Decorator; H.
Borren's Jimmy Hope vs. H. Duane's Defender-
R. Strehl's Star Pointer vb. T. McEldowney's
The Gossoon; Pierce & Sullivan's Santa Bella
vs. J. McCiirmick's White Lily; T. Esqulvel's
Peaceful Glpn vs. R. B. Kay's Eclipse; Pasha
Kennel's Gallant Foe vs. W. C. Erben's Vigi
lant; F. Murphy s Gilt Edge vs. R. Strehl's
Skylark; O. A. Hoagh's Obadiah vs. E. & R.
Scott's Dr. Norman.
The championship stake, according to
Announcer Hathon, will not be run until
Saturday, but as the dogs en
tered are of high-class breeding the pa
trons of the grand old sport may certain
ly count upon seeing particularly fine
coursing. The great dog, For Freedom
will meet on this occasion the speedy lit
tle flyer. Rosette, and among leashmen
are many who will play the short end. as
Rosette is running well In form and may
possibly bowl over the kingpin of the
coursing field. Judge Bull will be In the
saddle and ready to pass Judgment on
the first brace of dogs on the arrival of
the first train from the city.
Estates in Probate.
William Scott, who died on August 2f,
1896, left an $8000 estate to his wife, Hesaie
McKean Scott.
The estate of Henry Hofman, who died
on the 30th ult., Is by the terms of his
will to be distributed between his broth
ers, nieces, cousins and certain benevolent
associations. It Is estimated that the es
tate Is worth over $10,000.
A RETURN TO THE
ROMANCE OF YOUTH
WEDDING ANNIVERSARY LIKE
UNTO THE ORIGINAL.
The Macdonalds of Aptos Come Here
in Teams to Celebrate Their
Silver Wedding.
The register of the Occidental Hotel
was filled yesterday with names of parties
who reside In Aptos. They are P. C. W.
Macdonald, F. L. W. Macdonald, C. W.
Macdonald, W. W. Macdonald, the Misses
Wageneaar and Scherder, A. Van Tiernan
Jansen, H. Van Tiernan Jansen and T.
Van Tiernan Jansen. Back of this visit
to the city is a story running through
twenty-five years and which discloses a
bit of romance.
Twenty-five years ago P. C. "W. Mac
donald, then a young man of good busi
ness prospects, courted one of Santa
Rosa's most beautiful daughters, and
success favored his efforts. The young
couple, with the wedding party, came to
San Francisco In teams and were mar
ried in the Occidental Hotel. The wed
ding was as picturesque as orange blos
soms, a romantic attachment and enthu
siastic friends could make It.
After the honeymoon Mr. and Mrs. Mac
donald returned to Santa Rosa. They
did not remain in Sonoma County for any
length of time, but went to other portions
Of the State, where the even tenor of
their married li f o continued to run Its
unobstructed course. Just two decades
and a half have gone by, and despite thu
rubs and sand-papering that the early ro
mance has been subjected to, the Macdon
alds have returned to the day when they
stood under the marriage bell in the Occi
dental Hotel.
The string of names written yesterday
morning on the Occidental Hotel register
indicate a family history. To return to
the days of yore the trip from Aptos,
Monterey County, was made in teams.
Upon their arrival here Major Hooper of
the Occidental Hotel hunted up his old
registers and discovered what room was
used by the Macdonalds when they were
married. The same room, decorated as it
was twenty-five years ago, will see the
silver wedding ceremonies, but there will
be more MaedonnWs and others of the
same blood taking part in this anniver
sary. It is a happy family reunion.
IN A PADDED CELL
WITH HER BIRDS
MISS HARRIET BATES A VICTIM
TO HALLUCINATIONS.
She Came Here From Boston Re
cently to Do Missionary Work
for the Methodist Church.
Harriet Bates, a lady-like little woman,
Is in a padded cell in the Receiving Hos
pital of her own volition, but she is sorry
now that she placed herself In such a po
sition, and would like to be released.
She has nine birds in a cage in her cell
to *eep her company, all being canaries
except one, which she calls a red bird, and
which seems to be her favorite. The birds
have been her companions all over the
continent since she left her home in Bos
ton to do mlssionery work for the Method
ist church.
She arrived here two or three weeks
ago and introduced herself to Rev. Dr.
Wilson of the Howard Street Methodist
Episcopal Church. She informed him of
her wish to do missionary work in the
city, but as she was without funds she
would require pecuniary assistance. She
had borrowed $10*) on four lots she owned
near Boston before leaving on her travels,
but it was all spent.
There was something in her manner that
puzzled the clergyman, and on question
ing her he discovered that she was haunt
ed by the idea that she was being pursued
by enemies who sought her life. He in
duced her to see a physician, but as she
could not get any satisfaction from him
she called at the Insane ward of the hos
pital Tuesday and told Dr. "Wadsworth
that she wanted him to find out If she was
suffering from hallucinations. The doc
tor thought it advisable to lock her up,
and yesterday morning she was taken be
fore the Insanity Commissioners and the
case was continued till to-day.
Miss Bates has been living at 638 Folsom
street, and at her earnest request her
birds were brought from there to her cell
in the hospital yesterday morning. She
converses with them as if they were hu
man beings and seems bright and cheer
ful except for the fear of being separated
from her pets.
WILL SUCCEED DR. MORSE.
Dr. F. Fehleisen Chosen Chief Sur-
geon of German Hospital.
At a special meeting held Tuesday
evening tthe directorate of the German
General Benevolent Society unanimously
elected Dr. F. Fehleisen chief surgeon of
the German Hospital, to succeed the late
Dr. J. F. Morse.
Since his arrival in San Francisco Dr.
Fehloisen has been connected with the
Waldpck Sanitarium, and has gained the
reputation of being an eminent and a
successful surgeon. He was the most
prominent pupil of the world-renowned
surgeon. Professor yon Bergmann of Ber
lin. Acting for many years as his first
assistant, he had during the frequent ab
sence of Dr. Bergmann full charge of his
clinic, famous all over Europe. A reso
lution of appreciation and thanks was
voted to Dr. Paolo de Vecchi, the con
sulting surgeon of the German Hospital,
for his valuable services in taking charge
of the department of the late Dr. J. p.
Morse, during the latter's illness and
since his death.
"Heartsease" on Saturday.
Although a special matinee performance
of "Heartsease" was given by Henry Mil
ler and his company at the Baldwin
Theater yesterday afternoon, there has
not been a ptop In the demand for the
play. It will therefore be repeated again
next Saturday night. The play will not
be given any other night, as "A Marriage
of Convenience" Is to hold the boards to
night, Friday and Saturday afternoon.
Has Not Slept for Five Years.
It Is reported that a man in Indiana has not
had an hour's sleep for five years. He con
stantly walks about, unable to rest, and is
now little more than a skeleton. There are
thousands of men and women who are unable
to sleep more than an hour or two a night
because of nervousness, weakness, dyspepsia,
headache and constipation. A certain remedy
for these disorders is Haotetter's Stomach Bit
ters. All druggists sell it.
URGED TO DEATH
BY HIS BLINDNESS
NICHOLSON SHOOTS HIMSELF
WHILE DESPONDENT.
Sent a Bullet Through His Body in
Alta Plaza — Not Expected
to Recover.
Thomas Nicholson, a young man, whose
residence is in Vallejo, was found at an
early hour this morning in Alta Plaza,
Clay and Steiner streets, suffering from a
gunshot wound, self-inflicted.
Officer Davis was attracted by the shot
and had the wounded man removed to the
Receiving, Hospital, where he was, attend
ed by Dr. Bunnell. The bullet entered
just above the heart and passed, through
the body.
Nicholson was 23 years of age.' He has
been blind for four years. The affliction
was brought on by an accident in which
he was struck by a telephone wire. His
uncle resides in Vallejo. Despondency,
brought on by physical ailment, was the
moving cause of his action.
» ♦ »
AN EPILEPTIC COLO Y.
New Plans for the Home of ths
Feeble-Minded.
The monthly meeting of the trustees of
the Home for Feeble Minded Children at
Eldridge was held yesterday afternoon in
the Grand Hotel. There were four trus
tees present, F. P. Woodward, chairman;
R. R. Riebenstein, F. W. G. Moebus and
Dr. A. E. Osborn, the superintendent of
the institution.
It was decided to ask for bids, plans and
specifications for changing the heating ap
paratus of the buildings ' from hot water
to steam. ■ Dr. Osborn was delegated to
draw up plans for two cottages for tho
accommodation of thirty inmates each.
T- c main buildings - are all overcrowded
and the applications for admission are
coming in fast. .. • . ■-•■
The coming Legislature will be asked
to make provision for the reception and
treatment of all epileptic patients at the
home. It is the plan to have an epileptic
colony established at Eldridge. Cottages
will be built to accommodate twenty-five
or thirty patients. This, if accomplished,
will be the only institution of its kind in
America. ' •
The Code Commissioners' will embody
in their revision of the codes a section
changing the name of the home to that of
an Institution for the Feeble Minded.
■ » »
THE BUTCHERS' OUTING.
The Butchers' excursion to San Jose
next Sunday promises to be one of the
most enjoyable outings of the year. Tho
festivities will be held in Agricultural
Park, Wiiere a barbecue will be the fea
ture of the day. Beeves, sheep and hogs
will b cooked and distributed free. The
grand marshal will be Robert Longford,
and his aids Ben Davis and Harmon
Kackler of San Francisco Lodge, W. A.
Kimes and B. Andrews of San Mateo
lodge, and Fred Asseland and William
Barchers of San Jose. Ten special
trains will leave Third and Townsend
streets commencing at 9:15 a. m.
Tax on Coursing Parks.
The Secretary of the Treasury has ruled
that coursing matches or entertainments
in which hounds and rabbits take part for
money must pay a war tax of 110 per
year.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ever
Drink Coffee?
Americans' Best
THAT'S THE CoffCC '
try it
YOU SAVE
5 Cents per y"^ fT
Pound on V^OIICC ,
111 Cents per * 1 f '
IV Pound on X Cud :
AND GET A
Beautiful Present
with Each Pound
Free
Great Aiericanlioportiai Tea Co.'s
MONEY-SAVING STORES
861 Market st., oppo- 705 Larkln st.
site Powell. 1419 Polk St.
140 Sixth st. ISI9 Devlsadero st
218 Third st. 2008 Flllmore st. . -. '
506 Kearny st. 621 Montgomery aye.
146 Ninth st. . 1190 Kentucky st.
2510 Mission st. . 3255 Mission st.
3006 Sixteenth st. . 62 Market st.
355 Hayes st.
OAKLAND STORES
1053 Washington st. 181 San Pablo aye.
917 Broadway. . 616 E. Twelfth st.
1510 Seventh st.
ALAMEDA— Park st.
Illustrated Catalogue mailed FREE on
application. ' : . •-
TO THEJDBLIC !
By an error in copying the report of 1 the
finance committee of the Red Cross Society of
San Francisco. ,. read at the ? meeting of the
society on Saturday last, it was •. stated that
the i French Hospital had received $3380 80 in
supplies from this society. The only sum paid
to the hospital was . $."3 89, which amount was
for the care of Private J. 8. , Johnson . for spe-
cial treatment at that institution.* - ;.
The society fully appreciates the magnificent
generosity of - the hospital , and our French
citizens generally toward the Red Cross "work,
and much regrets the occurrence of the above
etTf \ : MRS. JOHN F. MERRILL,
President Red Cross Society of San Francisco.
September 7, 1898. : ■ > . . \ ■ .-:
I "For (i^P^^^^ 3
ELY'S CREAM BALM la a positive cure.
Apply into the nostrils. It is quickly absorbed; 60
cents at Dratrgists or by mail ; samples 10c, by mail.
.. ELY BROTH ggfl," 63 V'-*—n :•>., New York City.
0 00 0000000 000 o o o o
°w fALACE w«
'GRAND t>9mkM%
q bam WKAHCMSOO. X
J* '; ;, Connected 'by : a covered : passageway. (?i Tr j
V 1400 Roomß— 9OO With Bath Attached. **
O All Under : On* ! Management. O i
O " • NOTE THE PRICES: j:..."; "■' ,'-"AQ
A European Plan. $1.00 per day and upward _ !
** American Plan.s3.oO per day and upward VI
Q: . ; .: s, Correspondence Solicited. . j-.- A
5 TOHH 0. lIBKPATRIOX, Manager. o
00000000000000
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H "No use for a duster — there 's no dust on S
© Every dealer who has handled Battle Z
• Ax knows this to be a fact* There
@ is no old stock of Battle Ax any- S
# where : — nothing but fresh goods, as
9 battle Ax sells five times more than $
H any other brand in the world*
§All who chew it never change* S
m Pemember the name 1
I ■ when you buy again. |
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
TO-NIGHT AND FRIDAY NIGHT AND SAT-
URDAY MATINEE— LAST TIMES.
Charles Frohman Present*
MR. HENRY MILLER
In the Comedy of Manners,
"A MARRIAGE OF CONVENIENCE
Adapted by Sydney Grundy, author of "Sowing
the Wind."
EXTRA-SATURDAY NIGHT.
By SPECIAL REQUEST,
Farewell Performance,
HEARTSEASE.
Next Monday— MODJESKA in great repertoire.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
FAREWELL WEEK OF THE
FR AW V COMPANY.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THE WEEK.
. Augustin Daly's Comedy Success,
"NUMBER NINE."
Next Monday— "Hoyt's "A Milk White Flag."
Corner Eddy and Jones Streets.
SPECIAL MATINEE ADMISSION DAY.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
Direct from Their Triumphal '-'our in Eng-
land, MR. AND MRS. SYDNEY DREW, in
"When Two Hearts Are Won." World's Great-
est Operatic Barytone. SIGNOR DEL PUENTE.
Peerless Queen of Burlesque, the Charming
CORINNE. San Francisco's Prime Favorite,
MISS EDITH HALL. Gotham's Elite Society
Entertainer, MR. JOHN BYRNE. The Famous
French Illusionist, MONSIEUR DE VILLIERS.
The Young and Artistic Entertainers, POW-
ERS & HYDE. The Famous Acrobatic Come-
dians, 3— ROSSIS— 3. Past Masters of Colored
Comedy. MR. AND MRS. HARPER.
Popular Prices — Reserved Seats, 25c and 60c;
Box Seats, 50c. •
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
25c; Children, 10c. Telephone South 435.
MOROSCO'S GRANDS
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manages.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Green 861
Reserved Seats, ... 26 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . ioc,
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
Special Holiday Matinee, Friday, September 9.
WEEK OF SEPTEMBER 5. 1898.
First Time at This Theater of Frank Harvey's
New ! Domestic Comedy-drama,
"SHALL WE
FORGIVE HER!"
Wholesome, Original, Unique! New Scenery
and Properties! A Strong Cast! '
First Appearance at , This Theater of the Tal-
ented Eastern Actress,
MISS GRACE ADDIBON.
Reappearance of MISS JULIA BLANC.
LAST THREE DAYS
—OF
THE IRISH FAIR
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
Last chance to see Blarney Castle Map of
Ireland, Rocky ' Road '. to Dublin • and : all the
great attractions of this wonderful Exposition.
To-day Young Irish-American Day. > Souvenir
Spoons to ladles this afternoon. To-night, Im-
proved Order of Red ■ Men.
To-morrow night, Munster Province. Admis-
sion Day, Woodmen of the World Day. . Extra
attractions. . •
• Saturday the Fair Closes. .
• . SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT. .
Grand-; Ball and Closing Reception to the
ladles who assisted in making the Irish Fair |
a success Tuesday' night, r September 13. - Mili-
tary Band music for dancing. ; Grand March
9 o'clock. -V^spseaMQHHMMBMSiIBR^HQHMHBHK
Admission to Fair, ;■ 25c. Children, . 10c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine ' Krellng, Proprietor andManajrer.
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT, Sunday Evening, Special Satur- I
day Matinee, Donizetti's Tragic Work, ;■. ,
"LUCRETIA BORGIA.' 1 '■.;;
> TO-MORROW and Saturday • Evenings, Ver-
di's Lyric Drama, , • ; ;. t - .
« : J ?RIGOLETTO.»
. NEXT WEEK— Wednesday, Friday
and Saturday. Evenings, "CARMEN": Tuesday,
Thursday and Sunday Evenings, Special Sat-
urday Matinee, "LA TRAVIATA." : . ,
1 Popular ? Prices, 25c ' and :. 50c. •N. B.— re-
served seat for: the matinee, 25c. Our tele-
phone. Bush 9. ; ■' ;' .. - ;. ' : .- .:..•- ; ;i --...; . ,
CHUTES AND ZOO.
A MATINEE * EVERY : . DAY! »
DON'T FAIL TO SEE THE -
SPANISH BULL FIGHT!
GREAT ! SHOW •IN THE FREE THEATER
FEARL HAIGHT, THE "AMERICAN
ANNA HELD," The THREE DE NOVAS
! THOMAS K. RYAN, EUSAPIA, - MAE TUNI-
i SON and OTHER EMINENT ARTISTS! - i,
10c, including Zoo and Theater; children, 6c.''
fll VMPIA Eddy, ; cor. ' Mason— MOßE • AST-
ULIWiriAERN STARS. MARTIN'S WON-
i DERFUL ' DOGS; MADELINE, New . York's
Favorite Dancer; TRIXEDO; EL NINO EDDY;
ROCKWELL, !. , and others. : Admission : free.
Matinee , Sunday.
AMUSEMENTS.
SPECIAL MATINEFADMISSION DAY.
The Legitimate Comedy Star, FELIX MOR-
RIS, and Company in the One-Act Comedy,
"A Game of Cards."
THE EIGHT TON-ZOON-IN ARABS,
World's Latest Acrobatic Novelty.
EDWIN M. FAVOR & EDITH SINCLAIR.
Laughable Farce. "The McGuires."
IRENE FRANKLIN, Character Soubrette.
THE PASQUALIS & SIG. ABRAMOFF, tha
Prison Scene from "Faust."
BARNEY FAG AN & HENRIETTA BYRON,
CHAS. T. ALDKICH. BARON'S DOGS, THE
BIOGRAPH, with views. ' " . .';. . ''
Reserved seats, -25c: balcony, 10c; opera
chairs and box seats. sifts.
NEXT WEEK— BESSIE BONEHILL and
other stars.
COMEDY THEATER.
The New Playhouse. A Symphony of Delight.
Direction .... M. B. Leavitt
Resident Manager. Alf. Ellinghouse
THTS EVENING at 8.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2.
THE PACHECO COMEDY CO.
In MRS. PACHECO'S New Comedy,
"THE LEADING MAN."
■ Evening prices— lsc, 25c, 35c, 50c and 75c.
Matinee Prices, 25c, 35c and 50c. Seats now
selling.
Comedy Theater, Phone 328 Main. Branch
Office, 710 Market St.; phone 933 Main.
In active preparation— "WOMAN'S WIT."
AT CTA7AQ Seats by Phone.
Jr%.L-*\St\Z^r\L\ main 254.
EVERY NIGHT, SUNDAY INCLUDED.
MATINEE TO-MORROW (ADMISSION DAY.)
"THE FIRST BORN!"
POWERS' CHINESE TRAGEDY,.
Preceded by N. C. Goodwin's Farcical Comedy;
"TURNED UP."
Prices, lac, 25c, 35c, 50c.
IDOnST'T FOROET
THE BUTCHERS'
EXCURSION! BARBECUE
....TO
SAN JOSE-Agricaltural Park,
SUNDAY, Sept. .11, '98.
This will be the last excursion to the Garden
City this season.
You are Invited to one of "Our Famous Bar-
becues," where Beeves, Sheep and Hogs will bo
cooked and distributed Free.
You will also have an opportunity of seeing
San Jose gorgeously decorated •In honor of the
Admission week celebration. •
TICKETS (round trip), $1. Children
under 12 50 cents.
Ten special trains leave Third and Townsend
streets at 9:15 a. m.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
Fifth street, near Market.
THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, IS9B.
GRAND CHORAL CONCERT, under the direc-
tion Of -''.'
MR. WILLIAM L. TOMLINS.
The distinguished director of the World's Fair
• Choruses.
250 selected voices of San Francisco and Oak-
land. Prominent soloists. Tickets, 50c: few re-
served seats, 23c extra. Box sheet at Sherman.
Clay & Co.'s Wednesday and Thursday, : Sep-
i tember 7 and 8. . ■
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS'.
Open Daily from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m.
ADMISSION 10s - - - —CHILDREN 5
• Bathing, with admission. 25c: children. 20c
MAKE PERFECT MEN
IIOSOTIIESPAIK! DonotSur-
dGgv&Sg&L. ter Longer! The Jots and ambitions of
***9**'e3ga life can be restoied to you. The very
fiSjf " JbS3 wornt cases of Xervoun Debility art
SDU SOT lIESPAIR ! DonotSuf-
fer Lor.ger! The joys and ambitions of
life can be rei-toied to you. The very
worst cases of BTervoua Heblllty art
absolutely cured by PEKFECTO
«si TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in-
Wl^'^jHfiHsoninia, failing memory and the waste
tWuOjiiV and drain of vital powers, incurred by
*LA»jJsß* indiscretion* or excesses of early v»-a.rs.
-~~-. \»r-?T, Impart vigor and potency to every func-
tion. "- Brace up the system. Give a bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of /.^Avoung or old.
One 50c box renews vital energy. JJllJs I boxes I at .
$2. 10 a complete guaranteed cure money re-
funded. . Can be carried In vest ymr pocket. Sold
everywhere, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
price by TUX PKRFKCTO CO., Cuton Bids., Chicago, II!.
Sold by Owl Drug Co.,' San Fran, and Oakland.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlsine and specific tonic
for the sexual and . urinary organs .of both
sexes, ■ and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and , bladder. .' A ; great Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on. Its own
Merits; no • long-winded testimonials ' necessary.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
823 Market - street, , S. •■-. Send ; for Circular.) .
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc. cured by
ESPIC'S CsGARETTES.or POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York. E. FOUOERA & CO.
"" ■§OMJLBY;AL.t. DRUGGISTS
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver firmer.
Wheat and Barley weaker.
Other cereals unchanged.
Receipts of Hay less excessive.
No change in Beans.
Sugar marked up.
Potatoes and Vegetables In good supply.
Butter steady at the advance.
Eggs and Cheese unchanged. .
Hens higher. . Other Poultry unchanged.
Peaches. Pears and Plums firm.
Melons doing better. Grapes slow.
Dried Fruits range about the same.
Veal firmer. Other Meats unchanged.
Hops, Wool and Hides unchanged. •
THE OUTLOOK IX WALL STREET.
The Market Apparently Shaping For a Broader
Movement.
The circular of Henry Clewes, under data of
New York. September t. says: "It has been
an off week on the Stock Exchange. Many
operators and big leaders are away, the last
week of August being the height of the holiday
season, and their return does not begin until
after Labor day. The hot spell was also an
added cause of inactivity. As for the general
market it showed little change. At times prices
displayed a little irregularity under fresh real
izing and renewed bear attacks; but the un
dertone of the market remained strong and no
Iresh sources of weakness were developed. .
"Much more importance was attached to the
prospects of tight money than the situation
warranted. Both lenders and operators for a
decline In stocks would like to see a mote strin
gent money market, but they are likely to be
disappointed. A slight hardening of rates re
sulting from a better Inquiry for crop and busi
ness needs is possible; but this is all unless
manipulation Is attempted, and that seems un
likely in the present monetary situation. Eu
rope is still a heavy debtor to the United
States,, and American funds have been loaning
In Europe in large sums for months. Foreign
exchange is already weakening and gold im
ports have commenced; so that any decided
etlffenlnp of money rates here will quickly
bring a Hood of gold Into the country and pre
vent any Important advance. The West Is al
ready well provided with funds, and the crop
movement Is not likely to make any serious de
mands upon New York. Altogether, therefore,
there is no cause for concern about the local
money market. A slight rise in rates Is all that
Is probable.
"The railroad situation is promising In every
respect except the senseless cutting of rates
among some of the Grangers, which stockhold
ers whose properties are suffering ought to use
their influence toward ending. The best divi
dend payers have reached very high figures,
and they are likely to remain there and possi
bly many of them may rise still higher so long
as the difficulty of finding profitable Invest
ment for money remains. The possibility of In
creasing dividends and the fact that thus far
speculation in such stocks has been of the most
conservative Fort are likely to make these
shares the favorites on the Stock Exchange for
pome time to come. For many of the low- I
priced Investments there Is of course an excel
lent speeculative future, owing to increased
earnings and the Improved prospects for a re
turn on the Investments. The Industrials offer
still larger opportunities for profit, as business
Improvement Is likely to earn dividends In
many cases where none was expected a few
months ago, and Increases on old rates as well
"The market as a whole is shaping for a
broader and more active movement."
WEATHER REPORT.
O2oth Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 7. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka. 56; Fresno, 98; Lo» Angeles, 92; Red
Bluff, M; .s.in Luis Oblspo. 78; San Diego, 76;
Bacramento, 86; Independence. 92; Yuma, 104.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; minimum. 52; mean, 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
There Is an area of high pressure over the
Rocky Mountain region, moving southeastward.
The pressure is also high along the California
coast from San Francisco north. An area of
low pressure Is central in Southwestern Ari
zona and Southern California.
There have been slight changes In the tem
perature, except in the lower Sacramento Val
ley and Eastern Arizona, where It has fallen.
At Phoenix the temperature has fallen 20 de-
grees.
The weather is generally clear In all dis
tricts.
Forecast made nt Pan Francisco fo r thirty
hours ending midnight, September 8, 1898:
Northern California— Fair Thursday, except
partly cloudy along the coast in the morning;
cooler In the upper portions of the Sacramento
and San J.jaquln valleys; brisk northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; fresh
northwest wind.
Utah— Fair Thursday; warmer.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Thursday; warmer in
east portion..
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday,
except partly cloudy in the morning; brisk to
high northwest wind.
Special from Mount Tamalpals— Clear; wind
west, 15 miles; temperature, 72: maximum, 76.
G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Sept. 7.— The bears got the
upper hand very decisively In the stock market
to-day and precipitated a more active selling
movement than has yet occurred. There was
speculative liquidation during the afternoon on
a very large scale, and offerings of long stocks
In some properties which had elements of
weakness were material factors in the de
cline. Sugar occupied the center of the stage
all day. It was evident before the market
opened that the bears had marked it for their
own, and everything that could be done in th»
■way of discouraging reports of the company's
business and disastrous competition in prospect j
■was done through the medium of Inspired pub- j
lications. The movement was opportune, as !
the recent bull movement in the stock was :
accompanied by rumors of an Increase. In the
dividend, and the declaration to-day of only
the. usual dividend brougK heavy selling from
disappointed holders. Torrents of stock were i
dislodged on the decline, and all the usual
devices were employed to give an appearance
of Inside selling. The final rally in the stock i
•was only feeble, the last price being 5% per
cent below last night's closing. The demoral
ization in Sugar affected the whole list, but
especially the industrials. The Pacific stocks
were conspicuously weak on reallzlnz- In con
nection with the announced determination of
Canadian Pacific officials to accept ■ the decis
ion of the Interstate Commerce Commission
against the differential In their favor In freight
rates.
Demand sterling fell further to-day to $1 85%
and gold Is expected to come this week, a
Email consignment belnz announced after the
close of the market to-day. •
Bonds were dealt in on a fairly large scale i
and prices yielded slightly in the later deal- '
ings. Total sales. $3,735,000. United States 3s. i
when issued, advanced 4 per cent in the bid
price. Government bonds were otherwise un
changed.
The total sales of stocks to-dny were 407, i
shares, Including: Atchison preferred, 7SO0;
Baltimore and Ohio, 12,555: Burlington. . 8590; !
Denver and Rio Grande preferred, 32,300; Man- i
hattan. 12.82.': Northern Pacific, 17,149; North
ern Pacific preferred, 20,180; Rock Island. SSOO; :
Union Pacific, 6."80; St. Paul, 41.880; Union Pa- |
cific preferred,- 420; Union Pacific. Denver ■
and Gulf, 9355; Tobacco, 13,755; Chicago Great
Western, 8000; People's Gas, 17,800; General
Electric, 4S00; Sugar, 105,790; Leather preferred,
6000.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 13% Do prefd 150
Do prefd 36 St P M & M ...... 166
Hal & Ohio ...... 334 So Pacific 21%
Can Pacific 904 So Railway 9%
Can Southern .... 53% Do prefd 24%
Cent Pacific 23 Texas & Pacific .. 14%
Ches & Ohio .... 234 Union Pacific .... 32%
Chi & Alton i:.B \ Do prefd .... 66%
Chi. B &'Q 116% D P D & 0 6%
Chi & E 111 66 Wabash ...'.. 8%
CCC& St L 41% Do prefd 21%
Do Drefd SS Wheel & L E.... 2%
Del & Hudson ... 10G% Do prefd 14%
Del I. & W 151% Express Companies-
Den & Rio G IS Adams Ex 110
Do prefd r,6% Amer Ex ..;...... 130
Erie (new) .: 1414 United States 41
Do Ist prefd 37% Wells-Fargo ...... 120
Fort Wayne 172 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor nrefd ... 136 A Cot Oil ........ 37%
Hooking Vel .... 6 Do nrefd ....;... 88-
Illinois Cent 113 Amer Spirits 13%
Lake Erie & W.. 17 Do prefd 38
Do prefd 74 Amer Tobacco ... 139%
Lake Shore 193 | Do prefd ....;... 130
Louis & Nash .... 57% I People's Gas 10T,%
Manhattan L .... 96 Cons Gas 186%
Met St Ry 1G2% Com Cable Co ... 170
Mich Cent 107 Col F, & Iron .... 23%
Minn & St L 27 . Do nrefd ........ 80
Do Ist prefd 89% Gen Electric. ..... 44%
Mo Pacific 354 Illinois Steel .... 72
Mcoue A Ohio ... 28 Laclede Gas 50
Mo X A- T 12% Lead 3M.4
Do nrefd 34% Do prefd 110% '
Chi, Ind & L.... 8- Nat Lin Oil ...... 6%
Do prefd 33 Pacific Mall ...... 34 ! ,4
N J Central 81 Pullman Pal 187
NY Central 118 Silver certificates. 694
N Y. Chi &St L 14 Stan R & T 74
Do Ist prefd.... CS Sugar 138%
Do 2d prefd.... 33% Do prefd ........ 115
Nor West 15 T C & Iron 304
No Amer Co .... 6% U B Leather .... 7%
No Pacific 38% Do prefd 71%
Do prefd 78 us Rubber • 43%
Ontario & W .... ; 16 Do prefd ........ 104 ■
Or R & Nay .... 57% West Union 93%
Or Short Line .. 3.1% N W '.::.. .'133%
Pittsburg 109 I Do prefd 175 ;
Reading 18% ROW ........... 28
Do Ist prefd.... 44% Do prefd 67
Rock Island ...... 1C3% StL&SW....;. 6
St L & S F....... 8% Do.prefd ........ 12%
Do Ist orefd.... 66 COW .... .16
Do 2d prefd...'.. 33% Minn Iron ..."..... 97%
St Paul 112%1c & El prefd.'... 106%
Do prefd 156 - Inter Paper C 0... 544
B R T Co ......* 62% Do prefd ....... 90
8t P & 0m. ...... 83%
CLOSING BONDS. .
U S new 35.....;. 105% N J Cent 55...... 1134
U S new 4s. reg.. Nor- Carolina 65.. 129
■Do coup ......;. 128 Do 4s ...... :.'... 102%
U8 4s ....:..:.... 11l No Pacific lsts... 112%
Do coup :..;.... 112% Do :3s :'..';' ... ■ 68%
Do Ids .;. -.98 Do 4s . 101%
US 5s reg ./...:. 113 ■ N T C & St L 4s. 106%
Do 6s coup .... 113 Nor & W6s ..... 123 ■;
Districts 3 85s ... 116% Norwstrn consols. 141 W,,
Ala. claps A 108 Do deb ss'.: 118
Do.B 100 Or Nay lsts 114%
Do C 90 Or Nay 4s ........ Vi%
"Do currency. ... 90 Or Short L"6s,tr. 126\
Atchlson 4s ...... 95% Or Short L 6s,tr. 10"
Do.adJ 4s 73  Pacific 6s of '95.. 102%
Can So 2ds ...... 107 Reading 4s 82
Chi Term 4s ..... 88% R G-W 15t5. ...... 90
C & Ohio 5a .... 116 3t L* I M Con 6s 99%
C. II & D 4 Vis ... 104% iS L & S F On 65.. 121
D & R G lsts.... 110 St P Con 152
D & R O 4s 97 : S Paul CAP lsts 118
East Term lsts .. 106 I Do us .••••' 1"%
Erie Gen 4s ...... 73% So Ry 5s 97**
F W A D lsts.tr. 77 Stan R & T 65... SI
Gen Elec as 107- Term new set 35.. S2Vi
O HA S A 65.... 103 Tex Pac L G lsts 108
Do 2ds 105 I ■ Do reg 2ds ....-46
H & T C to ...... 11l ! Union Pac 4s '.'9
Do con 6s ...... 108 UP D & Glf lets .7
lowa C lßts 104 Wabash Ist i 5.... 112
La new cons 43.. 103 i Do 2ds 9°Vs
L & N Uni 45.... BSV4 W Shore 4s 110
Missouri 6s ...... 100 'Va Centuries — ij
M K& T 2d5..... 64% Do deferred .... ■ BV4
Do 4s 894JW18 Cent lsts ... 62*4
N T Cent lsts.... 116%
. MIXING STOCKS.
Chollar M Ontario 8 60
Con Cal & Va.... 38 Ophlr •• 15
Crown Point ..... 10 Plymounth \i
Dead wood ' 2.'' Quicksilver 1 2o
Gould & Curry... 10 Do prefd 350
Hal« & Norcross. 7:. Sierra Nevada 55
Homestake 45 00 Standard 155
Iron Silver 70 I Union Con 10
Mexican .:... 10 1 Yellow Jacket ... 10
. BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
; Money— \ 1 Westlngh Klec... 30*4
Call loans ' 2tt@3V4l Do prefd ..57 .
Time loans 3 @4V»|Ed Elec Tel .... 185
Stocks— ■ Gen Elec prefd.. 99
At, Top & S Fe.. 13% A ten prefd ...... 35%
Amer Sugar 13SVt Bonds-
Do prefd ...113 Atchlson 4s ..... 93V4
Bay State Gas 1% Gen Elect 5s ... 109%
Bell Tel 280 . Mining Shares-
Boston & Albany. 233% Allouez Mm Co.. • 3%
Boston & Maine.. 110 Atlantic ..25
Boston & L 6<!V4 ! Boston & Mont.. 223%
Chi. B & Q 116% Butte & Boston. 23
Fitchburg 104% Calumet & Hecla 580
Gen Elect ....... 44% Franklin 13%
111 Steel ..; 11%. Centennial 18
Mcx Cent 6% Old Dominion .... 28
NY & N Eng... 98 Osecola 65
Old Colony 182 Qulncy 119
Or Short Lin©.... 85% Tamarack 172
Rubber 43 Wolverine 27
Union Pacific ... 32% , Parrott, 23
West End ....... 87 | -
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.— Money on call, firm,
2%<§i par cent; last loan, 3 per cent; Prime
Mercantile Paper. 4@5 per cent. Sterling Ex
change weak, with actual business In bankers'
bills at $4 84Vi<&4 M l^ for demand and $4 S2» 3 @
4 82% for sixty days; posted rates, $4 S3V6fr4 S4
and $4 85H(ff4 86; commercial bills, $4 HVt&* 88.
Silver ccrtiflcates, SS^fTeoVtc. Bar Silver, JWic.
Mexican lXillars, 46"klc. Government bonds,
firm; State bonds, dull: Railroad bonds, firm.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Sept. 7.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The Candla
Incident made the stock markets here hesitate
to-day and the firm tendency was less clearly
defined. It is believed, however, that the reac
tion will be only temporary, the undertone be
ing decidedly firm. Grand Trunks and Cana
dian Pacific rose sharply on a reported settle
ment of the rate war. although It is understood
here that only an adjustment of local rates on
the two systems has been arranged.
Americans suffered through realUings dur
ing the early hours, but the close was firm and
again St. Paul was especially strong. New
York Is still buying gold, bidding It up to 77s
l<l%d. Debe«rs mines are sold heavily from
Paris, but other Kaffirs keep fairly good and
the movement In West Australian mines is as
suming the proportions of a small boom.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 31V4; Grand Trunk, 1%.
Spanish foure closed at 42.
PARIS, Sept. 7.— Spanish fours closed at 42.
MADRID, Sept. 7.— Spanish fours closed at
67.25. Gold was quoted at 62.25.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Sept. 7.— FLOUR— Receipts, 47,
142 bbls; exports, 12,291 bbls. Easy except for
old spring patents which are in demand.
"WHEAT— Receipts. 213,775 bushels; exports.
287.000. Spot weak: No. 2 red. 69Hc f. o. b.
afloat to arrive. Options opened easy on the
interior movement, and after a little support
foreign houses turned weak again under liqui
dation, continuing heavy all day except for
September, which was wanted by shorts. The
close was He up on September and \rs\c oft
on later deliveries. No. 2 red May. 66&!&>67*ic,
cloned, 66\; September, 66Wc
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, unchanged to
five points higher. Pales 7500 bags, including
September, $5 45'fir5 50; October, J5 50. Spot cof
fee—Rio dull and nominal; No. 7 Invoice, i\c;
No. 7 Jobbing, 6* 4 c: moderate jobbing trade.
SUGAR— Raw strong, held higher; fair refin
ing, 3*c; centrifugal 96 test, 4}»c; refined,
strong.
METALS— Lake copper and spelter showed a
fair degree of activity and stability to-day.
The other departments however, were dull and
featureless, with prices practically unchanged.
News at hand averaged up in favor of holders,
but failed to materially stimulate buyers. At
the close the metal exchange called.
PIG IRON— Warrants unchanged. with
$6 S7H bid and V asked.
LAKE COPPER— Firm, with $12 25 bid and
$12 37Vj asked.
TlN— Quiet, with Jl6 10 bid and $16 20 asked.
LEAD— Quiet, with $4 bid and $4 05 asked
The firm naming the settling price for leading
"Western miners and smelters quotes lead $3 90.
SPELTER— Higher. $4 85 bid and $4 90 asked.
BT'TTER— Receipts, 88S7 packages. Steady;
western creamery, 14^®lSM..c; Elgins, 18',4c;
factory. HH«il4c.
EGOS— Receipts, 15,384 packages. "Weak;
Western. 16% c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. Sept.7.— California dried fruits,
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 7<SSc;
prime wire tray, »c; choice, 9V4c; fancy, 9%'§>
10c.
PRUNES— 4 <ffßc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. U&W: Moorpark, 13f?16c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7@9c; peeled. 12<gl6c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Sept. .7.— Liverpool cables were
rather disappointing ' and that, together with
the weakness displayed .by corn, . started wheat
lower. ' The receipts In the northwest were
smaller and • the markets in that quarter
were firmer. This resulted In a gradual change
of sentiment here and there was some buying
for . the long " account which finally : started
i shorts covering and materially helped the price.
! The feeling among the bulls generally was that'
the -market had had nearly everything against
I it i of , late, and yet had been so stubborn as to
I Indicate that it possessed a good deal of in
| herent strength. They argued that prices were
' more .likely to rally than to meet with further
i loss and, for that reason traders as a rule took
; .the long side. Advices from Minneapolis said
I the movement there for the next three months
I would be -on an Increased scale. - That, in ad
■ dition' to the declining corn market, resulted
i In cooling the ardor of the bulls and under real
izing and short selling the price gradually de
clined until the early gain was more than lost.
The market closed near the low point for the
day. There was very little demand for ship
ping parcels here, and such bids as came to
hand were at reductions and unworkable. Sep
tember closed %c lower and December lost 4
@%c .... . .....-■:?
The failure of anything like damaging frosts
to make an .appearance in the corn belt last
night and predictions of generally wanner
weather weakened corn. December lost %© : >4c.
There was a good .business done in oats at
lower prices. May closed hidi%c lower.
Good .general buying ; by, packers, with the
English concerns leading, strengthened provi
sions. The rash demand continued good for all
classes of hog products. Pork advanced 24.C.
lard 10c and ribs IC@I2%C,
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles '■■ : - Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— .. ."
September 61% 63 ■ 61% 61%
December- ..:..■ 60% 61 604 60%
May ...........;. 62% .63-. 62% 62%
Corn No. 2—
I September ....30% $0% 30 . 30
December ....;. 80% 30% 30 30%
May..'... 3; 33 324 32%
Oats No. 2—
September ...V...... 19% • 19% 19% 19%
December:........;.. IS% 19%' 15% ' 19%
May- 22 22 21% 21%
Mess ." Pork, • per barrel — i
September 8 SO
October .............8 30 • : 8 40 . 830 830
December. ...........8 37%' 8&0 ,' 8 374 8 40 '■■
'Lard, per 100 pounds— " ■ "- - ■ .-,C-
September ..... ........... 4 80 '
j October 4 724 .4 85 4 674 4 82%
December ...;; 4 77% 490 .4 75 4 87%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
September ....5 05' : 5 20 C 05 515
December ■"........ ...5 0 ' ■520 . " 600 ' 615
January 4 67% . 475 465 . 4 72%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, dull; No. 2 spring Wheat, 61c; No. 3
spring Wheat, 58<fi62<"; No. 2 red, -61{f65c; No.
2 C0rn,30%@30%c; No. 2 Oats, 20(£20V4c; No. 2
white, -23%(@'24%c;- No. 3 white, SSs>23c; No. 2
Rye. 43@434c; No. :2 Barley, 3SQ4.Ic: No. 1
Flaxseed, 87c; Prime Timothy Seed, $2 4."; Mess
Pork, per barrel, $8 40*98 45; ■ Lard, per 100
pounds, $4 72%@4 82%; Short Rib Sides, loose.
1 $0 00@. r > 25; , Dry Salted -Shoulders,', boxed, 44©
I 4%c; Short Clear Sides.. boxed, $5 50g5 CO. , :: .
Articles— " . . :^".' .Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ............... 13,200 •-. 3,400
: Wheat, bushels V...;.;. .;..:. 2a5,300' " 92,600
I Corn, • bushels ' 668,000 .113,300
! Oats, bushels 744,000 - ■ I 801 400
Rye, bushels t 31.300 • •......-;
Barley/bushels ..............114,900 - 16,200
•On ; the ' Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 13@18c; dairies
ll%(S | 15c. Eggs, firm ; > fresh, 124 c. .
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
. "Receipts/Shipments."
.'Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 242.6H) \ 47,580
Duluth 337,097 395.865
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L., THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1898.
-vriiTpnnif a^ 120, 550 •
Chc^o .'V.V.V.V........... 295,384 - 92,629
Tol ed? 96 013 122.100
St Louis 69.000 56.000
Detroit " V.....V.V.... 63 153 27.559
Kansas CUV:::.:...........--._9l^ 59.500
■ Totals ............... 1.843,848 • 804.233
water— ■. .' ". }' .„«
Boston :.'...".. .'..■.....■ 62,401
N^w York::::::::::::::::::::: : 212.675 257.103
Philadelphia...; 8.020 / 494
Baltimore- •• 74,700 ;.
New Orleans - - ; . •••••"
Galveston 60,088 40,000
Totals 419.383 327,597
LIVERPOOL ' FUTURES.
Wheat— - Sept. Deo.
Opening 56% . - 62 <
Closing ;...... .5 4% 61%
PARIS FUTURES. :
Flour — ' Sept. Nov. -Dec.
Opening .. ..48 45 45
Closing 48 10 44 90
Wheat— ■ • .■■..••
Opening 2125 8100
Closing 2125 1100
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, Sept. CATTLE — Were 100
lower. Choice steers, $5 20@5 70; medium. $4 65
m 80; beef steers, $3 75@4 50; ' " stockera and
feeders, S3@4 70; bulls, $2 25*34 25; cows and
heifers, S3 50@4 25; calves, $4 50@7 60; : Western
rangers, $2 Ss@4 40; fed Western steers," J4 10®
5 10. - . ■ . ■ y,; -;:■;■-':<:- ■ ■•.•,; '■
HOGS— Were about 10c lower. Fair to choice,
$3 $5@3 92%; packing lots, $3 66@3 75; butchers'
$3 So4f3 95; mixed, S3 70@J 87V4; light, $365®
3 STVs; Pigs, $2 75@3 65.
SHEEP— Were In good demand and best lots
sold 10c higher. Natives and Western mut
tons, $4 20@4 40; ewes, 13 "o®4 10; prime lambs,
S4 S.I; mixed lots. $3 7.V& 4 55.
Receipt*— Cattle, 18,000; hogs, 29,000; ' sheep,
16,000. ■ • • " . -.
„ OMAHA.
OMAHA. Sept. 7.— CATTLE— Receipts, 4200.
Market slow and lower. Native beef steers,
S3 70@5 25; Western steers, S3 70@4 60; cows and
heifers, 18Q-4 10: stockers and feeder*, $3 60.3
4 60 ; calves, *4@6 60; bulls and stags, $2 25@
3 76. •■ • -..- :,-...=
HOGS— Receipts, 7700. Market 10c lower.
Heavy, S3 60@3 55; mixed, S3 Bo©3 62%; • lights, ■■
$3 . '/ ?. 60; bulk of sales, S3 60®3 65.
SHEEP— Receipts, 6600.:. Market steady. Na
tive muttons, $3 60@4 30; Westerns, S3 50-34 20;
etockers, J3@3 90; lambs, S4®s 80. ■-..
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Sept 7.— CATTLE— Receipts,
10,000. Best grades steady others slow and
lower. Native steers. S3 85®5 35; cows and
heifers, $1 70@4 25; ctockers and feeders, $3 25®
6; bulls. $2 6<>@3 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 11,000. Market 6<gloc lower.
Bulk of sales, S3 60@3 70; heavies. S3 65<j?8 76;
packers, S8 BO^S 70; mixed, $3 50@3 70; lights,
J3 60ff3 65: yorkers, S3 60@J 6.i; pigs, S3 40(913 85.
SHEEP- itecnlpts, 60(i0. Market firm. Lambs,
$3 BJ(ijs &0; muttons, $3@4 86.
DENVER.
DENVER. Sept. 7.— CATTLE— Receipt* 2000.
Market steady and slow. Beef steers. $3 50®
4 40; cows, WS'3 75; feeders, freight paid to
river. $3 7504 2ft; stockers do, $3 80@4 50; bulls
and stags, $2@3.
HOGS— Receipts, 300. Market firm. Light
packers, $3 65fa3 70; mixed, $3 <»@3 65; heavy,
$3 f,0«!3 60.
SHEEP— None.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company realized the fol
lowing prices for California fruit sold at auc
tion to-day:
NEW YORK. Sept. 6.— Grapes-Muscat, 60c;
Tokay, 95cg$l 75, average $1 17; Malagas, $105
g 1 25, average $1 15. Pears— Bartletts, $1 2B<g'
3 50, average $172; Onandago, $105; Clairgeau,
fIOIM, average $110; Beurre Hardy, $I@l 40,
average $1 04. Prunes—German, 75c@$l 10,
average 86c; Gros. Soc<2sl 46, averagesl 11; Egg,
$1 04; Silver, 80c<ff$l 10, average 96c; Kelsey
Japan, $1 10. Twenty cars sold. Weather hot.
MONTREAL, Sept. 7.— Rartletts. $2 17; or
ange cling. $1 01; Strawberry cling, 95c; Sus
quehanna. $1 25; Hungarian, $1 15; Gros, $1 15.
One car sold.
Porter Brothers Company sold to-day at open
auction California fruit at the following prices:
CHICAGO, Sept. 7.— Pears— Bartlett, $1 26^
210 box; Howell, $1 30<ffl 60; Beurre Hardy.
$1 25®1 £0; Beurre Clairgeau, $1 15@1 60 and 65c
half box. Plums— Kelsey Japans, $1 60gl 55.
single crate; Schley. 45c@$l 15; Grand Duke.
$1; assorted. $1 05. Grapes— Tokay, $1 60. single
crate; Muscat. 70c; Rose de Peru. 40c. Prunes
— Gi-.->s, 45c95l 15, single crate; German. 65c;
Hungarian, 60c; Fallenbergr, 45<fj6»c; other va
rieties, 35»3flijc. Peaches— Sal ways, 90c box;
Late Crawfords. 86c; Orange Clings, 85c;
George's Latcs, 65c. Nine cars sold.
NEW YORK. Sept. 7.— Pears— Bartlett, R7rfJ
$1 90 box. Prunes— Hungarian. $1 10@l 36. single
crate; Grot;, 70<g.90c. Peaches— Late Crawford,
$1 3u box. Plums— Schley, 74c; Columbia, 60c,
single crate. Twenty cars sold.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, Sept. 7— Special cable and tele
graphic dispatches to Bradstreet's Indicate the
following changes In available grain supplies
last Saturday, as compared with the preceding
Futunlay:
Wheat — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, increase, 1,894,000 bushels: afloat
for and in Europe, decrease, 200,000 bushels;
total supply, net Increase. 1.694,000 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
[ Rockies, increase, 39,000 bushels.
Oats — United States and Can4da» east of the
Rockies, increase, 1.795,000 bushels.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 7.— WHEAT—Re
ceipts continue light: exporters are indifferent,
but some speculative bidding is reported at
interior points on a basis of Ss@£6c for Walla
Walla and 87@58c for valley.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Sept. 7.— WHEAT— Market
dull and quotations nominal at 54c for club
and 59c for blue stem.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Sept. 7.— Consols, 110%; silver.
27% d; French rentes, 103f 32Hc; wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers --"1 sellers apart; cargoes on
passage, rather easier; cargoes No. 1 standard
Cal., 255-6 d; English country markets, dull, 6d
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 7.— Wheat, steady, wheat
in Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 9-32 d.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Futures closed dull. September,
Ge4Vl; December. 5s l%d.
CORN— September, quiet, 3s lV4d: October,
quiet, Ssl'/id; December, quiet, 3s IHd.
HOPS— At London, Pacific Coast, 2@4d lb.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 7.— Exchanges, $417,
731; balances, $49. 156.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 84
Sterling Exchange. Bight — 4 86
Sterling Cables — 4 864
New York Exchange, sight — 1J
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 174
Fine Silver, per ounce — 604
Mexican Dollars 46 464
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Futures declined lc, but there was
m change In the spot market. Trade continued
dull, as usual.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 10@l 12*4; milling.
$1 174@1 224-
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— December — 6000
ctls, $1 13%.
Second Session— December— l2,ooo ctls, $1 13%.
Regular Morning Session— December — 24,000
ctis, $1 13V4: 12,000, $1 n%; 6000, $i 134.
Afternoon Session — December — 30,000 ctls,
$1 13: $2,000, $1 13H; S'TOO. $1 134.
BARLEY— Offerings of Feed are not heavy,
but the feeling Is weak and holders are com
pelled to accept lower prices If they want to
sell. Feed, $1 ljffil 174: Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Seession— No sales.
OATS — Offerings on the Produce Exchange
are heavier, but there Is no decline, though the
market Is weak. Fancy Feed, $1 25 per ctl ; good
to choice, $117H010H; common, $1 10@l 15;
Surf. rise. $125*1130; Gray, $1 15@1 20; milling
Jl 20rql 25 per ctl.
CORN— Small round yellow, $1 25; Eastern
lHrcre yellow, 1107%; white, $1 15; mixed, $1 Obtt
1 074 per ctl.
RYE— sl li-ra 174 per ctL
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75<gl 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FT/OUR— Family extras, 54 16@4 25; bakers'
extras. ?4@4 15 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 tbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, J2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat Groats,
$4 60; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4
<g4 25: Cracked Wheat. |3 75; Farina, $4 60;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oat« (bar
rels), $5 850)6 25; in Backs, $5 65@« 05; Pearl Bar
ley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50 Der
100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFF'S.
Receipts of Hay fell off somewhat yesterday,
though they were still large. The market
showed no change, but the weak, feeling was
still noticeable. The barns here are now
pretty well loaded, though there is room left
yet. The commission merchants are taking in
a good deal of Hay rather than let it go at
too sharp a sacrifice.
BRAN— SIS 50@16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SIB@2O per ton.
FEE DSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $25 per ton-
Oilcnke Meal at the mill, $31^31 60; Jobbing
$32fi32 B0; Cocoanut Cake, $24^25; Cottonseed
Meal. $2S(??30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23<g!23 60-
Cracked Corn. $24<ff24 60.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $15 50®16 50 for
good and $13© 15 for lower grades; no fancy
coming In; Wheat and Oat. $13@15; Oat
$12 ,Wfl4; Barley. ; Island Barley, $ll<ffi2-
Alfalfa, $11 50@12 50; Stock, |10; Clover, nomi
nal.
OUTSIDE HAT— <From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Wheat, |12ff13 50; Oat. »12@1S; Cheat. $10@12;
Timothy. $lO©l2 50; Alfalfa, $10#ll per ton.
STRAW— 3O(&SOc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 25@2 40; Bmall Whites.
SI 90«j'2 10; Large Whites, SI 75@1 90; Pinks.
$2 25^2 35; Reds, nominal; Blackeye, S3 15@
3 25; nutters, nominal; Llmas, SSfi3 15; Pea,
SI So(f2 05; Red Kidneys, $2 50@2 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $1 2n@4 50 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. $4@4 12V*. Flax, nominal. $2®
2 10; Canary Seed, 2\irg2^c per It); Alfalfa
from Utah. 6c; Rape, 2V4&'3%c; Hemp, 2^@3c;
DRIED PEAS^-Nlles. $1 75@1 90; Green. $2 25
per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
There Is no particular change In anything
Sweet Potatoes are In larger supply and weak.
Tomatoes rule firm. Corn continues to ad
vance.
POTATOES— 4O@SOc In sacks for Early Rose
and 40(i?65c in sacks and 60c@Sl in boxes for
Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, 75c@$l 16; Sweet
Potatoes, lH<j|2c per lb. .
ONIONS— SO@7Sc per ctl for yellow. Pickle
Onion*, "sc<gsl per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 6®«c; String
Beans, nominal; Lima Beans, 2<S 1 3c; Bay
Squash, 26#30c; Green Peppers, 25@40c for
Chile and 25i?40c for Bell; Cabbage, BOc per
ctl; Carrots. ao@soc per sack; Bay Cucumbers.
25(ff3Oc; Pickles. Si 60@l 65 for No. 1 and 7nc@sl
for No. 2; River Tomatoes, 40@«5c; Bay
Tomatoes. 40® 65c: Green Corn, Jl©l 25 per sack
for Vacavllle, II 50® 1 75 per crate for Alameda,
joc^l for Berkeley; Garlic, 2s2V4c per n>;
Green Okra, 40®65c; Dried Okra, B@loc per lb;
Egg- Plant, 35(3 50c per box; Marrowfat Squash,
$12© 15 per ton."
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per Tt> In lots of 25 lbs; sliced
desiccated, 16igl8c; granulated, raw ISc;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 250;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Another car of Eastern is expected to go on
to-day.
Hens are doing better, but the other kinds
are undisturbed.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14@18c for Gob
blers and 12H'S 1 13 c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 25<8>1 50; Goslings, $1 60<81 75; Ducks, $3<tf3 50
for old and $354 50 for young; Hens, $4 60@>6;
Roosters, young, $5 50*. 6; Roosters, old, $4@4 su;
Fryers, $4 50®6; Broilers $3 50@4 for large, $2 50
Q3 for small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for
young and $1 26(5>1 60 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGOS.
Butter is steady at the advance. Eggs and
Cheese range the same, and both are quiet.
BL'TTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 25@260; seconds,
24c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 21@23c; common
grades, 17U®20c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin. 18f20c; pickled roll,
21®22^c; creamery tub, 20(&.22c.
Kastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@16V4c per
tt>- Elgin, 22(6 22^c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 10<2?llc; old, BH@
9Hc; Cream Cheddar, lOiJfllc; Young America,
10Vi£'114c; Eastern, 12igl3c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 21@2ne per dozsti; store
Eggs. 14!§17V4c; Eastern, 14@16c for ordinary
and 17(&18c for fancy.
DBCIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
All good canning fruit Is scarce, Pears and
Plums In particular. Melons are doing better.
Grapes continue the Flowest fruit on the list.
Fresh Mexican Limes are expected to-day.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— '■"
Strawberries, ?2 50@4 per -hest for large and
for ."mail.
Figs, 40@'65c for black, double layers.
Cantaloupes, 36@75c per crate: Nutmegs, 15(f?
40c per box; Watermelons, . $15@25 per hundred
for large and $6<g;2 for small to medium. ■*-?*?•:
Huckleberries, 7c per It). ■ '.: ■.
Quinces, 35i«?65c per box. ,
Pomegranates, 75c per small box.
Red Nectarines, 50@75c; White Nectarine*,
nominal. . • . : : :
White Grapes, 25GJ ) o0e per box: Black Grap*s,
25@400; Muscats, 36@60c; Seedless, 60(f~5c; To
kay, '35©50 c; crates "sell about 10c higher than
boxes; Isabellas, $1 '" per crate. '
Blackberries, $2<3?4 00 per chest.
Plums, 40@60c per crate and 20@50c per box;
In bulk, $12'6O(ff2ft per ton. - ...
Peaches, 60^S5c per box < for . good to choice
and . 3.*iJi"4oc for common stock; . clings, $1i'360
per ton freestones. $2fi@*o. . . -
Raspberries, $7@B per chest.
Apples, 35<56<>c for common, 75c3f$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 25 for choice.
Bartlett Pears, $1 25@1 SO per box and $40<g50
per. ton for No. 1 and 90c@$l per box and $35
per ton for ripe and Inferior stock.
' CITRUS FRUITS— $I@l 50 for Va
lencia*. $I@l 25 for St. Michaels, 75cf3 v sl for
Mediterranean Sweets and 50®75c for Seedlings;
Lemons, $1 60<j?2 50 for common and $3@4 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes. $s@6c; Califor
nia Limes, 1 76c® $1 60: Bananas, $1 25@2 25 per
bunch: Pineapples. $35? 4 per 'dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
The Bltuation remains the same. Thero Is no
weakness apparent In anything not even in
Prunes, which are the quietest fruit In the
list. At the SAHie time there Is not much do-
ing.
DRIED FRUIT— New , Prunes, eVi^SUe for
40-60 i s, 4%<£r6c for 60-60' s, 4<4@4Hc for CO-70's. I
8%04c for 70-80' 3%(Sr3V4c for 80-90's. 2-%'S3c for j
90-100" s and 2^<s2Hc for 100-110' s; new Peaches. j
7%i ( J?BV4e for choice and 9@loc,for fancy; new |
Apricots, 9@l2c for Royals, and 15<fi:i7Hc for
Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 6H@"%c; sun
dried, 4ffoc; Black Figs, , sacks. 2<ii'2Vic; new
Plums, R#6c'for pitted . and l^l^c for un
pitted; new Nectarines, 6@7c for prime to
fancy; new Pears, 7<{i7Hc for quarters and 7%
@10c for halves.
RAISINS— 2#2V£c for two-crown. 2'4(ff'2%c for
three-crown, 3«?3>4c for four-crown. 3@4c for
Seedless Sultanas, 2'< ( fr3<; for Seedless Mus
catels and $li&l IS for London Layers; dried
Grapes, 2c.
NUTS— Walnuts, new, 6c for hardshell, 7c for
softshell; Almonds, 3<f(4c for hardshell, 6(iJ7c for
softshell; • B^i<S9c for paper-shell; Peanuts. 4®
6V4c for Eastern and 4M-e for California; Pe
cans, 6%(58c; Filberts, ; 9'iffllOo; Brazil Nuts,
S@9c per lb; Cocoanuts. $4.50@5-per hundred.
■ HONEY— Comb, 9fflocfor brifrht and 6@7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 6V4@
6c; light amber extracted,. 4%@GVic per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per Ib. -
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bar -n, BHc per lb for
heavy, 9c for llgnt medium, 10V4c for light, lie
for extra light and ■ 2Vs'& 1 13 c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured . Hams, 10>4@llc; Califor
nia Hams, 9<*-<3loc; Mess Beef. |10@10 50 per
bbl; extra Mess Beef, $ll@'ll 50: Family Beef,
512812 50; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
$IS@lB 50; mess, $15 50-316; Smoked Beef. ll<g)l2e
per lb. ■ ■ •-',:? ' '•
LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per lb
for compound and 7%c for pure; pails, 8c; Cali
fornia tierces, 5c per lb for compound and 7c
for pure; half barrels, 7Vic;lo-lb tins, 8c; 5-Ib
tins, 4 0. ■-■'.-. '...: ,
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 6%<<if>%c; packages
less than 300 lbs— l-lb palls, 60 in a case.'SHc;
3-lb polls. 20 in a case, 8-X,c; 6-lb palls, 12 In a
c«n<>, -BHc; 10-lb palls,-6 In a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7 l '-c: v.-ooden buckets, 20
lbs net, BHc; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c per-lb.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about 1c under. the. quotations. ., Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium. 9c; 'light. Stye; Cow
hides, 9c: Stags, 6V4c; : salted Kip, B^c; Calf,
9c; dry Hides sound, 15c; culls and brands, 12c;
dry Kip . and Veal. 15c: dry Calf, 17@18c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15<f?25c each: short
wool, 30@40e each; medium, 60@S0c; long wool,
90c«25l 10 each; Horse hides; salt. $2 25 for
large, and $ltffl 75 for small; Colts. 60c; Horse
hides, dry. $1 75 : for large • and . 75c@$l 25 for
small. .
" TALLOW— 1 rendered. 3V4@3>4c per lb;
No. 2, 2>4(^2%c; refined. 4V4@4 1 )4c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— clip. Southern Mountain, 7@loc;
free Northern, . 9if?l2c. - Spring clip— Southern
Mountain,' 12 months', 9@llc; San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months', SfflOc; '■ Foothill and
Northern, free, 12<iUc; Foothill and Northern,
defective, 10(3120; Middl» County, 13ii/16c: Hum-
Wilt and Mer.docino* 14(i?!lGc:.. Nevada. 10(S!14c;
Eastern Oregon. lO^f^c: Valley Oregon. 15@17c.
HOPS— IB9B crop. 10«13c; 1897 crop, nominal.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 4%c: Wool
Bags. 26#28c; San Quentin Bags, $4 85; Fruit
Bags. sc, - s'/<sC and 5V.c for i the three grades of
white and • 7©Sc for brown. ■.• ■ ■•■■•-■
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton: New Wal
llngton. $8; Southfteld Wellington, $7 60; ' Sea
ttle. $6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay ' $5; Wallsend,
$7 50; Cumberland, $13 in bulk and $14 50 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite ■ Egg, ; $14; Can
nel; $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
$7 60; Coke, - $12 , per ton In bulk and $14 In
'sacks. ■ -' .-.■-■-■" '.'•' • ■-*■' *.- ■ ■
SUGAR — The Western Surar .Refining Com
pany : ha« advanced ■ its ■ prices , and now ' quotes,
terms net cash: Cube,- : Crushed and Fine
Crushed, 7Hc; Powdered. 6-Hc; Candy Granu
lated, 6V£c; . Dry • Granulated, - 6c ; • Confectioners'
A, Gc; California A. 5%c; . Magnolia A, 6%c;
Extra C, r.^c; Golden C,^s%c; half barrels.
He more than barrels, '* and . boxes Me. more.
No order taken for less than- 75 bbls or Its
equivalent. ' : ■ . :
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET. *
Veal la quoted -firmer. The, other descrip
tions remain unchanged. - < ■ ■ <
BEEF— First quality, 6%c; • second quality,
sM.?rfi.-: third qualHv.- 4%ffJ>.V. -."
VEAL— 6@6c; small, BV4@Bc per n>.
MUTTON— Wethers, ' 6£f"c;- ii,wes, 64t6Hc
per. -lb. - ..-. ,!-..
LAMB— Spring,' 7Vi@Bc per lb. .
.' PORK— Live Hogs. 4 tf?3%c f or , large, *<S*Y,c
for : medium and * 3><ii!ji3Vic - for - small ; 7 stock
Hogs, 2@3c; dressed Hog?, '5%@6>i0. ;
' . . . RECEIPTS OF ■' PR-DUCE.
.--'" For .Wednesday, . September , 7.
Flour, qr sks 13.567 Wool, bales ..... 149
Wheat, ctls ..... 690 Hay. -tons- ....... 720
Barley, ctls " 2,880 Straw, tons :.... 22
Corn, ctls ....... ISS Pelts, bdls ...... 2,015
Cheese, : ctls ?r. ...•>. 80 Hides, No .;....>. 108
Tallow, ctls - • 8 Lumber, feet ... 40,000
Butter, ; ctls ■:..:.-. 174 Eggs,; doz ;....... 12,240
Beans, sks ......... 336 Quicksilver, ■ risks . 78
Potatoes, sks ... ' 1.893 Leather, ; rolls ; . . '■■' 40
Onions; sks ".."...' 675 Wine, gals 35,200
Bran, sks '..'..;.. • 1,W5 Sugar, sks. ...... 1,327
Middlings, sks... 670 Shorts, 5k5v...... 744
Hops, •; bales :.:..'.■"-, 70 ::*',.-': . .
'■■'-.■ ■-■--: OREGON. •
Flour, qr 8k5.../» 1,455 |Hay, 1 tons ."...... 90
Oats, ' ctls -..;.;.. ■ 4,400 1 Shorts. " 5ka ... . .. 744
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were firm and several showed a
small advance.
The Crown Point assessment falls delinquent
In office to-day.
Local securities were less active than of late,
though a fair business was transacted. Quo
tations remained about the same.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Sept. 7— S p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
V S Bonds— Mutual El Co — 12%
4s quar e0up..111%112% Oakland Oas. 62 62%
4s quar reg...Uo 111 Pac Gas Imp. 88% —
4s quar new. .127 128 Pac L Co 48 49
3a new 104%105 8 F G & E.. 88 88%
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3% 3%
Cal-et Cab 65.U4%116 Stockton Gas.. 13 —
Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance—
C C Wat 55... 100 101 Flrems Fund2oo 210
Dup-st ex c... — 98% Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65. ..130%— Anglo-Cal 64 66%
F&CI Ry 6s.Ho — Sank of Ca1.. 246 247%
Geary-st R 6s. 93 100 Cal SD 4 T.. - 99
HC & S 4'-s.loo 105 First Nat 205 —
LAL Co 6a.. — 100 Lon P & A. ...128% —
Do gntd 65.. 98 100 Mer Exchange 14 —
Market-st 65.. 127 — Nev Nat 8...161 163
Do let M or 113 14 — Savings Banks-
Nat Vln 6s lsts — 97% Ger 8 & 1.. .IS6O —
N C NGRy 75. 104 106% Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 65.. 110 112 Mutual Say. — 42ft
N Ry cal 55.. 104% — S F Say U.. 490 500
NPC R R 63.103 105 S & L 50.... — 98
NPC R R 6s. 100 101 Security 8 B 300 30.0
N Cal R R ss. — — Union T Co. looo —
Oak Gas 5s 101 — Street Railroads-
Do 2d is 55. 109% — California ....107 110
Om Ry 6s 127%129 Geary 40 —
P& Cl Ry 65.105\i106 Market-st 54 54%
P & O 6« 113% — Presidio 8% —
Powell-st 65..H8%122 Powder-
Reno W LAL..IOO — California ....132V4149
Sac El Ry Bs. 100 — E Dynamite... 86 —
S F & N P 55109%109% Giant Con Co 49% 50
SierraßCal 6s. — 103 Vlgorit 2% 2%
8 P of Ar 65.108%105% Miscellaneous—
SX s Cal 6s 110 — Al Pac Assn..loo%lol
SPC Is eg 65.102 — Gen Ld Wk5..140 —
8 P Br 65.... 118*119% Hana P C 0... W% 18%
S V Wat 65... 116% — H C & S Co. 27% 27*
S V Wat 45.. 102%— Hutch S PCo 59 69%
Stock Gas 65.. 102 — Mer Ex Asfctt. DO —
Water Stocks— • Nat Vln C 0... — 6
Contra Costa.. 52%— Oceanic S Co. 57 57%
Marin Co 50 — . Pacific AF A. 1% 1%
Spring Valley 99%100 pac Bot C 0... — 105
Gas & Electric— Par Paint Co. 7 —
Cent Gaslight. los —
Morning Session.
100 Giant Powder Con 49 62%
60 Hana Plantation Co .' 18 37%
300 Hawaiian Com & Sugar Co 27 H
100 do do 27 12%
$10,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6s bonds.... 106 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 88 50
$4000 S P of A bonds 108 50
Street—
200 Mutual Electric Light 11 00
20 Spring Valley Water 99 87%
Afternoon Session.
25 Bank of California 247 00
70 Giant Powder Con 49 50
20 do do 49 37%
25 Hana Plantation Co b 3 18 37%
150 Hawaiian Com & Sugar Co 27 12%
125 do do 27 00
96 S F Gas A Electric Co 88 25
120 do do 88 00
250 VlßOrit Powder 2 25
Street—
160 Hawaiian Com & Su^ar Co 27 12%
SO S.F Gas & Electric Co: 88 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
110 Hawaiian Com & Sugar Co 17 12%
70 do do 27 00
30 Spring Valley Water 100 00
40 Market -street Railway Co 54 12%
J6OOO Contra Costa Water Co 5s 100 25
Afternoon Session.
50 Giant Powder 49 75
25 Hutchinson S P Co 59 00
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 88 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were, the sales .In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:.' ,-,.-: i.
Morning Session. '
500 Best & Belcher 181500 Crown Point ... 15
200 Caledonia ....... 21 1500 Mexican .;..'.... 16
300 Chollar 16 12001 200 Occidental 66
200 15S00Ophlr 20
400 Con Cal & Va.. 43 1 £00 Potosi ............ IS
100 Confidence 40 j 100 Savage - 12
100 38 14001 400 Sierra Nev 62
500 Gould & Curry.. 16 200 Yellow Jacket .. .17
100 17 200 ...^ ......... 18
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 15 600 Mexican ' 16
300 Best & Belcher. IS 200 Occidental .-68
300 ...... 20 500 Ophlr 21
600 Bullion 03 400 Potosl ...18
500 Chollar .......... 16 100 ...-..; 19
j 400 Con Cal & Va.. 41 300 Sierra Nevada .. 62
500 Crown Point .... 15 100 ...... ;..... 64
100 16 !00 Utah 07
200 Gould & Curry.. 17 100 Yellow Jacket.. • 19
900 20 300 20
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: ■... ■ ■ .
Morning Session. .
200 Alta ...».i - 10 200 Confidence 40
300 Belcher 16 600 Justice .......... 13
| 300 Best & Belcher. IS 300 :.... ..14
| 200 Chollar It 200 Mexican 15
250 Con Cal & Va.. 41 W0 Ophlr 20
, 150 ...... *- 300 Overman 05
! 200 43 500 Savage 12
200 40 400 ..;... U
100 Gould & Curry.. 17 200 Sierra Nevada.. 61
300 15 500 Yellow Jacket. . ■' 18
Afternoon . Session.
300 Andes OS 300 Potosi .....1.19
200 Best & Belcher.. 21 1 100 Sierra Nevada... 63
1000 Bullion 0313700 Union C0n...... 15
COO Con Cal & Va.. 42 1200 .:.... ............ 16
200 46 300 Yellow Jacket... • 20
200 Gould & Curry.. 19 300 '. 22
200 Mexican 16 ■■■.-■■ 
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. . ,
WEDNESDAY, Sept. 7— 4 p. m. .
Bid. Ask ••*;■■■ . Bid. Ask
Alpha 03 04 Justice 15 16
Alta 10 13 Kentuck., '05 .06
Andes .......... OS — Lady Wash..... — 01
Belcher ........ 16 17 Mexican ,16 18
Benton Con ... 06 —Occidental 68 — •
Best & Belchr.. 24 25 Ophlr : 24 25
Bullion 02 04 Overman :05 06
Caledonia ...... 20 21 Potosl .......... 19 20
Chollar ..16 18 Savage ......... 14 15
Challenge .....14- 16 Scorpion.. 02 —
Confidence 44 46 Beg Belcher ... 03 04
Con Cal & Va.. 46 47 Sierra Nevada.. 64 65
Con Imp .......— 01 Silver Hill .....'— 15
Crown Point .. 15 16 Syndicate —•; 03
Con NY......: — 03 Standard 160 \ —
Exchequer ■■..'...■•— 04 Union Con 15 , ; 16
Gould & Curry- 15 ;16 Utah .1.......:. 07 08
Hale & Norcrs. 82 84 Yellow. Jacket .-.21' 22
Julia — M
REAX ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Dora Steckler to Oscar Harris, lot on line
of Webster street, 45:6 S of Post, S 23 by E 59:6;
$10. ■: ■-: ■ ■ ■. ■ " . ■ ".■■■• •-.- .•• ■•■■■ . it?
O. H. Umbsen & Co. to John A. and Jose
phine C. Donnelly, lot - on W line of .Pierce
street. 125 N of Eddy, N 25 by W 90 "(quitclaim
deed): ■ $10. ■ . • • . . » .
Margaret Long to Patrick Long.: lot on E line
of Jessie street, 323 N.o£ Fourteenth, N 25 by
E 70; $1000. ■.-■/•- • •■•■ '•• -.'■'
Richard Doyle to Margaret M. ■ Moss (wife of
Joseph P. Moss), lot on NE line of Dore street
205 NW of Bryant and 185 SW : of Ninth, NW
24 by NE 85; $10. :."••• .... . -•
Arthur M.. Elizabeth M., Eva L. . and Solo
mon . S. ' Sharp ' to . Catherine - E. Chessman
(Sharp), - wife of George ;S r Cheesman, lot •on
SE line ' of ' Market street, 120 SW of ' Four
teenth, SW 31:3% to Church. S 61:8%. E 91, NW
108: also lot on SE line of Market . street, ~ 105
SW of Church, SW 50 by SE 100 T (quitclaim
deed); $1. ■ : ...
■ George W., George W. Jr., Mary, Thomas
and Sarah J. Fennlngton to Mary A. Pennlng
ton (wife of George W. Pennington). lot on W
line of Shotwell street, 90 N of Twenty-fourth,
N6O by W 122:6; gift. .-<-■■■■
Mary A. Pennington (wife of G. W. • Penning
ton) : to George W. Pennington Jr., lot on W
line of Shotwell street, 80 N of Twenty-fourth,
N2O by.W 122:6; gift. •
Same to; Thomas Pennlngton, lot on W. line
of Shotwell street, 110 N of Twenty-fourth, N
40 by W 122:6; gift. , - i • X
Juan M. Luco, Lucy A. Armstrong and Al
fred H. Wllcox (by J. M. Shine. United States
Marshal) to Caroline Hawxhurst; lot on S line
of Washington street, 87:6 E of Powell, E 25
by S 137:6; $4,">00. ■ .' V
William A. C. Lange toJosepha Lange, lot
on E ■ line of > Leavenworth street, 44:1% S of
Washington. S 22:0V4 by E 115; gift.
. Isaac Jessup to Richard M. Jessup, lot on.E
line q£ Indiana street, 125 of Tuba, S 37:6 by
E 100; $10. ■• ... , -. „•■, .' ■ ■ ' .
Charles 11. and Frances A. ' Reynolds to Jo
seph A. ;Donohoe, lot on NW corner of C street
and Forty-third avenue, W 82:6 by N 120; $10.
■Mary M. B. Martin to .Valentine- Armbruster,
lot on S line of 1, street.- 57:6 W of Tenth ave
nue. 25 by S 100; $10. ■?<; • ■-■,<■'■■ . -. 
; Charles H. : Reynolds to Joseph A. Donohoe,'
lots 1 to 4 and 48. block , 500, entire of Haley
Purchase; 110. . ■-. ■■ ■■•■... ..--'
; Lucy M. Smith to Rolla R. Smith, lot com
mencing 130:6 W from SW corner of G?neva and
Howth streets, 8 144:6. W, 36:6. N 23. W 75,"
N.21:6,:e 60, N 100. E 55:6, portion of block 11,
San Miguel City; $10. - v ; . -
Philip and Julia A. M«-«"h»>ad • to Stanley W.
Mnrshead. lot 687. Gift Map 2: $1. . . >
Sarah Blumenthal to Flora Ellon. lots 953 and
955. Gift Map 3; : $10. . . • . ■ ; .-.--.•-.
Nicola Bertolonl to Pletro Bertoloni, all In
terest in following: Lot on NE.llne of ■Twenty
ninth avenue, 225 NW of J street, NW 25 by
NE 100, block 517, Bay View Tract: also lot on
NE line of Twenty-ninth : avenue. ' 150 NW of ■J.
street. NW 50 by NE 100. block 517, same; also
lot on •NE line of : Twenty-ninth ■ avenue, r 250
NW of ' J street, i NW 25 by NE 100, block 517
same; also lot on NE line of. Twenty-ninth ave
nue. 200 NW of J street. XNW. 25 by NE; 100
block 517. same: also lot on NE.llne. of Twenty
ninth avenue.; 27s SE of X ; street, SE 50 by NE
10n. block 517. same ; $50. * • <.'•:■, :■ > : - . ;
. Lulel . Camblazo . and "G. B. Chlolno •to same,
all Interest In lot on NE line of Twenty-ninth
avenue. 130 NW of J street, NW 65:10 by NE
i 100. block 517, : name ;»]00.- -; - :•«■-.- .■ %
- Pletro ; Bertoloni - and > 1., Gambia to G. , B.
Chlolno,' all : interest :-; In ..: lot. on NE ; line .of
Twenty-ninth ■ avenue, 237:6 NW of J street
NW 87:6 by:NE 100. block 517. same; $100
Pietro Bertoloni and G. B. Chioino to Lulglo
Camblazo. all Interest In lot ' on *NE line of
Twenty-ninth - avenue. 215:10 NW of J- street
NW 21:8 by NE 100. Mock : 517. same; $50. - '
_:■',- Alameda ; County. • •;-■-" v
'■? Charles H. J Johnson -* 'administrator > estate
Cecelia A. , Johnson) to James Washington,- un
divided half interest ■In ■ lot ; on W ' line of . Ade
l£VoSV«s $135.' Thlrt >'- 8econ ?:; 8 25 by W
r Joaqulna' Rogers to ! Manuel f Rogers, ; all - ln
terest In lot on W line of Louise street. 250 N
of B, N 25 by W IS3, being subdivision C, In lot
10, block 799, Wattß Tract, Map 2, Oakland; $10.
William J. and Emma F Tucker to N. Era
mett May, lot on SW line of East Nineteenth
street, 150 SE of Fourth avenue, SE 25 by SW
150, block 103. Clinton. East Oakland; $10.
D. and Bertha Sternscher to Eugene Cuneo,
all Interest in lots 27 and 28, block 1, BertWer's
Addition to Jones Tract, Brooklyn Township;
1150.
George and Anna E. Lydlksen to Mary E.
Fortier. lot on SW line r" Brlggs avenue, 800
SE of High street. SE en by SW 208, being lot
29, Brlggs Tract, Alameda, warranty deed;
$2000.
E. M. and Jennie A. Smith and Edward K.
Taylor to T. B. Draper. lot on N line of Eagle
avenue. 34:7 W of Willow street, W 34:7 by N
120, Alameda: $500.
Builders' Co~tracts.
Lucy and Charles Rickoff (owners) with
Walker Bros. Company (contractors), archi
tect none, all work except plumbing for a one
and a half story frame cottage on E line of
Stanyan street, 73 S of Alma avenue, S 25 by
100: $990.
Nicola Marini (owner) with A. Caccla and J.
Pecarlch (contractors): architect, W. O. Banks;
all work except plumbing and painting for a
three-story and rough basement frame dwell
ing on W line of Mason street. 65:9 N of
Green, N 34:4V4 by W 137:6; $3700.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL..
Miss E Noble, Sacto A Curtis. San Leandro
Mrs N B Manning. Sac Mrs W J Lorlng L Ang
J W Kearney, Omaha B S Sprague &w, N V
J J Gardner. L Ang Mrs W W Davis. N J
L J Kent, Sacramento Miss M Davis, N J
M J Nugent, Tumft R R Chevalier & w.Cal
W A Monroe &w. Ft B F Oarber. Salinas
Jones S H Garber. Salinas
W W Kelly, Butte Mrs C Erickson. Cal
C L Russell &w, Cal Miss Anglon, Folsom
E S Moultron & son, F H Trlebel &w, Cal
Riverside E C Hurt. Sacramento
DrAE Osborn &w, J J Sinclair &w, Sac
Eldrldge C E Jeffrey & w, Cal
W Smith & w. Napa A E Schofield, Cal
C S La Rue, Yountvlle J E Lombard, U S N
J H Seawell, Ukiah J W Bowen, Los Ang
J Q White, Ukiah \V G Jasper, Wheatlnd
J C Ruddock, Ukiah R H Chase, PorterviUe
W Nicholls Jr, D Flat E R Murphy. Denver
F E Hlnch & w, Oallup F J McGanney. Merced
J Poundstone, Grimes F H Johnson, L Ang
C E Mitchell. L Beach IE Milllken. Mexico
W S Green Colusa W S Gatewood. Chlcgo
X Fellows, Wash, D C F J Brandon. San Jose
G Williams Union Is S Frankenhelmer, Stkn
PALACE HOTEL.
E B Smith, Chicago W Bayly Jr. Los Ang
J L Doly, DC O L Noble. Indiana
3 Allen, Buena Park Mrs B Smith, Indiana
rs J Sparks, Redondo E W Runyon & w, Cal
Mrs J Tennle. Texas A M Gardner &w. Npa
T Springer, Chicago Miss R Gardner. Napa
B Cartwright. Illinois IJ F Farraher. Yreka
Miss X Cartwrlght, 111 J Garwood, Stockton
B Cartwright Jr, 111 Miss L Henry, Cal
E M Glldden, Boston H M I^ands, Nevada
G E Grlswold. Chicago W Bayly & w, Los Ang
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
R Qulnn, S Diego J D McManus, Cal
Mrs A Olßen, Chicago P M Sullivan. Sonora
Mrs E Prodan, Chicago J Boyle, Madera
S Waller, L Ang C M Broderlck, Chlco
S V Marling. Portland J M Carolan, R Vista
Miss M Whitney, Cal |J Considine, Englewood
H Bennlngton, Cal C H Soelke, Chicago
H T Clarke & w, Cal IS Stedeman, Chicago
P Murphy, S Jose A R Moulton. Chicago
C H Rossback. Cal J Hamilton Jr, Cal
S A Howell, Oakdale
BALDWIN HOTEL.
A A Brown, San Jose Miss Cunningham, Cal
Dr McPike. Vallejo Mrs Stocklnbotham.Cal
A M Dean, Redding G A Brendt. Cal
J York, r S N J A McKenzie, Merced
X G Emerson, Cal W Thompson, Modesto
I B Dockweiler, La Ang E E Llsslne, El Paso
J M Gonigle. Ventura W G Week, Chicago
A Ramlßh, Lob Ang G S Aldman, Cal
J S Werrin. Nevada F Blrdsall & w, Sacto
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographie
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit th«
office, where complete seta of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are ks»pt on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, If any, is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., In charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low-
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Pntnt;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 8.
Sun rises 5:46
Sun sets 6:29
Moon rises 11:29 p. m
\v
4
n
i
2
2
8:48
9:25
9:52
10:12
10:31
12
1:
2:
ti
4:
6:0!
7:i;
8:1(
9(X
9:4!
10:21
4.4
4.5
4.7
4.8
4.9
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hard column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions tc the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrogrnphlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exrhange, San Francisco, Cal., Sep
tember 7, 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
I. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Glenßyle.:. :..'..
Washtenaw.:...
Coos 8ay...:....
Crescent, City...
San J05e........
Curacao
Columbia
Walla Wa11a,...
Alliance .......
0rizaba....:....
Arcata...... .....
Pomona
Coptic......
Slam
Mackinaw.....'.
Wellington;..;..
Ch11kat..........
H0mer.::.r......
Willamette |
Czarina ]
Santa R05a.....
Umatllla:.'
State California!
North F0rk..... j
Bertha. . rr. ;r. :;: !
inn* ami japan I
acoma
[ewport
rescent City
anama
texlco
ortland
Ictorla & Puget Sound
fonolulu
1umb01dt; .;:.."...;..- I
oos Bay '
an Diego
hina and Japan ........
analmo '
acoma ....:..
'eparture Bay .......;;.
[umboldt .............:..
fewport 7..;. I
cattle .....v.
pattle ............"'.
an Diego
Ictorla & Puget Sound
ortland ;.........
[umboldt ."..........
t. Michael-. .....'
t.
.1
.12
:.12
.12
Ml
L.14
: 14
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Pier.
nta RosaiSan Diego.... I Sept. 8. 11 ami Pier 11
le «n, Vie & Pgt Sd. Sept. 8. 10 am Pier 9
apuleo ..Panama Sept. 8,12 roPMSS
"Kat Humboldt .... Sept. 8. 9 amlPier 11
ivarro ... Taqulna Bay. ISept. 8, 5 pmipier 13
e £? y !?...-" China & Japan I Sept. 10. 1 pmjPMSS
W Elder Portland 'Sept. 10, 10 am;Pler H
ps Bay... Newport ISept. 10, 9 am I Pier 11
lzaba ....IHumboldt ....ISept.ll, 10 amlPler 9
pata ICoos Bay ISept. 11, in am I Pier 13
mona ....iSan Diego.... jsept. 12. 11 am Pier 11
lumbia ..Portland. Sept. 13. 10 am Plir 12
fllla Wall I \ Ic & P(rt Sd. Sept. 13, 10 am Pier a
>mer ..... Newport ISept. 14. 9am|Pler 11
ite of Cal| Portland i Sept. 16, 10 am ' Pier 12
Pier 11
Pier 9
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
__, Wednesday, September 7.
_ Q tmr Thistle, Williams. 13 days from Bristol
Bay.
U S stmr Albatross. Curtis, 12 days from
Acapulco.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen, 16 hours from Hardy
Creek.
Stmr Westport, Peterson, 19 hours from Bear
Harbor.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 26 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Bonlta, Olsen, 78 hours from San Diego.
Stmr Washtenaw, Qroacup, 79 hours from
Tacoma.
Stmr Curacao, Yon Helms, 9 days from
Guaymas. via Ensenarla and San Pedro.
Schr La Chllena, Matsen 9 hours from Port
Ross.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, 4S hours from
Bihlers Point.
Schr Ocean Spray, Oetlln, IS houre from
Iversens Landing.
Schr Coqutlle, Pearson, 5 days from Coqullle
River.
Schr Lizzie Brlen, Hansen, 4 days from Cres
cent Cltv.
Schr Lily, Bottgrer, 5 days from Umpqua.
CLEARED.
Wednesday. September 7.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Moana, Carey, Honolulu and Sydney;
J. D. Spreckels & Bros. Co.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanalmo; R.
Dunsmulr Sons Company.
Nor stmr Tltanla, Egenes, Nanaimo; John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
Stmr Queen, Jepsen, Victoria and Port-^
Townsend; Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Br ship Earl of Dalhousie, Thompson, Port
land; E. C. Evans.
Bark Vldette, Dodd, Victoria; Felix San
tallier.
Ger bark Marco Polo, Schonwandt, Taltal;
Balnur, Guthrle & Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, September 7.
Stmr State of California. Thomas, AstorU-
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre. Nanalmo.
Stmr Hueneme, Johnson. Trinidad.
Bark Vidette, Dodd, Victoria.
Brig W. G. Irwln. Williams, Honolulu.
Schr Melancthon, Bellesen. Coos Bay.
Schr Guide, Olsen, Crescent City. •
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, CocjulTl*
River.
Schr Enterprise, Persen. I'sal.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Sept. 7, 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Br stmr Condor loads Government sup
plies for Manila.
The Arago loads lumber at Port Blakeley for
Honolulu.
The Clackmananshire loads wheat at Port
land for Europe, 355; Largo Bay, same voyage,
36s 3d.
M rS^ELL ANEOUS. .
LONDON, Sept. 7.— Stmr Zealand la, from
Manila, previously reported at Nagasaki for
San Francisco, has sustained sllsrht damage,
but numerous repairs will require 20 days.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Westport from Bear Harbor Sept.
7— Sept. 5 at 7 a. m., while running a line to
the wharf at Bear Harbor, ship's boat capsized
and Second Mate Charles Smith, aged 39 years.
a native of Sweden, was drowned. Body was
not recovered up to the time the Westport left.
SPOKEN.
July 28— On equator, no long, Br bark Zlnita,
from Oregon for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Protection,
from St. Michael.
DUTCH HARBOR— In port Aug 29— Ship Sin
tram, from Comox; Br ship Ilala, from New
castle. N. S. W.
NUSHAGAK— SaiIed Aug 19— Bark Merom,
for San Francisco. Aug 20— Ship Indiana, for
San Francisco. Aug 23— Schr Prosper, for Ban
Francisco.
KARLUK— SaiIed Aug Sl— Bark Coryphene.
for San Francisco.
FISH ROCK— Arrived Sept 7— Schr Nettto
Sundberg, hence Aug 81.
STEWARTS POlNT— Arrived Sept 7— Bchr
Archie and Fontle, her.ee Sept S.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed pt 7— Schr
Monterey, for San Francisco.
ALBlON— Arrived Sept 7— Stmr Cleons, hencs
Sept 6.
USAL— Arrived Sept 6— Schr Edward Parke,
hence Sept 6.
VENTURA— Arrived Sept 7— Stmr George
Loomis, hence Sept 6.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Sept 7— Bktn Uncla
John, for Eureka.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Sept 7— Schr W. H.
Talbot, from Port Townsend. Sailed Sept 7—7 —
Schr Maria E. Smith, for .
EUREKA— Arrived Sept B— Schr Bertha Dot
beer, from San Diego.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Sept 7— Schr
Mary Etta, hence Sept 3.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Sept 7— Schr
Ida Schnauer, from Bowens Landing.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Sept 7— Haw ship
John Ena, for Port Pirle.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 7— Schr Bessie X,
hence Sept 2; stmr National City, hence Sept •.
Sailed Sept 7— Schr Mary F. Russ, for ;
stmr Brunswick, for
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Sept 7— Schr Eclipse, for
Eureka.
COOS BAY— Sailed Sept 7— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Sept 7— Stmr Columbia, for
San Francsioo.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Sept 7— Schr Emma and
Louisa.
EUREKA— SaiIed Sept 7— Btmrs Newburg,
Scotia and National City, for San Francisco;
schr Lottie Carson, for San Diego.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Sept 7— Schr
Mary Etta, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Sept
3 — Ship Iroquois, from Honolulu, and wai
ordered to New York.
BALTIMORE— Arrived Sept 6— Ship Marlon
Chllcott, from Havre. i-'-'i ; /
FOREIGN PORTS.
ENSENADA— SaIted F-->t s— Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco via San Pedro.
SYDNEY— Arrived SeDt 6— Stmr Marfposa,
hence Aug 11.
TAKr— Arrived Sept s— Ship Benjamin F.
Packard, from Tacoma.
CALLAO— Arrived Ausr 26— bark Lyder
horn, from Port Townsend.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed Sept Ger bark Nomia, *
for Dublin.
HULL— Balled Aug 31— ship Primrose Hill,
for San Francisco. ■ i
- ATLANTIC STEAMERS. 4
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 7— Stmr Booth- 1
wark, for Antwerp; stmr Britannic, for Liver- \
pool. A
Arrived Sept 7 — Stmr Amsterdam, frm Rot
terdam.
HAMBURG— SaiIed Sept 7— Stmr Assyrian,
for Baltimore.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Sept Stmr Serda,
for New. York.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Rotter
dam, from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept. 7— Stmr Teu
tonic, from' New York.
BALTIMORE— Sept 7— Stmr Dres
den, from Bremen.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
SHVJS&ISft 6 S - AUSTRALIA
3af3K9EE EatlB for Honolulu only
|*E»T"««W Wednesday, September
■ ->J 21, at 2 p. m.
GHS\VS\ The S. S. ALAMEDA
/NjMflMlD^ sails via Honolulu and
G»ttHllJlH r ' Auckland for Sydney
{OHlß3l2£r» Wednesday. October 5.
\wuifJMib«| at 2 a. m. •
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
TOWN. South Africa.
J. D. BPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
■ ' ■ 114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— Market st.. San Francisco. .
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
h|k . . Steamers - leave Broadway
WMjb^^ wharf. San Francisco:
ifiwwH|lL_ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
HRCMi Sept. 3, 8, 13, IS. 23. 28. October
BiWw 3 - transfer at Seattle. '
RB§K"oJjii! For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
■H&ggjSffiSl c'■ Port Townsend, Seattle,
r^^lMß^Mfl Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
New Whatcom (Wash.), 10
a, . m., Sept. ■3, 8, 13, 18, 23, 28,
October J, and every fifth day thereafter,
transfer at Seattle to this company's steamer* ,
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma to N.
P Ry at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. . •
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m. Sept. .
5, ■■. 11, 17, 23, 29. ' Oct. 5, and every sixth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obtspo),
Gavlota. ' Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Sept, 2, 6, 10, 14. IS, 22, 28,
30, Oct. 4 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har- '
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m. Sept. 4, 8. 12. 16, 20. 24. 28. Oct. I and'
every fourth ■ day , thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 18th <of
every ■ month. • • ■", ■
For further Information obtain folder.
The ■ company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
an* hmir« of co'line-.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). '
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND.
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a, m.
FARC $12 First Class Including Berths
iHnt $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California ; ..Sept. 7, I*. 25
Geo. W. Elder Sept. 10, 1», 2«
Columbia Sept. 13, 22. Oct. 1
St. Paul :...$l6 CO I St. Louis 31 00
Kansas ; City ..... 26 00 ! Chicago ........... 24 00
Omaha... 26 00 New York ........ 3100
• E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantic^.
French Line to Havre.
Company's pier • (new) 42 North i^m*
i River, foot of Morton st. Travelers 4£3953S
i by this line avoid both transit by w*i**»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Parts, first class, $140;
second class, $116. ..
LA CHAMPAGNE .Sept. 10. 10 a. m.
LA NAVARRE Sept. 17. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE Sept. 24, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE. T Oct. 1. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE Oct. 8. 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to •
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent. •
■ : No. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
3: F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
«ye.. San Francisco. ' . v
BAY Ax*D BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
: Steamer "lYlontlcslio."
Mon.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat....
9:45 a. m.. 8:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays.. ............1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ............ .......10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
'Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pier a,
. :.; ; .Telephone Red. 2241. '.".
JAKE TfiE BOAT TO SAN JOSE.
"EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY. TOO. at 10 a." m.
Steamer ALVISO, Clay street .Wharf. , Fare 75c.
' ; -Delightful . Bay Trip, 44 miles -• and i return.
On- Sundays, Excursion,'. $1. ; -
*:.--■--■ ' ■ .ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
DIRECTORS
ARE ANGRY
Denounce Statements of
Mr. Cuvellier.
MRS. KNOX TO LOOK ON
BAYS THE TEN MEN ON THE
BOABD MUST ACT.
Councilman Girard Thinks That a
Change in the School 'System
Is Perhaps De
sirable.
Oakland Offire San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 7.
The statement of Councilman Cuvellier
read by himself to the Board of Educa
tion last night has created intense in
terest. Coming at this particular time Mr.
Cuvellier's attack on the methods of the
school board may be said to be timely, for
the department estimates asking for large
Bums of money are already in the hands
of the Council, which body must fix a tax
levy before October 1.
Again, next spring a new board of Edu
cation .will have to be elected, and if af
ter the public interest has been aroused It
should be found that some changes are
necessary, the polls will be the , proper
place to testify to such desire on the part
of parents and taxpayers.
Meanwhile the members of the Board of
Education are roundly denouncing Mr.
Cuvellier's statement as outrageous false
hoods, although some give him ci^dit for
a conscientious desire to do sometmng for
the benefit of all, while declaring at the
same time that he got off on the wrong
track. Dr. Myra Knox says this Is., a
man's fight and" she is going to let them
fight It out. •■■
"There are ten - men directors on the
board," she said, "to one woman, and I
am going to keep out of it. Even if Mr.
Cuvellier's charges ■ be true, they should
not be charged -to the Board of
Education. The school course is pre-
Bcribed by the State and the Board of
Education cannot alter It. ' We make our
demand every year for such an amount of I
money as we think we require, and the
Council cuts us down, leaving too many
scholars to each teacher." ■!
Councilman 'Girard. who is an ex-mem
ber of the Board of Education, says there
are only eight children out of every 100
who go to the University from the High i
School course.
"Now, what is the use of keeping up a
standard so. high when so few avail
themselves of it?" he asked to-day. "The
course is too high altogether. There are
too many things in It that ought to be
left out. The . public schools were intend
ed to give children a common education,
and those who want more . than that
ought to pay for.it." ••
Dr. J. Hamilton Todd, a School Direc
tor, defends Superintendent- McClymonds
against Mr. Cuvellier's charges of dicta
torship and hypnotism, and says that his
statements are not fair. Dr. Todd says
that it is preposterous th§.t Mr. Cuvellier
should promulgate such a mass of mis-
Information.
Principal J. B. McChesney, who has
been at the head of the High School for
nearly a generation, credits Mr. Cuvel
lier with being prompted by a right mo
tive, but being led away from his origi
nal intention. -a ■.;>-. ■ .••
'•The course of study was prepared af
ter long consideration," said - Principal
■McChesney. "The aim • was to get as j
rroqd. »v course as we could, and we did it.
We' cannot" get perfect things with im
perfect tools, and Mr. Cuvellier does not
understand the situation properly."
Superintendent McClymonds- has filed
a report with the Board of Education,
showing in detail : the course of study
that is now pursued. It is in part an an
swer to the statements of Mr. Cuvellier.
Several professors at the- University, of
California were seen to-day and asked for
their opinion as to the students who
come to Berkeley from the Oakland and
San Francisco high schools.' They were
unanimous in saying that these two pre
paratory, schools sent out the- best mate
rial which the college has. ' . ■-"■ .
Professor- Frank Soule of the depart
ment of mining- and civil engineering
thought that Mr. Cuvellier's charges were
altogether, unjustifiable. "The students
that; wo .get from Oakland and
Pan Francisco." he declared, "compare
favorably with those that come from
other parts of the State. I know of no in
stance- where their scholarship or stand
ing has fallen so low as to be a subject
of remark. On the contrary, .-.their work
is. In my; opinion, unusually : good, and it
is in no way subject to- such criticism as
.seems to have been made. I' feel' sure that
any one who" would start such a" report as
that must, have, been' prejudiced:"' .
•• Professor Elmer J. Brown, head of the
department of- pedagogy and one of the
leading authorities on school systems,
•aid: "So far. as my experience goes I
should think that the Oakland school sys
tem compares well with any other in the
State. • Just at present I have no statis
' tics to appeal to. but my impression Is, as
. I have said, that on the average-Its rank
Is high. Of course it has faults, but not
such , as are peculiar to tho Oakland
schools in themselves. I believe they are
Improving rapidly. The new course of
study recently adopted is certainly an Im
provement, I know of nothing as far as
the grammar school system goes, which
Is open to such rash and wholesale criti
cism as seems to have been made T>efon>
the meeting of the Oakland Board of Ed
ucation last night." ' • -■
The professors- in tho • English depart
ment spoke in high praise ox the Oakland
and San Francisco students. "They are,"
feald Professor Bradley, "the best rounded
out material. that we have.: They. are cer
tainly the most thoroughly prepared -for
•university training, and I think that the
schools themselves are . improving rap
idly."- " : '
Professor Thomas R. Bacon of the de
partment of history and political science
was. much surprised that any such charge
could have been made. "I am certainly
astonished that a statement of that kind
could have been made about the Oakland
and ' San Francisco schools," he said.
"The students that they send here 'are
among the best we have." ~ ■ .:-
OAKLAND COUNCILMEN
FIX THE TAX LEVY
THEY PROVIDE FOR A LARGE
INCREASE.
In the First Night's Work Auditor
Snow's Figures Are Exceeded
by $50,000.
OAKLAND, Sept. 7.— The City Council
met to-night to toko up the matter of fix-
Ing the tax levy, which must be complet
ed by September 20. and finally adopted
and approved by the Mayor before the
first Monday In October. City Auditor
Snow was asked by Mr. Prlnglo if he
eou.d not cut $GOO oft* his asslßtant's ac
count, and Mr. Snow replied that he had
not Increased the expenses of his office
Ht all since 1889, although the work has
Increased 40 per cent. Every other de
partment, he Baid, had increased largely.
Some objection was made to sponding
$000 for water for the City Hall. Pringle
proposed that it be cut to $250, and Audi
tor Snow took the Council's breath away
by stating that $350 had already been
Bpent. It was decided to put $3000 in the
fund for a police and fire alarm for the
annexed district as soojr as thfd suit de
termining its legality is decided. A dis
tuspion took place as to the fund for feed
for the fire department. Last year the
contract was let at $9 20, this year it is
$26 40. Chairman Heitman said that the
city could buy its horse feed in the open
market and the contract could not re
strain it. By this means many thou
sands of dollars could be saved this year.
Mr. Cuvellicr made the statement that
there is an engine in West Oakland which
Is a menace to the life of the men every
time they take it out. Chief Ball said It
was true. It was decided not to allow
the Mayor an urgent necessity fund of
$500, but to allow it to the Chief of Po
lice. The sum of $38,500 was added to the
sewer fund for the proposed improve
ments to the sewers on each side of Lake
Merritt. By the first night's work on the
tax levy the Council increased the Audi
tor's figures $50,000, in the face of Mr.
Snow's statement that he had allowed
every cent the legal tax levy would per
mit.
SAYS HIS BOOKS ABE OPEN.
Street Superintendent Miller end
Oakland's Auditor Have a lilt.
OAKLAND, Sept. 7.— There was a little
tilt at the meeting of the Board of Works
this morning. City Auditor Snow stated
that he had been criticized for pasing
bills for work ordered by the board,
amounting to more than $200 and not done
by contract as the charter provides. He
also called attention to the bills for street
work, which were sent to him from the
Street Superintendent's office, which did
not show what resolution authorized such
work. He suggested the board rescind all
resolutions authorizing the Street Super
intendent to employ men and beginning
anew adopt resolutions for each piece of
work as it came .up. He said also that if
improvements went on at the present rate
there would be no money in the treasury
by April 1. and went so far as to intimate
that the bills and time book of the Super
intendent had been twi9ted to give em
ployment to favored ones.
Superintendent Miller promptly replied
that his books were always open for in
spection, and that he knew of no irregu
larities.
Considerable discussion followed, Miller
finally stating that If Snow would show
him how he wanted the bills made out he
would follow his suggestions.
ANNUAL SESSION uF
BOARD OF MISSIONS
THE ORGANIZATION JUBILEE
CELEBRATED.
Mrs. H. E. Jewett Re-elected Presi
dent — Interesting Address
Before the Woman's Board
in Oakland.
OAKLAND, Sept. 7.— The \ .nual Bes
slon of the Woman's Board of Mlsslonß of
the Pacific Coast was held in the First
Congregational Church to-day. Mre. H.
E. Jewett presided. Those taking part In
the morning exercises were Alice E. Har
wood, Miss Conrian, Miss Abble O. Cha
pln, Elizabeth Torrey and Miss J. Elts
holts.
The annual election resulted In the re
election of Mrs. H. E. Jewett as presi
dent, Mrs. J. K. McLean. Mrs. W. C.
Pond, Mrs. S. T. Fisher, Mrs. Q. C.
Adams and Mrs. 8. F. Smith as vice pres
idents, Mrs. W. J. Wilcox and Mrs. C. B.
Bradley as home secretaries; Mrs. C. W.
Farnum, foreign secretary; Mrs. A, E.
Chlttenden, recording secretary; Mrs.
Dodge, treasurer, and Rev. Walter Frear,
auditor.
The silver jubilee service was held this
afternoon, with the following pro
gramme:
Jubilee poem, Mrs. L. M. Howard; congratu
lations from branch presidents and slater
boards; "A Quarter Century— Woman's Board."
home work by Mrs. C. B. Bradley, foreign
work by Mrs. C. W. Farnum; treasurer's re
port, Miss B. B. Merriam; vocal solo; Jubilee
silver offering; "Our Work In the Caroline
Islands." Mlbs L. E. Wilson; young ladles'
hour, addresses by the Misses Gertrude and
Grace Wyckoff of Pang: Chuang, China; vocal
rolo; "China and the Chinese," Mrs. Albert
P. Peck of Pang Chuane. The vocal solos
were given by Mrs. Hathaway, Miss Mabel
Walker, Miss Bradley and Putnam Orlswold.
Alameda Board of Education.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 7.— At a meeting of
the Board of Education last evening a
plight change was made in the rules gov
erning the employment of substitute
teachers. .
Four sets of bids for furnishing coal and
wood to the department for the coming
year were opened and referred to a. com
m.Uee for examination. There was little
difference between ariy of the bldtf.'
Librarian's Report.
ALAMEDA. Sept. 7.— There was to have
been a meeting of the Library Trustees
last evening, but no quorum was present.
The librarian's report shows "144 holders
of cards, the greatest number ever Issued,
and a total of 10.441 books drawn for the
month. He recommends no further pur
chases of reference books for a while, but
Instead that the sets of standard authors
be filled, as the demand is large and many
sets have become depleted through con
stant use.
Librarian Weller, who Is an attorney by
profession, also tendered his eerviceß free
THEY WERE QUIETLY MARRIED
Frank D. Willey and Miss Regina de Belmor Sa
the Binding Words.
Mißs Reglna de Belmor and Frank D. Willey were quietly married last
evening at the Willey residence, 704 Stockton street, by the Rev. Father
Jones. Owing to the recent death of the bride's mother only the immediate
relatives received Invitations to witness the marriage ceremqny. The bride
Is a niece of Christopher A. Buckley, and the groom is the only son of O.
F. Willey, a prominent merchant of this city. Miss Lilly Bemls attended
the bride, and W. H. Stlnson was the groom's best man. At the close of the
marriage ceremony the guests were entertained at an elaborate supper In
the banquet hall of the San Francisco Club. Mr. and Mrs. Willey will
spend their honeymoon visiting Southern California.
GAVE HER LIFE IN
HUMANITY'S CAUSE
NURSE SUCCUMBS IN THE PER-
FORMANCE OF DUTY.
Heroic Self-Sacrifice of Mary Frances
Dolan. Who Contracted Consump
tion in City and County
Hospital.
"Sacrificed her life in the pursuance of
duty." This epitaph might properly be
placed upon the stone which will mark
a newly made grave In Holy Cross Ceme
tery.
Mary Frances Dolan was a bright, at
tractive girl, Just budding into woman
hood. Two years ago she determined to
give her life to nursing the sick, and
entered the California Training School
for Nurses. After twelve months' pre
liminary instruction uhe was riven a
place In the City and County Hospital
at a nominal salary of $10 per month to
aid In tho care of consumptive patients.
THE SA*T FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1898.
of charge to the board in the matter of
the suit brought against the board be
cause of the Harbourne defalcation.
Dogs Poisoned.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 7.— A. Newman, a
San Francisco business man. residing at
1232 San Jose avenue, has offered a re
ward of $200 for the arrest and production
of testimony sufficient to convict the per
son who poisoned a valuable black cocker
spaniel belonging to him. Some one has
recently poisoned three valuable dogs in
that neighborhood and it is proposed if
possible to punish the guilty parties.
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 7.— Judge A. B. Hunt,
the recently appointed Register of the
San Francisco Land Office, who is a resi
dent of Alameda, entered upon the duties
of his office to-day.
Harry Masterson of the firm of Heck
man & Masterson of San Francisco is to
be married this evening to Miss Maude
Miller at the residence of the bride's par
ents, 2110 Santa Clara avenue.
George Henderson,, a youth of 12, was
arrested this morning for imitating his
elders by Jumping off a narrow gauge
train at Chestnut station while in motion.
The Veterans' Republican Club of this
city has unanimously Indorsed D. T. Hard
for t..e position of Justice of the Peace
of this township.
A farewell surprise party was tendered
to Percy Bordwell last evening on the oc
casion of his departure to enter the Co
lumbia Law School^in New York.
A .Death, in the Eighth.
CAMP BARREIT, Sather Tract. Sept.
7.— Victor Peterson of Company F. Eighth
Regiment, died at his home, 2422 Merry
street, West Berkeley. to-da-. He had
been suffering from a complication of
troubles, principally pneumonia, and had
been removed to his home some time ago.
Deceased was 22 years of age.
MOTHER AND CHILD
MUST SEPARATE
DAISY DAY'S ONLY HOPE IS TO
BE TAKEN AWAY.
Mrs. Bay Grows Worse and Is Threat
ened With. Death From
Starvation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 7.
The officials of the County Infirmary
have reached the conclusion that if the
mind of Miss Daisy Day is to be saved
she must be separated from her mother.
As the young lady will not leave her pa
rent for an Instant, and as the mother
believes that her daughter Is the only one
who can save her from destruction, the
task before the Commissioners is a deli
cate and difficult one.
Mrs. Bandy, the matron of the infirm
ary, says that since Mrs. Day was taken
there a week ago she has refused to
touch a crumb of food and is actually
dying of starvation. The matron sees no
hope for the mother, but declares that
the girl is curable. Some new informa
tion relative to the mother has recently
come to light which adds to the necessity
for separating her from her daughter.
Mrs. Day has threatened to commit sui
cide, and several times before being ar
rested for Insanity she went daily to a
grocery store and stood on the scales to
Bee if she were disappearing from this
world.
The mother has also expressed a strong
attachment for her sister's stepson, a
young man not much OiUer than her
daughter. She was very anxious to
marry him and tried to persuade her sis
ter not to oppose the match.
Both the mother's and daughter's minds
are steadily becoming worse, and if some
thing be not done with Mrs. Day at once
Bhe will starve to death. A medical com
mission will examine both ladies to-mor-
row.
Left a Rich Estate.
OAKLAND, Sept. 7.— The appraisement
of the estate of Daniel Titus, filed to-day
by E. T. Henshaw, Frank S. Oliver and
Charles E. Navlor. shows a valuation of
$113.214 81. Of this amount $23,512.21 is rep
resented by cash, $2?,000 by realty and the
balance by htitos'and personal property.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND. Sept. 7.— The divorce suit
of Ida A. Zabel against carl J.
commenced in Stanislaus County, has
been transferred to this county.
The hospital committee of the Rod
Cross Bociety this morning made an ap
peal for eggs and delicacies for the sick
soldiers at Camp Barrett.
The water froi:t case was resumed be
fore Judge Osrden this morning and con
siderable testimony was adduced relative
to the dedication of streets at the water
front. The trial has now gone over until
the 20th.
When she began this labor she was in
robust health. After a few months had
passed Mary developed a hacking cough
but still she clung to her duties in the
ward, neglecting the warning. Strange
ly enough the physicians in the hospital
allowed her to continue to minister to
sufferers from lung disease and the
germs of tuberculosis gained a fatal hold
upon her system. Finally the day came
not long ago when she herself became a
hopeless patient, suffering from the dis
ease. On September 2 the spirit of the
nurse departed.
The young heroine was quietly buried
from the family residence, 936 Church
street, on Monday. The only written rec
ord of her life work is the death certifi
cate filled out by Dr. M. O. Austin and
filed with the statistician: "Death from
tuberculosis, contracted in the City and
County Hospital."
She died In the performance of duty
not as brave men have recently died
amid the excitement of battle but as
many brave women die every year
quietly fighting Death at the bedsides of
the sick.
On a Vacation Trip.
Captains Holies and Bulger, Local In
spectors of Steam Vessels, will leave to
day for a three weeks' vacation In Oregon
and Washington.
FAVOR CONSOLIDATION.
Agitation of a City and County Gov
ernment Revived in Oakland.
OAKLAND, Sept 7.— The joint commit
tee from the Board of Trade and Mer
chants' Exchange appointed several
months ago in the interest of bringing
about a consolidation of the city and
county government met this morning.
Mr. Naismlth reminded the comlnlttee
that the old law providing for the forma
tion of a city and county government had
been repealed, and the committee then
discussed what step should be taken next.
Mr. Naismlth suggested that informal
meetings be held in Fruitvale, Berkeley
and Emeryville to discuss consolidation;
then, too, the committee should first find
out what is necessary to organize such a
government: and the committee should
secure pledges from the Alameda repre
sentatives in regard to the passage of the
necessary legislation. This met favor
with the other members and legal advisers
are to be consulted.
FORTY-FIVE YEARS
OF CHRISTIAN WORK
ANNIVERSARY OF THE FIRST
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.
Appropriate Ceremonies Commemora
tive of the Founding of the His
toric Place of Worship.
OAKLAND, Sept 7.— The forty-fifth an
niversary of the First Presbyterian.
Church was celebrated this evening in
the old church auditorium on Franklin
street, near Fourteenth, which was
crowded. Literary exercises appropriate
to the commemoration of the foundation
of. the church were carried out. Including
an address by Rev. Samuel H. Willey, D.
D., and an historical sketch by Charles A.
Bailey. Dr. McDonald read a lengthy
though exceeding interesting paper con
taining reminiscences of Dr. and Mrs.
Bell, George C. Aldrich, Mrs. Walsworth
and Mrs. John Kelsey, giving practically
a history of the church and biography of
those who were instrumental In founding
and permanently establishing the Presby
terian house of woVship. George D. Gray
read letters from former pastors, all con
gratulatory, especially those from Francis
A. Horton and Rev. Samuel P. Sprecher,
the latter admonishing the congregation
"Not to let the big Eastern churches take
their pastor, Rev. Mr. Coyle, away." Hen
ry L. Kingmade a brief address with a vein
of rich humor interwoven; Mr. W. F. Cur
tis delivered an impressive address In
merrioriam and Rev. Dr. Coyle spoke also.
These various parts were interspersed with
musical selections of a vocal character
by members of the church choir, and
withal the occasion was a memorable one
in the history of the church that started
forty-five years ago with a handful of
members and which can now boast of a
congregation of nearly two thousand.
CO-EDS ABE GRATEFUL.
They Thank Mrs. Phebe Hearst for
Furnishing Their Quarters in
East Hall.
BERKELEY, Sept. ".—The Associated
Women Students of the University of Cal
ifornia have shown their appreciation of
Mrs. Phebe Hearst's generosity in fur
nishing 1 their quarters in East hall by
the following resolutions, adopted at
their last meeting:
"Whereas, the study room In East
hall, provided for the use of the women
students of the University of Califor
nia, has been comfortably and taste
fully furnished through the generosity of
Mrs. Phebe Hearst, be it
"Resolved, That the Associated Women
Students do hereby express their appre
ciation of Mrs. Hearst's thoughtfulness.
That the Associated Women Students, In
thoir feelings of love, sincerely desire her
permission to have her portrait placed in
the room; and that a copy of these reso
lutions be sent to Mrs. Hearst, and that
a' copy be spread upon the minutes of
this meeting."
A special committee of young ladies has
been appointed by Miss Anna Grimsby,
president of the Associated Women Stu
clfntK. to be known as the ladies' room
committee. It will consist of Miss Bessie
Wood, Miss Maude Madden, Miss Mary
Hall", Mips Mai, el Williams, Miss Lucy
Dewing and Miss Yarnell. They will have
general charge, of the women's room, and
v.Mll make suggestions from time to time
for' its improvement.
Junior Officers Chosen.
BERKELEY, Sept. 7.— The election of
officers for the junior class. University
of California, was held to-day. The suc
cessful candidates were: President, E.
"W. Deeoto; llrst vice president, A. Ware;
second vice president, Miss T. B. Mitch
ell; secretary, E. A. Oluwsen; treasurer,
Charles Seyler; for the executive commit
tee of the Associated Students— H. A.
Cloud; junior representative in athletic
association, 11. W. Collins.
Hebrew Ladies' Bazaar.
OAKLAND, Sept. ".—The Ladies' Aux
iliary of the First Hebrew Congregation
is arranging to hold a bazaar for the ben
efit of the congregation dur'ng the last
week of October. Mrs. Sol Kann, presi
dent of the auxiliary, wl.i preside at the
bazaar, and Mrs. Bernstein is treasurer.
The following ladies will have charge of
the various booths: Mrs. H. Kahn, Fer
ris wheel; Mrs. Letter, refreshment
booth; Mrs. Magnes, icecream booth; Mrs.
Blinunberg, dolls' booth; Mrs. Marcuse,
cigar booth; Mrs. Oumpel, candies; Mrs.
Levy, pillow booth; Mrs. J. Abrahamson,
flower booth; Miss 11. Hirshberg, Re
bekah at the well; Miss Danielwitz, elec
tion booth; Mrs. Alexander, fish pond;
Miss Sheeline, fancy booth.
Downey's Star Still Shines.
OAKLAND, Sept. 7.— Police Officer
Frank J. Downey has paid his $150 fine.
He paid it just before the city's strong
box was locked last night, and therefore
the Police and Fire Commissioners at
their meeting this morning dropped the
matter and he was not removed, though
the order had been that he should pay by
September 1 or take the consequences.
Chief Fletcher reported that there, had
been 172 arrests in August.
'--:,'/ ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHERE/ ' J&Bf&bL \IMTOX-
~_.._. MHrwß' .
OTHERS / '■> - Jrv «HEM^ \ ITAMT
FAIL g M&LmKof^ MlL
! A vfriuble Klondike* j
; concentrated Malt- nourishment . for, Nursing ? •
. Mothers', whose weak, nervous-, overtaxed) '
i ■systems are incapable of. producing, pun' '
j nourishing milk for the babies., : ' { '
Mothers who drink it dally during* nunin|>
■. • ; period will : always have : excellent ; food for.'
•'■". baby and enjoy good health themselvei.'
; ;;■ v r ■".'.■■; Df»U<Wl»T». ':■:.'■'
Val.Blatz Brewing (ft;
Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale ;■■■:.?
Dealers, 416418 Sacramento Street^
. - San Francisco. ■_• S ■"■.::':: •."; ; ■;■;; ■
V^|k 'Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jL & eS*^C2SKEAKHYST.e S *^C25KEAKHYST. Established
fit*! f"aHa In 185 * for the treatment of Private
■ §Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KEABXTKT. Established
in 1534 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
MWBM disease wearlncon bodyandmlndand
gIMSWHB Skin Diseases. The doctorcurea when
SinU| others fall. Try him. Charges low
< <ire*giinrstnteed. Callorwrlte.
»r. J. r. «iIBBOar ( Box 1997, Francisco. :
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales over o,ooo,ooo Boxes
FOB BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach.
Giddiness, Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness. Drowsiness, Flushings
of Heat, L 033 of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Oold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIBST DOSE WILL GIVE BELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAH'g PILLS, taken as direct*
cd. will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and care Sick Headache, fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OK CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In the World*
25c. at all Drug Stores.
PROCLAMATION.
BTATE Or CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO. July 30th, 1898.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth d»y of January, A. D. 1897,
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
cf the two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
■cribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to-wit:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution to propose to the people of the
Btate of California an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
which it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 18. No county, city, town, township,
board of education or school district shall in-
cur any indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding in any year
the income and revenue provided for it for
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, (nor un-
less before, or at the time of incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the interest on such indebtedness as it falls
due, and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
tame; provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with Interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the Income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon .or
for <ny material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers In said city
and county are hereby eicepted from the pro-
visions of this section; and in determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply In any man-
ner; and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo. In Solano County, may pay Its exist-
ing indebtedness Incurred In the construction
of its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any indebted-
ness or liability Incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
■hall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment t ■.., the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion, to be known and designated as section
«even and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the inhabitants of
counties of local county, government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section r to read 'as follows: \: ■ ■'. --.-'■ ' i-> '.
Section 7%. Th« -inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent- with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to bn elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it shall "be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed In dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the ■ Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county,' and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county. Such proposed county . government act
shall then be published ip two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or if there be
not two such papers, then. ln one only, for at
least • twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication it shall be
submitted, to the qualified electors of such
county, at a general or special election, and If
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
after 'be submitted to the Legislature for Its
■ rejection or approval, as : a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and if ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it ' shall be the county govern-
ment • act of such county, and • shall ,in - such
case .become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county , government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting ■■ forth the submission of such county
fovernment act to the electors, and its ratiflca-
lon by them, shall be made In duplicate and
deposited, one In the office of the Secretary of
State - the other, after being recorded In the
office of the Recorder of Deeds In the county,
among the archives of the county y\ :
All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended, at Intervals of not less " than two
years by proposals . therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, ■to the
ouallned electors thereof, at a. general or spe-
cial election held at least- forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
In a newspaper of general circulation in such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
any alternative article or proposition may be
presented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately . without prejudice to
° ir'snall be competent in all county govern-
ment acts framed under, the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner in
which the times at which, and , the terms for
which the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be l elected or appointed; '; for .. their compensa-
tion- for the •number of such officers, . for the
! consolidation lor segregation of offices, I for the
number of deputios that each officer shall have,
and for the compensation payable to each ;of
such deputies, for the manner in which, the
times In - which, , and the terms for which . the
members of all boards of election : shall :. be
elected or appointed and for the constitution,
• regulation, • compensation and government . of
such boards, and of their clerks. and attaches:
also to prescribe the manner and method •by
which all elections by the people shall be- con-
ducted- and may in addition determine ■ the
tests and conditions . upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations : may partici-
pate >in any primary election, - — .•/.-'.
Whenever any county has, yln the manner
and method herein , pointed out. ; adopted any
' county ': government act, • and ■; the ; same shall
have been approved by the Legislature : as
■ foresaid the direction ' of ■ sections four » and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
of a system of county governments ' throughout
the State and llkewlse«providlng for the elec-
tion and appointment of officers, and the regu-
lation of their compensation, shall not - apply,
Raid county government act shall, as to any of
■ the matters nereinabove | provided for ■ and de-
'! clared iby such county . government act. not be
•übiect to any ; law,' or amendment enacted by
the -Legislature.' except by amendment first
submitted Ito : the I electors" and ► ratified In the
; manner ; hereinabove set ' forth. - -
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE,
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment : No.
44.)
A resolution ' proposing to ' the ;■ people ■of i the
'State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section,
to be known and designated as section five and
1 one-half article six. thereby providing for the
\ organisation » of a court, to ;, be known as the
Court of Claims. «s The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows: -"*■'''• - ■:-;■-..-..-. c 1c 1
Section B\4. The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any. three Judges of the Superior Court.
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
'court at the regular terms thereof. .5 The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
; hear 1 and s determine : all ! claims *■ of i every ; kind
i and s character . against ■ the State, s. under ; such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, • and
Us Judgment ' thereon . shall be final. -•■ The terms
!of l the Court of Claims ' shall be . held as fol-
lows: : . 'r ."■■'-'■ ■■'■-: ■'■■-■ .:■■■',.-:■; ..--\'  '.*:--ff.;.;-d
' ■■'•• In •- the - City ;of Los < Angeles, - commencing on
the second Monday, of March; -v- .' .. :
*; In the ? City i and t County of San • Francisco,
■ commencing ,on \ the , second '■> Monday ; , in '■} July,
:and%:.--:'-;-. 4 ;"f^-- i i-:;;:.--%- r-;>■■?v;'>;;r -;> ■■?v;'>; ; . i .-- ; ;-.;,'-: -:,.-,.; , •
,'.s la ibt flttx eC : SterMMßt* commencing .pa
:r-v- •;•■-■- j *:.,-.' .'*-• -..-. -•...-• --'- -■ -■ :-- .-■. -■ -«»feaSS
: ';■:. RAILEOAD TRAVEL. - -
Santa Feßoute
'.'. J THE BBBT RAILWAY ."■ ■■■
, SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
I ET*i»y Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car*
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cera
' Ran on ; the Following Tim-: \|.: .;
teftve Ban Francisco. 4:30 p. m.. S.M.T.W.T.F.sV
Arrive Denver.... ....6:00 p. m., W.T.F.5.3.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City..7:oo a. m.. T.F.B.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St.':: L0ui5... '..6:15 p. m., J T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
krrlv* ; Chicag0. .... ..9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
•I-- ■ HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Servo Superior Meals at Very Reason*
],;•'■.: \.;. able Rates. l r '.. •
Vy>U WILL HE COMFORTABLB ' '
["•■■.■•.■•;■■; '.:•■. If You Travel on the Santa Po»
Hi nuicisn ncuTimcE — ni market si
1 telephone: MAIN vso.
flUand Offioe— Broadway. ■ ...
\ Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street.
_JBklJoi» Offloe-^7 West : Santa Olaa s»
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
•• ' (Via ' Sausalito Ferry.) . !
Leave San Francisco, commencing May 1.
1898: ■ -•■ ■ ■ j- : ■: _ ■ -; : - .- ;
: Week Days— a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays— 9:00, 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:45 and
1:80 p. m. • - = .•■■•■ ?; ;-
/•Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
i . THOS. COOK & SON, Agents. , 621 Market
j street. San Francisco. ' . • '■.: - :<_•- :■-. - :..' "-.;
The^£?L« hh n ay of Novem *er of each rear,
receive nn 8 holdln m <* term of, court shall
sh£l «™?». ex A ra . com P e nBatlon therefor, but
mi? «f ♦!.-!* their actual expenses, to be paid
The I^i enera L fun <* of the State treasury.
tJ , „ Le * I , slature shall enact all laws necessary
p2rtnrA a »1 c s , uch /ourt, to provide, the pro-
of this Vectkm . * ° Oarry ° Ut th " provl8 on «
AMENDMENT NUMBER, FOUR. •
(Being Assembly Constitutional ; Amendment
. A * ■-.' No. 37.) N •' ■- .
St7tp re n? rV»? to . propose to.'the people of th»
«Ht»i c ?"{. ornfa an amendment the Con-
stitution of the State, amending article ele en.
M«pr d ! n ,?' a ' n l w - Bectlon thereto, to be known
" •'f «" number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. The
said proposed new section to read as follows:
,°? c loa *' The provisions of section? four
and five of this article shall not. nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply .to
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
nave become, or shall become, organized under
section seven, or secure a charter under section
eight of this article •■ - •
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being; Assembly Constitutional' Amendment
. , •■< No. 36.) . . :
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment of section
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of the
£■?"£ itutl . on - 0 the State ,of California, by
* nl . ch " is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows: ..-...,; . • , .. .......^,
-iBi 8 '* 01 011 * ?;. A «tenant ; Governor shall be
elected at the same time and place and in the
same mariner as the Governor, and his term of
ornce and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
_ Section 16. In case, of , the Impeachment of
.£ x G m Yer nol or hls removal from office, death,
inability to discharge the powers and. duties of
his office, resignation or absence . from the
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
residue of the term, or until the disability shaal
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor be
impeached, displaced, resign, die or become in-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State, the president pro
m £° re of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy In the , office of Governor shall
be filled at the next ; general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy in the
office of Governor for any of the reasons above
named, and neither the ; Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of th<» Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor ' shall be
filled at such general election. ..,--.,.••
AMENDMENT NUMBER BIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 88.)
A resolution to propose to the people of tha
State of California an amendment to section
six, article nine ot the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which It Ie proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall In-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
h!ph schools, evening schools, normal schools
ana technlral schools aa may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the Bupport of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall include schools organized in a
school district, or union of school districts
having more than one thousand Inhabitants in
which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare pupils* to enter the agricultural
mining or scientific department of the Univer-
sity of California.
AMENDMENT, NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being • Assembly Constitutional Amendment
«- No. 34.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California "an amendment ■to section
two of article four of the Constitution, In rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature,- by which it
is proposed to amend said section to read as
follows:.
■\ Section 2. The sessions :of - the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first- Monday after the first' day of January
next succeeding the election of its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
In the Interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation.: . The Legislature shall then remain
In session -for twenty-five days, after which it
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fail to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor , shall, by .■ proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
•within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling • the Legislature shall complete It*
session. No -pay shall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five days,. and
no bill shall be introduced- In either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session
wlthdut the consent .of three-fourths of tha
members thereof. '. '. •. ■ •• ■■■■-:■
1 NOW. THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of the
Legislature •of the State of California, • entitled
"An act to provide for ! the submission |of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution- of the
State of California, to - the qualified electors for
their approval," approved March 7, A D "1883
the above-described proposed amendments are
hereby published and advertised to ~be . voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, at the ■ election .to be ' held throughout
this State on :V
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8. \ A. D. . 1898.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows: '-■ ' i ■'. >■ .- .•' .- • - ' ;.,■' ,
'■- : Each ; ballot " used at such election must ' con-
tain written :or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon •; the voter may express his
' choice as ■ provided by ; law: ■ '\". ■!■-■•;'- _-,
Amendment Number One, being Senate f •
■ Constitutional '■ Amendment No. ■ 41 ,
(exempting certain claims against the '-
i City and County of San Francisco, and
' - the - existing Indebtedness of > the . City ' Tea
of Vallejo for the construction of its — —
water r works ■ from t the ■: provisions of ■No
the -Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the income and reve-
nues of the year in which they > were
Incurred). ■■'■ * ..- ... •
For the : Amendment? •', '.•,'■•• •
Amendment Number Two, being Senate f, '
Constitutional Amendment Mo." v-'lO Tea
>~ (providing for ■ framing - local county- ' ' - -
government acts by inhabitants :of -No
: counties for their government). j: '-
For the Amendment? ■■ "'".* 1 V--
Amendment Number Three, : being Sen-
ate » Constitutional i Amendment : No.
44 (providing for the creation of a '"■■■ .
Court of Claims to determine claims Tea
against the ; State, i and to consist of • "' .
: : three Superior • Judges designated by No
■■ . the ■ Governor to serve • without ; extra !
."■■ compensation). "„*■•■> '-;* -■ • - .-- ■ '
-, For the Amendment? . .-■-.. ■/-: .. .' .il! ;■
Amendment ■' Number - Four, < being • As- f , " •
• sembly ■ . Constitutional - Amendment ■
' No. • 37 ' (exempting consolidated . cities Tea
V and counties, organized =or to .be - or- • ;" '""
: : ganized, or • holding -a ;• charter r un- '' No
' der the . Constitution, from certain leg- ■ : ■
islation .in relation to counties). , » ;<
'fj For the Amendment? •; .; ■; '. v / ■ V -- '
Amendment Number Five, being As- f
sembly 'C' Constitutional r- Amendment
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor," Tea
■ *■' providing i for succession thereto in ''"-" .
certain cases and removing disability ;• n o
- of ; Lieutenant Governor from' holding :
y: other office during term). ■.;'■• -riv^.;
For the Amendment? •' .= ..V,' ; ! ..* ..•<![! .-..
Amendment - Number Six, • being Assem- f • ' ■ •
• bly Constitutional Amendment No. 33 - Tea
(relating to ■' and ■; denning ■ Grammar - --
Schools). . . ,;-..-> ;- . >..
■ For the Amendment? .. ; ; •.,•.,. ', •,.\' ,• -.jr.Vt
Amendment - Number ■ Seven, being As- f -
•;•■' sembly - Constitutional *■■ * Amendment ' ■■ - •■<
v No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Tea
Legislature • for not less 'than '.thirty ——
nor more than sixty days during each No
■-' session). ■■_■■■.-.-.. .^ : . ■■ -.' • - -•- -
'■'i For the Amendment? '''.... '.< - v
Witness my hand ? and the Great Seal of the
State 'of California," the day and year • herein
first above written. •" .-;,>-v. , ■":.■. ;.,. .',"
v-''^li ; "^ r^ JAMES H. BUDD. Governor.
A av*fVi lj - a BROW N. Secretary of State.
tSEAIiJ
AUCTION SALES.
OAK FURNITURE.
THIS DAY (THURSDAY). AT 2 P. M.
1711 TURK ST., NEAR SCOTT. V
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 602 Market st.
PICTURE STORE. >
1 THIS DAY (THURSDAY), AT 11 A. M. :
- 119 ' FOURTH ST., NEAR MISSION.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 602 Market St.
' g
RAILROAD TRAVEL. V
S»tTHKBJf PACIFIC COWPAJfTT.
-,■.'.., (PAOiriC STSTBH.) \ <■
Trains len?e and are dns »o arrive at
HAS I'll .4 Xt: l <*«■«».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
bBAVX' — ".: FtOJt JCLY 10, 18?3. ■"■'—" ABBTT*
•G:OOa Nfles. San Jose and Way Stations... •8:43*.
. 7:00 a. Brnlcia, Suison »nd Sacramento. . . . 10:45 a
7:OOa MarvßTille, Oroville aud Redding via
Woodland ;............. Bt*9T
7:©Oa. Elmira, Vacarille and Bumsey.. .... B)i4B*
. 7:3« a Martinez, San Ramon, ValleK Nap*. ' . - ■. _"
'• > Oaltetoe* ami Bants Rosa ailDr
8:OOa Atlautic Kxpress, Ogden aud Kast.. St4»r ,
»tSOA San Jose, Stockton, Taller Spring -
. ;;•;•:. lone,'. Sacramento, M»rys»illo,
• Chico, Tehama and Re>l 81uff.... ■ «i!Sr
(«:3Oa Potors, Oakdale and Jamestown.... ° 7«» *
•8:30 a Miltoa »»iia»
. OiOOa New Orleans Rxpress. Merced, Fres-
•■ . : . no, Bakerafield. Santa Barbara,
> . lx» Angoles, Doming, El Paso,
. • ' ; New Orleans and East. •*•«!*
IO:««A Vollf Jo, Martinez and Way Station* f 7i4Sp
•1:00jp Sacramento Hirer Steamers : ••IOOr
-. ....... San Jose, ties and Way SUtlons... ' }9tlBA
. 2: OOP Livermore, Mendota, Hanford and ■
: Vi«alia 4>Ml
- - ...<... Livermore, San Jose, Nike and Way "_ -
Stations {I9il»V'
<r«Or Martlucz, San Ramon, Vallejo,
■ Kapa, Oaltstoga, El Veraiio and •
Santa Rosa  "IISA
4««»r Benicia, Vacarllle, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysville, Or*. _ ■
'■'-'■'■ ■■ villa and Sacramento l»t»BA
 «tBOr Nile*, San Joae. Tracy and Stockton Xtl3r
. 4:»0p Stockton and Lodi. Ifcl8»
*x3of Lathrop, Modesto, Meroed, Fresno.
Mujare, Santa Barbara and Lo*
■ Angeles. 7**»A
«:S«r Martinez, Meroed (Raymond' for ._
Tosemite) and Fre5n0. ............ ISilo*
4iSop Santa K« Route. Atlantic Kxpres*
for MoJaTo aud East «:45»
6:OOp Kiironean Hall, Ogden and Bast.... Ms*
•o-.00r Va11ej0... ;.:....." l«il»r
BiOOplluTwards. Nik-sand Ran Joss 7>49i>
, J7:OOr Vallejo. Fort Costa and Way Sta-
tions ; .;.\ |sh*B»
. »:«0r Oregon Kxpress, Sacramento, Marys.
;;■.■■•, Tille, Redding, Portland, Fugol _\j_-*
Binttidand F.Mt .;................ ' »tl»4
SllT LEANUUU AXIt HaIWaBDS LOCAL.
•■■■ ■■:..- (Foot of Market Street.) i i- _._
- 1 Melrone, Kemlnarr Park. 7 I **
i2 : 22f *» Le»ndr«,So»th Sma >•'«*
mioSl I*andro,B,t«dUl,, >i^
iia:oojf Lorenio,(herrT :..': ..' ■ ti>4Br
i-Aivor . »■*■•,• ;j»t4s»
< 5:OOr Harvard*. . ■ *9i4Sr
. 7toor i Bans through to Nile*. i 7:45»
J t From Klles. I
•COAST DIVISION (Narrow Gaiga). V
. (Foot of Market Street.) .
17i45a Santa Cmx £xemaion, Santa Oros
and Principal Way Stations.. 18rO5»
Sslßa Newark. Centerrille, San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Crtek, Santa Orna and Way
Stations Mt|
*S<IOV Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
•■•' ■"*• - ' . Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations »1!»:5Oa
4<lSr San Jose, Glen wood k Way Stations ' 5180.4.
O4tl Sr Bonlder Creak and Santa Cra» >»»»Oa,
[ CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIX rRISCISCO — Foot «f lUrk«t Strut (SUp S>~
•7:18 ■ 9:00 11:00 A.M. 11:00 "3:00 t3:08
•4:00 }6:00 -*S:O9r.M.
htm 01EUID— Net or Eroidway.— '6:o9 8:00 10-.CO A.M.
118:00 »l:00 $2:00 *3:00 ti:QO 'MQr.il.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gsage).
>• ■ (Third and. Townsand Sts.)
*7iOOASan Jooe and Way Station* (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) li 80»
. 17:30* Sunday - Excursion for San Jose,  #; f.
... Santa Crux, Pacific Grove ana
Principal Way Stations..... JBi*s»
0:00 a San Jose, Tres Piuos, Ranta Crus,
'•■ ■ Pacilic GroTe, Paso Robles. San
-.v '-:'- Luis Ohfspo, Guadalupe, Surf and
1 Principal Way Stations ;......... . 4ll**>
10:40* San .Tote and Way 5Ut10n5......... *8:00 a
■ 11:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations > **i*3a
*Ui4&r San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Sao Jose,
Qllroy, Hollister, Santa Crus.
Salinas, Monterey aud PaoiQo
Qrore •lOjIOa
*Stft*r San Jose and Way Stations.....'...;. *o>OOa.
•4 1 1 Sr San Jo« and Principal Way Stations 9:4 3 *,
*9>OOp San Jose and Principal Way Station* 6iBSa
S:SOp San Jose and Principal Way Station* 8:30*
- 6:3OpBan Jose aud Way 5tati0n5......... - T:80p
(11:45r San Jose and Way Station! ........ 7iB»r
• A for Morning. ; .• P for Afternoon.
• BunrlayH euieepted. I Sundays only, t Saturdays only
I Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
; RAILWAY. COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of . Market St,
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAKJU.
WEEK DATS— Too, 11:00 a. m.; 13:85.
•:30, 6:10, 1:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
- i 1i 1 , 1 , 80 . p - m - ■•• Baturday«-:Exu» trips at 1:61
and 11:80 p. m. -.-■. . ..*.-...,.-■
8^ D iio ss p 8: m: 9:Wi U:o ° fc m - s ** l: *
6:00, 6:20 p. n>. .- J^
■- SAN RAPAKb.TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-«: 10. 7:60, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 11:OL
J:<o. an d 10 «.3?p. m. Baturdays— Extra «-. »j
1:65 and 8:35 p. m. , ■ ....
V:«) D t^? : rn: *«• U:M *" -•« «* «=*■
. Between San Francisco and Schnetren Park
same schedule as above.
•_ ' i Leave ■•• ' ■ ■, Arrive '
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. ■
: ; • June 29, • __ ■
Week I Sun- - • 1898. ! Sun- I Week
, Pays. I days. Destination. days. } Days.
7:Boam 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am «:40an»
l:Sopm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:25 an»
6:lopm 6:oopm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:23pm,
•*~ '■'■ '.' ; ; Fulton, : ■ . .
7:80 azn " r :• - Windsor, ' " 10:28 am
Bealdsburg. ,
Lytton, , '■'•'
:*: * ' •';,." Geyservilla.
t:Sopm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:Sspm 8:I3dtB
7:80 am I ' I Hopland and I 110:25 am
1 :30pm I 8:00 am l Uklah. ■ [ 7:Bs pm( <:Hpra
7:30 am . ■ ■ . ■ ■ 10:85 am
. 8:00 am Guerneville.. 7:35 pm
8:80pm -... — .. -. -.- S:Jlpra
7:2o am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
and
6:lopm s:oo pm Glen Ellen. f 1:10 pmf 6:21 pm :.
7:30 ami 8:00 ami SebastopoL 110:40 am]10:I5 am
B:3o pm| 6:oo pm| -.! '< ]■ 7:B6 pm| 6:23 pn»
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West.
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at G«y- I
eerville for Skag-gs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland . Springs, Kelseyvllle, . Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport -and ' Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga •'■
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter valley, John Day's, River-
side, i Llerley*s. Bucknell's, - Sanhedrln Heights. I
Hullville, Booneville. Orr's Hot Springs, Men- ■-,
doclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round trip • tickets at
reduced rates. ■ . -
On Sundays round trip ticket* to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bids.
A. W. FOSTER, • .R. X. : RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
• Via Sausallto Ferry. ! .'
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLE"S!
" r AND SAN RAFAEL.' -^
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O. *9:SO. 11:00 a. m.; 1:45.
3:45. 6:15, *6:00, 6:30 p. m. . •
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays, ; .
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. :~ ■■■■
SUNDAYS—^OO, . 10:00, *ll:30 a. m.; «1:15,
3:00, »4:30, 6:15 p. m. .. ■ . :
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DAYS— •6:35, 7:45, *9:30 a. m.j
•12:20. 2:20, *3:45, 6:05 p. m. ■-• ..■■■•• . :
EXTRA TRIPS, on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturday at 8:40 p. m. . - ' - . •-
- SUNDAYS— •S:OO,'*IO:OO, 11:55 a. r m.; :■ n:l5,
•3:10, 4:40, *G:2O p. •; m. ■■',■•■■ ■- . ,
v- Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
.WEEK DAYS-5:46, 6:45, 7:55, 9:40 a. m. ; 12:35,
2:45, 3:50, 5:20 p. m. -•- ;■:. --■ •' . - :
EXTRA TRIPS on . Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:60 p. m. i --. ■ i. "
SUNDAYS— IO:OS a. m.; 12:05. 1:20. 3:20,
5:00, 6:20 Dv. m. '■ - .
■ , ■ • ' ' • •-•*.-. THROUGH . TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns. :
1:45 p. m • Saturdays— Duncan - Mills - and - way ■
stations. ■■ .' • ... .... .-...-:-•
8: a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way. sta's,
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIB
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
■ I From June 1, 1898, • trains ,will run ' as follows:
". South-bound. ;. "■'■'■' ; North-bound.
Passen- Mixed: ■ ' Mixed. [Passen- .
-ger..; j Sunday --;'. •■ • - Sunday ger. -
\ Daily.', Exc'ptd ;V Stations. V Exc'ptd Dally. r ;
1 7:20 am 9:00 am "\ Stockton 1 3:45 pm 5:40 pm .
9:loam 12:50pm > Merced 12:50pm B:s3pm
10:40 am 3:50 ; Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pms
11:35 am 6:45pm .Hanford ' ', 7:4sam] I:2spm,
2:45 pm 11:50 pm •' Bakersfleld ■ 2 :3oam! 10: 15 am -"
12:05 pm | 7:50 pm ■; Vlßalla ■■>.' 6:40 am j 12:55 pm ,
'■ Stopping at intermediate points as required. -
Connections— Stockton with steamboats ot;-:
California: Navigation ■ and \ Improvement ' Com- :' •
pany, leaving San Francisco and , Stockton at ,• *•
p. •m. ■ dally, excepting : Sunday j from San Fran- ■
Cisco sat Merced -; with - stages ito * and from -* ;
Snelllngs. -. Coulterville, Yosemite, : etc.; - also
with 5 stage from • Hornitos, V Mariposa, * etc. ; : at •>•
Lankershim with stag* to and from Madera.
910
STRIKES AT
CHINESE FRAUD
Shew Hon, Conspirator,
Held to Answer.
TRIES TO LAND IMMIGRANTS
COMMISSIONER HEACOCK'SFIRM
STAND.
A Crime to Attempt the Landing of
Mongolians, Even Though
It Proves a
Failure.
United States Commissioner Heacock
rendered a derision yesterday which will
'cause consternation among the men
.of the Highbinder's Bureau, which
; lt Is alleged has been landing
'Chinese In larpe numbers by means
of perjury and conspiracy. The
Commissioner decided that It was a crime
to aid and abet the landing of a Chinese
Illegally and that, though the attempt
/ailed, the crime had been committed and
was punishable.
The decision was rendered In the case
of the United .States vs. Shew Hon. ar
rested by Inspector John Lynch and Dr.
Gardner, while convoying to a Chinese lm
■ migrant letters of Instruction, copies of
which were published in The Call last
Baturday.
The defense was conducted by Thomas
T). Kiordan, whose partner, John J.
Quinn, has been so familiar a figure
around the Chinese Bureau that strangers
mistook him for a member of the bureau.
I\i r. Riordan raised the point that the at
tempt to land the Chinese to whom tho
letters were addressed had failed and
that, therefore, no offense had been com
mitted.
Judge Heacock, in setting aside Mr.
Riordan's contention, quoted from the
statute which provides that any person
v.ho shall knowingly aid or abet the land-
Ing In the United States from any vessel
of any Chinese person not lawfully entitl
ed to enter the country is guilty of a
misdemeanor. He then held that Shew
knew that ho was engaged in an unlawful
attempt because he ran away from Mr.
Jj.vnch and tried to destroy one of the
letters when he faw that Dr. Gardner
was about to road it. The fact that the
attempt to land the Chinese failed did
r.ot relieve the prisoner from the respon
sibility of his attempt.
United States Attorney Foote gave an
opinion to the Commissioner, at his re
quest, which opinion will carry comfort
to the hearts of tho highbinders. It was
based upon thr> fact that section 2 of tho
statute says that the master of any ves
sel who shall knowingly bring to land or
attempt tv Ipihl any Chino.se not legally
entitled to enter shall be guilty of a mln
(icmeanor. Mr. Foote pointed out that in
the section under which ho had brought
the prosecution of Shew Hon the words
"attempt to land" did not appear, and
that there was a question whether their
absence should not be taken as Inten
tional on the part of the lawmakers.
After the prisoner had been held to an
swer Judge Seacock said that false
swearing before the Collector of the Port
or the Chinese Bureau was punishable
Tinder the same section under which Shew
Hon had been held to answer.
Collector Jackson expressed the opinion
on the day before that there was no law
by which the Chinese perjurers could be
punished for perjury. Judge Heacock's
decision furnishes the law by which the
Mongolian scoundrels and their white
parasites can be brought to justice. It is
expected that the arrest of Chan Tai
Tsung of Ham Hop & Co., 901 Dupont
street, will follow. He Is tho writer of
tho letters found on Shew Hon. Chief
Meredith may bring him Into court.
Advances made on furnlturr? and pianos, with
pr without r*IUOVaI. J. N'nonan. l |l l7-1023 Mission.
MIDWEEK THEATER NOTES.
Good Business the Rule — Coming
Attractions Announced.
To-night and for the balance of the
week the Jolly comedy "Number Nine "
will be presented at tho Columbia. These
are the last days of the Frawley Company
Feason. Next Monday "A Milk "White
Flag.
"The Leading Man," at the* Now Com
edy Theater, with Its many comical Fitua
tinns. i.-; an exceptional laugh producer,
and well deserves the attention It is re
relving at the hands of the public.
"Woman's Wit" is in preparation.
Morosco's have found a prize in the
comedy drama "Shall we Forgive Her."
It Is exceedingly well acted and staged
and is drawing big houses. Holiday
matinee Friday.
The Alhambra, with Sidney and Mrs.
Drew. Del Puonte, Corinne, Edith Hall.
Dc Vllllers and many other stars are do-
Ing a good first week's business. Some
Fpecially top-notch acts are promised for
the change of bill. Matinee Admission
flay.
"A Marriage of Convenience." by Henry
Miller and his company at the Baldwin,
•« a very delightful comedy and these are
JORDAN'S THEORY EXPLODED.
Rapid Growth of Salmon Proved by an Identi
fying Mark.
The recent capture of a full-grown twenty-four-pound naJmon In the
Sacramento River has exploded the theories of Dr. Gilbert and Dr. Oavid
Starr Jordan, the scientists, who are rated as authorities on fish ques-
These learned gentlemen have asserted that it takes three or four
years for the Pacific Coast salmon to attain its growth in the deep waters
of the ocean. In the spring of 1897 several thousand salmon fry were liber
ated in the waters of the Columbia River at the United States Fish
Commission hatchery, Clackiimas. In order that these fish might be Iden
tified when they should again ascend the rivers their adipose fins were re
moved. Circulars were sent out asking that the capture of any of the flßh
be reported to the commission with full particulars as to weight and size,
the commission desiring to loam the time that young salmon spend In
the ocean, progress in the matter of growth and other interesting points
This year a few of the little fellows, somewhat Improved as to size,
were caught in the Columbia River, but none weig .ed over eight pounds'
J. P. Halkr. manager of the Sacramento River Packers 1 Association of
fered one dollar for every salmon caught bearing the Fish Commissioners'
Identifying mark. The other day the salmon mentioned in the foregoing
was landed in a fisherman's net. It weighed twenty-four pounds and was
thirty-six inches in length, heating Its fellows by many pounds and inches
So important do the State Fish Commissioners regard the cap-ure that
they will send the marked part of the lish to the Commissioners at Wash
ington.
MET DEATH IN STOW LAKE.
The Body of an Unknown Man Found in th<
People's Pleasure Grounds.
A. Chaquette. a park laborer, found the dead body of a man at half
past 7 o'clock yesterday morning floating In Stow Lake, Golden Gate Park.
The body was on its face In shallow water, and the coat of decedent was
floating near by.
The dead man was 60 years old or more, and was well dressed In a suit
of black. The only article of value found on the person was a plain gold
ring, band shaped. There were three empty pocket-booka of black morocco,
on the fiap of one of which was stamped in gold letters the initials "I. S."
On the shirt the same Initials were worked In red cotton thread.
Decedent was of light complexion with sandy or reddish hair and beard,
ttnged with gray. He was stoutly built and was about 5 feet 8 Inches tall.
He had been in the water but a few hours. He looked like a man who had
been well-to-do. The left eye Is blackened, and there are cuts on the head
as though made by the rocks.
the last nights to see It in Its perfections
of acting and fittings. Next week Mod-
Jeska will appear in repertoire.
At the Alcazar "The First Born." Pow
ers' Chinese tragedy, seems to have lost
none of its attractiveness and has appar
ently started for another run. It Is very
artistically presented. Holiday matinee
Friday.
The Orpheum's extra-fine bill for this
week Is drawing more patronage than the
house can comfortably accommodate.
Felix Morris, the star comedian, and his
company, have made a hit and the same
can be said of the other new people.
To-night and Sunday evenlDg at the
Tlvoll, Donizetti's tragic work, "I..ucretla
Borgia," will be presented. To-morrow
and Saturday, "Rlgoletto." Business is
excellent and the productions highly
praiseworthy. Matinee Saturday.
The famous Spanish bull fight and the
good things In the Free Theater are
drawing fine houses to the Chutes.
The Olympla has an unusually good bill
this week. Including singing and dancing
stars, trained dogs, etc., that Is filling the
house nightly.
Lurline Salt Water Eaths. .
Push. Larkln sts. : swimming. Russian, hot &
cold tub baths: salt water direct from ocean.
Grist for the Divorce Mill.
The following new suits for divorce
were filed yesterday in the County Clark's
office: Albcrtine C. A. Mohlfeldt against
.Turgens H. L. Mohlfeldt, desertion;
Sarah L. Brazell against James M. Bra
zell, failure to provide; Martha L. Staples
against William J. Staples, cruelty, and
Estelle Blanyule against l^eon IManquie,
desertion.
Police Stars Are Dimmed.
Thft Police Commissioners met last
night and accepted the resignation of
Panay Georgo Vouro Vouraky. This was
said to have Deen tendered in order to an
ticipate proceedings against the officer be
fore the Commissioners.
The resignation of Prince O. Peters was
also accepted by the Commissioners. This
was tendered for a similar reason.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1898.
A GLANCE AT
REAL ESTATE
Predicted Improvement
in the Market.
THE SALES ARE INCREASING
MANY NEGOTIATED DURING
THE PAST WEEK
A General Review of the Records.
New Building Contracts — Re
cent Sales and General
Notes.
Th© real estate market Ja Bteadily im
proving, and the predicted progress made
for it at the close of the Bummer months
by the various brokers bids well to be
fully realized. Sales are becoming more
frequent and of marked increased value.
It seems to be a day of unusual dullness
If the large firms are unable to record a
long list of successful negotiations.
The progression predicted for city real
ty haa almost become a reality in coun
try districts throughout the State. Sales
are being continually made, and property
generally seems to have taken a step for
ward toward the realization of Increased
value and steady progression.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
During the week there were forty-nine mort
gages and trust deeda recorded, amounting to
X 132,370. For the same period thirty-five re
leases and reconveyances passed to record In
the total sum of (114. 586.
The principal mortgages and trust deeds were
recorded as follows: By the Security Loan
Association to Caroline and Adolph Harris,
$10,000 for six yearn at 7 per cent uti property
In Western Addition block 317, situated on the
BE corner of Jackson and Flllmore streets.
E 95 by S 40; by the Hlbernla Savings and
Loan Society to James Fogarty, J4OOO for 1
year at 6ty per cent on property In Western
Addition block 2i»9, situated on ihe NE corner
of Flllmore and Fell streets, E 100. N 76, \V '£>,
S 25, W 75 and S 50; from the Union Trust
Company to Spring Valley Water Works. $4.'00. -
000 for 8 years at 4 per cent on property situ
ated as follows: In CO-vara block 2»2, situated
on the W line of Hyde street. 137:6 N of Cheat
nut, N 289:3 to Francisco, by W 412:6; 50-vara
block 291, NW corner Hyde and Francisco
streets, N 162 by W 412:6. Franclnco-Btreet
reservoir; 50-vara block L M .M, block bounded by
Greenwich. Hyde. Lombard and Larkln streets.
Lombard-street reservoir property; Point Lobos
Pumping Works on 50-vara lot 3, In Western
Addition block 37. and 00-vara lot 4. In Western
Addition block 38, and wharf In front of said
property; 50-vara block 245, on N line or Cluy
street. 137:6 W of Jonee, W 11S:G by N 97:6
aIFO 50-vara lots 527 and S2X. Clay-street Hill
reservoir; Western Addition block 292. bounded
by Buchanan, Kldley. Kale and Websterstreets,
lhat |K>rtlon of Mission block SO bounded by Rid
ley. Market and the comer line of Pans Soucl
road (as formerly existed). Market-street reser
voir property; Western Addition block 215, on
SE corner of Buchanan and Kate (or Herman)
streets, Ji 25 by X 100; lot on NE Una of Wat
avenue, 300 SE of Mission street. SE 640 NE
634. NW 359:8%. NE 100. NW 25. SW 100 NW
2Gs:3\i. SW 634. Collage Hill reservoir tract;
commencing on exterior boundary of San
Miguel Kancho distant N 45 degrees 30 minutes
E, 7.20 rhalns (475:2 feet) from station 24 N.
45 decrees 30 minutes X, 4.10 chains (270:6), N
22.20 chains (1465:2). S S3 degrees 15 minutes, W
630 feet to W line of Seventh avenue If ex
tended S 140, W S3, S 207. E 94:6 to W line of
Seventh avenue, thence aJong said W line 1355
to N line of N street, W 170. S 760. more or
less, to boundary of San Miguel Ranch", S U
degrees 30 minutes, E 13.20 chains (871:2), N 7.'>
degrees 30 minutes, E 1.6.'t chains (107. 65), X 12
degrees 15 minutes, E 8.36 chains (617.76), N 75
degrees 30 minutes, E 3 chains (198), N 12 de
grees 15 minutes. W 9.36 chains (617.761. X 75
degrees 30 minutes. E 11.76 chains (770.22) X
44 degrees 30 minutes. W 25.22 chains (16C4.52) to
beginning, excepting streets; commencing at
center line of main Lake Honda tunnel. 2
chains N from the inlet or south end of said
tunnel. N 65 degrees. E 77H links. S 8 decrees
15 minutes, W 7.09 chains to middle of a creek,
S Co degrees, W 1.55 chains along center of said
creek, N 8 degrees 15 minutes, E 7.0:t chains
N 65 degrees, E 77^ links to beginning, con
taining 1 acre, Tunnel Inlet Tract; East Fif
teenth avenue (If extended N), 285:8 N of Lake,
thence W to center of Lobos Creek, thence
following meanderings of said creek down Its
center line to Its outlet In the Pacific Ocean
S 33 degrees 30 minutes, W 1.59 chains to fence'
thence following said fence along the edge or
the bluff to the W and S of said creek to the
point of beginning, containing 11 acres, more
or less, Lobos Creek property; 50-vara biock
121. SE corner of Geary and Stockton streets
CO-vara lot 917, in block 121; 100 block 376. SE
line of Bryant street. 275 SW of Fourth, SE 355
SW 275, NW 80, NE 137:6, NW 275, NE 137:6'
Spring Valley Water Works pipe yard; W
A. 316, N line of Clay street, 137:6 W of Web-
Bter, W 35 by N 127:8%, Lafayette Park pump;
University Mound Reservoir property, being
blocks 41, 50, 61, 56, 57, 66, 67, lots 2. 3, 6 and
7. block 55, and lota 8, block 65, excepting from
block 51, lot on \V corner of Burroughs and
Bowdoln, 29 on Burroughs by 100 on Bowdoln;
O. L. blocks 1221, 1222, 1223, 1285, 1286 and 1287;
fractional lots Sand lv, section 20; fractional luts
1 to 4, section 27; NE *4 of SE >4 and lot 3,
section 34; lot 9, section 35, township 2 S,
range 6 W, containing 242.32 acres of land; also
a strip of land 5 chains wide along shore and
fronting on waters of Laguna Merced for the
whole length of lake front of lot 5, section 27.
and lots 5 and 6, section 34, and all Interest In
Kancho Laguna de la Merced, and lake and all
water rights; lots 9 and 10. block », San MJguel
City, at corner of Tara and Ocean boulevard.
N Mi of P. N. 194, being 200 on Sierra and 200
on Carolina -and Wisconsin streets, W. A.. B
D« Long avenue, 200 S of Waller, E SO by
S 25; 'NE corner of Capitol and Sagamore
streets. 75 on Sagamore by 100 on Capitol, block
B, Railroad Homestead Clarendon Reservoir
Tract, containing 1.b875 acres, at Junction of
Clarendon avenue and Eighteenth street (11
extended); portion of M. B. 104, being 82:6 on
Seventeenth street and 107:6 being known as
Clarendon Heights Pump; tract of 42.2 acres
lying on N side of Ocean boulevard and ad
jacent to Branch Jail on W. lot 24. block 25.
Lakeview, lot 1 and portion lot 2, block A.
French & Oilman Tract; lots 6 to 15, 30 to 34,
61, E2, 74, 75. S7, 119, 2115 to 2117, Gift Map 4;
also property in San Mateo, Santa Clara and
Alameda Counties and all property hereafter
acquired, 400U (third mortgage bonds), $1000
each.
The loan was negotiated on the basis of a
bond mortgage.
The following Is a list of various other mort
gages recorded during the week:
By the Humboldt Savings and Loan Society
to Joseph Buttgenbach, $t>ooo for a period end-
Ing January 1. 1900, on property In the Western
Addition, block 371, situated on the easterly
line of Stelner street, 130 feet north of Halght.
north 60:11, southeast 138, south 42.-7V4; by the
Humboldt Savings and Loan Society to Jean
and Marie F. Baron, $6000 for a period ending
the first of January, 1900, at 7 per cent a year;
by the trustees of the San Francisco Savings
Union to Isabella Mackenzie, $25,000 on prop
erty in the 50 vara block 171, situated on the
southerly line of Ellis street, 75 feet west of
Powell, west 100, south 110, east 80, north 20:6,
east by north 89:6; by Daniel Meyer to Edwin
J. Ellis, $14,500 for two years at 6M> P°r cent,
on property In the 60-vara block 252, situated
on the northerly line of Geary street. 112:6 feet
west of Jones, west 25 by north 137:6.
The principal releases and reconveyances re
corded are as follows: From Joseph and Henry
W. Hyman as trustees for Solomon and Huih
Hyman to Henry Kahn, $16,000 on property In
the 50-vara blocks 306 and 19S, situated respect
ively on the Boutheast corner of California
and Larkln streets, south 70 by east S7:O, and
the easterly line of Taylor street, ILS'A ten
south of Ellis, south 25 by east 137:6; from the
Oolden West Banking and Loan Association to
Pauline and Hermann Frledlandcr, K(A)0 on
property In he Western Addition, block 52:-,
situated on the westerly line of Broderiek
street, 25 feet north of Fulton, north 22:8 hy
west 57:6; from the Hlbernla Savings and Loan
Society to Louis A. Bending, Jlo.ooO on prop
erty In the 50-varu block 22u, situated on the
northeast corner of Bush and Jone3 Ktreet, east
60 by north 127:6.
NEW building: 1 contracts.
Southerly line of Geary street, 137:6 west of
Octavla. west 82:6 by south 120. All work for
alterations and additions to two two-story
frame buildings; owner, Mrs. Emma Joseph;
contractor, M. J. Savage; architect, W. H.
Idllle; cost, $1162.
Easterly line of Cherry street, 102:8% south
of Clay, south 26 by east 137:6. All work, ex
cept mantels, etc., for a two-story frame
dwelling; owner, Mary B. Klrkpatrlck; archi
tect. A. Burgren; contractor, P. Griffin; cost,
$2370.
Northeasterly line of Third street. 55 southeast
of Mission, southeast 25 by northeast 77:6. Re
moving and rebuilding wall of a two-story
brick building; owner, Charles Josselyn; archi
tect, H. Gellfuss; contractor, J. F. Rlley.
Westerly -line of Alabama street. 182:6 south
of Twentieth, south 25:11 by west 100. All work,
except plumbing, sewering and painting, for a
two-story and basement frame building (flats);
ownor. E. Tempts; architect. M. G. Bugbee;
contractor, W. Horstmeyer; cost, $1794.
Northerly line of Fell street. 81:3 east of Cen
tral avenue. All work, except plumbing, gas
fitting, sewt-rlng, electrical wor': and painting,
for a two-story frame dwelling; owner, Emma
V. Raisch; architect, N. Blalsdell; contractor,
William T. Commary; cost, $34i»0.
Westerly line of Third street 70 south of
Stevenson, south 60 by west 60. Additional
story to a brick building; owner, D. Kell;
architect, E. R. Swain; contractors, Hans
brough & Robertson.
Easterly line of Cole street, 110 north of Fred
erick, north 25 by east 125. All work for a
two-«tory frame dwelling; owner, Richard L.
Murray; architect, William Koenlg; contractor,
Ira W. Coburn; cost, J2350.
Northerly line of Montana street. 440 east of
Orliaba, east 50 by north 125. All work for a
one-story frame cottage; owners, Harry W.
and Lulu M. Clark; architect and contractor,
J. E. Bchulz; cost. $1143.
Westerly line of Lyon street, 100 north of
Bush. All work for a one-story frame cottage;
owner, John Wills; architect and contractor,
Philip Rive; cost. $18S5.
Corner of Jackson and Buchanan, E two-story
attic and basement frame dwellings; owners,
Tucker & Co.; architect, William Koenlg;
cost. $45,000.
RECENT SALES.
.-' The Carit residence, situated at 2113 Pacific
avenue, was recently negotiated by Shalnwald.
Buck bee & Co., In the Interests of Rudolph
Spreckrls. • - ; ■' "U- '•'•• '•■ r^-- ■■'
The lot Is a half fifty vara, 68:9 by 127:8%,
and commands one of the choice marine views
on the . avenue. • The price paid for the . prop
erty Is to remain private, but Is reported to
be around ' $35,000. The residence Is only about
three or four years old, and is In the Colonial
style. It will be occupied by the purchaser,
who, however, It Is understood, has not aban
doned his Intention of ultimately erecting a
handsome mansion on the property bought by
him two or three years ago on the north
west corner of Pacific avenue and Oough
street.
The pale of the property on the north line
of Ueary street, 112:6 west of Jones, by Henry
Kahn to Edwin J. Ellis. Is stated to have been
for $15,000 cash and the balance of the $10.
000 named as consideration In the deed to have
been Oakland realty.
Jacob and Eva Frank have declared a $5000
homestead on their property on the south line
of Post street, 40 feet east of Octavla.
Jacob Heytnan has sold a four-room and
bath cottage on the east line of Hoffman
■venue, 61 :« north of Alvarado street, for $1930,
and n similar cottage on the- north Bide of
Twenty-third street, 125 feet west of Hoffman
avenue, for $1600.
In addition to the Carlt residence Shainwald,
Buck bee & Co. report tlie sale of the Rambo
residence, on the west line of Gough street, 40
feet north of Vallejo. 40 by 70, for $8700; a lot
25 by 120 on the west line of Bartlett. 115
feet south of Twenty-third, for $1700; a lot 25
by 130 on the west line of Buchanan street, 50
feet south of O" Parrel I, for $5100; a lot 40 by
80 and Improvements on the west line of First
street, 50 feet south of Howard street, for
$6500. and a lot 25 by 137:6 on the east line of
Cherry street. 102:8^4 south of Clay, for $1250.
McAfee Brothers report the following; recent
pales: Lot and Improvements on the west side
of Sixth avenue, l. r ,B:S north of California, iS
by 120. $4000; lot on west side of Texas street,
25 feet south of Nineteenth, 25 by 100. $1C5O; lot
on the northwest corner of Churc'i and Six
teenth, 30 by 95, $6000; lot on the wept side of
Texas street. fO feet south of Nineteenth. i'j by
100. flO&Q: lot and Improvements r>n the north
east corner of Lowe"r Terrace and Juno street,
32 »>> 100. $1000; lot on the south line of Clay
street. 105:4 west of Cherry street, 30 by 127:SVi.
$17f;0; lot and Improvements on the northwest
Bide of Tehama street, 355 feet southwest from
First street, 25 by 80. $4160; lot r-n the north
past corner of Devlsadero and Gre<?a streets,
43:1V4 by 105. $6000; lot on thi? west side of
Spruce street. ?2 feet south of Clay, 3;:»>W t*y
100; lot on the north side- of Clay street, 24:4>4
\vr>f»t of Laurel. 34:4<4 by 127:5>4.
Yon Rheln & Co. report an encouraging In
crease in Inquiries and quote the following
recent Hales: Southeast corner of Clay and
I^eavenworth streets, 35:6 feet on Leavenworih
by 100 feet on Clay street, with Improvements,
stores and flats, price obtained $12,025; north
west corner Stockton and Greenwich streets,
north 45 feet by west 81 feet, with Improve
ments. $4750; northwest corner of Dolores and
Twenty-second streets, thence north 25:11 feet
by west 85 feet, with improvements. $2300;
east line of Valencia street. 351:6 feet north of
Twenty-sixth street, thence north 30 by 117:6
feet to an alley, $3500; west line of Laurel
I'lnc<\ 137:6 feet northeast of Essex street,
thence northeast E0 feet by northwest IGO f»et.
through to Ouy place, with improvements ?<i
Laurel place and 19 (»uy place. $3005; east line
of Valencia street. 355 feet north of Twenty
sixth street, thence north 30:G by 117:6 feet to
an alley, $3,100: southwest corner of Sacramento
and Prospert place, havlnp 30 feet on Sacra
r.icntd strept by 4fi feet on Prospect place, with
Improvements 925 Sacramento street, $1550;
south line of Pine street, 81:5 feet east of
Central avenue, thene<> east 31 by 87:6 t*et,
with Improvements, $1300: south line of Green
wich street. 137:6 feet east of Montgomery
ptr<'et, thence east 43:2 by 75 feet In depth,
with Improvements 103 and 105 Greenwich
street, front and rear houses, $1200; east line
of Stevenson street. 110 feet north of Thirteenth
street, thence north 25 by 72:8 feet, $1000.
Pijneers to Celebrate.
The Society of California Pioneers will
observe Admission day at El Campo.
Arrangements have been made for an en
joyable oiling.
CAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
cornf-r Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
Cir, I/urk'.n street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1»41 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2161 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission Btreet; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE— AII members of Unity Merchandise
Clubs send your address Immediately to box
1784. Call office; important.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., room 6; tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, |1 up;
painting done. Hartmaon Faint Co., 343 3d st.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. / ■
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING, September S. at 7:3<TKjr
o'clock. v Third degree. By order 01/^r '
the Master. " •
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
SOUTH : SAN FRANCISCO" Lodge No ■
v 212, F. and A. M., meets THIS EVEN-^, J%,
ING at 7:30 o'clock for first degree. lK. M
By order of the Master. /V>
■-•.'•'-■'"' : E. C. HARE, Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M., ■
:■■ Masonic Temple— meeting. Firs«_J^.
degree THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN-'Jfjt
IN<3 at 7:30 o'clock. All Maaona • a«Af>
- Invited. By order of
t t, r,~. THOMAS L. HILL, W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary. ,
THK i a ™ F - - Scottish r- Thistle Club v «T *.
meets THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- 3k, ajj
ING, Fraternity Hall. 32^ O' Far- >#kxSr
rell st., at 8 o'clock. A full at- 'i^sNfc
tendance. Is requested.
GEORGE W. > A °N, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON, ■ Recorder.
A. O. H. DIVISION No. *-The of fl- %-,<•**>
cers and members of this division TwK*
re hereby notllled to meet at HI- %\Y*
« e oov-TlJ all ' U0 Nlntn "t- FR{DAYrfstf|»
MORNING, to attend the funeral of**^Mt
. our late brother, DANIEL SHEEHAN. By
"t^L. pt Avr^ A^ TLEY LEE ' President.
T. L. CLANCY. ■ Secretary.
8 h? ?i? E , roomB ; all needed accommodation*;
827 Mission. L. ALTSCHUL. 320 gay, »t.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
NEAT young second girl or nurse desires situ-
. atlon; $10 to $15; best reference; city or coun-
try. MISS CULLEN, 326 Sutter at.
NEAT, competent German second girl desires
situation; best reference. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. ■ . .
NEAT French second girl or nurse desires sit-
c, a t J° n >,,. b , e ? t reference ! speaka no English.
MJSS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
LADIES— For a first-class servant see J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
RELIABLE New England woman wishes place
where there ■ are young children; sewing,
housekeeping, cooking; wages very moderate;
good references. Call 10 to 4, 170 Fell st., off
Hayes, bet. Van Ness and Franklin.
RELIABLE woman wishes a situation to do
general housework; is a good cook; city or
country; moderate wages. 10 Stockton place,
oft Grant aye., between Post and Sutter ats. ;
no postal cards.
RELIABLE middle-aged woman wishes a sit-
uation cooking and general housework; good
references; city or country. Address 123 Olive
aye.. bet. Polk and Van Ness aye.
REFINED girl wants position to do any kind
of light work; city or country; experienced
in housework, also bakery. Call or address
1122 Golden Gate aye.
SEAMSTRESS with first-class city references
desires few more engagements at $1 day;
children's clothes a specialty; suit, 1150 up.
Box 1731. Call office.
GOOD woman wants work; is first class in
most anything; Is etrong and willing; goes
by the day; $1 and car fare. 276 Jessie St.,
downstairs, room 1.
OMPETENT dressmaker would like work by
the day in families; prices to suit and flt
guaranteed. Call evenings or postal card,
301 Ivy aye.
WANTED— Situation by respectable American
lady working housekeeper; hotel or restau-
rant. Can be seen at her present employ-
ment, 202 Ninth at.; no postals.
YOUNG woman would like to do chamberwork
in small hotel, or would like a couple of chil-
dren to board. Please call at 116 Guerrero at.;
no cards.
GIRL of 13 years wishes a home in Catholic
family in exchange; wishes to attend school.
Call 21 Vandewater st., near Bay.
'OMPETENT young colored woman wishes 3
or 4 offices to take care of; best of references.
Box 1789, Call office.
YOUNG German girl wishes to help with light
houeework and care of children In American
family. Address box 1788, Call office.
MRS. L. HANLIE has returned to the city
and would like to go out dressmaking by the
clay. Call or address 122 Taylor st.
YUUNQ Swedish woman wants position as
cook or to do general housework; flrst-claes
references. Address 1716 11th st., Oakland.
DOMESTIC work 4 days in the week; wage*
$3; best references. Box 1790, Call office.
2 SWEDISH girls flrst-claes cooks, with good
references. 513 McAllister St.
FIRST-CLASS girl would like situation to do
general housework; references. 206 Fifth st.
WANTED — Washing or housecleanlng or any
kind of work by the day. 127 Turk at.
ASSISTANT bookkeeper, woman, desires posi-
tion; references. Box 1754, Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation at upstairs
work. 27 Harriot St.
SMALL girl wishes a place to assist In light
housework, fall at Ti Harriet st.
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do cooking
and downstairs work. Box 1798, Call office.
WOMAN wants plain washing; 6c a piece. 122
Grove st.
EASTKRN lady Is prepared to do tailoring and
repairing and cleaning of gentlemen's cloth-
Ing; also plain family sewing. 989 Howard
St., near Sixth, room 44.
IRESSMAKER and seamstress wishes en-
gagements, $1 a day; children's clothes a
specialty. MRS. S.. 2122 Bush st.
RELIABLE woman wishes a situation In
American family; city or country. Call at
1024 V* Geary st.
LAUNDRESS wishes a position to do plain
Ironing. Call between 8 and 10 a. m. at 69
Tehama St.
PROTESTANT girl would like situation at
light housework In Mission. Address 45
Liberty st.
YOUNG lady with some experience wishes a
position In an office or store. Box 1184, Call.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation for general
housework and cooking. 1309 Stockton st.
MONET on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS', 16 Grant aye.
WANTED — First-class place as housekeeper;
best of reference. Address M. HITCHCOCK,
Elmhurst, Cal.
RELIABLE seamstress wishes sewing, 60c per
day; references. Address E. E., 615 Larkin.
WANTED — By competent young woman, posi-
tion as housekeeper, chambermaid or wait-
ress; wages $20; references. Address House-
keeper, box 364, Uklah, Cal.
MIDDLE-AGED lady of some experience would
like a position in a doctor's office. Address
MRS. M. C, box 4. Call office.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 yrars) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 CUy it.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlc«;
best help. 414V4 O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary: tel. Grant 5«.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes any kind of work,
tend horses, etc.; home more of object than
wages. JOHN NEABEL, cor. 6th and Shipley.
WANTED— Position as porter by young man.
Apply A. CL, 152 Minna st.
COACHMAN: competent, steady, careful driv-
er, good horseman and overseer; not afraid
of work; many yearß with same employer;
best references. Box 1770, Call office.
EXPERIENCED, reliable man from north of
Europe would like to travel with rich fam-
ily; active and sober; very best references.
Box 6!K>, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by competent horseman
and driver; good gardener; can milk: handy
with tools; references. Box 1793. Call office.
MAN and wife wish positions on ranch or
country place. Address 254 Natoma st.
GOOD boy. age 14. wishes any kind of work.
Apply 1305 Mission st.
WANTED— Position by temperate married,
man (carpenter), In wholesale house of any
kind: understands packing In all Its branches.
Address Carpenter. 21 Rauscn st.
SMART, well-educated young Englishman
wants employment, any capacity; good busi-
ness man ; first-class correspondent. Box 1773
Call office.
SOBER middle-aged man wants position in
small restaurant or hotel as dishwasher
kitchen hand or to make beds; last place five
years Address box 11S5, Call office.
BY man of good address and business ability
position as cashier or accountant; first-class
references. Box 1778, Call office.
BARTENDER, German, 25, reliable and wlll-
lng. 207 Montgomery aye., room 60.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS' 15 Grant aye.
STRONG middle-aged man wishes to learn
trade. Address box 1711, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to Jl 60 night; $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
BOARDING-HOUSE : cook. short distance. »25-
S& T^ $25 and *° :
INSTITUTION cook, $25; second .' iriri isn.
!;? nurseglrl; $20; ■< houseglr . ■ ! in family - Ifo-
r0 US a e nd rlB |V Oa^?' Ala ""*a. stn Rafael.'
U: ' h n o; u se } g','f,.^ ce k d - -woman V countrr
* I 20:I 20 : h ° u seKlrl. -light work. " »15." 2Jn f amilr 2
WANTED-Chambennald i for nice country i ho-
a c^r 66 7 6V6 Va 22 y oBrmonui0 B r monui - &.*
HELP WANTED— Continued.
3 GERMAN and Swedish girls, housework. $25
and $30. MISS CULLEN. 325 Butter st.
WOMAN with a little child, Cloverdale, fare
paid, $10. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
COOK, hotel. $30. MISS CULLEN, 825 Sut-
ter st.
GERMAN or French maid and seamstress, $25.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GIRL, Ught work, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
WOMAN, with a child. $10. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
COOK. Berkeley, $20; Healdsburg. $20. MISS
CULLEN, 335 Sutter st.
NVRSE. $26; 2 nureee. $11 and $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 32S Sutter st.
COOK. $36, German style; housework girl.
Berkeley. $20; Sausalito, $20; 20 housework
girls, city and country, $20 and $25; S young
girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
YOUNG girt, light work. $10, no cooking. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
REFINED middle-aged woman, country $10.
MIS 3 CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS. Uakersfleld, $20. fare paid; wait-
ress. Monterey $20, fare one way; waitress.
Watsonvllle, $20, and 12 waitresses for city
and country, $20; 2 arm waitresses, $20; 2 ho-
tel cooks, $30; 2 fancy lroners. $10 week and
found; 1 plain ironera, $20 and found.; plain
laundress. $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
GEKMAN cook. $SS; cook, American family.
$30; German cook, $25; cook. Berkeley, $2s;
houseglrl, Modesto, $25; girl, small American
family. $20. San Rafael, and a number of girls
for city and country, $15 and $30. C. »* HAN-
SEN A CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— American woman to tafca charge
and oversee children In an Institution; must
be an experienced person; have some knowl-
edge of kindergarten work; salary, $25 and
found. J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 316 Butter st.
2 NURSEB, $20 and $25; second giri. American
family, $25; 4 cooks, $25; German or Fr«nch
second girl, $26; cook, a short distance, $25; 2
housework girls, $25; 8 waitresses, hotels and
restaurants. $20, $25, $5 week, and a large
number of girls for housework. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 316 Butter st.
DANISH or German girl wanted for general
housework and cooking; references required;
wages $15. Call 1401 A Scott Bt.
GIRL who understands German and American
cooking; good city references. Apply between
9 and 12 at 1222 Sutter st.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework;
sleep at home; wages $8. Call 1206 Market St.,
room 25.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework; wages $12.
1930 Pine Bt.
WOMAN for kitchen in small restaurant; un-
derstands cooking. 1528 Polk st.
YOUNG girt to take care of baby and do
housework. 418 Powell st.
LADY compositor wanted for occasional work.
424 Sansome, room 4. Young Folks' Weekly.
GIRL, assist general housework. 16 years old,
or middle-aged woman. 936 Sanchez st.
GERMAN girl for housework and cooking;
wages $20. Call store, 321 Kearny st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with house-
work. 762 Church St., near Twentieth.
2 NEAT girls for upstairs work, assist with
children in Institution. 512 Minna st.
FINISHER on custom coats. 410 Kearny St.,
room 38.
YOUNG girl for light housework in family of
2; wages $10. 1717 Turk st.
GIRL to assist with housework and children.
220H Waller st.
WANTED— Young strong girl to wait on lame
lady. 2422 Union st.
GIRL to assist In housework. Apply at 1489
Ellis st, above fruit store.
Gl.tL to assist in general housework. 1218
Fulton St.. near Scott.
WANTED— Apprentice for dressmaking; good
■ewer. 540 Ellis st.
AN orphan girl for light housework; good
home; small wages. 454 Minna st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to do housekeeping;
care for children. 76S Mission, barber shop.
GIRL to assist; light housework and children,
San Mateo. 725 Golden Gate aye.
GIRL to assist general housework; wages $12.
46 Liberty Bt.
WANTED— Young girl for waiting and second
work. 836 Valencia St., bet. 19th and 20th.
GOOD tailoresses wanted. Apply 347 Third st.
NEAT woman for housework and baby: small
wmres. Call after 10 o'clock 15 Harriet st.
WANTED— GirI to l.elp In kitchen; age 15; $7
per month. 130S Mission St., bakery.
GIRL for housework, plain cooking, no wash-
ing. $20; nurse girl. $15. 631 Larkln st.
WANTED— German girl to do light housekeep-
ing. Call 9 a. m. at 428 Sutter at.
TWO young ladles to 4ntroduce Egry Auto-
graphic Bales Registers among down town
merchants. PERNAU BROS., 54S Clay st.
WANTED — Operators on flannel overshirts; a
few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 3614 Fremont st.
WANTED— A middle-aged German woman for
general housework and cooking. 836 Union.
BONAZ operator wanted. 226 Bush St.; up
stairs.
GIRL wanted as laundress and to do general
housework. Apply 10 to 12. 1721 Van Ness.
GIRL for second work and waiting on table;
$15. 926 Grove St.; bet. 10 a. in. and 4 p. m.
WANTED— 2 good finishers on fine pants. 660
Fourth St., near Brannan.
YOUNG German girl to assist with housework
and children. 735 Turk nt.
GIRL to do light housework. IS7 South Park.
GOOD finisher on coats: $9 a week. 251 Eighth
St., Oakland.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS 1 . 15 Grant aye.
GOOD chance for a young lady, not under 18,
to learn a good trade. Box 1771, Call office.
MISS GILLIGAN, dressmaking and cloak-mak-
ing school. 223 Grant aye.
LITTLE girl to take care of baby. Apply 2212
Pine st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns, 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
HELP WANTED—MALE.
FOR the employment agents' afternoon ad-
vertisements read the San Francisco Daily
Evening Report. MURRAY & READY, 634-
636 Clay st.
C. KELLY, foreman— Please call. MURRAY
& READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED — Harness-maker for a ranch, $30
and found; upholsterer for a hotel, city; car-
penter for an institution. $1 50 day and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
LOOK. HERE
For new railroad work
Free fare
10 teamsters $175 day, free fare
20 laborers $1 75 day, free fare
Also 25 teamsters for other railroad work
and free fare. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st.
WANTED— An experienced foreman for quarry
city. $45 and found. MURRAY & READY,'
FOR cne of the largest beet ranches in the
State, we want
20 men to drive big teams, $25 and "found
steady work, this Is a first-class lob; 15 la-
borers, city and country work, $26 and $20
and found
10 teamsters $26 and'found
6 teamsters, city work $1 75 day
2 milkers, same dairy, coflntry; farmer and
wife; boy to learn blacksmith's trade- 2
strong boys to learn trade; farm hands
choreboyn. etc., and men to bale hay 18c ton
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay «.
SECOND cook for the mines, $40 and found-
also dlshwaeher. same place, $2r> and found
Bread and cake baker, city. $40 to $45 and
found: also bakers helper, same place; cooks
different hotels. Contra Costa, Santa Cruz,
Sacramento counties and other parts of the
country, $35 and $40; waiters. J25 and $30-
dlshwashen), etc.; ranch cooks, etc. MUK-
RAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
20 MEN wanted to go to Sonoma County and
make 4xCx4-foot posts, redwood timber; aloo..
50 woodchoppers
laborers for the mines, $1 60 to $2 50 day'
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay at.
ANYBODY Everybody
Wanting work call on MURRAY A READY'
Leading Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st'
WANTED— i more Scandinavians to dig post-
. holes, $2 a day and t free fare, ;go to-day- 4
Quartz - miners ,$2 50 a day ; * 2 young ; men to
care for invalid. $15: laborer for a mine $2
a ■ day ; 1 , German or .. Scandinavian man' to
pick grapes %$1 a day and board, : good Job-
1 farmer: stableman: 6 men , for woods on i skid
road,. $150 a day; 5 more laborers, short dis-
tance in country, $1 a day and board, no time
; checks; ; quarrvmen. »30 and board. 1 Apply
to J. F.;CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook, country boarding house, $40-
third cook and fryer. $45; 2 cooks, same coun-
try hotel, $30; pantryman, $15; waiter, neat
placo, $40; waiter, restaurant. $11 a week-
2 waiterß. country hotel, $25; waiter, country
restaurant, $30; 2 waiters, $6 a week; night
dishwasher, city, $6 a week; baker's helper
$15 and found; and others. J. F CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
10 .' LABORERS '* for ■% gravel mine, : $52 SO - and
board; 10 woodchoppers. '■ foot oak and pine.
$1 15 and 90c a cord, tools, grub and fare ad-
r?» n » . .- v*•T T * WARD * CO., ■ 608 and 610
uioy si.
HEM 1 WANTED— Continued.
GANG of laborers and teamsters for the fronf
Coast road; free fare. C. R. HANSEN 4
CO., 104 Geary st.
25 2-HORSE teamsters, north, $25 and board
and free fare; 15 laborers, same place, $1 75;
30 teamsters, 2 and 4 horse, and laborers foi
& mountain railroad. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Gvary st.
SHIP laborers and rockmen for Skaguay,
Alaska, railroad this morning; steamer saifa
10 a. m. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
3 LABORERS for a lime company, $1 day and
board; & laborers, near city, $1 25 a day and
board; 3 teamsters, $26 and board; 4 farmers,
$20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
10 LABORERS, city, $1 75 a day, board where
you like. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
MIDDLE-AGED German to care for an in-
valid, $30 and found; see party here. C. 11.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MEAT cook, eating-house, north, $60; 3 cooks.
$30; pantryman, $25; pantryman, springs, $15;
pot washer, $17 50; dishwashers and vegetable
men. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
4 EXTRA waiters; 3 waiters, hotel, $30; 5 wait-
ers. $25; waiter. $45. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
2 MORE colored extra waiters; free fare; free
fee. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt.
EXPERIENCED nurse and companion, coun-
try, $30 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geery st.
EXTRA butcher, country hotel. $2 a day and
free fare both ways. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
JAPANESE bedmaker, city. $20 to $23. C. R.
HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary St.
WANTED— 4 more laborers for steady Job, near
city, $20 per month and found; waiter, country
hotel, fare advanced, $25; scraper teamster for
city, $160 per day; foreman for quarry in
city, $46 and found; lroner for city laundry,
$60; also young German to do chores about
resort near city, $25 and found, good Place;
2 farmers, $20; Scandinavian 'a 00 1 " 6- ♦t_ :
dishwasher, $25; and others. W. D. EW_K
& CO., 826 Clay st.
WANTED— Toung German for housework in
nice private family In city, $15 and found pet
month and increase. W. D. EWER & CU..
626 Clay st.
ENGLISH boy as Becond butler, $20. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Putter st.
GENTS' furnishing goods salesman; good
wages. MISS CULLEN, 325 Butter St.
OLD man as dishwasher, $5 per month. MTSS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
lIDDLE-AGED man as porter, $10 per month
and found; must understand bookkeeping.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. '
MAN and wife, country. MO. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
MAN and wife, small farm, short distance, $35
to $40. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st^
2 BAKERS "and 1 boy 16 years; wages $40, $25
and $10; board, room wid washing free. Wii
Market st.
RESPECTABLE young man, German, for
lunch counter. Call after 10 a. m. at 1053
Market st.
WANTED— Union -flnter to run Bmall Job
office. Inquire MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777
Market st. .
WAW TED— Experienced wrapper. Apply, after
9 a. m.. RAPHAELS.
WANTED— Man to work on ranch. Apply
Girls' Directory, Central aye. and Wallace.
BUSHELMAN wanted. CHAS. ADAMS. 1284
Market Bt.
WANTED— A boy to do typewriting, stenog-
raphy and office work. Address box 969, Call.
WANTED— Carpenter for English ship. HER-
MAN" S, 26 Steufrt.
WANTED— First-class second co.ok. Bay Stata
Oyster House, 15 Stockton st.
YOUNG man to wash dishes, $15 a month and
room. 1436 Turk st.
PRESSMAN wanted on custom pants. 411V4
Kearny St.
DISHWASHER wanted. Model Restaurant,
1212V4 Polk St., near Sutter. ,
BOY wanted at 373 Natoma st.
WANTED— Bushelman: one who can make
coats. Apply 737 Market st.
YOUNG man in meat market. 1601 Grove st.
SHOEMAKERS— Man on repairing. 942 Har-
rison st.
WANTED— 2 good tailors on uniforms. Apply
at 2819 Greenwich St., near Presidio.
MAN to work In lodging-house' for room, board
and laundry. Alpha House, 5 Market St.
BARBER wanted; first class only need apply.
1333 Market St., corner Tenth.
GOOD tailor wanted. Apply at 347 Third st.
BARBER wanted to buy shop; good trade;
cheap rent. Call at 227V4 Second st.
COMPETENT optician; salary or commission;
fair work. 107H4 Market St., near Seventh.
GOOD oyster and short order cook wanted.
The Louvre, San Rafael.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
30 years, who are citizens of the United
States' . or those who have legally declared
their Intention to become such; must be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in height. For further
Information apply at the recruiting oflfce, 20
Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS— Special auction Monday, Septem-
ber 19, 2 p. m.. at 1504 Park st., Alameda. of
a modern barber shop; investigate before
eale this chance of buying paying shop.
MAN familiar with tamale business as solici-
tor; commission and salary. Call 7 to 9 a. m.
and 5 to 7 p. m. 417 Mason st.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; or
trade guaranteed for $15. 1542 Market st.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1104.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at Saa
Francisco Barber College. 138 Vi Eighth st.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50: men's
soling, 35c; only one price. 923 Howard St.
J. J. HEINZ, 630 Market St., official employ^
ment .secretary of Barbers' Protective Union.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis st., near Jackson.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter st.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St., near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
AGENTS~~WANTED~
LADIES and gentlemen; new proposition; bir
money. Room 16, Press Club building, 123
Ellis st.
AGENTS to handle a quick-selling novelty ot
merit. Greater West Adv. & Novelty Co..
1156H Washington St.. Oakland. Cal.
FURNITURES WANTED.
CASH for fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer-
chandise: sold on commission; reasonable. H
COHN, auctioneer, 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
H. BAUM buys furniture and general mer-
chandlse. 1057 Market St.: tel. Je3sle 32.
PARTNERS WANTED^
EXPERIENCED restaurant ran 'irantTmrT.
ner; half interest. $100. 363 12th at.. Oakland.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— 3 sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms, between Market and Bush, Powell and
Larkln; terms moderate. H., box 1797. Call.
WANTED— Cheap unfurnished room, suitable
for studio; central. A. 8. , 1632 Pacific aye.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— Moderrr"houseTT rooms; Western
Addition; purchaser will give hai: cash, half
country property. Address box 1139. Call.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
SECOND-HAND French range wanted. Box
1787. Call office. __^
WANTED— A 25-horse power engine in good
condition; give full particulars and best price
t. o. b. cars, San Francisco. Address R. R.,
box 1706. Call office.
ROLLER top desk; also safe; state full par-
ticulars and price. J. 8., 807 Guerrero st.
WANTED— A 3-row accordion; must be cheap.
_2HO Filbert st.
WANTED — Church or chapel organ. Box 989.
Call.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and maglo lantern &pp*>
i ratus. second-hand. 109 Montgomery it..-.-■-■■.- :k'.;\BUSINESS. CHANCES.
(W-JURNrTOWB of S-room oottwe In Ctar*
: niont. Oakland; chance to furnish and rent
LFsSV^ $ S- «"« Pace; very large lot.
i»f..hb & CO., 765 Market st. • -
K 7^A " rARTNER InAl restaurant: cook pre-
erred; meals 25c upward. LESS. 765 Market.-
• * 7^ C 9 R i? EH grocery & delicacy store; West-
ern Addition; established 6 yrs.; low rent;
• . sicKnesa cause of sale. LESS & CO.. 765 Mkt.
* In<21 n < 2^ :C XK R »' ER *«****. liquor and feed boat-
hors'> ™i " * rooms; best part of Mission;
our be^t ld h Wil * ( owner there 6 year*; one of
our best bargalna. LESS & CO.. 765 Market.
2 lty SA ON ,- Third St.. close to Call build-
• pirVi™ n * 2u: clubrooms; stock worth $500;
cent i? £2 ce ! com Pel owner to accept 25 per
J-' 01 v sold at once. WILKE. 7S3H Market st.
A 7io^'Ki t i^ UE ch ance: saloon in choicest loca-
of lim, lanls: . elegant fixtures: large Block
or liquors: excellent paying pluce; other bual-
"vilkp ™F£l 9 « owner to a great sacrifice.
ILKC. ,S3U, Market St.
' r^? R M, ER proce ry and bar, with 4 living
Hih£rni» 6 « b ,f Nation; 2 blocks north of
and bE!? *?**s'• doln a splendid cash bar
ket st. tnuie ' Int » ulre WILKE. 753,4 Mar-
flne°m C 0C O . RNER °c<?ry and bar with four
first clv?* rooms : rent $20: choicest location:
Jo«» ! Paying; owner bought hotel In San
WILKF -s^U sac rifice; a bargain. Call
- " iB3M. Market at.
* 3 N>T CC i OR . R but cher shop; old established;
month ° lon; nonh of Market St.; clears $75
count °Y el \ expenses; rent $15: bargain ac-
Market st departure - MCLAUGHLIN. 777
0 ranch near tne clt >" bargain.
AIcLAIGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
IX D^7 a GENERAL merchandise store in a pros-
lerous country town; stock by inventory; re-
. tiring. Mclaughlin & co. 777 Market at.
$1^, P ART^ ER wanted in shipping business;
MeLA^mi? ™ ndlna and have references.
Mclaughlin a CO.. 777 Market st.
|4 Sd°«t OO I lVl V^ and bar : north of Market St.;
old established; line location; doing good
business. JONES & SEARLL. 865 Market at.
* 2 ctnd > v ?t"^rf?' A , BL , IHEDl HED cl * ar - stationery.
h^flhi tOre: furnl!! hed rooms; good place for
bright woman. JONES & SEARLL, 865 Market.
*?.'27 GRC i and bar: Western Addition:
elegant location; doing good business; or will
ke^st partUer ' JONES & SEARLL, 665 Mar-
Rvl 81,
$2200 or Gent's furnishing, Oakland; at in-
voice; clears $150. KREDO & CO., 22Vj Geary.
A «f 1800 '. corner grocery and bar; value Insight;
$35 to $40 dally. Kredo & Co., ZSVi Geary st.
* I^T Cor .. druc: store; invoice $3000; *25 daily;
$800. cash. KREDO & CO., 224 Geary st.
FOR SALE— The plant, assets and good will of
the * rands- valentine Company, printers; full
inspection of plant and assets on premises;
Plant in full operatioln; pealed bids to be sent
to A . HEYNEMANN, 310 Pine St.. on or be-
fore September 15. 1898.
$2000-PARTNER wanted, lady or gentleman,
to Invest an equal amount with present owner
in a town site: 45 minutes to Oakland, 1 hour
to San Francisco; sure to double the amount
invested within 3 months; nothing to equal
It around the bay; thorough Investigation al-
lowed. Address at once Confidence. 1162
Washington st.. Oakland.
FOR SALE— Stock and fixtures; fancy goods;
picture frames, etc. present owner In busi-
ness 3 years; rent $10: water free; living
rooms; price $200. J. P. JOHNSTON & CO..
8,2 Broadway, Oakland.
BARBER wanted to buy good shop in coun-
try; 2 chairs. 2 baths; $100; this Is a bargain.
DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
BARBERS— Good shop In country; 2 chairs. 2
baths: $100; this is a bargain. DECKELMAN
BROS., 106 Ellis st.
' $350-, DELICACY. dairy, produce store; fine lo-
cation; Western Addition; with 4 sunny living
Ing rooms; receipts average $10: excellent
chance for man and wife. STENBERG.
BAKERY and business at a sacrifice; In large
town near this city; fine trade; 2 wagons, 4
horses, fixtures of store, etc.; low rent; lease;
will sell for $550. Apply 410 Montgomery st,,
room 2.
" LIQUOR store and wine house; fine central lo-
cation; will sell fixtures without stock If de-
sired; low rent. Box 1740, Call office.
LOOK— Second-hand baker's portable oven;
one-third cost. 3746 Army Bt.
PARTY with $300 to loan can get steady posl-
tlon. Box 1732. Call office.
SHOEMAKER shop for sale; good location; all
complete. 43S Turk st., corner Larkln.
BARBERS Fine* chairs, sitting chairs, mir-
rors, pole, pictures. $12. 713 Mission st. "
$4000 — A RARE opportunity of obtaining an es-
tablished, paying retail notion and -stationery
business, which must be sold, as owners have
. been appointed Western agents for Egry
Autographic ' Registers. Apply PERN A V
BROS.. 543 Clay st., San Francisco. . -V, '-y;
$SOO— AN old-established butcher shop, doing
nice business; fixtures complete; large com-
bination itafe; large and small scales; cash
register, almost new; large ice box; marble
counters, etc. Apply box 1768, Call office. ..
WANT partner with small capital for legiti-
mate proposition; will net $2500 In two
months. Call, 2 to 5, at 1265 Franklin St.,
Oakland. ' ' . Vri,.
FIRST-CLASS oyster house for sale; first-class
location: on account of other business. Z.,
box 9, Call Office, Oakland. ■ '/ : K-'
BUTCHER business; first-class fixtures and
cash trade; must be sold this week; owner
going to Klondike. Apply 1309 Mason st.
FINE paying candy store for sale cheap. In-
quire at 1544 Market st.
BARBER' shop, good business, with baths, for
sale, in country. 122 Third st. -.-»i > ■'
$100 NICE fruit store for sale, on account of
sickness ; low rent. 130 Eighth st.
A—ssoo;A — $500; SALOON opposite new ferry; bargain.
Address box 1746. Call office.
JOB Printers— About $1500 will put you into
good business. X., box 8, Call office, Oakld.
$125— PARTNER to open dairy and produce
store; have team and fixtures. 606 Clay st.
SALOON and lodging house: will improve to
suit tenant. Inquire 130 Fourth st.
CHEAP saloon, doing good business; living
rooms upstairs. Apply Call office.
BUTCHER shop; on account of ill health; good
trade. 391 Sixth st. . .r'-'. : -
GOOD bakery.' only-store trade; cash business:
good location: fine chance for baker. For par-
ticulars apply this office.
FOR Sale— half Interest in the best 4-chair
barber shop In Fresno; it must be sold at
once. Address X., box 2957, Fresno.
PHYSICIAN would like to hear of country lo-
cation; druggists and others might reply. Box
IS4. Call office.
MONEY en diamonds, sealskins, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
JlOf-O— CORNER grocery and bar In Mission;
present owner . there " seven years. Address
Grocery Store. 868 Folsom st.
' GAS fixtures very low; large assortment ;l
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Oate aye. '
FOR sale— Call route .at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from 080.
W. CA SWELL & CO. '9, 415 Sacramento rt.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A-KREDO A CO 22V4 GEARY ST.
11 rooms: fine residence; Geary st.; all
new; clears $60 monthly; must sell $ 800
14 rooms: bay-window corner; central and
desirable; clears $100 month..... 850
22 rooms; newly papered; good furniture;
$800 cash; balance time 600
60 rooms; best on Geary St.; clears $150;
nothing better ever offered -. 2000
Several large houses to exchange for realty..
A— 74 rooms; south of Market st.; fine.... 54000
31 rooms; transient; Market st 950
15 rooms; select; transient: corner 300
86 rooms: elegant; furnished hotel 1800
F. C. HYDE & CO., successors to Rogers
& Hyde. 1206 Market st. -
A— 26 ROOMS; rent $50; near Baldwin Hotel:
call this week. F. C. HYDE & CO., suc-
cessors to Rogers & Hyde. 1206 Market st.
18-ROOM house: easy payments $500
8-room flat; very g00d.... «00
60 other houses: 4 to 300 rooms $100 to 6000
H. C. DECKER 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
~ FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 8 living rooms complete; ex-
cellent condition: also ladies' bicycle, sac-
rifle- E.. box 1781. Call office. . .
FURNITURE of, 6 rooms for sale cheap; no
agents. 355 Jessie st. ■ . 'v
B-ROOM flat, brand new furniture, for Bale.
Call forenoons at 1711 Scott St.
~~ "carpet cleaning^ :
CITIT Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
}8 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 260.
WHEN you become disgusted with : poor ' work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 853-57 Tehama st. ; tel.. S. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-cleaning Co., 453
Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at 3c.
STRATTON.i 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944. .
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st. : cleaning 3c yard; tel. Mission 74. -.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating: Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Butter st,
tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
OMARI OMAR!~~ ~~OMAR!
THE OCCULT WONDER. —
325 EDDY ST.. 325.
MARVELOUS TESTS. — —
FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER.
Nume of Sweetheart or Husband.
Advice to make you succeed in love, busi-
ness, mnrrlage, divorce, law suits, etc. ; cures
drunkenness, bad habits, evil Influences; lo-
cates mines, burled treasures, etc. ; guaran-
tees success.
OMAR NEVER FAILS
To unite the separated and
Cause speedy and happy marriages.
OMAR —
Guarantees success In all cases.
Letters containing $1 and 4 questions an-
swered. Private residence, 325 Eddy st., 325.
MRS. DR. T. CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium; while en-
tranced she will reveal every hidden mystery
In life; she will show you how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lost nffectlons: unites the separated, recov-
ers lost, stolen or buried property; locates
treasures, minerals; tells your entire life,
while In a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for cir-
cular with special terms. MRS. DR. F.
CLARK, rms 25 & 28. 1206 Market, opp. Jth.
ATTENTION! PROF. H. ROMAINE
; ; — The Oriental Seeer.
1 '■ Late of India. 1
TELLS FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER.
Tells what ypu called for; advises on busi-
ness, speculation, love, everything; reunites
separated: causes speedy marriages: recovers
old estates; locates buried treasures In five
days; never fails. Satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp for special terms. Offices,
1206 Market st. Hours, 10 to 8.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease; full life reading; la.
60c; gents sl; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 60. 126 Turk.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 26c up. 7S Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 26c. 148 Sixth st., room 10.
YOUR future told by cards for 25 cents. 221
Plxth st.
MAUD FOSTER, medium anA astrology. 34
Sixth st., room 8. ▼
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 26c up. 5 Fourth Bt.
MRS. DR. RAMONDI— Your fortune told by
chirography, $1 and $2. 109 Grant aye., room 2.
MRS. B. BAL'MANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, In wrapper, for mailing.
SI'IR ITUAXiISM.
MRS. J. J. V.'HITNKY, trance test medium
and life reader; alao medical clairvoyant;
treats with revealed remedies; removes can-
cer without pain; treats all diseases; private
sittings $1; by letter $2. Office. 232 Stockton.
CIRCLE to-day, 2 o'clock. 25c, 112^ Oak: Tues-
day. 8 p. m. ; readings, $1; Mayo-Steers.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
10c; 605 McAllister St.; come skeptics.
I BOOKS— Occult, liberal, spiritual and scientific.
1429 Market; oftlce of Philosophical Journal.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 212H Sixth st.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
dium. US Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
Ings, $l;clr. Tues.. Frl., 2 p. m. ; Mon. 8; 25c
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Cifll. Bent to any address in the United
Ftates or Canada one year for $1 60. postage
paid.
HTPHOTIBM
S. F. College Therapeutics, 305 Larkln St.,
open day and eve. for patients and pupils.
MUSICAL INSTHI MKNTF.
AS we are celling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$6 per month. SHEKMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
AN elegant Harilman piano; slightly unod;
very low price; a square for practice, $25; a
Steinway, $150: closing out several others,
fine order, at low prices, to make room; see
our elegant display of Hardmans; no better
pianos made. THE J. DEWING CO.. second
floor, Flood building.
AUS'iLI'TELY the oldest and largest house
west o< Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and SO O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs and
all other musical, Instruments of all grades
ar.rt prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible. dune, to please and satisfy the
customer.
A— CHAPPELL upright, $85, mahogany; Mar-
shall & Wenrtell upright, $150, rosewood; Gab-
ler upright, $190, rosewood. Chickering agents,
BENJ. CURTAZ'ft SON. 16-JO OFarrell St.
FOR the next 30 days pianos will be sold for
cash at almost cost price by THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 7G9 Market St.; they
are making room for fresh block.
BOHICEB & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby. Evans,
Brlggs and other planrts; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308, 310, 312 Post st.
NEW organs rented, $1 per month; new pianos
rented. $2 60 per month. SCOTT-CURTASS
PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
A MAGNIFICENT 3-pedal Steinway, nearly
new, $160. KEEFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.
GRAND bargain, fine upright cheap for cash;
must sell. Room 33, 506 Jones st.
A— s6o; UPRIGHT; $5 Installments; other cheap
pianos. 216 McAllister st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON. 824 Post s^
"AD" smallest: price lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents »2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister st.,
next Hibernla Bank. SCHMITZ. _^_
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 OFarrell St.
H'"T'RHIOR violins, Elthers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clny— Open unttl 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
tions and want ads t-'on.
HORSES.
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Sales Yards_^ 220 Valencia St., between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc., at your own price; come and
make, an offer.
40 HORSES for sale; aIBO wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. PULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
LARGE assortment of work, draught and drlv-
tng horses, cheap. 145 Valencia at.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, bakers' and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installment)*; 1 fine top and open
buggy: also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lle-
bold Harness Co.. 211 I.artcln. opp. City Hall.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without sucess; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 800 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 146 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st
LOST.
LOST— Male greyhound, sort of bluish color,
about 12 months old, Tuesday, September 6,
Finder will be liberally rewarded by return-
Ing to J. DENNIS, SE. cor. Eddy and Fill-
more sts.
LOST— Breastpin, name engraved "Pearly," 3
2'i-cent pieces attached, at Golden Gate Park.
Finder return to 58 Second st. Liberal reward.
LOST — A note book, 3 to 6 Inches: reward to
finder. KIYO_&_CO., 4C2 Haight st.
SEPTEMBER 3, gold belt, buckle apd ribbon;
keepsake; reward. Return 527H Guerrero st.
339 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
FOUND.
LEFT at qur store on August 19, one bicycle.
Owner can have same by proving owner-
ship and paying expenses. RE BROS.,
Twenty-fourth Ft. and Potrero aye.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALtT~typ«wrltters soid and rented; few~partly
ueed for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER_& CO., 110 Montgomery.
NEW Hammond, $35: Callgraph, $15: Yost. 125:
get »Bmple work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery.
BICYCLES.
fwiLL sell 16 new 1*97 hlgh-frs.de bicycles
(sold in 1897 for $100) at $29; bfggest bargain
of the year; first come, first served. JOSEPH
HOLLE, Twentieth and Folsom ata.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1893.
HOUSES TO "LET^?|V^'J
BAY-WINDOW house of 4 rooms; 212 Perry St.,
near Fourth;, rent $12 50; water free. Apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO. .
ELEGANT house, 8 rooms; front and rear gar-
den. SIS McAllister st. rent $36.
FOR RENT— of 10 rooms and bath. 1310
Larkln st. Apply 1318 Larkln ' st. ..
LAUREL aye.. nr. Turk & Buchanan— can
economize by hiring house 6 rms; bath; $11.
PINE. 665— 4-room and bath, sunny Bide; cellar;
cheap. '■'■.-• '-.''.•'' •'.'■■ . ' .'. ; ;. :
'WE can rent you . a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. :
3-STORY, ■> 7 rooms tfnd bath. 113 Olive
aye., near corner Polk and Ellis stß.
; , COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottages, 5 rooms, bath; basement,
yard; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St., near Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
A^O^FLXTsTranTTroorns. . .TTTriTlTrr.TT^fll
A— flats; sto 7 rooms :.. — ....sll— s2o
20 new flats (cheap) at SPECK & CO.'S, 602
Market st. ... ; . ; i
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— " flat of 3
rooms, $7; also 2-room , flat, $6. .
EIGHTEENTH, 4555. ' near Hattle— and 5
rooms and bath; rent' sl2 and $13.
FULTON, US— Fine sunny middle f.at: 7 rooms,
bath; water free;, near City Hall; $28.
FOLSOM, 951, near Sixth— Flat with 7 rooms
and bath; suitable for private and rooming.
MOSS, 30%, between Sixth and Seventh, on"
Howard— Lower . bay-window flat of 5 large
rooms; yard basement, j •
MONTY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
NATO MA. 714V4— Flat of 4 rooms: yard and cel-
lar; sun all day; $10; no children.
NEW 5-room, bath; reduced to $20. 2531 Post
St., or SPECK & CO.
NOB HILL flat, opp. Stanford's, 7 rooms, bath,.
$35. ! 729 Powell st. < •■.,.'
SHIPLEY, 287. near Sixth— flat 6 rooms
and bath. . : .
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. ■ ■ • ...
$10 — FLAT of 4 rooms. 816 Folsom St., near
Fourth.
$14— TO let— Corner flat of 5 rooms and bath.
3338 Twenty-sixth St.. near Capp. i_
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH, Nicely furnished sunny bay-win-
dow room; also large unfurnished bay-window
room; grate; gas; bath.
BRANNAN, 725. above Sixth— Sunny kitchen
and bedroom; furnished; $6. ;
EDDY, 915— Well-furnished connecting sunny
rooms: large garden; fine location;. private.
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkln— Bay-window alcove;
mantel, gas, bath; use of kitchen.
FIRST, 305, above Folsom— Only $8: upper. part
of house, 3 rooms, In good order.
GEARY. 556— Elegant sunny suite; privilege
housekpg; others; hot, cold water; gas; bath.
GOLDEN place, 3—B sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping: rent reasonable.
HOWARD, Parlor suite for housekeeping,
$12; nicely furnished: others, $8; single, $4.
JESSIE. 373, near Fifth— 2 housekeeping rooms
only $9.
JESSIE, 433— Two nice sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; rent $9.
JULIAN aye., 169, near Sixteenth St.— unfur-
nished large front connecting rooms. ' ;
LEAVENWORTH. 225— Large unfurnished bay-
window room; American family; adults: $10.
LEWIS, -18, off Taylor, near Poet — and
kitchen; furnished or unfurnished; reasonable.
MASON, 8 (The Albemarle)— Nice sunny rooms
for light housekeeping.
MINNA, — Sunny front furnished housekeep-
ing rooms at very low rent.
MINNA, , 646 — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing. ■'..■'
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins and Jewelry, at UNCLE HARRIS. 16
Grant aye.
NOE, 151—2 pleasant front rooms furnished;
coal range; bath; yard; stationary tubs; $11.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— Parlor, bedroom,
kitchen, gas stove; sun all day; $18.
O'FARRELL; 4O6Mi— Front and back parlor,
privilege of kitchen, bath and gas. $16. ..•■-.
SEVENTH, 223— Large sunny single furnished
room for housekeeping. ; . .-
SHIPLEY, 261 — 4 rooms. $6; new house; no
children, no dogs, no cats.
SIXTH. 216%— Large ■ sunny front housekeep-
ing rooms; also single rooms; quiet home.
STOCKTON, 1703— 2 sunny connecting rooms
furnished complete; $7, 1 large Bunny fur-
nished housekeeping room.
THIRD, 340— Large front . room . complete for
housekeeping; $8. ' ' .
TORRENS court, 2. off Clay, bet. Hyde and
Larkin — Part of flat, unfurnished; bath; sun;
fine neighborhood; , very cheap. .
TURK, 127— Parlor for office; housekeeping and
single rooms; newly furnished. '
TURK, 643 — Sunny bedroom and kitchen: com-
plete for housekeeping; gas stove, gas and
bath; $14. ■ -
TWELFTH, Large sunny housekeeping
rooms, furnished complete, $12 mo.; one for $8.
339 HAVES. ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. '
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
WINDSOR Hotel— Rooms without board; ac-
commodations for cooking. 9th & Washington.
.ROOMS TO LET.
A— STOCKTON, 242 — First-class sunny front
rooms; suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-claad
in every respect; terms reasonable. , . . .
SELECT home; Hotel Florence, 102 Ellis,
cor. Powell; elevator; baths; best attention.
AT O'Farrell, 1023, near Van Ness — Hand-
some alcove and other rooms.
AT 52 Second— single, double and light
housekpg rms; wk, $1 to $2 50; day 25c to Me.
AT 416 O'Farrell— Sunny rooms; suites; single;
by day, week or mo.; baths, running water.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Sunny, furnished rooms; 2
blocks from Palace Hotel; every convenience;
elevator; tourists; near principal clubs. '
BUSH, 805— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
newly renovated, from $6 per month upward.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or tin-
urnisheu single and double rms. ; $3, $10 mo. .
EDDY. Pleasant front room; also others;
$6 up; sunny housekeeping suites cheap. '
EDDY, ; 212 (The Lexington)— 50 cents to
$1 per night; $2 to $6 a week; families.
ELLIS, 611— Sunny front double rooms, suitable
for 2; gentlemen preferred.
FIFTH, 152— Nice sunny rooms, well furnished,
from $1 a week upward. ' ■ ■
FIFTH. 309 — Large sunny corner room ; run-
ning water: other rooms; also housekeeping.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER. -
GIRARD House, 192 Seventh, near Howard-
Bunny rooms; reasonable: also housekeeping.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week. $1 to 94; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN - OATE aye, 402— Newly furnished
sunny front room; gas and bath; $8. .
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families. : '
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HILLBDALE, 33 Sixth St.— Sunny suite for
housekeeping; suite for I gents; reasonable!.
HOTEL VANCOUVER, 1001 Elegantly
furnished suites and single rooms; moderate.
HYDE. 232— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms; $6 month up; with all conveniences.
JESSIE, : Thoroughly renovated; sunny
front single and double rooms; $1 week up.
JESSIE, • 478, near Sixth— Sunny : front room
■ and others. ■ -' ' ' . '.■■■,-. ':-,. ■....',-
KEARNY, 326— Sunny, furnished room for gen-
tleman or gentleman and wife In private
family ; ■ rent • cheap. : Inquire .- at shoe store. r
LEAVENWORTH, 405— Large sunny front
room ; water; ; gents; ■ single • front • room, $6. -
LEAVENWORTH, 512^4— A German widow has
nice sunny front room for 1 or 2 gents.
MANSFIELD— 2I2 Post— Elegant sunny rooms, ■
suite or single; baths connecting; moderate
' rates. "-■■••■•• •- ■ ' ' ' -';■-- '•■■■-■.':*>:■
MASON, 225— Sunny bay-window rooms -for 2;
; $2 up; day, week or month. \
MINNA. 648—2 large sunny rooms, with ranee
If required, $8. . :
MINNA, 667, ; : corner Eighth— Newly ' furnished
.. bay-window room, $1 per. week; transient. -v >■•■:
MISSION,- 1729%, near Thirteenth—
room and bath; $3 50 per month. ■;) v> . ; -
MONEY* loaned on diamonds, - watches Jewelry
and sealskins at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
ROOMS TO LET— Continned.
O'FARRELL, 271— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 331— Large, sunny rooms for gen-
tlemen or light housekeeping, $10.
POST, 1011 — Alcove front room, bath connect-
ing;'also single room; gas; private family.
BHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TAYLOR. 109— Single rooms $1 and $1 60 per
week; double rooms $1 75 and $2.
TAYLOR, 311— Beautifully furnished suite or
single; bath; piano; gentlemen preferred; ref.
THE Piedmont. 119 A Sixth St.— 2 or 8 rooms,
furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
VAN NESS aye., 930— Sunny newly furnished
rooms, with excellent board; references.
TREMONT House, 1773 Market St., opp. Gough
—House newly furnished; single rooms or
suits: two kitchens for tenants for light
housekeeping; rooms from $5 to $12.
WENDT Hotel, 22 Sacramento— Best rooming
house on water front: single 25c up; week $1
up; fine rooms for housekeeping: cheap.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AHLBORN House. 319-321-323 Grant aye. —
Rooms 50c up; board and room, $1 per day and
upward; free bus to and from hotel.
BRANNAN, 444-6 (New Mechanics' Hotel)—
Board and room $4 60 per week; single rooms
$1 per week.
BUSH, 822— Nicely furnlßhed room; 2 gentle-
men; separate beds; running water; $50.
FOLSOM, 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 334, near City Hall-
Handsome, large, sunny alcove; two adults;
other rooms; piano; private family.
GEARY. 227— First-class board; home cooking;
special rates to students, clerks; dinner, 25c.
HEATH, 312 Eddy— 6elect family boardlng-
house; first clrbs all appointments; hot water
every room; home cooking; terms moderate.
HOTEL SALISBURY, 299 Hyde— Well furnished
rooms; beautiful grounds; table unsurpassed.
HYDE, 408— Sunny alcove, hot.cold water, with
board; also single room; private; reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 742 — Very best board; pleasant
parlor, with piano; everything entirely new.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Large sunny room for two
with board, $40; also single rooms.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished sunny
Market st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS aye., 519— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms: first-class table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
LADY without children would like child to
board; good home and mother's care. MRS.
H., 71 Natoma Bt.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; good
home and care; near school. 61 Clara st.
RESPECTABLE German lady wishes to board
2 children; good home; terms reasonable.
624 Turk st.
WANTED— ChiId to board; lovely home in
Frultvale; own cow and carriage; reasonable.
X., box 7, Call office, Oakland.
CHILDREN or Infants boarded: mother's care;
references: moderate. 234Vfe Sixth St.
STORES TO LET.
GOOD corner store, bar and 3 rooms; brick
basement: cheap. Northeast corner of Fl£»
teenth and Dolores sts.
NATOMA. 645— Store and 2 rooms, suitable for
moet any business, $11.
PACIFIC. 324, near Sansomn — Large handsome
store cheap to good tenant.
MEDICAL.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter from what cause); safe
and sure at any time; my celebrated reme-
dies and treatment have never been known to
fall; travelers helped without delay; home in
confinement; skillful medical attention; all
those who are sick and discouraged consult
the doctor free and confidential; strong pills
and eajraules. $1. MRS. DR. WYETH, 208
Turk st., near Jones.
ALL Ladles — C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted: travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market
Bt.; pills. $1; very strong, $2.
DR. WISE, late of Bellevue Hospital, N. V.,
obstretrlcs specialist, offices Hackmeicr Hotel,
123 Eddy st., chronic and complicated dls-
- eases cured; patients «ssur«d flrst-elas*
medical attendance, besides enjoying pri-
vacy of home with experienced attendants;
strictest confidence maintained in all cases;
consultation free. Hours, 9 to 11 and 2 to 8.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure: no danger or after ef-
fects; taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye., 8. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elswhere write us.
SELF-CURE can be sent for female trouble;
no matter from what cause and how long
standing; *very woman her own physician;
restores always In one day; safe and sure; no
medicine or Instruments used; consultation
free; Faves disgrace; pills and capsules, $L
By the well-known ladies' physician, for S7
years, DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
LADIES, Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best: safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause; no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office. $5; travelers helped Instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market Bt.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate: infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
PRIVATE home in confinement by a first-class
German midwife; Infants adopted Into good
homes. 616 Turk St., near Larkln.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: Infallible, safe reme-
dies; 38 years' experience. 254% Fourth st. •
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; sunny, pleasant
home In confinement. 156 Second st.
DR. HALL, 1228 Market st., diseases of women
and children.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.: telephone Jessie 1132.
CROOME Dental Parlors. 759 Market, bet. Sd
and 4th— Painless filling, extracting, crowning
and bridging by use of electricity; plates, $5
up; filling, 50c up; crowns and bridges, $5 up;
extracting with gas, $1.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5' up; fillings, J6c up; all work
fialnless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ngs. 997 Market St., cor. Sixth.
PAINLESS~EXTRACTION BRIDGE WORK—
New York methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. 969 Mission st., cor. Sl*th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and filling a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOTJNG, IS4I Polk «t.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. IS2O Market st.
PAINLESS filling a specialty. DRS. PERRT
& PITTiTPTIE. 8 Mason Bt.. cor. Market.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
NEW mining and milling machinery cheap;
easy terms. Assay office, 10 Stevenson st.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, etc.,
new, 2d-hand. SMITH CO., 527 Mission st.
NEW handsome 16-feet quartered oak bar and
back bar; bargain. 518 Bush st.
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
glnes, boilers, dynamos, etc. 616 Mission st.
60,000 FEET 2d-hand lumber; rustle and floor-
Ing; 16th. near Mission; old buildings bought.
F. J. FRENCH, Royal House, 126 Ellis st.
PHONOGRAPHS. $20: records. $5 per do»en;
projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl. 938-552 Market, j
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun.
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and seo-
ond hand. J. NOONAN, IQI7-1O1»-1«21-1Q2J
Mission St., above Sixth.
J. R. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 737.
BAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
•lacs; half original cr.«r 109-111 Market. S. F.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States, postpaid, for $1 E0 a rear.
PERSONALS.
JlM— Will meet you 11:45.
SUTTER.
J. C. R.— Called, but you had moved. Please
send address to box 1791, Call office.
TWO young ladles can procure good positions
to introduce Egry Autographic Sales Regis-
ters among down town merchants. PEKXAU
BROS., Agents, 543 Clay st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. QEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st., near Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SEE Lederer's Qulnonia Hair Tonic exhibit
In his windows this week: Qulnonia is a re-
markable discovery; nothing like it for the
hair; 35c bottle. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton.
SOMETHING new; Manila solidified perfume;
delicious; send 10c for sample. Address box
1776, Call office.
HAIRDRESSING with curls is the thing; reg-
ular price 50o; m>' price 45c: hairdrpssing only
25c. G. LEDERER, HI Stockton st.
IOWARD— Let us know If you are well. We
expect a letter. ' MAMMA.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. PUNKE, 1416 Bth st., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
MASU MIYAKAWA. Japanese contractor and
labor agent, 410 Kearny st. ; tel. Green 19.
DRESSMAKERS.
MISP GILLIGAN, dressmaking and cloak-
making school. 223 Grant aye:
CHILDREN'S dresses made and fitted at their
homes. Address D., 387 Hayes st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses, $5
up: dresses made over. 3 Eddy st.. rm. 14-16.
EDUCATIONAL.
MARK HOPKINS Institute of Art.— Special
life classes have been formed for women,
every Monday, Wednesday and Friday even-
Ings, $5 per month or $16 per term;; antique
classes, $5 per month or $10 per t-arm; day
classes, 5 days per week, $10 per month or
$37 50 per term; Saturday class, $12 per term.
For further particulars apply at school build-
ing, corner Mason and Pine sts., to J. 11.
MARTIN; Secretary.
A ST. CELIAN choral is being formed by M.
Merigan, organist St. Dominic's; 100 voices
wanted every Wednesday evening; entrance
and dues first month, $1; includes thorough
vocal instruction; sight reading; blackboard
used; private lessons; voice piano organ. Ap-
ply 1 to 5 p. m., hall 5, 102 O'Farrell St., or
residence, 1302 Webster, mornings, evenings.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st.— Ecok-
keeplng, business practice, ihorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892: catalogue.
ATRES 1 Business College, 723 Market St.;
individual instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches and special course for Civil Service
examinations, etc.; life scholarship, $50; low
rates per week and month.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry, Ph. B.. Fel-
low In Mathematics, U. C, 7407 S. Atherton,
nr. Channlng way, Berkeley; writ a for circular.
ENGINEERING School civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. Burvey, assay, archit. ; day & eve. ;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILI.EN. 933 Market.
PIANO and Oermnn: pupil of Conservatory In
Lelpslc; lessons 75 cents. 110 Hyde st.
MME. Annis Montague Turner, vocal Instruc-
tions; correct and natural method. 930 Bush.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND taught In 1 month: references;
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrs experience. Press Club bldg. 123 Ellis.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
classes; prl. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman, 1234 Bush.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS~for Inside Sliding Blinds, Mission
High School.
Office Board of Education. Ran Francisco,
December 12. 1896. — In accordance with a reso-
lution adopted by the Board of Education of
the City and County of San Francisco, sealed
proposeals will be received by the Superin-
tendent of Common Schools, In open session
of the Board of Education, on Wednesday,
September 14, IS9S, at 4 o'clock p. m., for in-
side sliding blinds for Mission High School,
at the northwest corner of Eighteenth and
Dolores streetß, in said city and county, in
accordance with plans, which may be seen at
the office of Charles I. Havens, architect of
said board, room 66. Flood building, southwest
corner Fourth and Markot streets.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certi-
fied check, as required by the specifications.
The party or parties to whom contracts may
be awarded will be required prior to or a"t
the time of the execution of contracts to pay
the cost of advertising this notiro.
Blank proposals furnished by the Secretary.
The board reserves the right to reject any
or all bids, or any portion of any bid, as the
public good may require.
CHAS. M. WELCH. Secretary.
PROPOSAL for Mineral Oil— SG New Montgom-
ery et., San Francisco, Cal., September 6th
1898. Sealed proposals In triplicate will be rel
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m. (Pacific
standard time). October 7th. IS9B, for furnish-
ing and storing here 70,000 gallons mineral
Oil, 135 degreos flash test, in cases of two
five-gallon cans each. Tha United States re-
serves the right to reject or accept any or all
proposals or any part thereof. Information
furnished on application. Envelopes contain-
ing proposals should be marked "Proposals
for Mineral Oil," and addressed OSCAR F
LONG, Assistant Quartermaster United States
Army, Depot Quartermaster.
LEGAL NOTICES.
REFEREE'S sale In partition— ln the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, Department No 1
THOMAS F. DUNN, Plaintiff, vs. LAWI
RENCE DUNN et als.. Defendants. Cause
Notice is hereby given that under and In
pursuance of the interlocutory decree In par-
tition and order of sale heretofore duly made
and given In the above-entitled court and
cause, and thereafter, to wit, on the 6th day
of April, 1898. duly entered of record therein
by which said interlocutory decree of said
court, the undersigned, G. H. Umbsen, was
appointed by consent In open court of all the
parties to said action, as sole referee in said
cause, for the purpose of making sale of the
real property hereinafter described, and by
which said decree It was directed that said
real property be sold at public auction in the
manner required by law, the undersigned, as
euch referee, will, on Monday, the 12th day
of September, 1898, at the hour of twelve ill)
o'clock m., at the real estate office and sales-
rooms of G. H. Umbsen & Co. at No 14
Montgomery street. In the City and County of
Ban Francisco, State of California, self at
public auction in separate parcels to the
highest bidder for cash In United States gold
coin, and subject to confirmation by said Su-
perior Court, those certain lots, pieces or par-
cels of real property situate, lylntr and beinr
in Bald City and County of San Francisco
State of California, and bounded and de-
scribed as follows, to wit: y
First— Commencing at a point on the north-
erly line of Minna street, three hundred and
nlnety-stx feet northeasterly from the north-
easterly corner of Third and Minna streets,
thence northeasterly on the line of and front-
ing on Minna street twenty-fly (25) feet,
thence at right angles northwesterly eighty
<g0) feet, thence at right angles southwesterly
twenty-five (2C) feet, thence at right angles
southeasterly eighty (SO) feet to Minna street
and the point of beginning, being a. portion of
lot number ten of the One Hundred Vara Sur-
vey, as laid down on the official map of the
City and County of San Francisco, and being
& subdivision of said one hundred vara lot
Second— Commencing at a point formed by
the Intersection of the southerly line of Pan
street with the westerly line of Octavia street,
running thence southerly along said line of
Octavia street forty (40) feet, thence at right
angles westerly elghty-Beven and six-twelfths
(87 6-12) feet, thence at right angles northerly
forty (40) feet, thence at right angles easterly
eighty-seven and six twelfths (87 6-12) feet to
the point of commencement, being a part of
Western Addition block number two hundred
and twelve (212).
Third— Commencing at a point on the north-
westerly line of Minna street, distant thereon
two hundred and seventeen (217) feet south-
westerly from the northwesterly corner of
Second and Minna streets (said point of com-
mencement being the northeasterly corner of
New Montgomery and Minna streets), running
thence northerly at right angles with Minna
street and along the easterly line of New
Montgomery street eighty (80) feet, thence
at right angles easterly and parallel with
Minna street fifty-nine and six-twelfths
(59 6-12) feet, thence at right angles southerly
end parallel with New Montgomery street
eighty (80) feet to the northwesterly line of
Minna street, and thence at right angles
westerly along the northwesterly line of
Minna street fifty-nine and six-twelfths
(69 6-12) feet to the point of commencement,
being a subdivision of the one hundred vara
lot number eight (S).
Fourth— Commencing at the northwest cor-
ner of Sanchez and Duncan streets, running
thence westerly along the northerly line of
Duncan street eighty (RO) feet, thence north-
erly and parallel with Sanchez street one hun-
dred and fourteen feet (114) feet, thence east-
erly parallel with Duncnn street eighty (80)
feet to Sanchez street, thence southerly along
the westerly line of Sanchez street one hun-
dred and fourteen (114) feet to Duncan
street, the point of commencement, together
with the Improvements thereon.
Terms and conditions of sale: Ten fIC) per
cent of the purchase price to be paid to tha
referee on each parcel fold at the time of
sale. Balance of purchase price upon con-
firmation of sale by said Superior Court and
delivery of deed.
Dated this 19th day of August. 1898.
G. H. TIMBSEN.
Sole Referee Appointed by Said Superior
Court.
DINKELSPETL * GE6FORD,
Attorneys for Plaintiff, No. 805 Claus Sprack-
sla Building. San Francisco.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
Real Estate Agents.
$2400— 5500 cash, balance $15 monthly; hand-
some bay-window cottage of 4 large rooms and
bath, on Thirtieth st., near Church; lot 25x114.
$3000— Secured lease $45 net; 2 years to run;
large corner lot on Stevenson st. ; size 50x64;
improvements, store and flats; this is a splen-
did Investment. '.-- •■ i ;.--:;* ; ...'^.;'i-
'■"■ PAYS OVER' 10 PER CENT.
$8500 — 3 handsome flats on Baker St., close to
park , entrance; c up to j date lin every respect;
marble- steps; latest sanitary plumbing, .■ etc.
I $29.000— Choice piece • of .' business property,
north of Market st. and within 4 blocks of Pow-
ell and .Eddy;, improvements consist of stores 1
and lodging-house above of 25 rooms; rent $207.
-$3000— "Fourth aye., near Clement st. ; 2 flats of
5 rooms and bath each; rent $32; lot 25x120. » t
$7250— Just finished; now open for inspection; 2.
splendid flats of 6 and 7 rooms, etc., on Devisa-
dero St., near Golden Gate aye.; rent $62 50; lot
25x100.: -. , fA". .. -■- - - • . ; .. ■• •
$3500— Easy terms; 2-story residence, 7 rooms
and bath; all modern improvements; lot 25x114;
4324 Twentieth st., near Castro. '. : '
Leavenworth St., near California; 2-
story residence, 7 rooms and bath; lot with 2
frontages; an offer wanted. ■ .-. . ' ■
■ — Good investment and good home; brand-
new residence on Dolores-st. corner, containing
7 rooms and bath; handsomely decorated and
tinted; portion of lot vacant; plenty of room
and good place for store and flats.
$6800— Make an offer; Broderick Bt., close to
California; 2 modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms and
bath each; extra large lot; rents $62 60.
$4350— Very cheap bay-window cottage of i 6
rooms and bath: Hayes St., within walking dis-
tance of town; large lot.
$3000— Near the corner of Frederick and Stan-
yan sts.; modern cottage of 6 rooms and bath;
handsomely decorated; lot 25x137:6.
A BARGAIN.
$3250— Rent $38; 4 flats on Clementina st., near
Eighth; lot 25x75; building in good repair.
$2500— Clara st., between Third and Fourth;
2-story building; flats of 4 and 6 rooms; rent
$25;. lot 25x55; improvements in good condition;
only $600 cash required, balance can be pale
out of the rents. ■ ■: ;-j, ;>
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
' ; . . .10 Montgomery st.
PARK LOTS. '•'■ - "T^uT
$5, $10, $15, $20 payments will secure the foun-
dation for a home in Sunset District, situated
south side ot Golden Gate Park, near Affili-
ated Colleges, church, public schools, Balboa
boulevard and all park attractions; Spring
Valley, water pipes laid to Sunset Heights and
gas to be had on application; for particulars
take electric cars to our branch office, Ninth
aye. and H St., where our agent will furnish
maps, 1 prices, etc; open every day. including
Sundays and holidays. BALDWIN & HOW-
ELL, 10 Montgomery st.
A_ M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market St..
OFFER 4 CHOICEST. INVESTMENTS IN S. F.
I OFFER 4 CHOICEST INVESTMENTS IN S. F.
$158,000— Market St.. 50 ft. front, half block
from Emporium; old buildings; rents $650
(about) : terms, half cash.
$130.000— Grand cor.; 100 ft. front, with ele-
gant four-story building, now renting for $800;
only block from Baldwin; pays 6 per cent net;
only $40,000 cash needed.
$85,000— Grand investment; five-story modern
building, cost $70,000 few years ago; with 75 foot
frontage; within block of ■ Market and Sixth
sts. ; renting for about $500; no mistake can be
made in this purchase. •- ...
$12.000— C0r., 52x85 feet, within H block of 3
Market st. car lines; with 8 substantial flats,
all rented for $120; terms, Vi cash.
Notice. — There never was a better
time to buy real estate. San Fran-
cisco has a brighter future than any
other city in the United States, and
offers more inducements and larger
Interest than any other city.
Profitable investments from $500 to $2,000
always on hand at A. M. SPECK & CO. 602
Market St. " ■ -;,u : , : . ■
SOL GETZ & BROTHER, . " ■ '
ROOM A, First Floor.
: Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
EXPERT JUDGES BUY PROPERTY NOW!
BARGAINS NOW! PROFITS LATER!
$100, $150 to $250; level building lota near
Mlssion-st. electric cars: only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS!
$400, $450 to $850; officially graded; superb
view; $25 down, $10 monthly.
.. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$400. $450 TO $750; choicest Richmond building
lots: street graded and sewered: $25 down,
$10 monthly. ■ SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room A, Crocker building.
4-ROOM cottage; bath: new; big lot; for sale
cheap. ' Apply 47 Chaaultepec st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR Sale— ranch. 1200- acres land; 500
acres fine grain land; remainder grazing, hill
land; abundant feed; well sheltered and
watered: situated in Colusa County, 16 miles
from railroad ; price $10 per acre. Apply to
MRS. M. S. CHANDON, Marysvllle, Cal.
AMONG the orange ' groves of Placer County:
20 acres In full bearing orchard; early and
late . shipping fruit; fine Improvements; for
sale at a bargain. McAFEE BROS., 108
Montgomery St.. San Francisco, Cal.
220 ACRES FOR $5000.
Improved fruit and stock ranch near Grass
Valley; in mining district. McAFEE BROS.,
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco, Cal.
FOR Chicken Ranches- •
Acreage property in Oakland suburbs on elec-
. trie car line: in subdivisions to suit; price
$100 per acre and upward.
McAFEE BROS., . McAFEE BROS.,
IPS Montgomery st., San Francisco. Cal.
160 ACRES creek land In Coos County. Oregon;
partly Improved; cheap; title perfect. Ad-
dress 515 Sacramento . st. "'
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$400 — A MODEL home; house of 6 rooms, bath
and basement; up to date property; fine, largw
• lot; best buy in Oakland; Gallndo Tract.
East Oakland; : a charming view and grand
elevation; city, water and sewer; Peralta aye.
and Belmont st; price $1400. -
$125— Grand building lots; 35x114; $10 cash;
monthly payments to suit. - -
You can buy any sized lot you may desire and
at one-half real value. Call or send for circu-
lar.- 455 Seventh St., > corner Broadway. Oak-
land; carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner. ,
BELOW cost; modern new 7-room cottage op-
posite school, lnElmhurst; large lot; small
■ amount down; offer wanted. T. B DRAPER.
2063 Eagle aye., Alameda.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
v Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 60, postage
■ free. ' ■ ■■ ." :■■"-' .."■.■-■ - T^-'-,
OAKLAND . DRESSMAKING. [
LADIES' coats, gowns ' and ' suits, ■' - MRS. E.
CHATMAN. 808 27th St.. nr. San Pablo.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap.' H. SCHELL^
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS:
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE. ■----■"-; ~>~
FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED.
-UST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700, $1800. $2200. $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown on , the . market for non-payment
of Installments, - and \ they are now < offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date; almost new, and are, located near schools
and stations. -V. ■■■ , .-•-.•-■•..
We are going to • weed them - out, and Invite
Inspection. MARCUSE 4 REMMEL,
Hay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market at..
Ban Francisco. ■ Open " Sundays and » holiday?. ■
: BERKELEY - REAL ESTATE. ,
FINE ■ home I near ' the ; hills; large : house; lot
120x135; corner; beautiful view; must Ibe sold
at once ; a snap. , JOS. J. : MASON, - Berkeley
Station. : .  > .-. ;.■■■;.... ; : . -k - ■.- \z i ■ .
ORDERED by ' the bank ;to sell; house of 5
. rooms, in thorough good condition; large lot;
'. street work  all > done; . cement :■ walks; . near
Dwight way ! station; ■a ' first-class chance for
a bargain.- J. J. MASON, Real Estate, Berke-
\ ley ■Station. ■ -■■-" •■■ :, ■ ■ .-.". ; " : ■-■ ;■;■,. •.-;• ;■-".-;. •'
:': PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
WILL exchange 3-flat house on Eighteenth st.,
?. near. Howard, ; valued $5500, for more valuable
property iln Western Addition 'or south ■of
Market st. ; will pay to boot. Address box
1762. Call office. !■ ;,. : -:■ -
100 ACRES, land, adjoining town of Delano.
Kern Co., ■; clear, dto exchange , for house and
lot in Alameda 'or Oakland. " O. 8., box 8
Call office, Oakland. . : ;; - .<»*«.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In 8. F., Oak- .
land or , Alameda at lowest - rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. ■ J. f
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY . respectable and private place to ob-
j tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market St.: tel. Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential ; no commis-
sion; lowest interest. Room 68, 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re- >
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6H per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, ■ real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 2.
COLONIAL Inv. Money on any proposi- -
tion; city, country; furn. 405 Montgomery, r. 4. U
ON pianos, furniture, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister St.
FIRST and second mortgages, estates: city and
country. J. W. WRIGHT. 630 Market st. ■■■*
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL. *
FOREIGN and home capital to invest SYl>
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery st.
STORAGE.
FIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Tenth and Market; telephone South 169.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age Warehouse. 840 Mission st.: tel. Mint Ull. »
PHYSICIANS. ~~
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence. M
1206 Market: diseases of women a specialty. -
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. )
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be '
handed in at either of the publication offices '
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published. -„,
BORN. yM<-iC%3
BORRMANN— this city, September 1, '
. IS9B, to the wife of Benhard Borrmann, a
daughter.
BRAND— In this city, September 6, 1898, to )
the wife of Jacob M. Brand, a daughter.
CORCORAN— this city. September 5. 1898, f
to the wife of John H. Corcoran, a son. ;
HAVES— In this city, September 1. 1898. to th» 1
wife of Flnnens Hayes, a son.
HEUNISCH— In Frultvale, September L 1898. '
to the wife of Albert Heunisch, a daughter. '
KOEHNCKE— September 3, 1898, to the wife of \
Christian H. Koehncke, a daughter.
MAZE— this city, August 27, 1898, to th«
wife of C. P. Maze, a daughter.
TREANOR— In this city, August 31, 1898, to
the wife of Captain William Treanor, a son. •
— ■ —^ i^ — .^^— — —^^ --
MARRIED.
BROWNING— WOODIN— In this city, Septem- .
ber 6, 1898, by the Rev. W. S. Urmy, Charles
Browning of Monterey and Laura E. Woodln
of San Francisco.
GUILBAULT— HEMPSTEAD — September 6. '
IS9B, at the home of the bride, by the Rev. f .
C. H. Hobart, Edmund Alexander Gullbault
and Mabel Leona Hempstead, both of Oak- '
land. ;
— ■■■■■■ •
DIED.
Carroll, Hanora ' McKay, Maria
Collins, Kate Neuber, John P.
Campbell, J. W. H. Petersen, Victor C. I
Flaherty, Simon Palmer, Julia L. ■ ;
Goldwater. Sam Riley, Michael J.
Klunder, John Sheehan, Daniel
McKittrick, Owen Wilson. Fanny B.
CARROLL— In this city, September 7, 1898. at
her residence, 3535 Twenty-first street, near ■
Castro, Hanora, beloved wife of the late >
James W. Carroll, a native of Ballinasloo. :
County Gal way, Ireland, .aged 76 years. -,
C 7 Notice of funeral hereafter. : •
COLLINS— In this city, September 6. 1898. I
Kate Collins, beloved daughter of Mrs. . T. ..
O'Holleran and the late Sergeant P. Collins,
and sister of Eliza, Agnes, Nellie.. Sarah,
Patrick, John and Francis Collins, a native
of Toher. parish of Taughmaconnell, County..
Roscommon, Ireland, aged 17 years and 10
months. ' .
lE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day j
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the under-
taking parlors of McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy •
street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, whera
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated .
for the repose of her soul, commencing at •,
10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme- ■
tery.
CAMPBELL— this city, September 6, 189S, '
J. W. H., beloved husband of Emily S. Camp- M
tell, and brother of Mrs. John Everdlng, at
native of Queens County, Nova Scotia, aged.
72 years 4 months and 22 days. (Nova Scotia -.
papers please copy.)
ICyServices this day (Thursday), at I
o'clock, at his late residence, 876 Lombard
street. Interment Napa, Friday. September 9.-
FLAHERTY— this city. September 5, 189».
Simon, dearly beloved husband of Mary Fla-
herty, beloved father of Bernhard and May
Flaherty, and brother of Bernhard Flaherty,
a native of Ireland, aged 48 years 1 month
and 16 days.
lE?"Friend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1311 : Rhode Island street, between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth, thence to
St. Peter's Church, corner Twenty-fourth and .
Alabama streets, for services, commencing at '
11 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ■'
GOLDWATER— In Prescott, Ariz., September '
5, IS9B, Sam, beloved son of Michael and
Sarah Goldwater, and brother of Mrs. P. N.
Aronson and Miss Lizzie Goldwater of San
Francisco, Mrs. Ralph Prager of Portland, g |
and Morris, Henry and Barry Goldwater of
Arizona, a native of California, aged 42 years ■
and 2 months.
lE7Fr!ends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow Fri-
day), at 10:15 o'clock, at the residence of Mr. -
• P. N. Aronson, 1348 Geary street. Interment
' Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock' 1^
train from Third and Townsend streets.
KLUNDER— In this city. September 5. • 1898. "'
John, beloved husband of the late Catherine
Klunder," and father of Mrs. James Snow
and Emma and John F. Klunder. a native
of Germany, aged 62 years 2 months and 12'r"
days. A member of Gesellschaft Teutonic ' -
and Pacific Stamm No. 78, U. O. R. M.
K7"Friends and acquaintances are respect- . '
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 222 Fair Oaks street, between Twenty-
third and Twenty-fourth. Interment I. O. - O.".
F. Cemetery. •.
McKITTRICK— In this city, September 7, 1898,
Owen, beloved son of Catherine McKlttrick. t
and nephew of John and Peter Forsyth and
Mrs. William Burns. , a native of England, ,
aged 27 years and 8 months. 
tC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, ' 1222 Bryant street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's, Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for. the repose of his
boul, commencing at 9 o'clock.- Interment
. Holy Cross Cemetery.
McKAY— In the City and County Hospital,
September 7. 1898, - Maria McKay, ' a native
of Ireland, aged 60 years.
NEUBER— In this city, September 6, 1898, John
S Peter, beloved husband of Ellen Neuber, and
father of Mrs. H. Schacht, Mrs. S. H. Austin,
Mrs. J. J. Crowley and Eva and" Jessie Neu-
ber, a native of New York, aged 48 years. .
Friends and acquaintance's are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
' th!a (Thursday) evening, at 8 o'clock, at his
: late * residence. 405 Sixth street, . under the.
auspices of = Court. Star of the West No.
6956, A. O. F. : Members of Magnolia Lodge,
■ A. O. U. W., Redwood Camp, Woodmen of
the World, and Court Star of. the West are
cordially invited to be . present. ."• Interment
Red Bluff, Cal., by 7 a. m. train Friday.
PETERSEN— Berkeley, ' September :7, 1898,
Victor C, beloved son of H. A. and Petra
j P. Petersen, a native of San Francisco, aged
22 years 1 month and 14 days.
PALMER— ■ Cloverdale, September 5, 1898, -
Julia L., beloved wife of Jacob Palmer, a |
native. of New York, aged 59 years 6 months
and 26 days. (Norwalk, Conn., and Newark,
N. J., papers please copy.)
(ETFuneral . this day (Thursday), from her
late residence, 912 Center street, Oakland,
at 10 o'clock: -Interment private.
RILEY— In this city. September 5, . 1898, Mich-
ael J., .beloved husband of the late Ellen
Riley, ■ and beloved father of John W. and
Josephine Rlley, Mrs. C. A. Rabjohn, . Mrs.
W. Buick, Mrs. E. ;H. Thomas. ; Mrs. A. ; C. -.
Koelzer and Mrs. M. Shea, a native of County 81
Cork. Ireland, aged 60 years. (Boston and
Lowell, Mass., papers please copy.) , ■
EX Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), ;at 9 o'clock, from, his late resi-
dence. -707 Florida street, between Nineteenth
and Twentieth, thence to St. Charles • Borro-
meo'e Church, Eighteenth and Shotwell
streets, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SHEEHAN— In this city, September 7, 1898.
Daniel, dearly beloved husband of Julia
Sheehan, and r. father ;of Katie and Timothy ' ;
Pheehan, a native of Kanturk, County Cork, •
Ireland, aged 57 years.: .\ I.-,I '.-, - »- 1
WILSON— In this city, Fanny E., beloved wife ■'■
of Thomas R. Wilson,- and mother of Nellie-
- Wilson, a native of Indiana, aged 52 years. •;'
CARD OF ; THANKS.
The parents' end family of the late Lizzie' J. ■
. Taylor desire to return ' their sincere thanks
to the many kind . friends and neighbors for ,
i the 5 kind . sympathy ; shown \to .. them in the -, L^
hour, of their bereavement. : - .
JOHN J. and ELIZABETH V. ', TAYLOR. - ]rjg
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. I !
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMBSRM
f £0 FIFTH ST., Lincoln School. ' , I : ;
; :-... '. .-. . .-" - Telephone, -■ South_Bo^__i____2lJ_- . '. '''
1112
READY FOR
THE DESCENT
ON SAN JOSE
The Native Sons Will
March To-Night.
BIG PARADE TO fHE DEPOT
ALL THE LOCAL PARLORS TO
PARTICIPATE.
What the Garden City Has Done to
Welcome Her Visitors — Three
Days of Unalloyed
Pleasure.
Native Sons— and Daughters— will own
the town for <a time this evening, prior to
their descent upon San Jose for their an
nual celebration of Admission Day. The
twenty-two parlors in this city will give
the people a slight Intimation of what the
grand procession in the Garden City to
morrow will be by marching from their
hall on Mason street to the Third and
Townsend street depot, where they will
board a special train for the scene of
their festivities.
As the ladies will not participate in to
night's demonstration, and the hand
some banners of the various parlors hav
ing already been sent down to San Jose,
to-night's parade will lack many of the
features that will add to the beauty of
the spectacle to-morrow, but there will
be plenty of red lire, Roman candles,
skyrockets and enthusiasm to offset
■what it lacks in numbers and other fea
tures. There having been several changes
In the order from that previously pub
lished in The Call, the make-up of to
night's procession is herewith reprinted.
The advance will form on Mason street,
north of Post, with the various divisions
taking station on the adjacent blocks.
The line of march will be down Mason
street, to Market, to Third, to the depot.
Grand Marshal Daniel A. Ryan, assisted
by Chief of Staff L. F. Sericano, Chief
AM Ed L. Head and a large cavalcade
of al<is, will form the advance, follow
ing which will be the divisions, as fol
lows :
First division — Marshal, G. C. Groezinger;
aids. J. .T. Nelson and J. M. llanley; grand
office™, N. S. G. \V. ; Ulncon Parlor's band;
Rlncnn Parlor No. 72; California Parlor No. 1;
Pac4fi< Parlor No. 10; Marshall Parlor No.
202; San Francisco Parlor drum coma; San
Francisco Parlor No. 49; red-tire wagon.
Second division— Marshal. William D. Shea;
olds, F. H. Kerrigan and Hugh Mclsaao;
Stanford Parlor** band; Stanford Parlor No.
76; Mission Parlor No. 3S; El Dorado Parlor
No. 52; Yerba. Buena Parlor No. 84; Bay City
Parlor No. 164; Nlantlc Parlor" No. 10."..
Third division — Marshal, Louis Nonnenmann;
aids, Louis P. Powetson and Ed Oelrlch;
Golden Gate Parlor's band; Golden Gate Par
lor No. 23; National Parlor No. IIS; Preclta
Parlor's drum corps; Preclla Parlor No. 187;
Jlt;sp*rian Parlor No. 137; Alcatraz Parlor No.
14'; ri'd-nre wajron.
Fourth Division— Marshal, William C. Miller;
aids, George .1. Donnelly and E. J. Murphy;
Sequoia Parlor's band; Sequoia Parlor No.
160; Alcalde Parlor No. 154; South San Fran
cisco Parlor No. 157; Olympus Parlor No. IS3;
Presidio Parlor No. im.
Although there will; bo several sections
to to-night's special, many of the Native
Nina and Daughters will take the earlier
regular trains, some of them even going
down in the morning. All the regular
trains will stop at Twenty-fifth and Va
lencia streets, and for the accommodation
of the natives one section of the special
Rill stop there, thus saving a long jour
ney downtown by those from the Mission.
Although the first section of the special
Is announced to start at 9 p. m.. it will
leave as soon as it is filled without re
tard to time, the other sections following
as fast as they are loaded.
Niantic Parlor No. 105 will have a float
.n the big parade decidedly novel in char
in'tcr. Captain Frank Eggert of the First
California Volunteers has sent to Niantic
Parlor, of which he is a member, a lot
?f curios from the Philippines, and these
n-ill be exhibited on the float. The car
will be drawn by a bear sent from Alaska
by another member of the parlor, K. J.
Willis.
Alcatru No. 14." will have the honor
3f conferring the degree of Curly Bear
jpon novitiates and will take down all the
paraphernalia of the order. The ceremony
Rill take place at midnight to-night.
Orinda Parlor No. r>G. Native Daughters,
•rill attend to the celebration to-day in a
Dody and march with El Dorado Parlor,
Native Sons. The girls— typical California
beauties every one of them— wear
white Swiss dresses, white ties. Dewey
aals. and carry white parasols. Who can
picture anything more charming than a
»evy of Native Daughters in such attire?
BEADY FOB THE GTJEaTS.
Ban Jose Bedecked With Banting in
Honor of the Natives.
SAN JOSK, Sept. 7.— A royal welcome
will be given the Native Sons and Daught
ers to-morrow evening, when the parlors
«/i!l arrive in force. The preparations
which have been under way for several
nonths are complete and all Is in readi
3pss for the guests. The streets are
itrung with bunting and flags and the
susiness houses handsomely decorated.
It is several years since San Jose enter
tained California's sons and daughters,
tnd this time sho will eclipse all previous
efforts. All those who have made It a
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H§iWJ SORE
Raw Sore From Finger to Palm.
Physicians and Medicines No
Avail. Cured by Cuticura.
"When my little boy was two years of age,
dry spots commenced to appear on different
parts of his body. Last winter it seemed to go
to bis hands, and I was obliged to keep his
first three fingers done up ail the time, as it
was a raw sore, beginning to extend down to-
ward the palm of the hand. We consulted three
different physicians, each a certain length of
time, to see a benefit of their medicines. I
think now, after using Cuticura, that some
of the salves that I used did more injury than
good. A gentleman (who sat next to me In
church) asked me the matter with my boy's
band. I took off one of the cloths and showed
him, he told me be had been in a hospital in
Boston, where for all skin diseases they used
Cuticura Remedies. I immediately pur-
chased Cltiouha Soap, . Cuticura (oint-
ment) and Cuticura Resolvent, put aside
what I had been using, and began with them.
Well 1 they cured that hand. I was afraid that
this winter it would break out again, but no,
it is all. cured, and I have not had to have a
clJth on it this winter. Mrs. DIAMOND,
Jan. 29, 98. 161 Branson Aye., Rochester, N. T.
Remedies dally perform more great cures of
torturing, disfiguring, humiliating skin, scalp, and
blood humors than all other blood and skin reme-
dies combined. In , »11 the world there is no
other treatment so pare, so sweet, so speedily
effective for distressing skin humor* of Infants
•nd children as CcTictr«i, greatest of skin cures,
blood purifiers, and humor, remedies. .
BnIDT CCKE Trbatmfxt ron Et«BT Hr«oiwrr«
Loss of Hair. - Warm with Cdtici«a pen-
tie anointing* with Cuticlka [ointment}, purest of emol-
lient •klncnre*. and mild do«» of Coticcra JUsoltbkt,
greatest of blood purifier* »nd hnroor cure*. ,
• Bold throughout the world. Poms Dnoo *»» Chbm.
*&s£?£%£*% Baby H,m»r," »««* fm.
practice to attend I Admission day celebra
tions say ... this one will be . the grandest
ever held. The. attendance of Sons and
Daughters and visitors promises to-be
much larger than usual.- Between 5000
and 6000 members of the order will be
present. With them will come at least
15.000 visitors. This is a large crowd, but
the local parlors of Native Sons and
Daughters will see that they all enjoy
themselves. ■"■ - ■■■ >':-.Vi •'.*•_:':-■•.'
The. celebration will be inaugurated to
morrow night by receiving the ' various
parlors at the depot and escorting them
with a torchlight procession to their
headquarters. • - . :.
Friday morning the fun begins in earn
est. r The first thing on the programme
is ) the grand parade of the various par
lors. Fully 5000 will be In-line and the dif
ferent parlors will present many pleasing
features. A reception at the Courthouse
follows. In the evening there will be a
grand ball at the Carnival. Pavilion.
Saturday morning opens with, a bulls
head; breakfast and on Sunday there. will
be . a clambake. ,On the afternoons . and
evenings of these days there will be all
kinds of sports. ■ -■■ - ■ '■'
The local .parlors of -Native Sons and
Daughters will keep open house. Visit
ors will be served with refreshments and
California hospitality will prevail.
The following are the headquarters of
Native 'Sons parlors: , . \-
San Jose Parlor. Palo Alto Parlor. Observa
tory Parlor. Courthouse, First street.
Stanford Parlor, Oakland Parlor. Alameda
Parlor, Athena Parlor. .- Hotel .Vendome, First
street. ' ■ ~- ■" '
HI neon Parlor, Young Men's Institute | Hall,
Market street. • ; - ■ -
San Francisco Parlor. Library Hall, East
Santa Clara street. . • .
Pacific Parlor, Germania Hall, South. Second
street.
Stockton Parlor, Odd Fellows' Hall, Eaat
Santa Clara street.
Gohlon Date I'arlor. Ancient Order of United
Workmen's Hall. South First street.
Aleatraz Parlor, Hale's Hall. South Second
street.
Piedmont Parlor, Phelnn Hall. First street.
Precita Parlor, Rutherford Hall, South Sec-
ond street.
Sequoia Parlor. Belloll's Hall. Third street.
California Parlor. Druids' Hall. First street.
Niantio Parlor, Auzerals House, West Santa
Clara street.
I Olj-mpus Parlor. I. B. S. Hall, North Market
1 street.
Hesperian Parlor, Lick House, South First
street.
bit Dorado Parlor, Auzerais House, West
] Santa Clara street.
Halcyon Parlor, northwest corner First and
] Julian streets.
The Native Daughters will maintain
headquarters at the following places:
Oro Flno Parlor, Gertnanla Hall, South Sec
ond street.
Piedmont Parlor, Phelan Hall, South First
street.
! Fremont Parlor, Belloli's Hall, South Third
street.
Joaquln Parlor, Odd Fellows' Hall, East
Santa Clara street.
Huena Vista Parlor. Druids' Hall, South First
street. *
I^as Lomas Parlor, Lick Hduse, South First
street.
Orlnda Parlor, Auzerals House, West Santa
Clara street.
Sans Soucl Parlor, I. B. B. Hall, North Mar
ket street.
The general committee in charge of the
celebration met last evening and received
reports from its subcommittees. These
reports showed everything to be in read
iness, and that no minor details were
lacking to make the celebration a grand
success. It was stated that the street and
other decorations would be completed to
morrow noon. The clambake and barbe
cue will be enlarged to accommodate the
extra number of guests. Over $0(X)0 ha.s
been expended In welcoming the visitors.
The general committee, which has had
entire charge of the celebration, has done
its work well. Its officers are: Chairman,
W. J. Kirkpatrick; vice-chairman, J. S.
Williams; secretary, E. H. L,eltrh; assist
ant secretary. A, H. Suzzalo; treasurer,
W. F. Lenzen.
During to-morrow afternoon guesta
from the southern and far northern parts
of the State will arrive. Stockton par
lors will be the first organized delegation
on the scene. They come at 6:45, and will
be met at the depot by the San Jose par
lors and a band, and escorted to their
headquarters.
At 10:30 the delegations from San Fran
cisco, Alameda, Marin, Sonoma, Solano
and San Mateo counties will arrive by
special trains. The loral parlors and all
tne Native Sons and Daughters in this
city, with bunds, will meet the oxcur- !
slonists at the depot and escort them to !
their headquarters.
San Jose. Observatory and Palo Alto
parlors of Native Sons, and Vendome and
San Jose parlors of Native Daughters
will hold a grand reception at the court
house Thursday noon. Besides this all
visiting parlors will open headquarters
and entertain lavishly. A good many vis
itors arrived this evening and are notice
able upon the streets.
The festivities arranged extend over
three days and comprise every form of
amusement.
THE IRISH FAIR.
Popular Interest Is Shown ly a
Large Throng at the Pavilion.
The attractions of the Irish Fair are
not diminishing, though the exposition is
drawing to a close. Popular Interest was
manifested by a large throng of attend
ants at the Pavilion last night. The
"spielers" were in good form and herald
ed the special features of the occasion In
a style that caught the fancy of visitors,
and brought many dimes to the box office
of each particular side show. Blarney
Castle's prestige as a popular resort was
attested l>y a line of visitors at its gates
from early In the evening until the closing
hour of the fair. The Art Gallery Theater
gave a good bill last night, but the patrons
of the performance were obliged to wait a
long time for the curtain to ascend. The
waiting hour was employed by many in
viewing the pictures, admiring this sec
tion of the Pavilion.
On thp other side of the Pavilion, the
agrnt of the Rooky Road to Dublin kept
the spectators alive to the merits and at
tractions of the route. The fishing In the
Lake of Klllarney may be good at this
season of the year, but the anglers last
night did not boast of an extra catch.
Verdict for the Railroad.
A Jury in Judge Hunt's court yesterday
rendered a verdict in favor of the Market
Street Railway Company in a suit for
$10,000 damages brought by James A.
Grant. An electric car collided with a
truck on which Grant was riding at the
corner of Broadway and Davis street
several months ago. Grant was thrown
from the seat and badly bruised- The evi
dence showed t.iat the collision was not
due to any negligence on the part of, the
motorman.
Broke Her Hip Bone. <
Mary McGulre, an elderl'- woman, re
siding at 606 Natoma street, fell from a
box In her son's store at 102 Eignth street
yesterday afternoon and broke her hip
bone. She was removed to the Receiving
Hospital and was attended by Dr. Well.
THE SAX FKA^CISCO CALL, THUBSBAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1898.
EXILED WOMEN
ARE TO HAVE
AN ASYLUM
In the Old Supreme
Court Building.
IS A PHILANTHROPIC SCHEME
IT IS BEING ENGINEERED BY
TWO FRENCHMEN.
A Benefit to the Outcast Women
and an Increase of Rent
for the Property-
Owners.
There Is a movement on foot to gather
together a certain number of the women
who have recently been compelled to va
cate the dens in Morton, Quincy and St.
Mary streets and Berry place and col
onize them In the upper stories of build
mgs_on Merchant street, between Kearny
and' Montgomery, where they will be un
der the protecting shadow of the new
Hall of Justice, which has at last reached
a height that enables it to cast a shadow.
Whether this is a philanthropic move
ment to better the condition, financial and
sanitary, of these unfortunate creatures
or to fatten the purse of the owners of
property that has long since ceased to re
turn a fair income on the investment is a
question that only time can answer.
Recently two Frenchmen called upon
Two Handsome Banners to Grace tfye Saij
Jose Parade.
Landry C. Babln, a real estate agent, and
made a proposition to lease the structure
known as the old Supreme Court build-
Ing, on Merchant street, for the purpose
of converting it into a camp for the re
concentrados from the forbidden terri
tory. This building has for a long time
been almost entirely vacant, the only oc
cupants of the two upper stories at the
present time being Coroner Hawkins and
a shirt manufacturer. There was a time,
however, when offices In that building
commanded a premium, and the income
from the property was equivalent to that
from a good gold mine. The property is
owned by three parties — R. C. de Boom,
Marie de Sleyes and the heirs of Ange
lique de Apolonlere — all of whom no doubt
would be pleased to have it produce a
rental sufficient to pay the taxes and a
fair interest on the valuation. The
Frenchmen have not yet succeeeded in
coming to terms with the owners, but
they stand ready, so it Is claimed, to take
a chance in the venture. They hope to
secure a low rental and by sub-letting It
to the women whom they propose to cor
ral in the building expect to make a hand
some profit. The argument advanced in
favor of this enterprise is that these
women will be thus tumn off the streets.
This building contains thirty-three rooms,
and Mr. Babln, the agent, and Mr. de
Boom, one of the owners, are waiting to
hear from the two philanthropists, who
are probably delaying the consummation
of the transaction until they can ascer
tain whether they can also secure the ad
joining three-story buiWlng on the east,
owned by M. J. Newark.
In case the Newark building can be
leased, It is quite likely that the scheme
will be carried out.
Whether Coroner Hawkins and the lone
shirt manufacturer can be induced to
move from the old Supreme Court build
ing is doubtful, but as they are only ten
ants from month to month they can easily
be ejected after the usual notice is given.
Coroner Hawkins' office is rented by the
Board of Supervisors.
It was rumored that a doctor was inter
ested In the movement, owing to his hav
ing a contract for medical attendance up
on these women, and that he was acting
as a go-between In the matter. When
informed of this rumor last evening the
doctor became Indignant and emphatically
said that anything he had done toward
bringing about this concentration of the
exiled women had been simply in the In
terest of a society for the conservation of
health, of which he and Dr. P. J. Tormey
are the regularly employed physicians.
This society of which Dr. Fitch speaks
was organized two years ago, one of its
principal objects being the establishment
of the system pursued In France. Paul
Ny, a Frenchman by descent, and an em
ploye of the Smith Label Company, is the
president of this society, and is an en
thusiast In regard to its laudable mission.
An attempt on the part of the society
was made to induce the Board of Super
visors to pass a license ordinance, but it
was unsuccessful, as It was found that
such an ordinance would be in conflict
with the State law.
It is understood that Mr. Ny, as presi
dent of the society, is In full sympathy
with the colonization scheme proposed by
the two Frenchmen, on the ground that
the women being thus concentrated will
be more easily subjected to police and
medical control.
THE MINERS' CONVENTION.
It Will Be Held This Year Two
Weeks After Election Day.
The annual State convention of the Cal
ifornia Miners 1 Association will this year
be held on November 21. In San Fran
cisco. This was decided upon at a meet
ing of the executive committee of the as
sociation held at the Union League Club's
rooms last evening. No other buslness
of importance was transacted at the brief
session. Professor S. B. Christy of the
State University, who was one of the Cal
ifornia delegates to the International
Mining Congress at Salt Lake City gave
a talk on the congress, and Chairman
Neff directed that all special commit
tees prepare full reports tor the conven
tion.
FINDS RESTAURANTS
IN BAD CONDITION
INSPECTOR DOCKERY MAKES A
ROUND OF CHEAP ONES.
Gives the Customary Ten Days' No
tice That Kitchens Must Be
Placed in Good Order.
"Many of the restaurants of San Fran
cisco are filthy beyond belief." Such was
the appetite dispelling statement made by
Chief Food Inspector Dockery last even
ing.
"Deputy Lahaney and myself made a
trip of investigation to-day," continued
the Inspector, "and saw much that was
unpleasant. We invaded one restaurant
kitchen after another. While the major
ity were in fairly good condition, there
were many that contained the accumu
lated filth of years.
"For two months past we have investi
gated restaurants. It is our policy not to
announce In advance when and where we
propose to investigate, as such announce
ment defeats our efforts to better the
prevailing conditions."
"My trip among the restaurants to-day
was not fruitless, however, as many pro
prietors had not learned of the proposed
visit. Lahaney and I took the district
south of Market street and east of
Fourth. We entered sixteen restaurants.
The first filthy place that we found was
29 Third street, Frank Wonne Is the pro-
prietor. This establishment is a saloon
with a lunch counter as an attraction. The
kitchen In the rear and two shed rooms
behind were in bad condition. I ordered
the proprietor to clean and thoroughly
purify his establishment within the next
ten days. If he fails I shall close the
place.
"The Transfer Restaurant, 153 Third
street, was the second that needed atten
tion. The proprietors are Schaefels &
Corrodi. The kitchen was filthy, so was
the store-room. I gave orders here to
clean up within ten days.
"The fruit and vegetable store of Bar
bierl & Co., 155 Third street, was in an
■unsavory condition, especially the back
portion. They received the ten days' no
tice to Improve conditions. The restau
rant at 36 and 38 Second street, conducted
by Kroneck & Zehule, was in bad condi
tion. The Sunset Cafe, 108 and 110 Third
street, received ten days' respite, also
the Electric Kitchen, conducted by Car
dini & Solari, at 108 Third street.
"The proprietors of Berlin Restaurant,
249 Fourth street, received orders to
whitewash the kitchen and clean the place
generally. While J was around with my
deputy I had five other men in other sec
tions of the city. They visited eighty-five
restaurants and tamale places and found
four that needed prompt attention. On©
of these, a tamale kitchen, kept by Mrs.
M. J. Tate, received the ten days of grace
for cleansing purposes. It is' located at
150 Eddy street. The New Orleans Res
taurant, 1203 Polk street, kept by Baddich
& Dumaraz, was in bad order, as was also
that at 206 McAllister street, conducted by
J. P. and J. T. Ennls. In the restaurant
run by Matovich & Kukavinza there was
a similar condition. "We will endeavor to
put the eating places of San Francisco in
better shape before we finish."
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY Is
rocommrnded by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It Is pure.
A WIFE-BEATER SENTENCED.
James Bonlin, a Stevedore, Gets
Seven Months ip the County ■
Jail.
James Donlin, a stevedore, was yester
day sentenced to seven months In the
County Jail by Judge Mogan on charges
of beating his wife and disturbing the
peace.
On August 28 Donlin went to his home
at 45 Clementina street in an ugly mood
and beat his wife so brutally that she
was confined to her bed for five days. He
was arrested for battery and was released
on bail. He went straight home and
abused his sick wife, which led to his
arrest for disturbing the peace. He got
six months on the battery charge and
one month for disturbing the peace.
Ban Over a Small Boy.
Herbert Seemen, aged 4, living at 45
Crook street, was run over by a truck on
Fourth street yesterday afternoon, and
sustained a fracture of one of his ankles.
The driver did not wait to ascertain how
badly the child was Injured, but drove
on. The police have been unable to iden
tify him.
ANOTHER ACT
OF BROWNE
AND BRUNE
Removed Deeds From
Their Bank.
°LACED THERE IN ESCROW
D. P. TARPEY HAS ANOTHER
CHARGE TC MAKE.
This Allegation Will Be Brought Out
in Litigation, Criminal and
Civil, Soon to Be Insti
tuted.
The deeds to valuable real estate in Mex
ico, the property of Edward Byrne, left
in escrow in the Moscow National Bank,
pending the arrival of a transcript of
title, were illegally removed from the
vaults of the institution prior to the ar
rival of the document by present Secret
Service Agent Robert S. Browne, late
president and director of the defunct
Moscow banking institution, or his
brother, Clarence M. "Brune." That the
deeds were left in escrow in the bank
pending the arrival of the transcript is
substantiated by documents in the pos
session of D. P. Tarpey. who has pre
ferred charges against the brothers, and
the fact that the deeds have been remov
ed, coupled with the fact that the trans
cript has not yet arrived, clearly estab
lishes the contention that the accused ex
officials of the bank are guilty of the il
legal act with which they are charged.
The first link in the chain of evidence
which has been welded tending to estab
lish the guilt of the accused brothers is
a letter written by Brune to H. S. Krig
baum, who acted as the agent of Edward
Byrne, dated January 27, 1897. The let
ter was mailed in Moscow, Idaho, and re
fers to the proposed deal between Byrne
and Brune, which was later almost com
pleted.
It stated that Brune had arranged with
the bank, of which he was the cashier, to
take care of the deal, to look over the
abstract of titile upon its arrival and to
care for other contingencies which might
arise. It was necessary, even though the
transaction did not savor of a swindle,
that the deed to the property transferred
by Byrne to Brune should be legalized in
Mexico after the consummation of tne'
deal. The fact that the transaction did
Bavor of a swindle, and in fact bears all
the earmarks of dishonesty, made it im
perative that the deeds be legalized as
soon as possible, that in event the fraud
was discovered and Byrne took steps to
recover the property he would meet with
greater difficulty than if the documents
still remained in the vaults of the Bank
of Moscow. In consequence on February
4, ihree days after the failure of the bank,
Judge Sepulveda, United States Consul at
the City of Mexico, received a telegram
from Brune instructing him to imme
diately record the deeds from Byrne to
Brune and to answer by telegraph.
The deeds in question had not yet ar
rived in Mexico, and indeed it was
thought by Byrne that they still remain
ed within tho vaults of the bank. The
following day, however. Judge Sepulve
da received, in a registered package, the
deed, a check for $16 on a New York
bank to cover expenses of recording, and
a letter instructing the Consul to have
the deed legalized and recorded immedi
ately. The letter inclosed in the registered
package bears the date of January
22, 1597, but the stamp of the United
States Postofflce on the package shows
it to have been postmarked on January
28, showing that the letter must have
been dated back to suit the exigencies
of the occasion. Sepulveda then had the
deed legalized, and on February 6 sent
it by registered mall to George H. Ked
zie. United States Consul at Durango,
with Instructions to register it. On the
same day Consul Sepulveda telegraphed
Brune, "Have sent deed forward to Ked
zie for registration to-day."
These are the facts showing that the
deed was removed from the bank with
out the knowledge of Byrne, and also
that they must have been removed from
the bank either on the day Brune mailed
his communication to Krigbaum, on Jan
uary 27, relating to the proposed deal be
tween Byrne and Brune, or on the fol
lowing day. The registered package was
received by Consul Sepulveda on Febru
;.~v 5, and it takes fully seven or eight
da->a for mail posted at Moscow to ar
rive at the City of Mexico. In event di
rect connection is not made it might take
from nine to ten days for the trip. Con
sidering these facts but one conclusion
can be reached; that the deeds were
taken from the bank and mailed to Mex
ico, and the letter of January 27 was
written for the purpose of allaying any
suspicion that might arise in the mind
of the victim. There was but little fear
that Byrne or his agent would discover
the fraud that was being perpertated
upon them, but as fear and suspicion are
always uppermost in the guilty mind,
Brune probably decided to take no
chances, walked to the vaults of the
bank, removed the deeds, mailed them
and awaited the collapse of the bank,
which he knew was inevitable.
"The wreck of the bank reached our
rars but a few days after the deeds had
been mailed to Mexico," said Mr. Tarpey
yesterday. "Of course, I was astonished
at the sudden failure, but lost but little
time in starting to make investigations.
1 thoroughly verified my suspicions that
fraud was responsible' for the failure of
the institution and a few days ago mailed
my charges to the Secretary of the Treas
ury, in whose department the ex-bank
officials are at present employed. I then
took tho case before the local Government
officials. 1 was in some fear at first that
this matter would not get the investiga
tion it deserves. I first presented the
papers to Postofflce Inspector Munroe, and
osked him if it did not look like a clear
cuse of using the United States mails to
further a scheme to defraud. He looked
the papers over carefully and said that if
all the allegations were true it was a
good case, but it would be necessary to
have it tried in Idaho, as the incriminating
letters were mailed at that place.
"1 told Mr. Munroe that I thought he
was mistaken; that every letter written
In connection with the buying or selling
of the bends was connected with tho
swindle, while the letters themselves
might contain nothing incriminating. He
said tbat he would think the matter over
and see what could be done, as he does
not want any violator of the postal laws
to escape. Of course it was not in hi-?
province to express a direct opinion, hut
he advised me to file the papers in the
Idaho district in case nothing could ba
done with them. ,
"Mr. Munroe Bhowed the papers to In
spector Erwin and District Attorney
Foote, who held a different opinion. They
thought that, as according to the papers,
a swindle had been perpetrated, any let
ter bearing on the case in any way was
incriminating, and as such letters were
mailed in this State the case is within
their Jurisdiction and will be fully invest
gated."
All the papers have been formally turn
ed over to Attorney Foote, who, in turn,
has placed the case in the hands of his
assistant, Bert Schleslnger. Mr. Schles
inger has been so busy with the Clarkson
case for the past few days that he has
not had time to go through the papers
thoroughly, notwithstanding their impor
tance. ______________
Ladles' tailor-made suits; latest designs; we
give credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutter, r. 6 & 7.
Sued by His Wife for Support.
Henry W. Petersen, employed as a ser
geant of police by the State Board of
Harbor Commissioners, has been sued for
maintenance by his wife, Eliza Petersen.
Mrs. Petersen alleges in a complaint filed
in the Superior Court yesterday that her
husband drove her from home and that
he refuses to contribute to . her support.
She asks the court to make an order di
recting him to pay her $50 a month out of
his $125 a month salary-
Big # crowd* ; dally tasting k our •'- delicious -60
wines. Mohns & Kaltenbach, 29 ' Market at. : :
*
• _-,--.-: ADVERTISEMENTS. '. ''
)' special notice.
) v We close all day Friday— on Saturday 2t05 we give a program internationale
; at our concert, and close our stores as usual 6 p.' m.; on ' Monday our fall opening of
' • millinery.
V- to-day we> show :
); new fancy crepons. - :
) ' On */ v. f i the , fabrics Particularly adapted for plain tailor-made costumes, a heavy
' i vi ° ,' two-toned crepe effect, 41 inches wide, in two colors, such as mousse ;
"> black ' royale and black, emerald and black, mordore and <C| AA yd *
) .' . Princess gowns will' be' much' "this' fall. ""■""* "1 .. -. ;^
; new fancy solid cord.
) ' Th Vac,?V a e ,? *7 ect 7T a fancy Eultln « Inches wide, In extra heavy <1?| f\(\ v j
.... grade, in all the new fancy colorings . v.:. «DI»VrVf yil.
h> -:.; Sleeves are to be small, and on tallor-made'gowiis almost skin tight. '
) new fall fancy cords. •
Here we show six combinations of a 42-Inch fabric— a rich suiting with overshot figures
> ' f^ vi i? between the cords— small in pattern and extremely novel— cadet j
Iny ol^ B^ r wrl b !f^.^?.^;^v..!/^ p!?".?f"-.^.p !?".?f"-.^. 75c yd.
y.~.', Overskirts of crepe de chine and other • clinging' material will be much worn.
) new fancy plaids.
>■' SC °fln^T la^ designs in a hea\-y fabric, 42 Inches wide— and something novel because
) ?»°l?w t8 f mohair are worked over the plaids -extremely <7 FZ r vH ■
iashlonable for separate skirts . .. (91 yCIa
) . Vests of surah an.l taffeta are a stylish addition to tailor gowns.
) new fancy jacquards.
The 6 h d effPCt Sf ? much spoken of In the fashion journals, 38 inches wide, overshot
) - rr,H*£ lnc L CO y? re , d silk— stripe and a dash effect In swell new colors of black
:' cadef^ 6 and marine, black and turquoise, black and T^C yd "
Broad and expansive'mi'litary "capes' i'a'r'e Tniu'ch i' in "favor."""" .
) new fancy mohair plaids.
) Swe iL d i s P*! ciall >' adapted for fancy waists. In olive, brown, navy, turquoise '
j " en?^^ti^. plaids of a strangely contrasting na- $1.25 yd. :
ture, 42 Inches wide ipltZO yQ»
new fancy vivienne checks. -. ',
' - Yer Ll? UCl admlre<l for , full costumes for light figures, in blue, Crt flfl «mI ■
green, heliotrope and latest shadlngs, 38 inches wide tJ>I»UV/ yG.
new fancy reps. ■
) That rich corded effect now so much worn, in olives, m blues, 9UOO -..A
greens and heliotropes, 38 Inches wide (J)I«UU yd.
' new dress trimmings.
) We've said before what an Important part • trimmings are to play in costumes of this
fall, they are extremely rich; we opened to-day applique trimmings — imported
) French goods-used for waist trimmings, collars, revere, epaulettes and cuffs.
we show:
1 Black cut bead and spangled gimp, &to 1 inch wide 12 l-2c fZfic A '
i Colored spangled edging, %-inch wide, in all the" " ' latest 'color- O /-» yd.
Colored spangled edging, H-lnch wide, in all the latest color- OKs> J
> . lngs • zot yu»
Black mousseline de sole bands and passementerie, ' beaded and d>A as ■*
) spangled, Ito 3 inches wide, 85c to tj)"«"O yd.
Black spangled and Jetted mousseline de sole passementerie in CTT AA ' j
( sets to match for waist and skirt, *3.75 to t{> C «UU yd. t
I . S;e our advertisement* In Sunday's papers.
Our new fall catalogue has been mailed.
! 937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street.
JURIST AND
STATESMAN
IN ARGUMENT
Shall We Hold the
Philippines?
SPREAD EAGLE VERSUS FACTS
I
PEEKINS AND BABNES TAKE
OPPOSITE SIDES.
Heated Argument Made by the Noted
Speakers at the Convention
of the Women's Press
Association.
The eighth annual convention of the
Women's Press Association, after a
rather flat, stale and unprofitable session,
closed In a blaze of glory last evening,
with ringing cheers and a magnificent dis
play of verbal pyrotechnics.
Like diplomats, the members of the as
sociation kept their best for the last, and
Senator Perkins and General W. H. L.
Barnes found the audience larger and in
an appreciative mood ready to side with
the more convincing speaker in the ar
gument, "Shall We Hold the Philippines."
Barnes spoke first, inflaming the audi
ence with his running story of patriotism,
his brilliant review of America's recent
and glorious victories and a magnificent
tribute to our sailor and soldier heroes.
Rapidly and succinctly he reviewed the
history of the country, gradually nearing
the present time and tracing en route the
story of the great acquisitions.
He dwelt upon the opposition with
which territorial acquisition had always
met and opposed the tradition that would
make of us a hermit nation.
"Why should we not take what we
have won?" argued the General. "Can the
Philippines hurt us? and on the other
hand may not the United States be an in
finite boon to them?" "We went
to those people," continued the orator,
"and we promised to be their friends. Is
It possible to turn those people back again
to their oppressors?
"We want the Philippines because they
offer to us a magnificent territory; be
cause there is no longer such a thing as
a sailing man-of-war; because coal is
king. But we don't only want a coal hod
for the United States navy; we want the
land to civilize the people, to Christianize
the people. We want those islands as an
outpost for the great American people,
and where the flag has once gone up it
must never come down."
When Senator Perkins took the floor in
the face of the applause that was still
ringing for his opponent, without any pre
amble he at once began to demolish the
pretty castle of sentimental phrases that
the general had reared.
Where Barnes gave sentiment Perkins
gave facts.
Ruthlessly he destroyed the alluring
picture of the Philippines with thousands
of Americans luxuriating on enormous
wealth-producing sugar plantations and
showed the country clothed in all the hor
rors of the destructive earthquake, me
death-dealing cyclones, the deadly cholera
and the enervating, prostrating heat of
four degrees north of the equator.
"If you have any missionary work to
do," said the Senator, "come right home
here to do it. And when you have fin
ished with San Francisco you will prob
ably find a field in New York. If we save
this country we are doing pretty well."
The cheap labor of the Chinese in Man
ila the Senator offered as an argument
as to the impossibility of our boys com
peting with them, and "cheap labor
means danger to a republic," he de
clared.
In conclusion Senator Perkins said:
"Let us confine ourselves to this conti
nent. Let us revere our banner as we
now do. Let us maintain our national
dignity, our national honor. Let us build
war ships, but never let us bring in any
element that Is so antagonistic to repub
lican government as are the various sects
and tribes that inhabit the Philippine
Islands."
Interspersed with a programme of mu
sic and song, during the afternoon the
members of the Women's Press Associa
tion joined Mrs.E. O. Smith in a discus
sion of the facts presented by the lady
in her paper, "Does a Man Own His Own
Face?"
Mrs. Smith claimed that in this day of
sensationalism and caricature the press
seemed to think that they alone owned
all faces, to do with them as well or as
badly as they pleased. The caricaturist
came in for many hard taps by the lady,
who was ab!y seconded in her sweeping
assertions and all-round abuse of the dis
torter of faces by Mesdames Copley,
uretherick, Dr. Beecher and Mrs. Stan
tan.
3 DAY SPECIALS I
Every week we cut the prices on ' "
certain articles way down. It will
- pay you to read our ads.'
HAMS, per- 16 ;...... ............lie
. Finest Eastern
Sugar-cured. *•
Regular price, 13c.
PINEAPPLE, large tin 20c, 3 f0r... 50c
Whole Singapore. ] . "
Eyed and cored.
Regular price, 25c. '
BOURBON WHISKEY, bot. 75, 3 bots. $2
Gallon $3.00
. This is the celebrated
E. C. Berry spring '90.
Regular price, $1 00 and $4 00. . '
ROYAL BAKING POWDER, 8-oz. tin. 20c
Everybody knows this brand. \
Regular price, 25c.
TABLE SYRUP, gallon,. .50c
A strictly fancy Eastern ■
Syrup, delicious with hot cakes. . .
Regular price, 75c.
WE SELL THE IDEAL COFFEE POT.
21 STOCKTON ST., 1 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. ! Corner Lombard. •
Telephone Main 5523. T«le;hon» West 151.
Catalogue free. Particular attention
given to Mail Orders.
"CASH 0B
LITTLE- AT-A - TIME." /^%
WE CARRY f «?- ■
EVERYTHING Jjjw? -
For housekeep- • /^^J^S^^vaCr •
ing. Here you T^^N&rHfs 1
■will find the / rvO^?/]
lowest prices, / \) ,\o ,•;!
•with the addi- j^J ( \ool
tional charm of g^r? 6 I Xyy
reliable mer- ; /£v-it\'n /
chanTdise. xWAIJ\ I
"Money-saving" C/l/iHt i /
possibiu- •SCi/j V L
ties are in- - ./ >J9J nt^^ Xv •
disputably Bt/.y** VFTVvVS.
here. %^S \\%l^K
THIS WEEK \S*" \^lr r A
OAK CHIFFONIERS^ $5.50, $8.50. VJ .jjB;*«A
J. N(H)NAN, A^xl
1017-1023 Mission Street, ""tli
Above Sixth. "•°< l M'/
I" ') " •> <'i.|V °' 0 to " 7 r> t/
gout I? l^k! : '.'pV 0 . 'p "•"<•/" c \
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
act/,. Full Set of Teeth
I y^A.^o ■ extracting free $sooup
'. C^^J*T^^l^%^ : Gold Crowns 2alc . $3 50 up
r§%^ - V Fillings ■-■- - 25 cts. up
* Open Evenings & Sunday*
E^lffivl VAN vroom :
VMnOv' Electro Dental Parlors
4p F\ Sixth and Market
. Dr. G W. Kleissr, Prop.
f The RALSTON STILL :
Is the only one made that
will furnish absolutely
PU DRINKIN6 'WATER.-
Indorsed" by the Ralston
Health Club. Send or call
for particulars.
THE JUSTINIAN CAIBE CO. •
521 Market St., Ska Frtseiisa.
■/■:.:.• >.-. .• -. •..." .: T" ■■■• •■-..■'-•
q vim DR. JORDAN'S
i^pi Museum of Anatomy
■ IjSl^t ■ 5061 2A225X st. let 6th 4 Tti, S. T. c*l
■TT B B ' The L»rgMtofiUklndlnth«trotML
1^«>1 ; DR. JORDAN— Private Disease*.
;: I ffwV V•■ . Conasltattsa free.' Write for B»ok J.-. ?: •
vV-l of Marriagt.
M id HAILED mKS.