VOLUME XXXXIV.— NO 82.
GLORIOUS HOME-COMING OF THE SANTIAGO SQUADRON
THE GREAT NAVAL PARADE ON THE HUDSON. JUST BEFORE IT REACHED CASTLE WILLIAM, FROM WHICH THE FIRST SALUTE WAS FIRED
GUNS OF SAMPSON'S
SHIPS THUNDER IN
PEACEFUL WATERS
Joyous Welcome Given the Vic
torious Fleet on Its Return
to New York,
Battle - Scarred Fighting Craft Fire a National
Salute at the Tomb of General
Grant.
TTEW YORK, Aug. 20.— Hundreds of
thousands of people along the banks of
the Hudson, and thousands on all
styles of river craft, blended their
■shouts in a royal Welcome to the re
' turned North Atlantic squadron under
command of Rear Admiral Sampson,
and as fine an August day as could be
desired was Nature's tribute to the re
turning victors. For almost three solii
hours 6team whistles, steam sirens and
email guns along the shores shrieked
and boomed in the effort to display the
heartiest enthusiasm for the home
coming of the naval heroes with their
battle-scared ships.
Early in the morning the seven big
ships— the New York, lowa. Indiana,
Brooklyn, Massachusetts, Oregon and
•Texas— lay In New York Bay. Just off
Tompkinsville. There was no idea with
Admiral Sampson that New York was
• prepared for a rousing reception, but
the news was brought shortly by a tug
from : a navy yard, and all the ships of
the squadron were immediately put
under preparations for dress review.
By 9 o'clock the big, dull-looking
fighting ships, looming high above Uw
picturesque confusion of the smaller
craft, which had come down to get a
glimpse of the ships, were ready for
movement. Strung out along their
decks, in long, regular lines, were the
white uniformed "ackies, with here and
there a blue-coated officer, all strongly
contrasted against the somber, lead
colored armor of the ships.
When the hour for the start came.^ It
. looked as if it would be impossible for
the great ships to make their way
through the jam of river craft.. Ve*
pels of all descriptions, from the small
est Steam launch to the great ocean
liner, were banked around the squad
ron. Cheers and shouts of welcome
arose from every deck, and the boats'
' Whtetlefl all joined in the shouts.
Suddenly there was a movement on
. fhe flagship New York as the big ship
started forward with a slow, stately
glide. She was quickly followed by the
other six vessels in the following or
der: lowa, Indiana, Brooklyn, Massa
. chusetts, Oregon, Texas. It was some
time before the ships could get into re
view formation, but by the time the
New- York's prow came into line with
'■■'■ Governors Island the other ships had
formed in regular line.
.The start was made, accompanied by
.tremendous cheering, screeching whis
ties and booming cannon. From Castle
William came the first salute. It was
merely a flash of bright red, which was
immediately smothered in a sheet of
•'■/•smoke before the detonation was heard.
Then came the roar across the waters,
■ and the ships headed right into the
• r}ver on the way to General Grant's
. -tomb,
:'v\All along the line,, on piers, on sheds,
.*h/ipsoM a.nd "«v«ry Dosslble Dolnt of
The San Francisco Call
! vantage people were packed. The river
i craft, crowding the warships close,
i were jammed with passengers, sinking
I the sides of the vessels almost to their
i guard rails on one side, giving the Im
| pression that even the ships themselves
i bowed in unconscious salute to the re
'< turning naval heroes. The width of the
i Hudson River was a struggling, flut
i tering, darting mass of color and con
fusion and cheers. As the vessels
' moved further up the river the water,
\ which had been calm at the Battery.
j was churned by the action of the hun
! dreds of steamers, and waves dashed
over the small boats and sheets of
I spray dampened the passengers on the
lower decks of the larger steamers.
As the grim looking battleships
moved up the river the crowds became
denser and the enthusiasm was more
marked. At Riverside drive, with its
s f pop, grassy slope, the scene was like
an amphitheater. Tens of thousands
of persons covered the green slope and
as the battleships approached a mighty
cheer arose that reverberated back and
forth across the Hudson.
From the bottom of the slope an
observation train crawled lazily along,
keeping even with the ships. Above
was the vast sea of humanity crowding
General Grant's tomb, which was to
i mark the beginning of the return of the
.squadron, and where a national salute
of twenty-one guns was fired. The
tomb, standing high, white and solemn,
was far above the waters of the river
and looked as if built on a foundation
of faces.
For the first time in the parade, the
b-itleships drew together. Just at the
point of return there was a momen
tary lull, as if expecting a climax.
Suddenly from the sides and turrets of
the battleships there was a vivid flash,
loilovlng this a tremendous roar, an
nouncing the first gun of the national
salute.
The leavy smoke curled and tumbled
down toward the water and up into the
air until the ships had been almost hid
den, but the roar, coming again and
again, seemed to rock the waters them
selves. It was an imposing spectacle
as the big battleships boomed a sa
lute to the nation; as the warships
saluted the final resting place of Gen
eral Grant and the guns that sounded
the knell of .Admiral Cervera's ships at
Santiago boomed a reverent obeisance
to the dead aero.
The salute ended, the return of the
squadron alonp the line of review was
begun. It wa* a repetition of the en
thusiastic sceripp on the "way up the
river. Every vhistle that could be
brought into use played its part; every
bell, every band joined in honoring the
fleet and above ell were the resound
ing echoes of the^phouts from on water
and on land. \
The parade of the ships, from the
\
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1898-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
time It passed the Battery an its way
up the river to the time it repassed on
its way to anchorage off Tompkins
ville, S. 1., occupied just two hours and
thirty-five minutes.
DIFFERENCE OF OPINION
REGARDING THE TERMS
War Officials Inclined to Believe the
Capitulation Involves All the
Philippine Islands.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 20.— Official an
nouncement of the terms of capitula
tion agreed on at Manila . reached the
War Department this evening in a dis
patch from Major General Merritt. It
was the first notification, officially, of
the nature of the capitulation and em
braced the complete terms in six arti
cles. There is considerable difference
of opinion as to the exact significance
of the terms of capitulation, but the
best opinion obtainable to-night con
strued the language to embrace all
Spanish possessions In the Philippines
and not Manila alone.
It is pointed out that the word "sub
urbs" is an elastic expression, and the
language of article one, stating that
the Spanish troops, both the European
and the native, capitulate, "with" the
city and defenses, goes to emphasize
this construction. This is the view, ex
j pressed by war officials, and considered
i in this light goes to confirm the press
! dispatches stating that the capitulation
involves the whole Philippines.
All the unsettled points in the terms
I of surrender will have to be finally de
i termined by the President, though
1 there Is no doubt that he will approve
whatever agreement General Merritt
makes.
The terms make no reference to the
harbor and strictly provide for land
occupations. Admiral Dewey, however,
| has made no report of the terms.
SECRECY IN MAKING
ARMY APPOINTMENTS
President Urged to Aid the Families
of Officers Killed at
Santiago.
NEW YORK, Aug. 20.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Re-
cent promotions and appointments )n
the army for some unexplained reason
have been kept a profound secret. It is
known, however, that the President has
during the last ten days made a num
ber of appointments under pressure
from different quarters. The appoint
ments have for the most part been sec
ond lieutenants. The most meritorious
class of these, however, will be sons or
relatives of officers who were killed or
wounded during the campaign at San
tiago.
About ten days ago the Secretary of
War by direction of the President, ad
dressed letters to families of these of
ficers asking if there were sons avail
able for appointments. One reply was
received from the widow of Lieutenant
Colonel J. M. Hamilton of Brooklyn,
who was killed at Santiago, saying that
there were three girls, and she regret
ted, therefore, that she was unable to
avail herself of the kind offer of the
President. '
GENERAL PANDO'S FLIGHT.
Spanish Commander Arrives Incog
nito in Mexico.
WASHINGTON, Aur. 20.— The State
Department received a telegram to-day
from Consul Thompson at Progreso,
Mexico, stating that General Pando,
the Spanish general, second in com
mand to Blanco, had arrived incognito
at Progreso yesterday on the Mexican
steamer Campeche. The Consul says
General Pando seeks to enter Havana
or Batabano, Cuba, on the British
steamer Gulllermo Lopez. When last
heard of General Pando was alleged
to be In command of the Spanish forces
at Manzanillo, Cuba.
Tandem Record Lowered.
LONDON, Aug. 20.— At the games at the
Catfoni grounds to-day two tandom bi
cycle records were lowered, F. Burn and
H. S. Chambers covering a quarter of a
mile with flying start In :24 2-5. and a
half mile, standing start, being ridden
by E. and H. S. Ames, in :59 1-5.
TEXT OF THE
MANILA TERMS
WASHINGTON, Aug. 20.— The War Department late
this afternoon posted the following cable from General Mer
ritt, giving the terras of the capitulation of Manila:
"HONGKONG, Aug. 20, 1898. — Adjutant General,
Washington: The following are the terms of the capitula
tion:
"The undersigned, having been appointed a commission
to determine the details of the capitulation of the city and
defenses of Manila and its suburbs and the Spanish forces
stationed therein, in accordance with agreement entered
into the previous day by Major General Wesley Merritt, U.
S. A., American commander-in-chief in the Philippines, and
his Excellency Don Fermin Jaudines, acting general - in
chief of the Spanish army in the Philippines, have agreed
upon the following:
"1. The Spanish troops, European and native, capitu
late with the city and defenses, with all honors of war, de
positing their arms in the places designated by the authori
ties of the United States and remaining in the quarters des
ignated and under the orders of their officers and subject to
the control of the aforesaid United States authorities until
the conclusion of the treaty of peace between the two bel
ligerent nations. All persons included in the capitulation
remain at liberty; the officers remaining in their respective
homes, which shall be respected as long as they observe
the regulations prescribed for their government and the
laws in force.
"2. Officers shall retain their side arms, horses and pri
vate property. All public horses and public property of all
kinds shall be turned over to the staff officers designated
by the United States.
"3. Complete returns in duplicate of men by organiza
tions and full lists of public property and stores shall be ren
dered to the United States within ten days from this date.
"4. All questions relating to the repatriation of officers
and men, of the Spanish officers and of their families, and of
the expense the said repatriation may occasion, shall be
referred to the Government of the United States at Washing
ton. Spanish families may leave Manila at any time conve
nient to them. The return of the arms surrendered by the
Spanish forces shall take place when they evacuate the city,
or when the American army evacuates.
"5. Officers and men included in the capitulation shall
be supplied by the United States, according to their rank,
with rations and necessary aid as though they were prisoners
of war, until the conclusion of a treaty of peace between the
United States and Spain. All the funds in the Spanish terri
tory and all other public funds shall be turned over to the
authorities of the United States.
"6. This city, its inhabitants, its churches and religious
worship, its educational establishments and its private prop
erty of all descriptions are placed under the safeguard of the
faith and honor of the American army.
"F. V. GREENE, Brigadier General of Volunteers,
United States Army.
"B. P. LAMBERTON. Captain, U. S. N.
"CHARLES A. WHITTIER, Lieutenant Colonel and
Inspector General.
"E. H. CROWDER, Lieutenant Colonel* and Judge
Advocate.
"NICHOLAS DE LA PENA, 'Auditor General.
"CARLOS R*EYES. Colonel de Ingineros.
"JOSE MARIA OLINQUEN, Felia de Estado.
Major.
C< MERRITT."
INCENDIARISM AND
RIOTING CONTINUE
IN PORTO RICO
Haciendas and Sugar Mills All
Over the Island Destroyed
•> by Mobs.
Twenty-Nine Houses in the Town of Coto
Burned and the Business Places
Looted.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1808,
by Jimea Gordon Bennett.
PONCE, Porto Rico. Aug. 20.—Turbu
lent affairs continue, apparently
growing out of the violence connected
with the partial destruction of the vil
lage of Coto yesterday, followed by nu
merous fires last night.
Several houses of Spanish residents
were burned in Vauco during the night,
and this morning reports show that in
cendiaries have been at work destroy
ing haciendas and sugar mills all over
the island.
Evidence is accumulating showing
the existence of a plot among the na
tives to destroy the property of Span
ish residents. There is no longer any
reasonable doubt that the incendiarism
is the result of concerted action which
probably originated in Ponce, where
vengeful sufferers of the inquisition of
1888 have congregated since the Ameri
can occupation.
The country is infested by guerrillas
who dally commit outrages similar to
but less extensive than the Caiks mas
sacre. The American troops cannot
suppress these guerrillas who commit
depredations and then retreat into ter
tory held by the Spanish, whither the
spirit of armistice prevents pursuit.
These outrages have stirred the na
tives to desperation. They demand re
venge. The riotous demonstrations in
this locality are the result. Riots will
become more general unless Governor
General Macias promptly suppresses
the guerrillas.
General Miles issued an order to dis
arm the natives as a means of prevent
ing retaliation, but General Henry re
fused to deprive the natives of their
arms in the neighborhood of Utuado,
where arms are the only means of de
fense against the depredations of the
Spanish guerrillas who are infesting
the mountains.
NEW YORK, Aug. 20.— A cable to
the Sun from Ponce says: Twenty
nine houses in the town of Coto were
burned yesterday by Porto Ricans.
Two other houses were torn down, and
a bank and all of the business houses
were looted.
Coto is a small town five miles from
Ponce. Half the population are Span
ish and the stores belonged to them.
A night watchman who was on guard
was held up at 5 o'clock in the morn
ing by three Porto Ricans. who thrust
revolvers into his face and threatened
to- kill him. The watchman ran away,
and the men then lighted torches ar.d
began to destroy property. They chop
ped in doors, tore off and smashed in
blinds and finally set fire to one block
of the finest buildings in town, owned
by Spaniards And containing all the
business of the place.
The Spanish residents fled to the
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
woods. The mob attacked the bank
building with pickaxes and shovels and
succeeded in smashing the vault, but
they got very little cash.
After rifling the vault t>f its contents
the mob set fire to the building, the
crowd cheering as the flames rose in the
air and yelling "Death to Spain!"
'"Death to the Spanish!" etc.
When the disorder was at its height
Major ParkhiM of General Wilson's
staff camo along on his way from Ponce
to the front, and Lieutenant Lawton
with thirty-one men of the Nineteenth
Infantry also came up, and they quickly
quelled the riot.
BERLIN PRESS DISCUSS
THE PROTOCOL'S TERMS.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by the Associated Pre»«.
BERLIN, Aug. 20.— The signing of the
protocol' engrosses the attention of the
press. The more serious papers and
nearly all the periodicals appearing
this week take the view that Spain has
only herself to blame, and that the con
ditions imposed by the United States
are not excessive.
The Cologne Gazette, discussing the
situation at Manila, highly praises the
American naval officers, expressing its
confidence that their efforts will soon
restore complete order so that business
can be conducted safely. It adds: "Now
that the star-spangled banner waves
all danger to German commercial in
terests is past."
The Berliner Tageblatt congratulates
Admiral Dewey on his promotion, and
says he understands how to preserve
friendly and correct relations with the
German squadron, even during diffi
culties.
The political and economic relations
of the United States and Germany are
also much discussed. United States
Kmbassador White is highly praised
for his unceasing efforts to re-establish
them on a thoroughly friendly basis.
Count yon Goetzen's reports on the
military achievements have greatly in
terested 'Emperor William, who reads
them as they arrive before they go to
the War Office. The reports all go to
Lieutenant yon Vaumbach. a member
of the general staff, who is commis
sioned to write from them and other
reliable sources a special technical his
tory of the war for the use of the gene
ral staff.
Modesto's Reception to Needham.
MODESTO, Aug. 20.— Attorney J. C.
Needham of Modesto. Republican nomi
nee for Congress from the Seventh Dis
trict, was accorded a non-partisan recep
tion at Plato's Opera-house this even
ing. The hall was crowded. Short
speeches were made and patriotic songs
by a male chorus were sung. The best
of feeling prevailed and all expressed
pleasure at the honor conferred upon
their fellow townsman. The concluding
speech was made by Mr. Needham, and
his effort was a happy ona.2
AMERICA'S FLAG FLOATS OVER
THE LAND OF THE KANAKAS
HONOLULU'S LAST DAY
AS CAPITAL OF THE
REPUBLIC OF HAWAII
Events on the Eve of August 12, 1898, When the
Island Fla£ Was Replaced by the Emblem
of American Authority.
Gentle Natives Were Disconsolate, and From the Gardens of Ex-Queen
: Liliuokalani Came the Sound of Wailing Over a
Nation's Death.
BY ALICE RIX.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, Aug. 11.— Twelve o'clock
and all is well. The whistles are sound-
Ing a last noon for the Hawaiian flag.
When the hands have gone around the
clock again to midday the Hawaiian
flag will have passed down a page
of history to take Its place among the
things that were.
Tn-morrow at 12 o'clock, noon, on
Friday, August 12, IS9B, the Stars and
Stripes of America will be raised over
her new possessions.
This naked fact, by detail unadorned,
has been given to the world. The pro
gramme of the ceremony remains a
tender confidence among officials and
cannot be begged or bully-ragged out
of them. Personally I have not had
recourse to either of these methods, but
I can certify that polite questioning
availeth nothing.
Since Admiral Miller sailed under
sealed orders into Honolulu harbor, and
was known to have sealed orders for
United States Minister Sewall in his
pocket, the seal has been distinctly
fashionable In official circles. Not a
man moving in them will tell so much
ns the time o' day. The official walk
has become a stealthy tread. The offi
cial voice has discovered a scale of
whispers; the official eye doth
darkly wink and the official
manner— Ai! We have no word,
dark, bodeful, mysterious enough, in
Dur free, frank tongue to paint the offi
cial manner. It should be done in Dan
ish, to Peer Gynt music.
I suppose there is somt> good and
sufficient reason for all this and an
other reason for not explaining that
one. The United States Minister is
doubtless acting under orders from
Washington, and no one else can divulge
what he refuses to tell. Mr. Sewall Is
too diplomatic to offend, too clever to
have made this mistake. The form of
government which shall succeed the
I • - nt republic is a fact which belongs
to the people of Hawaii, to say nothing
of the people of the United States. It
is nut entirely impertinent curiosity
which st-eks to lift :he veil. Washing
ton evidently thinks otherwise. But in
th<» countenance of McKinley I wish to
remark that all this mystery savors
more of court intrigue than of the
avowedly free methods of our govern
ment of, for and by the people.
The people, as here represented, are,
largely speaking, furious. They want
to know how they arc to be governed
and by whom. They will know to-mor
n.w when the proclamation is read and
not before— not if the United States
Minister can help it. In the meantime,
since the coming of the Philadelphia,
speculation has been wide. I was told
by an authority next door to being su
preme that there will be little if any
change in the internal administration
executive or judicial — either now or on
the coming of the Commissioners. The
situation will wait on Congress.
M.-antime everybody will be in office
who is in office now, except the Min
ister of Foreign Affairs, whose office,
like that of the United Statvs Minister,
ceases to exist. It is confidently sup
posed by everybody that a place will
be found or created for Mr. Sewall by
the administration, with which he is
so popular. He denies that he will be
Governor, and says there will be no
Governor at all. Very few accept the
statement as frankly as it is offered.
As I am in the habit of believing people
whose word ought to be worth some
thing, I print his statement for a
fact.
I would that I might also print his
proclamation— for which I asked him
genially and which he as genially re
fused.
There 1b something, I think, even in
not getting what you want under
agreeable auspices.
As far as may be determined by the
unofficial mind, aided by the grudgring
Information that can be raked and
scraped together, the ceremony, so
long expected, so enthusiastically
awaited, and for which a number of
• good people, including the present
scribe, have Journeyed two thousand
one hundred and something miles to
see and to record, will occupy perhaps
ten or fifteen minutes — the time con
sumed by the mere mechanical action
of lowering one flag and raising an
other. It is even possible that the
flag may be raised from the tower of
the Executive Building instead of from
the ground, when, of course, another
five minutes can be chopped off to
make the ceremony deeper still.
The Annexation Club, which held
over two tons of fireworks from the
Fourth of July stock for the purpose
: 0f bombing, rocketing and otherwise
exploding its national joy and has
planned for songs, speeches and exer
cises of the day, so dear to political
organizations of all climes, was
snubbed with the information that the
programme would be strictly official
and referred to the opera-house and
their new devices for whatever enter
tainment pleased them best. Later an
indignant delegation of the men who
had given heart, blood and bone to the
annexation movement waited on Mr.
Sewall and put the case pleadingly be
fore him, and now I believe they are
to be allowed In at the tail of the of
ficial programme.
Of course the passing of the Ha
waiian flag will receive the Ironic cour
tesy of a salute. The same that will
raise our own flag above its fallen
head. It makes no difference to the
cannon's- throat what tune it sings.
"Hawaii Ponoi" and "The Star
spangled Banner" from the band, Joy
• to Americans and sorrow to Hawaiians,
are what we may presuppose without
official assistance. The natives In num
bers will shut themselvea in their
homes to-morrow. Some, including the
Princess Kaiulani, have already
left the island. The Queen will mourn
In her house in sound and sight of the
ceremonies— as she has been all along —
with United States troops in camp be
fore the Hawaiian Barracks, and
! her own band playing the martial n usic
of that Union of which she has become
an unwilling part. Wailing sounds
from her gardens day and night. The
sentiment of Hawalians is single — a
broad stream flowing from unnumbered
sources — grief at extinction which they
realize is the ultimate result of annex
ation, while the broadest minded
among them admit its advantages over
the present form of government.
I went the day before yesterday to
the Executive Building to look on at
what was reported to be the United
States Minister's last official visit to
President Dole to be paid in company
with Admiral Miller and a glittering,
gold-laced naval train. The last official
visit of the last United States Minister
to the last President of the Hawaiian
republic — which is the Hawaiian repub
lic no more — is history. I thought I
ought to be there if only for the grati
fication of saying to my grandchildren:
"And you should have seen the admi
ral, my dears, a most distinguished
man, in the splendid uniform they wore
in those days."
And after all it was only the visit of
courtesy the admiral himself was pay
ing to the President, although the
splendid uniforms and the distinguish
ed presence were in evidence. The navy
arrived early — too early by ten min
utes — and gave one a chance to admire
and to pity, for the day was one of the
scorching, breathless sort which come
between the sweet trade winds, and
full dress uniform is as stuffy as It is
splendid. Mr. Sewall arrived punctu
ally on time, faultlessly attired accord-
Ing to our lackluster views of what is
fit in man's attire, and, as usual, im
perturbably cool.
Mr. Sewall is always cool, or, at
least, he has the thin, dry gift of never
looking warm, which must be of in
finite use to a diplomat in this climate.
The Hawaiian Guard was on compli
mentary parade, and the Hawaiian
band discoursed the Sousa strains, and
the executive grounds were gay, any
way, with preparations for feasting the
St. Paul's troops. The tables were
spread under long arbors stretched
with some long, dried grass or leaves,
with reminiscent early Hawaiian effect.
I wish I might have seen this land
when everybody lived under a thatch.
I dare say I should not have been half
so comfortable as I find myself at the
Hawaiian Hotel, where the comforts of
life and the joys of a civilized society
are found, but the visit would have
pleased me more. Honolulu has a few
good old Southern many porticoed
houses standing knee deep in her
sweeps of moist, sweet green, but ar
chitecture is, for the most part, rigid
and characterless, except for such char
acter as you find in New England vil
lages too young for one's respect. The
Executive Building, which was the old
Palace, is pretentious, but hardly
splendid enough, one would think, to
have pleased a King.
On this particular hot morning Chi
nese and Japs are shuffling about with
baskets, layin- tables under the
long, thatched arbors, and early girls
in pale muslins and big summery hats
made pictures of themselves against
the sumptuous green.
The St. Paul's troops were marched
in before I left. They are as fit as you
please, in good health, spirits and form,
the gayest lot of men to march in and
out of Honolulu since I have been here.
They came up Hotel street in step
to a mighty whistling chorus which
they have got down — or rather vp — to
shrill perfection. I did not think "A
Hot Time" could offer further variety
to my wearied ear, but It gathers a
quite new warmth whistled 900 strong
with Jovial castanet effects in tin cups
and the tramp, tramp of 1800 feet. The
troops had excellent care, well-cooked
food and shower baths on the trip
down, and the immeasurable advantage
of change to camp here, and so will
go on to the front, armed for climatic
disadvantages and the fortunes of war.
If, as General Merrltt said to me, an
officer should consider his 'troops as his
children, their commanding officers
and Colonel Barber are among the best
fathers in the army.
Colonel Barber was still looking for
a site for the garrison when I last saw
him this morning.
"ThiP will be an expensive port, any
way," he said, "and the Government
naturally does not like expense. I
hoped to find a tract of Government
land lying about somewhere, but I
haven't found anything at all suitable
yet. There Is a lonely stretch lying out
beyond Waikiki, close against Diamond
Head, in a little gap through which the
wind always finds a way. and I shall
look into that to-morrow."
The truth is that the Hawaiian Gov
ernment has leased large stretches of
the best Government lands for periods
of from five to twenty years. Even
since the islands have been annexed
to the United States a large tract _of
fine land has been leased, which would
have furnished an ideal camping
ground for the American troops.
I spoke to Colonel Barber about the
new Military Hospital which is about
to open at the old Independence Park.
The Park Is better adapted for a rice
field than for any other purpose, for
it lies under water all through the
rainy season, and Is a spot to breed
rather than curb disease. He said he
hoped it would do at least until the
rains set in, and shook his head dis
tractedly, and I felt that I had most
unwillingly added tq his woes.
Since poor Hawaii must lose her
head, a more merciful executioner than
Admiral Miller could never have been
found.
Coming on this mission, which means
to the Hawaiians the loss of all they
hold dear — flag, country, name and
race identity — he meets the respect,
THE SAX FKAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1898.
I confidence and affection of the people.
i And I think these could not be in bet
ter keeping.
"This was a military necessity," said
j Admiral Miller to me, "justifiable on
i those grounds, but I think the best
! thing that could have happened to Ha-
I wail. I like to think so, for I feel
■ great sympathy and liking for the Ha
waiian people. Now, this much of the
i raising of the flag. We all like to see
; our flag going up, but I think no one
can see the flag of a country come
down without sadness, certainly not
; that of a country never hostile to us
jor to our interests. I have the Ha
walians at heart in this matter. I
have saluted their flag many times. It
is forty-one years since I first sailed
into this port, and I have many friends
here. This is one reason lam strong
ly against a demonstration and gen
eral rejoicing among our people to
morrow. There will be many sad
hearts in Honolulu to-morrow, and
there are all the reasons of tact, deli
cacy and consideration against mak
ing them any heavier."
SICK VOLUNTEERS IN
HONOLULU HOSPITALS
United -States Soldiers Who Were
Unable to Complete the Voy
age to Manila.
HONOLULU, Aug. 10.— There are
twenty-six United States soldiers in the
hospitals here. Sixteen of these are at
the Red Cross Hospital and ten at the
Queen's. One or two at each hospital
are very sick. The others are doing
well. Two from the lied Cross Hos
pital expect to return to the coast on
the next steamer. They are James
Lavin of Company D, Twenty-third
Infantry, and Guy D. Boynton of Com
pany A, Thirteenth Minnesota Volun
teers. Those at the Red Cross are:
William J. Russell, Company F, Twen
ty-third Infantry. L. S. A.; Robert Cryan,
Company L, Regiment, U. S. A.; Jesse
Cook, Company L, First South Dakota.
Volunteers; Marion Stewart, Company C,
First South Dakota Volunteers; Edward
Beechwood, Company F, Eirst South Da
kota Volunteers; John O'Connor, Com
pany M. First South Dakota Volunteers;
Corporal Joseph C. Moss, Signal Corps;
A. H. Whittemore, Company G, Four
teenth Infantry. U. S. A.; Alfred Houby,
Battery G. Third Artillery; James Lavin,
Company D, Twenty-third Infantry, U. S.
A.; Wilberforce Gioud, Company F,
Twenty-third Infantry, U. S. A.; Martin
Martin. Company G, Fourteenth Infantry,
U. S. A.; Charles H. Outten, Company G,
Fourteenth Infantry, U. S. A.; Frank
Stanley, Battery D, Sixth Light Artillery;
Guy D. Boynton, Company A, Thirteenth
Minnesota Volunteers; Lieutenant Hunt,
adjutant Fourteenth Infantry, U. S. A.
At the Queen's Hospital a complete
record of company and regimental or
ganization was not furnished to the
hospital authorities in each case, and of
course the hospital authorities have
been too busy so far to look up this
subject. The names of the soldier pa
tients and the organizations they be
long to, so far as they are known, are
as follows:
William Fales. Company A, First Cali
fornia Volunteers; K<lwarf] H. Charotte.
hospital steward. First Montana Volun
teers; Corporal Vance Prather, Company
X, Fourteenth Infantry. U. S. A.; Alfred
Fought, Company L, First South Dakota
Volunteers; George Filley. William Pat
ton, Fred W. Smith, Orville Johnson,
Company I, Fourteenth Infantry, U. S. A.;
W. H. Hatcher, George T. Fowler, Volun
teer Signal Corps.
Coolie Labor Trouble Averted.
HONOLULU, Aug. 11.— Diplomacy
has averted the trouble which was
thought imminent with the Japanese
contract laborers. The Hawaiian Gov
ernment in a friendly manner called
the attention of the Japanese Legation
to the fact of current rumors In regard
to the Japanese laborers striking and
creating trouble and disturbance. Mr.
Shimamura's successor, Consul Eleve
Hirai, at once promptly took the mat
ter up and issued an authoritative cir
cular to the laborers and agencies
warning them and compelling them to
proceed with their labor and to await
the opportunity of testing their condi
tions before the law courts. Any Im
proper conduct on their part would be
attended with the displeasure of the
Japanese Government.
Get-Away Day at Jollet.
JOLiIBT, 111., Aug. 20.— Get-away day at In
galls Park developed only mediocre racing
and showed a decidedly unfavorable contrast
to the card of yesterday. A field of ten faced
the starter in the 2:20 pace. The Nebraska
mure, Lena Russell, won with comparative
ease in straight heats. In the 2:16 trot Hazel
Klnney won In straight heats. Joe Patchen,
driven by Colonel Marks, went against the
track record here of 2:02%. The mile was paced
In 2:03 flat. Result*:
2 -20 pace, purse $1000— Lena Russell won first,
second and third heats. Time, 2:1014, 2:llVi.
2:12 V;. Partltude, Hal Patchen. Bocadlan,
Americus. Leah, Anna V, Tim Donovan, Little
Pete and Pink also started.
216 trot, pume $1000— Hazel Kinney won In
straight heatn. Time. 2:12, 2:13^, 2:13 V Sister
Alice, Campania Girl, Heir Medium, Leutolu,
Josephine Dixon. Minnie Birchwood and Sliver
Simmons also started.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Keep Cool
In hot weather, and keep your blood
pure at all times. The result will be
good health the year round. The means
to this end is Hood's Sarsaparilla. This
great medicine is prepared by experi-
enced pharmacists to make your blood
rich and pure.
HOOCFS parilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. $1; six
for $5. Prepared only by C. I. Hood & Co.,
Loweil, Mass.
HOOD'S PILLS cure all Liver Ills. 16 cent*.
MRS. NICKERSON, WIFE OF MfiJOR A. h|. NIC^ERSON.
ANACONDA BARRFO
IN THE BETTING
BUFFALO, N. T.. Aug. 20.— The Fort Erie
grand circuit meeting ended to-<l;iy. Grace
Hastings won the unfinished 2:08 trot after
briFk pooling by the admirers of the Kentucky
mare anJ the Village Farm horse. Tommy Brit
ton. Rgozen won the 2:17 pace in hollow style,
always favorite. Anaconda was such an over
whelming favorite for the 2:08 pace that he was
barred in the betting. He won In straight
heats. The best contest of the day came in the
2:30 trot fur the youngsters, last on the card,
laurels had to fight Charley Herr to the wire
In each heat before winning. Results:
2:08 class trotting, purse |ISOQ (four heats on
Friday)— Grace Hastings won third, fourth and
fifth heats. Time, 2:0?%, 2:l2Vi, iM%. Tommy
Britton won first and second heats. Time,
1:10%, 2:09"4. nilma third. Kentu.-ky Union
and Pilot Roy also started.
2:17 class pacing, purse $1500 — Egozen won
ADVERTISEMENTS.
r
I A VyOTVIAIN?
% Are you a woman with a f%ll I •- 1^
£ woman's ills, with a woman's „ c-^. ■ ' ' —^-^- —^ i !- ll ' < [ilw--- y 14
% nerves, with her pains and her " /^.^\ \/ ~^ i! - i(!i "'* m " m "' '''"SflHHt
| mental and physical misery? '^^^^X^ fe^%%,
* Are you a woman? Then I \ \ x^^^P^ik' I
* There is relief from periodi- lj| "iiiiiX X^" C *
ical backaches, headaches and '''il^V 'ffiSPtefJ ■J*
* nervousness. There is strength 'i \^ /'/ft/ W *
| and health for you in my sim- Y/f JKI
-% pie method. . Don't take any more drugs. They only {yjj^-^^^ \M\ >§f| *
% stimulate for a day. You must restore the strength and then ( (.- iH^. AJjjJJkV S
4 nature can cure you. How to do this I explain in my book, W^^^^^^k m *
I "MAIDEN, WIFE AND MOTHER," A%
& Which is free upon application. I have found that my j, A\\ A /[mW jM *
* now famous Electric Belt is as good for women as for l\\ \VI \ ' >lf JWSw^
men. During the past three years hundreds of women lij X W\=^^ y^-^^^K *
* have regained the full vigor of healthy womanhood by its r I \f\ V'^b *
Wl use. Read this letter from a grateful woman: \*\v t^^J^i/'^^^^
*? Dr. Sanden— Sir: I have worn your Belt part of each day since the 4th of June. The I \W LMSL\ :: i^\^f^^ ** ' E-- :i^lM lf s£ -
&. ' morning I first put it on my back was so lame I could hardly walk, and could not lift a dipper of / T §■''1 'y^<^^ >*• / RS^UySCS^fe''"' \fm
•^ ' water without pain, but in less than an hour I could carry a bucket of water across the room with- A \v,A 11 r£^Z^Zk£jto(fS*' «/ fo§^3fcill§tl
JLI out any pain, and swept the house and worked all day; and in three days from that time I did a ) •aW /^O^O^S^ifi- -» *s - Ef&^frffifeft?; I if*
*? two weeks' washing-, working all day. and never sat down only just long enough to eat my dinner, V"7 // '■4\V^r\WJr - * * «-"^^£>£v' ~
J£l and did not feel tired that night. That was the first time I had been able to do any washing since 111 U*i A, \ssiidy4«3' r * /fc^S^f^j A
*" the Ist of January, but have washed every day since. Before using your Belt I had not been able 1 ,'| -ft V\ V*^ W S XM^?&fKs& ~
JE,'. to run the machine, or even sew by hand, but now I can run the machine and sew all day and do /■ j l) V \fv\\ r~^ "■■— S\ WS B iSm
*•' not feel tired at nlpht. I sleep well, and am not a bit nervous. Your Belt has done wonders for j■' , ,-* i ill i\\ l»\ ESl^. \y\ \ -K&^iSa!?^ '•
»%. me. I tell all my lady friends about it. Some of them are suffering just as I was, but I can gladly 1,1 • \\\ it 1 rF m < \ I KTn^-3^^l' J<a»
*; say that lam well of all the complaints I had, which were many. Wish I could persuade all fi '" • V V'l *'\h i 1 I WJSSsi??§ss*
«Sj. ladies suffering as I did to get one of "Dr. Sanden's Belts." it would be the cause of them being /' I '. M HR • 1 1 1 \ I &«bl i 2,
r well and happy. lam sure they will do all that is claimed for them. MRS. D. E. PAXTON. 'i. I- \\ \\ it- I ill
| WARMING, SOOTHING VIGOR. f|| 1 nil \\\ Wu
& My Electric Belt will pour a gentle, glowing warmth into your nerves, soothing / II • '* 1 '^S
"£*■ and quieting them, assisting the circulation and building up a vigorous action of all the / j / j 1 I $^
*& organs. You will feel better at once, and health will soon be yours. / • ..'•' '71 I WiM *f"
• Call and examine this famous Belt at my office free of charge. Let me explain to ? l/j ;; s # . 1 ' I ' '\w^
*t you its wonderful effects. You can test it free. If you cannot call send for the book free. * jj \'P • j ' '\ i
4* ryj& ji T ■ /V ; '" ■*" ~"~~~ — ~~ — ■ — — * / ; •' • . -il 1\ &*
■* 702 Market St., Cor. Keai*ny, San Francisco. .. "vi in — - uncdi t/ "•■ I [|, I U
4^ : Office Hours-8 a. m. to Bp. m.; Sundays 10 to "l/ - , Dr " Sand^'" EJectrtc **" / ( ■ fi I M
I; Branches at Los Angeles. Cal.. 204&, South Broadway; Port- l 8 ver 80ld In drug ' itore » . I. \ . . i I 4
•2+ land. Or.. 253 Washington St.; . Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth nor by traveling agenta. . ;i I II A
X. -,-','■ «t.; Dallas. Tex., 235 Main st. . . .' . J , . : • — — -— -.^ / ! - I , I Jl IL »
second, third and fourth heats. Time, 2:13^4.
2:16. 2:U".-,. Kodak won first heat In 2:12V4-
Huppy Chimes third.
2:QS clasa pacing, purse $1500 — Anaconda won
in straight heats. Time, 2:07, 2:08, 2:08^.
Bright Light second. Nicol R third. Quadriga
an.i Gllea Noyes also started.
2:SO class trotting, purse $1000, for three-year
olds and under— Laurels won recond and third
heat?. Time. 21.' 1 ;. 1:17%. Charley Herr won
first heat tn 2:ln*«. Admiral Symmes third. The
Karl, May Monday and General also started.
Coast Pensioners and Postmasters.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 20.— Pacific Coast
pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Andrew C. Shears,
Valle Vista, $G. Increase — John W. Miller,
Los Angeles, $6 to $12. Original, widows,
etc.— Lucy I. Walker, Fall River Mills,
$12.
Postmasters appointed: Washington—
Cumberland, Skagit County, Frederick
Nolte, vice T. F. Lawson, removed;
Mai-hlas. Snohomlsh County, A. H. Boyd,
vice Albert Sapp, removed.
FAIR PASSENGER
ON A TROOPSHIP
TO THE ISLANDS
Wife of Major Nickerson Carried
to by the Transport
St. Paul.
Eight Hundred Volunteers Awed by the
Presence of a Single Woman
Aboard.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
BY ALICE RIX.
HONOLULU. Aug. 11.— The St. Paul
steamed Into the harbor on the even
ing of August 6 with eight hun
dred men and one woman on board.
In the sensation created by the
landing of the one woman the
eight hundred men passed compara
tively unnoticed.
She was so entirely unexpected that
for all she Is a little woman and light
of foot as thistle down, she came over
the side of the ship like a bomb.
The crowd which gathers to greet
and speed each ship that comes to port
put up its glasses and gasped politely
as petticoats were perceived to flutter
on the deck of the St. Paul. Nobody
knew whose petticoats they were. No
body knew that Major A. H. Nickerson,
who comes to Honolulu as commissary
general to the post to be established
here by Colonel Barber, had asked and
got permission from the War Depart
ment to bring his wife with him. Liv
ing as we do two thousand miles from
a lemon, the first woman who ever
traveled on a troopship had to sail into
port, her journey ended, before we got
the news of her starting.
Thoae in daily touch with telegraph
and cable cannot conceive the sweet
suspense of not perceiving what is hap
pening in the wide, wide world or the
lovely gratification of finally finding
out. Finding out about Mrs. Nicker
son was the most exciting event of the
week. The joys of speculation were
exhausted long before she landed on
Honolulu ground. Speculation was nat
urally limited to the idea that she was
a stowaway.
I met her later in the day at the Ha
waiian Hotel, and she told me how she
happened to take the trip on the troop-
I ship and also how she liked it. She Is
I a Southern woman — '"a Cyarter," as
sht says— with sweet, soft eyes and a
sweet, soft speech, and is related to the
arm/ through brothers, uncles and
cousins first, second and third. Major
Nickerson has been thirty yearc in the
service. Their friends are among the
powers that be and whatever influence
was needed to obtain the necessary or
der could be found, so to speak, in the
family. Major Nickerson was in Chick
amauga and his wife in Washington
at the time of his appointment to the
I Honolulu post, and Mrs. Nickerson
1 made swift preparation to meet her
husband in San Francisco.
"I had the most exciting time getting
ready," she said, "more excitement by
far than I had on the ship. I had no
time at all to begin with, and th^n it
seemed such an odd thing to be doing.
Army women get used to sudden
jumps, you know, but this was a jump
in a new direction. There are my girl
friends in Washington, who were wild
over the idea. They thought it would
be great larks to be the only woman on
board a troopship. I think there wasn't
one of them who wouldn't have gone
in my place, and of course it would have
been girly for a girl."
And Mrs. Nickerson, who is still a
good deal of a girl, herself, smiled se
renely.
"It was the first time the Govern
ment has ever issued a permit to a
woman to sail with troops, isn't it?"
"I think it is. I know no woman
ever did it before. General Merriam
wouldn't hear of it when I got to San
Francisco. He wouldn't recognize the
letter I brought. "I am sorry,' he said,
'but it will be impossible to let you go
on the ship unless I receive a formal
order from the War Department. Major
Nickerson wired to Washington at
once, but there was so little time and
I was afraid of some delay. No one
quite understood it. I was ordered
ashore with other visitors the day the
ship sailed and nearly put off when I
refused to go. And ever ao many of..•the soldiers spoke to me and asked me
if I. knew thai all the otrer ladies were
ioU'the ship. They were all so sort of
|-r incredulous.
" : :'le; was awfully funny. There was a
. ftiati:out on one of the tugs taking/pic
■ tures of, the ship and I was leaning
i.'v. i- the rail looking bade as we put out
•'toward the heads. Tie bay was so
• beautiful and bo gay with all the Hags
: and the cheering and the bands play
• Ins and the handkerchiefs waving, and
.. with) all l have read about how the
■■•. transports have left San Francisco, I
.never imagined it quite as I saw it that
day.,- and to be a part of it made it
setting. The tui was alongside the
ship, and this man who had been tak
. ing. .pictures suddenly discerned me.
..-.His-- expression was the funniest thing
- I ever saw. It darned on him that a
woman was going out on the transport
• and that he hadn't known it, "and that
••.he ought to get a picture of her and,
. oh! a lot of things occurred to him all
•af once. He mad? a scramble for the
hurricane deck and by this time we
wore going pretty fast and the tug was
• pitching along catching the swell and
he was drenched. Of course, I stepped
-Out of range and he waved madly at me
'■":.tp come back. We could see he was
. shouting, but we couldn't hear in that
• wind, and he stood there gesticulating
•and dripping, and the major said,
'You'd better let him get a picture be
.fore he's drowned,' so 1 went back to
. the. rail. He looked so relieved. That
. was. the last face we saw until we
■ reached Honolulu. We did not pass a
• sail.- It was a perfectly eventless trip —
•■except for the novelty of my position.
■ /.You know it was a strange feeling to
• be out on the ocean, far from even the
sight of land, one woman among all
•■ those, men. I couldn't help feeling
queer and conscious. And you've no
■: idea — or at least I had not until I saw
• ...them all together— how many men SOO
• .men are."
.• Mrs. Nickerson laughed. "I mean
. they took such a lot. I used to long
. '.for a woman's face among them. They
• 'seemed to be perishing of curiosity
.'concerning me, too. i kept in my cabin
'. when I wasn't on the hurricane deck
• and the. men used to dawdle by with
. . one- eye turn- 1 in, and whenever I
■ passed along the deck they'd stop talk
.. ing and stare and then whisper and
" look embarrassed and worried if I hap
: peried to glance their way. I suppose
• I seemed as queer to them as I felt. If
.-.there had been three or four others it
■ would have been different. I felt hor
• ribfy in the way, too. I kept hearing
thinks .they said among themselves
'You. know you hear everything on !
• board ship that was never intended for ,
•' my, ears, and I often happened inno
. cently around when I wasn't expected,
..find- brie day I created a frightful com
.. motion by coming out of my cabin just
•as the men were being marched along
-■ to their bath. The major warned me
•/back in time, but the men heard the
. door open or saw a flutter of skirts
■-. ; ,d they broke ranks and rushed for
■.cover, and there was a great flurry on
- .deck.. I had to get out of my cabin
'■'.•anil .the men had to get their baths, so
: they all hid behind some canvas while
...'I r:'in for the hurricane deck. It was :
—.the most absurd performance. After
..-that- their bath hour was changed to
. five o'clock in the morning, and as they
. washed decks at three you can iraag
. Ine!"
."Then it wasn't all romance and ex
■. 'citoment and gay devotion as the girls
■ In Washington thought it would be?"
-. ■ "I'm an old married woman," said
.Mrs". Nickerson.
■' "What did you do for distraction?"
.•:'•: ''Oh, the usual thing one does on
steamers — lounged, read, talked, looked
at living- fish, played with a fox ter
' .fier — oh. yes: and we had an educated
• groat who f-ould tell an officer from a
private and got up on his hind legs
• to salute Colonel Barber — least that's
• .the soldiers' story. Then the men had
mandolins and guitars and banjos and
' -sang for us on deck nearly every night.
THe officers were all perfectly charm
ing. ".They did everything to make the
trip "'agreeable. But you know men in
• their hearts think a, woman Is a sort j
of -nuisance— tT7at^*?_one woman in a 1
crowd of men — no matter how gallant
• they, are.- They feel the restraint, I
Know'! I've had brothers and I've ,
heard their views. I put my steamer
chair off at a discreet distance, and had
; the major arrange for a little separate
.'■ table, and altogether I spared their ;
• feelings as much, as I could."
' * ; I'm sure with that amount of tact
woman on a troop ship ought to be a
bl ess-ing.**;
'"She wouldn't want to be," Mrs.
"Nicki Idedly. "There 'are other
a Infinitely more comfortable that
she can bless. It was fun in a way,
yon know, to be the first woman to
have the Experience and all that,
but," — she hesitated, expressively.
"But?"
"Well," she aaW, laughing, "I've had
it — and I'm satisfied."
CHARGE CONSPIRACY^
TO FREEZE THEM OUT
■.Stockholders of the Selleck Mine,
Mariposa County Bring Suit
in Chicago.
CHICAGO. Ausr. 20. — Suit was
Jir<>ui?ht to-day in the Circuit Court for
•ar. injunction restraining the directors
— W. i:. Selleck, H. Borden and J. A.
"VWntz— .of the Selleck mine in Mari
posa County. California, from enforc
ing a judgment obtained in California
H'-Tiin.st the company. John G. Elliott
■ and J. F. Clapp, the minority stock
• rs, charge in their bill of com
plaint that the three directors are
about to obtain possession of the prop
thmugh an alleged conspiracy to
freeze Jhtm out of their interest. The
■rf complaint states that all the
parties are residents of the State of
Illinois and the complainants seek to
. compel the directors to make an ac
counting of the affairs of the company,
wh/i-ch -they claim is incorporated under
the" laws of this State.
Manila Cable Again in Operation.
"1 .WASHINGTON, Aug. 20. — Major
iGeneral Merritt has notified the War
trtment that the cable from Hong
• k'.hp Co Manila is again in operation.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
through disease overwork, excesses or
indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strength through his new
and original systei i of treatment.
JK I !*'■' ■ ' ■* X cured by his new method,
without knife, truss or detention from
work, a painless, sure and permanent
cure. Vfc IM<'«<« 'K1..83. hydrocele,
Bwelling and tenderness of the glands
tr< ated wit.* unfailing success. 4oni;i.
jgio'ti* l»!o«>4l ponton in any of its
plages thoroughly eradicated from the
By-Ktprh. l,v«tie* will receive special
■ attention for "1 their many ailments.
WRITE if you cannot cai:. No charg-e
for advice by mail. He will also send
you a valuable book. "Guide to Health,"
free of charge. Addross F. L.
■SWEANY, M. D., 737 Market street, San
• Francisco. CaL
NO POMP ATTENDS
THE WEDDING OF
THE REPUBLICS
Ceremonies Brief and Simple,
Concluding With a Salute
to Old Glory.
Bugles Sound "Taps" Over the Symbolic
Grave of Hawaii's Defunct
Nationality.
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
DEPARTMENT OF FOItEIGN AFFAIRS,
HONOLULU, H. 1., August 8, 1898.
Sir: I have the honor to inform you that the ceremony attend
ing the transfer of the sovereignty of the republic of Hawaii to the
United States will take place at noon on Friday, August 12, and
thereupon the powers of the Minister of Foreign Affairs will cease
so far as they relate to the conduct of diplomatic intercourse be
tween Hawaii and foreign states.
The existing customs relations of Hawaii with the United States
and other countries are to remain unchanged until the Congress of
the United States shall have extended the custbms laws, of the Unit
ed States to this country. For this reason Hawaiian Consuls abroad
will continue in the exercise of their official duties. I have the honor
to be, sir, your most obedient servant,
HENRY E. COOPER, Minister of Foreign Affairs.
HONOLULU, Aug. 11.— The foregoing
is the formal notification addressed to
the diplomatic and consular corps in
forming: the representatives of foreign
powers of the demise of the Republic
of Hawaii and of the absorption of its
sovereign independence by the United
States of America.
The ceremonies attending the trans
fer of the sovereignty will, so far as
theii* official character is concerned, be
brief and simple, and the day would
have passed off almost tamely and
quietly had it not been for the strenu
ous efforts of the jingo annexationists
who have practically carried their way
in regard to a grand popular demon
stration which for enthusiasm is pro
jected to be as historical as the im
portant event it will commemorate. It
is useless to speak in detail of the bit
ter words said and printed before the
people were permitted to have a voice
in the celebration, for clamor has won
a victory after a hard-fought contest
with the federal and local authorities,
and by-?ones may as well be buried
with the wails of the Hawaiian mourn
ers in the promise of the resurrection of
hopeful days. #
In brief, the ceremonies will be im
posing and picturesque. In front of the
executive building (the former palace)
will be erected substantial platforms to
accommodate distinguished guests and
Admiral Miller, Minister Harold M.
Sewall, President Dole and the officials.
The National Guard of Hawaii wili pro
ceed to the water front and thence es
cort the United States troops to the
Government building, where they will
mass right and left with the United
States forces facing the building. The
citizens' guards and mounted reserve,
sharpshooters and other organizations
will take up prominent positions around
them and the grounds will be given up
to the people.
The day has been madi a legal holi
day in order to insure a large attend
ance, but the Hawaiians and their
sympathizers have determined to reli
giously, if unwisely, remain absent, all
efforts, pecuniary or otherwise, to in
duce them to participate having igno
miniously failed.
The Hawaiian flag will be lowered to
the air of the Hawaiian national an
them, "Hawaii Ponoi," played by the
Hawaiian band, a salute will be fired
and the bugles will sound "taps" over
the symbolic grave of Hawaii's defunct
nationality. Minister Sewall will read
the authority conveyed in President
McKinley's instructions to him, the
stars and stripes will be unfurled from
the loftiest tower of the State House
with the strains of the "Star-spangled
Banner," rendered by the band of the
Philadelphia, salutes and the flag rais
ing bugle calls. The populace will then
have an opportunity to vent its enthu
siasm with cheers and patriotic speech
es and songs, in which it probably will
be led by Minister Sewall. President
Dole, Minister Cooper and others.
In the evening some tons of fireworks
will be exploded, and at 9 o'clock there
will be a grand reception, followed by
a ball in the halls of the Legislature.
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon the
oaths of allegiance to the United States
will be administered to all the officials
and employes, high and minor, civil
and military, by the heads of depart
ment, and notaries public holding Gov
ernment positions.
This forenoon I had the unsatisfac
tory pleasure of again seeking come
definite information in regard to our
future status from President Dole,
Minister of Foreign Affairs Cooper and
United States Minister Sewall. The
first named two were as unpleasantly
secretive as heretofore on the subject,
maintaining that they were under of
ficial and personal pledges to Mr. Se
wall of absolute secrecy, and they
could not even divulge the slightest ap
proach to information.
Mr. Harold M. Kewall was more talk
ative without transgressing the in
structions he was under to preserve si
lence inviolate until he made the of
ficial announcement he was directed to
make on the morrow by President Mc-
Kinles. He knew that the statement
he waF to make was based almost ex
clusively on the form of the Newlands
resolution of annexation and followed
it implicitly so far as the future tem
porary form of government was con
cerned. There were, of course, de
tails to be mentioned, but the purport
and effect of these it would be im
proper for him to disclose. He might
say that all the present officials of the
Hawaiian Government would remain
in office and conduct the affairs of the
Government on its present lines so far
as it was practicable, but he could not
say what the titles of Mr. Dole or the
other officials would be, or whether
their titles would officially correspond
with those of officials of the United
States transacting duties of a similar
nature, nor could he say what would
be the descriptive title of the country
in descriptive, legislative or legal doc
uments. So fur as the American le
gation was concerned, its name and
present duties would end at noon to
morrow. He himself would remain
here to carry <Mt the instructions con
fided to him iy President MeKir.ley.
The name and o*ities attaching to such
a confidential position could not at
present be discl<VHd.
As to the question of d'izenship. all
in the Government employ would have
to take the customary oath of alle
giance to the UnVted States. In re
gard to others, let that be a matter for
\
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, Ih9B.
future consideration: in many in
stances there would be knotty ques
tions to be solved. There were certain
fixed principles and laws governing
such transfers of sovereignty, and they
were simple, but as regards such per
sons as were neither American nor Ha
waiian citizens the question of citizen
ship would be one for further instruc
tions. The question of a man who had
been an American citizen, but who was
now a Hawaiian, was placed before
him, and the Minister's personal, not
official, impression was that no oath
was, for the present at least, required.
Knowing that Minister Cooper had
transferred the question of compensa
tion to British and other foreign resi
dents for imprisonment during the 1595
affair to Mr. Sewall. I ventured to ask
him to confirm the fact, which he read
ily did. The papers in the matter have
been forwarded to Washington, where
the representatives of the foreign pow
ers concerned will take up the matter.
The probability is that at a convenient
season the precedent of the Japanese
claims will be followed, and in view of
the amicable relations existing between
the United States and the several coun
tries interested, including Great Brit
ain, Germany, Portugal, Greece, Den
mark and Norway and Sweden, they
will be dealt with according to their
merits. The claims made by American
citizens on the same grounds have been
similarly dealt with.
I am informed by reliable authority
that the discussion of these matters
will lead to unpleasant comments of
diplomatic breach of faith on the part
of the Foreign Office of Hawaii, not a
novel charge by any means. It is also
stated by an eminent financier that the
finances of the Government, when ej
perted, will show an " indebtedness be
yond the $4,000,000 agreed to be paid by
the United States of America of up
ward of $250,000.
BOSTONESE BEAT REDS
IN A CLOSE CONTEST
NATIONAL. USAGUB STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— TV. I, Pot.
Boston 63 35 .663 Pitt shur* ...VI S2 JOO
''iivinnatl ..67 40 .62fi. Philadelphia 4S 5] ,480
Baltimore ...62 3S .fi2o! Rrooklyn' ...3S 61 .384
Cleveland ...fil 42 .'.92 j Washington .30 fit .|79
New York ..59 44 .573!L/Ousvi)le 40 66 377
Chicago 56 49 .53315t. I^ouls ...29 77 .274
NEW YORK. Aug. 20.— The Indians had
the game all but won up to tho Giants'
half of the ninth to-day. Then, with two
men on bases, Van Haltren sent a two
bagger into left center field, scoring two
runs and winning the game. Attend
ance, 11,000. Score:
Club- r. h. E.
New York 4 9 \
Cleveland «.. 3 7 3
Batteries— Rusle and *-\Yarner; Powell and
O'Connor. T'tnpl res— Lynch and Andrews.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 20.— The Phil
lies defeated Louisville to-day in a light
hitting game. Platt and Cunningham
pitched excellent ball, but the former had
a shade the better of ' it. Attendance,
3500. Score:
Club— r. h. E.
Louißvllle 0 3 3
Philadelphia 2 4 1
Batteries— Cunningham and Klttredge; Platt
ami McFarland. rmplres— Connolly and Curry.
BALTIMORE, Aug. 20.— Tucker was put
out of the same in the eighth inning for
offensive coaching, after repeated warn
ings. McJames pulled out of several
tight places toward the end. Attendance,
2500. Score.
Club— R. H. E.
Baltimore 3 10 2
St. Louis l 8 i
Batteries— McJames and Clarke; Taylor and
Klnslow. Umpire— Warner.
CHICAGO. Aug. 20.— Griffith was Invin
cible to-day, excepting In the seventh,
when the Brooklyns bunched all their
hitting. Attendance, 3000. Score:
Club— * r. H. E.
Chicago 2 9 1
Brooklyn 13 2
Batteries — Griffith and Donahue; Yeager and
Ryan. - Umpires— McDonald and O'Day.
WASHINGTON, Aug. -The Senators
outplayed the Pirates in both games. In
the first the pitching and fielding won the
game. In the second Donovan was some
what wild, but did good work, while
Rhines was hit hard. Attendance, 1800.
Score: ■•-,■•:
<"*lub— R. H. E.
Washinßton 4 8 1
I'ittshurg 17 1
Batteries— Weyhlng and McGuire; Hastings
and Schriver.
Score, second game:
Club- R. H. E.
Wfishinptnn 6 16 3
I'Mf!«t>urß 4 7 1
Batteries— U'. Donovan and McGufre; Rhinea
an. l Sohrlver. Umpires— F;mslle and Hunt.
BOSTONi Aug. 20.— Despite the fact
I that Willis gave eight bases on balls, the
'■' Champions won to-day's gnme in a close
contest with the Cincinnatis. Nichols
j took Willis' place in the ninth and saved
! the game for the home team. Attend
; ance, 8500. Score:
! Club— R. H. E.
| Boston 2 9 2
Cincinnati 1 4 1
Batteries — Willis, Nichols and Teager;
I Dwyer and Peltz. Umpires- -Gaffney and
I Brown.
1
DROWNED AT MARE ISLAND.
Joseph C. Harding, a Plumber, Falls
From the Adams.
VALLEJO, Aug. 20.— Joseph C. Hard
ing, a resident of this city, was
\ drowned at Mare Island this afternoon.
He was a plumber and was working on
the scuppers of the Adams, when he
I climbed over the side to reach a small
j staging. A life line was maintained at
; this point, but he failed to reach it and
| fell between the staging and ship.
It is believed that he struck his head,
lin falling. Boats from naval vessels
! and Vallejo dragged for the body,
; which was found about two hours later
i and brought to Vallejo. Deceased was
a popular young man and a member of
one of Vallejo's best families.
BEATEN BY
AN ANGRY
HAWAIIAN
J.G. Blame Jr. Misbe
haves in Honolulu.
GROSSLY INSULTED A LADY
HER IRATE HUSBAND GIVES DE
SERVED PUNISHMENT.
The Disgraceful Incident Occurred
at a Swell "Hula" Given at
the Home of a
Native.
HONOLULU, Aug. 11.— The actions of
Captain James G. Blame, who accom
panied one of the recent expeditions
to Manila, while stopping at Honolulu,
have occasioned a great deal of com
ment and much regret is expressed
both by army officers and citizens that
the son of the famous statesman
should so far lose control of himself as
to create a disturbance in a house
where he was a guest.
There are many stories concerning
the riot, the difference in them being
largely due to the fact that every ef
fort was made to suppress the matter,
but it finally leaked out. and the result
is that most of the stories are so wild
as to cause more comment than if the
truth had been openly stated. Some ef
fort was made in fact to induce the
general public to believe that no row
had occurred, but Blame's spoiled face
gave the lie to any such statement.
The story as received from a good
source is as follows: Some of the na
tives In their desire to do everything
for the amusement of their guests ar
ranged for a "hula," a form of diver
sion prohibited by the law. The invi
tation was readily accepted and Blame
was one of the party. In the course of
the evening a few bottles of a native
beverage were produced and as the
bottles became empty the little party
of officers became full. Blame became
particularly hilarious and apparently
got the ida into his head that he owned
the whole of the Hawaiian Islands and
all that breathed therein. He began
casting surreptitious glances at a
buxom Hawaiian woman, and finding
himself unobserved began to display
his feelings more openly and essayed a
few soft embraces for the winning
smiles which were being showered upon
him by the daughter of the sunny isl
ands.
At this point in the proceedings the
husband of the woman became aware
of what was going on and he turned
upon the officer with the fury of a
tiger. He struck the young officer a
blow which stretched him out on the
floor and a fight followed.
The young officer's friends went to
hrs assistance, but the insult of young
Blame to the Hawaiian woman was
too gross for even the peace loving,
good natured natives to overlook, and
the young American guests in whose
honor the entertainment was being
given were thrown out of the residence
and had they not taken to flight and
hid themselves on their transport one
or more of the party might now be oc
cupying graves under the lordly palms
of America's new possessions.
Evening Garden Party at Fairfax.
FAIRFAX, Aug. ££.— The school trus
tees are making preparations for a
garden party, dance and musicale tj be
given next Thursday evening at Fair
fax Villa. The gardens and platform
under the bis laurel will be gayly light
ed with Chinese lanterns and the
music ■will be of the best. As the event
is to be given In the interest of the new
school building a decided financial
success is expected. Among those v\ nn
are interested in the affair are Baron
and Baroness yon Schroeder, Mis.
Green and Mrs. Crooks.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Vrss&ffit*^&^^ The physical exibtence
wlyafflgfeSft of mankind is something
fmSramttlriA c :in account ' n a ledger.
■ 2WJi?B*^« Health on one side — dis-
jßnSlmK^^m ease on the other. All the
i (f ttUS^Ji* tional exercise and sound
sleep go on one side of
the account. It sums up health and
strength. On the other side, are bad air,
poor food, overwork and worry. That foots'
up weakness and disease, ■•v.'-;. ■■ '■■■.
When your appetite or Bleep is disturbed;
when the stomach and liver are not work-
ing properly, or the bowels are not in regu-
lar condition; you are losing vitality and
strength ; figures are going down on the
wrong side of the ledger. Unless this is
stopped and the other side of the account
is built up, you'll soon be a physical
bankrupt. . V '.: ':•■-'-,*
The most profitable account a sick man
can open in his Ledger of Life is with Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery, a
wonderful and scientific tonic which im-
parts a direct and healthy stimulus to the
' entire nutritive organism. It strengthens
; the digestive fluids and the liver, and en-
i ables the blood-making organs to produce
; pure, red, highly-vitalized blood.
It is not a mere temporary exhilarator.
It feeds the constitution with r mine, per-
manent power. It writes big, round sums
! on the health side of the account, and
wipes out the figures of weakness and dis-
' ease. It animates the vital forces and
I builds up healthy flesh, muscular energy
i and nerve-force.
For nearly 30 years Dr. Pierce has been
! chief consulting physician of. the Invalid*'
Hotel and Surgical f Institute, of Buffalo .
N. Y. His formulas are everywhere recog-
nized as the most effective remedies in the
world. : His "Pleasant Pellets" are the
most perfect and scientific cure for consti-
pation ever invented. They are not violent
in their action, but perfectly sure, and at
the same time comfortable.  Their great
reputation has called out a score of imi.,
tations, ■ which druggists ! . sometimes try
i to substitute, but there is nothing "just
! as good."
Dlackheads, Liver Spots, Moth, Tan, Freckles,
Pimples, Eczema treated at the JOHN H.
WOOPBT7RY Institute, 127 West Forty-second
St., New York. Twenty-six years' practical
and successful experience. Send for book on
Skin Diseases. Consultation free. Charges
moderate.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■
THE BOSSES, MISTER MANUFACTURERS
THF POUTFRS I ace has been a boon to shrewd
1 iijl 1 VIV I jl no LU J J BUYERS !
All Have to Be Salesmen Now !
ALL EYES ARE UPON THE BIG STORE—
PRJCES TALK TO=DAY2
SNAP AND
GO TO 'EM.
■
■ ; , - V '/.. ■ \.-V-- -;_ \-i V.-,-
That's what they have—
full of style. The richness of
the tailoring. All of 'em French
faced. Satin piped. You're a
captive when you see 'em. What
pretty patterns! A few more
days like last week will clean
'em out.
These Suits and Overcoats
Monday at
UNLAUNDERED SHIRT SALE!
You Know How We Sell Them.
LOT ONE.
Nearly 500 _^S^
dozen Unlaun- f\^ \\
dered Shirts ill'] , |\
made of the 1 1 ~ -^ |\
celebrated if "-£■*'*** II)
Di right muslin, |)f *■ '** If 1
IGOO-fine linen 1/ v. "^J §
bosoms, full JL '/Xi^v 1
length, r°-en- fj /"■ \p
forced back and i- ""^
front,, patented continuous fac-
ings and gussets. . A shirt worth
double the money.
Special pries. Monday and
Tuesday only, at
39c.
*
LOT X\A/O.
The Best That Money Can Buy or Make.
Our finest Unlaundered Shirts,
1000 dozen, of 'em, made of.
New York Mills muslin, 2200-
fine linen bosoms, band and
wrists, long or short bosoms,
double interlocked sleeves on
shoulder, re-enforced back and
front, barred buttonholes; great
values for shrewd buyers.
Monday and Tuesday at
55c.
MEN'S '
Derby- I? " %: i
Underwear; in jl g*l~ _.
pretty shades of | g^^
baby blue, choc- I Kpi
olate I and nat- \ hyp, »M E J
ural, swell gar- ■ " -kj ■■: ,Ml ;
ments,- regular kITZ^-^J }
mad". , .
A great leader for Monday at
45c.
W T%*
Will pack our store as they have the
past week, and send their friends as
they have there must be merit in
our values.
HAND=IN=HAND .
With the consumer, we never study
what a manufacturer's losses are.
Never have such swell 'garments-
such swell tailoring— placed be-
fore you at such figures.
These Suits and Overcoats Mon-
day at
l« y I /,
&% WHAT TO DO
T^ WITH OUR
Am BOYS!
f. l-\\lc\ DRESS ..
JLJi %V } THEM
IXJU.W NEATLY.
11l /Ia 1 ! Now's your op-
Will J I \Jf portunity.
€M\ / m ' Long Pants
M 7ioy.s' <S ?/ i .' s ,
ill I a s es 12 t0 10
* 2 * aa i I r" years, many
I I' / colorings to se-
VI / / lecb from.
%] /, I . Monday at
fnflnp PERCALE
■■ il I . WAISTS.
I ! ; 5 o»6> dozen
500 dozen
Al \ iILJ Boys' Percale
FTTH? lil-ll Waists, in neat
ILLLui 11 1 lli blue stripes and
pretty plaids.
A Monday morning leader at
18c.
3 11-13-15 KEARIMY ST.
Marking 'Em
Down !
Lively days in i;
i>ur Boys' De- . d^JsCttSi ■
parinvent.
The Swellest .
of Reefer Suits SSf^gg
—deep sailor H^f^T--^ 11 * 8 *
collar, prettily »§Plt~%^
braided. Rich f\p^C\\r ?
patterns in f\F j\^j
double-breasted k^jji *f£
style for the W\\ ° j
elder child. TTYTX'V
New fall styles. yJ^X 'Jsf
Clothes that fit; ' ||| p ||f
and all ars )< f T^w
suits that sold <^r\g
for $3.50 to $4.
Ages 4to 15 years. Monday at
$1.95.
5 / IF FVER
©k i^^Vvvj?^ There was a
HMfJP^^^M^ manufacturer's
y^W^mJjl loss it's right
here. Whenyou
o^^§w!s? can purchase $5
I M^wr \ to $8 values at
("a **%n \ this price no
I (I *il° -J time ought to be
\^d ifL 3 considered.
Yv^v^\ Such pretty
W f in\ Reefers, such
lift! f / li)r} pretty Middies,
ffli^B^ such pretty long .
t' ! Mß|f pants Military
y^^ Reefer Suits, an
fLvl^si* endless variety
& of styles, ages 3
to 16 years. Monday at
tf)O«OO*
ENGLISH CORDUROYS.
* ■. * Boys' Kne&
Pants in Eng-
lish Corduroys,
patent Excelsior
D a 1, iv aisi bands, all
Pants in Eng-
lish Corduroys,
patent Excelsior
wrtisi bands, all
ages, our regu-
\ lar $1 value.
U Here's a lead-
™» er: Monday at
58c.
34
LANDSDALE LANDS
IN FRONT AGAIN
Captures a Handicap in
Fast Time.
SURPRISES AT AQUEDUCT
EVERETT ON THREE WINNERS
AT HAWTHORNE.
Skate Belies His Name on the St.
Louis — John Boone and
Rifle Reward Their Back
ers Handsomely.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Aug. 20.-Maher's following at
improved horse, running he mile and a six
teenth handicap in flue styie.
First race, selling, el* furlongs:
"-.~^r^rt~Welßht."Jockeyß.l %• %■ Str. Fin.
iHiSis i | |.|
Stachelberg, 109 ...... E- J°" es 3 10 H__
Time. 1:15 2-5. Won cleverly. Second and
•Favorite.
Second race, selling, three-year-olds, one
mile: ______ .
"karne and Wt. Jockeys. %■ *• %. Sir. Fin.
•Woodranger. 105... James 1 1 1 1 H
p. Chambray, 104.. Maher | 2 2 2 2 3
Fenetta, 97 Moody 3 3 3>3 3
H. the Great, 105- Coy lie 4 * * * *
' Time, 1:43 1-5. Won handily. Second driving.
T fau S lTito y odds-Even. 6 to 5 and 4 to 1.
Track oddß-4 to 5, 7 to a and 5 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, Belling, two-year-olds, five fur
longs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. | H. %. Str.Fln.
Althea,. 1(0 -.../..":.;.. I James 0 11 11 11
Mall Bag. 106 Moody j 0 0 0 2
Fassaic, IOC ...Songer 2 2 2 3
Loch Fyne. 101 O'Connor I^3o
Lady Scarlet. 101 E. Jonea 3 o__o 0_
"Time, L:O2 2-5. Won handily. Second and
th 'Sarony V lo4*/ Jim Byrne 104 and Little Reggie
I °BMMallto l oddß-a to 1. 5 to 1 and 3 to 1.
Sau?alito odds-3 to 1. 5 to 1 and 3 to 1.
Track odd*— 4 to 1, 7 to 1 and 11 to 6.
' 'Favorite.
Fourth race, handicap, mile and a sixteenth:
' Nan,.- and ■ Wt. Jockeys.l \}£. %■ -%• Srr. Fin.;
Landsdale. 103 ..O'Connor 2 II 3 1
llossifer, 97 ]•:. Jones 1 111 1 2
•Campania. 98 Maher » 2 -__± l_
Time, I:4S. Won cleverly. Second and third
dr sly DFOXD FOX 120 and Brighton 102 also ran.
Sausalito elds— to 1, 5 to 1 and even.
Track odds— to 1, 6 to 1 and 6 to 0.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, maiden two-year-olds, five and
a half furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. H. \. Str. Fin.
Bomers, 110 ....... ....o"L«ar» 0 0 0 lh
Heroics. 107 ...• Co- lie 0 0 0 2
•Meddlesome, 110 Maher 1113
Improvident. 110 Songcr 2 2 2 0
Bister Fox, 107 Llttlefleld 3 3 3 3
Time, 1:09 1-5. Won driving. Second and
1 Carrier 110" Sublet 110. Dr. Fltzsimmons 110.
Seraphic 107, Nike 1"7 and Subject 107 also ran.
Sausalita ouds— 6 to 1. 6 to 1 and 3 to 2.
Track oods— 7 to 1. 6 to 1 and 6 to a.
•Favorite.
Sixth race.' Belling, one mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. %■ H- %• Str.Fln.
•Vanessa, 101 Maher 0 3 3 3 1
*""lnir<* 108 ..Cunningham 1 11111 hz
Athy. 101 liergen 0 0 0 0 3
]>ehride. 109 Spencer 3 0 0 2 0
H. Triest, M. Cunningham 2 2 2 0 0
Time. 1:43 1-6. Won cleverly. Second and
third driving.
Squan 98 and James Monroe 103 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 3 to 2, 3 to 2 and 15 to 1.
Track odds— s to 2. 7 to 6 and 40 to 1.
•Favorite.
OLD O'CONNELL AT HAWTHOENE
The Ancient Becord-Breaker Beats
Paul Griggs a Whisker.
CHICAGO, AUK. 20.— O'Connell, with 116
r^indp up and ''Skeeta" Martin to pilot him.
beat the pray ghost. Paul GrigKS. a nose in
fast time at Hawthorne to-rlay. The latter had
not b.^on out In months and O'Conneil had not
faced a barrier in many weeks himself. Everett
rode three of the winners, doing by far the best
pigskin work of the day. Dr. Shepard's was a
very fast win.
First race, purse, seven furlongs:
Name and Wt. Jockeys.) %. %. %. Str.Fln.
•Dr Pneprvrd, Ws..Turner| 11111
Storm King, 112 Ellis; 2 2 2 2 2
Eddie Jones. K'S. . . .Thorpe| 0 0 3 3 3
IXnna Kita, 110.. Everett! 3 3 0 0 0
Osmon. IPS Akerj 0 0 0 0 0
Time, 1:28. Won handily. Second and third
drl'. Ing.
Bausallto odds— Even, 8 to 1 and 4 to L
Trar-k odds—) to 10, 10 to 1 and 5 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, purse, one mile:
b and Wt. Jockey. V X- %. Str. Fin.
John Bright, ICC. Everett 0 0 2 2 \Vi
L Ellerslie. S-S.McN'lehols Hi 1 1 «4 1% 2
•Bannn.'khurn. 106. Martin I 2 2 3 3 3
St. Alfonses D. 92..Holden< 3 3 0 0 0
Time, 1:41%. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving. •
Bliss Rucker 92 and Lady Callahan 94 also
ran.
Bausalito odds — 4 to 1, 3 to 1 and 3 to 5.
Track odds— s to 1, 7 to 2 and 3 to 5.
•Favorite.
Third race, Moryon Park stakes, selling, two
year-olds, five furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys, j V,. %. Str. Fin.
•Ailyar, 10S W. Martin 0 2 IV4 1 3
•Espionage, l f >2 H. Martin 3 0 0 2
-. 101 McN'icholsl 2 3 2 3
Excursion. 106 Thorpe. 1 14 0 0
Boney Boy. 109 Rutteri 0 0 3 0
Stamina. 104 T. ReMtj 0 0 0 0
Time, 1:01%: "Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Sausallto odds— 6 to 5, 6 to 5 and 6 to 1.
Track odds— l 3to 10, 7to 5 and Bto 1.
•Favorite.
fourth race, selling, six furlongs: •:•>-• -I'i
Name and Weight. Jockeys. j »£. %. Str. Fin.
O'Connell. 116 H. Martin 1 1 1 Ins
•Paul Griggs. 110.. W. Martin 0 0 0 2
Abe Furst. 113 Everett 2 2.2 3
Dlggs, 110 Holden 0 0 3 0
Libertine. 110 ......H. Shields 3 3 0 . 0 ,
Time. 1:14*4. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Loyaletta 102, Neutral 107 and Joe Manclnl
107 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 6 to 1, even and 4 to 1.
Track odds— to 1, 7to 5 and sto 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, short course, steeplechase:
Proverb, 14S (Eggerson) 1
Michael G, 130 (J. Burns)... 2
Troll. 127 (McAullfCe) '. 3
Time, 3:29H- Won easily by eighth lengths,
second by four lengths. • .
•Orderly 131, Jersey Lad 130 and Hercules 151
.also ran. . ... ,■ /..
Sausalito odds— to 1, 10 to 1 and 4 to 1.
Track odds— l to 1, IB to 1 and 6 to 1.
•Favorite. .
Sixth race, selling, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys, hi- %. Str. Fin.
Lone Princess, 102... '.Everett 0 8 2 12
Reuben Rowett. 107... Jenkins- 0 0 0 2
Bryan 104 McNlchols 118 1h 3
The Tory, 107 .... '..........A1ter BXBO
Vice Regal, 104 McCann' 20 0 0
Time, 1:15)4- Won easily. Second and third
driving.
•Jew? Lilman 107 left at post. Little Singer
102. Warren Point 104, Treopia 107 and Gov.
Pheehan 107 also ran.
SausaHto odds— 3 to 1, 12 to 1 and 5 to 1.
Track odds— 4 to 1, 12 to 1 and 6 to L
•Favorite.
Seventh race, selling, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. H- %• Str. Fin.
La Prlncessa, 102 Everett 11 11 11 13
•Lonetta. 102 H. Martin 3 3 2 2
Sir Tenny, 107 Jenkins 2 2 3 3
Time, 1:1544. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Lizzip Miles 102, Amanda 102. Scornful 104,
King Dance 104, Brother Fred 104, Lames 104,
Henry Ormsby 107 and Golden Rod 107 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 2V4 to 1, 3 to 2 and 10 to 1.
Track odds— 3 to 1, 7 to 2 and 20 to 1.
•Favorite.
♦
JOHN BOONE AND RIFLE
Severely Shock the Form Figurers at
the St. Louis Track.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 20.— Tommy Burns fully
recompensed his admirers to-day for his poor
work of yesterday, putting three good win
ners over the plate this afternoon, one being
Tulla Fonso in the Isabella stakes. The fastest
run race of the day was that captured by Imp.
Skate. He ran six and a half furlongs In
1:20% with 9S pounds vp — a great showing.
John Boone and Rifle were the surprises of the
afternoon.
First race, purse, one mile:
~Name and Wt. Jockeys.! V - & %. Str. Fin.
•Libation 93 ....T. Burns*! 0 8 2 2 .lh
Llbble, 91 .. . .Harshberger 0 0 3 8 2
I The Planet, 107. .Southard 1 12 12 11 S
Perf 106 M. Dunn 2 2 0 0 0
Forsythe, 104 ..McDonald 8 0 0 0 0
i Time, 1:4214. Won driving. Second and third
! same.
! Charles P 106, Judge Steadman 106, Ransom
! 106, Briggs 104, Dora G 91 and Coreel 91 also
i ran.
Sausallto odds— 3 to 2. 2 to 1 and 6 to 1.
Track odds— 9 to 6. 8 to 6 and 7 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, purse, mile and a half:
Name and Wt. Jockeys.} %. %. %. Str. Fin.
Rifle, 100 Gllmore 0 0 0 0 1%
Fresco 101 M. Dunn 2 8 2 1h 2
Otto H 102 McDonald 3 0 8 8 3
Mrs Bradshaw. lOO.Houck 11 11 11 2 0
•I 1 of India. 102.... 8 urns 0 0 0 0 0
Foncliff. 102 Bloss 0 2 0 0 0
.T. Bradley. Kg.Harshn'gerj 0 0 0 0 0
j nine, 2:3Sft. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Sausalito odds— 6 to 1. 8 to 1 and 4 to L
Track odds— 7 to 1, 7 to 1 and 5 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, handicap, all ages, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys.) %. %. Str. Fin.
I John Boone, SO Houckj 3 111
•Oath, 110 McDonald 12 2 2
Sea Lion. 95 T. Bums 0 3 3 3
Silver Set, 104 Lines] 2 0 0 0
Time, 1:144. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Be True 85, Fleeting Ray 86 and Mona B 80
also ran.
Sausalito odds— 6 to 1, 6 to 5 and 3 to 2.
Track odds— ti to 1, 7 to 5 and 8 to 5.
•Favorite.
Fourth race. Isabella stakes, two-year-olds,
five and a half fortongg;
"same and Weight. Jockeys. %. %. Str. Fin.
♦Tulla Fonso. 105.... T. Burns 112 2 12
Hope, 106 McDonald 2 11112
Bidtllla, 98 T. Burns! 3 3 4 3
Rosle Burke, 90 Kane < 4 3 4
Time, 1:08%. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Sausalito odds— 3 to 6, 3 to 2 and 12 to L
Track odds— 7 to 10, 7 to 5 and 7 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, pursp. one mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeys.! '4- H- %. Str. Fin.
Buckvldere, 107. McDonald' 1 1 1 1112
: .ila. 96 Lines 3 3 3 3 2
rlsty, 104 Burns 4 4 4 4 3
: ; H .th-reall 2 2 2 2 4
! Time. 1:41. Won easily. Second and third
In*.
Saupalito odds— 2Vt to 1, 3 to 1 and 3 to t
Track odds— s to 2, 7 to 2 and 7 to 2.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, selling, six and a half furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys, j H- %. Str. Fin.
Imp. Skate, 99 T. Burnsj 0 0 3 1
•Verify, 100 McDonald' 11111 2
Watchmaker, 102 Qllmore 2h 2 2 8 I
Nick Carter, 102 Linesi 3 0 0 0
& rrow. 92 Hothersall' 0 3 0 0
!• Time. 1:20%. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
bong John 10S, Disturbance 102, Lottie Mills
101 and Resolute OR also ran.
Sausalito odds— 2^ to 1, 2 to 1 and 8 to L
Track odds— 2 to 1, 2 to 1 and i to L
•Favorite.
Royal Salute Wins a Stake.
DETROIT, Aug. 20.— Weather pleasant; track
good.
First race, six furlongs— Can I See 'Em won,
Zanetto second, Mamie Callan third. Time,
1:15%.
Second race, five furlongs— Lizzie Kelly won,
Al Siral second, By George third. Time,
1:03%. . -■■m;t : -
Third race, six furlongs— Utopia won, Fili
buster second, Ideal Beau third. Time, 1:15.
Fourth race, the Hotel ."takes, $1000, for
two-year-olds, five I and , a half j furlongs ßoyal
Salute won, Oakmaid second. Triune third.
Time. l:09»4. '
Fifth race, one — Deyo won. Tusculum
second. Pope Leo third. Time. 1:42%.
Sixth race, steeplechase, short — Popu
list won, Last Fellow second, St. Ives third.
Time, 6:44.
ENTRIES FOR THE STATE
FAIR RUNNING STAKES
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 20.— The following !
are the entries for the running- stakes at
the State Fair. The remainder of the
running programme will be announced on
September 1:
Xo. I—The1 — The Vinetor stake; for three- year-olds !
and upward, one mile — Hums & Waterhouse's '
b. c. Marplot, Ward Adams' eh. g. Lomu, Man- !
gan Brothers' b. C El Moro, C. A. Hoffman's i
b. h. Gilead, Dillon & Lyon's b. h. Scarbor- !
ough, Dillon & Lyon's b. g. Harry Thoburn,
W. M. Murray's b. g. Buckwa.
No. 2 — The Dewey selling stake; for three
yrar-oliis, six furlongs — George Covlngton's b.
c. Carbineer, Burns A Waterhouse's b. c. Mar
plot, Burns & Waterhouse's eh. f. Miss Row*
ena, A. J Stemler's b. c. Arbaces, Ward
Adams' br. f. Averlne, W. Fisher's eh. g. I'lan,
J. ,\! ■Manus' b. r.- Charles le Bel, ManKan
Brothers' b. c. El Moro, Hoffman & Co.'s eh.
g. Stole James Conway's br. g. Moringa, W.
Gardner's b. f. Losette, R. Hughes' eh. f. Hi
mora. W. M. Murray" a rh. g. Raclo, W. M.
Murray's rh. g. Barney Schreiber. Stanfleld's
eh. f. Valenclenne, Sunset Stable's eh. h. High
land Ball.
No. 3— The Capital City stakes; a handicap
for three-year-olds and upward, one mile and a
fnrlong — Burns Ai Waterhouse's eh. h. Colonel
Wheeler, Burns & Waterhouse's b. m. Shasta
Wat>r, Burns & Waterhouse's b. c. Marplot.
A 3 Stemlor's b. c. Arbaceß, Joseph Harvey's
eh m. Wheel of Fortune, C. A. Hoffman's b. h.
Gilead, J. A. Mathew's b. m. Olive, W. Gard
ner's eh h. "999," Dillon & Lyon's b. h. Scar
borough. l>Hlon & Lyon's b. g. Harry Tho
liiirn W. M. Murray's b, g. Buckwa. W. M.
Murray's eh h Cromwel!, Owen Brothers', b.
)'i Grady, J. H. Shields' eh. h. Joe Terry, Sun-
Bet Stable's b. g. Los Prietos.
No. 4. the Favorite stake; handicap for
three-year-okls and upward, one and a quarter
miles— Burns <t Waterhouse's b. c. Marplot,
Joe Harvey's eh. m. Wheel of Fortune, C. A.
B n'a b. b. OUead, J. H. Mnthews' b. m.
Olive W. P. J:'hns. >n's eh. h. Vishnu, Dillon
& Lyons' b. h. Scarborough. W. M. Murray's
b. g. Buckwa, W. H. Murray's eh. h. Crom
well. Owen Br<H.' n. h. Grady.
No. r>, the Sunny Slope stakes; for two-year
old fillies, five furlongs— Burns & Waterhouse's
eh f Bonibel, Hums & Waterhouse's dx. f.
Midlove Miss Ethel King's eh. f. Good-by: J.
McManus' br. f. CroF^molina. R. Hughes' b.
f. Modwena, R. Hughes' eh. f. Ann Page. W.
M. Murray's b. f. Cleodora. Dr. M. J. Collins'
eh. f. Madgelenas, Roland & Maley's eh. f.
Ocorona.
No. 6, the California annual stake; for two
yp.-ir-okls, six furlongs— Burns & Waterhouse's
br c Obsidian, Burns it Waterhouse's eh. f.
Midlove, Dr. J. W. O'Rourke's b. c. Rainier.
Charles A. Fuchs" b. c. Alcatraz, Dillon &
Lyons' blk. c. Feversham. R. Huphes' eh. f.
Ann I'aee, R. Hughes' b. f. Jennie Reid. W. M.
Murray's b. f. Cleodora, W. M. Murray's br.
c. Casdale, H. E. Cassidy's b. c. by Midlo
thian rtam Charity. Roland & Maley's eh. f.
Ocorona, Sunset Stable's b. c. Limewater.
No. 7, the autumn handicap; for two-year
olds, one mile— Burns & Wnterhouse's br. c.
Obsidian. Burns & Waterhouse's eh. f. Mid
lev.-, Dr. .1. W. O'Rourke's b. c. Rainier,
Charl*s A. Fuchs' b. c. Aioatraz. W. Gardner's
eh. z- Gilt Edge, Dillon & Lyon's blk. c.
Feversham. R. Huphes' b. f. Modwena W. M.
Murray's b. f. Cleodora, W. M. Murray's br.
c. Casddle. J. H. Shield's eh. g. Correct. Ro
land & Maley's eh. i. Ocorona, Sunset Stable's
b. c. Limewater.
No. B— The Shafter selling stakes; for maiden
two-year-olds at time of closing, six furlongs-
Burns & Waterhouse's eh. f. Midlove, Burns &
Waterhouse's b. g. Napian. Joseph Sullivan's
b. g. The Miller. A. J. Btemler's b. f. Illumi
nating. W. Fisher's eh. c. Buck Taylor, ,J. Mc-
Ivlanus' br. f. Crossmolina. Mrs. T. H. Boyle's
b. f. Raveleau, W. Gardner's eh. k. Gilt Edge,
P. K. Jones' b. c. Nilgar. Dillon & Lyons' blk.
c. Feversham, R. Hughes' b. f. Jennie Raid
W. M. Murray's br. c .Casdnle. J. H. Shields'
eh. g. Correct, Roland & Maley's b. t. Car
manita.
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths, North Beach. 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1898.
DUPLISSEN WINS
IN SINGLE SCULL
Will Bring the Portland
Trophy Home.
BEAT LAST YEAR'S CHAMPION
ACHIEVES A VICTORY UNDER
DISADVANTAGES.
Little South-Ender Carried on Stal
wart Soldiers — Alex Pape
Takes the Senior Skiff
Race.
Bpectal Dispatch to The Call.
ASTORIA, Or., Aug. 20.— The second |
day of the great Astoria regatta opened
to-day with the weather clear and the
atmosphere somewhat warm. Scarce
ly a ripple was perceptible on the race
course, and outside of a strong flood |
tide the conditions were excellent for |
the aquatic contests. It is estimated
that fully 40,000 people witnessed the
different events. The course was lit
erally alive with craft and a grander
regatta scene was never before wit
nessed on this coast.
After preliminary races between In
dian canoes. Chinamen and men-of
war gigs, etc., Alex Pape of the Dol
phin Club, Dr. Dennis of the South i
Ends and Coney Ochs of the Pioneers !
lined up for the senior skiff race. Pape
had the outside position, Ochs the cen- !
ter and Dennis the inside. The latter
course was much the better, as by hug
ging the shore one could dodge the
strong tide. At the report all got away
to an even break, but Pape rowing a
38-to-the-minute stroke, soon took the j
lead, with Ochs right at his stern. Den
nis had planned to row an easy race
to the stakes and with a slow stroke j
he kept about four lengths behind the
leader. The Pioneer and Dolphin men !
were working hard in the row up and ;
at the turn they were around together,
both turning the same buoy. Ochs hit
his outrigger against the stake boat
and lost a little time by his oar flying
out the rowlock. By the time Dr.
Dennis had turned, Pape was nearly
seven lengths ahead of all, with Ochs
second and the South Ender third. The |
latter let himself out in the row home
and soon passed Ochs and cut down !
Pape's lead considerably. The former I
was too fast, however, and crossed the t
line a good four lengths ahead of the
South Ender, with Ochs badly dis
tanced. Time, 13:62.
The greatest event of the day was
the single scull race for the Portland
trophy, valued at $125 and emblematic
of the Pacific Northwest single scull
championship. The entries included
G. J. McCommon and J. Patent of the j
Portland Rowing Club, G. Alexander j
of the Vancouver Boat Club and Frank
Duplissea of the South End Rowing
Club of San Francisco. The northern ,
scullers are the fastest oarsmen in this ;
section, and J. Patent of the Portland
Rowing Club won last year's champion
ship trophy in the singles. Outside of
young McCommon, who is only a little
more than a boy, the San Francisco lad
looked a midget alongside of his large
and muscular opponents. He rowed a
paper shell, which is somewhat slower (
than the cedar boats of his opponents, ;
and sat in it for the first time in his
life during the race. This is a great
disadvantage, as a shell has to be
rigged just to suit the rower or little
speed can be got out of the boat.
Only three of the original entries
lined up, the Vancouver sculler with
drawing at the last moment. This left
Duplissea to row against the two Port
land men. The latter won the toss for
positions and took the outside and in
side course, leaving the middle station
for the California boy. The latter got
the lead, getting off before the pistol
cracked, with McCommon second and ■
Patent third, all well bunched. Half
way to the stake Duplissea and Me- i
Common gained two lengths on the f
last year's champion, and held this to
j the turn. McCommon quit here, and
I Patent made the turn and was after
j the South Ender, rowing a 36 stroke.
; Duplissea's ripht arm hurt him con
! siderably in the race, but he pluckily
! kept on rowing, and finished amid a j
hot finish and terrific uproar two
lengths ahead of the best sculler in the
Northwest. He will bring to San Fran-
Cisco an annual trophy the winning of
which is the pride of every oarsman in j
the north. Time, 13:42 2-5.
Duplissea was carried shoulder high ■
after the race through the streets to
his hotel. He is considered th<* great
est sculler that ever rowed in this sec
tion. His victory is all the more merit
ed from the fact that yesterday was j
the first time he sat in a shell for
a year, while his opponents had been
training for months for the .contest.
After this event the people of Astoria
were anxious to see the Alameda crew
pitted against the Vancouver four, who
defeated the Portland four in the regat
ta yesterday for the championship of j
the Northwest. It was simply an ex- ,
hibition race, and was scheduled to be I
barge against shell. The water was
found too rough for the shell in the af
ternoon, so both crews rowed barges,
the Vancouver four rowing the South
End boat, with George McGrill as
cockswain. The race was a three-quar- ,
ter mile straightaway. The water was j
quite choppy when the crews started, I
and both were well filled before the
finish was reached. The Vancouvers
never rowed a barge before, but were
at home in the boat when they pulled
a few strokes, as their style of rowing
is similar to the barge system. The
Alamedans kept up half a boat's length
lead from the start, and both crews
were rowing beautifully and just tear
ing through the waves, which threat
ened to swamp them at any minute.
Near the finish the South End cockswain
called for a spurt from the Vancouvers,
and quickening their stroke they fairly
led the boat out of the water. Both
\vs crossed the line in a dead heat
c. The Alameda barge swamped
t as the line was passed,
he personnel of the Vancouver four
R. Watts, stroke- T T. O. Alexander,
3; E. Wragg, No. 2; and R. Spinks,
The California oarsmen left Astoria
by to-night's train for their city, and
have nothing but congratulations to
offer the Astorians for the treatment
they received while here.
F. M. Gunn, owner of the Hotel Mur
ray, where the rowers stopped, was
presented with a souvenir by the Call
fornians for his kind treatment.
S. J. Pembroke of San Francisco was
warmly thanked by the rcpatta com
mittee of Astoria for his efforts in
bringing the Californians up here.
Among the San Franciscans at the
regatta were: Miss L. Butz, Miss J. F.
Ward, Mr. and Mrs. Finn, Mrs. Peter
son,, Fred Bailey, J. Hadenfeldt, Syd
Weinsbuok, Sydney Soule and Louis
Miller.
The Astoria regatta committee de
cided to-night that the Alameda crew
outrowed the Vancouver shell crew in
the exhibition race to-day, and have
given them medals bearing the inscrip
tion, "Champion Crew of the Pacific
Coast." Their time was faster in the
barge over a mile and a half course
with a turn than the Vancouver's fours
in a mile and a half straight-away
race.
THE FAVORITES
WON HANDILY
Long Courses Tested
Dogs of Quality.
THE BETTING WAS LIVELY
GRASSHOPPER EASILY BEAT
CHILI PEPPER.
Contests That Should Attract Large
Crowds of Leashmen to the
Coursing Parks
To-Day.
It has been some time since coursing
enthusiasts witnessed such sport as oc
curred at Union Park yesterday after
noon. With few exceptions, where the
result was never in doubt, the courses
were close and exciting and greatly en
joyed by those who had the good for
tune to be present.
The Bhort-enders did not fare very
well, as it was favorites' day; but a dif
ferent order of affairs may result to-day,
as the crackajacks will meet in the slips,
and winners will not be easy to select.
Sweet Lips did not appear in time to
meet her opponent, and Rich and Artless
had a bye in consequence.
Lissak ran well yesterday and bowled
over the favorite, Magic, rather easily.
Chartist, for some reason, has been run
ning very poorly for several weeks, and
yesterday he did not score a single point
in his race with Glenstone. He should be
granted a leave of absence from the Held
to recuperate, or traineu properly.
Seldome, formerly known as The Turk,
surprised the judges of form by giving
Commodore a good beating. The last
named dog was 2 to 1 favorite. Maud S
ran a sharp and snappy race with Glen
wood, and should give a good account
of herself to-day.
Much interest was manifested in the
race between Grasshopper and Chili Pep
per. The hot stuff dog was made a fa
vorite in the betting, but Grasshopper
was out for glory and defeated his op
ponent rather easily in a long race.
Rosette ran unaided by Rosebud, a
young bitch, who did not attempt to fol
low the hare when slipped. j
Some of the bettors played Daisy Hill, I
a 1 to 10 shot, against Firm Friend, be- j
cause she happened to beat Mialmo last I
Sunday at Intfleside. But Daisy wasn't i
in It from start to finish, still t inn
Friend ran much slower than usual, the
hare escaping. Belle of Seville neatly dis
posed of Wlklflower, although the latter
was a good favorite a>t 2Vs to 1.
Close attention was paid to suspicious i
characters by detectives employed by the
association for the purpose of uneartli
injr. if possible, any attempt that may
have been made by gambling fiends who
have been known to "doctor ' dogs. Some j
of those vandale who are marked as de
stroyers of the *port were conspicuous
by their absence.
As will be seen by a glance at the pro
gramme of to-day, there are several hot
races between high class dogs on the
tapis.
The result of yesterday's coursing is ap
pended:
Open stake, first round— Cavalier beat White
Lily; Rich and Artless a bye; Moonlight beat
Correct; Lissak beat Magic; Olenstune beat
Chartist; Mira Monte beat Juliet; Forget beat
Morning Glory; Sir John Arnot beat Highland
Ball; Lord Hyron beat Golden Gate; Kuyal
Buck beat Minerva: Van Knapp beat Little
Doubt; Seldom beat Commodore; Theron beat
Wayfarer; Maud S beat Glenwood; Kosette
boat Rosebud; Orafshopp.?r beat Chill Pepper;
Myrtle beat Capadura; Mountain Beauty beat
Precita Girl; Miller's Maid Mat Sylvanlte;
Bondigo beat Elmer G: Uendnlong beat Ca
milla; Douglas beat J--nnl.- Wlls.n; Wlnofta
Beat I'Ptronluß, Firm Friend beat Daisy Hill;
Belle of Seville beat WiMnrtwer; Magnet n^at
Defender; O'Grady beat Daisy Deane; Black
Pattl hent Artipahoe; White Wings beat Tic
Tuc; Metallic beat Dr. Norman.
INGLESIDE COURSING.
A Big Crowd Sees Some Hot
Work With the Hounds
and Hares.
Two thousand people went out to Ingle
side yesterday and saw some of the hot- j
test coursing ever put on a sward. The •
talent got it in the neighborhood of col- |
lars, and had to take it. The running !
■ was confined to the first round of the '
'non-winner stake. The same stake will i
open events to-day, and the champion j
contest will follow.
The work was uneventful. It was a I
day for short ends, but none were alarm- !
ingly short. The results were as follows: j
L. S. Coiiley heat Clifton Las*; Heßther Bell |
beat Glen Ohloe; Victor Queen beat La Julve; |
Burlington beat Bill Nye; Pacific Queen beat j
Hazel Glen: Beauty beat Nelly B: Captain j
Morse beat Palmer Hill; Lottie M beat Mis
sion Tip; Persimmons beat Masterpiece ; Miis- I
ter Mat beat Miss Perkins; Lee Boy beat Chi- ,
quita; Royal Oak beat Mystic; Liberty beat
Reliable; Sprig 'o Hill beat Decorator; Decency j
beat Emerald: Systematic beat Belle of Mos
cow; Campania beat Fair "Ww; Matchless j
beat Marjorie; Theul Stevens b«at Miss Alice; i
Little Dorrltt beat Phoebe; Dakota brat Fire-!
ball; Victor Chief beat Our Boy; Liberty Bell i
beat San Mateo; Monitor beat Statesman;
Santa Bella bent Innisfallen; Tullamore beat
Damsel; Counterfeit beat Chit Chat; Sllkwood
beat Plr Walter; Mona beat Little Delight; j
Poubrette beat Dauntless; Gladys Pasha beat
Kerry Gow; Hobsnn beat Loralne; Sylvia beat
Lanky Bob; Hattie beat Rush o' Hill; News
boy ran a bye; Las Palmas beat St. Nicholas.
The running: at Inglestde to-day will I
open at 10 o clock with the ties of the
stake already run. The champion con
test will follow.
SARATOGA RESULTS.
Matanzas Wins the Grand Union Ho-
Tel Stakes.
SARATOGA, N. V., Aug. 20. -The largest at
tendance of the meeting graced the races at
Saratoga to-day. The feature of the day was
the Grand Union Hotel stakes of $4000, which
brought out eight two-year-olds, of which Mat
ansas was the favorite. The start wan a good
one, but inside of three furlongs Matanzas
seized the advantage and led home. Sum
maries:
First race, selling, one mile:
George B. Cox, 108 (Clawson), even 1
Jackanapes 105 (T. Sloan), 6 to 5 and 2 to 5.. 2
Filament. 108 (A. Barrett), 5 to 1 8
Time, 1:46%.
Nearest came In second but was disqualified
for fouling.
Second race, selling, seven furlongs:
Manama*. 114 (T. Sloan), 4 to 5 1
Banquo 11. 112 (VanHuren), 6 to 2 and 4 to 6.. 2
Oxnard. 103 (Clawson), 6 to 1 8
Time, 1:32.
Protus also ran.
Third race, Grand Union Hotel stakes, six
furlongs :
Matanzas, 119 (T. Sloan), 7 to 5 l
Klnley Mac. 122 (Clawson), 15 to 1 and 5 to 1.. 2
Mantle. V 2 (A. Barrett), 8 to 1 3
Time, 1:19.
Mat! mas, Frohslnn, Kentucky Colonel, Gala
had and Lady Lindsay also ran.
Fourth race, six furlongs:
Rardella, US (T. Sloan), 2 to 1 1
Mareo, 122 (A. Barrett). 2 to 1 and 3 to 5 2
Lord Genl. 122 (Knapp). 7 to 1 J 3
Time. 1:19.
Estaca and Flavlus also ran.
Fifth race, two miles, handicap, hurdles:
Forget, 150 (Cochran), 4 to 6 1
Marshall. 1.".5 fSlnck), 7 to 5 and out 2
Iranian, 133 (Wynn), « to 1 3
Time, 4:14.
Iranian fell near the seventh hurdle but
afterward went over the course.
Stake for Charlotte M.
ANACONDA, Aug. 20.— First race, four and a
half furlongs, selling— Toriblo won, Punter sec
ond, Little T G third. Time, :6«H.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, selling—
K. Q. Ban won. Lady Ashley second. Joe Cot-
Jton third.. Time, 1:10.
Third race, six furlongs — Larva won, Koote
mal second, Rey Hooker third. Time, I:l6<£.
Fourth race, the Ravelll stakes, $1000. mile-
Charlotte M won, Grand Sachem second, Imp
Sllsflloner third. Time, l:42Vj.
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs — Miss
Rowena won, Oman Wood second, I Don't
Know third. Time, :55>£.
Sixth race, mile, selling — Mary Barnes won,
Masoero second, Knina third. Time, 1:45.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
SLAVES FROM
OMAHA SOLO
Chinese Women Smug
gled Into Town.
SOME WORK FOR OFFICIALS
TWENTY-ONE HUNDRED PAID
BY A SYNDICATE.
Opportunity for the Cninese Bureau
to Make Eight Important
and Well - Guarded
Captures.
The Chinese Bureau is supposed to be
engaged in hunting for nearly two hun
dred Chinese men and women who were
allowed to land at this port recently
for the purpose of proceeding to the ex
position at Omaha, where they were to
take part as '. actors and exhibitors in
the Chinese Village, owned by the Mcc
Lee Village Company. About a week
ago one of them, a chair-mender, was
arrested .in Chinatown for being illegally
in the United States.
Chinese who pretend to be well-inform
ed on the subject say that 200 of the
pretended Omaha exhibitors have left
that place and are now scattered all
over the United States, principally' in
California. They say also that the bond
given to the Secretary of the Treasury
by the Mcc Lee Village Company as a
guarantee that they will return all the
exhibitors to China will not be binding
if that company should fail and the vil
lage shouJJ be attached by the Sheriff,
as was the case with' the Chinese ex
hibit at the Columbian Exposition at
Chicago in 1894.
The same Chinese say that twenty-two
of the women have come to this city
from Omaha, and are now occupants of
disreputable nouses here. Eight of them
! are said to have been located in houses
! occupied by the following Chinese: Kirn
Qu, So Hoo Vow. Chang Won Tuck,
! Leong Sing, Chin Woy and Wong King.
I It is said that they have been offered for
! sale at $2000 each, and that the girl in
Leong Sing's house was bought by a
Chinese syndicate for $2160.
Arrests are expected to be made within
a few days. mmm
Asthma. Bronchitis. Catarrh cure guaranfd. Dr.
Gordin, Sanitarium. 514 Pine. nr. Kearny.S. F.Cal.
-♦-.
A Santa Rosa Bankrupt.
Carl A. Hoen of Santa Rosa filed yester
! day In the United States District Court a
i petition in bankruptcy. His liabilities are
: $4734 71 and his assets ?4'>OO worth of real
estate, mortgaged for $3500, and store fix
tures worth $1000.
•*••*••****•******
***•**•••********
***•••*••******
*•**•*•**•***
*•*•••*
•** • *
•
•
*
*
• • •
•
PATARRH ls a curable disease.
L»A I Aliri ti
PATARRH It can be cured. The
PATARRH new "^ zo " treatment
CATARRH cures catarrh - You
CATARRH should try * You
CATARRH may or write or
CATARRH free i rialofthe " Ozo ''
PATARRH treatment. These are
CATARRH the symptoms:
PATARRH ls the breath foul?
PATARRH Is the voice husky?
Un i fin ii ■ ■
PATARRH d° ou B P' t u p s '' me^
CATARRH Do v ache?
PATARRH Is the nose stopped up?
CATARRH Pain in the head?
PATARRH Is there a dropping in
LAI AHnn
CATARRH the throat?
CATARRH lf you suffer from :
PATARRH catarrh try the "Ozo"
mm treatment. Call or
bHifHnnn
CATARRH write
Hudson ; Medical Institute,
>■■ Market, Stocßon Ellis Sts.,
San Fraitisco.
1
*
** *
*** **
** ♦
*
*
*
*
*
*
***
, *****
* *** *****
*** ********
*************
***************
• * *********** * * * *
*******************
;
V A DVEBTISEMENTS. \ t
mm m Mf /Barn wfmfl*3 JSlwS^m* i^* j£r jff
new dresFgoods !
... ON SALE TO-MORROW ... J
Correct Styles at Popular Prices! j
NOTE THE SPECIALS! <
C>n Qt A Suit Genuine English
tj)D»<Ot) Melton, for tailor suiting,
in the very latest fall colorings, at
$6.25 a suit.
Q*7 A A Suit — Drab de Venice,
O l*tJ\J a very stylish dress ma-
terial, satin finish, in the new fall
shades of navy, army, brown, green ;
and heliotrope, extraordinary value
at $7.50 a suit.
QQ CAA Suit— Novelty Suit-
t^O»t)V/ ings, in raised Bayadere
effects, in the new shades of blue,
green, brown and garnet, very
stylish, at $3.50 a suit.
Plaid Special.
Q - A Yard — 65 pieces of Fancy
ODL/. Plaids, suitable for children's
dresses and ladies' waists, in over 20
different new combinations. An extra
special at 35c a yard. # .
123 to 129 POST STREET.
One Year for a Swindler.
F. M. Barr was sentenced yesterday by
United States District Judge de Hayen to
one year's imprisonment in the County
Jail in San Diego, Barr having pleaded
HUDYAN is the greatest . iplip^ an^^ in *° the 01 " an "
remedio - treatment that \/ HRgffljl other. EDDY AN cures head-
has ever been produced v ]fi»Bj(| ollf ' acne dimness of sight, weak
by any combination, of NJ jß|jp£fi memory, loss of voice. HDD-
physicians. It cures pre- Vm\f||li VAN cures stunted growth,
maturity. The HUDYAN I dyspepsia, constipation. HUD-
■ remedio-treatment cures lliiiliawK cures wea^ ness or P^ ns
the diseases and disabili- wWmfl m * ne sma^ °^ c back,
ties of men. It is a fPSyBIfIKTCf J/% oss °^ muscular power,
remedio treatment for '■■^^^¥f^^^- gloomy, melancholy fore-
men only. It cures nerv- W%Uy^j|K bo lings. HDDYAN can
ous weakness, sperma- &W Ml m be had from the doctors
torrhcea, losses and | MM lljM W of . the \ HDDSON
pimples. HUDYAN MEDICAL INSTl-
cures depression of :^^.'^^Wj|^^^^ TUTE ' and from no
spirits, bashfulness, rJWtI® i^^C^?^ one ' else - You need
inability '. to look Kr^^^^^ ' HUDYAN when the
facial nerves twitch, as there is certain to be an irritation at their centers in
the brain. You need HDDYAN when there is a decline of the nerve force,
because this decline shows a lack of nerve life, which may develop into
nervous debility, and then possibly into nervous prostration. If you have
harassed your nerves, if you have knotted or gnarled them, if you have
abused your nerves, the best thing for you to get is HDDYAN. You can
get HUDYAN only from us. HUDYAN cures varicocele, hydrocele, dizziness,
falling sensations, 7 despair, sorrow and , misery. Consult the HUDSON doctors
about HDDYAN in their offices—they = occupy a building of thirty rooms— or
write for circulars and : testimonials of the great HUDYAN. Call for infor-
mation or write for CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS, FREE.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Ellis, Market and Stockton Streets, San Francisco, Cal.
BLOOD POISON— In first, secondary or tertiary form is sure to show these bad
BLOOD POISON— sigBs:: You will notice copper-colored spots, an itching skin, irn-
.. BLOOD POISON— dry, parched throat,- sores in mouth, falling hair. You have
BLOOD poison -to be quick to stop this disease. If you want to be cured easily,
BLOOD POISON-qiickly and thoroughly consult the doctors of HUDSON. Their great
BLOOD POISON— / -a»!r% ■-».'
blood poison- , • " DAY CURE • » •
- blood poison-Is what :vou need. , - Call or write for ciioulara of 30-da> oaii.
Domestic Specials.
61 A A Yard— loo pieces of Flan-
4\J nelettes, in stripes and checks, (
in blue, pink and gray, good quality. (
regular value 10c. (
■1 r\ A Yard — 200 pieces of New <
J.UC Wrapper Flannelettes, in dark, (
medium and light colorings, in stripes 1
and bias plaids and checks, very I
good styles, on sale at 10c. \
XX _ A Yard— 2o pieces of 68- f
DDL/ Inch Extra -Heavy German f
Half-Bleached Table Linen, good <?
quality, nice patterns. Regular <?
value 75c. g
OK n Each — 75 dozen Bleached I
&O\j Turkish Bath Towels, extra I
large size, heavy quality. Regular t
value $4.00 a dozen. <|
Embroideries. i
lOp A Yard— Your choice of 200 pieces 1
I\J\J Fine Embroideries, from 1 to 3
inches wide, in nice choice pat- (
terns. Worth 20c and 15c a yard; your ]
choice while they last at 10c. ■-■■:■ - : i
I guilty to an indictment charging him with
■■ having sent swindling letters through the
mails. The prisoner, being in delicate
| health, requested the court to name the
San Diego jail in preference to those of
San Francisco or Alameda.EVENTS OF A
WEEK ON THE
EMERALD ISLE
Monument Project
Excites Dublin.
OPPOSED BY PARNELLITES
PROPOSED MEMORIAL TO THE
LATE MR. GLADSTONE.
Irish Views as to the Benefits of the
House of Lords' Changes in
the Local Government
Bill.
BY J. J. CLANCY.
Bp«ciaJ Correspondence of The Call.
DUBLIN, Aug. 6.— Dublin, which has
...been thrown into excitement already
..by the project to elect a Unionist Lord
■Mayor for 1599, is about to be provided
•■■With an additional cause for unrest. A
• committee has been formed in London
■ for the purpose of erecting a national
memorial to the late Mr. Gladstone,
'•■. a.nd among the suggestions made by
..that body is one for the erection of a
: statue or other monument in Dublin
in honor of the deceased English states-
man. This suggestion, like the proposal
•■; .to pay Mr. Gladstone fun- ral honors,
;. has received the approval of that sec
. lion of Irish Nationalists which took
■';-'t-he Bide of Mr. Gladstone against Mr.
Fnrnell in the crisis of 1890; whether it
will command the support of the Par
■;.hfil.lite party, which has been hitherto
. •■'•■ in a decided majority in Dublin, re
mains to be seen. The Corporation is
fomeet on Monday to consider the
question, and the organ of the Parnell
lie. party to-day emphatically declares
that it would be an insult to Parnell's
memory and an exaltation of political
siavishness and recreancy "to allow the
erection of a statue to any Englishman
in a place which is yet without a me
D. FALLON, LORD MAYOR OF DUBLIN.
•morial of any kind of the greatest Irish
.man of the nineteenth century." It is
■ not denied that Mr. Gladstone has
■ some claims on Irish gratitude; but, on
■.•the other hand, it Is pointed out that
'•. .he was a coercionist before he was a
■ home ruler; that all his good deeds to
.ward Ireland were the result of Irish
'agitation working on a mind given over
..'■'.to. opportunism, and that for that rea-
■ son he is not entitled to any exceptional
../■honors at the hands of the Irish people.
.. .The topic has only been just Introduced,
■.fid. to say, so that it has not yet been
V. .much discussed; but within a few days
;.' jfis certain to become a burning one.
A question lons agitated has this
'Week been settled satisfactorily, not
••• only on paper, but in actual fact. For
•years past the Irish people, and es
■ peclally the people of Dublin, had been
■■■.■complaining in vain of the slow rate
" at which mails and passengers were
carried by the subsidized mail route
between Dublin and London, of the
high fares, and the inconvenient hours
of arrival and departure. The train
service has been supplied by the Lon
don and Northwestern Railway Com
pany which has a monopoly between
Chester and Holyhead, the port of de
parture for Dublin, while the sea ser
vice is that of the City of Dublin
Steam Packet Company, whose four
mail boats, named after the four prov
inces of Ireland, have been famous for
•'.'more than a quarter century. The Eng
lish Railway Company, having a fleet
■ of steamers of its own plying between
Holyhead and the Irish ports on the
opposite side of the channel, and being
desirous of establishing a monopoly in
the channel, too, has divided with the
Postofflce (which of course is managed
entirely in the interest of England)
the responsibility of blockading all at
tempts at reform. By dint of persever
ance, however, and largely through the
efforts of a Parnellite M. P., Patrick
••O'Brien, the desired reforms in the
Iri.=h mail service have at length been
effected and on Monday last, the Ist of
'August, they came into a dual opera
■ .tion.
; It is scarcely an exaggeration to say
. that the journey from London to Dub
lin and back haa now been made as
■ cheap and as comfortable as is possi
.. hie at present. But decidedly the
; .. greatest improvement is in the sea
' service. The City of Dublin Company,
it may not be known, is about the old
ies! steamship packet company in the
' world, and for more than sixty years it
' :"has been the principal means of com-
' ■ ' munication between England and Ire
.■ land. For at least a quarter of a cen
tury its boats have never had an acci
dent but one, and that one occasioned
• no loss of life. Nov.- its old boats— the
Ulster, Leinßter, Munster and Con
naught—have given place to four others
' with the same names, which are a
. model of speed and comfort, not to
say luxury. They perform the journey
.of sixty miles of sea between Holyhead
and Kingstown (County Dublin) in
) about two hours and three-quarters.
American visitors would do well to try
: them.
This is the season of congresses, and
is having its share of them.
: During the past week we have had here
■ the annual convention of the Irish Na
tional Foresters. The society is a mu
tual benefit organization, but it does
.-. not profess to be non-political. The
' very uniform of its members— the dress
•associated with Robert Emmet, green
double-breasted swallow-tall coat,
white knee-breeches and top boots — is
suggestive; but It Is not the only thing
about the Irish National Foresters
which smacks of Irish nationalism.
No Nationalist demonstration ever
takes place of which a considerable
contingent of that body does not form
a conspicuous element, and in Dublin
they have been largely Parnellite. This
week was the first occasion for four
teen years in which they assembled in
annual general meeting in the Irish
capital, and the fact that, whereas in
isM. when the last convention as
sembled in Dublin they were allowed to
meet and break up without, so to say,
any official public recognition, this
time they had the Lord Mayor presid
ing over their opening meeting, and
the Council Chamber in the Cltv Hall
was placed at their disposal for the
transaction of their business. The gen
eral secretary of the society is Mr.
Joseph Hutchinson, who is a member
of the Dublin Corporation, and his cus
tomary review of the past was a pleas
ant tale of progress. A few of the
figures he gave will suffice to show the
general nature of his statement. In
ISB4, when the last convention was held
in Dublin, the members numbered 35G3,
and the accumulated funds were only
£2-100. Now, according to Mr. Hutchin
son. the members number 21,054 and the
accumulated funds amount to £34,454.
The total number of benefit members
is 19,43»i, and the total amount paid in
benefits during the year was upward
of £17.000. This is not a bad record,
especially when it is remembered that
the Irish National Foresters are only
one out of several similar societies in
Ireland which are all thriving.
The local government bill has at last
virtually become law. The House of
Lords made in it only two changes of
any importance. One was the estab
lishment of double member constituen
cies for the rural district councils,
which will have to do with the admin
istration of poor law relief and the
sanitary laws: the other was the In
clusion of Oalway City among the
county boroughs. The former change
was avowedly proposed in the interest
of the disestablished minority, but
what good it will do the landlords it
has puzzled a good many persons to
discover. Among those who are per
plexed on the point is the veteran tem
perance reformer, Sir Wilfrid Lawson,
M. P., who is given to the writing of
poetical squibs while he is sitting in
his place in the House of Commons,
and who perpetrated the following
quatrain as he listened to the Irish
landlord representatives pleading for
the opportunity being given to the Irish
Nationalist electors to choose two
councilors instead of one for the new
rural boards:
I'm In a most terrible state of alarm.
And scarcely know what I'm to do.
One popular member will do me much harm;
The best plan is to let me have two!
Opinion in the Irish ranks was di
vided as to whether the change made
by the House of Lords was desirable,
but the Government used their major
• ity to carry It, and so there are to be
; double membered constituencies for the
': rural councils and single membered for
the county councils which will repre
sent both rural and urban districts in
all more important matters. The pro
posal as to Galway met with a differ
ent fate. It was opposed by the Gov
ernment, and the Speaker ruled it to
be a breach of the privileges of the
House of Commons, inasmuch as it
raised a money question, which that
assembly, according to the constitu
tion, has the exclusive right to raise in
the first instance. The result was that
it was rejected. The practical result
to Galway is that, though it does not
lose pecuniarily, it does lose in position
and prestige. It ceases to be a city, to
have a separate assize and separate
Sheriff, and becomes for county pur
poses a part of the county of Galway.
It is a pity that this should be the fate
of a town which two hundred years
ago was a great emporium of com
merce, having by the way an extensive
and intimate connection with Spain.
But the real truth is that, despite the
unquestioned and unquestionable ad
vantages of its topographical position — j
It ought to be the chief port for Ameri
ca on this side of theAnlantic — it is wo- j
fully declining. Let me hope, as a
Galway man, that it has a better fu
ture in store.
An election has taken place in Eng
land this week which has had consid
erable interest for Ireland and espe
cially for Irish Nationalists. The home
rule member for the English borough
of Grimsby, George Doughty, suddenly
thought it well a few weeks ago to re
ALDERMAN PILE, HIGH SHERIFF OF
DUBLIN.
cant his opinions on the question of
i home rule, and then went back to his
' constituency for re-election as a Union
ist. It was a plain challenge to the
Liberal party in Grimsby and to the
; Liberal leaders to declare themselves
on the question of home rule for Ire-
I land, but, though the challenge was
plain, the glove was not taken up. The
Liberals, indeed, started a candidate in
opposition, but that candidate ex
pressly declared that he would not
j fight on the home rule question, and
« despite that tact Sir William Harcourt,
1 as leader of the party, backed him up
i and called on "all true Liberals" to
rally to his side. Under these circum
stances it would obviously have been
of no advantage whatever to the cause
of home rule if the Liberal had won.
As a matter of fact he was beaten, and
i there is great crowing in the Unionist
1 camp in consequence.
The result is unquestionably a bad
• blow for the cause of home rule in
i England, but it is an equally bad blow
for the Liberal party, who ought by
this time to know that the enly earth
ly chance they have of keeping their
I merr.bers together and of getting back
j to power Is to champion home rule and
j make it once again the chief plank in
I their platform. One thing is certain,
! they never can come into power again,
at least in this generation, without the
aid of the Irish vote, and that vote
will be withheld from them as long as
they ma.ntain their present attitude,
I if the views of a good many Irish Na
tionalists are carried out by their rep
resentativesJntheHnuseof Commons.
Sudden Death of Policeman Dodere.
Police Officer William J. Dodge of the
Seventeenth-street station was taken
suddenly ill on a Folsom-street car yes
terday afternoon and died before any
" thing could be done for him. The body
was taken 111 the car to the Harbor Hos
pital and thence to the Morgue. The de
ceased had boen in bad health recently
and was beinj attended by Dr. Shumate.
He resided at 4137 Twenty-fourth street.
Heart disease te believed to have been the
cause of death. _
Advances made mi furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAXL,, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1898.
CHE £jyLifORIUm.
f^tM Underwear amd Hosiery
: ||R 55^#J JHen^^H^rifi^nandChiUreri^
(^r/j'&l^f^-^l^ ]i\ I I he diversity of California climate being so marked — particularly around
W/iP Vf j£ r ifflP // II 35? the bay, where the climate of places within a few miles of each other is so
vi/ClJ Y^^M^ /o}^ 'ATI entirel y different— necessitates the exercise of the greatest care in selecting an
/fl\\ 111 underwear stock that will meet the requirements of all classes of people in all
/III i lv^ ik^^^D|^^^»l i places tributary to the big store. Our underwear buyers are California men
//111 " T^rteii^ii they. know what is needed. • They buy so largely that every price concession .
///I/W \\\'\ rW/I m possible to obtain is ours. We devote the largest space of any store on the
IV nlwWllilw/ In coast to hosiery and underwear, and we are confident that we can show you
/|[<^^ll%!^'llliw , IJi the most styles at the lowest prices. Below are a few of the nev) lines for fall
1 F^n ill II i/ ■
■ ill
♦ Children's Underwear.
ifr Heavy Fleece-lined Cotton Combi-
* nation Suits for children 3 to 9 -*
* years — natural or ecru color. Each^v/C
* Heavy Merino Vests and Pants for
? ages 2 to 14 years— natural color ~^
£ or white. Each -^ c
& Children's Pure Scotch Wool Vests.
» Pants and Boys' Drawers— natural
fr color.
* Size. Price. Size. "J Price.
*18 35c 28 .' ....60c
*20 40c 30 - 65c
J 22 45c I 32 7oc
*24 soc 34 - 75C
* 26 ..55C I
» _
! Boys' Clothing.
% We are, of course, glad to see so
♦ many new customers in our Children's
* Clothing Department. We feel that
£ our efforts to gather the best assort-
,* ments and styles in town have been
♦ successful. We know that our stock
{ is now right in material, make and
*, price, and are sure we can suit trie
♦ most exacting parent.
J 175 New Fall 2-piece Suits for boys
2 8 to 16 years go on sale to-morrow
2 and while the lot lasts at 85.00. All-
> wool Scotch Cheviots in new mix-
'»• tures and four styles of fancy
*, worsteds. Knee pants and double-
♦ breasted coats. Compare the quality,
* make and trimmings with the best
r suits that you can get elsewhere tor
2 56. 50. To sell them quickly * c nn
J we've marked them .JO.UU
* £Z£\ A complete
* l* ne of Boys'
♦ tiJ>i new F a^ Top
"i- ! -%rV\ Coats '
♦ ■ f/ f \\ 2 5 handsome
* / \ L \«\ dark - blue cloth
♦// 1 ■ ! I// \ Military Capes,
♦ U I I V^ red cloth lined, with
* /?/ I -JT graceful hood that
♦ UrT/ can be detached if
* y\ 1 / 'lit, you wish -, Regular
* ah/ v' ityat
i iji 'Boys' new
♦ \JI Fall Knee
i 1&& Pants at 50c,
* v* 75° and $1.
J" Suits for large boys. Many new
2 arrivals in Fall weights — Black,
% Blue, Gray or Brown in all-wool ma-
♦ terials.* Coat, Vest and Long Pants,
* sizes 13 and 10 years. Finely made
* and stylish in appearance, */- f\(\
♦ $7.50, 6. 00 and .4>3.UU
T Boys' new while embroidered or
2 colored Percale Blouse Waists m ■
> at $1.00, 75c and.- -JVC
» ■
{ Coin Purses*
•? Coin Purses— ln all kinds of fancy
2 leathers, well made, with heavy Nickel
> fram?, a good value 25c— purses ,t c
£- for — iDC
♦ New styles— Ladies' Coin Purses
* in colored Morocco and fancy LeVant,
♦ Chamois lined, beautifully fin- en
♦ ished •.... uc
#, ;
&' r* t Some Big
i Gas Lamps. Specials. s
> First quality genuine
♦ (FS Welshbach lights, com-
*- Js=*k plete as in picture, put
up by experi- * t -„
1 «^§^^^enced fitter...... $1.00
.' r^Ji{ Extra quality Sam-
2 Pi son lights, give more
» fat* light with less gas than
* © any other light made.
» Guaranteed for dura-
* bility and brightness— our price com-
ft plete, like above cut, for three -_
,£ days only oOC
X A good quality Incandes- V s^
» cent Gas Light complete X
* like above cut, for 3. _ Jm^
* days only : O° c §j#|
♦- The Samson Mantle Is |p|
? the best for durability and . ||p
2 brightness. .It fits any in- »
2 candescent gas light *
fr made— our price 25c, worth %g@
* 40c— for sale only at the
* Emporium— beware of iml-
* tations. • " _ .
jt The Jena Glass Cnjm-
5 neys are better than Mica—
2- our price' 20c, worth 15c.
> Ask us to" demonstrate
,> /\\- their strength.,
* : AsT*\\ Glass Chimneys to fit
* hfc\J ) I any incandescent gas " tr :
* U|r// 1ight........ lOC
* V* // Incandescent Electric
J \\- If Bulbs, 16 candle-power, 10
2 \pi/ volts, Edison base, the
',& 25c kind,
At f"*'"*t • r : • sllf
T±Lxj -km.ru a. 1 v m.
Women's Underwear.
Heavy Fleece-lined Vests and Pants
— covered seams — natural or ecru ~-
color. Each 2.0 C
Wool-mixed Vests and Pants — me-
dium weight — natural or white. rr .
Each SUC
Australian Lamb's Wool, Mixed,
Non-shrinking Vests and Pants __.
— silver gray or white. Each... /5C
Oneita Heavy Cotton, Fleece- An
lined Combination Suits. Each.. 4UC
Combed Egyptian Cotton Combina-
tion Suits— buttoned down front __
— natural or ecru colors. Each... vUC
Fast Black Woolen Equestrian
Tights— ankle length extra- f nn
ordinary value. Per pair v|>*.UU
Heavy Weight Combination Suits
of the famous "STUTTGARTER" make-
sanitary woolen garments. »
Size. Price. Size., Price.
v 28 - 2.25 36 J2.65
% 30..'...... 2.35 38.......... 2.7?
fej 32 ;- 2.45 40-... 2.85
% 34 2.5? 42....... 2.95
22 Women's Underwear— >; '..■::=
4th Section— left of entrance.
Boys' and Girls' Hose.
Boys' Corduroy Ribbed Extra
Heavy Bicycle Hose— fast black fQ
and seamless. Per pair i"C
Children's IXI Fine Ribbed Black
Seamless Coiton Hose — extra double
knees, heels and toes— all sizes. --.
Per pair ~ <^JC
Misses' Real Maco Cotton Hose —
Hermsdorf fast - black— lXl ribbed
double knees — unbleached double .-_
soles and toes '• xDC
Sole Agents in San Francisco for the ••STUTTGARTER" Normal Sanitary Woolen Underwear for
Men, Women and Children — the best made. A full line of the many different weights and styles
always in stock. Illustrated descriptive catalogue of "STUTTGARTER" Underwear free on application
in Ladies' Department.
%&¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥
<fT <€
i The hammering is over. The extensive alterations that ? .
* have been going on for weeks are completed. The principal *
* departments are now arranged as follows: *
•> Main Floor— Right: Shoes— Clothing— Men's Furnishings— Hats — — Crockery — House «
* Furnishings— Groceries Wines and Liquors. *
* - Main Floor — Left: Dry Goods — Curtains and Draperies — Books — Chinese Bazaar. 2,
{ Main Aisle and Rotunda: Jewelry — Silverware— Cutlery— Stationery — Drug Sundries — Toilet
2" Articles— Leather Goods— Florist— Cigars— Candy. **
X Second Floor: Suits and Cloaks — Millinery — Children's Wear — Corsets — Toys— Photographic ' <$»
& Supplies— Music — Sporting Goods— Furniture Carpets — Wall Paper. , <*
* * a a A A 4 A a a A a a «««44«1<1«4<i4*4#4«44 4««4444***4444<§4<144<t4 ****** A***'*
T7 ;11LJ *. Note the
rail rlats. p pries.c es.
The new Hat Department adjoins
the Men's Furnishings, fourth section
to right of main-entrance— a large
complete store in Itsrlf , not an old
hat in it— late styles only from the
best up-to-date factories in. America. .
The picture -* ~
shows one of jt 3\
the shapes in I^ -S^l
our 51-85 stiff l^/ =§si.|
hats tor men — rf^-" ~~j^3\
black or the ■ Z^b.
popular shades -*^~^
of brown— colors that will not grow
rusty — we ask you to compare them
with others at 52.50 — real <t« 4 r>/-
bargains these at 4> > ♦°' 3
Fedoras in fall shades — pearls with
either light or black bands— cedars,
browns and blacks— none better at
52.50, these marked at &■ « or
== ris£jg C3==:^ Cloth Sailor Hats
/^^ji^~7^"^V of the everyday 75c
Y^X^^^^s. \ quali v, and nov-
<h elty Caps in many
'^hsv^ -*$r styles — sure to
>>iili_ - ji^^ ■ " have something
becoming to your
boy in this line — extra value aq
at • • tt/C
New Laces/
Another shipment of Valenciennes
Lace arrived last week. We have
now the most complete line of these
goods in the city, including French,
Italian, German and Normandy. In
the latter, which is the most suitable
trimming for underwear, we carry all
widths, from % inch to 6 inches, with
insertion to match.
Prices range from 20c per piece (12
yards) and upward.
Men's Clothing*
Men's new Black Clay Worsted
Suits at
$10, $12.50 and $15.
Every suit guaranteed all wool,
handsomely trimmed and made by
best makers in America. A complete
line of sizes, of course. Regulars for
regularly built men. % 'S'outs" up to
46 for short and fat men, and "Longs'*
for tall and slim men — In single-
breasted, round-cornered or straight-
cut sacks. Double-breasted sacks and
three or four button ; cutaway: frock
suits. We only ask a comparison of
our. 515.00 Clay Suits with any offered
elsewhere at $18.00.
Men's Fall Pants— new patterns,
new styles arriving dally— 11 priced
to insure quick selling— sl.4s, 51.95,
52.45, 52.95, 53-45, up t0.... $7 £-q
SPECIAL— 400 pairs of. ail wool, 53.50
and 54.00 pants on sale this &') apr
week at..-...— ..—••.■ •'P^^3
{Mail orders solicited and
promptly attended to. y :
* w j Inl IBS PB PW Bfttf I*H VI H|^^ Bfl I Sfflwßs^sl new f dll Ca*a-
d^y horning ™ Ool^f^BTi ßule SftZaar. out-of-town
papers. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST— AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. tolks -
THE EMPORIUM.
Children's Extra Heavy Fine Ribbed
3-Thread Real Maco Cotton Hose —
Hermsdorf black— double heels and
toes — sizes 6 to 10. Three *«/■*/%
pairs for ~ »p>.UU
Misses' Fine Ribbed Scotch Plaid
Hose — best Maco cotton — spliced
heels and toes. Three pairs * « nr .
f0r...... -.-$l.OO
Children's Hose
4th Section— of entrance.
Men's Underwear.
French Honeycomb Balbriggan
Shirts and Drawers — medium weight
— very elastic and very durable — a
favorite in San Francisco. *. Ar .
Per garment v}>J.4U
"STUTTGARTER" Natural Wool
Shirts and Drawers— new number
of this famous sanitary underwear at
a popular price. Per garment. *- _-.
Jersey Ribbed Form-fitting Shirts
and Drawers — this line in four colors
—ecru, vicuna, gray and mot- _~
— covered seams. Per garment OUC
All-wool Shirts and Drawers —
either camel's hair or natural gray
colon nade of long fiber yarn— we
have never seen as good a garment
for less than $1.25. These, &1 nr .
each $I.UU
Men's Oneita Union Suits— becom-
ing as popular with men as > they
already are with the ladies. *, rri
Each $1.50
Men's Underwear —
3d Section— right of entrance.
Notion Department*
Satin Belt Hose Supporters, ~_.
frilled elastic, all colors, pair Z.OZ
Black, Seal or Morocco Leather
Belts, mounted with steel points, __
51.25, $1 and. /OC
The Fin de Siecle Comb, latest
Parisian novelty, holds the hair with-
out the use of hairpins or *- «-.
strings, 7<;c and........ *pJ.UU
Gair's Queen Skirt Support- or
ers, each „..'. ZdC
Mexican Hand-carved Belts, buckle
or cinch, i^-inch 2-inch... r*»j { ~-
Silk Elastic Belts, with fancy
metal and jewel buckles, 51.50, __.
$1, 85c and..... : /jC
Ladies' Pearl Shirt Waist nn
Sets 20c
Shell Hairpins, black or amber, . *
3 inches long, dozen >UC
Shell-back Combs, all the newest
shapes and designs, 51, 75c, 50c ~ r
and £OC
Changeable Moreens in the .--
latest colorings, p?r yard -JjC
Fancy Roman Striped. Skirt *^i_
Lining, 36 in. wide, per yard... \J><S-
Fine quality Stockinet Dress tn
Shields, all sizes, per pair.'........ \\jZ
. Mohair Cord Edge Skirt Bind- _
ing, all colors, per yard /C
Extra fine quality Whalebone'
Casing, 9-yard piece, all colors, .-.
per piece JUC
The Century Corset Shield pre-
vents the Corset Steels from break-
Ing at the hips, sizes^, 2 and 3, ~~
pair..............
— : — ~\
New Gloves*
We want every lady in the State to
know of our Glove Department — the
largest in Sin Francisco. 350 feet of
shelving filled with the best makes in
the world. In the new colorings for
fall. Gloves bought here kept in re-
pair as long as they last.
Misses' 2-Clasp "Clover Leaf"— a
prime quality of real German lamb,
neat stitching of self-coloring on backs,
Ox-Bloods )
English Red ( OC
Shades of Brown I vJC
Light and Dark Tans / •
Ladies' Two- F m "~T* O ~~~~T~p
Clasp Superior / / /^^^^t»~s.
Quality "Mo- 1 US £f^£P
cha' — a popu- *■■ " f/l t—~ > •
lar street glove, / /i
extra strong. \ C/l}
Among t ha /////I
many colorings . U /// I
Ox-Blood New Grays ) J^ er p *}£
Navy Blue Brown, Tan £<t 1 C\fl
New Greens Black > qj >• W
Ladies' Two-Clasp "Triumph"—
the perfection of fit, beauty and dura-
bility, white or self-color embroidery
on backs—
Ox-Blood Modes \
English Red Browns I
Royal Blue Tans V d" « -^ C
Light Greens Banana rJp I *Z,J
Dark Greens ■ White I :
' New Grays Black T
THE EMPORIUM
Women's Hosiery.
Imported Tan Cotton Hose 40-
gauge high-spliced heels and IC -
toes. Pair ~ *^ c
Hermsdorf Black Maco Cotton
Hose— high-spliced heels, double soles
and toes— all black, and black -^
with unbleached feet. Pair c
Hermsdorf Black Fine Maco Cotton
Hose — drop stitch in corduroy — Rich-
elieu and Rembrandt ribbed de-
signs— double heels and toes. Pair^JC
KtAlso in shades of tan).
Hermsdorf Black 4- Thread Real
Maco Cotton Hose— silk finish—
high-spliced heels — double ~~
toes. Three pairs for $>.UU
Fine Imported Lisle Thread Hose-
newest designs In drop stitch — Rich-
e ieu and Rembrandt ribbed— also lace
— black and assorted tan cr >
shades. Pair..... — O\JC
Ladles' Hosiery—
4th Section— left of entrance.
Men's Hosiery.
Two-thread Natural Wool Socks —
fine — extra spliced. Pair — _
Cashmere Socks— double heels and
toes — natural gray, vicuna and
black— extra good value. Per --
pair .—. 4OC
Fast Black Maco Yarn Socks —
white feet— wear excellently. ~r
Two pairs '. - ~— •
Men's Hosiery—
Sd Section— of entrance.
Toilet Articles*
G U A R ANTEED — Combination
Fountain Syringe and W^tcr Bottle,
with full set of hard-rubber pipes ;
best in the market— 2 quart, *. j~
Ji-oo; 3 quart .pJ.JU
Kirk's, J-rgen's Soaps, a blgva- .
rietv — cake 4C
Woodiand Violet Ammonia — -_.
full pint bottle jLDZ
Celluloid Soap Boxes, large ~-
size, 6 colors — each ZDC
Turkish Bath Gloves— per pair.. f_.
Imported Tooth Brushes — each.. _
DC
Imported Tooth Brushes — a f _
good value 25c brush for >5c
Olive Oil Castile Soap — large _
cake with a good wash rag 5C
Our Dairy Mali Complexion Soap,
made of pure glycerine and but- ~_
termilk — box 3 cakes ZOC
Large-size wood-back Hair Brushes,
a good value 25c brush for „ _
Jsc
Groceries The Best —
groceries Cheapest
To more thoroughly
advertise the "Empor-
ium" brand of BEST
FAMILY FLOUR— none
better made - - every
sack guaranteed —
money back if not sat-
isfied—we offer it this
week — per QQ|-
sack
Best Western Granulated Svgar —
17 lbs for $1.00
Golden Rule Blend Coffee— lb 30c
New English Walnuts— lb 10c
Chirardelli's Eagle Chocolate —
cake 23c
Emporium Baking Powder — Ib tin. 37c
Woodlawn Maple Syrup— gallon.. SLl6
Unwrapped Savon Soap, i-lb bars —
33 for ~ 99c
Imported Boneless Sardines, j^'s,
tins 25c
Choice Japan or Island Rice — lb 7c
Cooper's Oiive Oil — quarts 95c
Imported Sheet Gelatine — lb 55c
Golden Rule Can Syrup — ga110n. ..45c
Pearline — i-lb pkgs lie
New Jams nnd Jellies — jar 15c
Cherries (in maraschino), bottle 70c
Good Spider Leg Tea — Ib 35c
Macaroni, Vermicelli or Spaghetti—
lb 6c
Sago or Tapioca, 2? lbs for SLOO
Imported German Lentils — lb 7c
Mixed or Plain Bird Seed — lb 4c
Grated or Slued Pineapple, i-lb tins.
2 for 25c
Best California Shelled Almonds —
lb 25c
THE EMPORIUM.
W9WWWWWW9WF+PI
Dress Goods. |f" .
A preliminary display and
sale of the Coming Season's
fabrics. Some handsome black
goods and many exclusive nov-
elties are ready for your in-
spection and approval. Because
prettiest effects are first to go,
and because prices are likely to
advance as the season pro-
gresses, it's good judgment and
economy to buy now.
38-inch Crepon Moharane in 5 fall
and winter color combinations, rr\
overshot with black, per yard O\)C
52-inch Clay Ssrge.in charming
fall shades, smooth finish and espe-
cially adapted to street wear, per --
yard JOC
45-inch Wool Poplin in the new
blues, browns, wines, olives and —-
myrtle, extra well finished, per yd JOC
46-inch Silk and Wool Chevrons,
in 8 of the new color combina-
tions, exceedingly dressy, per &1 nr .
yard $J.UU
48-inch Jersey Serge, an entirely
new weave, in the early autumn
colorings, a perfect fabric for * t n ~
Tailor Costumes, per yard.... 4>*«UU
Three of Our Ct,™
Leaders in MOCSU
Ladies' Paris Kid Lace f^r m^
Shoes, like picture, fancy •! vJ?
black basket-cloth tops, »|~Z!/*
new coin toes, patent yjj?&,
leather tips, sewed /^\ £££•'■/
flexible soles, a pretty /'§osjA'''-i
and stylish shoe,
sizes 2U to 8, widths iJ*k:':'U'/ \J>
A to Efi, Mo^2
$1.98.
,<v Boys' and Youths'
%^j£>4 Satin Calf Lace Shoes,
■V" '.•* new coin toes and tips,
1 V \e\ medium heavy sewed
I \A^ ;so!es, a neat and
I ffifi? durable shoe —
/»- y^^v izes XI to 2<
Sizes 2* to 5^ : -... $1.70
Men's GENUINE CALF Lace Shoe,
made with a coin toe and tip — sewed
shoe hay- y^-~-vl ol
ing dura-
style and / /&sszL
first-class K>w
manship, > »^Jh" !: ««iS^'V ( .
all sizes *v /^^^ss.
widths — —
one of our leaders and a'djicn
great value at—.... 4>Z. Ju
Fall Silks.
Advance lots of the newest fancies
of fashion for fall and winter— silks
that it will pay to see and buy early.
Stripes, Cross-bar Checks and Plaids
are in highest favor. Some of the
most charming of these new effects
now on sale.
19 and 20 inch Striped Taffeta, with
Jacquard fancy figure, per * f nr .
yard — • $UW)
20-inch Two-toned Checked and
Plaid Taffetas — magnificent *. ~~
line of colorings, per yard *»UU
20-inch Fancy Striped Silk,- with
Jacquard figure and polka dots, all
new colorings — per yard *V -«
' 2 1- inch i Fancy Plaid Taffetas, Om-
bre effect, complete line of * t tn
colorings— per yard...... vj>*.JU
21-inch Two-toned Checked Taf-
feta (iv^-inch block), evening shades,
very effective — per yard * f 'o.cl
4>>«Oy
■ t ■.■
Furniture Bargains*
This
finely
■■ ■■-■■ — -^^ j VI |y carved
| J <is-lIUL|>l prtf] «olid oak
/) IHp - Bedroom
. ' rsSS^ fe2^2lf pieces— 7
_ '™^' J(S ?y' "Ci««£E— SU pieces —
_T^ZZ]^^^fr' S! ~^i ted, swell
. ■ 2lq lr%^rji. front bu-
' *"*" ~ nl^ l f'^^ 5^ reau and
i^^-^MJ . ■ wash- -
stand, -,
table, rocker and 2 chairs, together
with 2 pillows, spring mattress and
fine top mattress— a complete bedroom
outfit, actually jg=^r" "" _=^
worth 545. Special^^y £= frs :^r^
for this week only U H U
4>Z7«/ J< l5^Z '^I-^tt
Solid oak 24-inch U tf~' \i
top Parlor Table, ff **=• U
like picture, nicely its* r __ <*■
carved legs, highly "^
ILess=»N>Jik polished and fin-
K|^^^^Jj\ Ished, special this
I'll $l - 65>
II 1 One of the big-
jljUliLJ gest values we
uvSSSSId. have ever offered.
jN^^^^^^^ This solid oak
pipfSjg^y cane-seated Rock-
f^Jj J^A I cr ' ' well braced, spe-
Carpets—Rugs* :
Some recent purchases at a great
New York Carpet Sale — absolutely
perfect goods from the best makers in
newest designs. Remarkable bargains
these. , ,
Alex Smith and Sons' Axminster
Carpets, best quality, regu- <tf nr -
larlv sold for $1. 35 yard, for.. 4>*^U
Alex Smith and Sons' Tapestry
Brussels, almost enJkss vari;ty of
patterns and color effects to se- . -
lect from, per yard ................
Ingrain Carpetings. extra quality
of goods, a fine line of patterns,
per yard...... ...:..... 30C
Art Squares in sightly patterns and
colors, to save carpets, especially in
dining-rooms, in all sizes, 9x6 *>» -._
feet, a gooi size, c05t5.......... ; $Z.UD
Extra quality Linen Warp Mat-;
ting, reduced from 30: per yara 17 i .
to */2C
56
SUNDAY •..!... AUGUST ai, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, 'Proprietor.
Address Alt Communications toJ/y.^S. J.EAKE, Manaj;et^
PUBLICATION OFFICE /ViarKet and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
{EDITORIAL ROOMS .217 to 221 Stevenson Street
. Telephone Male 1574.
THE CAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) It
served by carriers In tbis city and surrounding town*
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year;. per montfj
65 cent*. ________
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room ISB. World Build!-*
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) office.. ri&4« hoom
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Bulldl-i
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
IBANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock.. 357 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clooK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- £518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open untl. 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second an-
Kentucky street*, open until 9 o'clock^ j
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Trilby"
"Yortcks Love"
Moroeco'B— -Work and Wages "
Tlvoll— "Lohenirrin."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Ihe Chutee— Vaudeville and Cannon, the 615-poun4 Man.
Olympla-Corncr Mason and Eddy Btreeis, Specialties.
Mechanics' Pavilion— The Irish Fair,
tutro's Bathe— Swimming-.
Central Park— -'The Battle of Manilla."
Alhainbra, Eddy and Jonea streets— Vaudeville. Opening
Saturday, September 3.
Suspended Animation— Corner Market and Larkln streets;
Recreation Park— Baseball this afternoon.
Coursing- At Union Coursing Park.
Coursing l lngleslde Coursing Park.
El Campo— Music, danclnff.boatlnjr. fishing, every Sunday.
State Fair— Sacramento, September 5.
Tf-jE DESTRUCTION OF FORESTS.
THE preser%ation of the forests of California is
of such prime importance as to demand public
expression and be formulated into a public
policy. It is customary to put foremost the needs of
mining and some other interests. While mining is
important and deserving intelligent attention, it is
safe to say that the protection of our forests and
iorest lands is the greatest economic question in sight
in this State. It is a permanent interest. The wealth
and influence of the forests are not temporary. In no
part of the world do the pines and other conifers re
produce themselves as rapidly as here. It is shown by
the catalogues of Professor Lemmon that California
has a greater variety of useful cone-bearing trees than
any other part of the world. Nature plants species
and sets her forests where the conditions for their
growth are best, and the great number of conifers
found here is proof that the conditions for their
growth are better than anywhere else. What nature
has lavishly planted man is more lavishly wasting and
destroying.
The forest fires of this dry year are appalling in
their extent and in the waste they have caused. The
timber destroyed equals in value the entire gold out
put of the State. Not only is the standing timber gone
but the young trees coming on are destroyed and the
mountain soil is baked by the flames, killing the seed
that waited for moisture to sprout and grow and re
new the forest crop.
At this moment the mountains are lurid with these
fires from Mount Wilson to Shasta. In both the
Coast Range and the Sierra Nevadas the fires are so
general that the landscape is hidden by smoke, and
its pungent effects are felt by passengers on trains in
the San Joaquin and Sacramento valleys.
Timber in the Government parks and reservations
is being destroyed in vast quantities, and the unre
served forest is falling before the flames like stubble.
The State can well afford to spend a million a year to
protect these forests. Some plan should be devised
for summer police in the mountains, and everybody
who enters the forests, camping, hunting, fishing,
prospecting or to cut timber, should be identified and
located. Whoever is caught handling fire carelessly,
leaving campfires to smolder, throwing cigarettes in
the duff or in any way endangering the timber by
carelessness or design should be severely punished.
The man who will draw the statute to protect the
forests and to punish forest arson will be a public
benefactor of the first class.
Heretofore forestry has been considered a fad by
the average citizen. The mill and lumber companies
have had the general idea that forestry is intended to
prevent the use of timber for lumber. These mistakes
need correction. Forestry is as definite an art as
agriculture or horticulture. Like them it is devoted
to the planting, protection and production of a crop,
that is to be harvested for the use of man, when it is
ripe, like any other crop.
Instead of being inimical to the interests of the
lumberman, forestry is a promoter of his business by
preserving the kind of property in which he deals and
by rigidly protecting its reproduction.
Now, with the sorry spectacle of hundreds of miles
of forest fires on view from one end of the State to
the other, is the time to rouse public attention and get
some pledges of public action to put an end to this
wanton and criminal waste of the State's best and
most valuable property.
Captain Barnes offered his sword and his imposing
figure to his country conditionally. He was to go to
Manila or not to stay in the game. He has not been
sent to Manila, and the chances do not seem particu
larly bright, and yet his country has not forwarded a
release. Now, if this country can't live up to a square
bargain, what sort of a country is it anyhow?
Some Southern millionaires who have an island to
which they resort yearly for a good time are much
distressed because a regiment has been quartered on
the holy ground. Of course there will be general
sympathy for them, but if they are deeply aggrieved
they might buy another island.
Manager Haverly of minstrel renown is again a
bankrupt. Evidently he is the same old Haverly, and
as his liabilities are more than $300,000 and his assets
next to nothing, it is evident that he has not changed
'much with the passing years.
Four persons have been sent to jail for 100 days
each for killing trout with dynamite. All the fault
to be found with this arrangement will be by the four.
Still, ioo days is a pretty light sentence for the offense.
Old Pard Bassett keeps right on filling space, but
probably there is no one but the helpless proofreader
who has the slightest idea what he is filling it with.
Augusti and Blanco might enter on about equal
terms into a contest for the booby prize.
When the "Star-spangled Banner" is played in Sac
ramento next week there will be some shouting.
THE COMING CANDIDATE.
THE work of the fusion convention has brought
into focus a very grave and important public
duty. When such a duty appears it may lay a
peculiar burden upon a political party, but that duty
ceases to be wholly partisan in its character. A party
then, in an exceptional sense, becomes the trustee of
public interests that are not partisan. The Republi
can party is placed to-day in this position of trustee
ship. Tt stands upon ground from which it may ap
peal with confidence to all citizens, and in a cause in
which its success is less a triumph of party than a vic
tory for the wholesome people upon an issue that is
l?xger than any party contention.
The interests of locality and personality fade in the
presence of such a responsibility. Talent and fitness
arc not geographical qualifications. Wherever the
Republican party finds a man fit to lead the battle it
mutt make for the good name and prosperity of the
State he is our standard-bearer. The Call divests it
self of personal preference and even of mere party
spirit in the presence of this issue. The matters in
volved are too serious for consideration within local
lines.
Where the choice of the party falls that is our
choice, whether it wait for demonstration in the State
convention or is indicated before that body meets.
There come in the history of all commonwealths
times when "none are for a party, but all are for the
state," and it is our most solemn conviction that such
a time is now upon California.
The voice of faction is now not nearly a sort of
party treason, but it is an offense against the state.
Personal and geographical issues can wait for a
more convenient season. The welfare of all cannot
wait, but is in issue now.
A CHICAGO PRECEDENT.
A CASE recently heard in one of the Police
Courts of Chicago has attracted a good deal
of attention from the press of that city by rea
son of the novel point involved, and it is worth noting
here, as the judgment given may serve as a precedent
for the settlement of a similar controversy that has
arisen in Sacramento.
The issue is that of the rights of an uninvited guest.
According to the reports that come to us, a certain
Joseph Velsiczki took to himself a bride, and in cele
bration of the occasion gave a feast, to which he in
vited numerous friends. To the banquet uninvited
came Mr. Murphy, who not only partook freely of
the dainty viands and the hedonic swizzle, but insisted
upon kissing the bride. Roused to wrath by the un
invited inebriate the bridegroom seized a large tank
ard of wine, and, after pitching the booze into the
face of the effender, proceeded to jam the tankard
over his head.
Being thus blinded and partially muzzled, Mr. Mur
phy could neither fight nor argue the case, and was
summarily thrown out into the wide, wide world of
Chicago at midnight to save himself or perish. It is
asserted that his muffled roars sounding through the
streets frightened the police, but this was not proved
by the evidence given in court. What was made cer
tain, however, was that Mr. Murphy, after trying
vainly to remove the muzzling tankard with his hands,
did in his desperation butt his head against the curb
stones and lampposts in an effort to break the uten
sil, thereby doing himself great damage.
In the end the strange noises drew the attention of
the police and the unfortunate Mr. Murphy was taken
to the station, where, by the aid of a club, the head
of him was released from the tankard. Mr. Murphy
preferred charges against Mr. Velsiczki, but the court
dismissed them on the ground that while an unin
vited guest at a bridal feast may drink of the wedding
wine he has no right to kiss the bride, and that while
in endeavoring to do so he may get damage, he is not
entitled to damages. Mr. Velsiczki was dismissed and
Mr. Murphy was held for disturbing the peace.
The nuptials of Democracy and Populism at Sac
ramento were attended by Major Harney of this city
and certain other uninvited guests. It is not clear that
they ever showed any desire to kiss the bride, but they
did insist on sharing the swizzle. To them, as to Mr.
Murphy of Chicago, it happened that the swizzle was
thrown in their faces and the Maguire tankard
jammed down over the heads of them, and they them
selves thrown out to rip and roar about the streets
and make the nights of Sacramento hideous with
noise.
Whether Major Harney and his colleagues will suc
ceed in getting rid of the muzzling tankard in time to
make a clear statement of their cause before the cam
paign enters upon its next phase remains to be seen.
In the meantime their muffled roaring will resound
like the warble of the Examiner's siren heard afar off.
Under the judgment given in the Chicago case there
seems no remedy for their wrongs except that of
busting the tankard and setting them free. That
course we advise them to take. They should not have
gone to a wedding that was none of theirs. Having
gone and suffered, the one right thing for them to do
now is to release themselves from the Maguire muzzle
and live better lives hereafter.
0N INVESTIGATION NEEDED.
THE front page cartoon in Harper's Weekly
shows a group of American soldiers stricken
with pestilence, lying uncared for and dying,
while Uncle Sam with horror in his face looks on ap
parently helpless, and Columbia, kneeling among the
dying, lifts to him a warning hand with the stern cry,
"The Government must fix the responsibility or the
country will."
The cartoon in no way exaggerates the indignation
in the Eastern States over the terrible suffering
among the troops of the army at Santiago and the
extraordinary number of deaths that have occurred
among them from disease. On this coast we have not
been affected by these things. Our volunteers have
not been in that pestilential camp. Letters from hus
bands, brothers and sons have not come to our homes
in hundreds telling of the lack of food, medicines and
nurses. In the East it has been different. Through
their boys who marched to the front the people of all
the States beyond the Mississippi have been in close
touch with the Santiago expedition, and the tales of
distress coming from there have filled all that portion
of the Union with intense indignation.
There are differences of opinion as to the person
mainly responsible for the suffering that has prevailed
and the deaths that have occurred from a lack of suffi
cient hospital and medical supplies. It is clear, how
ever, that some one is to blame. When the soldiers
of a nation so rich as this cannot receive all requisites
for their proper care when sick, in a campaign so
near our shores as that in Cuba, something is surely
wrong. Such things cannot be the result of accident
merely.
The legend of Harper's cartoon is right. The Gov
ernment must fix the responsibility or the country
will. As a matter of fact the Eastern press is at this
time busily engaged in trying to fix it. The sub
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1898.
ject at present is receiving more editorial attention
than politics itself. Up to this time opinion is divided
as to the guilty party. Some blame the War De
partment, some the medical staff and some General
Shafter. It is clearly a matter that demands investi
gation in order that the innocent may not suffer
along with the guilty.
In the face of the popular demand for a searching
inquiry into the matter it is not likely that Congress
will delay in appointing an investigating committee
as soon as it assembles. In the meantime popular
judgment against any man or set of men should be
withheld. Eastern papers which are now attempting
to fasten the blame upon some particular person be
fore an impartial investigation has been made are
pursuing methods more sensational than just. Some
of them indeed are so bitter in their attacks upon the
Secretary of War as to lead to the conclusion that
they are more eager to make campaign capital
against the administration than to find out the truth.
It is indeed regrettable that the record of the war
so glorious in every other respect has been stained by
this blot. The evil has come, however, and the best
thing we can do now is to find out the cause of it so
as to be able to guard against similar occurrences in
such wars as may happen in the future. For that rea
son an investigation is imperative. Congress must
fix the responsibility or share it.
WHEN the war between the United States and
Spain broke out Don Carlos is reported to
have declared his followers and himself would
sustain the Spanish Government in its fight; but
that if the Government consented to surrender a por
tion of the Spanish domain in any part of the world
he would at once assert his claim to the crown and
enter Spain at the head of an army for the purpose of
overthrowing the Government that had been found
incapable of maintaining the empire.
The war has been fought out and the Spanish Gov
ernment has surrendered all her islands in this hemis
phere, and virtually surrendered the Philippines. Don
Carlos, however, has not yet started on his march to
overthrow the Government. He has not even ap
peared on the Spanish frontier with a sword in one
hand and a manifesto in the other. Don Carlos, in
fact, seems to have collapsed as completely as any
other Spaniard.
It is gratifying that the Carlist insurrection which
threatened Spain has not occurred and that circum
stances tend to the conclusion that there will be no
serious civil outbreak in the kingdom of any kind.
There is no reason why there should be. All Spain
is responsible for the war. All Spaniards approved it.
Nearly all of them have suffered more or less from it.
All o! them have recognized the need of making
peace in order to avoid greater suffering that would
surely follow a continuance of hostilities. All of
them, therefore, should be willing to share the re
sponsibility of the surrender and make the best they
can of the situation.
The work of redeeming the past is not going to be
an easy task for the Spanish people, but if they will
let insurrections and civil disturbances alone they can
accomplish much, though, of course, their wide colo
nial empire is gone forever. They have, however, a
country rich in natural resources, capable of support
ing three or four times the present population and
possessed of a history whose records of accomplish
ment in art, literature and exploration are calculated
to arouse the highest faculties in the minds of the ris
ing generation. If they turn to these better things
and put away the old corruptions and tyrannies that
have degraded them, there is no reason why they
should not revive the ancient glory of their race and
become once more helpful to the world, instead of
being a cause of strife and war.
To start the Spanish people upon such an upward
course will tax the sagacity of her ablest statesmen
and the devotion of her truest patriots. She hap used
her colonies as sheep to be shorn when she needed or
wished the wealth she couM wring from them. Now
she must rely upon her own wealth. Upon her people
must rest the whole burden of taxation to maintain
the Government. There are no longer any lucrative
colonial offices to be distributed as the spoils of poli
tics. Economy must be practiced, and the practice
will come hard at first. There will be discontent,
which will prompt a Carlist insurrection. If that
should come to pass and the insurrection prove suc
cessful, perhaps the last chance for a revival of the
race would be lost and Spain would take her place ir
redeemably among what Lord Salisbury called the
"dying nations."
MORE fIBOUT THE CUBANS.
AS peace dawns the difficulties of oar situation
in regard to Cuba multiply.
This country must fall squarely back upon
the President's original ground, upon which he de
sired to receive the right of intervention to secure that
stability of government in Cuba which Spain had
failed to bring about.
Let it be repeated, often, that the yellow journals
wanted recognition of the Cuban insurgent govern
ment, which the President declined to give.
The world is in possession of evidence no r that the
insurgents were a small, lawless and disorderly ele
ment, which Spain in her decay and self-deception
and corruption was incapable of controlling. Let it
be understood that we did not make war for these de
generates, but in behalf of the civilized people of the
island who were suffering because Spain could no
longer protect their personal and property rights.
Abundant testimony has been printed to prove that
the first duty of the United States in Cuba will be to
do what Spain failed to do — protect the people against
the insurgents, and, if necessary, wipe the latter off
the face of the earth.
Major General Young, who commanded the Sec
ond Brigade in General Wheeler's division, adds his
statement to that of Fitzhugh Lee and all otherhonest
observers in Cuba. General Young is a native of
Pennsylvania and a regular army officer. He says:
"As far as my personal observation goes tlje insur
gents are a lot of degenerates, absolutely devoid of
honor or gratitude. They are no more capable of
self-government than the savages of Africa. They are
a mixture of the negro, Spanish, Italian and Indian,
and inherit only the bad qualities of each. The United
States cannot afford to turn Cuba over to them.
They would loot everything in sight and then turn in
and rob each other. Most of the leaders of the so
called Cuban army are adventurers, ready to sacrifice
everything and everybody to further their personal
ends. It is my opinion that few of them would hesi
tate to sell out to the Spaniards if fully convinced
that the United States will not deliver the island over
to them. We should never turn that beautiful and
rich island over to a lot of degenerates, who are not
capable of self-government."
If we were fighting for such a gang as is described
by General Young and others, who met the insur
gents face to face and not in the yellow journals,
Congressional speeches and pictorial magazines, we
were guilty of a farce and a folly. The only justifica
tion for the war is that we had to protect the rights
of man against these very insurgents because Spain
had failed in her daty. j
THE CRISIS IN SPAIN.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
After having attended a political con
vention lasting three days and far into
three nights it is difficult to come to
the consideration of anything else. I
have still ringing in my ears the en
comiums showered upon hopeful aspir
ants for office, who, being merely hu
man, did not deserve the praise they
got. I retain vivid recollections of
trickery exposed, of ambitions crushed,
of promises made in secret to be broken
in public. Men called each other liars
and had no trouble in establishing the
allegations. Honors thus being easy
such episodes closed at once. The con
vention did not develop one person of
extraordinary talent. Nobody rose
above the commonplace. There was
not a single masterful speech, although
that of Mayor Phelan was a good one,
the effect largely spoiled by undigni
fied action while Mr. Phelan was try
ing to help the Examiner nominate
Coffey. However excellent a jurist
Judge Coffey may be, and however
strong the faith in his integrity, the
handicap of yellow journalism's sup
port was too much for him. As though
this had not been too great a weight
the Los Angeles delegation must throw
its 81 votes to Coffey. Whatever that
delegation did was certain to excite
the antagonism of all other delega
tions. Thus its friendship was fatal.
To say a word concerning the Los
Angeles delegation fell to my lot dur
ing the week. I never saw a parcel
of men so effective in a negative way.
They came with arrogant demands for
everything; they went home beaten
and humiliated, after having richly
earned the experience. There were
two or three able men In the crowd,
but the rest were puppets, bound,
gagged and not daring to so much as
wipe the perspiration from their brows
without having solemnly caucused and
obtained the permission of Patton. I
do not understand how Patton or any
body else can dominate a free-born
American citizen in this fashion. To
me it is the strange feature of politics,
a profession into which I have dipped
only deep enough to see the corruption,
the insincerity, the open, palpable, un
blushing and generally unpunished
fraud. Men honest in their usual walk
in life leave their characters behind
them when they go into politics. I
would not take the word of a profes
sional politician on a matter relating
to politics, though he made oath to it,
swearing until black in the face by the
ashes of his grandmother. The up
right citizen, drifting casually toward
politics, finds what awaits him, and
either gets out or becomes a chronic,
living by his unholy wits. The indi
vidual who has no connection with
conventions more than to vote at a pri
mary, when the boss consents to the
holding of a primary, has no more to
say about who shall be nominated at
a. convention than he has about the
course of the planets or the tempera
ture of hades. Tha good citizen, elected
to office and remaining a good citizen,
is a happy accident. I wish he would
happen oftener.
• • •
Governor Budd seems to me an Ideal
chairman. He exercises complete con
trol, has a pleasing wit which acts as
oil on stormy billows, and while he oc
casionally violates parliamentary
usages, does it with so good a purpose
that instead of resulting in confusion
it allays tumult and dissipates chaos.
When he was succeeded by Cassin, the
contrast was painful. Cassin may
have ability in certain directions. I
think possibly he might plow corn. As
a chairman he is a complete, abject
and almost laughable failure. But a
sense of pity generally checked the hi
larious.
Of course, the convention has been
described in detail, and I only touch
now upoit some salient features of It.
The lack of enthusiasm was not
strange, but the lack of patriotism
was. The common emotion seemed to
be a concentrated greed for office. Na
tional airs excited no response until
some of us called attention to the fact
that such airs ought to be recognized,
and then the response was perfunctory
and inadequate. I have no doubt the
Republican convention this week will
take a lesson from this circumstance.
To sit under a canopy of flags and lis
ten to the "Star Spangled Banner"
without manifesting appreciation does
not seem to me either good American
ism or good Democracy.
Not enough has been said about the
gracious hospitality of Sacramento to
ward the two conventions. The man
ner in which the Pavilion had been
prepared bespoke a disregard of ex
pense, and the effect is highly artistic.
Even the weather has thus far been
kind, for while it has been warm it has
not been oppressive, although far dif
ferent from the sort prevailing in San
Francisco. One feature of the capital
city which strikes a summer visitor
from the metropolis is the beauty of
the girls as accentuated by the cos
tumes the state of the thermometer
permits them to wear. There are no
heavy wraps, no capes nor boas. (I
believe the arrangement San Fran
cisco ladies muffle their necks with in
the evening is a boa.) Instead, there
are lawns and muslins and laces
through which arms show, as beseems
the genuine summer girl. My only ex
cuse for ringing this in here is that
these summer girls constituted by far
the finest feature of the decorations
which lent charm to the Pavilion.
The convention this week will be on
a different scale. The men to receive
nominations will have a right to sup
pose that they will be elected and not
be obliged to carry on a fight with no
other reward than a consciousness that
to get licked Is sometimes a political
duty, from which the partisan patriot
must not shrink. I have a belief that
the Republicans will have no grreat
difficulty in winning as to everything
but the Governor, and that by naming
a good man from San Francisco, whose
record is clean, who is new to the ac
tivities of a campaign, they will elect
the head of the ticket. But, as I
noticed The Call saying a few days
ago, a campaign of apology would be
ruinous to the prospect of Republican
success.
• •
Several of the leading aspirants have
opened headquarters and are summon
ing their clansmen. They cannot be
blamed for this, yet I expect somebody
who has hardly more than been men
tioned to develop sudden strength at
the convention and carry off the hon
By HENRY JAMES.
ors. As to some of the aspirants now
mentioned. It would be a misfortune to
have them win at Sacramento, for they
wouldn't win later. However, I am
no prophet. These are not predict ons,
but guesses.
• • •
One of the interesting pretenses of
the Democratic situation is fusion. I
observed that the delegates were dis
gusted at the idea and heard them roar
that they would never submit. But
they went through the form of sub
mitting. They did not do it heartily,
as those to whom sober second thought
had brought new light, but in the sul
len manner of men whipped into line.
Probably few of the delegates, when
they vote next November, will vote for
the Populist candidate for Lieutenant
Governor. They will at least go so
far as to scratch him, whether or not
they vote for some other man. They
feel that the action of the Populists
was a presumption and they are sore
at not being able to say so right out
In meetin'.
• * •
But while there were no speeches of
note there were many which made the
sparks fly. The fights lent spirit to
an occasion which otherwise would
have been listless as stickless lemonade
and no ice. McNab was variously
called a liar, Braunhart wasn't called
much else, except to order. Dwyer,
Foote, Tarpey and Harney had war
paint on. The Los Angeles delegation
wrangled as to where they should be
stow their fatal favor. Addresses
fairly gleamed blue flame, but none of
the lot delivered was on broad lines
nor devoted to a nobler purpose than
that of throwing somebody down. It
was a greedy convention, all hungry
and few bones in sight. In the contest
between the two sets of San Francisco
patriots of course a decision was neces
sary. The one given did not accord
with my idea of justice. I would have
bounced both delegations.
The fight for Judge Coffey was pe
culiar, being a deliberate attempt to
job the country delegations. It was
instigated by the purists, of whom Mc-
Nab is a sample. It is a pity that Cof
fey's name was used, for it got among
bad associations. The Examiner made a
frantic effort on behalf of the unlucky
candidate, and so he died. But all the
world is not following, with bated
breath, the course of politics.
Another of the anonymous has sent
me a letter. I regret to note that it
was not written by a gentleman who
inadvertently neglected to sign it, but
by a foul and foolish blackguard, a
slinking ruffian, that combination of
coward and bully so irritating to the
sense of decency. I would not waste
time to answer it, yet mention the
matter to show that the document was
received.
• • *
There are some men so low, so diH
picable and so dangerous to the com
munity that they ought to be abolished.
Such a man is the one who shot the
elk at the park the other morning- He
deserves to be hanged, not for that act
alone, but for the character the act
shows him to possess. He would com
mit murder as quickly, provided he
could catch a victim asleep. There Is
no assurance of safety from violence
so long as this brute is at large. I sin
cerely hope he will be detected and
killed while resisting arrest.
If the police of this city and Dover
combined cannot find out who sent the
fatal candy to Mrs. Dunning they will
demonstrate a strange lack of intelli
gence. The woman is said to have been
annoyed by anonymous letters, in them
selves of a distressing character, and I
have no doubt the sender of the letters
also sent the poison. Anybody so vicious
as to send a threatening letter with
out signature is vicious enough for any
other form of crime. I get many let
ters myself, somewhat abusive, but
these come from persons so evidently
perverts, and stirred for the moment
by some impulse of idiocy, that I have
learned to smile at them. But when
there is a series of letters, breathing
malice and amounting to persecution,
the author of them would not hesitate
to poison an acquaintance, burn a barn
or strangle a babe.
* *
As much as Sacramentans think of
their city, they will not go so far as
to advise the stranger sojourning there
to drink freely of the water. I was
warned by a resident to assuage thirst
by the use of some other flu|d, and
from the conduct of many gentlemen
there in the Interest of reform, I judge
this counsel was freely given and gen
erally accepted.
Phil Francis of the Stockton Mail
has come under the influence of the
Visalia bard. The sweet and seduc
tive warble of that soulful master of
song catches us all sooner or later.
When baggage reaches this city by
9 o'clock at night, is there any good
reason why It should not be delivered
until the next morning? I have been
trying to think of one, and nothing
suggests itself but the fact that some
concern has a monopoly of the busi
ness so far as incoming trains are con
cerned.
• *
Information that Tom Garrett, late
city editor of the Examiner, has be
come a reporter for a Los Angeles pa
per noted for the lack of size in the
salaries it pays is a surprise. Time
was when Garrett was potent. He was
close to the Hearst throne, and had ac
cess to the royal ear. To his own
trembling force of reporters he would
give orders as final as those of "She,"
the lady of fiction, who just had to be
obeyed. Garrett was known to enter
tain pleasing visions of the day he was
to succeed Lawrence, and make hi*
first official act that of kicking his
enemy into the street. As a prelimi
nary move he resigned, expecting to be
called back, but the summons failed
to arrive. Ido not state these facts
in any spirit of disregard for Mr. Gar
rett, and I would have been glad to
have witnessed his triumph. If a Jour
nalist working under Andy has not the
right to look forward to the possibil
ity of achieving freedom, the restric
tion should be at once removed. After
all, the change will do Garrett good.
He will realize that there is no profit
in holding a club over the heads of
subordinates, that an order given in a
gentlemanly way is apt to be effective,
and that the wisdom oi making ene
mies where friends might as easily be
made has never been demonstrated.
• • *
In the opinion of Judge Wallace, Ju-
) ries might well be abolished. lam
pleased to agree with him. Many of
the juries in criminal cases are worse
than useless, because they devote their
1 time to the overthrowing of justice and
j the bringing of the law into contempt.
His Honor's remai-ks were excited by
the verdict of simple assault returned
I against a tough who. in a deliberate
| attempt to murder, h.id shot two
i pie. Neither of the wounds was fatal.
The public would have been bettr-r
pleased had both been fatal, for the
people shot also belonged to the super
fluous class. However, there is noth
ing 1 in the statutes providing that ona
criminal shall have a right to kill an
other, or even essay to do so. Tha
prisoner should have bten sent to the
penitentiary, partly for shooting and
partly for not having shot straighter.
I hope upon his release from the petty
Jail sentence he must serve he will
hunt up his gun and take a crack at a
juryman. # , ,
Some friend sends me a copy of "Tho
Coming Light.' 1 The impression first
created by a glance at the magazine is
that it is edited at Agnews. This week
my time is too short to more than ac
knowledge receipt, but later I shall
take pleasure in trying to ascertain
what the editor is blithering about.
Meantime I can offer her only my sym
pathy and the hope that she will get
over the attack of which I take tha
magazine to be a symptom.
O'MALLEY'S REPORT OF THE
DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION.
The convention met. Mr. McNab
spoke •
Thin Jo Dwyer spoke, and O'Brien
spoke.
Thin Major Harney spoke, and
Gallagher talked back.
Thin Jim Phelan spoka
And McNab spoke.
Thin Vogelsang spoke,
And Edelman spoke.
And Cassin spoke.
And Dwyer called
Sam Braunhart a liar,
And Billy Fut called
McNab a liar,
And Dockweiler called
Everybody a liar.
.Thin Sullivan spoke.
And Doolfyi spoke.
Thin McNab said that
Mike Tarpey lied.
And Fitzgerald spoke.
Magulre was nominated
And spoke.
Thin John P. Dunn spoke,
And Dooley he spoke.
Thin Jim Barry spoke,
And Max Popper spoke.
Clitus Barber, he chewed.
Thin John Gaffey spoke,
And Donohue and
Shay and Fay and-
Foley and Jim Phelan,
And Cassin, and McCray
And O' Sullivan. Hennessey,
Fennessey, Ahem and
Ryan, O'Leary, O'Meara,
O'Neill. Coffey, Conley,
Conologue, Reddy, Rourke
And Murphy, they all sp ke,
And the convention was over and
It adjourned.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
■ m ■
Dr. E. O. Jellinek has returned from
Europe. His office will be located at 767
Sutter street. j' *
Special information . supplied I dally .to
business houses and public men by tba
Press Clipping- Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. . •
» ♦ «
"Isn't there something in my policy,"
asked a caller at a La Salle street insur
ance office the other day, "about my hav
ing to 'report any change of residence'?"
"Yes, sir," said the man at the nearest
desk, picking up a pen. "Where have
you moved to?"
"I haven't moved anywhere," rejoined
the caller. "I have made a change in my
residence by painting it a light straw
color and putting a Jack on the kitchen
chimney. I think that's all. Good-by."—
Chicago Tribune.
Stationery and Printing.
Newest tints and shapes in fine writlr.g
papers. Koh-i-noor pencils. Waterman
pens, blankbooks, "Flag" tablets and en
velopes, playing and tally cards. We do
all kinds of printing. Visiting cards and
invitations a specialty. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
Was a Close Friend of Gladstone.
A leader of London society, Mrs. As«
quith, formerly Margaret Tennant, had
the honor of being a close friend of Glad
stone, the late English statesman. Sho
was the only woman outside of his fam
ily with whom he liked to talk and whom;
he admitted to his library wnile working.
First and Second
Class rates again reduced via the Santa F«
route. Call at the new ticket office, 928 Market.
Only the best, for the best only. Among 1 the
the barrels, 863 Market st.
Kails Bent by Heat.
During the recent spell of very warm
weather a member of the editorial staff
of the Railroad Gazette had an opnortu
nity to see the effect on track of the ex
pansion of rails under heat. The train
In which he was traveling was stopped
because about 60 feet of track had been
thrown some eleven Inches out of lino.
The gauge was not much disturbed, but
both rails and the ties were swung out.
\ve are told that on a neighboring rail
road somewhat similar conditions were
found in at least five different places.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 MACK AY'S HBB '
Furniture
I Must
I Go!
B THIS DEPARTMENT TO BE EN-
TIRELY CLOSED OUT. .;,:
H $33,000 WORTH OF FURNITURE AT ■
! ACTUAL COST. . : v4
■ Stock complete in every detail. A ;
■ rare opportunity to buy good goods.
■ At auction prices. A few quotations' ' '
<j SOLID OAK CENTER TABLES .45c I
9 SOLID OAK DINING CHAIRS. ...OOC I
9 SOLID OAK COBBLER HOCK- " ,
B • ERS ■ 81/75- i
B SOLID OAK UPHOLSTERED H
B ARM ROCKERS .7.7 *2.90 |
■ CEDAR BOX COUCH IN
DENIM 87 35 I
■ 3 PIECE EASTERN "HARD-* " I
:• WOOD CHAMBER SETS. . 512.05 1
■ ANTIQUE PILLAR EXTEN- I
• SION -TABLES...... . . g(5.75 B
M CORDUROY- COUCHES ' "§6.«5 H
d BED LOUNGES (Patent)!"" "'.'.'.'. 9&2& . H
i About 25 hish > grade CHAMBKH t
3 ITS in quartered oak. Bird's Eye ■
I Maple, Solid Mahogany, at correspond- • I
a In prices. Brass and Enameled Beds I
B at any price. . ' I
S CARPETS!
1 In This Department During ?
FURNITURE CLOSE OUT
H*n L ° PRICES PREVAIL __
1 20 r a » p rns SMITH'S TAPESTKT..Sgg Eg
I MOQt'ETTE RUGS - 36x72 v.v.v.v.%c . I
« MOQUETTE RUGS, 36x72 *»» ■
a LIXfU.Kr-n .... \ 45c I
I WINDOW OPAQUE" SHADES,
i : 3x7 /....;.'. ...40o':
I ALEX. MACKAY & SON, I
3 715 Market St. - |HONOR TO THE LAND OF THE SHAMROCK.
Gayety and Color at the Inauguration of the Celtic Union's Irish
Fair at Mechanics' Pavilion,
In the Celtic tongue. "Cead maille
faltha,:' which being translated means
"a hundred thousand welcomes, was
the' sentiment that was upon every
tongue at the Inauguration of the
great Irish exposition at Mechanics
Pavilion last night. Seldom has so
brilliant an assemblage been gathered
within the big building.
There was light and color and gay
cty wherever the eyes wandered, and
all connected with the groat undertak
ing were being congratulated on every
side for the successful opening and the
promise it gave of greater success still
in store. The object of the promoters
of the fair i- the erection of a splendid
building under the roof of which may
be gathered ail the Celtic societies in
this city.
The spectators filled even' aisle and
all the space on the floor, making loco
motion a matter of extreme difficulty.
This, spoiled in a degrt-e the effect of
the grand march headed by Uncle Sam
and the Maid of Erin appropriately
garbed. In the march were all the
ladles Identified with the various
booths. The majority were In white or
light colors, and presented a pictur
esque appearance under the calcium
lights. The ladies of the Japanese tea
garden were clothed in the most
"Jappy. Jap. Jappy" of Oriental cos
tumes.
At the conclusion of the march the
.fair was formally opened by Uncle
Sam, Impersonated by R. E. Lynch,
who handed to ftfata of Erin the
golden key of the country. He said:
.Fair Maid of Erin: It Is my pleasant
duty to present to you In behalf pf my
seventy million subjects and of the three
new stars which I have added to my starry
banner,- the golden key of my country, em
blematic of our wealth and prosperity and
Of my favorite State, California. I place
It In your fair hands confident that no one
Will cherish it more highly.
.' Maid of Erin, in the person of Mrs.
F. E. Dunn, responded, saying:
Proudly I accept the key which you have
offered. Cheerfully would I bear It with
me across the seas, because It stands for
that freedom which every Irishman so
ardently desires. When once a*ain I land
on Ireland's shores, the knowledge that I
have held the key of Liberty in my hands;
that I was Joyfully received by a free peo
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
John E. Bufld of Stockton is registered j
Mr?. J. R viand and child of San Jose j
are at the California-
James A. Bulkeley of Sydney, N. S. W.,
Is at the Occidental.
F. S. Chase and wtfe of Colusa are
guests at the Grand.
J. R. Burdeels is at the California, ac
companied by his wifo.
Dr. J. Benkers of Llvermore Is at the
Grand for a short stay.
W. E. Mann and wife of Spokane are
guests at the Occidental.
E. D- Goodrich of New York and J. I.
Blade of Peoria, 111., are at the Lick.
W. S. Morrisson, a prominent ritlzen of
Ban Jose, is at the California with his
;w!fe. '
M. Sarlcheff, who is connected with the j
Russian consular Bervice, is at the Occl- :
dental.
E. W. Runyon, the prominent banker I
of. Red Bluff, Is one of the arrivals at the
Palace.
George E. Maclean, who is extensively
.engaged in ranching in Lincoln, Nebr., |
is at the Palace.
Miss Pauline Wormser of this city, who
has been making an exetended Eastern
trip, will return shortly.
Charles C. Derby and wife of New Al
•■ ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
-' V/^^tr^^«^ If you want to be cured
J&^S-^^SsWb^. or strengthened consult
tf^jpH^S^^B Dr. Meyers & Co. They
w^ST w? have been successful In
i«W '■ treating diseases nnd
' <**£at •_- . .11 weakness of men for 17
ifW. *T^lMt^v -ear?. They have the
V,l & f^Sj iWJ largest and best equipped
.-' V* — hj institution on the coast
' 2j JCM\ for treatlng ailments of
"• ■*• %M *j2&%sfr Aliments recently con-
vfe' Njfiv Vwi,li>)StS -i trnrtcd or thof=e whlcn
£■ have become dangerous
' fcyij Nj^BiL ll |Sr.4lf from bad treatment or
•r*s(l n3U— aaJM>w-2> neglect are quickly and
• ' .;i-*\ TB<aSri%NJ^ permanently cured by Dr.
. - . Meyers & Co.
Victims of nervous debility, partial ■or com-
plete loss of vital power, drains, losses, etc..
. which have b«-cn brought on by excesses, in-
• discretions, overwork, worry. etc., . quickly
•and .permanently restored to perfect manhood.
No Pay Till Cured— Consultation Free.
■ You take no chances In treating with Dr. Mey-
ers .Si. Co.. They will not only make you sound
• and well, but you may keep your money until
■•you "we permanently cured. Dr. Meyers & Co.'s
' ■dealings with patients, either at office or by
• mall, are sacredly confidential.
' While a personal interview is preferable,
•th'ou«ands are cured without seeing the doctors,
Sufferers who cannot visit the city or call on
a part of the staff when they make their reg-u-
• Mar- monthly visits to interior towns, should
•write for private book for men, free gratlse on
■ ny ••disease," symptom blanks and advice. All
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
.' 731 Market St., San Francisco.
X i trr nr i TAn Hours dally sto 12—1 to 6.
• TAKE ELEVATOR £-557 £ £
pie; that I have breathed the air of free
dom, will revive and animate me until the
day comes when British, oppression shall
give way to Irish patriotism, and old glory
and the harp and shamrock shall wave Bide
by Fide as they have done to-night.
James R. Kelly, chairman of the
honorary advisory board of the fair,
spoke' in part as follows:
"It Is gratifying to the friends of
the Celtic Union to see this vast as
semblage and the interest it has man
ifested In the noble work for which
this fair was arranged. It is pleas
ing to the men who are working so un
selfishly to note this appreciation. It
shows that the people of dear old
California are ever ready to assist in
all good works."
The desire of the Celtic Union, com
posed of many Irish societies, to build
a hall is a laudable one, and will do
much to bring the Irish people of this
city into closer relationship
Mayor Phelan was the next speak
er, and his address was pitched in a
happy key. He eulogized the Irish
race and its patriots who have fought
on so many fields in this as well as in
their own distressed country. He re
minded those present that this was
the one hundredth anniversary of the
Irish Rebellion, and that It was the
duty of Irishmen to revere and honor
the memory thereof even in this re-
Senator White and Chief Justice W.
H Hatty spoke in the same strain,
and gave way to J. J. Dwyer. He
said:
This Is not the time, nor are the condi
tions suitable, to make an extended speech.
Nevertheless, It Is the time and the condi
tions demand that we of Irish blood, upon
the opening of this novel and prand exhi
bition, should give public expression to some
of the feelinps and ideas which possess us
at this glorious period of our country's his
tory. The war with Ppain Is over. The
dark clouds which enveloped our land and
broupht desolation to the hearthstone of so
many of our homes have rolled by and a
generous and pelf-reliant people once more
bask in the glorious sun of victory and
peace.
It Is Indeed a victory, unparalleled, un
stained by dishonor, unmarked by excesses
or Inhumanities. American institutions have
. come forth from the ordeal of fire stronger
than ever..
Fellow citizens, I congratulate you on this
maden, TV. J. Davenport and family of
Colfax, Wash., and Charles B. Scott and
wife of Denver, are some of the guests at
the Occidental.
Dr. W. F. Southard and wife of this
city have returned from Santa Barbara,
where they spent a couple of we^ks.
Henry R. Levy, one of San Bernar
dino's leading business men, arrived in
town yesterday on his semi-annual visit.
Superior Judge Fletcher A. Cutler of
Del Norte County, one of the lending
spirits at the last Demooraic convention.
Is a guest at the Baldwin, and yester
day n.fterrJoon, after attending 1 to consid
erable business about town, feeling a lit
tle fatigued, he decided to retire to his
room for an afternoon nap. He was
walking out Market street, and, in some
unaccountable way, he got the entrances
of the hotel and the theater mixed up,
and entering the playhouse he soon found
himsc-lf trr-ading the intricate paths of
the orchestra and dress circle, finally
reaching the stage.
It must be known that the theater,
as well as the hotel, have been turned
over to the enrpenter and the painter
for extensive alterations-, but this very
fart only added to the confusion of the
judicial mind, for Judge Cutler had al
ready been made familiar with scaffold
ings, paint pots and other paraphernalia
necessary to renovation by having often
come into contact with them in the hotel.
Therefore when he found himself on the
stage of the theater he addressed him
self to one of the workmen and said
somewhat impatiently, "Where Is that
infernal elevator in this hotel. I have
been looking for it for ten minutes, but
everything is so topsy turvy I cannot
find it. I'll be blessed If I walk up five
flights of stairs, c-ither."
By this time Manager Frledlander, who
was inspecting the improvements, notic
ing the actions of the Judge and over
hearing hIH remarks, said to him, "I beg
your pardon, my friend, but you are not
in the hotel."
"Not in the hotel," said the Judge.
"Well, where am I, then?"
'•You are on the stage of the Baldwin
Theater," said Frledlander.
The Judge looked aghast at his inform
ant and said in his most tragic manner:
•'"Well. I must say that this is my first
appearance on any stage. I can now
tell my political friends that I have
made my profeesional debut. But I see
so little enthusiasm displayed that I
think I had better make my exit," which
the Judge did forthwith.
Robert M. Mappes, city editor of the
Fresno Republican, is spending his vaca
tion in this city, In company with his
wife.
John S. Mosby of Denver, Horace S.
Bradford of New York and J. W. Knox
of Merced are among the arrivals at the
Palace.
P. A. L. Mannheim, who has large min
ing and smelting Interests in Helena,
Mont., will be at the California for a
■hort while.
Judge K. V. Spencer of Susanville, J.
E Rathbun and wife of Williams and
Sheriff William Harkey of Yuba County
are registered at the Russ.
Robert Nixon, proprietor of the Yreka
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1898.
auspicious opening of the Irish fair. The
glories of war must be rivaled by the vic
tories of peace, and in every field of human
endeavor, in art, in science. In industry
and invention, may we continue with cour
age and energy to show to the world that
despite seven centuries of tyranny and op
pression, of enforced ignorance and planned
degradation, there ts still left In the Irish
character those qualities of manhood which
nre proof alike against famine and gibbet,
atrainst ridicule and prejudice, and which
happily now are finding in this our beloved
country the opportunity to unite with our
fellow citizens in building up the prand
fabric of American civilization and the glor
ious figure of Americun citizenship.
The addresses were followed by the
grand chorus under J. W. McKenzie.
The singers rendered "The Star-Span
gled Banner," "Columbia." and Kll
larney" In a pleasing manner. The mu
sic throughout the evening, under the
direction of Bandmaster George Ben
nett, was all that could be desired.
The programme was both well chosen
and well rendered.
The American booth, which occupies
the place of honor on the main floor, is
Classic in its simplicity. It is a repro
ductlon of the Capitol dome at Wash
ington and is the design of Frank T.
Shea. To the natural attractiveness of
the booth is added the beauty of the
young ladieß of the Knights of St.
Tatrick. so that it Is little wonder that
it was (it all times surrounded by an
eager throng of spectators. The booth
is decorated with thousands of vari
colored electric lichts and at the top
the stars and stripes float proudly to
the breeze. The ynunp ladies of the
booth are all gowned in snowy white
duck relieved at the throat and waist
with silken American colors. Mayor
Phelan has presented a silk flap, for
which votes are being received. The
competition is open to all societies, Ir
respective of Irish affiliations.
Blarney Castle attracted universal
attention owinp to the efforts to kiss
the farfamed Blarney stone. To ac
complish this a person had to be heid
by the body and suspended head down
ward from a narrow window. The
struggles of the worshipers at the
shrine >>f Blarney amused the specta
tors immensely.
All the booths are attractive and the
fair is an assured success. It will be
closed to-day.
Journal; A. Briefer and family of Arroyo
Grande and Alfred Musto. a merchant of
Stockton, are staying at the Grand.
lieutenant B. Cedlc and Pierre Dumar
est of the French army arrived in the
steamship Glenfarg yesterday and regis
tered at the Palace from Saigon, Cochin
China.
E. S. Babcock, manager of the Coro
nado Beach Hotel; W. E. Bliss, a New
York bunker; W. D. Douglas, a mer
chant of Winnipeg, and E. D. Wood,
who is engaged in the wool business in
New York City, are among those who
registered at the Palace yesterday.
» ♦ «
CAXIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Aug. 20.— J. W. Kelly of
San Francisco is at the Netherland;
Captain J. F. Harcourt and S. H. Per
kins of San Francisco are at the Ven
dome.
NEW STEAMSHIP LINE
TO PLY ON THE PACIFIC
First California and Oriental Steamer
to Sail From San Diego in
December.
LOS ANGELES, Aup. 20.— The first
steamer of the California and Oriental
Steamship Company will sail from San
Diego for Japan and China, via Hono
lulu, in December, and thereafter
steamers will leave that port for the
Orient every twenty-five days.
This was the assertion made to-night
by A. H. Butler of San Diego, president
of the steamship company. Mr. Butler
has Just come back from New York,
where he has been for several months
successfully endeavoring to Interest
capital in the new steamship line. He
returned last night to bo arrange his
business affairs that he can leave for
Honolulu, Yokohama, Hongkong and
other important ports to be touched by
the steamers of the new company. On
his trip to Asiatic cities he will be ac
companied by Vice President Tweedle
of the company, their purpose being to
establish agencies for the company In
all the important cities on that side of
the ocean. They will leave early in
September and expect to return In time
to witness the sailing of their first ves
sel three months later.
r. NO LIMIT* ON COST. |
NO LIMIT ON COST.
Herreshofts Given Carte Blanche in
Building the New Yacht.
BOSTON, Aug. 20.— A Globe special
from Providence says that Herreshoffs
will soon turn out the fastest and cost
liest ninety-footer ever built. The con
tract has been signed with the Morgan-
Iselln syndicate without conditions as
to the cost, which is placed at $120,000.
The new boat will have a keel with
aluminum hull.
Smith's Dandruff Pomade
Has proved Itself to be a natural fivlgor
ator to the roots of the hair; gives tone
and vitality to the scalp, and it is the
best remedy known for dandruff. Itching
scalp and falling hair; price. 50c. Sample
sent free by Smith Bros., Fresno, Cal. •
DESERTERS ON
SUGAR BOATS
Dozens of Them Work
ing Their Way Home.
TO BE ARRESTED ON ARRIVAL
SEVERAL BOYS IN BLUE iAAN
AWAY AT HONOLULU.
The Humooldt Sailed for St. Michael
Witu Soldiers and the Ari
zona Went in the
Stream.
Tho British steamer Glenfarg. under |
charter to the Pacific Mail Steamship |
Company, arrived from Hongkong: via '.
Yokohama ami Honolulu yesterday. She j
was off the heads Friday night and an
chored inside th>' lightship until daybreak.
The Glenfarg left Honolulu on the 11th
inst. at 5:30 p. m., and the next day at
noon the stars and stripes were to be
raised. Great preparations had been made
for the event and the town was on tha
tiptoe of expectation when the steamer j
sailed. I
The Glenfarg brought up a batch of
warrants for the arrest of deserters from |
the army. It appears that a great num- j
ber of the volunteers ran away in Hono- i
lulu and are making their way back to |
the coast on sailing vessels. Every BUgar
boat now on the way is said to have one |
or more deserters aboard, and the war- j
rants will be served as soon as the the !
fleet reaches port. The barkentlne <". 1).
Bryant, which left Honolulu on the 9th j
inst., is said to have two deserters aboard
and they will be arrested as soon as the
vessel drops anchor.
Just before the Glenfarg reached Ha
waii the American schooner Brie, from
Puget Sound for China with a load of
lumber, anchored off Honolulu. Captain
Charles Roos was very sick and wa.s
landed, after which the schooner pro
ceeded on her voyage.
The Glenfarg brought the following
cabin passengers: Pierce Dumarpat, Lieu
tenant B. Cedic, W. C, Becker, George ;
Becker and M. Sarachieff. In the steer- j
age there were four soldiers, two of i
whom are "time expired men," and the i
others were invalided home-.
The Glenfarg is to be followed by the |
Glengyle and the Glenshiel. The latter is
known here, having made a voyage under
charter to the Occidental and Oriental ;
Steamship Company. The Qlenfarg is th-»
Unest class of "tramp" that has ever i
come to San Francisco. All the material
used In her construction is of the very i
best, so while she was only built for "a
ten-knot ship" she averaged eleven knots
all the way from Hongkong to San Fran
dSCO. Her cabin accommodation is small
but very comfortable while her carrying
capacity ts large. The <;ien line will only ,
run until the Government turns the trans
ports back to the Mail Company.
The soldiers went aboard the troopship I
Arizona yesterday afternoon, but it was !
| this morning before the steamer went into ;
! the stream. She bad to move at the top ;
!of high water because of her great '■
I draught, and even then she had som-* I
trouble getting away from the wharf, i
The Arizona ts thp largest transport that |
has so far tnken troops aboard, and she |
is to be taken out by the youngest pilot i
in the port. Captain Fred Mathloson is a !
native son. and besides being a clever
> navigator knows the harbor of Manila
i ami its approaches. No better master
I could be got f<«r piloting the big troop
ship into deep water.
The transport Humboldt got away for
St. Michael at 3:30 p. m. yesterday. Short- j
j ly before noon the soldiers were all paid, ,
, and Sergeant Tom Mahoney had to send
! for another detail of officers In order
to keep the men on the steamer. That !
i money was burning a hole In their pock- i
ets. and they wanted to spend some of '
it in. the worst way. In spite of the vigi
lance of their guards some of the sol
i dler? got away, and inside of thirty mm- ,
uf-s were extraordinarily happy. The I
Humboldt takes the members of the I
ADVERTISEMENTS. . , '^
ff\m /^k m3^p t *\Jk fl fAS ff%
(^Ep^^"s3/ %lpft*» f $130-00 PER MONTH and rxpra.rs made bj all oar
wB^S bS^C^^ami k *^Jw UVa \ui n4 m An In ovafu r*rt ii nf u in tne vj nlted otatcA.
wh Tmttni^^r -^Bjfsi<ft3 l sf^!%w w»c wain nidi 111 cici y wuumj \* »Q«p reference Is
_^pSSS '3$ Bk/jS^O "*\ » ft tlsf »ctory w. will Hart yoa at oar c. !l r o *ip«rleatc a**»«-
[I™^Ql pm Hifyj^YmSKJi til f V\- trade eomplet* outfit ready forbuBlness.>»«o««l»-
*^^il' / ''Mawi*** ' < *^^3D nßm,ms'n Bm,ms' In reply to' your ; We Want to Engage You
"^L?£Sfr^L^^ 48*^ letter rrquostlne the nw of my ; t,keordfr« for oar ■adr-
* CwjSir^^^^^ photojrraph for ad vertlpinfr pur- . d#(rn«dXl aflßrt>rontota
t pleanedwith the work.woßldßaTldonot object^your^sin^my | J4' nn ° t jf"» d f^^ o " ts f "we .
S )ur prices are very low and (rarments so exact to my measurements that I Klad- " n ™  ,„ Vhl w« to tati
: Should you write Mr. Doyle, be suro to enclose a2c stamp for reply. ', °" r '" f " ,„„ ' „_ , . .
: We hare hundred* of Ifttw.ftelltMo Mr. Poylr-P. ,,,,,,,,./,,,,,,,,.... T«wnifc."™^«pe{m»-I
lie 'Vfj'rr ' Ttl'c" I »IJRP«iT Till OR<5 IN AMPRIPA of Flee Cmtom.Hadu fiarm»at.. We buy our cloth dl-
WE ARE Trie LAKbtoi IAILUHS m wi.it.muw Tgrt from the larpest Kcropr.n ana *«frifaii sin*.
We control the product of sereral woolen mills. Wo operate the most extenslTe and economic custom tailoring
slants In existence, thus reducing the price of Sail. aad Owreoat. .adr-to-order to »6.00 aad a p«ard; Paata from
»l?i0t«»5,00; Prices so low that nearly everyone in your county will b9 glad to have their Suits and
Overcoats made to ordor. Vmi 1 l»nr»i Kand.ome leather bound book eoMilnlng tar*. cloth .amplr. of onr ♦nllre
WE rUtA>M»»rl! TUU ll nPo fSu!tlß|ri.,O«rro«tlD!t!iand r..Uloonlni..a boo* which cost? us several
dollars to r«t\in Flae Colored Fashion Pl.tM,la.troetlon Book. Tape Hrasarr. Du.inr.ii Card.. St»U<.«rrr, Ad«rtl.ln
HatterVoaraaio. ia r«bbrr .tamp with pad eomplrto. We also furnish you a 8«lr«»ii»-. N*l Co.Bdi-aUal PH»» M.t. The
prices are If ft blank under each description so you can fill in your own selling prices, arranfrinij your profit .to
suit Tourselt As soon as you have received your samplo book and g eneral outfit and have read our book of lnstruc- .
Ji^nJea™fuliv which teaches you how to tike orders.and marked in your Belling price you are ready for bn?in-M
and can becin taking orders from every one. At your low prices business men.farmors.andln fact overy one will
order their made. feu tan take n«.er»l order. e.«ry diy at $1.00 to (S.OOproll oaeaeh order.fortTerjoaewlllh.
vni"i' i ijtrnmD rr c 0W »l > *lliiniUPY Just take the orders and pend them tons and we will make the garments
■UU HcljUlnt TiV WUniCI 6 days and . e nd direct to your customers by express C. O. D., subject
to examination and approval.at your Belllnp: prlce.and collect your full eeHinsr price, and every week we will send
too a cheek tot all your profit. Ton collect bo nonej, dell.or bo noodi. simply go on taking orders, addinr a lib-
eral proflt.and ye deliver the roods, collect all the money and every *^k promptlysen.l yon in on^undcheck
jour full proat for tne week.Nearly all our (,-ood men g«t ft check from Ub of at least MO.OO every week in the year.
THE OUTFIT IS FREE ar.^TaTEWoW.VtSIS
US SEVERAL DOLLARS, to protect ourselves against many who would imposs on us by sending for
the outfit with no Intention of working, but merely out of idle curiosity. AS A GUAHANtEE OF G?JOD
FAITH ON THE PART OF EVERY APPLICANT, we require you to fill out the blank line* below, giving the
names of two parties as reference, and further agreeing to pay ONE DOLLAR and express charges for the
outfit when received, if found as represented and really a sure way of making big wages. The $1.00 you
aaree to Day when outfit is received does not begin to pay the cost to us but insures us you mean business.
"c WILL REFUND YOUR $1.00 AS SOON AS YOU ORDERS HAVE AMOUNTED TO $26.00. which
amount you can take the first day you work. v -V;
Fill out the following lines carefully.sign your name.cut out and send to us.and the outfit «ill be sent you at ones
AMERICAN WOOLEN MILLS CO., Enterprise CHICAGO, ILL.
flnniin — send me by express C. 0. D., subject to examination,- your Sample Boole and Com-
plete Salesman's Outfit, as described above. I agree to examine It at tho express office and If found exactly ;
as represented and I feel I can make good big watros taking orders for you. 1 a^ree to pay the eriiress "-Ifent.as
airuarantee of iroodfalth.and to show I mean business, Oae Dollar and exprc*. ebar«*a, with the understanding the
One Dollar is to be refunded to me as soon as my Bales have amounted to*».QO. If not found as represent ed and
lam not perfectly satisfied 1 aball not take the outfit or pay one cent. ' B.H.
*«•«»«».... "61(tb your name' on above line. ■ ■_. .•..•••••••••••••••••"••••••••*••-••••"
" Kama of pbitofflee.Coun'ty anil State on above line. q^ aDOVO two lines jrive as reference the names of tw»
men over2l years of ace who have known you on*
year or longer.
Tour age........ ; ,
. - " ; " ■ ■ ' - ■ : ' . ■ ~ s - '
Married or single .....................•'.. -.* •On aboVe 'linegrlvVnamoof your nearest express offlo*.
- Address your letters plainly to ;... . , ■ . : \-1,.« . *,#» i. ■
AMERICAN WOOLEN MILLS CO., Enterprise Building. CHICAGO, ILL.
Third Artillery to St. Michael, and from
ther« they will be taken to various sta
tions on the Yukon on river steamers.
The torpedo boat destroyer Farragut
was out for another trial on the ba> ,
yesterday. At the T'nion Iron VJ orks
they refused to say whether she was a
success or not, but the general impres
sion is that she did not make the requi
site thirty knots an hour. She will na\e
another trial to-morrow.
The investigation into the collision be
tween the McDowell and the Scandias
launch was completed yesterday, me
board will report to General Merrlam.
after which the findings will be {riven
out. The remains of the late Mrs Pax
ton have not been recovered, althougn
a portion of the launch that fell off
when it was being raised was recov
ered Tho general opinion along the
front is that the body has been swept
in among the piles and may never come
to the surface.
Reinsurance is being paid on quite a.
number of overdue vessels. The barK
George F. Manson, now out 109 days
from flvflney. N. B. W., has had 20 per
cent paid. The British ship Miterdale,
which sailed from Newcastle N. S \\ . .
for Callao on April an. has had .0 per
cent paid on her. while the Forthbank.
IST days out from Sicily for Portland,
and the City of Athens 163 days from
Antwerp for Los Angeles, have each
bad 10 por rent paid on them. Both ves
selfl have been spoken, the Athens on
April ''4 in latitude 24. 1P south. 24 west.
and the Forthbank on April 15. In lati
tude 7 south, longitude 2fi west. The
City of fc.the.ns was only to discharge
; , rt of her cargo at Los Angeles, and
was then to proceed to Portland with
> tb'- remainder.
The United States steamer Active nas
been ordered to Puflfet Sound for patrol
duty The Fearless will probably be
cent" to Honolulu, and the Vigilant to
°FraJrik*Zeiio. a deserting mess boy from
tho tranipcrt Indiana, came up from
Honolulu on the barrkentlne Archer
yesterday. He says the troop ship was
i a hell upon earth, and fifteen men be-
I sides himself deserted her.
:
A PAGEANT OF FLAME.
A Successful Pyrotechnical Display
of Battle Scenes at Central Park.
The initial performance of the pyro
technic war display at Central Park last
night proved a complete success <n every
detail. At the firing: of a bomb six cal
cium lights were turned on a scene of
splendor, a representation of the harbor
of Havana, dressed in military setting
Then the color pageant began. Special
ties including beautiful ballets and some
rare acrobatic feats varied the spectacu
iila'r Bide of the display. The approach
Of the battle-ship Maine. its destruction
and the slow sinking of its great null,
was perhaps the most realistic of all the
scenes. .
With a sweep of the light the specta
tor is hurried from one side of the; world
to another, from the Atlantic to the far
Pacitic where the most c u >r° u *™*£%%
mtnt of the war was fought T he r.s
of Cavite are shown, and then follows
I he battle of Manila Tne shells H*h
! through the air. leaving a flerj tra< k^
i the boom of the cannons is heard from
i the fort? the fires of the sinking ships
illuminated the skies, and the glory of
American arms on land and sea cro./na
the end. The last number on the pro
gramme was purely yroteohnleal. ihe
nortralt of Dewey was exhibited. Ihe
fate addition to the Union, the new star
of Haw" 1. and some allegorical pictures
were shown in flame, all of which made
a fttlng close to a most brilliant scenic
| and tableaux exhibition.
On the Tennis Courts.
The courts of the California Lawn
Tennis Club, Bush and Scott streets,
were crowded yesterday, the attraction
being a series of impromptu matche.? In
doubles. George Whitney was in exce--
| cI ' form, and with his part no. -, H.
3mlth won the majority of the sets
nlayed Four teams were entered and
showed that "love of a game in al. its
variety.
Advances mad* on furniture and pianos with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
FOREST FIRES ABATED.
Damage Incurred Atoout TJkiah. Found
to Be Very Slight.
T'KIAH. Aur. 20.— The forest fires which
have for pome flays been burning west of
town have entirely subsided, an.l the at
nn.sphore is now remarkably clear. The
chance is very noticeable and the ther
mometer has 'fallen to 85 decrees during
the middle of the day. The fish hatchery
has been paved, and the damages in
curred by reason of the fire were very
slight.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FALL DRESS GOODS.
We announce the first arrival of fall dress goods, which will
be placed on sale this week at our Market-street store only. So
many ladies like tailor-made suits that we have taken special
care to procure the very latest in dress goods material.
Genuine French broadcloth for tailor Fancy Bourette suiting in new color
suits the nice satin -faced quality; combinations — such as army and black,
finest Australian wool, 54 inches wide ; all moss and black, red and black, new blue
the new shadings— royal and military and black, etc.; made of pure wool and
blues ; autumn browns a specialty ; worth mohair, 44 inches wide. Worth $1.00 a
$1.50 a yard. Special price yard. Special price
$5.00-' $4.50-
Also a complete line of beautiful and
English Melton suiting in a large range exclusive nove lties, such as waive friese,
of colorings, principally new modes, tans, Vand kes v jg O reaux fancies, hard twisted
mixed blues, etc.; all pure wool, 42 inches coverts Hay worste ds, corkscrews, mata-
wide ; dust proof. Worth 75 cents a jf| sujt pattern lengths, from
yard. Special price
$4.00 ■ • $5 • $25 ■ -
Covert coatings, large number of new SOSd'sl THIS WCCk.
fall colorings, strictly all wool, 56 inches *
wide. Very suitable for tai'oi-made Fifty ladies' woolen dress skirts, in all
dresses. Worth $1.50 a yard. Spec.al the newest shades, made in the latest
price styles, at
$6.00- $3,50-
These s,oods Market-street Sole agents for Columbia
store only. kid gloves.
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN,
107-109 Post Street. 1220-1222-1224 Market Street.
STANDARD MIXED
PAI NT!
AT MANUFACTURERS 1 PRICE.
C O Gallon
Reduced from $1 23 per gallon.
Color Card Sent Free.
Money Back If You Do Not Like It.
busweliTpaint co.,
33 Market St., 8. F.
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
Bs^B|~"^rißMßßßHH*MHHoßMtaHtt*fll^B^B^B^B^Ba
OF THE — -
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
PRUSSIAN NATIONAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF STETTIN. PRUSSIA, ON THE 31ST |
day of December. A. D. 1897. and for I
the year ending on that day. as made to the ;
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali- ,
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections j
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $800 00
Cash market value of til stocks and
bonds owned by company 660,682 60
Cash In company's office 450 34
Cash in banks ; 15,667 98
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 6. 543
Premiums In due course of collection 94,672 30 |
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks '*• 15
Due from other companies for rein- ■
■uraTice on losses already paid 3,8.10 *»
Total assets $782,443 *s
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $5,977 00
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense 41,829 94
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 8,466 00
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning one year or less, $326,609 37;
reinsurance 50 per cent .......... 163 304 69
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $321. >.'> 08;
reinsurance pro rata ..- 161,635 02
Gross premiums on marine time '
risks, reinsurance 50 per cent i,307 77
All other demands against the com-
pany "... 34.297 15
Total liabilities $418,817 57
INCOME.
Net " cash actually received for fire ■
premiums $423,192 44
Net each actually . received for ma-
rlne premiums * 7,801 72
Received > for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources..... 25,052 50
Received for rent 5....... 60 50
Received from all other sources 387 50
Total income $456,515 66
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses.. $216,056 00
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 10,064 24
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage ••"■•• 90,459 24
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 33,321 95
Paid for State, national and local .
taxes 12.042 64
All other payments and expenditures C 1.832 24
Total expenditures $413,776 31
Losses incurred during the year $226,214 63
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount •of risks i
written during the year $43,400,435 $548,861 15
Net amount of risks ex- •
pired during the year.. 88,204.945 484,157 12
Net amount in force De-
ceml.er 31. 1897.......... 62,124.012 648.007 45
Marine I
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of .risks •..
written during the year $1,152,068 $11,199 90
Net amount of risks ex- I
pired during the year.. . 1.153.997 11.597 12
Net amount In force De-
cember 31. 1897 67.650 3.307 77
~~, THEODORE W. LETTON, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn -to before me this 22d
day of January, 1898. SIMEON W. KINO.
Commissioner for California in Chicago.
W. LOAIZA & COMPANY,
• Managers,
216 SANSOME STREET,
■ SAN FRANCISCO.
Telephone 1597.
J. A. PRINSEN. Special Agent.
demcnulty:
rPHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABI7EOLD
A, Specialist euret Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
tM-.es of Men only. Book on Private Disease* and
Weaknesses of en, free. Over 20 y.'iV experience. '
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to 3 dally: 6:3o to B:3o ev'gs. Sundav«,lotol2. Consul-
1 tation free and sacredly confidential. Cnll.oraddxess
; Dr.F.ROSCUE McSCLTY, ■ .
»<% JEtcarny St.. San. Francisco. Cal.
X^^^*^ -(TttijJ'q
CTACL ES&EYE GIASSES
V 7 „ , O PHOTOGB^ t1 SciEMTIFIC *
642 Market St. instrument*
STATEMENT
-OF THE ''-
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
NIAGARA FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF
New York, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1897, and for the year ending on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California? pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per -blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash • $500,000 00
* " ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $1,000,000 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 302,700 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1.074,955 00
Cash In company's office and in
banks •'. 120,263 83
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 4,202 31
Interest due and accrued on bonds - y'. ■
and mortgages .'.: '.... • 3.254 16
Premiums in due course of collection 254, 352 38
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks. 333 34
Rents due and accrued....... 4.204 93
Due from other Companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid..... 3,394 45
Total assets.  $2,767,722 45
. LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid, losses In
process of adjustment or in sus-
pense, losses resisted, including ex-
penses • $133,062 67
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,125,785 47;
reinsurance 50 per cent 662,892 74
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,375.-
435 31: reinsurance pro rata 734.731 73
All other demands against the com- • .'-. ■
pany * 123,269 2S
Total liabilities $1,563,956 43
INCOME. •
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums $1,623,595 00
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages •:"•:• 7,097 00
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 44,442 58
Received for rents 27,323 00
Total Income $1,702.462 58
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses $739,324 31
Net amount paid for* marine losses.. 1,287 20
Dividends to stockholders.... 60,262 50
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 306,768 IS
Paid for salaries, fees and i other
charges for officers, clerks, etc — 158, 63
Paid for State, national and local
taxes - 40.594 51
All other payments and expenditures 130,704 31 •
Total expenditures t $1,427,368 64
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $726.535 67
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year $212,275,658 $2,133,295 22
Net amount of risks ex- . ""■
pired during the year.. 204.272.901 2.031, 552 48
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1597.... 269,276.475 2,501,220 78
GEO. C. HOWE. Vice-President.
GEO. W. DEWET, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of January. IS9B.
THOS. MOON, Notary. Public.
W. loaiza"& company,
State Agents,
216 SANSOME STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. .
Telephone Main 1597. .
FRANK N. RUST, Special Agent
PCblcheatcr'* Eafflltli DUmend Brut,
ENHYROYAL PILLS
_^"f"-vj v Original and Only Geaalne. j4V
£A{ iS2i DrnKiH tor' ChithHter't KngUth Dia-^ft\
&*Lk&MS&\mend Brand In Bed mi Gold irttilliavUlr
1-v — «?BfsjN>.-««l. ie*l«l with blue ribbon. Take V^
• M #^ lUno other. R'fu~t dangerous t uittitu- V
■'I*l.' — /»r rionj and imitation*. At Drugs:-". «r iwnd
I C M la "tamp* for parucalan, tatimonUl* n<
V tO» ' 0 " Belief for Ladles,'* in Ittttr. bj retain
' A FT MalL . 10,000 Teit!monl«.li. Kent Pmptr.
7V — -"rChl«'He«terCkeialettlCo.,M»>4l«o»i *«■»-«,
B-14 by all Loom :)mr;l»u. »•** "■ "*~ **A
~~~ lA/. X. HESS,
. HOTABT PUBLIC AND ATTORNET-AT LAW, %
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus SpreokaU Bid*.
: -m ■ --, ;.i-v Telephone Brown 931. • ___
Residence, 851 California »t.. : below PowalL 
Ban Francisco.
78
THIRD DISTRICT SOLIDLY
OPPOSITION
DID NOT
DEVELOP
The Man Who Downed
Rilborn Had Every
thing His Own
Way.
McKINLEY WAS CHEERED
The Surprise of This Congressional
ConVention Was That the Sup
posedly Dissenting Counties
Were All for Harmony.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. OAKLAND.
Aug. 20.— The Republican party of Ala
meda County and of the six other coun
ties of the Third Congressional District
are united.
There is but one sentiment and one de
termination existing at this time. This
was most conclusively proved at the con
vention held in Germania Hall to-day.
Not a' word was said and not a sugges
tion offered but what tended to
strengthen the bond of haramony and to
unite closer than ever the Republican
forces for the coming campaign. Ala
meda was a unit. Although four of the
delegates from one of her districts were
not upon the primary ticket of the man
who was nominated to represent the dis
trict in the next Congress, the vote was
unanimous. Solano, which sent a dele
gation which was mainly favorable to
the gentleman whose name was not even
whispered during to-day's proceedings,
willingly and enthusiastically joined in
the procession. Tolo, Colusa, Glenn and
Lake' forget all past dissensions and
adde<i their votes to those of the county
■ting the name of Victor H. Met
calf.
The convention was a fitting opening
to a campaign that will undoubtedly end
in complete Republican success. As an
omen of what is to follow, it could not
nt a brighter example. No one
cm me to differ; all came to further har
mony. If the remaining counties of Cali
fornia are of the sp.me mind as the seven
represented ft>-flay, the fusion ticket
must perforce die an unwilling death next
November.
During the past week many reports
have been received !n Oaklad regarding
factional differences in some of the coun
ties in the Third District. If such ever
existed they have vanished. Certainly,
regarding Alamoda. there was nothing to
indicate that for three months the follow
era of friendly rivals had been organiz
ing and campaigning- and doing every
thing possible to further the interests of
their respective candidates. Among the
men who clapped hardest and shouted
I when the name of Metcalf waa
nted to the convention were those
who four flays ago were doing everything
possible to cause the re-election of Mr.
] Hlhorn. In reality the prevailing senti
ment in favor of harmony and aggres-
Bivenesa was a more important feature
of the convention than the actual work
fur which it had been called together.
No delegate had half the convention
in his pocket, for proxies were very
Bcaraji, nearly every county being repre
.l in full by its entire delegation.
This is more unusual when it is consid
ered that the proceedings could not pos
produce a contest, as only one name
(pas to be presented, and the convention
was to be unanimous in nominating him.
Some of the delegates undoubtedly came
from their counties partly for the purpose
of sizing un Alameda's position in the gu
bernatorial contest, but undoubtedly the
main reason for such a larsp personal at
tendance is found in the fact that every
one reklifces this to be a Republican year,
and ;tll arc anxious to bp abla to say later
on that they participate in the skirmish
ing that led to victory.
Not for many years has such an Influ
ential representation of Alameda Repub
licanism been seen at a convention. Not
only among the delegates but among the
large crowd <>n the floor were solid men
who rai'ly have their names mentioned
::i oonneoUon with politics, The element
th.it generally dominates petty politics
was conspicuous mainly by its absence.
A. couple of the Fourth Ward reprobates
could' be seen in the gallery, but they
were practically ostracized by the rest
.if the crowd, and certainly had no place
in that gathering.
The spirit of the convention Is, per
haps.' best told by the nature and grad
ual progression of the cheering and en
thusiasm with which it received the va
rious allusions to people and events that
were referred to on the platform.
When Judge Nusbaumer presented the
name of Victor H. Metcalf, a genuine
svhole-souled cheer came from delegates
and lobby alike, being re-echoed by the
crowd in the rallery.
A little later some speaker, In the course
of his remarks, mentioned the name of
William McKlnley. Instantly there was
i, roar of approbation and all kinds of ap
plause from every Beat and corner In the
lonvehtion hall.
StiH later Belshawof Contj-a Costa stood
ap with 'a resolution which he presented
to the convention. He referred In his in
troductory remarks to the great Presl
3ent and his capable administration, but
It was reserved for that little resolution
to bring forth the utmost resources of
the convention in expressing Its patriot-
Fin and fervor. Bplshaw referred to those
gallant "boys in blue," whether on land
Five hundred people In Germania Hall went wild with approbation when the following resolution was presented I '* Resolved, that we, the Republicans of the Third Congressional District in convention assembled, desire to return
our heartfelt gratitude to our boys in blue, both on sea and lend, for their heroism end valor at all times and under all conditions; and to the bereaved ones of our gallant defenders who have so willingly given up their lives for our beloved
i<mntry, we extend our deepest sympathy.'*
or sea, without whom the most fearless
President and the most capable adminis
tration would be as reeds in a storm.
His words were seconded by a rising
vote— not only did the delegates rise in
honor of the heroes of '98, but their hats,
canes, circulars, chairs, and in many in
stances their feet rose so as to add to
the intensity of the approval with which
the motion was received.
The leader of the Alameda delegation
was Hon. John \V. Ellsworth, the "honest
John" of the Alameda bench. As a dele
gate at large at the primaries he received
probably the largest individual vote ever
received at any primary in this county.
One of the shrewdest pieces of work
done by the Metcalf managers was to
head their ticket with John Ellsworth,
whose portly figure seemed to be entirely
at home surrounded by the sixty-seven
other delegates from Alameda.
"General" Veale, the Sheriff of Contra
Costa, brought down his delegation of ten
to join in the nomination of Metcalf. No
one knew Sheriff Veale to be a "General"
until a messenger boy delivered a dis
patch to Chairman Evans, who at once
called for the Contra Costa Sheriff, at
the same time announcing him as "Gen
eral."
Delegate Benjamin of Solano, who
bears some resemblance to an attenuated
Senator Earl, was much in evidence. He
averaged nearly two feet higher than the
rest of the delegation, but otherwise was
not prominent except when he had a cor
rection made in the report of the commit
tee on credentials. *
Arthur North, who expects to be the
next district attorney of Yolo County, and
who is a brother of Hart H. North of this
county, had evidently done good work for
Metcalf in his own district, for out of the
eight delegates elected last Wednesday
seven were for Metcalf and the eighth
dropped into line as soon as the result of
Alameda's primary became known.
The intervals during recesses were taken
full advantage of by all kinds of candi
dates. Frank Jordan and Cal Ewing but
ton-holed all the delegates from outside of
Alameda in the Interests of Dr. Pard.ee. If
the thirty-four delegates did not return
to their respective homes converted mis
sionaries to the cause of the doctor it was
not the fault of the Alameda men. Frank
Jordan tackled a man from .Lake County
and did everything but go on his knees
and pray to induce the visitor to go home
at once and howl himself hoarse tor
George Pardee.
Assemblyman Frank M. Leavitt, who
will probably till the seat in the next Leg
islature so honorably tilled for years by
the late Senator Eli S. Denison, was busy
making himself known to anybody who
had not met him, but this task did not
prove irksome to him and he lilled in his
spare moments booming Alameda'ts candi
date for Governor. There was a sugges
tion made that a resolution commending
the generosity and stalwart Republican
principles of the late Senator Denison be
passed by the convention, but it was de
cided that such an action belonged more
properly to the county convention, which
will be held in the middle of next month.
Court Commissioner Babcock, who an
nounced a few months ago that he also
was a candidate for Congress, should cer
tainly be satisfied with his efforts in the
convention. The colonel presented a reso
lution and afterward spoke to it in a man
ner that gained him nearly as much ap
plause as the successful ca uiidate. It
looked for a few minutes as if the colonel
were trying to steal some of the thunder
that Judge Nusbaumer had reserved f. <v
his nominating speech. But later it was
found that there was no dearth of ideas
for the Judge when he took the platform.
Another ngure that is always seen at
Republican gatherings was that of Darby
Knowles. Everybody knows Darby and
Darby never lets an opportunity pass to
put himself forward with a resolution,
a motion, or some kind of a suggestion.
At last night's meeting of the Repub
lican League Darby made the closing
speech, and to-day he was to the fore
on the floor until he had transacted a
little business with Will D. Henshaw,
when, apparently satisfied he withdrew.
Darby enjoyed the distinction of being
the only Davis man in the Young Men's
Republican League, but he bore that dis
tinction with dignity and equanimity.
Colonel W. H. H. FJussey was around
making friends in his efforts to succeed
Sheriff White; Will H. Church let no
chance pass by to secure a little support
to keep his seat as Supervisor; Judge J.
J. Allen, with his permanent modest
smile, sat In a corner making friends;
District Attorney Snook smiled benignly
on the delegates and the lobby; Dr. Mehr
man, who hopes to look after the mu
tilated dead of the county for the next
four years, passed around two pocketsful
of cigars; Judge Clift tired himself out
shaking hands; Judge W. E. Greene eag
erly swallowed every word of Colonel
Babcock's address; A. K. Grim took ad
vantage of the absence of Charley Spear
to further his campaign for Recorder, and
fully a hundred other aspirants for of
fice gathered around and amused pros
pective supporters with funny anecdotes
or pilgrimages to the bar.
FRANK F, DAVIS
TO PRESENT THE
NAME OF GAGE
fipeclal Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 20.— The dis
tinguished honor of placing before the
Republican State convention the name
of Henry T. Gage for Governor of Cali
fornia has fallen to the lot of Frank
F. Davis, the eloquent orator of Los
Angeles. "
Mr. Davis Is a polished speaker and
he will undoubtedly take advantage of
the opportunity afforded him to make
the effort of his life. Hje and Gage
are warm friends of long standing, they
having met at the national convention
In Chicago in 1888, at which time Mr.
Davis placed In nomination Walter Q.
Gresham for President of the United
Btates. In the same convention Henry
T. Gage seconded the nomination of
Levi P. Morton for Vice-President. The
friendship then formed has lasted to the
present time.
Mr. Davis, when seen to-day regard
ing his candidacy for Congress, said
that he would do nothing to antagonize
any other candidate. If the convention
saw fit to give to him the nomination
he would accept the honor and make
the best canvass he knew how. The
reason he did not enter the fl^ht earlier
in the campaign was his friendship for
James McLachlan, who has since with
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL,. SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1898.
drawn. He does not feel that he is
justified In believing that if a slate has
been made he can break it. It is inti
mated, however, that he knows his
strength in the delegation and that
there will be a sensation when the re
sult is known.
The warm friendship existing be
tween Gage and Davis ma- be an Im
portant factor in landing the nomina
tion for the latter. The nominating
speech also will give Davis an oppor
tunity to display his ability as an ora
tor, an accomplishment which his op
ponent does not possess.
Those of the delegates who have not
yet left for Sacramento will leave Sun
day morning or evening. Nearly all
left last night and to-day, many of
whom will stop in San Francisco be
fore going to the city of sizzling heat
and seething convention.
So far no one has been decided upon
for chairman of the delegation, and the
matter has been left in abeyance until
all of the delegates arrive at their des
tination. It is, however generally un
derstood that the Los Angeles delega
tion will not ask for either a perma T
nent or temporary chairmanship of the
convention. They will center their
whole fight on oage for Governor and
will do nothing that may injure his
chances for receiving the nomination.
One by one, unhonored and unher
alded, the roundheads and the push are
returning with drawn faces from the
so-called Democratic convention, which
has given the party a pinto candidate
for Governor. They went to Sacra
mento full of internal greatness and
they return beaten, battered and com
pletely done up, and there is silence in
the Democratic camp here— deep, omi
nous silence— which Maguire will at
tempt to break on August 27, when he
will address the Silver Republican
State convention, which at this time
seems to be the onh' leg left for Democ
racy to stand on in this county.
Los Olivos Bepuolican Primary.
LOS OLIVOS, Aug. 20.— The Republican
primary for Ballard and Santa Ynez pre-
•' It is no li£ht thing'for a man to stand before the representatives of this district as a candidate
for Congress, and it was only a?ter long and serious consideration that I allowed my name to be
brought forward. I said to myself, 'Surely such an ambition is a worthy one; it is an ambition which
any man may hold without reproach.' In this, as in all other matters pertaining to our Government,
the people are the final arbiters. It is for them to decide."— VlCTOß H. METCALF'S SPEECH OF AC
CEPTANCE BEFORE THE CONVENTION.
cincts was held to-day. The following
delegates were elected to the county con
vention to be held September 5: Ballard—
W. E. Shanklin. Frank Miller and Edgar
B. Davison. Funta Ynez—M. Pruyu. J. F.
Edsoll, J. J. Mahoney and Frank Smith.
■ m.
Fusion Ticket for San Luis.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Aug. 20.— Both
Democratic and Populist party county
conventions are called to meet In Paso
Robles on September 7, to nominate a
fusion county ticket. V. A. Gregg, ex-
Superior Judge of this county, to-day an
nounces his candidacy for the Republican
noir.ina..on for Congress against R. J.
Waters of Los Angeles.
Delegates Organize.
The delegates of the Thirty-fourth As
sembly District to the Republican State
Convention met last night at 2015 Mis
sion street. All delegates were present.
They organized by electing Percy Beam
ish cftairman and E. W, Eustice secre
tary.
ELOQUENT
SENTIMENTS
Metcalf the Man to Lead
to Certain and Glori
ous Victory.
SELECTION IS UNANIMOUS
Throughout the Nominating and Second
ing Speeches the Success of the
Republican Party Was the
Watchword.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, Oakland,
Aug. 20.— The Third Congressional Dis
trict convention was called to order
promptly by Chairman W. H. Friend. In
a few remarks he paid a high compliment
to the present condition of the Republi
can party in this county. He referred to
the fact that two years ago he caned to
order a Republican convention In Vallejo
which nominated a winner, and he ex
pressed his confidence that the conven
tion present would do likewise.
Colonel Babcock took the floor and nom
inated for temporary chairman J. W.
Evans of the Seventh Ward, and the
choice was made unanimous. Frank
Storer. of Eimhurst was elected secre
tary, and C. A. Fawcett sergeant-at
arms, with Frank Severa as his assistant.
Chairman Evans named the committees
on credentials and platform, and after a
recess of a half hour they were ready to
report.
The committee on credentials consisted
of T. W. Harris, N. A. McConaughy,
George Hoguet, John Trotter, Abe P.
Leach, H. B. Carlton, from Alameda
County; J. H. Dungan of Yolo, William
Herbison of Solano, M. B. Ivory of Con
tra Costa, D, W. Jones of Colusa, A.
Hochheimer of Glenn and W. L. Maxwell
of Lake.
The commlttte on platform and resolu
tions was made up of George Babcock.
H. A. Mnyhew. Paxton Wright. C. B.
Morgan, B. McDermott Jr., of Alameda
County; R. M. Beattie of Lake, James
McGarry of Solano, C. M. Belshaw of
Contra Costa, Mark Chamberlain of Tolo,
J. E. Hathborne of Colusa and J. H. W es
ton of Glenn.
The report of the committee on creden
tials and order of business was a very
routine document, and was at once ac
cepted, with a few corrections regarding i
the delegates.
Chairman Babcock of the committee
on platform presented a report that was ,
remarkable for its brevity.
To Judge Emil Nusbaumer was award
ed the task of placing in nomination Vic
tor H. Metcalf, and in his speech he said.
"To me has been allotted the pleasant
duty and the great honor of Presenting
to you the name of one who seeks your
suffrage upon this occasion. I do soon
behalf of one of the most populous coun
ties in your district, likewise the ban
ner Republican county of the State or
California-the county of Alameda. >V£h
full confidence that those great duties
which are required of one in that position
will be faithfully fulfilled and energetical
ly carried out. I present to you the name
of Victor H. Metcalf. The people of the
county of Alameda ask that you place
that name upon your ticket as your and
their representative. Mr. Metcalf ha* al
ways been found battling in the front
rank of the Republican party that party
which has made the history of this coun
try, that party which whenever the hour
of trial was at hand carried this great
country to a successful issue. Gentle
men I have not come here with any set
or prepared speech. The duties that have
devolved upon me within the last few
days have been such that what I say to
you is simply what at the moment comes
to me. I have heard some very eloquent
words pronounced here to-day by our
friend Colonel Babcock. Every word that
he has said I fully indorse and know that
every one of you here fully indorse. You
know that the Republican party should
be aided and assisted by the strongest
man that we can put upon its ticket, that
whenever that is done there is no ques
tion about the result. You know that
this country will keep going to the high
est pinnacle of fame, that it will be suc
cessful, both in peace and war, both
upon the seas and upon the land, when
ever the Republican party has the helm
of the ship of state in hand. (Applause.)
Gentlemen, I again present to you the
name of Victor H. Metcalf and ask you
in the name of Alameda County to place
hi« name upon your ticket. I know, and
you all know, that it will add strength
to the ticket. His record is before you.
It is an open book, and it has been read
and approved." '
Arthur --orth of Yolo seconded the
nomination of Metcalf in a vigorous
speech, and W. M. Dimmick also second
ed on behalf of the Fiftieth Assembly
District. The speech of Mr. Dimmick
was the last link in the chain of har
mony, for Mr. Dimmick was a candidate
on the Hilborn ticket, but owing to an
agreement amicably reached over two
contested ballots Mr. Dimmick and the
other Hilborn men were declared elected.
This was the only district where there
was the slightest possibility of a contest
in favor of Mr. Hilborn, and as every
thing else was so overwhelming for Met
calf it was not difficult to maintain per
fect harmony.
When the nominations were declared
closed. Mr. Metcalf was nominated by ac
clamation. There were then loud cries
of "Metcalf. Metcalf, Metcalf," from all
parts of the hall, and Chairman Evans
appointed Will Henshaw and Judge Nus
haumer a committee to escort the candi
date to the platform. Mr. Metcalf ac
cepted the nomination in the following
language:
"I should be made of flint and not of
flesh did 1 not feel profoundly moved dv
this expression of your confidence ana
! your esteem. Indeed, I am deeply touched
iand am extremely gratified. 3c ou nave
conferred upon me this moment a distin
j guiehed honor and lam not forgetf u. ot
: the great duties and responsibilities which
i accompany that hcmor. It is no light tning
! for a man to stand before the representa
! tives of this district as a candidate for
Congress, and it was only after long ana
serious consideration that I allowed my
name to be brought forward. I said to
myself, "Surely such an ambition is a
worthy one; it is an ambition which any
man may hold without reproach. In this,
as in all other matters pertaining to our
government, *he people are the final ar
biters. It is for them to decide. If the
choice should fall on me, I shall accept it
as a signal expression of confidence and
esteem and as a declaration that I am
about to change the field of my labor and
as an Imposition of great responsibility.
| The choice has fallen on me. I accept it,
gentlemen, as I have said before, with the
most profound gratitude. You will not cx
i pect me at this time and under these cir
cumstances to speak to you upon the
promlrtent issues of this campaign. Be
fore this campaign is over I will have ad
dressed you all in your respective coun
ties. For the present, then, let it suffice
for me to say that I stand squarely upon
the platform which this convention has
adopted, and that I shall go through this
campaign and afterward to Washington
with the utmost loyalty to Republican
principles, to our national administration,
to dur great, strong leader, William Mc-
Kinley."
Jones Formally Accepts.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, OAK
LAND, Aug. 20.— John Aubrey Jones
of Fruitvale, the People's party nomi
nee for Congrress from the Third Dis
trict of the fusion-
ists. has sent to The
Call the following
letter 'of accept
ance:
"It Is with pro
found gratification
that I accept the
honors that have
been heaped upon
me by my fellow
citizens of the
Third Congression
al District.
"That I am the
nominee for Con
gress of the Peo
ple's party, the
Democratic party
and the Silver Re
publicans, is not due to any special
worth or merit of mine, but to the fact
that I stand as the representative and
exponent of true Democracy; that is.
rule of the people as opposed to the
dominance of corporate power crystal
lized into rule of pelf.
"While my opponent has, during
weeks and months, depended upon a
thoroughly constructed and well-oiled
system of political machinery to grind
out for him a single nomination, I
have, without any effort, and almost
wholly unsolicited, secured two nom
inations at the hands of two conven
tions. Dull, insensate and unapprecia
tive indeed would I be did I not deeply
feel a sense of obligation to my fel
low-citizens for this expression of con
fidence. Conscious am I, too, of the
great responsibility that Is imposed
upon me to so conduct my campaign as
to make it in every sense reflect honor
upon my friends and supporters, and
to be crowned with that measure of
success our righteous cause so justly
merits.
"My candidacy and that of my op
ponent epitomizes the antipodal con
dition of a latter-day political con
test. JOHN AUBREY JONES."
JACOB NEFF FOR CHAIRMAN.
It is generally understood' that "the
chairmanship of the Republican State
Convention wJll be tendered to Jacob
Neff. The choice will prove acceptable
to all delegates, as well as all Repub
licans, in the State. Judge Frank Short
of Fresno will probably be chosen as
vice chairman, and A. L. Levinsky of
Stockton will get the place of second
vice chairman.
DELEGATES HOLD A CAUCUS.
Sixteen or seventeen members of the San
Francisco delegation to the Republican
State Convention held a caucus at the
California Hotel last evening and the
delegates present decided to support At
torney General W. F. Fitzgerald for
the nomination for Governor.
The caucus was called by Martin Kelly,
who sent a . couple of his hired men
around the city to notify such members
to attend as could be induced to do so.
Mr. Fitzgerald denied late last evening
that he knew anything about the caucus
being held. , J
«
CONGRESSIONAL FORECAST
Nominees Who Will Probably
Be Selected to Represent '
Their Districts.
A careful review of the Republ'can
' Congressional situation throughout Uie
State indicates that the several district
conventions will quickly dispose of their
work and select nominees. The men
who are mentioned as probable nominees
are all good Republicans and will un
doubtedly be elected next November. The
predictions are:
First District— John A. Barham, Santa
Rosa.
Second District— Frank D. Ryan, Sac
ramento.
Third District— Victor H. Metcalf, Oak
land.
Fourth ' District— Julius Kahn, San
Francisco.
Fifth District— E. F. Loud, San Fran
cisco.
Sixth District— R. J. Waters, Los An
geles.
Seventh District— A. J. Pillsbury, Tu
lare, or M. J. Daniels, Riverside.
A NEW PRIMARY LAW.
Chairman Bridgford of the
Conference Committee
Makes Appointments.
E. A. Bridgford. chairman of the joint
conference committee from the Iroquois
Club, the Union League, the Democratic
clubs, the Republican County Commit
tee and the Harney faction of the Demo
cratic party, has appointed a sub-commit
tee to draft a new primary election law.
Hon. M. M. Estee. Barclay Henley, T.
Carl Spelling. J. C. McKinstry and A.
G. Booth constitute the committee. A
meeting of the committee is called for
Monday evening next at the Union
League Club.
Tug Columbia Libeled.
A libel was filed yesterday against the
tug Columbia by Chief Engineer John
Mclntosh for $104 wages.
PATRIOTIC
PLATFORM
INDORSED
The National Administra
tion's Policy Is
Approved.
WAR CONGRATULATIONS
Tie Document Was a Gem in That
It Was Phenomenally Brief tat
Charmingly to the
Point.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. OAKLAND,
Aug. 20.— The platform adopted by the
Third District Congressional Convention
to-day is a model that might well be fol
lowed by all the i»onventions that will be
held before the time for nominations ex
pires. It is as follows:
"The Republicans of the Third Con
gressional District of the State of Cali
fornia, in convention assembled, here
by renew their pledge of fealty to the
great principles of the Republican
party, as expressed in the platform of
the "National Convention of the Re
publican party held at St. Louis in
June. 1896.
"They express their continuing con
fidence in the wise judgment and mas
terly statesmanship of our great Presi
dent, William McKinley, and unhesi
tatingly intrust the decision of the
great governmental problems which
have now arisen to the wisdom of him
self and his counselors.
"We congratulate him upon the hap
py termination of the war so recently
concluded—a war in which this nation
engaged only at the call of suffering
humanity— and we pledge the loyal aid
of our Representative from this dis
trict in upholding the policy of the
administration."
After the platform had been unanimous
ly and vigorously adopted, Colonel Bab
cock presented the following resolution:
"Resolved, That the best interests of
the country and the highest interests
of humanity demand that we should
establish our sovereignty over every
foot of territory we nave conquered
from Spain, not only as an indemnity
for the costs of war, but as a guar
anty against the oppression, bigotry
and brutalities which for centuries
have been imposed on the helpless in
habitants of the Greater Antilles and
Philippine Islands."
The colonel then delivered an Impas
sioned address in support of his resolu
tion. In the course of his remarks h«
said:
"To give back the Inhabitants of thes*
islands to a power whose rule of then;
has been distinguished by bloodthirsty
rapacious violence and cruelty would be
to visit upon them the revenge Spain is
impotent to Inflict upon us. The Philip
pine Islands have fallen into our hands
as the logical and inevitable result ol
war, and we cannot, if we would, sel!
them or turn them over to any other na
tion without doing violence to the most
sacred and vital principles at the found
ation of our Government. Nor can we
withdraw our military forces without
turning them over to anarchy or the re
morseless cruelty of Spain. "We cannot
avoid or compromise ihe issues which
are upon us. if we would. We may not
desire to possess the islands^ but we can
not escape our destiny."
It was reserved for Delegate Belshaw
of Solano to introduce the resolution
that eclipsed all others. He said that
there were other people than the Presi
dent and the administration who were
entitled to credit for the successful con
duct of the late war, and they were the
men who stood so bravely behind the
guns. In their honor, he said, he would
introduce a short resolution, which waa
carried by a rising vote.
The new Congressional committee waa
appointed as follows:
At large. George W. Reed: Lake Coun
ty, R. M. Beattie; Contra Costa County,
J. L. Geary Jr.; Yolo County. Mark
Chamberlain: Glenn County, J. K. Ken
dricks: Solano County, Charles A. Dur
ner; Colusa County, J. S. Balsdon; For
ty-sixth Assembly District, A. F.
Schweer; Forty-seventh, E. A. Randlett;
F<>ny-eighth. Frank Barnett; Forty
ninth. W. W. Morrison; Fiftieth. Mir
tier Smith; Fifty-first, George D. Met
calf.
After naming T. T. Dargie. George D.
Metcalf. Rod Church. H. O. TrowbrMge
and Charles T. Rudolph as a committee
in accordance with the purity of election
laws to supervise the financial part of
Mr. Metcalf' s campaign, the convention
adjourned with three cheers for every
thing Republican.
"Poudinky" Will Be There.
OAKLAND. Aug. 20.— About sixty mem
bers of the "Pondinky" and the Young
Men's Republican League have chartered
a Pullman car and will leave for Sac
ramento next Monday to attend the Re
publican State Convention. They will
be accompanied by a brass band arid will
do service in the way of booming Dr.
George C. Pardee's candidacy for the gub
ernatorial nomination.
Populists Open Headquarters.
The State Central Committee of the
Populist party (the middle-of-the-road
ers) has opened headquarters in this city
at room 406, Parrott building. Carroll T
Johnson, secretary of the committee, is In
charge. *
New Mining Companies.
The North Pacific Mining: Company,
limited, incorporated yesterday with a
capital stock of $150,000. The directors are
P. H. Maher, C. T. Wilder. W. B. Lees,
Allan Itnmsay and C. "W. Ashford. Ar
ticles of incorporation of the Coneto Min
ing Company were also filed. The capital
stock of the company Is $100,000, of which
$70 has been subscribed. The directors
are I M. Kalloch C. A. Warren, T. H.
Day^ G. Gall. G. E. Davis, A M. Ellal
worth and George T. ShawCANDIDATES
ARE CHASING
NIMBLE VOTES
GAGE GAINS
POPULARITY
Delegates Flock to
His Banner.
PARDEE STILL CONFIDENT.
Gossip of the Men Who Are Pre
paring for the Contest
Next Week.
Early yesterday morning It was
whispered around the corridors of the
Palace Hotel that Henry T. Gage had
secured during the night the support of
prominent men connected with the San
Francisco delegation, and as the report
gained headway political strikers and
others anxious to be near the winner
tumbled over one another in their haste
to invade the headquarters of the Los
Angeles candidate. The rumor soon
reached the Pardee camp that the city
delegation had agreed to stand in for
Gage. The champions of Pardee were
toot daunted. Heeding the Bible lesson
that there Is "more corn in Egypt"
they began to reach out for country
support, and many delegates from the
interior were Introduced to the favor- i
Ite son of Alameda. The followers of I
Pardee deemed it best, however, to add !
to the strength of their cause by organ- j
izlng the friends of the doctor, other
than delegates, for service at Sacra
mento, hence an independent organiza
tion with W. H. Friend as chairman
was established. An executive commit
tee of twenty-five will make It a point
to rally at Sacramento an army of Par
dee sympathizers.
Another alarming rumor reached the
Alameda camp. This was a story that
the State Central Committee was
standing in with Gage. Little credence
was attached to this rumor by Dr. Par
dee. The relations existing between
the State Committee and all the can
didates are cordial. Gape has the ad
vantage of position, being in a fair way
T" catch the overflow from the commit
tee headquarters on one side and the
headquarters of the California National
Guard «n the other. Major McLaugh
lin of the State Central Committee and
Dr. l'ard<«e had a little conference of
their own last evening, and It must
Veen agreeable, for both emerged
smiling from the scene of the inter-
Alarneda can parade a fine phalanx
of talking talent, and should the
dreaded combination of Los Angeles
and San Francisco become Imminent In
ithe convention lonef-distance telephones
■vviil not be needed to hear the roars of
resentment from the Alameda delega
tion. Among the ready and forcible
talkers in the delegation are: Frank
K. Mntt. J. W. Tompkins. W. H.
"Waste, E. B. Thompson. J. G. Mottos
Jr., H. J. Tisdale. Frank Purcell. G. B.
Daniels, W. A. Dow, C. L. Tisdale, J.
}'.. Lanktree and G. W. Evans. Some
of the young orators have not passed
through the ordeal of speaking in a
State convention, and others may ex
perience the grievous disappointment
of failing to gain the recognition of the
presiding officer. Dr. Pardee's follow
ers, buoyant and active, are prepared
to show the people of California what
united Alameda can do.
.. Senator Perkins and M. M. Estee had
a talk aside on the situation. It was
■by no means a star-chamber proceed
ing, as it was held in sight of every
one who cared to look down the corri
dor for signs.
The San Francisco contingent was
puzzled when the story got around
that Burns and Pardee were together.
Later on the fact was revealed that
ex-Senator Byrnes of San Mateo, an
old-time stalwart of Republican faith,
called to pay his respects to Dr. Par
dee. Twenty years ago Mr. Byrnes
served In the State Senate with Dr.
Pardee, the father of the candidate for
the gubernatorial nomination. The In
cident calls to memory the fact that
Senator Pardee was one of the ablest
and most efficient men that ever served
the State of California, and as chair
man of the Senate Finance Committee
throttled every plundering appropria
tion referred to his committee. There
is a theory that genius skips a genera
tion, and if that be correct a son of
Alameda's present candidate for Gov
ernor should be a great man. In this
campaign Oakland is so full of re
sources that an illustrious grandfather
•of the candidate may be cited.
Alexander Brown of Calaveras came
tn town yesterday along with Judge
Dg,vis of Amador. Mr. Brown is a can
didate for the State Board of Equaliza
tion for the Second District, now repre
sented by L,. V. Morehouse. The latter
has served many years on the board
and acquired a vast fund of informa
tion concerning the values of city and
county property. He is not a candidate
fear re-election, but if his friends in the
convention should deem it wise in the
murse of events to again place him In
GRAPE-NUTS.
GRAPE-SUGAR.
Now Used in Food.
People who try Grape-Nuts, continue
to use them for breakfast and often
for.lunch, and dessert at dinner. The
crisp, delicate flavor of grape-sugar Is
nnt readily forgotten and the feeling of
well fed strength tells its own tale to
users of Grape-Nuts.
Grocers sell It.
the field he would accept the responsi
bility.
Southern California Republicans want
i three places on the State ticket and
they expect to get them. All the local
fights south of Tehachapi have been
settled and the delegations will vote to
gether. First on the southern list, of
course, is Henry T. ,Gage fur Governor.
i Delegates from the south now in the
i city declare that he will sweep that sec
tion if nominated and come north with
an overwhelming majority over lla
ffutre.
Mr. Gage is a hard worker and has a
magnetic personality, which wins with
the delegates, and, as a delegate ex
pressed it yesterday, "He is a vote get
ter." If nominated he will make an
active campaign and give the fusion
candidate a harder battle than the fol
lowers of the "Little Giant" anticipate.
As a stump speaker Gage has few
equals and as an indefatigable hustler
he has not a peer in the State.
Alter Gage the south wants Captain
Truman Keeves of San Bernardino
nominated for State Treasurer. Captain
Keeves arrived yesterday and registered
at the Palace. He says the manage
ment of his candidacy is entirely in the
hands of his friends, and that he is
satislied with the prospects. Captain
Reeves served through the civil war in
the Army of the Potomac. He wears an
empty sleeve and a Grand Army of the
Republic badge. He is now serving a
' second term as Treasurer of San Ber
! nardino County. His friends think he is
! a sure winner.
The sunland politicians think one
1 place on the bench of the Supreme
' Court should be held by a Jurist from
i the south and they are just now ar
raneing to concentrate on one man
from "hat section. Judge W N Clark
• of Los Angeles and Judge B. P. Wll
> liams of Ventura seek the nomination.
! The rumor was circulated yesterday
i that Judge Clark has all but decided
i to withdraw and leave an open field for
I Judge Williams. Both gentlemen are
; in the city, but they have nothing to
■ say of their prospects of securing the
' coveted place on ihe State ticket.
Dr. Pardee's headquarters were
j crowded all day yesterday with his
■ friends from Alameda County. In fact
I the Alamedans were so numerous and
occupied so much of their candidate's
time that he hardly had a chance to
shake hands with the few country dele
gates who called to see him. Realizing
that they were monopolizing the doc
tor's time to his great disadvantage the
workers got together last evening and
organized to work systematically. As
sessor Henry P. Dalton was made
chairman and "Billy" Friend was elect
ed secretary of what is jokingly calied
the "Oilroom Executive Committee.
After the organization was completed
the chairman detailed several squads to
visit the various hotels and round up
such stray delegates as had not already
found an open entrance into the Gage |
camp and had there been corraled. Dr.
Pardee's politicians, with a few excep
tions, are playing at a same with which
they are very unfamiliar. If the> par
ticipate in a few more campaigns they
willT perhaps, know more than they do
at present. ...
This evening the Pardee forces will
transfer their base of operations to
Sacramento. The doctor and a large
coterie of his faithful followers will de
part on the evening train. To-morrow
morning a larger contingent of the thud
floor delegation will reinforce the ad- j
vance skirmishers on the convention
gI Two more aspirants for the nomina
tion for Attorney-General cropped up
yesterday. W. W. Middlecoff of Stock
ton arrived in the city and announced I
his intention to seek the nomination, j
Willis Witter of San Mateo announced
that he would also enter the contest.
Witter is a nephew of Timothy Guy
Phelps and as that venerable and as
tute politician was very busy among
the dele ates and candidates yesterday
it is surmised by those not in his confi
dence that he is making his nephew's
fight. Another candidate for Attorney-
General is Charles H. Jackson, son of
Colonel John P. Jackson of this city.
Samuel Donatl, the wealthy Swiss
rancher of San Luis Obispo. brought
his 250 pounds of avoidupols to the city
yesterday and proceeded to get ac
quainted. He desires to be nominated
for the position of State Treasurer, and
he feels assured that he ceuld fill the
chair. Mr. Donati is known to his
neighbors as "Honest Old Sam," and he
is very well known to many prominent
Republicans throughout the State. He
sr>vs he has been looking after his
fences, and that t>anta Barbara, Mon
terey. San Luis Obispo and Marin
County delegates are already pledged
to vote for him.
Kx-State Senator Frank McGowan is
making a strong fight for the nomina
tion for Lieutenant-Governor. He has
a worthy opponent in T. H. Selvage of
Humboldt. He has several delegations
pledged to his support, amrni" them be
ing Humboldt, Del Norte, Mendoclno
and Sonoma. Although the combined
vote of these counties is inconsiderable]
when compared to that of some of the
large counties, it nevertheless forms a
trading strength of considerable value.
It is said that the nomination will go
to the candidate who can throw the
greatest number of votes to the guber
natorial nominee.
Three members of the Solano delega
tion, W. L. Crooks, Godfrey Ruger and
chairman R. Benjamin, reported at
headquarters yesterday. They declare
openly that they are. out to trade for
Judge A. J. Buckles, who desires to be
come a candidate for Associate Jus
tice of the bupreme Court.
Judge Stanley A. Smith, who Is now
serving his second term as Judge of
Sierra County, \s the latest candidate
in the field for the nomination for As
sociate Justice of the Supreme Court.
Judge Smith will go to Sacramento to
night.
Ex-Congressman Orove L. Johnson
of Sacramento, who is a candidate for
the Assembly, was at the State Central
Committee headquarters yesterday.
Robert Nixon of Yreka. whose pros
pects for receiving the nomination for
Btate Treasurer are considered very
good, arrived yesterday. His friends
claim that the whole northern portion
of the State is solid for him.
Chief of Police Glass of I»s Angeles
is in the city and is using his profes
sional instincts and experience to aid
him In finding delegates and landing
them in the Gag<? headquarters.
Judge Spencer of Placer County, an
old-line Republican, was at the Palace
yesterday. Hr entertained a large cir
cle of friends with many interesting
reTninlscences of former State cam-
paigns.
Mayor Phelan and Senator Stephen
M. White called on Mr. Gape yesterday
and spent a few moments In pleasant
conversation. Senator White and Mr.
Gape are oli and warm friends. They
have been professional and social
friends for many years.
It is now conceded that the two local
Congressional fights are practically
settled. E. F. Loud is assured of a re
nomination from the Fifth District and
Julius Kahn Is paid to be sure of re
ceiving the nomination against Barry
in the Fourth.
R. J. Waters, who will be the Repub
lican nominee for Congress from the
Sixth District, arrived yesterday. He
will attend the State Convention and
assist the Oage boom.
General E. P. Johnson, O. T. John
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 189 S.
son and J. R. Newberry. delegates to
! the convention, are here and will go to
I Sacramento to-night. The Los Angeles
: delegation will leave home for the con
| vention city this morning and will
reach Sacramento to-morrow.
The delegates from San Luis Obispo
j County will arrive here to-night and go
to the State Capital on to-morrow
j morning's train.
Victor H. Metcalf, the Congressional
nominee in the Third District, joined
the Pardee forces yesterday and will
go to Sacramento to assist his fellow
townsman.
Dr. Cargill, one of the San Benlto
County delegates, drifted into the com
■mittee headquarters late yesterday af
ternoon. He said his delegation would
support Thomas Flint Jr. for Gov
ernor.
Dr. C. L. Tiedale, one of the School
Directors of Alameda, is an active
worker in the Pardee camp.
Attorney E. K. Taylor ■ f Alameda
made his first appearance with the
Pardee men yesterday.
Judge J. E. Ellißon of Tehama, who
is one of the several aspirants for the
Supreme Court nomination, registered
at the Palace yesterday. He will go
to Sacramento to-night.
Major P. J. Harney, who led the for
lorn hope at the Democratic State
Convention, called on Major McLaugh
lin yesterday. Harbor Commissioner
Rudolph Herold also called at the com
mittee rooms. Mr. Herold is a member
of the Gould-Alford-McNab Committee
of One Hundred.
B. W. Steinhart and Deputy Sheriff
McClure of Los Angeles called on Mr.
Gage at his heado.uarters In the Palace.
N. Blackstock. candidate for Railroad
Commissioner from the Third District,
arrived from Ventura yesterday. He
mingled with the delegates yesterday
and discussed politics generally.
Sciplo Craig, editor of the Redlands
Cltrograph, is one of the most enthu
siastic Gage men now In the city. He
is a delegate to the convention.
Judge A. J. Buckles came down from
Fairfleld yesterday with the Solano
delegates. He expects to secure the
nomination for Associate Justice of the
Supreme Court.
George B. Ellis of Redlands, one of
the San Bernardino delegation and a
pronounced Gage partisan, arrived yes
terday.
Judge B. T. Williams, the Ventura
candidate for the Supreme Court bench.
Is at the Palace.
James Stanley of'Misslon San Jose Is a
candidate for member of the Board of
Equalization from the First District.
A. Cheesborouph of this city declares he
is not a candidate for the Board of Equal
ization from this district— the Second.
Notice has been jriven members of the
San Francisco delegation to meet In the
convention hall at Sacramento on Tues
day at 12:30 o'clock, for the purpose of
ore-anlzlnp and efectinp: officers.
Thomas V. Cator. leader of the middle
of-the-road Populists, claims that he was
misquoted In the statement that he told
i Major McLaughlin on Friday that he
"would support the Republican nominee
for Governor.
"T am supporting Shanahan," he said
yesterday, "and will flg-ht for him until
the polls close on election day. Any
story to the contrary Is untrue and not
worthy of a moment's consideration."
El Dorado's Ticket Named.
PLACERVILLE. Aug. 20.— The Repub
licans of El Dorado County held their
convention at Placerville to-day. To
night the town is wild with enthusiasm,
the PlacerviUe band playing patriotic
airs, bright lights shining everywhere
and the multitudes cheering.
Early this morning the delegates as
sembled In front of the Opera-house,
waiting for the opening of the conven
tion.
At 11:05 a. m. G. A. Richardson, secre
tary of the County Central Committee,
called the convention to order, and H. A.
Harper was elected temporary chairman.
G. A. Richardson was elected temporary
secretary. The committees were then
appointed and the convention adjourned
until 1:35 p. m.. when the call to order
was made by the chairman. A platform
was adopted, upholding McKinley's
actions In the present crisis and
praising- his administration, Indorsing the
work of Senator Perkins and pledging
themselves to securing better la,ws. C.
A. Swislor and S. H. Maginnes were
elected delegates at large to the State
convention.
The following are the district delegates
to the State convention: R. 8. Raw, C.
S. Pelton, Thomas Stevenson, William
Husband and S. J. Baker.
The county ticket in as follows. Sur
veyor. John" Price; Public Administrator,!
C P. Wincholl; Superintendent of i
Schools, T. E. MeCarty; District Attor
ney, Abe Darlington; Treasurer, William
Pearson; Assessor, Frank Nirhois; Coun- i
ty Clerk, Auditor and Recorder, John P.
Fisher; Sheriff, George H. Burnham; As
semblyman, R. 8. Raw.
The convention adjourned at 4:35 p. m.
Placer Republicans.
AUBURN, Aug. * 20.— The Republican
county convention held here to-day de
clares its unalterable belief in and de
votion to the principles of the Republican
party as set out in its national platform
adopted in the national convention of IS9K,
indorsed the administration of President
McKlnley and commends the wisdom of
his refusal to recognize the independence
of Cuba, urges the continuance of the
protective tariff policies of the party, is
opposed to contract coolie labor either
upon th« American continent or upon any
of the islands or territory that may come
under our control, and points with pride
to the splendid achievements in the ex
isting war with Spain which was inaug
urnted in the interest of humanity. The
following county ticket was nominated:
Sheriff Charles Keena; Assemblyman, W.
V Lardener; Clerk, J. B. Landis; Record
er C A. Bllkey; Assessor, John Adams;
District Attorney. E. F. Wright; Treas
urer John Chisholm; School Superintend
ent P. W. Smith; Coroner, W. J. Burns;
Surveyor, E. C. Uren; Supervisors, R. H.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GAGE VINDICATED.
Stephen M. White States the Facts
Concerning Recent Charges.
The Democratic Senator Who Seconded the Nomination of Maguire
Will Stand Between the Republican Aspirant
and Slanderous Attacks.
BAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 19. IS9B
Hon. Stephen M. White, Palace Hotel, San Francisco— My Dear Sir: It Is natural for every Californlan to be
solicitous about the good name of his State and mindful of the effect upon It of the character of men put forward
for public positions. Mr. Henry T. Gage is a prominent candidate of a political party for the gubernatorial nomi
nation. It is publicly charged that he was found in fraud in a civil litigation in the Superior Court of Los Ange
les County, and that he was indicted on account of matters involved in the same transaction. These charges
are so serious as to disqualify him for public preferment. I ask you as a citizen of that county and one trusted
by men of all parties for a statement as to the validity of these charges. The issue involved Is higher than the
Interests of any person or party. Very truly yours.
SENATOR WHITE'S REPLY.
PALACE HOTEL, BAN FRANCISO. Aug. 20, IS9B.
E. F. Preston Esq.— Dear Sir: Yours of the 19th, regarding certain charges made against Henry T. Gage 'th
reference to litigation in Loa Angeles County received. It is needless to say tha,t I intend to support and r am
tain the interest of the Democratic candidate for Governor at the coming election, but this purpose does not to
any extent affect my duty to state facts bearing upon accusations affecting the integrity and personal character of
opposing candidates.
It is asserted that Henry T. Gage, who aspires to be elected Governor, was concerned in litigation in the courts
of Los Angeles County which affected his character, 'mere are at least two reasons Justifying me in commenting
upon this. In the first place, I was an attorney representing Mr. Gage. In the second place, I have known him
intimately for an extended period and have become entirely familiar with all of his traits and personal inclina
tions.
I do not hesitaate to say that no turpitude of any kind or In any particular was shown In the controversy
mentioned. Personally being thoroughoughly acquainted with Mr. Gage for more than twenty years, I am satisfied
that he is in all respects an honorable man. He has resided in Los Angeles County ever since he was sued, and
has become one of the most prominent and universally appreciated citizens of Southern California.
He is conceded to be a leading member of the bar, and has the confidence of the profession. His stipulation,
verbal or written, has always been considered his bond, and no man, so far as I know, whatever may be his stand
ing or prejudice, doubts Gage's honesty.
This ought to be sufficient to negative any aspersions connected with an action which was never determined,
and which was permitted to pass unacted upon as regards a final judgment.
The trial of the matter to which I am alluding was had before a Judge who was a very able man, but at
the same time not free from prejudice. He was undoubtedly a strong man, but was apt to draw conclusions
not logically, reasonably or properly deuucible from the evidence.
Mr. Gage's case was appealed to the Supreme Court. It was never examined as to its merits by that tri
bunal, because It was held that the appeal was from an t ■erlocutory order, and could not be allowed. Therefore
the Supreme Court never passed upon the sufficiency of the evidence to justify the decision of the Judge below.
I am satisfied that the decision of the lower court was entirely unjustifiable. This I think must be the view of
any one who has examined the evidence as I have. But Mr. Gage's history is clear and convincing. The position
which he occupies at home, at the bar and personally, and the unsolicited support which he is there receiving for
the Governorship prove my comment to be well grounded. He has this merit at least: Thos,e who have known him
longest are his warmest adherents. The reflections which are Involved in a reference to this ancient suit, which has
been open to all investigators for a fifth of a century, cannot be considered Important. If there was anything in
these charges those who have lived in Los Angeles, where they originated, would not have the high respect for Mr.
Gage which 1b universally entertained.
No allusion would have been made to this case were it not for the political exigencies of certain individuals.
While Mr. Gage and I do not agree politically, and do not vote together, I trust that he will be defeated upon
political grounds only. As to the Indictment to which you refer, it was found by a Grand Jury without any no
tice to Mr. Gage, on the evidence only of the plaintiff in the civil suit and upon the suggestion of a District Attor
ney who was one of the counselin the civil suit. This same District Attorney afterward dismissed the indictment
sooner than meet a trial which Mr. Gage demanded. The dismissal was made upon the specified ground that there
was no evidence to sustain it.
Copp and L. D. Adams. The following are
the delegate!* to the State convention:
i Hon. J. H. Neff, Hon. H. T. Powers, F. P.
Tuttle, O. L. Barton, William Nicholls,
W. E. Llnlnger, F. W. Turner, L. D.
Adams and H. C. Trippett.
Tuolumne's Work Finished.
JAMESTOWN, Aug. 20.— The Tuolumne
County Republican convention met to
day In the Superior Court room, with
sixty-nine delegates present and all pre
cincts represented except Solambo. Paul
Morris was chairman and Richard Inch
secretary. The nominations were as fol
lows: Sheriff. George Richards: Clerk and
Auditor, Henry Nelson; Assessor, John
Monahan; Recorder, Richard Inch; Dis
trict Attorney, F. T. Otis; Treasurer, J.
W. Richards; Public Administrator and
Coroner, C. H. Burtif. No nominations
were made for Tax Collector. Surveyor
and Superintendent of Schools. The dele
gates to the State convention are: Paul
Morris, A. M. McDonald. K. L. Long. S.
"W. Wilmans and P. A. Hender. who are
also the delegates to the Congressional
and district conventions. They go un
in=tructed. The convention was well at
tended by Republicans who were not del
egates and there was much enthusiasm
shown. The party is confident of elect-
Ing at least a portion of the ticket named.
San Luis Republican Ticket.
PASO ROBLES, Aug\ 20.— The Republi
can county convention nominated the fol
lowing officers for the county of San
Luis Obispo: Assemblyman, W. M.
John; County Treasurer. John Kelshaw;
Sheriff, Steve D. Ballon (Incumbent— by
acclamation); District Attorney, C. W.
Palmer; County Clerk, John Wicher; Re
corder, J. F. Fiedler; Auditor, F. Cherry;
Assessor, Charles King; Public Adminis
trator, R. A. Loomis; Tax Collector, Sam
Dwyer; Superintendent of Schools, A. F.
Parson; Coroner, J. B. Nkholls.
The convention of the Democrats and
Populists will be held at Paso Robles next
month.
BATTLE ROYAL AT THE
RENO SILVER PRIMARY.
Factional Feud Revived and Many
Blows Are Struck, but There Is
No Bloodshed.
RENO. Aug. 20.— Expectations that to
day's Silver party Washoe County prim
aries would pass off quietly, based upon
the orderly — almost cut-and-dried — man
ner In which Thursday night's meeting
for the selection of thirty candidates for
delegates was carried through, were up
set early In the day. No sooner were the
polls opened at 1 o'clock than trouble
commenced. All the factional dissensions
of the party, many of which had been
buried, were resuscitated and made to do
their share in the contests or quarrels of
the day.
The resurrection of the old asylum fight,
in which Superintendent Bernstein and
State Treasurer Westerfield led opposing
Bides, was first made apparent by the ar
rival on the scene of Bernstein, Francis
Robb and about all the other asylum em
ployes and their friends, while the oppos
ing side was represented by C. A. Nor
cross, AY. G. Caffrey and others. It did
not take long for these sides to resume
old-time hostilities. Robb struck Nor
cross, or somebody struck somebody else,
and then the game was open to all
comers.
Caffrey knocked Robb down. Nichols,
from the asylum, struck Caffrey and Dan
O'Keefe knocked the former down. A
general melee followed and canes, knives
and guns were just coming into play
when a few of the better and stronger
element, by sheer strength, muzzled the
combatants and forced them apart. As
far as can be ascertained no one suf
fered more serious injury than a sore
head or blackened eye.
Governor Sadler came in for his share
of compliments and it was stated he had
been offered $500 as inducement to sign
the prizefight bill. Treasurer Wester
field's vote was challenged, but after a
hot wrangle was allowed.
ihe polls closed at 7 o'clock, 358 votes
being cast.
At midnight the count is Incomplete,
but strongly Indicates the election of the
anti-Sadler-Bergstein delegates.
OVATION TO JUDGE CONLEY.
Madera Warmly Greets Its Candidate
for the Supreme Bench.
MADERA, Aug. 20.— A grand ovation
was tendered the Hon. W. M. Conley. Su
perior Judge of the County of Madera,
this evening on his return home from the
Democratic State Convention at Sacra
mento, where he had received the nomin
ation for the office of Associate Justice of
the Supreme Court.
A large crowd of the prominent citizens
and business men of Madera, headed. by
the Madera brass band, met the Judge at
the depot and escorted him to the Opera
House, where it was previously arranged
that the reception should be held. Dis
trict Attorney L,arew acted as chairman
of the meeting and in a few well-chosen
words introduced the Judge, who. al
though not in condition for speechmaking.
thanked the people for the- high appre
ciation they had shown him, after which
the audience gave a hearty three cheers
and adjourned.
The Supreme Court Clerkship.
Edward I. Sheehan, candidate for
Clerk of the Supreme Court, is a popu
lar native son and prominent business
man, and is well and favorably known
throughout the State. His many friends
who are supporting 1 his candidacy and
urging his nomination say that as the
Democrats have nominated a Silver Re
publican for this office the Republicans
should name a man who is strong and
popular not alone with his own party,
but also among the Democrats. It is
claimed in Mr. Sheehan's behalf that
he is the only candidate yet mentioned
who is strong enough to draw any large
number of Democratic votes to the Re
publican State ticket.
If cleanliness is next to godliness soap
ought to posses the odor of sanctity.
ADVERTISEMENT S.
CLAIRVOYANT
OMAR-OMAR=OMAR=OMAR
THE OCCULT WONDER.
The Recognized Leader
Of Clairvoyance and Occult Science.
Always See the Best.
325-EDDY-325
Omar's Marvelous Tests..
Gives Full Name of Every Caller.
Names of Your Sweeheart or Husband.
Do you wish to know facts you should knowT
If you will succeed In your undertakings? If
you will win your lawsuit? If your domestic
troubles will soon end? If you would obtain
your ambition? If you are loved? If you will
succeed In your love affairs? If sick, will you
be cured? If past troubles will torment you?
If you are lucky in speculations? Do you wish
information you ought to have concerning your
future? Has the demon rum assailed the
happy quietude of your home? Does another
share the love and attention that should b«»
long to you?
Omar Never Falls
To Unite the Separated
— and—
Causes Speedy and Happy Marriages.
Guarantees Success in All Cases.
Private Residence.
Separate Parlors for Ladies and Gentlemen.
All Business Sacredly Confidential.
Letters containing 4 questions and II answered.
Omar Prepares and Works.
The Famous Occult Magnet
As Prepared by the Adepts of India-
Guaranteed to make you successful In lore.
business, marriage, divorce, law suits, etc.
Cures drunkenness, bad habits, evil Influences.
Cut This Out •
This Advertisement and $1 Will
Entitle You to a $2 Reading.
325-EDDY-325
Permanently Located Private Residence.
Separate Parlors for Ladies and Gentlemen.
All Buisness Sacredly Confidential.
/! m^ f™*|/ysCANCER
l7%^Mr Jand TUMOR
3 B^slmßr N0 PAIN
JM ff>^^fi*!r N0 KNIFE or PAlfi
$&' ■ jjMnpM "•* Pa - - " re *
r_ ' >" - ■'" $<? '■ \ .^^^ AnylnmpTn iwcmin'i
Tir^Wf'l'^r.l^'M/fJOOri breast Is cancer. Tbspot-
I'itiSgS^^^xl^l <on q^l'kly gees to »rm-
f^SSi^diWS^S^ ?'•'• lf l» r g» l t l « t< x > l»'«-
Mra's fsc* »Dd Up a com-
/pj^^3^f^^\ Mf\ I »o-Pifiß Book lent free
B ft j} •■ - Y~i jB M \ with hundreds of addrecM*
VfesSSiic^'"^ '*£s?&r*^ of honest cure*. No him.
S. R.GHAMLEY, M. 0., 17 & 1 7 Third ST., n't MaBUT St.
SEND TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER
Night Shirts.
SPECIAL THIS WEEK.
35c to $H5
Former Prices ■■ ■ Former Price*
$1.00 and $1.25. $2.50 »ad $3.00.
WILL & FINCK CO.,
820 Market Street.
STATEMENT
OV THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
. — of THE—
CONNECTICUTFIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
Of Hartford, In the State of
Connecticut,
OX THE 31ST DAT OF DECEMBER. A. D. .
!S!<.\ and lor . the year ending on that day,
as macie to the Insurance Commissioner Of th«
i State of California, pursuant to the provision*
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner, r
\ CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash .$1,000,000 M
ASSETS.
i Real estate owned by company $209,325 00
'Loans on bonds and mortgages ..... 1,090.659
Cash market value of all stocks and
.: bonds owned by company 1,955,756 90
j Amount of . loans secured by pledge
■ at bonds, stocks and other market-
; able securities as collateral 2,000 00
I Cash in company's office 645 04
I Cash in banks 127,680 6*
Premiums in due course of ' collec-
tion 181,155 TO
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 3,125 75
Total assets... $3,659,317 II
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $31,607 21
Losses in ■ process of adjustment or
in suspense :.V...\. ...... .......*. f2.750 83
Losses resisted, including- expenses.. 16,221 $1
Gross premiums on fire risks running
One year or less, ' $1,105,475 81; re- .
insurance, 50 per cent.......:....... 661,727 11
Gross premiums on fire risks running
more than one year, $1,705,793 54; re-
insurance pro rata (81, Ml 71
Total liabilities $1,676,309 68
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for lire < '.
premiums .r.-.i............... $1,874,232 14
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages •V*V, v vi /; '/* 60,618 41
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources ; 90,04141
Total inc0me........................51.814,T91 41
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid ■ for fire losses (In- ,
eluding $117,543 BS. losses of pre- j
vlous year 5)................... $802.78* Of
Dividends to 5t0ckh01der5..... ........ 100.000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage i.....U... ..>:.... ........... 305,790 «
Paid ; for ■ salaries. . : fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 134,760 78
Paid for State, national and local
taxes •••• 41,99188
All other payments and expenditures 125,539 $7
Total expenditures $1,610, 18
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year...... 8801.094 71
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium*.
kl\nSfof^rS^: $155,122,989,^913,533 41
Net amount of risks ex- 145,440,893 1,855,379 7t
pined during the year.. 145,440,893 1.855,379 71
Net'amount in force De- V22S.SX.™ 2:811,269 C
ccmber 31. 1597 228.665,049! 2.811.269 85
/ J. D. BROWNE. President.
CHARLES R. BURT. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 19th
day of r5 H thacHER, Notary Public.
BENJAMIN J.SMITH,
Manager Pacific Department. /
COLIN 7VI. BO YD,
, Agent for San Francisco,
' v • m CALIFORNIA ST. . ''; .'
910
THE LIST
IS NOW
COMPLETE
Republicans Who Go
to Sacramento.
ALL REPRESENTATIVE MEN
JfO SLATE AND NO STRINGS '-TO
HAMPEB THEM.
Assiirance That They Are to Assem
ble for the Purpose of Select
ing the Very Best
' ■" Man.
The following is the complete Hist of
delegates elected from the various" coun
ties to attend the Republican State
Convention at Sacramento next Tues
day
Alamedft County— AV'.TT. Moore. Dr. 'W. H.
Core. Charles Hadaeli. H. J. Tilden. £. B.
Ilnropeor.. J. G. Mattos Jr. I. V. Ra.'j>, J. J.
Hi.r,M>, C B. HarnxS. H. W. Meek, B. D.
Gray, W. F. Lynch. Egbert, Stone. Hligh Dl
mond. H. Sevenlng. R. Hantin, J. L. Hallen
tiae. J. B. Lanktree, Hems; Vack, P. S.
teiler. C. L. Tisdaie, George Brttt. J. C. Bates
Jr.. J. C. Adams, A C. beet. ft.. W. Church.
J H. Henderson, Frank Burnett. Jiiies, Dooms',
Eugeoo Lynch. t\ E. *Jrl«ham, Jejuee HaraU'
Ual <>eor»e bailey, J. H. Bennett. C. A. Chi.
cheater. J. O. Quinn. F. K. jioit, W. Lc^gi
Oecr e Stetson. J. M. Nasfc, L. H. Octb,
Waits- Youns. C. Crowoll. J. W. Tomplt.ni,
A H. Breed. J. F. Summer*, J. latcheU. J.
A lilUs, G. E. Randolph, j44ltuU>:. CamyJialJ.
UeorßC 6. Meredith, P. W. ileliUgaU. * N.
Wydtofl W. N. Waste. S. C. Jiarha.vc. F.
Forrien. J. M. Fey. C. H. Daly. A. J. Heal,
J -T. Carey, J. W. Evans, Hugh Hogan. ' XV.
A Dow. F. Parcells, O. B. ua.:Ucls, A. D.
Colby. J. M. Pedrinl.
Alpine County— M. D. Arnct.
Anuaor County— John V. Davis. WWtaia
Tan:. Daniel Stewart. P. A. Ckite. E. C.
,Voorhel6. William Jennings, James E. Dye.
Mime County— C H. acAtvotey. ifssrvm dei
ton. B. Tucker. E. E. MoOanfield. J. McSUl
l.on, H. P. atow, William !>©nltoiie, Charle*
Moore. William Cohn. T. L. Vlnfion. Levl
Cohn.
Oaieveras County— W. Peak. J. D. Baker,
M. JlcLood. C. W. Getcfrell, i'eter Johr.aon,
J Kurt F. J. Borlnaky. C. D. Fent»na, tfoorg* I
E. Stickle.
Coiuca County— J. W. Browilng. Ernest
Weyar.d. J. H. ZUtbtmn, W. H. Reardon.
Contra Costa County— «j€ora»- - A. Wiley, H.
V Alvarado. W. S. Tinning, A. E. Clark. J.
L. Geary Jr.. O. Hook. Eli I. Hutchinson,
ennui Hrovn pr.A ?■ rt Ivory.
Del Norte County— Hon. William Strain, V, .
H Wood bury. W. H. Morrison.
El Doradn County— C. A. Swisler. S. H. Ma
ginnes, R. S. Raw. C. 8. Pelton, Thomas Stev
enson William Husband and -S. J. Baker.
Fresno < ,uw.t>- . it .li-«^i. C. E. i*a.vis. O.
V T Carter. 3. 1.. Hague. 1.. H. Smith, X
II Short, A. Goldstein. T. G. Hart. Fresno:
W. R. Williams. Selrna; W. F. Jiowell. Ea*
ten: W. H. Shater. .Selnia; J. J. MUey, Men
a^cino: A. H. Powers. Kings River; P. W.
SiaeU'!, i,'arlu.
Ulsnn County— J. K. Kendrick. Germantown;
H. W. Walker. Willows; A. Hockheimer, Wll
1O Hurabol(lt County-J. C. Bull. W. H. Wai-
Ja-e H H Falk. A. J. Monroe, O. C. trregor.
E feevler. A. Jordahl. T. H. Minor, T. R.
Emerson. C L. Pardee, M. P. Roberts. J. W.
Ryan D. A. Francis. B. H. McNelll. A. Put
nam. 'I. C. Bush. Henry Hanßoo.
Inyo County— Finley Mclver. W. W. Water-
Kern County— C. Unkennach, George de Pas
nier, C. 11. i'alrohlM. H. Ostler, R. FrlßSelle,
A. C M&ude, A. H. Swain. C. L.. Connor.
Kings Count}-— Jamea'C. Sullivan, John Wals
wlclt, J. N. Hoyt, D. 3. Fish.
Lake County— O. W. Kemp, MUJdletown: O.
W. Paruee. Captain W. B. Collier, D. \V.
Crooks.
Laenen County— E. V. Spencer, J. Alexander.
T. A. Re;£&burry.
Los Angeles County— Henry J. Ackler.
George P. Clark. D. G. Holt. A. W. McPherson.
1). 6. Hureon. Jemes MoL^achlan. J. W. Wood,
James Clark, W. S. Wrljfht. Sdmund I>ockett.
H W. Mag?e, B. W. Harm, ex-Governor John
L Beverldge, J. W. Hawk. John W. Franc!*,
K. C. Hubbard. J. J. Arnett. Thomas Murrhy,
John K. Goodrich. (Jail Borden. J. M. Thomas,
E. D. Ncrthrup. H. F. Newell. J. K. Brady,
F. A. Molyneaux. H. O. Tlnaley, T. C. Bouldln.
C. F. Allen. W. M. Htatt. bates Whitehead.
W. H. Davis A. E. Davlß. Thomas Lloyd. Wil
liam H. Kelao, James P. Le-r.-is. W. C. llatchel.
lor. W. li. Caruenter. i)r. 3. L. Burdlck. M;
Cloufb, Edwin Munspy. J. 11. Vena, J. :'
aiercdith. M. I>. Pmlth. J. B. Campbell, Wil
liam J. VarfW. Robert E. Wlrshlns. William
G. V.'orfhara. Eugene C. Haskell. John Morton,
1.. R. <sarrett. John F. Hughes. Conrad
ScheciT. Sherman. Peaae. E. P. Johnson, Lewis
Thome. J. 6. Slauson, Dr. E. R. Smith. Dr.
W. E. D. Morrison, C. W. Sean-.ar.s. A. P.
Cross. E. E. Maxwell. C L. Strange. Thomas
Btrobm, M. G. AsTilrre. Jtohn Lowell. F. M.
Sterling. W. H. Holcomb. Ohbrles E. Donna
tln Charles Oilman. C. E. Cole. Dr. E. A.
Bryant, K. Livingston. 8.. F. Field. 0. T.
Johneor., J. R. N*-wberr>'. W. C. Furrey. A. K.
Crawford, Ed Meserve. George SlnsabauKh,
l.uth»r Brown.
Mad»ra County- W. C. Maze. J. "W. Watklna,
A C. Shn.v.-.
Mar'n County— R. 8. Alexander. San Rafael;
11. A. Gorley. San Rafael; J. H. Pryor, Sau
rallto: A. Hnbbel. Tomalee; Thomas Eatey,
I'lcasio: William Burr: F. Q. Waterhouse. Bo
lints: A. Carton!. Olema,
• Marlposa County— Hanna, Fleming, Gal-
I.son. r. F. Itcenlg. ""i^: ;7 '. : '
Merdoclno County— A. Whlpple, C. J.
T.v-rri John nark, William B. Coombß. Wil
liam Hanen. A M. Duncan. O. A. Sturtevant.
JI.-r.r-. Marks. William Chcesal, T. D. Albee,
T. L." Car' there.
Merced County— C. F. Wade. J. W. Knox.
Charles Harris. W. F. Rlngnold.
J'odoc County- T. LeJrd. C. C. Auble, D.
35 MolJcey.
Mor.o County— John D. Murphy, Charles W.
P.'.rkcy.
Monterey County— U. Grapp. Bradley;
CT-.erl»x R. Whicher Jr.. Castrovllle: E. w.
•"atrt. •-• A. Dorn. C. F. Lacey. B. W. Conk
lln linaf '■'' Barlea Gronzales; .T. J. Heb
bmn, rarmelo; F. M. Hllby, E. B. Rice, Mon
ter»v.
Napa County— Percy 8. King. W. F. Fisher.
Ovvn V n<!». W. F. Mlxon. 3. Fry*. B. M.
>•' -.v ■ ■ ir.h G. W. Btrohl. T. B. Hut"hlnson, E.
'/.. Rennet rey. W. H. Corlett. P. H. Herley.
N«vn<la County— W. F. Enplebrlsfht, Geor*e
Hu<-hM=. D. E. Morgan, A. R. Lord. Xavada.
City: Charles E. Wren. Charlea E. Clynch. E.
Jainle«on. Gran Valley: J. V. Kidder, Major
;;,[/.' ■, A. '-'■■ Blcelow. F. Rutherford.
Orange County— H. McPhee. L. L. Shaw. Z.
B "W'st. A. A. Bates, William Crowther,
B>nry Ki'Phel. B. Armor. R. T. Harris.- Rev.
X). P." M«-H«nry, O. A. Harlln. E. D. Waffle,
Jchn McFndi'en, I. N. Everett. Robert Mc-
F?<1"1»>n. J. _H. Whit alter. <"'. A. N'o'-^ian.
George L. Wright. W. G. McPherson, M. A.
Forster, Cash Harvey.
Placer County Hon. Jacob F. Xeff. Hon. H.
1 Powers F P. Tuttle. O. I. Barton, William
Nichols, W. E. Llninser. F. W. Turner, L. D.
Adamp and H. C. Trippett.
Plumas County— George Standart, Dr. Mas
siv. G. c. ii ii.-h. V. B. Webb.
Riverside County— O. B. Fuller. C. B. Web
rter. Corona; WilllHm Collier. John O. North,
J"dpe .1 B. v..'»-. F. A. Miller. T. E. Ell's,
r.lslnnre; J. S. Fr!>ncf. Moreno; C. O. Bafkfr.
s'->inlne; A. G. Munn, .San Jacinto; Goorge
Frost.
Sacramento Countv— E. C. Hart, F. R. Dray,
T F. Tebbets. J. W. Wilson. E. C. Atkinson.
C N. Tost. A. J. Rhodes. B. W. Cavanaugh.
Grove L. Johnson. C. K. Llpmnn, Gjorie
Ftack. F. A. Darous. J. L.. Oillls. W. . H.
O-^'-an. E'wood llrner. J. 11. Butcher. M. J.
r>'llm«n. .Toopnh Klnney. W. B. Sawyer, Will
lam Curtis. F. J. Jchncton. W. W. Greer,
V- "1 am Jntinrtoh. T. C. Perkins.
Ban Benlto County— X. C. Rrisrys. I^em Orr,
XT. K. Scott. Dr. C. C. Carfflll. D. F. Mc-
Phail.
Bnn Bernardino— F. F. Kelly, R. B. Porter.
, aires Mack. W. R. Miller. A. C. Gaylord. S.
Vn\\r. W. 9. Hooper. Frank F. Otter. James
ri»mmlri£r. O. M. Ham. William O. Moore. IC.
r. Wells. C. B. Hamilton. E. J. Gates, W. O.
Jones, Georpe B. Ellis.
San Dle<»o County— H. K. Arndt. E. 8. I3ab
rock. F. H. Brooks. D. C. Collier Jr., George
Fuller, A. O. Gassen. George 15. Goldman.
Gecrire R. Harrison. W. A. Hawkins, Char!e«
9. Hardy. Simon Lev!. . D. C. Reed. C. H.
Pwnllow. C. R. Stewart. Sam F. Smith, V. B.
PhJiw E. S. Torrance. M. L. Ward. L. A.
Wright.
SAN FHAXCISCO.
5 Van R. Pat?recn, delepate at lartre.
Twenty- eighth Assembly District — Joseph
 ^1) ».--v>- .»... Ptttfr QuSnn, W.
j am. Joiin I—rkJn. N. H. Bnrnham.
"i ..ei.iy-i.inih Assembly District— Edward J.
frm.th. IC. H. Williams. E. 11. Lutgens, James
1/hue, John ,T. l>aughn<?y. W. HcCauley.
Xh:rtletn Assembly District — Reuben H.
Lloyd, N. B. Engle, Charle« Coleman, Q. F.
Vwomey. Charles Metsever/. James Oilleran.
Thirty-first Assembly District— J. hi. Cole. J.
3. Collins, Thomas Uoherty, Harvey Graham,
i\ \V. Cahlll. Matt Tlerney.
Thirty-second Ase>»nbly District— John A.
Hoey, Daniel Sullivan. James C. Bymone, Sam
uel. Hamilton, Joseph I'ieanl, Jeremiah O Shea.
Thlrty-thlni Assembly District — John J.
V.adsworth, Frank J. Mitchell, Qtorse A.
Itaabe I 8. IL Brown, John C. Welch. Charle*
Katto, T. J. Lemon, Barney L. Grave.
Thirty-fourth Assembly District— l. J. Tru
man, John J. Mor*n. Ch»rl»« H. Mayers. Percy
Beamish, John Nolan. Frank 7.ann, Frank Bur
nett, . Jabez Swan, Ed^Eustice, Philip Stolz.
Thlrty-flfth Assembly District— John D. Daly,
George W. Debenham. C. W. Tabor. F. M.
Stone. W. B. Coftey. J. H. Dawspn, J. T.
Graham, J. J. Gullfoyl6. ;;:.';;j
Thirty-sixth Assembly District —S. M.
Thomas, M. F. Taylor. E. Banning. A. Duffee,
A. Attrldge. B. H. Baumelster. C. V. Pierce,
M. Dunn, A. F. Chapman. J. Sheridan, G. D.
Oroham. : .
■ Thirty-seventh Assembly District— P. B.
Cornwall, E. S. Solomon, J. G. Boobar. W. M.
Abbott. I. Zellerbach, Frank McGowan, O. C.
Went worth, M. Cooney, J. P. McMurray. James
Alva Watt. Lyman I. Mowry. J. Hughes.
Thirty-eighth Assembly District— O.
llagfdorn. Max Goldberg. M Lewis . C. F.
Kinsman. P. A. Bergerot, E. H. Algeltinger,
Alex B. Truman. Frank Robb. David Bibbero.
Luke Battles. "i v '■ ..'
Thirty-ninth Assembly District—
Howe, Thomas McDonald. Charles S. Loumeis
ter. M. Smith. T. V. Eddy, General A. L.
Hart. Thomas F. McGee. W. J. Herln. Frank
D. Worth, J. Q. Ten-ill. Henry Sonntag. J.
Burdstt.
Fortieth Assembly District — Emlle Bauer.
Edmund Tauszky, W. E. Cole. J. M. Wllklns,
Edward Coleman, John B. Carson, John J.
Cassldy. Thomas Eagar. Charles A. Green,
George R. Fletcher, F. A. Maestretti, John C;
Nobmann. ;
Forty-first Assembly District— J. C. Camp
bell, P. M. Burns. W. M. Lawlor. H. C. Fire
baugh. E. C. Carrera. J. F. Kydd, A. Hau
eer, Frank H. Powers. H. C. Dibble, Sydney
Vernon, Georjre A. Knight.
Forty-second Assembly District— Van R. Pat
erson. W. O. Banks, Al Berthier. F. S. Chad
bourne. John M. Chretien, Dr. George Drucker.
Harry N. Gray. Al Llllenfeld. D. D. Lustlg, 1
Thomas D. Riordan.
. Forty-third Assembly District— Brady.
Joseph Daly. Leon Dennery, Fred Ltinqulst.
Austin Langford. John Lackmann, J. G. (sev
erance. Charles Taylor.
Forty-fourth Assembly District— F. Arata, E.
M. Buckley. Thomfts F. Graham. E. C. Pal
mlerl, A. Ruaf, M. A. Smith, Ix>uls Strohl,
John Sohl.
Forty-fifth Assembly District— Beixlt.
James Snook, Thomas Chandler, Joseph King,
Dennis McCulloush.
San Joaquln County L. Levlnsky. Georga
Tatteraon, A. E. Aubrey, H. C. Bender, A. W.
Slmpßon, C. H. Patterson, Irving Martin. C.
M. Kenlston, R. J. Perrln. W. H. MaMory. GU
man Chase. Frank West, A. W. Davidson. J.
.O. Priestly. J. M. B'.odgett. A. A. McClelland,
H. B. Knight. J. F. Hooper, Perry Tai-10. '
Ban Lula Oblspo County— A. Oanavasclnl, B.
Brooke, M. Harloe, L. D. Weeks, F. A. Dorn,
C. D. Fowler, Dr. J. H. Glass, A. Gregg and
F. D. Frost.
Sun Mateo County— W. J. Martin. W. .7.
Whlttlcr. G. C. Roes. J. G. Hoyt, William Nel
son, H. Dearborn. E. F. Preston, Hon. C. K.
»!mn. Q. W. Levov. i
• Santa Barbara County —W. J. 'Boyce. J.
J. Carrllla, S. C. Crow, Walter Elliott. Lau
rence Harris. C. L Lloyd, Samuel Manchester,
Felix Mattel. W. H. Peterktn. W. L. Talbot.
F. M. Whitney.
Santa Clara County— A. Hale, at large.
Fan JO6*: W. J. Rodger. San Jose; A. V. Col,
Fan Jc»e: Sam <?berderner. Santa Clara.: Hen.
F. C. Franck. Santa. Clara: J. D. Williams,
Santa Clara: W. F. Coffee. Menlo Park; L. P.
Parkinson, Palo Alto: J. W. Cook. San Jose;
Ed Hereey. Campbell: Walter Clark. Mount
View; H. J. Flsk, San Jose: Dr. F. H. Bangs,
San Jo9e: L. Fintran. San Jose: J. F. o'Kee.fe,
Ban Jose; H. W. Otter. Pan Jose: Dr. M. A.
Southworth, San Jose; J, D. Miner. San Joss;
A. C. Darby. San Jose: H. M. N. Spring. San ,
Jose; Dr. D. F. McQraw, San Jo3a; James
Sargent, CMlroy; George Dunlap. Ollroy; E4
Crawford. Gllroy: R. J. Pearce, Alr.iad«n;
James Slanfleld. lyos Oatos: L. A. Bage. San
Jose; A. C. Lerrltt. San Jose: S. F. Ayree,
Mllpttos: Lloyd Chiles, San Jose; E. L. Moody,
Ban Jose: John Robertson, Edenvale.
Santa Cruz County — W. C. H"r?tn«.nn. C. E. ]
Lindsay. W. H. Gatbraith. G. F. Stanley. H. j
F. Kron. D. H. Trout, W. H. Alken. J. J.
More;.-, D. F. Maher. W. R. Porter. 1
3fca.-ta Countj-— A. J. Drynan, Ed M. Swasey,.
F. P. Prtr^r. H. O. Wlck»s. J. G. Cunning- :
ham. Adam Schuman. Jem« 4 Drew.
Sierra County— Hon. F. D. BowariJ, A. 9. i
Nichols, H. L. Nichols, W. F. Eechbecher. 3. i
O. Jones.
Rektyou— C. L. Gregory, Robert Xlxoo, Will
iam K. Instate. John Mason, Clifford
Cogsrinn. C'eorce F. Kradle. H. J. Eldridge\
C. S. Smith.
Se'.ano County— Ray Benjamin, A. L. Hathe
■u-ay, Joseph A Mclnnis. O. H. Oakley, H. i\
Etahl ar.d F. W. Willis. Vallejo; W. L.
Crooks. Godfrey Reuger, Ben'.cia: Alden An- '
derson. J. 8. Brown, fiuisun; J. B. Hoyt.
Maine Prairie; J. J. Ha«,'gerty, Va-aviil«; W.
S. Makemson, Rio Vista; W. B. Parker. \
Sonoma County — A. B. Icawion ol Santa
Rosa waa elected deWat* at larva. H. F. ;
Crawford, W. J. T. Orr, C. H. Xlelson. M. Jj
Streining. E. D. Swostser, Santa Rosa; W.
BaJlard, Gayscrvlll*; W. T. Brush. Cloverdale;
A. H. Ches3mor». Sonoma: A. Faught. Rusmlan
River; W. E. Woolsey, Fulton; W. W. Price.
Forest vlllfl; R. S. Brown. Petaluma; W. F.
Graham, auerneyviUe: H. M. Lebaron. Valley
Ford: L. A. Norton. Healdeburg; H. .*. Rich
ardson. Stewarts Point: F. A. Wlckersham.
Petaluma: O. P. Stedc*r. BebaFtopol; XT. W.
Chapman. PetpJuma; W. J. Davis, Vallejo.
Stanislaus County— T. C. Hocking, E. W. '
Brush. L. L. Dennett, C. T. Elliott Fred
Bartch. R. K. Thomas.
gutter County— William F. Hoke. M. E. -San
born. Irvrln Gr'.fflth, T. B. Hull. H. O. Purln- '
ton. i
Tehama County— V. T. Burrooe. B. B. WaJ
bridge, J. H. Greux, C. R. Ma-yhew, Dr. J. A.
Owen. A. Simpson.
Trinity County— J. R. Stoddard. A. F. Col- ;
lins. W. H. La Bar«e. C. C. ShattucJt.
Tulard County— Charles G. Limb*rsnn. VI- '
salla: Captain Thomas H. Thompson. Tulare;
E. W. Beebe, Porterville: R. H. McDonaia.
Porton-ille: M- C. Zumwalt. Tiilare; E. O. :
LarkirE. Visalla; J. D. Pfilebury. Traver; G.
W. Kllndera. flpton.
Tuolumne County — Paul Morris. A. M. Mc-
Donald, R. L. Long, S. W. Wilmans and P. A.
Hender.
Ventura County— J. S. Collins, W. H. Barnes,
Creates Orr. Thomas R. Bard. R. P. Stral
hearn, 1./. W. Andrews. H. K. Snow, C. H.
MclCevett. W. L. Hardison.
Tolo County— S. S. Hlnrtlll. J. G. Fredrick*.
Ed K. Gaddle. Jej=D» Dolan. F. H- Owens, TV.
S. Allen. K. B. Mering, F. F. Murphy.
Tuba County— E. A. Forbes. W. E. Meek'
Joseph Dnrfoe, .frmes M. Muck, A. C. Irwlnj
G. W. Hall ana J. C. Campbell. cV
PLENTY OF EVIDENCE OF
FRAUD BY THE GANG
SAX JOSE, Aug. 20— The Good Govern
ment League delegates will go to the Re
publican convention backed by such proof
as they believe will clearly show them
entitled to s«-ats In the convention. Since
the late R<-;x primaries the league has
had able and careful men at work se
curing evidences of fraud. They have
secured any amount of it and have it
properly prepared and certified.
While the league has not made the
character of this evidence public, it is
known that one thing to be clearly shown
is that many men voted In the primary
who were not entitled to do so. It is
stated to be a fact that proof is in hand
to show that life-long Democrats were
freely voted by the gang in their desper
ation to carry the primaries. Other things
which will be shown is that there was
fraud, and wholesale fraud In the recep
tion of the ballots. C. J. Cornell's affi
davit teliK how his ballot was skillfully
made to disappear and ont- h<- had not
voted put in the bo* in its stead.
At a meeting of the league tnis after
noon it was decided to establish a morn-
Ing daily here, a paper to be known as
the San Jose Republican. There are good
men and true, with any amount of means
b"liin<f it. One of the men in the meeting
said: "I have been paying money to that
corrupt :-h»-Ht. the Mercury, to be robbed
by it. 1 have turned it down forever."
And this is the general feeling among all
decent citizens.
A committee was appointed to prepare
articles of incorporation, with instruc
tions to get them ready within the next
ten or fifteen days— next week if possible.
The company will be formed at once, as
large blocks of stock have already been
pledged.
A full delegation will leave here at 9:20
o'clock Monday morning for Sacramento.
Ail wiio were candidates at the late pri
mary will go. and contend that ;is they
were counted out they are the true repre
sentatives They will battle for their
rights, believing they will win. Their
looks, bturir.g and conduct, not to men
tion names, will give them a standing
anywhere. There is not a "jobber" or cor
ruptionlßt among them. Their personnel
will impress the convention, and stands
in bold contrast to the Job lot of gang
sters — so-railed Republicans and Demo
cruts—who make up the great bulk of the
R>-a followers.
— ■♦
WORLD'S RECORD
LOWERED BY BALD.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 20.— The largest crowd
that has attended an athletic exhibition
in St. Louis for the past three years
turned out at Athletic Park to-day to
witness the national circuit bicycle races,
which occupied the five-lap board track
exactly three hours. Eddie liald and
"i'lugK< r Bill" Martin were favorites
the crowd at the start. Bald was in
splendid condition and captured the mile
national championship from all the
cracks of the circuit by a close margin
in 2:00 2-5. breaking the world p competi
tion record on a five-lap track. F. A.
McFariand won the half mile handicap in
a gruelling finish, and Jay Eaton lanaed
the two-mile handicap without being
pushed to any extent at the finish. Sum
maries:
Half mile, handicap, professional— F. A. Mc-
Fariand (scratch) won. Arthur Gardiner (10
yards) second, Orlando Stevens (10 yards) third.
Time. l:0u 2-.'..
One mile, national championship, final heat —
Eddie Bald won, Martin second, McFariand
third. Time. 2:00 2-R. Paced by Jack Coburn
and Ben Monroe on singles.
Two-mile handicap, professional — Jay Eaton
(66 yards) won. Tom Cooper (20 yards) second,
McFariand (scratch) third. Time, 4:30.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUXDAT, AUGUST 31, 1898.
GAVE HIM THE GLASS EYE.
How a Patient Shocked Steward Fo
garty of the Receiving Hospital.
A rather poorly dressed middle-aged man walked
Into the Receiving Hospital yesterday morning and
asked that a wound over his left eye be dressed.
"How were you Injured?" inquired Night Steward
Fog-arty.
"Got Into a scrap," was the laconic reply of the
stranger.
The cut was not a serious one, and after It was
examined by the surgeon the steward applied a
simple dressing and proceeded to put a bandage
over the injury. The wound was such that the
bandage necessarily covered the eye nearest the
wound. The patient made no protest about having
the eye covered, but the other eye kept staring
blankly at the wall on the opposite side of the room.
Fogarty was particular in adjusting the bandage so
it would give as little discomfort to the patient as
possible, and when the operation was finished he,.
In a patronizing way, told the stranger he could go.
"How do you expect me to find my way?"
aske<l the patient, attempting to take the bandage
off his eye.
"Use the other eye." angrily retorted Fogarty.
"How can I?" remarked the stranger. "This
bandage shuts off my vision."
"Don't give me any work like that," testily re
plied the steward. "Tou must think I'm a dead
one."
"So is this," -emarked the patient as he removed
a glass eye from the socket that had escaped being
covered by the bandage, and handed the lump of
glass to the astonished steward.
"That's one on me, " laughingly replied Fogarty.
"Here Is 10 cents, get a drink at the nearest
saloon."
The stranger, who gave his name as Charles
McDonald, explained that about a year ago he had
his right eye shot out during a quarrel over a game
of craps.
He had a glass eye Inserted simply to "add to
his beauty," as he expressed It.
After hearing his story Fogarty rather sheepish
ly extended his hand to the strange patient and told
him to call again if he needed medical attention.
SAN JOSE IS
TO RECEIVE
THE NATIVES
The Ninth of September
Celebration.
DETAILS ARE ALL ARRANGED
SAN FRANCISCO ANT> ALAMEDA
ACTIVE.
The Garden City Promises the Finest
Entertainment Ever Given
to Parlors and
Friends.
Charles E. Mooser presided last night
at the Native Sons' Hall at an enthusi
astic meeting of the Joint Ninth of Sep
tember Celebration Committee of the No- |
tlve Sons of the Golden West, who are
working to the end that the Admission
day jollification in San Jose shall excel
any of previous years.
The chairman of the transportation com
mittee announced that the following train
schedule had been adopted:
From San Francisco— September 8. 2:45 p. rn^
3:30 p. m.. 4:15 p. m., 5- p. m.. 5:30 p. m., 6:30
p. m. and special 9 p. in.; September 9, regular
7 a. m., 9 a. m. and special. From Oakland
and Alameda— September 8, regular afternoon
trains, broad and narrow, and special from
Oakland at I p. m.. at Fourte«nta and Franklin
streets; September 9, on all morning trains.
bath broad and narrow gauge. From San Jo»«
—September 9. 3:30 p. m.. 5:35 p. m. and spe
cial 10 p. m. for Ban Francisco; for Alam«da
and Oakland broad gauge, 5 p. m.. 5:35 p. m. ;
narrow gauge, 3:44 and special 10 p. m. Sep
tember 10, 11, 12, on all regular trains.
Treasurer C. de Steiger stated that he
would be ready to deliver tickets at 350
Main street on and after to-morrow.
It was decided that if there are any
profits the same will be divided share and
share alike among the parlors participat
ing.
An invitation was extended to all Call
• fornia volunteers In this city and In Ala
meda to participate in the parade on the
night of the Bth of September in San Fran
cisco.
Stanford Parlor announced that It will
i parade in this city on the night of the
' Bth, and will be headed by a band of six
teen pieces.
The California Pioneers and Veteran
I Firemen declined invitations to take part
: in the celebration on account of having 1
i accepted previous invitations. ,
W. J. Kirkpatrlck. J. W. Sullivan and
PUTRIFIED MEAT
SERVED TO MEN
ON THE ST. PAUL
After Having Been Condemned at
Honolulu It Is Taken
Back on Board.
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
Special Correspondence of The Calt.
HONOLULU, Aug. 11.— An unpleasant episode has occurred In con
nection with the provisions of the transport St. Paul that certainly de
serves the closest Investigation by the American people. The following
report briefly gives the facts:
OFFICE OF THE BOARD OF HEALTH.
HONOLULU. Aug. 8. 1898.
Hon. W. O. Smith, President of the Board of Health— Sir: The atten
tion of Dr. Mor.tsarrat and myself having been ctUled to the fact that a
large amount (several thousand pounds) of beef, pork and mutton had been
landed from the troopship St. Paul to an unfit . condition for food, to be
placed In cold storage, we to-day made thorough examination of the same
and find-
That said beef, pork and mutton when landed was unfit for food; that
It showed all the condition* Immediately preceding putrefaction In the best
pieces, and that In a majority of the quarters and sides it showed evidence
of an advanced state of decay, making it unwholesome as food and dan
gerous to health. Yours respectfully, ARTHUR JOHNSTONE.
Commissioner of Food.
But this Is not the worst. In a report read at a subsequent meeting
of the Board of Health it was shown that the meat, after having been
condemned, was taken aboard the St. Paul to be doled out to the vol
unteers during the remainder of the voyage to Manila. The Honolulu au
thorities considered themselves powerless to prevent this outrage.
H. SuzzaUo of San Jose spoke on behalf
of the San Jose committee, and said that
ample preparations have been made for
the entertainment of Native Sons and
their friends. They promised a royal re
ception on the night of the Bth. with fire
works and music. They said that the clty
wlll be decorated as it has never been be
fore. The following Is the revised pro
gramme:
September B—Rerevtlon8 — Rerevtlon of parlors arriving In '
the afternoon by the local parlors. Evening: j
Ke<-*{>tl<»n and short parade with nrewnrks; ;
upon the arrival of the Pan Franclero parlors.
September »— Parade at 10 o'clock. After
noon: Reception by l<x'al parlors <<t Native
Sons and Native Daughters al th>» Courthouse,
and by the various parlors at their respective
headquarters: bicycle r*ces and baseball at
Cyclers" Park. Evening: Grand ball at the
new imrillon.
September 10 — Morning: Bull's bead break
fast at Agricultural Park.
September 11— Morning: Clam bnke at Alum
Rock Park for the brothera und their ladies.
Athens Parlor of Oakland, which made
its Initial bow at the celebration held in
Sacramento In lsK>. as the baby parlor
of that year, and the members of which,
to keep up the position of baby, appeared
in baby clothes, including baby cap. bib,
rattle and soothing bottle filled with
milk. Is making arrangements for the
event next montn and proposes to make
a novel appearance. At the succeeding
celebrations in Stockton in \Wf>. and the
one io Santa Rosa in 1597, the 33 r oungsters
had grown so that they appeared out of
their swaddling- clothes and marched !"
suits of white and each carried a white
parasol, to which was attached a
streamer of golden poppies. The boys
of Athens were complimented on the fine
appearance they made. This year the
members of the parlor will try to ma>ce
a still better showing, and with that i«ii a
In view. Ben F. Woolner. W. K. Deane
and C. 11. Green, the celebration com
mittee, has Issued the following to lta
members:
Tou are one of the favored few. Dorn and
bred in California, you have more blessings
than h«B ever before fallen to the lot of depend
ent ma n^ but ncrt more than you deserve. You. as
a Native Hon. bare displayed the presence of a
brilliant future by Joining the klng-pln of par
lors in California, Athens on the Pacific. Now.
Ath'-ns Parlor always figures prominently In
commemorating '"'ulirornla's admission to state
hood. Thin year is no exception. We expect
all loyal members to parade in San Jose, Sep
tember 9. IS9S. In regulation white duck suits,
with blue vestlet, white duck golf cap, patent
leather shoes and white silk parasol with poppy
streamers attached, also badge of golden color.
This year will develop some new warlike
demonstrations In the parade, and Athens Par
lor has In preparation one of the most unique
floats ever floated. The god of war must needs
be watchful else we steal his throne and
scsptar.
From the enthusiasm that has already
been manifested the committee feels that
the entire membership will be in line.
Among those who are lending material
aid to the committee are J. >T Fogarty,
M. O. Perkins, R. J. Montgomery, A. B.
Champion. L. A. Hlnman, E. J. Thibault
H. L. Martin and Dr. J. L. Milton.
Sequoia Parlor has invited the members
of Fremont Parlor of the Native; daugh
ters to be Its gue6ts at San Jose, and the
ladles have accepted and will appear in a
neat uniform in the parade. Sequoia has
secured headquarters in Bolloha's Hall,
at East Ban Fernando and Third streets'
where a reception will be held.
The Native Sons' band, organized by R.
D. Barton of Sequoia Parlor about "two
years ago. and composed exclusively of
Native Sons, will lead one of the divi
sions In the San Jose parade. The mem
bers are R. D. Barton, leader: A. O.inco
Rny Allen, A. A. Blanchi. C. Gilstrop A
Condy, J. S. Ward, F. Rausch, Thomas
Marlon, P. Allen, F. McOeery and George
Hinks.
W. F. MONTSARRAT. V. S.,
Meat Inspector.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
«l T" When Worn Out."
IPj JOHN PHILIP SOUSA,
JigSlßiSjm The Well-known American Composer.
J^P^^ Sss >-v NEVER HAS ANYTHING BEEN SO HIGHLY AND SO JUSTLY PRAISED AS
jj^^^^^^l^m MARIANI WINE
IS» W Braces Body and Brain
ffwPll^R r MARIANI WlftE has written endorsements
|r^lw" If From more than 8000 American Physicians.
VJ? iH^^^«# MARIANI WINE is Specially Indicated for:
VI USS^'^y^nPf Nervous Affections, Throat and Luna Diseases. Dyspepsia, Anaemia, We«kn«««
U fnoin whatever cause*, Profound Depression or Exhaustion,
JOHN PHILIP SOUSA Writes : LA GRIPPE, GENERAL DEBILITY, MALARIA,
For those who are run down,
When worn out I nd
nothing so.heipfui as a j OVERWORKED MEN, DELICATE WOMEN, SICKLY CHILDREN,
gIaSS Of Yin Man'ani. TO j So , d by al| DrußKlst9- Beware of l» jttatlons and Substitutions.
brain-workersand ChOSe i SPECIAL OFFER _ To all who write mentioning the SAN FHANCISCO
WhO expend a great deal CALL, we send a book containing portraits and indorsements of EM-
Of nervous force it is in- 1 p E*o*s, empress, princes, cardinals, archbjshops and other
distinguished personages.
valuable. mariani & co., 52 west isth street, new york.
' ' JOHN PH LIP SOUSA. Parla-H Boulevard Hauwmmn: Ix>ndon-S3 Mortimer Street; Montreal-M-30 Hospital Dtßii
From the Sunjeon-ln-Chlef MARCHING OF ENGLISH SOLDIERS. TERRORS OF LA GRIPPE.
of the French Army: (Reprinted from The London Sketch.) (From the Chicago Medical Era.)
============= iSSSSfth? fnrf ntg n m!Kw5.»TWa-'S; j "Many patients recover ™* .lowly.
During long, tedious marches, our sol- best seen during my command at Aider- • The lassitude and weakness call* tot
dlers and officers found Instant relief from shot, or since I was Ilret stationed there , " . . .
fatigue and hardships when using the I twenty-eight year* ago. Many officers ; something: in the nature of a tonlo. and
marvelous ton*, Yin M.rl»l . It prevent- ! B « t «^f u £ < S ie t i l V )I &lsnow^ <™ this purpose I am satisfied that I
ed fevers and sickness in the marshy and ■ Mar ani wine, the most certain as well j have found a preparation that answer*
unhealthy territory.— H. LIBERMANX, ,as the moat pttatable method of indue- i ...„,„
M. D., Surgeon in Chief French Army. | ing resistance to fatigue. ' f J ' he purpose. I refer to Vln Mariani.
SUGGESTIONS OF
FOREIGN POLICY
Conclusions of the Sara
toga Conference.
THE PRESIDENT COMMENDED
DISPOSITION OF CONQTTEBED
TEBBITOBY.
This Country Should Not Cease to
Control Until the Natives
Are Able to Govern
Themselves.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SARATOGA. Aug. 20.— Chancellor
McCracken of the University of New
York, as chairman of the committee of
; twenty-one on resolutions, presented to
the National Conference on the Foreign
Policy of the United States a report,
which he said had been unanimously
agreed upon by the committee. The
: resolutions were unanimously adopted
; by the conference as follows:
"We. the participants in the national
conference on the foreign policy of the
'■ United States, held at Saratoga on Au
gust 19 and 20. 1898. are unanimously
agreed as follows:
"We commend the wise and patriotic
, purpose of the national administration
In lirst seeking to avoid war with Spain.
I and subsequently prosecuting the war
I with higher aims and success in bringing
■it to a speedy conclusion. It is glorious
i to our arms and gratifying to the high
I aspirations of our peuple.
"On behalf of freedom and human wel
i fare we thank the omeers and men of our
| army and navy for their skillful and ho
! roic achievements on land and sea and
I for their chivalrous conduct toward the
! defeated enemy. We believe that the res
! cued and liberated people of the surren
i dered islands are, in a sense, temporarily
! the wards of the conquering nation, and
we should treat them as such.
"With our success, with our view of
natural rtpht and of the inestimable
privileges <>f civil liberty, we should not
be Justified in returning the conquered
i islands to the misrule and oppression
i from which we have relieved them. As
I soon as the islands under our present
protection can be trusted to govern
themselves, they should be allowed to
do so. the United States retaining under
its authority only necessary naval sta
tions. Until such time as they may be
able to' govern themselves they should
continue under the protection of the Uni
ted States, and the question as to wheth
er, at some future peril >d and at the mu
tual desire of both, they should be per
manently annexed should be left to the
time when it arises.
"The United States, in behalf of each
territory in question, and so long as it
shall continue under its protection, should
adopt proper measures for securing out
of tjie revenues of these countries, the
establishment of free, elementary, unsec
tarian schools, sufficient for the instruc
tion of all persons of school age.
"We count the present an auspieous
time for the establishment by the United
States of a graded diplomatic and con
sular service.
"We heartily approve of the principle
of arbitration in the settlement of Inter
national difficulties and urge that its
largest practicable application be supplied
by treaties of arbitration.
""We cordially favor the precedent set
by President McKlnley in refusing at the
beginning of the war to grant letters of
marque and reprisal, and we recommend
that In the pence to be concluded between
the United States and Spain the practic
ing of privateering be forever prohibited;
also that provision be made, as foreshad
owed by the Government of the United
States in refusing to sign the declaration
of Paris in 1556, for the exemption from
capture of private property at sea. in ac
cordance with the enlightened sentiments
of mankind."
Chairman Henry "Wade Rogers and
Secretary Ralph W. Eastly of Chicago
and the committee of twenty-one were
instructed to present the resolutions
to President McKlnley and his Cabinet
for their consideration. The conven
tion to-night adjourned subject to the
call of Chairman Rogers.
MRS. BOTKIN INDIGNANT.
Resents Reports in Connection With
the Dunning Murder.
STOCKTON, Aur. 20.— Mrs. W. A.
Botkin showed considerable indigna
tion this evening when a report reached
her that an effort was b?ing made to
bring about her arrest in connection
with the death of Mr?*. J. P. Dunning
her sister at Dover, Del. She said
the threats of arrest did not perturb
her In the least. She answered with
evident readiness all questions concern
ing her acquaintance with Mr. Dun
ning. She said she knew Mr. Dunning
had been financially emb;uras<<.cd and
was much interested in the races. She
knew of no female friend whom Dun
ning made much over and declared she
was absolutely in the dark as to who
could have had any motive in bringing
about the death of Mrs. Dunning and
her Bister.
Beverly Botkin, her son, was an inti
mate acquaintance of Dunning. He
said he was responsible for intioducinsj
Dunning into his family, but declared
he knt w nothing that could thro>v m>
more light on Dunning's life than has
already been published.
Botkin senior was very Indignant
over the imputations cast upon his
wife by recent reports and declares
that she has been prostrated through
the notoriety which has overtaken her
through a mere acquaintance with
Dunning. The lady has kept close in
doors for the past two days and has
spent most of her time with a lady
friend.
ROUGH RIDER'S CRIME.
One of Roosevelt's Men "Wanted for
the .murder of a Woman.
NEW YORK. Au?. 20.— A telegram
from Kansas City asks for the arrest
of Private Seville of Troop I, Rough
Riders, who, it is alleged, murdered a
Miss Schumaker in Kansas City. Mo..
in 1897. Before the receipt of the tele
gram Seville disappeared from the
camp at Montauk Point, and he has j
not yet been found.
♦
NAVAL PROMOTIONS.
Commodore Howell Advanced to the
Grade of Rear Admiral.
"WASHINGTON, Aug. 20.— The Presi- ,
dent has made the following promo- >
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Restored by Prof. Jules Laborde's Marvelous
French Preparation of Calthos.
FULL 5-DAYS TREATMENT FREE
BY SEALED MAIL.
Ho C. O- D. or Deposit Scheme.
All persons who suffer from the harrow-.
Ing effects of nervous disease should '■
write the Yon Mohl Co., Cincinnati,
Ohio, at once, and receive by return
mall their five days trial treatment of j
"Calthos" free of charge. This is no C. '■
O. D. or DKPOSIT scheme, but a gen-
erous offer made to unfortunate suffer-
ers by this long-established concern.
Which Is the largest Importer of specifics .
for nervous and sexual diseases in the
world.
The Yon Mohl Co. have the sole Ameri-
can rights for Prof. Laborde's French
preparation of "Calthos." the only reme- '
dy known to advanced medical science
that will positively cure nervous debility
In young or old men.
This remedy has for years been used '
as a specific in the French and German
armies; and since its introduction Into
the United States its remarkable success
in Europe has been repeated in this
country. Lost vitality creeps upon men
unawnres. Do not deceive yourself or
remain in ignorance while you are being
dragged down by this Insidious disease.
No matter whether this weakness has
been caused by early abuse, excesses r
overwork and business cares, the results
are the same — premature loss of strength
and memory, emissions. Impotency and j
enlarged veins (varlcocele) and diminu- '
tlons in the navy: Commodore John
A. Howell, to be rear admiral, vice
Rear Admiral Charles S. Norton, re
tired; Lieutenant Cameron M. Win
slow, to be advanced five numbers on
the list of lieutenants for extraordinary
heroism; Lieutenant Edwin A. Ander
son, to be advanced five numbers on
the list of lieutenants for extraordinary
heroism; Chief Engineer George Cowie
to be advanced three numbers on the
list of chief engineers for eminent and
conspicuous conduct in battle.
PEACE NOTIFICATION
ARRIVED TOO LATE.
Received by General Menitt Three
Days After Manila Had
Been Taken.
WASHINGTON, Aup. 20.— The "War
Department received the following this
afternoon:
HONGKONG. Aup. 2O._ Adjutant Gen
eral, Washington: Cablegram of the 12th
directing that military operations be sus
pended was received on the afternoon of
the I'Jth. The Spanish commander was
notified. Acknowledge receipt of cable
gram of the same date containing the
proclamation of the President.
SPAIN'S COMMISSION
FOR PORTO RICO
Special Cable to The Tall and the N>-w T"rk
Herald. Copyrighted. IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MADRID. Aug. 20.— The commission
for Porto Rico will consist of General
Ortega, member of a noble Spanish
family and famous as the terror of the
t'arlist party, and Senor Villarino of
the navy, who was at the head of the
sorties made by the Spanish gunboats
against the Americans, and who is
military auditor of the island.
tive parts. "Calthos" will cure you at
any ■ stage before epilepsy results with
ensuing consumption and insanity
The beneficial effects of "Calthos" or*
felt at once In the manner most desired,
and the remedy being of pure vegetable
™« * harmless to the, most delicate
person. It greatly increases the circula-
t on of the blood through the small arte-
ries, thereby generating immediately- a
warm exhilaration felt from, head to foot
that makes possible results that have
heretofore existed only in the imajrina-
tion; bringing to the married more' per-
fect union and harmony, and to the un-
married a sense of new , delights it is
a scientific fact that a continuous rapid
circulation of blood through the smaller
veins makes muscle and increased devel-
opment in any part of the body where
this condition can be induced. "Calthos"
acts directly at the peat of the trouble
no matter of how long standing, and
restores strength and vitality and devel-
ops the Parts permanently and naturally.
All feelings of bashfulness and lack of
confidence toward the opposite sex are
banished by this wonderful treatment
and a man becomes thoroughly- his own
master by his full control over his de-
sires and actions.
« The Yon Mohl Co. is continually recelv-
frJL rf most £ stonis hirig testimonials
from persons who have taken only five
days treatment of "Calthos";. and from
thousands of others who have been per-
manently cured after having been given
up by doctors, misled and ruined in
health by disreputable medical schemers,
and when they had given up their last
hope for health and happiness. Some ir-
responsible advertisers are using "made-
up- testimonials,: but the Yon Mohl Co.'
Invariably- declines to make public the
names or correspondence of any patients
who have been cured by "Calthos." Five
days' treatment of "Calthos" will be
placed In your hands free of cost by seal-
ed mail, and you are earnestly urged for
your own sake to send for it without de-
lay. Write to-day and send your ad-
dress. It is not necessary to give em-
barrassing details of your symptoms. The
book sent with the five days' treatment
will enable you r to take the medicine in
private and treat yourself at home. It
costs ; nothing to try the remedy.' It may
cost you. a great deal to let this offer go
by. v "-Write . to-day. , .
Address THE YON .MOHL CO., 477
B. Cincinnati. Ohio. (Largest importers
of Standard; Preparations in the United
States.) - - ' • ■::THEY PLAYED
GREAT BALL
Athletics Do Not Make a
Single Error.
DEFEAT THE OAKLANDERS
SOME SHARP FIELDING AND
SCATTERED HITS.
Excellent Baseball at Recreation
■ :Park, Which Resulted in a
Score of Three to
One.
P The'^Athletics, playing an errorless
Tne'-'/Athletics, playing an errorless
game. " defeated the Oaklands yesterday
■ at Recreation Park, with the score read
ing 3—l;. -For eight innings the men from
across/the bay tried to send a man across
the I/fate, but they failed. In the ninth
; .they, ■scored one, however. The good
playing of the Athletics was the cause
i-t" their defeat. In the matter of hits, the
= Qakia.nu'3 tallied up one more than their
rivals. The errors of the suburban team
'were the one blot on what would have
otherwise been a remarkably line game
'••"of ball. :'/."-.;■
In the" first inning McLaughlin scored
for the • Athletics. He went to first on
"•".■^alls,-. stol< second, went to third on a
wild tlirow and came in on a hit.
.. .The last run scored by the Athletics was
made by i'> tie in the fifth. The only
• scoring .the Oaklanders could effect was
...in- the "-.ninth inning, when Lange, by a
■ •hit; matde first, stolt* second and went to
third am a fumbled high ill. Another
fumble, and ':... scored.
T-Jn3 most noteworthy and spectacular
• features of the game were the brilliant
fielding of Moskim&n and Hildebrand and
■'the., batting of Eager. Moskiman also got
a; beautiful three-base hit to deep center
• field."; •.:
• The score is as follows:
ATHLETICS.
"• " AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pyne. 1 b 3 1 0 0 10 0 0
Reirijv.2 b 3 0 10 4 4 0
M.-I-aufi-hlin, s. s 3 10 2 2 10
■•Johnston/ -3 b.... 4 0 10 110
■ Hi'iiirbrand. r. 1 4 0 0 0 4 4 C
4 1 2 1 1 0 0
- n, 1. f 3 0: 0 0
-\"4OV 0 o U 0
■•Fitzpatrick, p 6 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 33 3 5 3 27 14 0
OAKLAND.
. ; • • AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, c. t 4 0 0 0 1 1 M
ONtffll, 2 b 4 0 0 0 12 1
•• Lar.ge, 3 b 4 12 116 1
■ "Sullivan, c 4 0 0 0 5 3 1
Hara-ie, r. t 3 0 10 0 10
"■ Bliss\ : b 3 0 0 0 13 0 0
• S(.hm*er, s. 8 4 0 0 0 3 2 2
.• Moskiman. L i 3 0 2 0 3 0 0
• Kussell, .p 3 0 1 0 0 8 0
■ "Totals ....1 31 1 6 1 27 22 6
RUNS BY INNINGS.
''.Athletics 1 10 0 10 0 0 o—3
Base hits 1 10 110 0 0 I—s
• Oakln-nds ■ 0 0 0 0 "000 I—l
Base hits 10101010 2—6
SUMMARY.
•'.'Three-base hit Moskiman. Two-base hit—
Bean.ton. Sacrifice hits— Peters, McLaughlin.
Base on errors — Athletics 3. Bases on balls —
Off Fitzgerald 2. off Russell 4. Left on bases—
Athletics 2, Oaklands 2. Struck out— By Fitz
'piitriek -. by Russell D. Double plays — Hilde- |
brand to Rljey to Peters. Passed balls — Peters
. 1, SulHvan 1. Time of same — 1 hour 30 min
ute's. Umpire — D. Creamer. Official scorer —
•. let.
The line-up for to-day's game is as follows:
' Athletics. Position. Santa Cruz.
•■ Fltzpatrick Pitcner Baits
• Peters Catcher C. Daubentils
pyne First base Fitzgerald
Reillx-.--* Sgoi nd ba3e....ArreUajies
Joiuiston., Third base. Devereaux
Stullz Shortstop Williams!
McLaughlin Left field Streib
Foni Center field Mclntyre
' Hildebrand Kmht field Barge
Eager Extra McGrath
ASKS FOR AN ACCOUNTING.
Francis Cutting Sues His Daughter,
Her Husband and Her Guardian.
Francis Tutting, secretary of the Cut
ting Packing- Company of this city, filed
suit yesterday for an accounting against
Mary N. Patterson, Harold Courtenay
and Isabella Courtenay. The complain
.' ant. recites that some time ago Harold
Courtenay married Isabella Cutting, a
'.daughter of the plaintiff, and at that
time a deed of trust was execul
' -Cutting by which Mrs. Courtenay was
■ the beneficiary of an income which ag
• gre-gated 52500 yearly. In 1593 Courtenay
. separated from his wife, and she went
to. live with Mrs. Patterson in New
• ■ Yo : rk. Subsequent to that time Mrs.
v liecame insane, and is now confin
' a New York asylum. Never
the Income was paid in monthly install
■ rhonts, and besides the amount, Mi
t'-'ik :alle£res that he has paid Si:.
int of his daughter. Mrs. I
who is the young woman 8 guar
dian refuses to consider the amount ad
va-ncV-.i. H Is alleged, and demands the
continued payment of the Income of the
"trust estate. Upon this showing the ac
counting la demanded.
Patriotic Union Service.
.' • An especially Interesting patriotic Ber
■ vice will be held at the Young Men's
". Christian Association Auditorium, Ma
•-Ban'and Ellis streets, this afternoon at
• 3 o'clock. Chaplain Williams of the
■' Fifty-first lowa Regiment, , Chaplain
. Schliemann of the Twentieth Kansas,
. and- Chaplain Leland of the First Ten
.. nessee- will give brief addresses The
services will be open to the public, and
• all are welcome.
■:•. ADVFBTISEMENTS.
'••■-^-. There has never been a
• : .^ single instance where a man |j j
;• was injured by the genuine 1 j
'.:"■. 5 Keeley Treatment, and §
.^ there are five hundred j£
: ; 2 thousand instances where 5:
g men have been saved from § i
: §■ the gutter by taking the %
'. . • Keeley, §
§ Send for printed matter that tells £ ;
-. •£ ail about it. . S. j
•' ' %' • THE KEELEY INSTITUTES, .
'• .55 1)70 Market Street. San Francisco.^
;•!/!£• " Donohoe Ua tiding. 5
".' ..^S 232 North Main Street, Los Angeles, 2-
" «£: Fred A, Pollock, Manager. g
%W^W¥W/WA«Wi^.WA^VWM»WrI?
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
•I . • i- r» " Full Set of Teeth
' •: V «Jr>^ if I "PA? extracting free $500 up
■■ I ..^Sj&lggrgjy'. .^Sj&Iggrgjy' Gold Crowns 22k J3SOUP
• ■ 4fc~£E£<Jsi££?'& FiIH"K9 - - - 25 els. up
' f '^^flfe^^lP-^ Open Kvenings& Sunday»
• ■fiT^raEK^B van VROOWI
Electro Dental Parlors
■'tfflf I^N/ Sixth and Market
• .". **+* w Or. G W. Klelser, Prop. -
MAY INCITE
A GREAT WAR
Russia's Aggression Is
Deemed Dangerous.
HER DIPLOMACY BUNGLING
A JAPANESE STUDENT MAKES A
FORECAST.
The Czar's Attitude in China May-
Plunge the World Into a
Great and Bloody-
Struggle.
One of the men best Informed concerning
the relationship of Japan with America
and other powers of the globe is Masu
Miyakawa of this city, who is an inter
pret* of English and a contractor of
Japanese labor in America, -with his prin
cipal office of business at 410 Kearny
street. At a gathering of a number of
American students, lawyers and local
statesmen at his apartments last even
ing, the gentleman was called upon for
- line remarks. They were considered im
portant by the company, in view of the
present complications in the Orient.
Among other things he said:
•■1 believe that Japan is the natural
ally of America, not only on account of
ial position, but for other rea
vrhich have come to light since the
unprecedented progress of the empire
since we have let the light of other civil
izations Into our country. It will be the
Great Britain of Asia.
"If Japan should have trouble with
Russia we would certainly stand a show
In a physical contest with the Czar, if
not In a diplomatic war. At the termina
tion of the Ohino-Japanese war Germany
: a bailing part in the diplomatic
the i 'zar 'occupying purely an or
namental place m the stage settings. In
his sell-importance and lack of judg
ment the Czar had planted the most o.f
his. military power in Asiatic Russia, at
great expense to his people, leaving West
ern Kusr-ia weak and comparatively un
protected, while Germany was alive tp the
on, and under the guise of friendly
interposition caused the retrocession of
the Liau-Tong Peninsula, which is a pos
n purchased by the lives and blood
of Japanese. By her alleged good offices
Russia has earned nothing ~ut the dt ep
est enmity of the Japanese, and has given
signal advantages to her neighbor. Ger
many, by evacuating the important
guards of W. stern Russia. Then the
Czar sought to encroach upon the penin
sula of Corea, which he abandoned, how
ever, after the expenditure of much
money, for the evident fear of a formal
protest from Japan.
"To add to the insults heaped upon our
race and nation came the crowning act
when the autocrat of all the Russias was
crowned. Our representatives and those
of some other Governments were treated
with much discourtesy, whicn is remem
"Now it is the evident intention of Rus
sia to lay her hand upon China. Her for
mer deficient diplomacy shows that she
may make such a blundering attempt.
"If she does, then will come such a war
as the world has never known. It will
involve England, Russia. Ormnny and
China and Japan, witn possibly the T nit
ed States and France. 1 tel. you gentle
men there is a menacing outlook and ) a
.situation to try the souls of statesmen.
Mr Miyakawa was an official interpre
ter in the Chino-Japane.se war, and was In
several battles. He speaks several lan
jruaees and has been a dilierent student of
political economy all his life. Hence there
is a value attached to his opinions.
REACHED THE PRESIDENT.
Correspondence in Regard to the Dis
position of the Philippines.
■ The following ls the correspondence be
tween a local attorney an~ the President
of the. United States through his secre
tary. The two letters will tell the com
plete story. They are:
SA.N FRANCISCO, Cal., August 8, 1898.
To the Right Hon. William McKinley, Presi
dent of the United States, Washington, D. C—
Sir- With regard to the Philippine Islands, I
have the honor to suggest that in a measure
the United States follow the precedent set by
Turkey in ceding Cyprus to Great Britain in
I**7S -.■•■ ■ ■'--..- *-:■
"why not take a lease of the islands for a
term fay '•'" 'years* at a rental calculated on
the average r.et income of the islands received
by Spain during the last. seven or ten years,
such income to be applied as follows:
first— Pay the expenses of the administra
tion of the islands and the cost of the army
Second— A°pply an agreed proportion of it to
Second— Apply an asrreed proportion of It to
the reduction of the war indemnity which
Spain will gladly pay the United States to re
tain her (nominally) sovereignty In the rever
sion of the Islands. -This may serve as- the
golden bridge for her honor to traverse.
Between now and 99 years hence much may
happen, and after that experience of .civilised
methods" of government if the Philippines shall
vote to return to Spanish rule it will be a
With 'greatest respect. I have, sir. the honor
to be your sincere find most obedient servant,
WARNER TEMPLE, Counselor-at-Law.
EXECUTIVE MANSION.
WASHINGTON. August 12. 180 S.
Mv Dear Sir— beg leave to acknowledge the
receipt of your letter of the 6th inst.. the con
tent's of which have been noted, and to say
that by the President's direction it has been
brought to the attention of the Secretary of
State. Very truly you™. - a pORTER>
Secretary to the President. |
FOB AN ELECTRIC LINE.
Efforts to Have One Run Through
the Wholesale District.
The Merchants' Association has taken
up the question of an improved streetcar
service for Montgomery street and the
wholesale district between Montgomery
street and the ferries. At the present
time there is no direct connection between
this part of the city and the upper retail
districts except by means of horse cars
which are very unsatisfactory.
It has been suggested that the Sixth
street line be turned into an electric line
and run up Sixth to Market and Taylor;
up Taylor to Post; down Post to Mont
gomery; down Montgomery to Jackson;
along- Jackson to Bansome. and up San
some to Market. This line, with proper
transfers, will accommodate several parts
of the city which at present receive very
inadequate service.
To ascertain whether puch a line would
with the approval of the business
houses along Montgomery street and in
the adjacent wholesale quarter, the Mer
chants' Association has sent a communi
cation to a largrfi number of merchants
•md property owners in that neighbor
hood asking" whether they desire to have
an electric line und whether the route
sup-bested meets with their approval.
To Preserve Smooth Streets.
Some time ago the Supervisors passed
an ordinance which prohibits draymen
and teamsters from driving their teams
with one set of wheels in the car tracks
and the other pet on the pavement, thus
wearing deep ruts in the street*. Desir
ing to secure the co-operation of. the dray
men, teamsters and drivers of various de
livery wagons, in the matter of keeping
the smooth streets in good condition, the
Merchants' Association has sent com
munlcattons to over 100 draymen and
tfumsters in the city and has also ad
dressed a letter to the Draymen and
Teamsters' Union asking it to officially
communicate with its members and to
urge them to interest themselves in the
matter of preserving the thoroughfares.
Will Not Marry Her.
August W. Huwkinaon, buyer for the
Montgomery.: Market, on 1 Market" street,
near Third, was arrested yesterday, after
noon on a -warant charging him with be
trayal under promise of marriage." The
complaining witness is Hilda Gllberson, a
-ill 18- yean of age, living at 204.. Hyde
street. "Hawklnson's bonds were fixed at
$2000. .-. ••.;■-.■ ;'- - _ ] "-■.■ ' '■- , ;,^;
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1308.
THE PAGO PAGO
COALING STATION
Naval Engineer Here to
Supervise.
LIEUT. CHAMBERS SECRETIVE
BIDS TO BE RECEIVED AT WASH
INGTON.
Former Call for Tenders Made in
1892, but the Project Was
Dropped — Revived by the
War With Spain.
It seems pretty definitely settled that
the naval authorities at Washington are
about to take steps to Improve the coal
i ing- station which the United States has
owned at Pago Pago harbor, in Samoa,
for the past twenty years. Bids have
I been called for the construction of a
i wharf and other conveniences for coaling
on the spot, though no deta. - have as
yet reached this coast.
A visible and t: gible evidence of the
President's Intentions is, however, now
staying at the Occidental. F. T. Cham
bers, who ranks as a lieutenant in the
Civil Engineering Department of the
| navy, came over frorr Mare Island a day
br two ago and is engaged upon., some
! mysterious business in connection with
| the contract. His secrecy is to be com
pared only to that of the deep sea. He
confesses, by the way, that he ivad some
thing about Apia before he left Washing
ton, but he declines to admit any knowl
edge of Pago Pago. Lieutenant Ciiam
| bers is a very young man, with a very
big trunk, which blocks up half his tiny
j bedroom at the Occidental, but he has
i had a great deal of practical experience
! in altering and reconstructing the New
j York Navy Yard. He is skilled in the
matter of docks and wharves, and knows
i all about the driving of piles and the
< construction of piers, so that he is Just
! the man to supervise the operations in
Samoa.
"1 do not know anything about the
| bids for this work," he said yesterday.
"Tney will bu caiied for and accepted in
Washington. I presume the specifications
will be placed at the disposal of intend
ing contractors, so that they may have
ample time to prepare their estimates. I
cannot say whether it is the intention of
the naval department to fortify Pago
Pago harbor or not."
John Wightman of the firm ■? Wight
man Bros, knows a good deal more about
1 the matter. "I have had a previous ex
! perience," he remarked. "In December,
1892 bids were called fur the construction
of a wharf at Pago Pago, and 1 presume
i vie work now proposed is to be carried
out on similar lines.
"The specifications caiied for the con
i Ftruction of a lons wharf, running out
; over the reef Into deep water. The piles
j were to 1" J "f Iron, with screw flanges,
! and the decking of wood. Now the
1 trouble was that these Bcrew piles, with
■ flanges three feefln diameter, were quite
unsuitable for sinking through the coral
rock, which has in reality solidified into
limestone. We proposed to get over the
difficulty by blasting out holes for the
piles, and afterward tilling up the sr^ce
with concrete. In all seven tenders were
: pent in Ours was for $123,750, though
: others ranged as high is $140,000. The low
est tender J-!' 1 " 10 . was put in by an irre-
Bponsible party, and represented about
the cost of the material on board ship
"We could have carried out the con
; tract successfully, and, in fact, we had
ADVERTISEMENTS. .}
■ f"* ' ' ' ..".....■ . v .:. ;■;. ■
■ ~7^^T ~je^. How This Disgusting ?
? L^slJl r and Dangerous Dis- 1
° : Wimf ife?" % ease o^ sons ' iUIo 1
! Jr^^^M. it" L System --How the f
l-W^^m^ Deadly fierms De- 7
t ffip i •<££&¥ (i^^k irans. '
I- •"C *** \"'- <^v^TJ^ /^^l^J Iff Its Just as important ■ from a health »L
?sl .jfcjl '*p"M?f~^*C-/s'V' ! l!\ I ' WV standpoint, to cleanse -. the air passages./, p
}ju'j&***¥ x c^ iuhjS£&*.t "■*'■ of the head M it is td take a bath. The • _
B foK[ ' •' ■''jif ' sft P^^^jSt ' catarrhal mucous discharges from the. '^?.
I >T^iC^L l^sf!i]ws/ v membranes of the head are. acrid pollu- :: _
Hi I' 'V* -t^W^S tlons, as dangerous as septic pus from' .T
I 7 \Ti' r' yJ jy Xwf^r ' a neglected wound. These discharges m
m N > \¥# drop down into the bronchial tubes. ' ,
T Established twenty-six years. • the lungs and stomach; destroy. the air »■
m . Incorporated under the laws of Coll- ce n g . cause consumption and. eat out (
I ?ornla for $200,000. the Un|n|f of the Btomach; the food .-„ '
rt' ~~ r ~- ■ ■ not digested, but ferments. ■ % - f
I The time- tried and never-failing treatment of the Knglish and German Expert I
J, Specialists quickly destroys these deadly germs. Their southing balms and healing B
■ oils restore the membranes to a healthy condition,, while a thorough constitutional j
I .. treatment tones up and reinvigorates the whole system. pj
1 I DANGEROUS SYMPTOMS: *
I I Is the nose stopped up? Have you a cough? ' g>
■j Does your nose discharge? Do you take cold easily? ■"
.™• I* the nose sore and tender? Have you pain In side? ' _ |
I Is there a dropping in the throat? Do you raise frothy, material? . - g»
' 13 Is the throat dry In the mornings? Do you cough In the morning? 1
I Do you sleep with the mouth open? Do you spit up little cheesy lumps? '
J, Do you feel you are growing weaker? m
I Do Not Defy Fate-Heed These Warnings and Stop the Disease Before It
B Reaches the Lungs. . " . '* > ' | ;
T $5.00 A MONTH ! !
? NO OTHER CHARGE -- - ALL MEDICINES FREE. £
™ These are the terms of the English and German Expert Specialists, "The Doc- I
I tors That Cure," for treating catarrh. .. , '. ........ . ■
BI The Catarrh specialists of the English and German Expert Specialists nave long |
T been noted for the rapid and permanent cures of Catarrh of the Head, Nose and _
1 Throat. If you have a symptom or the disease In a chronic state you should get *
■ their advice at once. i
■ NO POISONOUS DRUGS. ;; 1
■!■ The English and German Expert Specialists have a large .and well-stocked private .j
*r laboratory. A competent druggist fills all prescriptions for patients of the Institution -J,
I ■ free of charge. No minerals or dangerous drugs are ever dispensed— nothing but the -f.
|i.- extracts of buds, barks, berries, roots, herbs, leaves and flowers being used. ; ,' :. |
X Among the other ailments Cured by the English and German ■ j
I Expert Specialists are the following i '
II " ' Brlght's Disease,' all other ' Diseases of the Kidney: Diseases of the Bladder, r i
I Urinary Organs. Liver, • Spleen, Spine, Bowels, Heart, Stomach, Eyes, Ear, Skin and - '
Am Nerves. Also Impoverished Blood. Blood Poison and Scrofula: Catarrh, Tonsllltls, B
"■ Consumption, Bronchitis, Asthma and other Lung Troubles; .Tumors, Deformities, In- ,;j
I ' Bomnla .Melancholy, Paralysis, Rupture, Dysentery Dyspepsia, • Neuralgia, Rheuma- «
C! tism Stiff and • Swollen Joints; Female Complaints, including Ovarian troubles; ■
I PUpp, Fistula, Obesity. Ring Worm, Goiter; .Tobacco, ■ Opium; Cocaine and ' Liquor J
J. Habit; Headache, .Erysipelas, -Gout, ".Tape Worm, Biliousness, Dropsy, Gall Stone, .- m-,
■ ■ Eczema, Freckles, Blackheads, Cancer, etc., and Chronic Diseases' gem-rally. ;,'•■'■,
I - Th« two surgeons who compose a part of the staff perform all. surgical operations ' I
I "consultation free— home cures. .>v-"B
a CONSULTATION FREE— HOME CURES. ±
' You can learn all about your physical condition by consulting the > English, and I
3 German Expert Specialists. It will cost you absolutely nothing,: no matter whether 0
I you take treatment or ; not. You cannot know too much about your ailment, .and It i •
B is rare indeed that such a combination, of skilled physicians offers to give, ; free of <
W rharce the -benefit '-of ■ their long years of study, research and experience. B
' • HOME CURES— FREE BOOK— Thousands are cured at home. If you cannot'^vlstt '. . I '
i H the city or call on a part of the etaft when they come to your town, write ; for. private m
I book (for men or women), a treatise on your disease, symptom blank • and advice— ™
! Q:,FREE.:. .-.. ' '~\ ' ' < ."-- *"*"\v '■ ' -'.V'".'. • ' i
Englisli anfl German Expert Specialists, i
1 731 MARKET STREET, San Francisco, »
a-.- - : "...■-..-:. ; -.■:./ .::■-.■-..-■ -'"v .....: ■-..-..:-.•.. ■;:-v.:-^:-.m.' > ■-"■<■ ■"■■■-•'■ \-
I Take Elevator. I HOURS— B to 12, l,to- 5, daily! • ton. .' rm-
g Take BieVaiOr. \ evenings. 7to %■. Sundays, 9to 11., \ B
I £■'■'■ •■■»•■ ■■■ ■ ■ >»■#■■ ngj ■
already paid down our deposit of $5000.
Then for some reason which Still remains
unknown, the department dropped the
project altogether, and after a delay of
about a month the deposit was returned.
Mr Wightman does not think that the
construction of such an expensive wharf
is at all necessary, and believes that a
light wooden wharf would answer all
coaling requirements. Thiß could be put
up for a few thousand dollars, and as
there is deep water close in to the reef
vessels could come alongside the dock
with perfect safety. "As to the question
Of fortifying Pago Pago harbor,"
tinued Mr. Wightman, "the idea 1p out
of the question, because the United States
has no more right to erect defenses there
than Phe has at Hongkong or Jamaica.
The Washington treaty of 1878, which has
been frequently quoted of late, merely
gives the United States the right to use
Pago Pago harbor as a naval base and to
erect a coaling station on the shore there
of There is nothing to prevent any other
powers establishing coaling stations at
Pago Pago if they wished to do so. The
assumption that because the United
States has purchased fifteen acres of land
on the shores of the harbor she has there
fore the right to fortify the entrance is
absurd. Any such action would be a di
rect broach of the Berlin treaty of 1889. by
which the Samoan group is placed under
the joint control of England, Germany
and the United States. If this country
wished to fortify Pago Pago harbor she
would have as a preliminary step to an
nex the island of Tutuila, and so acquire
territorial rights. Such a proceeding could
only be managed by diplomatic arrange
ments, and neither Germany nor England
would be likely to give their consent."
/HEIR RELATIONS A TTTSTERY.
An Old Man and Young Girl Aban
don a Tiny Infant.
A case In which there is a little element
of mystery has recently had the attention
of the officers of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to.Children. A few nights
ago a young girl was taken to Christ's
Rescue Mission at 948 Mission street by a
man about 50 years of • age, who claimed
to be her father. That night a child was
born, and a couple of days after the old
man took the girl away and left the baby
at the mission, abandoned. The only name
that Mrs. Prescott of the society named
could get was Maggie Mosier. Since then
the police have been asked to help find
the man and the girl, but so far nothing
has been heard of them. "*.'•• * .
The description of the couple tallies
with- that of two persons, called to the
attention of Mrs. Present* Bix months
ago. A young girl went to work . on •- a
ranch near Pleasanton, and. she. was often
visited' by a man of about 50 years, who
asserted "that he was her father, but the
people on the farm concluded that if such
was the relationship the officers of the
law should be Informed. The girl, upon
being questioned, became frightened and
fled with the old man on the first train
bound for this city. The *"'•'- ,
fleers have been hunting for the two ever
since but only learned of their presence
after they had fled from the Mission;
leaving the baby that was two days 01d.;..
:: — ■ m ■ * ■
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush. Parkin Rts. ; *w!niTiuntf. Russian, hot and
cold tub baths: salt w'-*- direct from ocean.
■ m » -
Thomas R. Johnson Sentenced.
Thomas R. Johnson, Convicted of
grand larceny, was sentenced to ten
years in Fol?om Prison by Judge Bor
den yesterday. Johnson and James
Meadors, a gambler, enticed George Rus
sell, a miner 80 years of age, away from
hi? home in Arizona, and robbed him pi
$600 after reaching this city. Both were
arrested, but Meadors was discharged
in the Police Court. Meadors then en
listed in the Eighth California, and Tues
day last killed his tt-ntmate. Private
fry. Ho is now under arrest in Oak
land awaiting trial for murder.
The ladies of San Francisco will be
pleased to learn that Mrs. Martin, the
manager of the millinery department
of the City of Paris Dry Goods Com
pany, has just returned from Paris,
where she has been successful In se
curing a line of tWe most exquisite
Hats, Plumes and Millinery Ornaments
of the latest designs and fashions.
A visit to that department will cer
tainly be very interesting to all the
ladies.
ADVERTISEMENTS. " \
Drunkenness Cured
It Is Now Within the Reach of
v ; Every Woman to Save
■■•; : the Drunkard.
A TRIAL PACKAGE OF THIS MARVELOUS
. HOME REMEDY MAILED FREE TO
ALL WHO WRITE FOR IT.
Can Be Given in Tea, Coffee or food, Thus Absolutely
»nd Secretly Caring the Patient in a Short ,''••'
Time Without His Knowledge.
There is a cure for Drunkenness that |
has shed a radiance Into thousands of j
hitherto desolate firesides. It. does Its !
work so silently and surely that while the I
devoted wife, sister or daughter looks on,
the drunkard is reclaimed even against
his will and without his knowledge or co-
operation. The discoverer this grand
remedy. Dr. Haines, will send a sample of
the remedy free to all who will write for
it. - Enough of the remedy is mailed free
to show how it is used in tea, coffee or
food, and that it will cure the dreaded
habit quietly and permanently. •
/jtfP^jSSjM^-^^^SS^BjGii^^r
The above is a picture of Mrs. John M.
Hatton of Lebanon, Ohio, who wrote as
follows: ;iisV.;.. "-.<••
I shall never hesitate to recommend
Golden Specific, for I entirely cured- my
husband who had been a hard drinker for
years. From my own experience I honest-
ly believe this wonderful remedy will save
any drunkard; no matter how far down
he may have fallen, I write this letter out
of pure gratitude for the marvelous
change that has come into my life. Faith-
fully yours, Mrs. John M. Hatton, P. O.
Box 101, Lebanon. Ohio.
Hundreds. of others are reported, even
the worst cases where the habit seems to
have blotted out the last remaining spark
of self-respect. ,*• ;7 . ;
Tears and prayers are of no use. Plead-
ing, pledges, loss of social or business
position are unavailing to stem the tide
of absolute "depravity. This famous
remedy, Golden Specific, discovered by Dr.
Haines, has reunited thousands of scat- ;
tered families, it has saved thousands of j
men to social and business prominence
and public respect; has guided many - a
young man Into the right road to fortune;
has saved the father, the brother, the son
and in many cases the wife and daughter, !
too. Such a godsend to the fireside should ;
be known to every one. Dr. Haines is |
not a philanthropist In his own estima-
tion, and yet he is one of the greatest
benefactors to the family we know of.
Upon application to Dr. J. W. Haines/ 431
Glenn Building. «, Cincinnati, 0., he will
mail a free trial package of the remedy
to you, securely sealed in a plain wrapper;
also full directions how to use it, books
and testimonials from hundreds who have
been cured, and everything needed to aid
you in saving those near and dear to you
from a life of degradation and ultimate
poverty and disgrace.
Send for a .free trial' to-day. It will
brighten the rest of your life.
STATEMENT
- — OF. THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
'„.,;, .-»•?&;..; OF THE <.
FIRE ASSOCIATION
INSURANCE COMPANY ,
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st • day of Decem-
ber. A. D. ■ 1897, and for ■ the year ending on
that day, a* made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of tie State of California, pursuant to
the • provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political' Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash • $500,000 00
/assets.
Real • estate ' owned by-company .. $276,500 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages...:.. 2,105,135
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned: by company... ... 2,646,113 12
Amount of loans secured by. pledge ' . : ,i
of. bonds, gtock3 and other market--/. . • •'».
able securities as collateral 188.750 00
Cash in company's office ..'...*..■«•-■'■• 60,71357
Cash la bank 5 .,..",...., i 255.713 20
Interest due. and - accrued .on all ... ..-.
stocks and loans .:... 23,316 68
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 51,105 66
Premiums In due course of collection 623.55S 32
Rents -due and accrued •■. 1,80150
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid and .- ■
for salvage .' 3.296 94
Total assets '. 16.239,334 51
• - LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid — $87,479 91
Losses In process of. adjustment or
in suspense 122.425 94
Losses resisted, including expenses.. , 47,668 42
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
i ning one year or less, $1,911,335 61; -
reinsurance 50. per cent 955,667 80
Gross premiums on lire risks run-
ning more than one year, . $1,961,-
973 43; reinsurance pro rata 1,034,874 15
Amount reclaimable by the, insured
on perpetual fire Insurance policies. 1,960,807 57
All other 'demands against the com-
pany 233,463 56
Total liabilities $4,437,387 35
INCOME.
(Net cash actually received for fire
\ premiums • $3,652,479 65
Received for Interest on bonds and
'■ mortgagee • 125,074 82
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 134,903 96
Received for rents 11,169 00
Total Income $2,923.627 43
V EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding $198. 41. losses of previous •>
years) ..'..... :.•• ■ $1,351,057 41
Dividends to stockholders 200,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission ror
. brokerage < . 580,93173
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 159,739 93
Paid ?or State, national and local
taxes . . - - • 76,53258
All other payments and expenditures 176,921 37
Total expenditures $2,544,183 02
, . . : . Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year.....51.356.9;6 00
~ Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risk?! ' . ■ .
written during the year $296,184,339 $3,317,837 37
Net amount of risks ■ ex-! I■• '
pi red during the year. 2G6,134,135[ 3,225,073 38
Net amount in force De- I
cember 31. 1597-. ........ ! 353,652.352| 2,373.312 04
r " ■'. K. C. IRVIN, President. ~
' ; ' BEN T. HERKNESS, Secretary.
• Subscribed and sworn to before me this 24th
•day of January, IS9S.
V THOMAS B. PROSPER. Notary Public.
T. C. SHANKLAND,
■■■■-•■•i-. . » STATE AGENT. '
• JOHN D. RICHARDS, VNV N
' -,:■}"] MANAGER 8. F. DEP'T.. y
219 SANSOME STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
1 "D TTC II I7 C. FOR barbers, bak-
Df\ U 11 Ei LJ «rs. bootblacks, bath-
MliWMXiuw houses, billiard tables,
.brewers.- bookbinders, candy-, makers, tanners.
dyers, flourm>l!s. foundries, laundries, paper-
! hangers, printers, painters, shoe < factories,
stablemen, tar-roof ere, tanners, tailors, etc. - - ■
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
ADVERTISEMENTS. _____
J : DRY GOODS COMPANY. I
?•■'■ .-, -..- ":•• •^— — —^— $ 4
I CLOAK AND SUIT DEPARTMENT 1
T , vJL U/111. iilij/;; Ou l l 1/1/1 rill 1 1TIJL1 1 1 ®
2 V; ' ■ ■■•■■" "■■ -v. • ? «- : '-- :^- : ; . ■ — — — *
laoa | FALL STYLES i/899
V » » i
I Tailor-Made Suits and Jackets! l
1 GOLF CAPS— The Latest Plaid Effects in a Great Variety of Colors. £
i FUR CAPES! T FUR COLLARETTES! FUR BOAS I £
A i Have Arrived and are Open for Inspection. &
¥' We will endeavor to continue our successful efforts of the v
« past season to carry the most complete assortment of
$ TAILOR-MADE SUITS, JACKETS AND CAPES - - - AT REASONABLE PRICES ! i
i -:-:'.■{.- MILLINERY! : |
A * Mrs. Martin, who has just returned from Paris, has purchased I
I ; for this season some of the most exquisite HATS and MILLINERY' V
T GOODS ever brought to • San Francisco. L »
V Due notice will be given of our opening. i.
T COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
! CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, I
0 ' ". Southeast Corner Geary and Stockton Streets. »
1 •■'/ 'f -■■.;-■•'■-;■ : '•■ : UNION SQUARE. '; '} '■ " ' #
■«■.-■:■■ ' i . • . .
. United States Branch.
-;■',. .; ' . . ...... ........
;■•• . ,i .; ,' •-■ _ Jj*
STATEMENT
OF THE — -
CONDITION AND ; AFFAIRS
I
•■ '. ■■... --- OF THE ;;^ / '^V?' r^ i
BRITISH-AMERICA
,; INSURANCE . COMPANY
".--~?:~i'y~".i ?-'* '*£/l : '.'^"i ;i .i-'^' : ■*'■:'• -- ; ■■■■
OF i TORONTO, CANADA; ON THE 31ST j
day. of December, A. D..1897, and for the
year ending: on that day, as made to the In- j
surance Commissioner- of -the State > of : Call- i
fornia, pursuant to -foe- provisions of sections
610 and fill of the Political Code, . condensed as .
per blank furnished by the Commissioner. .
•;-./■.; * 7 ASSETS. , ! ' /- \'
Cash market value of all stocks and --j^--
bonds owned by company, |995,5Q3 00
Cash in banks .— •• ,41.652 G9
Interest due and ■ accrued, on all . „
stocks and loans ••••:•• •,• •••• • ' * .Si' ins i!
Premiums in due course of collection 204,108 14 ,
Bill* receivable, not matured, taken ,„.,
for fire and marina risks 12.123 91
Total assets...! 268,315 33
•■: .LIABILITIES. ': . ; '
Losses adjusted 'and unpaid ;$13,273; $13,273 66
Losses in. process of adjustment or ' I
in suspense *. .....;...; °J'^: "
( Losses resisted, including expenses.. 10,738 45
| Gross premiums on fire risks run- -.
ning one year or ' less $687,438 00; - .
reinsurance 50' per cent 143,71900
' Gross premiums on . flre risks run- ;.--
ning more than one year. $440,513, 04; ■'■ - —
reinsurance.-.pro rata ••v" :> 23 . 489 . 98
Gross premiums on . marine ana In- ,
land navigation risks: reinsurance .
100 per cent •• 40,214 48
Gross ■ premiums on marine time. •■ .-
risks; reinsurance 50 per cent 1,657 86
All other demands against the com-
pany ■• : 70,138 4-
- Total liabilities $503.522 47
:.-.,■; ' .'• - INCOME. .VvJ'
Net cash actually received for fir* „ „
premiums • ISSA.J7S 37
Net cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums ...v.. ............. 158,631 65
Received for -Interest - and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from ■
all other sources.^...rr... ....'.... ■ 34,j61 41
Total Income .......^...."...U.075,631 43
- EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses ***-** ■"
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 11j.653 01
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage r"\\:" 1&4 ' ° D
Paid for salaries, fees . and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 41,193 66
Paid for State, national and local . ■ • - „
taxeg .29,732 13
All other payments and expenditures 72,330 21
Total expenditures .... ..^ ....... WO.UJM4
X ty^ r^..'°^tl«Mtt 96 1120.320 12
.Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. Premiums.
! Net amount 'pf 'risks ' •"--• U.1M.275 47
written during the' year >i 595, ; 100,144 $1,154,275 47
Net amount of risk* ex- .82,046,685 1.122,149 67
pind durins the year. > . 83.046.655 1,122,149 67
Net amount in force De : ' ■ 11.'12 i ».
cember 31. 1897. ........ 'l] 94.343,145 1.127.95104
! Marine
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount ' of risks
written during the year $24,097, ' $205,59035
Net ameunfof risks ex-
pired during the year.. ' ,24,460,012 196,954 94
Net amount in force De- ' . .. .
cember 31, 1897.......... 2.111.053 41,882 34
J. J. KENNY. Vice-President.
P. H. SIMS. Secretary.
Subscribed and 'sworn to before me this 25th
day of Janiinry. 1898. • - ■-• > ■ '
;■••. . H. D. GAMBLE, Notary Public.
DAVIS & WATSON,
' General Agents,
221- SANSOJVIB STREET;
SAN FRANCISCO. ■
OO6 Od OOO 60 0 00 O 00 0 O
ll r *' PALACE **%[
'GRAND °mhM° \
Z. .BAH PAAifCfSOO. q |
V 'Connected by a ooverud "passajreway. ** j
O 1400 Rooms- 900 With Bath Attached. ° ■
O ' All Under On* Management. O ;
© .. ' MOTK THE PRICES: /, O
Z European Han. 1. 00 per day and upward A■■
V American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward V
A Correspondence Solicited. - Q ;
A .' JTOEN 0. KIBKPATRICS, Midsjii. q ;
QQOOO OO Q O O OOP OOQ
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great. remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.; 1
Invisorator and Nervine.. ■ Sells "on Its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
- NABER. ALFS&BRUNE. Agents.
823 Market street. S. F.— iSend, for Circular.)
HOITT'S SCHOOL
A ' FOR BOYS- LIMITED;. /. : :.
■ . Large corps of • teachers.'. . Superior, home ac-
commodation*. ■ Next •; term » opens August. 9,
11891.1 1891. - ... fj*.-..^ {■* -r**-; Ti" >.'-'-*■* ;X.V V :<*'•■'."-■.?
" " IRA Q. HOITT, Ph. - D., : Principal. ; -
United States Branch. , . :
SX/\TE7V\EINT
/■! . • -—OF THE—" . ' '
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
. " ■:: " ; "^-— OF. THE '- '
WESTERN
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF TORONTO. CANADA. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1897, and for tha
year ending on. that day, as made to the In-
surance '.Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 61 the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner. :.
"-', .-:-.:' : ■ ASSETS. &j~4V* •
.Loans on- bonds and mortgages...^.. $25,000 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,165,528 88
Cash In company's office ■ 123 '.■'•
Cash in banks 241,544 82
Premiums In due course of collection 253,631 43
Bills receivable, not matured, taken ■' "
for fire and marine risks 34,600 07
Total assets ...........$1,720,432 I*
If/V^'i .; LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $29,576 S3
Losses in process of adjustment or
. Jn suspense 138,331 42
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 227 99
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,031,157 01;
reinsurance 50 per cent 615,578 50
Gross • premiums on fire rif-ks run- ; . , [1
ning more than one year, $660,769 56;
reinsurance pro rata"..". ....... :.•'. 344,234 93
Gross premiums on marine and .in- ■
land navigation risks; reinsurance ' *
100 per cent ...'. ....:. 51,490 75
.Gross premiums on marine •-. time
.risks; reinsurance 50 per cent.;..... 9,206 22
Commissions and brokerage due and "
to become due 34,49153
Total liabilities $1,138,223 33
"'..." '... •;•;;' ' INCOME. ; 1"V
Net cash actually received for fire '
premiums . *. .;. $1,457,300 01
Net cash actually received for ma-
' rine premiums 268,125 33
Received' for Interest on bonds and
mortgages ...'..;■. :...; ....:..:. — 1,680 00
Received for interest and dividends •
on bonds, . stocks, - loans and from . ■• *\.,V- ■■■'■■;
all other sources • 43,313 40
Total Income ; ; $1,770,418 74
,":'•:_. V ■ . .' EXPENDITURES. ■ -.. '"
Net amount paid for fire losses $748,737 60
Net amount paid. for marine losses.. 224.166 20
Paid or allowed for commission or . , :
brokerage ; 349,35050
Paid . for • salaries, fees - and other
charges-, for" officers, clerks, etc — 41,50000
Paid for State, national and local
taxes .-........".: .' . 46.302 00
All other payments and expenditures .130, 76 1 45
Total : expenditures ." $1,540.520 75
. .' ". ;., Fire. , .Marine
Losses incurred during. ■ -' *". : ;
the year .. :..... ........$772.440 99 $226,013 20
. Rleks and Premiums. . Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net" amount of risks .■ ... • •-. •"- —."
■written -during the year $142,650,216 $1,693,873 59
Net amount of risks, ex- .. •■••-■ - 1 . .- .
Spired during the year..! 126,721,109 1.710,710 14
Net amount in force 'De-
cember 31. 1597.......... 141,514.736 1.691.926 59
. t Marina
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
' written during the year $48,289,822 $352,307 80
Net amount of risks ox- 49,927,256 356.12S 10
pired during the year.. 49,987.256 386.12S 10
Net amount in force De- ;
cember 31, 1897 ■ 4,728.490 . 70.053 19
• .•> • '•< J. J. KENNY. VI President. .
.v : ■ .-. ".- -C. C. FOSTER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of January, IS9S. „ •
' A. R. CREELMAN, Notary Public.
DAVIS & WATSON
General Agents, V
221 SANSOME STREET,
. -"•>-. San FRANCISCO. ''
j^Ml ■ ■ ■ ■■- ■ ■•■ -- T^^^^ © The peCutiftf
9b tTB (\ - Bjf tfi'^^-'S
THE HOWIE RESWEDY- - : ke p' vi ?" roui
THE HOME REIWEDY
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS if "h.yV
■.vr"ng. ■ Fcr all these pains, irregularities and difficulty no
remedy on earth tnn ft f) l n EasUy applied by lady her-
eaua'i faraous3*l« lU Kill self. lieilevc. all pain
Bin Womb or Ovaries la 10 minute*.
Promptly relievos Headache, Nausea, Blood and
Cladiler troubles, Faiatneu, Nervousness, Fear
and Despondency. Cure* LeucerrfcM, Womtx
Complaints, Displacements, Backache, Hearing
Down Paina and all Vemale Disorders,
R«nl»1ic« Soreness and Ulecr=tion*.#-"<ra\
t:.'iecr« the tpirita ana Vitalize* JvIJJ
tho whole frjne. !"afe, Sure uml Vj77>/'
Absolutely Harmless. - One 60 rint-bex will ■*' 1
complete m cure in ordinary c»nes. "
CTfIDC Li i DAIII *«>'•> HV ATX DRUUOISTS.
0 1 VTO ALL IAIR or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt
IN 10 MINUTES The Pcrfeeto CcCaiton Bldg. ChlCigo
Sold. by Owl Drug Co., S. .F., and Oakland.
?^^y ■", .'■;•' T)DPAMi Is tbe new " discovery
UllLAillA thatlpives you sleep,
"^ i^l^x^t— rcstand J lo * l7 " 6 ' l ™*- BREAMA
cure* bad dreams, dys-
V ■•7^^^ ■' .^Vvfc^iiL p psla horr ' l 'lc
dreams. reams, head "
night lllu- .-/ " chf>
slons, nightmare. ■ <**«7 J^^^^.
Take at right. If not;
cured money refunded. 250
a box. DKEAMA CO. J Bold by ;>^. '.
GBART'B BALDWIS PHARMAOT.
i^i^Dß. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
Five hundred reward for any causa
SRI : EaEal we cannot cure. This secret remedy
. Vl-.V 1 -. : D stops all losses in 24. hours, . care*
Ml>.'J| '''" ISSSa Emissions, • Impotency. - Varlcocele,
ITTi :■: Pifn Gonorrhoea.-. Gleet. Fits, Stricture*. ?
His 'J. iUi Lost' Manhood and all wasting ei-
fc'-;'? WMW tzcts ot self-abuse or excesses. Sent
|W» « '" scaled, $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. S5O 'Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Alsn
for Bale at ■ 1073 V: • Market "St.. . 8. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. .Send for fre« back.
.iiiliiiliiii
1112
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS7 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o clocK.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 ocbet
2526 Mission street; open or.ttl 9 ° C K»n;_ekT
corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets, open unit! '■> o'clock.
CHURCH KOTICKS.
S t. s £> ce n n H<lam v "a^d
i<inrk rn 5 Gutter st., between Kearny ana
"■hri« -J^-l"; evening. "N'™ n|r=
H a LeDrosy." Sunday school for children.
nan. Testimonial meeting Wednesday at
8 p. m. All are welcome. . ■
CHURCH Of the Advent (Episcopal). Eleventh
" near Market-Rev. J. A. Emery, rector.
Mor_lt_f service at 11 o'clock, with sermon by
k.'v. Mr. Eddy r.r Carson City, Nev. Special
musical service in the evening by vested
choir of fifty men and boys. Among the spe-
cial numbers will be Woodward's anthem.
-The Radiant Morn." and the benedict on
hymn sung in the form of £ cross before the
altar. Sermon by the Rev. Dr. Gilbert of Red
Bluff. ■
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post
and Mason streets-Rev. George C. Adams,
D D.. pastor, will preach morning and even-
ing: Morning service. 11 o'clock. Theme,
••Faith or Fanaticism?" Evening service.
7:45 o'clock. Theme, "The Savior Estimate
of What They Say." Sunday school and Bl-
_^:.Tm. a Uiuel PDP D. n Mayer. orga b n.sVan_
choir master. _____
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts -
Rev John Stephens, pastor, residence. 309
Haight st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:40
p m The pastor will preach at both ser-
vice.: Topic at 11 a. m.. "The Sacrifices of
God." and at 7:45 p. m.. "The Brand of a
Slave " Sunday school at 12:30 p. m. C.
J-, rvrklns superintendent. Ep worth League
ng at 6:41 p. m. Prayer meeting.
Wednesday evening at 7:45 o'clock. The pub-
He cordially invited to all the services of
this church. Seats free. Ushers In at-
tendance.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church. Post St.,
near Webster— Services to-day at 11 a. m. and
7-4& p m. Sunday school at 9:30 a. m. Re\\
F B Cherlngton, D.D.. pastor, will preach
morning and evening. Morning "abject:
"Christianity, the World-Conquering Relig-
ion •' Evening subject: "Ideal Manliness.
The public cordially invited.
BETHANY Congregational Church, corner
Twenty-fifth and Bartlett sts.-Rev. J. K.
McLo.m. formerly pastor of the First Church
of Oakland, will preach at 11 a. m. and also
ut the evening service at 7:30 o'clock. Come
and hear him; pews free; all cordially wel-
comed.
FIRST Baptist Church, Eddy St., near Jones—
E. A. Woods, I'.lL, pastor; residence, IW6
Bush st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p.
m. Morning subject: "A Hero's Death.
Evening: A "Peace" service, with addresses
by an army officer and two chaplains. After
me.tlng in the lecture room at 5:45 p. m.
Sunday school 12:30 p. m. Christian Kn-
deavor meetings. 6:30 p. m. Galilee Mission,
Plxley Hall. 9:38 a. m. Bethesda Mission,
Howard st.. S p. m. Midweek services at the
church, Wednesday, 7:40 p. m.
G< iSPEL Hall, MM Sixteenth St., near Valen-
cia i heretofore 532 Howard)— Believers gath-
ered to the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Sunday 11 a. m., breaking of bread: 2:30
P. m., Sunday school; Bible class; 7:30 p. m. f
gospel preaching; Tuesday, 7:40 p. m., Bible
class; Thursday, 7:45 p. m.. prayer meeting;
Beats free; no collections; bring your Bibles.
> CATION Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
Fts— Patriotic union mass meeting this (Sun-
day) afternoon at 3 o'clock; addresses by
Chaplains Williams of the Fifty-first lowa
Regiment. Schliemann of the Twentieth Kan-
pas and Leland of the First Tennessee. Solos
by Madam Alice Waltz. Service open to both
men and women, and the public invited.
"WELSH Presbyterian Church, Cambrian Hall,
in St.— This evening- at 7:30 o'clock
Professor R. R. Lluyd of the Pacific The-
olos»oal Seminary will preach In English.
Welsh music will be rendered during the
service. All are cordially invited to attend.
THE First Divine Science Church— M. E.
Cramer, pastor. Discourse at 11 a. m. Sub-
ject "I Will Restore Thy Health, Saith the
Lord." Services every Sunday at Yosemlte
Hall, Native Sons' building, Mason st., be-
tween Geary and Post. ; take elevator.
•visd am rwn tpjo
DIVINE services will be held by Rev. M. M.
Goldin on "The Coming of New Year's Day
and the Day of Atonement," at Mo wry'
Opera Hall, cor. Grove and Laguna sts., as
during the past years, with the greatest satis-
faction. Tickets to be had from Rev. M. M.
Goldin, 656 Hayes st., on the following Sun-
days: August 2S, September 4 and Septem-
ber 11. hours 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m., and all
day Friday, September 16, at the above hall.
Tickets, $1 and Jl 50.
DIVINE services
PH % ' I 1 riH Odd Fellows' Hall
I I»J LI II) Iby the Rev. Jos.
■Willner. on "Coming New Year and Day of
Atonement." Tickets for sale at the hall to-
day. Tickets, $1 upward.
UNIVERSAL. Brotherhood— Lodge No. 7.
(Theosophical Society In America.)
(International Brotherhood League.)
819 Market St.; lecture to-night, "This Planet.
Its Origin, Object and End," Dr. Allen Grif-
fiths; Tuesday night, "Life"; Saturday night,
"Why Men Are Brothers."
THEOSOPHICAL Society — Public lectures
every Sunday evening at 8 o'clock in Me-
morial Hall, Odd Fellows' building. To-night,
"Spiritualism In Its Relation to Theosophy,"
by M:s.» Marie A. Walsh. Good music. Seats
free. Special lecture on Wednesday evening
at 8 o'clock.
StNDAY MEETINGS.
LECTURE by' Mrs. Chandle, demonstrating
from audience palmistry, phrenology and
physiognomy, at Shasta Hall, Native Sons'
building. Mason st., between Geary and Post,
Sunday, Bp. m. ; admission 10c.
ATTEND Mrs. Eberhardt's grand test meeting
in Excelsior Hall, on Mission St., bet. Nine-
teenth and Twentieth, at 8 p. m., assisted by
Mrs C. T. Martin of 215 Shotwell St.; ad-
mission, 10c.
MME. FLORENCE MONTAGUE holds meeting
next Wednesday evening, 8 o'clock, at Occi-
dental Hall, 305 Larkin St., San Francisco.
No further notice.
OAKLAND Psychical Society meets at Fra-
ternal Hall. Washington St., 8 p. m. Madame
Florence Montague will lecture and answer
questions.
AT Dr. Rines' Spiritual Society, 909 Market St.;
11. free: 2-8, 10c: Mrs. Barkeley, Vlgers, Seely;
605 McAllister St., Wednesday, 8 p. m.; benefit
society. SiSB
TEST meetings, 2 p. m., 8 p. m.: 10c. 335 Mc-
Allister St.; Stitt, NUa, Mrs. Bird, Hargrave,
others.
LEANDER, the king of mediums; test circle
to-night; every one gets a test. £08 Eddy st.
C. MAYO-STEERS, 112)$ Oak St.; circles Tues-
day, 8 p. m.; Thursday, 2 p. m.; readings, $1.
TEST meeting to-night; Mmes. Robinson,
Drew, Griffin, Lester. 6th and Market; free.
KATIE HEUSSMANN: sittings daily: $1; clr-
cles every Friday evening, 25c. 641 Jessie st.
MRS. WEST, test medium, clairvoyant, mag-
netist, removed to 1017 Franklin St., Oakland.
MRS. EGGERT AITKEN has moved to 120
McAllister st., flat No. 1; sittings dally.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
10c; 605 McAllister st.; sittings to-day.
C. V. MILLER'S ethereallzing materializing
seance. 8 p. m., EOc. 4f»9 Leaven worth st.
MEETING NOTICES.
FUNERAL notice — California Com- ._-*.
mandery. No. 1, K. T. — Officers and "fijj"
members are herby notified to as- jFij
6emble In the asylum THIS DAY ml
■ (SUNDAY) at 1 p. m.. for the purpose . V
of attending the funeral of our deceased fra-
ter, SIR SAMUEL WARBURTON. By order
' of
SIR JOHN P. FRASER. Em. Commander.
• SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, . Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. m
M.— The officers and members of the_J^_
above named lodge arc hereby not '-l&2?
fled to attend the funeral of our late/^r^
brother, SAMUEL WARBURTON, in King
Solomon* Hall, Masonic Temple, THIS
DAY (SUNDAY). August 21. at 2 o'clock
p. m. Master Masons . and . friends of ' the
deceased are Invited. By order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the Ladles' Seaman's
Friend Society will be held In the parlors of
the Sailors' Home on WEDNESDAY, August
24, at 3 p. m. . - <
-MRS. W. H. BARNES, Cor. Secretary.
THE annual ting of the stockholders of
Pacific Undertakers will take place at the
• office of the company, 777 Mission street. San
Francisco,- Cal.. TUESDAY, August 23, 189S,
at 8 o'clock p. m., for the election of direc-
tors for the ensuing term and the transaction
of such other business as may come before
It. Transfer books will close Friday, August
19 IE9B, at 4 p. m. By order of the board
of. directors. * M. C. GORHAM. Secy.
~~ DIVIDEND NOTICES. .
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. '84 | (50 cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the company,
827 Market St., on' and. after Thursday, Sep-
tember 1, 1898. Transfer books will close on
Friday, August 26, 1898. at 3 o'clock p. m.
£. H. . SHELDON, ; Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery Ft., room 6; tel. 5580.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
CAPABLE woman wants- work by the day
washing:, Ironing, houppcleaning, at $1 per day
and car tare; tine American cook. Address
MRS. R.. box 57. Call office.^
WANTED— Position as housekeeper by respect-
able middle-aged lady; good cook and house-
keeper; will cook for party on ranch. Address
777 Market st.
WANTED— By respectable middle-aged Ameri-
can widow, situation In small family or^ aa
housekeeper; good plain cook; can speak Ger-
man; city or country; good city references:
no postals. 127 Turk et.
GERMAN woman with the best of references
wishes housework in small family. Apply
1f.12 Nan Ness aye.
SWEDISH girl would like cooking In boarding
boose or laundry work In institution. Ad-
rlreps tffl Montgomery ave<
GERMAN lady would like a position as nur-
sery governess. 1251 Mason St., inside bell.
NSAT Industrious young lady experienced
stenographer, typewriter, assistant bookkeep-
er, rif-sires situation; salary J6 per week;
references. H.. box 118, Call office.
INFANT'S nurse, entire charge; experience in
bottle feeding; good city reference.
Van Ness aye.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady wants position
at light housework and plain cooking. Ad-
dress MRS. PIERENZE, 503 Sixth -t.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation as
housekeeper; city or country. Box 217, Call.
COLORED woman wants any kind of day's
work. 162 Clementina st.. off Third.
PROTESTANT and American cook, general
housework and cooking; city or country- Box
216. Call office.^
G<>< >O seamstress and chambermaid would like
a situation. Box 116, Call office^
NEAT, willing girl of 15 wishes care of chil-
dren and light housework: wages $10 to $12.
Address E. X., 429 Castro st.
DRESSMAKER, reliable and stylish, wishes
engagements at $1 50 per day; tailor-made a
specialty. 616 Ellis st.
TOUNO woman, active, intelligent, business-
like, wants position to do office work; good
at figures ; good writer: will do cashier work,
collect, errands anything. Box 46, Call office.
FRENCH milliner wishes situation in millinery
store: city or country. Box 223. Call office.
EASTERN girl wishes general housework In
small American family; Is a good cook;
wages $20 to $25. Please address box 44. Call.
TWO women want washing or house-cleaning,
or any kind of day work. Call 127 Turk st.
GERMAN woman wants washing or house-
cleaning by the day. 280 Natoma st.
(";i:HMTN~gTrTand boy. aged 16 to 18. willing
to learn fur trade. Inquire at 533 Geary st.
POSITION as nurpe. or doctor's assistant, by
competent and experienced Eastern lady, or
can fill position of teacher, governess or
housekeeper: best references. Address 1.,
box 11. Call office. Oakland. j
TWO refined ladles recently from the East,
capable of taking full charge of house, or
w..uld act as companion, assistant, would
like to take charge of invalid or child; city
or country: no objection to travel; good ref-
erences. Address M. S., box 11. Call office.
Oakland^
GIRL speaking French wishes position for up- |
stairs work and sewing. Oakland preferred;
city references. Address A. C, box 2, Call
office. Oakland :
WANTEI '— Situation by thoroughly experi-
enced Invalid or child's nurse and seamstress:
can take complete charge: formerly sick
nurse- references; wages $25 a month. Call orj
address all week, 662 Fifteenth st., Oakland: 1
city or country.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day;
small washing or house cleaning. 602 Stev-
enson st.. near Sixth and Market.
WOMAN wants work of any kind by the day. i
35S Linden aye. I
WORKING housekeeper In a small family; or
would do work In family. 933 Natoma St.,
near Eleventh.
SWEDISH woman wishes work by the day; i
good washer, lroner. Call at 7 California.
TOUNG woman wishes a situation for second
work and waiting or sewing; good references. ;
Call between 10 a. m. and 3 p. m. at 045 Na- j
toma st.. between Sixth and Seventh. ■
FIRST-CLASS Swedish girl wishes place to do !
second work or housework; wages $25. 1215 Vi j
Mission Et.
YOUNG German woman with a child wants a
position as housekeeper or to cook on a
ranch. 556 Mission st.
YOUNG lady with experience and good refer-
ences wishes to take charge of rooming
house; salary moderate. Landlady. 23 Btm km.
AN educated, refined Catholic young lady
wishes to be nurse to children not younger
than 4; best references. Address 400 Sutter. |
REFINED and educated lady wishes position
as companion to invalid lady or child. HAT-
TIE M. COOKE, 1335 Jackson st.
RELIABLE woman wishes Washing. Ironing or
housecleanlng by the day. 400 Golden Gate
aye., downstairs.
COMPETENT dressmaker makes children's
dresses: fitted at their homes. Address 387
Hayes st.
LADY of experience and ability would like a
position as managing housekeeper In hotel
or lodging house: city or country. Address
box 711, Call Office.
TRUSTWORTHY elderly lady. Protestant,
wishes light place In nice family. Address 23
Ferric st., off Point Lobos aye.; upper flat.
WOMAN wants housework In the country; Is
a good cook. 1 Essex place.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch offlc* of The Call, i
Subscriptions and ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLET & CO.. 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
SITUATION wanted; druggist; registered 4
States; best references. Box 43, Call office.
HOSPITAL trained nurse, male, would like In-
valid domestically or otherwise care for sick;
g<x>d references. 788 Folsom st. ; telephone
Main 5626.
COACHMAN or stableman (Swede) wants elt- [
uatlon in private family; understands the |
care of horses, carriages, some gardening, !
etc. ; good references. Box 218, Call office.
MARRIED man, ' paper-hanger, with tools,
painter, etc., wants situation at once. AN-
TON, 237 Shipley st., between Fifth and Sixth.
YOUNG man, good cook, wants position In
small restaurant. Box 230, Call office^
AN experienced gents' furnishing salesman,
one that can sell poods, desires a position;
moderate salary to start on. Box 228, Call.
AN up-to-date printer, capable of holding any
position in news or Job office, desires situa-
tion; wife also a compositor. Address box
63, Call office.
ENGINEER, mechanical, mining, railroad and
mill experience, desires permanent situation
at reasonable wages; married, sober, indus-
trious and energetic; references. Box 63, Call.
GERMAN speaking young man wishes situa-
tion at any kind of work; willing and oblig-
ing. Addre"ss box 225, Call office.
PRACTICAL bookkeeper, aged 28, single, fa-
miliar with general office work, speaking and
writing Spanish (having acquired the same
in Spanish South America), desires position:
firßt-class references. Address SEATON, 605
Green st.
MAN and wife, German, would like to have
positions In private family; wife good cook,
man handy around house or milk ranch; ex-
perienced. S. F., box 65, Call office.
WANTED, by experienced bookkeeper, small
sets to keep, or will do expert work for large
firms or corporations. In city or country; re-
liable, accurate; best of references. Address
box 70, Call office.
WANTS employment; a young man. aged 18
years, lives with his parents, has the best of
reference, would like to learn some re-
spectable business; Is not afraid of work;
wages no object. Please address J. L. M.,
box 67. Call office.
WILLING young man, able to keep books,
wishes a Btart In a business house; employ-
er's terms accepted: best of references. Ad-
dress C, box 7, Call office, Oakland.
ENGINEER wants steady position; 16 years'
experience: can run compound or condensing;
practical machinist; also understands the
care of nearly all wood working machinery-
Address H. A., box 6005. Calljafflee^^
GARDENER of long experience wants situa-
tion; thoroughly understands rose house,
green house flower garden, budding, grafting,
propagating fruit and vegetable growing;
be« of reference. Box 195, Call office.
Catholics— Will some charitable Catholic
give me employment of any kind? Am flrst-
class butler; two years in last place; not
afraid of work. Box 240, Call office^
SOBER Frenchman 56 years old; flrst-class ref-
erences; as gardener, or Indoor work: would
like steady place In good family. A.
VITTU, 640 Washington st.
MIDDLE-AGED man, sober and industrious,
good coachman or gardener, wants position In
private family; good references. Address L.
8., 763 Mission ot.
SITUATION wanted by respectable young man
as watchman, porter, stableman, milk, or any
position of trust; references. Address A. I>.,
£12 Kearny ft.
THE SAIST FRAISTCISCO CAEI,, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1898.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.^
WANTED— By man and wife, a situation in a
camp: -wife is a good cook and . man is
handy with tools; is a first-class fireman and
is handy, around an engine, and ■is - willing
to make himself generally useful. Address
J. C, box 8. Call office. Oakland.
FINE cake baker and ornamenter. elderly man,
wants a situation; wages reasonable. ' ,. Please
inquire or address Cake Baker, 1616 Stockton.
POSITION wanted as driver; take care of
. horses or tend garden; < years In. one place;
references If required- Box 241. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS German gardener,, good propa-
gator; can milk, run a gasoline engine and
take care of horses. Address box 225, Call.
FIRST-CLASS machinist, toolmaker, elec-
trician, wants position as engineer, : etc. Box
233, Call office.
WILLING young man. able to keep books,
wishes a start In a business house; employ-
er's terms accepted; best of references. Ad-
' dress C. box 7. Call office. Oakland.
TOUNG man, 22 years old, wishes position as
assistant engineer; understands surveying;
good mechanic: Moderate salary and perma-
nent place. Box 246, Call office. __^
GENERAL dry goods salesman, speaking
French, Italian and English, desires situa-
tion; first rate references. Box 9999. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants employment about
private place; single; reliable; references.
Address box 248, .Call office. ".
BRIGHT German boy of good parentage wishes
to learn drug business. Please address Z.,
box 48, Call office. ■ ■
YOUNG man with good references desires po-
sition In private place as gardener and man
about place. Address E. C box 9, Call of-
floe, Oakland. ■
POSITION wanted In furniture or second-hand;
first-class hand in stove repairing, woodwork
or upholstering. 1610 Howard st.
WANTED— Position as engineer with some
mine or factory _7 a young man of steady
habits; can sharpen tools If necessary, or fill
any place about mine or mill; can give best
of references. PERRY SHERMAN, El Do-
rado, El Dorado, Co., Cal.
RELIABLE man wants situation as valet.
servant, private secretary or tutor; aged o0
years; speaks French. German, Italian and
English; fair education: good nurse. Address
229 Fourth st. JOSEPH P. GRISON.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS' 15 Grant aye.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 20c to $150 night; $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry- __.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
CHAMBERMAID, country hotel, $15; woman
with a child as housekeeper, small ranch,
$15 see party here; I tress, hotel near city,
$20. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HAIRDRESSER wanted • in millinery ■ store.
Call 1907 Fillmore st.
AGENTS wanted to handle the magic hand
loom; good profits. Greater West Adv. and
Novelty Co., 1156V4 Washington st., Oakland.
RESPECTABLE girl for housework; wages $12;
references. 2322 Devlsadero st.
WANTED— Respectable young girl, living at
home, to learn a specialty. Apply E. E. Mc-
LEAN. physician for the hair, room 213
Clauj Spreckels bldg., 9 to 10 a. m. Monday.
GIRL for general housework. ' 417 Fair Oaks
St.. near Twenty-fifth.
EXPERIENCED hands on wrappers to take
work home. STEINER. 416V4 Ellis st.
EXPERIENCED operators on wrappers and
ladies' goods. NEWBAUER BROS.. 18 First.
EXPERIENCED girl to work in delicacy store.
Call bet. 9 and 11 a, m., 147 Taylor st.
WANTED— and girls to work on fruit.
376 San Jose aye.
FIRST-CLASS saleslady for cloak and suit
house. Box 69, Call. ■
THE McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School is the only successful school of Its
kind on the coast: we teach the cutting, mak-
ing, trimming and fitting of stylish hats and
dresses; all are invited to visit our school;
■ patterns cut to order 25c up; pupils work for
themselves; positions free. 113 Post St.
LEARN ladies' tailoring at Storey's Ladies'
Tailoring College, 1309 Broadway, Oakland:
lessons unlimited; on weekly pa;ments; good
positions free. ■
WANTED — attractive young lady to
asslFt managing roadhouse near city; piano
player preferred ; steady, beneficial home.
Be* proprietor 857 Market St., room 43.
WOMEN' and girls: steady work on fruit and
canning. Callfornlan Canneries Co., Ltd..
Brainnan St., bet. Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit. Apply
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.. Tenth
and Bryant sts.
WANTED— on flannel overshlrts: a
few Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36& Fremont st.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free: patterns 25c up.- McDowell's. ■ 103 Post.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
. . Csfll. Sent 'to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
paid. -
HELP WANTED— MALE.
TO-DAY SUNDAY AFTER 10 A. M.,
MURRAY & READY. .MURRAY & READY,
Leading' Employment and Labor Agents,
■ want — 600 men ■ for . Arizona
67/woodchoppers, tools furnished, $2 50 to $1
cord; 20 men to hoe beans, etc., anybody, $20
and found; 3 butter-makers and milkers, $30
and $25 and found
Sultana dipper ..........Peach tree budder
Man for drying yards of orchard and vine-
yard: 2 boys to learn city trades $3 week.
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
BAKER, pastry, country, $40 and found. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay at.
GERMAN . grocery boy, city, $10 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
TAILOR .....For country place Shoemaker.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
IRON M OLDER, country. MURRAY _
READY, 634-636 Clay St.-
6 STONEMASONS, rough work, country; 3
stonemasons' helpers. MURRAY . & READY,
634-636 Clay St. • .
AGAIN.. COOKS .. TO-DAY
We want 5 hotel cooks, $56, $36 and $25 and
found; we want 2 camp cooks, $40 and $35 and
found- we want 3 short-order cooks, $35 and
found; 9- dishwashers, $25, $20 and $15 and
° un ?. .'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. '.'.'.MURRAY" "read '•' •"
...................1..634-636 Clay St.
15 FRUITPICKERS, $23 and found; faro $1.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
FREE FARE
25 muckers for a tunnel, railroad work, good
wages; 19 pickers for a tunnel, railroad work,
good wages; 64 2-horse teamsters, railroad
work, good wages; 86 sltp-scraper teamsters,
railroad work, good wages; 15 4-horse team-
■ eters, railroad work, good wages: 26 Fresno
scraper teamsters, railroad work, good wages;
55 common laborers, railroad work, good
free FARE .V.V.V.V.V.V.V.V.V.'. FREE " _____
MURRAY _ READY, 634-636 Clay St.
2 FARMERS and wives. MURRAY _ READY,
634-636 Clay st. - ■ - ■''■*-
YOUNG bakery boy to scale off dough, $25 and
found; 10c fare. MURRAY & READY, 634-
636 Clay st.
$2 50 DAY...... TO THE M1NE5...... $2 50 DAY
A special S. P. passenger carload of 60 men,
common laborers (no experience • required) ;
cheap railroad rates, small ' ' office fee and
wages from $2 60 day. . MURRAY. & READY,
634-636 Clay st. . ■ .:-- -
186.. MEN AND BOYS.. WOMEN AND GIRLS,
Families and parties, anybody and everybody,
come and go hop picking; fare $1; office fee
■ 60c- owner of ranch at our office; see him ana
have a 6 -weeks' outing; $1 per 100 pounds;
1 heavy crop; you can make big money. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
TO-DAY...... SUNDAY .;... .AFTER 10 A. M.
IS laborers for a sawmill $26 and found
3 choremen, city j0b5... .:.....:. $15 and found
15 laborers and teamsters, city Jobs, $1 75 and
$1 60 day; 64 tiemakers.: 8c to lie each
Man to work In wine cellar $20 and found
$3 day each .....Hay ba1er*... ....53 day each
9 farm and orchard - hands. $26 and $20 : and
found: 2 choremen for ranches..s2o and found
..............MURRAY & RE^DY,
1 ":'!'!;... ................. .....T... 634-636 Clay st.
LABORERS— 2S more men wanted for general
labor ■on concrete foundation*: Port I Towns-
end, Wash.; $1 75 per day with 25c additional
under ; certain conditions, and return fare ito
San ■ Francisco; must . pay fare going ; steam-
er Queen, August 24. Apply to Pacific Bridge
Co.. 4 California St., room 8. - , .' .■:
BARKEEPER, German, must be single; state
last place worked In and inclose written tes-
timonials; none considered without. ..- Box 215,
Call office. ' . ■
BOY wanted. ' Red Seal Printing and Publish-
, ing Company, 506 Market st.
WANTED— A competent '■ ladies' tailor : who
can cut, .design, fit ; and finish ladies' tailor
gowns ?in-i the' most skillful workmanship
only need apply .. state previous employment.
Address box 237, Call :of flee. ,: .; ~.
APPRENTICE ; over >20 ; in ' mining ■:■. and elec-
trical engineering; no salary first year. r ' Box
J26,- Call 'office, > •. • ■. -. ■ ■
HELP WANTED- Continued.
SECOND cook, hotel, north, $50; second cook,
country restaurant, $50; cook, country hotel,
fare advanced, $50; cook, country boarding-
house, $40; short order cook, $10 a week: sec-
ond cook and baker, fare paid, $35; Swedish
baker, $8 a week; baker, hotel, $35; third-
hand baker, $30; waiter, country- hotel $30.
country restaurant $30. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
10 4-HORSE~~team~sters free fare
20 2-horse teamsters^ — free fare
8- horse plow teamster '>" cc fare
for new railroad in California.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
SEVEN laborers. $1 a day and board: 10 labor-
ers for a mine. $1 60 to $2 50 a day, steady
work, reduced fare. C. R. HANPEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
1000 LABORERS and rockrr.en for Alaska and
British Columbia railroads. Particulars a.t
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 104 Geary St.
WANTED— SO men and strong boys to pick
grapes and work In wine cellars for large and
reliable company at $21 pfr month and hoard,
good long job and fare paid one way: furnace
man for mine. $60: 2 Portuguese milkers. $30;
stableman on ranch, near city. $25: driver for
milk route in city, references required. $30
and found: cooks waiters, dishwashers, farm-
ers, milkers and others; 10 men and boys to
gather prunes, good pay. W. D. EW EX &
CO., 626 Clay st. __.
WANTED— Grape pickers 50
TO-DAY (SUNDAY)
60 men to pick grapes and wurk in winery for
large company; long job; $21 per month and
board; fare paid one way: we ship Monday
afternoon; office open to-day (Sunday), 9 to
12. V_ D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay St.
WANTED— Men In every town to sell the three
best money maklni? articles out: samples free
to those that mean business. MURPHY
BROS.. Stamford. Conn.
J. J. HEINZ, 630 Market St., official em-
ployment sec. of Barbers' Protective Union.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
_BR<:>6.. 24 Sutter st.
WANTED— An energetic man or lady In this
and adjoining counties to travel for manu-
facturing house and appoint agents; also
one for local work; salary $75 per month and
expenses. Address with references and pre-
vious occupation, Century, 3543 Market St.,
Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED— A bright young man as salesman;
one who understands crockery and kitchen
ware. Apply to-day (Sunday) to Welnstock.
Lubln & Co., Market and Taylor sts., from 10
a. m. to 6 p. m.; Taylor and Market sts.,
Taylor st. entrance.
25 HOP pickers: good chance; see party Bo-
nanza House, 869 Market St., this eve. after 7.
COAT makers wanted for country. Apply at
7 Montgomery Bt.
WANTED— A first-class dress goods salesman.
Apply to-day (Sunday) from 10 a. m. to 5 p.
m.. at WEINSTOCK. LUBIN & CO.'S. cor.
Market and Taylor sts., Taylor-st. entrance.
SOLICITORS wanted. Apply at 404 McAllister
street.
COOK wanted at 625 Davis st. Call bet. 9 and
10 a. m. Sunday.
SALESMAN wanted for useful article; can
make from $3 to $4 per day. Call or address
120 Sixth St., room 2.
RETAIL salesman with experience in grocery
or crockery business: give experience and
wages wanted. Box 222, Call office.
YOUNG man to take position In cloak depart-
ment; state age, experience, references, sal-
ary. Box 68, Call office.
2 CLOTHING salesmen wanted In San Fran-
cisco and one in each county In every State
to take orders for our $5 to »10 made-to-meas-
ure suits and overcoats; live men without ex-
perience can make $160 per month; If you can
furnish satisfactory reference we will furnish
a complete sample line and outfit and utart
you at work at once. For particulars address
AMERICAN WOOLEN MILLS CO.. Enter-
prise building, Chicago.
PRESSER wanted on ladles' cloaks. Apply at
once to L. HOROVITZ, 751 Marketjst :
WANTED— Young man of good address. 342
Post at.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
30 years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their intention to become such; must \<c of
good character ami habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in height. For further
information apply at the recruiting office, 20
Kllie Bt., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— At 14 Hayes St.. a live solicitor to
take orders for funeral pieces; liberal com-
mission.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; eaay
terms. 1542 Market st
W T ANTED— Laborers and_ mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 2ftc per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— Salesman for furniture department:
one that keeps stock: also wrap and pack
furniture. Apply at 523 Market St., room 7,
from 2 to *3 p. m.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jess). 1164.
BARBERS' Ase'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec , 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
ABLE and ordinary seamen at HAN.SKN'S, 17
Vallejo st.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling. 35c; only one price. 953 Howard St.
TO tailors— Coatmakers wanted. Apply at
11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance.
■MARLES LYONS. 721 Market St.
WANTED— At Montana House, 761V4 Mission
St., men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night: 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
Jewelry at U.NTLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
MEN to learn barber trade In S w*>eks. San
Francisco Barber College, 13SH Eighth st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter st.
SINGLE rooms, mc and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St., near
Market; 200 ronmH, 25c night; reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the terry.
339 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and mis taken.
AGENTS WASTED.
KINO of Fire Killers— State rights and local
agencies for King of Fire Killers, the abso-
lute, infallible fire extinguisher, can be ob-
tained: no liquids, but a dry compound; best
and cheapest yet Invented; a necessity for
every home, office, factory and all buildings;
an elegant chance for men or women with
small capital. For terms apply to CRES-
CENT CHEMICAL CO., 72 Beekman at., N.
_T. city.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PREPOSSESSING lady with $500 wanted aa
partner In first-class variety act. Address
box 214. Cnll office.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CASH for fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer-
chandise; sold on commission; reasonable. E.
COHN. auctioneer, 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
H. BAUM buys furniture and general mer-
chandlsq. lffi" Market st. : tel. Jf-ssle 32.
ROOMS WANTED.
BY September 1, 2 or 3 comfortably furnished
rooms for 3 adults within 6 blocks of Third
and Market sts. ; rent not to exceed $20. Box
66, Call office.
WANTED— Exchange art works, pictures or
lessons In drawing for light housekeeping
rooms. Address A., box 715, Call office.
PROFICIENT musician, excellent pianist; ln-
structlon for meals or room. Box 243, Call.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
ROOM and board Jn private family by young
lady In exchange for vocal lessons. Address
box 224, Call office.
LADY wishes room and board; city or Oak-
land; references. Box 115, Call office.
LADY will teach piano for room; Mission pre-
ferred. Box fB, Call office.
LADY vants board and lodging In home of
gentle people in San Franciaco. D. E., box
9. Call office. Oakland.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Cheap for cash gasoline launch 22
to 28 feet long; Oriental or Union engine pre-
ferred; must be In first-class condition. Write
full particulars to G., box 7, Call, Oakland.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern app».-
ratus, second-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
BICYCLES.
r^WILL~seIT"I6 new 1897 high-grade bicycles
(sold In 1897 for $100) at $29; biggest bargain
of the year; first come, first served. JOSEPH
HOLLE, and Folsom sts.
BICYCLES sold, repaired and built to order.
J. HOLLE, Twentieth and Folsom sts.
A'HYSICIANS.
DX. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence.
1208 Market; diseases ot women * specialty.
PERSONALS. ____„,
ATTRACTIVE. untneumbered young widow,
handsome and" of sweet' disposition, real es-
tate and $75,000, looks for happiness througn
congenial, kind husband. Alone, ; 130 >ast
Sixty-fifth at.. New York. ; - "- '..
MME. DELIA FAUST has removed to her new
store: halrdresslng, 25c; bleaching and aye-
ing; artistic hair work, scalp treatment ana
everything pertaining to a first-class nair
business. 240 Stockton St.. near Post.
MATRIMONIAL Magnet, monthly, price 10c,
sealed;- wealthy membership; largest in
United States. MRS. DORA J. MLRRITT,
135 East Sixty-fifth st.. New York.
YOU will never go elsewhere if -I. dress your
hair once for 25c; hair restored to natural
color. $1 50 up: good switches. $1; finest. ♦*»"•
extra. $5: open Sunday. 9 to 12. O. LED-
ERER, 111 Stockton at. _ ' -* .
USE Lederer's Quinonia; causes a healthy
growth. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, In hank or chain, •at one«
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
MARRY: Nat. Matrimonial Club; private list,
"many worth $30,000. Box 1551. Denver, Colo.
WILL any old miners of the early '50's who
knew Morris Ingram or John Hanks from
years '52 to '56, write to Mrs. Florence
Hover. Paducah, Ky.. or answer through
paper ? ' ' -
JOSEPH GREVEN, vocal teacher. 1236 Market
et. , furnishes at short notice soloists for
opera, oratorio concert and church; arranges
and leads opera performances In English,
Italian. German and French.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third st., near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $150 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week,
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices.
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
NEW method of treating diseases by elec-
tricity; lessons given. 1515 A Howard , at, -
ELECTRIC sealskin jackets to order, $50.
MARX'S Fur Store. 957 Market st. .
HOME in confinement; 'diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. _L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market at., bet. ■ 7th and Btn.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing. __^___^
MATRIMONY.
CALL or send 12c for August marriage paper.
Address "Wedding Bell," 111 Ellis St., S. V.^
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO . Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market St.
MME GOLDSTEIN— Elegant, stylish dresses $5
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy St., rm. 14-l.>.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to. lnvesti-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
- payments, and some good pianos for }3 $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealer*, corner Kearny and Sutler
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. '
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER : CHASE S,
26 2S and 30 OFarrell st. Pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. ' __ ■
A GOOD square piano for practice, $25; a fine
Emerson. $50; an elegant Steinway piano. $1-0;
a carload of new Hardman pianos Just ar-
rived; elegant instruments; prices reasonable.
THE J. DEWING CO.. 2d floor Flood bldg.
MARSHALL & WENDELL. $75; C. Hall.
$100; Bradbury, $130; Neuman, $145; Sterling,
$185- Estey, $190: guaranteed; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON, Checkering agents,
16 O'FarreM st.
FOR sale for cash, as I leave San Francisco,
grand upright piano for one-third .Its value;
standard make; used three months: 5 years
guarantee from manufacturer. 226 Eighth st.
FOR the next 30 days pianos will be sold for
cash at almost cost price by THE ZEN O
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market at.; they
are making room for fresh stock.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
lingua and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308. 310. 312 Post at.
STEINWAY upright, almost new; bargain for
cash. 834 Turk st.
A— s6o; UPRIGHT; $5 Installments; other cheap
pianos. 216 McAllister st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest: price lowest: uprights. $76 -up;
rents. $2 up HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister at.,
next Hibernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
________
HORSES.
FOR sale — Good working horse; cheap. 115
Oak st._ . •
LARGE assortment of work, draught and driv-
ing horses, cheap. 145 Valencia st.
40 HORSES for sale: also . wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth; auction pales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds: 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Ynrds. 220 Valencia st. ■ ' ■
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SIDE-SPRING business buggy, almost new,
cheap. 55 Beale at., upstairs. • ;
FINE laundry, bakers' and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin. opp. City Hall.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR Sale— Fine thoroughbred Japanese " pug;
. marked black and white. Address box 236,
. Call office. •
FOR Sale— Fancy pigeons; ■ extra fine; very
cheap. 841 Castro st. ' • ■ .
FRESH cow; gentle; rich milk. 2214 Alameda
aye., Alameda.
RESTAURANT range; cheap If taken at once.
18 East st.
SOME first-class mining machinery; cheap;
easy terms. Assay Office, 10 Stevenson st. :■
FOLDING bed, black walnut bedroom set;
good; cheap. 114 Jones st.
HORSESHOER'S outfit for sale cheap. Apply
blacksmith shop, 1223 Fell st. .
PHONOGRAPHS. $20; records, $5 per dozen:
projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl. 938-952 Market.
8-HORSE power boiler and engine; cheap; run-
ning now. 426 Ninth st.
2 MULES, harness and covered spring wagon,
$30. 1526 Walnut St., Alameda. ,
FOR Sale— A highly-bred bull terrier dog, pure
white; 11 months old: Al pedigree: a fine
animal: cheap. Address- box 8546, Call office.
OLD buildings and lumber bought and sold.
■ Apply Ellis, near Buchanan, or Royal House
126 Ellis st. F. J. FRENCH & CO. ■ -':
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office - furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth. ":-..
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
. gines, boilers, dynamos, etc. ' 516 Mission st.
J. R. POOL, ' house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
— Bargains in new. and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
BARS,' show cases, * counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission at., nr. Seventh.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic,' Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission at.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; " repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, : rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. : '
SPIRITUALISM.
DR. ALICE TOBIAS— Test , meeting I to-night.
11l Larkin st.; free sittings dally, 560 Minna.
O. A. KRAUS, medium: astrology and palmis-
try; sittings dally. 334 Eddy at. ' -;..-.- "•; .-.;
MRS.' ELLIS, medium, 233 ■ Valencia at.; ' read-
ings, $1; clr.Tues.; Frl., 2 p. m. Mon. 8; 25c.'
MRS. SHAFFER, test- and' business medium;
'■:. sittings dally. 212'^ Sixth st. ■ ;
M. ■ FRANCES. Independent • slate-writing [ me-
dium. 118 Halght >t. ■■■■
MRS. J. - J. WHITNEY, ■ clairvoyant, : trance
test medium and life reader. 232 Stockton at.
; ; . HYPNOTISM " . :
FREE : cllnlo Thursday * eve., ~ Aug. 23; College
Therapeutics. 305 Larkin; all welcome. »■ ;
CLAIRVOYANTS^^^_^____
OMAR!. Greate OAMealumO A M eaIum and oK"
The World's Greatest Medium and Clairvoy j
ant Located Permanently in His
Own Home at 325 Eddy Street. 18
OMAR! the occ^wonder. OMAR!
THE OCCULT WONDER.
MARVELOUS TESTS!
FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER.
Name of Sweetheart or - Husband.
"TRUTHFUL IN HIS PREDICTIONS, vicE .. j
RELIABLE IN HIS ADVICE. I
No matter what troubles you may have with .
yourself or others, come and he will guide you. ;
He advises you with a certainty higher than
human power. is RECOGNIZED >T~ THE I
PROF. OMAR IS RECOGNIZED F^ TH_ ,
PRESS. - ■ o _
Medical fraternity and scientists generally M j
the foremost medium in the country, and
ehould not be classed with % card readers for
tune tellers, palmists, astologers and similar
humbugs.
Prof OMAR, the brilliant star of his pro- |
fession, acknowledged by the press and pub-
lic of two continents as the most remarkable
medium and clairvoyant, is P ern ? ane 11 1 R 3 f llt l 0; i
cated in San Francisco, and may be consulted
from 9 a. m. to » p. m. daily and Sunday.
Prof OMAR'S past record and strictly honor-
able dealings are sufficient guarantee for his
future work, and have won him the good will j
of the press and people. •
HONKST, FEARLESS AND CAPABLE.
He is the foremost medium of the day. He
fully understands the responsible position he
Is placed in by the remarkable gift he Is en-
dowed with, and he will try his -best to help
those who need help, and advise those ho
need advice, and do all In his power to show
all his honest-callers plainly and in forcible
language how to gain happiness and prosper-
ity- . V
OMAR INEVERl NEVER FAILS
' To unite the separated and
Cause speedy and happy marriages.
' OMAR
Guarantees Success in all cases.
HIS REVELATIONS ARE MOST WONDER-
FUL ;
and acknowledged to be of the highest order,
not made to satisfy idle curiosity only, but in- ■
tended to give those who seek the truth a
permanent benefit. He does not cater to the ;
superstition of the ignorant, credulous people.
If you are In doubt that he can and will per-
form all he claims, feel yourself invited to call,
and he will give you a more substantial proor
of his marvelous power than you have ever
before received from mortal.
If marriage, sickness, deaths, changes,
travels, divorces, separations, lawsuits, busi-
ness transactions, wills, deeds, mortgages, lost \
or absent friends Interest you; If you desire to
be more successful; if you desire to have your
domestic troubles removed, your lost l«ya re-
turned, your bitterest enemies converted Into
stanch friends— a word, whatever may be
your troubles, suspicions or desires.
CALL ON THIS GIFTED MAN
And he will send you away happier, wiser and
bolder than before.
HOURS— A. M. to 8 P. M. DAILY
AND SUNDAY.
N. B.— Satisfaction guaranteed or no pay.
All business sacred and confidential.
Parlors so arranged that you meet no strang-
ers. .1
Maid In attendance.
AT HOME ALL DAY SUNDAY.
PROFESSOR OMAR, 325 EDDY ST.
PROF. OMAR Is the only medium ,in this
city who haa appeared before the London
Psychic Research Society, as well as Boston
and Detroit branches of same, and Indorsed 1
by all three. Testimonials and Diplomas are
on file In his office.
Cut This Out.
It Appears Sunday Only. '
This advertisement and $1 will entitle you
to a $2 reading.
ATTENTION {
WHAT IS' TOUR VOCATION?
HAVE YOU PROSPERED?
WHAT ARE YOUR HOPES?
MRS. DR. F. CLARK
Will lift the dark veil of your future life;
she rives you valuable ADVICE and AID In all
affairs of life, of private as well as of busi-
ness nature, as, for instance, pertaining to
Love, Matrimony. Friendship, Business. Law
Suits, Contested Wills, Divorce, Damage Suits,
Mining-
She discovers lost or stolen property, finds
burled treasures, prevents sickness, misfor-
tune, reconciles the separated, thus restoring
lost happiness. '
Every person Is adapted to some particular
business, profession or trade, which may Justly
be termed their true vocation, and yet more
than half of you are fighting against an un-
known fate for fame, fortune . and . position
which you do not and cannot obtain until you
find your true vocation.
Hours, 10 to 6 dally. . Send stamp for circu-
lar and special ■ terms.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
1206 Market St.. opposite Sixth. S. F.
ATTENTION! TOUR DESTINY FORETOLD!
PROF. H. ROMAINE,
THE ORIENTAL SEER,
LATE OF INDIA.
—TELLS FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER—
Tells names of your friends.
Tells you what you called for.
Tells all about your business affairs.
AH about your love and domestic affairs.
Causes speedy marriages.
Reunites the separated In seven days.
Locates burled treasures In five days.
. Locates mines and valuable ores.
. Recovers old estates and valuable papers.
Removes evil Influences, bad habits, etc.
Gives good luck In all your undertakings.
Guarantees Success v
In any of the above work or Money Refunded.
Being a Master. He Never Falls. /
Hours, 10 to 8. Satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
■ Letters with stamp answered.
OFFICES
MARKET 5T.— 1206
FIRST FLOOR, SUITE 104.
V '■' '■ — — —
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, ! i
Medical clairvoyant . and medium, will diag-
nose • diseases and treat with revealed reme-
. ales, which are a boon to suffering humanity;
stamp for circular. . 232 StocKton st. 7
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease: full life reading; la.
■■; gents $) ; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 60. 126 Turk.
MME. ANGUS, palmistry and clairvoyant; card
reading; truth or no pay; 25c. \: 324', Seventh.
MME. WALTERS, the great card reader: ladles, .
25c;. gents. 50c. - 951 Mission 'St.. near Sixth.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and • • card ;
readsr; 25c up. < 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. . RA^VENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. , 5 Fourth st. ,
MRS. DR. ' RAMONDI: ycur fortune told ■by ■
chlrosraphy. $1 and |2.'i10» Grant. aye.,; room ». !
BONO R A RAMONA. medium and card reader;
lOo: ladles only. >. 23 Ash aye. :■
MRS. B. 4 BAUMANN. the -(.ell-known ; fortune !
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. ■ BYBILLE. • cradle to grave : : future ' hus- .
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CHEAPEST and , best In America— The Weekly ■
Call. Sent to any address In the United :
: States, postpaid, for ;H 50 a year. • :• ~ ■
BUSINESS CHANCES.
WERTHEIM & KERTH. Real Estate and ->
Business Agency— Rent and money collectors- I
partners secured. We have always on hand a '
selection of real estate and business places.
We offer for sale to-day:
$22.'.0— Saloon, elegantly fitted up. with res-
taurant and private rooms: cheap rent and
lea=e- best location on Market st.
$5000— One of the finest and best saloons in
this city; located among merchants and mar-
kets-doing a large business; stock, fixtures,
lea«e- cheap rent: full investigation to pur-
chaser" this Is an excellent opportunity.
$1250— Millinery store In best part of the city,
including stock and fixtures.
jj2oo Grocery and bar; fine location south of
Market St.; cheap rent and lease.
J2ooo— Lodging house. 34 rooms, finely fur-
nished; best location: near Market st.
Farties Intending to buy or. sell businesses or
real estate please call at our office.
real estate pie WERTHEIM & KERTH,
S5O Market St., southeast cor. Stockton.
PROSPEROUS confectionery and ice cream
business;/ elegant .fixtures; fine locality.
KREDO & CO. '
J325— BRANCH bakery, delicacy and notions; 5
furnished rooms; receipts $10 dally. KREDO
& CO.
14"0— Grocery and bar; fine corner.
$550— Grocery and family liquor. KREDO
& CO.
2 MORE men wanted with $500 each security
a"nd good position. KREDO & CO.. 22U, Geary.
$1200— FIRST-CLASS restaurant and oyster
house in a prosperous country town; doing a
business from $30 to $50 daily: ong lease;
hp<!t location: legitimate, established busi-
ness; trial given. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777
Market st. '
$125— GROCERY and bar; bargain; a rare
chance on account of sickness: stock and fix-
tures worth more than price asked. Me
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
FOR sale— loo shares In the Dutch Mining and
Milling Company at bargain rates; ml,:,
situated on Quartz Mountain. Tuolumne
County 7Cal.; stamps dropping, developed a, ;
good record for dividends. Apply to JOH.\
HEENAN. attorney-at-law, 220 Sansome at..
San Francisco. •__ __
YOUNG man for prosperous paying real estat»
business with about $4000: exceptional chance;
full half Interest given In first-lass real es-
tate: good Income. Box 213, Call office.
LIGHT profitable cash business for man and
wife; investigate. 1023 Market st. Apply Sun-
day and Monday. .
MAN with $300 would like to go in as partner
in paying restaurant or coffee house or sa-
loon; good waiter. T. X., box 64. Call office.
COAL; fine prospect; 2000 acres; 7 miles rail-
road- local demand; $12 ton: half Interest for
money to develop, ft. 4. 123 California »t.
$150 BUYS half Interest in a well-established
real estate agency: good prospects; call per-
sonally. ROBT. BENJAMIN. 111 Ellis st
WELL established business suitable for man
and wife; worth $150 a month; small capi-
tal. 58 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
ELEVENTH and Mission— Corner store; fire
opportunity for saloon or French liquor store.
BAKERY, with fine counter trade, for sale at
a bargain; see this. 3025 Sacramento st.
BAZAAR; value $1200; must be sold or ex-
changed. Address box 117. Call office.
FOR Bakery and notion store, with fix-
tures. Apply 203S Howard st.
RESTAURANT and coffee saloon for sale. 1125
Stockton St., cor. Pacific.
CANDY and cigar store; 3 rooms; furniture:
cheap rent: exchange for camping outfit or
cheap for cash; cause of sale sickness. 62S
Third st. '
$300— PARTNER wanted in light business,
where the services of plain, steady man are
preferred to hired help; business long estab-
lished and too much for one man; no experi-
ence required; trial given; $18 to $30 a week
each. Apply 3 to 5 p. m.. 9 Geary, room 2.
EXPERIENCED miner with good references
has located 2 claims with 5 ledges near
Angels Camp; wants partner with money for
developing. Address Miner, box 239, Call.
DOWN-TOWN route morning paper for sale;
cheap; sickness. Address Route, box 234, Call.
$800 — FINE located corner grocery, bar. fix-
tures and furniture for sale. Box 235. Call.
EXPERIENCED dentist wishes graduate part-
ner to open business. Address 709 Ivy aye.
GOOD harness business for sale; work enough
for 2 men; thorough investigation given; re-
duce stock if necessary. 621 E. 12th, Oakland.
WANTED. 3 active young mten with first-
class references to complete party of 8 for an
expedition to South Sea and Philippine islands;
object trading, exploration and prospecting.
Address box 222. Call office.
' EXCELLENT chance for right party; well es-
tablished gloves, feathers and clothes clean-
Ing works; worth $300; sell If taken imme-
diately for $150. Apply 154 Octavla.
FOR Sale — A long established merchant tailor
business; the proprietor retires from business
on account of going to Europe. JOHN RED-
LEY, 340 Third st.
GROCERY and bar: established 40 years; pres-
ent owner 20 years: sickness cause of sale.
Eighth and Harrison, opp. Recreation Park.
EXPRESS business, 30 years established; make
. offer. Northeast cor. Pine and Montgomery,
stand. Residence, 235 Dorland st.
DRUG store: money maker: bay town: bar-
gain: monopoly: $1200; terms. Address S.,
box 3. Call office. .
RESTAURANT: just the place for man and
wife: cheap if taken this month. Apply 337
Hayen st.
LADY in legitimate business wishes gentleman
to buy half Interest. Address box 242. Call.
FRUIT and grocery business, horse & wa-
gon; must sell. 317 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
FOR Sale — Tryster saloon; good location; cheap
rent; bargain. 229 Fourth st.
MONEY en diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewolrv at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
TO PRINTERS— CompIete Job office In Oak-
. land; cheap for cash. P.. box 1. Call. Oakland.
FOR sale— Call route at San Jose. For par-
tlculars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAS WELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento at.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & CO 224 GEARY ST.
....MONEY TO LOAN AT LOW RATES....
105 rooms; best paying in city i*- >
50 rooms; apartment; clears $150 3000
34 rooms; fine corner; half cash 2000
■ 23 rooms; clears $75 month £.'<)
20 rooms; two entrances; Market 300
11 rooms: Geary; doctor pays rent . 000
9 rooms: also 8 rooms; bargains _/_,-— J!J?
Others too numerous 'to mention. KRELMJ
& CO.
A— ROOMS; new and clean -* 1
74 rooms; south of Market St.: fine 4000
31 rooms; transient: Market st ■*[
15 rooms; select: transient corner *«
14 rooms; fine house; income $50 clear 9W
36 rooms; elegant; furnished h0te1.... a... ISOO
60 rooms; part cash; transient .- i" 1 '
15 rooms: Market st. : clears $200: cheap.. B0
. ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market st. (L. \l .
ROGERS, formerly clerk for H. C. Decker.)
H. C. DELIVER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
1 10 rooms; corner; very good. •••••-• »j?(
«, 24 rooms; sunny corner; clears $100 ww
61 68 rooms; comer: clears ISO. . . . . . . ... ..... i£i
100 others; 2 to 300 rooms; prices $100 to.. 8000
See my bargain list in to-days Chrenlcle.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp- Fifth.
$325— LODGING house: bargain on account of
sickness. McLAUGHLLX & CO.. 777 Market.
BARGAIN In a rooming house: 22 rooms: part-
ly furnished; all new; $450. E. L. HON. 215
Kearny st. .
JESSIE, 355V4. near Emporium— House of «
rooms. $100; flat of 3 rooms. $40; no agents.
10-ROOM house cheap; must leave city.
242 Taylor st.
10-ROOM house cheap; must leave city. 241
Taylor st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 6 rooms, $75; cheap flat to let.
1% Shipley St.. corner Fifth. _.
LOST.
LOST— Near Cliff House, ladles' gold watch:
initial M. Call or address CHARLES MOORE,
423 Bush st. Reward. ?•■• i
LOST— GoId heart locket; I '"Kittle" one aide.
- "Mlzpah" reverse; containing hair and pic-
ture; reward. 310 Guerrero St.; call before 2:30.
GOLD ring, ruby; valued as souvenir of on*
dead; reward. 2218 Webster st.
LOST— On narrow gauge Santa Cruz . train
August 9. a small silver watch, black ribbon
fob with a coin attached. Address to or
leave at Hotel Bella Vista. 1001 Pine St., a.
'F.. and receive liberal reward.
LOST— August 5. transferring from Kearny to
. Clay, or on Clay-st. cars a purse. Reward
, at Call office.
LOST— August 18, two valises; G. Palm. Please
■ return to 480 Jessie st. -; _________
LOST— A pass book ■qjlth the Hlbernia Savings
. and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ALBERT- J. BUCHANAN, No.
189-1458. The finder will please return to
; • bank, i ■ . ;' ■; -. -.' \r ; ■
LOST— Scotch collie pup about 3 months old.
named Dewey, license No. 1531. A suitable
reward will be given If returned to 1150. Ful-
•: ton st.. cor. Scott. !
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewritten sold i and : rented; few partly
• ? used , for ■ re.le cheap: t send ■-■ for samples and
r prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
NEW Hammond, $35: Callirraph. $15; Yost; $15;
get sample work. . SCOTT. 833 Montgomery..."•'■. : CITY REAL ESTATE.
6:'h. I'-mbsen & CO..
■ ■ •• . REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
"■.,'-■.' 14 Montgomery st.
' ■'• MISSION COTTAGE—A BARGAIN.
■ ■■ $v<X>— Price greatly reduced to make immediate
sale; cottage of 5 rooms; 25x125; only half a
. block from Mlssion-st. cars.
' : ••" A SNAP— CHEAP.
• $1660 — Has been asking $2000; price reduced to
riiake Immediate sale; 2 flats; rents $18; street
. accepted; stone sidewalks.
.. " .A BARGAIN ON PACIFIC ST.
•-. 3-story house of 10 rooms and bath and
■lot; rents $276 per annum; this Is a bargain.
A SNAP— MISSION FLATS.
$2300r-Near Castro and Twenty-fourth ets. car
Unes; rents $324 per annum; 2 substantial flats
of 5 and 4 rooms and bath each; brick founda-
tion; 25x114.
: TWO VERY CHEAP FLATS.
. 12600— $264 per annum; 5 rooms«and bath
ea.c'h; Mission warm belt: 25xi<0; street accepted.
■ ATOM A. NEAR NEW MONTGOMERY.
• ' $J2750— 3 flats of 6. 5 and 5 rooms; rents $37 per
".month- street accepted; this is a bargain.
••■.:. ' CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS. >
.". $12) per foot— Lot any size on the main drive
to the Park; street accepted: the best residence
.'location in the Western Addition.
■WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE— EASY"
■ •'. . TERMS.
." $8350r-A small amount cash, the balance same
a'-s-'ren.t; nice 2-story bay-window residence of
8 room's and bath, etc.
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER— BARGAIN.
- $5750— Store and flat; substantial 2-story build-
ing; corner, 67x50, on 2 prominent streets; halt
of lot -vacant; this is a snap.
. : " ANOTHER GOOD INVESTMENT.
." $4000— Western. Addition; 4 flats; rents $42 per
rhonth;. 2sx9o; good renting locality; street ac-
cepted-;: this is a bargain.
- A NICE RESIDENCE ON WEBSTER ST.
$f.650- : -Elite neighborhood; 2-story and base-
■jnvi-t. bay-window residence of 9 roems and
.bath; brick foundation, etc.; 25x106:3; price has
. l3et?n. "greatly reduced.
" CALIFORNIA ST.— ELEGANT HOME.
."$7/K><>_Nlee 2-story and basement residence of
Si rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; modern; nice loca-
.tion; 25x132:7*4.
■ Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
•Records." which contains a list of properties
in all parts of the city for sale.
• . " G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
. A -HOME for your rent money— A real story of j
'• how many are obtaining homes and how you
. may obtain one— A. tired of living in a rented
House, buys a house and lot in the Heyman
Tract, to be paid in monthly installments of j
$20. " When his payments are completed he
•has. by paying no more than the rent of an
"■ Inferior house, bought and paid for a home.
All the time he has lived in a new and mod-
ern. hou«>.». built to suit his needs and tastes. |
.-• B rents a house for $20 a month. It is not |
" new, not modern, and doesn't suit in other i
- ways. You can't get much of a house for $20. :
But every nth his landlord takes the rent,
and .B has nothing to show for it. He ac-
quires no interest in the property. A's home |
has cost him $300 (the original payment); B
hasn't any home.
To see the Heyman Tract and the cottages
■ "tak*- Mlsslon-st. cars, transfer to Twenty-
. second, and ride to Hoffman aye.
: --Streets are all graded, gas and water pipes |
• laid. -.James A. Cotter, resident agent, will
,"sho"w you around. JACOB HEYMAN,
•'■■■-. 11 Montgomery st.
Jl 4-ROOM and bath cottage, just finished. lB-
" -cludihK let; street graded and sewered; only
. $15 monthly: close to car line. JACOB HEY-
. .-MAN. .11. Montgomery st.
RICHMOND lots— 2 fine level building lots;
2."rx12) each; tli monthly; cheap; will build to
' suit, JACOB HEYMAN', 11 Montgomery st.
$100— -LOTS in Sunset District, Golden Gate
' I'ark'. on $5 monthly payments. JACOB HEY-
. MAN. 11 Montgomery st.
■15-FINE level lots; only 3 blocks from San Ma-
• .t»o electric cars; just the thing- for a chicken
.ranch; on easy monthly payments. -.. JACOB |
. - HEYMAN 11 Montgomery st.
"A. NKW 7-room and bath cottage. Just built, i
••'o:i Twenty-third st.. near Douglass; price
aivl t> -firs' reasonable. Call at office.' JACOB
HEYMAN, II Montgomery st.
• JOHN- f'FORR, removed to 403 Pine St., oppo-
; site Nevada. Bank, will sell at sweeping re-
duction:
" PAP.X PANHANDLE PROPERTY.
$SoOo— Kent $94: 4 splendid fiats on Fell st.,
near. Masonic aye.; lot 37:'>x137:8.
. . $7000— Ashbury St., near Fell; lot 25x103; fine
residence.
•*><X'O— i flats on Page St., near Broderick; lot ;
27:.Gx75.-
S427.C'— Splendid cottage: Oak St., near Lyon;
•lot 2ixUo.
_ ? ';"'- f "Jir:^r : endi(l property, on Market et., one
-3d — TSS blocks from the Baldwin..- •■ .-
_"Vi2". 000,; formerly $15,000— .'slit Bt.. east cf
.Fillmore, three fine bay-window 2-story houses,
.and lot r."x137:6 feet; very cheap. ■- — •
.- $4300. reduced from $6600 — A fine 2-story bay-
window house and lot 2",xlOO, in the heart of
" the Mission.
■• 525.000, formerly 000 — A very prominent
corner yielding now 8 per cent, and wilt surely
gQ- UP tO J50,000.
$17.000— An undivided half of. lot 125x105' feet. [
•covered with buildings yielding good rent, on
Mission street, n « r Sixteenth.
•" ■ $2100— new cottage at the Mission.
■ $SOOO, formerly $90 I Rent $70; four fine flats;
■ Western Addition; lot 49xS0.
. IN THE HEART OF TOWN.
$65,000— Splendid property on Market St., only
IV4 brocks from the Baldwin.
1 $42,500 — Taylor St., . ar Market; large lot;
'well improved: stores and fiats.
'. BETTER THAN MONEY IN THE BANK.
' $16,000— Rent $160; a two-corner house of 42
rooms and 6 baths.
" $5750— Rent $60; four flats on Geary st.; lot
"25x125. ","•."
$:,Soo— Rent $47; store and two flats: Geary st.
'. $2490— Rent $25; a double flat; 5 rooms below
and" 6 rooms upstairs.
•' 00— Rent ;-o.>;; -0.>; stores ai.J flats; never
' vacant. - - • •
McAFEE BROTHERS— McAFEE BROTHERS,
10S Montgomery ft.. San FrancUco. - r
BUSH, NEAR POWELL!
RIGHT DOWN TOWN!
A house of 16 rooms; could be turned into 3
'flats or board lne-hm:se at small cost;- com-
.mands fine vit-w of the city; lot 27:6x137:6; this j
:-property must be seen to be appreciated; it's a
splendid buy; price only $10,000.
:" $5000 LESS THAN COST.
• Almost new. gant residence on Pacific aye-
. nue' near V;.: Ness; large lot 37:6x125; price re-
duced to $25 : 000.
FINE WEBSTER-ST. CORNER.
J7:«x9C; pood business location: old improve-
ments rent for $50 monthly; price $7000; owner
anxious to seil. i,
$6000— Residence on Webster ft., near Cali-
fornia; 7 rooms and bath; pleasant, comfort-
able home;' offer wanted.
House of 7 rooms and bath; located In the
best part of Mission warm belt; N. Twenty-
first St., between Valencia and Mip«lon; must,
be .sold this week; price only, $3500.
McAFEE BROTHERS— McAFEE BROTHERS,
."" 108 Montgomery st., San Francisco. Cal.
HOOKER* & LENT.... 14 POST ST.
U5O ......LESS THAN RENT
Cottage half a block from Mission cars; 50-
foot lot; street work done: small cash pay-
ment: balance less than rent; only slight re-
. pairs necessary. * J .■ ■
$2-jn. CASH $1000 bank mortgage can stand
• Cheapest lot in Richmond; 64-foot front; this
is worth $1750.
$3200....... EASY TERMS
Two oottapes on corner: one block from
Geary st. and car*: rents' $24; a snap. . ••■^ =
$3250 RENTS $40
A . prime Investment; close to Folsom . and
• Trrtrri sts. • •
14000 .' SPLENDID MISSION CORNER
Near Twelfth and Market «ts; close to town:
now brines $38 rent; 23 feet front on thorough-
" tare.
...NEAR HAIGHT AND DEVISADERO
_ fine house of. B rooms and bath: 30-foot lot;
a. large amount of price can .remain on mort-
gage at low rate.
_^ HOOKER _ LENT.
$750- 1 -TO be sold for benefit of creditors, four
•lots. and cottage: Sadowa St. -' •
$2OC'\ cost $3500— Cottage and fine lot; Jersey
St.: can" arrange new mortgage of $1500."
". .' jToreclosure talc; lot 25x100 and house.
. 5 rooms and bath; Sanchez st., near Seven-
teenth: street bituminlzed.
-.'■ McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery, st.
$6T,0- I LOTS 2. .x114 or 30x114; sunny side 25th St..
between Castro and Noe; will build to suit
purchaser.
•$2500— Part cash; a large 6-room 2-story house;
4036 25th St.. near Noe.; one block from Castro-
.?t. caHe or 24th-st. electric line. F. NELSON.
•709 Castro -st.
$12.M0; Brand corner at a great bargain:
• well-built flats: basement: brick founda-
tion: always rented over $110 monthly; in
' : walking distance of new City Hall, only
.-.block from Market: terms, half cash. Apply
. A. M. SPECK & CO., CO2 Market st. -
'•'• CITY REAL ESTATE.
'. .s3o.ooo— Brick" business block In Interior city;
rents -$3300 per annum; cash only. Address
' R. B. SWAYNE, Bakersfleld, Cal.
11850—1-3 CASH, balance $14- month; 5-room-
and-bath cottage; j 176. Cook St., near Geary;
1 -• see It. i .:;.;- .-''-■. ' . ■ • . ■•.
. $3000 only— cash: Sutjter st. store property.
I. C. SCHARFF," 20 Montgomery st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON _ BURKE, Real Estate Agents,
Established 1858. 626 Market st.
Must sell to close an estate— An elegant In-
■ide property, on Pine st., bet. Larkin and
folk; 25x137:6; two buildings; only $5500 asked.
$7500— McAllister St., near Flllmore; two large
Mats; paying good Income; lot 25x100.
Washington st., near Webster; 9 rooms
ip.d bath; lot 25x128.
Must be sold— Two fine flats on Hayes St.,
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street;
rents very low; $55; only $7260; make offer.
' $4300— Bush st., near Devlsadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6.
$5000— Three fiats; Twenty-first St., near Va-
lencia; rents $33 per month; lot 22x90.
Cozy new cottage; Tremont aye., near Fred-
erick st. ; 5 rooms and bath, with all latest
conveniences; only $3000; terms' to suit.
Twenty-fifth " st., : near SancheH; C
rooms and bath; 24:3x114.
$3000— Cottage and lot; Twenty-first St., near
Castro; 6 rooms and stable; 26x114.
" Cottage and lot; " Duncan ' st , near
Church; 4 rooms and stable; 25x114.
$4000— Webster st., near McAllister; < rooms
and bath and rear house; lot 25x84:6,
$3500— Two cottages: Chattanooga St., near
Twenty-third; 32:6x117:6.
$2500— Utah St., near Sixteenth; 6 rooms and
lot 25x100.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Halght and Octavia sts., 1 block
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
Corner, only $2350; California and Locust
su. ; 37:6x107:7.
50 vara; Buchanan, corner of Chestnut; $6000-
137:6x137:6.
$2300— Halght St., near Devlsadero; an ele-
gant building lot. 25x110.
$3500— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth; 62x100.
$2750— Clay St., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
$2000 — Cole St., near Waller; 25x123. •
$4000— Ritch st., near Third and Folsom; two
lots; 50xSO: cheap.
$2600— Pace, near Devlsadero; 25x137:8.
$1750 — Union st., near Webster; 25x100.
$150r— -Turk St., corner Central aye.; 27:6x110.
$1250 — Sixteenth St., near Castro; 25x100.
$1000— Seventh aye., near J 5t. ;. 25x120. ■ -•
$1500— North Bide Golden Gate aye., near Cen-
tral aye. : 25-110.
— Jersey St., near Noe; 25x114.
California, near Second aye.; 25x100; $800.
— Valparaiso, near Filbert _ Mason; 23x60.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
________________
O. F. VON~RHEIN & CoT
Returned from temporary offices to BIS Call-
I fornia st. •
. IMPROVED.
i $12.000— Leavenworth and Greenwich;
137:6x137:6, with house.
$11,000— Cor. Dupont and Hlnckley; 20x57:6;
j store and lodging-house; rente $85.
$6000-r-EUls, nr. Buchanan; 25:9x60; flats; rente
$55 so. i ■ - -;-. -
$62.'O — Broadway, nr. Kearny; 20x77 :€.
$5500 — Cor. Bryant and 7-oe; 35x97:8.
J3500 — California, near Baker; 25x77:7%; 2 >
flats: rents $42 50.
I — Page. nr. Pierce; 25x157:6; cottage. 6 j
, rooms and bath.
Green, near Powell; 24:3x69:9; flats;
rents $;!;-
s4soo— Filbert, nr. Taylor; 20x60; rent $46.
$4200— Shotwell, nr. 24th; 25x122:6; 2 flats.
$4000— 44 th aye., nr. Point Lobos; 60x120; worth
$6000. . - - ...
$2500 — 3d aye.. nr. Clement St.; 25x120: cottage.
$2000— nr. Sanchez: 25:5x114; cottage.
— Bernard, nr. Jones; 23x60; cottage and
stable. .
UNIMPROVED.
$2500— Stelner, nr. Oak; 25x100.
Filbert, nr. Varennes: 17:6x57:1; cheap. i
$1200— Fair Oaks, nr. 26th; 25x125. ,
Scott, nr. Washington; £5x115.
17th and Capp; 32:6x110.
25x120; Boyce an.l Rose aye. : 8 lots.
25x85; 13th, nr. Stevenson: 2 lots.
25x100; Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
Lombard and Pierce; 22:11x90.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER
ROOM A. First - loor,
Crocker Building, i
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
EXPERT JUDGES BUY PROPERTY NOW!
BARGAINS NOW! _ PROFITS LATER!
$100, $150 to $250; level building lots near
Mission-street electric cars; only $3 monthly.
: SOL GETZ & BROTHER-
SUNSET HEIGHTS -OTS!
$400, $450 to $350; officially graded; superb ;
view; $25 down, $10 monthly. & BROTHER ,
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$400, $450 to $750: choicest Richmond building, j
lots; street graded and sewered; $25 down.
$10 monthly. . SOL GKTZ _ BROTHER.
Call for Maps and Diagrams. brother _
SOL GETZ _ BROTHER,
Room A, Crocker building.
' JCWPTWO elegant modern flat? of 6 and 7.
rooms; choice part of Western Addition; fin- ■
I view on car line; rented $65 per month.
54500— A fine business corner; improvements i
strictly modern; consisting of store. 3 rooms;
flat of 5 rooms; stable;, rented 538
$6250— Tw0 modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms.
$3500— Two new flats of 4 and 5 rooms.
Stanyan. opposite the park: 30x106. i
ENGLISH A MORRISSEY. 636 Market St.
! $4SQO— ELEGANT residence,^ Just completed; !
every modern convenience; every room in
house handsomely decorated; nothing in ♦Tie }
city equal to it for that money; lot 2'>xl37:t>:
situated 449 Frederick st., between Shrader
E BOVEe! TOY & SONNTAG. 624 Market st. _
$1400— FINE residence and business lot 29x100,
! on Point Lobos and First avenues; store and I
I flats would' pay; make ffer; must be sold;
' large mortgage can remain. Address R., box :
j 114. Call office. .
] $3250 snap; 6 rooms and bath; lot 30x77; j
Webster st near McAllister: must sell this |
week J. W. WRIGHT & CO.. 630 Market at.
$250— CHOICE, level corner 50x100, near elec- ;
1 trie car? at Ingleside. Address R.. box 114, ■
Call office. >
COUNTRY real estate.
G H. UMBSEN & CO..
David Bush, Manager Country Department.
14 Montgomery st.
Rent Sale or Exchange— 9oo acres first-class
grain land, with good Improvements, near Ar-
buckle, Colusa County. . .
Exchange— An elegantly -improved place fur-
I nished in Santa Rosa; lot 150x300 feet.
Exchange— city Improved or unimproved ,
property, a fine house, with lot 95x300. in 'East
Hf-rkclfV
I Berkeley suburban home of 5 acres, with ,
I modern residence; fruit, lawn, flowers and !
8 If you want country property call and see us.
80 ACRES gently rolling fruit land, 6 miles |
t from Col fax; $1600 clear for cottage In Oak- ;
land: will assume mortgage. ' |
350 acres One land near Templeton; nearly all
In cultivation; good Improvements; a magnifi-
cent ranch; for Oakland or San Francisco prop-
erty BENHAM & THOMAS.
464 Ninth St.. Oakland. _ I
FOR Bale— One of the best farms. 162 acres. !
near Pleasanton, good 6-room house; big barn
and other outbuildings: family orchard; !
plenty of spring water piped to the house
and yards; plenty wood and good crops this
year; best of climate; at a big sacrifice, as ■
owner cannot attend to It. Address P. W.,
Eureka Hotel, Oakland: ' . .
FOR Chicken Ranches- ■
Acreage property In Oakland suburbs on elec-
tric car line; in subdivisions to suit: price
$100 per .acre and upward.
McAFEE BROS.. McAFEE BROS,.
108 Montgomery St.. San Francisco, Cal.
$800— ONE-HALF cash; 160 acres; near Auburn,
Placer County : house, barn, etc. ; good, cheap
home.
$2250— 0ne-half cash; 80 acres early fruit
belt, • Vacaville: 30 acres bearing orchard; a j
bargain. I. SCHARFF, 20. Montgomery st.
640 ACRES selected redwood timber and fruit
lands on Navarro River, Mendoclno County |
reduced to half price to close an estate. . Ad- i
dress R-, box 114, Call office.
$600— MOUNTAIN ranch, west of Ukiah, on
road, with common house and barn; 10 acres i
in cultivation; 4 acres orchard; 60 acres in
oak and pine timber. Address R., box 114, '
Call office.
$25,000 — STOCK ranch, nearly SOOO acre*, with '
good improvements, on Eel River, Mendoclno !
County; Includes 2000 sheep, stock, etc. Ad- '
dress R., box 114, -Call office. j
FOR Sale— -A choice country town home, Includ- I
ing 4 acres, well improved, having mill and i
tank. For particulars Inquire 1523 O'Farrell. j
$joo— |U ACRES In town In Lake County; 10
acres bearing orchard; house and barn; good i
i supply water: must be sold. C. F. MOORE.
'935 Market st., room *. ■---•'-.-.-
2 SO ACRES. Sonoma County: fruit, ! poultry,
stock; pays well: no reasonable offer refused. i
. Call .and 'See owner any - evening, after 7
, o'clock. C. W. HAI'FE, 320 Fulton st.
'MARIN County dairy ranches; sell or lease;
•• building • lots and land by . the acre in Ross
. * Valley. J. TUNSTEAP. San Rafael. Cal.
• STOCK LANDS FOR. .SALE.
' 7200 acres. Fort Se ward ranch, . with or with-
out «00 head of (stock cattle. -
■ ■ 2400 : acres; • "Woodman ranch.
6000 acres: Alder Point ranch. v . -v-;
All located on Eel River, Humboldt County;
banner stock ; county .and • lands of California;
never ' failing - water and wood; •' no drought?.
.These ranches will be sold on terms to suit
purchasers. For full particulars writs H. T. !
' FAIRBANKS, ■ Petaluma. Cai. ' ''.''■ ■"'--".'
$150 FOR 10 acres: payable $10 a month, with-
out interest or taxes; fine valley land, under
irrigation canal; railroad , runs through the
: tract; fine fruit t and farming land; only 18
• tracts"; left;' call immediately and secure one \
• before it Is too 'late.' WESTERN LAND CO., :
• 640 Market st. ;' ' '- . >..' • ; . j
FOR Sale — Lot for home in San Mateo County, i
- X.. box 2. Call office. V \. ; . . . ; . - . . .
THE SA^N FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1898.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, '■'••-, T
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
$3000— Brand-new l^-story residence on
Twenty-first st., close to Bryant; contains . 7
rooms, bath. etc. ; street bitumlnized and ac-
cepted ; keys .at this- at flee ; open Sundays for
inspection bet. 1 and 4 p. m. J
$9000— Polk st., near California, 3-story build-
ing, store and 2 flats of 6 rooms and bath;
rent $70.
$22,000— Geary St., near Jones; rent $175; good
3-story : building under secured lease; over 2
years to run ; extra large lot.
. $100 CASH. BALANCE $15 MONTHLY. ■ _.
• $1500— Nice cottage on Diamond St., close to
Castro and Chenery; contains 5 rooms and bath.
Twentieth st., near Castro; 2-story resi-
dence of 7 rooms and bath; also small house in
rear; mortgage of $1700 can remain: lot 25x110.
$2000— Small amount of cash required; very
attractive bay-window cottage of 5 rooms and
bath, etc., on Jersey st., near Castro.
$28,000— Rent $330; an offer : wanted; good
Chinatown Investment on Washington st. ; ex-
tra large lot, over 70 feet by over 100 feet In
depth. : 'rff-V-'
$6500— Rent $60; handsome new flats of < and
7 rooms, bath, etc., on Page St., near Laguna;
good renting property, close to town.
' $7500, worth $12,000— O'Farrell st. near La-
guna; modern 2-story basement and attic resi-
dence, containing 12 rooms and latest improve-
ments; rent $85; lot 25x120 to rear street. -
$4SOO— wanted; rent $47: Pine st., near
Franklin; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath
each; also cottage on rear street; let has 2
frontages.
GOOD BUSINESS PROPERTY.
— Splendid building on a prominent street
In the Western Addition; plate glass show win-
dows; the floor of the store is laid in tiles; the
building was erected for a baker, who Is doing
an excellent business. .. - s
$21,000— Gate aye.; corner of promi-
nent street: large lot, 40x90; improvements con-
sist of flats and 2 stores; rents $177 50. ■
$3000— Tehama st., near Eighth; 2-story frame
building, containing S rooms; also a 2-story
house of 8 rooms In rear: rent $35; lot 26x75.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
\^ 10 Montgomery st.
BARGAIN — Sunny icorner cottage; 7 rooms and
bath. Apply 436 Buchanan st.
GO out a little ways and own your home;
rental terms. THE" MCCARTHY COMPANY,
646 Market st.
CORNER lot, Mission and Bosworth sts.; level;
sewered; also cottages; easy terms. Owner,
413 Kearny st.
CITY poultry farm; new house, 4 rooms;
2 lots; $10 mo. DOLAN, 1223 Cortland aye.
__________ „_„ _- _ .
C. C. BEMIS.
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
seventh sts. ; close to electric road.
— Good corner for store; must be sold;
lot 52:4x60 feet.
• $6700— 60x127:6 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay.
50-vara on Page St.; panhandle of park.
■ — Choice building lots north of park.
' Bargain — Southwest corner Fifth aye. and C
St.; 109x95 feet. .■ . ■■ ■
WANTED— Income properties for cash: must
be cheap. At A. M. SPECK & CO.'S. 602
Market st.
2 FINE corners, partly Improved, near the Mis-
sion High School. W. H. PATTERSON &
CO., 1709 Market st. _^
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$650 — COTTAGE, 5 rooms; bank mortgage, $500.
$1000—5 rooms; $100 cash, $10 mo.; Twenty-
third aye.
$1650— Fine 6-room cottage; bank montgage,
$1300.
— Center Station; 7-room cottage; $500
cash. ■ 
$2500— Modern cottage, 5 rooms: corner; IOOx
125; fronts electric cars; bank mortgage, $2000;
sacrifice.
$2850— East Oakland; modern 6-room cottage;
half-acre lot; location for health; must sell,
Elegant 9-room residence, just com-
pleted; Telegraph aye.; close In; good value;
$1000 cash.
$6500— Superb home; 13 rooms; corner; large
lot; central; must sell; called East; terms;
splendid value; make offer above mortgage.
LAYMA.VK REAL ESTATE CO..
Offices, 460-462 Eighth St., Oakland.
LIVERMORE; 80 acres; house, barn; all culti-
vated; very low; $2500. C. K. KING; 902
*. Broadway. Oakland - .■■—■■r ■■-- ■
7 ACRES: Haywards; house. and barn, wind-
mill and tank: $1250: buildings cont $1000. C.
K. KING. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
$400— SMALL 4-room house and lot 100 feet
square: East Oakland. ,C. K. KING. 902
Broadway. Oakland.
iv. ACRES, house and barn; East Oakland;
only $1300. C. K. KING. 902 Broadway, Oak-
land. '
LOOK— 13-room house; lot 164x145;
Piedmont and -Moss- ayes. ; at sacrifice. C.
K. KINO, &02 Broadway. Oakland.
7 ACRES, near Lafayette; new 7-room house;
only $1300; quick sale. C. K. KING, 902
Broadway, Oakland.
I AM authorized to sell the following proper-
ties, taken under foreclosure of mortgage-:
First— A modern new story-and-a-half house
on principal residence street; No. 1 neighbor-
hood, for $1600; cost $2500 one year ago; easy
terms. , "''■■ '- L -
Second— Modern flats 5 rooms and bath each;
Market st- station: the best residence street in
Oakland; price $2500: originally cost $5000; pay-
ing 15 per cent on the investment.
— Cottage 5 rooms and bath In a busi-
ness center of Oakland; cost $2700; price $1450;
convenient to cars, /schools, etc.
I am instructed to sell these properties to the
best bidder this week. First come, fir ; served.
Full description upon application. J. b. MEY-
ERS,' 1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. . • " .
THE RENT YOU PAY
WILL BUY A HOME IN THE
ALVIN TRACT.
Think of It! New, modern 4-room and bath
cottages, with high basement and lot 60x125, for
$750; small payment down and $7 50 per month;
4 cottages sold in the last month.
Take Haywards local train to Elmhurst Sta-
tion or Haywards electric cars to Jones aye.;
free carriage Sundays meets electric cars to the
Alvin Tract every half hour: only 45 minutes'
ride from San Francisco to the Alvin Tract.
A T. BATTEN, Resident Agent. JACOB
H EYMAN, Owner. 11 Montgomery st.
A— sl2s: WHAT for? A fine lot in the beauti-
ful Gallndo Tract, East Oakland: size 35x115;
or you can get a lot of any size you wish; $10
cash, monthly payments to .""it.
$750— About three-quarters of an acre; cottage
3 rooms; cnickenhouses, picket fence, trees and
shrubbery; a lovely spot; city water; two
blocks from electric road and fine school; about
10 minutes' walk to the local steam road; loca-
tion soil and climate fine, so we say: but you
come and see it; It will cost you nothing; why
not send for our circular if — v don't come.
455 Seventh St.. cor. Broadway, Oakland. H. Z.
JONES, owner. ■■
$1250-^AT $10 per month with Interest at 6 per
cent we offer a cozy cottage of 4 rooms,
newly painted and papered, on sunny side of
the street, and in good location; 3 blocks from
local station: a fine chance; call and see this
place. HUGH M. CAMERON. 478 Ninth St.,
Oakland. ■ V-
320 ACRES. 160 In grain, for sale or rent. E.
- E. BUNCE. 908 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR SALE— f1250, a 5-room house, with
lot 25x140 feet: situated on East Fourteenth
st between Tenth and Eleventh ayes. Ap-
ply to ALBERT SCHMIDT, 1122 Thirteenth
aye.. East Oakland.
«350 FOR a 3-room cottage and three - nice
lots; : s2s cash: monthly Installment* to suit.
$75-^Lots in the Allendale Tract. East Oak-
land $5 cash, $5 monthly on one or more lots.
3 electric car, lines; fine ' school; city water;
grand boulevard near; 35 families now located:
view location and soil unexcelled ; building up
rapidly: perfect drainage. . Call or send for
circular 455 Seventh St., cor. Broadway. Oak-
land. H. Z. JONES, owner. ■
$50 CASH, balance monthly: cottage _ of 3
rooms and. large barn; lot 60x133:6; 2. blocks
from Adeline station; price $900 --■■
W. P. RYAN. 960 Seventh st., . Oakland. Cal.
SN\P- lot 72x138. right In Berkeley, $460; cash.
L. M. SALSBURY, 002 Broadway.
'j OALLAGHAN. rral estatt dealer, notary
- "p"b'l<"-: rrnn*r»v lrr,V<>A lifter ~»14 R--n«^war ■
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and r cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st. See him.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$1300— AT a sacrifice; corner lot; 45x120. with
modern cottage 6 rooms and bath; near Lorin
' station. Berkeley: part . cash. ' Address R.,
box 114. Call office. - ■ '
$1200— LARGE corner; Telegraph *aye.;. 3 lots.
' Address R., box 114. Call office. 'v - '.. '
BIG • BARGAIN, ■-" $1300— Fine house 6 rooms,
bath, city water; lot 60x185; one block from
Berryman station; choice location: forced Bale
to close estate. =v WARREN CHENEY, ; oppo-
site station. Berkeley. ' ■■:.:■-.
■;„•. -... ... .-.: STORAGE. .■;.-.'?•:;. .-;■-
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage ' and Moving Co.,
office Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, : trunks, etc. v Golden > West Stor-
age Warehouse, 840 Mission st.;tel. Mint 1821.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE^
SPBCI &B«Tro& FOT? se:.vbd.
Fiat, l UST LIKE PAYING RENT.
' $1200, $1700, $1800. $2200. $2600, $3000. .
The above are tovely cottages which : have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of Installments, and they are now. offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4 R. 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date: almost new. and are located near schools
.re 2-nlnr to weed them out, and Invite
inspection MARCUSE & REMMEL, •-,
Bay-s_ station.. Alameda. and . 630 Market St..
Ban Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
ALAMEDA BARGAINS.
i $1300— Lot 33:4x100; neat house; 4. rooms and
bath; any terms. ■ •'■: -■' ''-".
$1500— Lot 25x150; nice house; 5 rooms and
a 52200a $22OO— Lot 25x147; nice new shingled 3-story
. house: 6 rooms and 2-story ; , . 7 rooms ; worth
$1500— Lot 40x100; 2-story; 7 rooms; wprth
* 252500-Lot2 $2S00-Lot 42xl5fr: elegant new modern cottage;
7 rooms and bath: up-to-date. _
$2500-Snap: lot 40x100; jnodern house 7 rooms
Lot 100x145; elegant corner lot. with » rooms
and bath, stable, fruit trees, etc. *"
A.ll well located; near school - and station;
street work done. Apply _ » ft co . ■
Houses to let.- 1432 Park St.. Alameda.
$1900 Nearly new 6-room house; modern im-
provements; lot 40x130; fine location.
$800— Lot 40x130 ; all street work done; first-
class location. .. ;•
$5500 — lots. 40x135; near Alameda: street
work done: a fine Investment. -
Call and see our list of bargains. &
E. D. JUDD & CO.,
1424 Park St., Alameda.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
CHOICE corner lot 100x125, all fenced; cost
owner $900; must be sold; cheapest lot in
Fruitvale. ..._»..«.
$GOO— Cottage of 3 rooms and bath; barn, car-
riage shed, windmill and tank; lot 60x100; all
fenced. . '
" Newly renovated cottage of 3 rooms and
basement; large barn, chicken house; lot 50x133;
only 3 blocks from Adeline Station, Oakland;
$50 cash, balance on easy terms.
$1200— House of 5 rooms and bath; barn,
chicken houses, fruit trees: lot 100x105; all
fenced; 3 blocks from Frultvale Station.
$1400— Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath,
7- foot basement, cement foundation: large
chicken house; lot 50x140; sewerage and city
water complete: easy terms If desired.
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station. Cal.
TWO acres choice fruit; new cottage 5 rooms;
bath; 7-foot basement; chicken house; arte-
sian well; windmill; tank house; Kencll
aye.. near power house, Eimhurst. H. A.
I'LEITNER, Fruitvale station. ■'•.-:.:-„■-.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
BRING along what you have to exchange for
the following properties, all good and free
from lncumbrance; will assume mortgage or
lay part cash in exchange:
410 acres in Fresno County
100 acres In Kern County, 10 miles from Ba-
kersfield •••
140 acres In San Diego County
80 acres In Oregon /.-.... -
160 acres in Kansas
40 acres 12 miles from Los Angeles
32 lots in Olympic City, Or ,
Call or address 455 Seventh st., Oakland.
t •• H. Z. JONES, Owner.
WANTED— CIear country property In exchange, j
for fine house and large lot in beautiful Ala- j
meda; value $3500. Address R. S. FALCO- !
NER & CO., Bay station. Alameda. __ |
FOR Exchange— ls6 acres fruit or grain land,
Improved, near Vacaville, for city property. i
Box 5. Vacaville. Cal.
~ MONEY TO LOAN.
LARGE sums to loan on mortgage of real es-
tate (city or country) for a fixed term, or re-
deemable by installments at exceptionally low
rates of Interest.
Special terms quoted for loans on life poli-
cies, interests under wills, & 2d & 3d mrtgs.
Promissory notes discounted and all finan-
cial business transacted. . ■• - ■
R. GOULD, 131 Montgomery st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commiss'.on: *no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14. ' . ■ .
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. - Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st.;_tel. Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest Interest. Room 68. 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates; no commission; $25 up:
private party. BONNELLI. 13& Powell it.
'ANY amount nt 6% per cent real estate: 3d
and 3d"'fnortKages, estates, real estate' in pro-
- bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
ON pianos, furniture, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
FIRST and second mortgages, estates: city and
country. J. W. WRIGHT. 633 Market st.
MONEY !o*.ne<: on furniture and pianos without
. removal. 205 Examiner building. .; .. •- ■■-■■:.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests. In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. C 36 Market St.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery ft.
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital to Invest. BYL-
, VAIN SALOMON, broker. 32S Montgomery st.
MONEY AVANTED. '
$*00 WANTED for one year: good security; 200-
acre ranch In Mendoclno: will pay Interest
In advance. Address R.. box 114, Call office.
~ HOUSES TO LET.
AT 715 Sutter, near Taylor— Unsurpassable for
Dr. or dressmaker: workroom 25x35; choice for
business and residence combined; Investigate.
HOWARD, 2300— Elegant modern residence of <>
rooms and bath; large basement; sun in every
room. Apply to EASTON _ ELDRIDOE.
HOUSE, 7 rooms and. bath; rent $18.. Apply
at 826 Eddy St. ■
HYDE, 1422— House 14 rooms and bath; rent
$40. - ■ ■ -
MASON, 809, near Pine— of 8 large sunny
rooms; bath and gas; low rent to good tenant.
NEW 6 and an 8 room house; marine view;
$27 60 and $30. Leavenworth el., nr. Lombard.
NICE houses and flats to rent; most desirable
locations; modern conveniences; reasonable
rents.
PL.INN. SANDERS & CO..
Real Estate Agents. 1
238 Montgomery- street.
OLIVE aye., 113. • near Polk and O'Farrell—
$25; 7 rooms and bath, three-story. .''■■■
RESIDENCE, 10 ' rooms, 703 Taylor St., near
Sutter: residence. 11 rooms, 607 Stockton st
' near Pine. Inquire room 614, Call building.
SCOTT. 251, near Page — Modern sunny house.
8 rooms, $35: water free; new.
TWENTY-THIRD. 2754, bet. Bryant and Hamp-
shire— 6 rooms; bath; large yard; modern Im-
provements. .
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flappole. BALDWIN _ HOWELL, 10 Mont-
: gomery st. .. - "..'. .-"
$12 SUNNY house 6 rooms: large yard and
. basement; in first-class condition; newly
- painted. 130S Jackson st., near Leavenworth.
Apply DOVER. TOY ' & SONNTAO.
FURNIS II E D~HOijSES~TO LET.
AN elegantly, newly furnished home. 9 room*,
bath; sunny side: Western Addition; Axmin-
' ster carpets; Oriental rugs; rich hangings;
choice etchings; Haviland china, etc. H.,
box i:.. Call office. ' ■".■••...•. W.
AN S-room modem house, completely fur-
nished. $45; adults only. Apply 112 Scott St..
near Halght. "
COTTAGES TO , LiJT.
4-ROOM cottage; nice cellar and yard. Apply
923 Shotwell st. '.":..' '.':'','.. : ' ■■;■
$10; BAY-WINDOW cottage of 4 rooms; water
free. 105 ; Collins St.. near Geary. . ;.
$20; MODERN cottage; of 6 rooms, yard, base-
ment. Treat aye., near Twenty-first st.;. key
'at 2353 Twenty-first St. " '■
FURNISHED FLATS.
FLAT of 3 sunny moms; furnished or unfur-
nished. 118 San Jose aye., nr. Twenty-fourth.
(•ROOM flat, nicely furnished, and bath. 11l
Fell St.'----- ' ■■- ' r ' : '"■ '-••— "■'• "■■'■
FLATS TO : LET.
APPRECIATED If seen ; j rarely, beautiful; N W.
■corner Sutter and Scott; 6 big. rooms arid
'- glazed porch; f or . NW. ' corner ■ Erie ,- and How-
* ard, near Thirteenth; 7 big rooms. and porch;
/■ rent reasonable; all flooded with sunshine. : r:-'~.
A— 4o flats: 3 nnd 4 rooms . :;"/. . . .'. ... . «M 7— sll
. A— 7o fiats; sto 7 rooms ... ....-..:. ...... $11— $20
20 new fiats (cheap) at SPECK _ CO.'S, 602
Market et. ;::■_.- - -- ; - ■_■-■■;.'.. .' : -..-
A NEW $35 flat, garret, garden; will let for $21;
magnificent marine : view; - near Pacific
Heights, School. 2719 Union : at. t- :...:~r~:,s
BEAUTIFUL flat of ;8 : room; : $30. » 1505 ' Geary
street. * ■■":■■■■ '--"■-■ : '' •■■■■'■ ■ ■■'■•■'■:-i'-j '■-'■■ '•■ '.'-'.■' . .. "
BR ANN AN, 422, near Third— nice , flats of ' 4
and 3 rms.' each: newly renovated: rent cheap:
■ BROADWAY. 1122 A —Upper/ flat. ; 4 choice sun-
: ny ■ rooms; modern Improvements; - $12. ;/ J ; -.
BRYANT, 1101— nice rooms; large yard; $3.
r FLATS TO LET— Continued.
CHOICE upper flat: 6 rooms, bath and large
basement. 536 Central aye., near Park pan-
handle; Hayes-st.' cars. - ,' -
CORNER, sunny, modern 5-room flat and bath;
rent $15. . 205 Diamond St.. cor. Nineteenth.
DEVISADERO, 12C3— Flat of 5 rooms, furnished
for housekeeping; yard; laundry, desirable.
ELEGANT -new flats, nearly ready, • 6 to 8
rooms, baths, sunshine in every room; $30.
$32 60, $35. NW. cor. Beulah and Shrader
sts., near Golden Gate Park. -•■-.-■
FULTON, Fine sunny middle flat, 7 rooms;
bath; near City Hall.-
GEARY. 1135, between Van Ness and Frank-
lin—Elegant modern upper flat 7 rooms; bath.
GROVE, 32— Flats of 4 and 6 rooms and bath;'
cheap. Apply forenoon. '■
HARRIET, 31. - off Howard, near ; Sixth— 4-
room flat and bath, $10. ■'
LARKIN, 2509— Lower flat of 5 rooms and bath;
large yard; $16. ■ ■=*■■"
LYON, 411, near Hayes— lower . flat 5
rooms; bath; $14; near Park. .
LYON, 617— Furnished flat of 6 rooms and bath;
-call forenoons. ..
LYON, 619— New, ' sunny flat of 6 rooms and
bath; near McAllister st. ' . '
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches' and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
NEW modern upper flat; 7 rooms; beautiful
view. ! Corner Jackson and Larkln sts.
NEW flat, 4 sunny rooms and bath. Apply at
531 Greenwich st. ■ . ■ .*"
OAK, 921 A —Nice flat, 6 rooms and bath: rent
reduced. $18; water free; nr. Park Panhandle.
O'FARRELL. 1913-1917 A —Sunny 8 and 4 room
flats; modern improvements: large grounds.
PEARL, 27, off Market, near Valencia— Sunny
upper flat of 3 rooms In rear; $7.. - .
RARE chance; a 5-roomed sunny flat; modern;
$17; also 6 or "-roomed for $20. Apply 112
Scott st.. near Halght. - ■ • ..-
POST, 625, near Jones — Flat of 7 rooms and
bath. * ■ -
SANCHEZ, 377, near Seventeenth— Upper flat
four sunny rooms; $9. "
SIX large sunny rooms -and bath; latest Im-
provements ; rent reasonable. 28 Shotwell st.
UPPER flat of 3 sunny rooms, hall and yard.
6Vi Bowie aye., off Eleventh st. -
UPPER flat of 5 nice sunny rooms and bath;
rent cheap. 1385 Vallejo st. ■ ■ '■
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, :> 10 Mont-
gomery st. '' ■ *: '•■'.' ' ' ■ '
2 AND 3 rooms furnished or unfurnished; very
central. 538 O'Farrell st.
2 SUNNY flats 4 rooms; rent $11 and $14. 6 A
and tv, Dearborn St., off 17th. above Valencia.
3 OR 4-room flat, with large yard; also fur-
nished room for single person. 11 Harlan
place, off Grant aye.. near Sutter.
6 ROOMS, bath; large stable; reasonable. 6Hi
Camp St., near Guerrero and Sixteenth.
5 ROOMS, new, sunny, modern; rent $21. 1067
Fell st., near Scott.
6 ROOMS and bath; use of stable. 3825 Twenty-
fifth st., near Dolores. ' ■__ •
$9— UPPER flat of -+. rooms; sunny side. 472
Linden aye., near Laguna st, :■ ■'.-]
$10— FLAT 4 rooms, hall, double ■ parlors. 18
Lexington aye., near Eighteenth st. ::*"'.
$12 60— UPPER flat; 4 sunny rooms. 730 Army
St., near Guerrero. ■':.'..
$16—5 rooms. 16 Cumberland St.. off Guer-
rero, between Nineteenth and Twentieth.
$16— SAN JOSE aye.. 143. nr. 24th— New modern
flat, 5 sunny rooms; gas, hot water, bath;
mirror re* "'Ms: tit. ■'•''• ■ -' - ■•
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUCHANAN. 602, corner Fell— Sunny bay-
window and kitchen complete; desirable; $12.
EDDY, 305 — Large sunny front room; private
family. - '.
EDDY. 632— Unfurnished sunny parlors; run-
- • ning water; porcelain bath; refs. exchanged.
EDDY, 502—2 furnished rooms on lower floor
for housekeeping; rent low. -'.■>■
ELLIS, 557—3 unfurnished . or partly furnished
■•1 sunny connecting rooms with bath. ■
ELLIS. Three rooms, complete for house-
keeping; In private family. __^
ELLIS, 801. cor. Polk— Large newly furnished
sunny - alcove and . housekeeping rooms; pri-
vate family. .
FIFTH 353—3 furnished housekeeping, $13; also
3 furnished, with bath. $20; single. $4.
FOLSOM, 513 Housekeeping rooms; one or
two; pleasant ..; rooms; bath. . -'"..">;■ >■'-
FULTON, 116 — Large gunny housekeeping
room ; $6.
GLEN PARK AYE.. 6. off Twelfth, near Mis-
sion— 3 unfurnished Bunny rooms; closets.
GEARY, 610 — Newly furnished - bay-window
. room; single rooms; also housekeeping rooms.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1059— sunny con-
unfuVnlshed rooms; hdUßekpg:. reas.
HARRISON. 731— 3 rooms, first floor, furnished
complete for housekeeping. $13.
HOWARD. 525—3 rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping; with sunny yard; reasonable.
HOWARD. 106S— Sunny rooms to let; housekeep-
ing, single and suites: rent reasonable.
HOWARD, 2006 A. .near Sixteenth— Nice fur-
nished housekeeping suites; new; $10, $13: gaa.
HYDE. 10004. corner Pine— or 5 sunny unfur- .
nished rooms. $15 and $18. ' ' '
LAFAYETTE. 81. bet: Eleventh and Twelfth—
4 unfurnished rooms: rent $12.
LAKE. 208, Sacramento-st. car— well fur-
• nished sunny rooms; bath: hot, cold w. ; $12.
LEAVENWORTH. 517. between O'Farrelland
• Gear}' — Two unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping; rent reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH, 606, near Geary—
furnished suite for light housekeeping; also
single rooms.
LEAVENWORTH, 1519— Flat of 5 rooms; gas;
■ bath sun ;■' rent $16. .■. ■ .. - -.-. ■ ''
LEWIS, 18, "off Taylor, near Post— Large sun-
ny room and kitchen unfurnished; .reasonable. .
MCALLISTER, 422 — 2 or 3 nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping. - ' ':' .
MINNA, 28— Front sunny housekeeping, rooms;
also single rooms. -.-- ■ -? - ■ -..-"■.' .
MINNA, 245 — 2 sunny unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; fine yard; also front furnished
room, cheap.
MINNA, 322 — 2 or 8 rooms complete for house-
keeping. . ■■' ••'
MISSION, 519— Large sunny furnished* rooma;
' housekeeping; $7 to $S per month. ■ ■ ■. .
MISSION," 561, ; near Second— Large ■ front room !
and kitchen complete housekeeping; : suita-
ble 2 or 3 adults. ; . '■ ■
MISSION. 834 — Front sunny housekeeping rooms
$S; also single rooms.
MISSION, 1219 — Sunny furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; no children.
MISSION. 1723^. near Thirteenth— Furnished
for housekeeping in private family; front
room and kitchen; use of piano; bath; laun-
dry: $10. , .
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins and Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant aye. • ■ .■-■•'■■
NATOMA, 608— or 3 furnished rooms; no other
roomers. .  ■ «■ ■ \
NATOMA, 645— Twp sunny furnished . rooms;
complete for housekeeping; $11. •,.■.'.
OAK. 12— Large sunny front room, suitable for
housekeeping: private family: cheap.
OCTAVIA, 155— Unfurnished extra desirable
sunny rooms; no children, j
OCTAVIA, 263. near Oak— 3 connecting. house-
keeping rooms; cheap: bath. ■ -■• '
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary — Sunny bay-win-
dow; gas stove; light, housekeeping;" $8. ';
POLK, 522— Sunny suite, housekeeping, unfur-
nished; also sunny ■ furnished , single; ._ cheap.'
POLK, 1002, corner Geary— Modern family apart-
■ ment : house: 3 rooms, first floor, completely
furnished, housekpng. . $26; 2, $15, $17 50; ref.
POLK. — Three unfurnished rooms; rent $8.
SACRAMENTO, 1631. near ; Polk— Three' sunny
■rooms for light ■ housekeeping; use of bath.
SHIPLEY,- 259. :. near Sixth and Howard — 4
; rooms; $6: no children; ' no animals. ' .-
SOUTH PARK, 184— Two : large • sunny rooms
.-.;•. nicely furnished ■ for housekeeping. ' ■ \-.'.. •.-,; j
BUTTER. 1148— sunny suite or 3 rooms for
.■■light housekeeping;, gas,, bath ..moderate.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3186.' near Howard— of
■ : nicely - furnished ; flat ■ with * piano ; . cheap. «.*-■'-■ . .
TURK. - 405— Sunny j furnished light housekeep-
. ; ing rooms; also others; . $6 and $8. ;
VALENCIA, : 1154, : : near - Twenty-second— Fur.'
-. con. ; . rooms; sunny, with sink and. closets.
VAN NESS aye.7 1021, near Geary— sunny
. suite. -2 rooms and kitchen; gas, range.' .
OAKLAND /HOUSEKEEPING > ROOMS.
WINDSOR ; Hotel — Rooms I without •' board ; ac-
;. commodations for rooking. 9th & Washington.
: :.::':}}■'■'".■} ROOMS TO LET. ; ;
ARLINGTON House, 127 J Kearny Pleasant
-;v sunny rooms, ;en suite; and single; first-class
jrln every respect; terms reasonable. ': . : -/_
ROOMS TO „. LET— Continued.
APARTMENTS; : quiet, homelike: reasonable:
Com. 'Transfer Co., 22 Stockton • st. trunks
moved to any, part of city, 25c; tel. Main 49.
SELECT home; ■ Hotel j Florence, 102 1 Ellis,
jj cor. Powell ; j elevator; baths; best * attention.
A— STOCKTON. 242 — First-class sunny front
| rooms; suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo.
AT 416 O'Farrell— Sunny rooms; suites: single;
by day, week or mo. ; baths, running water. ; .
AT 147 Powell, 211 O'Farrell — Rooms by the
day, week or month; very reasonable. ■ > :
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter 715-717-719, -829%. and Mason
407— Choice; sunny; reasonable; Investigate.
BEAUTIFUL front bay-window room, with
■ closet: large storeroom ;■ bath ; California and
Polk sts.; $10. Box 232. Call office.
BUSH, 613 (The Grenoble)— Nicely, furnished
rooms, single or en suite; central; reasonable.
BUSH, 700%, corner Powell— Nice sunny fur-
nished corner suite; also single, $6; gas; bath.
BUSH, 700%,' corner Powell— sunny fur-
nished rooms; gas and bath; reasonable.
BUSH, 1124— Elegant home; large rooms; run-
_■ ning water;, bath; single room, $8; grounds.
CALIFORNIA, 1320— Pleasant . sunny parlors;
- single rooms; board optional; reasonable.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Sunny, suites !
and single rooms; prices reasonable. |
DELAWARE," 1433 . Market— Furnished or un- j
furnished single and double rms.; IS, $10 mo. i
EDDY. 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms 50 cents to !
. $1 per, night; $2 to $6 a week; families.
EDDY, 329—2 unfurnished basement rooms. $5;
also furnished front room, $S. . ■
ELLIS. 327— Pleasant rooms in refined family I
for elderly man and. wife; also accommoda-
tion for several young men; reference required.
ELLIS. 516— Modern lovely front alcove; single |
rooms, $8 and $5. j
ELLIS, 697— Sunny parlor suite; single room;
; also 2 rooms for light housekeeping.
ELLIS, 639. cor. Larkln— Bay window alcove,
> mantel, gas, bath; gents preferred. |
ELLIS, 706, near Larkln— Nicely furnished large j
sunny front room; gas; bath; $8 a month.
ELLIS, 927. near Van Ness— Handsomely fur-
nished sunny rooms; private family; reas.
FIFTH, 309 — Large sunny corner room; run-
ning water: other rooms; also housekeeping.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, 406—1, 2 or 3 nice unfurnished or with ;
carpets down rooms or offices; reasonable.
GEARY, Gentleman desiring to live in sun-
- shine, call and see corner suite. E. A. HOP-
•- KINS. '■■-■;■■•:-■- ■■•■ • -- ■'■' -■•■•■ '
GEARY. Neatly ■ furnished sunny suites, j
. privilege of light housekeeping; others; bath. |
GEARY, 736— Two cozy single rooms nicely j
furnished; bath; $4 and $5. j
GIRARD House, 192 Seventh, near Howard-
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to !
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars. j
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and j
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en. suite and ;
single; elevator; moderate rates;: families.
GRANT - AYE.. -17— Nice front suite: : single
rooms, ■ housekeeping rooms; transient solic-
: ited. '.- v >"/■'.■:: 'I- ■■. g'Ai-<- ••»-■■: ■- *.■'■•.:
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, Finely furnished sunny I
rooms; bath; all conveniences; quiet home; i
$1 week. ■ ' : -- : ' :".': ".' i
HAYE9, Very large sunny comfortable
room, with grate, with or without board; reas. i
HILLSDALE, 33 Sixth 'st.— Sunny suite for j
housekeeping; suite for 3 gents; reasonable. ,
JULIAN aye., 78— Furnished sunny room,, suit- ;
able for 1 or 2; board If desired; reasonable. !
LARKIN. ' — Sunny ' front room; . nice and j
clean, private house; for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
LEAVENWORTH, 411— Sunny parlor suite, suit- ;
' able for 2 gents or couple; also unfurnished. !
MASON. 402— Large front room, $6; also house- j
keeping rooms; bath;- private family. I
MINNA, 327, close to Fourth— Very neatly fur- |
nlshed sunny rooms;. rent reasonable. . *
MINNA, 450— Single furnished room with large
. closet; rent $4. . .
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— furnished
lay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, — Large sunny nicely furnished i
rooms; also 2 single rooms; rent reasonable.
MISSION, 1055— Nice suite 2 rooms, suitable
. light housekeeping or 3 gents; rent moderate.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches Jewelry I
and sealskins at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
ATOM A, 319—2 housekeeping rooms; furnish-
ed or unfurnished.
OCTAVIA. 155— Unfurnished or furnished sunny,
handsome parlors: no children.
.O'FARRELL, — Sunny furnished rooms; ele- :
vator; electric lights; day, /eek or month.
'O'FARRELL, 1301 — Large sunny front room, |
' suitable for 2 gentlemen: private family.
PAGE. 802, corner ■ Pierce— Nicely furnished I
. eunny rooms: bay windows; newly renovated;
1 block from Haight st.; 5 car lines handy;
terms reasonable. ]
PERRY. 174 — Large furnished room, . eunny, ■
suitable for man and wife, with bath. !
PINE, : 910 — Nice sunny rooms to let, en suite
or single. ...."".,.. , . '■ . . I
PINE. 1427— Nice front room In quiet family for
1 or 2 gentlemen; references. ■ I
POLK, 1205, near Sutter— Nice sunny rooms, '
single or en suite; moderate rent.
POST, 909 — Pleasant sunny rooms; single and
double ; newly furnished quiet neighborhood.
POWELL, 317. formerly Cosmos Club— i
gantly, furnished rooms: reasonable. |
POWELL, Furnished room in private i
family: rent cheap. ■ j
SCOTT, 113— 2 : large sunny connecting rooms; i
partly furnished; gas; alcove; bath.
SEVENTH. , Large single sunny front fur-
:. pished room; cheap.. . . .: • .... .
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St., '
l near Market— Furnished and } unfurnished.
SIXTH, 216%— Quiet and respectable and family
. rooms; reasonable "... .-■■.- ■ .'■ • I
SUTTER. 309— Pleasant sunny rooms; nice and j
. clean; terms reasonable. . I
SUTTER. 426— Large eunny front room, nicely |
furnished: gent or couple; refs. exchanged. ;
TAYLOR, 407— Large sunny furnished room for ;
gent; also furnished flat for housekeeping.
THIRD, 404 (The Sterling)— sunny front
single rooms; extra large housekeeping; -reas.
•THIRD, 50S— Large sunny front room for 1 or 2
gents; also . single , room. ... . --,
VAN NESS aye., 509— Exceptionally large, new- \
ly furnished 'bay-window room: sun all day; !
' opportunity for gentleman desiring home In ;
.' private family ; tele. : modern conveniences.
VAN NESS, 936— Pretty room: hot and cold;
gas: . bath; $10; larger one, $15.
VAN NESS aye., 1109— Front sunny suite; , hot
and cold water; reasonable. -
WENDT Hotel, 22 Sacramento— Best rooming
house on water front;- single 25c up: week $1
1 up; fine rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
, ROOMS AND BOARD.
ALCOVE sunny, for gent and wife; also single
room; private family. Box 229, Call office, j
AT HYDE, 408— Sunny single room, with board i
$18: also alcove room; rea.; private family.
EDDY 600, • corner Hyde— Sunny front room
suitable for 2; other rooms; $20 up.
ELLIS Nice, sunny rroms with first-class
. table board; use of parlor, piano; $20 up.
' ELLIS ' 826 — Nice sunny suite, suitable for 3 or
4 gents, with or without board.
FOLSOM. 611— Swedish private . boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice, location.
FOLSOM, 1530— Nicely femiahed room,' with
board ; . private family: convenient. -^
GEARY. 501— Room and board; $20 , per month.
GRART, Newly ■ renovated ' handsomely
• furnished rooms with good French board.
HYDE, Sunny alcove, hot. cold water, with
:. board; also single room; private; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 742 — Very best board; pleasant
parlor, with pla»o: everything entirely new.
SOUTH PARK, :159— Good table board. • $3 pcr r
week; with nice, sunny, front room. $4 week
THE HEATH. 312 Eddy— Select family . board -
ing house; • first-class all appoint ' hot
water every room: home cooking; terms mod.
VALENCIA, 1070 (The Irving)— Family boardg. ;
warm belt; large grounds: sunny rooms: reas.
VAN '■ NESS ; aye.. ; 519— Sunny ; furnished i suites
and single rooms: first-class table * board. y •
VAN NESS aye., 712— Large sunny front suites;
■._' single rooms: first-class, table board. : - .... ■
VAN NESS aye.,' Large sunny. front single
. ■ rooms: other rooms; good table board. .- . -<■
VAN NESS aye., Sunny rooms with board;
private family: near Bush' st. • -
: ,: v ..;■;■,;;--.■. TO: LEASE..- ; s ,;'- .""
T^ilE^ol'd^uTldTnir^oTTne ~y7^l~cT~A?T~23l
Sutter st. ; ; long - lease ; •: very : low i terms; • can
'■'- be rented as a .whole , or; in • divisions; , large
and splendid location; no reasonable rent re-
l fused. Apply to MADISON..& BURKE. C-T ~
TO >LEAS2^-Furnlshed* I hotel " near city: good
* opportunity. R. T. WARD — CO., ;«08; «08 Clay, j
-■" ■ :. T '"■'"■■ V v .-■.■". ■ i., ■ '. ■ '--■-.-", -'■ ' ' -. ■■'-.- .;■ ' ;
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; good
home and care; near school. ,R.i, r .i Clara st.
CHILDREN or infants boarded, mother's care;
references; moderate. 2126 Magnolia St., Oaklnd
EXPERIENCED nurse " will take . infant . or
• young child to board. . 2902 . Sixteenth, corner
Howard. ..■--■-
CHILDREN or infants boarded; mother's care;
references; moderate. 234% Sixth st.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady would like 1 or
2 children to board. 30 Willow aye., nr. Eddy.
RESPECTABLE German lady wishes to board
2 children; mother's care; reas'able. 524 Turk.
STORES TO LET.
CORNER store on O'Farrell St.. suitable for a
■ bakery; oven, etc.; choice location; rent very
low. HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post St.
FINE store, living rooms; fit for any business;
1007 Larkln St.; $14. Apply 102 Eddy st.
FOR rent— Large, rociny building, suitable for
wood and coal, hay and grain, general pro-
duce business; good location: low rent. In-
quire room 614, . Call building. .
STORE to let— 44B Third st.
$9— STORE and living room at 337 Noe St.; pros-
perous neighborhood. ' __^,
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles— C | only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
. anteed: any diseases or irregularity: disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though -.else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted ; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write: free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2.
SELF-CURE can be sent for female trouble:
no matter from what cause and of how long
standing; every woman her own physician;
restores always in one day; safe and sure;
no medicine or Instruments used: consulta-
tion free; saves disgrace: pills and capsules,
$1: cure, $5. By the well-known specialist,
practical physician for 37 years, Dr. POP-
PER, 318 Kearny st. *
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive: price $1 50 per box, - sent free by
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye., S. .F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
DR. WISE, late of Bellevue Hospital, "N. V. ;
offices, Hackmeier Hotel. 123 Eddy st. : hours
9 to 11, 2 to 5 and. 6 to S; consult him for
treatment on all diseases peculiar to women;
patients assured first-class medical attend-
ance, besides enjoying privacy of home with
experienced attendants; strictest confidence
maintained in all cases; consultation free.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (f-om whatever cause)
- in a few hours; safe nnri sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used;
travelers helped at once: home In confine-
ment; every case guaranteed; consultation
free and confidential: self-cure, $5; pills, $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 208 Turk St.. near Jones.
LADIES, Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe,* reliable; : take
'.no other: send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mail; at
druggists.' Chichester Chemical Co., Phila.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause: no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped instantly;
home for patients; consult free: confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: private home In confinement, with every
■comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate: infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express CO. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
SKIN disease from whatever cause radically
cured within two weeks; no pay asked until
cured. Address G. A., box 7123, Call office.
LADIES, my monthly regulator cannot fall ;
box free. MRS. B. ROWAN. Milwaukee, Wls.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife: home In confine-
ment; confinement alone, $5. 156 Second st.
LADIES— Dr. Puetz; infallible, safe reme-
dies; 38 years' . experience. 254 Fourth st.
DR. HALL, 1228 Market St., diseases of women
and children.
CARPET CLEANIXG.
CITY Steam ' Carpet-cleaning Works — Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama Bt. ; tel. S. 40.
I ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st ;
| tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor.
iJ. MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 453
Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaid at 3c.
ETRATTON, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. : tel. East 126.
. ATTORNEYS AT LAW. . - ''
j-^.j-^,-.-, .-.- ■ . -i . . . .i . _
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; cciiections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktr..
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkln.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St. ___
L. 8. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consutatlon free; no. fees In advance.
—LEGAL NOTICES.
REFEREE'S sale In partition— ln the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, Department No. 1.
THOMAS F. DUNN, Plaintiff, vs. LAW-
RENCE DUNN et als., Defendants. Cause
No. 62. 117.
Notice is hereby given that under and in
pursuance of the Interlocutory decree In par-
tition and order of sale heretofore duly mada
and given in the above-entitled court and
cause,- and thereafter, to wit, on the 6th 'day
of April. ISSS, duly entered of record therein,
by which said interlocutory decree of Bald
court, the undersigned, ■G. H. Umbsen, was
appointed by consent in open court of all the
parties to said action, as sole referee in said
cause, for the purpose of making sale of the
real property hereinafter described, and by
which said decree It was directed that said
real property be sold at public auction in the
manner required by law. the undersigned, a3
. such referee, will, on Monday, the 12th day
of September, IS9B, at the hour of twelve (12)
o'clock m. , at the real estate office and sales-
rooms of G. . H. Umbsen & Co.. at No. 14
Montgomery street. in the City and County of
San Francisco, State of • California, sell at
public auction in separate parcels to the
highest bidder for cash In United States gold
coin, and subject to confirmation by said Su-
perior Court, those certain lots, pieces or par-
.' ; eels of real property situate, lying and being
In said City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, and bounded and de-
scribed as follows, to wit: ••
First— Commencing at a point on the north-
erly line of Minna street, three hundred and
ninety-six feet northeasterly from the north-
easterly • corner of Third and Minna streets,
thence northeasterly on the line of and front-
ing on Minna street twenty-five (25) feet,
thence at right angles northwesterly ., eighty
(80) feet, thence at right angles southwesterly
twenty-five - (25) feet, thence at right angles
southeasterly eighty (SO) feet to Minna street
and the point of beginning, being a portion of
lot number ten of the One Hundred Vara Sur-
vey, as lad down on the official map or the
City and County of San Francisco, and being
a subdivision of said one hundred vara lot.
— Commencing ;at a point formed by
the intersection of the southerly line of Paga
street with the westerly line of Octavla street,
running thence southerly alone: said line of
Octavia street forty (10) feet, thence at right
angles westerly eighty-seven and six-twelfths
! <S7 6-12) feet, thence at right angles northerly
forty (40) feet, thence at right angles easterly
eighty-seven and six twelfths (87 6-12) feet to
the point of commencement, being a part of
-';• Western Addition block number two hundred
• and twelve (212). .
• - Third— Commencing at a point on the north-
westerly line of Minna street, distant thereon
two hundred and seventeen : (217) feet south-
westerly from the " northwesterly corner. ■or
Second and Minna streets (said point of com-
mencement being the northeasterly corner of
New Montgomery and Minna streets), running
thence northerly at right angles with- Minna
' street and along the easterly line of ■ New
' Montgomery street eighty (SO) feet, • thence
at right angles easterly and parallel , with
-Minna street fifty-nine and »ix-tweltth3
(59 6-12) feet, thence at right angles southerly
V and- parallel . with New Montgomery street
eighty (SO) ' feet to the northwesterly line of
Minna street, ana thence at right angles
•westerly alone the northwesterly, line of
- Minna street fifty-nine and r six-twelfths
(59 6-12) feet to the point of commencement,
being ' a subdivision ■of , the . one hundred vara
lot number eight (S). *- .., ■■-:. ,
■. • — Commencing at . the ■ northwest cor-
ner of Sanchez and Duncan streets, running
thence westerly along the northerly, line of
'■■ Duncan street eighty; (SO) feet, thence north-
erly and parallel with Sanchez street on.» hun-
dred and fourteen; feet (114) feet, thence east-
V erly parallel r with Duncan street eighty ' (SO)
a ' feet to Sanchez street, thence ' southerly alon<
• the westerly : line of . Sanchez street one ■ hun-
:'■ ' dred ■■ and ■;■; fourteen -. (114) * feet to , Duncan
V street, the « point of commencement, . together
■ with 'the improvements : thereon. ■; . ■ - '
, Terms and conditions of sale: Ten (10) per
cent of the purchase price to be paid >to the
. referee jon each parcel sold •at the ." time 'of
sale Balance of purchase price " upon - con-
'• . firmation of sale by said Superior Court and :
delivery of deed: - .. : -
Dated this 19th day. of August. 1888. :
. .. ■■-... a v . " • G.H. UMBSEN.'
. Sole . Referee 7 Appointed ; by Said . Superior :
. Court. DINKELSPEIL & GESFQRD, 1 -
DINKELSPEIL & OEPFORD,
- Attorneys" for Plaintiff. . No. 803 Claus Spreck-
els 'Building,"^ San Francisco. : ... /
1314
EDUCATION
VOCAL Instruction— ANNlS MONTAGUE
TURNER: correct and natural production of
the voice, based on natural and artistic prin-
ciples; terms beginning August 13 and after;
lessons by the month or quarter. I For terms
apply personally or by letter to 930 Burn St.,
near Jones.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1852; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 721 Market St.;
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, penn.anshlp, English
branches and special course for Civil Service
examinations, etc.: life scholarship. J5O; low
rates per week and month. >■'•<'■
SPANISH lessons given; also English branches
taught; special attention to backward pupils;
low terms. 910 Clay st., Oakland.
A LADY teaches piano and mandolin thor-
oughly; 50c an hour; excellent pianist and ac-
companist for entertainments and vocalists.
1209 Octavla st.
UNIVERSITY Coast— Newell Perry, Ph.B., Fel-
low in Mathematics. U. C, 2407 S.-Atherton,
nr. Charming way. Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing rr.oc'n. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.;
est.' 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 533 Market.
EVENING classes, civil service, bookkeeping,
shorthand, English, violin. Ayres" Business
College.
PIANO taught In 6 months; new. quick
'method; J2 50 per month. Box 227. Call office.
LAW schools— 9o6 Broadway, Oakland; 6 Eddy.
room 59, city: day and night.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeara
classes: prl. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman, 1234 Bush.
ROBERT TOLMIE, pianist, has resumed
teaching at 1003 Suiter st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically i
taught; short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND taught In 1 month; references; !
private lessons; term* $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
PIANO and German lessons. 75c; pupil of Con-
servatory In Leipsic. 110 Hyde st.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary st.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years; \
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work !
our specialty; fillings. B0c; crowns, %'i 50; all j
work, painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132. j
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent- j
Ist. discoverer of painless extraction and |
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth j
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $3 up: fillings, 25c up; all work '
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market st., cor. Sixth.
bit. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market et., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and filling a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. 963 Mission, cor. Sixth.
PAINLESS filling a specialty. DRS. PERRY |
& CHRISTIE. S Mason st.. cor. Market. I
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage license? have been Issued as follows:
James E. McGrath and Grace Brown 22-18 ■
Martin F. O'Brien and Loretta J. O'Neill. 26- 23
Charles L. Olson and Ragnhlld Jensen 33-21
Relnold J. Jones and Clara C. Manders 24-20
G. J. Schmolz and Frances Weisheimer.. 2l-20
James S. Spilman and Elizabeth Brewer..
James D. McNair and 15*11 C. Mcßeyaolds. 3l-27
E. G. Cheesman and Maltllde N. Ke1t0n..25-20
~^IRTHS— MARRIA&E3—DEATBA "
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will net be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices I
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
nonx.
BARKER— In this city, to the wife of Joseph
Barker, a son.
ROVE— In this city, to the wife of Jo- ■
seph Cosf;rove, a son.
COCHRAN— In this city. August 1. IR9S. to the \
wife of Robert E. Cochran, a daughter.
COYLE— In this city. August 16. 1898, to the .
wife of W. F. Covle, a daughter.
DAVIS— In this city. August 15. 1898. to th» |
wife of T. D. Davis, a son.
HARVEY— In this city. August 19. 1898, to the |
wife of Norval P. Harvey, a son.
HOQAN— In this city. August 17, 189S, to the j
wife of James Hosan, a son.
LEOTARD- In Berkeley, August 9. IS9S, to the |
wife of John S. Ledyard, a ("auphter.
McKENNA— In this city. August 19, 18.8, to the
wife of Lawrence McKenna. a daughter.
HcPHILLIPS— In this city. August 17. 1898, to
the wife of W. McPhtltlps, a daughter.
MILLER— In this city. July 22. IS9S, to the wlf>
of Robert Miller, a daughter.
MOFFATT— In Alameda, to the wife of Hugh :
M''fTntt, a 808.
MOROENSTERN— In this city, August 17, 1898, i
to the wife of B. Morjjenrtern, a son.
ROGERS— In this city, August 15, 1898, to the
wife of Clarence Rogers, a daughter.
BCHRAM— In this city, August 14, 1898, to the
wife of Fred Charles Schram, a son.
WINTER— In this city, August 14, 1898, to the ;
wife of J. T. Winter, a son.
UAKRIEU.
BURKE— BERGEVIN— In this city, June 27, i
IS 5, at St. Brendan's <~"hurch. b<- the Rev. !
Father Quinn. Harry A. Kurke and Lena Ber- i
Kevin, both of Kan Francisco.
GLiiSK— AVARNKEN- Anton Glosk and Clara j
AVarnken.
DIED.
Adams. Ella I>. Mclntyre, James
Cariton, Harriet C. Quint. Kenneth D.
Cooler, Minnie t>. Salomon, Minnie
Crellin. Delina Scribner. Nina A.
Dodg^e. Mrs. H. M. Sorensen, Keno A.
Dodge. Officer AY. .1. Sullivan, Mary
Donnelly. Peter E. Thaden. Mrs. Bertha
Foster. Theresa Tonjes, Christopher
Hardle, Philip A'orpl, F. William
Hollenbeck. .Nathan AVade. Emily 8.
Hopkins. Thomaa .1. AVarburton, Samuel
Huls^mann. Frederich West, AVilliam H. J.
Kull. Mrs. Iyiuise
ADAMS-In this city. August 19. IS9B, Ella L..,
dau>rht»r of Mr. and Mrs. L. S. Adams of
875 Push street.
CTFuneral and interment strictly private.
CARLTOX— In this city, August 13. i 9S. Har-
riet C, widow of Captain Daniel Cariton. a
native of A'ermont. aced 7? v<- ar p. For 47
yeara a resident of Fan Francisco.
[LTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services at the First Con-
prejfational Church, corner Mason and I'. *t
streets, to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock.
Interment private, in I^aurel Hill Cemetery.
COOLEY- In Ravenswood. San Mateo County.
Cal.. August 2». IS9B. Minnie Louise, be-
loved wife of Captain AY. L.. (»< ley, and
only daughter of Mr. and Mrs. E. P. Rowe.
CC7" The funerai services will be held
at the Presbyterian Churrh. Menlo Park,
to-morrow (Monday), at 10:30 o'clock. In-
torrnent In T'nlon Cemetery, Redwood City.
CRELLIN— In Oakland. August 19. ISM. Delink,
wldnw the lat" John Crrllln. a native of
Maine, aired 80 vpars 3 months and 24 days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances axe respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. lOfil Oak street. Oakland. Interment
private.
DODGE— In Oakland. Cal.. August IS. 189S,
Mrs. Henrietta SI. Dodiye, beloved mother of
Clinton G.. Lliltan B. and Edward C. Dodge,
a native of Bainbridge, N\ A., ageil 70 yearn.
fCTFriends and acqua'ntnnces are respect-
fully invite-.l to attend the funeral service*
this day 1 Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the Church
of the Advent, corner Twelfth av*nue and
East Sixteenth street. Bast Oakland. Inter-
ment Mountain A'iew Cemetery.
DODGE— In this city. Augrust 20. IS9B, Officer
AA'illlam J. Dodge, beloved husband of Annie,
and father of Willie I>od;?e. a native of Cali-
fornia, aped -10 years 3 months and 3 days.
(CT Notice of funeral hereafter.
DONNELLY— In this city, August IS, 1898,
Peter E., dearly beloved husband of Mary
Donnelly, and father of Irene and Harold
Donnelly, and son of the late Ann and
Thomas Donnelly, a native of Ran Francisco
teed 31 years and fi months.
tT5 r Frie:;.-lH and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 16C Decatur street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 8 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
FOSTER— In this city, August 18, 18<«S, Theresa,
beloved wife of Charles M. Foster, nvther of
Charlotte Lillian Foster, and sister of Maria
Katz. Lizzie Johannessen and Alfred
Schwartz, a native of Kan Francisco, aged
24 years ?■ months and 2 days.
(C7"Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sun-
day), at 2 o'clock, at her late residence. 710
Taylor street, between Sutter and Hush.
OFFICERS and members of I-a Estrella Par-
lor No. &?. N. D. Q. AY. — You are hereby no-
tified to assemble at Native Sons' Hall. 414
Mason Street, this day (Sunday), at 1
o'clock, for the pur-p 1""*1 ""* of : tt»nding the fu-
neral of our !nt. b- lived sister, Mrs. T. Fos-
ter. By order at
MRS. A. AIGELTINGER. Pres.
ALICE MAUNDER, Bee. Sec.
lIARDIE— In this city, August 17. IS9S, Philip
Hardle, a native of South Carolina, ajjed
4S years.
HOLLENBECK- -Tn Oakland, August IS, 1838.
Nathan Ho'.lenbrck, n native of California,
aged 22 year? .'irid 9 months.
CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Twenty-sixth and Peralta streets.
Oakland.
HOPKINS— In this city, August 20, 189 S.
Thomas J., beloved son of Ellen and Peter
Hopkins, and brother of John, Kate, James,
Agnes, Monica, Richard, Ella, Peter, Ger-
trude and Alice Hopkins, a native of San
Francisco, aged 25 years 1 month and 15
day-.
| HULSMANN— In Brooklyn. N. V.. August 7.
IS9S, Frederich ('., dearly beloved son of
Frederich H. and .Tuliane Hulsmann, and
brother of Johanna. Augusta, Otto and Edna
Hulsinann and Mrs. F. W. Roehl. a native
of San Francisco, aged 12 years 1 month and
25 days.
KULL —In this city. August 19, 1898. Mrs.
Ijouise. beloved wife of the late John Kull,
and dearly beloved mother of Mrs. J. Hettler,
Mrs. R. Cranz and John. Amllie and George
Kull. a native of V.'urtemherg. Germany,
aged C 7 years 9 months and 22 days.
K?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the resid2nce of
her daughter. Mrs. J. Hettler. 1 Golden place,
oft' Golden Gate avenue, between Hyde and
Larkin streets. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
McINTYRE— In this city, August 20. 1898,
James, beloved son of Mary E. and the late
P. Mclntyre. a native of San Francisco, aged
22 years and 2 days.
CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street. Inter-
ment Mount ORlvary Cemetery.
QUINT— In Alameda. August 19. IS3B, of diph-
theria. Kenneth Douglas, beloved son of
Douglas M. and Jessie Wall Quint, aged 2
years C months and 10 days.
j SALOMON— In this city. August 20. 1898. Min-
nie, beloved daughter of Governor Edwin S.
Salomon, and sister of Ben I. and Dr. Max
Salomon. Mrs. M. M. Stern and Miss Annie
Salomon, a native of Olympia. Wash., aged
26 years 5 months and 29 days.
(C?" The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of Mr. M. M. Stern, 121 Frederick
street, between Masonic avenue and Ash-
bury street, thencp hy train leaving Twenty-
fifth nnd Valencia streets depot at 11:35
o'clock to New Salem Cemetery for inter-
ment.
SCRIBNER— In this city. August 19, 1898,
Nina A., dearly beloved wife of S. R. Scrlb-
I ncr, and dearly beloved mother of Frank and
Mina Rose, a native of the State of New
York, aged 4 s . years S months and 13 days.
E^Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of the Gantner <fc Guntz Undertaking
Company. S and 10 City Hall square. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SORENSEN— In this city. August 20. 1898. Reno
Augustlno, beloved son of S. N. and
Anii.i Scrensen. a native of California, aged
4 months and 21 days.
SULLIVAN— In this city, August 19, 1898.
Mary, beloved wife of John F. Sullivan, and
sister of Anne Kilmartin, a native of Bally-
lander, County Limerick, Ireland, aged 65
years.
IT7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:80 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 12 Freelon street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the rep"se of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
THADEN— In this city, August 20. 189 S. Mrs.
Bertha Thaden, a native of Germany, aged
Til years.
TONJES— In this city, August 20. 1898, Chriß-
topher Tonjes. cousin of Martin Tonjes and •
Claus Sllvlster. a native of Germany, aged |
60 years 2 months and 24 days.
C?"FrlenJs and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
Martin Tonjes, southeast corner of Union and j
Mason streets. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
VOGEL— In Alameda. Aupust 19. IS9S. F. Wil-
liam Yogrel. a native of Blumenthai, Ger-
many, r.sred D 2 years. (San Rafael papers
please copy.)
(C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funpral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Henry Evers, FG.' Washington street. Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
WADE— In East Oaklnnl. August 20, IS9B,
Emily Pelina. beloved wife of John Wade,
and mothpr of Mrs. W. Rapson, a native of
England, aeed 53 years and 9 months. (Sac-
ramento papers please CO] y I
E7Notlce of funeral in Monday's papers.
WEST— In this city. August 19. ISSS. William
Herbert John, beloved husnand of Celestlnf
\Vf?i, and father of Leonie and William
Herbert West, a native of England, aged
54 years. A member of National Lod^e \ .
30. I. O. O. F.. New York City. (New York
City papers please copy.)
CT'Frier.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from Memorial Hall,
Odd Fellow« building. Seventh and Market
streets Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
W'ARHI'RTON— In this city. AURUst 18, IS9S.
Samuel Warburton. a native of England,
nged 49 years and 10 months.
[E5 Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this clay (Sunday),
at 2 o'clock, at the Masonic Temple, corner
Post an 1 Montgomery Btreeta under the aus-
pices of California Lodge No. 1, F. and A.
M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
McAVOY & GALLAGHER.
tFUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMHALAIERS
I 20 riFTE ST., opp. Lincoln School.
JAB. ENGLISH. T. H. CAREW.
CAREVV & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND KM BALMEK&
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van Ness »v«., near MarxeC «-. Saa
Francisco. Telephone So. 154.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN' HOTEL.
Col E R Knox, Stock J B Williams. Angels
\V W Cureton. Term H Haley. Fresno
A C McQown, N V 0 It Judge, Visalla
E M Snyder, Denver |J Fratcr, Seattle
H Olsen. lowa US F Leonard, L Ang
L Lebercr, Haywards E Williams. Fresno
C Ii i.ai '.a! linger, Wai O A \V doorman. Wash
W H MatheWß. S Jose Miss M Lee. Detroit
W Peterson, Petalumn Mrs M Plerson, Mich
G S Hanion, S Rosa Miss Magesse, Mich
W C Jaquith, Concord
PALACE HOTEL.
H Low, New York £ t.T A Tally & w. Mo
E L Van Court. Neb J S Nanson & w. Mo
M T Sherry. Troy \V G Hargraves, Cal
E Warren. Troy W E Bliss, New York
W X Guthrie & w, Cal G E Mac Lean & w.Neb
J M L:ik«ndu. Cal C A Guernsey, Chicago
A T Rei; Chile G J Atkins, Chicago
Mrs AA" P Hole. Mo J M Shephard, Illinois
Miss Hole, Missouri XV I) Douglas, Manitob
F M Angelottl. Cal Mrs Douglas. Manitoba
H H Pitcher, Livermr E W Runyon, Cal
W O Spaulding, Mass W T Smith. Elko
R Pollard. Pittsburg J3 D Wood, N V
.1 M Rumbaugh. Pa (5 P. Ellis & w. Redlds
W A Griffith. Pa Miss C Stevenson, Cal
R Smith, Oregon Miss Stevenson. Cal
J Bateman Jr. Phila F Stevenson. Cal
C Hayden. Stanford N Blackstoek, Ventura
Miss S Hayden, Stanfd L Dumarest, France
C E O'Neill. N V Lieut Codie. USA
E A Bower. N J A Anderson. Su'sun
E S Babcock, Cal W H Pahl, Wisconsin
H J Waters. Los An? IW Kendrick. Los Ang
,T R Newberry. Ls Ang |W Sllverstone. Ls Ang
E P Johnson, Los AnglJ W Knox, Merced
} BALDWIN HOTEL.
Mrs Carpenter, Stkn A Cassldy, Cal
Mrs Henry, Stockton Lieut Milan, USA
C Herbert&w, Oakland J Wells Centerville
E Rossor & w, Vallejo F J Wilson. Oakland
AY Oldham; Stockton G E Drucker. Oakland
O P Dane. S Rosa G Darbly. Oakland
G King & w, Bcnlcia Mrs Van Ordell, Or
N Tallam & w. Nev A Steeway & w. Or
S AY Earhart, Napa Mrs Hawkins, Oregon
C C Mansfield. Napa G W Baker. Oregon
J H Beers, Chicago Mrs [croft, Oregon
F AVlsell, Philadelphia W Rutherford, Omaha
G - Curtis & w. S Jose J Mac Donald, Omaha
R G Tye, N V II Shlmpton, St Lake
A G Ames, Gait T Clayton. Salt Lake
S Hauser, Salinas W G Gentz, Phoenix
J O'Brien, Mnry»vllle S AA' Meyerfleld. N V
AA' D Davis, $ Goat Isl C Trump & w, Cal
V Harrier & w, A'allejo Miss Deatrich. Cal
Mrs B Ruez. Vallejo iP S Deatrich, Cal
G Shirley. Vallejo E Sigler.-Cal
Mrs Clark, Arizona W-E Bliss. N V
T J Casey, L Ang II Johnson & f, Cal
C Dickinson. L Ang Miss -Buckley- N V
Lieut Gustln. . V S A Miss . Beach. . N Y.
P Master*. Kan City C A Hamilton, USA
J J Morand, Chicago j Mrs Qulnslaw. Denver
J J Daly. Chicago WD Smith. L Ang
E Ackerman * w, Ga F G Marcus, Menlo Pk
G T Coales, Cal • S Roades & w, Sacto
GRAND HOTEL.
L. Lefflnsuell, w & sn. S 1" Keyes, St Louis
. Kir.gsvllle Mrs F Hur.klns. Mo
A Wiiiinan. Angels E B DeminK. Chgo . :
Dr Cross, Salinas Mrs E I>erntns;, Chiro |
J R Hebbron, Salinas l)r 3 Bankers. Llvmre
H T Jones, Walnut C C Eddman, Orange :
J M Stow, Walnut C Mrs W Steelo. St Lois
F L Glass, Martinez Mips Cop] in, St Louis
S A Smith. Martinez I Mips M'CoKlln, Mo
J L Glllls, Sacto IW Murdalcoff, Stcktn
11 J Colver. L Aiir [Mrs W Xlcholls & stg,
C Beckwltb. Sacto . Duly.th -
Miss Melgga. Belvedn A ; Breigler, w & eh.
Miss Melons, Belvedre Arroyo Grande
Miss Honeyman, Cal O Buckhardt. Mil
Miss Woodward, Mich II Browning:, Mllwkee
Mrs B Steele. Mo ! A Musto. Stocktn .
T - Reeves. Cal .1 T Grace, S Rosa
P Carroll. Petaluma D C Clark, 8 Cruz
T Mlckle, Cal M H Flint, L Ansr -
E J McMann, Port H Wilcox. 8 Jose - '
A de Llprne, Sacto A Buckles. Fairfield
T H WasKum, Merced T Robertson, S Raf
J R TreKlonn, Cal Gl Wiley, P Costa
E Hughes, Cal F E Harris, Oakland
A Mclntyre, L Ang: Mips .1 Lewis, R,Rosa :
C M Porter, ; Lincoln . .T II Anderson, Salinas
J Miller, Cal I L Harrold. N V
G Brown, Sacto !1 C Bell. Sttcto .
H Brocks. S Jose 0 Minjcrld^e, Vallejo
T P O'Hl^gins, S Jose Mrs C Minßrld^. Cal
D - Palmer. Napa , V S • Kohn. Placprvile !
P Phea & w. Astoria Mrs N Kohn, Placvlle
C M Beokwlth&w, Sac TI X Get*. S Monica
L-Hlßglns. Sacto n O^trom &- Tuba
\V Hii^Rlna, Sacto X : Brunner, Sacto »;;-
E S Brown, Sacto G C*H»diieH. Salinas:
Mrs B S Brown. Sacto E Dlnk-Msplol. Sulsun
Mrs V F Wood, Port. J V Fills, S Rafael
J P Carroll. Raridsbft P.J O'Dea.- Ketseyvlle
J Mantapue. Portland 71 C Taylor, Napa -V V-
Mrs Montague. Port CTV Stults &w, Cal <
C H Cheatwood & w, C Matthews. -Healdsbg
Xanaimo F TiiFkow, Crockett
J P Hnnsen & w. X T L- McDowell. Adin^'i
FH Brooks. S Diego i TI -lyorentzen. - Stocktn
R Nixon, Yreka • L Pheppard. Rto^ktn
O McLean & w. Neb W. Thomas. Stockton
F-Hue-hes, L Anjr RE Kennard. Cal ■
J D Carr Jr. Yr«ka IS P Smith. SP- :
F Stanfeld, S.Crez C B Smith, S P .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1S»».
WEALTHY, BUT A VAGRANT.
Peter Cunningham, an Old Miser, Gathered Meat and
Bread From the Gutters.
► Peter Cunningham, an old miser, was convicted of vagrancy by Judge
► Conlan yesterday, although he has $."1,539 on deposit in six banks and
■ is the owner of real estate in the city and a ranch in the country. He
- was arrested last Tuesday night on Bush and Sansome streets by Pollce
- man Tom Langford, who committed suicide the following night, and Spe
■ cial Officer Rowland. Several officers testified in court yesterday that Cun
• ning-ham was in the nightly habit of visiting swill barrels in the rear of
- hotels, bakeries and saloons and picking out pieces of meat and bread,
which he took tn his home at 31G Davis street. When arrested several
• scraps were fo;;nd in his pockets. He and an old beggar had been seen
■ to run a race to get first to a swill barrel. Special Officer Rowland
said that on one ocasion he had given his dog a juicy leg. of mutton to
• eat and Cunningham had taken it from the dog. He was also in the
• habit of going along the streets in the daytime and picking up odd
things
Cunningham, in his own defense, denied that he purloined stuff from
swill barrels, but he appeared to know something about whether they
were boxes or barrels, and that some of them were locked. He produced
six bank books, showing that he had. as he said, about Jitt.OOO on deposit.
He admitted that he very frequently took some meat and bread that a
Chinese employed in a saloon on Front and California streets used to
leave nt the foot of a palm tree in front of the saloon for newsboys.
Judge Conlan said it was one of the worst cases that had come before
him. If a poor man had taken meat and bread out of swill barrels,
there would be some excuse for him but there was no excuse for the
defendant, who. although a wealthy man, was. In his opinion, "an in
veterate bum." It was not necessary that a man should be a drunkard
or an associate of known thieves to be a vagrant, and he had no hesita
tion !n saying that the acts of the defendant constituted him, in the eyes
of the law, a vagrant. He would convict him of the charge and order
him Into custody to appear for sentence to-morrow morning.
Cunningham was was up on a similar charge before the late Judge
Campbell in February last, and the case was dismissed. He was therefore
considerably taken aback by the judgment of Judge Conlan, and in
structed his attorney to appeal the case. He had given his attorney, E. S.
Comyns. his bank books, but later insisted upon their being given into
the custody of the police
"I am not a vagrant," said Cunningham when seen in the City
Prison, "and this is a job on the part of the police. I have lived here since
1856. and should be allowed to live my own way. Ido not need to work,
as I have plenty of money, which I honestly earned. I was born in the
west of Ireland and am a jeweler by trade. I worked for Tiffany in New
York before coming here, and worked for some of the leading jewelers in
this city. I speculated in stocks and was successful, and then I gave up
work. I have an elder brother living with me and'have relatives In the
country. I suppose they call me an old miser, but that is none of their
business."
THE TRUE STORY OF
THE KIEL INCIDENT
YELLOW LIES ANNOY ADMIRAL
KIRKLAND'S FAMILY.
A Story Set Afloat by Unreliable
Journals and Unfortunately
Resurrected by a Bio
grapher.
I The published biography of the late Ad
! miral Kirkland has given credence to a
i story set afloat by yellow journals, which,
i as usual, proves to be entirely untrue. It«
revival at this time has Increased the sad
i ness of Mrs. Kirkland, and at her request
the following correct story of the Kiel in
cident is forwarded to The Call by an
officer, who relates it Just as it was told
i to him by the admiral on the day he
drove the first rivet of the battle-shin
: Wisconsin. Naval regulations forbid the
■ author to sign the statement, but his po
; sition alone is sufficient guarantee of the
I authenticity of his story, ft is as follows:
When a foreign sovereign visits a ship of the
United States navy he is received with honors
sinillar with those prescribed for receiving the
rre.ldent of the -United States; all officers as
femble in social full dresa on the quarter
deck the admiral and captain meet him at
the gangway, ruffles are beaten on the drum.
the busle sounds four, flourishes, the crew
mans the rail and numerous other ceremonies
£cCr, all for the purpose of showing the great
est possible honor to the chief executive of a
friendly nation. Such ceremonies do not oc
cur without due official notice of the expected
i V While Admiral Kirkland was In command of
the United States fleet at Kiel during the
I naval rendezvous of 1894. his «***&.«« New
! York, commanded by captain Bob I^ari*.
i was visited three times by the German Em
■ peror. The first visit was purely official, and
i any rudeness or disrespect on the part of the
1 admiral at such a time was: quite impossible.
; That It did not occur is shown by the tact
1 that the second visit was semi-official, the Em
peror then coming to dine at the admiral s per
sonal Invitation. It is not possible that the lat
ter could be rude, or disrespectful when ' pre
siding at his own table and entertaining so
celebrated a guest. That this did not occur.
and that the admiral performed his duties as
a host in an entertaining and charming man
ner to the Emperor's entire gratification, is
shown by the fact that the dinner party did
not break up until after midnight. It was then
that the famous Incidents occurred of arous
in the sleeping crew without warning, to
close watertight doors and couple the forward
engines These drills were executed so prompt
ly and efficiently that the Emperor expressed
his admiration in the highest terms. -
The third visit was a conclusive proof of the
Kmperor's personal Rood will toward the ad
miral. This time It was unofficial, na his
coming was entirely unexpected. A small
steam-launch" came alongside the gangway
and several officers started to come on. board
■ the flagship. It was only .then that the Em
peror in fatigue uniform, was observed to be
among them. Naturally the admiral was at
once informed, and all necessary orders were
quickly issued to receive the distinguished
guest with the honors due him. but he quickly
' requested that all ceremonies be . omitted ;as
' his visit was merely a personal one to the ad
' miral and taking the . latter' arm moved
I toward the cabin. After some conversation
i there, "he '■ took the admiral aside and offered
i him. as a souvenir, a magnificent .gold snuff
box containing his miniature on the cover, sur
rounded by diamonds. Upon the admiral's
paying that his country's laws did not permit
LATE SHIPPING INTELIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, August 20.
Br ftmr Condor, Dexter, 21 days from Caleta
Buena.
SAILED.
Saturday, August 20.
Stmr Cleone. Miller. Albion.
Stmr Scotia, Hanson. Eureka.
TRANR-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Aug 20— Stmr Pretoria,
for Hamburg: stmr Campania, for Liverpool;
stmr I^a Normandie, for Havre; stmr Mans
dam. for Rotterdam: stmr A'ictoria, for Lon
don; slmr Kaiser Wilhelm 11, for Genoa; stmr
Furncssia, for Glasgow; stmr Thingvalla, for
Copenhagen.
Arrived Aug 20— Stmr Cymric, from Llver
pocl' stmr Rotterdam, from Rotterdam.
Sot'THAMPTON— SaiIed Aug 20— Stmr Penn
land. for New A'r.rk.
Arrived Aufi 20— Stmr Koenlgen Lulee. from
New York.
LIA'ERPOOL— Arrived Aug 20— Stmr Etruria,
from New York.
Palled Aug 20 — Stmr Lucanla. for New York.
ANTAVERP— SaiIed Aug 20— Stmr Earbarosa,
tor New York.
him to accept anything from foreign govern- j
ments, the Kmperor replied that it was simply ;
a personal gift and should be accepted. Be
ing again declined with thanks, the Emperor
laid it upon a table saying It must be ac- j
cepted. Hut It was sent by the admiral to the |
New York Custom-house and there retained !
until -he was authorized to accept it by an act j
of Congress.
The value of the present was unusually great, i
the diamonds alone being valued at $5000, and |
the Informal manner of presenting it was un- i
precedented. Informality occurring In Eu
rope only between members of the various
royal families. Such a memento given In such
a personal way must be considered absolute
proof that the admiral's abilities, charm and
"bonhomie" were recognized and appreciated '
by a man whose reputation shows that he Is
sensitive to a fault In taking offense at any
thing approaching rudeness or disrespect.
BEATEN WITH A CLUB.
Paul Friedhoffer Assaulted by George
Miller, a Discharged Employe.
Paul Friodhoffor. who conducts ft b'.aek
smtth shop at 351 Third street, was st
tarfced by a young man nam<?.l George
Miller yesterday afternoon and serioiisly
l>f>aU-n over the head with a club. Mil
ler, who formerly worked for Friodhof
fer visited his shop, and picking up a
long club, vainly endeavored to brain
him.
The cries of the wounded man attracted
the attention of .several citizens who w»nt
to Friedhoffer'a assistance. Miller, evi
dently fearing: arrest, took to UN heels
and disappeared down Third sireet.
Frlf-dhoffer was taken to iis home and
a doctor summoned. An examination dls
closed t^iat ho had sustained a severe
scalp wound and an abrasion of the face.
The lnju~fed man says that Miller recent
ly worked for him. but as he prsve evi
dence of being mentally irresponsible he
d scharged him. Since then he has been
hanging around the blacksmith shop, evi
dently awaiting an opportunity to get
even with the proprietor.
Friedhoffer is the man who a short time
ago was fined $100 by Judge Low for pull
ing out a horse's tongue.
Officer Langford's Funeral.
The funeral of Police Officer Thomas
Langford took place yesterday from his
late residence at 2729 Octavia street, and
was largely attended. There were a
i Tfjmher* of floral pieces, the offerings of
the members of the Police Department
and Hespprian Lodge, Native Sons of
tho Golden West, of which the deceased
was a member.
The remains were accompanied to the
grave by a platoon of police and a dele
gation from the Native Sons.
A Soldier Stabbed.
G. B. Rice, an officer of the California
Fiavy Artillery Battery, statloneJ m
the Presidio, engaged In an altercation
with Sam Purdy, a carpenter, in a sa
loon rt Eighth and Mls.sion atre?ts Uurt
night, and was stabbed in the head and
neck. The wounded soldier was remov
ed to the Receiving Hospital, where the
injuries were dressed by Dr. Bushnell.
Purdy was arrested and charged with
an assault with a deadly weapon.
Bankruptcy Referee.
Ira H. Reed has been appointed Federal
Referee in bankruptcy cases for Cala
veras County. He gave $1000 bonds.
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 20.— Walter R. Weeks
of the Encinol writes from the new Pine
Creek diggings In Southeastern Alaska '
that ho was one of the first locators there j
and has sefttred one of the best claims on
the creek.
A special musical service will be given
at St. Joseph's Church to-morrow morn- |
ing, under the direction of Professor ;
Theodore Vogt. Gounod's mass in C will ;
be rendered.
On Friday evening next Miss Elizabeth '
Westgate and a number of her pupils ,
will tender a benefit to the Red Cross So- |
ciety in the shape of a. grand concert at j
the Unitarian church. A good programme :
has been prepared.
There is groat rejoicing in this city over !
the victory of the Alameda crew in the
regatta at Astoria yesterday.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
WHEAT MARKETS OF
THE WORLD ARE DULL
CONDITIONS THAT CBEATE A
FOREBODING OUTLOOK.
Bussia Is Underselling America and
an Immense Crop Is Now Being
Harvested — Barley Prices
Are Shrinking.
Wheat speculation during the past
week was more active than for several
weeks previous. The- heavy short inter
est which had crept into September, to
gether with a most urgent demand for
spot, was a potent factor in establish
ing a strong market— beginning on Tues
day and continuing until Thursday. Re
ceipts at primary points were very much
smaller than the same period last year.
Kansas City reported millers paying 5%
cents premium for No. 2 red, over Sep
tember prices. Detroit reported coun
i try offerings rapidly decreasing, with
millers' wants urgent. Some rain in the.
Northwest at harvest time was another
bullish factor. These conditions kept
shorts in abeyance until more disposi
tion was shown upon the part of farm
ers to part with their wheat.
On Friday foreigners withdrew offers
sent to American exporters, and replac
ed them with Russian exporters, whose
prices were from 4 to 6 cents under
America. Adrled to this came heavy
marketing of spring wheat, causing a
marked break in the Minneapolis and
Duluth markets, which was reflected in
winter wheat centers. This resulted in
starting to market a large volume of
wheat at winter wheat points.
Indications point to heavy deliveries for
some time to come. There is compara
tively DO foreign demand. Producers
must therefore depend upon home buy
ers to a greater extent this crop year than
usual. Crops abroad promise well, in
many instances exceeding those of anj
! previous year. Russia has shown much
; alertness in contracting for delivery
ahead of America. The conditions this
season are completely reversed from
those of last year. There is as much of
an overproduction as there was a sup
posed shortage last year. There is not
likely to be an "angel" in the market this
season. The wings cost Letter too much
for any one else to try the game.
A good milling demand will continue.
Elevator interests will buy when there
iis any chance of earning carrying
charges. At present the market offers
this element of support no inducements,
as spot wheat continues at a premium
over futures. It is not likely this condi
tion will continue after receipts increase
| and millers' demands are fairly satisfied.
The closing price on Saturday of Sep
tember and December wheat in the Chi
cago market was at the lowest points
reached on the present crops, with indi
cations of a further decline, unless farm
ers' deliveries are suddenly checked, in
which case a temporary rally would re
sult, lasting only until a freer move
ment of wheat begins again.
The fact is too plainly visible that there
| is plenty of wheat in the country. Sooner
or later it must find its way to market.
Wheat prices in the local market ex
perienced a heavy decline during the
week, December selling at 116 on Sat
urday. Favorable harvesting conditions
throughout Oregon and Washington and
prospects of free deliveries caused longs
' to unload. Shorts were the only support
! afforded the market. This support is
! never more than momentary. Wheat
! generally burns through a short if no
! rallying circumstances are at hand.
j Short lines bought in were repeatedly
i put out again, even at reduced prices.
1 Around 112 December wheat ought to be
| good property, temporarily at least.
Barley has been fairly active at lower
prices, the big break in corn and wheat
affecting a weakening tendency. Hold
ers of barley in Washington and Ore
gon are showing more disposition to sell.
The low price of wheat will admit of sub
stituting that cereal for barley as feed.
The demand for consumption has fallen
off to nothing. There is a great deal of
lung barley held by local commission
houses for country account. Should this
barley come into the market a bad break
would result. The tendency of prices
seenip decidedly downward. W«ll inform
ed brokers believe December barley will
s°ll at 95. R. E. MULCAHV.
» ♦ ■
Suits on Judgments.
August Gehner has suert Mary A. E.
| Koons and George B. Koons to recover
1 $5922 16 on a judgment. J. J. North, as-
I signee of the Fortln Brick Company, in
! Insolvency, has sued I). Ambrose to re
i rover $637 5S on a judgment obtained Au
gust 20, 1893.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO THE SUFFERERS OF
■ . - ■ '■'■ ', .'
■ ' . ' ' ■ '■ . 7
Bronchial and Lung Troubles.
The generous oFFer oF DR.
ROUXEL and associated
physicians to treat the sick
free will positively end on
September the First.
Not Self Praise,
But That of Others.
Mr. ' M. Black's (of San Francis Sen-
sational Statement.
For ten years I suffered from asthma. I have
been unable to attend to any business for many
years. In: vain I sought relief, until I \v::s at
last disgusted with all medicines and doctors.
I am thankful now that I consulted Dr. Rouxel
and associated physicians. The one-week treat-
ment: is positive proof to me that Dr.-Kouxel's
treatment will cure me. It has done more for
me in . these few days than any other in all
these ten year?. Already I feel stronger, and
hope has taken the place of despondency.
. M. BLACK.
4»5% Jessie street, city.
Mr. H. Sullenbersier. 1248 Mission Street.
, City, Cured as I? by Ma£ic
"Doctors said I had chronic catarrh and noth-
ing could cure me. Dr. Rouxel's treatment re-
lieved as if by magic. It seemed to penetrate
and socthe:the hot, ' dry parts Inside my head"
and throat, opening- the air passages so that
I could close my mouth and breathe freely
through " my nose. ' '■ In every way I feel that a
wondrous change has come over me."
Dr. L. MacMahan Pronounces the Treat-
■;^r ; ment Won
The leading pharmacist of. Denver.' Colo,, in-
dorses this new scientific treatment. Dr. L.
Mac.Mnhan, Larimer street; Denver, ■< Colo., suf-
fered for years of the most severe attacks  of
asthrnn. In vain he sought relief by consult-
ing the physicians of national reputation. , Dr.
Rouxel ■ cured ■: Dr. MacMahan •In two months.
nee : then h<" took many of his acquaintances
to Dr. -Rouxel's Institute, and all agreed with
him that the treatment is wonderful.
Readers of This Paper, Be Wise !
This System ,
Of medicine that cures : free till September . Ist
to all patients applying at v DOCTOR ROUX-
EL'S and . Associated ' Physicians';. . Office, 328
Kearny street, dally from 10 to 4 and 7 to » p.
m.; Sundays, from 10 to 12, -will be treated free
and supplied with medicines. ' ; ..-•
\ ADVERTISEMENTS.
Flood Building— Bo9 MARKET ST., second floor, flood build.no:
PAINLESS DENTISTRY.
" Full Set of Tooth, extracting free St 50 ud
GOLD CROWNS, 22k 3 50 uS
$&S%B BRIDGE \VORK ; por tooth !".! 350 up
*&** -OOSTL ' WRITTEN GUARANTEE GIVEN.
<££esffi jd^SiS 1 6fi&\l Teeth and roots of all kinds and in all con-
'*§%Suf £&twf*Q T^Sjf ditlons can be treat* 1 or removed by using
JWvß' Z)r y l^. our electrical appliances without pain and with
/ \^. j/^Sksl&h^ A suite Of • five rooms, elegantly furnished
7/. $\. W*>V ( yV'<s&( anf ' thoroughly equipped. are at the service of
vyy /\j .^^s>«iyW"'W w. \\ our P atrons -
t^/^^X^^^^^^- \ A Physician Always in Attendance.
J^^^^^w\7 ■^^l Skilled Operators— Lady Attendant.
!^»V^^S^P; CONSULTATION FREE.
|faWß^S^L^->^^S^^g^S@^tei>_ Office hour?— 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. Sundays,
V?*i^^^V^^^Ue=f F^Sr Don't Forget the Number— SO!) Market St.
»f /'.'^^S^s \ k^=ston±. I SK ' SSiBU.' Over Cafe Royal, corner Fourth.
t Visit DR. JORDAN'S ©«»*
Museum of Anatomy
Tawl^ JOB! IIABE2T ST. 'bet 6th A 7th, B.T. CiL
I ''S M The Largest of i«» kind In U>« World.
* DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Con.ulutlon free. Write for Book
n Philosophy of 11 Marriage.
fc jj M*IHP mcc.
PROCLAMATION.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO, July 30th. 189 S.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at Its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January. A D. u->i.
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
in favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to-wlt:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California, an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion. In relation to revenue and taxation by
which it Is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows: i«_lii,i« :
Section 18. No county, city, town, townsnip.
board of education, or school district shall In-
cur any Indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding In any year
the income and revenue provided for II ' or
such year, without the assent of two-tmras
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to b« held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of Incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made for tne
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the Interest on such Indebtedness as It rails
due. and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund fer the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same; provided, however, that the City ana
County of Ban Francisco may at any time pay
th« unpaid claims with Interest thereon ror
materials furnished to and work don* for saia
city and county during the forty-third ana
forty-fourth fiscal yeans, out of the Income ana
revenue of any succeeding ye»r or years: pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers In said city
and' county are hereby execpted from the pro-
visions of this section: and in determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
ner: and provided further, that the City ot
Vallejo. In Solano County, may pay its exist-
ing indebtedness incurred in the construction
of Its waterworks, whenever two-thirds of tne
electors thereof voting tt on election held for
that purpose, shall so decide. Any Indebted-
ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
shall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.) /
A resolution proposing to the people ot the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion to be known and designated as section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof pro-
viding for the framing by the Inhabitants of
counties, of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as fellows: -< V
Section 7tt- The Inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution npd laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years Qualified
electors of such «unty, to be elected by tho
q/inlifled electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or -pedal election, whose duty It onall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre- |
Dare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed in dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority "of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds •of the
county Such proposed county government act
shall "then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or if there be
not two such papers, then in one only, for at
least twenty (lays, and within not less than
thirty days" after such publication It shall be i
submitted to th« qualified electors of such
rouTitv at a general or special election, and if i
a majority of such qualified electors voting j
thereon shall ratify the same, It shall there- j
after be submitted to -the- Legislature for Its
rejection or approval, as a whole., without ,
■Dower of alteration or amendment, and if ap- i
proved by a majority of the members elected j
to each house. It shall be the county govern- i
ment act of such county, and shall In such |
case become the organic law thereof and super- I
sede any existing county government act,; and
all amendments thereof, ami all special laws
Incunstst-nt with such county government act.
A cortv of such county government act, certi-
fied bvthe President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
iettlnir fcrth the submission of such county
rovernmert act to the electors, and its ratifica- I
tion Mb™ them, shall bo made In duplicate and !
deoo-lted cr.e in the office of the Secretary of j
(State the other/after being recorded In the (
o'flce of the recorder of deeds in the county,
amorU th- archives of the county.
All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act bo ratified may be
amended, at Intervals of not less than two
v»ars by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
nullified electors thereof, at a general or
■nee al election held at least forty days after
the publication of such proposals for twenty
•it.™ in a newspaper of general circulation In
such county, and ratified- by at least three-
flfths of the qualified electors voting thereon,
nnd approved by tho Legislature as herein pro-
vided for th« ■ approval , of the county govern-
ment act In submitting any such county. gov-
ernment act any alternative article or proposi-
tion may -be presented for the choice of the
voters and may ■be voted on separately with-
out prejudice to others. . .
It shall be : competent In all county govern-
ment" acts framed un<Jer the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner in
which * the times at which, and the terms for
which' the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be " elected 'or ■ appointed;- for their compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
and for the compensation payable to each nf
such deputies, for the mariner In which, the
times in which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
elected or appointed: and .for. the constitution,
regulation, compensation and government of
such boards, and of their clerks and attache*:
also, to - prescribe . the manner ■ and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted: and may In addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties anil organizations may partici-
pate in any primary election.. ; .. ■ /-
Whenever nny county has. in th-» mannerand
method herein pointed out. adopted any county
government act. and the ram* shall have been
approved by the Legislature as aforesaid, the
directions of sections foils and five -of this
article providing : for the uniformity, of a
system of county governments throughout the
State, and likewise providing for the election
and appointment of. officers. , and the regula-
tion of their compensation, shall not | apply.
Said county -government act shall, as to any of
the matters herelnabove provided for and de-
clared by : such county government act. not be
subject to any ' law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature, except by amendment first
submitted to th» electors nnd :t>.tlfled :In the
manner -herelnabove set forth. ' ,
AMENDMENT .; NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate • Constitutional Amendment No.
■;; -■ - • ■: . - :'; i : 44.) ij, -\ ,-- :. ; ,-..-
A resolution; proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section,
to be known and designated as section live and
one-half, article six. thereby providing for the
organization of i a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows: 
: Section oW. ■ The Court 'of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. > The Court
(if .. Claims •shnli have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hoar and determine - all - claims of every kind
and i character, ap-ainst - the State, under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
Its judgment' thereon shall bo final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
lows: -;.-•• r. :-,. -■-.:::: ■■ •■ -:■ :■ . ;•: ' ■■'
In the City of Los 'Ansel commencing on
the second Monday of March: : -
In , the City and > County of San Francisco,
commencing on i the second j Monday j In July.
#nd ■-■-■, r- ■■ :.::■■':-.:;■■■■/'-"■' -^ -, : . -.■•■'.■■ ;. ;
-In Ujo . City of. Sacra to. commencing ca,
WONG WOO,
fr**W CHINESE TEA AND HERB
'feP J T SANITARIUM.
y&^lL 764-66 CLAY BT., San rr»noi»8O,O»l
M/sf§&W*&skt All diseases cured exclusive-
wfPp«« to by Chines© herb«. over 3W«
rfP'Wf varieties L>eia« used. ADVICM
: FREE. Bowi. •Mto U *. m.. 1 to 3 and 7ut
» p. m.
the second Monday of November of each year.
The Judges holding such term of court shall
receive no extra compensation therefor, but
shall receive their actual expenses, to be paid
out of tha general fund of the State treasury.
The Legislature shall enact all laws necessary
to organize such court, to provide the pro-
cedure thereof and to carry cut the provision*
of this s-otlon.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, amending article eleven,
; by adding a new section thereto, to be known
| as section number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. Tha
said proposed new section to read as follows.
Section 6H. The provisions of sections four
and five of this article shall not, nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
have become, or shall become, organized under
section seven, or secure a charter under section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FTTH.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California, an amendment of section
' fifteen and section sixteen of article five of tha
Constitution of the State of California, by
which it Is proposed to amend said sections to
read as folio we :
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall be
| elected nt the same time and place and in the
i same manner as the Governor, and his term of
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
| only have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the Impeachment of
j the Governor, or his removal from office, death,
I inability to discharge the powers and duties
I of hIH office, resignation, or absence from the
I State, the powers and duties of the office shall
1 devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
! residue of the term, or until the disability
shall cease. And should the Lieutenant Gover-
nor be Impeached, displaced, resign, die, or
, become Incapable of performing the duties of
! his office, or be absent rrom the State, the
president pro tempore of the Senate shall act
as Governor until the vacancy In the office of
Governor shall be filled at the next general
election when members of the Legislature shall
be chosen, or >«ntll such disability of the Lieu-
tenant Governor shall cease. In case of a va-
cancy in the office of Governor for any of ths
reasons above named, and neither the Lieu-
tenant Governor nor the president pro tempore
of the Senate shall succeed to the powers and
duties of Governor, then the powers and duties
of such office shall devolve upon the Speaker
of the Assembly, until the office of Governor
shall be filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT ; NUMBER SIX. „
C9«lng Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38).
A resolution to propose to the people of th»
State of California an amendment to Section
six. Article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools by
which It Is proposed to amend said section to
re-nd as follows: ■
Section 6. The public school system shall in-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools,
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund nnd the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support if
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall Include schools organized In a
school . district, or union of school • districts,
having, more than one thousand Inhabitants, la
which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare : pupils to enter the agricultural,
mining or scientific department of the Uni-
versity of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
-:;•.,':. No. 34).
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to Section
two of Article, four of the Constitution, In rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which it
Is proposed to amend said section to read as
follows: ■
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of Its members
and shall be biennial unless the Governor tiha)!
in the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
tarnation. The Legislature shall then remain
I.i session for. twenty-five days, after which It
must adjourn to some -late not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fail to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall bi
within the limits above . prescribed. Upon re-
assembling, the Legislature shall complete Its
session. No pay shall be allowed to member*
for a longer period than seventy-five days ami
no bill shall be Introduced in either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session
without the consent of three-fourths of the
members thereof.
NOW. THEREFORE, Pursuant to the provi-
sions of j the Constitution, and an act of the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval." approved March 7. A. D 13SS
the above-described Proposed amendments are
hereby published and ; advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of th*
Stat«. at th: election to be held throughout
this State on * ■
: TUEPDAT. NOVEMBER 8. A. D. 1533.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon 'i manner and form as fol-
lows: jn '•■--
Each ballot used r.t such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the : following
words, whereupon the voter may express his
choice ; an provided by . law:
Amendment Number One. being Senate f
Constitutional Amendment No. 41 1
• (exempting certain claims against the I
City nnd County or San Francisco, and
. the existing indebtedness of the City Tea
' of Vallelc for the construction of its- -
water works from the provisions of v t
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be pod from the Income and reve-
nues of the year In which they were
incurred).
For the Amendment? . | r
Amendment Number Two. being Senate '
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Tea
(providing- for framing local county — __
government acts by Inhabitants off No
counties for their government). I
For the Amendment? [
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- f
. ate Constitutional - Amendment No I '
44 (providing for the creation of a I
Court of -Claims to determine claims I Tea
against the State, and to consist of — -
three Superior Judges i designated by | No.
-the Governor ■ to serve without extra I
compensation)^
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Four, being As- f,
semblyJ Constitutional Amendment
No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities ■ Tea "
and counties, organized -or to be or-— —
- panlzed, or holding a charter un- No
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation in relation to counties).
. For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Five, being As-
- rembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 26 (relating, to office of Governor, Tea
providing for succession thereto In
certain cases and removing disabllty No
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
. other office during term).
For- the Amendment? ;
Amendment Number Six. being Assem- '
bly Constitutional, Amendment No. 38 Te»
(relating to and defining Grammar- — '
Schools). : ;- j, ji 9
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Seven, being As-
sembly .; Constitutional Amendment
--.No.-' 3l (providing for adjournment of Tea
Legislature for not less than thirty. — ,
nor more than sixty days during each ' Na
session). .■. ■
For the Amendment?
Witness my hand and the Great Seal of thai
State : of . California, the day and year herein
first above written. . zj'<
JAMES H. BUDD, Governor
' £**** ,**• ■• BIiQWJST, Secretary <* gut*,ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
HER DEATH WAS
MYSTERIOUS
Young Wife Expires at
Fabiola Hospital.
CERTIFICATE WAS REFUSED
MRS. TINA NELSON WAS SICK
BUT A FEW HOURS.
I)i\ C. J. Sharp. Who Was Once Tried
for Murder, Willingly Ceiti
• ... fied to a Cause of
Death.
:."-■. .Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Broadway, Auk -
.' Mrs. Tina Nelson, a young wife not yet
' 20 years old. died at Fabiola Hospital last
. .Thursday evening- under very suspicious !
.circumstances, and after close investijra- :
Tlor.-'the .Coroner lias decided to hold an
•:. and has already impaneled a Jury
■•i. win meet Monday evening.
A' week, ago Mrs. Nelson, who lives with
hi r mother on Ninth street, was appa
rently in the best of health. She w.ts s id
taken sick and treated by Dr. C
up for several days. Last Thurs
riiorning she was removed to Fabiola
.:.al and placed under the
I ■■.' Susan J. Fenton. A few hours >ater
she di<-d. Not being satisfied as to the
cause of death I>r. Fenton refused to
sign the certificate until an autop.-y had
been held. She communicated with Coro
. ner Baldwin, and by his order D>\3. Bu
tc-au and Porter conducted an autopsy.
The doctors made a report to th>
which, it la said, Indicates Lnat the
.-. woman's death resulted from crtin-
After Dr. Fenton's refusal to sign th»
tificate Dr. Sharp signed it, stat
mitls, dv» to eating
fruit", was the cause of death. Dei-
Quigley. and Hodgkins have been work
ing on' the ase, and have secured evl
. which may lead to the am
the physician who first treated Mr*. Xel
' son. ' '; !
Pr, Sharp is the physician who wns
tried -and discharged about a year ago
for the alleged murder of Anna Johnson,
■ ' a ;15-ye'ar-old; 15-year-old girl, by malpractice. He re
-■fuse'a;-. this afternoon to say one word
about The case.
Mrs. Nelson's husband is a stonemason,
and. 'they have been married some ''ears.
They have a little child 3 years old. Mrs.
Nelson" lacked three months of being 20
/years of, age.
Dr.' C. J. Sharp was arrested to-night
by Detectives Hodgkins and Quigly and
Is -booked at the City Prison for man
slaughter. ___________
• READY FOR FALL SPORES. '
. ..■ •. ■..
• St. Mary's College Athletes Organize
.;■ - : --•• and Commence Practice.
.: OAKLAND. Auk. 20.— There was a
■vvarmly. contested election held at St.
•-jlqjr-y's College this evening at a meet
VIOLATE THE LAWS OF SANITATION
Unhealthy Conditions Prevailing in a Fruit-Packing Establishment
Condemned by Food Inspector Dockery.
The owners of the Overland Fruit Parking Company, on Battery street, n*ar Broadway, will make a virtue of
. Mishment on Saturday. Chief Food Inspector J. P. Dockery of the Health Depart
ment paid I • official vi.-it on Friday. As the result of hie Investigations he gave notice that the place
must be vacated within t>-n d;.y.s. .
The actual work of canning is performed in the basement of an ancient wooden structure and In an adjacent
shed. There are over 100 employes the majority being women and girls of the Latin races. At the present time they
ar- working on pears in order to preserve the natural color, these pears are thrown into water as soon as they
an peeled. Much of this water mixed with refuse peelings, finds its way to the floor upon which the women
stand and work, it was this stagnant water that brought about the unsanitary condition which will eventually
result in th( «„ -
'.'lnspector D [sited us at an inopportune time, 1 ' said Manager S. S. Petrovich yesterday. So much water
"is required in our work thi a certain quantity thrown about. We have an engine to pump this from under
the floor. It broke down yesterday somehow before the representative of the Health Department came here, and
when he arrived •  ,',.■ water po«slbly gave the place a bad appearance. There is so much refuse about
a canning factory thai a) best it is difficult to keep it clean and tidy.
"Our sea ion is drawing to a close, and. In audition, we must move shortly anyway, as the owners of the prop
erty requin it. !t belongs t v ,| the late Captain J. C. Wilson, and the intention is to add it to the coal
yard adjoining. We will huiid a cannery In the southern portion of the city, embracing all modern improvements.
; This-wi!l be ready foj • opening of next season."
Owing to the water that find* Its way under the loose board floor, the atmosphere iB far from wholesome. A
different condition exists In the Kins-Morse Company near by. While the women work under almost identical con
■ditions. the air is redolent of the fruit upon which they are working. The labor is exceedingly hard. The hours
are long, often from « o'clock in the morning until 10 at night, and many Sundays in succession. This pressure is re
qruired.^as the fruit must be handled as it comes In, no matter what the volume may be. ,
; The women chiefly stand at their benches during this time. They earn from 75 cents to $1 50 a day, according to
th«lr adeptness. They rang, in age from old women to mere children. Some of the latter are so small that they
must stand on boxes and Inverted nailH in order to reach their work. Many of the workers are wives of the flsher
.rnen.and these contribute their mite to the support of the large families with which they are invariably blessed.
Some of the younger girls represent the highest type of Italian beauty. Some faces are Madonna-like in their reg
.ula-rity, while all bear looks of patience not in keeping with the lines in which their lives are cast.
in;: of the St.. Mary's College . Athletic
Association. The students propose to
unusual attention to sports this
year, chiefly along the lines of baseball,
handball and football, and already pros
pective contests with the Santa Clara
ge football team are producing con
siderable activity among the students. It
was therefore deemed no small honor to
be at the head of the athletic organiza
tion that hopes to accomplish much this
. inasmuch as the college has some
crack players.
The election this evening resulted as
follows: Oliver A. Welsh, president;
Huff, vice-president; Joseph Mc-
Carthy, secretary; Falva P. Young,
treasurer. The field captain will be chosen
next week.
LIVES NOT TOO PRECIOUS.
Exchange of Sentiments Between
Oakland Veterans and Secre
tary Alger.
OAKLAND, Aug. 20.— The tender of
services during the war by the Veteran
Reserves of ■ Oakland has been appre
ciated by Secretary of War Russell A.
Alger in the following communication
just received by the reserves:
. WASHINGTON. Aug, 15. 1893.
To Captain C. K. King, commanding Com
pany A, First Regiment Veteran Reserves,
Oakland,. Cal.— Dear Kir: I am In receipt- of
the very patriotic letter of your organization
and- can assure you that the loyal tender of
services of the noble veterans of your organiza
tion is heartily appreciated by the War De
partment, but at the present time, however.
there me no assignments being made, and I
would say the lives of those veterans of the
war who have already made bo many sacrifices
are too precious to be again exposed to dan
ger. Very truly yours, R. A. ALGER,
Secretary of War.
Captain King- has answered this, assur
ing Secretary Alger that he need have
no hesitancy in assigning his men to
duty on account of the preciousness of
their lives, and that they are ready, not
only to serve the General Government,
hut are ready at any time to be called
out in the interest of the State and good
order.
Mow Not Yet Charged.
OAKLAND, Aug. 20.— The police are
somewhat puzzled over the verdict of the
er's jury in the case of Nathan
Hollenbeck, who was shot last Thursday
night by Quong Mow. As yet they have
to swear out a warrant
J with murder. Chief
• r Bays, however, that he thinks
some action wil be taken next Monday,
and that a complaint will be issued at
that time, so that a preliminary exam
ination Will at least be held.
Missing Girls Return.
OAKLAND, A;;pr. 20.— Florence Mar
aud Ruby Newson, both aged
ears, v.ho were reported missing a
ago, were found last nisht by
kins on Lower Broadway.
The idii* say that they spent most of
their time since they ran away from
home about Camp Barrett They will
be r< turned to the custody of their re-
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND. Aug. 20.— ill-starred
British ship Blairmore, which has been
lying in the estuary since that awful
catastrophe In which six lives were lost,
will soon be taken across the bay to be
overhauled. She will probably be under
the American flag when she goes to sea'
again.
Clayton P. Smith was to-day cited to
appear before Judge Ogden and show
cause why he should not be held in. con
tempt in having failed to pay his ex-wife
(Mary E. Smith) alimony. ••
William Letts Oliver has just received
news of the death of John "Wedderspopn,
who at one time was very prominent ,in
commercial and social circles here and in
San Francisco. '. The death occurred at
Bennett Lake on August 3. !;-'..-.
W. S. Geary has been appointed a dep
uty constable for Brooklyn Township by
C. S. Weldon.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1898.
AID FOR WIVES
OF SOLDIERS
Younger Society Gives a
Fete at Piedmont.
MANY REGIMENTS DRILL
UNIFORMS AND QAY DRESSES
THRONG THE PARK.
The Relief Society Receives a Big
Benefit for the Families of
the Men Now at the
Front.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 20.
The first gathering of society after the
summer vacation took place this after
noon and evening at Piedmont Springs.
j The occasion was a military garden fete,
I given under the au.spices of the Young .La
dies" Relief Society.
The grounds were beautifully decorated
and illuminated and the host of young
ladies who are interested in the Relief
I Society supplied all the labor at the booths
! and it was certainly a labor of love. The
j society was organized to take care of the
! wives of soldiers while thoir husbands are
j in active service and many demands have
been made on the treasury. The affair to
night was so largely attended that it
helped in a substantial manner to aug
| ment the funds at the disposal of the ex-
I ecutive commitw ■•*.
The main feature of the afternoon was
the lowa bated and the drilling of the
j Tennessee regiment. The maneuvers were
carried out with great precision this
evening under a myriad of electric lights.
To-night a chorus of soldiers detailed
from Camp Barrett was much admired.
I They were in command of Colonel Car-
I rington.
Bright gowns and uniforms were much
in evidence throughout the day and the
i club house was thronged all the afternoon
I and evening.
The committee of arrangements con
sisted of: Miss Jean Howard (chairman),
I Miss Irene Baker, Miss Pauline Fore,
Miss Selene Bell, Miss Alma brown,
j Miss Mary Randall and Miss Jane Raw
| lings.
The booths were attended by the follow
ing young' ladies:
Candy — Bertha McElrath, Susan . tie
Fremefy. Merle Morrison. Imogene Haw
ley, Florence Louden and Bessie Edelin.
Tea — Florence Sharon, Gertrude Allen,
Sallie Quitian. Marian Randall. Luita
Booth and Evelyn < 'raig.
Lemonade— Caroline Ooit, lone Fore.
| Sadie Hale. Eleanor Fore, Marie Fore and
M 58 Kirby.
Fortune-telling— Anita Lohse, Daisy
Cart wright, Edith Rooney and Gertrude
Gould.
Gramaphone — Ada Brown, Ethel Gage.
Belle Carpenter, Florence Edoff and
Florence May hew.
Among the patronesses of the affair
were: Mrs. Isaac L. Requa, Mrs. Major
Long, Mrs. Richard Derby, Mrs. G. W.
Baker, Mra. Randall, Mrs. Gorrill, Mrs.
John Russ, Mrs. John L. Howard, Mrs.
Fore, Mrs. Rawlings. Mrs. McElrath, Mrs.
de Fremery and others.
■ ♦ ■
A CHILDREN'S ANNEX.
Generous Offer of Mrs. H. E. Cook to
Fabiola.
OAKLAND, Aug. 20.— Mrs. H. B. Cook
has informed the Fabiola Hospital Asso
ciation of her desire to erect at once,
and as a part of the hospital, a chil
dren's annex, to be known as the Dootle
Cook Annex for Children.
She will present this to the hospital as
a memorial to her daughter, who died !
long since, aged 18 years, and whose life
work seemed to be to help poor and sick
children. The directors have concluded j
to visit the Children's Hospital in San i
Francisco, with a view of getting ideas !
for a building from it. The associa
tion intends to erect a maternity cottage
in the near future, and this with Mrs.
Cook's gift will greatly enlarge the hos
pital, which is in a most flourishing con
dition.
Oakland Mismates.
Mabel E. Goodmurphy to-day, through
her attorney, F. W. Frey, commenced a I
suit for divorce against her husb-tnd, I
Frederick Milton Goodmurphy. The par- ;
ties were marrieu July 20, 181>7. but the
husband, who is a barber by occupation,
never provided a home or support, and !
plaintiff was compelled to make her home
with a sister. The husband ie at present
not within the State. The wife asks for j
$20 a month alimony.
W. H. Snook to-day began suit for ai- I
vorce against Lydia J. Snook, and Grace
M. Foster sued Alfred B. Foster for di
vorce. Leonard S. Clark is the attorney
for plaintiffs in both actions.
Using Mails to Defraud.
OAKLAND, Aug. 20.— F. M. Barr, con
victed In the United States District
Court this morning on a charge of using
the mails to defraud, has been brought
to the County Jail here, awaiting his
removal to the San Diego County Jail to
serve his sentence of one year's impris
onment.
SCRATCHED HIS EYES
AND BEAT HIM BLUE
POLICEMAN AVERS NOW SITES
FOR A DIVORCE.
His Complaint Bristles With Allega
tions of Cruelty and Painful
Scenes at His Home.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug-. 20.
Special Police Officer Alonzo T. Ayers
has begun suit for a divorce from his sec
ond wife, Nellie Ayers, on the gTound of
cruelty, and if the allegations in the com
plaint are true, there have been some
painful scenes in the Ayera household.
One allegation is to the effect that on
July 10 last the plaintiff's married dnugh- j
ter— by a former marriage — visited him at |
their residence, 837 Jackson street, when i
Mrs. Ayers attempted to drive the young j
woman out of t.»e house. He oemurred, |
but the wife finally retaliated by calling i
for the patrol and making him a human
target for all available cups and saucers i
in the house.
On the 13th inst., he alleges, he was
again subjected to abuse, when she
scratched him, badly injured one of his j
optics and beat him over the should. TS
with a cane until he was black and blue, j
The wife is also charged with threatening
to kill Ayers and saying she would "fix"
the whole Ayers outfit. Ayers asks for
possession of the property and custody of
the child by the second marriage.
DEVOTEES OF THE PIGSKIN.
The Football Season of the Univer
sity of California About to
Begin.
BERKELEY, Aug. 20.— Before the close j
of next week the football season of the
University of California will be in full
swing. Manager Everett J. Brown is
making active preparations for the work
to begin. He thinks that all the indica
tions ::t present point to a very success
ful year.
Captain Percy Hall has issued a notlco
for a meeting of his men next Tuesday
afternoon. The whole football situation |
will be discussed at that time. All those
who expect to handle the pigskin are re
quested to be present. The first practice
is scheduled for Thursday, on which *iatf
It is expected that Garrett Cochran, the
coach, will have returned from his trip to
Mexico, "and be ready to start in with the)
regular training. The men will be taught j
their positions individually llrst, before j
ii -im work commences.
Captain Hall is much encouraged over j
the number of players who are going In !
for the work this year. The loss of Lud
low, Greisberg and Guiberson will be felt
keenly. but several of the old men, includ
ing Hopper, Thane and 'W'hipple, are
Italy to take to the field again.
The University Cadets.
BERKELEY, Aug. 20.— The corps of
cadets in the university of California will
be organized by the military department
Hi xi Wednesday morning at drill hour.
Fourteen second lieutenants, including an
adjutant and quartermaster, have been
appointed temporarily to assist in the
work of forming the battalions. Frrsh
ii,.-ii entering college have been ardent to
lino up in front of the library building,
where they will be arranged for company
formation.
Prof. Soule, commandant of the corps,
will hold an examination on Wednesday
afternoon at 3:45 o'clock for undergrad
uates who are eligible for positions as
commissioned and non-commissioned of
ficers. The examination is open to those
cadets only who have been properly rec
ommended for promotion.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Aug. 20.— The firm of Ol
sen Bros., corner of Shattuck avenue and
Allston way, have been awarded the con
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
The State Medical Institute ■ Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor. : ;
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
. Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering Of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to tho desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cure* all the ills and troubles that
come from years. of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building, Fort Wayne, Ind., stating' that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The Institute
Is desirous of reaching that great class
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it is to be '
cured of sexual weakness when the !
proper remedies are employed. The in- j
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man i
who writes will be sent a free sample, j
carefully sealed in a plain package so :
that' its recipient .need have no fear of \
embarrassment or publicity. Reader*
requested to write without delay.
$> wj ■■ ■o% 4. m •,■ p. . sts t
• ia ' : ; X : " ■■'.: ■' : rJ , ' - ' Wi ;: uJ : : ■ : ;
I Railway* * Ready , Relief for i Bpra'.ns, . Bruises, .
Bore Muscles. Cramps, Burns, Sunburns, Back-
ache, Headache, Toothache. Rheumatism, Neu-
ralgia. Lumbat-o. •' Internally, for all Bowel
Fains. Colic, Diarrhoea, 1 .: Dysentery, Cholera
Morbua and ■ SlckßMß, Nausea. ?. eta ;• All dru*-
riet». J
tract for supplying groceries and pro
visions to the State Institution for the
Deaf and Dumb and Blind. This is the first
time that the contract has ever been let
to Berkeley merchants.
Mrs. Warring Wilkinson has been elect
ed, a delegate of the Berkeley branch of
the Red Cross Society to the State board.
In place of Mrs. Samuel Haight, resigned.
The local society has contributed $50
toward the fund for erecting a Red Cross
hospital at the Presidio.
The Board of Equalization for the town
of Berkeley finished its sessions to-night.
On the whole but very few reductions
have been made from the original figures
of Town Assessor Wells.
The Callfornian, the college daily paper
of the University of California, will make
its first appearance Monday. C. E. Thom
as ts editor-in-chief and Duncan McDuf
fie business manager. »The places of as
sistants have not as yet been filled.
Returned From Alaska.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 20.— Edward J. Simon
of this city has returned from St. Mich
ael, and does not bring a very encourag
ing account of the prospects in Alaska.
He was on the river steamer James Eva,
wh}ch was being towed up by the Na
tional City, and had a narrow escape
when she went to pieces. He lost all his
outfit and barely escaped with his life.
He found St. Michael crowded with dis
gusted men, and. concluded that the best
thing he could do was to come back
home, returning on the same vessel which
rescued him from the wrecked Eva.
.':' ADVERTISEMENTS.
CHEAPER THAN EVER!
Americar)
A Specialty.
WINDOW MDESJIIDE TO ODDER.
LACE, 3 yds long. 50c pair
A pretty bedroom curtain. - ; ■
Raffle Edge, muslin. sl.2s pair
CHENILLE and TAPESTRY CURTAINS.
Scleterl Tollers,
709 MARKET STREET,
Next to Call Building.
IgpJIRyPTURE
fl^feSS^ i* l l w^ n
j| __^ji#s^, v* (L/ r\ Aw jLJfm
]jk. /J3f\^ We have hundreds of letters
similar to the following now on
' file at our office :
• OCCIDENT,-* 1 - 1 - Sonoma County, Col.
February 2S. 189 S.
Dr Pierce & Son— Gentlemen: I wish to In-
form you that the Magnetic Elastic Truss
which I nurchased at your office the 6th of last
December CURED ME OF RUPTURE WITH-
IN TWO MONTHS. I am over 60 years of age.
'There is no mistake about the fact that your
celebrated Truss will positively CURE RUP-
TURE and I hereby heartily recommend It to
all ruptured persons. Yours sincerely,
C S. COLLINS.
C7lf you don't want to remain ruptured and
have to wear trusses all your life, you should
call at our office or send 2c in stamps for our j
"Pamphlet No. 1," and learn how to get cured. ;
Address
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 MARKET ST., ' .-
Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
TRANSATLANTIC FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG,' GERMANS, OX THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1597, and -for the)
year ending on that day, as made to the In- t
surance Commissioner of the State of Call- i
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611- of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up in
cash $300.000 00
ASSETS. '-..'* 'v
Real estate owned by company $87,300 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company ........ 1,030,586 35
Cash in company's office 443 33
Cash in banks 233,154 20
Interest due and accrued on all -
stocks and loans. ; • 2,57126
Premiums in due course of collection 372,817 94
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid..... 4,301 81
Total asseta .......' $1,731,379 89
LIABILITIES. >.;- lf ,'
Losses adjusted and unpaid, losses '-"
In process of adjustment or in sus- ..
pense, losses resisted, including: ex-
penses ........•......••..■•^•- $131,168 60
Gross premiums on are risks run- s
ning one year or less, , $602,272 61;
reinsurance 60 per cent...* — 301.186 31
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $163,428 02:
reinsurance pro rata,... 95.897 67
Gross premiums on bnrglary risks... 28,750 00
All other demands against the com-
pany ..... ...:....:.. 477,237 39
Total liabilities $1,034.289 87
. INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums '..• •••; $698,567 87
Net cash actually received for bur- ,
glary premiums ••••-, 35,233 44
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from >.
all other sources ■ 41,685 SO
Received for rents.. 6.225 00
Received from all other sources 2.543 68
Total Income ..............'. $783,257 "9
' EXPENDITURES. ...
Net amount paid for fire losses $396,165 62
Net amount paid for. burglary losses. 3,854 28
Dividends to stockholders.. 45,000 00
Paid or allowed for , commission or
brokerage .........•.•••■•"•■•••••••••.• 111,449 59
Paid ■ for salaries, fees and other
charges 1 for. officers, clerks, etc.... 62,37154
Paid for State, national and local .
taxes • 8.053 89
All other payments and expenditures 80,374 18
Total expenditures $697,899 10
" Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year...... $451,992 38
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount - of ' risks
written during the year $397,631,431 $1,606,942 87
Net amount of risks ex- ' - : ,
pired during the yea-.. 222,348.463 574,307 89
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1897.......... .248,235.467 765.710 63
' '■■/"'.: - ". J. BLUMBERGER; President.
Subscribed and. sworn to before me this. 9th
day of April. 1898. HUGH S. PITCAIRN,
United States . Consul. .,:
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT j
213 Sansome Street, San Francisco.
V. CARDS DRIFFIELD, Manager.
H. DANKER, Asst. Manaarer.
rT ' ' ■ -=-S . -*-- - - 7,—%- — z. — :_ — -.«,,t-t».— »-»_■ ,
Subscribers camping at localities along the line of railroads
where there are no postal facilities can have The Call
thrown off at their camp by sending nams and location
of camp to The Call Subscription Department
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS,
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
New and Commodious Hotel, , .
Elegantly Furnished,
Lighted by Electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY THE WATERS
AT ; HIGHLAND SPRINGS.
FINEST SWIMMING TANK IN LAKE COUNTY.
This resort has no rival in variety and me-
dicinal properties of its Mineral Waters, its in-
vigorating Plunge, Hot or Cold Mineral Baths,
Climate or Scenery. - '' : «"'"* \,'
Physician in attendance. Deer and Small
Game plentiful.
TABLE UNSURPASSED.
Reached by the Shortest Stage Route Into
Lake County. Round-trip fare from San Fran-
cisco, via Hopland, $8; via Calistoga, *9. Fall
season hotel rates, $10 and $12 per week.
For further Information address
HIGHLAND SPRINGS, Lake Co.. C*l.
Or see, in San Francisco, : •■ ? -- •••
L. D. CRAIG, Montgomery St.
r : PACIFIC
CONGRESS SPRINGS
Santa Clara County,
Three hours from San Francisco, via Los
Gat os ; 6 months roundtrip ticket, $4, or via.
Santa Clara, S3 50. New swimming tank, 180x73
feet, and other improvements.
Hot and cold, mineral baths. ... .
Climate, scenery and location unec'ialed.
' ' .; JOHN S.MATHESON., Manager.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest s<-fnery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc. » . - - ;
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming Lake. Long-distance' Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms. $10 and $15 per week; $2 and $2 50 per
day. R. M. HORTON. Proprietor.
08/ & f^OO HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma Co.
\R £sli!l.\ nl y 4t -i hours from S. F. and
OIXMUUU but 9 miles staging; waters
noted lor medicinal virtues; best natural bath
in State: telephone: • telegraph .diily "' mall;
FIRST-CLASS SERVICE: morning and after-
noon stages; round trip from S. F. only $5 50;
take "Tiburon ferry- at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m.
Terms. $2 a day or. $12 a week. Reference, any
guest or the past three years. J. F. ML'L-
GREW. Proprietor. * \
T r»C rTTTT TrflQ warm springs.
JLUO VJUlljlt'UO Kenwood, Sonoma Co.,
On the • bank : of '■ Sonoma Creek. An unrivaled
place for quiet rest, f Warm sulphur baths.'
Fine swimming pool. Grand old oaks and other
natural attractions. ' Cheap fare. Liberal table.
Terms. $1 per day. School vacation being over,
can accommodate a few select people In tent or
cottage. For particulars address MRS. P. T.
M. WATE, Kenwood, or P. T. M. WATE, In-
ternal Revenue Office, city. T '
HOWARD springs, 0.. "
nfiW ARIJ putah p. 0..
lIV IT ryk\JL* : LAKE COUNT
Accommodations unsurpassed.
Rates $8, $10 and $12. Special terms to fam-
ilies. Postofflce and telephone. . ■
Round trip, $10. Southern Pacific office, «13
Market street. ' .
Address MRS. R. J. BEKRY.
FREE FROM FOGS AND COLD WINDS
CAMP MEEKER e h ,o c rt *%££
the Giant Redwoods of Sonoma County. Boat-
ing, . bathing, and tent grounds free; fine fish-
ing; climate perfect. Board and lodging, $5-50
and $6; unfurnished rooms, $1 per week. ■ Train
stops at camp. Via Sausallto ferry, round trip,
$3; good for ninety days. . •■ .;.:...-: v"
SUMMIT SODA
- SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation, 6009 • feet.
Daily mail. Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June 1. -Address GOUL-
DEN JACOBS, Dormer, Placer Co.. Cal.
SPRING VALE RANCH.
Santa Cruz Mountains. Pleasure and health
resort. Delightful walks through redwood can-
yons. Hunting and fishing. Fresh fiuit. Table
first-class. Free bus. Write for pamphlet.
WHITCOMB CO., Soquel. Cal. -
The advertisement canvasser for a St. Louis daily paper says of
Ripans Tabules': ■ " Ever since I can . remember I have been troubled
with constipation in its severest form. ; So J acute, in fact, at times, as
to produce -dreadful headaches that, notwithstanding all the outdoor :
work afforded me by my vocation, and the latitude it 'allowed me .to •
test my pedestrian abilities — which is supposed ;to be -a successful ;
manner of displacing constipation— l was very often compelled to '
forego my pursuit of 'business.' Constipation with me seemed to
be • hereditary rather thau due :. to accidental causes, therefore mii cfa : -,
■ harder to relieve. In my extremity I often resorted to most drastio'
measures, but found .ho cure to be permanent; In 1892, while con- ;
nected with the Times of El ; Paso, Tex., Ripans Tabules were brought '
to my notice, and I used them with marked success. Nowadays I
never suffer from such severe cases of ' constipation, and the violent ' ;
headaches I formerly experienced never worry me in the least; Some- ;
times, though," when 'I allow myself to ■ lapse for a period into irreg- '
ular _ habits, I become slightly constipated, but by taking the Tabulesv
• according to directions, my. bowels again perform their functions vi i"
highly pleasing manner,"
ii» , SANTA . .
'^t^n catalina;
America's greatest field fur health and pleas-
ure. Most phenomenal rod and reel fishing in
the world. The wonderful ' Marine Gardens;
the great stage ride; delightful coast excur-
sions; novel o '.ioor sports; dancing; pyrotech-
nics; water carnivals, etc. THE FAMOUS
MARINE BAND „-.- - splendid ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL METROPOLE,
Always open; modern ap- tntments; efficient
::.>..- management. ■■•■■■:
ISLAND VILLA,
Open July 1. Splendid arrangement for
• - • campers. . .
Full information, rates, illustrated pamphlets,
Wilmington Transportation Company,
222 South .Spring at. Los Angeles. Cal.
'fr .. ■ I ■ CONTR A
t Jy Hotelnew throughout; lighted with
B>«. Arm. gas;' hot CONTRA cure
rVROAI COSTA CO..
! " 'V^^ CAL.
Hotel new throughout: lifrhtod with
. acetyline Ras; hot salt baths, cure
; \a rheumatism; new and commodious
■ ■ swimming tank; ■• scientific sanitary
j Kf methods; rates low. Address
\M- ' A. BETTENS,
HOT SPRINGS Manager.
*>* P X REST and HEALTH
Id the foothills of the Sierra onC.P.R.B,
Plain, quiet retreit. Shiest, ncrnery. water, mountain air,
fruit, and all the year aroomi cltaate (a California. ■
ideal grouaili and surrounding,. On K. R . Ist. miles fromSu Fna.
$8 a week. Open all year. Send for Booklet
Address: Orchard Sprint. Chicasro Park, Cal.
iilsTsil
The best pleasure . and health resort and
mineral springs in ■ California. Terms $9 to
$12. Round trip $3 75. . . • . . .
FRESE & JUERGENSEN, Mark West
Springs, Sonoma County, Cal-
CARLSBAD
A, MINERAL SPRINGS.
MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOT IN LAKE COUNTY.
Waters unsurpassed for STOMACH, - LIVER.
KIDNEY and BLADDER affections.- Round-
trip ticket . direct to Carlsbad Springs. Lake
County, via S. . F. and N. P. R. R., $9. Terms,
$S to $10 per week.
- W. R. McGOVERN, Proprietor.
M A I\l?rfclVF MINERAL SPRINGS,
jTlf\l/IVvFl^I-' Santa' Clara County. A
first-elaas mountain health resort. Elevation.
2200 feet: Cures asthma, indigestion and kid-
ney troubles. -' Terms, $9 and $10 per week.'
Stage connects with morning trains at Madrons
Monday, . Wednesday and Saturday. •■-. -/;;•
' JAMES CARTER. Manager.
THE WEEKLY CALL
o/ It Publishes the Cream of th»
LJ News of the Week and • * <
3 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
<J ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
eJ PAPER ON THE
i ~J PACIFIC COAST ■
3\ / —
1) The Best \ / Mining
°» Telegraphic NyX News That
I°\ Service on /\ ' s Accurate
01 The Coast / \&uptodat«
oc y x _
o{ .-'■';::;:_;..>.,;;.•,;:
o( Not a Line of It Sensational
or Faky, and Not a Line of
2 it " Dry or Uninteresting.
CX Bright, Clean, A Champion of
j Thoughtful. ' Truth.
i; " i
1516
TROOPS SAIL
FOR MANILA
THIS MORNINC
The Arizona Will Start
at 10 O'clock.
SCANDIA GOES WEDNESDAY
THE HTTMBOLDT IS ON ITS WAY
TO ST. MICHAEL.
It Carries Battery A of ths Third
Artillery, Which Will Do Duty _
at Various Points in
Alaska.
The transport steamer Arizona will sail
for Manila this morning at 10 o'clock with
1206 troops and officers, j'he troops.con
sist of the Third Battalion of the Eight
eenth Infantry 470 men. in command of
Major Charles R. Paul. 2;>4 recruits for
the Tenth Pennsylvania, Lieutenant Col
onel James E. Barnett commanding; 305
recruits for the First Nebraska. Cap
tain George H. Goldman commanding,
and 124 recruits for the First Colorado,
Captain F. W. Carroll commanding.
Brigadier General King will sail m the
Arizona with the following staff: Cap
tain J. B. Handy, commissary of subsist
ence; Second Lieutenant H. M. Merriam,
Third Artillery, aid; Major William H.
Corbusier, surgeon, with Hospital Stew
ard Charles yon Radesky. and George
Egan and Oscar F. Campbell of the Hos
pital Corps; Major E. R. Morris, surgeon;
Acting Assistant Surgeon C. F. de May,
and one civilian clerk. Second Lieuten
ant H. M. Boutelle, Third Artillery; Al
exander T. Reid. Walter T. Martin, rif
teen members of the Hospital corps un
der Hospital Steward Thomas D. Jlare
and six Red Cross nurses will go on the
Arizona.
Major General Merrlam, accompanied
by his aid-de-camp. Lieutenant Bennstt,
and Lieutenant Graves, also sails this
morning on the Arizona, his destination
being Honolulu, where he wi'l remain at
least a month. He goes there to pre
pare arrangements for the rejapUOn of
all the expeditionary forces romf.imntf a:
San Francisco, which, under instructions
from the War Department -eoeived vts
terdoy are to be sent to Honolulu as soon
a? possible after the departure of the
Scoiidia with the troops assigned to it for
Manila.
The Scandia will sail next Wednesday
with the remaining battalion of the Twen
ty-third Infantry and about 300 recruits
for the Second Oregon, at Manila, and the
remaining companies of the First New
York Regiment, which will be landed at
Honolulu. The Scandia, after reaching
Manila, is to be used as a hospital ship.
• The scene at the Folsom-street wharf
yesterday afternoon during the embarka
tion of troops was a busy one, and the
Red Cross ladies had a big job on hand in
providing the 1206 men with lunches. They
said that every man had all he wanted to
eat. It was the biggest lunch that the
Red Cross has yet given. The ladies
worked hard, and did not finish their task
in caring for the soldiers until 7 o'clock
In the evening. The soldiers appreciated
their kindness and will carry away with
them the pleaeantest memories of the
ladies of the Red Cross of San Francisco.
■The Arizona pulled out into the stream
at about 1 o'clock this morning, being
-. ADVERTISEMENTS. •
WARM SHAMPOOS
WITH
■ ■ . - • . : ;. ; '■ '.-. - : •
■ * Pl&jPs \s : Vfe /mif \filil\ iiiHil
• and light dressings with CUTICURA, purest of emollients and greatest of skin
.. cures, will clear the scalp and hair of crusts, scales and dandruff, soothe irri-
tated and itching surfaces, stimulate the hair follicles, supply the roots with
energy and nourishment, and thus i produce luxuriant, lustrous hair, with clean,
wholesome scalp, when all else fails. V , : -
.. Hfc, „ •
C^ND (^|OI C RA^H HF"AX" RA^W sunburn, bites and stings of insects, inflammations, irrl-
r V^ * -'^. ■•■ r , l\MOn, nt-MI nMOn, tations, -chaflngs', and undue or offensive perspiration,
: and many sanitive uses, nothing so cooling, soothing, purifying and refreshing as a bath with CUTICURA SOAP,
the most effective skin purifying and beautifying soap in ; the world, as ; well: as purest and sweetest for toilet, bath
and nursery. ~J." .' ', ..- ; -- '.. •• ■.;..'• .' ■.'.-:*•.../ ,"J:- .;,^ '-■• %- : '\ ':'■■■■)';■' ■'■'■ ■■■'■ ■■ • • '
Bold throughout the world. Price, CUTICURA SOAP, 25c: CUTICURA (ointment), 60c. POTTER" DRUG AND CHEM. ' CORP.,
Bole Props,. Boston. British Depot: F. NEWBERY &.SONB, 1 King Edward «t., Londpn, E. C. Send for "How to Save Tour . Hair/' ■••
' mailed free. :•;•■■.■ .■■=■■; ..;..-■--,•■*-:■'. ■■..- ■•- -- -■...■■.-■ -. . , .'■""•';• .. ? .- ■■ -•-. i■-
A BIG GARRISON AT HONOLULU.
All Remaining Expeditionary Forces to Be Sent
at Once to the Islands— General Merriam
Sails TMs Morning.
Major General Merriam, commanding the Department of California,
which now includes the Hawaiian Island-, sails for Honolulu this morning
on the steamer Arizona. His departure at this time is somewhat unex
pected, as he had not Intended to visit the islands until after the forward-
Ing of all the Philippine expeditionary forces that were to be sent to
Manila; but yesterday afternoon he received instructions from the War
Department to have all the expeditionary forces remaining in San Fran
cisco transported to Honolulu, there to await further orders. This dis
patch came as a complete surprise, and General Merriam at once concluded
to sail on the Arizona In advance of the troops, in order to prepare for
their reception and care while they are stationed there. The shipment of
these troops will leave but a mere handful of soldiers in San Francisco.
General •Merriam, who embarked on the Arizona last evening, said:
"This sudden and unexpected turn in affairs necessitates my Imme
diately going to Honolulu to have matters properly arranged for the expe
ditionary forces which are to be sent from San Francisco as soon as possi
ble on t,he transports City of Sydney, the Australia and the City of
Peking. The expeditionary forces remaining here after the departure of
the Scandia on Wednesday next for Manila will consist of the Seventh
California, the Fifty-first lowa, the First Tennessee, the Twentieth Kan
sas-all full regiments— and the California Heavy Artillery, 400 men, under
Major Rice. These are the troops that are to go to Honolulu. How long
they will remain there is something that I can't answer. Honolulu will be
a Bert of half-way station. The supplies will have to be transported from
San Francisco. The necessity of a cable to Honolulu will now be demon
strated, and I am of the opinion that this n.ove .will have considerable ef
fect In hastening cable commimication with our new territory, which, has
now teoome so important a midocean station. Should more troops be
needed for Manila it will be seen that a ditpatch-boat would have to be
sent to Honolulu, and therefore the removal of the troops to that port,
while placing them nearer the Philippines, will not get them to Manila any
sooner than If they had remained in San Francisco.
"The move.no doubt, will be appreciated by the men, who have become
restless and impatient owing to Inactivity, and the change of scene and
climate will do them good. I am under the impression that this movement
is the result of the efforts of influential friends of the various regiments
who desired to have the wishes of the men for some active service gratified.
Whether they ever will see active campaign service Is problematical. That
depends upon the course of events in the Philippines.
"The Arizona and Scandia could not carry a full complement of sol
diers, as we had to make room for extra supplies that were demanded for
Manila I had no orders except to send the troops that have been desig
nated for these two ships, which take less than 2000 soldiers, although
their combined capacity is 3300. I had designated the Seventh California
for the Scandia, but I was suddenly ordered to stop sending any more
troops to General Merritt and to wait for further instructions. I then sug
gested to the War Department— in fact begged— that t~e trd«ps needed to
fill the incomplete regiments at Manila be sent forward, together with
needed supplies. The suggestion was approved, and as a result the Ari
zona and Scandia carry the odds and ends of the various organizations,
with a large quantity of supplies. My suggestion that the Scandia be con
verted into a hospital ship upon arriving at Manila was also approved.
That order came on the 16th. ... ■ ■__
"I understand that great-difficulties will be encountered In finding a
suitable damping ground for the troops at Honolulu. I have received a
letter from Colonel Barber, who says as yet he has been unable to get a
camping ground fit even for a single regiment, owing to the unfavorable
nature of the country in the vicinity of Honolulu. Lieutenant Graves,
who, with Lieutenant Burnett, accompanies me, goes to Honolulu to act
as muster!ng-ln officer of the native Hawaiian troops.
"After the departure of the expeditionary forces for Honolulu there
will remain in San Francisco the First Washington Volunteers and the
Eighth California, neither of which regiments has been assigned to the
Elgnth Army Corps, and the garrison at the Presidio."
rblige4 owing to her great depth, to take
advantage of the extreme high tide.
SAILED FOR "THE YUKON.
Departure of thp Humboldt for
St. Michael With Battery
A, Third Artillery.
Batten' A. Third Artillery, consisting of
' 193 men. under Lieutenant McManus, left
i the Presidio at 8 o'clock yesterday morn
1 ing to embark on the steamer Humboldt,
at the Jackson-street wharf, for St.
< Michael. The men were given a lunch by
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1898,
the ladles of the Red Cross before they
'went on board.
It was expected that the Humboldt
would sail at noon, but she did not get
away until 4 o'clock owing to the delay In
putting on a large quantity of extra
freight. Meantime the soldiers occupied
themselves stuffing straw into mattresses
which had been provided for them in ad
dition to those already in the berth:; of the
steamer. The Humboldt carried a year's
supply of provisions for the battery, as
well as an extra Quantity for destitute
men at St. Michael. Another supply of
provisions of over 200 tons will soon follow
the Humboldt on another steamer..
The battery upon reaching St. Michael
will be divided into four detachments.
One detachment will be stationed at St.
Michael; another will go up the Yukon to
Rampart City; a third to Old Fort Yu
kon, and the fourth to Circle City.
THE TENNESSEE RIOT.
Formal Charges Have Been
Preferred Against the Four
Men Under Arrest.
Privates Davis, Clarke and Anderson,
of Company L, and Scruggs of Company
E, First Tennessee Regiment, are the
soldiers who will have to appear before
a court-martial to answer to the charge
of assault upon the person and property
of Dan Thomas. Lieutenant Fowler,
who conducted the investigation, sub
mitted to General Miller yesterday,
through Colonel Smith, the charges lhat
he has preferred against these men. He
only found evidence to implicate the
men named, although more soldiers were
engaged in the riot. The men will be
ordered before a court-martial this veek,
and there is no doubt that they will
be severely punished. Private Scruggs
will have to answer to the separate
charge of assaulting Thomas when he
was in the custody of Major Cheathim.
This charge is the most serious of any
preferred.
Colonel Smith has not yet replied to the
bill of complaint of the Thomas family,
asking for $5000 damages, which was fu'>
mitted to him by General Miller. V/hen
the colonel makes his formal reply, vhich
will be this week, Gener-il Miller »• 111
appoint the board of officers to assess the
damages.
War Incidents.
The Seventh California will be moved
over to Presidio this \Vt?ek after the
remaining companies of the First. New
York leave.
The following deaths occurred at the
Division Field Hospital yesterday: Priv
ates James A. Lancaster. Company M,
Twenty-third Infantry; William Romerts,
Company L, Second Oregon Regiment,
pneumonia, following measles.
STOLE JUST FOR FUN.
Pretty Shoplifters Captured at tbc Emporium
With a Valise Full of Plunder.
DOUBLE MURDER
IS ATTEMPTED
Cowardly Deed of a Slav
Near Campbell.
VICTIMS SHOT FROM BEHIND
ONE FATALLY, THE OTHER
ONLY SLIGHTLY WOUNDED.
All Companion Fruit-Pickers on the
Wright xvanch — Cause of Crime
Unknown — Assassin
Under Arrest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 20.— A deliberate at
tempt at double murder was made by
John Cohkati upon John Ban and An
tonio Luco this evening about sun
down. Ban will probably die. but Luco
has only a flesh wound. The only rea
son that both were not killed outright
is that the horse attached to the
wagon containing all three men jumped
and deflected the assassin's aim. All
the parties are Slavonians. They have
been at work on the fruit ranch of Dan
Wright in the Willows, not far from
Campbell.
When the men quit work this even
ing they got into a wagon to come to
town. The two men who were shot
took seats in front. The would-be
murderer got up behind. Before they
started Cohkati pulled a big pistol and
fired directly at Ban. The horse jump
ed, but not in time to save the vic
tim, who received a ball in the back be
tween the point of the left shoulder and
the spinal column. Another shot was
taken at Luco, but the jump of the
horse caused the bullet to inflict only a
flesh wound.
A crowd of employes ran up and the
infuriated man emptied his pistol at
them, but hit no one. He escaped and
came to town, where he was arrested in
a Slavonian restaurant. No cause for
the shooting is known.
To-night Ban is reported to be in an
exceedingly dangerous condition and
the physicians -doubt his recovery. He
remains at the ranch, where he was
shot, being cared for by the owner.
Big Fire in Baker City, Oregon.
BAKER CITY, Or., Aug. 20.— Fire this
morning destroyed the McCord building,
two frame buildings and Rust's Opera
house. The total loss on the buildings
and the various stocks of goods is $22,
000; insurance about $7000.
Rust's cold storage building was also
partially destroyed, but it was covered by
Insurance."
Ladles' tailor-r. df suits; latest designs; we
give credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Sutter, r. 6 4 7.
SHOPLIFTERS
ARE AT LUST
IN THE TOILS
Two Young Women
Caught in the Act.
PLEADED TO BE RELEASED
TILLIE FEISANDEI/LASHEABER
THE CULPBxTS.
When Detected They Attempted to
Escape but Were Too Slow, and
Were Finally Landed in
Prison.
Tillle Fels of 137 Eureka street and
Ella Shearer of 315 Mason street were
arrested last evening by Special Officers
Allen and Green of the Emporium on
Market street and charged with shop
lifting. Two feather boas, two silk
scarfs, a bronzed bust, a bolt of ribbon,
two pairs of gloves and some ladies'
underwear, all of which had been
stolen, were found in their possession.
Both women were well dressed and
had an air of respectability.
Shortly after r o'clock they visited
the Emporium and pretended to be
anxious to purchase some dress goods.
One of the women carried a small
satchel, which could be opened by the
slightest touch of the finger. A female
attache of the store saw them place
the ribbon in the satchel and she at
once notified the floor-walker. The lat
ter started after them and as he was
about to question them they dropped
the satchel containing the stolen arti
cles and ran from the place. Green
and Allen, who are specially employed
to look out for shoplifters, gave chase
and overtaking the women placed them
under arrest.
They begged piteously to be released,
claiming they were respectable women
and had taken the articles "Just for
fun," as one of them expressed it. Not
withstanding their tearful protestations
they were taken to the City Prison in
the patrol wagon and formally charged
with petty larceny.
When asked for an explanation of
their conduct the fair prisoners as
sumed an innocent air and blushingly
demanded to know why they had been
arrested. On being confronted with
the evidence of their guilt they begged
to be released.
"We are both respectable tfrls," re
marked the Feis woman, who is only
20 years of age. "My God, what will
our parents say?"
She. however, persistently refused to
state why she and her companion had
stolen the articles.
"We did not" need them," she rather
pitifully remarked; "both Ella and I
have the same articles at home."
Subsequently the Feis woman ad
mitted that her companion had stolen
the articles, but she declared that she
knew nothing about it until they were
arrested.
FIENDISH CRIMES OF
A GEORGIA NEGRO
Brutally Murders Two Women and a
Man— Strung Up and Biddled
With Bullets.
MACON, Ga., Aug. 20.— A special to the
Telegram from Mercurlus, Ga., says: Th*
most fiendish crime in the history of
Sumter County, or the wuole State, was
committed at Friendship, twelve miles
west of here, last night.
Mrs. James McGarray and her son,
James Byrne, were murdered by a negro
with an ax while they were in their beds.
After this double murder the fiend caught
a negro woman, tied tier to a tree in the
woods and mutilated her in a shocking
manner. She died, but not until she had
told the murderer's name.
The woods and fields for miles about
were scoured by a posse, many negroes
joining in the chase for the murderer. In
the meantime, it Is said, the negro woman
who was found tied in the woods and mal
treated made a statement as to the guilty
negro and pointed out as the culprit one
of the most diligent in the search of the
supposed criminal. After thoroughly sat
isfying themselves of his guilt, the black
brute was strung up and his body riddled
with bullets.
Zangwill, the Author, Coining.
LIVERPOOL. Aug. 20.— Israel Zang
will, the novelist and Journalist, is a pas
senger on the Lucania, which left Liver
pool for New York to-day.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SILKS!
We beg to announce the opening
this week of an elegant assortment of
NEW NOVELTY SILKS.
Ombre Plaid Taffetas. Equal Stripe Taffeta,
latest colorings. Light Ground Warp Print
Taffeta, new designs. Ombre Plaid Taffeta,
black satin stripes. Warp Print Checked
Taffeta. Checked Taffeta, black Satin
stripes. Fancy Bayadere Stripe Taffeta,
Dresden Stripe Taffeta and Changeable
Taffeta, with white satin stripes.
SPECIAL.
15 pieces Black Satin Dochesse, all pare
silk and 24 inches wide,
$100
I Yard.
Regular Value $1.25.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
KILLED IN A
DANCE HULL
James Burns Shot by
William Harrison.
WAS PROBABLY AN ACCIDENT
THE MEN HAVE BEEN CLOSE
FBIENDS FOR YEARS.
Police Sergeant Duke Kept Harrison
at an Outside Sta ion Until It
Was Too Late for Burns
to Identify Him.
James Burns, a painter, was shot and
killed in the dressing-room of a dance
hall at Masonic avenue and Geary streets
by William Harrison, another painter, at
a late hour last night.
The two men were attending the regu
lar nightly dance, and, according to the
story told by Harrison, the killing was
altogether accidental. He says that he
and Burns have been friends for a long
time, and while they were talking in the
hatroom he took out a revolver belong
ing to a friend, which he had taken out
of pawn for him, when Burns grabbed it.
The gun was loaded and in the scuffle it
was discharged, the bullet striking Burns
in the abdomen. He was taken to the
Receiving Hospital, but died In about two
hours.
The police will in all probability be
compelled to take Harrison's statement,
owing to the actions of Sergeant Duke, j
who kept Harrison, whom he had arrest
ed, locked in a cell at the O'Farrell police
station instead of taking him to the hos
pital to be identified and confronted by
the dying man. Duke was told of his
mistake by Sergeant Nash, and he thrn
hurried to make amends for his blunder,
but when he reached the hospital with
his prisoner the victim of the shooting
was dead.
The two men wore alone in the room
when the shooting took place, and they
were both under the influence of liquor.
From the information that the police
could gather last night the officers are
of the opinion that the shot was the ro-
Eult of a drunken, playful scuffle, with
a dangerous weapon for a toy.
A Noted Mine-Owner Dead.
John Perschbaocker, who was taken to ,
the Harbor Hospital Wednesday after a
paralytic stroke, died yesterday evening.
Mr. Perschbaecker owned the Napoleon
group of mines in Mexico, and was the
discoverer and original owner of the fa
mous Perschbaecker mine at Magalia. in
Butte County. He was 75 years old and.
leaves a widow and daughter, residing at
760 Telegraph avenue, Oakland, and a son
who is managing the mines in Mexico.
Sanctuary Society Officers.
At the annual election of the Sanctu
ary Society of St. Ignatius Church the
following officers were chosen: Prefect,
Walter Williams; first assistant, Leo Len
non; second assistant. Henry D. Fanning;
treasurer, Leo S. Simpson; censor, Ed
ward F. O'Day; recording secretary,
Zacheus J. Maher; corresponding secre
tary, Hubert Hussey; vestry prefects,
Henry Lonergan and James Darmody.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Lottie Engelstrom has applied for a
divorce from Charles Engelstrom. The
plaintiff alleges cruelty as a cause of
complaint. Harry A. West has sued his
wife, Alice W. West, for a divorce.
Cruelty Is named as the cause of action.
-«-o-*-o-«-o-«-o ■♦- o -•■ o -•* o -♦- o -♦- o-*-o-*-o-*o-»
£ CASH OR LITTLE- AT-A-TIMB. %
O -^H^. J « \\-I \\~-\\}st O
I J li'jjj ) r^ £
2 J^l** 111 ?
o sj^- o
I ? A SPECIAL FOR NEXT WEEK. 9
▼ COMMENCING TO-MORROW: ▼
+ ROCK.ERS &1.7S *
O SOLID OAK OR O
♦ MAHOGANY FINISH ▲
O COBBLER SEAT. q
4 "We would much rather have you see a
0 them and let them talk for themselves. I
x but. bear in mind OUR PRICES. «
1 • whether cash or. Httle-at-a-tlme, are ♦
" lower than those of cash houses. O
? J. NOON AN, J
O Complete House-Furnisher, o
♦ 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST., ♦
O , Above Sixth. °
£ 'Phone, South 14. Open Evenings. J
Model No. 22
CLEVELAND
-UiiDi- V rilicLil 11
BICYCLES
NOW Will You
Ride a Cleveland?
LE AY ITT & BILL
309 LARKIN STREET. S. F.
20 BAN PABLO AVENUE, OAKLAND.
f
II .« FINE TAILORING
/Si'Jvk PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
frSS^Bk- WORKMANSHIP, at
»lKl"¥ - 25 per cent Less than Other
iHff Tailors Charge, Go to
%I 1 JOE POHEIM
/ 1;1 All Wool Suits to <( 10 to CO
I- || -■■■ Order from ,J> l Z4>wJ
V 1 h'-m PanU>rom .. . $4toslo4 to $l0
jV"^ . 201 and 203 Montgomery St.
844 and 846 Market St.,
1 110 and It 12 Market St. San Francitc*.
TO PROPERTY OWNERS!
WANTED—
:\ For a large institution, suitable office quar-
ters, ;to contain about 10 rooms. In one or two
stories,; central location, between Market, But-
ter, Stockton and Polk, corner preferred; 10-
year lease guaranteed. Apply to EDMUND
' KOLLOFRATH, 833 MarlcetjStreeW -FALL
OF THE
KING
OF
SPECU
LATORS
LIST OF HOOLEY'S OPERATIONS.
Tbm period of hin transactions wa« between the spring of 1895 and this
-. ■;: • -. •? cleared $50,000,000 on his stock operations.
iriv all of i*. and the stock of his companies to hay depre
00 in value to $24,000,000 at the present time. Ills finan
cial chronology is:
< -.he Ptcck market cf Nottingham $100,000
■ . . Tire Company for 20,000.000
in this deal 10-
Cornp :.y for 5,000.000
v.n profit ■ n this deal 5.800.000
. Tube Company for 3.000,000
■ . ■■■ carriage company for 5.0>0.000
baritles 2,(h>0,00q
In- Bh landed states 10.000.000
: p 1,000.000
. hta 500.000
-c for the a^ed and lnf.rm of England by
rain tax 200.000.000
-.. < ■ red ■ t for J a loan of 55.000.000
Paid out to nobiemen and :.. wspapers as protection
• y 717.500
Offered I I In Parliament 50,000
• 1 rooms, per week LjuO '
Wei • mkruptcy o:; a dishonored check for 500
His liabilities are unknown. 80 are i-i* present resources. His income
frr n a ]:-.■ when he left Nottingham was between $15,000 and
ear. Hia dally expenses for living- ir. London have been e:-:timat-
He gave St. Paul's Church a gold communion service, solid.
last year, which coal an enormous sum. The directors of the church have
. it to Ins creditors.
SPECULATOR ERNEST TERAH
IIOOLEY has just completed his
meteoric career In London, and
is now in the insolvent's court
trying to explain how he made
his colossal fortune, how it was lost and
vl-ier:? his creditors had best look for
remnants.
••.In less than three years by daring
speculations he transformed his few
thousand dollars into $50,000,000. The
m-thods of ordinary speculators are
dwarfed to those of petty per cent
sharpers when compared to the mag
nlfice-nt ways in which Hooley raked in
niiiiioiis of pounds sterling. London,
thi'home of glittering speculation, has
raisieii countless promoters of financial
JusKiers, but she never saw the like of
Huolty, His chief success was due to
. bribery, over-capitalization and un
bridled, gambling in chances. But the
mok sensational part of his glittering,
fkvrucket career is now at the close,
•where in court he announces to the
■ft:v|r]d how be bribed prominent British
pefers and financial papers with large
sums of money. These two features
viji- sufficiently illustrate the degener
acy of English company promoting.
T : h>>y are the purchase of "show" direc
. tors, and press bribery and blackmail.
These two sources jf expense \and
prttflt)- are what made and also ruined
■) '■ . i«-y.
. •= Imagine paying two noble lords $125,
000 leach in cash for the use of their
•names •as directors of a single com
pany! Think of paying $50,000 for a sin
' gle article in/a venal newspaper, and
. $12,500 to another, Imply to prevent its
.attacking an honest enterprise! But
• these are things which Hooley swears
he.'<lsd. in the ordinary course of busi
ijes's..- ' /,-■"
.' Hooley himself is nobody. By all ac
counts what he was able to accom
plish ■■ was due more to the people he
had -to deal with, the peculiar condition
of .speculation in England during the
last- three years, than to any extraor
dinary powers of his own.
• Vilhird was a genius. He made the
Northern Piu:ific a certainty when
others doubted. De Lessens was an
engineer of acknowledged reputation.
.Colonel North, the nitrate king, was a
diamond in the rough. But ransack
the .life doings of Hooley from begin-
. ning .-to end and his performances are
pyrotechnical. smack of trie .vaudeville,
end jil financial distrust and financial
dishonor.
! He' found the lust of money in Eng-
stronger among cultured peers
than, .among the working poor. He
heeded Walpole's dishonest sneer that
The San Francisco Call
I every man has his price, and purchased
i the nobility right and left.
One can haruly think other than that
Hooley and his noble and ignoble as
| soeiates must be men of the dame
! lita.np, and regret neither the exposure
nor the. downfall.
'"he capitalization of the various Hoo
enterprlset auring the thirty-six
rrK iths he was a ilgure in London was
00,000. In value they first fell off
40 •er cent after their flotation. To the
pi tent writing their value decrease has
bc«-n CO per cent. Something valuable
wifi be round in the wreckage, but not
m*eh.
,§nd this was all done by a man who
ln?1895 was a Nottingham lacemaker,
i an^ obscure fellow with an income of
$If*OGO or $20,000 a year and tremendous
'ir»:,.s. Nottingham has a population
' y of 100,000. Formerly the workingmen
, to«-*k their labor to their homes. Then
Ca^ne great buildings, in which they
W< re lodged during working hours.
H< >icy at 21 owned one of these build
ings devoted to lacework. That was
Beventeen years ago.
He was not consnicuous in the com
mercial life of the town. He. paid his
debts, made a reasonable profit on his
lace, minerled little in the political or
social life of the place, but dreamed.
In ordinary conversation your Amer
ican will class the French or the Span
ish as the greatest gambling nations of
Europe. This is absolutely wrong. The
greatest gambling nation of Europe,
and for that matter of the wqrld, Is
Mother England. The disease in Eng
land largely takes the form of stock
speculation. The greater the iridescent
Stock rainbow that can be projected In
England the more certain the rich re
ward for the projector. Hooley himself
knew this when in 1895 he made the
first move which brought him to where
he is to-day.
To Julian Ralph he eaid: "I have al
ways gone in for big things. If you go
halfway up the ladder you will find it
crowded with competitors. If you go
to the top you practically have the field
to yourself. There are plenty of men
ready to deal in thousands, but they
pet frightened when you talk of mil
lions."
He went to the top, and from his
dizzy eminence beckoned to the mad
throng of peers, financiers, merchants,
clerks, bookkeepers, half-crazy women
and working people beneath to follow
him. They saw him perched in the sun
light of gold and tried to climb, throw
ing* their wealth ahead of them at his
feet. But the foundation was bad; the
fatal overbalance came, and then the
tumble.
Hoc-ley's name was added to that of
Jabez Balfour, Baron Grant, Colonel
North and the late Davenport Dunn,
gentleman.
Fifty million dollars is the Interest
for one year at 5 per cent on $1,000,000,
000 In the three years of 1895, 1896
and 1897 Hooley, in one form or an
other and with a capital of leso than
$250,000 to begin with, made $50,000,000.
That sober, staid England should not
have appreciated that this sort of thing
is a human impossibility, save that one
is a born scoundrel, passes comprehen
sion. The memories of the South Sea
bubble of Law, of Louisiana and the
Mississippi venturee of Argentina and
the nitrate beds were valueless.
Hooley first tried his speculative hand
at home. He had been working at his
factory sixteen hours a day. He was
so close a business man that he would
not drink nor smoke during working
hours, which, after all, is a big loss of
decent pleasure. He always went to
bed at 10 o'clock and rose early in the
morning, "just to be in front of every
body else," as he puts it. His income
w:ip large enough to make his life a
comfortable one for all his days.
It would not do. He tried the Not
tingham stock market for a few
months and cl >ared $100,000. Then he
said au revoir to his laces and went to
London, unknown, but surcharged with
nerve. He came Into Capel court, the
Wall Ftreft of England, one morning
and engaged offices. He was ready then
10 paralyse every financier in the king
dom, and he did it.
The pneumatic tire craze is much
stronger in England than in this coun
try. One of the great tire companies
of the countr. has been the Dunlop
Pneumatic Tire Company. The finan
cial standing of the instit tion was fair
and its business good. Hooley called
upon its officers and said that he was
prepared to purchase the entire com
pany — what was the price?
The answer was— slo,ooo,ooo. Hooley
asked for a week's option at that price
and it was gtfven to him. In the mean
time he had secured the friendship of
ERNEST TERAH HOOLEY, WHO MADE $50,000,000 AND IS NOW BANKRUPT.
Speculator Hoolev made $50,000,000 in London in less than three years. Now he is bankrupt. He was raised in
Nottingham, Derbyshire, became a lace manufacturer at 21 and a promoter of stock companies at 36. He *s now 39
years of age. If he is married, London journals have failed to reveal it, or whether he is of English or other ex
traction, lie was worth when he camf to London less than a quarter of a million dollars. He is of medium heip-ht,
slender, dark of complexion, quick in speech and more quick in decision. He made Londoners stare at the rapidity
with which he closed business deals. His education has been only moderate; his manners are those of a "pood
fellow." He uresses very quietly, nnd says he is more fond of the breeding of cattle and sheep than of anything
else that he knows of. He has no favorite author or musician. He smokes occasionally and drinks with moderation.
He asserts that he bribed English noMemen and London newspapers to the extent of nearly three-quarters of a mil
lion to support his stock companies.
certain newspapers and journalists and
also the acquaintance of various capi
talists. He called on them to aid him
In the purchase of the company, guar
anteeing handsome profits in return.
l"\vo days after the option had been
given him he had $10,000,000 subscribed
and purchased the company; on the
third day he sold it to his associates
for $20,r00,000, and pocketed $10,000,000
as his profit.
In the transaction, it is stated, Hoo
ley was not called upon to put his
hand in his pocket for a single shilling.
London was staggered at the ease
with which Hooley manipulated the
Dunlop deal. Everybody wanted tire
stock. The most sober-minded Eng
lishman saw all the world on bicycles
equipped with Dunlop tires. Hooley
said it must be so, and Hooley was the
new Midas come to turn all things com
monplace into gold.
The next move of the magician was
to convince investing Englishmen that
every man, woman and child in crea
tion was hungry for Bovril. The stuff
is a beef extract which had been enor
mously advertised abroad for years,
and for which there was a healthy de
mand. Hooley obtained a three-day
option on the company at $2,500,000. The
next morning he sold the company out
right to his friends and the gulls for
$5,000,000. Aladdin never did more won
derful things than this. Dunlop and
Bovril stock went sky high on the stock
exchange. Clerks, small tradesmen,
little fellows that never had a penny,
but wise enough to follow Hooley,
speculated in these stocks and became
rich in a night. Old financiers who
shook their heads and would not follow
him were ruined in a day. He was
financial master of Cape! court and
England. Reporters dogged his heels
to note every doing. Dukes and lords
hobnobbed with him. Apparently he
played with them as if they were pup
pets.
Bicycle manufacturers in England
Just about this time (1896) were at a
standstill in their work because of
lack of tubes. The manufacturers of
tubes could not keep up with the de
mand. Hooley announced that he was
prepared to float the stock of a com
pany which would furnish England and
all the world with any quantity of
tubes. He called the concern the Swe
dish Tube Company and located its
works at Coventrj'. He placed the
capital stock at $3,000,000, and in a
week's time had subscriptions for three
times that amount. The company be
gan operations and paid fair profits for
a time.
Had Hooley stopped here, already
worth $30,000,000, it is possible that his
enterprises (Dunlop, Bovril and the
Swedish works) would have gone on
decently well and that he would have
kept for himself an honored name. But
he either completely lost his head, as
did Barney Barnato, or he could not
control the yellow streak of cheap dis
play in his nature. He had English
stock buyers by the throat, but seemed
unable, now that he was on top, to
keep the grip tight.
Public curiosity could not satisfy it
self as to where he gained his power.
In business he was associated with the
Earl of Delawarr, with Winchelsea,
Lord Deerhurst, Warwick and other
famous men of the nobility. They in
troduced him right and left and their
simple recognition of him gave him a
tremendous prestige with the common
people of the land. With all the
growth of radicalism in England your
Johnny Bull still thinks the seat of all
virtue is to be f«iund in that decaying
bulwark known as the House of Lords.
Englishmen still revere nobility even
if there is nothing in it but shell. Hoo
ley's adroit companionship with men
of blood and name helped him tremen
dously. But how did he do it?
He continued to float r»w business
schemes, and the simple attachment of
his name to their kites made investors
far and wide believe in their security.
He was traveling the path of Barney
Barnato and the Kaffir shares, but no
BRIBES THAT HOOLEY
CLAIMS ME PfllD-
To the
Earl of Delaware $135,000
Earl of Winchilsea 60.000
Earl of Aibemarle 62.500
Earl of Warwick 10.000
Earl of Norhury 10.000
Lord Deerhurst 10,000
Lord Ashburton 10,000
Further fees he alleges to have paid:
Lord March for joining the
Schweppes' board 5.000
To same a further sum per
year of 5,000
Adolphus Drucker. M. P.. ex
cess price of shares 12,500
Sir Blundell Maple, for
similar service 9.000
Lord Walter Lennox, for an
introduction to Lord March 5.000
Lord Ternpleton, for services. 3,500
To one financial editor Pall
Mall Gazette 15,000
To Harry Marks, Financial
News 50,000
To other newspapers for pro
tection 315,000
Grand total of "hush" money
alleged to have been paid.. 5717,500
How much more Hooley disbursed
only he himself can tell.
one appeared ready to institute a paral
lel.
He announced that he would become
a candidate for Parliament, seeking
the seat of llkeston Division of Derby
shire. This seat is now occupied by
Sir Walter Foster. The latter Is a
radical, and the district is supposed to
be safe for that party by 900 votes.
Sir Walter and his friends laughed with
scorn when they learned that the par
venu would fight them, but their rail
lery changed to fear when they felt
his mode of attack. Hooley would
have been chosen for Foster's seat if
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1898.
his financial troubles had not come
upon him at this time.
Hooley has always said that he be
lieved he would yet be one of the Cab- I
met Ministers of England. To help
that belief along he sought the Parlia
mentary seat. First he gave up his
offices in Capel Court, discharged his
clerks, and took rooms at the Midland
Hotel, which cost him $1500 per week.
There three secretaries were in attend
ance on him from 8 in the morning till
10 at night. He transacted almost as
much business in bed as out of it.
He sent for the London reporters and
gave them this interview, announcing
his candidacy:
"You see. my position is a little bet
ter than it was in my early days, and
naturally I want to do everything I can
for the poor of my old home. (Not
tingham is in Derbyshire.) I should
like to represent my old friejids in Par
liament, and being a resident of Ilkes
ton, and not of Birmingham as Sir
Walter is, I have some advantage over
him. He has said that in a contest he
could beat me by 2000 votes."
Hooley's financial crash cut shor? his
political career before the election.
The court's examination into the af
fairs of Mr. Hooley commenced.^ His
assets were shown to be $1,848,815, and
his liabilities $7,745,355. Ke was made
a witness in court, and his testimony
has thrown a bombshell into London
newspaper an^. nobility circles such as
was never hurled there before. Cleve
land House scandals pale before the
testimony of this man. which if true
makes him none the less ignoble; if
false, brands him as the most gigantic
fraud of the age.
On July 27, on the stand in his own
behalf. Hooley said: "The chief reason
for my failure is that my partner
(Rucker) drew $2,500,000 out of my en-
terprises within two months."
The story in court of how the Dunlop
Tire Company yas formed and floated
is perhaps the most Interesting. Hoo
ley bought the business on April 13,
1596, for 510.000,000. and sold it Just one
month later for $20,000,000. His gross
profits by the transaction were about
$10,000,000. The public clamored for the
shares and subsciibed tho capital many
millions over. The efforts of the Regis
trar in Bankruptcy to ascertain how
he accomplished this wonderful coup
brought out some interesting replies
from Mr. Hooley.
Q.— Were you the promoter of the com
pany? A.— Yes.
Q.— As a company promoter, would you
say what your duties were? A.— Well, I
can hardly answer that.
The Official Receiver— l hope you will,
Mr. Hooley. It |- a point upon which I
have often tried to obtain information.
I Laughter.]
The Debtor— Well, the first thing you
have to do is to buy a business and then
you have to sell it again, and then, I
Think, the matter ends.
The Official Receiver— You prepared the
prospectus? A.— Yes.
Q.— Are you, as the promoter, responsi
ble for the prospectus? A. — I hope not.
[Laughter.]
Q.— Are you responsible for the state
ments made In It? A.— No, I think not.
My solicitor can answer that question
better than I can.
The Registrar— You cannot put the re
sponsibility on your solicitors. They only
act on Instructions.
The Official Receiver— Perhaps I am
asking too much.
The Registrar— l do not think so. I
should like you to proceed. We might get
some useful information. [Laughter.]
The Debtor— l always think that the
most important part of the prospectus is
the front pa#e. [More laughter.]
And then Mr. Hooley explained that
the names on the front page of the
Dunlop prospectus alone cost him be
tween $450,000 and $'>00,000. Probably
there never before has been so strik
ing: testimony to the value of big
names as bait In winning money from
British investors. Lord Delawarr,
chairman of the board, received $125,000
cash for the use of his name, according
to Mr. Hooley's testimony, and Lord
Albemarle $125,000 more.
Mr. Hooley then took up the Interest
ing item of expense, best described as^
bribing the press. This expenditure in
connection with bringing out the Dun
lop Company amounted to no less than
$317,000! Not one penny of this was
for legitimate advertising, the latter ex
penditure forming a separate item. Mr.
Hooley's laconic description of the us
ual method of press bribery is very
much to the point. This is it:
Q.— ln addition to those shares you
gave what are called in the books "Press
calls on shares?" A.— Tea,
Q.— What are press calls on shares?
A.— l had a man called Broadley. who
arranged all the advertisements and ev
SOME OF THE COMPANIES HOOLEY FORMED.
The Trent Cy<%e Company. Limited, nominal capital $500,000, gross profit
on promotion. $400,000.
Cycle Manufacturers' Tube Company, Limited, nominal capital $1,250,000,
gross profit on promotion $564,310
The Dunlop Pneumatic Tire Company, Limited, nominal capital $25,000,
000. gross profit on promotion $7,500,000.
The Swift Cycle Company, Limited, nominal capital $1,775,000. gross profit
on promotion $500,000.
The Sineer Cycle Company. Limited, nominal capital $4,00u.000.
Dunlop Pneumatic Tire Company, (France), Limited, nominal capital
$3, 250,000. gross profit on promotion $1,430,000.
Clement Gladiateur and Humber (France), Limited, nominal capital
$4,500,000.
Sehweppes, Limited, nominal capital $7,750,000, gross profit on promo
tion $1,195,000.
Bovril (British. Foreign and Colonial), Limited, nominal capita) $12,500,
000. gross pro.it on promotion $2,340,000.
Blaisdell Pencils, Limited, nominal capital $500,000.
Dee Estates, Limited, no particulars. x
Trafford Park Estates, Limited, no particulars. v^
Raleigh Cycle Company, Limited, nominal capital $1,000,00./.
Humber & Co., Limited (America), nominal capital $375,000.
Humber & Co., Limited (Russia), nominal capital $375,000.
Humber & Co.. Limited (Portugal), nominal capital $500,000.
The above Is only a partial list which the official receiver has t>een able
to tabulate to date.
Hooley kept no book accounts, not even a cash account. He has credit
ors fully secured to the amount of $3,000,000.
erything said !n the press, and whatever
calls he wanted he had. I do not kno-?r
the names of the papers.
Q.— What do you mean by a "press
call?" A.— lt would be for somebody con
nected with the press?.
Q. — Do you mean they were to have the
right to call upon shares at par?
A.— Yes, and get an allotment. The "press
calls" amounted in this case to £76,000.
Q.— Would any call be delivered at less
than par? A.— l do not know. You have
the books there. These calls would be
given for about a month, or until the
special settlement.
Q. — Did you purchase theso calls back
yourself? A.— l don't know. I bought in
the market. I never bought them back
from the parties direct. I was at that
time purchasing all the shares I could in
the market.
Q.— What did you pay? A.— 27s. 6d., 2Ss.,
and 30s. a share. On the "press calls"
alone I lost some £03.500.
Q.— "Press calls." I understand, were op
tima, or calls, Riven to the press at 10s.
in the pound, the result being that the
company was fully subscribed, and the
shares went at a. premium? A. — Yes.
Q.— Can you give the names of the pa
pers to whom these calls were given?
A.— Mr. Broadley arranged that. They
were given to all the papers as far as I
know. But I can obtain the names of
the papers.
Q.— The result of that was that these
papers made a profit of 17s. 6d. a share?
A.— l don't say the papers, but the ad
vertising agent.
Q.— Then the persons who had the call*
■were not the proprietors? A. — Oh. no.
The Official Receiver— So each paper
which received these calls would not run.
down the Dunlop Company?
Mr. Hooley— lt was to keep the papers
friendly.
Q.— There were in addition to these
large payments promotion expenses. What
was that payment of £12r>0 to T. Harrison
Davis? A.— l don't know. I don't know
who he is. (Laughter).
Q.— What was he when you made thi3
payment? A.— He contracted to settle all
the little evening papers and pay them to
keep quiet.
Q. — How did you become acquainted
with him? A.— Finch Hatton introduced
me.
Q.— Who is Finch Hatton? A.— Brother
of Lord Wlnchelsea. He was introduced
to arrange with the evening papers not
to pull the company to pieces, (.daugh
ter).
Q.— On the counterfoil of the check you
have written. "For quieting papers gen
erally on pneumatics." (Laughter.) Can
you name any of the papers? A. — He used
to bring a list with the amounts required
against them. The amounts varied from
£25 to £100. One of these lists will be
among my papers.
Q.— What was the second payments of
£2000 to T. H. Davis? A.— For the same
purpose.
Q.— On the counterfoil you have, "To
square papers." Can you name any of
those papers? A. — The Pall Mall was one.
the Financial Post i nother. I cannot
recollect any others.
Q.— What was the total amount you paid
to Davis. A.— £4250 to settle with all
papers.
The bribery of the financial editor of
the Pall Mall Gazette on Mr. Hooley's
behalf has been the source of great
chagrin to Mr. Astor, the owner of that
paper. - The Pall Mall Gazette won an
enviable reputation two or three years
ago as a fearless and incorruptible
enemy of financial shams and swindles.
The fact that Us financial editor (now
dead) .had been grot at by Mr. Hooley'a
agents only recently came to Mr. Aa
tor's knowledge, and he has not hesi
tated to express his views of the matter
and his opinion of Mr. Hooley and his
associates in very plain language in
the columns of the Pall Mall Gazette.
It was quite superfluous for the offi
cial receiver to ask Mr. Hooley finally
why he paid these large sume to peers
of the realm whom he made directors
of his companies, for the reply was ob
vious:
"I couldn't get them on without."
Hooley has left aristocratic and
financial London in a state bordering
on a panic. Small investors in all
parts of the kingdom are clamoring for
their money in the stock concerns,
while titled men whose sales of their
names have been revealed are scurry
ing away to the Continent for seclu
sion and rest for their shattered nerves.
LONDON. Aug. IS.— ln the Queen's
Bench Division of the High Court of
Justice to-day Justice Wright resumed
the hearing of the motion to commit
Earl Delawarr, Messrs. Broadley. Brad
shaw and Rucker for contempt of court
in attempting to induce Ernest Terah
Hooley to falsify the evidence he had
given against them.
Hooley explained the discrepancy be
veen his own statement that he had
» aid Earl Delawarr $250,000 and the
j'arl's statement that he had only re
ceived $125,000 by saying that he paid
'he latter $125,000 directly and subse
quently gave him an equal amount
•-hrough Bradshaw, Hooley 's agent, for
division between Earl Delawarr and
jf.ord Albemarle. Hooley said he had
fclnee discovered that Bradshaw kept
the $125,000.
* Bradshaw went on the stand and as
serted that Earl Delawarr, in the
lourse of a conversation with him
'■ Bradshaw) as to Hooley's position, of
;'*red to pay Hooley's hotel bill for a
j'lonth. and said he was prepared also
1 1 help Mrs. Hooley to the extent of
[V.0,000. Earl Delawarr, Bradshaw de
clared, asked him not to let Mr. Hall
Js'now of the matter, which might be
c?o*nstrued as'an attempt at bribery. It
r-as understood at the same interview
fhat Hooley would be asked to correct
liis original evidence. While on the
stand Bradshaw fainted.
Earl Delawarr acknowledged receiv •
ing $40,000 as a gift. # He said that he
subsequently received $7500 and at a
latter date borrowed $50,000. but this
money was not paid him for joining
the directorate. Later, the Earl said,
he was released from this debt by
Hooley.
He admitted that he knew that Lord
Albemarle received $45,000 and Broad
ley $40,000.18
PRINCE BISMARCK the builder
of the German Empire, died on
July 30, in the eighty-fourth
year of his age. He was born
In Schonhausen in 1815, a few
months before the battle of
Waterloo. He studied law at the uni- .
versities of Goettingen and Berlin, and
■was subsequently elected a member of
the United Diet and became one of the
chief orators of the Junkers, or Con
servative party. His first experience
in diplomacy was in 1851, when he was
Bent to Frankfort as first Secretary of
Legation, with the title of privy coun
selor to the Prussian Embassy. It was
here that he conceived the idea that
Prussia could not fulfill its political
mission in Germany until Austria had
been expelled from the Bund. In 1859
he was sent as Embassador to St.
Petersburg, and before going he made
a visit to Paris for amusement. For
a short time in 1862 he represented
Prussia at Paris.
But Bismarck's policy was reaction
ary from the beginning, and it con
tinued to give great offense to *»ie Lib
erals. He had tolerance neither for
individuals nor parliaments that op
posed his. views. * In October, 1862, he
dissolved the chamber (the majority of
which voted against his measures) and
declared that the Ministry would gov
ern on their own responsibility. In 1864
Prussia, with the aid of Austria, con
quered Sleswick and Holstein rom Den
mark, and In August, 1865, signed the
treaty of Gasteln In relation to those
duchies. Bismarck wanted to annex
Sleswick and Holstein to Prussia, but
could not obtain the consent of Aus
tria. The long rivalry between these
two powers was now brought to a
crisis. A majority of the German
Bund having voted for Austria, Prus
sia seceded from the Bund and formed
an alliance with the King of Italy. In
June, 1866, war was declared. The
Prussian armies immediately occupied
Hanover and Saxony, and advancing
Into Bohemia, they encountered the
Austrian army near Sadowa on the 3d
of July and gained a victory so de
cisive that the Emperor of Austria
forthwith made overtures of peace;
and a treaty of peace was signed In
August, 1866, by which Austria was ex-**
eluded from the German Bund. Han-"*
over, Electoral Hesse, Holstein and-*
other small . states were annexed t0.4
Prussia. Bismarck then negotiated se-^
cret treaties of offensive and defensive »
alliance with Bavaria, Baden and Wur
temberg, which were made public in
April, 1867, and by which the King of"*
Prussia was made the commander of"*
the armies of said states. This brief-*
and momentous war, which united^
nearly all of Germany, made Prussia^
one of the great powers of Europe, .
overshadowing a great state like
France and arousing the jealousy of
Napoleon 111. X
In 1867 Count Bismarck organized the^
North German Confederation, comprise
ing some twenty-two States with a-<
population of some 29,000,000, and in the.,
same year became the foreign minister.,
of this great alliance. In the Franco-
Prussian war of 1870-71 Bismarck ac
companied King William through the*
campaign, and dictated the terms of*
peace at Paris, which were ratified by-<
the assembly then sitting at Bordeaux..,
Thus he succeeded In organizing all the
German states into one compact fed
eration, and in January, 1871, he had-<
the supreme satisfaction of seeing his^
old King crowned Emperor of Germany
In the Palace of the French Kings at" 1
Versailles. The same month his mas-H
ter appointed him Chancellor of the^
German Empire, and in the following
March he was raised to the rank of"
Prince. . ; .- -:*:v, ; *
Bismarck presided over a congress of^
the great powers at Berlin, in 1878, at,
which a treaty of peace between Rus
sia and Turkey was signed. He heldH
the Chancellorship with undiminished^
grip, running roughshod over Parlia-,
ments, and generally doing as he will
ed till 1890. when the young EmperoH
with a jealous eye for his own new-made^
shadow began to curtail the iron
giant's official prerogatives, and Bis-"]
marck stepped outside before his offlciaH
house fell in. He was succeeded by Von^
Caprivi. Occasionally he has growled,
from his eminent retirement, and the]
world has always deferentially listened.^
•• • H
Whatever of praise or censure is ren-^
dered to Bismarck by contemporaries.,
his commanding personage andj
achievements in map-changing are on
common knowledge. Here are some ofH
the leading estimates of his character^
and life work offered to the world since
he passed away: -i
"By common consent Bismarck was
the master-mind, of Europe. In that
constructive ' capacity which Is the
BISMARCK
FROM HI?? VFRY LATEST PHOTOGRAPH TAKEN LAST YEAR
highest order and test of statesman-
ship no man
approac hed
hi m. It is
idle to com
pare Glad-
NEW YORK HERALD.
stone with him. Gladstone created
nothing, destroyed much and would
have broken up the United Kingdom
if England had not shaken off his rule.
He was a man of words. Bismarck a
man of deeds. Yet neither had the lat
ter his equal in diplomacy.
"He was an expert in statecraft as
well as in statesmanship. He knew
how to make a king do his will. He
knew how to inspire in the souls of a
gTeat but divided people that sentiment
of unity without which no German em
pire was possible. He crushed Particu
larism. He taught Bavaria to look to
Prussia as her natural leader. He
made Catholic and Protestant lie down
together. Not merely the German em
pire, but Germany is the creation of
this single will. Before his time she
was, like Italy, only a geographical ex
pression. To-day she is a nation, and
as a nation she mourns for him who
out of some fifty-odd powers and prin
cipalities and contending peoples
brought the German nation and a Ger
man national life into being.
"No higher eulogy than that is pos
sible, but it ie the simple verdict of
history. Yet there is still something
to add. He has been a tremendous in
fluence not in Germany only, not in
Europe only, but throughout Christen
dom. He set himself like a rock against
the advancing flood of Socialism and
of all those lawless forces which all the
world over seek to disturb the existing
order of things. 'There has grown up of
late,' eaid Bismarck at Jena, 'a notion
that the world can be governed from
below. That can not be." He found
the kingly principle In Germany the
efficient principle of government and
he strengthened it and left it so. He
found the principle of authority, of
liberty regulated by law, the basis of
modern society. His example has made
it stronger. The world owes him much
as well as Germany."
"Blsmarck
humbled Aus
tria and made
the North Ger
man Union.
NEW YORK SUN.
He conquered France and founded the
German empire. His shadow lay over
the states and statesmen of the conti
STRANGE WAT IN WHICH THE NORTH POLE Keeps Moving Around
IT IS now a settled fact that the
north pole dances at a lively rate.
Of course the earth does not twist
so as to cause this phenomenon, nor
does the axis of the earth move.
But the center line of revolution
does, so that the effect is the same.
In reality what takes place Is similar
to what would happen if a needle were
pushed through an apple so that the
fruit could spin around. The needle
would be the axis and as long as it re
mained In the one place it would cor
respond to the earth if the north pole
were fixed. But if the needle were
moved ever so little to one side of its
■position there would be a change in
.the center of rotation. This is the
.oretlcally what has been happening at
the north pole ever since the world be
gan.
' The pole is dancing around and con
stantly causing a change in lines of
latitude.
In the year 1890 the change was so
great that if people had bought their
f^ont yards according to latitude and
longitude on January 1 by June 1 they
would have been living on their neigh
bor's property. In this year the pole
shifted around over a curve of nearly
ninety feet. This, of course, made a big
change in all reckoning of latitude and
longitude, but not enough to change
the position of a large island on a map.
This movement of the north pole hus
been known for some time, but Just
how it moved and how much has only
Just been ascertained.
To find out this one fact occupied
seven years and the work of hundreds
of men and millions of dollars' worth
of astronomical instruments. The re
sults of the work have been compiled by
Theodore Albrecht of Berlin and pub
lished under the title of "Investigations
Concerning Variations of Latitude."
The report Just issued is one of the
valuable publications of the Interna
tional Geodetic Society. Dr. Albrecht
gives the results of observations made
at twenty different observatories in dif
ferent parts of the world, determines
their relative position and combines
them so as to deduce a curve showing
the motion of the north pole of the
earth's axis from January 1, 1890, to
July 1, 1897. In the accompanying
figure this curve is shown, 90.0 being
the point for January 1, 1890, while 90.6
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, SUNDAY, AUGTJST 21, 1898.
nent for full thirty years. In it reputa
tions withered and powers waned, small
men grew great and nations were cre
ated. The Hapsburgers were thrust
aside and the Bonapartes were de
throned. The laurels of the Metternichs
and the Schwarzenbergs died away and
the Gagerns, Manteuff«ls and Camp
hausens were forgotten. Mere associa
tion with him, mere opposition to him
was fame, and the names of Crispi,
Gortechakoff. Kalnuky. Andrassy and
Giers were known to all the world. His
heavy hand was felt in every cabinet
and court. His life became the history
of modern Europe."
• • •
"Bismarck
was neither a
Cromwell nor
a Pitt, but if
you could im-
h- M STANLEY.
agine a happy union of the best quali
tit-s of each you would go near finding a
popular likeness of the Bismarck we
know and just the personality we re
quire fur England's needs at the pres
ent time. Prince Bismarck was a man
who knew exactly what he wanted and
directed his course straight ahead.
What a world of meaning lies in that!
If I were to fill pages I could not con
vey to you the w r hoie of my admiration
for Bismarck. As a leader of men he
was above all living men. As a man
he was altogether lovable for his direct
ness, his honesty and simplicity. If we
could only compress some of his moral
strength and courage into a bottle and
could hearten our statesmen with a
minim or so of the wonderful extract,
we should soon have reason to be proud
of them. As there is no likelihood of
our being aWe to follow up this truly
African idea— we must wait until some
one will make a text-book of his char
acter for the special benefit of weak
kneed and degenerate statesmen — then
we may hope that Britain may begin
to reap some of the advantages that
have made Germany universally re
spected."
"B r o a d ly
speaking, and
in terms of
English poli
tics, Glad-
NEW YORK TIMES
stone was a Liberal and Bismarck a
Tor>'- The one steadily sought to
broaden the basis of governmental
power by the extension of the suffrage
and the gradual abolition of privilege.
The other yielded to the people only
the rights he dared not withhold and
FLUCTUATIONS IN THE POSITIONS OF THE NORTH POLE
FROM JANUARY, 1890, TO JULY, 1897.
Dr. Theodore Albrecht of Berlin has just completed observations , and
calculations which show that the poles of the earth continually shift
ing their positions. This report shows that since IS9O the north pole moves
in an erratic course in an eighty-foot circle. The center of the above fig
ure is th« mean position of the north pole for the seven and a half years
under consideration. In 1890 the pole made about seven-eighchs of a cir
cuit around its mean position; in 1891 but little more than three-fourths
of a circuit, while in 1892 nearly the entire revolution was effected. The
two circles drawn at 0.3 and 0.4 seconds of latitude from the mean pole
give the scale of the figure, the radii of these circles being 30.5 and 40.7
feet respectively. •
THE MAN WHO MADE
THE GERMAN EMPIRE
BISMARCK as He Appeared to Men Who Knew Him and to Men Who Studied Him. *
retained in the class to which he be
longed the utmost possible supremacy.
The ideal of the one was such growth
throughout the empire of common
rights, interests, responsibilities as
should create national unity and not
only permit but stimulate general
progress, his conception of Providence
being that its beneficence would ad
vance with the advance of freedom.
The ideal of the other was the growth
of a mighty nation, guided unquestion
ably by Providence, but by Providence
acting through the agency of the
throne, surrounded by the class of
which he himself was the leader. The
one believed himself a representative,
the other believed himself a ruler. Thus
the one sought to disarm discontent by
reforms, the other to crush it with the
mailed hand. The one labored to ex
tend British prosperity and influence
throughout the world by opening all
markets to the trade in which he trust
ed his nation to get its share. The
other planned a policy of commercial
extension by colonization and exclusive
privileges.
"It must be said, however, in making
this comparison, that Gladstone de
veloped the application of a national
policy and principle though to a limited
degree recognized, while Bismarck was
compelled to deal with novel conditions
and few will question that the genius
of the latter surpassed that of the
former or that the impress of Bis
marck's Individuality on the history of
his time was more distinct and deeper.
We may hold that the tendencies of
the human race which Gladstone rep
resented are more potent and enduring
than the forces of which Bismarck so
superbly availed himself, but we must
see that the work of Bismarck, which
we can imagine no other man doing,
was essential and was tremendous. The
German nation he called into being, the
people to whom he gave ynlty, will In
due time take their rights and achieve
the destiny for which their great quali
ties fit them. They will not forget, they
will Just be proud to remember the
wonderful man who made possible the
first great stage of advancement."
"Mr. Glad
stone, his only
rival, never
concealed his
dislike and
W. T. STEAD
distrust of Prince Bismarck. 'A very
big man, no doubt.' he once exclaimed,
'but very unscrupulous.' It was a
homely summing up. but It expressed
with unusual simplicity the popular es
timate of his character. He was big
—in every way one of the biggest men
of his time. Great, Mr. Gladstone did
not call him, because greatness in his
estimation implied a moral element
chiefly conspicuous for its absence in
the politics of Prince Bismarck. But
he was as big as he was unscrupulous.
"The Italian, Chevalier Nigri, de-,
scribed him more elaborately than Mr.
Gladstone, as a 'kind of embodied
Shakespeare, a continent of humanity,
embracing every variety of mind and.
mood.' This early Goth, with the cul
ture of our time, is the most interest
ing and most incomprehensible figure
in" modern history. No wonder that
Emilio Cnstelar, the supreme rhetori
cian of Europe, himself the embodiment
of all the antitheses of the great Ger
man Empire maker, remarked that
'the species of men to which Bismarck
belongs is fading out and becoming ex
tinct.'
"He was great, he was unique, a
weariless worker, who never feared the
face of man. The initial quality of
greatness was born with him. Born
with him. also, was that tireless en
ergy, that marvelous initial force
which never failed, which marie him
the power-house of the German race.
Time brings not back the mastodon,
and another Bismarck is not to be ex
pected in the twentieth century.
"These tributes of foreigners hardly
keep us to the right realization of the
secret of Bismarck's character. We
shall find a more helpful clew in the
pregnant phrase by the University of
PRINCE BISMARCK'S BEDROOM. SHOWING THE BED IN WHICH HE DIED.
(From a photograph.)
Glessen in the document conferring
upon him the degree of doctor of divin
ity. Therein he Is addressed as 'the
great, unique man, who never wearies,
never loses courage and fears no one
but God.' That is Prince Bismarck as
he looms gigantic before the German.
"Some years ago Bismarck said: 'In
Germany we have no national church,
but might not the idea of the nation be
the sanctuary round which all parties
should gather?" He served his country
as Loyola served tho church. His sense
of the service he owed to Germany was
supreme. 'He who reproaches me for
being a statesman devoid of conscience
diu-s me a wrong.' And he explained
how he reconciled his unserupulosity In
politics with the good conscience which
he undoubtedly enjoyed. 'I follow out
n plan with a perfectly calm conscience
which 1 consider useful to my country
and to Germany. As to means to this
Is the point for July 1, IS9O, and so on.,
rhe center of the figure is the mean
position of the north pole for the seven"
md a half years under consideration. In*
IS9O the pole made about seven-eighths,
if a circuit around its m^an position;
in 1891 but little more than three-"
'ourths of a circuit, while in 1892 nearly-.
:he entire revolution was effected. The.,
two circles drawn at 0.3 and 0.4 sec
onds of latitude from the mean pole
jive the scale of the figure, the radii-<
:>f these circles being 30.5 and 40.7 feet.,
respectively.
It should be noted that the north"
pole, which may be defined as the north" 1
end of the earth's axis, does not really.,
move, since the axis remains parallel,
to itself throughout the year, but it is'
the earth which moves with respect to"
the axis; It is more convenient, how-<
ever, to speak of the pole as in motion,
and the figure shows its path relative
to the earth surface.
The practical consequence of this"
strange phenomenon is to cause a con-<
tinual variation in the observed lati-.,
tudes of all points of the earth's sur-^
face, for latitude expresses the angular"
distance from a point to the equator, •"
and of course the equator moA'es with<
the pole, the plane of the equator being,
always perpendicular to the axis. For
example, suppose that a certain point" 1
In our office had the latitude 40 degrees-,
12 minutes 55.93 seconds on January 1 M
1891; if observations had been taken
throughout the year it would have been"
found that this slowly decreased until- 1
in August it became about 40 degrees 42*
minutes 58.41 second?, and that an in-^
:rease then followed until at the begin
ning of 1892 the observed latitude be-<
;ame about 40 degrees 42 minutes 58.67-.
3econds. 
The lines radiating from the center
Df the figure show the directions to the"*
:ities whose observatories furnished the<
ilata for deriving the curve. Of course,.,
all these directions are south. The large^
number of observatories taking part in
the work Indicates the importance of
the subject to astronomers and geod--.
eslßts. The observations at Honolulu,
were conducted simultaneously by the
International Association and by the"
United States Coast and Geodetic Sur
vey from June. 1891, to July, 1892; sim-,
ultaneously others were made by the
Naval Observatory at Washington and*
by the Coast Survey at Rockvjlle, Md.-
Those at New York were mad* at the.
observatory of Columbia University In
1893 and 1894.
end, I have used these within my
reach for want of others.' "
* • *
Nobody will
dispute that
the Germans
have a right
IPRPERS WEEKLY.
— — . — L to be proud of
Bismarck. He was so typical a Ger
man and he avoided so many of the de
fects that commonly go with the Ger
man qualities. He was under no illu
sions, sentimental or otherwise, about
the world he lived in. He knew the
levers that move men, and he knew
how to operate them. His direct, prac
tical businesslike methods were rather
English than German. Not since Fred
erick the Great has there appeared a
German In high place who showed so
perfect an adaptation of means to ends.
Nobody has thought or will think of
praising Bismarck as a friend of hu
manity. He himself would have been
the first to reject such a pretension.
The epitaph he composed for his own
tombstone shows in what light his life
appeared to himself. He was a "faith
ful German." That he was a patriotic
German, according to his lights, can
not bo doubted. His life-long desire was
that his Prussia should be aggrandized,
and the great work of his life was the
bringing of all Protestant Germany, in
cluding even some Htutes which are not
nominally Protestant. Into one power
ful confederation under the primacy of
Prussia.
Even now, looking back over a gen
eration, it is hard to see how the union
could have been brought about if Bis
marck had not been. The dreams of
THE CRADLE IN WHICH BISMARCK WAS ROCKED WHEN A BABY
From a photograph from the original in the possession of Frau yon Bismarck-
Kniephof.
the "Ideologists" could not have been
realized without this "business man."
From his own point of view his success
was unmixed. He found his country
not higher than fifth in the list of
European powers. It would be hard to
find a "good German" who would ad
mit that he has left her even the sec
ond.
This was not a success that came of
any of the modern political forces that
have come into the world. It was not
the result of free discussion or of con
stitutional government. It was a suc
cess of "blood and Iron." It was a suc
cess of diplomacy, too, in the Bis
marckian sense. No statesman ever
knew better how and when to appeal
to the Interests or even the sentiments
of others, nor, when it suited him, to
manage their susceptibilities. But in
the last analysis German unity was
achieved under Bismarck by the same
means by which the Prussian mon
archy was built up tinder Frederick, by
having not only the best-disciplined
army, but the best-disciplined nation
in Europe. The scattered principalities
were welded into one powerful empire
by the same means by which the great
empires of history were established.
It was not to be supposed that a
statesman whose method had achieved
such a success would abandon it wtten
tho success had been achieved. And.
In fact, the German c nire under Bis
marck followed the traditions of the
Prussian monarchy. He could skill
fully cajole the leaders of parliamen
tary opposition. But in the last resort
he governed by force, which it never
became necessary for him actually to
use. The knowledge that he possessed
it was enough both for him and for
those who opposed him, and opposition
was not carried beyond the danger
point. "The consent of the governed"
was of no more necessity in Bismarck's
scheme of politics than in. Julius Cae
sar's. Accordingly, paternalism took
the pla.ce of individualism, and took the
form of "state socialism." What in
more modern communities are held to
be the rights of the people came to
them in Bismarck's Germany as
"graces" from the throne. He was
anxious to allay popular discontent in
every way except the one needful way
of admitting the right of the people to
govern themselves. When it came to
that, he always let it be understood
that the army was at the door of the
hstag. Accordingly individualism
was repressed; paternalism was sub
stituted: and in respect to political civ
ilization, the last state of the German
people ia worse than th- 1 first.
It was the irony of fate that Bis
marck himself should have perished at
the hands of the monster which he ha<»
built up. There is a human pathos ia
his appeal to the constitution and to
public opinion against the masterful
ness of his young "master," but there
is also a political retribution. The
Kaiser treated this appeal, when it was
made by Bismarck, as Bismarck had
taught him to treat it— as Bismarck
himself hail been accustomed to treat
it when it was made by the representa
tivt s of the German people. The world
at large is under no debt to Bismarck.
It is not better or freer or happier be
cause he has lived in it. What even
Germany owes to him it must be left
for the future to determine, but it is
already plain that against this debt
there are heavy offsets and abate
ments.
In spite of the enormous space he
tilled In his own time, and of the enor
mous force he displayed, he can scarce
ly be ranked among the great men of
the world. The "measure of the great
ness of these men was the extent of
their "co-operation with the real ten
dency of the world." The measure of
Bismarck's strength wns the exte?it to
which he succeeded in obstructing this
tendency. The most powerful chain-
pion of reaction is not a great man. He
is only a "big fellow."
• • •
The origin of
the most fa
mous phrase
Bismarck ever
used, which
G. W. SMALLEY.
passes for being the most sinister also,
is described In a way which throws new
light on its meaning:
•'This invocation was made at a time
when the national Liberals, who to
day prostrate themselves before him,
'dune obeisance de cadavre,' sought to
prevent his reforming the army, while
asking him all the same to effect the
union of Germany. The man who felt
the far-off thunder of Sadc/wa and of
Sedan even then shaking his own soul
flun^j at these rhetoricians the challenge
he Has since but too well made good:
'It is not by speechmaking that you
will bring about the unity of Germany.
That unity is to come by blood and
iron.' "
I know not who will attempt to
write Prince Bismarck's life, nor when
it will be possible to write it. Some of
the necessary materials for it are state
papers not accessible nor likely to be
accessible, at least during the present
Emperor's life, to any biographer or to
any friend of the Minister whom he
dismissed. He dismissed him— T will
■.: what I said before— with rather
less ceremony than a gentleman would
use in discharging his servant. He was
jealous of him. and he wanted to gov
ern Germany in his own way and to
oarry out a foreign policy of his own.
He has had to readopt almost every
one of the measures of domestic policy
he discarded because they were Bis
marck's, and to reverse his foreign
policy on those vital points in which he
departed from Bismarck's. Of course
he does not like him the better. Of
course, also, he will not be apt to put
Into anybody's hands the means of
proving" by public documents what the
course of events and the known facts
of both careers sufficiently prove al
ready. Bismarck has held his peace.
But he has ordered it to be inscribed
on his tomb that he was "the faithful
servant of William the First."OBVhRSE OF THE MEDAL PRESENTED TO MAJOR GEORGE
F. ROBINSON FOR HEROIC CONDUCT IN SAVING
THE LIFE OF SECRETARY SEWARD. From a Photograph.
Special to The Sunday Call.
IK these days of military and naval heroism and a pa
triotic pridt; throughout the Union comparatively few
Californiana know that living in the little city of Po
mona in Los A.ngeles County there lives one of the fore
most heroes of the Civil War— a man to whom Congress
gave one of the very few gold medals ever struck for
j^orsonal bravery, besides voting him a gift of $5000 and its
thanks. He Is Major George Foster Robinson. He lives
with his family in a beautiful orangt grove along San An
tonio avenue in Pomona, and so modest Is he about the ex
traordinary honors that have come to him and his connec
tion with the most tragic chapter in American history that
some of hie near neighbors do not know the following tale.
Hut for the supreme heroism of Major Robinson the life
of Secretary i f State William (EL Seward would have been
sacrificed by an assassin at almost the moment that Presi
dent Lincoln was shot down by Wllkes Booth. Bravery on
the battle-field is very often incited by the mad enthusiasm
of the struggle, but the courage which leads an unarmed
man. In a darkened room, to race aim. st certain deaih in an
endeavor to save the life of a man neces&ary to his country
5n a critical hour, is the highest pitch of heroism. Nearly
every phase of the dark conspiracy which resulted in the
death of President Lincoln has become a matter of familiar
history, but the way in which the life of Secretary Seward
■was saved on the same fatal night if r.ot generally known.
Several versions • f it have been given .luring the last thirty
years, but the man whose bravery rescued the Secretary of
State from sharing the fate of his chief has the soldier's
taciturnity. This is the story of the midnight struggle from
his own lips:
The trial of the conspirators in the Lincoln assassina
tion showed that the plot was to effect on April 14. ISCS. the
simultaneous slaying of President Lincoln, Vice-President
Johnson. General Grant and Secretary Seward. It was
expected thax General Grant, the head of <ne army, would
be In the private box with President Lincoln, and his as-
Eassination might easily be accomplished with the Presi
dent's. On the- fatal night Major R- binson, then a young
private in the army, was In attendance as a nurse upon
iry Seward, who was in bed with a broken jaw.
"I have never known," said Major Robinson, "how I
cam*? to be detailed to act as guard and quasi-nurse at the
home of Secretary Seward in April, 1365. I had been con
fined to the Douglas Army Hospital in Washing-ton for sev
eral months by a gunshot wound in the leg — received in the
operatic a ab< at Petersburg in the August previous. I was
■ well and had asked t-j be detailed to some employ
ment. Thi- war was over and soldiers were a drug in the
market. April 11 I waa detailed as guard and helper in the
sickroom of Secretary Seward.
"In war times military guards were frequently stationed
about the White House and the homes of the forernoßt men
in the Government. Fears were expressed by some of the
military authorities in Washington, early in April, IS')5,
that Mosby.'s guerrillas, who had not ceased their belliger
ency when Lee surrendered at Appoir.attox on April 9 and
■were still raiding in Virginia, would make a last concerted
and desperate raid on Washington when least expected.
Therefore some care v.-as taken to have guards stationed at
certain pieces. The very day of Lee's surrender Secretary
Seward was hurt in a runaway accident. His arm v.-as
bnftcen, his jaw fractured and his body bruised. Surgeon
General Barnes had charge of Secretary Seward's caee. He
sont to the army hospital for a guard who knew how to care
for people with broken bones, and I was sent to the Secre
tary's. ■ I !-H;sil^l
"The evening: of April 14 was beautiful and clear, and
Secretary Reward was much better. Surgeon General
Barnes called and saw that the broken bones were mending.
Early on the evening of th€ 14th an informal meeting of th* 1
Cabinet officers took place at the bedside of Secretary
S&wavd, Secretaries Stanton, McCulloch and "Welles were
there. The meeting lasted about half an hour.
"At a little before 10 o'clock, when the Secretary »waa
Bleeping :iFi!y. the house was closed for the nisrht. Mrs.
geward ha to her sleeping room. Frederick W.
Seward . of the Secretary, hart retired to his
room. Miss Fannie Seward, a daughter, and I sat in the
sick-chamber on the second floor, where the slightest wish
of the Secretary might be anticipated. Miss Seward was
near the bed. Her father lay in a semi-recumbent posi
tion — that is, propped up in bed. At just about 10 o'clock
the sound of a man was heard down in th* hall. It was
afterward learred thnt a parley in undertones occurred on
the steps to the house with the colored porter in charge of
the doer, it seems That the porter paw a tall young man
or. horseback dash ud to the stone curbing on the street,
md then, throwing himself to the ground, hasten across
•.the sidewalk to the front door of the Seward residence.
" 'I am an assistant of Dr. Verdi. said he, rapidly, 'and
T have been ■ -nt by him with medicine for Mr. Seward. I've
compounded it myself, and I've orders to see him myself
•.and tell him how and when to take it. I'm in haste and
must see him at once.'
"The pdrter answered that he had strict orders to admit
■no one to the house that nitrht. The stranger on repeating
his demand more urgently was admitted to the vestibule.
" 'You stay here while I go and see Mr. Frederick
Seward about this business,' said the colored man. He went
inside the door and started up the dimly lighted flight of
stairs to Mr. Seward's room. The stranger followed im
petuously at his heels. The heavy door closed behind him,
.and the assassin appointed to his share in the tragedy dur
ing weeks of conspiracy was on the scene of his crime.
More boldness, a summoning of all his grim resolution to
• seek his victim and strike a mortal blow, now only remained
for him to do his part in the frightful scheme to slay Presi
dent Lincoln, General Grant, Vice-President Johnson and
Secretary •ward in different parts of the city at the same
moment.
"The first I knew of the assassin in the Seward house
was when the front door closed. Miss Seward heard the
sound of some one coming heavily up the front stairs, and
"remarked upon the carelessness of any one who would so
noisily approach a sick-chamber. The hall was partially
lighted, as I have said, and the stairs were built in two
short flights, with landings between, so that one could not
•look from the head of the stairs to the bottom. At the top
.of the stairway Frederick W. Seward, who had been called
by the colored porter, met the supposed messenger from the
doctor. The door of the sickroom was a yard away.
"I did not hear the conversation, but learned later that
it was somewhat as follows:
"•What la it?' asked young Mr. Seward in a whisper
of the tall young stranger.
" 'Dr. Verdi has Bent me with this medicine for Secre
tary Seward. It must be taken immediately. I am the
' doctor's student, and as I compounded the prescription- 1
.must tell Mr. Seward himself how and when to take the
medicine. 1
"Frederick Reward whispered something to the effect
that he would see if his father was awake. Then he silently
opened the door of the Secretary's room, and in the dim
light from the gas flame tiptoed over to the bed where his
' father lay. He turned and went back as silent .-is a cat to
•tho landing at the head of the stairs, where he said in a
whisper that he would not disturb the patient at that hour.
" As he spoke he closed the door.
liA& "In a trice there came the sound of blows as if some one
had been felled by a rattan. Not a word was spoken. I
sprang from my chair and threw open the hall door in tlfne
to see a very tall, powerful, beardless young man strike
• young Mr. Seward two powerful blows on the head with a
navy pistol. Mr. Seward reeled and staggered.
"Then the stranger jumped through the door at me. I
saw his knife flash in the feeble gaslight. He dealt me an
awful blow on the scalp and forehead with his knife. I
. staggered forward while blood started down my face and
beard.
: "In a fraction of a second the stranger, wearing a long,
• light overcoat, a black slouch hat and wearing cavalry
boots, gave Miss Seward a punch that threw her aside. ' ■
."When I glanced at him next he had pounced upon the
bedside nearer us, but further from the recumbent patient.
The assassin had his now broken navy pistol in his left
hand and a long heavy knife in his right. He knelt on the
bedside, leaned over and across the bed. and placing his
pistol on the Secretary's chest, he struck madly and fran
tically at the head and neck. It was all done so quickly
that the telling it makes it seem slow. I remember that the
thought of felling the stranger with a chair or of bsating
• him on the head with a heavy silver water pitcher near at
hand flitted through my mind, but the chairs were too
heavy and there was a big chunk of ice in the pitcher.
"I saw (a thousand times quicker than it takes to tell
it) the assassin strike at the Secretary's head and lay open a
" gash in his cheek. But for the surgeon's bandages about
the fractured lower jaw, a mortal wound In the neck would
have been made.
"I leaped upon the stranger from the rear, snatched his
■ elbow as his right hand gripped the knife for a surer and
mo-e powerful stroke, and thus diverted the blade In the
nick of time. The knife went into the; Secretary's shoulder
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,
HOW I SAVED SECRETARY OF STATE
SEWARD FROM ASSASSIN PAYNE
BEING A GRAPHIC ACCOUNT OF THE PLOT TO ASSASSINATE PRESIDENT
LINCOLN AND HIS CABINET.
instead of his face.
•Then began a terrific hand-to-hand grapple. The as
sassin threw back his hand and gave me a deep cut in the
right shoulder as I pulled and tugged him from the b ea. A
second later he gave me another cut there. In a twinkling
he turned upon me with the ferocity of an enragea tiger,
while Secretary Seward rolled off the further side of the
bed The assassin struck at me several times, once giving
me a slash across the left shoulder. I clenched my arms
about him with my utmost strength, while he was trying
to force me away so that he could use his arms either to
thrust his bloody knife into me or beat me into Insensibility
with the blows from his pistol.
"Meanwhile Miss Seward had pushed up the window In
the sickroom and had screamed Murder! murder!' and then
had' shrinked in the hall for help for her father. Although
weak from my hospital experience and my use of crutches
for six months previous, I was a strong young man at that
time I realized at the very moment of the assassination
that' it was a political one. While we struggled in a vise
like embrace. I stayed, as best I could, the descent of the
knife upon me. My antagonist vainly tried to raise his
hands to beat or to Btab me. He writhed and squirmed in
c " Z He suddenly dropped his pistol and with all the
strength of his shoulders and arms tried to push me from
REVERSE OF THE GOLD MEDAL GIVEN BY CONGRESS TO MAJOR GEORGE F. ROBINSON LOR PERSONAL BRAVERY IN SAVING SECRETARY SEWARD FROM THE
HANDS OF ASSASSIN PAYNE AT THE TIME PRESIDENT LINCOLN WAS ASSASSINATED. From a Photograph.
The medal commemorates the most sensational event in American history, the attempt to assassinate President Lincoln and the officers of his Cabinet.
On the night planned for the att-m-pt Major Robinson, then lately recovered from a wound received in the war, was detailed for duty in Secretary Seward'a
sick chamber, the Cabinet officer having met with an accident while out riding that day. Payne came to the house toward midnight, forced his way into
the sick chamber, beat down those who opposed him with a loaded pistol, :md then, with a drawn knife, sprang upon Secretary Seward. He had stabbed
at his victim several times when Major Robinson sprang upon him and. notwithstanding he was badly wounded, he forced the assassin back. A fierce
and bloody fight followed. The Secretary rolled unconscious from his bed. Mrs. Sev.ard, screaming for help, ran into the room, and amid the din Robinson
and the assassin panted and struggled for the mastery. Payne managed to escape on horseback, but he was afterward caught, tried and executed. #
him or to throw me. I clung to the man with even greater
intensity. No man who has never experienced a hand-to
hand conflict for life or death knows what a thrilling mo
ment it is. We swayed back and f.rth in tight embrace.
All I saw was my desperate big antagonist and that knife
blade. I grasped the assassins right wrist. He ceased for
a second his stabbing tactics and tried to throw me. Then,
summoning all my strength. I tried to throw him by using
my shoulder under his arm as a fulcrum. My wounded leg
gave way and I partially staggered. The assassin made a
snatch at my throat. The despair of the moment brought
back my full strength, and I tripped the villain somewhat
off his feet. While I had him in that position I urged him
a few feet across the room toward the hall door. My sud
denly born idea was to get him tq the hal! and throw him
over the bannister to the floor below.
"When we were about half wa- across the room, and
DOES THE GERMAN EMPEROR KNOW CAUSE
of the Mysterious Death of Vor Hahnke?
THE mystery surrounding the
death of Lieutenant yon Hahnke,
about which so much was heard
nearly a year back, has been re
called to mind by the recent per-
formances of the German Em
peror at Odde, where his Majesty has
been inaugurating, with a vast amount
of ceremony, a monument erected by
himself to the deceased officer. If any
thing, the proceeding at Odde serve
only to deepen the mystery- It will be
remembered that the official version of
the accident attributed Yon Hahnke's
death to his losing control of his bi
cycle at a dangerous spot on a narrow
down-hill road, and falling in conse
quence into a raging torrent beneath.
Certain persons, including one or
more brother officers of the deceased,
were Baid to have witnessed the acci
dent, but the names of these witnesses
have never been disclosed, nor, so far
as can be ascertained, was any In
quiry into the affair held by the local
authorities.
Ugly rumors have been current con
necting the disappearance of Yon
Hahnke with the subsequent appear
ance of the Emperor with a black eye —
In explanation of which another strange
and unauthenticated story was official
ly put forward. Then, nearly two
months after the erent, it was an
nounced that the lieutenant's body had
been recovered, although It had pre
viously be^n demonstrated by practical
experiments that no human body could
RECOUNTED
by Major George F. Robinson,
o.i Whom
Congress Bestowed a Gold Medal
for
HIS HERO-C SERVICES
in Saving
Secretary Seward's Lie
at the Peril of His Own.
while we were In fierce grapple, 1 j rill the time trying to
cut or stab me, I felt some one taking hold of me at my
rear. It Hashed into my mind tiiut here was an accomplice
of the murderer. Another swerve of our bodies, and I saw
in the dim lig^t that it was Major Augustus Henry Seward.
He had heard his sister's shriek, had sprung out of bed and
had come into his father's rour.i to find, as he at first
thought, two drunken soldiers soufTling in the darkness. So
he was trying to push us out of the room.
"As soon as I saw Major Seward I called to him, 'Hold
that man's hand; get that knife!' But the major reached
around me from behind and got his hands on the assassin's
shoulders, so as to push him along through the hall door.
The assassin came against the woodwork of the door and
thereby regained a firm footing.
"As quick as lightning he freed himself from my' grasp,
and raising his right arm gave Major Seward several stabs
hold together at this spot for more than
a few hours.
The body thus discovered, after hav
ing been in the water nearly eight
weeks, was brought back to Germany
with much ceremony and received a
quasi-public funeral in which the Em
peror figured conspicuously. Inquiries
made in Germany at the time showed
that German editors had received other
versions of the story of Yon Hahnke's
death, but that they were afraid to
publish anything on the subject.
Now we have the further extraordin
ary fact that, in addition to the unpre
cedented honors paid to him last year,
the Emperor has himself erected ami
himself inaugurated a monument to
this young navil lieutenant — whose
name was hardiy known outside his
own ship and his own family at the
time of his death. We also see the Ger
man press supplied over and over again
with narratives strongly suggestive of
official inspiration, detailing all the cir
cumstances of the tragedy. All infor
mation, however, as to the evidence on
which the narratives are founded 1 is
conspicuously wanting.
In one account it is stated that a
brother officer of the Hohenzollern was
with Yon Hahnke at the time of the
accident, but, strange to say, his name
is not given. An old man, and two
children are also stated to hnve wit
nessed the accident. The question nat
urally arises, when and by whom was
their evidence taken? Was there any
official identification of the body when
It was recovered? Did the Norwegian
authorities hold no Inquiry before send
AL T GTJST 21, 1898.
about the head and shoulders. He bounded down the stairs.
Mr. Hansell, a messenger in the State Department, was
fleeing down the stairs to get help, he having been roused
by Miss Seward's screams and our struggles. Ine reliow
overtook Mr. Hansell half way down and gave him a slash
across the back. Then the assassin went out or the front
door like a rocket, leaped into his saddle, and, striking his
spurs into his horse'n Hanks, was off down the avenue^
'•How long was the assassin Payne in the house.
"Not more than three minutes. It all came upon us so
suddenly and was over so quickly that we had confusm
idoas of it for a time. The excitement was awIUl. when
the assassin was gone I turned to find Secretary Seward on
the carpet at the further side of the bed. His daughter was
bending over him. weeping hysterically. Mrs. Seward ran
into the room from hers, naturally wild with alarm.
"We turned up the gas and gave attention first to tne
Secretary. He was bleeding profusely. The pool of blood
in which he lay, the gvping gash <n the cheek, the wound in
his shoulder and his ghastly pale face all made a mgmrui
sight I lifted the patient to his bed and found that nis
heart still beat, although he seemed pulseless. I assured
the agonized mother and daughter that the Secretary was
still alive. Frederick Seward was walking aimlessly about
the room in a dazed condition. His skull was po severely
fractured that he was ill for months, and he never fully recovered until a surgical .operation took P
ing it off to Germany? Were the old
man, the two children and the brother
officer interrogated by any official or
tribunal? If so, why had the result
not been made public?
The function at Odde and the news
paper accounts of it all have the air
of being inspired by some more Im
portant motive than that of. commem
orating the accidental death of an un
known individual of humble rank. If
that motive be to dispose of the sinis
ter stories that have been in circula
tion, it is strange that such cumbrous
means are adoi-ted, while the much
simpler one of publishing the evidence
on which the official story rests is
avoided.
"Are you invited to Washington's
Fourth-of-July dinner, George?" asked
Samson of George the Third.
"Certainly," replied the King.
"And are you going?" queried Sam
son.
"Of course. Why not?" said the
King. "George and I buried the hatchet
years ago, and now we're having a
brand new ax made that we're going
to bury."
""Where are you going to bury it?"
asked Samson.
"In the head of any jay who tries to
make further trouble between us," re
plied the King, suavely.
Samson immediately took his jaw
bone out of his locker as a measure of
self-protection in case any of his re
marks should be misunderstood.
icdt. Herold and other conspirators,
throe others July 7, 1865."
Major Robinson was an important witness in the famous
trial of the conspirators in Washington Congress quickly
recognized his heroism. He was given a vote of thanks and
awarded a girt of $oO<» and to him was presented a golden
medal struck for the occasion. The medal is, of course, very
highly valued at the major's house. There never was but
one larger, and it is similar in size and somewhat similar in
execution to the ones given General Grant and Admiral
Ferragut. It is heavy, three inches in diameter and a
quarter of an inch thick. On one side is a profile of Major
Robinson in bas-relief, around which are artistically ar
ranged the following words:
Awarded by Congress of the United States to
George F. Robinson for His Heroic Conduct in
Saving the of the Hon. William H. Seward,
Secretary of Suate of the United States, April i 4,
1865.
On the reverse side is the picture in bas-relief of the
struggle of Major Robinson with the assassin Pa>ne at the
bedside of Secretary Seward. The assassin is pictured with
his knife raised on high, tht Secretary is lying semi-pros
trate and Major Robinson is stayin~ the murderous hand
in a downward stroke. The meda! contains some $225 worth
of gold. The steel die for it took weeks of artistic labor
and cost upward of $2000.
For a few years Major Robinson was a clerk in the
War Department at Washington. He was one of the or
ganizers of the Grand Army of the Republic and he has
always been devoted and enthusiastic in that order. When
the Hayes administration came in Major Robinson's friends
insisted that he have a substantial and permanent reward.
The Legislature of Maine (his native State) passed a reso
lution asking that the risk of his life and his saving of the
life of Secretary Peward on such a supreme occasion as
the 14th of April, 1865, be remembered by the President of
the United States. James A. Garfield, Senator John A.
Logan and others took the Major's case to President Hayes
and he appointed him paymaster in the United States army
with the rank of major.
In August, 1S1»S, Major Robinson was retired from the
army, having reached the prescribed age limit. The only
relic he has of the night when assassination and conspiracy
stalked abroad in Washington is the knife with which
Payne almost killed Secretary Seward and the major him-
Felf. The weapon waa dropped at the curbing in front of
the Seward home when Payne excitedly leaped on his horse
after committing his crime and rode away. After the trial
and conviction of the conspirators Joseph Holt, Judge Ad
vocate General of the United States, gave the knife to
Major Rob'nson. It is as formidable a weapon for cutting
and slashing the human anatomy as was ever seen. Its
blnde is thirteen inches long and one and one-half inches
wide. It is as sharp, even now, as a. razor, and in the hands
of a strong man could easily be sent through a pine board
an inch thick. If Assassin Payne had ever had a good blow
with the knife at the chest or stomach of Secretary Seward
n? he lay In bed the blade would undoubtedly have gone
through him.
Prom a photogTap:-.
stanching the flow from the Secretary's cheek and shoulder.
"It was indeed as gory a sight as many a war veteran
sver saw. There was the Secretary, apparently lifeless ana
bleedinK on the bed; Major Seward was bleeding from
wounds in the shoulder; Frederick W. Seward was badly in
jured; a pool of blood was at the bedsidt., the broken pistol
lay In parts near the bed, while blood ran from four wounds
I had on my forehead and shoulders.
"While we were washing the bloody face of the Secre
tary he slowly opened his eyes, and said faintly, 'I am not
dead; call the police; set physicians; close the house.
"Sweeter words were probably never heard by Mrs.
Seward. her son and daughter.
"When did I hear of President Lincoln's assassination.'
When Surgeon General Barnes came (in response to a mes
sage that Miss Seward dispatched at once) he was followed
by many men high In Government authority. The surgeon
showed deep anxiety and th>ughtfulness when he came into
the sickroom. I was engaged in washing the knife wounds,
and he looked at me abstractedly.
" 'How badly is the Secretary hurt? 1 aeked he.
"'I can't tell. You had best see that for yourself,' was
my reply.
"The surgeon general came to take my place at the bed
side As he did he moved close by my side.
" 'Don't say anything, but President Lincoln has just
been shot at Ford's Theater. 1 he whispered.
" "Where's Stanton and Johnson?' whispered I in alarm.
"'What do you mean?' he said.
" 'Why I nwra that this looks like a scheme to kill off
the whole Government,' said I, thinking of the threatened
raid of Mosby's guerrillas.
"Surgeon General Barnes did not answer. He left the
bed -nd went into the hall, which had filled people in
a few minutes. He spoke to some one there. he came
brck to the Secretary'? side and said in an undertone,
'Thank God they're safe!" He went on with an examina
♦ «~« nf thp kprrvinry's injuries. Ten minutes later a mes-
senger came ior
him to hasten to
the side of Presi
dent Lincoln, who
was still alive. The
surgeon general
railed another sur
geon for Secretary
Seward. The fami
ly physician was
also summoned.
"In response to a
request from some
one in the Seward
family a detail
of soldiers arrived
from the military
headquarters to
act as guards
about the house.
The officer in com
mand asked how
they should be
placed, and I
showed him. It
may be said in this
connection that a
guard remained
there all the four
remaining years
that Mr. Seward
was Secretary of
State. It is unnec
essary to add that
there was no sleep
in the Seward
house that night. I
was taken back to
Pou^ias Hospital
the next day and
was in bed for sev
eral weeks. It was
several months be
fore my wounds
healed.
"I learned a few
days after the as
sassination wh o
was the villain
that had attacked
Secretnrv Se-vnr<l.
It was Lewis
Payne. He was ;<
very tall, blue-eyed
man of about 24
years of age. He
weighed about 160
pounds, was mus
cular and bold.
I saw him in the
old Washington
Prison, and also
when he was tried
along with Mrs.
Surratt, A t z c -
He was hanged with
THE KNIFE WITH WHICH PAYNE AT
TACKED SECRETARY SEVVARD. EX
ACT SIZE.
From a photograph.
1920
GREATEST DISTINCTION
EVER WON ABROAD
BY AN AMERICAN WOMAN.
A Chicago Girl Wh>o Is Going to India
as Vicereine; She Will Ta^e F^anK
Next to Queer) Victoria.
AN American girl, Mrs. George N. Curzon, will shortly occupy a rank
next to Queen Victoria in the British empire, as her husband, George
i 'urzon, has just been appointed Viceroy to all India. This is the first
time the exalted rank has been conferred on a commoner since the
great Warren Hastings held it.
Four years ago Mrs. Curzon was Miss Mary Leiter of Chicago and
Washington. Her brother, Joseph Leiter, is the young man who recently
lost $5,000,000 for the family In trying to corner wheat in Chicago.
Her husband will rule over 300.000,000 subjects of the British crown in
India and will receive a salary of $100,000 a year and $200,000 at the same
time for expenses. The cost of maintaining the viceroyaJ establishment
is something enormous, and former Viceroys have sometimes found that
they had to dip into their own private purses to help pay for maintaining
the official splendor of their position. The salary and expense money re
ceived by Mr. Curzon is six times more than the President of the United
States receives.
Mr. Curzon will undoubtedly be raised to the peerage, possibly to an
earldom, before he takes office, and his wife will join in his honors. This is
the first time in history that an American woman has risen to such a high
station in the British empire. Many believe the appointment is furnished
as an augury of the much-talked-of Anglo-American alliance.
THE Right Honorable George Na
thaniel Curzon, Under Secretary
of Foreign Affairs, has been ap
pointed Viceroy and Governor
General of India and in conse
quence his wife shares in his semi
royal honors. Four years ago she was
plain Mary Letter of Chicago. Now she
holds official rank in the British empire
second only to Queen Victoria,
Mrs. Curzon is 31. She has great
beauty. $5,000,000 as dowry and a
young husband who is already one of
the great men of his nation. She is
tall, dark and majestic. Her hair and
complexion are entrancingly beautiful.
She is brilliantly accomplished and has
been gifted by nature with a ready wit.
This is reputed to take a severe turn at
times. t
Mrs. Curzon will appear as a great
sovereign before the millions of In
dia. A beautiful, brilliant and talented
American girl, she is peculiarly fitted
to teach the benighted Hindus how
great a power a woman may wield. The
Viceroy of India has splendid palaces
at Calcutta and %imla. The Calcutta
palace is known as Government House,
and is the largest official residence in
the British Empire, exceeding in size
any of Queen Victoria's palaces. The
Simla palace is a large and beautiful
place in the mountains, intended for
use in the summer months when life
in Calcutta becomes unbearable.
The court of India over which Mrs. .
Curzon will rule is far more splendid j
md ceremonious than that of England.
This is absolutely necessary in order to j
impress the natives and the semi-in- j
dependent princes, who still form a
irery Important element in the Indian
empire. When the Viceroy receives at
jovernment House he wears a uniform
Heavy with gold lace and sits upon a
throne. His wife, beside him, on an
>ther throne, wears royal robes, cov
»red with diamonds and priceless jew
;ls, and a crown upon her head.
Many histories of the house of Leiter
have been published, but they do not
nil much space. There are brief biog- j
raphies of the father, longer accounts i
of the social triumphs of the mother •
md daughters, and a vast deal about
roung Joseph Leiter and his wheat
leal which ended bo disastrously.
So fur as the biographies go the
lead of the family was Joseph Letter,
who lived in a plain, old-fashioned
Wick house in the town of Leitersburg. j
Md., where he followed the business of
i carpenter. He had three sons, George,
ivho died years ago; Freehand, who j
ives in the old homestead, and Levi Z. |
Leiter, the father of the future vicerine
jf India.
Levi Lei tor took to trade with the cer
:ainty of a man confident of his future.
He was ilrst employed as a clerk in a
little country store. Then he went to I
Columbus, 0., where he Bold calico and
ribbons. He was little more than a
peddler. From there he traveled to
Chicago.
It was in 1856 that he entered the dry
poods house of Cooley. Wads worth &
Zo. Marshall Field was a clerk there
it the time. A very excellent salesman
*as Levi Leiter and he was advanced
rapidly. He was a saving man as well.
It was not long before he stepped
>ver the counter into the office and be
came a bookkeeper, at about $20 a week.
He married early. As bookkeeper his
:alents began to show themselves. He
became an expert judge of "credits."
A.fter a time the firm was reorganized
md Marshall Field became partner. In
Tanuary, 1565, the firm of Field. Palmer
& Loiter was organized. The Palmers,
Potter and Milton T retired two years
later, and Leiter became the credit
member of the firm of Field, Leiter &
Do.
No man in the West ever made a
greater reputation as a judge of cred
its than Levi Leiter. He has a genius
tor finance. The firm prospered to a
remarkable degree. Meanwhile Levi
Leiter saw the future of Chicago. He
!>e"-an investing in real estate. He i
sought unimproved lots and gobbled up
business property.
He devoted his life to the accumula
tion of money. In those days he was
i rough, somewhat uncouth man, mak
ng a god of his integrity, unforgiving, .
3evoid of all tact, without popularity
md singularly reticent. But he had the
Midas touch. •
When Mr. Leiter and Marshall Field
luarreled in 18S1 and Leiter withdrew
'rom the firm he received about $3,000.
»00 for his Interest. This he carefully
nvested.
It isn't on record that Levi Leiter was
?ocially ambitious, but his wife was.
The microbe of the pink tea and the
;otillon entered her brain when money
>egan flowing into her husband's
K>cket_
She made assault after assault upon
he exclusive garrisons of Chicago so
iiety, and was forced to withdraw with
jonor and slight loss. In fact, her vic
.ories were Spanish ones.
Now Mrs. Leiter probably didn't care
nuch anyway, because she realized that
.he entrance to Chicago society didn't
•any with it a sesame to the other
•ircles where she wished to rule.
Mrs. Leiter decided to >o to Wash
ngton, and it was a very wise move.
There are many ways of getting into
;ociety in Washington. A combination
if wealth and politics makes a very
•ffective lever. And when one can
jreak into ' the diplomatic set it in
sures a certain standing abroad.
The Letters first lived in the old
31aine mansion and afterward built a
1,/, •-•■ificent house fronting on Dupont
circle.' It is one of the show places of
he capital.
Meanwhile the children were being
■ducated Miss Mary Leiter and her
lister were not projected into a board
np school and 'then polished off In a
Inishing school, where young women
\re taught how to enter and leave a
• Ira wing-room, and to make small con
'ersation in a perfectly polite way. The
•lder daughter studied seriously. She
vas sent abroad to complete her
schooling.
Then It was said long before her mar
riage that Miss Mary Leiter was de
termined to marry a foreigner and usu
ally it was added that he must have a
title. The result has shown that she
did not want a title so much as she
wanted power. And her training has
demonstrated that she appreciated the
advantage of a well-trained mind.
The Leiters have spent much time
abroad. Miss Mary Leiter took ad
vantage of her opportunities. She be
came proficient in the continental lan
guages.
The first warm friendship which Miss
Mary Leiter made in Washington was
with Mrs. W. C. Whitney, and through
her the young woman became an inti
mate friend of Mrs. Cleveland. She
was an everyday visitor at the White
House when she was in Washington.
There isn't any doubt that the eld
est daughter is the intellectual member
of the family. Young Joseph Leiter
went to Harvard and became immense
ly popular. He spent a deal of money
and did nothing in particular.
Miss Loiter met Mr. Curzon first
abroad. They saw much of each other
in England, and Mr. Curzon frequently
came to the United States.
There is no prouder family in Eng
land than the Curzons, and never was
there a harder-working or more ambi
tious young man. It isn't said any
where that It was a love match, which
is a, very excellent reason for believing
that it was. Undoubtedly Miss Leiter
could have married a title had she
chosen. Her father was worth 525,000,
000. She is very beautiful, a tall, dark
young woman, exquisitely graceful,
I>. ss'-ssing that indefinable thing called
"style," and with fine skill in gowning
herself. Many men fell in love with
her and many more with her prospect
ive millions.
Mr. Curzon fell in love with her.
No doubt both father and daugh
ter saw that the time was com
ing when George Curzon would be
a great man. To be sure he would
succeed to the title of Lord Scarsdale
some day if he lived, but he was not
content with that. The young man pre
ferred to carve his own name. His is
one of the great historical families -in
England. The original Curzon smote
the blonde-haired Britons with a dou
ble-edged battle ax at the side of "Will
iam the Conqueror, and he was made
Lord of the Manor of Lockinge, Berks,
and Flshead. Oxon. Giraline de Curzon
was a nobleman in Normandy.
To give an idea of the ramifications of
the Curzon family would be like read
ing pages out of Burkes Peerage. There
are so many lords and earls and honor
ables who have held high places, so
many intermarriages with illustrious
families, that one's eye wearies of the
long names.
The future Viceroy of India was born
in the family home of Eedleston. Over
the door is a motto, cut there years and
years ago: "Waste not, want not."
Possibly the able Mr. Leiter heard of
this motto and it impressed him.
George Curzon distinguished himself
in Eton, carrying off nearly every prize
and honor. He went to Oxford, where
he continued his prize-taking career.
He was a rather arrogant young man,
very haughty and very studious. There
is a couplet which ho has never been
able to live down which shows how
his fellow students regarded him. It
runs:
"There's George Nathaniel Curzon,
Who's a perfectly respectable perzon."
Entering politics he was returned
from Southport and he has been in the
House of Commons ever since.
At first he was unpopular in the
IN AN INSTANT BILL WHIPPED OUT HIS PISTOL fIND POINTED IT $T THE FIGURE IN THE DOORWAY.
THE SA^ FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1898.
House for the same reason that he waa
unpopular in Oxford. He was too im
portant a "person." But he overcame
his defects. He trained himself until
he was recognized as being the most
effective debater next to Air. Chamber
lain.
While he was at Eton he began to
travel and he has been all over the
world. The East attracted him par
ticularly. He has written many re
views and three or four books which
have given him a permanent literary
position. His "'Problems in the East"
is accepted as a volume of great value.
Miss Mary Victoria Leiter and
Ge«>rge Curzon were married in Wash
ington on April 22, 1895. They went
to England shortly afterward. The life
o£ the American girl there has been
a triumph. She entered into her hus
band's political life with enthusiasm.
She helped him make the canvass when
he stood for election. She entertained
in London. He found her an invalua
ble aid to his ambition.
As has been said George Curzon was
looking forward to the day when he
might become Premier of England. As
he is only 39, a mere infant in politics
according to the British idea, he
would have to wait a dozen years at
least.
Now Mrs. Curzon is an American,
and she doesn't believe in long delays.
She has the audacity which is the first
American characteristic. She quickly
learned that women play an important
part in English politics. She entered
into it and became one of those power
ful unseen, unrecognized forces that
surround Parliament.
When the greatest gift of the British
Government was offered Mr. Curzon it
was not believed that he would accept.
Many pe.-ple thought that the office
had not been placed at his disposal, for
It is the first instance in which a vlce
royalty has been offered to a com
moner. But the announcement made
in the Hous-- of commons last Thurs
day by Mr. Balfour has set ail discus
sion at rest, and the Manchester
Guardian, a high authority, 'adds that
it is an open secret that Mr. Curzon
accepted the place because his wife
wanted him to.
The position is more splendid, more
important and more powerful than the
wife of the President of the United
States. Mrs. Curzon preferred real
power over millions of subjects to the
quiet honors of a great Parliamentary
career for her husband, with a Prime i
Ministership in the distance. So Mr.
Curzon takes himself out of the line of
promotion to that great place.
Of course the Secretary of State for I
india is by law the ruler, but it is the '
\ivcroy really who controls things. It I
Is not a sinecure. The Indian Viceroy
is always referred to as the busiest
man iii Asia, and generally he is con
sidered the most important. He can
do pretty much as he pleases. He con
trols the enormous civil service ma
chine. He can make the army of 200,000
men move about as h*> pleases. When
ever he appears at a post parades are
held in his honor. He is wined and
dined and made much of by soldiers,
civilians nnd natives.
WHISKEY SMUGGLING
IN THE WILDS OF ALASKA
Dangerous J3dventures on One Expedition Even Wt2en Every
thing Wag "Understood."
SELLING whisky In Alaska is a
violation of the law.
I!ut there is always plenty of
whisky to be had by any one who
has the price. Illicit distilling is
carried on to only a small extent, so it
is most apparent that the whisky is
smuggled into the country. And a most
exciting and profitable business this is.
Aaron H. Brown, who has Just re
turned to San Francisco from Alaska.
had an experience of this kind while
in the nor'.h last winter. He did not
know what kind of a venture he was
He must hold court in Calcutta when
that place is livable and entertain in
Simla and other places when it is not.
The wife of the Viceroy holds a place
almost as important as his. She is the
head of Anglo-Indian society. She has
to perform legal functions. Sh«- will
receive the native princes, who demand
that the most punctilious forms be fol
lowed. They are wise # in the niceties
of etiquette, and if this' American girl,
whose early life was passed in Chicago,
By One of the Smugglers.
engaging in until it was almost carried
out. A man simply hired him to go
with him from Circle City to Fort Yu
kon and bring back a load of goods. He
did not know until they were piling the
goods on the sleigh that he w;ts engag
ed in smuggling and if caught would
be sent to prison in Sitka.
In telling of his experience Mr. Brown
said: "Whisky was getting low in Cir
cle City. The saloon stock had been
watered over and over again until
there was hardly any taste to it. Some
thing had to be done.
"One night as we were sitting round
falls short in the slightest decree it
will make her place uncomfortable.
By right of her sex she enters homes
which are barred even to a King of
England. And that is one thing she
must always remember.
One of the most beautiful sights in
the world is the annual migration of
butterflies across the Isthmus of Pan
ama. Where they come from or whither
! the fire in our cabin Windy Bill, the
bartender at Herrington's, came rush-
Ing in and yelled tfut: "Hello, Jim!
Hello, Tom! Say. Urown, do you want
t<. go down t<> Fort Yukon with me in
. the morning? I've hired old Surru^ki's
dogs and am going to get a load of
canned meat.'
"The boys knew just as well as
Holmes, the custom house man, did
just what kind of a load of 'canned
| meat' Windy was going after. I was
Innocent about the kind of goods meant
and took Bill at his word.
"The next morning at about half-past
they go no one knows and though
many distinguished naturalists have
attempted to solve the problem, it Is
still as strange a mystery as it was to
the first European traveler who ob
served it. Toward the end of June a
few scattered specimens are discovered
flitting out to sea, and as the days go
by the numbers increase, until about
July 14 or 15 the sky is occasionally
almost obscured by myriads of these
frail insects.
ooocoooooooocoooo
2 o'clock the cabin door was kicked
open and in rushed the freezing cold air
and a gruff voice yelled. 'Turn out and
come over to breakfast.' I slipped on
my heavy coat and moccasins, grabbed
a bundle of extra footwear and then
went over to a steaming breakfast of
beans, hot cakes and coffee. Then we
put the dogs in their collars and fas
tened the belly bands. With a chirp to
the leader Windy led off at a trot and
we got safely down the bank and en
tered the river trail. The dogs were
fresh, and now and then gave plaintive
little whines.
"About 4 o'clock we came to the
Twenty-five Mile cabin. Here we in
tended to stay for a couple of hours.
Windy ordered me to get out the grub
box and get a 'bang-up square.' We
let the dogs out of their harness and
Windy started a big camp fire. Three
hours after our stop we were on the
road again. The men and dogs were
all pretty tired, so we settled down to
that last stretch of twenty-five miles
of moonlight trail.
"About midnight we began to pass
dark, gloomy looking cabins, clearly
outlined against the white, gleaming
li^ht.
"Soon we came to. the squaw-man's
cabin, where we were to stay until we
got our return load. Windy kicked and
banged on the door, and at last they let
us in and Martha, Joe's squaw, lit the
fire and got us something to eat. I
slept until 10 o'clock, and when I tried
to get up I found every muscle about
me stiffened out as though it had an
iron rod run through it. But a warm
breakfast fixed me up so I could stag
ger along.
"It wasn't every one who could get
whisky at the North Alaska Trading
Co.'s store and Bill had to use all his
eloquence to get his load, but I knetv
it was all right when I hoard old Booge
saying, 'You see it's against the law for
us to break the seals. The stuff is bond
ed through to Dawson so I can't really
sell it to you. Bill.' Then he gave Bill
a very knowing look and continued.
'You know we are going to move the
whisky out of that old warehouse. And
may be the men might leave about
eight of those ten-gallon kegs outside
to-night. But I say. Bill, you'd better
leave that $1600 sack of dust with me if
you're afraid of carrying it back to Cir
cle City.'
"Bill passed over the saok, and then
turned and gave me a long serious
wink.
"That's all there was to the transac
tion. Both men were on their honor.
"Bill and I were up at two the next
morning, and by the time the squaw,
had breakfast ready we had driven the
dog team round to the store and had
tied on the eight kegs of whisky. A
little later we were on the trail again,
but now the dogs had a heavy load
to pull and we did not travel very fast.
"In the evening we reached the cabin,
where we were to spend the night. All
night long a wind-storm raged round
the house, and in the morning when we
were ready to start there was not a
sign of the old trail left. Bill sent me
on ahead of the dogs to find the trail
and then he came along shouting and
cursing. Every once in a while I could
hear his heavy whip snap on some
shirking dog, and then the whole five
would let out the most dismal howls,
which would be answered by Bill's
yells. But the worst experience of all
was when we hit the rough ice where
the trail went over big chunks and sid
led round others, and here Windy could
not keep the sleds right side up, no
matter how hard he tugged and strained
at the gee-pole. It took all of our unit
ed strength to set a sled on its runners,
and this we had to do a dozen times be
fore we reached camp that night.
"At last we came to where the stove
and tent had been cached and here we
stopped. It was a very cold night,
JOSEPH LEITER.
The Central Figure Irj the Late Big Wheat
Deal In Chicago In Which |-|c
Lost $5,000,000.
about fifty below zero, and we nearly
froze before we got the tent up and
boughs laid on the snow. In about two
hours we had everything comfortable,
the dogs had been fed. Windy was
cocking supper and I had just finished
cutting enough wood to last all ni^rht.
After eating we lay back on our blank
ets and talked and smoked. Bill was
telling me stories of how they had run
whisky mills in Circle, and of smug
gling in the outside whisky. He got
out his pistol and began cleaning it.
The old six-shooter had seen service
with him as a cowboy and stage driver.
" 'Officer Holmes,' he said, "has de
clared that if he ever catches me with
a load of whisky he'll send me to Sitka
sure, and he swears he'll shoot Metley
too (this was Bill's favorite dog), but
I guess he won't be any too anxious to
meet us when we get in," and Bill
squinted along the barrel of his gun,
the candle light flickering on his harsh,
strong features.
"Bill gave a low chuckle and then
with a broad smile at me, he said, 'You
see. Brownie, we'll leave here at about
noon to-morrow, and get to Circle City
about one next morning. Everything
will be quiet then and we'll land the
stuff safe and sound.'
"Next morning we were awakened
by a long dog train passing by the tent
and headed for Fort Yukon. The' team
had broken the trail for us all the way
from Circle, so the rest of our trip was
| comparatively easy. Along about
I twelve that night the first lo^ cabins of
the western end of the town began to
appear. Here Bill stopped the team
and carefully tied up all the bells on
the dogs' collars, and then he strapped
the big six-shooter to his belt. Soon
we were pulling up the road cut in the
I steep bank of the river.
"Bill had quit swearing at the dogs
now. and I had hold of the leader's col
lar, guiding him along past the cabins.
; We moved in perfect silence, except for
| th*e slight crunching noise made by the
| runners of the sled passing over the
; frozen snow. New we were just about
j to pass the custom-house, and then on
! down to the saloon.
j "The noise of the steel runners seemed
j like the grinding of a sawmill in my
j ears Bill's right hand fondled the butt
| of his six-shooter.
"When nearly opposite the custom
house suddenly the door opened. Bill's
fatal pistol showed up black and om
inous in the darkness, and then— a low
chuckle from 818, a guilty little laugh
from a small figure that darted swiftly
past me and— the door closed.
"We drove on softly clown to the sa
loon, and behind me I could hear Bill
i muttering, 'Durned if I didn't nearly
j plug a hole right through that little
i squaw.' "iIAP SHOWING THE STRATtGIC POSITION OF ESQUIMALT.
• -.The peculiar location of Esquimau gives it command of the
■ -.entire Bouthern end of th< « «'« ' ll '» '■' J" 1 f. n aUnobt
■ certain destrucUon for any fleet to attempt to face it.
ESQUIMALT, THE TOWN OF VANCOUVER ISLAND THAT IS BEING TORN DOWN BY THE BRITISH GOVERNMENT TO MAKE ROOM FOR ONE OF THE STRONGEST FORTIFICATIONS IN THE WORLD.
/ I \ HE town of Esquimau. B. C, is
to be razed and wiped out of ex
istence. So the British Govern
ment ha? ordered. Unlike Sib
oney. Cuba, though, when Gen
eral Mile? ordered it destroyed,
Esquimau will not go up in
F.moke, and unlike Siboney, upon its
Bite will arise one of the greatest fort
resses of the world. This point is of
particular interest to Californlans, be
cause this magnificently designed
stronghold will be next door to us in
British Columbia, right above the
TV-ashincrt on State line. Some idea of
Its proposed strength may be gained
when it is known that the British Engi
■ haye already dubbed it "'The New
Gibraltar."
The jutting peninsula on which the
town of Esquimau is situated has been
selected as the exact spot in all the Pa
cific Coast possessions of Britain
where this impregnable fortress shall
be built; hence the notice now being
ed on all Esquimalt land I: elders,
lessees, etc., to pack their possessions
and move. Of course the Government
will pay them fairly for the land.
houses and improvements they are
SHIPWRECKED SAILORS
SAVED FROM CANNIBALISM
Grewsome Experience of a San Francisco
.Merchant .among Whalers on
the Jllaskan Coast.
The following story of shipwrecked whalers, whom hunger and
privation drove to actual cannibalism, is taken from the diary of
'.' Julien Liebes, a prominent merchant of San Francisco, who made the
journey of which he relates in the United States revenue cutter Bear.
Mr Liebes is a member of the great mercantile house of the same
name, and is also interested in two of the most extensive commer
cial corporations doing business in Alaska and Siberia. He went on
a four months' journey of inspection, visiting during that period
every station and every point of interest along the coast of the
Bering and Arctic seas, on both the American as well as on the
Asiatic continents, and keeping a faithful record of all he observed.
The most thrilling incident is the rescue of a crew of famished
whalers who had become cannibals before the rescuers reached
them.
WHILE at anchor in the bay
of Unalaska, June 12, a
whale boat was seen enter
ing the harbor, and our
steam launch was sent off
to meet the new comer,
which proved to be the captain and
part of the wrecked crew of the whaler
James Allen. Captain Huntley of the
party told us a harrowing tale of suf
fering and implored us to go at once
to .the rescue of the remainder of his
..crew, whom he had left in the great
est, distress on a small island. With
Captain Huntley were six of his crew.
Our machinery was being repaired,
but Captain Huntley and his men
begged so earnestly not to delay that
Tearing Down a City to Make
Room for the Greatest
Fortress on the Pacific Coast
SEVEN HUNDRED MILES NORTH OF SAN FRANCISCO BRITISH ENGINEERS ARE CLEARING
AWAY THE HOUSES OF THE CONDEMNED TOWN OF ESQUIMALT IN ORDER
TO BUILD FORTIFICATIONS WHICH THEY SAY WjLL RiVAL
THOSE OF GIBRALTAR.
obliged to give up. Some of the inhabi
tants have already moved out and their
houses are being demolished to make
room for the great arsenals, docks and
fortifications the Govern:" ent proposes
to erect in their stead.
For some time past in a quiet way
the Government has steadily been mak
ing improvements in Esquimalt, but
not one of the residents suspected that
the town was to be razed.
Two or three weeks ago a couple of
men of the engineers walked throuerh
the town, and wherever directed by an
officer accompanying them, drove deep
into the ground a little iron post. Their
stroll took the trio along the Victoria-
Esquimalt road from the Canteen field.
past th<> picturesque parish church of
St. Paul and down "the one street
of the little town" to its termination
at Esquimalt wharf.
The posts are still in position, with
the letters "W. D." (the sign of the
War Department), and the significant
t>road arrow beneath, to tell the resi
dents of the place that the time is ap
proaching when the town is to be of
ficially effaced, and Queen Victoria's
army and navy secure undisputed pos
session of the entire peninsula, of
which during the past half century the
naval hamlet has been the center.
we abandoned all repairs, put the ma
chinery together as fast as possible and
steamed out of the harbor within four
hours after we heard the news of the
wrecked crew. We encountered very
strong head winds, blowing almost a
gale, and we made very little progress.
Instead of reaching Unnak Island in
the morning, as we had expected, we
did not reach there until the follow
ing day. The United States steamer
Albatross started out with us, intend
ing to help in the search and rescue,
but she was compelled to put back into
the harbor on account of the severe
storm.
On June 14, toward noon, we reached
the place and made a landing to rescue
at the time, but we landed and on get
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1898.
In a word, the War Department is
preparing to take possession of all
private property contained within the
town of Esquimalt, in order to com
plete the equipment of the naval sta
tion, and make here at the southern
corner of Vancouver Island a sup
ply depot of the British Empire as im
pregnable as was Gibraltar fifty years
ago.
History has recorded many cases of
possession-taking by the forces of
Great Britain — and razing a town is not
altogether a new thing with her Ma
jesty's soldiery. The present experi
ence is unique, however, in that the oc
cupation of Esquimalt comes in pro
foundest peace, and the only ambition
of the citizens who must pack their be
longings and depart is to make the best
possible bargain with the invading
Government.
The people are taken by surprise.
They cannot but admit the wisdom and
necessity of Esquimalt town being
passed out of existence. Their present
business is simply to press upon the
representatives of the imperial Govern
ment the full extent of the actual sen
timental and prospective value of the
several holdings. In the meantime the
relentless War Department is showing
no un-British haste, but piece by piece
the private property upon which the
Government has set its eye is being
ting to the place of the famished whal
the crew. A heavy sea was running
ers the most appalling sight met us
human eyes ever beheld. There were
the survivors of that ill-fated whaler,
huddled together in an abandoned hut,
wan, hollow-cheeked. with sunken
eyes, emaciated and reduced to mere
shadows, and too feeble to stand erect.
They attempted to utter a cheer on
perceiving the rescuers, but the cheer
was so feeble that it almost died
within their throats. When they real
ized that they had reached the end of
their almost superhuman suffering they
smiled between tears.
But an ominous silence pervaded the
entire party, casting a deeper gloom
over the surroundings than *he cer
tainty of immediate rescue warranted.
At last they could conceal "he cause
of their embarrassment no loncrer and
made a clear, breast of what some of
Oiir party had dreaded on entering the
hut and finding the crew engaged in
cooking some substance, which ap
peared to be meat. They admitted
tnat they had become cannibals anJ
were cooking part of the remains of one
of their deceased comrades.
They told us that they had been on
the point of starvation, and so feeble
tha% they could neither move nor
speak above a whisper. They had
eaten Gideon after his death. Wh»n
his remains had been disposed of they
dug up Pena, who had been buried two
weeks.
They made the excuse that unless
they had done that our party would
have found them all dead.
The survivors we took on board were
Daniel Logan, Frank King, John Diet
rich, William Andrews, Joseph Allr?n,
John Ricker, D. Peterson, Joseph ill
lain and Frank Burton. They were so
enfeebled that they had to be carried
on board the ship and assisted to reach
; the forecastle. They were stripped of
! their filthy, tattered garments, swarm
ing with vermin, and given clean
clothes after their bodies were thor
oughly cleaned. They were a pitiable
sight when stripped.
On the following day we sent a party
out to explore the little island, and
found an Aleutian village within six
miles of the hut where we had found
the wrecked crew. They had no idea
of the existence of any human beings
on the island, though they had gone
quietly acquired, so that even now the
purpose and result are apprehendable.
Great Britain makes no flourish of
trumpets in the perfection of her prep
arations for attack or defense. She is
a silently moving force, and while dur
ing many months past hundreds of
men have been busily employed in the
fortifications of Esquimalt, none save
the most trusted officers of army and
navy possess the details of what has
been accomplished — or ever will unless
the demands of actual war should pro
duce a demonstration.
The plan contemplates the equip
ment of a store, repair and supply sta
tion second to none in the empire; the
building and manning of forts capable
of defending this depot aerainst any
force that could be brought against
it by sea or land; the providing of
docks large enough to receive the best
and biggest examples of marine archi
tectural skill, and the establishment of
barracks, a service prison and other
necessary buildings for the use and
benefit of the numerous soldiers and
sailors who will be required to hold the
forts and man the ships of the sta
tion.
The naval history pf Esquimalt has
been from first to last one of steady
expansion and development. The sta
tion owes its existence to-day chiefly
to geographical conditions, making it
from their camp several miles in search
of some habitation, hut or trace of life.
The following day we started back
for Unalaska and made Dutch Harb.<r
early Friday, June 15. When the res
cued crew had sufficiently recovered
from the terrible experience it had un
dergone the captain wrote the follow
ing report of the wreck and the sub
sequent events on the little island, his
report being supplemented by the nar
ratives of the sailors.
The whaling bark James Allen was
wrecked off the coast of Amlia Island at
1:38 a. m.. May 11. having struck a sunken
rock, causing her to fill rapidly. A fresh
breeze was blowing at the time from the
southeast, and the weather was hazy. At
9:30 p. m. the previous night the vessel
was judged to be fifteen miles west of
Amlia Island. At 11:40 p. m. land was re
ported three points off port bow. which
the captain supposed to be Seguam Isl
and. One hour later a reef was seen right
ahead. The vessel's course was immedi
ately changed to avoid the reef, when she
struck three times in rapid succession
upon a sunken rock, and then passed over
it into deep water. The pump was
manned at once, but it soon became ap
parent that the vessel was filling very
fast, and orders were given to clear the
boats. While the boats were lowered the
captain secured a chart and chronometer,
from the cabin anu passed them into the
starboard boat, the captain following.
The boat had been badly stove in the
haste of lowering it. The first mate und
several of the crew jumped into the boat
of the second 'mate, passing the dam
aged boat, containing the captain and
three of the crew. Just as the boats
pulled away from the ship her fore and
main masts fell, and raising her head
high out of the water she was seen to go
down stern first.
The captain and his men kept bailing
their damaged boat with the one bucket
they had and tneir hat= all night, and so
managed to keep her from sinking, bail
ing and drifting until daylight, when
they drifted near the east end of Amlia
Island and made a landing in the lea of
the island. Two other boats came along
some hours later and also landed, thus
making 22 men and the captain saved
from the wreck. The other boats they did
not see, though it was learned later" that
one was sighted by natives and rescued
by the steamer Dora and taken to Una
laska by the United States steamer Pe
trie.
Hauling the boats up against a fissure
in the rocks, .nd with the remnants of
what had once been a sail, they man
aped to make some sort of shelter. The
gale continued for two days, and they
were unable to get a boat off the beach
so they were obuged to subsist on mus
sels and seaweeds. On the third day the
storm somewhat abated and a boat was
naturally a place of strategic value, yet,
surprising as it may be to many, it was
not a naval or a military officer who
mounted the first gun in Victoria's ser
vice suburb. Here, as in not a few
other places, the colors of the nation
followed the house flag of the Hud
son Bay Company, and it was one
of the outposts of this semi-national
colonization corporation who first re
cognized the advantages of the mag
nificent harbor and commanding emi
nences overlooking, that are nature's
contribution to the value of the new
stronghold.
This was in 1837. when Dr. Tolmie
made his way north from Fort Van
couver, on the Columbia River, for the
purpose of developing trade with the
natives of the then utterly unknown
wilderness of Vancouver Island. His
landing place was on the north side of
the harbor, not far from the present
station of the Island Railway, and, as
many Indians had their homes in the
vicinity, he concluded it would be an
excellent plan to remain and initiate
them in the mysteries of the white
man's commerce. At the point of his
debarkation he built his fort, calling it
Camisen, and within the rude stockade
did the first business of the new coun
try.
As the weeks rolled by and he solved
got off, and with hooks made of the han
dle of an old tin pail they caught some
codfish.
On the morning 1 of the following day
the wind came from the southeast, and
all three boats started for Unalaska, 240
miles distant. They had but one sail be
tween them, which was made out of two
sheets. The boat carrying the sail took
the other two in tow. passing Amukta
Island at about midnight. The wind be
gan to increase in fury, until it had
grown to a furious gale on the morning
of the following day. June 17. The for
ward boat began to leak badly and was
compelled to cast the others off, though
they kept together as much as possible
driving before the gale. On tne ISth they
ran toward the Four Mountain* Island
and tried to make a landing, but were
prevented by the heavy surf. They tied
their boats to some rocky shelf off shore,
and numb and stiff from the cold spent
the night without food or water. The
wind veering around again in the morn
ing from the southwest, they concluded
to abandon one boat, stow the 26 men In
the remaining two. and make one more
effort to reach port. On that day Patrick
Conbolly, one of the crew. died, having
succumbed to hunger, privation anu ex
posure.
Leaving the Four Mountains group they
went northeast toward Unnak Island.
About 3 p. m.. In jibing a sail, the cap
tain's boat capsized and before aid
could be rendered. William Fitzgerald
John White. E. Elvey and Frank Mur
phy were swept away by the sea and
drowned. To attempt righting the cap
sized boat appeared to be too hazardous
an undertaking, so she had to be aban
doned, and the nine remaining men were
taken Into the last boat, which became
dangerously overcrowded with twenty
two men.
That night a landing was effected on
Unnak Island and a frugal meal made
of mussels and seaweed. During the
night Samuel Masterson died, having
succumbed to the unnatural strain and
over exertion.
The captain realized that the crew
could be saved only by reaching Una
laska within the shortest possible time,
and he picked six of the strongest men
of the party, leaving the rest behind, and
started for Unalaska. They had been
out but a short distance, when a strong
gale sprang up, driving them back Into
camp before night. During that day
Harry Taylor and William Day had died.
Some of the men hunting around for
food found an abandoned hut, which had
probably been used by sea-ottor hunters.
The party moved into the old hut that
same night for shelter. They found In
the hut two rusty tin pails, from the wire
bails of which they made fish hooks.
From May 23 until June 5 the captain
had made four unsuccessful attempts to
reach Unalaska, being driven back each
time by stormy weather.
PRESENT DRY DOCK AT ESQUIMALT.
This dork has been able to harullo the bijcffeKt English men
nf wax that have visited it to date. Preparations are beinf
made to build one on a vastly larger scale.
the problem of intercourse with the
natives, Dr. Tolmie learned from them
that there was a large and more pros
perous village only a few miles away,
to which attention might be given with
promise of profit. He was guided
across the little neck of land to what is
now known as Deadman's River,
through the Gorge, and down the
Arm to where five thousand or more
Si washes were camped on the site of
the present city of Victoria. That set
tled it with Dr. Tolmie. His mission
was with population and so he
promptly pulled stakes, literally as
well as metaphorically, and trans
ferred his headquarters to the smaller
harbor, leaving Esquimalt once again
deserted by the whites.
The present drydock at Esquimau
was commenced in 1880, and completed
some few years later, under the joint
control of the Imperial and Dominion
Governments, both of which contrib
uted to its cost, about $755,000. It is a
massive stone work of great solidity,
450 feet in length and C 5 feet wide.
Practically all the British warships
that during the last fifteen years have
seen Pacific service have at some time
or other during their commission oc
cupied it for cleaning or repair.
Of these the largest have been the
flagships Warspite and Royal Arthur.
both of which tested its capacity for
WHY NOT USE PH ONOGRAPHS
TO TAKE COURT TESTIMONY ?
Jlttorney General Fitzgerald Thinks T^at
a Few Years .May Bee Tl^em Put
to Suel? Use,
WHY not use the phonograph
in our courts of law?
The idea is simply to use
the phonograph for taking
down evidence instead of a
stenographer. The plan was
first suggested by Attorney General
Fitzgerald the other day, when he ex
pressed himself warmly in favor of the
Instrument. I called upon the Judge
to get further particulars.
"Yes," he said, "it is quite true. I
b^ieve that in the course of a few
years we .will have the phonograph
generally In the California courts."
"Are they used anywhere else for this
purpose?"
"I don't know, but I don't see why
we shouldn't have them here. But I
have not had time to work out the de
tails of the scheme."
"But how could you be sure of the j
phonograph's veracity? Would you
swear in the machine?"
"Well, I don't see how we could in- I
duce a machine to take an oath, but I
we could put the man who turned the j
crank under bonds."
That was all the Judge would say I
about the phonograph. But there can •
be no doubt that his idea is destined j
to bear fruit In the future, and that \
the reform will vastly facilitate the j
working of jiistice.
Not only will the courts be able to <
get through more work than under the j
present system, but absolute, unim
peachable, mechanical accuracy will be
secured. There can be no possible dis-
breadth, and forced upon the British
admiralty for consideration a fact that
has an important bearing upon the
present operations.
Up td the building of the existing?
dock and for some little time there
after it was not anticipated that any
larger craft than the then best of Eng
land's navy would ever require to be
cared for on the Esquimalt blocks.
Never yet has a ship been detailed for
service on the North Pacific that is too
lar^e for docking here. The day has
gone by, however, when such a restric
tion can be allowed to stand, and the
question now is whether the existing
dock shall be enlarged or a new and
much larger one be constructed wholly
for the accommodation of England's
giant dogs of war.
To enlarge would, according to the
superintendent of the dock. Captain.
Devereux, mean nothing less than the
construction primarily of a cofferdam
costing $45,000 or $50,000, and then the
tearing out of one entire side of the
dock. To do this wouid be practically
as expensive as to buiid a new dock,
and hence it is anticipated that the
latter course will be pursued, the site
chosen being the little cove on the
Victoria side of the village, at the
base of Signal Kill, and at present the
rendezvous of the torpedo-boats and
torpedo-boat chasers.
I pute as to the actual words used by
i a witness: the element of human error
; will be entirely eliminated. The method,
; in short, would be as far ahead of our
; present plan as we are ahead of the
: practice followed in most European
i courts.
In the English police courts, for mi
i stance, it is still the custom to take
down the testimony of each witness in
| longhand, a painfully slow method.
j Then, when the evidence is finished, the
| whole manuscript has to be read over
j and the witness is required to sign his
name. It takes a long time to get
through a case, and it is not uncom
| mon for the examinations in an im
j portant trial to last two or three days.
In the upper courts things move some
what more rapidly, for there, as a
rule, no official record is kept of the
evidence. This often leads to much
confusion, and disputes as to the exact
nature of the evidence given are fre
quent between the contending lawyers
on either side.
The employment of a stenographer is
certainly a great advance on this. But
the most skillful shorthand writer is,
after all, only a human being, and lia
ble to err. Besides, there must neces
sarily be some delay in transcribing
the evidence before it can be made
available for use. The phonograph
would present its record at once all
ready for reference. The machine, of
course in charge of an expert, wimld
be placed on a stand close to the wit
ness, who would be required to speak
clearly and distinctly, so as to produce
a good record. Instead of signing the
evidence, as at present, the witness
would make a verbal declaration as to
its accuracy.
2122
All the Pictures on This Page Are Carefully Worked Up Views of the Spanish Cruiser Oquendo, Showing in Detail the Fearful Effects of the Fire of the American Warships in the Great Battle of July 3. The Photographs Were lasen ivi iue uw wun a
Special View to Showing the Destruct ive Effects of Modern Naval Fire.
THE STORY OF THE
SMASHED FLEET OF
CERVERA,
Views of a Naval Expert Upon
tt)e Conditioo of the Spanish
Ships and Some Pertirjent
Deductions Regarding New
Naval Warfare.
BY A NAVAL EXPERT.
THE gun is still the supreme sea
weapon.
It is true that the greatest
havoc in the Spanish ships driven
ashore off Santiago was caused
by fire, but this conflagration was
a secondary and not a primary cause.
Of the four ships examined and re
ported upon by the naval board three
were wrecked by the explosion of their
magazlneß. This also was a secondary,
not a determining, cause. No, the main
weapon was not the ram nor the tor
pedo, but the gun.
It is impossible yet to state what ef
fect the American projectiles may have
had upon the submerged parts of the
hulls, but the above-water structure
yields convincing evidence >ot gun
power. The total number of Sfcpts fired
in the action has not been made pub
lic, but we have reports of two ships,
and if these be accepted as a ratio for
the others the ammunition rained upon
the Spaniards must have been enoT
mous.
Captain Evans of the lowa states
that the following is an approximation
of the projectiles fired from his ship:
Thirty-one 12-inch semi-armor piercing
shells, with full charges; 35 8-inch com
mon shells, with full charges; 251 4-inch
The Story of Cervera's Defeat and Smashed
ALL THAT IS LEFT OF THE OQUENDO.
common shells, 1056 6-pounder cart
ridges, common shell?, and 100 1-pound
er cartridges, common shells. Captain
Cook of the Brooklyn reports that he
fired 100 rounds of 8-inch shells, 473 s
inoh, 1200 6-pounder and 200 1-pounder
ammunition. If the other battleships
maije the same average as the lowa we
will get, after allowing: for the respec
tive differences in caliber, a total of
about 190,000 pounds of metal, or ninety
tons, discharged against the enemy.
Assuming that about 6f>oo shots in all
were fired, and this approximation is
fairly close, we find, excluding the fires
from the 6 and 1 pounders, that 1500
projectiles of the larger calibers were
discharged by the Oregon. Brooklyn.
lowa, Indiana and Texas. It will be in
teresting to note in this connection the
number of direct hits made by these
shells. This is taken from the report
made by the Examining Board con
vened by Admiral Sampson immediate
ly after the battle:
"Four-inch shells, fired only by the
lowa — tho Infanta Maria Teresa, i; the
Almirante Oquendo, 5; the Vizcaya, 2.
"Five-inch shells, fired only by the
Brooklyn—the Infanta Maria Teresa,
5; tho Vizcaya, 6; the Almirante Oquen
do, 5 (one of which exploded a tor
pedo); the Cristobal Colon. 4.
"Eight-inch shells, fired by the
Brooklyn, the lowa, the Oregon and
the Indiana— The Maria Teresa, 3; the
Alrnirnntp Oqaendo, 3: thp Vizcaya, 4.
As tho Indiana did not follow the chase
she probably had nothing to do with
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1898.
From Photopraohs Taken Soeciallv fcr the Sunday Call.
the hits on the Ylzcaya.
"Twelve or thirteen Inch
shells — Only two on the Teresa
must be credited to the battle
ships Oregon, Indiana, Texa^
and lowa, although it is quite
certain that the Texas flred one.
"All the Spanish ships were
riddled by the rapid fire of the
one and six-pounders carried by
all the American ships."
The total of forty hits ap
plied to the projectiles fired
gives about 3 per cent of suc
ccsFful shots. To the layman
this may seem a small ratio, but
it is very good, indeed, when the
smoke, distance and the diffi
culties of a running fight are
considered. The engagement
started at a range of 6000 yards
—that is, at a distance of about
three miles. Following out an
approved sea maxim and the es
pecial instructions formulated
by Rear Admiral Sampson the
ships closed gradually, so that
both torpedo-boats and two of
the armored cruisers were de-
Btroyed when within 2500 yards.
At one time the Vizcaya and
the Brooklyn were engaged in
close order for modern fighting,
the distance estimated being
Just over 1000 yards.
In the special report made by
the board it Is stated that the
Almirante Oquendo suffered
more than any other of the
s,hips, except the torpedo-boats.
Her upper works were masses of
distorted steel and her decks were lit
tered with killed and wounded. She was
hit on the port side four times by eight-
Inch shells, three times by four-inch
Bfcells, twice by six-inch guns and for
ty-two times by six-pounders. As will
be seen in one of the illustration^, an
eight-inch shell entered the forward
turret at the gun embrasure. This ex
ploded and killed every man in the
turret, most of them instantly, for the
officer standing in the firing hood and
one man at a lever were found in these
positions when the ship was examined
by rhe board.
The Vizcaya was swept by a storm of
projectile* from the rapid-fire guns.
She was hit by the larger projectiles
fourteen times and by the B-potmdera
eleven times. The S-inch guns of tho
Brooklyn and the Oregon and the fl
inch guns of the Brooklyn completely
wrecked her structure above the armor
belt. The 6-inch shells perforated hi-r,
ar : d supplementing all this was the de
structive work of the lowa's 4-inch. In
tho Infanta Maria Teresa, thp only ves
sel hit by 12 or 13 inch projectiles, two
of these went through her, one prob
ably fired by the Texas and one from
some other, of the battle-ships. Each
claims the shot. An 8-inch shell, cred
ited; to the Brooklyn, entered; the side
just forward of the port -beam, burst
and disabled the four crews manning
the guns of that deck. This is the shot,
Admiral Cervera. says, that set fire, to
the ship; and;" as her fire mains were
cut, forced her, from an inability to ex
tinguish the flames, to surrender and
seek the shore. 
(If all the ships the Cristobal Colon
came out best. She was struck only,
six times by large projectiles, and sur
rendered when '; the -Oregon's thirteen-
Inch shells spanned -her with a destruc
tive range. One eight-inch shell, spon
sor unknown, landed /in ; the Colon's
wardroom, and /exploding wrecked the
compartment, and a six-inch projectile, ,
nicely placed,' smashed her bow. None
of these injuries was sufficient to put
her out of action, and the preps reports
state ■ that ; they were not " so serious '; as
those received by the Brooklyn. On
board the Viscaya a projectile struck
a loaded torpedo, which exploded, kill
ing twenty men and setting fire to the
forward part of the ship.
SAVING THE
WRECKED WARSHIPS
Special to the Sunday Call.
TIIAT friendly hand of fate which
revealed to Richmond Pearson
Hobson, naval constructer U. S.
N-, the road to undying glory by
moans of the Merrimac, had still
another meed of fame in store for him.
This young man. the personification of
naval skill and intelligence, has pitted
himself against a board of older offi
cers who decided in their wisdom that
ihe Cristobal Colon, late of Admiral
Cervera's squadron, could not be raised
from its bed on the shoals of the
Southern Cuban coast.
When ih. liobson, after a personal
Inspection of the wrecked ships, told
Admiral Sampson that, in his opinion,
both the Colon and the Maria Teresa
could be saved, he was sent norih at
once to lay his views before the au
thorities at Washington. He talked so
convincingly that it was not many
hours before he was in consultatl m
with a certain wreokisg company,
whose offices, In one of the older build
ings on Wall street, are known to gov
ernments and magnates of steamship
lines and millionaires whose whim is to
the seas in Moating palaces.
In a coiner of one of these office
rooms sits a quiet American citizen.
From his desk go forth many invisible
lines leading to all parts of the coast
At the end of these lines are pe*
tugs and floats and giant cranes, and
a small army of men to work them.
One of these lines led to an unfortu
nate battle-ship whose bones still lie
in Havana harbor. And another line
is even now leading down to a stretch
of beach on the south coast of Cuba,
where six Spanish war vessels are
groveling ana grinding and beating as
if anxious to escape from the vengeance
of an outraged people. It is to save
two of these craft that the wrecker
has marshaled his forces at Construc
tor Hobson's invitation.
That the risk will be difficult is v well
a to those who understand the
waya of the weather during these hur
ricane months around Cuba, but Hob
son by his Intelligence and bravery has
earned the confidence of the Govern
ment and he is to be given a free hand
in the matter.
There is another reason why the Gov
wnment is anxious to float these ships
— ;one outlined in a remark made by a
high official in the Navy Department
during the discussion of the question.
"We must not fail to fly Old Glory over
at least one of the ships of Cerveras
former fleet, even if it means double
the cost of the vessel." he said. "The
dastardly attempt <,\u the part of theBattleships as Gold by Special Photographs
*„''*'* <*><*><*<* 'jt <* &J.■# ## # # From Photographs Taken Specially for the Sunday Call. >."? *- * *„**':*■'.<*.-<* > ,ji-ji> j» •jl J» >.
*" No Words Could So Eloquently Convey the £ffects of a Heavy storm of Modern Naval Projectiles as These Photographs of the Splendid Ship That Was Once Spain's and Now Is Ours by Bight of Conquest. All the Pictures on This Page Are Different A»
,'■ . .•; : "■ ; - . pects of tae Game Ship. • '
Bpanish crews to cheat us out ol tnem
by the sea valves after the
white. flag of surrender was flying shall
hot .succeed."
'. ■ To those who are familiar with the
•sea; and its ways, the task confronting
'the' -Wrecking company in the case of
the -Cristobal Colon and Maria Teresa
Is stupendous. The latter, lying <>n an
even keel In shallow water, presents
fewer' difh>ulti. ■>. but the crack ship
of Cervera's Bquadron, the 1 1 « -*- 1 Colon,
is aftuated about as badly as can be
imagined. She lies on her beam ends
on a. sloping purt of the Cuban coast,
some forty-eight miles from Santiago.
It will be necessary to right her and
then. --supported by pontoons, to tow
the : hull to Santiago.
■• Soundings already taken show that
her position is such that ;i sudden storm
from the south will have a tendency to
drive her farther up on the beach, a con
tingency that will render the work of
wrecking her almost if noi quite Im
possible. There are able men engaged
>n ilia task, however— men who have
confronted such problems befon
■ at' this present time of writing the odds
are .even that the Cristobal Colon will
.eaU'under the American flag j n due
.Bourse of time.
Th.- plan formulated by Naval Con
ptr-uetor Hobson, and heartily approved
by.- the wrecking company holding the
Jontract, calls for the use of pontoons
•f great lifting capacity and a number
it air bags. The latter ?re to be placed
•mpty withinthe hull and then inflat
»d. ' The air bag idea Is comparatively
new; but the use of pontooi z is an old
WRECK OF SPAIN'S CRACK BATTLESHIP, THE VIZCAYA.
story. The outfit now at work on the
Spanish warships Includes a number of
strongly built pontoons, several power
ful tugs and a large floating crane
The Orel fluty to be atl n in a
case like that of the Colon is to lighten
her ol everything movable. When this
is accomplished the- real labor I
The pontoons are towed along - : and
placed in positions equally divided on
each side of the wreck. Heavy chains
must now be passed under the hull, and
In do this it is r<-, cy S :iry t<> ]-,,, ,] fj rs t
with what Is technically known as :i
Bwee*p chain or "messenger." This is ,-i
small chain which is sawed through the
mud and debris a 1 the bottom to a
point under th" k< •.-!, where the main
lifting chains are passed from pontoon
to pontoon.
A number of chains of Increasing
thickness are then drawn under, until
the heavy chain which is to do the
work is in position. Chain aftei chain
follows, until there are a sufficient
number to answer the purpose. This
preliminary task is by no lmans <-;isy.
as tin- masses of debris whicM natur
ally accumulate under th hull retard
progress and often -call for the services
of several divers. The chains, when
finally in place, pass up through the
pontoon wells to the pontoon decks,
where there an- certain toggles ar
ranged for controlling them. These
chains are immense affairs, and the
utmost care is taken in their manu
facture. Cases have occurred where
defective links have been 'ht_- means of
undoing in one moment the work of
weeks.
In righting vessels on their beam
THE SAjST FUAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21 , 1898.
ends the process known as parbuckling
is generally used. The chains are
passed from the pontoons vertically
downward and completely under the
side of the hull which touches -the
shoal. .; Then they pass upward by the
keel, are led over the opposite side, and
are then attached to some object on the
wreck, such as the mast or superstruc
ture. When the tide is out the Flack on
the chains is taken in, and the ends. are
securely fastened to the pontoons. If
everything works well, if the chains
safely stand the strain, if the mast or
superstructure does not give way, then
the rise of the tide will cause ; the: hull
to be gradually lifted until she stands
on an even keel, : ]~
This much accomplished, prepara
tions are made to float the wreck, irithe
'case of the Colon, divers will be utilized
to »lace the empty air bags in. t&a Wwt*
decks. Each bag is supposed to be
capable of lifting thirteen tons. As the
Spaniard was a heavy ship, a great
number of these, in addition to the pon
toons, will be needed. The placing of
the bags is not a difficult task as a rule,
but due attention must be paid to the
tide on the Cuban coast and to the fact
that' the spot is entirely open to the
sea and the sweep of the southern
■ ■• .'■■ ■ - ' ■ - ■ ■
A better understanding of the work
necessary in raising the Colon can be
obtained from a description of the
wrecking of the Wells City, an English
steamer, of 2000 tons, which was sent to
the bottom of the North River by a
collision with the American steamer
Guyandotte. The same company now
working on the Spanish warships
raised the "Wells. City, and the same
system of / pontoons was used. The
three pairs of, pontoons* employed then
had a greater raising capacity than the
tonnage of r the steamer. This was
rendered necessary by '• the . fact : that
there was eight feet of water over her.
deck, and a considerable amount of de
bris and ; ' sediment which had accum
ulated by the action of the river's cur
rent. .. ,V- > • ■'■' ■•. . \ -: ■■.'." . .-, ' '■ ;•■;■■;
- i'owariul ■ chains -of three- inch thidfc- '
ness were used on the pontoons. When
the chains were in place the pontoons
were pumped full, then, as the latter
sank the slack of the chains was
hauled in and made fast. The moment
the pumping out began the lifting
power of the pontoons became appar
ent, and the buoyancy of the six pon
toons slowly but surely overcame the
wreck's weight.
In 1884 the wrecking company now
engaged on the Spanish vessels raised
the United States steamship Talla
poosa, sunk by a coal schooner in Long 1
Island Sound. Pontoons were used,
and in a remarkable short space of
time the old gunboat was lifted,
pumped free from sand and water and
sent under her own steam to the Breoifc-
2324
The Desborough
Connections
SHE KISSED THE COLD FOREHEAD WITHOUT A TRhMOR
Copyright, ISSS. by Bret Hart.
PAKT 11.
As she entered the iron gates at the lower end of the
park, and glanced at the interwoven cipher and crest of
the Amelyns still above, she was conscious that the wind
was blowing more chill, and that a few clouds had gath
ered. As she walked on down the long, winding avenue,
the sky became overcast — and in one of these strange con
trasts of the English climate, the glory of the whole day
•went out with the sunshine. The woods suddenly Became
wrinkled and gray, ihe distant hills somber, the very En
glish turf beneath her feet grew brown; a mile and a half
away, through the opening of the trees, the west part of
the Priory looked k crumbling, ivy-eaten ruin. A few
drops of rain fell. She hurried on. Suddenly she remem
bered that the avenue made a. long circuit before approach
ing the house, and that its lower end, where she was
•walking, was but a fringe of the park. Consequently there
must be a short cut across some fields and farm buildings
to the back of the park and the Priory. She at once di
verged to the right, presently found a low fence, which
she clambered over and again found a footpath which lea
to a Stile. Crossing that, she could .see the footpath now
led directly to the Priory— now a grim and austere looking
pile In the suddenly dejected landscape— and that it was
probably only used by the servants and farmers. A gust
of wind brought some swift needles of rain to her cheek;
■he could see the -sad hills bevnnd the Priory already veil-
Ing their faces; she gathered her skirts and ran. The next
field was a long one, but beside the further stile was a
small clump of trees, the only ones between her and the
park. Hurrying on to the shelter, she saw that the stile
was already occupied by a tall but bent figure, holding a
long stick in his hand, which gave him the appearance,
against the horizon, of the figure of Time leaning on hia
scythe. As she came nearer she saw it was, indeed, an
old man. half resting on his rake. He was very rugged
and weather beaten, and, although near the shelter of the
trees, aparently unmindful of the rain that was falling on
his bald head, and the limp cap he was holding useless
In one hand. He was staring at her, yet apparently un
conscious of her presence. A sudden instinct came upon
her— it was "Debs!"
She went directly up to him, and with that frank com
mon sense which ordinarily distinguished her. took his cap
from his hund and put it on his head, grasped his arm
firmly, and led him to the shelter of the trees. Then she
wiped the raindrops from his face with her handkerchief,
ehook out her own dress and wet parasol, and, propping
her companion against a tree, said:
"There, Mr. Debs! I've heard of people who dldn t
know enough to come in when it rained, but I never met
one before. '
The old man started, lifted his hairy, sinewy arm. bared
to the elbow, and wiped his bare throat with the dry side
of it. Then a look of Intelligence— albeit half aggressive—
came to his face. "Wheer beest tha going?" he said.
Something In his voice struck Sadie, like a vague echo.
Perhaps it was only the queer dialect — or some resem
blance to his granddaughter's voice. She looked at him a
little more closely, as sne said:
"To the Priori."
"Whaatr*
She pointed with her parasol to the gray pile in the
distance. It was possible that this demented peasant didn't
even understand English.
"The hall? Oh. ay!" Suddenly his brows knit omin
ously as ho faced her. "An' wassist tha doln' dresst oop
In this folnery? Wheer gettest thee that goawn? Thiss^n,
or thy maester? Nowt even a n'apron, fit for thy wark
as maid at serviss; an' parson a gettin 'tha place at hall!
So thou'lt be high and moity will tha? Thou'lt not walk
wi' maids, but traipse by this sen like a slut in the toon —
dang tha!"
Although it wAs plain to Sadie that the old man. in his
wandering perception, had mistaken her for his grand
daughter in service at the Priory, there was still enough
rudeness in his speech for her to have resented It. But,
strange to say. there was a kind of authority in It that
touched her with an uneasiness and repulsion that was
stronger than any other feeling. "I think you have mis
taken me for some one else." she said, hurriedly, yet won
dering why she had admitted it, and even irritated at the
admission; "I am a stranger here, a visitor at the Priory.
I called with Miss Amelyn at your cottage, and saw your
other granddaughter; that's how I knew your name."
The old man's face changed. A sad. senile smile of
hopeless bewilderment crept into his hnxd mouth; he
plucked his limi> cap from his head and let it hang sub
missively In his fingers, as If it were his sole apology.
Then he traid to straighten himself and said: "Naw of
fins. miss, naw offins! If tha knaws mea tha'll knaw I'm
grandfeyther to two galls as moight be tha owern age;
tha'll tell cc that old Debbs at haaty years 'as warked
and nivver lost a day as man or boy; has nlver coome
oopen 'em for ha-porth. An' 'ell keap out o' warkus till
he doy. An' 'c's put by enow to loy wi' his own feythera
in Lanksheer, an not llggln aloane In Parson's choorch
jard."
It was part of her uneasiness that, scarcely under
standing, nor. indeed, feeling any interest in these maun
dering details, she still seemed to have an odd compre
hension of his character and some reminiscent knowledge
of him. as if she were going through the repetition of some
unpleasant dream. Even his wrinkled face was becoming
familiar to her. Some weird attraction was holding her;
she \j-anted to get away from it as much as she wanted to
analyze it. She glanced ostentatiously at the sky, pre
pared to open her parasol, and began to edge cautiously
away.
"Then tha' beant from these pearts?" he said, sud
denly.
"Xo. no!" she said, quickly and emphatically— "no, I'm
an American."
The old man started and moved toward her, eagerly,
his kr-on eyes breaking through the film that at times ob
scured them. "Merrikan! tha baist Merrlkan? Then tha
knaws ma son John: 'c war nowt but a bairn when brether
Dick took un .to Merriky! Naw! Now! That war fifty
years sen!— nivver wroate to his old fey ther— nivver
roomed back. "E wor tall-loike, an" thea said 'c favored
mfa." He stopped, threw up his head, and with his skinny
iinK'TP drew back his long, straggling locks from his sunk
en cheeks, and stared in her face. The quick transition of
fascination, repulsion, shock and indefinable apprehension
made her laugh hysterically. To her terror he Joined in It,
TOM WINKED AT ME, HE DID.
and eagerly clasped her wrists: "Eh. lass: tha knaws
John-tha' coomes from un to old grandfeyther A\ ho-rr-u!
Bay! but tha tlio't to fool mea. did tha' !ass? \\ hoy. 1
knoawed tha voice, for a' tha foine peacock feathers So
tha be John's gell coom from Ameriky. Dear, a dear
Coom neaur lass! Let's see what tha s lolke. En— but
thou'lt kiss tha' grandfpyther sewerly?"
A wild terror and undefined consternation had com
pletely overpowered her! But she made a desperate effort
to free her wrists, and burst out madly:
"Let me go! How dare you! 1 don't know you or
yours! I'm nothing to you or your kin! My namo is Des
borough—do you understand — do you hear me, Mr. Debs?
— DesborouffH !"
"So thou'lt call thissen — Pes-borough!— wilt tha? Let
me tell tha, then, that 'Debs.' 'Debban.' 'Debbrook' and
'Desborouyh' are all the seame! Ay! Thy feyther and thy
feythefs feyther! Thou'lt be a Dcs-borough, will tha?
Dang tha! And look doon on tha kin. and dress thlssen
in silks o' shame! Tell "cc thou'rt an ass, gell! Don't tha
hear? An ass! for all tha bean John's bairn! An ass!
That's what tha beast!"
With flashing eyes and burning cheeks she made one
more supreme effort, lifting her arms, freeing her wrints,
and throwing the old man staggering from her. Then she
leaped the stile, turned and fled through me rain. P»it
before she reached the end of the field she stopped! Sne
had freed hereelf— she was stronger than he— what had
she to fear? He was crazy! Yes, he must be crazy, and
he had insulted her, but he was an old man — and God
knows what! Her heart was beating rapidly — her breath
was hurried — but she ran back to the stile.
He was not there. The field sloped away on either sid«
of it. But she could distinguish nothing in the pouring
rain above the windswept meadow. He must have gone
home. Relieved for a moment, she turned and hurried on
toward the Priory.
But at every step she was followed, not by the old
man's presence, but by what he had said to her. which she
could not shake oft as she had shaken ofT his detaining
fingers. Was it the ravings of insanity, or had she stum
bled unwittingly upon some awful secret— was It after all
a secret? Perhaps it was something they all knew, or
would know later. And she hnd come down here for this.
For, back of her indignation, back, even, of her disbelief in
his insanity, there was an awful sense of truth. The
names he had flung out of "Debs," "Debbans" and "Deb
brook" now flashed upon her as something she had seen
before, but had not understood. Until she satisfied herself
of this she felt she could not live nor breathe: She loathed
the Priory, with its austere exclusiveness as It rose before
her; she wished she had never entered it, but It contained
that which Ehe must know, and know at onoe. She en
tered the nearest door, and ran up the grand staircase.
A YARD OF CATS WITHOUT A CATERWAUL OR BOOTJACK.
YOU OONT THINK I TOOK YOUR CREAM?
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, STTKDAT, ATTGTTST 28, 1898.
By Bret Harte.
HEAVENLY TWINS
Her flushed face and disordered appearance were easily ac
counted for by her exposure to che sudden storm. She
went to her bedroom, sent her maid to another room to
prepare a change of dress, and sinking down before her
traveling desk, groped for a document An there v . a T,~
the expensive toy that she hart played with! She hastily
ran over its leaves to the page she already remembered.
And there, among the dashes and perpendicular lines she
had jestfd over last night, on which she had tnougnt was
a collateral branch of the line, stood her father s name
and that of Richard, his uncle, with the bracketed notes
ln red ink. "see Dobbrook. Daybrook, Debbers and Debs.
Yes, this gaunt, half-craay, over-worked peasant, content
to rake the dead leaves before the rolling chariots of the
Beverdales, was her grandfather; that poorly clad girl in
tTie cottage— and even the menial in the scullery or this
very house that might be hers— were her cousins! She
burst into a laugh, and then refolded the document and
SHE MADE ONE MORE SUPREME EFFORT.
put it away.
Yet under this surface sparkle and nervous exaltation
Sadie never lost consciousness of the gravity of the situa
tion. If her sense of humor enabled her to see one side of
its grim irony— if she experienced a wicked satisfaction in
accepting the admiration and easy confidence or the high
born guests, knowing that her cousin had assisted in pre
paring the dinner they were eating, sTie had never lost
sight of the practical effect of tht- discovery she had mad.-.
And she had come to a linal resolution. She should leave
the Priory at once and abandon all idea of a matrimonial
alliance with Its heir! Inconsistent as this might seem to
her selfish, worldly nature, it was nevertheless in keeping
with a certain pride and independence that was in her
blood. She did not love Lord Algernon, neither did she love
her grandfather; she was equally willing to sacrifice either
or both; she knew that neither Lord Algernon nor his
father would make her connections an objection, however
they might wish to keep the fact a secret— or otherwise
dispose of them by pensions or emigration, but she could
not b*ar to know it herself! She never could be happy as
the Mistress of Scrooby Priory with that knowledge; she
did not. idealize it as a principle! Carefully weighing it by
her own practical common st-nse, she said to herself that
"It wouldn't pay." The highest independence Is often
nkin to the lowest selfishness; she did not dream that the
same pride which kept her grandfather rrom the work
house and support by his daughters. h«d kept him from
communicating with his own son, and now kept her from
acknowledging them even, for the gift of a title and do
main. There was only one question before her: Should
she stay long enough to receive the proposal of Lord Al
gernon and then decline it? Why should she not snatch
that single feminine joy out of the ashes of her burnt-up
illusion? She knew that an opportunity would be offered
that afternoon. The party were to take tea at Broxby
Hall, and Lord Algernon was to drive her there in his
HIS FIRST TRiP TO TOWN.
dogcart. Miss Desborough had gone up to .her o b r cd .ro°m
to put on a warmer cloak, and nad . rung twice or thrice
impatiently for her maid. When the girt made her ap
peirance, apologetic, voluble, excited, Miss Desborough
scarcely listened to her excuses, until a single word sud
denly arrested her attention. It was olfl Debs.
"What are you talking about?" said Sadie, pausing In
the adjustment of her hat on her brown hair.
"Old Debs, miss; that's what they call him; an old
park keeper. Just found dead in a pool of wat .f r ln the
fields; the grandfather of one of the servants .here; and
there's such an excitement in the serviints hall. The
gentlemen all knew it. too, for I heard Lord Algernon sa>
that he was looking very queer lately and mlgnt have had
a fit; Lid Lord Beverdale > has sent word to tne Coroner
And only think, the people here are such fools that they
daren't touch or move the poor man. and him Ijln there
in the rain all the time, until the Coroner comes.
Miss Desborough had been teteadily regarding herself
in the glass to see if she had turned pale. She had. She
set her teeth together until the color part /returned. (> But
she kept her face away from the maid. That 11 do. she
said quietly. "You can tell me all later. I have some im
portant news myself, and P may not go out after all. I
want you to take a note for ma" She went to her table
wrote a line in pencil, folded it. scribbled an address upon
it, handed it to the girl and gently pushed her from the
room. „ .
The Consul waa lingering on the terrace beside one of
the carriages; at a little distance a groom was holding the
nervous thoroughbred of Lord Algernon's dogcart. Sud
denly he felt a touch on his shoulder, and Miss Desbor
ough's maid put a note in his hand. It contained only a
line:
Please come and see me in the library, but with
out making any fuss about it— at once. S. D.
The Consul glanced around him; no one had apparently
noticed the Incident. He slipped back into the house and
made his way to the library. It was a long gallery; at the
further end Miss Desborough stood cloaked, veiled and co
quettishly hatted. She was looking very beautiful and
animated. "I want you to please do me a great favor,'
she said, with an adorable smile, "as your own country
woman, you know, for the sake of Fourth of July, and
pumpkin pie, and the old flag! I don't want to go to this
circus to-day. I am going to leava here to-night! I am!
Honest Injin! I want you to manage it. I want you to
that as Conttul you've received important news for
me— the death of .some relative, if you llke--K>r. better,
something affecting my property, you know"— with a little
satirical laugh— "l guess that would fetch "em! So go at
once."
"But really. Miss Desborough, do let us talk this over
before you decide!" implored the bewildered Consul.
"Think "what a disappointment to your host and these
ladies. Lord Algernon expects to drive you there— he is
already waiting! The party was gotten up for you." Miss
Desborough made a slight grimace. "I menn you ought to
sacrifice something— but I trust there is really nothing se
rious — to them!"
"If you do not speak to them I will!" said Miss Des
borough, firmly. "If you say what I tell you it will come
the more plausibly from you. Come! My mind is made
up. One of us must break the news! Shall it be you or
I?" She drew her cloak over her shoulders and made a
step forward.
"Not a word more," said Miss Desborough. "except" —
she added, checking her smile with a weary gesture—"ex
cept that I want to leave this dreadful place at oncel
There! Don't ask me any more!"
There could be no doubt of the girl's sincerity, nor was
it the extravagant caprice of a petted idol. What had hap
pened? He might have believed in a lover's quarrel, but
he knew that she and Lord Algernon could have had no
private Interview that evening. He must, perforce, ac
cept her silence, yet he could not help saying:
"You seemed to like the place so much last night. I
say, you haven't seen the Priory ghost, have you?"
'The Priory ghost," she said quickly: "what's that?"
"The old monk who passes through the cloisters with
the sacred oil, the bell and the smell of incense, whenever
any one Is to die here. By Jove! It would have been a
good story to tell instead of this cock-and-bull one about
DIDNT I GET FIRST PRIZE AT THIS CAT SHOW?
your property. And there was a death here to-day. You d
hnvc added the Sybil's gifts to your other charms "
- "Tell me about that old man," she said, looking past
' Mm' out o? the window. "I was at his cottage this morn
ta? %t no! F ?st let us co out. You can take me for
a walk, if you like. You see lam all ready, and I m just-
Stifl Th^> b descended to the terrace together. "Where would
yoU "To%hevuTage Ymay want to telegraph, you know."
They turned into the avenue, but Miss Desborough
° ? - P Is there not a, shorter cut across the fields?" she
asked; "over there?" \
Smooth" tifr^tnS'p 1 - **g^*!SgJ*»£*
farm and stile. After a pause, she said. Did you ever
talk with that poor old man.'
"Then you I n't know if he really was crazy as they
thi "' 1 No- hut *> v ay have thought an old man's forget
is™; y^wWas w^ffi^r
pencK fallow :th a grim purpose that was certainly ra
tto1 ' ?I? I "suppose in his independence he wouldn't have taken
favors from these people— anybody.
"lon^ou'thinkit-'was just horrid-thelr leaving him
alone in the rain, when he might have been only in a fit?, ,
"Th<» doctor says he died suddenly of heart aisease,
said the Consul "it might have happened at any moment
and ..?h th tSt W wa?t&"coroner-. verdict, tnen » said Miss
DeS^h O e V 6oro qq n UU cie ii r Ck <lrd not think it necessary to have any
inquest after Lord Beverdale's statement. It wouldnt
have been very joyous for the Priory party And I da
say he thought it might not be very cheerful, for you..
"How very kind," said the young girl with a quirk
laugh? "But do know thrift's about the. only thing
human, original and striking that has happened in this
place since I've been here! And so unexpected consider
ing how comfortable everything is ordered here before
ha"d you seemed to like that. kind of thing very well
last evening," said the Consul. mischievously. H i. ftnd
"That was last night," retorted Miss Desbowugh and
you know the line, 'Colors seen by candle-light do [ not look
the same by day.' But I'm going to be very consistent to
day, for I intend to go over to that poor ) mans cottage
again, and see if I can be of any service. Will you go with
mC "Certainly ." said the Consul, mystified by his compan
•'Certain!v." said the Consul, mystified by his compan
ion's extraordinary conduct, yet apparent coolness of pur
pose, and hoping for some further explanation. Was sh£
only an inexperienced flirt, who had found herself on the
point of a serious entanglement she had not contemplateaT
Yet even then he knew she was clever enough to extricate,
herself in some other way than by this abrupt and brutal
tearing through the meshes. Or was It po*«tble she really
had any Intelligence affecting her property? He reflected
that he knew very little of the Desboroughs, but. on the
other hand, he knew that Beverdale knew them much
better and was a prudent man. He had no right to de
mand her confidence as a reward for his secrecy-he must
wait her pleasure. Perhaps she would still explain; women
Seldom could resist the triumph of telling the secret that
PU "v e h d en t they' reached the village she halted before the
low roof of Debs' cottage. "I had better gro In first, she
said- "you can come in later, and in the meantime you
might goto the station and find out the exact time that
the express train leaves for the north. though you were
"But." said the astonished Consul, "I though you were
*°" 0 " I sa?d 0 Miss Desborough. quietly. "I am going to
Join some friends at Harrogate." . /.
"But that train goes much earlier than the train south,
and— afraid Lord Beverdale will not have returned so
SO °"How sad!" said Miss Desborough, with a faint smile,
"but we must bear up under it, and— write him. I will
be here until you return." *,!. *
She turned away and entered the cottage. The grand
daughter she had already seen and her sister, the servant
at the Priory, were both chatting comfortably, but ceased
as she entered, and both rose with awKward respect.
There was little to suggest that the body of their grand
father, already in a rough oak shell, was lying upon tres
tles beside them. '
"You have carried out my orders, I see, said Miss
Desborough. laying down her parasol. :
"Aye, miss, but It was main harrd gettin it dooan so
soon, and et cooast — "
"Never mind the cost. I've given you money enough, I
think— and if I haven't I guess I can give you more."
"Aye, miss. Abbut the pason 'cad gi' un a funeral for
nowt. r«--'r «--' -- ■'-'••
"But I understood you to say, said Miss Desborough,
with an impatient flash of eye, "that your grandfather
wished to be burled with his kindred in the north?"
"Aye, miss," said the girl, apologetically, "an' naw .
'ees savit th' munny. Abbut ed bean tickled 'ad 'c knowed j
it. Dear! Dear! 'K. nivver thowt et 'ud be gi'en by stran
ger an' not 'c's ownt fammaly."
"For all that you needn't tell anybody It was given by
me," said Miss Desborough. , "And you'll be sure to bo
ready to take the train this afternoon— without delay."
There was a certain peremptoriness in her voice very un
like Miss Amelyn's, yet apparently raucn more effective
with the granddaughter. -; r \
"Aye, miss. Then, if tha'll excoose mea, I'll go streight
to 'oory oop sexton."
She' bustled away. "Now," said Miss Desborough,
turning to the other girl, "I shall take the same train, and
will probably see you on the platform at York to give my
final directions. That's all. Go and see if the gentleman
who came with me has returned from the station."
In spite of the bright and characteristic letter which
Miss Desborough left for her host — letter which mingled
her peculiar shrewd sense with her humorous extrava
gance of expression — Consul spent a somewhat uneasy
evening under the fire of questions that assailed him in
reference to the fair deserter. But he kept loyal faith with
her— adhering even to the letter of her instructions and dnly
once was goaded into more active mendacity. The conver
sation had turned upon "Debs," and the Consul nad re
marked upon the similarity of the name. A guest from
the North observed, however, that the name wan undoubt
edly a contraction. "Possibly it might have been 'Deb
borough,' or even the same name as our fair friend." "'
"But didn't Miss Desborough tell you last night that
she had been hunting up her people with a family tree, or
something like that?" said Lord Algernon, eagerly. "I
lust caught a word here and there, "for you were both
laughing." -vi
The Consul smiled blandly. "You may well say so— for
it was all the most delightful piece of pure invention and
utter extravagance. It would have amused her still more
if she had thought you were listening and took It seri
ously!" - v<
. "Of course — I see!" said the young fellow with a laugh
and a slight rise of color. "I knew she was taking some
kind of a rise out of you— and that remark reminded me
of it."
Nevertheless, within a year. Lord Algernon was happi
ly married to the daughter of a South African millionaire,
whose bridal offerings alone touched the sum of half a
million. It was also said that the mother was "impossi
ble." and the father "unspeakable," and the relations "in
extinguishable." but the wedding was an "occasion." and
in the succeeding year of festivity it is presumed that the
names of "Debs" and "Desborough" were alike forgotten.
But they existed still in a little hamlet near the edge of
a bleak northern moor, where they were singularly exalt
ed on a soaring shaft of pure marble above the submerged
'and moss-grown tombstones of a simple country church
yard. So great was the contrast between the modern and
pretentious monument and the graves of the humbler fore
fathers of the village that even the Americans who
chanced to. visit were shocked at what they believed was
the ostentatious and vulgar pride of one of their own
countrywomen. For on its pedestal was inscribed:
Sacred to the Memory
of
JOHN DEBS DESBOROUGH
Formerly of this Parish
Who departed this life October 20th
1592,
At Scroohy Priory,
At the Age of Eighty-two Tears.
This monument was erected as a loving
testimony by His Grand
daughter,
Sadie Desborough, of New York,
U. S. A.
"And Evening Brings Us Home."
AIN'T I BEAUTIFUL?
(THE END.)
•THERE ARE OTHERS.ACROSS THE CONTINENT
>VffAY in wnich thc-dlandy ]A«JC;
-~ 2M Are Driving around America^'
All the way from Minnesota to California in a tiny wagon drawn by dogs. It seems an impossible
feat to accomplish. But it has been done by Mr. and Mrs. Blandy and their baby boy, who are now so
journing in the vicinity of Sweetbriar Camp, preparatory to making a tour of the State. The Blandys made
the trip for the purpose of seeing the country, and after mature consideration concluded that dogs were
better adapted to the work than horses. The success of the journey has proved that they were rightjj'n
their judgment. On the way across the little party met with many adventures. They were attacked by
wild beasts and surrounded by wandering herds of cattle. They started nearly a year ago from Brain
erd, Minn.
TIIH only way I like apple sauce! i
is with breakfast bacon," said
Mrs. Blandy, as she sat on the
ground one evening, paring |
n apples and slicing them .
into an old milk pail. "And of course ;
we'll have this to-morrow morning. I
never prepare any farther ahead than!'
that. We can't carry things, you know. \'■
We Just get what we can of game in f
the woods or provisions at the little ,
towm we go through, and we haven't i ,
gone hungry yet. One time, though,
in the Bad Lands of Dakota, we j i
couldn't get water for a day and ft
half."
■;■ And so our hostess chatted on, per
■jfectty at ease, and the whole Blandy
family seemed possessed with a. spirit
of hospitality; and they made a pic
turesque siszht in their camp near the
bridge at Sweetbriar, Cal. Supper was
"over, and the pans and spoons care- i
•fully washed, hung upon their respec
tive hooks in the cuphoard, which was
no more or less than a series of shelves
.in the rear of the wagon, arrai
with a lid or door that let down as the
back of an express wagon does, being
supported by a stick when it reached
a horizoiu.il position, thus forming a
table. This table red and a
.few scattering utensils, not yet put
away, lay on the ground near Mrs.
Blandy and her given apples. "Baby"
Blandy, a boy of five years, also sat
near the apples and made many a
fruitless attempt to steal one when his
-mother's interest in conversation led
her attention away from the task she
was performing.
Across the path a camp fire was laz
ily burning In a clump of trees, and the
■dogs' supper of meat, cornmeal and
shorts was simmering in a cauldron
over the Blowly blazing sticks. At safe
intervals : ..ere chained, only
one who is privileged because under the
weather, being allowed to roam at
pleasure. Mr. Blandy had a tin can
and paint brush in hand, and was '"go
ing the rounds" among his dogs paint-
Ing their feet with tannate of glycerine
to prevent sensitiveness. "I learned
this at college." Mr. Blandy will tell
you, "when I engaged in athletic sports
and my feet became sensitive." WTien
traveling over rough roads he makes
/
THE BL4NDY FAMILY IN THEIR NOVEL RIG COMING DOWN
THE SHASTfI GRADE INTO CALIFORNIA.
applications of tb s preparation every
evening to insure his animals against
suffering, and the faithful creatures
seem to like the operation, for they look
at their master with gratitude and af
fection.
. Beautiful, strong dogs! They deserve
•all the praises that their master and
mistress lavish upon them. "They're
way ahead of any horses," Mrs. Blandy
said emphatically, wht-n some one sug
gested that Shetland ponies would be
preferable. "Why, dogs will carry you
-. through the Bnow to a safe, warm place
• and horses would give out on you. And'
.didn't we travel 210 miles on the rail
road? Hones couldn't walk ties and
carry you over long trestles a mile and
three-quarters in length, as our dogs
did! I wouldn't take fifty horses
for- one of our dogs." Would
I, Bruce?" and phi' patted a
great shaggy, yellow dog on the head.
And, Indeed, they are regular Klon
dikers, these cross-bred Newfoundland
and St. Bernard dogs, and th".v would
have taken a trip to the ioy north if
the Blandys had not changed their
minds and decided to remain in Cali
fornia for a time.
• .'Neither the little wagon six feet long
and two feet wide in the wagon bed,
nor- the well-kept dogs, which could
. not be bought at any price from their
■owners, nor the " cheerful faces and
manners of the Blandy family give
evidence of the long, tedious travel
they have had. It is now nearly a year
since they left their home in Brainerd,
Minn., with this unusual rig and $25
In pocket, to attempt an undertaking
BY DOG TEAM
that people declared was impossible.
No wagers were made, no time limits
were given. Mr. and Mrs. Blandy
simply started out to do what they
were confident they could accomplish;
namely, to be drawn across the conti
nent l>y dogs for the purpose of seeing
the country, earning their living as
they progressed. Ami so they pushed
along, following the Northern Pacific
Railroad, and, not being pressed for
time, they traveled at a speed that was
convenient to the character of the
country they crossed — never traveling
less than ten miles a day, reaching a
dally maximum of fifty-two miles (at
em- time covering eighty-six miles in
two days) and stopping in towns to
Bell pictures or pick up a few dollars
by painting advertisements on the can
vas of their wagon.
Perhaps the most exciting event that
occurred was the encounter with wild
cattle near Medora, North Dakota.
These untamed creatures of the Bad
Lands attack a man or a dog with
ferocity and the Blandys and
dogs would have "never lived to tell
the tale" if it had not happened that,
at the time, they were leading a pony
which they had bought for f>o cents at
Steele, Dakota. He bit at the cattle,
wh<> have great fear of ponies, and for
fifteen miles— the nearest ranch— kept
them from* attacking the train. At
Livingston, Mont., the pony was sold
at a gain of ?S 50.
At another time while camping in
the Cascades of Oregon a California
lion hovered about all night. He came
so close to the camp that th. Blandys
could hear the tread of his feet on the
ground. But the furious barking of
the dogs and the three shots Mr.
Blandy fired into the air frightened the
beast away, so that no harm save the
loss of sleep resulted.
The journey across the continent has
been almost entirely devoid of acci
dents. The wagon looks too frail to
Stand the travel, but it is stout and
strong, having a steel axle and wheel
that are capable of carrying a ton.
The weight of the wagon itself is only
210 pounds. It contains one seat, which
is occupied by Mrs. Blandy and her
I son, who are both slim or they would
I not fit into the space two feet wide.
In front of this seat is the roll of
; blankets and tent upon which Mr.
Blandy sits to drive his six dogs. Un
der the seat a telescope basket of
clothes is carried and odd articles of
all kinds are tucked into odd corners
and crevices.
The Blandys always leave towns
amid a roar of cheers and laughter.
When they are about to start, Mr.
Blandy walks among his dogs, and,
stooping down, adjusts all their feet so
as to prevent the entanglement of limbs
in harness, quickly steps into the low
wagon, seats himself on the bedding
j and tent, and, with lines in hand, he
I calls to the dogs, and they are off.
There is nothing slow about these
dogs— they trot off at a good gait, rais
ing a big dust, and never walking ex
cept when climbing hills. When asked
if he ever walks, Mr. Blandy replied,
"It would take a professional runner
to keep up with my dogs,"— but per
haps he finds the speed up hill some
times convenient for his own walking
and his dog's pulling. At any rate, all
the wonder-stricken villagers give the
Blandys a screaming send-off when
they are favored with a visit. You may
hear some one in the crowd remark
that "Blandy ought to be arrested for
cruelty to animals," but a look at the
well-fed and well-groomed dogs belies
these words.
An outdoor life seems to agree with
the Blandy family. Until the night
spent near Dunsmuir, when the little
boy complained, they had had no 111-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1898.
ness at all. They always sleep under
the stars, unless compelled by the
weather to raise a tent. Mrs. Blandy
thinks that she would suffocate if she
had to sleep in a house agrain. She is
a young woman, the picture of health
and contentment, badly sunburned,
but with handsome blue eyes, an intel
ligent and interesting face, and strong
personal magnetism.
They seem brimming over with their
travels, anxious to relate their experi
ences, and proud of the success they
have met thus far. In cities they earn
as much as $5 a day, and while in some
of the Northern towns their income
was $160 a month from advertising
alone.
They made the distance from Man
hatta on the eastern side of the Rock
ies, to Butte on the western side — 86
miles — in two days. The road here is
Bteep but exceptionally broad and well
bu!U. Three stages cross in twenty
four hours and people think nothing of
going from one town to the other in a
single day. The Rockies in this sec
tion of country are not at all as people
think they are.
The plans of Mr. and Mrs. Blandy are
very extravagant. They expect to
spend a year or two in California, re
turn to the East by a new route, travel
through Massachusetts, Ohio and other
States, where their relatives live, and
in th<> ilim. dim future they look for a
voyage across the ocean, and a journey
through Europe with the dog team.
■■■ » »
WfiTER IN THE PHILIPPINES.
To look at the map one would sup
pose every Philippine Islander would
have rather more water than he need
ed. It seems that this is not so. In
the Youth's Companion, Charles B.
Howard, a former resident of Manila,
says, speaking of • domestic cares:
"The most arduous duty of the servants
(each servant gets $4 a month) was to
provide the house with water, which
was brought every morning in a hogs-
head fastened to a handcart, from the
public fountain nearly a mile away. It
had to be carried laboriously upstairs
in buckets and emptied into an enor
mous porcelain tank, shaped like half
an egg-shell, which stood In a back
room, and contained the household's
daily supply for washing, cooking and
drinking— that used as drinking water
being carefully boiled and filtered.
When I first went to Manila I had no
idea how precious water was, and on
the morning after my arrival I rose
quite early for a bath. Now the usual
way of taking a bath in a Manila
house is to dip the water from the
tank with a big cocoanut-shell, and
pour it over one's body, but nobody
had told me that, and being delighted
with the appearance of the great tank
filled with clear, sparkling water, I
soused into it, and was having a
splendid time, when one of the ser
vants, named Felipe, hearing suspi
cious noises, came to Investigate. At
the sight of me he threw up his hands
in horror and dismay, and chattered at
me in Spanish, of which I did not then
understand a word. Finding his pro
tests of no avail, he rushed away after
an interpreter, and soon returned with
one of my messmates, who was very
sleepy and much bewildered— Felipe's
disjointed exclamations having made
him fear that something dreadful had
happened. He gasped when he saw
me, and then explained the situation.
STRANGE FOLK CURE
IN KANSAS.
SOME of these cures, which were
collected in CoTfey County, were
obtained from colored people. The
majority of the superstitions, how
ever, which were collected in Doug
las County, were obtained from people
who declared they knew no supersti
tions and believed none, namely, stu
dents in attendance at the University
of Kansas. These students came from
nearly every county in the State, writes
Gertude C. Davenport to the Journal of
American Folk Lore.
Warts can be transferred from one to
another by the following methods,
among others:
Put into a red calico bag hearts"
from grains of corn; "run down the
road"; throw away the bag, not look
ing where it falls; run home again, and
if any one picks up the bag your warts
will go away.
Rub the warts with seven pebbles;
wrap the pebbles in a paper and throw
them away; if the parcel is picked up
the warts will go away.
If you see any one asleep in church
say to yourself, "When you awake take
these warts."
If you have a wart and see a man
riding on horseback in the rain, or, as
another version runs, riding on a gray
horse, say, "Take these along," rub the
wart and it will leave you.
At Delphos, Kans., lives a young man
who gallantly procured his sweetheart's
warts by purchase.
Steal a dishcloth, rub the wart with
it and then bury the cloth mider the
eaves of the house. If you tell no one
and no one finds out your theft your
wart will go away.
Write on the stove with a piece of
chalk the number of your warts. When
the number has burned off the stove
your warts will be gone.
In order to cure the toothache cut
your finger nails on Friday. Another
sure cure is to wash behind your ears
every morning.
The skin of an eel, if worn about the
leg, will cure rheumatism.
Carry a potato In one's pocket to cure
rheumatism.
The skin of a black cat worn in one's
clothing will cure rheumatism.
The negro sometimes sleeps with a
yojung dog in order to transmit rheu
matism to the dog.
Headache may be prevented by wear
ing in one's hat the rattles of a snake.
The skin of a snake worn around
one's hat crown will cure the head
ache.
WHY THE QUEEN
CANNOT ABDICATE
There are not only pecuniary and
constitutional difficulties in the way of
abdication. The Queen, however, is
not only Queen of Great Britain and
Ireland, she is also Empress of India,
reigning over more Moslems than the
Grand Turk, and more Africans and
Asiatics than any other civilized mon
arch. Abdication would be misunder
stood by some and resented by all of
them: Death they know; a living ruler
they understand. What is abdication
to the border tribes of the Hindoo-
Koosh, to the lake-dwelle: : of Nyassa
land, Uganda, or the fierce tribesmen
of the Soudan? From an imperial stand
point a scepter dropped from the hand
of the Great White Queen can be
borne aloft in her lifetime by no suc
cessor. In many parts of the world the
British raj is personified in the little
lady who, sixty years ago, said to those
who told her that she was a Queen,
"I will be good." In some partß of India
she is actually worshiped as a goddess.
In her lifetime the native races of the
empire will either look to their Queen
as the ruler or they will assume that
something has happened that saps and
neutralizes British power. These
imperial considerations as to the
effect on Asiatics and Africans were
also in the minds of the Min
isters when they unanimously re
fused to advise the Queen to rest
from the crushing burden of the crown.
— From "If the Queen Had Abdicated,"
in Harpers' Magazine.
■ ♦ »
THE MAN WHO COOKS THE GRUB
We have read In song and story
Of "the man behind the gun,"
He 1b given all the glory
Of the battles that are won;
They are tilling up the papers
With his apotheosis,
And they tell about his capers
While the shells above him hiss,
But behind the grimy gunner.
Steadfast through the wild hubbub,
Stands a greater god of battles —
'Tis the man who cooks the grub.
When the sky is rent with thunder
And the shell screams through the air.
When some fort is rent asunder
And Destruction revels there.
When the men in line go rushing
On to glory or to woe
With the maddened charges crushing
Heroes who are lying low.
There Is one but for whose labors
There could be no wild hubbub,
And the greatest god of battles
Is the man who cooks the grub.
What of ships with armor plating 1 .
What of castles on the heights?
What of anxious captains waiting
While the careful gunner sights?
What of all the long-range rifles?
What of men with valiant hearts?
These were but impotent trifles.
But Inconsequential parts
Of the whole, without the fellow I
Who must scour, scrape and scrub—
For the greatest god of battles
la the. man who cooks the grub.
—From the Cleveland Leader.
WARNS AMERICAN HEIRESSES
AGAINST THE EUROPEAN NOBILITY
In Order to Prove the Truth of What She Says the
Countess Louveau de Chavanne Teffs of Her
Own Sad Experiences in France.
THE American girl in Paris," says
the Countess Louveau de Cha
vanne with gentle authority,
"who is anxious to 'get on in the
world' and is not over scrupu
lous concerning methods is, fig
uratively speaking, a modern Little
Red Riding Hood in an immense forest
full of wolves. She becomes the inno
cent, unsuspecting, defenseless prey of
a ravenous pack of hungry creatures
from the moment she steps upon a Pa
risian pavement."
So says the golden-haired daughter
of Captain Henry John Benson, for
merly of the United States revenue ser
vice, niece of the Most Reverend Ed-
ward "White Benson, late Archbishop
of Canterbury, and widow of Count
Louveau de Chavanne, who departed
this life some six years since, after re
ducing to zero the comfortable fortune
which she brought him at marriage.
The Countess is a widow now and is
paying a visit to San Francisco.
A native of Brooklyn, New York,
Ouirda Benson went to Paris when a
child under the care of Mrs. Torrence,
Commodore Vanderbilt's daughter. She
was educated in one of the most ex
clusive schools of that city. Soon after
her graduation she was married into
the French nobility. Her experiences
as the wife of this French nobleman
with a talent for squandering money
were such as to inspire her to write a
book which is designed to be a warning
to her American sisters.
The spirit of practical philanthropy
which earned for her in France the
decoration of the Fraternal Society of
Retired "Veterans of the Legion of
Honor, bestowed upon her by President
Henrlot Berthier, Mayor of Neuilly, an
imates the American Countess still, and
nearly every day has found her in at
tendance at the hospital tents of Camp
Merritt, where the sick soldiers have
learned to look eagerly for her coming.
The visit of la Comtesse to the coast
is intended as a vacation from her lit
erary work, and it is consequently a
trifle difficult to induce her to "talk
shop." Once persuaded, however, she
gives the fortunate listener panoramic
glimpses of certain phases of Conti
nental life which are particularly in
teresting because of the fact that she
speaks not of what she thinks and sur
mises, but of what she knows.
"When 'new' Americans arrive in
Paris," says the Countess, "their
names, places of residence on this side
and their Parisian address are at once
published in the American Register, a
newspaper which has a very large local
circulation, for reasons which you can
readily see. These names and partic
ulars are easily obtained at the bank
ing houses, where new comers general
ly report themselves at once, and are
invaluable to the class of people who
make a specialty of being attentive, for
a consideration, to wealthy and social
ly, ambitious strangers.
"Interpreters and guides flock to the
recent arrivals, proffer their services
and if engaged manage to learn every
thing possible concerning their em
ployer's circumstances, home standing
and society aspirations.
"This information has a distinct
money value and is made the most of,
but some of the titled society mongers
disdain such sources of knowledge and
prefer to form their opinions and plan
their campaigns from personal observa
tion and the prudent inquiries of their
own servitors. These ladies and gen
tlemen frequent such places as the
beautiful court and approaches to the
Grand Hotel, a recognized fashionable
rendezvous, and make acquaintance
with the right kind of people for their
purpose with consummate art and skill.
"Being careful to observe the out
ward form of the most punctilious and
ceremonious courtesy, the Parisian, af
ter some delicate preliminary skirmish
ing, calls upon the Americans, who are
generally only too delighted to be
taken up' so quickly and kindly by
persons of genuine rank and social
prestige. A pleasant intimacy Is at
once established and the obliging new
acquaintance takes his or her American
friends about, secures them presenta
tions and invitations, and is extremely
useful in a very delightful way. But
all this does not. as it seems to. spring
from mere enjoyment of the charm of
American companionship.
"When Madame la Marquise intro
djuces her new American intimates to
her own modiste, or her especial trades
people,' she receives a substantial com
mission from her tradesmen for this
little act of kindness. When she deli
cately hints that for some special oc
casion toilettes of particular elegance
are necessary, the purchasing of those
toilettes adds a goodly sum to her store
of ready money.
"While the tradespeople of France
are, as a rule, fair and honest in their
dealings with their customers who
come to them direct, the pernicious sys
tem of commissions insisted upon by
many of their fashionable patrons
when recommending others to purchase
of them results in overcharges. These,
however, are smilingly paid, since the
patronage of so distinguished a person
as the introducer guarantees to the in
troducee that the establishment is the
'proper thing' in its line.
LA COMTESSE LOVEAU DE CriAVANNE.
The Countess is now visiting: relatives in California. She comes of a
wealthy and well known. American family. While very young and an heir
ess S he was married to a member of the French nobility. He squandered
her fortune before his death, and now the Countess is writing a book
warning young American heiresses against foreign marriages. She has a
great deal to say about the way in which rich American women visiting
Europe are preyed upon by vigilant sharers.
"Opera boxes are rented In Paris by
the year, and if well manaered can be
made quite paying investments. For
instance, the Marquise Ac St. Paul, aa
aristocrat to her finger tips, does not
feel like going to the opera every night;
every night Is not fashionable, so some
disinterested third person suggests to
the American acquaintance that it
would give her and hers a very de
sirable social stamp to be seen in the
box of the Marquise.
"The matter of money is easily ar
ranged; it would be a graceful ac
knowledgment of the Marquise's
courtesy in allowing them the use of
her box to contribute a certain sum to
that lady's charitable fund, and the
contribution is made most willingly.
The Marquise, however, being a firm
1 believer In the adage that 'charity be
gins at home,' profits personally and
satisfactorily by the transaction.
"Where there is a daughter ambitious
to own a title, a wider field of opera
tions is entered upon. There are crowds
of impoverished scions of noble families
who are only too willing to barter po
sition for wealth, and one of these be
ing selected as eligible he is obliged to
sign a regular contract specifying ex
actly how much of his prospective
wife's fortune he will pay to the aristo
cratic match-maker In the event of his
marriage to her 'dear young American
friend.' Sometimes, where there is a
dowry, the amount is paid down, and
agaiii it is paid so much by the month,
so that there are many American girls
who, quite unconsciously, have literally
paid for their husbands 'on the install
ment plan.'
"So legitimate is this business con
sidered that when I left France for
America certain persons coolly hinted
to me that I might enjoy a good income
would I but keep them informed au
thentically concerning the eligible heir
esses over here, their fortunes, personal
characteristics and whereabouts. They
themselves undertook to manage the
European end of the busineris, and
guaranteed that financial success would
be positively assured to such a high
class matrimonial agency.
"It is needless to say that I declined
the offer. I have seen too much misery
come from such marriages to endeavor
in any way to increase them.
2526
Last OF The Summer Outing
SEVERAL pretty weddings occu- I
pled the attention of society dur- ,
ing the week. On Monday at I
noon the lirst church ceremony
of the season was celebrated at
St. Luke's, the contracting parties being !
Miss Frances Hammond, daughter o-f
the late Baron Hammond, and Charles
jl. Cross oX. f Manchester, England.
Rev. WUUwm H. Moreland, pastor of i
St. Luke's;, pronounced the happy couple
man and wiresi The bride was intended j
by Miss Emily Hammond, who officiated
as maid of honor. )i. W. Hammond was
best man.
Tuesday at noon in the Maple Hall, ;
I Hotel, Miss Bernice llirschman ;
was married to Richard Abbenheim.
The bride is the daughter of Adolph
Hlr.scb.man, the well-known gold and sil
ver smith, and the groom the representa
tive of the silk firm of Bruhl Bros, of
Yokohama.
Rev. Dr. Voorsanger officiated at the
ceremony, -which was performed in the
presence of a large company of invited
guests..
The bride was attended by Miss Irm;i
Rothschild and Klla Newell, who act
ed as bridesmaids, and the Misses Flor
ence and Edith Guggenheim, who acted
as flower girls.
Marlon Hirschman, Edward Abbenheim,
Howard Van Bergen and Samuel Hirsch
man were the ushers, and Julius Men
delson was best man.
The bride wore a oeautiful gown of
white embroidered mulle.
Air. and Mrs. Abbenheim have left for
a short southern trip, and will return
here for a short stay before proceeding
to their future borne in Japan.
Miss Ella Lefchter and T. E. Schueking
were married on Wednesday evening at
the residence of tho brifle*s parents, 2010
Vallejo street Rev. Mr. <»• -rke tit the
German Lutheran church officiated at the
mony. The bride Is the daughter pf
C. P. !.. Leichl I the groom a nephew
•iie uf the heirs of the late Adolph
Sutro. It wus owing: to the death of the
groom's ancle that 'l ny was so
quiet, only relatives and immediate
friends being present. The bride was at
• i by Olga Leichter, who officiated
as maid of honor, and .Miss Otille Schiu.-k
ing- and Miss Louise Bundschu, who
acted as bridesmaids. Bernard O. Schuek
ing was best man. and Mr. Delameter and
Dr. Walter W. AVinterberg ushers. Rola
Hess and Lelchter Say ted the bridal
procession, strewing flowers along the
bridal path.
Jhey're Engaged.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Bien announce the
engagement of their daughter, Lillian, to
S. Blfiff of Hei-mosillo. Mcx: They will
be pleased to fee their friends Sunday.
August 2X. and Wednesday, August 31, at
their residence, 1913-Vi> Devisadero street.
Wedding Belis.
Last Thursday morning Hugh O'llare
was; united )n marriage to Miss Kate L.
O'Brien. The ceremony was! celebrated
at St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Nesjs ave
nue, by Rev. Fatiu-r Dempsey. Tl ■
man was James P. O'Brien, and Miss
Bfarie Mahon acted a? bridesmaid. After
the service the wedding party repaired
to 753 Howard street; where an excellent
breakfast was partaken of and an enjoy
able hour spent. The couple took an aft
ernoon train. for their bridal tour through
the southern part of the State. On their
return the couple will take ui> their regi
on Gulden Oute avenue.
The marriage of Miss Sarah X. Sim
"mona and Alfred T. Joel took place at the
residence of the bride's' sister, Mrs. W.
B. Innes, 1319 Mason street, on Tuesday
evening, the 16th last. Owing to the iv
cent death of the groom's mother the af
fair was a quiet one, only the relatives
and a few intimate friends being present.
The bride is 'the daughter of S. J. Sim
mons, a Will known' • Californian, who
came here in early days. The ceremony
was performed by Rev. Mr. Wilson of St.
Peter's Episcopal ■ Church; The brides
maid was Miss Emma Stout, and Charles
H Jenkins Jr. officiated as best man. The
parlor wa3 beautifully decorated with
Mistress (about to engage a new house maid)— Have you had any experience.
Applicant— Oh, yes, mum. I've been In 'undreds of sltlwalions!— Phil May in
Punch*
M
ferns and rosop. and in the center hung
a lari;e wedding bell.
Jhe . Qevjssrs.
Arrivals at The Geyera for the past
week are: A. G. Faust. H. A. Demlng,
Misss Helen IVmfni;, A. Hronada and
wife. MisH Bertha Wadham, Mr. and Mrs.
H. !i. ( 'hiii'/iiiT. Luman W. Chandler,
Germain Pom-nan. Mrs. C. M. Berger, G.
VV. Berger, V. Schmitter, W. K. S. Foye,
Mrs. J. Hyland, Vincent McDevitt, F. A.
McDevltt. Dafiiel Greninger. Minnie". B. '■
Perry, Charles A. Vogelsang, William :
Murray and wife. San Francisco; Jean J.
Bounemort, Mrs. J. W. McClure, J. W.
McClure, Dick McClure, Donald McClure,
Oakland; C. 11. Weed, Berkeley; Mrs.
Colonel J. 13..I 3 .. Armstrong, Mrs. L. Bird, i
Calistoga; C. Benhani. Napa; 11. O. Pix
ley Corte Madera. Cal.; J. Van Doon, j
nta, Cal.; J. Spiers. Middletown; C. j
Fraulet Leppo, Santa Rosa; L. B. Lich- |
ema, D. Cohen, Chicago.
Bartlett Springs.
The following are registered at Bartlett ,
Springs:
J. Ilerr. Mrs. E. L. Blanchard and ,
daughter, Miss Reymme. George H. Cava- j
naugh. Mrs. E. Dow. T. Webster. Mrs. |
E. M. O'Brien. J. C. Donnelly, Mrs. H.
Brewster, J. Caley, Mrs. Ashbury. J. We- j
del. Frank P. Sherman, M. Kavanaugh, j
Charles S. Wieland, J. J. Desmond, John j
LILLIAN BURKHART.
WHAT surprises me most is
the open way in which vice
is flaunted on some of the
city's principal streets.
With an escort I began the
tour of all the so-called con
cert halls. Some of them are within
the -borders of respectability, first-class
music is furnished and several of them,
in addition to their orchestra, give
quite a fair vaudeville <'how. The turns
presented, while not great, possess the
merit of cleanliness, and beer te sold,
I understand, at the same price all over
the house.
In Paris in a free theater of the same
appointments as the Olympia the price
of drinks depends entirely upon the
auditor's nearness to the stage. For
instance, at the Cafe dos Ambassa
! deurs, a concert garden, oft the Champs
i Elysses, a splendid vaudeville bill is of
j fered. Yvette Guilbert and the best
vaudeville artists on the Continent ap
pear there during the summer. Added
to this the performance closes with a
review of different well-known plays
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1898.
Bacher, T. G. Vogel. Judge Belcher and
Wife,, Sun Francisco; Mrs. M. Mellens,
Mrs. E. Vaughn and daughter, E. S.
Zemansky, 11. A. Bemis and family, Mrs.
M. Gniu and daughter, A. J. Siba, Sac
ramento; Charles Aull, Fulsom; G. H.
High. Grimes; Robert Gray. Mary Wry,
Suttef; Annie Ruff. Marysville: G. Stone,
[Davisville; C. A. Brockington. Grass Val
ley; the 'Misses Morell', W.xiland; R. S.
Tenant and daughter, Colusa; Charles
Snyder. Davisville; Peter Engel, Henry
F. "Berg. Marysville; Rev. L. P. Desma- j
rais, Jacksonville. Or.; J. R. Mathews, j
I'kuih; Ed Rogers, H. Bruce, Marysville;
C. W. Bremer. WeaverviHe; F. M. Wren
and wife, Sutter; G. Loeb. W. E. Cross
man, San Jose: M. Rosenberg. Santa
Rosa; Miss P.. Warren, Miss L. J. Miller,
Miss S. Cozzens, Santa Clara.
E! Paso dz gobies.
Registered at Paso Robles during the I
week were; P. Schlobash', J. Maruse, \
Mrs. S. Sweet. James Alexander, H. Ed- '
gar, Mrs. E. M. Koaner, P. W. Murphy. !
Miss C. Prag-er. T. Prager, William duff
and wife, J. Bpruance and wife, Mrs. K.
M. Burbam. John W. Stevenson, Claus |
Spreckels and wife. H. Epplnger Jr., D. |
F Meyer. M. J. Cohen, Ed Guirola, Dr.
Westerbergr, L. Selig, F. A. Lux Jr., Miss
Selma Lux. Leon Lewis, John G. Kapp,
Mrs. J. D. Thornton. Miss Lane, L. Watts
Doney. Mrs. B. Cohen and daughter, D. |
Tognazzini, B. J. Gladstone. W. H. Lynch I
and wife. D. S. Snedden and wife, S. D.
Ballou, Alex Patterson, C. C. Potter, A.
COMPARES THE SLUMS
OF
PARIS AND SAN FRANCISCO.
What Lillian Burkhart Saw on a
Night's Expedition in
Each City.
LAST week Lillian Burkhart, the act
ress, went slumming in San Francisco.
She had been on a like expedition
when on a visit to Paris, and conse
quently drew a comparison between
the wicKedness, poverty and crime of the two
cities. Her conclusions after her trip were
that there is nothing: she heard and saw in
Paris that has not its counterpart here, with
the exception that the Parisians have a cer
tain polish and chic even in their naughti
ness. Where the Parisian is chic, the lower
class American is vulgar; whore the Paris
ian is risque, the American is coarse. Here
is what "she has to say as the results of
her trips':
and players. The admission is free,
but if you are fortunate enough to get
a seat near the stage a glass of root
beer ur a glass of absinthe or plain
lemonade will cost you at least eight
francs, or $1 60 in our money. A seat
in the back of the garden may be had
for a franc, about 20 cents.
In the box to the right of us in the
Olympia the other evening sat a
woman of about '.:2 <>r 33 years of age.
She was dressed quietly and sat alone
with a glass of beer In front of her —
which she had forgotten to drink. I
noticed her at first because her cheeks
were not rouged; she looked tired and
rather lonely. I wondered if she was
waiting for some one. Finally a woman
dressed very loudly passed with three
men. The flashily gowned woman
called out to the lonely one in the box.
"Why, hello, Miss Smith, what's you
doing here? What time to-morrow will
you send my waist home?" The woman
hailed as Miss Smith flushed at finding
so many pairs of eyes turned upon her,
and said, "You shall have it at 3 to
morrow afternoon. I come here every
night just to hear the music. It rests
my head after listening to the sewing
machine all day."
Leaving these places one walks
straight across the borderline of re
spectability and vulgarity into vice
that is positively shameful. My cheeks
burned and my ears tingled from the
things I saw in one resort, and not far
from Market street either. Would such
a place be allowed on one of the prin
cipal thoroughfares of London or
Paris? No, Indeed!
On another main thoroughfare. Kear
ny street, there are resorts which, if
they exist in counterpart in Paris or
London, are certainly in some section
of the city not easy of access to strang
er's. What impressed me most strongly
was the large number of sold ers to be
found in one and all of these dives. In
one cellar at least twenty were present
— drinking, smoking and dancing with
the female habitues of the resort. It
made me feel ashamed and ardently
wish they were in civilian clothes. Then
again, it seems so dreadful, looking at
these young boys, many of them fresh
from the country, knowing little of
vice in any form, to be plunged In a
moment into such fearful dens of in
iquity. In Europe you do not see sol
diers in uniform frequenting such places,
for when they go they leave their uni
forms, the one mark of their nation's
love and pride, at home.
At one music hal! on Kearny street
(the dingy boxes on each side partially
screened by very dirty lace curtains)
a woman of about 40 years of age and
two hundred pounds of avoirdupois
visited us for a moment. She glanced
at me and said, "You're from New
York, aren's you. Miss?" I nodded as
sent and she said most ingratiatingly,
"I know you; I have ceen you before.'
You're Miss Russell."
I immediately smiled radiantly, think
ing she meant Lillian Russell, the well
i known prima donna. I only weigh 120
pounds and the fair Lillian would prob
, ably make three of me, still to have
I any one find even a faint resemblance
' to the beautiful singer was decidedly
\ Mattering. I began to look on my ques-
I tioner more kindly, when she said:
! "Yes, you're the dead image of Queenie
j Russell. She used to do a barefoot
; dance in Chicago — and gettin' good
j dough for. it, too— when she got stuck
! on a sowing machine agent and skipped
I the town. Now, what do you think of
I that for a guy?"
I refused to think at all and arose
to go, whereon she looked us all over
carefully and said: "What! You
| hain't going, are you, without treating
to wine — and youse dressed up in all
those togs, too." Running ahead of us,
sho called the apparent proprietor — a
man grown prematurely old and gray,
and who looked more like a hero in a
cheap melodrama with his white hair
and dark-ringed eyes— and the two
Smithers, S. Mayfield, G. Harnes. L.
Brooks, J. C. Schmidt. John Enos, C. R.
Howes, V. S. Bergfn. J. T. Humphrey. A.
Leigh, Mrs. John Madden. Mrs. L. Mc-
Donald, William Toner, Mrs. \V. Red
stone, L. Ohleyer, E. J. Briscoe. E.
Arendt. J. Turner and wife. E. Thomp
son and wife, E. Simonds. W. Bonner. J.
\V. Brown, George W. Geauque, G. W.
Kincaid.
JHighlarvd Springs.
The late arrivals at Highland Spring's
include: J. W. Empey, Leon Blum, Mrs.
Blum. Mrs. George dimming, Mrs. M.
Hendry, T. Fenton, L. A. Schwabacher,
Mrs. Anna Cox, Miss Edith C. Cox. Miss
Annie F. Cox, Joseph Ebner, R. F. Til
ton, J. C. Brittain. M. B. Kellogg and
wife. R. E. Reid. Mrs. E. M. Reid. Miss
Alice Eltason, Mrs. Ada Littlewood. Mrs.
J. O'Kane. Miss G. Pickell, Mrs. R.
Samm, R. A. Holcombe, R. L. C. Barnes
and wife, N. H. Gordon and wife, F. E.
Taylor. W. H. Tarpey, W. H. Crowell,
J. P. Sweeney. J. YV. J. Eiuight, John
Grant, L. A. Kelly and wife, A. G. Be
nard. Mrs. George Raphael and children.
Miss Goldstein. Mrs. E. M. O'Brien. San
Francisco; C. T. Rodolph. J. Witt Dough
erty. Miss Dougherty. Dougherty; R. H.
Davis. Oakland; W. T. Welcker, Berke
ley; H. A. Wilkendorf. Woodland; G. F.
Sarmento. San Leandro; E. M. Cox, P. F.
Bunker, Santa Rosa; F. Schmitter, Chi
cago; Mrs. J. C. Ayres, Washington, D. C.
Santa Gatalina Island
Mrs. E. M. Abil and daughter, Miss
Irene Abil of Oakland are guests of the
Metropole for a week.
Mr. and Mrs. F. C. Johnson and Miss
Wand of San Francisco are among late
arrivals at the Metropole.
Miss J. Sheldon of Oakland was regis
tered at the Metropole recently.
Mrs. William J. Landers and daughters.
Miss Landers and Miss Eleanor Landers,
have gone to Coronado for a short stay.
They have been guests or' the Metropole
during the entire summer.
Mrs. A. E. Palmer, Miss Palmer and
THE LATEST FAD
INJECTING PERFUME
THERE is talk of a hypodermic per
fume fad. Eastern society is re
ported to have taken It up. Women
are said to be flocking by hundreds
to the place of "business where the
perfume is administered.
By the use of the surgeon's hypodermic
needle a society girl who desires to faint
ly radiate the odor of violets as she
comes into the drawing room may do so
—at least, that is the supposition.
The advantages of having one's own
delicious individual odor seem alluring,
but the hypodermic needle brings with it
numerous suggestions as to pain and pos
called after us derisively, "Cheap guys,
they travel on their shape."
I concluded after the above episode
I had all I wanted of that style of en
tertainment.
As long as I live I shall never forget
the sight I witnessed in one alley. No
drama ever written ever can or ever
will tell such a story of vice and shame;
perhaps the women are unworthy or
pity, but I cannot believe it. The taw
dry women in the music halls did not
appeal to me half as strongly as these
poor, painted, forsaken creatures.
Surely some great philanthropist, sofme
great man or woman, will awaken to
the life work awaiting them here in San
Francisco.
The quadrille dances at the Moulin
Rouge in Paris did not impress me in
the same way, though their lives are
pitiful enough, too— but they seem to
glory in their degradation, and after
viewing their exhibitions one only feels
disgust and nausea. Writing of the
Moulin Ro-uge reminds me of a question
I asked my dressmaker while in Paris.
I asked if it was safe for a lady, ac
companied by a gentleman, to go to the
Moulin Rouge about midnight, and she
replied: "Oh, yes, mademoiselle. It
ees aulte safe. Ze girls will not trouble
you— it ees ze man zey are after. Oh,
you will find it what you call In Eng
lish wicked — you will ace lingerie
I Miss Bessie Palmer, guests of the Met-
I ropole. expect to return to th Mr home in
i Oakland the latter part of the month.
Mrs J. Parker Currier and Miss Marie
Currier, who have been quests of the
Metropole for six weeks, have returned
to their home in Oakland.
G. G. Fraser. the champion fisherman
of Avalon during his stay here, has re
turned to San Francisco. He has been
spending the summer at the Metropole.
Dr. H. 11. Piase of Phoenix now holds
the record of being the champion black
sea bass fisherman of Avalon. He has
broken the record by hooking and land
ing a 374-pound monster.
A Tuna Club has recently been organiz
ed at Avalon, including among its mem
bers, G. G. Fraser of San Francisco, and
William J. Landers, the insurance man,
also of San Francisco.
Mrs. A. W. Barrett, the champion
flsherwoman of Avalon. has returned to
Loa Angeles after a stay of two weeks at
the Metropole. Mrs. Barrett is the wife
of General Barrett, who is well known
throughout the State.
James B. Stetson has returned to San
Francisco after a stay of a week at the
Metropole.
Mrs. H. G. Rosenfeldt and daugter are
guests of the Metropole, registering from
Sun Francisco.
Dr. William I,entz has returned to his
home in Phoenix, after a two weeks' stay
.at the Metropole.
Mr. and Mrs. Albert Sutton, who have
been guests of the latter's sister, Mrs. E.
L. Doran, have returned to their home In
San Francisco.
Personals.
Mrs. Hugo Mansfield has returned from
.a three weeks' stay at Northport, where
she has been the guest of Miss Maud
Townsend.
Mr. and Mrs. Hyman Falk are now oc
cupying their new home, 2707 Jackson
street.
Mrs. Frank E. Farley, accompanied by
Miss Mac E. Cooney of San Francisco,
has returned to Salinas after sojourning
for two weeks at the Gllroy Hot Springs
and also visiting Mrs. Thomas W. Jack
son at Gilroy.
INJECTING ThE PERFUME.
sibly grave resultant complications, like
blood poisoning.
Then is the idea practicable after all.
so far as producing the desired perfumed
result?
I determined to Investigate.
I would ask the doctors, first, as to the
fad's practicability and, second, as to its
results, good and bad.
"Well," said Dr. William G. Moore of
Vandeventer place, "if you have the gen
>ulne missionary spirit and really desire
to know all you can about this hypoder
mic perfume notion, the best thing you
can do is to try it for yourself. Then
you're in a position to defend It or to de
nounce it as a foolish and dangerous
practice. I myself incline toward the
latter view.
"But everything should be given a fair
test.
"Are you willing and anxious to be the
means of preventing a lot of women from
engaging in a harmful practice?"
I was— well, willing is a little too strong,
and anxious Isn't a fitting term at all.
One can't exactly approach a state of
anxiety to do a thing when by doing it
one may engage in a discussion with
blood poisoning later by the calendar.
No, I was not anxious, but I was
agreed.
"Get the best quality of perfume you
can find, of any strong scent," said Dr.
Moore.
I went out and bought two drams of
violet from the nearest druggist, after
some questions as to its purity. The
shopman could not answer positively as
to the latter, because it was an Imported
article and he didn't know all its Ingre
dients, but he felt reasonably sure that
the proportion of impurities was small.
plenty." I can only add that we did
see lingerie plenty and it was all as she
said.
A trip tc- Chinatown was the most
marvelous part of our evening's Jour
ney. Its herded population, opium
fiends, its women imported and sold as
slaves, the peculiar odor in the air,
make one marvel at the city's freedom
from pestilence, but I suppose the pure
air from fresh coast winds keeps the
place exempt from any scourge or con
tagious disease.
When we turned our faces toward the
Baldwin Hotel again at the conclusion
of our journey I was obliged to admit
with reluctance that there is nothing
I heard ur saw in Paris that has not
a counterpart in San Francisco, with
this exception — that the Parisians have
a certain polish and chic even in their
naughtiness, and this redeeming fea
ture. If it be such, is totally lacking
here. Where the Parisian is chic the
American is vulgar; where the Parisian
Is risqi c, the American is positively
coarse.
San Francisco is a gTeat and wonder
ful city. We Easterners are inclined to
think the pivot around which revolves
all that is best in literature, art and
commerce is New York, but when we
get here we are obliged to acknowledge,
in the slang parlance of the day, that
"there are others."
LILLIAN BURKHART.
ADVERTISEMENTS^ , ____
Irresistiblejargains
Approaching the End of This
Season's Work.
1 We call special attention to these bargains, as they repre-
'. sent the cream of our stock at the lowest prices ever asked for
first-class goods. ...'".
: COLORED~I)RESS DEPARTMENT.
:At 10c Jv^^2KJ2SW^»^^" l =^S < = fls
a yard.
• A ♦ nC\r- « P'« ces "-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL ENGLISH A a V ard STORM
At OOC SERGE, worth 75c a yard, will be placed on Bale at 50c a yard.
■ AfKA^ 27 pieces 52-INCH ALL-WOOL ENGLISH MIXED SUITING,
At OOC former price »1 25 a yard, will be placed on sale. at oOc a >ard.
• At AtZr* 41 pieces 36-INCH FRENCH NOVELTY OTTOMAN PLAID, elegant
At 4DC designs, worth 75c a yard, will be offered at 4ac a yard. x .
■ At $1.00 25 pieces 54-INCH. FINE ALL-WOOL SUITING ne w fall
t}>I»UU styles, good value for $125 a yard,, will be placed on sale at ?1 «U a
yard.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
A* Af\~ 50' dozen MEN'S TENNIS FLANNEL NIGHTSHIRTS, made extra
' At 4UC • large, of good heavy flannel, and finished with felled seams, deep
yokes and with pearl buttons, extra good value for 65c. will be closed
out at 40c each. • .
• A f O«/- " 132 dozen MEN'S AUSTRALIAN LAMB'S WOOL SOCKS full finished
At %OC with double spliced heels and toes, warranted shrunk and in undyed
sanitary colors, camel's hair and vicuna, will be offered at 2oc pair.
A* C±tZ.r* The balance of our summer stock of JAPANESE CREPE SHIRTS, a
Al OOC very good assortment of colors and all sizes, were originally sold, at
• , $1 50 each, will- be closed out at 65c each.
A* Cl AA 45 dozen MEN'S UNDYED WOOL UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS.,
ill <J> 1 tUU thoroughly shrunk, extra good value for %\ 35, will be offered at $1 00
each. , ■ ' 
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS.
At 35 Cents.
LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, In fancy checks, regular price 73c, will ' be
placed on sale at 35c.
, At BO Cents.
LADIES" LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, in fancy plaids and figures, regular price
$1 00, will be placed on Ale at 50c.
At 75 Cents.
LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, In percales and. ginghams, regular price
}l 50, will be placed on sale at 75c. . '
At ®1.00.
LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, in fancy percales and organdies, regular
price $1 75, will be placed on sale at $1 00.
At 52.85 Pair.
.175 pairs IRISH POINT CURTAINS, a fair grade and good styles, good value for $3 00,
on special sale at $2 25 pair.
At $2.75 Fair.
125 pairs IRISH POINT CURTAINS, a fine grade and pretty designs, good value for
$3 75, on special sale at $2 75 pair.
• . At 53.25 Pair.
90 pairs IRISH POINT CURTAINS, a fine, grade, good styles and serviceable, good
value for $4 25, on special sale at $3 25 pair.
At 584.00 Pair*.
100 pairs IRISH POINT CURTAINS, an extra fine grade and handsome new designs
- ■• good value for $5 00, on special sale at $4 00 pair. ;:■ •■ • '
ladies; kid GLOVES. —■■
At SO Cents Pair.
28 dozen LADIES' TWO-CLASP FRENCH LAMB GLOVES, colors tan brown mode
green, oxblood and navy, also black (extra value), will be on special sale at 30c
a pair.
 NOTE — pair guaranteed and fitted.
(/(/ Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., / -
Kr \J? San Francisco* / % \-i
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦+++♦♦+♦♦♦♦♦♦+♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦+♦♦+++.
and the perfume, as perfumes go, he
could recommend as of very superior
quality.
So I took my two-dram flask and left.
Dr. Moore had the little hypodermic
machine waiting for me.
•'I have sterilized this needle while you
were gone," he said, "have thus removed
all danger from blood poisoning, which
the alcohol in the perfume would also
tend to eradicate, as well, so you needn't
be alarmed as to any future unpleasant
ness.
"Cheer up! This is in the interest of
society and science."
Then he filled the bulb from my two
dram flask and said "Ready."
"Arm?" I questioned.
"Yes., and roll your sleeve higher. I
shall inject it in the upper part of the
arm, just at the base of the deltoid mus
cle."
He pushed back my sleeve, seized a bit
of the arm muscle, grasped the needle
firmly in his strong fingers and thrust it
In— deep.
Then out in an instant after the per
fume had been emptied.
Hurt? Well. 1 knew when it hap
pened. A sharp, stinging pain is what
feels for the second that the needle punc
tures one's muscle — that is all. until later.
"I Injected that well under the skin,"
said the doctor as he laid aside his in
strument In a carbolic bath. "That Is so
as to let it have a chance to attain full
effect, if there will be any. Now you
ought to emit a fragrance of violets inside
of a dozen hours, if this thing is a suc
cess.
"If, by to-morrow morning, you find no
Home QatKerirxgs.
Mrs. J. N. Sherbume grave a luncheon
at her residence, 3923 California street,
last Friday, in honor of her guest from
Sacramento, Mrs. M. B. Lelong. Those
present were: Mrs. M. B. Lelong. Mrs.
W. A. Rlstenpart. Mrs. J. C. Wilder. Mrs.
F. H. Lawton. Mrs. H. C. Van Dyke.
Mrs. Steams. Mrs. T. L. Fleming. Mrs.
S. Rhorer. Mrs. T. A. Cox. Mrs. J. W.
Lewis. Mrs. T. J. Byrne and Mrs. Wal
ter Browne.
Mrs. C. Dibblee entertaJaned a number
of friends last Wednesday evening In
honor of her priest, Mrs. S. R. Bogart of
Seattle, Wash. Among those present
were: Sergeant F. Coombs, Sergeant J.
Witherspoon and Corporal E. Jenner, all
of Company D, First Washington Uni
ted States Volunteers. Dancing, music
and games were indulged in until mid
night, when upper was served. Several
vocal and instrumental solos were ren
dered by Sergeant F. Coombs, Corporal
E. Jenner and Walter A. Wllkins.
Mrs. K. O. Rieser gave a luncheon on
Friday last to some of her friends at
Mountain View.
Glub Parties.
A delightful cruise around the bay was
enjoyed on board the elegant yacht Vol
unteer last Sunday by the members of
the Imperial Cycling Club and their lady
friends. Luncheon was served at Angel
Island. The following ladies and gentle
men participated: Mr. and Mrs. Gorham,
chaperons; Miss Grace Heydenaber, Miss
Rose Horst. Miss Emma Jordan. Miss
Annie Herbert, Miss Sadie Dußoyce, Miss
E. B. Brooks, Miss M. Gothic. Ed Schnei
der. Carl Year'an. Mr. Meusdorffer, Ed
Riesac. Max Gunther, P. Schoenwald, T.
perceptible odor of flowers about your
skin, then I'd try taking about a dram
of that perfume. It won't hurt you any
and you will then be able to judge which!
method is more efficacious, or at least
whether either of them amounts to a row
of pins so far as the desired result is con
cerned."
I thanked the doctor, took my punc
tured arm, which was beginning to feel
punctured, took also my two-dram
flask of deadly violet perfume and left
For the next 12 hours I sat upon the
anxious bench, and— l may as well con
fess it, nursed a sore arm.
The experiment was tried in the after
noon. By dinner time my nostrils had
been frenuently applied to such epidermis
as neighbored near the small, blue needle
mark.
No result.
Faintly reminiscent odors of ivory soan
Not a whiff of violet.
I sniffed ugain at sleeping time. I woke
up In the middle of the night and sniffed
Then 1 got up disappointedly and pain
fully, sought the famiiv medicine chest
and pouring a mixture of arnica and
witch hazel on a pocket handkerchief
tied the same about my aching arm with
the aid of my free hand and my front
teeth.
Then I gloated a few gloats over the
fact that the experiment had proven un
satisfactory, hit my arm In the dark
against a rooking chair, and sought re
pose with satisfaction in my mind and
pain in nr< - body.
Failure is a good word to use and
"dangerous failure " comes nearer tho
mark.— St. Louis Republic.
Hornung. William Kenny and Charles
Ludlow.
A delightful hop was the second given
by the Sine Cura Club on last Thursdnv
evening, the 18th inst. About 160 respond
ed to the invitations issued. The hall was
tastefully decorateu by the lady members
of the club with tlowers and evergreens
The affair was a brilliant success in
every way. It is probable that another
hop will be given this season.
!r\ the Future.
The Society of Old Friend? will hold its
annual banquet at Bay State restaurant
on Wednesday evening. August 31.
The eighty-eighth anniversary of the
independence of Mexico will be celebrated
nt Union Square Hall on Friday evening.
September 16. by a grand concert and ball
given by the Mexican Ladies' Benevolent
Society, assisted by fifty young ladies
and gentlemen of the Mexican colony.
Professor William Van Brunt and Mme.
Ellen Coursen Roeckel. Committee of
arrangements is as follows: Mrs. L.
Gosch, president of the society; Mrs. E.
S. de Elorduy. chairman; Mrs. C. de
Ybarra. treasurer: Miss M. Pilla. secre
tary; Mrs. P. Andrade. Mrs. C. Pillalon.
Mrs. C. Duarte. Mrs. T. Gomez. Mrs. C.
Davalos. Miss F. Hernandez and Mrs. C.
Cisneros.
The next social meeting of the Pacific
Coast Women's Press Association will be
held on Monday, August 22, at 2:30 p. m.,
in Shasta Hall. Native Sons' building.
Mason street, between Post and Geary.
It will be a "round table." comprising
exhibitions of Hawaiian, Japanese and
Chinese curios. An original poem by
Harriet M. Sktdmore will be read, and a
vocal solo rendered by Mme. Spitzy*
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Koonnn, 1017-102S Mission.;"'■". THIS IS THE LATEST HAT FOR MORNING WEAR.
• • ' It has supersede. l the sailor with very fashionable girls and is the
very latest from Paris. The trimming consists of a band of black velvet
and- an antique buckle.
V ■ '.- .- 1 ' Special to the Sunday Call.
.. c-» c? EW YORK. Aug. 19.— 1t Is fair
! •IrsSsi il to assume that all children
'■||^Jr are interesting to women, and
'••'II" II ulso tnat every woman is in
]]> . [^ terested in children. Nothing
•.'••■■..■ . Is more attractive than a
■' • '■ : ; . • neatly dressed child, and if. to
'the neatness, can be added a degree of
■•/taite, then the small vision becomes a
; '-'delicate fairy-like creature such as one
.-sees. In one's dreams of eternal youth.
:;■ ■'■ T-o bring about this delightful result is
•■' the aim of the dressmaker. I may pay
■•■ that .!• know at least ten first-class dress
; makers who devote their time by day
y-.and' their thoughts by night to the plan
■ '..ning/ot dresses for small children. One
•. .of -them showed me the result of her
■ -thought and handiwork a few days ago.
! Tin*, little dress was made of Scotch
• Madras, which is a material with several
■■■Kinds of goods running through It. The
• little dots were of silk, the threads were
:. at coarse cotton, and the groundwork
was very much like an ordinary gingham.
"•. The goods were decidedly of a wash sort,
vand. the colors were never-fading and
•.very lasting as to durability.
■■.'■ There is some thing about the mixed
goods which is very desirable for chil
.. dr.en's clothes. It has so many different
. threads in it that you do not notice the.
defect when two or three threads be
come worn out. The general effect re
mains the same which is highly desirable
In'- a child's dress. Novelty and plaid are
'always Ideal for this reason.
The little dress above referred to was
; a Scotch Madras gingham with gather
ed" skirt. The fullness was even all the
. .way : around and a belt of open work ln
. sertl'on was sewed on the top of the
:,. skirt. . Through this open work tnser
tibn of a bright cerise ribbon was run.
' The ribbon was tied in a big bow at the
back of the waist.
The waist was rounded with scarcely
COMFORTABLE PLAY-DAY DRESS
any blouse front or back. It wai
trimmed with white needlework of open
pattern. The needlework was arranged
to form a point in the front; it was full
at the shoulders and two rows^of it lay
one over the other, making a sort of
shoulder epaulet.
With the little dress went a collarette
of mull, which was to be worn when the
little girl was on dress parade. The collar
ette consisted of two mull ruffles shirred
upon a broad scarlet ribbon which was
tied at the back of the neck. When the
little girl was at play this little collarette
could be taken off, showing the neck of
the dress, finished with a very tiny band
of white insertion.
The dress had every color In it, and any
hat could be worn with it. 'I should ad
vise a small flat hat with a pointed crown
trimmed with a great bunch of cerise rib
bon in front, no other trimming being
needed.
IJttle girls are wearing the most bril
liant stockings. Instead of the somber
black which encased their calves in pre
vious years, red. white and blue stock-
Ings are worn and the ever-beautiful
pElds. This little girl was to wear a
pair of patriotic sto.-kings— red and blue
upon a groundwork of white. The little
shoes were of white canvas. When soiled
these little shoes can be cleaned with
pipeclay or with magnesia. If they are
Hulled very much they can be scrubbed
with gasoline and a toothbrush. If gaso
line Is used care must be taken not to ig
nite it by friction.
Black stockings are never very hand
some except at evening, when a little
court costume is worn, or on certain
somber occasions: but colored stockings
are always beautiful. They do not turn
gray like' black, and they have a much
more dressy look. The plain colors are,
however, lens desirable than the plaids.
Scarlet, blue and white plaids are very
smart, but unfortunately they are rather
expensive. They come as high as $3, al
though you can on bargain days get them
for much less.
Very industrious women are knitting
these stockings for their little ones,
using coarse cotton which greatly re
sembles darning cotton. It comes la
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST *% 1898.
PRETTY SUMMER GOWNS
FOR THE
YOUNGSTERS
Bkeins and can be wound In balls.
Home-made stockings should be made
with very large feet, or the toes will poke
out long before the legs are worn. There
is a firm which sells feet for stockings,
so that every pair of stockings can be re
footed.
The pattern is very simple and I should
say could be duplicated at home. Almost
any woman can cut a pattern of a stock
ing foot. For these you should obtain a
foot like the remainder of the hose.
A very serviceable little play gown is
made of tan batiste with a black stripe
running through it. This black stripe Is
very pretty upon the tan. Batiste is a
material which varies greatly in thick
ness, according to the quality you buy. It
is like ladies' cloth; you can get it light or
heavy. A good material for a child is the
linen batiste, which is not quite trans
parent, yet shows the skirt beneath. Lit
tle slips are of all colors. Buff, yellow,
canary, saffron and tan come for wearing
under" these little dresses.
Thf batiste skirt of the little rirpss
which I have in mind was gored so that
it set quite smooth around the waist and
upon the hips. Below the waist it flared
suddenly, until it was very full around
the knees. It was faced with a 1.^..^. ...
black brilllantine only a quarter of an
inch wide upon the front of the goods.
The waist of this little dress was plait
General Rufes for Beauty Seekers.
This department in for the benefit if all those who are interested in the science of cosmetics and the hy
giene of proper living. If any one desires information on either of these subjects their questions will be cheer
fully answered in these columns. Write as often as you like, ask as many questions as you please Mid sign any
name that you choose. Address all communications to Lme. Hygeia, The Sunday Call, San Francaico.
1 WONDER how many of my beauty
seekers, in using the various recipes
that I have given them, combine with
their use a strictly hygienic method
of living? I think that I have not
sufficiently emphasised this point.
The skin must be kept in a. state of ab
solute cleanliness in order to perform its
proper functions, which can only be ac
complished by the daily sponge bath and
a good, hard scrubbing with hot water,
r r soap and a flesh brush at least once a.
week.
The blood must be kept from getting
sluggish by plenty of exercise regularly
taken, and it must- be kept in a state of
perfect purity by strict attention to the
diet. Overeating, irregular eating and
indulgence in rich foods, pastries and hot
broads do more damage to fair, soft skins
than anything else, for they cause various
forms of Indigestion and invariably
make the complexion coarse, high col
ored and greasy, and bring blackheads,
pimples and all sorts of unsightly erup
tions. "Women never seem to understand
'that beauty food can be put into the
stomach as well as smrared upon the
face. All the beauty pomades and local
applications in the world will have no ef
fect unless these general laws of health
are religiously attended to.
Another thing that I have not before
spoken of is this: Women do not drink
enough water. At least three pints of
filtered water should be drunk each day.
Hot water is better than cold, particular
ly early in the morning. It is a good plan
to take a cup of hot water a half-hour be
fore each meal and before retiring. Take
from five to fifteen minutes to drink tne
water. It will wash from the stomach the
mucous, alcoholic and sour yeasts and
t)o not nibble sweets at odd hours. If
you must nibble between meals, then let
it be fruits, nearly all of which are nu
tritious and healthful. You can find no
better complexion beautlfler than grapes;
00 eat as many of them as you can. Let
ed. It was belted with a tan belt elab
orately embroidered in black. ; The yoke
of the dress was scarlet embroidered upon
white muslin. At the shoulders were
white ribbons with a fancy finishing of
red along the edges. . j
Boy' suits are made of crash, duck
ai d denim. Tnese three materials come
in all grades. You can get them for ten
cents a yard. The patriotic : colors— red,
white and blue— are, of course, being the
most popular, an. it is a badly used child
who does not possess a coat and vest and
a pair of. trousers in blue or white, trim
med with'scarlet military^r aid. WARJ> _
REMOVABLE
SLEEVES
E~~ VERYBODY notices with a degree
of joy or disappointment dependent
upon her own physical perfection,
- that sleeves arc undeniably grow
ing "small and beautifully less."
Many women there are who are already
wearing really tight sleeves, and among
these the old-time complaint is repeating
NEAT WASH FROCK FOR A ChILD.
BY MME. HYGEIA.
tuce,- watercress and all green salads are
also excellent for the complexion, and an
occasional teaspoonful of olive oil Is pood,
too. '
Last, but not leant, beauty-sreking fem
ininity must indulge In lots of sleep. With
out this natural restorative great physi
cal beauty is out of the question. Tired
nerves and brokendown tissues are cer
tainly not conducive to a high form of
beauty, and in ord^r to keep the exhaust
ed forces of the body in proper repair
sleep is absolutely necessary.
A certain amount of tissue is destroyed
and vitality exhausted each day that
must be renewed. During sleep all volun
tary movements are suspended, but the
vital functions of respiration and circu
lation are still carried on, although less
rapidly.* Consequently, a reserve force is
accumulated ready for the demands of
the next clay, and one awakes rested and
refreshed.
Some people require more sleep thnn
others, but every one should have at
least eight hours, and ten, to my mind, is
not too much. A good rule is to retire
promptly at 10 each night and rise at 8
the following morning. The hours from
10 to 12 are thought to be those in which
the most repair Is made, and hence the
sleep gained in them is called the "beauty
sleep. I knew a woman once who made
it a rule to retire regularly every night at
9 o'clock, with the exception of one night
In each week, which she kept as a recep
tion night for her friends, or in case she
cared to spend an evening out. She never
let anything interfere with this rule. And
I assure you that her complexion rivaled
in fairness, smoothness and fineness of
texture the most exquisite piece of Pa
rian marble, and she attributed most of it
to her religious regularity in this one re
spect.
Perfect ventilation is an absolute ne
cessity in the sleeping apartment, for, If
there is not sufficient oxygen to purify
the blood properly one will toss restlessly
to and fro t d sleep, if not altogether Im
possible, will be so disturbed that it will
be of little benefit. Have the pillow Upon
which you sleep just high enough to raise
the head so as to be even with the
\
itself like an echo of the far past, "How
these things do stretch and pull out of
shape!" This is the trouble
with unlined sleeves made of thin ma
terial, that pretty mode that intensifies
the beauty of curves and whiteneßß of
skin beneath.
It is in the pulling on and off that tight
sleeves have been torn and spoiled. A new
method of adjustment, recently concocted
by a clever little woman who thinks, and
which has been quickly adopted by several
of the leading dressmakers' establish
ments, is designed to do away with this
wear and tear and inconvenience. The
new sleeve has but one seam, and Is made
a full inch too loose for the arm. Down
the outside of the seam is sewn a very
fine cord of silk elastic. Thlß is twisted at
intervals of half an inch or less into small
raised loops. The elastic must match ex
actly the color of the gown. Parallel with
the range of loops and separated by an
inch from it Is a row of tiny buttons. Is it
not simple? The sleeve, amply large, is
drawn on with ease; then the wee elastic
loops are slipped over the buttons, that
correspond with them in numbers, and the
sleeve becomes tight. In removing the
loops are first unbuttoned, and the sleeve
is saved from stretching.
It is a practical idea and one that can
be easily followed, and will be appreciated
by any one who has ever ruined fine
sleeves in the donning and doffing.
shoulders. If you can sleep without a pil
low so. much the better. ■■■.■.■ • ■.>:••
As a recapitulation to this talk I would
like to add the German Emperor's "rule
of life," which was given him by his fa
vorite physician, and to which he ascribe*
Tils j good health and vigor. It Is: "Eat
fruit for breakfast. Eat- fruit for- lunch.
Avoid pastry and hot cakes. ; Take pota
toes only onoe a day. Do not take tea of
coffee, walk ; four; miles every • day, wet
or fine. Take a bath every day. Wash
the face every night In warm water.
Bleep eight hours . every night." . ■:* •'■" ' '■■■>;,.
r. '•' ■ ■'- '" '" '♦'" "* •"-,:"•■: '• ■ ■■•■
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
A SUBSCRIBER— If the hairs ar«
coarse and scattered, I would advise th«
electric needle. If fine and quite numor*
mis, I know of no better way than to put
prepared chalk -•« the upper Up, and then
with the fingers, which have also bHen
dipped in the Chalk, pluck them out. It is
only fair to tell you that after this ih-:y
will return and the operation will have to
bo repeated. I do not .believe that science
has ever yet discovered a permanent cur*
for ii.is horror. Depilatory powders are
usually worthless, as they merely ourn
the hair off to the surface of the skin, and
it promptly returnß. For the red hand*
m<e the oatmeal lotion, formula for which
was given in the Sunday Call, August 14.
MYRTLE E.— The formula that you ask
for is: Gum tragacanth, l\i drams; proof
spirit, 3 ounces; attar of rose, 3 drops:
distilled water, 7 ounces. If It should
show on your hair a little brushing wilt
remove it. For dandruff, wash the hair
every two or three weeks, using the fol*
lowing as a shampoo: Yelk of one egg,
pint of distilled water, and one ounce
rosemary spirits. Beat the mixture thor
oughly and use It warm, rubbinr it well
into the scalp. Be sure and rlnee the
hair in several waters after using, els*
the hair will be sticky and horrid. Be
sides removing the dandruff, this will
make the hair soft and silky.
DESPAIR— The hair falling In such
HANDSOME LOW NECK DRESSING.
quantities denotes a disordered physical
condition. Be careful as to diet, take reg
ular exercise and keep the skin in good
condition by taking a daily tepid sponge
bath. I would also advise you to take
syrup of hypophosphates occasionally,
and to drink orange phosphates before
meals. Massaging the scalp gently with
the fingers, which have been barely damp
ened in lukewarm water, will invigorate
the hair roots. Try this tonic:
Bay rum. one pint; aldohol, one-half
pint; castor oil, one-half ounce; tincture
cantharldes, one-half ounce; carbonate of
ammonia, one-eighth ounce. Mix well and
apply to the scalp every other night, mas
saging with the finger tips.
ClTY— Benzoin diluted in water is a
good skin tonic, but must be used with
discrimination. Its qualities form a new
epidermis, and if the old skin happens to
be in a condition to be cast you will look
as though you were shedding your com
plexion. This, of course, if you use too
much of it. Be sure and get the simple
tincture, and the proper proportions are
about a tenspoonful to a half pint of
water. The best way to use it is to have
a slight quantity of it incorporated in your
cold cream and use that every night. I
doubt if it will positively prevent wrinkles,
but it may help. The tiny hairs will re
turn and the operation will have to be re
peated, probably about once a month. The
lady about whom you ask Is interested in
the business, which is carried on under
her name only to the extent of allowing
her name to be used. The firm went into
bankruptcy a year or so ago and was sold
out. since when she has taken no active
part in the business.
W. C. GREY— Please see advice given
to Despair, only "instead of using the
tonic prescribed for her try this for the
falling hair and dandruff:
Eau de cologne, 8 ounces; tincture
cantharides. 1 ounce; oil English laven
der, V 4 dram; oil rosemary. *fa dram.
This is particularly good for dry. harsh
hair. Apply merely to the roots once or
twice.
TROUBLES— In setting up paper last
Sunday my letter to you became discon
nected in some way. The oatmeal lotion
which tumbled over into the next column
was what I prescribed for you.
SILVEIA DAWN— Here is the formula
for rouge paste: Melt 2Vi parts white
wax. 50 parts spermaceti. 50 parts oil of
sweet almonds. When melted add drop
by drop 33 parts rosewater. Beat briskly
with a silver spoon or an egg beater, and
when cold beat in enough powdered car
mine to color properly. The longer this is
whipped the finer and better it will be.
In answer to Belle in issue of August 14
I gave directions for making the skin
food. No doubt you saw it. The orange
flower water must be added, drop by
drop, but quickly enough to got it all in
while the cream is hot. Be sure and
warm the jar slightly before putting it in.
If it does not mix properly you can al
ways melt It a second time and beat over
again. I did not give you formula for
Almondlne before, because I did not know
It. nor do I yet. Tell the brother to read
foregoing reply to W. C. Grey for treat
ment of dandruff.
M. A.— l confidently assert that there is
nothing that will actually restore the
color to gray hair. Tho only cure is the
temporary one of a stain or dye. Prema
ture gray hair Is caused, as you say. by
the failure of the mineral ingredients in
the pigment. At the first sign of gray
hair a good iron tonic prescribed by a
physician should be tuKgn regu'arly. and
at the same time a tonic should be op
PATRIOTISM AND USEFULNESS COMBINED.
plied to the roots of the hair. Rubbing
claret into the scalp will, by strengthen
ing and invigorating the hair bulbs, often
bring back the natural tints. The fol
lowing hair tonic is excellent:
Two drams tincture cantharldes. six
drams essence of rosemary, eleven ounces
elder flower water. I beg of you not to
use any of the so-called "restorers." One
of my correspondents has written to me
that she used one and it rotted her hair
to such an -extent that she had every
reason to fear that she would become
bald. I hope that you will get some
comfort ont of the treatment I have pre
scribed.
UNE ANGLAISE— I feel sure that when
you regain your, health the things that
cause you so much worry now will ad
just themselves. Cease worrying and
fretting. You will never regain your
fresh, youthful appearance until you do.
As your hair is a golden brown, I would
advise using the plain claret on
it, omitting the iron. This lat
ter has a slight darkening effect,
and as your hair is already too
dark at the roots, I would not advise It.
Please read what I have said to M. A. on
this subject. Keep the hair in a state
of perfect cleanliness, by frequent brush
ing and a shampoo whenever necessary.
Try the egg shampoo, which I ,iave sev
eral times given recipes for. It will be
particularly beneficial in your case,
can tell you of no way to lighten the
roots of your hair except by bleaching,
and I should not advise you to
commence anything of that sort,
for, of, course, as the hair grows
out. it will still be dark at the roots,
and the bleach would have to be ap
plied over and over again.
I think a little lemon juice and rosewa
ter applied to the end of your nose for
several nights will remove the discolora
tion in the pores. If It makes the skin
tender, apply cold cream. I really can
not recommend any patent dye or "re
storer." You say that I advised a cor
respondent to use a good dye on the
eyelashes. If you will read that letter
again you will find that I advised it for
the eyebrows and not the eyelashes.
I particularly said that it was not to be
used on the lashes. Massaging the throat
with the orange flower skin food should
make it firm and pretty again. Here is
the formula for a very excellent cucum
ber cream:
One ounce almond oil.
One ounce green oil.
Two ounces juice of cucumbers.
One ounce white wax.
One ounce spermaceti.
Two ounces essence of cucumber.
The rose leaf lotion will keep for some
time; the brandy, of course, preserves it.
For the brittle nails, I would suggest that
you apply, every night before going to
bed a good cold cream, rubbing it Into
the nail so that it is absorbed. Then,
when you are able to get out, go, once a
week, to a manicure who thoroughly un
derstands the treatment of nails In the
condition that yours are.
MRS. L. X.— Burning pains in the feet
are sometimes caused by Imperfect cir
culation. Indigestion also causes them at
times. If from the latter cause remedy
that and tne effect will disappear. Try
bathing the feet in a solution of boracic
acid, and if that does not relieve them
I will tell you of something else.
MATILDA— Try remedy for dandruff
suggested to W. C. Grey.
2728
Skiagraph Taken on Board the United States Hospital Steamer Belief,
Showing the Course of a Bullet That Finally Lodged in the Arm.
Special to The Sunday Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— Dr. William M. Gray of the
hospital* ship Relief found time the other day to
talk of the part that surgery has played in the pres
ent "xar and the Influence of new scientific appli
ances as tested by practical experience in making
the lot of the wounded men easier. Dr. Gray is the mi
croscopist at the Medical Museum at Washington, and was
detailed by this institution for surgical work in the war
with special reference to the diagnosis of gunshot wounds
by the Roentgen rays.
"One thing this war has taught, " he said, "is that the
probe In all its forms has gone out of use. No more search
ing blindly In a man's body for the bullet, n<> more danger
of blood poisoning from the Introduction into the wound of
Instruments In search. The Auoroscope tells us instantly
where the projectile has imbedded Itself, and we have only
to out it out a* if it were there before our eyes. The in
genious electric probe and all similar devices have seen
their day. In all future battles experts in sklagraphy will
be attached of necessity to the medical corps, and the work
of the surgeons will be materially assisted by their precise
indications. We took out bullets by the pint on board the
Relief, and almost without exception they were located by
the X-rays."
The surgeon exhibited the apparatus for producing the
X-rays and the operating table where the skiagraphs are
made. These stand amidships in an open space ranged
about with hospital cots. Dr. Gray explained that, excel
lent as the results have been so far, they will be better
in the future, since the Relief starts on her new cruise
with much improved X-ray appliances. In the developing
room he showed a number of X-ray plates, such as were
prepared for the surgeon's guidance; those cannot fail to
furnish interesting data for the BUrgical history of the war.
It seemed that valuable time might be lost in making
these pictures and the doctor was asked about it.
"It Is all done in a few minutes." he said, "five seconds
for a wound in the hand, thirty seconds for one in the foot,
and not over ten or fifteen minutes for a wound through
the thick pelvis. The patient is stretched out here, the
X-ray bulb adjusted over the wound like this (see illustra
tion i. the plate put under the limb or part where the
wound \s, and the thing is done. The plates are developed
almost instantly. In many eases we save hours of vain
searching: not infrequently we save the soldier's life.'*
Then he went on to tell of a remarkable case where a
man wa.s wounded in the right shoulder by a Mauser bul-
FRATERNAL NEWS
OPII FELLOWSHIP.
Pacific Lodge is having iiuite a boom
Binre the new officers have taken their
ins. During the past few months
twelve candidates have been received into
the lodge and a feature last Thursday
nlKht was a double initiation. John
Stevenson, the noble grand, and F. L.
Turpln, the vice grand, who is widely
known, air both working hard to Increase
th«» membership, and in that they are
doing well. Among the latest acquisi
tions ai.' a minister and a physician.
< Mental BSncampmeni was ■visited by
Grand Patriarch Erlewine on Saturday
when th<> golden rule and royal purple
tk-gre^s were conferred.
&1 illo Lodge had a double initiation
inst Friday.
Grand Patriarch Eriewine has been
making B tour of visitations, having visit
ed the encampments at Egydesville, Eu
reka, Alameda, SHn Jose and Modesto.
Report! for the tt-rni show a noticeable
lacreaM in the subordinates and encamp
ments during the past tt-rin. The subor
dinates Rh< \\ üboul 360 and the encamp*
inents about 80. There is also an m-
In the Rcbekah lodges.
c.rand Scribe Barnes has been In San
arranging for the grand encamp
ment to meet there or. October 18.
The relief committee of this city, the
one of Sacramento and the one of Stock
ton ■will meet In San Jose on the 2Sth and
29th Inst. by invitation of the committee
of the Garden City.
The Odd Fellows' reading room was
opened last week.
THE REBEKAHS.
Last week Templar Rebekah Lodge No.
19 gave a very enjoyable entertainment in
Ita hall In the Odd Fellows' building and
the attendance was good. The commit
tee on entertainment, Mrs. McLane, Mrs.
Frethi. Mrs. Black and Messrs. Rose.
Spinney and Frethi presented a pro
gramme that included vocal selections by
Messrs. Meyers and Rltter; mandolin
solo. Miss Mazie Wright; a comedy, "The
Nettle." Miss Hope Mosher and R. Mc-
Leod. After that came dancing which
was kept up until midnight.
Loyal Rebekah Ixidge gave a musical
entertainment last wec-k. It Is making
arrangements to observe Rebekah day on
September 20.
THE NATIVE SONS.
Last Monday night Charles A. Boide
mann. D. D. G. P.. installed the officers
of Las Posltas Parlor at Livermore.
L. G. Venn. D. D. Q. P., of this city,
accompanied by District Deputy Hlnton
and members of Sea Point Parlor of Sau
salito. Installed the officers of Nicaslo
Parlor. -y.
During the past few weeks three of the
parlors have suffered loss by fire—Rain
bow of Wheatland. Lassen of Susanville
and Tracy of Tracy. Not discouraged by
the losses the parlors have requested the
grand secretary to send them new sup
plies, so that they can proceed with busi
ness.
Grand Secretary Lunstedt has notified
all the parlors that under a ruling of the
Collector of Internal Revenue the pro
visions of the revenue law requiring a
2-cent stamp on all warrants for money
shall not apply to any fraternal, bene
ficiary society or order organized and
conducted solely by the members thereof
for the exclusive benefit of the members
and not for profit. ;
THE N-TTVE DAUGHTERS.
On the evening of the 10th lnst. Buena
Ventura Parlor was presented a beautiful
silk American flag, Ul6 presentation ;
speech being by Mrs. Cora B. Slflford.
grand vice president, anil the formal ac- ,
ccptance was by Mlsb Hattle Ley, presi
dent of the parlor." The event, which I
took place tn the A. O. V. W. Hall In
Ventura, which for the occasion was pa
trlotlcally decorated., was witnessed by
many, and at tin- close of the ceremony
there was a programme of music, song
and literature, in which George L. Saek
ett. Emma Charlebois, Jessie Arnelll,
Edith Shepherd. Irene Williams and
Edith Bonestel took part. At the close
of the programme the entire audience
sang "America." and then there was
dancing ami refreshments.
On .Saturday, the 13th Inst., the hall of
Estrella Parlor was crowded to Its ut
most by an audience assembled to enjoy
the minstrel performancf given by the
lady members of the parlor. Eight of
them were blacked up as black as black
can be, and the programme, a most ex
cellent one. was highly commended by
all. After a short address by President
Mrs. Algeltlnger the following numbers,
Interspersed by original jokes, and many
of them not half bad, were offered: Duet,
Miss Hattie Faulkner and Mrs. M. Mid
dleton; pumpkin colored coons. Misses
Birdie Hart man and Sophie Asmuss; "Our
Boys Far Away," an original song dedi
cated to the California Volunteers, Mrs.
Lillian A. Carlie; vocal quartet, E. Bolde
man. Miss Leslie, Mr. Doyle and Mrs. L.
Orangey. The finale of the first part was
"The Wedding of the Chinee and the
Coon." Those who entertained with wit
and humor in the first part were: Mrs.
R. P. Gale. Miss Madge Leslie. Miss
Birdie Hartman. Miss Sophie Asmuss and
Mi.ss Bellow. In the second part George
Hush entertained with specialities; Mrs.
Young sang a ballad; Professor McEwen
gave an exhibition of fancy dancing that
was received with well-merited applause,
and William Fenstermacher favored with
a barytone solo. After the performance
part of the audience was invited Into an
adjoining hall, and then in each hall Ice
cream and cakes were In order. That was
followed by dancing. Mrs. Tlllle Roth
man, Mrs. Gale, Mrs. Carlle, Mrs. Bolde
man. Miss Vasselin and Miss Hartman
were the committee that got up the de
lightful affair.
Sans Soucl Parlor will give an enter
tainment and dance on the 26th lnst. In
Its hall on Devisadero street.
Fremont Parlor is now the proud pos
sessor of a handsome silk flag, the handi
work of one of its members— Miss Hanna
Collins. The eagle and pole are the gift
of Daniel Daniels of Mission Parlor of the
Native Sons On the Ist of September the
parlor will give a social In Native Sons'
Hail, on Which occasion Miss M. Bertla,
P. G. P.. will formally present the flag to
the parlor.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Calumet Camp gave Its first entertain
ment and ball in the Alcazar last Mon
day and there was a good attendance.
The programme., that was much enjoyed.
Included instrumental music by Camp
: Tamalpais Band, vocal music by Miss
Rosa Barnett, Miss Violet Mannler. Miss
Flossie Henery, W. U frewn and W. F.
| Reed, specialties by Edna and Marguerite
; Honn, xylophone by Regal and Drlscoli,
and addresses by General Organiser
George K. Rogers and Special Organiser
H. B. Jennings. A dance followed the
programme. To-morrow the Head Camp
of the order will open In Pioneer Hall and
remain in session during the week. The
programme of events for the week was
published in The Call of last Wednesday.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
: The installations of tne lodges of the or
der have been brought to a close, and the
new officers have entered upon the dis
charge of their duties.
! The leading officer* of Aurora Lodge are:
W. «'. Henrn. P.; Annie Thomson, V. P.; Lil
lle B. Holcomb. R. S. ; LUile A. R#.pp. F. 8..
and Dr. A. 8. Cook. T.
Those of Pacific Lodge are: Mrs. Mary E.
Carroll, P.; Mr* E. R. O'Donnell. V. P.; A.
Atkins. R. 8. and F. 9.. and J. C. Peters. T.
West End Lodgv ha« the following as its
chief officers: Z. T. VTnltten, P.; Christine
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1898.
SINGULAR WOUNDS RECEIVED
IN THE LATE WAR.
Experts Tell About the Effect of Mauser Bullets and
me Use of me X Ray in Locating Them-Wounfls
Through Heart and Brain mat Were Not Fatal.
let. which plowed Its way on around the chest walls under
the deep muscles and lodged In the left arm, shattering the
humerus.
"Here was an odd condition, a wound In the right
shoulder, but no bullet, the bone of the left arm broken,
but no wound. How long do you suppose it would have
taken to find that b-illet by probing? It did not take us
one minute to find it with the X-rays. Here It Is In this
picture, you see It there quite plainly."
He handed over a skiagraph, reproduced herewith, that
Cases Where Soldiers Were Shot Through the Heart, Brain, Lungs aud Stomach
and Still Survived.
shows the fractured humerus and the imbedded bullet, as
If the arm were transparent. It was simply a matter of a
few cuts and the bullet was out.
"Did the bullet do no harm, doctor, in going through
the body?"
"Apparently not; the man made little complaint, and is
doing nicely; we have had more remarkable cases than
that of Mauser bullets passing through the body and doing
no harm. One man was shot through from side to side,
with both lungs traversed, but he had no symptoms, not
even any bleeding. There was just a small red spot where
the bullet went in and a Bmall red spot where it came out.
If his leg had not been cracked by another shot he would
not have been In the hospital. We had two cases on the
ship shot through the intestines, but showing no smyp
toms, one case of a man shot through the liver and kidneys,
with no symptoms, and one very remarkable case where
a bullet entered the left chest, passed through the body
and out of the abdomen, went through the air for a foot
or so and landed in the right thigh, about half way to the
knee. The man must have been stooping when the bullet
struck him."
Another case, which caused some discussion among the
surgeons, was that of a man shot through the breast on
the left side, the bullet entering about a quarter of an
inch below the nipple and passing out at the back, shat
tering the shoulder blade. The point of exit showed that
the bullet took an upward course, which made it certain
that it passed very close to the point of the heart; indeed,
It is an open question whether it did not actually pass
through the heart. The doctors are agreed that it passed
through the pericardium, or covering of the heart, and
Major George H. Torney, the surgeon in command of the
Relief, is inclined to believe that the heart itself was pene
trated.
"It Is conceivable." he said, "that a man may live as
this one did, even though a bullet has gonr through his
heart. We must suppose that the bullet struck the heart
(/oetp^n. V. P.; Phillplne Kaplan, R. S. and F.
S. ; Mrs. M. E. Cnrltnn, T.
Ray City Lodge has for officers: C. Scholl
kopf. P.; H. L. Wise. V. P.; Dr. 8. American.
R. S. and F. S.. and Mlbs Jessie I. Dorety, T.
WINNERS OF THE WORLD'S CHESS CHAMPIONSHIP.
Dr. Tarrasch of Germany won first prize and Mr. Pillsbury, representing America, won second prize at the
World's Championship Chess Tournament just finished in Vienna.
THE most closely contested chess tournament for the
world's championship that has ever been seen has
Just closed with great brilliancy In Vienna. America
barely missed winning first honors. One of her rep- i
resentatives, Harry S. Ptllsbury, and Dr. Slgismund
Tarrasch, Germany's great player, kept within half a point !
of each other throughout the long struggle of thirty-eight
rounds. At the close of the series they were tie.
The Judges decided that they should play a match of
four games to decide who should take first and second
prizes. Tarrasch won the first and third games, Pillsbury
the second, and the fourth was draw. Th<? final score was:
Tarrasch, 2*4 ; Pillsbury, lVfc. Tarr_sch received first prize, |
$1500; Pillsbury second, $1000.
Henry N. Pillsbury was born at Somerville. Mass., and
will be 26 years old In December. He became famous as
the winner of the first prize at the Hastings tournament,
defeating the world's champion. Since then he has de
feated Showalter twice for the championship of the United j
States, and now adds to his laurels by hla great fight with
Dr. Tarrasch.
Pillsbury's chief characteristic is his perfect sang froid.
He never slights the ability of his opponent, whom he in
variably sizes up carefully. His style is energetic and very
correct. There are few who equal him in the knowledge
of the openings, and his middle game maneuvering is
superb. His endings are scientifically exact.
Following is his tournament record:
1893— First prize, New York City Club masters' tourna
ment.
1895_First prize, Hastings.
1895— Third prize. St. Petersburg.
IR96— Tied for third place with Tarrasch at Nuremberg.
1896— Third prize at Budapest.
1898— Tied for first place with Tarrasch at Vienna,
Dr. Tarrasch Is Just ten years older than Pillsbury. and
Is a native of Breslau. When only sixteen years of age he
was a good chess player, and exhibited extraordinary in
tellectual endowments. In 18SR. being twenty-three years
of age. he took his degree In medicine. In 1884 took first
prize and secured title of master In Nuremberg. In 188?
played in the Hamburg Chess Congress, in which he showed
By Cleveland Moffett.
just as it was drawn hard together in its closest contrac
tion. It is very likely that if the same bullet had come
when the heart was on the other beat, and therefore dis
tended and softer, it would have been so badly torn that
death would have ensued."
Dr. Gray explained that most of the operations were
performed at night, as the days were crowded full receiv
ing the wounded.
•'Even so. we were not rushed," he said. "On the aver
age we had three or four operations each night, sometimes
as many as six. You see, the emergency work was done
on the field before we received the wounded. We had
plenty of time to work carefully."
"Did you use ether?"
"No; chloroform. It is better on shipboard, as it is
not so inflammable and takes up less space. We had no
deaths from the anesthetic."
"Did you have to operate in bad weather?"
"No, we were fortunate In having a smooth sea; it
would be impossible to operate in a storm; the patients
would have to wait."
"How many nurses had you on board?"
"About thirty — ten men and twenty women. We shall
have a larger proportion of women nurses on the next
cruise." It seemed to be the general opinion among the
doctors that the wounded can get no care like that which
women give. But the doctors are equally positive in de
claring women out of place on the field of battle. "They
can't stand the horrors of It," said Major Torney; "they
are too sensitive."
One of the surprises of this war to the surgeons has
been the failure of the Mauser bullet to do such work of
bone shattering and general destruction as had been proph
esied for it. The result of many experiments made before
the war had been to satisfy experts that this small bullet
with its velocity would do more damage to the human body
than had «ver been done by any other bullet. Mauser bul
lets had been fired Into bags of sand and cans of water and
cadavers with such a splashing and plowing and splinter
ing as to cause them to be looked upon as most formidable
engines of carnage. And yet in real warfare, when prac
tically tested upon the bodies of our men, these bullets
have by no means shown the viciousness expected of them.
"You know they told us," said Dr. Gray, "that the
Mauser bullets would make a small hole where they entered
the body, but would come out through a hole big enough
to put your fist in. Well, nothing of the sort has happened
in ca.ses under our observation. On the contrary the hole
Golden Rule's officers are: Mrs. M. G. Parry,
P. : Mrs. P. Dunzweiler. V. P. : Dr. F. Kemp
Van Ec, R. S. and F. 8., and .7. Dunzweiler. T.
Magnolia TV-dge has for officers: E. J. Stan
ley, P.; Mint Nellie Dockery, V. P.; J. J.
great skill and tied with Blackburne, English, Mason and
Weiss for second place. The five scored 11H points against
Gunsberg, who took first prize with 12 points. Since 1886
Dr. Tarrasch has been a practicing physician In Nurem
berg. First prize in the Breslau Tournament, 1S89; the
Manchester Tournament, 1890, and the tournament in Dres
den, 1892; Leipzig, 1894.
Dr. Tarrasch has the unique reputation of being the
greatest amateur chess player in the world, for he cannot,'
In any sense, be called a professional. As a player he ex
cels In what may be called chess knowledge. Always
analytical, never very brilliant, he plays for a position or
combination that gives safety to his gartie and at the same
time allows him to force his opponent. This short sketch
of the German doctor would be incomplete if we did not
add that he is one of the most genial and gentlemanly
players that ever sat at a board.
D. Janowski, the French champion, who took third prize,
exhibited an ability which marks him as one of the world's
great players. He defeated in successive rounds Pillsbury,
Tschlgorin. Schlffers, Tarrasch, Alapin and Walbrodt. He
Is a dashing player, always dangerous and fights as long
as there is the shade of a chance.
W. Steinitz won fourth prize, C. Schlechter fifth prize,
M. Tschigorin and A. Burn divided sixth honors and P.
Llpke and S. Maroczy seventh honors.
The prizes were awarded as follows: Tarrasch first,
he having beaten Pillsbury in the tie match; Pillsbury
second, Janowski third, Steinitz fourth, Schlechter fifth.
Burn and Tschlgorin divided sixth and seventh. Llpke and
Maroczy divided eighth and ninth and Alapin took the
tenth. The three special prizes for having made the best
scores against the ten prize takers were awarded to Black
burne, who received the first prize of 10 points, Walbrodt
took the second with 7H points and Halprln the third, with
6 points. The three prizes for the most brilliant games
played during the tournament will be awarded later on.
The contestants were: A. Schwartz Sr., C. Schlechter,
H. Fahndrlsh. H. Caro. S. Maroczy. J. W. Showalter, S.
Marco, A. Alapin. J. Halprln. D. G. Balrd, A. Burn. Dr
S. Tarrasch. J. H. Blackburne. H. N. Pillsbury, W. Stein
itz, M. Tschlgorin, D. Janowski, E. Schlffers, P. Llpke.
Hicks. R. S. and F. S., and P. J. Joyce, T.
The number of members who attended
each installation shows that the member
ship has taken a renewed activity In the
Locating Bullets in the Bodies of Wounded Soldiers by the New X Ray
Process.
From a photograph taken on board the United States Hospital Vessel Relief.
of exit has often been quite as small as the hole of entry.
Take that case I mentioned of the man shot through from
side to side, there was no difference in the size of the two
holes, and both were very small.
"They told us, and seemed to prove it by experiment,
that the impact of a Mauser bullet against large bones or
against the skull would cause a frightful splintering of
the bone or cranium. I remember a case where a doctor,
for sake of experiment, fired Mauser bullets into a human
leg only a few minutes after its amputation, and the bul
lets did certainly shatter the bones in a most alarming
way. But in practice, under Spanish fire, the Mauser bul
lets have shown less shattering power than our own Krag-
Jorgensen bullets. Mauser bullets fired into the skulls of
cadavers splintered them into fragments, but Mauser bul
lets fired into the skulls of live Americans in many cases
made only two clean holes."
"And did the men live, shot through the brain?"
"lit one or two cases they did, but most of them diod
from the poisoning of foreign matter brought into the brain
with the bullets. As far as the bone-shattering went they
might ha» r e recovered."
"Have you any theory, doctor, to account for this dif
ference between what was expected of the Mauser bullets
and what was actually done by them?"
"I can only suggest that the trouble may have been with
defective ammunition used by the Spaniards. Perhaps the
bullets were not really driven against us as hard as is sup
posed. You see, Mauser bullets are counted upon to kill
at thirty-five hundred yards, and most of our men w;r>re
wounded at distances varying between five hundred and
one thousand yards. Very few were wounded under fivf>
hundred yards, for the simple reason that when we got as
close as that the Spaniards ran. It is rather odd, but tru \
that Spaniards wounded under the same conditions as our
men usually show worse wounds. This is one of the puz
zles of the war that experts will have to work out."
Lieutenant Colonel Senn. chief of operating staff with
the army In the field, has been with the Relief, and sai's
with her again. Dr. Senn explains the fact that so larp^
a proportion of bullets as 10 per cent remained in the bodi^
of the wounded on the assumption that many of those bul
lets, before striking the bodies In which they lodged, had
been Impeded' or deflected In their course by stones, tref-s.
underbrush, etc., on the field. This would seem to be in
dicated by the bent or flattened condition of many bulle's
found embedded in soft tissues. Dr. Senn sees no reason
to doubt that the modern elongated bullet will become
encysted in the body as readily, perhaps more so. than the
old-fashioned leaden bullet. All patients treated by him
for gunshot wounds in the spine, where the spinal cord was
seriously damaged, have died or will die in the near future
Copyrighted. 1898.
I affairs of the order, and in these large
attendances the grand officers feel a sat
isfaction tnat before their term ofot
flee closes there will be a marked Increase
in the muster roll of each lodge. At each
Installation there was served up a cona
tion.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
On the night of the 4th inst. Court
Inter Nos gave a social in Alcazar Social
Hall to its many friends and to the mem
bership of Inter Nos Circle in particular.
The several committees that had charge
of the affair were very attentive to their
respective duties, and each did the ut
most to make the event a most enjoyable
one. After the dancers had enjoyed
themselves for a time they were invited
to the banquet-room, where they were
served a collation. The committee of ar
rangements was: T. F. Blake Joseph J.
Harrington. J. B. Fleming H. Hansen
and F. Pinkham. H. P. Coyle was the
floor manager and J. W. Sparrow his as-
Sl Th"c n foHowtng officers of Court Stanford
were installed last week: F. L. Noregia.
C. R ■ W. Borkheim, S. C. R.; S. Gardner.
S. W.; J. Lucas. J. W.; G. A. Trautner,
R. S.; A. Stein, S. B. ; and N. Ayo J. B.
The event was followed by a high jinks.
Court Stonewall was organized last
week at Phoenix, Arizona, by C. A. Culp^
and then instituted by A. Orflla, P. G C.
R assisted by members of Court Buckey
O'Nell. C. A. Culp is the junior past
chief: A. J. Stoner. chief; and L. C. Ken
nev. financial secretary.
Court Tucson celebrated Foresters day
on the 15th Inst. by a grand ball at Phoe
nix, and the members of Courts Buckey
O'Neil and Stonewall took part.
COMPANIONS OF THE F. OF A.
Pride of the Forest Circle gave a party
in Myrtle Hall, Potrero, last Tuesday
night, end all who participated had an
enjoyable evening.
Loyal Circle of Oakland will give "an
evening at home" on the 2t»th inst.
The entertainment that was to have
been given by the unmarried ladies of
Robin Hood Circle this month has been
postpones until the last meeting in Sep
tember, on account of the death of a rel
ative of one of the ladies who was to take
part in the affair. The committee that
has charge of the entertainment to be
given on the 31st inst. has concluded all
the arrangements. There will be a good
programme and then a dance.
The picnic of Inter Nos Circle, on the
28th inst., will, from all appearances,
prove a great success. There are a large
number of prizes to be contested for. Miss
Hajncle Forrest, chief companion of this
circle, was at her station last Wednesday,
having returned from a two weeks' va
cation in Calistoga and vicinity.
ORDER OF CHOSEN FRIENDS.
Grand Councilor Boehm and Grand Re
corder Wallis left this city on th«> 14th
for an extended tour In the northern
part of the State. On the 13th they will
be In Nevada City and then they will
make visits as follows: On the 16th. Oro
ville; 17th. Sierra City; ISth. Forest City;
19th. Grass Valley; 20th. Forest Hill: 22d.
Marysvllle: 24th, lone; 25th, Jackson: 26th.
Sutter Creek.
At the regular monthly social of Social
Council given in Red Men's Hall the fol
lowing programme was carried out to the
satlcfaction of a large audience: Vocal
solo, T. H. Mathlas; skirt dance. Anita
Snook; instrumental duet. Ella and Alice
Cochrane; vncal solo, Phillip Snook: bone
solo, M. F. Ferven; vocal jjplo, Mr. Col
lins, and an address by W. F. Gibson.
The committee that had charge of the
very pleasant affair was composed ot
Mesdames Baccus, Adams, Garbarino
and A. G. Baker.
Last Tuesday night American Coun
cil celebrated its eighteenth anniver
sary by an entertainment and ball in Al
cazar Social Hall. The hall was W*U
filled with members and friends, and the
committee of arrangements. oimposiM
of Mesdames F. M. Morais. J,. M. Pfaen
dler, M. E. Elliott, Flora Newton. Anna
Hannlsch. Dora I-eisen, A. BurtaMUn
and C. Beer, presented an enjoyahlo pro
gramme that entertained for more than
an hour, that included an address by
State Senator E. I. Wolfe: recitation.
"The Maine," Thomas Lubln; fancy
I dance. Hattie Wright: instrumental pp
j lections, Mr. Klumpe and Dr. Douglass;
i fancy dance, Frances Buckland; piano
i duet, Frank Hannich and Miss Nickel
son; vocal solo, Mrs. C. Beer, and a piano
solo by R. Pfaendler. After the render
ing of the programe there was a dance
and a very toothsome collation. A. Pfaen
dler was the director of the dance.
NATIONAL UNION.
Yosemlte Council held an Interesting
meeting- last Monday night in Forest
ers' building. Two new members were
admitted, the president and the vice-pres
dent of the cabinet assisting in the Ini
tiatory work. It was decided to remit the
dues for six months of the member bring
ing in the greatest number of members
by the Ist of next January, and the dues
for three months of the member bringing
in the second greatest number. The coun
cil was visited by Senator Field, who
having just returned from the session of
the Senate at Lake George, N. V., gave
an account of what took place there
President Hastings of the cabinet con
gratulated the council on the boom it is
experiencing, and urged it on in its good
work. President F. Bell of Union Coun
cil, who was a charter member of Yo
semite, told of the early history of that
body, which was organized sixteen years
ago. President Arter of Golden Gate
Council also had something to say, and
he was followed by other speakers. In
addition there was music and songs, a
high jinks, and a nberal supply of first
class cigars. This council, the smallest
numerically, is big in activity.
California Council on last Tuesday night
initiated five candidates, and then had a
programme of entertainment under good
of the order, to show the new members
what a sociable organization California
Council is.
ANCIENT ORDER OF FORESTERS.
Court Twin Peaks expects to initiate
several candidates at its next meeting.
After the regular business. Dr. Thomas
will lecture on disease germs and illus
trate the same with charts and exhibit
interesting specimens under the micro
scope. .. - '• '-
On the Sth inst. High Chief Ranger Max
Boehm, accompanied by Deputy High -4
Chief Ranger Henderson, Permanent Sec
retary Falconer and the board of deputies
paid a visit to Court Alliance, which had
a pleasant evening in celebration of the
eighth anniversary of Its institution.
During the week the high chief ranger
visited Courts Bohemian and Star of the
Mission and at each witnessed the initia
tion of candidates.
High Court Treasurer George W. Lunt
is confined to his home by illness.
During the current month the hi.eh
chief ranger will make official visits 'as
follows: August 17. Sierra City; August
25, Jackson: August 26. Butter Creek, and
August 29. Reno, New
, INDEPENDENT FORESTERS.
At the meeting of Court Verb* Buena
August 9. a number of changes to
the by-laws v , re proposed and adopt
ed. The sens* of the eowrt was taken on
the proposition to admit women' to mem
bership. The opinion was against the
proposition, but the , -.:--. favored admit
ting them : ■■• sodal members.
The matter of admitting: women to
membership In the <VrQ>r Will be brought
up at the sessWvn <>f the Supreme Court,
which Is to meet In Tox-onto on the 23d
inst.
S High Chief Kirs- . ■ v v.-,.,-<.vv .-,.,-<. v and Ben
I.Salmon chief deputy high ohicf ranger,
left last Monday to nit^nd the Supreme
Court session, .v,- pomin xvHl have, six
representatives m that lwd\\
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
Sherwood Circle will give a party on the
evening of September Mk
On the ISth mat. all the supreme grand
ortloers took part tn Oakland in the insti
tution of RnaresbonvUßh Circle. After
the ceremony there was a banquet that >
was a banquet In every sense of the -.->
word.
Five of " the oflleers of Liberty Circle
•■■'••;;•
Continued on Page 32.NEW THEATERS, NEW PLAYS
AND
THE NEW SEASON.
T ;is'- riaiy n matter of a short time
I.'-' wheja-.San Francisco will be one of
Vt !io-\varintst show towns on the con
. v;in so far as variety of enter
.: :it and number of theaters
".- -'thj'.-r- w4ll.be courting public favor are;
'. : hied. Aside from the old regu- j
:tef;.houses : ..thfit will open for the new sea
son we ;if(- to have in the New Alhambra !
;'£.3iikh''Wne'd' vaudeville house, cond
«.n .. tW .' nines' that have won success In
ast-imd Eiirope, with the difference j
• ■■Vies will be about one-quarter
: ttiey are In the metropolis. The en
..•terprise' is being promoted by a number
•: well-known business men. who are
tanti&lly backing their judgment that
■ ;«inusemeht of this kind will find ready
-odicoura&jement In Ban Francisco. That
is a -large 'number of people in this
'.Vity ' who . prefer their entertainment in
smati; '.assorted packages and of good
:. quality js demonstrated by the great pop
\Ukjr_ity of the Orpheum; but whether
'there exists a sufficient number of thea
.'ter-goo.fs'of this class to properly support
r such houses remains to be
mined.- -.Thepromoters oi the venture say
•'Jhey ftave- no doubts on this point, and
ible that, notwithstanding the!
difiicuitY ■•■:' estal lishing a new playhouse i
:."4n Cl /critical town, they will find the j
required .niche in the hearts of the peo-
Pit;.- . ' .-.
• Ano.ther row candidate for public appre
.jpiatlpn' is the rehabilitated and former
■ prime f tish, which will open
September 3 as th< N- w Comedy Thea
.ter...-'.M. B. Leavitt, who made a fortune
lays, believes that a
tsom'e' shov ad a general va
wlll induce the pub
.".nc.tp re'tui • section of the city
• • • imusement.
- .c. .the palmy days of the Bush condi
tlictreabouts In some respects have
. I, the "life" of the city
ly moved westward along
; -main; thoroughfare. However, all
■ : points have been considered by the
. :hkl as there is no handicap in the
tor easily reaching
w playhouse, its future will depend
of the attractions offered.
the house are booked
.'■' : ;;;> to next April, and include
y-."Ktnd of- popular entertainment.
'r'ninciscans are certainly promised
.. their share of good things In
• ra. In addition to the excellent
w being given at the Tiv
ia to be a season of Italian
Opera, beginning in March next,
eighteen performances.
The". company will lie headed by Mine.
. i. ' : vy!iois greatly admired here, and
ime "f the best talent of
..<e: Aniong these are M. Bonnard,
o.( the Brussels Royal Opera Com-
Signor Pandolfini, his alternate;
-Kraus, the great German basso;
' ?,lm.\ 'Gadski, lyric Boprano, and Mile.
■.'fcuss ■ . merican girl who has won
is-in Paris. ..ille. Behnne, a famed
i ■' ii-i-mah .'contralto, will be the leading
p.iupp minor artists are of hlgn
repute-In their class. The company will
members, and is to contain a
magnificent chorus of picked voices.
Mj iba's theory as to where to find the
n "f her splendid tal
< Indicated by the fact that she will
•ut three presentations in New York.
may be a "jay town." but it seems
fftal th" top-notchers overlook the alle
,-gatibn and choose it as a field not alone
fgr artistic triumphs but for the rich re
wards their merits deserve. Mmc, Melba
• \vij, receive a welcome to make her heart
The lorn! attractions tn be presenter!
. foi ■ ling week are: "Heartsease"
Baldwin by the Frohman Com
. including Henry Miller and Maud
grand opera, "La Gioconda."
■ c Tivoll: "On Probation," a comedy
m by the Frawiey Company at the
I. •••.vis Morrison and the stock
In The Merchant of Venice"
azar; a new play. "The Ordeal
sters." at Morocco's: some new.
bright stars at the Orpheum.
actions at the Chutes and
The BaldWirv
ng-expected reopening of the
ter will take place to-mor
when a season of twelve
tha will begin. The Initial presen
by the well-known and
• r in romantic roles. Henry
. Miller; who will come h. r>> supported by
■ carefully selected by Charles
At the head of the list of
(tins: players will appear Mabel
i ert.'and am/mg others to Lend their aid
ctions of "Hearts-
t"he Master" and "A Marriage
nee" successes, are Arthur El
[>tt;-Augustus <'ouk. Charles B. Wells.
en, Earl Browne, George
Spear, James A. Leahy,
: ■ Margaret l>ale, Laura Clem
and-"-Ellen Mortimer.
;• Is pronHsed that '•Heartsease" will
\ c "the" Eatna elaborate and complete
i that made it so surcesful in
W>r.k.'vl.t Is the joint work of Alfred
iein; the librettist, and J. I. C. Clark.
Bi"Kew'"-Y6rk Journalist. It is In four
. -.-, :;-!-.;V in the romantic style. Mr. Mil-
Jaiy.s' : th« part of Eric Templi-. a
ungWi'tisician who has written a new
■■:..;. ...■> ■; '.about the same time falls
: . ;r>'lr ■in love with the daughter
. iin'jlilerrian. His opera is stolen by
a rival siiitar for the young lady's hand,
. fa the object of his love
;'t-hfoug!hV-ti>e : infatuation of the fair one's
. t h'er-- = f or him. All the crushing
'l.loivs f-imie . upon the ambitious ;i;i<l
r.n.j'.rfui' i -rnusiririn suddenly, and with
wfGckfed health and a breaking heart he
p!< ■;;; r's: .When he returns it Is to
: heaui'-t-ftc nielodies of his stolen opera
xweaVing :h"ia. rival's fame, and to .earn
tha;t= 'i.h>>.- thief Is about to maki> the
no^lfirhi n ' s daughter his bride. It is a
grea : t: scene- in which Eric Temple awak-
•; ■:.'■■;'■ '/• : 'k; AMUSEMENTS. •
-ACgAZAR THEATER.
" Fred; "fieJasco",. Lessee; Mark Thall, Mgr.
". ■" : ' --ii-V-j^N'Io'HT — LAST TIME
Love.
:_;-ro^&pOW (MONDAY) NIGHT—
■•'•' ' ' : ' i.^r .v. <_ MIND LMST
;.. ... iDin v\;EEK OF 31
■"."'■ -Superb 'Spectacular Production of
Itie Merchant
• '■'..'.■■' ■ • •
M Venice . . .
' : PROFESSIONAL MATINEE THURSDAY.
iV CiiUJTES AND ZOO.
'•• ' ••EVEKY 'AFTERNOON^ AND EVENING.
: - • GREAT BILL
:r v : IN THE FREE THEATER!
. : :-. DoftjnnTng MONDAY. August 22,
. -El ■\\~lk' )i. = '"X.ANG, the '•Poetical Tramp";
•■'-EL'-NiNO EDDY; BELL & DALTON, and
--• "• • -""New Moving Pictures!
.'■■;■•• :'.vr.^rf-Tni: camera obscura.
.Bee..-f}ulJt< f na-.Bnd Her Baby Lions In the Zoo.
the-."QoMeB Vampire": GARDEN &
■-■ " ■.•HI-XT; ARTURO SALVINI.
-CANN-6N IS- AS. CORPULENT AS EVER!
4-.. 10c'; Including Zoo and Theater; Children sc;
. Sundays, and -Holidays. 10c.
". \ ;•*:****•**••* •••••***••
V.. | ■ ALHAmBRA *
-.- ".J- Saturday, September 8d J
i! . ■***^**** ♦* ** *********
■ns to a realization that it is his stolen
nusic he Is listening to, and when he
earns from the tr.mbling lips of his
onner fiancee that the opera, in progress
ias been written by his rival, nis fren
led indignation whirls him beyond self
•ontrol. and In a moment he is at his
ival'B throat and hurls him t<> the
'round All this happens in the foyer of
'he opera house. The young musician
lucceeds in exposing the rascal ; love tri
imphs and the musician, wins the wife
o Becure whom he has braved and suf
ered so much.
•'Heartsease" will be given for the first
vee"k of Mr. Miller's engagement only,
with a matinee Saturday. The bill for
his second week will be "The Master."
Jhe Golumbia.
"Trtlhy." as presented by the specially
enlarged Frawley company, was not only
artistic and highly entertaining? but it
drew fine houses throughout the week.
A comedy-drama, "On Probation," new
to San Francisco, will be the bill begin
ning to-morruw night. It is by Brander
Matthews and George H. Jessop, authors
ot "A Gold Mine." if! which Nat Go
had one of his successes. The play is the
opposite of "Aristocracy," as the motive
is to ridicule thai class <>;' rich and idiotic
Americans who fall down and worship
any one that comes to them with a title,
whether it is inherited, purchaw
stolen. The scenes art.- laid in Paris, and
the plot centers in a group of Americans
who are there ostensibly for pleasure.
Mr. Bilsbee, a ilirtatluus and cxci edlngly
gay American, is in love with the heroine,
Miss Marlow. She puts him "on proba
tion" for a given time with the intent to
reform him and become his wife. The
series of dangerous situations in whtcn
it •■ young man succeeds in getting !n in
self during this probationary period bring
about some exceedingly amusing situa
tions which the company is well equipped
to artistically portray.
The cast of the piece will include Karra
Kenwyn, Fanchon Campbell, Eleanor
Carey Adora Andrews. Eva Dennison,
Theodore Roberts. Edward M. Bell. John
T Burke. ..tfred Hickman. Robert Cr.
Wilson, Louis Payne and Edward G. Con-
Following "On Probation" the Frawley
company will present "The Rajah. "
The /\!cazar.
The revival of several ■ popular reper
toire plays at the Alcazar has resulted in
a good week's business. To-morrow
night Mr. Morrison will begin his four
teenth and farewell week, and tt is only
proper to say that he will be greatly
missed by his many admirers. Mr. Mor
rison's closing play will be a spectacular
production of "The Merchant of V<
On Thursday afternoon a profi-ssioinal
matinee will be given; <m the evening Of
that same day there will be a presenta
tion to tha-t popular actor of a handsome
! COLUMBIA thki™!
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
T the FRAWLEY COMPANY
| —IN — '
t "TRILBY."
I BEGINNING TO-MORROW, Ilth Week
I OF THE—
{ FRAWLEY CO.
T FIRST TIME IN THIS CITY,
i V..M. H. CRANE'S COMEDY
ON PROBATION,
* By the Authors of "A GOLD MINE." ■
* PRETTILY STAGED. EFFECTIVELY CAST. !
'•'• It's a Story of an American and His
I Money Abroad.
i _«-»-«-»-»-*-*--»-»-*-*--»-»-»
— ' ' " . ,
MATINEE TO- DAY (SUNDAY), Auk. 21.
Week Commencing MONDAY, Auk. 22:
CHARLES BARON and Troupe' of Trained
Great Danes; Elsie Adalr, Comedienne; . Chan.
Case, Monologulst; BIOGRAPH, Thrilling War J
Scenes; MME. VARY, World-Famous Prlma j
Donna; The Hejtelmanns. Europe's Greatest
Aeriallsts; Grant & Norton, refined comedy
sketch; Mcßrlde & Goodrich, clog dances and
songs; Lillian Burkhart and company. In a
new sketch— "The Salt Cellar"; the Macorte
Sisterp. thrlllin* wire act
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, ArGLST 21, 1893.
wreath of solid silver and gold. This
token is on behalf of the management.
who generously" recognize the merited
! success of his engagement.
Tn the staging of "The Merchant of
i Venice" the Alcazar people ha%'e prom- j
I ised something surpassing any of the
picturesque plays which the Morrison
I season has shown us. The robes of the
players have been purposely made for the |
j occasion; not a particle of old scenery j
will be used, and everything will be new
and appropriate. The players who will :
; surround the star in his role of Shylock j
| have been carefully selected. They com- |
I prise the best of the Alcazar stock, with i
a large auxiliary force. "The Merchant .
of Venice" has been played in this
city by many good people heretofore at
prices greatly In advance of those so
popular at the Alcazar.
Mr. Morrison, In making his debut In
this character, promises, so tar as ac
cessories are concerned, "an Irving pro
duceion" In completeness. The part
should prove congenial to him.
J^orosco 3.
To-morrow nipht nt Morosco's Grand
Opera-house a new play l.y tocal authors
will receive its initial production. It is a
five-act sensational melodrama, with the
tin. of "Ordeal of Two Bisters," and is
from the- pen of Dr. D. T. Callahan, well
known in local financial and literary cir
cles. Louis A. Imhaus, late stage direc
tor of the Grand, has collaborated with
the author in perfecting the drama, and
will direct Its production, a fact that will
Insure accurate presentation in every de
tail Dr. Callfthan is the author of "The
Legion of Honor," which was produced
at the Baldwin Theater a number or
years ago, and which still enjoys popular
ity The play is extremely sensational
In its situations and the lines are said to
De U n to the recognised mcloararoauc
standard. The scene opens at the Cav
endish residence, I-ifth avenue. New
V.irk City. Cavendish, the millionaire
father of the two sisters, who afterward
have the "ordeal." is murdered by Rufus
Spencer, a blackleg from the West.
This worthy is in evidence throughout
AMUSEMENTS.
-~-~-^-*-*-T
BALDWIN THEATER. "
MONDAY, Aug. 22— Mat Saturday. »
CHAS. FROHMAN PRESENTS !£
Mff- HENRY I
MILLER i
IN THE ROMANTIC COMEDY
IN FOUR ACTS ....
(First Time Here), "
HEARTSEASE.
By CHARLES KLEIN and J. I. C. CLARKE, *
As Given for Over 100 Nljhts at the *
Garden Theater. New York. .;■"; ..
NEXT | Second week of HENRY MILLER *
WEEK | First time here "THE MASTER" L
_ # ._*_«— *_-X—X— *-*-*— *—X—*—*—*
UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY, AUGUST 20-21.
BIG OPEN STAKE— THE CRACKS of THE
COAST.
BIG MONEY IN PRIZES !
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets— Satur-
day, 1 p. m. : Sunday, 11 a. m., 12 m., 1 and 2
p. nj. Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets live
minutes later. Returning leaves Park Imme-
diately after last course.- Extra train from
Park on Sunday, 4:45 p. m. San Mateo electric
cars every ten minutes.
ADMISSION, 25 CENTS:, LADIES, FREE. ;,
*****•"****• •*•• *•••*•
{ ALHAmBRA }
£ Saturday, September 3d }
******* ***** *■*** *****
the drama, depicting villainy of the
darkest and most vivid description.
Krank, the scapegrace son, is falsely ac
cused of the murder and becomes a fugi
tive. The fortune of the millionaire has ;
suddenly been swept away, and the moth- ,
et and "two sisters go forth to struggle
with poverty and the cold world. The
rieissitudes and trials that overtake them :
•epresent the "ordeal."
Included in the scenic production are a
thrilling double tire scene, with a real
=team fire engine urawn by two beautiful i
lorses; Brooklyn bridge and the moving I
shipping of New York harbor. Central ;
Park by moonlight, etc. Good comedy j
md specialties are expected to round out
1 successful production.
Jhe TiVoli.
The Tivoli Opera-house will present,
luring the fourth week of Its highly suc
:essful grand opera season, Ponchielli's
•omantic creation. "La Gioconda," begin
-ilng to-morrow night. There will be a I
special Saturday matinee, and on Sunday |
light next, by recpuest. Gounod's master- !
jiece, "Faust," will be sung.
"La Gioconda" is one of the most sue- i
-essful of all modern grand operas. Its I
powerful plot irf taken from the same
source as that ot' the popular drama.
"The Lion's Mouth." The score is full of
beautiful solos, duets, ensembles and
! finales. There will be two excellent alter
i nating casts, including Rhys Thomas and
i Sig. Zerni as the gallant young Genoese
nobleman. Enzo: Sig. Maurice de Vries
i and William Pruette, the devilish spy,
j Barnaba; Sig. Wanrell ar.d William
' Schusteras, Alvise Badoero: Anna Lich
ter and Carrie Roma, as the bewitching
'■ballad singer Gioeonda: Mary Llnck, as
her devoted blind mother, La Cleca; and
i Elvia Crox as the haughty Laura. Now
scenery, correct costumes and accessories
have been prepared.
Great preparations are being made for
presentations of "Mignon." Rlgoletto."
AMUSjrfaiiiNTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine. Krellng, Proprietor and Manager.
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON!
TO-NIGHT at * 7:50 O'Clock— LAST NIGHT
"LOHENGRIN."
Splendid Cast— Enlarged ' Augmented
Orchestra of 30.
COMMENCING TO-MORROW EVENING
Six Nißhts Only. Saturday Matinee.
"LA GIOCONDA." the Success of Last Season.
Sunday Evening............ "FAU5T."
Popular prices, 25 and 50c. N. B.— A re-
served seat for the Matinee. 25c. Telephone,
Bush 9. .. . ■ ■■ - -
\
EXCURSION RATES ON RAILROADS
nfl\fTFAlh To EXHIBIT
Llulil to ATTEND
.SECRETARY. Jrfita. l
"Pagliacci," "Cavalleria Rusticana
"Luoretia Borgia" and "La Boheme. In
"Mlgnon" three prima donnas will ap
pear, and In the grand double bill every
member of the company will sing
nightly. Marie Brandis has played in this
opera 'throughout Europe with great suc
cess. The original scoring of "The Queen
of Sheba" by Goldmark has been se
cured.
jKe OrpKeum.
The Orpheum's new bill has several at
tractive features. Charles Baron, the
animal king, has been brought direct from
Berlin. He comes with a troupe of trained
Great Dane dogs, which It is claimed is
the best of its kind in the world. A feat
ure of the act of these knowing canines
is a burlesque on lion-taming. Several of
the big Danes are dressed with head and
mane to imitate lions, and the clown puts
them through a course of training. They
are said to do some very funny things.
Miss Elsie Adair. whose two years' tour
of China, Japan and Slam has just termi
nated, will appear in songs, including sev
eral that are quite new to San Francisco.
Charles Case, a popular Eastern mono
loguist, appears In his funny sayings and
pongs. The biograph, the best of all the
projectoscope machines, returns for a
short engagement. Many of the scenes
and events that have greatly thrilled the
entire nation are pictured. Roosevelt's
Rough Riders, Shatter's men landing
at Santiago, the wreck of the Vizcaya
and other interesting views are offered.
Mine. Tavary, who has attracted so much
attention, will appear in a new repertoire.
Mlsh Lillian Hurkhart, the clever comedi
enne, la retained; so are Mcßride. and
Buckley. The Macarte sisters will appear
In an entirely new act. in which they in
troduce a demons' dance on the high wire.
It Is reported to be even more sensational
than anything they have yet been seen
in. The Hegelmanns, who have scored
such a success, are retained. Matinees
Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
GKutes and Zoo.
Nothing poems too good in the way of
amusement for the Chutes patrons. Ine
latest case in point is a monster alligator,
twelve feet in length and weighing 500
pounds, brought from Tampa, Fla. He
was Immediately named Hobson, because
he Is a "corker."
In the Free Theater, Edwin R. Lang,
the "poetical tramp." has delighted the
audience every afternoon and evening.
He will change his remarks and songs
next week, as will also Bell and Daiton,
very amusing German knockabout come
dians. El Nido Eddy will perform some
n»>w and startling feats on the bounding
ivire and there will be many changes in
the moving pictures, a series of scenes
-SjV AMUSEmJSJMTB.
CENTRAL PARK^g!!^^
TO-NIGHT an d Every Evening at 8:30 O'Clook!
A KIT! A HIT! ' A PALPABLE HIT! Nothing Like it Ever Witnessed In San
Francisco! An Immense Audience Wild With Enthusiasm Over
Lary's Gorgeous, Scenic, Pyrotectinical Spectacle,
Illustrating ADMIRAL DE WE Y'S Splendid Victory!
Also Showing in Mammoth Stage Settings
THE HARBOR OF HAVANA! MORO CASTLE! INTERIOR OF FORT CAVITE!
BFATIFUL I A LETS i BEAUTIFUL FIREWORKS I
The Largest Amusement Enterprise Ever Presented on the Pacific Coast. .
General Admission 25c. Reserved Seats 50c.
All Seats Under Cover and Sheltered From Cold Draughts.
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY, AUGUST 21. AT 3:30 P. M.
BID CAVILL. the Australian Champion, and-
ROO B. CORNELL. Pacific Coast Champion,
WILL SWIM AROUND SEAL ROCKS.
Starting from West Side Sutro Baths and Go-
ing Around Seal Rocks and Returning
to Sutro Baths.
FOR A PURSE OF $500. *
W&> Also, IMMENSE AQUATIC BILL!
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. sc. ■"
HI VMDIi Eddy,' cor. Mason— Last week of
ULIITIriATHE . GREAT ROYAL TOKIO
ACROBATIC WONDERS. Japan's most Skilled
Balancers, Jußglers and Acrobats; DARRELL
& MILLER. ROCKWELL. ROYCE SISTERS
and others. . Admission . free. Matinee Sunday.
***♦ *••** *♦*•* ■;
| ALHAmBRA J.
;* ' ' Saturday, September 3d J
having just been imported from Paris.
New performers will be Garden and Hunt,
said to be clever, refined musical artists:
Arturo Salvini, a lyric tenor, who comes
highly recommended, and Busch. the
"Golden Vampire," who made a great hit
with his contortion work at the Chutes
two years ago. Henri Maurice Cannon,
the largest lump of humanity on earth,
still continues to receive, and the camera
obscura, on top of the chutes, promises to
become a, great attraction.
jKc Oivjmpia.
The Olympia Music-hall has brought
i Kelly and Violet from New York for a
limited engagement. They appear in de
scriptive songs and duets, and are said to
be very clever. This will be the last week
of the Royal Tokio Acrobats, who have
been a great drawing card. Miss Maude
j Rockwell, Royce sisters, Anita Lamont
', and others complete the bill.
NeW /\lhambra.
ot the most beautiful and comfortable
houses devoted to vaudeville in America.
The management promises a series of the
most famous stars, and express the full
est confidence In ultimate success; Del
Puonte, the noted barytone, and dancing
Corinne, so well known here, will be
among the opening attractions. The or
chestra should be a good one by reason
of the fact that it will be under the direc
tion of William J. Rostetter. for many
years with Koster & Bial of New York.
People ar\d plays.
Carrie Roma will reapnear at the Tiv
oli as La Gioconda. The role of the bal
lad singing gypsy suits her voice nicely.
The "Tarantella," under the direction
of Miss Stochmeyer, will be danced in" the
first act of "La Gioconda" at the Tivoli.
There are but three more weeks to the
Frawley season at the Columbia Theater.
"On Probation" will be followed by "The
Rajah."
Signor Maurice de Vries sang Barnata,
the spy, in "La Gioconda." with great
success the first time the opera was sung
in London.
It is rumored that Camille d'Arville will
leave the opera stage in a few weeks and
go into vaudeville with a musical comedy,
production.
De Wolff Hopper will produce a new
comic opera at Montreal on August 29. It
is in three acts and is entitled "The
Charlatan." Sousa and Klein are re
sponsible for it.
"Carmen" will be sung at the Tivoli
shortly. It will have two excellent casts
—Mary Linoh and Carrie Roma as the
cigarette girl, and Anna Lichter and Ei
via Crox as Mfchaela.
The quintet of stars in the new military
playi "Yankee Doodle Dandy," is com
posed of Etlna Wallace Hopper, Madge
Lessing, Thomas Q. Seabrooke, Walter
Jones and Julius Steger.
Mascagnl's new Japanese opera, "Iris."
will receive its first performance on or
about October 14 at S» Teatro Constanzi,
Rome, where "CavallerJa Rusticana" and
other Mascagni operas were first pro
duced.
Lessee Fred Belasco returned from New
York City Wednesday. His trip was
highly successful. He has secured sev
eral very capable players for the new
Alcazar company, also the Belasco-Thall
MRS. ANNA YON MEYERINCK
Has Reopened Her
SCHOOL OF MUB I€
For Voice Culture and Piano.
COMPLETE CONSERVATORY OOURBBB,
Including Instruction in Harmony, Theory.
Chorus and Si*ht Singing, Ensemble Playing,
Languages anil Physical Culture.
Special Preparation for Church Choir Work
(weekly rehearsals with the choir of Park Con-
gregational Church).
Lectures on Musical Topics.
TERMS FOR FULL COURSE OF FIFTY
WEEKS. $75 (payable in monthly Installments
of $6 25).
Private Instruction, $15 and $20 per month".
Special Seminary Courses for Teachers.
COACHING for LIGHTER and GRAND
OPERA by MRS. HENRI FAIRWEATHER.
Further Particulars may be obtained at the
school, B*l Fulton st.. San Francisco-. Recep-
tion houre, 12-2 dally.
road company. Mr. Belaaco has ob
tained the coast rights to a number of
leading Eastern successes, which will be
put on in rapid succession at the Alca
zar.
Christine Nilsson Invested some of her
savings in American real estate, which
soon rose in value. The other day she
disposed of her last holding in Boston,
consisting of mercantile houses, which
brought over $150,000.
Wolodia Roujitsky is the name of the
latest child pianist. He gives concerts
abroad, assisted by a harpist. Frauleln
Flugge, who, although onr- 16 years old,
is said to take rank already with the
most distinguished harpists of the day.
In Cologne, her native town, she is
known as a composer.
Edward M. Bell will play E. H. Soth
ern's original part in the Frawley com
pany's production of "An Enemy to the
King." A great duel, with two swords in
the nands of each of the combatants, Is
one of the closing scenes of the drama.
Bell is giving much attention at present
to the handling of the sword.
Francis Wilson's new opera, to be pro
duced at the Broadway Theater. New
York. September 19, is entitled "The Little
Corporal." and is the work of Harry B.
Smith and Ludwig Englander. The com
pany will include Lulu Glazer. John
Brand. Denis O'Sulllvan of San Francisco.
Louis Casavant and Lillian Berrl.
The number of musical performances
?iven in Berlin may be inferred from the
act that in Bechstein Hall alone about
200 concerts were given last season. "Mu
sical critics in Berlin, of course, receive
a salary of $20,000 a year; at any rate,
they ought to," observes the musical edi
tor of the New York Evening Post.
Friedlander, Gottlob & Co. have just
signed a contract for the appearance of
Nance O'Neill, supported by the McKee
Rankin Company, at the Columbia Thea
ter in the near future. The name of
Nance O'Neill has been on the lips of
Eastern theater goers incessantly during
the past season, due to her magnificent
work.
Modjeska Is at San Diego, and is utiliz
ing the Fisher Opera House in that city
for the preparation of her coming produc
tions. Those will include "Magda." "Mary
Stuart." "Macbeth." "Camille," "As You
Like It" and "Antony and Cleopatra."
Tho last-named piece will be given prob
ably the most gorgeous presentation ever
seen on the American stage.
Mme. Scalchi is to be at the head of a
concert company which is to begin a sea
son of twenty-five weeiis in the principal
American cities aiout the middle of Oc
tober. The members of her company will
be Miss Helene Noldi, soprano; Codurri
Canzio. tenor; Achille Aiberti. barytone,
and Marcello Lobardi, musical director.
Acts from oneras will make up part of the
company's repertory.
Modjeska is at present selecting tne
members of her company tor the coming
season. The great Polish actress is in
the best of nealth and spirits, and her
many admirers will be astonished by the
notable amount of new life which she in
fuses into her work. A big production of
"Adrienne Lecouvre" is to be a feature
of her repertoire at the Baldwin.
The four Cohans, well known in this
city, have made a big hit in their latest
farcical sketch. "Running for Office." The
Philadelphia papers of last week speak
of it in flattering terms. They will nro
duce it at Keith's in that city the week
of September 12. George M. Cohan, the
author of the sketch, will elaborate it
Into a three-act farce, and the family
will jointly star in it the following sea
son.
Hall Came. the famous Manx novelist,
will visit America early in September and
will remain here till after the production
of his new play, "The Christian." He
will come as the guest of Miss Viola Al
len. The presence of the author of "The
Christian in America at this time will
lend additional Importance to the produc
tion of this great story in dramatic form.
Mr. Calne will be accompanied by Mrs.
Calne.
Sarah Bernhardt's London engagement
has been extraordinarily successful, ana
her endurance is as wonderful as ever.
One of her programme consisted of Oc
tave Feuillefs three-act comedy, "Julie,
a piece full of morbid passion, and "La
Femme de Claude.' She played both
heroines without a trace of exhaustion.
At latest accounts she was to give a
series of "flying matinees" in the prin
cipal towns of England and Scotland.
Many Italians of the younger genera
tion had their first opportunity on June Id
of hearing Adelaide Ristori on the stage.
Notwithstanding her age and her infirm
ity, she made the trip to Turin, where she
recited the fifth canto of Dante's "Infer
no" at the Carignano Theater. Though
her voice was weak, the dramatic genius
which had made her world-famed still an
imated her delivery, and made the audi
ence wild with enthusiasm. The actress
made a short speech, in which she said
that she would remember this occasion to
her grave, which was not far off.
That the Chinese play fad is not dead
is evidenced by the fact that "A Celestial 0
Maiden," the work of Charles Ulrich, a
well known local newspaper man, is to
open its second season on the road at
"Woodland on September 5. The play was
produced with success at Oakland in
July, 1597, and since that time has been
presented 169 times, in all the principal
cities of the coast and Middle West. Its
reception everywhere was such that man
agers are now requesting return dates.
The play has been booked solid for twen
ty-five weeks in the leading cities of the
Pacific Coast.
Much has been heard of late of an ex
traordinary creature named Diligentl. She
used to act in barns with vagabond play
ers. She has recently drawn great crowds
in Monte Carlo. One of her roles Js Ham
let. She is said to be ugly and old and of
unwieldy dimensions, but she electrifies
her hearers. Her rendering of Hamlet
was a revelation to the oldest play-goers.
As Queen Elizabeth in an old-fashioned
melodrama, which concludes with the
death of the Queen, deserted by her cour
tiers, after her discovery that Essex had
indeed sent her the ring. La Diligent! rose
to unparalleled tragic heights. Her ef
fects of horror were bloodcurdling.
Howard Paul has compiled for th«
Home Journal some facts and figures re
garding the system of subvention in
France. The total amount given annual
ly by the Government is $326,000. The
Grand Opera receives $160,00ft v the Opera
Comlque $60,000, the Comedie Francaise
$40,000 and the Odeon $20,000. In addition
the sum of $38,600 is appropriated toward
the maintenance of the Conservatoire.
After a thorough examination of the sys
tem of state-aided theaters, Mr. Paul
reaches the conclusion that it is ineffec
tive. The directors at the opera find it
hard to make both ends meet, and were
it not for foreign visitors the other sub
ventioned houses would seldom prosper.
MMIOSCOmANDS
Walter Mokosco, Sole Lessee aud Manager.
POPULAR PRICES . Telephone Main 532
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 600.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . lOc.
MATINEES, SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
WEEK OF AUGUST 22, '18SS.
Initial Production of the Sensational Scenlo
• Melodrama, ■ '
ORDEAL OF
TWO SISTERS!
By Dr. D. T. Callahan, Author of "The Legion
of Honor," and Louis A. Imhaus.
Fulton Ferry, with the Great Brooklyn Bridge,
Boats and Ferries Crossing the River.
Central Park by Moonlight!: v.r-M-,
. • . Great Double Fire Scene!
Steam Fire. Engine, Drawn by Two Horses! .
SUSPENDED ANIMATION !
TO-DAY! TO-DAY! TO-DAY! ; '
The Sensation of the Century. ':
V.ALBERT ~FERDINAN.V
Will Be Buried Alive for Six Days,
Beginning THIS (SUNDAY) AFTERNOON, a*
3 O'clock, .
In the Lot on MARKET. NEAR LARKIN ST.
-•'- ADMISSION, 25c. '
BASEBALL !
- RECREATION PARK. .
CHAMPIONSHIP GAME.
SANTA CRUZ vs. ATHLETICS, '
TO-DAY AT 2:15 P. M. -
___ ___ _ , — — — r- ■ —
****** ***** ***** •**•*
{ ALHAMBRA *
* Saturday, September 3d ;, $
****** ***** **** ******
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, -
KEAKNY AND WASHINGTON, I3TB.—RB-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD *
CO. European plan. Room* Wo to II M day.
16 to •$ week, $S to ISO month. Free b^tba; hot
and cold water every room; fire grate* la tTerj
rooms elevator runs all nlgfct.
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver firmer.
Wheat and Barley continue to decline.
Oats. Corn and Rye weak.
Hay steady. Feedstuffs unchanged.
No further change in Beans.
Lucol advanced.
Large foreign shipments ot Onions.
Tomatoes too plentiful.
Butter and Eggs steady.
Poultry* unchanged.
Fruit market quiet.
No change in Provisions.
Wool. Hops and Hides dull.
Meats as before.
Bank clearings show a gain.
Increased exports of Wine.
Decreased imports of Wool.
Nine failures la«t week.
Holiday In New York.
IMPORTS OF WOG ,
Imports of Wool Into the United State* dur
ing the fiscal year ending June 30 were U2.796,
000 pounds, valued at $16.753,700, against 310,
532.000 pounds at $53. 243. 200 for the year pre
vious. Referring to this the New York Com- ;
mercial says: "Under no.raal conditions, un- '
Uer a protective tariff condition, the Imports
of foreign Wool averaged about 150,000.000 |
pounds yearly. 1891 to 1*33. or 12.500,000 pounds
c month. Under the Wlluon bill conditions they
Increased to an average of 2f>o.'»OO.rtOO pounds an
nually, or more than 21.000,000 pounds a
month."
THE WEEKS FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 9
failures in the Pacific Coast States and Terri
tories for the week ending yesterday, as com
pared with in tor the previous week, and 19
for the corresponding week of 18OT. The fail- i
ures for the past week are divided among the i
trades as follows.: 1 general merchandise, 1 tea i
company, 1 barber, 1 dry goods, 1 transfer |
company. 1 dairy and restaurant, 1 saloon, 1
i:i4Uurs, 1 hats.
EXPORTS OF WINE.
Exports at Wine from this port during the
flr-t seven months of the year were 8. 056,400
gallons, against 7.544.700 gallons for the same
time In
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings las-t week were $16. nss,- j
254. against (15.851,448 for tbe same week last ;
year. This is a small gain, but it is better ,
Than the loss of the past two or tbree weeks.
HOLIDAY IN NEW YORK.
, Yesterday was a holiday in New York and
no quotations were received from there.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 20. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
in California:
Eureka. 02; Red Bluff, SS; Sacramento, S6;
Fresno, X; Independence, 9K; San Luis Oblepo, ;
S4: Los Angeles, H2: San Diego. S2; Yuma. 108.
San Francisco temperature — Maximum, 02; \
minimum, 50: mean. i 6.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure is highest this evening along i
the Washington and Oregon coast, and lowest
in Southeastern California and Southwestern
Arizona. Clv Jy weather prevails in Western
On-gon and Washington and partly cloudy
weather and occasional thunderstorms hav<2 i
occurred in Arizona an.l Utah and has caused ;
the weather to become cooler in that section. |
It is expected that fair weather will continue ;
in California Sunday.
F> recast made at San Francisco for thirty
liours ending midnight. Aug. 21, 1898:
N irthern Califorr ! a— Fair Sunday; fresh
northwest wind.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Sunday.
probably with scattered thunderstorms in ,
: ains; fresh west wind.
Nevada— Fair Sunday.
Utah— Partly cloudy Sunday, probably with
scattered thunderstorms in mountain regions.
Arizona— Partly clou-U Sunday; warmer In
south portion; probably occasional thunder
storms in mountain regions.
San Francisco and vicinity— Generally fair
Sunday, except cloudy and foggy hi the morn- :
ing: brisk to high west winds in the afternoon. !
Special report from Mount Tamalpais. taken
at 5 p. m.— Clear; wind. w?st. 10 miles per
hour; temperature, ",: maximum. 6S.
W. H. HAMMON, Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
?■ FOREIGN MARKETS
LONDON. Aug. 20.— Silver, 27% d: French ;
rentes. 103f 50c
LIVERPOOL. Aug. 20. — Wheat. steady:
wheat in Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 !l-32d. '1 . ,'
WHEAT— No. 1 red Western winter steady.
6e 2y.d; No. 1 Northern spring steady, Gs 10' 4 d.
CORN— American mixed new spot nulet, is
l%d; August, nominal; September steady. Os
l%d: October, 3s 2%d. , r „.
• FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter dull. Ss 6d.
HOPS— London. Pacific Coast, dull, £2®4. j
NEW YORK PRODUCE MARKET.
NEW YORK. Aug. 20.— HOPS-Steady; State
common to choice. 1896 crop, 2#3c; 1896 crop,
E@6c; 1597 crop. 11<312c. Pacific Coast. 1595 crop.
2®3c; 1596 crop. s©*:; 1897 crop. ll@l2c.
WOOL— Quiet; domestic fleece, 17@23c; Texas.
IS® 15c.
PIG IRON— Steady; Southern, $9 7&<gll;
Northern, lO^llc.
COPPER— Steady; brokers. ll%c.
LEAD— Quiet; brokers. $3 90.
COFFEE— Options closed dull, unchanged to
5 nointß higher. Sales 500 bagL, Including
March $6 06. Spot coffee— Rio quiet ; No. . In
voice. s\ic: No. 7 Jobbing. 6\c. , Mild— Quiet;
Cordova, loc. . - ; ■■•-.■■ ".,■,'/ a
BUTTER— Steady; Western creamery, 14^4@
19c; factory. 11® Me: Elglns. 19c.
EGOS— Steady; Western fresh, 14% c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Aug. California Dried
Evaporated apples— Common, 6®sc;
prime wire tray, 9c; choice. 9^c; fancy. $%@
10c.
APRICOTS— Royal, ll@13c; Moorpark, 13@
16c
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7<g9c; peeled. 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Aug. 20.— Wheat traders had
nothing but bearish news to begin with, but
the opening prices were a shade higher than i
were current at last night's close. The appar- j
ent strength was of short continuance. Prices j
for the active futures got to %c below the
highest notch of the opening In about 10 min
utes and %c under Friday's closing rates. The
influencing factors were of both foreign and do
mestic origin. Quotations from Liverpool were
%d down for September and %d for December.
The Italian crop was estimated at from 116.
000,000 to 120.000,000 bushels, compared with 92,
000,000 the previous season. The fliost striking j
item of news from domestic sources was that i
Minneapolis and Duluth received 435 cars I
against 145 the preceding Saturday and 243 cars
the corresponding day the year before. The
spring wheat market was very unsettled In the
car lots crowd and much of the day's receipts
being ' tough and damp. It was difficult to get
buyers to make any kind of a respectable bid
for such. The close was 1%@1%c lower for Sep
tember and %c for December.
Continued fine weather, a slow shipping de
mand and the weakness in wheat had a bear
ish Influence on corn. The general tone of the
market was easy, although December Increased
Its lead over September slightly as the result
of rather extensive— changing transactions,
commission houses taking December and selling
the near-by delivery- September lost %c«
Oats again demonstrated' their ability to fol
low corn. Trade, however, was very light. Sep
tember lost H@Vic on the day.
An advance In , prices for live hogs at the
yards favored provisions at the commencement.
Prices soon yielded, however, under pressure
of offerings from buyers on yesterday's break,
■who were disposed to accept what profit they
could find. Pork left oft 15c lower, lard 124e
and ribs 10@12%c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
August 68 63 66 66
September 65% 6.'4 63*4 63%
December, 62% 62% 61% 62
May e«4 644 63% 63%
Corn No. —
August 30% 30% 29% 30
September 30% 30% 30 30%
December 30% 30% 30% 30»i
May 32% 32% 32% 32%
Oats No. Si — -
September 19% 19% 19% 19%
Mess Pork, per, bbl—
September 9 20 9 20 8 92 14 8 95
October .8 67% 890 8 87% 8 87%
December 905 905 8 87% is 87%
Lard, per 100 !bs—
September 5 224 525 510 510
October 5 27-4 5 27*4 515 515
December 5 32% 5 32V4 520 520
Short Ribs, per 300 Idb—
September 515 515 5 074 510
October 525 525 5 07% 010
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
easy, special brands $5. minor spring patents
'4 IMM 30, spot patents . $4<?J4 10, Minneapolis
hard wheat straights, 13 40t> 3 60; No. 3 spring
■wheat «2£*>6c: No. 2 red. 70c: No. 2 corn. 30% c:
No 2 Oats, 2OVic: No. 2 white, 2.'4<3274c; No.
2 white. 23%!g 26c: No. 2 rye. 42<6;42%c; No. 2
barley. 35<g45%c; No. 1 flaxseed. 864 c: prime
timothy seed, $2 £5; mess pork, per bbl. $3 95®
$9; lard per 100 lbs, $5 12%@5 20; - short ribs,
sides (loose). tWo 25: dry salted shoulders
<bo»«d). (4 50@4 75; abort clear Bides (boxed),
$3 55@5 70; sugars, cut loaf, 6.02 c; granulated,
5.052 c. • .
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 7,700 5.000
Wheat, bushels 75.500 107.500
Corn, bushels 349.700 141.800
Oats, bushels 459,600 192.400
Rye, bushels 11.000 ' 42,400
Barley, bushels 26.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market wag steady; creameries. 13{jl7c; dairies,
12@13c; Eggs firm, fresh, 7@>S^c.
WHEAT MOVEMENT.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 303.920 69,660
j Duluth .32.054 10.108
| Milwaukee 14.300 CM
Chicago 75.800 . 107.804
I Toledo 73.831 164.000
St Louis 80,000 32.000
Detroit 34.999 23 - 48 i
Kansas City 1*2.500 62.d00
Totals 797,404 470,257
Tidewater-
Boston 65,000
New York
' Philadelphia 25.345 3.02b
j Baltimore 82.435
i New Orleans 40.000
. Galveston 39.788 40.000
Totals 215.56S 53.526 j
LIVERPOOL! FUTURES.
Wheat- Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 9Vi 0 3%
Closing .......
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— Aug. Nov.-Feb.
Opening 51 M 44 SO
Closing
Flour— - --22*0 20 80
Opening 22 40 20 80
Closing
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
■
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Aug. CATTLE— un
even but steady. Choice steers, $3 45@5 75;
medium. $4 40@5 15: beef steers. $4 2: ••! 1 85;
stockers and feeders, $3 50<g5; bulls. $2 75<&4 23; .
cows and heifers, $3 6004 45; calves. $4®7; i
Western rangers, $2 2." 4 76; fed Western
i steers, $4 40<J?5 55. . ,
HOGS— Were s@loc higher. Fair to choice.
1 $3 90® 4 05; packers, $3 55@3 87%; butchers, $3 Co
<r<4 02H: mixed, $3 6004 02>*; lights, $3 55@4;
; In, $2 8503 S5. .
SHEEP— Receipts were too small to make a
i market. Common to prime natives. $304 13;
' Western rangers. $3 00:54 50; common to choice
I lambs, $3 75©6 25; fair' grades. $3 6005 75.
Receipts— Cattle, 200. Hogs, 11,000. Sheep.
2000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Aug. 20.— CATTLE— Receipts. 600.
Active, steady. Native beef steers, $4 50@ 5 50;
Western grass steers, $4@4 C 5: cows and heif
ers $3 ( ''7 4 25; Ftookers and feeder*. $3 75*54 Ho.
HOGS— Receipts. 5600. Market 5010 c higher.
Heavy $3 75*53 S2>i; mixed. $3 70(T3 75; light.
$3 lo®3 75. „
SHEEP— Receipts, 2600. Steady. Fair to
choice natives, *3 8004 60; do Westerns. $3 70®
4 50; common. $3<iJ4; lambs. $4@6.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Aug. CATTLE— Receipts,
150. Market unchanged.
HOGS— Receipts, 3500. Market steaoy to 10c
higher, closing weak. Bulk of sales, %'i 600
3 75: heavies. $3 6303 SO; heavies S3 55@3 .2^;
packers. $3 55@3 72^: mixed, $3 50©3 70; lights,
$3 30'<?3 65; Pigs. $3 23& 3 55.
SHEEP— No market.
DENVER.
DENVER, Aug. CATTLE— Receipts, 800.
Market active and steady. Beef steers, $3 DO® ,
i 50- cows, $3^4 25; feeder?, freight paid to j
river, $3 Ss@4 30; stockers, $3 75©4 50; bulls and
5 HOGS— Receipts, none. Market steady; light
packers. *3 75@4 SO; mixed. $3 70©8 73. heavy,
$ "SHEEP— Receipts. 300. Market firm; good i
fat muttons, $3<7j4 50: lambs, $4 30@6.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 20.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $274,740,519; gold re- J
serve. $203,536,203.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. Aug. Exchanges, $129,
353; balances. $19,110.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 20.— Wheat un- j
changed, nominal export value; Walla Walla,
57c; valley and blue stem. Me.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Waah., Aug. 20.— Exporters quote
club Wheat at 54c and blu stem at 57®5Sc; for
milling purposes club Wheat is quoted at 57c
and blue stem at 60c.
*
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — 4 BCA
Sterling Cables — 4 Si
New York Exchange, telegraphic. . — 17%
New York Exchange, night — If)
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars 46 46">4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— steady decline continues and
all descriptions are lower. Even milling has
lost its grip and is as weak as shipping. The
millers are holding off. the shippers are doing
nothing and the market Is depressed all
around.
Boot Wheat— Shipping, $1 12%@1 15; milling,
$1 20®l 27%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— December—
I I0,n;.o ctls. $1 17H: IC.OOO, $1 17%: 18.000. $1 17%.
Second session— December— l4.ooo ctls, $1 16;
22,000. $1 15%; 34.000. $1 16«,;.
Regular morning session — December 10,000
ctls, $1 16%: 12.000. $1 16%.
BARLEY— market is going down right
along with Wheat and the demand amounts to
I nothing.
Feed, $1 lo@l 16%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls . o'clock— December—
8000 ctls, $1 12%: 4000. $1 12%. !
Second session— December— ctls, $1 12%.
Regular morning session— No sales.
OATS— Are weak at the decline, with more
sellers than buyers. Fancy Feed. $1 25 per ctl ; >
good to choice, $1 20® 1 22%: common, $1 15<& i
1 17%; Surprise, $1 30'yl 32%; Gray, $1 174© j
1 224; milling, $! 22%@1 25 per ctl.
CORN — demand continues poor and the
feeling is weak. Small round yellow, $1 25;
Eastern large yellow, sacked. $1 05@l 07%:
white. $1 0501 074; mixed, $1 02%<gl 05 per ctl.
RYE— Quoted at $1 15<gl 174 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 7GOI 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 40@4 50; bakers'
extras. $4 15@4 25 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 rbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat Groats,
$4 50; Hominy. $3 2501 CO: Buckwheat Flour. M
@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75: Farina, $4 50;
Whole -Wheat Flour, $3 GO; Rolled Oats (bar
ley) $5 85&6 25; In sacks. $5 65^6 05; Pearl
Barley, IS; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 CO
per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Receipts of Hay are not excessive consider
ing the time of the year and sell off without
difficulty at steady prices. Rolled Barley Is
weak in sympathy with the raw product.
BRAN— SIS 50@16 per ton.
MIDDLINGS- $181720 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $24@25 per
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31«j31 50; Job
bing $32®32 00: Cocoanut Cake. $24@25; Cotton
seed Meal, $28@30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23@23 50;
Cracked Corn, $24@24 50.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $17@17 50 for
rood and »14<i?18 for lower grades; no choice
corning in: Wheat and Oat, $14 50®i8 50; Oat,
$?3W16 Barley. i Island Barley. |12<f13;
Alfalfa, $12@13 CO; Stock, $11@12 50; Clover,
"OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Wheat $13014 50: Oat, $12@13 50; Cheat, $11©
13: Timothy. $11 50013 60; Alfalfa, $U@ll GO
per ton.
STRAW— 65c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There Is no further decline in Beans, but
the market is weak and dull. Seeds are un
changed and quiet.
BEANS— Bavos, $2 65@2 70; Small Whites.
$2- Lare» Whites. $1 75®1 DC; Pinks. $2 25
CM 30; Reds, $2 6002 75; Blackeye, $3 15{r3 23:
Butters, nominal; Llmas. $3@3 15: Pea, $175®
1 90- He'd Kidneys, $2 5<VrT2 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 25@4 75 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $4@4 25; Flax, nominal. $2®
2 10: Canary Seed, 2Vi'9"2%c per lb; Alfalfa, from
Utah. oHc: Rape. 2%<&2%c: Hemp, 2%@3c; Tim
othy. s@sUc
DRIED PEAS— Nllea, $1 76@1 90; Green, $2 25
per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Shipments of Onions to Australia thus far
this month amount to 10.641 cases, and con-
siderable shipments have also been made to
British Columbia, Panama and the Hawaiian
Islands.
Tomatoes closed the demoralized and
there were large stocks left on hand to be
carried over. Otherwise there was nothing
new.
POTATOES— In packs for Early Rose
and 50©85 cln sacks and ~'>?flll In boxes
for Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, Sic®?! 15;
Sweet Potatoes, 2@'2%c ' per 1b. ." • .
ONIONS— , per ctl for yellow. Plckla
Oniony 75c@Jl per. ctl. ;. ;:':,;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1898.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3c; String
Beans. 2W/3c per rb; Lima Beans, 2@3c: Bay
Squash, 25<i?30e; Green Peppers, 35@50c for
Chile and 35@60c for Bell; Cabbage, SOc per
ctl; Carrots, 30@50c per sack: Bay Cucumbers,
25<g 1 30 c; Pickles, 75c for No. 1 and 40@50c per
box for No. 2; River Tomatoes, 25@60c; Green
Corn, 40@73c per sack for Vacaville. 75c<6$l 25
per crate for Alameda, 40565 c for Berkeley;
Garlic, 2@2Hc per lb; Green Okra, 50@65c; Egg
Plant. 35@S0c per box; Marrowfat Squash, $16
per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced
dessicated. 16@lSc; granulated. raw. 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old. 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 60c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
More Eaetern will be duo on Tuesday.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14fclCc for Gob
blers and 13® 14c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1@
1 25: Goslings. $1 23-S1 50; Ducks, $2 5003 for old
and $2 50<g4 for ysung; Hens. $4ffls; Roosters,
young, |sff6; Roosters, old, |4@4 50; Fryers,
$4 r,O; Broilers $3 6004 for large, $2 50@3 50 for
small: Pigeons. $1 50@l 75 per dozen for young
and $I@l 23 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Stocks of Butter are moderate and the mar
ket is steady at unchanged quotations. The
same remark applies to Eggs. There is noth
ing new in Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 23®24c: sec
ond*. 2l<j?22e.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 20@22c; common
grades, le'glSc.
Eastern Uutter — Ladle packed, 14@15c per lb;
Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice r.iild new, 9\iffloc; old. 8@
9c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young America,
10@lic; Eastern, 12<ffl3c.
EGGS— Ranch Eiies. 21@35C per dozen; store
Eggs, 14<gl7^e; Eastern, 14'<3/17c for ordinary
and lSi&iiOc for fancy.
AND CITRUS FRUITS.
There are hardly any green Bartlett Pears
coming in now and the market is steady In
consequence. Peaches have again advanced.
There is no improvement In Plums. Figs are
veiy fcarce. There seems to be no second crop
this year. Grape? are weak and In liberal sup
ply. Tokay Grapes from Vacavllle, green and
hard. soM at .'.Cti-CJc per box. Melons range
about the same.
There is nothing new in Citrus Fruits.
]JK( IDUOUS FHI'ITS—
Strawberries, $254 per chest for large and
for small.
Figs, 50@75c for white and 75c@$l H for black,
double layers.
Cantaloupes. TSCgSI 50 per crate; Nutmeg*.
35iJ,"75c per box; Watermelons, $20§30 per 100 for
large and JF.'glo for small to medium.
Huckleberries, 6®7c per It>.
Red Nectarines. 4Ot?jCsc: White Nectarines,
3j(J?i-0c per box and $10 per ton.
White Grapes, 85050 c per bux; Black Grapes,
, Muscats. SofttJOc. Crates sell about lf>c
higher than boxes; Isabellas, $I^l 25 per
crate.
Blackberries, $2{i3 50 per chest.
Plums, 23ig50c per crate and 23^30c per box;
In bulk, $8010 per ton.
Peaches. £oe<Ssl p?r box for good to choice
and 23@40c for" poor stock.
Crabapples, 25<940c per box.
Kaspber.-ies. Js@7 per chest.
Apples, 35060 c for common, and 7Cc<gsl per
box for No. 1.
Bartlett Pears. 75c(g$l per box and $2u(g:35 per
t' •:: for No. 1 and 254550 c per box and $lu<ji2o
per ton for ripe and Inferior stock.
CITRUS FJU" ITS— Oranges. $I<Sl i:, for St.
Michaels, $1 for Mediterranean Sweets, and
25@75c for Seedlings; Lomotis, $^ 50'ii 3 50 for
common and $-t'[J :>'.■ for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes, $'i 60Q10; Bananas, II 21&2 per
bunch; Pineapples, S3SJ4 per dozen.
DKIED FRUITS, NL^TS. RAISINS. ETC.
The holiday in New York mad* things dull
here yesterday and there Was nothing new to
report.
DRIED FRUIT— New Prunes, 3%@4c for the
four sizes; old Prunes, carload lots. 6<gsVic for
40-50's. 4h@sc for 50-OTs, 3?i®4c for 60-70- 3V4©
3Uc for 70-So"s, 2 s i<g3c fur SO-90's. 2@2Vfec for
90-100's; new Peaches. 7® Sc; old Peaches. 5)40
6',-c; peeled, nominal: new Apricots. 9<y
lie for Royals and li'finvi-c for Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, «j'-s @ 7c: sun
dried. 3i? 4c; Black Figs, sacks. 2 r ii 2 l : c:
Plums, 4(j-JH-<-- for pitted and 101 V.C for un
pittcd; bleached Plums, sc; Nectarines, 3@4M.-c
for prime to fancy; Pears, 3®sc for quarters
and SGSV-c for halves, according to color, etc.;
new Pears, 6@7c for quarters and B@9c for
halves.
RAISINS— 2®2Uc for two-crown. 2*4®2%c for
three-crown. 3@JMtC for fcur-crown. 3'54c for
Seedless Sultanas. 2Vi®3c for Seedless Mus
catels and $I@l IS for London Layers; dried
Graphs. 2c. ■
NUTS— Walnuts, new, 6c for hardshell. 7c for
eoftshell; Almonds. for hardshell, 6@7c for
softsbell. B%(G9c for paper-shell; Peanuts. 4©
SV.C for Eastern ana 4V4c for California; Pe
ca"ns, 6H«Bc; Filberts. S'i-SjlOc; Brazil Nuts.
S;H9c per n>; Cocoanuts. $4 COST, per 100.
HONEY— Comb. 9<gloc for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water- extracted. 5%@
6c; light amber extracted. 4%®5V4c per Ib.
BEESWAX— 24<g2'!c per It>.
PROVISIONS.
Previous prices rule with a quiet market.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, S%c per It) for
heavy. 9c for li»jht medium. 10% c for light, lie
for extra lie t and i:%@l3c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10%@llc; Califor
nia Hams. 9%@10c; M?e-s Beef, $10@10 50 per
bbl: extra Mess Beef. >lltt!l 50; Famil/ Beef.
$12012 50; extra prime Pork. $10; extra clear.
$IS#IS 50; mess, $15 50®l<; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c
per It).
LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 60 per ro
for compound and 7%c • for pure; palls. 8c:
California tierces. Be 1 per It) for compound and
7c for pure; half . barrels, 7%c; 10-Ib tins, 8c;
5-rh tin?. BMc.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, esW.^c: packages
lesi than 300 IDs— l-!t> pails. CO In a case, 9H-:
3-Tt> pails. 20 in a cape. B%c; u-rb pails, 12 In a
case. S%c: 10-11) pails. 6 in a rase, B%c: 50-H)
tins, 1 or 2 in a ca.«*, 7 7 <ic: wooden buckets, 20
rbs net. SHe: fancy tuhs. SO tt>s net, 7%c: half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c per lt>.
HIDES, TAI.LOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
All lines under this head are dull and un
changed.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy Halted
steers. 10c: medium, 9c; light. S%c; Cow
hides. 9c: Stngs. 6%c: salted Kip. B%c: Calf.
9c; dry Hides, sound, 15c: culls and brands,
12c: dry Kip and Veal. 15c; dry Calf, 17@lSc;
Goatskins. 2"4'H3oc; medium, 30c; winter, 10c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 15625 c each; short
wool, 3(>ii?4oc each; medium. CO®SOc; long wool,
-'fiil 10 each; Horsehldes. rait, $2 25 for
large an-! $101 75 for small; Colts. 5Cc; Horse
hides, dry, $1 75 for large and 75c@$l 25 for
Email; Coltn. 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3Vic per lb; No. 2.
2?4c: refined. > 4%c: Grease. 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip. Southern Mountain. 7i?10c;
free Northern, M?l2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months', 9<J?llc: San Joatjuln and
Southern, 7 months'. SifMOc; Foothill and
Northern, free. 12*5140 ; Foothill and Northern,
defective, 10<§:i2c; Middle County. 13<S16c; Hum
boldt and Mendclnn, 14(516c: Nevada, 10^14c:
Eastern Oregon, 10012 c: Valley Oregon. 15@17c.
HOPS— crop. 9@12%c per lb.
GENEr.AL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bacs, 4%e; Wool
Baps. 20®2Sc: San Qucntin Bass. $4 S5; Fruit
Bags. sc, 54c and 5%c for the three grades of
white and 7(gSc for brown.
COAL — Wellington, $5 per ton; New Wel
llrgton, $S; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend.
$7 50; Cumberland, $13 in bulk and $14 50 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate.
$7 €0; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 In
sacks.
LUCOL— Is higher at 37c per gallon for raw
and 39c for boiled in barrels; capes f>c more.
SUGAR— The Western Sucar Refining Com
pany quotes, term's net each: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7<-; Powdered, 64c; Candy
Granulated, 6c; Dry Granulated, 5%c; Confec
tioners' A, 5%c; Magnolia A, 54c; Extra C.
6%c; Golden C, 5%c; California A, 5%c per lb;
half barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes
4c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There 1r no further change in anything.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
Blki;ghterers are as follows:
BEEF — First quality. 64c: second quality,
51^60; third quality. 4>2*js4c.
YF.AL- Large, 4(fi.")c; small, 6@7c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6iß64c; Ewes. 6c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 7@74e per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 3%c for large. 4c for me
dium and 3%'ff34c for small; stock Hogs, 2<Q
3c; dressed Hogs, 5V 4 <g6V 4 c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, August 20.
Flour, qr sks ... 1.979 Quicksilver, fisk. 121
Wheat, ctls 3.000 Leather, rolls ... 90
Barley, ctls 1.5*5 Lime, bbls 201
Tallow, ctls 20H Flops, bales 3
Butter, ctls 216 Woo!, bales 155
Cheese, ctls 109 Lumber, ft 40,000
Beans, sks 76 Raisins, bxs 2?0 j
Potatoes, sks ... 4.377 f'hlcorv. bbls 8)
Onion?, fks 347 Sugar, bbls 401
Bran, sks 75 Eggs, dor 12.12U
Middlings, sks .. I.S6J Wln«. gals 33.200
Pelts, bdls 210|Par>er. rolls 2,000
Hides, no 25: | Powder, car 1
Hay. tons 551 Do bxs 3
Straw, tons 28 1
OREGON.
Flour, qr eks lOJSSjWooI, bales 145
""Wheat, ctls 5,300 Oats, ctls 370
Barley, ctls COW Shorts. sk6 ....:.. 227
Bran, sks 1.170 Hay, tons so
Middlings, sks .. 110 <""orn, ctls 800
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks — SOOWnni, bales 37
Wheat, ctls 7.460 i T?rflH. sks 1,846
Barley, ctls 2.0«5 Middlings, sks .... 630
Oats, ctls 2.760 Eastern corn, ctls. 800
THE STOCK MARKET.
Hawaiian Commercial was the active stock
yesterday, selling at $26 874<f 27 124. The
other securities were quiet and unchanged.
Mining stocks were dull.
The mill at the Occidental Con. mine started
on August 15 and has alnce been crushing
thirty tons of ore per day.
The North Fork Gold Mining Company cf
Sierra County has levied an assessment of 5
cents per share, delinquent September 30.
The Silver King Mining Company of Arizona
has levied an assessment of 25 cents per share,
delinquent September 27. ....
The Mammoth Mining Company ot Utah has
declared a dividend of 5 cents per MMie.
amounting to $20,000, for August distribution.
The company has already paid $1,250,000 in
dividends. .
Clayton Belkr.ap. acting superintendent of
the Justice mine, has sent a report to the
officers of the company urging that it purchase
the Washoe mill, which he says can be bought
for $2500 or less, whereas the mill and Its
equipment originally cost its owners $20,000.
He gives a good account ot the showing of
ore on the SO, 370. SOO and 522 foot levels of
the mine, and says the mill is close to the
mouth of the Woodvllle shaft, through whlcn
the Justice mine is now being worked, and
that the property can be made to pay well
with Its present resources and Its own mill so
conveniently situated. The directors of th
company will consider the recommendation
soon.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Aug. 20—10:30 a. m.
Bid Ask. , .V- Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Mutual El Co. SMs 11
<s quar c0up. .1114112 Oakland Gas.. 61 51H
4s quar reg. ..111V*112% Pac Gas Imp.. 88Vi! 89
4s quar new. .127 128 Pac LCo 48 oO
8s new 104V4105% S F G & E... SS*4 89
Miscellaneous— San Fran .... 3V* SVi
Cal-Bt Cab 68.113^115 Stock Gas —13 —
Cal El 6s 125 — i Insurance—
C C Wat .. 95% — Firem's Fund.2oo 206
Dup-st ex c... — 98^4 Bank Stocks—
EL & P 85. .129 131& Anglo-Cal .... 61V4 62,.6 2,.
F&CI Ry .115% — Bank- of Ca1.. 245 24,
Geary-st R ss. 93 100 Cal SD 4 T.. — 97
•H C & S 4U5.100 105 First Nat 200 —
i L AL Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A....125H —
Do Bntd 65.. 99 100% Mer Exchange 14 13
Market-st 65..1MV4 — Nev Nat 8....160 —
Do. Ist M 55..115%U6 Savings Banks—
Nat Yin 6s sta — !»7H Ger S & L..15..0 1650
N C-NG Ry 75.105 108 Hum S & L.IOM 1160 i
XRy Cal 65.. 110 112 Mutual Say. — «M>
N Ry Cal -103*4 - S F Bay V.. 490 000
NPC R R G5.103 105 S & L 50.... — 100
N CR R as. l'»»il02 Security SB. 3vo —
N Cal R R ss. — - Union T Co.looo —
Oak Gas 55.... 101 — Street Rallroau—
Do 2d Is 55..109H111. California ••••106 10<%
Om Ry 6s ....127V112S Geary 40 ~.v
\V &O 6s 107 — Market-st 5374 04\4
' F & Cl Ry 65.104V4105H Presidio bH —
i Powell-st '65... 118 — Powder—
! Reno WL&L..IOO - iCalifornia ....130 1-.9
' Sac- El Ry 55. 100 - IE Dynamite... 85 -
S F & N P ss.loS%lo9Vi!Giant Con Co. 48V6 49V
i SierraßCal 6s. — 103 Vl&orit . 2% -1*
I S P of Ar 65.. 107*4 —f i Miscellaneous—
!S P Cal 6s 110 — ■ Al Pac Assn.. - 93
i SPC Is eg 55. .102 - Ger Ld k5..120 —
S P Br 6s 116>i - lHana P C 0.... U% -
! S V Wat 65...11!Hi120 HC 4 8 Co.. 2. 2<%
! S V Wat 1024103 Hutch S P Co. yo j>6
Stock Gas 65.. 100 - Mer Ex Assn. 90 -
Water Stocks— Nat Vln C 0... — 1
Centra Costa.. 45 54 Oceanic S Co. 5< o,\,
Marin Co 50 - Pacific AFA. •- FA.
Spring Valley. 93% - Pac Bet C 0.... 100 104
Gas & Electric— Par Paint Co. 7 —
Cent Gaslight. ICS —
Morning Session.
10 Alaska Packers Association 93 00
150 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 26 B.VI
1100 do do 97 121 A
50 do do ••••.- tJi -a
J4OOO Market-st Ry Con Bonds 09 11- -v
75 Oakland Gas ■• ?i -;'
70 Oceanic Steamship Co "' 00
120S F Gas & Electric Co. 89 00 !
$3000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 102 m
$4000 8 F & N P Ry Bond? «»
40 Pacific Gas Imp » 5 M
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Secslon.
45 Market-Btreet Railway Co 54 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday g
Morning Session.
100 Challenge 15,400 Gould & Curry.. IS
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Beard yesterday:
Morning Session.
200Alta 1" 500 Justice OS
200 15 200 v
JOO Belcher .......... :3 M 0 Mexican «
(0 Challenge Con... lo 3->0 Ophlr »
SCOChollar .. 18 200 Savage 1- :
'00 Con Cal & Va.. 41 200 Sierra Nevada.. M
1000 Con New York. 02 300 Union Con ...... 22
«00 Gould & Curry.. 16 ->00 Yellow Jacket... IS j
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, Aug. 20—12 m.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 05 1 Julia — 02
Aim ::::::::.. « 15 Justice 07 os
Andes •■■ 04 OSiKentuck OS 06
Belcher".: 12 13 Lady Wash ... - 01
Benton Con ... - 12 Mexican lo 16
Best & Belcher 17 IS Occidental 50 —
•Bullion 02 03 Ophir 22 21
Caledonia 19 Overman ........ 04 06
Chollar IS W Potosl U IS
Challenge Con. 14 loSavage 11 12
Confidence 3S -|Scoiplon 02 -
Con Cal & Va. 41 42jSeg Belcher ... - C 4
Con Imperial .. - 01 1 Sierra Nevada. o7 59
Crown Point .. 12 13 Silver Hill ..... - IB
Con New York. 01 02 Syndicate; — 03
Eureka Con ... — 15. Standard 14"1 t»
Exchequer — 04 Union Con 22 23
Gould &■ Curry. 15 17 Utah ........... 0o 07
Hale & Norcre. 75 —bellow Jacket. li Vi
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during the week.
Name o£ Stock. M. i T. I W. | T. 1 F. | S.
Alpha 05].... 03 02 03 04
a a " 09! 10 10 14 15
Andes"" . 05 04; 04 03 05 04
Belcher . 19 16! 14; 13 13 j 13
V,elt& Belcher 21 20 19 17 16 18
Bullion • 03 03 03 02 02 02
Calldonia".... 2? 21 21 20 IS 19
rhnllenee 1^ H 13 I* 14 1°
rho ar ■■.'■•• 23 " 2° 19 19 19
Con Cal &Va 39 42 41 41! 41 43
Confidence 45 42 40 40 39 38
Crown Point - 1« }j>! " 12 « \3\ 3
Gould & Curry 20 IS 16 16 « 16
EW« & Norcr01 ::;:: 83S|8 ■_ £ o?
S^an":::::::: •■• • 2 " is ! ? 15 15 15
O^r m-r n-. a n-.:-. 06 05 '05 05 04 04 ,
Ke •■.:■.:•.■.::"■.".:.::. » 13 » g a v
Seg Belcher 1 ;-! Sk'ifl i'«
ia axevada-:::::::::i:«a xevada-::::::::: i : « » » 1 1 1 g ' ,1, ! g
Wen* Nevada g g | i | g
Yellow Jacket • ,»> ,22', 22 ' 19 ' 181 "I «
Follow S FStock and Bond Lx
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Ella and Maurice Schmltt to John H. Miller,
lot on SE corner of Vallejo and Laguna streets.
S WilVlam K H : $ 'and Catherine Blakeley to
downing, lot on S line of Jackson 43. »
W of Cherry. W 36:4, N 93. E 17, S 91.5. E 32.
Thomas and Catherine Downing to Will lam
&lS& s^M^o I decree!
E 17 6% W 44, N 59:7%. W 12. S to ppoint. E
Camline Sharp to Catherine E. Cheeseman
(wife me !") lot on SE line of Market street.
20 SW of Fourteenth. SW 81:8*. S 61:8% E
94. NW 108; also lot on SE line of Market
street. 105 SW of Church, SW 50 by SE 100.
valuable consideration and $10.
M. Morgenthau Company to Christ an N. Jen
sen, re-record 16"3 d 275. lot on W line of lor k
street. 155 of Twenty-first, S 27:6 by W 100.
John Ohring to San Francisco Savings Union.
1559 d 304, lot on N line of Twenty-fourth street.
125 W of Hoffman (Ellen), W 51 :S by N 114.
tU Thomas'Hec'kman to Margaret D. Heckman.
rerecord 1675 d 191 of lot on NW line of How
ard street. 100 NE of Seventh, NE ■ by MV
SO- aUo lot on S lino of Perry street, 1»5 few or
Fourth. SW 25 by SE SO; gift.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Charles Lundberg
and A Harrington, lot on S line of X street.
107:6 W of Ninth avenue. W 25 by S 100; $10.
Charles Lundberg and Alphonso and Emma
A Harrington to Charles N. Jansen. same; Jin.
John J. HlgKins to James M. Brown, lots 140
and 141 Academy Tract; $10.
Daniel Leahy to Nettle C. Stallmon, lot on
5 line of Lewlsberg (Spring) street. 89 NE of
Venadillo. NE'44:6 by SE 103:6. lot 59, San
Miguel Homestead; $10. -
Delta F. Nevills to William A. Nevills. un
divided one-half interest in App mine in Tuol
umne County: .also one-half interest In all
ranches and real estate In State of California;
gift. ■>^*'-^C : ' , £
Alameda County. /
Hugh and Anna S. 1 Hogan to John Mello. lot
on 8. line of Orchard street or avenue, 294.27 E
of New Broadway. E 32, SW 150. NW 32 NE
150 to beginning, being a portion of Academy
Homestead, Oakland; $800.
Mathilde M. and H. Shainwald to Augusta
W. Holland, lot on E line of West street 86 N
of Twentieth, N 35 by E 100, block L, Curtis
6 Williams Tract. Oakland: $10.
Cella P. Page to Harriet B. Page, all inter
est In the following: Lots 75 and 76, block L.
new town of Lynn, being the same as lot 17,
block L. map of a portion of Lynn Homestead,
adjoining Highland Park. East Oakland: gift.
F C and Hulda M. Boehmer to Fidellua P.
and Eliza C. A very, lots 3 and 4. block A.
Chrlstlania Tract. Berkley; $35.
Benjamin and Elizabeth B. Bangs to Jane
13irdsall lot on NW. corner of College avenue
and Derby street. N 40 by W 159.44. being lot
15. map of Hillegass property. Berkeley; $300.
Delos and Harriet A. Pratt to Lorenzo D.
T'tman, lot 21 in subdivision F. Frultvale Ter
minal Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
AC. and Anna M. Henry to Elille V. From
m.^nwi'ler (wife of A.), lots 1 to 6. 13 to 19. block
12, Warner Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10. •,-•■■"
Beatrice Hank 3 (widow of C. C.) to Lydla P.
Ranforp (wife of David), lot on N line of Har
old street. 174.3." E of Champion. E 50. N 111.80,
W SO S 111.40 to beginning l .- being lots 13 and
14 ' block A, Champion Tract. ■ Brooklyn Town
ship;. $4io. '"- 5 : ' • ■'■'-.
Charles -Babb to Mary Benjamin, lot 40. block
A, map of portion of blocks I.' A. E and F ol
revised map of Prospect Hill .Tract, Brooklyr
Township, quitclaim deed; $75.
Margaret R. Bromley to John '. L. : Bromley,
lot on SE line of Everett street. 150KE'ol
Central avenue,: NE 73:1 by SE 132, being lot;
21 and 22. block 1. map of subdivision of Chip,
man blocks. Alame<Ja; $700. ■." ,
Leah F. Kott to Grace A. Newman, lot on £
line of San Antonio avenue, 250 W of. .Walnut
street. W 50 by S 150. being lot 15. block L,
lands adjacent to Encinal. Alameda; »10.
Builders' Contracts.
Thomas Jennings" (owner) with J. F. RHey
(contractor), architect H. Geilfuss. Expia
tion, brickwork, stonework and removing oi
present old buildings, for a slx-stcry D - 11 -*
building (hotel with stores to first story) on •>
corner of Third and Minna streets, NY. so P. y
NE 97:6; 75 per cent of value of • work pe 5:
formed on Ist and 15th day of each month as
work progresses. 25 per cent 35 days after com
pletion and acceptance; total, $13.<.9»: D '."^'
$3398 75. George H. Dyer and J. F. p°ean, sure
ties; limit, 58 working days: forfeit. **v P^r
day; plans and specifications filed. _»,-.
Same with Camp & Carillon contractors
architect same. Concrete footings, .basement
floors, sidewalks. Illuminating tiles, et £-;. ror
same on same. Payments same as In P l^' 0 " 3
contract. Total. $4055. Bond? $1013 .o;J. Sul
livan and William White sureties. 1 "}". onrt
working days: forfeit $40 per day. Plans ana
Specifications filed. ttt~,i, d nnn
Same with Brode & Clarke Iron X\ orks con
tractors, architect same. Structural eel ami
cast iron work for same on same. Pa>m ems
as above. Total. $Sll4. Bonds. $202S B8; y.h,
Bothln and George C. Bauer sureties. Limit
thirty working days from October 1. .for
feit $40 per day. Plans and specifications ft cd.
Same with Carl Schutt contractor, architect
same. Carpenter and mill work, plastering,
glazing, roofing, etc.. for Fame on same. Pay
ments as nbov?. Total. , $15,417.
STRANGE WEDDINGS.
A unique series of weddings took place
in the Catholic church at Adelon? on
Saturday last, when the Misses Hoffman
(three) "were married to three brothers
named Qulnn. Two of the brothers who
were married were twins, and also two ot
the sisters. One other brother of the
Quinn family is already married to a sis
ter of the Hoffmar.a.— Sydney Telegraph.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Aug-JSt. ISSB.
1 8a.
MO
1
s
"JIT
X
Tn.
We
I
?r.
Moon> Ph.i««».
i "
i;
I
11
©Pal> \looi.
yg Avurtut 1.
§L August*
j{^. New J4ck)il
QP A«FMi»t IT.
M
21
33
:3
a
-jkFlrm Quarter.
■W August 24
ful. K(On
August 31.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
anta Rosa San Diego Aug. 21
•rizaba Humboldt A "f;?
lackinaw Tacoma Aug. --
iristol Departure Bay .......... Aug.-.
forth Fork Humboldt Aug . £
:avarro Seattle ; ••••• An* 23
oos Bay Newport ........ Au £- ii
Jelglc China and Japan Aug. 23
rcata Coos Bay A »£
outh Coast..... Seattle A "f^
(race Dollar... St. Michael '. Au«. 23
loana Sydney Aug. 24
Ilneola Tacoma imi-
tate California i Portland Aug. -.>
•omona .San Diego .jAug.^
lallp Walla... | Victoria & Puget Sound | Aug. 25
recent City... Crescent City Aug. 2»
hllkat Humboldt Aug. >■>
i-ellington Departure Bay Aug. 2=*
nilamette Seattle Aug . i.,
Ity of Peking. Manila Aug. 2b
harles Nelson. Honolulu Aug. 26
[ueneme Portland Aug .2b
[omer Newport l Aug .ll
lgnal Grays Harbor ;Aug .27
.capulco Panama ,' AuK .a
olumbia ! Portland Auk
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
j Destination. Sails. | Pier.
Newport Aug. 21. 9 ami Pier 11
Humboldt .... Aug.2l. 9am Pier 13
Portland Aug. 23. 10 am Pier 12
San Diego.... Aug. 23. 11 am Pier 11
China & Japan Aug. 23. Ipm PMSS
Vie & Pgt Sd. Aug. 24. 10 am, Pier 9
Humboldt .... Aug. 24. 10 am Pier 9
Newport Aug. 9 am I'ler 11
Coob Bay Aug. 25, 10 am Pier 13
San Diego Aug.' 27, 11 am Pier 11
Portland Aug. 28, 10 am, Pier 12
Portland i Aug. 2$ ;
Vie & Pgt Sd. Aug. 29, 10 am Pier 9
Panama Aug. 23, 12 m|PMSS
Destination.
lomer i
htlkat j
olumbla ..!
anta Rosa
lenfarg ..,
iueen j
rlzaba .... ■
Oop Lay...
rcata I
omona —
tate of Col;
[ueneme ... ;
►•alia Wall
an Juan...]
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A brar.eh of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and tall
ing directions of the world are kept on h.ind
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always b* obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time baK on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
rbout ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th nwiJtan. by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from tlie United States Signal
Observatory. Mart- Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. is published
in the morning papers the following dav
Ensign (retired). U. S." X.'. In charge,
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
" Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
~ SUNDAY, AUGUST 21.
Sun rises ,' : ?1
Sun sets V.V ..n:.>4
Moon sets '- — •••• 8:37 P- m.
ClTime I Time) I Time] Timej
s! Feet 'Feet.! iFeet. Feet.
»JH W LWj HWj L W
Ul'ltM 4~7 7:27 1.3 1:46 5.2 8:14 0.9
M 2 : 32 4.4 8:04 1.8 2:21 6.2 9:14 0.7
» 3 : 44 3.9! 8:47 2.3 3:07 5.3 10:20 0.5
"I 1 5 ; 17 3.6 9:3.. 2.S| 3:58 5.4 11:31 0.2
2*l 6 : 5-. 3.6 10:47 3.1 5:02 5.6|
tl/\V H W L W jH Wj
M •:« -0.1 S:IS 3.8 12:07 3.2 6:14 5.6
2?i 146 -^).4 9:12 4.2j 1:23 3.1j 7:24, 5.7
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order Of occurrence as tr, time The
second time column gives the second tide of
th. day the third time column the third tide
and the' last or right hand column gives the
la«t tide of the day. except when there are but
thrfe tides as sometimes occur. The heights
riven are additions to the soundlnrn on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sl*n (-) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters
TIME BALL.
Brar.ch Hydrographic Office >.V 3. N. .Mer
chants 1 Exchange. San Francisco, August
20 ' 189^ . - . . -■ • . . ..■■.•.-■
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon td-dav—
1 " at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich mean tl^ p WELCH
Ensign (retired), U. S. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, August 20.
Rr stmr Glenfarg, Selby. 35 days from Hong
kong ™a Yokohama 20 days, . via Honolulu
8 ItTr Johnson. ' 14 hours from
G StXo&«i. J(p«. 59 hour- from Victoria
a s tmr° UCU Co d P m r b t i S a. Green. ESU hours from Port
lad mr V le q A v S Ma rla T^-inr r i7 hour, from Fort
Bn££ Bound south. Put in to land passen-
Bktn Archer, Calhoun. 28 days from Hono-
Fchr Mary Etta, Nyman. 15 hours from Bow-
Schf ""fern Home. Nllwon. 4 day* from
C S?h?Kate and Anna. Anderson. 3 days from
PortOrford. CIEARK b.
Saturday, ' August 20.
' Stmr Homer. Jeesen. San Pedro; Goodall.
Pe sSs" & Hu°mboldt. Bonlfleld. St Michel;
Alaska Exploration Co. -
SAILED. .
>: ; . - Saturday* August 20.
iSr cSSS?t cfty-^ockneth. Crescent City,
itrar HumboidT. Bonlfleld. 8t Michael,
ctmr ftquoia. Thwlns. southern ports.
Ihin Funhrates . Dax-ls. Queenstown. .
?chr FU-f Brothers', Jensen. Phelps Landing.
Schr Bender Brothers. WetreJ. Boweni Land
'"schr Conflanza. Jensen. Coqullle River.
RETURNED. -
Saturday, August 20.
Schr Ancelus. Guer. hence Aug IS. for Cooks
Inlet, returned en account of carrying away
martingale. TELEGRAPH IC.
POINT LOBOS-Aug. 20, 10 p. m.-Weather
hazy:' wind NW; : velocity 20 miles.
• CHARTERS.
The Albert loads mdse for Honolulu.
The Marie Hackfleld load* mdse for Liver
pool; Giuseppe, wheat, flour or barley for Eu
°Th'e "Marco Polo loads nitrate at Iqulque for
Cork 30s; A M Baxter, lumber at Seattle for
Honolulu: Maweema, mdse at Seattle for Hon
olulu; Vidette. lumber from British Columbia to
Santa Rosalia. '*'>"n^-:
Per' schr Nokomis at Port ffl Town«end-jO«
Per Bchr Xokomis at T^etd ~£m
Cape Flattery, Haw hark Diamond h^«.
Honolulu for Port Townsend.
- • DOMESTIC PORTS. _-_.
SAN PEDRO-Arrived Aug
from Tacoma; bktn. Gardiner City, irom
coma; stmr Jewel, from Caspar. us ?tmr
POINT REYES-Passed Aug 20-A u * ng , es .
, Burma, from Nanalmo, for Port Los 20-Schr
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived AUg mw—
\ N^E ONTU0 NTUR rAo^A"?ve°r A o^A"?ve°d Au 20-Stm Geo Loomis
I "cOQUIILe JUVER-Saned Aug *-** Bar
! bara Hemsi.T, for San Francisco Willamette
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 20-Stmr W warnc
hence Aug 16. Albion, for « Michael,
Sailed Aus 20-Stmr Albion for st M £i"f,5 o '
t-tmr Nararro. for San Francisco; ship Dirlgo,
for San Francisco. ,_._ MfLrklnaw
NEAH BAY— Passed Aug 19— Stmr Macxina.
from Tacoma. for San Francisco. , 90 _ Schr
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Aug 20-Scnr
Monterey, for Monterey. . c ,__ iioatraz.
NEWPORT— Arrived Aug 20— Stmr Alcatraz,
' fr pORT~LOS ANGELES-Salled Aug 20-Stmr
Coqullle River, for San Francisco y n m D a,hc
HOQUIAM-Arrived Aug 20-bChr Zampa,nc
Aug 3; schr Glendale, hence Aug 3; schr Jen
! nic Thelin. hence Aug 4. and stmr Signal
Sailed Aug 20-Schr Sadie and ""nrSlgnai^
[ for San Francisco: schr Metha Nelson, tor
H EUREKA-Sailed Aug 20-Schrs Man' Buhne
and G!en. for San Francisco ,(V_Br shlo
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug 20— sniu
Clan Macpherson. from Antwerp: ship John . C
I Potter, from Honolulu; schr Maria -t, * m $ D '
i C «r^ Vschr Neptune, for
S \?ENTVnA^ailed Aug 20-Stmr G Loomis.
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
f °k£v*m rLl' Arrived July 27-Haw bark
str>? Cltv of Rio de Janeiro, hence Jul> .3.
Br ship Euterpe from Newcastle, NSW. Aug
1-Schr Robert Lewers. from Port To * "* 3.!:
Aug 2C2 C / stmr Gaelic, hence July 26 j^r
Ship C F Sargent, from Nanaimo: U B rtmr
Philadelphia, hence July 27. Aug *^«** L '^"
Tie Vance, from Eureka; Br stmr Aorang^ fm
Sydney Aug 6-Schr E X Wood, from New
cattle NSW: bktn Planter, from^ysan Is
land: stmr St Paul, hence July 29. Auk .-
Haw bark Andrew Welch, hence July 21. Br
etmr Warrlmoo, from Victoria: schr Ere, fm
Chemalnus. Aug 8-Haw Ftrnr aialeale f m
Laysan Island; bktn Amelia, from Seattle.
Aug 10— Hr stmr Olenfarg. from Yokohama.
Sailed July 28-Br ?tmr Doric, for XOKO
hama Juls-2S-Shlp John C Potter, for Royal
Roads: ship E B Sutton. for Port Townsend;
ship Aryan, for New York; Haw bark R P
i Klthet. for San Francisco: schr Orient, for
Port Townstnd; brig G Irwin. for San Fran
cisco. July 30— Schr Transit, for San Fran
! Cisco: ship Henry Villard. for Royal Roads:
i bark Amy Turner, for Royal Roads. Aug 1—
Bark Martha Davis, for San Francisco via
• Hllo Aug 2— Br Htmr Gaelic, for Yokohama.
i Au? Jap stmr Kee Lung, for Yokohama. Aug
i 4— Stmr City of Puebla. for Manila; stmr Peru,
1 for Manila; Br stmr Aorangi. for Victoria.
i Aug 6— Br ship Otterspool. for Astoria: bktn
1 Morning Star, for San Francisco. Aug Stmr
Warrimoo. for Sydney. Aug 9— Schr Eric, for
1 Tientsin: bark C D Bryant, for San Francisco.
I Aug 10— Stmr St Paul, for Manila. Auk 11—
Schr Allen A . for Eureka; s-chr Repeat, for
Port Townsend; Haw bark Mauna Ala. for
San FrancW»co.
HONGKONG— Arrived Aug 20— Br stmr Co
lumbia, from Oregon.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Aug 20— ship Ec
clefoehan, for Hull'; Br ship Springburn. for
Cardiff. -
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Ifc^ Steamers leave Broadway
" KV^. whnrf. San Francisco:
9 KJfR/fiSa&v. For Alas' ports. 10 a. m..
S tSfi&rwSh'fe. A"* U!<t 4 - 9. 14. 19. 24. r9 ' Sept 3.
I ESS.' tviVvarft transfer at Seattle.
1 R^sm4 *£"4 For Alaskan ports (from
I KHBSjS^Btt Spear-street wharf). 10 a. m..
l'^^^ 1 August 3. 23. transfer at Port-
. • '■" f wai Fo J. vict' •-. Vancouver. (B.
r"< Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacom.a. Everett. |
Anacortes and New Whatcorn (Wash.). 10 a. j
£. August 4. 9. 14. 19. 24. 29 S?pt | and every \
1 fifth day thereafter. « >ectfauc at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska ana G. N.
. Ry . at Tacoma wit. N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver
W For Furoka y <Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m. Ana;, j
16. 12 IS. 24. 20. Sept 5 and every sixth day |
lV ft !anta Cruz. Monter-v. San S*lm«on.
1 Ca\-ucos Port Harford. (Pan Luis Oblspo).
B "vir>a' Santa B»rbara. . Ventura. Hueneme.
Pan Vedro. East San Pedro (horn Angles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Aug. 1. 5. 9. 13. 17. a, -*. »•
Sept 2 and every fourth day thereafter
For Pin Diego. F to rr .lng only at Port nar-
ford (Pan Luiß ObiPDo) Panta Barbara. '4. Port
I "S3 gSS«te»sg »*. te Jose del
i Cabo. San. Altata. La Pa^. Santa Ron-
| It" and Ouaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. ISth of
"fw fSrth^r information obtain folder. -Jjg
T-h» Vnmranv resers-es the rit?ht to chunar*
: without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
' "TICKET' OFFICE—* New Montgomery
THE 0, R. & N, 00.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berths
I AllL $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
r-ninmWa. Au -. 3, 13. 13. S»r>t. t
I sta^e of CaliVcrnla July SO. Aug. 8, IS. .28. Sept 7
St Paul ....slo 00, St. Louis $32 00
1 Kansas City .... 28 no Chicago 24 00
Omaha? T.!f.. .23 00 New York 3100
Oniana EC. WARD.' General Agent.
630 Market at.
•GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents. -
Gorcpagnis Generals Transatiantique.
French Lino to Havre.
C> mpany's pier (new). 42 North -^^5^
Rlv»r. foot of Morton st. Travelers <rJiTlf*
i by this line avoid both transit by «WJ""W>
i English railway and the discomfort of crossing '
i the channel in a small boat. New York to
I Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class. 1140;
i second class-, $116. „„ ,
i LA GASCOGNE Aug. 27. 10 a. m.
; LA TOURAINE  Sept. 3. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE Sept. 10. 10 a. m.
LA NAVARRE Sept. 17. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE Sept. 24, 10 a. m.
For further partlcula-e apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent,
No. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco.
fHß*fsff!3lP 5 The 11 ' 1 - Honolulu' and
r3|&i£HBl&, snlls vfa Honolulu and
I ■■^"■•'■■'■ Auckland for Sydney
y^.^— ->," Wednesday, September
SfwrnMllHcJ Line to COOLGAR-
OlCalllJlll'r' DIE , Australia, and
/OmPORU-CAPE TOWN. South
Ws^ \w,;,«JV!«.q| Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
■ , -- 114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
TAKE THE BOAT TO, SAN JOSE.
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY, TOO, at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO, Clay-street Wharf. Fare 75c.
Special; Rates to Excursion Parties,
. Beginning MONDAY. August 22.
FOR U. S. navy-yard AND vallejo.
'^i ;: Steamer "Monticello."
Mon.' Tues.. Wed;, Thurs. and Sat
9 45 a. m.. 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.) :
i Fridays .....1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ......... 10:30 a. m. and Bp. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pier 8.
Telephone Red 2241.
BAEL3OAD TBAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
i v; , s»«i«->1ito P«rrv.
FROM SAN FR.iNCIBCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. "8:00. - •9:20. 11:00 a. m. :
•1:45, 3:20. 4:00, 5:15. -*6:00. 6:30 p. m.
• EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rai'uel on Mondays,
Wednesdays, . Saturdays and Sundays at 11:39
"SIUNDAYS— '9:00. »10:00. 11:00. 11:39
i a. m ; 1:00. *1:45, *2:30, »4:00, 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sundays.
6:30 p. m does not run to Mill Valley Sundays.
I Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S. »6:35. 7:55, 8:25. *9:5«
a. m : *12:20, 2:10, »3:40.. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA ' TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
'; and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. ■
1 SUNDAYS— 7:OO. «8:00. •9:45. '10:45. 11:45
' i a. m.: 1:00, 2:20. »3:80. ■•6:15. ••6:00. 7:00 p. m.
• Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
1 ' WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 7:53, 8:43. 10:14
i a. m.: 12:40. 2:25. 3:55. 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA- TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
' and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. '
! SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00. 11:10 a. m.: 12:05. 1:20.
' ! 1:40. 3:55. 5:30, 6:30 p. m.
>■■■: ; THROUGH TRAINS. :
' 7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m Sa.urdays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
: 6:16 p. m. week days (Saturday excepted)—
males and way stations. ..--•-
1 8:00 a. m Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
I 1:46 b. m. Sucdaya— Point Reyes and way ata'n*
BAHjIIOAD T&AVSIh I
NOVTHKKN r.4<'l»'lC t'OMFART.
(pacikic HvtrreM.) .5^ ,
rrwtm !•»«<• nu<lnre .lit" 1» »rrl»» mSfJ
WAN I'R.4M!IM'«. '
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From July 10. 1393. — arrivb
~«iOOa Niks. S»u Jose and Way Stations... * •*• : 4 ."5 *
7:OO\ Wenioia, Buisun and .Sacramttnto 10:45 A
7 -.oo a MarysTiSle, OroTilleand Redding tU
- Wo.xllaiu'. 8:45r
7:00 a Klnr.liu. Vacavllle and Rumscy 8:45p
7:30 a Martinez. San lUraon.ValleJo. Napa,
Cttlint-jpii ami Santa Rosa 6:13?
*:««>« Atlantic lCxrr-"«. Ojtlen ami Rut,. Ss-«sp
N:»oa .Sun .lose. Stuck ton. Valley Spring,
lone. - Sacramento. Marys«ill«v
Chico, Tt-Uama aud Red ItiiilT.... 4tl.i P
M:HOa Peters, Oakdalo and Jamestown.... 7:15p
■till) Milton •7:1.1.'
DsOUa New Orleans Kiiiress. Merced. Tres-
no, ItatierslieM. .Santa l!»rt.»ra,
]...» AnttaM. Demt'.g. El I'aso,
New Orleans and But 0i4.1p
I0:OOa VcJK-j;'. Martinez and Way Stations 7:45p
•I:OOp unen to Itlrer Btei.ni.iß ■!»:<•(.,
San Jose, Nlles ainl Way Station!). . . 1«:I3a
2:OOf Lirermore, Meudota, H^nford and
Visalit*...-.... 4:1
.... U»ern»ore. San Jose, Niles and Way
5tati0n5......... :iO:l^»
4:U»r M-irtiiie/., Han Uaiuon. Vallejn,
Nn)-.a. <'»'lat<>i;». Xl V«ra;io and
B»nta JCo»a Uilßa
4:««r Beniolft. Vacntllle. Wooillaod.
Kuiclits Landing, MarytYHle. Oto-
rillt) Mill HncriwMMito 10: 13a
4::i<»p Nilen. San Jose, Tracy aud Stockton 7:15..
4:30r Stockton and L0dL............ I»il3t
4:30P Lathrop, Motlesto, Merced, Fresno,
Mojito, Sauta J?arbara and l.oa
Angelas .- 7 ■«.■»»
4:30f Martinez. Merccxl (Raymond for
Yo»6mita)and Fresno lU:l3p
4::iO»> Mania K. Jtoute. Atlantic Kxpress
for Mojave ami Kant....... «:«rip
n>OOi> Kuro|H>»u Mail, Ogden aud Kast.... »:43a
••:«»!• J .nlV.NYl^nm, Han .W. ?:l? :l . 3a
fl. • ll.nnar.l«. Nil«n»-t ha.. .1°?*.. .. ... ?<4S A
17: OOp ViJleK Port Coeta and Way St*.
8:OOP Ore r QJ^S^ "W f-*** H
8: ««p Oregon %S™gf£££ --
Si,,-',,! an.l K«J»t *:ia«, I
' SAN LKA.MMtO AMI lI.WWAKB* I.UCAI,.
(Foot of Market Street.)
<! JIHrOMt, scniinary l'«rh, f ' : V^*
g«O»A. Kite ltl. 11 re, Klmlinrat, 10-i,
»:OOa 8 » l^an.lro. South Saa \ut~,t
j.t'SS? Leandro, »tu.llllo, ii:i £
ti]>oOM Loreneo, Cherry M ,4 5 p
i'.^'JJ and t*:«sp
*.Vo«p ll«ywan!«. tS:4Zr
7iUOr « Runs through to Nllea. 7:43 v
1 1 From Nlleii. l
■ tOAST lUVIsION (Narrow (*«■*«>•
(Foot of Market Street.}
~t*.43A Santa Cmz Excursion, SanU Crua ~~~~
1..45 A and Princii-al Way Stations JStOSr
8: 1 9 A. Newark. Con B*nJo«e, Fel \toa.
Boulder Creck.BanU Cruz and Way
Stations 4«»0»
•SslOr Newark, Centerrille, San Jom, Now
Almaden, Felton. Boulder Cre*>k,
Santa Crez and Principal Way
Stations ...»'- • • - "1 '!«"*
4:13P San Jose, OleVwood * Way Station. »:2« 1
04:13p Boulder Creek and Santa Crux jM:2»a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From 841 fR»i(OISCO-ro«t of Market SJrt.t (Slip '»>-
•715 9:00 11:00 a. 11. tl:00 *2:00 t3:C3
•i:00 t5:00 *6:00r.i1.
rromOAUAKD-r».torßra»dw»y.--8:00 8:00 10:00*. m.
(12:00 •1:00 :3:00 -3:00 ti:QO *B:QOr.M.
COAST VISION (Broad Okage). ~*
(Third and Towmsnd SU.)
•7:OOa Ban .los« »n>l Way Stations (New
Alniadoti Wednesday* only) li*«*
;~::iOa Sunday Excursion for Ban Jose»
Suit* Cruz, Pacific Giotb and
Principal Way Stations v J»«*»»
9:00 a San Jiixe. 'i'lts I'inos, Hitnta Crux,
PhclMc <3roTo. Paso Hoble*. San
Luis Oliispo, Ouadalupe, Surf and
I'rincii'iil Way Stations 4:] Or
IA:1O* Han .lose ami Way .Stations *B:lM>a.
Unto a San Jose and War Stations «8:35*
•s<:43r San Mat. o. Redwood. Menlo Park,
Pilo Alto. Santa Clara. -San .Ins*
Gllrny. Hollister, Santa Cms.
Bxlinas, Monterey and Pacific
(irnre # IO»8«J..
•:«i»op Han Jose and Way Stations "9:00 a
• 1:1 : r»». San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•Stoop San Jose and Principal Way Stations «:~^a m
s::t(Vc San.Toae ami Principal Way Stations s:3i»p |
«i:ltOr San Jcsc Way citations 7:3<>p
<ll>-i.lr San Jose ai:<l Way Statluus 7iaoy
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
I • Sundays oxcepteil. I Sundays only. ' .S»tiir<l»y» only
; 4 Buodays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sunday*.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m. : 12:35,
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — trips at 1:50 ,
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m. 1:30, 2:30,
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:SO, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:43,
3:40, 5:10 p. •m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS S:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. m. : 1:40.' 3:40. -
5:00. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
— June 29,
Week I Sun- 189 S. . Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. days. | Days.
7-30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40aml B:4oam
3:30 praj 9:3oam Petaluma. 6:10 10:25 am
6:10 pm! s:oopm Santa Rosa. 7:3spmj 6:22 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburs.
' Lytton,
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7 -30 am I I Hopland and I 110:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am| Uklah. | 7:3s pmj 6:22pm
7:30 am I 110:25 am.
8:00 am GuerneviUe. 7:35pm) 1 i
3:30 pm j I I 6:22pm
7:3oam 8:O0am Sonoma [10:40am| B:4oam
and
s:lo pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 1 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7-30 ami 8:00 ami Sebastopol. 110:40 am)10:25 am
3 :30pm 1 s:oo pm| [ 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
serville for Skaggrs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hoplarjd for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at I.'kiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga,
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
Lake Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's. River-
side Lierley's. Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights.
Hulivllle, Booneville. Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport. Usal.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.':' ;-;..-">
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 6.V) Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
AW FOSTER. R- X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
»» — — — — — ■
Santa Fe Route 1
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car*
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Ron on the Following Time
Leave Ban Franci»oo.4:3o p. m.. aM.T.W.T.F.B.
Arrive Denver 5:00 p. m.. W.T.F.S.S.M-T.
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m.. T.P.8.8.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis 8:15 p. m.. T.F.6.5.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago- .....»:00 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W. \
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Servo Superior Meals at Very Reason*
able Rates.
YOU WILL BE COMFOWT&BLB
If You Travel on the Santa Pa.
SHI FRJUCISCO TICKET OFFICE— III MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531-
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol. J Street.
Ean Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Clara St..
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY,
From June 1, 189S, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. J . North-bound.^
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Sta- Sunday "•*"•
Daily. Exc'ptd tlons. Exc'ptd Daily-
7:20 ami 9:00 am Stockton ! 3:45 pmj s:4" pm
9:loam 12:50pm Merced l; pm 3.ojpm
10:40 am 3:50 pm Fresno 9:3oam •' nm
11:3- am 6:43 pml Hanford ! 7 : £ a ™ 10-nam
2:15 pm 11:50 pm Bakersfleld *;»?" X 5sS5
12:05 pm! 7:sopm | Vlsalla 64"ani I---
Stopping at intermediate points as Z^l^'ct
Connocttons-At Stockton with ?te!li r!f' >." m
California Navigation and nt Co m-
pany. leaving San Francisco and st ' ; 10 , atJB
p. m. daily; at Merced with stag*" to and from
Snelllngs. Coultervllle. -Yoßemite. eta. also
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY. '
(Via Sausalito Ferry.) -■■ v
Leave San Francisco, commencing May 1. J
1898 "
Week Days-9:3C a. m.. »•««>* 5:15 11 - d
Sundays-8:00. 9:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1.45 and
2 RoSnd m trip from Mill Valley. U. ™ >*aruet
THOS. COOK A SOX. Agents, 021 Market
street, San Francisco.
-.:-.■ - ' 'BOYS' AND GIRLS PAGE
BINNIE AND
NED IN CUBA
'• •'. '[Synopsis of Preceding Chapters— and
-.JCed"^f«re- leading a company of Cuban troopers
; td the;- rescue of Julia when they saw ahead of
: th<?tTi -the' Spanish captain and his men. who
■. held. -Julia a prisoner. They charged over a
: brlflffe. "and were met on the bridge by the
.-Spanish- soldiers. The bridge fell and all the
■: ..Spaniard's except their captain were killed by
■ ' talHtiK-upon Japped rocks in the bottom of a
■: 'd"pep "canyon. Binnie and Ned were the only
• survivors of their party. As the Spanish cap-:
. taift -tried to climb up the Fi<le of the canyon
. -he--, •vya's" shot by the Spanish spy. Ramirez, with
■•.■whpm'.he' quarreled. Ramirez then fled toward
•■ Santiago de Cuba. Julia had escaped from the
;'," Spanish camp before Ramirez reached the camp
; .up.-t:> lier return. She went to the bottom of
■•the. canyon and found Blnnle and Ned alive.
' ■Ay.hpn they had regained their strength Binnie
'■• and'- Ned Journeyed toward the city or Santiago
": -de- -'Cuba, 'expecting to meet Harry Ostend on
._ the- .Way:]
':■:■:■ Jj '-' CHAPTER V.
f.-HE excitement in the city of San
"■ . I-., .tiago de Cuba was intense. From
■: : |. '.the heights 'back of the city the
... -t, Spaniards daily watched the as
„'; sembllng of a great fleet of American
•....war .vessels, under ■ ie command of Ad
•' jriiral. Sampson. Everyday the city
■-■- shook" to the sound of bombs which,
•flying over the doomed place, shrieked
'■ out their message of wrath. They gave
'"evidence that the Yankees were trying
• the range of their Teat guns.
'.;•. Occasionally-, but not often, the guns
• of Morro Castle, at the entrance of the
4 harbor, made sullen reply. A fleet of
: : Spanish warships, under the command
.of Admiral Cervera lay at anchor in
the .bay. The coming of these" vessels
"had been hailed by the Spanish soldiers
••in the city with joy, for thej- had fondly
: imagined that the fleet was more than
■'.a' match for any fleet that the Amer
icans could bring against it. Now that
•■the" Americans were guarding the
.'. mouth of the harbor, to keep the Span
■ ifih. squadron from sailing away, the
'•soldiers began to murmur because Cer
. veramade no attempt to go forth to
. -fight.
• In a private room in the Palace of the
"."Governor of the province of Santiago
■de Cuba we now see. General Linares
•and Admiral Cervera sitting in council.
LITTLE GIRL OF OAKLAND.
THE funniest little girl of them all
Is the Oakland girl. I guess.
She learns to race when she is small,
And can beat the fast express.
.• • ■ For the first thing graven on her small brain
Is, "We must catch the ii:ii train."
And all her nights and all her days
Are haunted by some old clock,
Whose every tick too plainly says.
'"The train is on the next block."
■ .• And oft she jumps, grabs her dolly's clothes,
"•' ' And says, '"Tis time to run, I 'spose."
An orderly sergeant announces that
■ ' -'Sen or Carvaljo wishes to speak with
•General Linares, the commander of the
' .Spanish army in the city. He is bid
' ":Oeri to enter and he shortly is engaged
' :in,.fonversation with the Spanish com
■ ; ina-nders.
■.'•;* .-'-you bring late news from the front,
•isf-nor?" asked Linares.
'YeS; the American soldiers are
. ■ Steadily advancing. They have landed
• ; JJoVOQO ■' men at Baiquiri. I hear that
■ th?re is a large fleet of transports on
the /way. bringing other thousands."
•: : "'Let them come," said Linares grim
jy.:: ."•Since the great fleet of Admiral
: O-rver'a's command is not to go forth
■to drive away the American fleet, per
haps the admiral will be able to help
.. l:^ with his big guns to hold the city
a'g-a'inst the attack by land."
'How Is that?" demanded Senor Car
: vaJJo. "Has the fleet been ordered not
■ i&'.go out?"
. ; The general's lips trembled with sub-
: du'ed. excitement, but his answer was
-sarcastic. "This is a safe place for the
fleet," he said with a sneer; "here the
admiral can rest for a time, after his
dangerous voyage across the great
:bcean^"
-,; Cfervera leaped to his feet and his
iight hand was upon the hilt of the
by his side. "Enough, brave
7?r-neral," he said; "no longer will you
'have an opportunity to hint at coward
ice :oh my part. Were the occasion dlf
■ierent you would be compelled to take
• back your words. As it now is "
."'The sentence was never finished.
Admiral Cerverajpose to go. His face
!. : was flushed with anger and he con
trailed his temper only with much dif
ficulty.
. ."Gentlemen*" interposed Senor Car
valjo, "this is no time for the friends
Vbf Spain to quarrel. The King has no
' .friends that he can spare. Save the
erl-g.es of your swords and also of your
■ts for the Americans."
• His words prevailed. General Lin
ares and Admiral Cervera resumed
■.••their conference. Offl'ciaJ .secrets were
-folly considered. Senor Carvaljo had
•■' the full confidence of both commanders.
...He was not a Spaniard. The com
manders of the Spanish army and navy
■ thought that he was a Mexican. lie
.had. brought from General Blanco let
.-. ter«- telling of a Mexican expedition
: 'vrhlch' would come to the aid of the
Spanish in Cuba. Sc-nor Carv;tl)o vras
.'-gent ahead <>f the expedition to make
arrangements for the Mexican volun
teers-. So ran the letters of General
.Blanco to General Linares, and Gen
. eral Linares believed.
'• Look carefully at Senor Carvaljo as
he -passes out from the council cham
• ber, after he hae learned all the plans
of the Spaniards. Have you ever seen
•him before? Surely there Is .somehing
■familiar in the brave eyes which now
have -.a iook of triumph in them. This
,fenor Carvaljo is no other than the
..'.ring Harry Ostend! How adroit and
'.daring he is you may not have known
•fully. Once his identity is known to the
Spaniards, his life is not worth a rush.
•Knowing all this he is playing a great
.part for the sake of his native land.
■ The smile upon his handsome face is
I
natural. In fact he feels no fear.
How he made his way to Havana;
how he gained the confidence of Gen
eral Blanco, and succeeded in learning
all the secrets of the defenses of that
city; how he managed to carry his In
formation under cover of night to the
blockading American vessels off Ha
vana; how, finally he arrived with
Blanco's valuable letter of introduction
at Santiago de Cuba and there entered
upon the work of a spy to furnish in
formation to Admiral Sampson and
General Shafter of the American in
vading force is a long story, which can
not be told here. His future movements
are of more pressing importance.
"You leave us to-night, senor?" asked
Linares as Mr. Ostend left the room.
"Yes; time is precious. My men must
have landed secretly, and I go to hurry
them forward to the defense at Santi
ago."
"Beware of the tricky Americans.
These were the last words of Linares
as Mr. Ostend mounted a fleet horse.
Mr. Ostend answered, "I think that I
know a Yankee trick or two myself."
As Mr. Ostend rode out through the
eastern approach to the city a solitary
horseman passed him. The stranger
started in his saddle with an uncon
trollable impulse. His movement was
noticed by Mr. Ostend, whose watch
ful eyes observed everything that came
within range of the vision. He. was
surprised because he could not remem
ber that he had ever seen t.is person
before; but the acts of the stranger
had betrayed clearly that he recog
nized Ostend.
"The dangers around me are thick
ening," he thought as he rode for
ward more rapidly. I must hurry or
that man may prevent me from mak
ing my expected visit to « Admiral
Sampson."
The stranger in turn hurried on. He
evidently knew all the roads to San
tiago and he was saluted by several
officers as he passed, indicating that
he was a person of importance. Once
he stopped to get from an officer the
word which would permit him to freely
pass all the sentries. This was given
without hesitation, and he spurred on.
He went directly to General Linares'
headquarters and asked to see the
genera] upon important business.
"Welcome, Ramirez," said the gen
eral as the new-comer entered — for the
stranger was no other than the treach
erous Cuban, who wae now acting as a
Spanish spy.
"Thanks, general, but I Save come
to tell you that a most dangerous
American spy has just left the city. I
!: ■ ' him as T rode in."
"A spy — who is he — this wonderfully
THE MflD CHASE OF THE BUMPKINS BY LAND AND BY WATER IN fllD OF THEIR UNLUCKY LANDLADY.
dangerous person?"
"He is none other than Ostend, who
is the most skillful and daring; of all
Americans engared In the secret serv
ice."
"We will see."
In a few minutes a Spanish sergeant
at the head of a squad of Spanish
horsemen dnrted from tho city in hot
pursuit of Mr. Ostend. Beside the ser
geant rede Ramirez. He had again to
plan to save himself from possible
vengeance for the death of Binnie and
Ned, for he supposed them to be dead.
Ostend would learn the truth the spy
knew: but with Ostend in the hands
of the Spanish as a spy to be tried and
convicted there would be nothing for
him to fear — only the Senorita Julia.
Where was she? Seizing fresh horses
in relay as they rode on, the Span
iards had no difficulty in gaining upon
Mr. Ostend. In fact^ as they fired their
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, . SUNDAY, AUGt'ST 21, 1893.
pistols to attract his attention, he
turned in his saddle. Realizing the
situation, he reined in his horse on the
crest of a hill. and waited for his pur
euers to come up.
The Spanish spy glared at him tri
umphantly as Mr. Ostend was taken
back to the city as a prisoner. As they
rode a bomb from an American ship
fell near them and exploded. The
Spaniards scattered one and all. Mr.
Ostend only smiled coolly and made no
attempt to escape. It was nierht be
fore the party were fairly in the city.
Acting under the direction of Ramirez
the Spanish s-rgeant took Mr. Ostend
to a dungeon, in which hf was to pass
the night, it being too late to disturb
the easy-going and banauet-loving
General Linares, who was then enter
taining friends at dinner.
Mr. Ostend slept as quietly and
sweetly in his dungeon cell as he might
have slept at home or upon the yacht
California. His position was truly criti
cal. In a few hours General Linares
would learn that there were no Mexi
cans coming to his rescue and that the
story Ostend had been compelled to
tell to tret his confidence was false.
Then Ostend would meet the tragic
fate of the other spies— he would surely
be shot — unless Binnie should come
upon the scene.
His thoughts traveled to Binnie and
his last thought before he went to sleep
was of Binnie, coupled with the wish
that the adventurous lad and his com
panion Ned might be safe; and that
they might not be brought into dan
gers which they could not escape by
following out his own instructions to
them to meet him upon the road over
which he had been traveling when he
NED IS FIRED ON BY THE SPANISH SOLDIERS WHILE HE MAKES HIS NIGHT JOURNEY.
was made a prisoner.
When the moon rose late that night
the light of the orb fell upon three per
sons who were Journeying on horseback
along the road leading to the eastern
approach to the cty of Santiago de
Cuba. One of these was a girl. The
others were dressed as Spanish sol
diers. One wore the uniform of a
Spanish captain. The other was dressed
as a private in the Spanish infantry
service.
The officer led the way into the city
and drove them to the prison in which
Mr. Ostend was a prisoner. He led th«
way through the stone corridor and
the light of a lantern fell upon the face
of the girl. It was the Senorlta. Julia!
The officer took a receipt from the
jailer for the prisoner, and he th^n
disappeared in the night.
How did Julia come to be in this
perilous position? She, who was known
to be the holder of all the secrets of the
Cubans who lived in the mountains of
Eastern Cuba! She, whose services for
Cuba were considered to be no danger
ous to the Spanish arms that General
Blanco had sent out a party to take her
prisoner! She was here a captive. Who
wan the officer who had found her and
brought her here! Disguiße himself in
the Spanish uniform as he may he can
not deceive vs — not even when he has
fastened to his face these fierce Spanish
nuiHtuchlos. He is Binnie — and his com
rade, he who is dressed as the private
Spanish soldier? He is surely Ned.
Wonder of wonders and horror of hor
rors! Can it be that Binnie and Ned
have turned traitors to Julia and to the
cause of Cuba?
When the guard was changed in the
dungeon that night a sentinel stopped
in front of the coll where Mr. Ostend
was in durance, and looked with poor
ly disguised surprise at the prisoner.
EDITED BY
DAVID H. WALKER
Mr. Ostend awoke suddenly. He saw
the eyes of the sentry and knew him.
From his pocket he took a fragment of
paper and speedily wrote upon It these
words:
Admiral Sampson: Cervera and Lin
ares have quarreled. Cervera will seek
instructions from Spain to dash from the
harbor to escape. I am a prisoner, held
as a spy; may be shot to-morrow. %V atch
for Cervera. HARRY OSTEND.
This he passed to Ned, who was by
chance the sentine-l. He took it and
concealed It carefully. Soon after the
sentinels in the Jail were again changed.
Harry Ostend was awakened by the
sound of riile shots. These continued
some minutes. Ned had succeeded in
petting away on a log in the darkness
and had drifted down in range of an
electric searchlight on Morro Castle.
The Spanish sharpshooters who were
doing guard duty saw the log and
opened fire upon it. Ned realized that
his only chance to escape upon the tide,
which was running out. toward the
American fleet, was to keep perfectly
still. Thus he might escape notice.
Around him the water bubbled with the
bullrts, which came uncomfortably
close, singing very spitefully. Twice
the log was struck. Then a keen pain
shot through Ned's form. He knew
that he had been shot in one arm — his
right arm. Still he was motionless and
did not cry out. The tide ran quite fast
and he was soon out of range of the
searchlight. The Spanish soldiers did
not send out a boat, having been con
vinced that what they had fired at was
only driftwood.
Far, far away glimmered the lights
of the American fleet. Ned now fear
ed that he would be compelled by weak
ness to let go his hold upon the log.
The wound that he had received bled
steadily. He was not to end his career
bo. An American launch, manned by
men from the battleship Oregon, was
out scouting. The low cry that Ned
made for help was heard by the men
on the launch. He was taken on board
and carried the message that Harry
Ostend had sent to Admiral Sampson.
Ned went to the admiral's cabin and
delivered his message. Then, over
come by the loss of blood, by his exer
tions and the excitement and fatigue
of several days of work, he reeled and
fell fainting into Admiral Sampson's
arms. The admiral gave an order that
he should be well cared for, and Ned
was placed in a bunk upon the flag
ship.
It is necessary to explain here how
Blnrrie, Ned and Julia came to enter
the city of Santiago de Cuba in the
manner already narrated. Julia dis
covered that the two boys were alive
in the canyon where the Cubans and
Spanish troopers went down. She
nursed them carefully back to life.
They had no bones broken, and, re
markable to say, neither was found to
be seriously hurt. At the end of a few
days they were ready to go forward
together. They all agreed that the
most important service they could per
form for Cuba at that time was to Dre
vent Ramirez from telling all that he
knew about the Cuban mountaineers.
Having this end in view they directed
their way toward Santiago de Cuba.
To enter" the city Binnie devised the
plan of a disguise for himself and for
Ned. He still had in his possession the
letter in which General Blanco had
authorized the unfortunate Spanish
cantain to arrest tho Senorita Julia. It
was a bold venture to go into Santiago
as a Spanish officer, but the boldest
plan was undoubtedly the safest, under
all the circumstances.
Ned was now safe for the present;
but what of Julia and Mr. Ostend?
What of Binnie? Ramirez was in the
city, interested in the fate of Mr. Os
tend. Ramirez misrht know Binnie and
betray him. Binnie could not go away
until he had tried to have Ramirez pun
ished. For this purpose Julia, Binnie
and Ned had taken such great risk.
Julia was a prisoner that Binnie might
have an excuse for being in the city.
Would they all be shot? The day to
come might bring disaster to all.
D. H. W.
(To be continued.)
DOLLY ON GUARD.
Cozy in a corner of the big lounge she
lies.
Sleeping in the shadows of her tight
closed eyes;
Dreaming of play and the long, long day.
And her dimpled little dollle, who never
runs away,
For dollie keeps so still, and eyes opened
wide,
And she couldn't go to sleep if she tried!
Oh, you know, it wouldn't do for the two
to doze.
For rats might nibble the little girl's
toes —
Right through her shoes— or brother
might come
With the rubby-dum of his new snare
drum!
So, dollie, with pride, keeps her eyes open
wide,
And watches and waits at the little girl's
side.
THE CHIPMUNK'S STRIPE.
By MINNEHAHA.
Once upon a time the porcupine was
appointed to be a leader of all the ani
mals. Soon after his appointment he
called them all together and presented
the question, "Shall we have night all
the time and darkness or daylight with
sunshine?" This was a very impor
tant question, ajid a violent discussion
arose, some wishing for daylight and
the sun to rule and others for contin
ual night.
The chipmunk wished for night and
day, weeks and months, and night to be
separate from the days, so he began to
sing "The Light Will Come: We Must
Have Light," which he continued to re
peat. Meanwhile the bear began sing
ing, "Night Is Best; We Must Have
Darkness."
While the chipmunk was singing the
day began to dawn. Then the other
party saw that the chipmunk was pre
vailing, and was very angry, and their
leader, the bear, pursued the chip
munk, who managed to escape uninjur
ed, the huge paw of the bear simply
grazing his back as he entered his hole
in a hollow tree, leaving its black im
print, which the chipmunk has ever
since retained. But night and day have
ever continued to alternate.
LITTLE TIP'S TRICKS.
BY E. L.
WHEN papa brought Tip home
first he just didn't know any
thing—l mean Tip didn't. And
papa said to me:
"Tip is only a young pup,
Ethel, and you can easily teach him
anything you wish. He will be a well
behaved or a badly behaved doggie,
Just as you make him."
I thought it would be great fun to
teach Tip to be good, but, my— what a
bother that dog was. He was lots worse
than takinp care of a doll. You have
to put a doll away when you have done
playing with it. for fear the baby will
get it and break its head, and you have
to remember not to leave it out on the
grass, for fear it might get rained on,
and things like that. But, dear me,
Tip was worse than a dozen dolls.
When I got tired of playing with
him I couldn't put him away, like I can
Laura Louise, for he would follow me
all over the house, whether I wanted
him to go or not. Very often I did
want him, but sometimes I didn't. He
would shake shoes or hats or anything
he could find about, and although I
whipped him for it lots of times, he
kept on doing it whenever he got a
chance.
Once he trotted after me down to
Mollie Foster's house. Mollie wanted
to show me her new wheel, and while
we were looking at it Tip pulled down
Mollies new summer hat from a chair
and before I could stop him he bit off a
big mouthful of daisies.
Mrs. Foster said: "Gracious, what a
bad dog! Don't brine: him here again,
Ethel!" I didn't blame her much, and
Tip had chewed up all the daisies be
fore we could get them away from him.
Well, that made ir.e feel very bad, of
course. I never thought Mollies hat
was very pretty, but it looked awful
after Tip eat up those daisies. Mamma
offered to buy Mollie some new flowers,
but she wouldn't take 'em. She wore
that dreadful hat for at least a month.
I couldn't help laughing every time I
saw it.
After that I tried harder to make Tip
behave. It took me six montliJ to teach
him not to tear up things he found on
the floor. And I think even now he
shakes things when I'm not looking at
him. I wonder if mothers have as much
trouble with their children as I have
with Tip? And sometimes mothers
have six children. Gracious! Suppose
I had six Tips, and had to make them
all behave. How awful it would be!
But Tip did learn to behave himself
all tie better as he got older. One use
ful thing I taught him I must tell you
about.
Tip always loved to run out in the
rain. When he came into the house
again he would walk with his muddy
feet all over the carpets and curtains.
Sometimes he's jump up on the chairs.
Mamma told me how bad it was of
Tip and how dirty he made the furni
ture. She drove him out of the parlor
lots of times, but he would come in
again.
So I thought I would teach Tip to
wipe his feet on the door mat when he
came In from out of doors. I took him
COME right here, yo' picanniny, what's de matter wif yo' now?
Shet yo' mouf an' stop dat makin' of a' everlastin' row.
What's de matter wif yo' apron? Why it's wringin' soppin' wet;
Tells yo' not to play in wata'; but yo' ebry day forget.
An' I clar befo' de Lawd, I gwine a beat yo' black an' blue;
Fo' dabblin' in de wata.' 'til yo' close is soppin' frough!
What yo' fink my time is good fo'* Jest to wash and iron yo' close?
Fse gwine a verigate yo' body, from yo' neck down to yo' toes.
Twasn't wata'! Fink I'se b!in\ chile? Wata'— melon did yo' say?
An' yo' "broder's got de odder half"; go call him right away.
Tell him bring dat here dis minnit; tell him bring it here to me,
An' I let yo' off dat whippin', jest fo' mercy, do yo' see?
out in the rain one day and Ralph—
that's my big brother— saw me go and
he said:
"What are you going to do, Ethel?"
I told him I was going to educate Tip
and he said he'd come out and see me
So I let Tip get his feet awful muddy
and then I took hh.i to the door mat
on the porch and wiped his feet again
and again till I made him understand
what I wanted him to do.
Ralph stood and laughed at me while
I was doing it and every time Ralph
laughed Tip would stop wiping his feet
LITTLE GIRL OF BERKELEY.
THE Berkeley small girl knows the most,
That's what the small boys say.
The mortar board's her choicest boast,
And it makes her cute and gay.
And she knows all about when the term begins,
And who the football championship wins.
At six she gets a taste of "ology,"
At seven she knows a few small isms.
At eight she owes to none apology —
Her mental lights are clear as prisms!
Next year she ransacks Poesy's shelf;
One reason may be she's Nine herself.
and bark at Ralph. It was awful hard
work, but I did make Tip know what I
meant when I said:
•'Wipe your feet. Tip!"
Then when I told him to do It himself
he struggled and tried to get away and
acted just like a bad little boy that
doesn't want to learn his lesson. But
I persevered, though Ralph laughed
and Tip barked and I felt very hot and
uncomfortable all the time. I made Tip
know what I meant, and then I made
him do it when I told him.
After that, whenever Tip ran into the
house with muddy feet, if mamma or
I said to him: "Go, wipe your feet,
Tip!" he always ran out to the door
mat and wiped them. It was such fun
to see him do it!
Papa says Tip taught me ac much as
I taught him. I don't exactly know
what he meant. But I often wonder
if mamma had as much trouble teach
ing me to be good as I have teaching
Tip.
It was a very hot day, and little Hel
en having noticed her father looking at
the thermometer several times, asked
him about It. "When it's away up,"
he replied, "the weather is hot and
when it's away down it's cool." When
he went to consult it again later it had
disappeared and he asked Helen what
had become of it. "Why," she replied,
"I took zat old fermometer way down
in ze cellar, so it would det tooler."
WALKING IN
THE COUNTRY.
BY ALMA D. AHLERS.
ONE morning we got up very early,
because we were going to the
country. On the way we noticed
many beautiful birds chirping
merrily in the branches of the
trees. Some bad boys were throwing
stones at the birds. The mother bird
was afraid that she could not get the
little birds to fly away with her. After
a little while the boys went away. Then
we went on, and saw some cows.
Finally we came to a little brook,
where horses came to quench their
thirst, and we were so hungry that
we sat under a tree to eat our lunch,
because it was so cool. The flowers
were very beautiful, and the grass was
so high that Mary's little feet gpt
twisted in the grass and she tripped.
She fell, but did not pet hurt. We made
wreaths of flowers and twined them
around our hats. The orchard . was
filled with pear trees, and we went in
and got a big pear and ate it. The
grass was green, and there were little
hills around. We rolled down the
hill, and the little children found it
much fun. lfi!>3B
— >
THE CHILDREN'S FUN.
The late Bill Nye was fond of telling
this story of his little daughter: At
the dinner table one day there was a
party of guests for whom Mr. Nye was
doing his best in the way of entertain
ment. A lady turned to the little girl.
"Your father is a very funny man."
said she.
"Yes," responded the child, "when we
have company."
It was the first time Johnny had ever
heard a guinea hen.
"Oh, ma!" he shouted, "come and
hear the chicken a-windin' itself up."
Gracie — Mamma, what does Santa
Claus do after Christmas?
Mamma — "Why. he begins to collect
toys for the following Christmas.
Gracie — Oh, I know! He reads the pa
pers and watches out for bargain sales.
AT BABY'S BEDTIME.
By EBEN E. REXFORD.
This is baby's bedtime;
My little one comes to me
In her snowy little nightgown.
And kneels down at my knee:
And I fancy a sweet chlld-angel
Is for a time my guest.
And she says her little prayer over
With her hands upon her breast.
"Now I lay me," she whispers,
In low voice, "down to sleep;
I nray the Lord"— and the blue eye*
Half close — "my soul to keep.
If I should die"— Oh! the shiver
At my heart! — "before I wake
I pray the Lord!" — and the eyelids
Droop low— "my soul to take."
Then I lift up the little one, clasping
Her close to my loving heart
And give her warm good-night klssea
Till the closed lids break apart
As the leaves ao folding a flower.
And the violets of her eyes
Look up in their drowsy fashton.
And smile at me angel-wise.
"Dood-night," she whispers me softly
And sleepily, with a kiss
That lingers with me in slumber,
And stirs my heart with bliss.
As I think of the little one, dreaming,
With her head against my breast;
Till my sleep is as full of rapture
As her dreaming is of rest.
"Ma, can't I go to the show and see
the wild man?"
"No, child. I'll do the best I can for
you. I'll iron all the buttonholes out of
your father's shirts."
SHE WENT OUT TO TEA.
"My little girl, I hope you tried
Your very best to be
Quite ladylike and well behaved
When you were out at tea.
"And that you said 'Yes, if. you please,'
When things were offered you;
Or, 'No, I thank you,' quietly.
Just as I told you to."
"Well, mamma, dear, I smiled and said,
'Yes, thank you,' so polite;
And, 'If you please," and sat up straight,
And always acted right.
"I didn't say, 'No, thank you," though.
Because, mamma, you see
I wanted all they helped me to-
When I went out to tea."
3132
FRATERNAL NEWS.
Continued from Paire Twenty-efpht.
were installed last week by Supreme
Grand Secretary Mrs. F. N. Morrow and
Miss Rosio Banz, supreme grand Inside
guard. •
Miss Mamie Garrity. past chief com
panion of California Circle, and Mrs.
Mamie Axtel, past chief companion of
Justice Circle, have each been presented
a handsome token of appreciation by
their respective circles.
Eureka Circle announces that it has
eight candidates to initiate.
Last- Tuesday night a club, composed
of members or Golden Circle, gave "an
evening at home," which was a great suc
cess in every way.
The grand party by Loyal Circle is to
be given on Thusrday night next in For
esters' building and it will, so the com
mittee asserts, be one of the grandest
ever given by this popular circle.
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
On Monday night last Lincoln Lodge
held a meeting in Washington Hall which
was attended by nearly thirty of the
members. There wero among the
visitors: Supreme President Mrs.
1C 12. McLane and Past Su
preme Presidents Mrs. Mackrett and
Mrs. Boehm. One candidate was initi
ated. Mrs. H. B. Burlingame was rec
ommended for deputy grand president for
the lodge, and the lodge was entertained
by its modest member with amusing stor
ies.
Pioneer Lodge is to give a red, white
and blue party In Washington Hall on the
evening of the 30th inst.
Richmond Lodge, which Is increasing in
membership, gave a party a few evenings
sim •• which vv-."irf well attended.
America Lodge will shortly initiate nirre
[dates, that number of applications
having been received at the last held
YOT'NG MEN'S INSTTTTTE.
At ho-art quarters every- one Is busy pre
paring for the Grand Council that is to
mf»et next Monday in San Jose.
The laws and supervision committee
met last Wednesday and arranged a num
ber of amendments thnt are to be pre
sented to the Srand Council.
The lecture bureau will hold its final
meeting to-day to make up a report of
the work done during its term.
Councils :;">. 56 and 460 held a district
meeting at headquarters last Tuesday, on
Thursday Councils 1. 4 and 34 held a like
meeting and on Friday iliere was a dis
trict meeting of Councils 32, T2. 74 ;ind si/8. j
I/est Wednesday Borrnmean Council
tendered a reception to Rev. J. McAullffe.
ust returned from the East, where
be was ordainr-d.
Golden Gate Council will give a social to
Its friends on the evening of S.-ptembr 14.
■ Council No. 55 will celebrate its eleventh
anniversary by a banquet about the mid
dle of September.
YOUNG LADIES" INSTITUTE.
August 8 District Deputry Miss Ella
Comyns installed the following officers
of Institute No. 4: Lizzie Alford.
P. P.: Ella Baxter, P.; Mrs. McCullough
and Nellie Miller. V. P.'s; Fannie Doug
lass, F. S. : Rose Croghan, R. S. : Mrs. M.
Alford. T.; Kittle Burns. Mary Gallagher
and Kittle Curry. Trustees; Mollle Bolger,
S. ; Mrs. Cair, acting marshal. After the
ceremony, Miss Lizzie Alford. the retiring:
president, was. by Miss Fannie Douglass,
on beliaif of the Institute, presented a
handsome diamond set locket. This was
followed by vocal and instrumental music
by the Misses Rutledge, Miss Maggie Gal
lagher. Miss Lizzie Wilson. Mips Ann Pee
!ev, Mrs. Worthington and Master Samuel
Pierce. Toward the close of the evening
there were served refreshments and the
audience was favored with remarks by the
district deputy. Miss Comyns, Grand Sec
retary and Treasurer Miss Josie T. Mol
loy. Miss Lizzie Terry and Miss Nellie
Winters.
No. 47 of Merced is initiating a number I
of candidates and is doing well.
No. 1 tendered a farewell reception to I
Miss Mary A. Gorman, one of the charter '
members, last week, on the eve of her de
parture for New Orleans.
Miss A. M. Potthoff has been appointed
3et>uty grand president at large.
On the 2d of September No. 1 will tender
a reception to the grand officers.
LADIES OF THE MACCABEES.
California Hive, Ladies of the Macca-
Dees. at its meeting last week con
:luded arrangements to place itself on a
inn footing to engage In tho work of the
Drder. The hive, which has been organ
SERVICES TO BE HELD THIS T)-A^ -A-T THEE OTT~ST CHURCHES.
First Baptist, Eddy street, near Jones.
Rev. E. A. Woods
Morning— "A Hero's Death." Eveninsr-
A peace service and address on Respon-
sibilities of Victory." ____^
German Baptist, Seventeenth and Dolores
streets.
Rev. H. L. Dletz
: Morning— Divine service at 11
, Evening— Sermon by the rector.
o'clock.
. -^ - ~ -- ■.. .., . .- . ,■ - -
Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street;
Twenty-third.
Rev. J. Q. Gibson
i Morning— Sermon and instruction by the
pas«or. Evening— Song service and ad-
I dress.
■-
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street.
Steiner.
Rev. W. C. Jenkins
Morning-"A Beautiful Choice." Evening—
! "Our Fe«ble Remainder When the Gospel
j Is Rejected."
St. Agnes Church, Masonic avenue, between
Page and Oak streets.
Rev. William P. Kirby
Morning— Sermon by the pastor.
— Vespers and sermon.
Evening
St. Charles Borromeo, Eighteenth and bhot-
wpll Htreets.
Father P. J. Cummins
Murnlng— High mass and sermon. Evening
i —Sermon on the Gospel of the day.
St. Brendan' s..
streets.
Fremont
and
Harrison
Father Nugent
;Moming— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
j ing— Benediction and vespvrs.
St. Brigid's, Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way.
Father Cottle
Morning— High mas? and sermon. Evening
— Vespers, bent-diction and sermon.
Church of Corpus Chrlsti, Alemany and
Croke streets.
Salestan Fathers
Morning— High mass and sermon. Evening
—4 p. m. — Vespers.
St. Charles,
streets.
Twenty-fourth and Shotwell.
....••....
Mi)rnln*T— pprmon by the pastor.
—Sermon on the Gospel.
Evening
St. Dominic's. Bush and Stciner streets.
*
Rev. Plus Murphy
.Morning — High mass and sermon at 11
j 11 o'clock. Evening— Rosary and a sermon
| by one of the priests of the Dominican
I Order.
St. Francis, Vallejo
avenue.
Father Carraher
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock. Evening-
Vespers and a sermon on the Gospel.
All Hallows. Sixteenth
Rev. D. O. Sullivan
j Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Ei
— Vespers, benediction and sermon.
St. Igcatius, Van Ness avenue and Hayea
6treet.
Jesuit Fathers
I Morning— Per mem by Roy. Father Hickey.
Evening— Sermon by Father Mahoney lm-
I mediately after vespers.
St. James,
streets.
Twenty-third
and
Father P. R. Lynch
Morning— Serr.ion and high mass
! o'clock. Evening — Vesper*.
at
!1
St. Joseph's, Tenth street, near Howard.
Father P. Scanlan
Morning— Services at 10:30 o'clock.
Ing— Sermoit and vespers.
Even-
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street.
Rev. J. Prendergast, V. G j
Morning— High mass at 11 o'clock. Even-
Ing— Vespers, sermon and benediction.
St. Mary's Church, California and Dupont
streets.
Paulist Fathers
Morning— High mass and sermon by Rev.
Father Younan. Evening— Vespers and
sermon on the Gospel.
St. Patrick's, Mission street, near Third.
Father Gray
Morning— High mass and sermon at 10:30
o'clock. Evening — Kermon and vespers.
St. Paul's,
streets.
Twenty-ninth and
Church
Father Connolly
[Morning — Services at 10:30 o'clock. Bven-
! ing— Sermon on the Gospel.
Sts. Peter and Paul, Filbert and Dupont
streets.
Saleslan Fathers !
Morning— High mass and sermon by one of
the priests of the community. Evening —
Vespers and benediction.
■
St. Peter's, Alabama street, near Twenty-
fourth.
Father P. S. Casey
Morning— Sermon on the Gospel of the day.
Evening — Sermon by the pastor.
St. Rose's, Brannan street, near Fourth.
Father Nugent
Morning — Rev. Joeeph A. M. McAuliffe,
lately ordained for this archdiocese, will
sing high mass at 11 o'clock.
Star of the Sea, Seventh avenue and Point
Lobos avenue.
Father Coyle
Morning— Sermon and high mass at 10:30
o'clock. Evening— Vespeis and sermon
by the pastor.
■--"■■■^Z>&;>^;."^^:
St. Teresa's, Tennessee and Butte streets.
Father Browne ,
Morning— High mass at 10:30.
Vespers at 7:30.
Evening —
.-. -■■-.-■■ .-. •-. v ..-
Our Lady of Victories, Bush street,
Stockton.
Marlst Fathers
Morning— High . mass and sermon.
Ing — Sermon In French.
Even-
Camp Merrttt, Old Bay District Race Track.
Catholic Truth Society
Morning — Military mass at 7:30.
Rosary at 7:80 o'clock.
Evening-
FirFt Christian,
streets.
Mission
and
Twelfth
Rev. F. S. Ford
Morning— "Garments of Righteousness."
Evening — "The Atonement."
West Side Christian, Bush street,
Devlsadero.
Rev. W. A. Gardner
(Morni!
at 11.
Bethany Congregational, Twenty-flfth
Bartlett streets.
Rev. W. C. Pond
Morning — Sermon and divine service at 11.
Bethifhem Congregational, Vermont
Twenty-fourth Btreets.
Rev. W. H. Tubb
Morning— "What Doth the Lord Require of
Thee?" Evening — "I Counsel Thee to
Buy of Me Gold Tried In the Fire."
Richmond Congregational, Seventh avenue
and Clement street.
Rev. P. Coombe
I Morning — "Grace md Its Conditions."
I Evening— "Love Greater Than Faith or
Hope."
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and
streets.
Rev. H. T. Shepard
Morning— "America's Privilege in the Phil-
ippine*:." Evening— "The God of Battles."
First Congregational,
streets.
Post
and
Rev. G. C. Adams
Morning;— " Faith of Fanaticism." Evening
—"The Savior's Estimate of What They
Say."
Third Cflngregational, Fifteenth street.
Mission.
Rev. William Rader
Morning-— "The People and the Blblf."
Evening— "How Was the World Made?"
Plymouth Congregational, Post street,
Webster.
Rev. F. B. Cherlngton
i Mornlng-"-Divine service at 11 o'clock.
' Evening— Sermon and prayer recital.
Grace Episcopal, California and
streets.
Rev. R. c. Foute
munion service at 11.
by rector and festival
i in*,-
Church of the Advent,
near Market.
Eleventh
Btre«t. j
Rev. J. a. Emery j Morning— Divine service at 11. Evening—
' Sermon and instni/itinn at 8 o'clock.
ized but a few weeks, is the first one in
this city to enter upon business with a full
charter list, twenty-five, within the pre
scribed time. It will, for the present,
meet in Foresters' building.
£tate Commander Eudocia S. Moffatt
instituted Phebe Hearst Hive last Mon
day night, and the following named were
installed as officers: Eva Bates, L. C;
Mamie E. Phelns. I,t. C; Martha McFar
land, R. X.; Minnie Loos, F. X.; Emily
Evans, C. ; Mary Hicks. S. ; Jessie Con
stant, S. at A.; Annie C. Nansen. Sent.;
Ada Schlink. P.; Dr. Lucy M. F. Wenzer,
E. P.; Cecile yon Seiberlich, pianist.
TRACKS TOBN UP.
The Horse-Car Rails Removed From
Market Street Between Sixth
and Eighth.
A gang of sixty city workmen, under
direction of Superintendent Ambrose, be
gan work early yesterday morning tear
ing up the horsecar tracks on Market
street, between Sixth and Eighth, and
within an hour the work was completed
without interference from the streetcar
company.
The exclusive announcement in The Call
yesterday that the tracks would be torn
up by the city authorities attracted quite
a crowd of spectators to the scene with
the expectation that trouble might oc
cur, but they were doomed to disappoint
ment. Superintendent Lynch, of the
Btreet railway company, was present, but
made no effort to stop the work. On
Monday the old rails will be stored in the
corporation yard as a fitting finale to the
end of tho horsecar system on Market
street.
That the streetcar company proposes to
fight for damages in the courts Is evi
denced by a communication addressed
yesterday to the Board of Supervisors,
stating in substance that the Market
street corporation has an unexpired fran
chise for operating said tracks and de
clines to remove, or permit their removal.
Notice is served that suits for damages
will follow action t>y the city in remov
ing the tracks.
CHIEF LEES' ARMS .TIED.
While He Is Restrained Ferdinan
Will Bury Himself.
While the arms of Chief Lees and
hit* men are tied, and their interference
prohibited by a temporary writ of In
junction issued by Judjra Daingerfield
last week, Albert Ferdinan will bury
himself alive in a lot he has selected in
which to lie him down, on Market street,
near Larkin. The grave will close over
the • daring hypnotic subject this after
noon at 3 o'clock, unless the Chief de
cides to risk the wrath of the court and
stop the performance.
Friday Judge Seawell heard argument
on behalf of the Chief to dissolve the
injunction issued by Judge Daingerfield,
but will not decide the case until Tues
day. This fact interferes with the pro
gramme of Ferdinan, and, acting under
the advice of his counsel, he has de
cided to go into the grave while Judge
Daingerfield's order is still in force. In
consequence. If Judge Seawell dissolves
the injunction next Tuesday. Lees and
his men will have to dig up the sleeper
and restore him to the bosom of his
family.
Catherine E. Gregory's Will.
The wtll of Catherine E. Gregory, who
died in this city on the 16th inst.. was
filed for probate yesterday. The exact
value of the estate is at present un
known. The testatrix bequeaths her
adopted daughter. Charlotte B. Greg-ory,
one-half the entire estate, the residue
going to Robert Ash. In her will Mrs.
(Gregory states that "in event any man
or woman should come and claim and
obtain possession of her adopted daugh
ter they must take her at; penniless as
I did. and the above bequest to her shall
go to the Catholic Orphan Asylum in Vir
ginia City, New"
Music in the Park To-Day.
March, "American Republic" ThMe
Overture, "Macbeth" Hatton
"Themes From the Bride-Elect" Sousa
lHous<a'9 lateet operatic success.)
Concent Mazourka. "Entre Noup".H. E. Fruefer
Deolcated to M'.ss. F. Klnifsford.
"Operatic an.l Popular Melang*" Trenkler
Solemn March, -'The Queen of Sheba".. Gounod
Trombone solo, selected F. K. Tobin
"Introduction and Bridal Chorus From
Lohengrin" ' Wagner
"The Honolulu Lads\" thp latest coon song
Lee Johnson
March, "The Golden Jubilee" Eilemann
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1898=
HALES.
•-O+O+O+O +o+o+o+o+o+o*o+o+ O+6+O+O+O+O+O+O+O+O+O+O+O+O+O+O +o+o+o+o+o+o+o+o+o*o*o*o+ O+o+O+O+O+O+O+O+O+o+o+O+o+o+o+o+o+O+o+o+O+O+o-4
Fall bBKmmJBIJSIF ,1-g. Our
novelties hHHhh H ilflfiflii^^lßßftri Hel^M S 1&L millinery
' coming E^SKPtfit* ttSraulni n -^t^f^ Bsfe^^»— has just
i 77 fIS9S@ BsroSSB Jl£&iSßQ^f^ %ZBmBK-i'i jHrWkjEKI jHIbmM WJ^^^^^^^^^^^ BEW returned
every f<wn S 6JJ£SJB^sflL__j^|sSJKffArffi »T&g^Srjjl tE _jJ& WBMfc>^j3b|^^— a^JMßß THf*"*"^^^?* from
* day * MN^B luubhS9Rl (^B^^^ EAKjJjgSng B^b^M^^^o^^ Joi!wr***™MF a* tSMJumumtk her trip
\ they are ' iPWPWWHiIT I J T^^dWllßfl~LJlLl l^*iiiii^^^^^^^^^^ ImoSi io the
\ novel. **^MMJMMfeM I jf"^^»^Bt* \*JtoMsS^ of
m^*^^^ fashion.
new curtains.
400 pairs Nottingham Lace Cur- "
tains, white and ecru, 3 yards long BZ£\*>
36 Inches wide, neat for bedrooms
1 and smaller rooms Per Pair
140 pairs Nottingham Lace Cur-'7C' / ,
tains, in white and ecru, 3*4 yards f OC
long and 40 Inches wide Per Pair
Better Curtains, 50 Inches wide <£ 1 OO
Per Pair 1
Still better, 50 and 60 inches <£ 1 50
wide .1 .Per Pair fj> I
260 pairs Ecru and White Curtains. <£|.75
in novelty and fishnet designs, 314 0 I
yards long Per Pair
Novelty Net Curtains, in white and
. ecru, 3*4 and 4 yards long. 50 tojtTQ.OO
60 inches wide, newest designs fromtD^
America's best makers Per Pair
All Curtains from $100 up are. finished with
the overlook corded edge, preventing rip or
tear; the old style taped edge Is out of date
with Hales. •
new wrapper flannels.
Woo), rich designs, elegant assort- Q/t«->
ment dark colors, for ladies' wrap-Ov/W
pers ■. Yard
flannelettes.
15,000 yards extra heavy quality, '7***'
stripes, in light colors, fleecy C 2v
Yard
Seersuckers, 27 Inches wide, in blue, l T r l/-»
pink and tan stripes, light shade, € iiW
value 10c Yard
MS CALL'S^
MAGAZINE
...BRIGHT.. .INSTRUCTIVE.
fruit of the loom sheets.
Hemmed ready for use, full size, fine qual-
ity, no dressing, 2-inch hem, hand torn, dry
ironed.
81x90, 4Sc-each; 90x90, 55c each.
comforters.
10 dozen Comforters, full size, Cl ''J
silkollne. knotted, chintz, etitched, «J* »
white cotton filled Each
white spreads.
Full size, of three-ply yarn, both QA/«
warp and felling hemmed, very t/"v
heavy , Each
wash goods.
About 2500 yards of odds and ends.
in light and dark colors, reduced Psr»
V to clean up, from 15c, 12V£c, 10c *J\* j
yard to Yard
ribbon sale,
4750 yards of All-Silk Plain and Moire
Taffeta Ribbon, in a large variety of light j
shades, including black and white.
2300 yards No. 60, 4 Inches wide — 11>c yard !
2250 yards No. 40. Z'-n Inches wide. yard i
Also—
All-Silk Gros Grahi Ribbon, in black.
No 5 No. 7. No. 9. No 12. No. 16.
1-ln. I'4-in. 1%-in. 2H-in. 2V4-in.
7 l-2« £ I-ae.lOc 12 l-2c l«a-3cyd.
HALES.
Yes, to-morrow, Monday, we start on our Fall campaign: nov-
elties are coming in every day; to-morrow we display the new
creations in Fall dress goods and they are so different to what
we have seen for so many seasons that we are enthusiastic
over them ; they were bought by us direct from the manu-
facturers, and these were our orders :
"Give us better dress goods than we've ever handled before. Give us exclusively rich patterns in a wide range.
Give us dress goods that will make women stop on the street to glance at the made-up costume. Give us
honest goods. We'll pay for first pick." We're satisfied, ladies — now come and see these goods. We have
other equally good surprises in store for you — one of which will be our fall millinery opening!
First exhibition* new fall dress ,£oocls.
new agincourt braided effects
In a fancy block pattern of red. olive and
blue, with a black mohair braid design woven
over the silk face, first seen in "Frisco at <HO f\f\
Hale's, very stylish, in three combinations, 43 «J)-«»""
inches wide Yard
(circular flounces will be much worn this fall.)
colored crepons
One of the charms of the coming season, heavy
crepe effect in an extremely high weave in
two and three color combinations of black and <ill 7^fc
i heliotrope, black and turquoise, black and €J> ■• C O
marine, 42 inches wide Yard
(Eastern fashion notes say, "crepons, much worn.")
pattern suits
Our own direct Importation, exclusive designs, <Cl£s f\f\
no two alik- ipIxJmXJXJ
The choicest .Suitings Hale's ever imported,
they are in crepon weaves and serpentine de- <Kl7 PC f\
signs, bayadere weaves and serpentine effects, €JJ 1 C »Ov
two and three color combinations, with over-
shot silk in a silk and wool foundation, now £OA <Chd~l
on view €f>jt,\7»\J\J .
(new redingotes and coats for fall will be extremely long.)
fall checks
Here is where the fall goods stand alone for
color, display and strong individuality, 40-lnch
wide heliotrope, marine, olive, brown, body <£ | f\{\
colors, with an ovrrweave check of black mo- tJ>l»vFvf
hair; the width is 42 inches Yard
(circular ruffles will be on everything — even the redingote.)
new chevron effects
Decidedly Frenchy — distinctively new. it has
the appearance of so much braid sewn over a <C 1 ' f\ f\
body color of marine, blue, new olive and tj)'«v/vr
sapphire, 88 inches wide, heavy make Yard
(Sec oup advertisement in the "Examiner" also.)
isS3foup new fall and winter cataloguelllll free
s
937-939-941-943-945-947 TVlarkLet Street.
St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue and
street.
Rev. W. 11. Moreland
Morning — Sermon by the rector. Evening
—"The Christian Way of Doing One's
Work in Life."
St. Cornelius Chapel,
Rev. D. O. Kelley
Morning — Special sermon and services for
the soldiers. Evening— Prayer and an ad-
dress by the pastor.
St. John the Evangelist, Fifteenth street,
near Valencia.
Rev. E. B. Spalding
Morning — 7 o'clock, holy communion; 11,
prayer and sermon. Evening— Sermon and
prayer.
t. Mary the Virgin,
streets.
Union and
Rev. H. Parrish
nunlon at 7:30 o'clock,
by the pastor.
: i.
St. P-eter's Episcopal, Stockton and Filbert
streets.
Rev. M. D. Wilson
Morning — Sermon by the rector. Evening —
Sermon and the recital of prayer.
t. Paul's Episcopal, California street, near
Flllmor*.
Rev. W. Maxwell Rellly
lorntng— Communion at 7:30; litany service
and sermon by the rector. Evening — Even-
song and sermon.
Trinity Episcopal, Bush and Gough streets..
Rev. H. E. Cooke
n service at 7:30 o'clock.
and divine service at
7:30 o'
German Evangelical Emmanuel
Twelfth and Stevenson streets.
Church,
Rev. F. W. Fischer
Morning— Children's day exercises, begin-
ning at 10 o'clock. Evening — Programme
of Young People's Alliance and a short
address.
First English Lutheran, Geary street,
Gough. '
Rev. E. Nelander
Morning — "America's New Mission to the
World." Evening— Sermon by Rev. R.
Young of Oakland.
Congregation "Anshay Sfard," 939 Howard
street.
Rabbi E. Berman
2 p. m.— S
Berman.
by Dr.
Bethel African M. E. Church, Powell street,
near Jackson.
Rev. W. B. Anderson
Morning— Sermon by the pastor.
— Same.
Evening
Central Methodist Episcopal Church. Mls-
slun street, between Sixth and Seventh.
Rev. C. E. Locke
Morning— "As I Have Loved You"; infant
baptism and holy communion. Evening
— "America's Next War for Humanity."
First M. E. Church, Powell and Wash-
ington streets.
Rev. W. S. Urmy
Morning— Divine services and sermon at 11
o'clock. Evening— Sermon by the pastor.
Fifteenth Avenue M. E. Church,
avenue south a..d P street.
Rev. H. Pearce
Morning— Sermon by the rector.
—Same.
Evening
Grace Methodist Episcopal,
and Capp streets.
Twenty-first
Rev. J. N. Beard
Morning— Sabbath services at 11 o'clock.
Evening— Sermon by the rector and the re-
cital of prayer.
Howard Street M. E. Church,
street, near Third.
Howard
Rev. J. A. B. Wilson
Morning— "The Test of Experience."
Evening— "ls Jesus the Only Savior?"
otrerc M. E.
streets.
Rev. D. W. Chilson
Morning--Sabbath service, at 11. Evening
—Sermon and instruction by the pastor
at S o'clock.
Rlchmond Methodist, Fourth avenue
Clement street.
Rev. G. W. Beatty
Morning — Sermon by the pastor.
j —Song service and sermon.
Evening
Centenary M. E Church, Bush street, be-
tween Gough snd Octavia.
Rev. C. B. Riddick
Morning— "Salvation to Subjective
ments." Evening— Xo service.
Ele-
Epworth M. E. Church, Church and Twen-
ty-sixth streets.
Rev. W. M. Woodward
Morning— "The True Israelite." Evening—
"The Value of a Right Choice."
Memorial M. E. Church,
hanan streets.
Rev. J. Stephens
[orning— Sermo
song service,
service.
)n by the pastor, followed by
Evening — Sermon and song
Street I
9treets.
Rev. D. Jamea
Morning— Sermon by John R. Thompson,
chaplain First Regiment. Washington
Volunteers. Evening— "Lost Opportuni-
ties."
-.-.....
Calvary Presbyterian,
Ftreets.
Geary and Powell
Rev. J. Hemphill
: Morning— Services at 11 o'clock.
"Chronic Invalids."
Evening —
Flrnt
nue
lurch, Van Ness aye-
Rev. R. Mackenzie
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening
—Sermon by Rev. H. H. Wintler.
street.
First United Presbyterian, Golden Gate
avenue and Polk street.
Morning — Sermon by Rev.
mick. D. D., of Salinas.
St. John's Presbyterian, California and
Octavia streets.
Rev. R. Liddell
Morning— Sermon by Rev. W. A. Guthrie.
Evening— Sermon by same; Sabbath school
at 9:« a. m.
Memorial Presbyterian,
Railroad avenues.
Eighteenth
and
Rev. H. N. Bevier
Morning— Sermon by the pastor.
— Sermon and prayer service.
Evening
Mispah Presbyterian, Harrison street, near
Fifth.
Rev. F.
Morning— Sermon and prayer at 11 o'clock.
Evening— Sermon, followed by song ser-
vice.
loward Presbyterian,
Oak
and
Rev. F.
Farrand
Morning — "
Spain."
streets.
War With
c service."
Stewart Memorial U. P. Church,
street, near Twenty-third.
Rev. W. E. Dugan
Morning— "Sacrament of the Lord's Sup-
j per." Evening— "Failures In Life."
Trinity Presbyterian, Twenty-third
Capp streets.
and,
Rev. A. N. Carson
Morning— "The night Spirit and its Re-
; ward." Evening— Sermon by the Rev.
Mr. Johnson of Sacramento.
Westminster Presbyterian, Page and Web-
ster streets.
Rev. S. S. Cryor
Morning— "The Second Coming of Christ—
The Time? and Fullness of the Gentiles."
Evening— "The Christ of History."
-• ■ :••
:,, ...,. ,; { ? . ..-..- .-.- ■■
First Unitarian, G«ary and Franklin streets.
Rev. Dr. Stebblns
Morning— Sunday school at 10; divine ser-
. vice at 11. Evening— No service.
Second Unitarian, Twentieth and
streets.
Rev. A. J. Wells
Morning— No service during Angust. Even-
ing— Sermon by the pastor on "California
j and the Philippines."
Gospel Hall,
lencla.
near Va-
Believers gathered to the name of the
Lord Jesus Christ
Morn In*— Breaking bread. Evening— Gospel
I preaching from the "Book."
Alban's Church. 102 O'Farrell street.
Rev. Erasmus Van
mon at 11
HALES.
fancy crepons
One of the new fabrics particularly adapted
for plain tailor-made costumes, a heavy fabric
of a two-toned crepe effect. 41 inches wide, in
two colors, such as mousse and black, royale <J?| AA
and black, emerald and black, mordore and tjf m m\J\f
black Yard
(princess gowns will be much worn this fall.)
fancy soliel cord
The Repp effect, a fancy suiting, 42 Inches «1»| f\f\
wide, in extra heavy grade, in all the new tJJI»Vrvr
fancy colorings . Yard
(sleeves are to be small and on tailor-made gowns almost
skintight.) '
new fall fancy cords
Here we show six combinations of a 42-inch
fabric, a rich suiting with overshot figures
worked In between the cords, small in pattern
and extremely novel, colors cadet and black, "7^ f+ C I
brown and black, green and black (samples C O Id '
sent of any of these free) Yard.
(overskirts of crepe de chine and other clinging material will
be much worn.)
fancy plaids
Scotchy— large designs, In a heavy fabric, 42 '
Inches wide, and something novel because
floral effects In mohair are worked over the '7BJ f+ c
plaids, extremely fashionable for separate CO VIo
Ekirts Yard.
(vests of surah and taffeta are a stylish addition to tailor
gowns.)
fancy jacqnards
The cord effect bo much spoken of in fashion
Journals, 3S inches wide, overshot with fancy
colored silk— stripe and a dash effect in
tswell new colors of black and emerald, black 7(" V»-#-c> 1
and marine, black and turquoise,- black and CO ClO I
cadet .• ... Yard.
(broad and expansive military capes are much in favor.)
HALES.
lace sale.
2160 yards of White Cotton Lace, now
so much used for trimming under- C\
wear. 2 inches wide, in assorted pat- 52 C
terns ••••..*. •••'...jC. •.......;., Yard
veiling.
4750 yards of Plain and Chenille Dot ET
Veiling, 14 inches wide, in brown and OC
navy ;; • Yard
ladies' hosiery.
Black cotton, high spliced heels |oi_
and toes, double soles Pair I^>^C
Odd lot of . Ladies' Fancy Lisle QC^,
Hose, all colors, different designs, DOC
reduced from 75c and 50c to Pair
. Also. 36 dozen Children's Hose lf\^.
black, pure Egyptian two-thread, lUC
strong value p pri r
corsets, .
Fifty * cents, long in the waist, sateen-
• corded bust, ■ silk floss at upper edge two
side steels, black and drab, 18 to 30. '
ladies' vests.
, Of cotton, fine rib. in white with tPZ^.
■■ shaped neck, no sleeves ...Each lOC
MS CALLiTSk
«% BAZAR. n£jH
PatternsW
•rut smiSH . \m kiubu nnm ,
druggists' sundries.
Malvina Cream 3Oc
Ruby Foam 18c
Pears' Scented Soap .'.'.'.'.'. 14c
Pray's Rosaline IJ>C
Large Florida Water. 25c; small 15c
Bay Rum. 8 oz. 43c: 4 oz 2Oc
French Castile Soap 20c
Dr. Wells' Dental Cream 25c
Colgate's Cashmere Bouquet Soap 13c
Colgate's Elder F*>wer Poap lOc
Colgate's Violet Water. 3 02 40c
Colgate's Extracts for the Handker-
chief, Cashmere Bouquet, Sweet Af\*~*
Pea. Italian Violet, New-Mown
Hay, Musk..... Ounce
Blue Seal Vaseline, 2 oz., Be- 4 oz 7e
Toilet Sponges. 10c, 15c. 25c each
Square-Cut Chamois Skin 6... 5c to 25c
Black Rubber Combs.. ...10c
Bndnut's N. Y. Goods.
Toilet Cerate, or Milk of Cucumber.... soc
Each
Violet Almond Meal, or Camphor 1ce... 25c
Each
Wood Violet Toilet Powder 50c
Wood Violet Rice Powder sOc
;een our big window?
It'll a 28-foot scene illustrating- Columbia
welcoming Erin, showing the Lakes of Kil
• larney in the distance.
£ THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES. <>, i
•f (Continued.) X
<S> First Church of Christ. Scientist, 223 $
<5> Sinter street. The Bible and Science «.
<$> and Health. With Key to the Scrip- X
•X lVre?- Morning—Christian Science Bl- <s>
<§> ble lessons. ■ Evening— X
<$> Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ 320 X
<» Post street. Rev. C. A. Parkin. Morn- X
<& ing— "Have Salt Within Yourselves " X
«> Evening—Address by George S. Lin- <$>
<$> coin. . " X
$ T- M. C. A.. Mason and EHls streets. <*>
«> Chaplain Williams. 3p. m.—Patriotic X
<J> union maps meeting and address by X,
<S> Dr. Williams. X
* f
♦♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ <$> ♦^♦«>^>^«^><^<»«><^o, k
It is very creditable in so many
women in the United States taking up
Red Cross work; the costume isn't be
coming to any one over 16.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• ♦ 4- 4-4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- + 4-4- 4- O
+ "THE CREDIT HOUSE." "t
+ ■ Sis Stories High. .
: 111 UWO^:
I 11 rW i
4- 4-
♦ Chairs for the dining- J
4- room— strong and sub-
♦ stantial; cane seat; > a +
+ for this week only. DUG 4-
4- 4- "-
4- -rf& 4-
4. Mahogany Finish^! Rocker, upho!- 4.
stered in Oriental velours. A dainty +
a piece of furniture $2.70 >
4. Bedroom ' Set of 7 pieces — bed, bu- 4-
4- reau, washstand, rocker, stand and 2 4-
4. chairs. French bevel plate mirror on 4
4- bureau; every piece solid oak $20 4-
■*" Substantial Couch, upholstered in "*"
4- Damask; tufted and fringed. .. s3.6s "*"
♦ Carpet Department. 4.
.4- : ~ r ; 4-
4. A great assortment of Hassocks — 4-
4. convenient footrests; covered in, tap- 4-
a. estry; each .....:.. 25c 4-
4- Covered in Axminster, Moquette, 4-
4. Velvets and Body Brussels; each..soc 4-
4- Fall patterns of Carpets are in. It
4- makes a big stock, but there is room "*
4- to show it. "*"
'$ — — — ' "*"
i Free delivery in Oakland, Alameda _.
>■ ■ and Berkeley.
♦ M. FRIEDMAN & CO. + y
t' 233-235-237 Post Street +
"*" Near Stockton. Open Evenings. "*"
#4-4- 4-4 > + 4- 4-4- 4-4-4-4: 4: 4 ©
HALES.