VOLUME LXXXIV.— NO 91.
MRS. BOTKIN, CHARGED WITH
MURDER, ASKS FOR JUSTICE
SHE SEEKS
TO PROVE
AN ALIBI
facVey Brings the
Qrewsome Instru=
ments of the As
sassin's Work.
The Local Police Authori
ties Begin the Actual
Investigation.
Legal Proceedings Are Sus
pended for a Week — The Ac- JJ
cused Woman Outlines
Her Plan of Defense
for the First Time.
The tragic story of murder in which
Mrs. Cordelia Botkln Is now the cen
tral figure of interest reached yesterday
a dramatic climax. B. J. McVey of the
State detectives of Delaware reached
the city, and brought with him the
deadly evidence that may lead some
one to the gallows. The local authori
ties began their Investigation and
started on the trail. Mrs. Botkin was
formally charged with murder and
aroused to the terror of her situation
ehe -broke the silence that has sealed
her lips: She appealed to The Call as
a medium through which to proclaim
her .innocence and to demand an im
partial trial from the people of the
State.
In the events of the day Mrs. Botkin's
defense of herself was immeasurably
♦he most important. The woman ex
plains her motive in maintaining si
lence under the terrible stress of accu
sation. She declared that the humilia
tion* and terror that she suffered when
charged with an awful crime made her j
fear the con?f-quences of speaking. I
• a ail side* she says she did ;
not believe it to be safe to defend her- \
self before the tribunal of public
opinion. "With her name upon the
prison register and a double charge of
murder against her she hastens to pro
claim publicly her Innocence and to ask
the consideration of a fair trial.
In her assertion of ionocence Mrs.
Botkin is explicit. While at first she had
determined to suspend any attempt at
defense until she could be heard in
court, she says she feels now that the
jjublic should know what her friends,
her attorneys and the Chief of Police
already have learned. She declares that
she has made a detailed statement to
the Chief of Police accounting for every
movement and moment of her life for
months past. Her attorneys know fully
the. story of her life and her relations
\\ith the Dunning family.
• Mrs. Botkin denies emphatically that
she ever knew Mrs. John P. Dunning
or had any reason to bear the dead
woman ill-will. She declares that she
knew Dunning and felt for him a
friendship strong enough to aid him in
his- necessity. That she ever wrote any
love letters to Dunning or entertained
for him a feeling stronger than friend
ship she emphatically denies. Unjustly
accused of a horrifying crime she asks
the right erf an impartial trial. The
woman's statement made shortly after
she was charged with murder is un
usually dramatic. When the officers of
the prison asked Mrs. Botkin for her
age and nativity to be entered as items
In the charge of murder she refused to
give the information. She seemed to
fear that even the slightest facts in her
career would be twisted to her disad
vantage, but uprrn the assurance of her
attorneys she did as she was asked.
A few minutes before B. J. McVey, a
detective from Delaware, had reached
police headquarters. He came clothed
in an atmosphere of mystery and was
armed with the evidence that a crime
had been committed. Beyond that he
had nothing except the information
that the people of Dover and of Dela
ware generally are excited to a great
pitch of indignation over the terrible
crime committed in their midst. De
tective McVey says the people of Dela
ware will have no peace until the poi-
Boner is brought to justice. He came
armed with two warrants, each charg
ing Mrs. Botkin with murder. Both
complaints were sworn to by John B.
Pennington before Peter L. Cooper, a
justice of the County of Kent, Dela
ware. These warrants wll not be
served, as copies of them are Included
In the application for extradition which
left Delaware yesterday and will ar
rive in this city before the end of the
■week.
Detective McVey brought with him
the box of poisoned candy that carried
death to Mrs. Dunning and Mrs. Deane.
In the shadow of the crime of which
this box of candy h^d been the instru
• ment it looked grewsome. Chief Lees
handled it gingerly, lifting the cover
and with cautious touch of a penknife
tossing the deadly bonbons. The in
spection, slowly and deliberately made,
had the uncanny aspect of a post
mortem examination of the murderer's
victim. The chief lifted a small hand
kerchief from the table and spread out
the folds of dainty lace. In one corner
was the dealer's price mark — a small,
square, mucilaged bit of paper with the
figures 25 marked upon it. There are
countless thousands of such handker
chiefs in the stores and in the examina
tion, of Mrs. Botkin's effects a similar
one has not been found.
Then the death package itself was
The San Francisco Call
"I AM INNOCENT BEFORE GOD!"
Mrs. Cordelia Botkin Declares She Had Noth
ing to Do With the Poisoning of Mrs.
Dunning and Mrs. Deane.
Asks What Should Be Granted to Every Accused Per
son, a Suspension of Opinion Until She
Can Be Heard in Court.
Editor Call: I believe the time has arrived when it is proper for me to speak, anil I tako
this method of request : n^ you to publish in your columns the following statement:
Up to the present timo I have maintained silence by the advice of my husband, who told
me when this awful suspicion was first brought upon me that in my hysterical and terrified con
dition talking could do me
no good, and that any
thing I might say would
undoubtedly be distorted
and misrepresented and
perhaps used to my disad
vantage by the sensational
reporters. Since I have
obtained legal counsel I
have be«n told that this
advice was good. There
fore it has been through
no desire to keep from the
public information of my
defense in this matter that
I have remained silent un
der the most trying cir
cumstances, out because
in the humiliation and
terror of being arrested on
suspicion of having com
mitted an awful crime, I
felt that it was not safe
for me to speak.
Now, however, my
friends, to whom ,, T hft-^>
given a history of my life
for years past, advise me
that I ought to at least
publicly assert my inno
cence. To those who know
me and know that I am
incapable of committing
any such crime as has
been laid at my door, I
need, say nothing. They
will not believe a word
against me. To strangers,
who may think the news
paper reporters have made
out a case against me, I
only ask what should be
granted to every accused
person — a suspension of
opinion until I can be
heard in court.
I am a woman and al
most defenseless. I am
prostrated with grief and
humiliation. I am filled
with horror at the position
in which lam placed. Is It unreasonable tinder these circumstances to ask those who do not know
me to await the hearingP If given an opportunity I shall prove my innocence, for lam innocent
before God.
I have told Chief of Police Lees everything. I have accounted for every moment of my
life for months past I have told one of my attorneys, Senator McGowan, the whole story of my
life. He believes me innocent and says I need have no fear that harm will come to me. I thank
heaven that at least one strong and resolute man is prepared to defend me with all his talent, in
fluence and power. The newspapers, which should always espouse the cause of the innocent, and
the authorities of this city, who should ever sustain the weak and defenseless, seem leagued against
me.
I do not know the wife of John P. Dunning and have no feeling against her. lam not and
never was in love with Mr. Dunning. I befriended him when he was in trouble, and that is all.
My son was very fond of him and both of us believe that he is a true gentleman and that none of
the things he is reported to have told the Delaware officers against me are true.
I am incapable of committing any such crime as this. My relations with Mr. Dunning
were only those of a friend. I never wrote him love letters, nor has he written me such letters.
Chief Lees has all my letters, including those written by my husband for a year pask, and they
contain nothing which shows me in any other than a proper light.
What more can I sayP I deny everything. Can it be possible that lamto be convicted
by the newspapers of a crime of which I am innocent, simply because I was so unfortunate as to
enjoy the acquaintance of John P. Dunning and to help him in his financial troubles P
•What possible motive could I have for poisoning his wifeP He has told me that she was a
lovely woman and that he thought more of her than he could tell. I respected him for that. I was
not responsible for his troubles. I only did for him what other friends did for him while he re
sided in San Francisco. I aided him in my weak and humble way to retrieve his fortunes.
I have said ail this, not because I -expect to be believed, for I know that every hand is
raised against a helpless woman ia^ my position, but because I can no longer restrain my emotions.
In due time I know I shall come out of this ordeal unscathed. lam confident that a just God
will not permit an innocent woman to suffer and I have faith in Him.
I have read about innocent persons having been convicted upon circumstantial evi
dence which afterward turned out to be misleading and untrue, and the thought that I may become
a victim of such a thing fills me with horror and dismay. But I shall try to bear up and meet
manfully whatever fate shall have in store for me, conscious in my heart that I am innocent and
that the truth will in the end vindicate me.
Will you please publish this? You have given columns to my persecutors. Please give me
a word in reply.
closely scrutinized. It Is an ordinary
bonbon box, pale pink In color, withythe
Kllded letters, In script, "Bonbons"
across the glazed top. At each end is a
bow of pink silk baby ribbon. The box,
telescopic in make, Is seven and one
half Inches in length, three and three
quarters Inches In width and one and
seven-eighths Inches in depth. It is
the stock box of the confectioner, and
every candy seller in the country uses
It as a model. It offers but faint sug
gestion as a clew. The wrapper in
which it was enclosed is buff colored
and not blue, as the candy dealer of
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, AUGUST 30, 1898.
Stockton suspected it might be. "Writ
ten in duplicate on the wrapper is tho
address, "Mrs. John P. Dunning, Do
ver, Deleware," the name of the State
being misspelled. There are five can
celed stamps, four 5-cent stamps and
one 2-cent stamp. Across the latter is
plainly seen the postmark of San
Francisco.
When the box was opened the allur
ing note of death was seen. "With
love to yourself and baby. Mrs. C,"
it read. It may be the scrap of cvi-
Kby which the poisoner will be
t to the scaffold. The poisoned
candy shows plainly the devilish work
of the assassin. A casual observer
might say that the surface of the
chocolate creams had been broken in
the long journey across the continent
in the mail. A closer examination
shows that the candies had been
drawn out to receive the poison within,
and had then, by a slight pressure,
been contracted to their original size.
In the operation the outer surface had
been broken. The box is still almost
full of candy, showing that the unfor
tunate victims of the assassin had par
taken but sparingly of the deadly
sweetmeats. i
Detective McVey brought also the
bundle of anonymous threatening let
ters that Mrs. Dunning had received.
These were carefully examined and
will be used for purposes of compari
son. In all the evidence brought across
the continent by the detective there is
not a single letter signed by Mrs. Bot
kin or known to have been written by
her. With the examination of the anon
ymous letters the Eastern detective ex
hausted his contribution to the case.
Chief Lees lost no time in having
made a photographic copy of every
scrap of evidence that he had received.
This task engaged the attention of the
Chief, the Eastern detective and an ex
pert the entire afternoon. Specimens of
Mrs. Botkin's known handwriting were
also photographed and will be com
pared with the handwriting received
yesterday from Dover. As soon as pos
sible photographic enlargements of all
the specimens will be made and then
the actual work of investigation will
begin. Notwithstanding the fact that
Mrs. Botkin has been charged with
murder the vital evidence against her,
if any exists, must yet be obtained.
One of the witnesses who believed
that he possessed information of the
greatest moment has become of great
er value to the defense than he is to
the prosecution. This witness who has
carried consternation to Chief of Police
Lees is J. B. Fennessee, who insists
that at quarter to 6 o'clock on the af
ternoon of August 4 he saw a woman
deposit a box in the mail at the ferry
postal station. Fennessee is positive
that he observed the incident. He is
quite as sure of the day and the hour.
He noticed what he believed to be the
woman's uneasiness and he is con
vinced that the box resembled that of a
The Loving Letter That Accompanied Death.
I box of candy that dealers sell for fifty
i cents. •/"-?.;.■; i ; }ff. : }.
■'■■ • All -«f this Is vital testimony in the
, case either for ,or against Mrs.: Botkln.
, "T. attorneys forth^def er.^can prove
. beyond dispute that at 4 o'clock oil 'the
afternoon, < August "4 the I accused
woman took the boat' from this city on
| her way to St. Helena. The woman
I who acted so strangely therefore at the
I ferry coi not have been Mrs. Botkin.
I In consequence of this Fennessee's !
tiniony may be of the greatest value to ]
the accused woman not only in estab
lishing an alibi, but in throwing a mys
terious element into the case.
Before Detective McVey arrived yes
terday Chief Lees was in consultation
oooobooooooo 00 o o 00 000000000000000006000000000000000
° I 411 °°
>^^ ETECT ' V ' & *y^ V* :<s^- : ;.v-;t : " : '". -'■ V.: V : : |
i — , I W^a blli^ ill •
o t. — o
80060600 66 6 60600 obb obb 00000 00 00 60 06 oooo'oo'o obb 000 ••■••
The Fight for the Life of Mrs. Botkin Is On.
WILL FIGHT FOR MRS. BOTKIN.
The Delaware Authorities Will Make a Hard
Struggle to Take the Accused Prisoner
East for Trial.
DOVER. Del., Aug. 29.— "Mrs. Botkin will be fought for," Attorney
General White said to-day. "I have 1:0 doubt that the requisition will be
granted and Mrs. Botkin w.ll be surrendered for trial in this State.
While we are not demanding a surrenier as a constitutional right, be
cause she was not actually in the i^tate where and when she is alleged
to have committed the crime, nor has she been in the State since, she is
not, therefore, a fugitive in the sense contemplated by the constitution, yet
we do demand the surrender upon the ground of State comity. We pro
pose to place before the Governor of California sufficient evidence in the
way of affidavits of witnesses of this State and by oral testimony in Cali
fornia to convince him of her guilt."
with Acting District Attorney Hosmer
and Postal Inspector Irwin. The legal
phases of the case were again reviewed
and Inspector Irwin was asked to assist
in every way In determining beyond
question the exact time when the box
of candy was mailed.
As expected. Mrs. Botkin did not ap
pear yesterday either In the Police
Court or in the Superior Court. The
habeas corpus proceedings before
Judge Cook were postponed un
til next Tuesday morning to
give time for the arrival of the papers
demanding extradition. For the same
reason the trial before Judge Joachim
sen was continued until Wednesday
morning. For a week at least the legal
battle will be suspended, but in another
field Mrs. Botkin will be fighting for
her life. Her whole career is under
police scrutiny. Her every movement
in association with Dunning is under
investigation, and the events of the
first days of ,this month are being
st'idi' ■' v > h t'i«,srim purpose to deter-"
mine whether the end shall ibeTllfe'f or
death for the accused woman. -i : ' '^\
■:;<:-■;■-■ -- \ r-s — ? fi' 1 ; ' ' ' ,-v-
MAY BE TRIED
IN THIS STATE
Mrs. Botkin's At«brn«ys Are Confi
dent That the Prisoner Will
Not Be Extradited.
Anticipating the defeat of the attempt
to extradite Mrs. Botkln, Chief Lees has
already had a complaint prepared charg
ing her with murder and an effort will
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
l>e made to hold the defendant for trial In
this State. The complaint is drawn un
<ler the provision of section 27 of the
Penal Code.
An attempt was also made yesterday to
correct the errors made wnen Mrs. Bot
kin was arrested. The statute providing
for the extradition of persons accused of
crime says that the magistrate who Is
sues the order for arrest shall specify In
the document a reasonable time which the
defendant may be held pending the ar
rival of the requisition from the Stato
asking for the surrender of the fugitive
from justice. Judge JoachJmsen's war
rant did not contain this specification, but
on the contrary was an ordinary warrant
directing that "said Cordelia Botkin be
produced in his court forthwith." Mrs.
Botkin has not appeared in Judge Joach
imsen's court, although the police contend
that she is in the jurisdiction of the Police
Court. If the attorneys for Mrs. Bot
kin so desired they could demand and se
cure the immediate release of the pris
oner because the proceedings so far have
been decidedly irregular.
FORMALLY CHARGED
WITH THE CRIME
Mrs. Botkin Booked on the Prison
Register on Two Counts for
Murder.
At 10 o'clork yesterday morning two
formal charges o£ murder were entered
In the big book at the Central police sta
tion against the ntoe of Mrs. Cordelia
Botkin. The prisoner was not present at
the desk when Sergeant Martin wrote this
first formal charge against her.
Nor was she present before Police Judge
Joachimsen when the hearing of the case
against her was called, and the great
crowd of morbid idlers that had gr«*hered
to see. !e Botkin woman on ».er first
I public appearance since her arrest dis
appointedly drifted from the chamber*.
AY hen the habeas corpus proceedings
were called at 10 o'clock by Judge Carroll
Cook, Attorney George A. Knight asked
for a continuance of the case until Sep
tember 6. As the basis for his request
Mr. Knight alleged courtesy and an anx
iety that the prosecution should have
ample time in which to perfect its fight
for extradition. Chief Lees acquiesced in
the request of the defense and Judge Cook
granted the continuance. Later Judge
Joachimsen continued the preliminary
hearing to the morning of Wednesday,
September 7, upon the further request or
Mr. Knight.2
STARVED AND
NEGLECTED
WHEN ILL
Soldiers Not Slain in
Battle Murdered.
SO SAYS COLONEL SHUMWAY
T&LIS "OF SHOCKING CONDI
TIONS IN THE FIELD.
When Men Became Sick During the
Struggles Around Santiago
They Died on the Way
to the Hospital.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Aug. 29.— The
Herald's correspondent at Camp
Thomas, Chickamauga, tele
graphs: A painstaking inquiry
and personal examination of the
■fiokl lead me to the belief that
the many inroads made by death
and disease in the camp can be
traced to four main causes.
Briefly these are: Inadequate
facilities for obtaining whole
some water, an overlong deten
tion of the army in one place,
inexperience of the volunteer of
ficers and their consequent in
ability to fully appreciate the
vital necessity for enforcing san
itary regulations and the inade
quateness of the medical corps
to scope with the outbreak of
sickness which followed as a
natural sequence of the forego
ing causes. ,
BOSTON, Mass.. Aug:- 29.— Lieutenant
Colonel Shumway of the Second Massa
chusetts Volunteers says:
"All- the men who have died in Cuba
SCENE AT CAMP WIKOFF.
and since they left there except those
who were killed in battle were mur
dered. They were half-starved and
neglected when they were ill, and the
day is coming when some one will have
to answer for it. For forty-seven days
the soldiers were on a diet of hard tack
and bacon and although many of them
could not eat it because their stomachs
turned against such food, nothing else
was given them, and they were carried
away to the hospital to die.
"For an army of 25,000 men there were
twelve ambulances in Cuba and one of
them broke down. The others did what
service they could, but that was very
IJ-ttle. When a man was taken ill on
the skirmish line or a distance from the
division hospitals he was carried back
tfe the hospitals by a detail of six men
through swam; s and. brush. The sick
man generally died and the six who had
borne him to the hospital were placed
in .the hospital to light the fevers their
half-starved bodies received on the
journey."
SOLDIERS ARE GOING
HOME TO RECUPERATE
Returning Volunteers Complain Bit
terly of the Treatment Re
ceived at Camp Thomas.
NEW YORK, Aug. 29. ~ A hospital train
of two Pullman cars arrived in Jersey
City over the Pennsylvania Railroad, car
rying forty sick soldiers of the Fourteenth
New York Volunteers on furlough from
Camp Thomas and going home to recup
erate. Relatives and friends of the sick
soldiers were waiting to receive them. The
m«n wiio were well enough to talk com
plained bitterly of the treatment they re
ceived at Camp Thomas.
Of the sick men twelve were too weak
to' walk alone and had to be carried from
the. train to the ferry. A like number
wfere much debilitated from typhoid and
malarial fever. Three of the sick men
axe not expected to recover.
Many Deaths at Camp Wikoff.
NEW YORK, Aug. 29.—Fifteen sol
diers died at Camp Wikoff and in this
city .to-day. There wore two deaths
among the men suspected of having yel
low fever and detained in the quaran
tine department.
Two Deaths at Fcrrt Myer.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 29.—Two deaths
from typhoid fever are reported at the
< Invcrnment Hospital at Fort Myer
where many of the sick at Camp Algtr
are sent.
GENERAL GREENE TO
ACCOMPANY MERRITT
At His Own Request He Returns to
the United States to Be Mus
tered Out of Service.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
'■.Ilwalfl. rvpyrlghted, IS3S, by James Gor
. don Bennett.
MANILA Aug. 29.— Major General
Francis V. Greene will accompany Major
General Merritt, who will leave to-mor
row o*n the China to meet the Peace Com
mission In Paris and to give it the bene
lit'of his experience 4n the Philippines.
T\\?6 hundred soldiers invalided on ac
count of illness and wounds will also
leave Manila to-morrow.
General Greene has been ordered home at
his own request for the purpose of being
mustered out of the service.
Colonel Barber and Major Simpson, of
the adjutant general's department, have
also been ordered home from Manila for
duty in Washington. They will go by the
tirst transport leaving Manna for the
United States.
Leaders of the insurgents will hold a
meeting in Malolas on September 2 to de
cide upon their future policy.
MILITARY COMMISSIONERS
WILLJTAKE CONTROL
Plans for the Government of Porto
Rico and Cuba Approved by
President McKinley.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 29.— The instruc
tions to the Cuban and Porto Rican Mil
itary Commissions were , drawn up. and
approved by the President before he left
Washington, and are now re^arty to be de
livered to the President of each before he
leaves.
The instructions will not be made pub
lic, but their general terms are known to
be the same as those sent to General
Shafter regarding the government of
Santiago, and to General Merrltt regard
ing the Philippines. This will mean that
the Military Commissions will take con
trol of Cuba and Porto Rico, the same
as the Military Governor controls that
portion of Cuba surrendered to the Uni
ted States after the Santiago campaign.
The many minor details relative to the
evacuation of the islands are left to the
Commissioners, who will report any dif
ficulty or disputed points to Washington.
There has been doubt as to whether or
not the United States would take con
trol of Cuba, but the instructions to the
Cuban Military Commission settle any
question regarding the island, and means
that, for the present at least, the United
States will assume the government and
control of the remainder of the island,
as has been the case at Santiago.
PREDICTS A WAR
IN THE ORIENT
Chinese Minister Reports to the Pc-
king Government That England
and Russia May Clash.
LONDON, Aug. 29.— A special dispatch
from Shanghai says it is stated there that
the Chinese Minister at St. Petersburg
has reported to his Government that, in
his opinion, the Chinese question will pre
cipitate a conflict between Great Britain
and Russia. This state of affairs he
Bays, was brought about by the British
Embassador presenting a note at St.
Petersburg of such a peremptory nature
demanding freedom of enterprise in re
gions where Russian influence is sup
p.isi-d to predominate that Count Mura
vioff cannot accept it. The Chinese Min
ister, indeed, expects that a conflict will
certainly break out before the end of the
year.
MARRIED IN NEW YORK.
Miss Lola Yberri becomes the Bride
of Seymour Fitch.
NETV YORK, Aug. 29.— Miss Lola Yberri,
the dancer, was married at the City Hall
to-day to Seymour Fitch, a lawyer of this
city. The bride is a native of Mexico, but
was educated at a convent in San Fran
cisco, and made her debut as an actress
in that city at the old California Theater.
Later ■■-•he made a specialty of dancing',
and first came East in 1893 with Thatch
er's Tuxodo Company. She was last seen
on the stage here at Koster & Blal's in
1896. Since then she has been living
abroad. The wedding party at the City
Hall comprised Mrs. J. R. Jarboe and
Mrs. Jerome C. Bull of San Francisco,
friends of the bride, and J. H. Fitch of
Bronxwood Park, brother of the groom,
and wife.
SURGEON DUNCAN IN
CUSTODY OF A SHERIFF
And Now There Is a Prospect of a
Clash Between State and
Federal Authorities.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 29.— Captain L.oui9
C. Duncan, surgeon of the Twenty-second
Kansas Regiment, is held by the Sheriff
of Fairfax County, Virginia, to answer
an indictment charging him with dese
crating Confederate graves at Bull Run,
near Manassas. It appears that Dr. Dun
can, whose case has now become famous,
was not sentenced to five years' impris
onment, as reported from Camp Meade,
Pa., but escaped much more lightly at the
hands of the military court, there being
a lack of evidence to prove that he actu
ally took part in despoiling the graves.
The finding of the court-martial, ap
proved by General Davis, was that Sur
geon Duncan be deprived of his rank for
two months, be confined to the regimental
camp and forfeit half his pay for the
came length of time and that he be repri
manded by the commanding general.
It is understood that when the Sheriff
E resented his warrant for him under the
tate indictment Duncan voluntarily sur
rendered. A clash between the State au
thorities and the War Department may
develop. The case has not been brought
to the attention of Washington as yet.
FAILURE OF HARVESTS
CAUSES GREAT DISTRESS
Prompt Relief Can Only Prevent
Widespread Suffering in Many
Districts of Russia.
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 29.— Owing to
the failure of the harvests In seven dis
tricts of the government of Kazan and
in the provinces of Samaria, Saratof, Si
birik, Viatke and Perma, where the crops
are almost worthless, even the landed gen
try are beginning to ask the Government
for relief, and the authorities are adopt
ing measures to aid the sufferers. Tne
distress, however, is becoming more acute
every day. The peasants are denuding
their cottages of thatch In order to feed
their stock, but In spite of all that can be
done, cattle and horses are dying in great
numbers. The Government officials are
very slow in getting the relief measures
into effect, and the only aid thus far has
been the granting of permission to the
Foasants to gather faggots in the woods
or fuel and to collect dried leaves for
fodder. The peasants are exhausted from
lack of food, and unless the promised
suplies are speedily sent the suffering will
bo terrible.
EXTRAVAGANCE, BUT NO
CRIMINAL MISCONDUCT
Eeport of a Committee to Investigate
Charges Against Pythian
Supreme Officers.
INDIANAPOLIS. Aug. 29.— The Su
preme Lodge. Knights of Pythias, was in
session all day in the State House. It
THE SAN FEAXCTSCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 30, 1898.
adopted a new ritual for the Uniform
.uank in a modified form.
The ocmmittee appointed several days
ago to investigate the charges of ex
travagance made against the Supreme
Lodge officers and to secure, if necessary,
the name of the informant of a local pa
per, will report to-morruw that there has
been extravagance but no crimnal mis
conduat. It will also report that it could
not .secure the name of the recalcitrant
representative.
The ways and means committee decided
to recomend a per capita tax of 6 cents
for the support 01 the Supreme Lodge,
which, with $9000 estimated income from
the sale of supplies and $75u0 income from
the Supreme representative tax of $50
each against grand lodges, will give an
Income of about $."o.k«i a year.
The Supreme Lodge decided to-day to
borrow $25,000 for the experfses of the Su
preme Lodge, as there is now only $9000 In
the treasury.
The Supreme Tribunal conluded Its
work to-day and adjourned after having
settled several cases. In the case of T.
W. Dunne against the Oahu Lodtre No. 1
of Honolulu, the appeal was dismissed.
John H. Alexander of Losburg, Va.,
was re-elected Supreme Tribune for five
years. W. B. Gale of Boston succeeded
George D. Seay on the Tribunal. "\V. D.
Kennedy was re-elected Supreme Re
corder.
SLEPT ON THE TRACK.
Intoxicated Youth Horribly Mutilat
ed by a Train Near Acanipo.
LODI, Aug. 29.— A young man's thought
lessness caused his death at Acampo, two
miles north of here, at S:2O last night.
Byloan Denehy. aged 19, was run over by
freight train Xo. 106 and bis body horri
bly mutilated. The remains were found
scattered along the track for over a hun
dred yards. The supposition is that the
victim went to sleep on the rails. The
engineer did not see him until too late
to stop, and the whole train passed over
the body.
Denehy and a young friend visited Lodi
earlier in the evening, and when they
left town both were intoxicated. The
station agent at Acampo tried to per
suade Denehy to go to bed shortly before
he met his awful end. but to no avail.
The deceased was well connected, his
father owning a larg<' mercantile and
warehouse business. The burial took
place to-day ami the inquest will be held
to-morrow, when the train's crew can be
present to testify.
Miners Are Starving.
SKATTI.r, Aus. 2!>.— K. K. Beoston, the
p. neral Inspector of the Hudson Bay
Company, has returned from the North.
He says: "The miners on the Edmonton
route are in a starving condition. That
company's posts will have to help them
out to prevent serious trouble. Prospec
tors on the Ashcroft route arc in just as
bad condition. After reaching the Stick
een River they made a desperate attempt
to get home, almost giving their outfits
away."
FIRST WOMAN ARMY SURGEON
DR. ANiTA NEWCOMB McGEE.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 29.— T0-day, for the first time in the
American army, a woman was appointed a member of the
medical staff. Dr. Anita Newcomb McGee, wife of Profes
sor W. J. McGee of this city, and a daughter of Professor
Simon Newcomb, formerly of the Naval Observatory, was
regularly sworn in as an acting assistant surgeon. This, according to
Secretary Alger's general order, would entitle her to the uniform of
a second lieutenant, without designation of rank. It is not likely,
however, that Dr. McGee will avail herself of this privilege.
The appointment, while a novelty from a technical standpoint, Is
not the beginning of Dr. McGee's service with the War Department.
Throughout the war she has been in charge of the selection of the
women nurses, and of 700 or more now in the field most of them have
passed muster at her hands.
Assistant Surgeon McGee goes to New York to select thirty
graduate nurses for service in Porto Rico. She has regularly prac
ticed her profession in Washington for some years and is well known
in medical circles throughout the country. She contributed several
papers to the American Association for the Advancement of Science
and to other scientific organizations.
TYPICAL SCENE AT MONTAUK POINT.
HAS IT BALKED
RED CROSS WORK
Surgeon-General Makes
Denial.
STATEMENT BY STERNBERG
ANSWERS CHARGES PREFERRED
IN THE PRESS.
Says He Has Been Friendly to the
Relief Association, but Did Not
Desire Woman Nurses
in the Army.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 29.— The fol
lowing statement regarding the medical
corps of the army and the American
National Ked Cross Society was given
out by Surgeon General Sternberg to-
day:
Owing to the pressure of my official
duties I have not heretofore felt Justified
in. taking the time to make an explanation
■with 1 reference to my attitude toward the
American. National Red Cross Society.
It has been repeatedly charged in the
newspapers that I am hostile to this or
ganization and have refused to accept' its
assistance ,in the care ;of our sick • and
wounded soldiers and sailors and that. A3
a result of this refusal there has been un
necessary^ suffering. .«-- • -,>.- >?&'*"' •_•-■■
.. .These, charges are without : foundation,
. except' in so fax as 'It have objected to
i the sending. of female nurses with troops
in the field engaged in active operations.
We have a Red Cross Hospital Coipa
in the army of enlisted men, whose duty
it is to render assistance to the wounded
upon the field of battle and to i*are for
the sick In our division field hospitals, and
I have been of the opinion that female
nurses would be an lncumbrance to tne
troops during active operations; but so
soon as serious sickness developed in our
camps and it 5 became necessary to treat
typhoid fever In our field hospitals, I
gladly accepted the services of trained fe
male, nurses for the division field hos
pitals. In our general hospitals we have
employed them'Jrom the first. The gen
eral testimony from the surgeons in
charge of these hospitals has been that
their services have been of great value.
Very many of these trained nurses have
been obtained through the kind assist
ance of the Red Gross Society for Main
tenance of Trained Nurses, Auxiliary No.
3, and I desire to express my high appre
ciation of the valuable services rendered
the medical • department of the army by
this organization.
My attitude toward relief organizations
Is shown by an indorsement, dated May 5,
upon a letter addressed by Rev. Henry C.
McCook of Philadelphia to the President
and referred to me for remark:
'"May 5, IS9B.— Respectfully returned to
the adjutant general of the army. The
plan proposed for the organization of a
relief. association, to be well con
sidered, and the object in view will com
mend itself to every patriotic citizen. But
It is a question whether the President
i should give special privileges to any par-
I ticular organization. Other prominent in
| dividuals in different parts of the country
: may be organized for the same purpose.
One such proposition has come from Chi
i cago. While I approve in a general way
of organization for the relief work pro
posed, it appears to .me that it will be
best not to give any one organization ex
clusive privileges. In case of need, as
sistance should be accepted from any or
ganization prepared to give it."
This has been my guiding principle
throughout — relief, when needed,
should be promptly accepted without ref
erence to the source from which it comes.
The relief afforded by the National Red
Cross at Slboney was promptly accepted
by the surgeons on the spot, but it is evi
dent that it was entirely . Inadequate to
meet the emergency.
A committee, of the American National
Red Cross Association called upon me in
my office in Washington some time in
advance of the landing of our troops in
Santiago, making an offer of assistance.
I received them most courteously and
advised them to use their resources in
fitting up a hospital ship, ; telling them
that a hospital, ship was now being-fitted
up for the use of the medical depart
ment, but that it was not at all Improb
able that an emergency would arise which
would overtax our resources, and that. in
such an event a hospital ship, properly
equipped, having on board a : corps of
doctors, and nurses, would be a valuable
auxiliary- '■••■• '. ; ~r-'-'- :.. •*•■•. •:•.*.-.
Furthermore, the American." National
Red Cross Association has had full au
thority to send agents and Vupplie* to all
our camps since June 9, 18^8, and if ( there
has * been suffering for , want of needed
supplies, they must assume the respon
sibility with the medical department of
the army for such suffering.-
The following letter was sent by me to
every chief ■ surgeon of a department or
independent army In the field on June
9, 1898:
"The Secretary of War has approved of
the following -proposition ' made by the
American National Red Cross Associa
tion, and the chief surgeons of army
corps and divisions will co-operate with
the authorized agents of this association
for the purposes indicated:
" 'We can put any desired amount of
hospital supplies— ice,- malted milk, con
densed milk— into any of the volunteer
camps in a few hours. Will you be kind
enough to bring this letter to the atten
tion of Secretary Alger and ask him if
there is any objection to our appointing
a Red Cross representative to ; report . to
the commanding officer and the chief sur
geons in every camp, confer with them as
to their immediate needs, and, if anything
of any kind is wanted, open a Red Cross
station and send in the supplies. We can
do this, not in a few weeks or a few days,
but in a few hours, and can furnish any
quantity of any desired luxury or delicacy
for hospital use. We hereby tender our
aid and put our organization at the War
Department's service for co-operation in
To show my cordial relations with the
National Red Cross Relief Committee. I
venture to quote from a letter of August
11 received by me from Mr. • Cleveland H.
Dodge, chairman of» the ; supply commit
tee. Mr. Dodge says: ' : ,
"I want again to assure you personally,
on behalf of our committee, of our earnest
desire to assist you in every possible way,
and to thank you for calling upon us so
frankly."  __
In a recent letter from Mrs. Winthrop
Cowdin, vice-president of the Red Cross
ADVERTISEMENTS. ___
A regular twister has overtaken our stock the past few days. Such ,a\
cyclone is not common in San Francisco. We may not welcome it, but
others will. Those who find it necessary to make $1 do the work of $2
or $3 have the chance^ to pick up many, things f just where th,ey fell. Not ,
only the store felt the wave, but the dining-room on the sixth floor, where
the best American dinner in the world is set for the price. We could talk
all day on this subject, but it is : better . for. you to come and see. At ■ home
to-day and to-morrow. .' ' ■■ '"
CYCLONE PRICES. ' WRECKAGE BARGAINS.
Cabbage, large 25c cans .........;..'... ........ 10c Almonds, choice \ hard shall ........".....'... 3c
Pork and beans,'. 25c cans ................ 13o> Pitted plums, -finest kind '5c
Peas (small petit pols), 15c 5ize.......... 10c Unpltted plums. 5c grade =.................. '.'2c
Oysters galore best quality. In can 5........ 10c Sliced -pears, ; extra stock ■ ..; ..3c
Corn highest grade Maine .......... — ...... 10c Nectarines, : fine quality, bleached ;..■ 5c
Clam's ;in cans, best put up... ...:... ;.....:. 10c Pears, fancy 12V4c quality .................... Be i
Lobsters finest,', have, a double dose .. 16c Popcorn, : Rice : brand ;.." ..... ........... 3c !
American sardines, . best packed, 25 for $100 Starch, fine laundry, 6-lb pack.....;.... 1 .... 15c I
Deviled ham, Libby's small can 5............ 4c Macaroni, very fine grade, 3 1b5. .....-....:. 15c
American milk In glass. 25c size 15c P. & G. mining, 14 oz, box of 120... '..„.. $150
Celebrated Jacob Dold : lard, 10 - lbs ....:75c Prunp*s, closing 1897 crop, 4c.' 5c and......... 6c
Black pepper, high grade, 1-lb tin 5........... 12c Raisins, fine cooking or table ......:.......:.. 3c
Baking-powder, pure, well known.;..;.:. 20c ; —^- ' :l '"' : ■„-
\* " Cream freezers, family size, few left $100
• " - ,t, t • ' „ Rolling pins, enameled" handle ............. c
Rolled oat?, fine family grade, 10 lbs. v ...,2ac Towel rollers, 15c kind ....1........V ".{ 7C7 C
Shoe polish, ; choice of three kind 5........ 3c Potato; mashers. r 10c' kind ....:......- '*• 3C3 C
Chest protectors, ladies' or boys', size..;:.. 2oc Washboards,. a car load to offer 12c and " 15c
Shirt waists, ladies' .-light or dark 3ug Chopping bowls, : round, all ; sizes 6c lie
Little shirts, little ; folks, to 1% years.... oc and ...:.:.;. ....V....:;...;....... .;....;.:.., 19c
Ladles' Jackets, $5, small 5ize5....... $. M Mowing machines for. the lawn-.; . - $195
Ladies' or girls' underpants, jOe kind ...15c W Ire screen, : green, per square foot " lc
Boys' winter or summer caps, now ;6c | Wire toasters, t 15c kind,', now. 1 ... . *" "' c
Boys' H hose, 10c kind............ ;••.- *= | Home made, fruit pies, every day .„'.:'." '"•'■ ioc
Little boys' $3 BO Jersey suits ................$l6O Flour for family use. good quality;;; 90c
Bigger boys' 2 piece suits- .................$2.00 I Eastern boneless bacon, warranted ....;.!! 9c
OPEN UNTIL 8:30 O'CLOCK ON SATURDAY EVENING ONLY.
Ladles' garden or work gloves, buck. 7%.. 25 c fl|flfl I 'A bBLm wßSgk v
Oyster gems, a flne cracker, fresh Sc I lE| jjg MS ?J9 fe^^Y
fiallne snow flakes: ever try I' 1..... ....... 15c jSTy A| fi> ■ » '"'jjT*l IP— "In.' .— ' -_—
Our wall paper attracts attention ;....... 3c up %^ f»"^^ H T"" •■ Igr
Window curtains with all fixtures.. :.;.:;.. l3c ;:. - • ■ ■ - ' *"^ .-■' Vf^-t
Carpet, ehort * lengths^' Brussels, v yard 85c - : oW' Ci'-r '»* ' ; "' 1' ; £>" *-> ■ " '
i Carpet, yard wide, ingrains, pretty .. ..23c Lk JiO m Zii lYianKet bt», S» F»
Society for Maintenance of Trained
Nurses, she says:
"We greatly appreciate your courtesy to
us and feel most grateful to have been
permitted to serve you in any way."
• GEORGE M. STERNBERG.
I Surgeon General, U. S. A.
PURSUED FOR YEARS
BY AN UNKNOWN FOE
Three Attempts Made to End the
Life of Murdered Mrs.
Morse's Son.
POIXT ARENA, Aug. 29.— The sons of
Mrs. Morse, the aged victim of an un
known poisoner, have concluded to sell
"their Interests 1 here and locate In San
Francisco. Fearing that his life is in
danger, Le Grand Morse, who narrowly
escaped sharing the fate of his mother,
has determined' to shake the dust of this
town from his feet, hoping that in San
Francisco he will be safe from the enemy
who has pursued him for years, and who,
he thinks, caused the death of his devoted
parent.
Three attempts have already been made
on his life. Who his pursuer is Morse is
at a loss to know. He does not suspect
anybody. Some years ago Morse was in
strumental in sending a criminal to San
Quen.tin. Before being taken to the peni
tentiary the prisoner swore vengeance
against "Morse. . The man was released
about a year ago, and was last heard of
in Oregon. Morse, shortly after the mur
der of his mother, thought the ex-convict
had planned the crime, and so notified, the
detective who is working on the case. In
formation received to-day, however,
shows that he had nothing to do with the
murder, as he went to Oregon immediate
ly after being released fr<T> Ran yuentin
and has been there ever since.
Man) of itae residenta regret that they
did not seize a letter which Mrs. Spauld
ing sent to Texas the day following the
murder of Mrs. Morse. Mrs. Spauldlng
quietly left the house in which she lives
and hurriedly walked to the postoffice.
On the way she dropped two letters — one
addressed to her daughter in El Paso,
Texas, and the other to the Postmaster
of that city. They were picked up by a
citizen, who sent them to the inspector at
San Francisco, asking him in the name of
justice to open them. The inspector opened
the letter addressed to Mrs. Spaulding's
daughter, who is the divorced wife of Le
Grand Morse, but refused to open the one
addressed to the Postmaster. Many per
sons here now believe that in the envelope
which was addressed to the Postmaster
of El Paso was a sealed letter which the
writer asked to be delivered to her daugh
ter.
Le Grand Mnrse to-day made known
the fact that his life is insured for $2000.
his daughter, Georgie. being named as
beneficiary. The policy was taken out
about fourteen years ago, when his j
daughter was a mere girl. Georgie is the
wife of Downs, the blacksmith, whose
name has been prominently mentioned in
connection with the murder of Mrs.
Morse.
"KID" M'PARTLAND
GETS THE DECISION
NEW YORK, Aug. 9.— Kid MePartland
of this city got a well-earned decision
over Jack Daly of "Wilmington, Del., af
ter fighting twenty-five clean rounds be
fore the Greater New York Athletic Club
to-night. The last time these two met
Daly got the decision on a foul in the
seventh round at the Lenox Athletic
Club, and since that time McPartland
has always claimed that he had Daly
whipped then. He insisted that on their
next meeting he would demonstrate his
superiority over the Delaware man, and
he did this very effectively to-night.
Both men were in splendid form and
showed, when they stepped in the ring,
that they had trained carefully. The
bout was devoid of foul work and was one
of the cleanest and cleverest exhibitions
ever given under the Horton law. There
was little to choose between the men at
the end of the go, but as McPartland had
done more leading than his opponent, the
referee's decision in his favor was fair.
Daly's friends lost a lot of money on
the result, and a few bets were made in
the early part of the fight at 2 to 1 on
the Delaware man. At no stage of the
contest were these odds warranted, and
it was evident at the. end of the twelfth
round that the ,fi&ht would go to the
limit. :
Raleigh and Olympia at Hongkong.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
HONGKONG, Aug. 29.— The Raleirh ar
rived yesterday and the Olympia to-day to
dock. The ships were terribly fouled in
Manila waters.
Clark to Get a Vacation.
■WASHINGTON, Aug. 29. — Captain
Charles E. Clark, formerly in command
of the battleship Oregon, when discharged
from further treatment at the hospital at
New York, will be granted three months'
leave of absence.
Gold From Australia,
SYDNEY, N. S. W., Aug. 20.— The
American steamer Alameda, Captain yon
Ottendorp, sailed to-day for San Fran
cisco, having on board $3,000,000 In gold.
OLYMPIC CLUB OFFICERS.
Members Who Ha ire Been Selected to
Pilot the Club to Success.
The Olympic Club nominating commit
tee met last evening in its club room on
Post street and the following: officers
were nominated on the regular ticket for
the ensuing year: For president, John
I' Klrkpatrlek: vice-president, F. T. Mc-
Lennan; secretary, James W. Mullen;
treasurer, H. B. Russ; leader, John A.
Hammersmith; captain, George James;
directors— E. F. Preston. J. 08. Gunn,
H V Ramsdell. O. B. Burns and F. G.
O'Kane. The election will take place on
September 5. and an opposition ticket is
not expected.
ADVERTISEMENTS^^^^^.
"THE DOCTORS THAT CURE."
THE EM AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS
Have bee;i established for 26 years. Their
staff is con-posed of \ five physicians and sur-
geons, all specialists and all graduates from
the best mecjcal colleges in the world. - They
are Incorporated under the laws of California
for ' $250,000 - aad have the largest and best
equipped institution of the kind In the United
States. • i -:•■
Among the diseases they cure are the follow-
ing: Bright's Disease, all other Diseases of th»
Kidneys, Diseases of the Bladder and Kindred
Organs; Liver. Spleen. Spine, Bowels, Heart.
Stomach. Eyes. Ear. Skin and Nerves • Also ■
Impoverished Blood, Blood Poison and Scrof-
ula: Catarrh, Tonsilitis. Consumption. Bron-
chitis, Asthma and other Lung Troubles; Tu-
mors Deformities, Insomnia, Melancholia, Pa-
ralysis, Rupture, Dysentery, Dyspepsia, Neu-
ralgia. Rheumatism. Stiff and Swollen Joints;
Female Complaints, including Ovarian Trou-
bles- Piles. Fistula. Obesity. Ring Worm, Goi-
ter" Tobacco, Opium. Cocaine and Liquor
Habit ■ Headache. Erysipelas. Gout, Taps
Worm Biliousness, Dropsy, Gall Stone. Ec-
zema. Freckles. Blackheads, Cancer, etc.; and
Chronic Diseases generally. ' ■
The two Surgeons who compose a part of tn»
staff perform surgical operations when necea-
6a i? you are ailing seriously or have a symp-
tom consult these eminent doctors.
A VICE FREE at office or by mail.
FREE BOOK for men or women and treatise
on any disease. Call or address
ENGLISH AND GERMAN SPECIALISTS,
731 Market St., San Francisco. Cal.
TAKE ELEVATOR. Hours ' 8 to 12—1 to \ 5
daily. Evenings 7 to 8; Sundays 9 to 11.
4- 4 ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦+♦♦♦♦+
♦ • ' • -^i i
+ POCKET KNIVES BLADED. +
"♦" RAZORS GROUND OR HONED. +
♦ SCISSORS AND SHEARS GROUND. ,+
"^". - Surgical Instruments, Carvers and all "♦•
>. kinds of edged tools made and repaired. +
Mail orders executed promptly.
+ WILL & FINCK CO., "♦"
-f - 818-820 MARKET STREET. . >•
++++++++<¥ + + + + + + + + +
* Use f^^ and 
Facial Soap |^/ Facial Cream,*
If anything alls your Skin. Scalp, Complex-
ion or Hair, call on or write Dermatologist
JOHN H. WOODRURT, 127 West 42d St., New
York, 163 State st., Chicago. Use Woodbury •
Facial -Soap, Facial Cream, Facial and Tooth
Powder. Sold everywhere. , •
q visit DR. JORDAN'S G~.t
£l|» Museum of Inatomy
f^^\ 105! MAEiZt ST. let. 6th 4 7'J», S. T. CtL
& " M "a The L»rg«.»«fitaklndiDU!e'B-»rlfi.
\ssm\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
[I trW^t? B. Conaultallon free. Wrivo for Hook
vi f I^PhHisopiiyiif'Sfarriage.
m v mailco mcc.
I —
" ; STATE/WENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE
GREENWICH
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW / )
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D. %„ I
1897, and for the year ending ,on that day, as * "
made to the Insurance Commissioner- of tha
State of California, pursuant to the i provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of . the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. ....
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash ...:...... .". - $200,000 00
ASSETS. ;>>;
Real estate owned by company $200,000 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,043,895 00
Amount of : loans secured by pledge
.of bonds, stocks and other market- - *
able securities as collateral 5,000 00
Cash In company's office 5,187 48
Cash in bank 5............ 61,874 28
Interest due and accrued on all
■stocks and loans 437 50
Premiums in due course of collection 146,275 73
Bills receivable, not matured, taken .
for fire and marine risks 22,015 54
Total assets -...'. 1. '„:.<!.... $1,484,685 51
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $6,649 53
Losses in . process of adjustment or .
in suspense - '108,950 98 .
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. : 40,039 84
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $534,927 96;
reinsurance 60 per cent .r. ..:..... 267,463 93
Gross premiums on fire risks run- , - -.
ning more than one year. 5663,667 47; . _
■reinsurance pro rata 331,537 34
Gross premiums on marine and in-  .
land navigation risks. $88,793 19; re-
Insurance 100 per cent............... 83,793 IS
Amount reclatmable by the insured '" •
on 'perpetual flre insurance policies. 93150
All other demands against the com-
pany ;...;....... v .. ....... —•• ■ «.S3S M
Total liabilities .' $892,953 24
'.- ' INCOME.
Net rash actually received for flre •
premiums ... ... $743.615 83 .
Net " cash actually . received for ma- ■• ■ •• - ■"• «*1
rine premium 5.......'...'..../......... 139.300 17 T*
Received' for Interest and dividends  "•,. -•r.".\rrf>
on bonds, stocks, > loans and from
' all other sources..... 40,854 17
Received for rent 5..................... 16,937 53
Taxes refunded 4.765 44
Total income ..}...:..... $945,473 13
. EXPENDITURES. .'=
Net amount paid "for flre losses $396,427 95
Net amount paid for marine losses.. "6,978 08
Dividends to 5t0ckh01der5............. ' 20,000 00
Paid or allowed for ; commission", or
brokerage i...... 167,334 54
Paid •: for • salaries, . fees . and other
- charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 105,11139
Paid for V State, national and local
taxes ...........;........-- 14.820 S3
All other payments and expenditures. • 92,144 31
Total expenditures ...:... $572,816 65
Losses incurred during the year 4 .. ; $525,993 17
. Risks and Premiums. : Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ- -■ '" '
ten during the year... $127,628,414 $964,565 83
Net amount of risks ex- >■ v •
pired during the year... 189,076,041 1.067,056 69
Net amount In force De- ■ . .... • -
cember 31. 1597r......... 203.370.666 1,199,630 43
■; :-".:. ;:-. : ..■? Marine -I ■' - -. ; -
; Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums. .
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year... $44,503,809 $154,696 80
Net amount of risks ex- ■ ■» ■".":::
pired during the year... 43,631.386 >1J5,»44 47
Net amount in force De- : . -.
cember 31. 1597..../....., 2,758.211 88,793 19
MASON A. STONE. President. ; : .
WALTER B. WARD. Assistant Secretary.
: :" Subscribed ■' and ' sworn to before me , this 31st
day of January.' IM>S. illwi | l l i>^r'i<»W | 'i Mtij'^mi'fwii
- WM. B. STTJYVESANT, : Notary Public.
DAVIS & HENRY, *
AGENTS FOR CALIFORNIA,
215 Sansorae St., San Francisco.
; Telephone Main 1100.WILL MILES
STICK TO THE
STATEMENTS?
Telegrams That Back
Up His Stand.
EXTRICATED SHAFTER IN CUBA
THEN CORBjIN'S SECRET DIS
PATCH CAUSED TROUBLE.
At Santiago the Commanding Gen
eral of the Army Checked an
—  ■ Attempt to Evade His
r- : Authority.
Sp*ciat Dispatch to The Call.
• ■;• KANSAS CITY, Mo., Aug. 29.— The |
, Star this afternoon prints a three- j
'"■? "column exclusive dispatch from Mr. J.
' D. Whelpley. its special war corre
spondent, -who has just returned from
• • Porto Rico, bearing upon the Miles
"'Alger controversy. Whelpley takes oc
casion to deny the statement that his
•■ . recently published Interview in Porto
-Kfco with General Miles, wherein the
•latter was quoted as casting reflections
• upon the "War Department, ' was not j
; genuine, and in support of the state- j
• • -nients already made by its correspond- \
..' ehtthe Star prints interesting tele
-. : grams that passed between the War
"'. Department and Generals Miles and
. • Shatter on the points at issue.
"Doubt is expressed by some," says ;
Mr. Whelpley, "as to whether General
: Miles said these things I credit him 1
with. Others suggest he may have
said them in confidence which was be
trayed. I feel confident," continues
the correspondent, "General Miles will
stand by the interview referred to.
) "My talk with him was not confiden
tial. I went to him as a newspaper
reporter for the avowed and express
purpose of securing an interview.
• .There were no reservations from pub- '
■; lication in the conversation. This is
V proved by his refusal to answer some ■
i questions which he would have ans- |
wered had this not been so. There was j
no -hint of confidences.
' '•■'in : this instance, however, no ques
tion -of veracity need arise. General j
Mites himself, even if he so desired, *
could not conceal the proof of all he
said. It is written in the records of
the War Department, and it only needs
a- clearing away of inconsequent mat
ter- to" tell the story clearly and in
full/ 1
The Star's article says:
"•* ~-\ "That General Miles was in command
of the', entire army when in Washing
■ ' ton Was, of course, evident.
'.••'That he did not , resign this ,
supreme conimand when he went to .
Tampa and that it was he who was i
treating with the Cubans for co-opera
,'■ tlo'n-inC-üßa is shown by numerous tel- i
■ egrarhs exchanged with General Garcia. j
:• The War Department recognized Miles '
as -chief ■ when he was in Tampa, for
June .12 a telegram was sent to him j
from Washington which begins: 'The
" following extract of telegram from Ad
- • miral Sampson to Secretary of Navy
is: repeated for your information,' etc.
' ' • ■'."W.hen General Shafter went
• "to .'Cuba and General Miles re
turned to Washington the latter did not |
• resign his control of the situation, but |
.on the contrary kept in as close touch I
• .' as' possible by wire with the movements j
of Shatter's command.
•:'.'Ori the Fourth of July he sent the
« ■ fojlowl-ng dispatch to Washington, ad
['■ dressed to the adjutant general: ad
dressed to the adjutant general:
.-.-■ headquarters fifth ARMY
§ corps, IN CAMP near Santiago
LVCI'BA, July 4.— There seems to be no
. reasonable doubt that General Pando
succeeded in entering Santiago last night ■
. •'• with his force, said to be about 5000 men.
..• Tills 'puts a different aspect upon affairs,
• and while we can probably maintain our
•.'; selves, -it would be at the cost of very
' considerable fighting and loss.
: General Lawton reports that General
. ; Garcia, who was to block entrance of
•'■: Pando, informed him at 10 o'clock last
night that Pando had passed in on Cobra
"' road. Lawton says he cannot compel
• • General Garcia to obey my instructions
•' to place themselves in any position where
they will have to tight, and that if we In
':.. tend- to reduce Santiago we will have to
. ■ depend. alone upon our own troops and |
■ that we will require twice the number we I
now have.
■I sent a message to Admiral Sampson,
asking if he proposed to enter the harbor
so- as to give us his assistance. Commo
dore 'Watson replies that he does not
• know- Admiral Sampson's intentions since
the destruction of the Spanish squadron,
but does not himself think the fleet should
' . try to go into the harbor of Santiago.
' ' This, under the circumstances, is not very
encouraging. .._._.
Have been expecting a division from
Tampa and Duffleld's Second Brigade
''. from Camp Alger, but only a small num
ber of recruits has appeared so far. If
• ' we have to go and try to reduce the
town, now that the fleet is destroyed,
' which was stated to be the chief object of
the expedition, there must be no delay in
.getting large bodies of troops here. The
town Is in a/ terrible condition as to food
'-' and people are starving, as stated by for
" eign consuls this morning, but the troops
can fight, and have a large quantity of
rice, but no other supplies. There will be
~ .nothing done until noon of the sth. and I
••-. -suppose I can put them off a little longer
• to .enable people to get out. Country here
• ... is -.destitute of food or growing crops, ex
■'.ctpt-mangoes.
■■-'-: M.en are in good spirits, though It is
■•'■■har.4 to- tell how long the latter will con
•'[tUiue. .1 am sorry to say I am no better,
: aria- in addition to my weakness cannot
boot "on account of the .slight attack of
• •■gout. but hope to be better soon. . Lieu
. . tenant Miley had interview with consuls
this morning, and his report will be tele
"• graphed immediately. I do not send this
in. cipher, as time is precious.
• .. •■ . SHAFTER, Major General.
"It was this situation which deter
•'.-• mined General Miles to go to Cuba.'
The day he sailed with reinforcements,
■ July 7, he sent the following dispatch
. .from Washington:
! General Shafter, Santiago de Cuba:
Take "every precaution against surprise
and be on the lookout that the enemy does
not turn your right flank and come In on
. the line of your communications. Rein- !
'■•' : -'forcements are being sent forward as rap- ;
" idl-y as possible, but you will have to be
: .the Judge of the position you are to hold
until reinforcements can reach you
: =• MILES, Major General Commanding.
• ■ "General Miles sailed for Cuba. On
July 11 at noon he reported his safe ar
§ rival to the War Department and at
on" assumed charge, reporting to the
Secretary of War. All of the subse
quent business of the surrender was en
' "tirely in his hands, as shown by the
•fact that the War Department com
• municated with him direct; not even
' mentioning: General: Shafter's; name in
the numerous dispatches. The. follow
ing- dispatch is an excellent example: .
% WASHINGTON, D. C, July 13.— Major
'* General Miles: You may accept surren-
S'der by granting parole to officers and
men the officers retaining their side arms.
The officers and men after parole will be
permitted to return to Spain;? the United
States assisting. .a lf not accepted, then as
sault; unless in your judgment an assault
would fall. Consult with Sampson and
pursue such " course as ■: to the assault as
ADJUTANT GENERAL HENRY CLARK CORBIN,
One of the Offclals of the W^r Department Against Whom General
Miles Has Made Charges.
you Jointly agree upon. Matters should
be settled promptly. _
R. A. ALGER, Secretary of War.
"This dispatch recognized &..les as
the commander and gave him authority
to act. Shafter was entirely ignored.
In the face of this situation Secretary
Alger, through General Corbin. sent a
dispatch to General Shafter assuring
him that General Miles did not come to
Cuba to supersede Shafter in any way.
This dispatch General Miles refers to
as 'secret,' for, he says, he did not know
It had been sent, not having been noti
fied from Washington and General
Shafter saying nothing to him about it.
After the surrender General Miles still
retained control. He authorized Shaf
ter to appoint peace commissioners,
and, Judging from Shafter's report, that
all was over, he instructed him as to
the disposition of the troops.
"July 15 General Shafter wired
General Miles that the surrender was
not as complete as was thought,
and said: "Please do not £o
away with the reinforcements, as I may
yet need them.' Miles promptly replied
by wire from Balquirt that the sur
render "is complete' and the Spaniards
'must surrender.'
"On July 16 Shafter wired Miles that
the surrender was finally complete.
And General Miles replied through Ad
jutant General Gilmore as follows:
'The commanding general is very
much gratified to hear that the sur
render Is complete. He directs that
you telegraph anything of importance
and the condition of your command
dally.' General Miles then reported
the condition of affairs to the Secre
tary of War, with whom he had been in
conference.
"In one of his telegrams to Miles
Secretary Alger says: 'As soon as
Santiago falls the troops must all be
put in camp as comfortable as they
can be made and remain. I suppose,
until the fever has had its run.'
"Miles urged the return of the army
to the United States as soon as possi
ble. July 17 Shafter wired as follows
to General Miles:
SIBONEY, July 17, 8:48 p. m.
(received July 18). — General Miles,
on board Yale: Letters and orders in
reference to movement in camp re
ceived and will be carried out. No one
is more anxious to get away from
here than myself. It seems from
your orders given me that you re
gard my forces as part of your com
mand. Nothing will give me greater
pleasure than serving under you,
general, and I shall comply with all
your requests and directions, but I
was told by the Secretary that you
were not to supersede me in com
mand here. I will furnish the infor
mation called for as to the condition
of command to Gilmore, adjutant
general, A. H. Q.
SHAFTER, Major General.
"General Miles very promptly replied
as follows:
PLAYA DEL ESTE, Guantanamo,
July 18, 11:30 a. m. — General Shaf
ter: Telegram received. Have no de
sire and nave carefully avoided any
appearance of superseding you.
Your command is a part of the
United States army, which I have
the honor to command, having been
duly assigned thereto, and directed
by the President to go wherever I
thought my presence required, and
give such general directions as I
thought oest concerning military
matters, and especially directed to go
to Santiago for a specific purpose.
You will also notice that the order
of the Secretary of War of July 13
left the matter to my discretion. I
should regret that any event should
cause either yourself or any part of
your command to cease to be a part
of mine. Very truly yours,
NELSON A. MILES,
Major General Commanding United
States Army.
"General Miles .then gave Gen
eral Shafter final instructions and
left hurriedly for Porto Rico, for rea
sons already known to the readers of
the Star. In view of the situation as
revealed by the above telegrams the
following statement contained in the
New York Herald of recent date Is
quoted:
"If my cablegram to Major General
Shafter, informing him that Major Gen
eral Miles was not sent to supersede him
in supreme command of the troops in
the field at Santiaso de Cuba, prevented
the storming of the city on the day of
its surrender and resulted in the saving
lof lives which otherwise would have
been lost In the attack, then 1 am repaid
I for sending It a thousandfold."
This statement was made this after
! noon by Secretary Alger apropos of the
! publication in the Herald of yesterday
■ setting forth the doings of Major Gen
i eral Miles during his brief stay in Cuba.
: The Secretary told me he did not pro
pose to enter into any controversy re
garding the Santiago campaign with
anybody. The results spoke for them
selves, and they were a sufficient justi
fication for the policy which had been
pursued by the War Department in the
conduct of the operations against San
tiago.
"My cablegram to General Shafter,"
he continued, "was simply due to my de
sire to assure him that I intended to
be absolutely fair. Before his departure
from Washington General Mllee and I
talked the matter over, and he started
for Cuba knowing that he was not in
any way to interfere with the operations
which were under the control of General
Shafter. That there could be no doubt
whatever, I cabled to General Shafter in
forming him that General Miles had left
for Cuba with instructions not to in any
manner supersede him as commander of
the troops In the field at Santiago de
Cuba, and, as I have said. If my message
prevented a battle on the morning of the
day the city surrendered then I am re
paid a thousandfold."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 30, 1898.
SAMOA'S KING HAS
JOINED HIS FATHERS
Death Claimed Malietoa
Laupepa Last Monday.
SUCCUMBED TO THE FEVER
THREE CONSULS NOW GOVERN
ING THE ISLANDS.
Representatives of the United States,
England and Germany Super
vising the Administra
tion of Affaira.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUCKLAND, N. Z., Aug. 29.—Malle
toa Laupepa, King of Samoa, died on
Monday, August 22, of typhoid fever.
The administration of the govern
ment is being supervised by three con
buls, L. W. Osborne, representing the
United States; T. B. Causack-Smlth,
representing England, and F. Rose,
representing Germany, with the Chief
Justice, William Chambers, acting
president of the supervisory committee,
an arrangement that will continue un
til the successor of the deceased King
has been chosen.
Malietoa Laupepa was born about
sixty years ago. He has held office
since 1889, being restored after two
years of exile, by the American, Eng
lish and German consuls, December 10,
1889. Malietoa was one of several chiefs
of clans and could rely only on the
obedience and support of his own peo
ple, the Tumasaga and a part of Savali.
A new pretender to the throne of Sa
moa arose every little while and a fierce
conflict with the tribesmen of Malietoa
would be the result. Last spring the
native followers of Tamasese revolted
and rallied to his support, and the con
dition of affairs became such that the
foreign war vessels were forced to In
terfere.
NINE HUNDRED
SPANIARDS LOST
Drowned While Fleeing
From Filipinos.
THEIR SHIPS WENT DOWN
HORRIBLE INCIDENT OF THE
RECENT WAR.
Three Vessels Bearing Refugees To
ward Manila Said to Have
Been Sunk With All
on Boarl.
TACOMA, Aug. 29. — In connection
with the capture of the gunboat Leyte
by Admiral Dewey's fleet a few week's
ago, the Hongkong Daily Press says
there Is another incident not previously
made public.
The Leyte had towed three vessels
down the Pampangas River and along
the coast, with the intention of getting
those on board into Manila or surren
dering them to the Americans.
Rough weather compelled the Leyte
to leave them. She was on her way
to Manila, whither she was going for
assistance, when she was captured.
An American warship was sent to
look for the three vessels, but they
were nowhere to be found. The Insur
gents say they have not seen them and
there Is little doubt that they foundered
during the storm, with 900 souls aboard,
including sixteen priests. All were flee
ing from Insurgents, who they feared
would capture and massacre them.
GRANTING OF FURLOUGHS,
Those Who Have Done Service Out
side of the United States
Are Favored.
WASHINGTON,. Aug. 29.— At 11:30
o'clock to-night general orders relating to
the mustering out of the volunteers and
granting of furloughs were promulgated
by Adjutant General Corbln. To those
officers and men'who have served beyond
the limits of the United States leaves
of absence and furloughs for sixty days
will be granted respectively, while to
those who have not served outside of the
country the leaves of absence and fur
loughs will be limited to thirty days.
OBSTACLES
IN THE WAY
OF THE CZAR
Stumbling Blocks in
Peace's Path.
POWERS COULD NOT AGREE
FRANCE WOULD DEMAND AL
SACE-LORRAINE.
Throughout Europe, However, the
Sentiment of the Proposition
Is Received With Hearty
Good Will.
Bpetfal Dispatch to The Call.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 29.— The
newspapers here declare that the
Czar's manifesto will probably consti
tute a turning point in history. The
Novosti says:
"It stands to reason that the dis
armament question cannot be solved
without a previous removal of the
causes for the armaments. The con
ference must accurately determine the
respective pretentions of the nations
and propose means for a peaceful ar
rangement, and it may come to pass
that at the close of the nineteenth cen
tury a liquidation may be effected of
the international policies which are so
prolific in troubles and dangers.
The Novoe Vremya says: "All true
friends of peace are naturally on the
side of Russia, but it is impossible to
guarantee that some of the western
Cabinets will not raise objections, pro
moted by the fact that the armed
peace which has existed since 18/5 is
the main source of their international
sirengiw.
Sviet says: "If all the powers ac
cept Russia's proposal with the same
earnestness with which it was made
the dawn of the twentieth century will
see the idea of universal peace tri
umphant over that of unrest and
discord."
The Viedomosti expresses the opin
ion that the note of the Czar is essen
tially "an attempt to introduce the ele
ment of trust into international rela
tions," adding: "Whoever believes <n
the creative power of ideas propounded
with conviction and clearness must re
joice tnat the note brings a new and
efficient course into the world s life
and groups anew the participants in
that life."
PARIS, Aug. 29.— The French news
papers generally distrust the practica
bility of the Czar's peace scheme and
clearly indicate that France would
make the restoration of Alsace-Lor
raine a prerequisite to her participa
tion in the conference.
The Temps says: "It is to be hoped
that Europe, like France, will consider
the Czar's proposal in a spirit similar
to that whereby it was inspired. Never
theless, it must not be forgotten that
if France owes it to h«se!f to aid in
such an attempt there ia another por
tion of her moral patrimony which she
cannot abandon without abdicating the
very reason of her existence. France
cannot forget the eloquent words ex
changed between the Czar and the
President regarding the rights of peo
ples and justice. Count Muravieff's cir
cular seems a rejoinder to Mr.
Goschen's speech, whether or not it
was so intended. Therefore it lacks
neither wit nor appropriateness.. How
ever, it would be singularly belittling
the inspiration and meaning of the pro!
posal to see nothing else in it or even
to connect it with a wish to hamper
from the outset the conclusion of an
alliance between the United States and
Great Britain. What will the German
William think of the initiative of
Nicholas? That Prince will hardly con
sent to play second fiddle."
The Libertie remarks: "The gravest
questions which demand solution in
volve France, and the Czar has un
doubtedly considered these complica
tions and has consulted the powers
interested. It is tp be presumed he has
reason to believe his views will ' tri
umph."
The Masotte de France says: "Rus
sia made us go to Kiel, but to-day she
leads us to a conference which will
sanction a readjustment of 1871."
The Journal dcs Debate refers to the
past, "which we cannot forget," as be
ing a "stumbling-block" in the way of
the success of the conference.
The Patrie expresses the opinion that
Great Britain will never renounce her
maritime supremacy.
BERLIN, Aug. 29.— The North Ger
man Gazette, referring to-day to the
Czar's peace conference proposals, re
marks: "Our armaments were never
Intended for selfish ends, but only for
our own protection and for the main
tenance of peace. We are willing to
give a fair trial to another method of
attaining the object at a smarter cost"
The National Zeitung says: "The
Czar and his Ministers have not de
luded themselves with the idea that
they can rid the world of the causes
which for years have been responsible
for the growing armaments. When a
great power, however, addresses such
proposals to others they will be recog
nized everywhere as deserving of the
most serious consideration."
The Vosslsche Zeitung expresses the
opinion that the importance of the note
does not lie in the proposal for a con
ference, but in its conception.
The Post warmly eulogizes the Czar's
motives, which, it adds, "must every
where arouse sympathy."
The Kreuz Zeitung says: "No one
can yet appreciate the real significance
of the note. Its bitter-sweet reception
in France shows it will not meet with
universal approval."
According to the Hamburger Corre
spondentz the note will remain for
ever an imperishable monument to the
fame of Emperor Nicholas. Continu
ing the paper says: "It stands to rea
son that Germany welcomes the pro
posal In the most glad manner and is
prepared to co-operate in the sacred
work."
LONDON, Aug. 29.— General William
Booth of the Salvation Army sent the
following telegram to Emperor Nicho
las this afternoon:
"May it please your Majesty: I have
received with profound thankfulness to
God the news of your Imperial Maj
esty's wise, beneflcient and Christian
like proposal in favor of universal
peace. I cannot refrain from assuring
you of the admiration of the multitudes
of Salvationists in all parts of the
world, whose prayers will ascend to
Almighty God for your Majesty and
for the triumphs of those principles of
peace and righteousness after which
they are ever striving, and which are
moving you to seek the true welfare of
all nations.
"This great act of God's will must
forever add to the honor of your
Majesty's name, reign and country."
WASHINGTON, Aug. 29.— The extra
ordinary circular note directed by the
Russian Foreign Minister to the mem
bers of the diplomatic body at St.
Petersburg has attracted the earnest
attention of the officials here.
It Is believed that the victory
COUNT MURAVIEFF,
Russia's Foreign Minister, Who Transmitted to the Foreign Diplomat
at St. Petersburg the Czar's Note Declaring for Lasting Peace
Between the Powers and the Reduction of Armaments.
achieved by the United States in the
late war was a contributing factor in
the preparation of the note. It Is sur
mised that that victory made it clear
at once to the European statesmen that
to maintain the balance of power they
would be obliged to redouble their ex
penditures on account of army and
navy, else they might be outstripped by
the United States. The official mind
looks upon the Russian project for a
general disarmament as Utopian at this
time, and while any statement as to
the attitude of the United States to
ward such a conference as that pro
posed is purely conjectural in advance
of the receipt of the invitation, the im
prespion prevails that our Government
would not care to take any active part
in its deliberations.
BILLS AT THE
PLAYHOUSES
"The Master" Is Sad but
Charming.
FRAWLEYS IN "THE RAJAH"
"BUTTERFLIES" BY THE NEW
ALCAZAB, COMPANY.
The Tivoli Produces "ULignon."
"Fallen Among Thieves" at
Morosco's — Great Acts
at the Orpheum.
The audience at the Baldwin last night
was afforded a dramatic treat In the
presentation of "The Master." by Henry
Miller and the Frohman Company. The
play is a three-act English comedy, with
the lachrymose element predominating,
but enough of the humorous to lighten the
somberness and relieve the painful situa
tions with a good laugh. It is a picture
of that side of life which is usually hid
den behind the portals of the home, il
lustrating to what lengths the deliberate
pigheadedness and injustice the iron will
of a master mind will carry a man. how
he can deceive himself by reiterated dec
larations that he is right and all the rest
of the world fools; how adversity and the
loneliness of an old man can break that
adamantine nature and bring out of the
wreck the sterling qualities so long ma
in" the title role Mr. Miller does some of
his very best work, and ably displays
not only the flinty side of the old master
but gives flitting glimpses of the honest,
well-meaning heart that beats beneath
the proud millionaire's breast. He carries
the difficult role easily and with perfec
tion, showing how such a man as the
master can. because his will is thwarted,
drive son, daughter and wife from home
and bid them stay, banish the servants,
abuse his best friend and counselor, lose
his great fortune and still make a brave
effort to endure the gout and maintain his
indefensible position; how love finally con
quers and the sunny side of the erstwhile
tyrant shines forth for aye. The character
is so cleverly drawn that one cannot re
sist admiring the old fellow, notwith
standing his glaring faults
An admirable feature of the play is the
delightful portrayal of the part of the old
counselor by C. Leslie Allen. Mabel Bert.
a.s the loving, long-suffering wife acted a
trying part very capably, and Margaret
Dale as the willful daughter who marries
the man of her choice, threw a novel
charm into her work. TUe lesser parts
were skillfully handled, the result being
a beautiful picture that one wishes to
sre more than once.
The play Is handsomely mounted. It
will hold the boards this week only.
The Tivoli.
The ever-plraslng "Mignon" was pre
sented at the Tivoli last evening to a
large and highly appreciative audience.
The production ran smoothly, and in
every respect reflected great credit on the
management. Am»ng the principal parts,
Mr Zerni sang Wilhelm Meister with
his usual sincerity. His voice is very flex
ible and sweet and under good control,
but his acting is not calculated to create
enthusiasm, nor is his English accent
captivating. However, his vocal efforts
won him a recall.
Mignon was sung by Mary Linek with
flittering success, her Gipsy song In the
first act evoking continued applause. Her
full rich contralto voice wns in fine tone
and her finished acting rounded out the
nurt in a manner to command admiration.
Anna Ltchter. as Felina, the coquettish
actress was charming and gave a bril
liant "display of her varied talents. Her
clear melodious voice and easy vocaliza
tion 'were greatly admired, and her re
ception showed that she has established
herself as a genuine favorite. Slgnor
Wa'nrell as Lothario, did some pleasing
work but he might improve on his artic
ulation W. H. West and Elvia Crox
were in congenial parts and sang and
a< To-night a double bill, "Cavalleria Rus
ticana" and "Pagliacci," will be present
ed.
The Columbia.
T. Daniel Frawley has produced many
plays in San Francisco of higher class
than "The Rajah," which is on this week
at the Columbia, but few contain a more
dramatic climax than is reached toward
the close of the last act. Although not
teeming with interest, is quite entertain
ing through the first three acts. The
Rajah a character well portrayed by
Frawley, arrives at Wyncott Lodge, '."ft
to him as a legacy by a deceased uncle,
and assumes control, together with the
guardianship of Gladys Wyncott, adopted
daughter of the former proprietor of the
lodge. She is willful, a coquette in fact,
and through a series of dramatic episodes
they form a mutual attachment. Finally
another will Is found bequeathing the es
tate to Gladys.
The Rajah is about to depart to India,
after turning over the estate to its legal
heir, but an escaped convict, whom the
Rajah identified and was about to turn
over the authorities, appeared at the
house bent on murdering the man who
would betray him. The convict Is dis
covered by Gladys. She saves the Rajah's
life, and the latter gives the escaped pris
oner a passport to liberty.
Miss Fanehon Campbell assumes the
character of Gladys and is deserving of
much credit for the manner in which she
delineated it. Others who played their
parts well are Miss Adora Andrews, who
took the character of Emilia Jekyll,
Gladys' best friend. Theodore Roberts,
the convict, Alfred Hickman, clerk or
Emilia Jekyll's father, and L,ouis Payne,
Jekyll's assistant, and echo.
The Alcazar.
"The Butterflies," as its name implies, is
a light and airy comedy, more or less
farcical and well calculated to bring out
the best work of the reorganized Alcazar
stock company in the laugh-creating
line. The love story on which it is based
Is not novel, but it develops situations
that create a great deal of fun. As this
is the sole aim of the autnor and ■ the
management and the audience were well
entertained the presentation of "The
Butterflies" may be announced as a suc
cess. One of the features of the new
company that will not be overlooked is
the fact that nearly all the ladies are
blessed with faces fair to see. while the
gentlemen will not be accused of being
homely. All of which is valuable capital.
The people are well cast, fit their parts
well and are certain to win favor with
the patrons of the house.
Among the new members secured by
Mr. Belasco, and who appeared last night
were: Earnest Hastings, Wallace Shaw,
Francis Yale, iwiss Isls Maynard, Miss
Marie Howe, Miss Gretchen Lyons, Miss
Edna Ewen and Miss Marguerite Yost.
Chutes Theater.
The large audience at the Chutes Free
Theater gazed up In the air last evening
and saw a most thrilling, graceful and
daring trapeze performance Dy the three
De Novas. With utmost nonchalance one
of the acrobats swings from a trapeze en
tirely across the /building and into the
hands of another, and makes the return
in an instant. The act, in its way, is us
strong as that of the Hegelmans at the
Orpheum. Conlon and Ryder, acrobatic
comedians, and Dick Mack,, an eccentric
talker, who had a lot of original remarks,
were also new, and made hits. Busch, the
"Golden Vampire," Garden and Hunt, the
musical team, and Arthur Salvini, tenor,
had new numbers to offer, and were as
well received as last wppk. There were
many changes in the moving pictures, and
Cannon, who is in his last days at the
Haight-street grounds, was as great an
object of interest as ever. The big Aus
tralian snake and baby lions are the new
features in the Zoo.
Orpheum.
Five new acts were on at the Orpheum
last night, which, with changes by several
of the holdovers, made an almost entirely
new bill. Of the new people, honors were
djvided between the Pasquajis, operatic
singers, and Charles Alderich, a comic
Juggler, while Sadi, the Russian gymnast,
is one of the best seen on the Orpheum
boards. Charles Baron and his trained
Great Danes do a very funny act, in
which the dogs are dressed to imitate
lions, while their master appears as a
clown liontamer. Charles Case, the mono
loguist, won the appreciation of the whole
house. Barney Fagen, the one-time pop
ular minstrel, assisted by Miss Byron,
appeared in a medley of wit and songs.
Grand Opera House.
The drama, "Fallen Among Thieves,"
was the attraction at the Grand Opera
House last night. It Is one of the usual
vlce-virtue-vlllainy plays, virtue triumph-
Ing: in the end. The principal characters
were sustained by Fred J. Butler, Max
yon Mltzel, Landers Stevens, Jessie Shir
ley and Lorena Atwood. W. R. Dailey
and Leslie Morosco gave touches of light
comedy as an Irishman and Dutchman
throughout the five acts that were highly
appreciated.
Olympia.
The Olympia Music-hall has Trixedo,
the -wonderful contortion dancer, and El
Nido Eddy, the king of the bounding wire,
among its new attractions. These, to
gether with Kelly and Violette, Darrell
and Millar, Maude Rockwell, Anita La
Mont and others, make up an interesting
programme.
FLYING DISTRESS SIGNALS.
Lake Steamship Superior May Have
Gone Down With Its Crew.
DETROIT, Aug. 29.— A special to the
News from Mackinaw City says: In a
severe storm yesterday, near Poverty
Island, the steamer Superior parted with
her consort, the schooner Sandusky. The
Sandusky arrived here to-day and reports
that the last that was seen of the Supe
rior she was flying signals of distress.
The Superior is owned by A. M. Bradley
of Cleveland. She is a wooden boat of the
older class, having been built in 1873. Sha
registers 964 tons. With the Sandusky
the steamer was bound from Escanaba to
Toledo with iron ore, and carries a crew
of fourteen men.
Grand Circuit Races.
READVIL.L.E, Mass., August 89.— The grand
circuit meet opened to-day at the ReadvUle
track under the most favorable conditions.
Results:
Three-year-olds. 2:30 class, purse $2000—
Charley Herr won first and third heats. Time.
2:13%, 2:16. Laurels won second heat In 2:15%.
Admlrnl Symmes third. The Earl also started.
2-11 class, trotting, purse $3000—Tommy-Brlt
ton won first, third and fourth heats. In me.
2:10%, 2:l2Vi. 2:13. Blngen won second heat In
2:09i4, Georgiana third. Hans McGregor, Oc
tavla, Alcidalla, Captain Jack, Wistful and
Iyouis Victor also started.
2 20 pace, purse $ir>oo 'unfinished)— Flirt won
second and third heats. Time, 2:11%. 2:12.
Flare Vp won first heat In 2:14. Sweet Vio
lets, Frank Rysdyke. Llbbie C, Edward S and
King Albert and Greyland also started.
Hop-Picking Commences.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 29.— Hop-picking
commenced in several yards in this county
to-day. The crop is a good one and tne
hops are of a fine quality.
The Biggest Bicycle in the World.
A German has Just completed a bicycle that
has one wheel nine feet in diameter. Two peo
ple ride It— one on each side of the monster
wheel. It runs as easily as a smaller bicycle
because of its scientific construction. The sci
entific formula of Hostetter"B Stomach Bitters
is the reason of its great virtues in making the
weak strong and In curing most of the every
day ailments of men and women. If your
health is poor, try a bottle
17™ a a Aj sufferer from Nasal
f I CD. Catarrh iU find in-
.--• •-:.- '■>-: ■■':-] stant relief from the
. .-..: : . use of the new "Ozo"
catarrh treatment. For this reason
a trial treatment is offered to you. .
Call to the Institute and get • a trial
or write for a free trial. "Ozo"
cures catarrh of the head, catarrh o!
the stomach, etc. It is a certain
catarrh treatment. Trial free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Ellis, Stockton and Market Sts.
UTTTWXW Ist]ienameof
11 U l/ 1 nil the discovei
; for weak men.
Hudyan cures pains in the back,
catches in the back, weak back, pains
in the shoulder, etc. Hudyan has
cured in every case where it has
been thoroughly used. Hudyan stops
the waste, the losses, in a single day.
Circulars and testimonials . free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Ellis, Stockton and Market Sts. "
________^_— —^—^— — — — —^— —
♦©♦o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-«-o-«-o^o-*
I Dress Well
o ?
;♦;-.; For Little Money. j
I $2.50 {
?-■:;' FOR THIS NOBBY TIE,. .; ?
♦ FORMER PRICE. $3 50. • ▼
O This lot consists of the very latest O
♦ Imported patent leather ♦
| OXFORD TIE. J
0 New Coin Toes. French Damask Bilk O
-+ , Vesting Tops, French Heels, all +
o . sizes and widths. O
V We must close these out to make ▲
1 room for new lines to arrive. - £
! NURSES' SHOES I
9 The same shoe that is used in all the X
t best hospitals in the country. Made of T
t stout kid, with medium .weight soft ▼
O flexible noiseless soles, rubber heels, «•»
♦ hand sewed and the price . ♦
! $2.75. i
9 ' Country orders solicited. ■ O
▼ Send for Illustrated Catalogue. ♦
o B. KATCHINSKI, t
O PHILADELPHIA SHOE COMPANY, O
o 10 THIRD ST., San Fr&noisoo. o
•5L \ FINE TAILORING
j&m: PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
Bi !3L WORKMANSHIP, »t
li^M?^ 25 per cent Less than Other
p «|rS' . Tailors Charge, Go to
I JOE POHEIM
/ (if I All Wool Suits to* JO la QC
I Order from 4) I L t0 4) wQ
/ I I Pants from .. . $4 to $l 0
jV**^ 201 and 203 Montgomery St. .
844 and 846 Market St..
1110 and 1112 Market St. San Francltce.
nDPAMi I* new diaeoT«iT
liaCAfllA lhat jire, 7OU ale^p,
rwtand noilre&ms. DREAMA
fj^S^ crurea bad dreams. djv
""^a^">L 1 "* 13 " horrible
dreams. Sl >O^/*>>^sJ lr ®* m *' i»e«<l-
nlffht 2 lllu- ' . >^T^><^:. Mb«
sloes, nightmare. :^"^^V^f.,J^ ll * |
Take at night. If not;
cured money refunded. 250
a box. DBEAMA ca Sold by -^sT[*
QBAHT'S BALDWIN PHARKAOY. '.-^
itfftM^aV M ■;■; NO QUACKS."
■^jSsSTOW^fHrv^' A f oo * l Electric Belt
jjv\Svvy|Sar!,^a win cure without
■fflfcyj^W^^y^t^l MEDICINE. -Buy no
Qg~l N ' j^^'v^^l^jaß belt til! you see "'Dr.
Wffiwm^STi^Siri'ierce's." Book free.
.H^Jayy-jHßKygJcv? 1 - Call or address,
J*^fr-^St2AfV>- PIERCE ■ ELECTRIC
**■- 3Mf.' « • co 620 MARKET
Tgftf :- STREET, opp. Palace Hotel,
Mention •„ »v« l San Francisco, '
this paper.' v,;
vVwiflfffll^tofc**,.. af Mft ** li a ncn-pofsonotSß
t,<~^KcW^^^^^mß remedy for Gonorrhoea,
&SgQ^ CLHEts^HB Gleet, Sporma torrhat,
MfSrW I tosd»j-s.^» Whites, unnatural dii-
SUaSf OBirnwi ■ < barges, or any inflamma-
SPB*]B not so auletare. tion, irritation or ulcera-
Tlt'farenu coQ'.m«ion. tion of mucous ntem*
KE%THEEyANSCHEMI£uCo. branes. Non-astringent.
Vg4ciNCIHNATI,O.tM3J Sold *>y »m»rt«t».
USA mr or Sfnt in plain wrapper,
jillßi- * ' LtSßnß' by express, prepaid, for
TXlll IIrTTP 1 - 00 - or 3 bottle*. $2.75.
>^^VSBVV'' ■ Circular »int on rMioMO.
34
MOTHER DIED TO SAVE HER INFANT SON.
Mrs. Isabella A. Finlay Killed by the Carelessness of a
Drunken Driver of a Brewery Wagon.
A BREWERY wagon, driven by a
drunken man, ran over and killed
Mrs. Isabelle A. Finlay at the corner
of Bush and Larkin streets shortly
after 5 o'clock last evening. The woman
was wheeling a baby carriage containing
her year-old son at the time of the acci
dent, and when she saw that a collision
was Inevitable her maternal Instinct
prompted her to attempt to save the
child, and in so doing she was thrown
under the wheels of the wagon and in
jured so seve--ely that she died at the
Receiving Hospital, while the baby es
caped without a scratch.
The husband. Edward Finlay, a stew-
ard at the Pacific Union Club, had
•walked downtown with his wife and left
her at the corner of Sutter and Larkin
streets a few moments before the acci
dent. Mrs. Finlay proceeded up Larkin
street on her way to the home of her
friend, Mrs. M. Schultz, residing at 1200
Larkin street, and as she was crossing
Bush street John J. Heier, driving a
wagon for the Chicago Brewery, came
down the hill from Hyde street with his
horses on a trot. The mother, perceiving
the danger, snatched her child Just as the
carriage was struck by the horses. The
dress of the woman was caught by the
wagon pole and she was thrown directly
under the wheels. As the mother fell the
baby rolled gently from her arms to the
str^t, when.- ho lay uninjured.
After the collision Heier looked back,
but without stopping drove directly up
Pine street toward the brewery. He was
followed by J. Corbett, a driver for the
San Francisco Laundry, who overtook
him and learned his name and address.
He informed Officers A. M. Smith and
Rooker of Heier's address and later they
arrested him at his home 1420 Bush street.
He was booked at the City Prison on the
charge of manslaughter.
COMING HOME BY
THE WAY OF PARIS
Request of General Mer
ritt Is Granted.
SOON TO BECOME A BENEDICT
CEREMONY WTXL PROBABLY
TAKE PLACE IN CHICAGO.
Major General Otis, the Second in
Command, at Manila, Will
Become Governor
General.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 29.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs: "Major General Wesley
Mt-rritt has made the request that he
be ordered home to come by way of
Paris, and this request has been
granted."
This statement was made to me to
day by Secretary Alger. The Secretary
thought General Merritt would be able
to furnish details which would be in
valuable to the Peace Commission, but
General Merritfs objective point is the
Un'ted States, and gossip is that he is
returning home to be married. On his
-v-ay to San Francisco General Merritt
stopped in Chicago to see his fiancee,
and an interesting speculation has
sprung up as to whether the marriage
will take place in Paris or the United
states.
As Secretary Alger explicitly stated
that General Merritt requested to be
ordered to this country, the conclusion
js that the marriage will take place in
Chicago. The members of the Peace
Commission will be able, however,
to take advantage of General Merritt's
counsel, as they will arrive in Paris be
fore October 2, while General Merritt
cannot arrive there before early in that
month.
t-eer»>tary Alger stated that General
Merritt would be succeeded as Military
Governor at Manila by Major General
Otis, who is next in command,
Thero is no intention on the part of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Soap not only for toil-
et and bath but for
shaving. Pears was
the inventor of shav-
ing stick soap.
Heier was noticeably intoxicated when
taken ,to the prison and admitted that he
had taken a few drinks. His statement of
the affair was considerably mixed, but he
attempted to exonerate himself from all
blame. According to his story the horses
were at a walk, the hind wheels locked by
the brake and Mrs. Finlay ran the baby
carriage between the front and rear
wheels of the wagon. The statement is
contradicted by S. Bowerinan, who wit
nessed the accident and who says the
horses struck the buggy first and then
the woman was dragged under the
wheels.
Mrs. Finlay was picked up by Louis
Schultz and placed on the sidewalk. The
ambulance arrived shortly after the acci
dent, and the doctors at the Receiving
Hospital found the woman In a dying con
dition on her arrival. The body was hor
ribly mangled. The chest was crushed,
ribs broken, skull and jaw fractured and
there were numerous lacerations of the
head and neck. Mr. Finlay was sent for,
and reached the hospital before his wife
died, but she did not regain consciousness.
Henry Van Marie, an employe of the
TiUrlin.' Baths, picked up the baby, and
his wife took charge of the child until the
arrival of Mrs. Schultz, who took him t<>
the hospital. To the matron she stated
that she had cared for the baby at times
when the mother was ill, and expressed
a desire to be allowed to tak* the mother
less child to her home. Sheiwas referred
to the father. Mrs. Hamilton, who had
been a friend of the woman, was
with him, and she also Wished to be given
the earo of the babe. Mr. Finlay said
that Mrs. Hamilton mipht take the boy
and Mrs. Schultz reluctantly gave up her
precious charge. The baby ,ho sooner felt
himself relieved from the protecting arms
of his foster-mother than he began to cry. j
Mrs Hamilton's efforts -to -soothe the i
child were unavailing, and she finally re
turned him to Mrs. Schultz.
A purse which Mrs. Finlay had when
she wns struck by the wagon could not
be found after the accident, and the police
believe it was picked up by some mis
creant in the crowd which collected after
the collision.
the President to relieve Rear Admiral
Dewey from his present responsible
duties at Manila. At the Navy Depart
ment it is announced authoritatively
that no orders have been issued to him
which require him to leave that port.
President McKinley long ago received
a detailed statement of the existing
conditions in the Philippines, related
with the characteristic directness of
Rear Admiral Dewey. As Avas stated
in the Herald at the time, the President
received this report before he decided
upon the personnel of the peace com
mission. In shaping his Philippine
policy, the President was guided mainly
by the comprehensive and able sugges
tions set forth in Rear Admiral Dewey's
statement of the situation. The Rear
Admiral touched upon the territorial
dimensions and race conditions, and
presented to the President such a
graphic picture of the situation that it
needed no verbal explanation. It was
stated at the Navy Department to-day
that Rear Admiral Dewcy is absolute
master of the situation at Manila, and
for the present the administration has
no intention of relleveinpr him.
VOLUNTEERS MUSTEBED OUT.
Points at Which Eastern Regiments
Will Leave the Service.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 29.— The follow
ing troops have been ordered sent to the
points named and mustered out: Ninth
Massachusetts, from Middletown, Pa., to
South Framingham, Mass.; Seventh Illi
nois, from Middletown to Springfield;
First Illinois, from Lexington, Ky., to
Springfield; Fifth Illinois, from Lexing
ton to Springfield; Sixty-fifth New York,
from Camp Alsjer to Buffalo; Fifth Ohio
Infantry, from Fernandina, Fla., to Col
umbus, O. ; First Wisconsin, from Jack
sonville, Fla., to Camp Douglass, Wis. ;
Third United States volunteer Cavalry
(Grigsby's) to Chickamauga; Fourth
Texas to Austin, Tex.
FIRE AT LOS ANGELES.
fcoap Company's Entire Plant De-
stroyed by a Conflagration.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 29.— The Los An
geles Soap Company's entire plant was de
stroyed by fire this morning. The blaze
was preceded by an explosion, residents
of the surrounding neighborhood say, but
the origin of the fire Is unknown, beyond
that fact. The explosion occurred short
ly after 2 o'clock, and In a short time the
entire plant was gone. Several cottages
near by w&re badly scorched. The- loss
is placed at 1100,000, partly insured. The
plant was owned by a stock company.
DROWNED AT A FORD.
Kentucky Soldier and Two Porto
Ricans Lose Their Lives.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PONCE, Aug. 29.-B. V. Brooks of Com
pany X, First Kentucky, prominent in
Louisville, was drowned Saturday in
crossing a ford coming to Ponce. Two
Porto Ricans went to his assistance and
werf also drowned.
STICKEEN CHIEF'S CREW SAFE.
Tug Fastnet Arrives at St. Michael
With the Survivors.
SEATTLE, Aug. 29.— The steamer South
Portland brings news from St. Michael,
Alaska, that the crew of the wrecked
steamer Stkkeen Chief is safe. The tug
.Fernet, which had the Stickeen Chief in
tow, arrived at St. Midhael August 14
with the survivors.
Horsethief Convicted.
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 29.— F. M. Stark, an
elderly man, who had a ranch near Clo
verdale, was sentenced to-day by Judge
Bennett to two years in San Quentin.
Stark was convicted last week of the theft
of a horse, the property of Joseph Allman.
Many Deaths From the Plague.
SIMLA, Aug. 29.— 1t 1b officially an
nounced that there were 2600 deaths from
the plague last week In the Bombay
Presidency* The epidemic Is spreading.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 30, 1898.
BUILD MORE SHIPS,
SAYS THE SENATOR
Davis Would Keep Pace
With the Powers.
MUST HOLD THE GROUND WON
PACIFIC COAST NOW OUR MOST
VULNERABLE POINT.
If Outwitted in the Far East Uncle
Sam Should Prepare to Resist
Aggressions That Have
Humbled China
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 29.— "The Ameri
can people are aglow with patriotic
fervor, and the utmost calmness is
necessary in considering our future
course," said United States Senator
Cushman K. Davis to a World reporter
before leaving the city for his home
to prepare for his journey to Paris as
one of the five commissioners who are
to arrange the final terms of peace be
tween the United States and Spain.
"Events have made us one of the
great powers of the earth," he con
tinued. "Whatever we may have de
sired ourselves heretofore, destiny has
forced upon us responsibilities that we
must recognize and accept. We have
Jome a potent factor in the world's
gress. A greater actual naval and
itary power we are already. We
not strong enough yet, but not an
or must be lost in equipping our
■es to cope with any emergency that
may confront us. Our volunteer army
is as good, If not better, than any force
of the kind in the world, but we can
not rest secure in that thought. We
must have a large regular army ready
at call in the future. We must have
as good a navy as any nation on earth.
jWe have an excellent beginning. Ship
' for ship, we need fear nobody. But
: we must build sh'"« with true Ameri
can energy. Nothing must deter us.
We know that we have the men to put
behind the guns."
"How are we likely to be menaced in
, the future?" was asked. .
"Actually, we are not a whit more
exposed to attack as a colonial power
than we have been every hour since
the active advent of steam sea powgr.
The glorious victories of our navy have
brought us new responsibilities, but
the Philippines or the Sandwich Islands
are not more isolated than are parts
of our Pacific Coast. Hereafter our
power must be felt on the Pacific
Ocean. The mere addition of a few
hundred square miles of territory by
capture or treaty does not increase our
danger.
"China Is the coveted part of the
earth's surface to-day, but who could
have predicted six months ago that
Russia, Germany or Japan would not
have coveted a foothold on the North
American continent? Now we see the
trend of events in the east- Providence
has stepped in to point the future
course for us. We must police the Pa
cific Ocean. Its coast has been our
vulnerable point.
"You understand, I am on record as
favoring the retention of the territory
I which has been acquired by the splen
did victories of our arms. I am an
American citizen, speaking as such, and
my remarks have nothing to do with of
i ficial duties that I shall undertake in
! October as a Commissioner to the con
grem> of Paris.
"What that body will or will not do,
I would not predict if I could. lam
talking of the situation as it exists to
: day and as every American citizen can
I see it. The interests of the United
! States must be jealously guarded from
this hour onward. We have been re
! miss and indifferent in the past.
"But we have risen to a new plane —
to the level that we were really intend
ed to hold all along. Nothing but the
indifference of our statesmen has pre
vented the United States from occupy
ing the place to which it belonged.
"Japan's triumph over China was
robbed of most of its value to the vic
| torious nation by the intervention of a
stronger power. Are we to be weak
like Japan? Can we contemplate for
an instant the interference of any
power that shall abridge the majesty
and glory laid at our feet by the incom
parable Dewey? I say 'Never.' There-
I fore, you may quote me just as strong
ly as you can as Baying: 'More battle
ships, and after that, more cruisers and
battleships again. The men will step
forward as fast as we can build the
I ships.'
"The Asiatic situation Is one that
deeply concerns us. If we are outwitted
there we must at once prepare for the
| defense of our Western coast line from
i the same aggressions that have hum
| bled the oldest empire on earth in the
eyes of modern civilization."
GIFT FOR THE FATHER
OF FIRST SAILOR KILLED
John Meek Receives a Check Prom
Charge d' Affaires Quesada of
the Cuban Republic.
FREMONT, Ohi.o. Aug. 29.— John Meek
of this county, father of George B. Meek,
who was killed on the torpedo boat Win
slow at Cardenas. May 11, has received a
letter and a check for $100. The letter
goes to show that young Meek was the
first American-born sailor killed in the
Cuban war. The letter received by Mr.
Meek reads as follows:
"WASHINGTON, A.ug. 24.— John Meek
Esq. — Dear Sir: Some months ago a Cu
ban gentleman, who signs himself Cam
bresis, from the City of Mexico, sent Gen
eral Tomas Estrada Palma of New York
an order for $100, to be given to the wife,
children or parents of the first American
born sailor who should die in the war to
free Cuba. I have Just now been in
formed that your son, George B. Meek,
fireman of the first class, on board the
torpedo boat Wlnslow, was the first hero
to shed his blood for the independence of
our unfortunate and down-trodden people.
I beg to inclose to you the check in
trusted to my care, a proof of the grati
tude of the Cubans to their friends and
allies, the Americans. Please acknowl
edge the receipt of the same in duplicate.
Yours very respectfully,
"GONZALO DE QUESADA,
"Charge d'Affalres of the Republic of
The check is dated May 17 and is drawn
on the Bank of America to the order of
Thomas Estrada Palma and is sglned
Maltland, Coppell & Co. On the reverse
side of it is indorsed:
"Pay to the order of Gnnealo de Ques
ada. Tomas Estrada Palma."
Meek has not as yet had the check
cashed and has already been offered much
more than its face value by parties who
want it as a souvenir of the war.
RECEIVED FATAL BURNS,
Awful Vapor Bath Taken by a
Chicago Railroad Official.
CHtCAGO. Aug. 29.-H. E. Higglns.
cashier of the treasurer's office of the
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad,
is dead from burns received by the ex
plosion of a vapor bathing apparatus, by
means of which Mr. Higgins was endeav
orlng to secure relief from hay fever.
Mr. Higgins had been in the employ of
the Rock Island for eighteen years. He
was 52 years of age. A widow and two
children survive him.
FRESNO EXPOSITOR
IS IN DIFFICULTY
May Not Be Published
To- Day.
FINANCIAL STUMBLING BLOCK
BACK SALARIES OWING TO THE
EMPLOYES.
To Insure Payment of the Men, All
Outstanding Debts Are Trans
ferred to Circulation
Agent Danke,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Aug. 29.— The Expositor
Publishing Company this afternoon
held a meeting and assigned all out
standing debta to P. B. Danke, circu
lation agent of the Expositor. The as
signment includes both advertising and
circulation accounts and it is made to
Danke as trustee. The object of the
transfer of outstanding debts is to pay
back salaries of employes, which in
clude everybody connected with the
paper from carriers to editor-in-chief.
Mr. Danke, in speaking of the action
of the directors, said that he desired it
understood that all money would be
paid those who had been employed on
the paper. There is due the employes
about $1000, and if collections will not
amount to that sum the money will be
prorated among the employes accord
ing to the amount of indebtedness to
each.
The directors, by their action, have
not relinquished their control of the
paper and do not propose to do so. A.
B. Butler, the real owner of the estab
lishment, holds a mortgage on the plant
for $17,000, but to regain actual posses
sion will be compelled to bring regular
proceedings in court to foreclose the
mortgage, which will take some time.
Whether the paper will be published In
the meantime is a question. One of the
directors, when asked about it, replied
that he was not a prophet, but he
doubted very seriously whether the
paper would appear to-morrow.
The employes, however, have been
told to appear as usual in the morning,
and it is whispered that something is
going to happen. Just what that some
thing is no one seems to know.
General Sheehan hus been in Fresno
for several days and has been looking
over the field with a view to taking
hold of the paper, it is understood.
But as the g-eneral is a Republican he
would find his position a rather anoma
lous one.
KILLED IN SWISS MOUNTAINS
Dr. Hopkinson and Two Daughters
Meet Death While Touring.
BERNE, Switzerland, Aug. 29.— Dr.
John Hopkinson, an English electrical en
gineer, and his son and two daughters,
have been killed while ascending the Delta
de Veialvi, In the Canton of Valais. the
mountains of whi§h are among the highest
In Europe and are exposed to furious tor
rents and destructive avalanches. The
party had gone on its perilous trip wlth
. out th« assistance of a. guide. Dr. Hop
kinson hand intended starting for New
York on September 20, the trip to be ma<i«
in connection with a syndicate which he
was forming for the purpose of develop
ing his inventions.
POTATO RIOTS IN JAMAICA.
Gangs Loot the Produce of Planta-
tions During the Night.
KINGSTON, Jamaica. Aug. 29.— Advices
received here to-day from the island of
Barbadoes, belonging to Great Britain,
report widespread potato riots. Riotous
fangs of men have been looting the pro
uce of the plantations during the night.
Following the recent shooting of the
Speaker of the House of Assembly in mis
take for an obnoxious landlord, these
demonstrations are considered to be of a
serious nature and more troubles are an
ticipated.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR.MEYERS&CO.
Established 17 Years.
Diseases and Weakness of .
7VVEIN ONLY.
Consultation Free.
731 JWa.rU.&t Street.
Take : Elevator. •
. JVO PAY TILL CURUD.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
- . -At r^- • w ? Full Set of Teeth .^ ; 1
ijjV»*K / s&± extracting free 00 tip
V -«r>»t2''^ Gold Crowns 32k $3 50 up
t& m ~^fSrJPu<£Z. & Fillings - - - 25cts.up
O Open Sundays
*^3lji®Vß VAN VROOM
/^WOSvs? Electro Dental Parlors
*4K i^V^lxth and Market
■ W >• Dr. Q W. Klelser, Prep.
.... . . ,-..
HFH TheRALSTONSTILL
2&Mlft^?*~ "^bv I s the only one made that
BBsl^^i la v " ! furnlsh absolutely
fiTheRALSTONSTILL
Is the only one made that
will furnish absolutely
pure
DRINKING WATER.
ja»2|fr S tr"'i| Indorsed by the Ralston
fiwaß??*" "^* Health Club. Bend or call
1 ' ySffyfef fesK or particulars. '
fii^^aO^S THE JDBTINIAN OAIRK CO..
;> %THJ|^ I yfgi r~ 521 Market St., Sin Francisco.
Wilt's Mian Ve&etalile Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persona who,
have used them for over forty years ■to cure
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS. | CONSTIPA-
TION, . Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach. ■ Pimples
and purify the blood, i - ; ; ; .^ ■;
Crossman's Specific Mixture
• With >i this ; remedy -' persons : can \ cure • them-
selves -. without • the ■ least exposure, change of
diet or change in application to business. The
medicine contains , nothing of the \ least Injury ;
to the constitution. Ask your druggist tor it.
I Price, a a bottle.
A
FANNY DAVENPORT Writes t
Vln Marlani has been the most won-
derful tonic for me. At times when I
felt completely worn out and unable to
exert myself, a small quantity taken
has strengthened me and carried ma
through the task with a sort of super-
human power. I consider Vln Marianl
the most wonderful tonic of this age.
, FANNY DAVENPORT.
ADA REHAN Writes:
Yin Mariani -is certainly - unexcelled
as the most effective and at the same
time Dleasant tonfe. ADA REHAN.
Which
do you like best — grocer-
bills or doctor-bills?
Use the wholesome
baking powder — Sch ti-
ling's Best a
CAPITOL BUILDING
Territory of Arizona.
Plans and Specifications
Called For.
Notice is hereby given that the Capitol
Grounds and Building Commission of the
Territory of Arizona ■will receive and in-
spect plans, specifications and estimates
of cost of a Capitol building: for the Terri-
tory of Arizona, to be erected on the Cap-
itol grounds, being "tract A" of the Capi-
tol Adultion of lots to the City of Phoe-
nix, Arizona, at their office In Phoenix, on
November Ist, 1898. at the hour of 10
o'clock a. m. of said date; the cost of said
bunding not to exceed the sum of $100,000.
At said time and place said Capitol
Grounds and Buildirg- Commission will
meet and open all bids r.nd plans and ex-
amine and inspect all plans, specifications
and estimates of cost for said proposed
Capitol building that may be submitted
to it, reserving the right to modify any
plans and specifications or to reject any
and all of the sar \
Any one desiring: to furnish plans, spec-
ifications and estimates of cost of . said
proposed Capitol sliding can obtain full
particulars by addressing F. 11.. Parker,
secretary of said Commission.
Said plans and specifications advertised
for in this notice must be filed with said
secretary on or before 10 o'clock a, m. on
the Ist day of November, IS9S.
This advertisement is duly ordered by
the Capitol Grounds and Building Com-
mission in regular session at Phoenix this
19th day of August, IS9B.
E. B. GAGE.
President.
F. H. PARKER.
Secretary.
PROCLAMATION
STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO, July 30th, 1898.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at Kb thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January, A. D. 1897,
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to- wit :
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
41.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
fitate of California an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
which it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 18. No county, city, town, township,
board of education or school district shall in-
cur any indebtedness or liability In any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding In any year
the Income and revenue provided for it for
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the interest on such indebtedness as it falls
due, and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same; provided, however, that the City and
County of Sun Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with interest therpon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income and
revenue of any euecef-ding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for snaking, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con
struction of any Mwer or MRUI In said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this stction; and in determining any
claim permitted to he paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply In any man-
ner; and provided further, that the City of
Vailejo, in Solano County, may pay its exist-
ing Indebtedness Incurred In the construction
of Its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any indebted-
ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
shall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion, to be known and designated as section
•even and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the inhabitants of
ADVEBTISEMENTS. -
■■• -.' - .. ■ --■■-... - . i," \ - "' ' " +?jP \
■^^.^^^^^^_^^^. 2i3 : ' ~: ' ; '■' " '■ I
'.< flffPsL '\m - SSL MM \a Bn^l • :'" Warn C^B ___ 1831 EraW Bffll Bftl ■HtliH^^l
YIN MARIANI (MARIANI WINE) is invaluable
at this season of the year, when owing to trying .
climatic changes, the system is especially suscepti-
ble to attacks of malaria and la grippe.
MARIANI WINE has stood the test of thirty-
five years' trial. It is endorsed by more than 8,000
American physicians, in addition to having received
cordial recommendations from royalty, princes of
the Church and of the State, and persons notable
in all the walks of life. ' h *t
HARIANI WINE Is especially Indicated for
Throat and .Lung Diseases, General DebHlty, Weak-
ness from whatever causes, Overwork, Profound ..
Depression - and Exhaustion, Consumption, Malaria
and La Grippe, V
MARIANI WINE Is an adjuvant In convalescence
and a powerful rejuvenator. For Overworked Men,
Delicate Women, Sickly Children it Works Wonders,
It soothes, strengthens and sustains the system*
To thoso who will kindly write to MARIANI &C 0.,82 Wert 15lh Street f»e*
York City, will be sent, free, book containing portrait* and •utoftropher of Cm*'
. peror*, Empress, Princes. Cardinals, Archbishops and other tntereethjjfc matter
■Pnrls — Boulevard Haussmann: London B3 Mortimer Pt.T Montreal — Hospital St.
counties of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section 7H- The inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty It shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed in dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, an* the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
shall then be published In two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or If there be
not two such papers, then in one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication It shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county, at a general or special election, and if
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for Its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and If ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall in such
ca*e become the orgnnlc law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting forth the submission of such county
government act to the electors, and its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made in duplicate and
deposited, one in the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded in the
office' of the Recorder of Deeds in the county,
among the archives of the county.
All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended at intervals of not les3 than two
years by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
qualified electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
in a newspaper of general circulation In such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
any alternative article cr proposition may be
presented for the choice of the voters, and may-
be voted on separately without prejudice to
Ot It PI Bhall be competent in all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
thH section, to provide for the manner In
which the times at which, and the terms for
which' the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed; for their compensa-
tion' for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
and for the compensation payable to each of
such deputies, for the manner in which, the
times in which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
elected or appointed and for the constitution,
reculation, compensation and government of
such boards, and of their clerks and attaches;
also to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted' and may in addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate in any primary election.
"Whenever any county has. in the manneT
and method herein pointed out. adopted any
county government act, and the same shall
nave been approved by the Legislature as
aforesaid the direction of sections four and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
of a system of county governments throughout
the State, and likewise providing for the elec-
tion and appointment of officers, and the regu-
lation of their compensation, shall not apply.
Raid county government act shall, as to any of
the matters hereinabove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act. not be
subject to any law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature, except by amendment first
submitted to the electors and ratified In the
manner herelnabove set forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, *y adding a new section
to be known and designated as section five arrd
one-half, article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows:
Section SH. The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
and character against the State, under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
Us Judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
lows:
In the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March:
In the city and County of San Francisco,
commencing on the second Monday in July,
and
In the City of Sacramento, commencing on
the second Monday of November of each year.
The Judges holding such term of court shall
receive no extra compensation therefor, but
shall receive their actual expenses, to be paid
out of the general fund of the State treasury.
The Legislature shall enact all laws necessary
to organize such court, to provide the pro-
cedure thereof and to carry out the provisions
of this section.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, amending article eleven,
by adding a new section thereto, to be known
as emotion number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and ounty governments. The
said proposed new section to read as follows:
Section 1%. The provisions of sections four
and five of this article shall not. nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
have become, or shall becojne, organized under
section seven, or secure a charter under section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FI\B.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment of section
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of the
Constitution of the State of California, by
which it is proposed to amend said sections to)
read as follows:
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall b«
elected at the same time and place and in the
same manner as the Governor, and his term oC
office and* his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the impeachment of
the Governor, or his removal from office, death
inability to discharge the powers and duties of
his office, resignation or absence from the
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
repidue of the term, or until the disability sha.l
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor be
impeached, displaced, resign, die or become In-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State, the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy In the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until «uch disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy In the
office of Governor for any of the reasons above
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of the Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall be
filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.)
A resolution to propose to th« aer-i; of th«
State of California an amendment" m section
six, article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall In-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall include schools organized in a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand Inhabitants la
which a course of study shall be taught which
v[\l prepare pupils to enter the agricultural
;^ing or scientific department of the Unlver-
fcT-y of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th«
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, in rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which It
Is proposed to amend said section to read as
follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the Legfcslatur*
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian oa
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of Its member/
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
In the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
in session for twenty-five days, after which it
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the timo of ad-
journment. If the two houses fall to aerea
upon a time at which they will resume Oieir
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall bm
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete ita
session. No pay shall be allowed to member*
for a longer period than seventy-five days ai\d
no bill shall be Introduced in either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
■without the consent of three-fourths of tha
members thereof.
NOW, THEREFORE, Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of th«
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval," approved March 7. A D is«
the above-described proposed amendments ani
hereby published and advertised to be voted
.upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, at the election to be held throughout
thfs State on
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, A. D. MM.
The said proposed amendments are to be aep*
arately voted upon in manner and form as foU
lows:
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter may express hi«
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One, being Senate T .<i^|
Constitutional "Amendment - No. 41 ■ V
(exempting certain claims against the
'-.' City and County of San Francisco, and
i. the existing; indebtedness of the City Tea
of Vallejo for the construction of its- ™
water works from the; provisions of ' . Na
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the income and reve-
nues of the year in which they were
incurred). . ■ ■
For the Amendment? ;
Amendment Number. Two. being Senate '
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 T«««
, (providing for framing local county • -
government acts: by Inhabitants of Ttfn
counties for their government). ""
For the Amendment? ■ • :„
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- T
ate Constitutional Amendment No
44 (providing for the creation of a '
Court; of Claims to determine claims Tea
against the State, and to consist of
three Superior Judges designated by No
the Governor to serve without extra V
compensation).
For the Amendment? ■' . ■ .
Amendment : Number Four, being ■ As- '
sembly; Constitutional Amendment
.No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities Teg
and counties, organized or to be or- .
ganized, or holding a charter un- Na
. der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation In . relation to counties).
For the Amendment? " " ■ . : •
Amendment Number Five, " being As-
sembly- Constitutional. Amendment
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor. ' Tea
. providing - for succession ■ thereto •In '■
.: certain cases and removing disability \ • n<»
. of Lieutenant Governor from holding
* other ■ office during ; term).
■ ;; For the Amendment? ; ' '
.Amendment Number Six. being Assem- ;
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 38 Tea
: (relating to . and , defining Grammar "'•
Schools). ■ ■■■>..-," No
For the Amendment? :
Amendment Number Seven, being' As- 'f
sembly : Constitutional - Amendment "
• No. ■34 (providing' for adjournment of - Tea ,' t
' Legislature for • not : less ■ than thirty- • <•
nor more than sixty days during each No **
session).
For the Amendment? ;-.
• " ; Witness ■my - hand and : the • Great • Seal • of . th«
; State ■of California, the day and , year : herein
first above written. • : ,' - 
... . JAMES H.BUDD, Governor.
Attest L. H. BROWN. Secretary of BUM. •
[SEAL.]. . ■ - ■ . -;.- -4 --:HIGH SCHOOL
STRIKE IS ON
AT SAN JOSE
One Hundred Pupils
Are Out.
CITIZENS GIVE AN OVATION
ROUSING SEND-OFF TO THE
BOYS AND GIRLS.
They Are Taken in Carryalls to
Santa Clara, Where They Enter
an Institution Free
From Politics*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PAX JOSE. Aug. 29.-"Rah, rah, rah!
Rah, rah, rah. Santa Clara! Santa
a!" .
This yell of the San Jose High School
nts sounded through the streets this
morning, and people realized that the
fight to abolish politics In the San Jose
School Department was on in earnest. The
voices of about 100 boys and girls joined
!:. this cry, and people along the sidewalks
I their hats and 'kerchiefs and
■I the pupils.
Nev< r before has such a strenuous pro
t n entered against the high-handed
r in which the city Board of Edu
. has mixed politics with school af-
Tbls reluike given the trustees by
the High School students will be produe
: lasting good. The students" parents
have been amused, and a battle to the
finish with the Rea gang has been com
!. The support given the students
by the people is a direct slap in the face
to Bo;-> Rea and his methods of conduct
ing Ihe schools.
The history of the San Jose High School
,i long one. For the past two
or thn - :iere have been petty jeal
. the faculty, and these cul-
Led in a genoral dislike for Professor
Leigh R. Smith, vice-principal of the
!. and about the only one In that in
stitution possessing a regular high school
. The ether tf-achers held diplomas
1 by the Board of Education on
.i school diplomas. Affairs .went
worse, and in May last the
. faik-d to re-elect Smith. This
'tie students, with whom
was <l great favorite, and at a
student body they resolved
.:.• unless Smith was reinstated. The
.r.l- Trust.-es Graham. Wemple,
O'Brien and Kc-nyon- then promised the
'■'rofessor Smith would be re
they would let the matter drop.
iked out that the Trustees were not
Ith with the pupils, and a mass
: . ;;iz us was neld to protest
against the removal of Professor Smith.
Citizens and organizations took up the
petitioned the Trustees to
. Professor Smith in the school but
without avail, and Charles B. Gleason
: to Smith's position.
This settled it, and the students became
■■ than ever in their resolve to quit
hool. The action of the school board
denounced from the pulpits of tne
city and charges of immoralltv were made
nst members of the faculty.
Professor Smith was elected principal of
- mta «'!:tr.a High School, and ar
ments were made by the students to
i that school. That the strike^ is a
hest evidenced by the fact tnat
STRIDING PUPILS OF THE SAN JOSE HIGH SCHOOL STARTING FOR THE SANTO
CLARA INSTITUTION.
1.00 pupils from the city and Its suburbs
Will .attend th;it Bchool.
The Interest of the entire city was cen
ta this morning's events and when
the time came for the pupils to leave for
Santa Clara there was a large crowd in
front of Turn Verein Hal!. The pupils be
x-.n gathering at about 8 o'clock and at 9
fully 100 were present to go to Santa
.Clara. About >.ie same number whose
parents oblige them to go to the local
school fame round and cheered the stu
dents and told them they were with them
in the movement, but for obvious reasons
could not K<i to Santa Clara. Tho parents
>jf some were dependent upon the gang
pport and dared not let their children
go. and other students said they would po
mta Clara after the election. One
young lady said her father compelled her
to the San Jnse school, but she was
E"intf to play '"hookey^ to-day in order to
give hf-r old' schoolmates a good send-off.
I tie students at Turn Verein Hall pre
si nted bappy countenances and they were
as fine and bright looking a lot of boys
and girls as could b« seen in the State.
Tl ■■>• were enthusiastic, too, for they had
the best wishes of the entire community.
At 9 o'clock the students were called
together by Arthur Fruhling, their leader,
who addresssed them. He said the pupils
were lighting for a principle and would
Stick to it to the last. It was not because
of Professor Smith's dismissal they left
the school so much as because of the
principle Involved. There were evil influ
ences in the school and these were nurt
! Ing the institution. He said that at least
one-half the students were with them
! and he knew the entire community was.
! Students were cautioned to act like ladies
and gentlemen and thus make records at
their new school that would attract atten
tion to them.
The students then took seats In the
three large carryalls provided for them.
In these vehicles were eighty-two boys
I and girls, while twenty more accompa
nied them on wheels. The people gathered
about gave three cheers for the students.
I The carryalls made a tour of the business
! streets, the students giving their yells at
intervals. In front of Boss Rea's office
and the Mercury office these cries were
given with renewed vigor. People turned
out of stores and dwellings and wished
the students godspeed in the fight for
right.
About half an hour was pleasantly
passed in the ride to Santa Clara. The
I school song and yell were given over and
over. The quiet little town of Santa Clara
was awakened by this lively crowd and
j an enthusiastic welcome given the stu
| dents. At the High School were found
about twenty-five pupils from the suburbs
who had preceded them.
Fully a hundred residents of Santa
Clara 'had gathered at their school to wel
come the pupils from this city. The stu
dents piled out of the carryalls and
stormed the school. They were quickly
assigned to their rooms by Professor
Smith and in a half-hour all were seated
and there was no apparent sign of the
previous rush.
A count showed over 160 pupils in at
tendance against 63 for the last month of
the term of last year. Of the 160 fully 120
were former pupils of the San Jose school,
and it is expected that within a month the
number will reach 190. A number of the
students were absent to-day, and many
are working In the fruit orchards to se
cure money with which to pay their
transportation to Santa Clara and tuition
at the school.
At the High School in this city the
scene was in marked contrast to that at
Santa Clara. Here there was no joyful
ness, and students and teachers went
about in a sullen mood. Principal Shu
mate said 210 pupils had registered, of
which 96 were new pupils. The enrollment
last term was 341. In the senior class only
34 pupils reported. This is just oi.e-half
the number in the same* class last year.
Other classes show nearly the same ratio
of falling off. The enrollment of the other
classes are: Third year, 32: second year.
22; first year 24. Last year the average
number of pupils to a teacher was 50. but
this year it will not exceed 30. Principal
Shumate claims that the number of pu
pils will be increased. Knowing ones deny
this. and claim that young people only
visiting in this city were inducted to go to
the school and register as pupils to-day
to increase the attendance.
Business men view this exodus of
pupils to Santa Clara with alarm. It
means the loss of many thousands of dol
lars yearly. Formerly many families,
came here to live so that their children'
could attend the High School, but now
these have removed to Santa Clara. The
tuition paid to the local High School by
non-resident pupils amounted to nearly
$3000 last year. This amount will now go
to Santa Clara, as will probably the
trade of these students' families. Now
that the students are in earnest In this
strike, the business men are also loud
in denouncing "Boss" Rea and the City
Board of Education.
The gang has adopted every means pos
sible to checkmate the students In this
affair. The scholars have been called
into Rea's office and coaxed and threat
ened. Injunction proceedings have been
brought against the Santa Clara trustees
to impede them in furnishing the school,
and now City Superintendent Russell is
about to aid the gang in its work. Rus
sell has discovered in the school law that
there Is some section that prohibits pu
pils attending school in another district
without obtaining permission from the
trustees in the district previously at
tended. He has proposed to the trustees
that injunction proceedings be com
menced to compel the students to attend
the local school.
[ The people of Santa Clara are rejoiced
over the addition of now students to their
High School. David Henderson, presi
dent of the school board, said to-day that
the gang: had tried In every way to hin
der the school. The trustees did not fear
the injunction proceedings begun last
week to enjoin them from using certain
school funds to Improve the buildings.
He said that Rea was at the bottom of
the suit. No money had been Illegally
used, and District Attorney Herinpton
and City Attorney Beasley of San Jose
had a few months ago rendered such an
opinion.
Another trustee said Rea was so thor
oughly disliked in Santa Clara that
should he put In an appearance there
he would probably be run out.
This strike of the students Is a novel
one. and shows what politics will do to
wreck a school. Efficiency is no longer
regarded in the selection of teachers In
the city schools, and those with the larg
est political pulls are giv^n the best
places. Professor Smith's dismissal was
purely for political reasons. A day or
two before the charter election last
spring Smith in addressing his class on
municipal governments statr-d that one
man power was the ruination of cities,
This was contorted as an address against
the gang, and this was the prime cause
of his dismissal. The gang then had the
Battlefield Veterans, a political organ
ization that does Rea's dirty work, peti
tion the school board for a dismissal of
Smith on the ground that he was un
patriotic. They claimed he had stated
that "Grant would have dl^d a poor tan
ner if it had not been for the civil war,"
and they interpreted this as casting slurs
upon the great general. This was merely
done to divert attention from the real
cause, which was that he had uncon
sciously given the gang a hard rap in
teaching his class the evils of one-man
power in city affairs.
Tom Rea, a son of "Boss" Roa, did not
attend the local High School to-day.
Much speculation is indulged in as to
whether he intends to stay at home or
go to the Santa Clara school.
Maguire Coining Home.
I.OS ANGELES, Aur, 29— James O. Ma
puiro, fusion candidate for Governor, left
for San Francisco at 11:50 to-day. He was
accompanied by several political leaders.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 30, 1898.
CONVENTION
OPENS WITH
HIGH MASS
Session of the Young
Men's Institute.
SAN JOSE'S MANY GUESTS
First Day's Proceedings of the As
sembled Delegates Close With
a Sail at the Hotel
Vendome.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 29.— With solemn high
mass at St. Joseph's Church the four
teenth annual session of the Young Men's
Institute was formally opened here to
day and the convention begun with
MEETING OF THE COMMITTEE ON CREDENTIALS, Y. M. 1., fIT THE Y. M. I. HALL,
SAN JOSE.
prayer and devotion. Delegates from all
parts of California, Xevada and Arizona,
the States representing the Pacific Juris
diction of the Young Men's Institute,
were present and offered their homage to
God before commencing the duties of the
convention for which they nave or
ganized.
Of all the delegates present there can
not be noted on« who has not his pet
scheme for the future distinction and edi
fication of the particular district which
he represents. From the opening of the
session, which was held immediately after
mass, the inference can be deducted that
the contest for the supreme honors and
ruling power for the coming year is dcs-
tined to be a hard-fought one. Although
little or nothing was done to-day beyond
organization, to-morrow will bring many
surprises to those who are directly in
terested in the appointment of the ruling
body of tne Institute.
The prevailing topic of argument cen
ters in the election of the new grand pres
ident. Rumor has It that J. J. Gildea is
the man, but this is denied by numerous
delegates, who aver that his hope is a
forlorn one and that another man is des
tined to win the position.
The convention was opened with the
cfl'-brntlon of solemn high mass at St.
Joseph's Catholic Church, immediately
opposite the headquarters of the Institute
on Market street. Promptly at 10:lo
o'clock the entire membership of the In
stitute at San Jose, together with the del
egates from all over the State, met in the
convention hall, and. led by Grand Pres
ident Hasklns. marched to the church op
posite It was an Impressive spectacle,
s the little procession, with American
fla~s and the various banners of the In
stitute flying to the breeze, filed into the
sacred ed'tflee to offer up mass and prayer
before formally opening the annual con
vention.
The church, in honor of the occasion,
was beautifully and appropriately deco
ratea with banners of the Young Men's
Institute and American flags. The sanc
tuary was adorned with ferns, cande
labra and myriads of flickering lights, in
terspersed between which were Bermuda
lilies, and, in fact nearly all of the char
acteristic floral wealth of the Garden
Mass was begun at 10:30 o'clock and was
attended, in addition to the delegates to
the convention, who occupied the central
portion of the church, by a large congre
gation of residents of the city.
Father Jacquet. S. J., was the celebrant
of the mass, being assisted by Fathers
Walshe and Volio, also of the Jesuit com
munity, as deacon and sub-deacon. Spe
cial music was arranged under the imme
diate supervision of the priests of the
community. Buehlar's High Mass was
sung by an especially augmented choir,
the principal singers being the following:
Sopranos. Miss T. Brothaska, Miss 2.
Carto- altos. Mrs. Vale. Miss M. Wil
liams- tenors, J. Ralney and A. Sirio;
bassos. J. Burke and H. Dykemans.
An eloquent sermon was delivered by
the Rev J. B. McNally, S. J., of Oakland.
Immediately after mass Wie delegates
marched to the hall opposite the church
and the work of the convention was for
mally begun. After the appointment of
the following committee on credentials
a recess was taken until 1:30 o'clock:
John D. Maloney, No. 59; John A. Dun
levy No. 37; Edward Sweeney, No. 47;
James J. Cantlen, No. 470; Thomas W.
Kelly, No. 12.
At the afternoon session the following
committees were appointed:
Mileasre— James J. Brady, No. 7; Dr. P. Gro
nin. No. 74; Dr. J. Crowley, No. S4; William
Pr e9B _\v. T. Aggler, No. 2; William Hen
nery No. S; Dr. C. A. Clover, No. 4; Philip
Prlncevalle, No. 43; Emmet Hayden, No. 10.
Finance— L E. Mahaen, No. 67; John H.
Smith. No. 5: F. M. Divlny, No. 11; R. H.
Hammond, No. 6.
State of the Institute-^John Riley, No. 123;
W S. Fleming. No. 81; F. J. Bowen, No. 46;
Euffne D. Sullivan, No. 72; J. H. Leonard,
No. 12.
Upon the appointment of the various
committees the reports of the year wer»
read. Among these the most important
was that by the grand secretary. The
following Is" a synopsis of the condition
of the society during 1 the year: Active
members, 3943; associate members, 362;
honorary, 100; the amount in treasury at
last report, $30,370 58; amount of receipts,
138,517 SO; amount of disbursements. f*7,
179 S4; amount In treasuries June 30, 1898,
$31,708 04; Rain, $1337 46; amount of sick
benefits paid, $12,207; namber of members
relieved, 317; on non-beneficial list, June
30, 1898, 675.
The following resolution was adopted
unanimously:
Whereas. A war In the cause of liberty be
tween the United States and Spain has been
brought to a &u<-cossiul conclusion and peace
will soon be declared; and
Whereas. The Young Men's Institute, tru" to
tits motto, "For God and for Country," was
one of the fir«t organizations to offer and
Klve Its services to the country: and
Whereas. The Pacific Jurisdiction of the
Young Men's Institute was represented in this
war by James F. Smith, our worthy past grand
president, colonel of the First California Vol
unteers; Rev. McKlnnon, our worthy past
grand vice president, chaplain of the First
Refdment of California Volunteers, and George
D. Payne, our worthy grand vice president, a
lieutenant in the Nevada Volunteers, and
thousands of other brave members of our order
who have enlisted in the service; therefore.
be It
Resolved, That we, the members of the
F<>urtt»enth Grand Council of the Young Men's
Inctltute. Pacific Jurisdiction, rejoice with all
Americans upon the success of American arms
upon land and sea and we congratulate William
McKlnleyi our respected President, upon the
able and humane manner In which the war
has been prosecuted and brought to a glorious
termination.
To conclude the exercises of the first
day a ball was given this evening at Ho
tel Vendome. One hundred couples wore
in attendance. The grand march was led
by Grand President Samuel Haskins and
Miss Kate Curley. The committees in
charge were as follows:
Floor— J M. O'Keefe. William W. Wondra,
B. C. Healey, Jame3 P. Sex and Richard Mc-
Ho.-f-ptlon— J. H. Campbell. Thomas Trea
nor. W. T. Aggeler. R. M. McCabe, James B.
Greene and James F. Griffith.
The complete list of delegates repre
senting every council within the Pacific
jurisdiction at the present convention is
n? follows:
Pioneer Council No. 1, Ban- Francisco— F. J.
Klerce. E. R. Myrick. delegates; P. C. Krotz,
Jerry Looney, alternates.
San Jose Council No. 2— John W. Sullivan.
A M. McCabe. delegates; J. M. O'Keefe, J.
J ' Griffith, alternates.
Minion Council No. 3, San Francisco— J. P.
Henry. F. A. Kessler, A. Andler, delegates:
P. J. Moynihan, Joseph I. Richards. J. Cooney,
alternates.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
®— ®— <•>— ®— ®— @>-<s>— ®— <•>— ®— ®~®— ®— ®— <•>— ®~®— ®— ®— ®— ®— ®-
,@S^p%^^ : Do Yon Want
iJ'sr Stren s th?
M,^^^^^^^ o '^ *nX? *> no YOU REALIZE THAT YOU
r M3R4\jp% J^,"£iS^^SfO — ■*-' are not the man you should bo
9 , V * ~~ . -c-w-KSkv^-j^^,. a t your age? Do you find your
strength failing you, exposing the great . drain ■ that has been sapping
the very life and ambition out of you? Does this knowledge mar your
life? Then it is time for you to look seriously to your health. You need
such a remedy as Dr. Sanders Electric Belt, from which you can ab-
' sorb new strength and vitality. , ; It is a grand remedy for any one who
is weak in vitality, from : whatever cause.
Weakness Cured in Six Weeks.
DR. SANDEN— Dear. Sir: 81x ■ weeks ago I received your Belt, and I am proud to
pay that It has helped me wonderfully. .My back doesn't bother me. and; the varicose
veins are hardly noticeable,. :t: t The <lr> inn have almost stopped. I•am * much Improved
and am glad to say the rupture is third the size it was before • using the Belt.
The Belt has done all you '■ have claimed for It. I remain, yours truly, <---■ . -.iiir
: ,;. J.W.RICHARDS. Virginia City.; Nev..; July 30, 1898.
Toning and invigorating in its action, it has 1 made hundreds of vig-
: orous men out of -as i many weak, despondent fellows. It will cure you •
If you will try it. ; - •;.': f
"Three Classes of Men
Is a very valuable treatise on the restoration of strength. ■ It will point
out a means by which you can be come strong. - It is sent sealed, free
to any address, or can be had on application ;at the office. • 'J .< "•:",
Don't put it off. ■ Act to-day i : a manner which concerns the happi-
ness not only of yourself, but of your family and friends of your future.
You should not delay.. Call or address,.
DR. A. T. SANDEN, * not in dru3 stores.
708 Market Street, Corner Ketrny, S»n Frantisjj. . , -. : .
' Office hours, 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. •• Sundays. 10 Dr. Sanden's-" Electric k Belt
to 1 Branches ; at-Los. Angeles, Cal.; 204^4 . . »■ never : sold In . rtru*; ttores ■•;
v South Broadway; ■: Portland, Or.. 268 Washing- ,> nor by traveling agent*; only
ton street Denver.^ Colo., 931 . Sixteenth street; : at our office. v T%£&ssgg£BBK(i*
Dallas. Tex.. 280 Main; street. , ■■,-.». "... '. •„.,... . ,„ . _^* -■
Washington Council No. 4, San Francisco—
Dr. C. A. Glover, William Glllesple. delegates;
T. J. Mahoney. Dennis Barry, alternates.
Stockton Council No. 5, Stockton— John H.
Smith, James P. Carroll, delegates; K. B.
Teefy. G. C. Barth, alternates.
Oakland Council No. 6— Alex D. McKinnon,
delegate: D. G. Hallahan. alternate.
San Francisco Council No. 7— D. J. Mahoney,
James J. Brady, delegates; Samuel L. Conlon,
George M. Kelly, alternates.
American Council No. 8. Oakland— John Cone,
William Hennessey, delegates; T. J. Allen, T.
J. Goodfellow. alternates.
St. Vincent Council No. 9, Petaluma— E. J.
Cavanagh, J. M. Carney, delegates; John F.
Burns. T. J. Cornwall, alternates.
St. Raphael Council No. 10, San Rafael-
Emmet Hayden.
Capital Council No. 11, Sacramento— J. L. Mc-
Gulre, T. M. Diviny, delegates; Thomas Schad,
John Cippa, alternates.
Santa Cruz Council No. 12— Thomas W. Kelly,
J. H. Leonard, delegates.
Vallejo Council No. 13— Joseph Claro, Rich
ard Passalnpqua.
Vinyes Counoll No. 16, Benlcla— P. J. Caro
lan, delegate; William Hyde, alternate.
Yuba Council No. IS— M. T. Harrington Jr.,
delegate; Benjamin Swanton. alternate.
Napa Council No. 21— William S. Fleming,
delegate; Benjamin Swanton, alternate.
California Council No. 24, Alameda— A. F. St.
Sure, delegate; James McGee, alternate.
St. Catherine Council No. 25, Martinez— B.
Hoey, delegate: J. H. Fitzgerald, alternate.
Sacramento Council No. 27— J. W. Keating,
H. J. Carragher, delegates; W. H. Taylor, J.
E. Lynn, alternates.
Grass Valley Council No. 29— Jerry J. Ryan,
delegate: M. O'Connell. alternate.
Fraternity Council No. 31, East Oakland— W.
V. Harrington, delegate; A. Kretz, alternate.
Loyola Council No. 32, South San Francisco —
Joseph H. Hoare, delegate; John Regan, alter
nate.
Golden Gate Council No. 34, San Francisco —
John A. Dunleavy. B. J. Boylan, delegates; F.
J. Driscoll, John Ferris, W. H. Growney, alter
nates.
Ignatian Council No. 35, San Francisco — P. J.
Lawler, C. L. Ebner, J. J. Glldea delegates;
M. F. Bray, W. A. Breslin, J. K. Cosgrove,
Manogue Council No. 41, Virginia City—Wil
liam T. Moran, Joseph Deveney, delegates;
William Pearre. F. J. Cavanaugh, alternates.
Watsonville Council No. 42— E. J. Kelly, dele
gate; John B. Sheehy, alternate.
Menlo Council No. 43— Philip Prlncevalles.
St. Mary's Council No. 44, Gilroy— T. H. Mil
ler, delegate; Walter Fitzgerald, alternate.
Sonoma Valley Council No. 45— E. J. Fergu
son, delegate; John McAulifTe, alternate.
San Luis Oblspo Council No. 46— T. J. Bowen,
delegate: F. J. McHenry, alternate.
A lam. -da Council No. 47, LI vermore— Frank
McCortnick, Edward Sweeney, delegates; Frank
Mulqu^ny. William Hartman, alternates.
Columbia Council No. 55. Ran Francisco— Dr.
T. H. Morris, Thomas Harney, delegates; Geo.
J. Olsen, I>. J. Sheehan, alternates.
Cathedral Council No. 59. San Francisco—
William F. Humphrey, John D. Mahoney. del
egates; A. W. Dollard, Fred E. Farmer, al
ternates.
T'nlted Council No. 61. Castroville — D. J. Col
lins, delegate; John Whalen. alternate.
yueen of the Viilley Council No. 64, Fresno —
T. E. Collins.
Eureka Council No. 67. Eureka— L. E. Mahan,
delegate: E. Hinch, alternate.
Phil Sheridan Council No. 52, San Francisco
—Eugene D. Sullivan. James E. Gallagher,
delegates; M. D. Riordan. Michael Larkln, al
ternates.
Potrero Council No. 74 — Daniel Cronln, James
Strain Jr.. delegates; Dennis Laeey, John
Reiiiy, alternates.
I^e.-i Council No. 86, Port Costa— Patrick J.
Murphy, P. Lucey.
Bouchard Council Xn. 87, Merced— J. D. Ge
treln. delegate; J. B. Ives, alternate.
Oabilan Council No. X, Sal mas—T homas
Conley, delegate; James Hurley, alternate.
Ferndale Council No. 94— J. B. Aggeler. R. J.
Crowley, delegates; William J. Flowers, Wil
liam N. Jordan, alternates.
Golden State Council No. 115, Haywards —
F. B. Hooson, delegate; William Pann, alter
nate.
Borromean Council No. 129. San Francisco —
Richard J. Sweeney. John Rlley, delegates; N.
J. Hoey. E. J. Cavanaugh. alternates.
San Carlos Council No. 301. Monterey— Rev.
R. M. Meters.
St. Matthew's Council No. 307, San Mateo —
J. P. Cummlngs, delegate; John D. Daly, alter
nate.
Santa Rosa Council No. 30S— William J. Cunj
mlngs. John P. Plover, delegate;~F. J. Berto
taln. P. Towey. alternate.
Cooper Council No. 310, Ocean View— M. J.
Neubauer, delegate; L.. T. Brown alternate.
Strosmayer Council No. 460. San Francisco —
Anton Pllcovlch. M. Crepalia. delegates; A.
Spilitak. O. Mnturllch, alternates.
Portala Council No. 470, San Francisco— J. J.
Caulten F. J. Dannet. delegates; F. A. Du
mont, H. 11. Hay. alternates.
Montgomery Council No. 473, T^os Angeles—
A. Schwamm, P. Sal*, delegates; E. J. Curley,
J. W. Sharp, nltornatep.
I>os Angeles Counrll No. 47R— Rev. J. J. Cllf
ford. I- B. Dockwpller. delegates: A. J. Mc-
Cormlck A. J. O'Rourke, alternates.
Yorke Council No. 608. San Francisco—Wil
liam Gill, ilelofcate; James Colletr>n. alternate.
M 'isr.t Carmel Council No. 520. Redwood City
— Kugene O'Nell, fleWnte; Asa Hall, alternate.
%
Epping forest Is the largest public rec
reation ground in the world.
m Satisfies 1^
M that dry taste It
M in the mouth, wk
11 ■*%# f■ . J
ISk pemember the name m-'i
i|& l> when you feuy again. 1
statement:
."■■ ■ ( . OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— THE—
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW. ORLEANS, IN THE STATE OF
Louisiana, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1897, and for the year ending on that day, '
as made to the Insurance Commissioner, of the
State of. California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Cede,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash - • $250,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned < by company...... $40,000 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages...... 14,750 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company /.. 535,730 00
Cash In banks : - 37.689 OS
Premiums in due course of collection 60,158 66
Total assets $655,327 74
LIABILITIES. .
Losses. adjusted and unpaid.. $13,574 65
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $357,228 24;
reinsurance 50 per cent ' 178,814 12
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $55,735 00;
reinsurance pro rata 81.711 00
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.... 13.135 00
Total liabilities $237.034 77
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $341.086 10
Net cash' actually received for ma-
rine premiums .'.....~... ...;.. ; 22,862 61
Received for • Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from ■
all other sources..'..... 20,147 73
Total Income $384,096 43
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses $176,571 65
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 9,071 62
Dividends to stockholders.... 25,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 67,591
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 22,772 32
Paid for State, national and local
taxes; ........•..•••••••••• 7.499 17
All other payments and expenditures. 19,993 61
Total expenditures "$328,500 24
Losses incurred during the year $176,571
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $30,907,639 $463,239 60
Net amount of risks ex-
; pired during the year... 32,556.740 399,83101
Net amount In force De-
cember 31. 1897 ...... 26.131.194 412.983 24
* Marine
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ- < .' ■
' ten during the year.... $4,676,05S $29,003 44
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year. - 4,676,085 . 29,003 44
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1897 None. None.
~ ALBERT P. NOLL. President.
. . CEO. MEYER, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before ■me this 17th
dar of January. 189 S. ■" 'M. C. SONIAT.. ;
Commlsstrner for California In New Orleans, j
BAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
MANN & WILSON,
General Agents,
S.E. Cor. California and Sansome Sts.,
San ; Francisco. Cal.
MADE ME A MAN!
S&&. AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURB
tJT^\ A 1.1, Nervous Disease*- •Falling Mem- ,
R7 — • A I - cry, Impotancy. Sleeplessness, etc., canted !
if •* Tl by Abasa or other Excesses and Indls*
> jSjeL cretions, They qufcklu and surety
"'. 1 "V restore Lost Vitality In old or joung. and
1 vSSi^V. fit a man foretadj, business or marriage.
■ *JS^-dtk> Prevent :. Insanity and . Consumption if j
taken'in time. I Their uso shows Immediate* improve-
ment and effects a CDRE where all ether fail In- j
eiat upon banns tho geunino Ajax Tablet*. , They '
have cured thousands and will cure yon. Woglveapos- .
iti»e written guarantee to effect a euro CA PTC la
I each cose or refund the money. Price W V I «• per ]
i package: or six pkces (fall treatment) for $2.60. By
?nai! In plain wrapper, tipon receipt of price. Circular i
"••aJax remedy co., i
.
' For Mi* In Ban Frmnct«oo Iqr LelpnlU A Cot.
S3« Butter. No- Percentage Pharmacy. Ml MM. !
: \AI. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNST-AT LAW, : I
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spr eckeU • Bids.
.. ■ - : Telephone Brown 9SL.:;r: - - ;
- - Residence, 821 California . at,, - below FoveU.
Ban Francisco. V: : ''- ; '-^^^^^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
— of the: —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ■ MANCHESTER. ENGLAND, ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1897, and for
the year ; ending on that day, "as made to the
I Insurance Commissioner- of the State of -Cali-
i fornia, pursuant to the * provisions -of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
j pcr 1 blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
! Real estate owned by company $355,585 72
j Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,566.657 50
I Cash in company's office...... 996 99
Cash in banks i......... 200.383 97
Premiums in due course of collection 293,630 01
Special agents' balances 653 90
• Total assets ....:..... $2,447,908 09
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid........... $65,170 82
Losses In process <-' adjustment or ■■ •■
In suspense „?•„?? II
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 23,860 06
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,512,330 12; - ..-,..
reinsurance 50 per cent 756,165 06
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,142-,
ISO 09; reinsurance pro rata.... 694,604 96
Amount ; reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual fire insurance policies. 4,002 75
All other demands against the com-
pany 00,000 00
Total liabilities $1,733,356 06
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $1,977,673 71
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 50.869 43
Received for rents ....:.... 8.292 11
Total income $2,036,833 27
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (in-
cluding $147,982 84, losses of pre-
vious years) :....*.:....... $963,907 75
Paid or allowed for commission or .
brokerage 376,648 68
Paid for salaries, ■ fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... .164,723 48
Paid for State, national and local
taxes ■"• 45.176 91
AH other payments and expend 137,924 21
Total expenditures $1,6?3,356 01
Fire.
Losses incurred during the, year $1.007. 00
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $234,202,375 $2,526,303 Cl
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during tho year... 210,454,056 2,377,057 00
Net amount in force De- -
cember 31. 1597.. 242.250,573 2.634.510 21
E. LITCHFIELD, United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 24th
day of January. IS9B.
; C. K. VALENTINE. Notary Public
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
MANN & WILSON,
Managers,
N.E. Cor. California and Sansome Sts.,
San Francisco, CaS.
o © oo 0000 o'o 0000 o'o o
ll T "* PALACE ™%
'GRAND HOTBLSO
Q SAH FRANCISCO. q
V ' Connected by a covered r passageway. \ *f
© 1400 Rooms— With Bath Attached. °
O ' All , Under One ' Management. O
0 -'-',' NOTE THE PRICES: O
•'^ European Plan. B l.oo per day and upward rt I
V American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward**
ft : Correspondence : Solicited. Q
q JOHN C. KIRKPATHICK, JUntrjcr. ..I'q*
(OOOOOO&OOOOOOOOOQ
DR.MO]mTY:
T»HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
j X' SpeclalisteurM Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only.:' Book on Private Diseases and
'Weaknesses of Men, free. OverSOy'rs'experiepco.
Patients cnr«»d at Home. Terms reasonable. HoursO 8
to3dally;6:3otoB:3oev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Cnll.oraddreaa
Dp. P. ROSCOE McSI'LTY,
, 586' i Rearny St., San Francisco, Cal.
I WONG WOO,
I ¥^9 CHINESE TEA AND HERB
feP J SANITARIUM,
' ! VsrJL 764-66 CLAY ST., San
_^aBM£B^-» All diseases cured :■ exclusive- |;|ft
tyjniM'iWißr ly by Chinese herbs, over 3000
I "tF/WtWiim^ varieties being used. ADVICE
i FREE. Hours, 9:30 to 11 a. in., I, to 3 and :to -
9 p. m.
56
TUESDAY AUGUST 30, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to J^x^-_t.^ K - E> ---"3&^U-.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.; S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS. 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
KEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rigfts House
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
• C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
I Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Rajah "
Alcazar— "The Butterflies"'
Moroeco 'B— "Fallen Among Thieves "
Tivoll— "Pag-liaccl ' and " Cavallerla Rustleana "
Orpheum— Vaudevllla
New Comedy Theater— "Tho Leading- Man." Friday night.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannou. the CIS-pound Man.
Alhambra, Eddy and Jones streets-Vaudeville. Opening-
Saturday, $septembe r 3.
Olympla— Corner Mason and Edd y 6treet»-SpecialUes.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Tho Irish Fair,
fruiro'B Baths — Swimming.
State Fair — Sacramento. September 5.
THE CZAR'S ENCYCLICAL.
NICHOLAS, the Czar and autocrat of all the
Russias, has met the reports of impending war
between his empire and any other nation by an
encyclical note addressed to the powers of Europe re
questing them to meet with his representatives in con
ference for the purpose of providing a way for the
maintenance of peace and the disbandment of the
large armies and fleets which now entail such a heavy
burden upon the people of all European countries.
The proposition was so startling that the first com
ments on it were hardly more than gasps of surprise.
A London critic calls it a dramatic stroke and says
its effect coming from the Czar was almost as great
as it it had come from the Kaiser at Jerusalem. In
Berlin it was said that the note would make a good
subject for discussion during the dull season. In
Paris they wondered how the Czar could propose dis
armament without first consulting France. In neither
of the three great capitals of Western Europe does
it appear that the proposal is regarded as at all prac
ticable. Everywhere it has been met with a cynical
incredulity and a criticism verging upon ridicule.
There are ample reasons for believing, however,
that the Czar is quite serious and that he will make a
really earnest and vigorous effort to arrange for peace
with the other European powers that will last at
least for the rest of this generation. He has nothing
to gain and much to lose by the outbreak of hostili
ties, and the cost of maintaining his army and navy
in readiness for war is a heavy burden indeed upon a
people so poor as those of his empire.
The ambitions of his Ministers, moreover, at this
time are not directed toward wars and military con
quests. They are now constructing a railway across the
vast Asiatic continent and are planning a canal from
the Baltic to the Black Sea. These enterprises entail
large expenditures, and his financiers would gladly be
relieved from the necessity of providing money not
only for them, but for an army and a navy besides.
It is furthermore to be remembered that the estab
lishment of the proposed peace would not in any way
check the advance of Russia in Asia nor prevent the
expansion of her empire. Now that she has obtained
from China control of a port on the Pacific that is
open all the year round she can afford to move slowly
and trust to diplomacy, colonization and commerce
to win for her all that she wishes in that part of the
world. As for the long desired extension southward
toward Constantinople, that is a matter that can wait.
In the meantime diplomacy can do much in that di
rection also and virtually make Turkey a dependency
of Russia.
The proposal of the Czar is therefore one well cal
culated to promote the interests of his empire. There
is no reason why he should not urge it with all his
force and influence. It is one that appeals to the
sympathies of good men, to the desires of the peas
antry of all countries to be relieved from heavy taxes
and military duties, to the interests of industry and
that great commercial class which has now become so
powerful in the world and finally it must appeal also
to the wisdom of statesmen who have been long
struggling with the complexities of the existing sit
uation. The coming conference, therefore, is likely
to be an important one. It has been met at first with
cynicism and ridicule, but it will be treated seriously
before long.
According to W. H. H. Hart, to himself is due the
fact that the President favors the retention of the
Philippines. Mr. Hart will be remembered as the
gentleman who glided into office on the strength of
having rallied a panic-stricken army by an heroic rata-
plan, and with his little drum leading them on to vie-
tory. The trifling circumstance that Hart had not
been on the scene was not permitted to interfere.
However, he may have converted the President. At
least there is no proof that he didn't.
• Police Judges sometimes seem to get an idea that
they are collection agents and have a right to employ
criminal law for the expedition of civil business.
It is hardly necessary to state that they are mistaken
in this, and that when they strike a man with the
nerve to demonstrate the absurdity of their position
they will be brought up with a turn so sudden that it
will make their heads swim.
The doctor of a Kansas regiment has been sen
tenced to five years' imprisonment for having dese
crated the grave of a Confederate officer on the field
of Bull Run. The sentence does not at first glance
seem severe enough, but it must be considered that
the doctor will have to go back to Kansas to serve it.
Self-defense as an excuse for shooting an unarmed
man of 80 strikes the unbiased as being rather a weak
plea. However, it seems to be the best Cornelius Sul
livan can advance, and we have no disposition to in
terfere with the tribunals in which the administration
of justice is both an art and a profession.
An old-time bicycle champion was recently de
feated by a new racer, and the crowd hissed the loser.
It was an Eastern crowd, a fact which knocks the
spots out of the theory that civilization along the
Atlantic border is of a superior type.
A WORD WITH DEMOCRATS.
IT is evident that all the political fusions of this year,
made by the Bryan leaders in control of the Dem
ocratic party, are made to secure a show of strength
that will lead to Bryan's nomination in 1900 as a sort
of forlorn but star-spangled hope.
The New York Democracy has chafed under the
conditions of 1896. It elected last year a Cleveland
Democrat to the Court of Appeals and another Mayor
of New York City.
This is regarded as high and mighty treason by the
Bryan leaders, who now serve notice on the Knicker
bockers that they must this year indorse the Chicago
platform and dance the whole silver figure or take the
consequences.
It is interesting to note the paths into which fusion
is leading these people who follow a name and
tremble in the presence of "regularity" in conventions
and tickets.
In every fusion made this year the party commits
itself to an issue of irredeemable paper currency. In
California the strongest party in the fusion trinity is
undoubtedly the Populist. Take away from the Dem
ocratic ticket the gold or national Democrats, who
accept the Indianapolis platform as expressive of the
true faith, and the others who don't believe in fusion,
and the Popuiists outnumber both the Democrats and
silver Republicans. They were first in the field to
nominate Judge Maguire, and he has signed and ap
proved their platform, and declares that it is identical
with the Democratic platform.
That platform demands free silver at a ratio of 16 to
i, but it also, in more decisive tones, demands that the
Government issue irredeemable paper currency in un
limited volume and arrange for equitably distributing
the same among the people. Every man who votes
the fusion ticket votes for this paper issue. In the
stress and emergency of the Civil War the Republican
party was driven into the issue of the greenback paper
currency. The Government agreed to make that cur
rency good by converting it into money. But this
promise to redeem it did not prevent its fluctuation,
and the Democrats never tired of attacking it and the
party that was responsible for it. We suppose that the
party now will take strictly Democratic testimony as
to the effect of that paper currency upon labor and
tiade.
In 1864 there were two organs of Democratic
opinion in the country which never struck their flags
and held out to the end. One of these was "The Old
Guard," edited in New York by C. Chauncey Burr
and Thomas Dunn English. That magazine dictated
Democratic opinion. It said in 1864: "The issue of
any kind of paper promise to circulate as money is a
fraud upon the producer, because the tendency is to
give him less of moneys worth than he would get if
paid in specie. It is also a cheat to rob the working
man of the proceeds of his daily labor. This is un
doubtedly the effect of the paper system; but its first
effect is to cause an appearance of prosperity, which
lasts a little while, until revulsion ensues."
There being then $600,000,000 of paper circulation,
"The Old Guard" said: "This is a pretty abundant
currency, and the fact that it is so is manifest every
day in its depreciation. For instance, in Canada flour
is $4 25 per barrel in coin. Ten miles south of the
Canada line the same flour is $6 75 per barrel in paper.
The consumer is robbed of $2 50 by the depreciation
of the paper, showing its superabundance. The Gov
ernment is jeopardized by the infamous schemers who
seek through paper money to destroy not only the
Union, but what remains of popular rights, even the
right to live by labor."
If these were the direful effects of issuing a re
deemable paper currency, we leave it to the Demo
crats of to-day to say what will follow the issue of
irredeemable paper demanded by their candidate for
Governor.
"The Old Guard" continued its discussion of paper
currency, saying: "High wages do not long delude
the poor man, for he finds them to be very low wages
when he goes into the market to buy the necessaries
of life. He discovers that his paper abolition dollar
buys less than 37 per cent of what old-fashioned Dem
ocratic money used to. There is an average increase
of 45 per cent in the price of everything the poor man
must buy with the money he receives for his labor,
while the nominal increase in the price of labor is less
that 10 per cent, which leaves the workingman poorer
by 35 per cent. And prices are still going up, while
the value of the Republican currency is running
down. Let this policy continue three years longer
and the poor of this country will be brought to the
door of starvation."
In all that there was the element of a general truth.
The price of everything except labor, in an inflated
but redeemable paper currency, did rise as the cur
rency fell. The Republican party, mindful of the con
ditions that were created in the emergencies of war,
immediately prepared to redeem its promise of con
verting greenbacks into money, and made them worth
their face in gold.
But, we ask every reasonable Democrat if redeem
able paper currency brought the industrial disasters
of which they complained in 1864, what will be the
effect of the irredeemable currency which they are
supporting in their fusions of 1898?
CUBfTS PECULIAR PATRIOTS.
IF Dr. Castillo is a sample Cuban patriot the island
will be in a bad way after it has really fallen into
the hands of the natives. Yankees have been
termed "pigs," but if the appellation is deserved, what
shall the Castillos be called? This chap is in Wash
ington with a claim for $.15,000 for the destruction of
cocoanut trees near Siboney. He is not willing to
take his pay in the boon of liberty; he is after the
cash, and deserves not to get it.
Castillo does not state the manner in which his trees
were destroyed. Perhaps the boys in shinning them
for nuts barked them fatally. Possibly the trunks
were needed for the construction of roads. It may be
they were scorched to death when necessity arose for
burning Siboney to destroy the yellow fever germs
lurking there. But whatever the precise circum
stances, Castillo has not a good case. If it were a
first-class case his grandchildren might collect, but
there is no utility in Castillo's monkeying around
with his claim.
Americans did not go to Cuba with the idea of de
stroying anything but Spanish rule. That they suc
ceeded in this more than offsets the incidental dam
age. Castillo did not draw a sword himself, nor, in
deed, draw more than regular rations. So long as
he preserved a whole skin and a full stomach he ought
to be satisfied. It's a measley sort of patriot who is
willing to have an alien nation do his fighting and fur
nish his grub, and is not willing to donate to the
cause a few trees. Probably the trees were not worth
the sum mentioned, but if Castillo pins his faith to the
cocoanut as a source of income, his best scheme is
to go back to Cuba and plant some more.
This Castillo is a brother of the general who
imagines himself rightful Governor of Santiago, and
who is likely to have his material system materially
jarred unless he lay aside his pretensions. The first
the Castillo family knows it will be in disfavor.
While Dewey is calling for more ships there can
hardly be an absolute certainty that Merritt may not
call for some more men.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, AUGUST 30, 1898.
THE LEGISLATIVE TICKET.
I I ARDLY less important to California Republi-
I I cans in this campaign than the selection of
* * strong candidates for State offices is that of
putting forward in every county a strong legislative
ticket. The issues involved in the control of the
coming Legislature are far reaching and are likely to
affect national as well as State politics.
There are at present eighty-nine members of the
United States Senate, Oregon being one Senator
short, and of these forty-four are Republicans. The
recent victory in Oregon assures that the vacancy in
the Senatorial representation from that State will be
filled by a Republican, and a Republican has also been
chosen to succeed Senator Gorman of Maryland. If
no other changes occur the party will have just a bare
majority in the Senate When the next Congress as
sembles, and that margin of superiority will hardly be
sufficient for the important legislation that is ex
pected to be undertaken. It is clear, therefore, that in
order to advance the adoption of the great national
policies of the Republican party witli regard to the
currency, the promotion of American shipping ami
other hardly less important matters, the Republicans
of California should make an earnest effort to send a
Republican to the Senate to succeed Senator White.
In addition to the national issues which may be de
pendent upon the vote of the Senator to be elected at
Sacramento this winter, there are a host of local
questions which render it imperative that the Re
publicans should have a strong working majority in
the Legislature. No matter what advantages nature
may have bestowed upon a particular community, its
prosperity is always more or less affected by the laws
which direct its affairs. No natural prosperity, how
ever great, can withstand the drain put upon a people
by a wasteful and extravagant Legislature if left to
run its inevitable course.
While the large national questions at stake upon the
election of a United States Senator, and the impor
tant local issues involved in the election of a Legisla
ture that will be at once economical and progressive,
will naturally incline men to vote the Republican leg
islative ticket, too much dependence should not be
placed upon those factors in the problem. Senatorial
and Assembly districts are comparatively small, and
the candidates in them are generally so well known
to the voters that personal considerations are often as
effective as political issues in determining results on
election day. The legislative ticket, therefore, should
be made up of men who are personally popular and
esteemed; men whom the people know and trust;
men who are not under the domination or influence
of corporations or bosses; men who are not pledged
or bound to any corrupting combination or personal
ity; men who can be counted on to do in office that
which they promise in the campaign, and whose can
didacy will add strength to the whole ticket in the
districts where they run.
THE SILVER "REPUBLICANS."
AMONG the resurrected political fragments
which go to make up the Maguire fusion party
none occupy quite so humiliating a position as
the Silver Republicans. Representatives of these laction
ists met in State convention at Los Angeles on Friday
last, adopted a platform and meekly accepted the mor
sel of patronage doled out to them by the fusion com
mittee which conducted the Populist and Democratic
conventions. But there was no enthusiasm, and no
interest, no exultant feeling of victory, no cheering —
nothing, in fact, except a feast of indigestible crow.
This may have been due to the circumstance that
out of the fusion division the Silver Republicans have
obtained but two offices. One of these is a Justice of
the Supreme Court who is without political pull or
patronage, and who cannot even stump the State — at
least, not without some sacrifice of judicial dignity and
neglect of duty. Walter Van Dyke, the nominee re
ferred to, is a Superior Judge of Los Angeles County.
The other crumb doled out to the Silver Republicans
was the clerkship of the Supreme Court — a position
which has been given to H. A. McCraney, an old line
stalwart, the better part of whose life has been ex
pended in scalping Democrats and putting Populists
to the torture.
But the Silverites have accepted what has been
given to them with thanks, and in return they have
swallowed the entire fusion ticket, unwashed and all.
How many of them will vote for the candidates other
than Van Dyke and McCraney remains to be seen.
If one may judge from the platform adopted by the
convention not many of them will do that. The
Silver Republican declaration "reaffirms" the prin
ciples and doctrines of the Republican party "as de
clared and promulgated by Abraham Lincoln and
James G. Elaine." These principles and doctrines do
not accord with those "declared and promulgated" by
Thomas Jefferson, who was set up by the Democratic
convention as the political deity of the day. How
can the Silver Republicans support a ticket which
represents in great part the antithesis of Republican
ism? How can they vote for nominees who regard
the Dingley law as the invention of the devil, seeing
that that law establishes the great principles for
which Rlaine contended all his life? How can they
vote for nominees who look upon McKinley as an
"enemy" while they commend him for his "earnest
ness and patriotic zeal in the prosecution of the war?"
On one point, however, the Silver Republicans
agree with their fellow fusionists. They are united on
the 16 to I theory, on their opposition to the retire
ment of greenbacks, on their aversion for bonds and
denunciation of international bimetallism, and on their
view that bankers are birds of prey who feed upon the
remains of the people. But all this has an ancient and
fish-like smell. Are the Silver Republicans aware of
the fact that these things were repudiated by the peo
ple in November in 1896, and have since been in
terred in the political graveyard? Evidently the poli
ticians of the Silver Republican party have just re
covered from a long nap, and yet their platform indi
cates that they are actually aware of the war with
Spain and have an inkling of the new issues which
have in consequence sprung up and which are now
engaging the minds nf men.
The only hope for the Silver Republicans, however,
is to keep awake. If they fall into slumber again they
may open their eyes after election and find themselves
dead.
Now all the officers of the police force above the
rank of patrolman want to be provided with swords.
It might have been known that something of this sort
would happen when the Chief insisted on riding at
the head of every procession with a glittering blade
spanking the flanks of his charger. He looked pretty
enough to be demoralizing.
In attempting to draw a parallel between the fa
mous Barnaby poisoning case in Colorado and the
Dunning tragedy the Chronicle might have added that
the man convicted of the former crime was convicted
on evidence on which a sensible jury would not have
hanged a yellow dog.
Sagasta declares that Spain is still at war. The
Premier has evidently become so rattled that he does
not know peace when he sees it
LONG LIST
FOR VOTERS
TO SCAN
Persons Cited by Reg
istrar Biggy.
RIGHT TO VOTE DOUBTED
MANY CLAIM RESIDENCE IN
ONE PLACE.
They Will B« Required to De
feud Their Registrations
or Be Disfran
chised.
The work of -'purging the great register
of Illegal registrations is now fairly In
progress. Last evening Registrar Biggy
prepared the following list of persons
cited to appear and explain their registra
tions. He makes the statement that no
charges yet stand against any of the In
dividuals cited. Some of them will, no
doubt, be able to offer satisfactory expla
nations. .Not a few of the citations are
based upon the suspiciously large number
of voters claiming residence In certain
houses. On Thursday next the Election
Commissioners will have the list of cita
tions placed before them at the regular
board meeting.
' In accordance with resolution of Board of
Election Commissioners, 1 herewith transmit
the following list of registered voters cited to
appear btfore the commission September £>,
6, 7 and b, IS9S, lor causes set opposite their
names:'.. g
SEPTEMBER 5 — TWENTY-NINTH DIS
TRICT.
Fifth Precinct— L. Anthoine, 737 Mission
street; John liehrens, 2od Minna street— not
known at address. William G. Curtis, 73i Mis-
Blon street moved. Charles F. Clark, 770 KW-
Bion street; Albert Jelinuk, 7091 Mission street;
Charles V. Maloney, 737 Mission street; V> u
liam F. tjweet, 7U7 Mission street— not known
at address. James A. Stewart, 737 Mission
street, John H. Welspell, M 6 Minna street
moved. James McCauley, 737 Mission street—
Sixth Precinct— William Kelly, 744 Howard
street— moved to Oakland. Alt J. Keiiney wU
Howard street-- vacant house. William A. «"*-
Bon, 139 Fourth street; Herman Lash, U9
Fourth street. John Lawless, 277 Minna street
—moved. John McCarthy, li»4 Third street— no
such number. William 11. Stafford, northwest
corner Third and Howard streets -not known
at address. Dennis Cronin, 121 Third street
building torn down. Henry Faust, 2624 «»to
mi Street— no suih number. Martin Mark:-. Ml
NatOßta street; Francis Maguire, 233 Natuma
stivet -n.pi known at address.
Fourteenth Preclact— John Dunlap, 336 Third
street — Hot known at address.
THIRTIETH DISTRICT.
First Precinct— William . Insellman (1243 new
number), 1025 Market street; James Lawlor.
lltil Market street— non-residence. Austin T.
Cooper. 821 Market street— no such number.
Second Precinct— William Ilutton, W4T* Mar
ket street; George W. Loring, 1405 Market
(1701 new number)— non-residence.
Third Precinct— John Shea, 570 Minna street;
Wlllard E. Qoulch, 1033 Mission street; William
Ford. 1063 Mission btreet— non-residence.
Fifth Precinct— Charles Cattern, 1020 Howard
street; William Warren, 1030 Howard street—
non-residence. «
Seventh Precinct— Thomas J. Guiding, U2",
Tehama street; Fred J. Mahoney, 460% Uehama
street; Charles F. McCauley, 942 Howard
street; George J. Perkins, M Howard street—
Ninth Precinct— H. O. McDermott. 964 Folsom
street; W. P. Ryan, &74 Folsom (street; J. Fwt,
974'Folsom street; J. A. Flood. 374 Fclsom
street; K. Chamey, U\i Tehama. street; I. ilc-
Mahon, 437 Tehama Btreet— non-residence.
THIKTY-FIKST DISTRICT.
First Precinct— Ernest A. Hams, 623.Steven
son ■treat: Joseph It. Pool, 1124 Mission street
—non-residence.
■ Second Precinct— H. Kitchens. 700 Ste
venson street no . such number. Charles W.
Ward, 752 Stevenson street; Oswald Monson,
2S Eighth street; Thomas W. Hi.i. 12 Laskie
street; William E. Johnson. 1202 Mission ttrect
— non-residence.
Third Precinct— John J. Smith, 103 Eighth
street; Frank N. Way, 1125 Mission street—uon
resldenee.
Fourth Precinct— Riadan, 637 Minna
street; James Kowe, 122 Eighth street—
residence.
Sixth Precinct— S. Gould, 13*4 Wash
ington avenue; William H. :F. James. 1310V4
Mission street; Frank Norton, 153 Tenth street
— non-residence. ■
Seventh l>reclnct— William H. Ellis, 128 Tenth
street; John James. 14374 Mission street: Gil
bert K. Bennett, 14374 Mission street—non-resi
dence.
SEPTEMBER 6— THIRTY-FIRST DISTRICT.
EiKhth Precinct— James Meegan, 2304 Ninth
street' Francis T. Armstrong. 210 Tenth street;
William lUKk. 219 Tenth street; Benjamin A.
Bearing 219 Tenth street; Henry 'White. 219
Tenth street; Richard Greenwood, 10 Bowie;
William Greenwood, 10 Bootej George Green
wood 10 Bowie: Michael J. Kenny. 211 Elev
enth street; Georee F. Poulson, 6 Henrietta
Btreet— non-residence.
Ninth Precinct— George Ballard. 121 1V3 How
ard street; Patrick K. Kerrlean, 22'j Ninth
street; Joseph H. Keattlk, 250 Eighth street—
non-residence.
Tenth Precinct— Joseph L. Cobb, 607V4 Clemen
tina street, rear off Eighth— No such number.
Eleventh Precinct— Rodger Carlin, 1120 Fol
som street; Hubert J. Bialne, 17 liauach street
— non-residence.
Twelfth Precinct— M. G. Sells, 20 Folsom
avenue — non-residence.
THIRTY-SECOND DISTRICT.
Second Precinct— William CorveL 111 South
I'a.rk non-residence. A. P. Wardell. 26 South
Park— No such number. J. T. Stall, 96 South
Turk -non- residence.
Seventh Precinct- Thomas \V. Mohoney. 500
Sixth street — Non-reeldence. John Joseph
Citary, 6«JI Uruniutn btreet— No such number,
nun-residence.
THIRTY-THIRD DISTRICT.
First Precinct— Louis J. Meany, 604 Treat
avenue; Henry S. Elliott, 3321 Twentieth
Non-residence.
Third Precinct— George B. Gray, 2759 Folsom
str»«t--No such number.
Ninth ITecinot- -William Clavels. City and
County Hospital; John F. Konplkus, City and
Count; Hospital; James F. Rice. City and
County Jiwi>ital; James Anderson. 1429 HUB
Bruno avenue — Non-residence.
THIRTY-FOT'RTH DISTRICT.
Second Precinct— John B. Silversheild, 1521
Mission street; James A. Steele. 24 Lafayette
street; Conrad ilirt, 1001 Xatoma street-
Moved.
Third Precinct— James J. Sheehan. 31 Crocker
street; Tbomu Norton, ■»» Brady street— Moved.
Fifth Precin.-t -John W. McKinnon. 12m
Twelfth street; Daniel O'Mahoney. 120 Twelfth
street; H. O. Abbott. 17 Glen Park avenue-
Seventh Precinct— Otto Koch. 1605 Folsom
Tenth Precinct— Oscar Hilderbrant, 1697 Fif
teenth street— Moved. '
Eleventh Prectact— Edwin R. Merritt, 209>*
Guerrero street; A. L. Me Mellon, 201 Guerrero
street— Moved.
Twelfth Precinct— Richard Pearson, 34b9
Seventeenth street— Non-residence.
Fourteenth Precinct— Michael Mc^urk, IStt
Fifteenth street— Non-reslden.e. Thomas En
right 2334 Sixteenth street— Never lived there.
H O. Bishop. 2i371 Mission street; Philip
Braun. 12TS, Capp street— Moved.
Fifteenth Precinct— Henry \\ . Burton. 2P30
Howard street; "William J. P.urton, 2035 Howard
street- Not known at address.
Fighteenth Precinct— Charles Feige, 2SI Lex
inpton avenue; Daniel W. Sexton, 219 Lexing
°Nineteenth Precinct— Carl H. E. Busch, 71S
Valencia street (hotel); Sylvester H. Lewis. 718
Valencia street (hotel); John Dallas, 718 Valen
cia street (hotel)— Moved.
THIRTY-FIFTH DISTRICT.
Eighth Precinct— H. H. Varney, 311 San Jose
avenur — Non-residence.
Eleventh Precinct— \V. M. Kitchen, 40 Bernal
avenue — Non-residence.
THIRTY-SIXTH DISTRICT.
Third Precinct— Martin Manion. 537 Four
teenth street— Number shnuM he 527.
Buckman's Camp— Party not known.
Nineteenth Precinct— Cassius Blackman, 1625
Church street— Moved.
THIRTY-SEVENTH DISTRICT.
Second Precinct— Samuel A. Selnva. 245 Fell
street; John Green, IS4 Hickory avenue — Non-
Fifth Precinct— Charles F. Con way. 460 Hayes
street— Non-residence.
Sixth Precinct— Frank E. Trimble, 515 Fell
street; William J. Pardons. 625 Grove street;
Jens Anderson. 611 I-ag-una. street ; Chris.
Samuelson. 525 I>aguna street— Non-residence.
SEPTEMBER 7 — THIRTY-SEVENTH DIS
TRICT.
Ninth Precinct— Fred Renz, 31 Pearl street:
Clarence E. Ayer. 446 Thirteenth street: Henry
M. Malllnson. 446 Thirteenth street; Henry
Diener. 2120 Market street— Non-residents.
Tenth Precinct— Frank Roney, 118 Fillmore
street — Non-resident.
Eleventh Precinct— William E» Bell, 300
Haight street — Non-resident.
Twelfth Precinct— Ferdinand Schaller, 721
Grove street; Thomas J. Kavanagh, 034 Oak
street; James W. Nicholson, 534 Oak street-
Non-residents. ,»
Thirteenth Precinct — Joseph Herzog, 9-T-
Hayes street — Non-resident. „• infi
Fifteenth Precinct— William F. Donnelly, «»
Devlhadero street— Non-resident. _.
Twentieth Precinct— Alf M. Sayler, 526
der street; John W. Jones. 171S Fell street; re
mand P. Johnson, 31 Belvedere street—-Non
residents.
THIRTY-EIGHTH DISTRICT.
Firth Precinct-James McMorrer. 448 Fulton
street; William A. Tobin. 448 Fulton street-
Non-residents.
THIRTY-NINTH DISTRICT.
First Precinct— William J. Harrison. 5^, Po ' k
street; Wilhelm Johnson. 26 Fell street; Ed U.
Hitchcock, 232 Van Ness avenue— Non resi-
Second Precinct— Alfred M. Wood - 00 414 rt V *"
Ness avenue; William Landahn. 122 Oro\e
street — Non-residents. „,„
Sixth Precinct-Benjamin F. Zvslsler, --.
Turk Street; Emil Spinony. 216 Turk street-
fson-resiaentß. / , ti „ ,
Eighth Prectnct-Mlchael J. Henly. 6M Bo
dy street; John A. Kassdawn, 607 Kills street.
George R. Morgan. 514 Hyde street; ■Arthur^
Stern. 2 Mayre Terrace: Charles A. O Donnell,
E29 Eddy street— Non-residents.
Ninth Precinct-John H. McCrary. 330 - 1 ' -
Allister street: H. A. McCormack 327 Lar
kln street; Frank D. Johnson. 402^ Golden V:l("V :l( "
avenue: Patrick M. Killilea, 422 McAllister
street: Andrew A. Manning, 6 2? ro Go^ .,'-J V '
avenue- George Henderson 322 .McAllister
street: " Robert Altken/ 320 McAllister street—
;\on-resiaeni9. _, T „ _ B -22
Eleventh Precinct-Henry A. G. J. I ape. ,a
Ellis street— Non-resident.^ »•«__ 
Thirteenth Precinct-Robert W. King, 030
OFarrell street— Non-resident. ,„„_ X1 n
Fourteenth Precl net-George W. G rif 610
Geary street- Max A. W. Herbert. /19 Post
street- WUllarn J Kline. 719 Post -street:
Joseph E. Martin. 602 "'Farr-ll street: Hugh
MlJrown 648 Geary street— Non-residents.
Slxtee^U. Preci.£?-F. H. Wedeklng, north
east corner of Geary and Larkln streets-Non-
"Ef/hteenth Precinct-Samuel Z"™/ p^
Geary street; George C. Rarnett SI.. ■loiK
street- John Murphy, 821 I^arkln street; \\ ill
tan B. Westiake. 19V4 Cedar avenue; Emerson
Llehtfoot 915 Geary street— Non-residents.
Nineteenth Precinct-Mar C. Roberts.
1013% Larkln street— Non-resident.
FORTIETH DISTRICT.
Fifth Precinct— Thomas McCanty, 2013 Sac
ramento street: Jesse D. Glbbs, 1925 California
nth Precinct— Lichensteln. 2223 Sutter
Tenth Pre.-lnct— M. Liohensteln. 2223 Sutt»r
street; Wllllain T. Morton. 1S»13 Geary street-
Non-residents.
Eleventh Precinct— Henry B. Suttell, 2521H
Pine street— Non-resident.
Thirteenth Precinct— Joseph A. Baxter, 27C1
Bush street— Lives in Berkeley.
Fourteenth Precinct— J. T. McCormack, 1821
Scott street; C. A. Patterson. 1523 Scott street;
M. W. Harlowe, 2228 Post street— Non-residents.
Seventeenth Precinct— James F. Rooney,
2607% Post street— Thomas 'Tracy, 227
Wood street — No such number.
Eighteenth Precinct— Paul B. Conant, Camp
Merrltt—
SEPTEMBER B— FORTY- FIRST DISTRICT.
First Precinct— W, Riley Wheeler, 1317 Hyiln
street— Non-r«-Rkltnt.
Second Precinct— William Scott, 1123 Filbert
street— Moved.
Fifth Precinct— John F. Monroe, 1400 Broad
way—Moved.
Seventh Precinct— Francis Delmont, t7Mtt
Pr.lk street— Moved. Henry M. Owens. 1631
Clay Btreet — N'nn-resident.
Fifteenth Pneinet— Randolph Harrison 2.W2
Clay street; Richard J. Paddock, 227 Clay
street— Non-residents.
FORTY-SECOND DISTRICT.
First Precinct— E. Burr, 21 Turk street-
Joseph Eades, 21 Turk street; Caesar Abblati,
Murphy building W. L. Stevens, 1130 Market
street; W. J. Andrews, 1104 Market street-
Non-residents.
Second Precinct— H. E. Bogga, 110 Eddy
street: C. B. L^Shr-lls, 110 Eddy street- T J
"VVhelan, 20 Turk street; E. Rogers, "4 Turk
street; A. V. Sanborn, 24 Turk street; \v J
Holt, 122 Taylor street; J. Lj-on, 238 Taylor
street; J. W. Hicks. 11 Mason street; Grant
Hicks, 11 Mason street; K. M. Sweeney, 113
Eddy street Non-residents.
Third Precinct— R. W. Bettis, 317 Ellis street
— Non-resident.
Eighth Precinct— M. Berwin. 932 Butter street
—Non-resident.
FORTY-THIRD DISTRICT.
First Precinct— Joseph H. JoeEolyn. 506 Mar
ket street; John F. Carrier, 3 Eddy street—
residents.
Third Precinct— Charles J. Swonßon, 303 Pow
ell ■ street — Non-resident.
Fifth Precinct— H. .W. Tangermann. 127
Kearny street; George Coffln. 223 Grant avenue
—Non-residents. Terrance Trogan, 225 Grant
— Convicted of felony. George E. M:tu<M.
217 Grant avenue; Charles \V. Frankel. 332
Stockton street: Frank S. Brlttain. Savoy
Hotel, northeast corner of Powell and Post
streets; Dr. C. H. Cook, Savoy Hotel; Aaron
Abbott, 309 Putter street: Hvman Baum. 315
Sutter street; Moses Rosslter, 319 Sinter street
— Non-residents.
Seventh Precinct— Ed M. Ascheim, 308 Sutter
street: William Slmms, SOS Sutter street; Ed
C. Silvey. 605 Bush street— Non-residents.
FORTY-FOI'RTH PISTRUT
First Precinct— Jacob Acker, 132" Stockton
street: Henry Dougherty. 1314 Stockton street:
Harry Jones, 1314 Stockton street—Non-resi
dents.
Ninth Precinct — Edmund Heiser, 732 Union
street- Nr>n-rf-sldf>nt.
Eleventh Precinct — Andrew I>ittle, 734 Green
street — Non-resident.
FORTY-FIFTH mSTRICT.
Fourth Precinct— Adam Emlg, 633 Clay street;
John Kennedy, 634 Sacramento street; John
Dunn. 62." Merchant street— Non-residents.
Ninth Precinct— Carl Schletwig, 409 Pacific
street: G. Vosberg, 409 Pacific street; G. Gul
gaard, Jackson and Balance . streets: C. BaJ
llnper. 239 Green street : Frank Balllnger, 239
Green street: Edward Richards, 902 Montgom
ery street — Non-residents. Oeorge • Theobald,
Sl4 Montgomery street— ln Jail, j
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
F. CL Lusk, a banker of Chico, is at the
Palace.
J. F. Rooney, an attorney of Sonora, is
at the Occidental.
D. \V. Burchard, an attorney of San
Jose, is at the Palace.
John T. Millner, a merchant of Benton,
Ariz., is at the Grand.
Kiki Salto, the new Japanese Consul to
Hawaii, is at the Palace.
E. S. Valentine, an Insur ,nr« man of
Fresno, ia at the. Grand.
John K. Treglonti, a mining man of
Amador City, is at the Grand.
B. J. MeV.'v, the Delaware detective in
th<> Dunning can*. Is at th<- Rum.
M. J. Colltl ©f th« MaryHvllle l>aily Ap
peal Ih In tin- pity for ■ tWH «lavs.
11. W. QorhMAi ■« mllli&g maa Of Ne
vada, and wife, .it.. a( the Palac*.
Rev. n. <:. Lm of tti.. i'i\u,ii\ Bdtool
at San Mateo in ut tin- Occidental.
When th.> war
with Spain was
In Its Inclplency
And the fervor of !
patriotism was
performing triple
somersaults in
the breasts of old
AN ACT ;
OF COLOSSAL
GENEROSITY.
and young, Colonel Mosby. of the South
ern Pacific law department, determined
to offer his services to his country. The
native hue of his resolution paled some
what when he thought of his chief and ;
master. Collis P. Would he sanction the I
action was the question the fighter of |
another generation plied himself with to j
his complete confusion of mind. Finally j
some one sounded the great and omnl- !
potent old man. Collis listened attentive
ly to his interlocutor, and when he was
told that Mosby wanted to buckle on
the armor of his youth and fight for the
stars and stripes the venerable and char- j
itable president of an impoverished road
rose up from his seat, his eyes ablaze i
with charity and benevolence to all the j
world. In the loftiness of self-sacrifice ■
he said: "Tell Mosby I will place an ;
official sancton on his act. I have been
pondering for some time how I could as
sist the Government in its present trou
ble. This will be my gift to my country-.
Others of vast wealth may give batteries
and ships, but I give a man."
S. Philip Sanderson and John T. Rus
sell of Los Angele-s are at the Russ.
Dr. E. B. Eaton has returned from an
extended tour through Washington and
Oregon.
Harry Adams, contracting freight agent
of the Rock Island, has returned from a
hunting trip in Calaveras County.
George P. Simpson, a lumher man of
Stockton, acompanied by his wiie, ar
rived yesterday and is at the Occidental.
Hon. John T. Dare left this city a few
days ago to attend the conference of
United States Appraisers in New York
City.
Captain Leal and family were enter
tained yesterday on board the British
ship Clan Graham, the occasion being
Mrs. Leal's birthday.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Aug. 29.— R. Well. S. W.
Willis, Edwin McAllister and W. P. Ful
ler of San Francisco are at the Holland;
H. Michaels of San Francisco Is at the
Fifth Avenue.
DEATH OF COLONEL
JOHN O'BYRNE
DISTINGUISHED ARISH-AMEBI
CAN PASSES AWAY.
A Man of Scholarly Attainments and
Great Versatility Who /lad uu
Interesting Career.
Colonel John O" Byrne died at «!:#*
o'clock last evening at his home. l- air Oaks
and Twenty-fourth streets, after an 111—
nr-s.s of several weeks, during which he
Buffered the most Intense pain. Th< .-ause
of his death was Inflammatory rheuma
tism. which went to his heart.
Colonel O'Byrne was one of San Fran
cisco's most prominent and distinguished
citizens, and as a leader of Irish-Ameri
cans he had a national reputation. His
history la an Interesting one. He was
bora in Dublin in 1825, four years before
the passage of the O'Connell emancipa
tion act. His ancestors wi re the
<ri:, rues, chieftains of Wi<klow. and he
was very proud of this fart. After re
ceiving a thorough education he at once
plunged into political affairs, and at the
; .};.■ of 2:; was a participant i:i the Irish
rebellion of 1848. Making his escape, he
came to the United States, locating in
New York City, where lie engaged in
the field of journalism for a few years.
Colonel O'Byrne then bored to Phila
delphia and there studied law in the of
iice of Benjamin F. Brewster, who subse
quently was Attorney General of the
United States. In the year 1864 O'Byrne
took a prominent part in the defense of
the Catholic- people in the Know-Nothing
riots.
When the Civil War broke out he went
to the front for the Union, serving in one
of the Philadelphia regiments commanded
by Colonel Gosland.
About th- year 1870 Colonel O'Byrne
purchased In Urandywine Hundred, a sub
urb of Wilmington, Delaware, a beautiful
and extensive estate, where he lived for
several years. Buying the Weekly Adver
tiser of Wilmington he converted it into
a daily morning paper under the name of
the Herald. This was the first morning
paper in the State of Delaware.
At the request of the Democratic Na
tional Committee Colonel O'Byrne stump
ed the State of New York in the presiden
tial campaign of ISSO for General Hancock.
Hia experience in that campaign led him
to change his residence from Delaware to
New York, where he was soon appointed
assistant to the District Attorney, Hon.
John McKeon. the distinguished anti-
Tammany Judge. Colonel O'Byrne filled
this responsible position with great effi
ciency and success. Owing to failing
health he came to California in 1889, and
was soon recognized as a lawyer of great
ability and an orator of magnetic elo
quence. He was the orator of the day at
the St. Patrick's day celebration in 1S:<O,
and on that occasion delivered a brilliant
and memorable oration.
Colonel O'Bryne— journalist, lawyer, or
ator, soldier, patriot — was a man of schol
arly attainments and great versatility.
He could address a political audience and
deliver a lecture before an astronomical
or geographical society the same even
ing, or engage in the defense of a person
charged with crime. His w:is a m"?t ac
tive life, and he was constantly in the
midst of political excitement. He was,
however, a man wh<> never carried for a
day any malice or revengeful vindictive
ness even against his most aggrtj.-.-iva
and mdHt bitter opponent.
Colonel O'Byrne was a patriotic man
both as an American and as an Irish
man. He was a participant In the fa
mous Fenian movement, and was the
last of the charter members of the cele
brated Philopatrian Society of Philadel
i phla. He also fok an active part in the
i Land league movement, headed by Par
nell.
Colonel O Byrne was a member of the
Knights of St. Patrick, Ancient Order
of Hibernians. Knights of the Red
1 Branch and other Irish societies. He
a widow, four sons and one daugh
! ter. One of his sons is a lawyer In this
city, and another is with the Sixty-ninth
, New Y<>rk Regiment. Th*- daughter Is
j a Visitation Nun in Philadelphia.
TWO SUDDEN DEATHS.
Martin W. Meyerhof , . Grocer, and
Daniel Hutchinson, Milkman, '
the Victims. .■ •| • |
Martin IK. *Meyerhof , proprietor ■ of the *
grocery "at 'the corner of Mason and Geary
streets, fell dead at 6 o'clock yesterday'
morning, while engaged in opening his
place of business. He was 41 years old.
An Inquest will be waived by Coroner
Hawkins, as there is no doubt that heart
disease was the cause of death.
Apoplexy: carried off Daniel Hutchinse*
at 9:45 o'clock yesterday morning, at ms
residence on the southeast corner of
Pierce and Filbert streets. Hutchjnson
was a retired milkman, 65 years old, a
native of Connecticut. There will be no
inquest in his case.
Died From His Injuries.
A. L. Foreman, at one time a celebrated
astronomer of New York, but for the past
fifteen years a resident of this city, died
in St. Luke's Hospital yesterday.
The deceased, who was in his fifty-sec
ond year, received injuries about one year
ago while riding on a Sutro electric car
from which be never fully recovered.
These injuries brought on others of a
Jin. r. • serious nature and he was removed
to the hospital for treatment.
Solano County's Beet Crop.
SUISI'N. Angf. 29.— r.ast spring several
farmers in Solano County decided to test
the adaptability of the soil for raising
sugar beets and about frX) acres were
planted. The harvesting of the beets will
commence next week, and considering
the unusual dry season, the yield will
be better than anticipated.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The number of soldiers on duty in the
Federal army during thecivil war is given
as follows: July 1, IStH, 183.588: January 1,
1562 527.204; January 1. IS>53, 698.902; Jan
uary 1. 1864, 01.360; January 1. IMB, t>2v.i<:M;
May 1. IMS, 7<>7> "
Northern Pacific Railway.
. First-class rate as well as second class re
duced 75 per cent to all points In Montana, Min
nesota and \ the Eastern States. Elegant serv
ice, dining cars on every train. Only line oper
ating through upholstered tourist cars. T. K.
STATELER. G. A.. 63S Market St., S. F.
First and Second
Class lates again reduced vln the Santa F«
route. Call at the new ticket office. 62S Market
. , • ♦ ■ .—. — B&BV
In the Cuban swamps a bottle of Dr. Slegert'a
Angostura Bitters will ■do wonders to keep
your digestive organs in order.
■•■■-' .' - — — ' — *
1 Princess Louise of Sftxe-Coburg-'s cred
itors at Nice, having faileu to make her
father, the Kins of the Belgians, pay her
debts, have attached the trunks and
clothes of her husband. Prince Philip
who is trying to obtain a divorce from
her. - . > -
__J^5Y ER - ISEMEN" S.
Baking Powder
Most healthful
leavener in
the world.
Goes farther.
<l KOTAL HKINO POWDER CO., WIW VOW*.REPUBLICAN
ORATORS IN
CONFERENCE
"Spell-Binders" Who
Will Stump the State.
JOIN HANDS TO ELECT GAGE
TROUBLE IN STORE FOR THE
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
Mr. Maguire Is to Be Informed
That He Must Take Care of
Others Besides the
Gallaghers.
An. eloquent company assembled last
evening in the law offices of General W.
H. L. Barnes. Republican orators who are
known to the masses as "spoil binders"
convened by appointment to meet Henry
T. Gage, the Republican nominee for
Governor, and exchange views with the
Btandard-bearer of the party on the topic
c|f campaign speeches.
/The orators present were: Joseph C.
Campbell, George A. Knight. Van R. Fat
erson, \Y. H. L. Barnes and Judge Car
penter. Some significance is attached to
the fact that two of the eloquent speak
ers are candidates for the United States
Senate to succeed Hon. Stephen M.
White.
The conference was a happy ono
throughout. Before the State convention
met Messrs. Knight, Campbell, Barnes
and Paterson were not advocates of Mr.
Gage's nomination, but iast night they
declared without reservation and with
enthusiasm that the nominee of the
convention should have their earnest, ac
tfve and open support until the ballots
were counted. Every one agreed to take
.the stump and speak for the Republican
clause and the Republican ticket.
. Mr. Gage submitted to them his ideas
or the line of battle, and they made such
suggestions as their judgment dictated.
The utmost good feeling prevailed from
the time the conference convened until it
dissolved.
Mr. Gage will leave San Francisco in
time to reach Los Angeles next Saturday
evening and attend the great home dem
onstration which his neighbors and par
ty friends are preparing in his honor. Be
fore leaving here he will submit the
names of twenty-one men to comprise
the executive committee of the Republi
can State Central Committee. Many of
...imes have been selected, and it was
paid by Mr. Gage last night that the en
tire list would be announced before he
left the city for his home.
When Judge Maguiro returns from the
South to-day he will find awaiting him
tuch a. budget of protests as will cause
him to awake from his dream and come
to a realization of the fact that if he
wishes to be elected Governor he will
have to consider other things than the
promotion of the single tax doctrine and
the betterment of the political condition
(if the members of the Clan Gallagher.
The Immediate cause of the rude awak
ening that awaits the much-pledged Dera
ii,' candidate for Governor is the
proposed personnel of the executive com
mUte-o of the Democratic State Central
O'ommittee. The Gallaghers, the Manns
and the Leggetts have formed a close
corporation and have named Maguire as
the mouthpiece through which is an
nounced the law as regards the conduct
of the present campaign. In this manner
It has been given to the world that tho
executive; commit toe is to be composed of
Gallaghers ana single tax-rs with Selh
Mann at the helm. The men who have
tax years had a voice in the councils of
the "party have waited in vain for a
BumHKHis to the council hall, and now
they propose to interrupt Maguire in the
pleasant occupation of accepting the plat
form and pledi; old party that
can scare up enough money to hire a con
vention hall and impress upon his intel
!•• ■. t the fact of their continued existence.
To sum up the situation in a few words,
the erstwhile leaders of the party demand
recognition and a chance to have Rome
Bay in how the campaign shall be con
ducted In the event of success they want
to .have a hand in distributing patronage
and an opportunity to profit by the <!<■
feat of their political opponents. Being
firm In their convictions they have de
cided to Inform Maguire that unless he
consents to suppress the Gallaghers, over
look the Manns and give the cold shoul
der to the Lc-ggetts and the single tax
doctrine ' they will refuse to shout for
Hutchison, the Populist. Van Dyke, the
renegade Republican, and all the rest of
the motley crew who hail him as their
chief and whose, variegated sentiments he
applauds. These are some of the pleas
ant things that await the coming of Ma
guire, the Democratic nominee for Gov
ernor. _ ...
When Maguire., the Populist nominee
for Governor, returns from his southern
tri-p he will be brought face to face With
a full-grown protest from the handful of
Popuiists who sold their birthright at
Sacramento, in July, and are now reap
ing a rich harvest of regret. The hay-
Beed politicians have been studying Ma
guire's letter accepting the Populist party
platform, and at the same time the nomi
nation .accompanying it. and they have
arrived at the conclusion that the ac
ceptance of the platform was bogus.
They realize, they say, that Mriguire
dodged several of the most important
planks in the platform. They also want
to know what part, if any, they are to
play In the work of directing the cam
paign They propose to demand an ex
planation, and if they do not receive a
satisfactory answer they intenu to Bay
a few unpleasant things to Maguire, the
Populist nominee for Governor.
When Maguire, the Silver Republican
nominee for Governor, returns from his
. visit to Los Angeles he will be agreeably
«=urpri.sed to see th* manner In which tho
OeAocrata are whooping things up for
Hutchison. Maple. McCraaey, Runekel,
Van Dyke, Dryden and J. Aubrey Jones.
YOUNG REPUBLICANS RALLY.
A Rousing Meeting Held in the
Forty-First District.
Lively music and eloquent speeches
were listened to by a large number of
Republicans In Lougheau Hall, 1605 Polk
last night during the initial meet
ing of the Young Men's Independent Re
publican. Club of the Forty-first District.
P. D. Worth, President of the Conti
nental Republican Club, acted as tem
porary chairman, and in a neat speech
introduced Major C W. Kyle as the first
speaker of the evening. The major as
sured his listeners that by voting the Re
publican ticket they were voting fur a
ticket, which had representative citizens
as' candidates, and it was for their good
that they elect them to office. He then
spoke of Henry T. (ingo, the next Gov
ernor of California. The speaker closed
with a eulogy of the Republican candidate
and- told with what veneration he was
held by the people of the south, of his
ability as a lawyer and of his qualities as
a man.
Colonel John H. Roberts was then intro
duced. "We are just starting on a cam
paign," he said. "It is not going to be a
walkover. We are going to have enough
to do. We can only arrive at a .just con
clusion by havinr a knowledge of the
past." He paid his respects to Mr. Ma-
Kuire. and charged him with opposing the
passage of a tax on beer, tobacco, bonds
.and mortgages and stamps on checks as
I'eing hardships on the poor man. and of
) is opposing the annexation of the Ha
walian Islands for fear that an Influx of
Chinese would flow into this country and
revolutionize labor clrc!'
I "hidrnian Worth followed with a short
speech, in which he told the members to
get out and hustle, as there was good
yoilng" mat* rial In the district that needed
cultivation. Mr. Ballard followed in the
same strain.
51. H. Bheppard was elected permanent
chairman of the club and Charles Kend
ricks secretary.
It was stated that Mr. Gage would be in
vited to address the club some time next
month. . »
The Hardtmuth lead pencil is the best in.
the world. Try the Koh-I-Noor. •
THE DEMOCRATS
WILL NOT HOLD
ANY PRIMARY
Followers of Phelan
Afraid of a Contest.
WILL APPOINT DELEGATES
STRUGGLING TO DISRUPT THE
HARNEYITES.
There Are Many Candidetes in the
Field Hoping to Be Struck
by the Political Light
ning Rod.
The suggestion made by the Democratic
State Convention, that a primary election
be held in this city to settle the differ
ences between the Harneyites and the
Sullivan-Phelan-McNab wing of the local
Democracy will nut be accepted. TII9
Phelan-McNab contingent will not meet
the Harneyites in a primary battle. They
are afraid of the result. They believe
that "a bird in the hand is worth two in
the bush," and are not going to take any
chances of losing the bird they now hold.
In other words, McNab and Phelan be
j lieve they now have full control of the
local political machine and consequently
are unwilling to risk the chance of los
ing it.
The Committee of One Hundred will not
call a primary for the election of dele
gates to the municipal nominating con
vention. The Harneyites are only too anx
ious to meet them at a primary, but they
will not be given an opportunity to show
their strength. The leaders of the Com
mittee of One Hundred have decided since
their return from Sacramento that they
have everything to lose by holding a pri
mary. They argue on the line that their
appointed delegates to the State conven
tion were recognized and that the dele
gates they will appoint to that municipal
convention will also be recognized. If
both factions were to go out of existence
and a primary were held to elect dele
gates to the municipal convention and
also elect a new county committee, it is
feared by the Sullivan-Phelan-JUcNab
people that they would be defeated* at the
polls. Under these circumstances they
will ignore the suggestion of the State
convention and appoint a municipal con
vention that will L>e composed of men who
will programme on every office.
The plan of the self-oppointed bosses is
to have a municipal nominating conven
tion of 200 members. The Committee of
One Hundred will form one-half of the
convention and the other 100 will be se
lected by them in about the same manner
as the delegates to the State convention
were chosen. They are of the opinion
that with a majority of the Board of
Election Commissioners to sustain the
programme, they will not experience any
dimeulty in having their nominees placed
,on the ballot as the nominees of the Dem
ocratic party. But to guard against any
break, they are now working on the mem
bers of the Hartley committee of 460. (jilt- I
edge promises of political preferment are j
being made to the vacillating members ]
of the Harney committee to have them
vote to adjourn the Harney committee
sine die.
There is every indication that there will
be a "hot time" in the Democratic camp
next week.- The committees of both fac
tions will meet, and the struggle for su
premacy will commence. The Phelan-
McNab faction feels confident that it will
be able to secure votes enough": to disrupt
the Harney committee. In that event it
will have clear sailing so far as the mat
ter of nominations is concerned. If the
leaders carry out their scheme It is al
most safe to say that the local Demo
cratic ticket will be snowed under on ;
election day. The Harneyites will stand ;
by the State and Congressional ticket, but
will stop there. If the McNab-Phelanltea 1
succeed in disrupting the Harney com- |
mittee they will not be able to weld the
party together again. Not a few of the
Harneyites say that they fought to the |
laat to receive proper recognition, and j
failing in that they will vote the local
Republican ticket rather than submit to
the dictation of the self-appointed bosses.
Neither of the committees will meet be- j
fore the middle of next week, unless there
is a change In the programme. The Har
neyites are awaiting the action of the i
newly appointed State Central Committee,
and are in hopes that it may decide to
take a firm stand in the matter anf
order a primary for the election of dele- |
gates to the municipal convention. In
that event they will be satisfied; other
wise they will give battle to the local
ticket if chosen by an appointed conven-
Mayor Phelan -will be renominated by
his faction for Mayor. lie- would like to
step out, however, and wait until the new
charter goes into effect He would then
run for Mayor and become the boss of the
so-called civil service reform movement if
elected Hut he cannot get out of tne
present struggle. To withdraw wou.d
probably result in the loss of the political
machine a year from now, and he does not
want to lose anything he has on hand
that will aid him in reaching the guber
natorial chair, which he ia looking upon
with jealous eye.
If the Phelan-McNab plan does not fail.
Judges Borden. Seawall and Wallace will
be renominated and the tourth place will
go to cither Frank Murasky or Stephen
V. Coatello.
Senator Mead is out against Public Ad
ministrator Freese for that office, and
Franklin K. Lane and James Gallagher
will contest for the nomination for City
and County Attorney. Gallagher, who be
longs to the Gallagher-Maguire clan, be
lieves that he has the inside track, by
reason of the fact that he now holds the
office, having been appointed by the Su
pervisors when Harry Creswell resigned.
License Collector Bonnet, ex-County
Clerk M. C. Haley and John A. Brown,
a salesman in the employ of J. J. O'Brien
& Co., are mentioned for the Democratic
nomination for County Clerk.
Sheriff Whelan would like another term
in office, and up to date he lias a good
fight on hand for the Democratic nomina
tion.
Tax Collector Block is said to have the
inside track for the Democratic nomina
tion for Assessor, and Eugene N. Dcu
prey is looked upon as the Democratic
slate candidate for District Attorney. If
Block is nominated for Assessor, Hiram
B. Cook, his chief deputy, will probably
carry oft the nomination for Tax Col
lector.
Recorder Tom Glynn is not satisfied
with a four-year term in office and ex
pects to be renominated by the McNab-
Phelanites. Ex-Senato* Thomas Pinder
will try conclusions with him for the
nomination.
The Republican county committee will
meet in the early part of next week and
arrange for a primary to elect delegates
to the municipal convention, which will
convene not later than September 15.
There are quite a number of aspirant*
in the Held for nomination. Ex-Mayor L.
R Kllert, ex-Chief of Police Crowley and
J B Stetson are mentioned in connection
with' the Mayoralty nomination.
William Deane, Henry Martin and Wil
liam Joost are out for County Clerk,
while Leon Jones. Supervisor Ed Smith,
School Director Ed Head, ex-Supervisor
Toe King and Supervisor Morton are in
hopes that the Shrievalty nomination will
f'Lll to them.
John D. Siebe would not refuse another
term in the Assessor's office, but in the
event of the political plum being out of
his reach it is said he will assist James
McNab. a brother of "Whispering
G Vorris Asher. P. A. Bergerot and Dr.
\vYi*h«iiKton Dodge are aspirants for the
nomination for Public Administrator.
T)r Hawkins, who is at present Coro
ner 'i« the strongest candidate thus far
mimed for that office by the Republi-
C<1 M S; rtin Fragley. the well-known Mis
sion liveryman, Is a strong favorite for
"ho Republican nomination for Superin
tendent of Streets. John Tyrrell, at pres
ent i' Deputy Coroner, is In the fight, with
a host of friends backing him up in his
Th-f*xi«xt ten days will more closely de
p ne the local fight and when it is our.
iined th«*re will be many disappointed
office tickers in both parties. <
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 30, 1898.
FINEST AMERICAN STEEL SHIP AFLOAT.
The Erskine M. Phelps, now loading at Baltimore for San Francisco, is American from stem to stern
and from keel to truck. She was launched from the Sewall yards last July, and should arrive here next Feb
ruary. Captain Graham, who is well known nere as master of the W. F. Babcock, will command the new
crack.
COME FROM
ALL DISTRICTS
Minor Offices Causing
Unusual Strife.
CHURCH HAS COMPETITORS
AN ARMY OF ASPIRANTS TO
DISPENSE JUSTICE.
Constables' Fees Also Attract a
Large Number of Candidates
Fusion Appears to Be
in Favor.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
906 Broadway, August 29.
As there appears to be something in the
nature of a slate in connection with coun
ty offices, more interest than usual cen
ters around the district contests in which
it is apparent that so far no programme
exists.
Two Senators, Wo Supervisors, six As
semblymen and a myriad of Justices of
the Peace and Constables all over the
county have to be voted on at the coming
election, and a score of young lawyers
and as many active politicians are after
the nominations.
To succeed Senator Denlson Assembly
man Frank M. Leavitt and District At
torney Snook are the only candidates.
Leavitt conns from the oixth and Snook
from the Fourth Ward. In the latter
ward there are several candidates, but in
the Sixth there are practically none at
this time, and, of course, the smaller
number from any district increases the
chances ot its aspirants. In the Fourth
Ward Will 11. Church is a candidate for
Supervisor to succeed himself. He has a
very strong opponent in Joseph K. Kelly,
and a strong effort is being made by
Church's friends to pull Kelly down with
a promise of support should he run for
the Assembly. Kelly is not listening with
any too willing ear to this promise, and
at present shows no inclination to forego
hiß supervisorial ambition.
Dr. Simpson of Alameda, who some
years ago was prominent in politics, has
once more come forward ajid he also
would like the nomination for Supervisor,
the island being also in Church's district.
Supervisor Talcott is not yet threatened
with any opposition, no one having an
nounced that he Intends to compete with
him for the nomination. Roeth, Mitchell
and Wells hold over.
For tne Assembly nominations there is
much scrambling. In the Fifty-first Dis
trict Howard E. Wright wants to go back
to Sacramento, but William B. Pringle
and ex-Councilman C. G. Dodge are also
anxious to represent the district, and
each is looking around to see what com
binations can be made to further his
chances of success.
The Forty-eighth Assembly District
presents an open fleiu for a fight. Phil
M. Walsh, Frank Burnett, Will Friend
and others have been mentioned, but no
active work has so far been done by any
of them. In the other districts no formal
announcements of candidates have yet
been made, except by A. A. McKeen, who
would like to be the nominee from the
Forty-ninth.
Hut the great struggle for place is on in
the contest for Justices of the Peace of
Oakland Township. Justice Clift Is to re
tire and hopes to be District Attorney,
and for his seat have already appeared a
small army. Constable Cronin was the
first to express his desire to be a Justice,
and alter him came John W. Stetson, who
was nominated four years ago and beaten
by Fred Wood, who ran Independently.
Will D. Powers. A. W. Bishop and Judge
Talcott complete the list, while for city
Justices Harry Pulcifer, Mortimer Smith
and possibly Judge Wood are already in
the field.
There is no lack of candidates for Con
stable of Oakland Township, and it is not
a difficult matter to divine the cause.
Last, year the Constables of Oakland
Township received in fees and mileage
$8354, and this amount does not include all
foes paid for civil business, of which an
enormous quantity Is done in that court.
J. C. Williamson, W. J. Downing and Ed
AV'i'ller have so far put their names for
ward, and as Constable Cronin is after
another job. two of these three will prob
ably be elected.
In a few days it is expected that some
thing will be done by the Democrats and
Populists looking toward the naming of a
county ticket. It is almost certain that
the county will follow the example of the
State and adopt a fusion platform and
programme.
WILL SUPPORT THE TICKET.
There was a meeting of the Young
Men's Republican Club of the Forty-sec
ond Assembly District last evening, at
Turn Verein Hall, the object being to per
fect a strong organization so as to pre
sent a solid front on election day In the
interest of Henry T. Gage, and also to
father the candidacy of J. J. McCarthy
for Assemblyman from the Forty-second
District. The meeting was called to order
by R S. Glaze, who, after stating the ob
ject of the meeting. Invited the members
to present names for their consideration
to act as officers of the club during the
campaign. The following were elected:
R. 8. Glaze, president; Thomas Rothen
berger, vice president; Henry Kelling, re
cording secretary; Charles Birdsall, ser
geant-at-arms. The following executive
committee was appointed by the chair:
Peter L.earch, J. Gilbert, Charles Jami
son John Flaherty and J. T. Harding.
Mr McCarthy, in an address, advised the
members to proffer their services to the
State Central Committee to act as watch
ers during the count on the evening of
election day. and to stay at their post of
duty until the last ticket was counted and
recorded, so as to prevent a repetition of
that political treachery that took place in
some of the districts during the last gu
bernatorial contest.
A CRACK STEEL
SAILING SHIP
The E. M. Phelps the
Best in Her Class.
IS AMERICAN THROUGHOUT
WILL RUN BETWEEN NEW YORK
AND SAN FRANCISCO.
To Load at Baltimore for This Port.
Captain Graham Will Bring
Her Out on Her Maiden
Voyage.
The finest sailing vessel ever built in
America will shortly arrive in San Fran
cisco on her maiden voyage.
The new four-mast ed steel ship Erskine
M. Phelps, built of American material
from stem to stern and from keel to
truck, is now being completed at Bath,
Me. When everything is ready she will
go to Baltimore and there load for thia
port. Her dimensions are: length over
all, 330 feet; length on deep load line, 312
feet; breadth, 40 feet 2 Inches; depth, 25
feet 6 inches. Her gross tonnage is 3000
tons and she has a dead weight carrying
capacity of 4600 tons. The masts average
about 200 feet in height above keelson.
They are 32 inches in diameter in the
partners and 26 inches at heel. The lower
yards are 94 feet long; lower topsail, 86
feet 6 incht-s; upper topsail, 78 feet; top
gallant, 65 feet; royal, 55 feet; and skysail
yards, 46 feet. The bowsprit is uinw of
steel, 6S feet in length.
The ship has two decks and four
hatches, two of the latter being 12x16 feet
and the remaining two Bx6 feet.
The forward deck house is of steel 46
feet long by IS feet wide, In the forward
portion of which is the sailors' cabin,
well lighted and ventilated, with facilities
for heating in cold weather. The rest of
the forward house is devoted to the gal
ley, donkey engine room and coal bunker
of 7 tons capacity. In the midship house,
also of steel, 26x18 feet, is the carpenter's
Shop and six rooms for the petty officers.
Aft under the poop-deck is the commo
dious cabin, tho home of the captain and
his officers, 48 feet long and 38 feet wide,
extending the entire width of the ship.
Those quarters are excellently lighted by
skylights.
In the forward cabin is the dining sa
loon, and aft of this is the main p.i
loon, tastefully finished in white, china
glossed. The captain's apartment, offi
cers' staterooms, steward's pantry, bath
rooms and lavatories are on this deck
and immediately adjoining the saloon.
A stairway leads to a spacious steel
chart house, 14x16 feet, on the upper or
quarter deck, Wi^ numerous side ports
affording abundant light and ventilation.
Here are ample lounging facilities for
passengers or officers when off duty. Aft
of the chart house is the Bteel wheel
house, 10x14 feet.
The ship is supplied with all modern im
provements, including steam pumps and
hose for washing decks or In case of fire.
A steam winch is supplied with two port
able cranes to weigh anchors with, and a
steam capstan is forward and two hand
capstans aft. The bulwarks of the ship
are "stiffened" every four feet with round
iron braces two and one-half inches in di
ameter. Forward are two imported light
houses In which are the sidelights re
quired by law.
The Erskine M. Phelps was built by
Arthur So wall & Co., of Bath, ivlaine, the
well-known builders of the ships Rappa
hannock, Shenandoah (now on her way
to San Francisco), Susquehanna, Roan
oke (the largest wooden merchant vessel
afloat) and the steel ship Dirigo, launch
ed in March, ISM. Arthur Sewall, the
senior member of the firm, was the late
Vice-Presidential candidate on tho Dem
ocratic ticket.
Erskino M. Phelps, for whom the ship
is named, is one of the best known of
Chicago's merchant princes. He is a
prominent member of tho National
Democratic Committee, and during the
recent campaign was one of Mr. Sewall's
strongest supporters.
Captain Robert J. Graham, who will
command the new vessel, is one of the
most popular masters that come to this
port He is an old navigator, and a very
clever business man. When last here
Captain Graham was in command of the
ship W F. Babcock. and was accompanied
by his wife and little daughter, Gladys.
Mrs Graham was one of tmt belles of
Berkeley, and her many friends will be
glad to hear of Captain Graham's pro
motion to the command of one of the
finest sailing vessels afloat.
Captain Graham went to sea when he
was 15 years old in the Bath ship Idle
Lily and gradually worked his way
up in the Sewall employ until he was
master of the ship Reuce. Two years
ago he was given command of the Bab
cock, and now he has been transferred
to the Phelps.
CAUGHT IN THE ACT.
Two Pickpockets Arrested on a
Mission Street Car by the
Harbor Police.
For weeks past the harbor police have
been trying to break up a ganr- of pick
pockets that has made the new ferry
depot its stamping ground. Several ar
rests have been made at different times
and Sunday night Officers Shaw and Bills
locked up Walter Nagle and Frank Wall,
who they think are the last of the band.
It was about 8:30 p. m. and the assengers
by an incoming ferry boat were crowding
into the cars. The policemen had been
watching Wall and Nagle and when they
caw them rush for a Mission-street car
they followed. Wall got on at one end
and in the crush put his hand in a wo
man's pocket, so the officers say. Nagle
got on at the other end but was not
caught In any overt act. Both men
wore placed under arrest. Nagle was and
is a clerk for C. E. Whitney & Co.. pro
duce merchants, 110 Davis street. Nagle's
employes refuse to believe the story told
by the police, and say that for the ; two
years and a half Nagle has been in their
employ he has been sober, honest and in
dustrious. They insist that there is a
mistake somewhere.
Wall was charged with vagrancy at the
City Prison yesterday and released on $100
cash bail. The Nagle case is still in abey-
ance.
The river steamer H. J. Corcoran sus
tained some slight damage when she
came off the drydock yesterday. When
the strain came one of her hog chains
snapped and the other soon followed suit.
The damage will be repaired in a few
hours and the steamer will not be delayed
by the accident.
Pacific-street wharf is back to its old
condition once more and the officers of
the Oceanic Steamship Company are de
lighted. The steamer Australia has got
rid of all the bunks and paraphernalia
that were put in to make her into a
troopship and will ho once again a first
class passenger steamer before she goes
out next Thursday. Chief Steward Pen
field and his assistants have worked won
ders during the last few days, and the
big steamer is once more beginning to
look like herself.
All the vessels of the fleet from Aus
tralia and the Islands are making long
passages. The bark R. P. Rithet that got
in yesterday was thirty-one days and the
schooner Transit was twenty-nine days
from Honolulu. The bark George F.
Manson is now out US days from Sydney,
and 20 per cent reinsurance has been paid
on her, but the chances are that, like
all the others, she is detained by light
winds and calms.
A TIMELY WARNING
TO BOXING CLUBS
FI3HTERS MUST BE IN CONDI
TION AND FLOORS PADDED.
Captain Gillen Refused the Hartford
Club Permission to Carry Out
Its Programme.
The so-called Hartford Boxing Club
pave an entertainment last evening: In a
tire trap on Hartford street.
The ring in which the exponents of the
manly art appeared was several feet less
than the regulation size and the padding
consisted of a cheap blanket.
Sergeant G. B. Griffiths allowed a few
preliminaries as a means or expenmt
but when his good judgment convinced
him that a heavy fall might bo the means
of a death in the family of untrained
sloggers he reported progress to Captain
James W. Gillen; who ordered the festivi
ties to come to a speedy conclusion so as
to avoid possible accident. The directors
of the club were nonplused at the orders
of the captain, but the few prominent
sportsmen who were in attendance eulo
gized the official for his timely Interfer
ence, and they did not hesitate to say
that the captains of the various districts
where hippodrome boxing contests were
held should emulate Captain Gillen s ex
ample and save the lives of poorly condi
tioned boxers by putting a stop to alleged
fistic entertainments.
Mushroom club boxing contests- are or
ganized solely in the interest of a few
rock-rolling politicians who live on the
proceeds of the entertainments to which
they charge an admission fee. The man
agers engage the cheapest fistic < talent
obtainable and as a result some unfortun
ate fellow who is anxious for a cheap rep
utation falls into a trap which may
cause his death.
Had a fire occurred last evening in the
Hartford Club scrapping trap there was
no means of exit < excepting through a
hole-in-the-wall which admitted but one
person at a time. .'"••"■ *
Captain Gillen is certainly deserving of
recognition for the stand he has taken In
obliterating these so-called boxing clubs,
whose existence is of only one month's
'rhe contests of the Hartford Club con
sisted of a four-round bout between Jim
Little and Tom O'Leary and a two round
contest between Myers and Sweeney,
which contests were very uninteresting.
IMPORTANT TO DRUGGISTS.
Must Furnish Sworn Statements
Without Delay to the Col
lector.
Collector Lynch received from the Sec
retary of the Treasury yesterday a cir
cular of considerable importance to drug
gists and manufacturers. It is as follows:
in view of the fact that in many cases drug
cists and other dealers In articles subject to
internal revenue tax under schedule B, act of
June 13 1898, were unable to procure the nec
e-^iry revenue stamps for such articles on
hand July 1 IS9S, collectors of internal revenue
will at once notify all such druggists and deal
ers that a sworn Ftatement of all such sales
of unstamped articles made by them on and
after that date should be furnished without de
lay setting forth the dates on which such
sales were made, the quantity (bottles, pack
a*es etc ) so sold and the retail value thereof.
ifoon receipt of the statements so furnished
the tax found to be due will be -reported on
form 23. for assessment.
The penalties imposed by section 20 of the
act named for selling or removing for con
sumption or sale any articles above referred
to without the payment of the tax due will
be enforced In all ciises where the statement
herein required is not furnished with thirty
days from date.
Lurline Salt Water Batha.
Bush, Parkin sts. ; swimming:, Russian, hot &
cold tub baths; salt water direct from ocean.
In the Divorce Courts.
Eva D. Minnear was granted a divorce
from John J. Minear yesterday on the
eTound of infledelity. Rebecca Clinton
was granted a divorce from William J.
Clinton on the ground of cruelty. Divorces
on the ground of desertion were granted
Ella Leonard from Joseph B. Leonard
and Jennie R. Cunningham from Robert
S. Cunningham. _
Ladies' tailor-i. de suits; latest designs; wo
give credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Sutter. r. 8 ft 7.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday. August 29.
Schr Defender, Hellingeen, 31 days frm Hllo.
Schr La Chilena, Matsen, 9 hours from Fort
ROM - SAILED.
Monday, August 29.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen. Fort Bragg.
FORKIGN PORTS.
SYDNEY. NSW— Sailed Aug 29— Stmr Ala
meda, for San Francisco.
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Seal Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With Any of the Following Firms Please Mention "The Ca'.L"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE. |
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
firtlstlc Furniture and flrt Ware Importers, i
117 SUTTER STREET.
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
UrV7A CDDIVfi Proprietor. Send for m*M-
MfclliU JIKIPIU re blanks. U. S. Commb-
■lon. 9 Geary »t.. 8. F.
ARTISTIC FURNITURE.
rrMl7 & crKIVTIT CD Bank. Office and Saloon
FINK & StnlMlLbK, Fittings. 130* Market
st Telephone South ?67. '
AUCTIONEERS.
Live Btock FIT lID &■ f A « Montgomery St..
Auctioneers. KlLLlf ft LU- San Francisco.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WM CrHnCWIVH BWpplng trade supplied.
Witt' atllUllNlnUj 636 Broadway street.
BELTING.
I P IIFfiFN Manufacturer of Beltlns»n<S
L. r. IICUCn, Lace Leather, 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BICYCLES.
'98 Model Cleveland Bicycles
Ben for *60. $65 and $76. Crescent*, la Men's
and Ladles' |J5. Second-hand Wheel*. $10 and
op. LEAVITT * BILL. 803 Laxkln street.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Office and Works— MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO MEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox. Supt H. rtlytn. Mgr.
C. W. Smith. Ship Plum bine. Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty. 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
DENTIST.
PR- C V • RICHARDS, SE. ; corner Kearny.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & CO, ss s 0 rs n t 3 d . a^. s Ji?aYn n i
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SON.
407-109 Montgomery st
Capita! Represented over n4.C00.00t
FLOUR.
MITTAVIf Flour Mills. 'J. Martenstein & Co.
fIAIIUFIAL SW. cor. Battery and Pacific sts.
. FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lie BOYES & CO., Shipping Butcher*. IDS
JAS- B0 IE31 E3 ff Ul., Say: -TeL. Mala. lm.
FURS.
1 n VATAITD Furrier, all work guaranteed.
All- &UvULK 5Vj Kearny St.. upstairs.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO.. 11l Larkln sti. 8. T.
•Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers or all
kinds of Harness and dealers In Buggies.
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or write
: AMUSiIIiLNTS.
Corner of Eddy and Jones sts. . Reached by
every car; line in the city. -. ■ ■- .<
Grand opening of the most beautiful, , thor-
oughly equipped and comfortable vaudeville
theater in America! Saturday evening, Sep- j
tomber 3. greatest aggregation of star attrac-
tions in the history of vaudeville. - Mr. and
Mr« Sydney Drew, "When Two Hearts Are ;.
Won"; world's greatest operatic barytone. Slg-
nor Del Puente; peerless queen of Burlesque, '
the charming Corinne: Gotham's elite society
entertainer. Mr. William Josh Daly; the fa-
mous French Illusionist. Monsieur de \llllers;
musical and eccentric clowns. Deltorflll Broth-
ers- the young and artistic entertainers. Pow-
ers' and Hyde; the famous acrobatic come-
dians the Three Rossis: the past masters of;
colored comedy, Mr. and Mrs. Tom Melntosh'. ;
Reserved seats, 25c: opera chairs and box
seats, 50c: belle stage boxes, holding six per- I
sons, $4; Matinee prices. 25c; Children, 10c; all;
over. the house. ■ ■ •"
SEATS NOW ON SALE. Box office open !
from 9a. m. to 10 p. m. Telephone 'South 435. :
Tickets can be reserved In advance without >
extra charge. .
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling^Proprietor and Manager.
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT; also Thursday and Sunday even-
Ings and special Saturday matinee. GRAND
DOUBLE BILL,
"PAGLUCCI" vi "CAVALLEBIA RUBTICANA."
TO-MORROW; also Friday and Saturday
evenings. Ambrolse Thomas' romantic opera,
"TVUGINOIN."
Next Week— Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday. "RIGOLETTO." Tuesday. Thurs-
day Sunday evenings, special Saturday mati-
nee. "LUCRETIA BORGIA."
Popular Prices. 25c and 50. N. B.— A re-
served seat for the matinee, 25c. Our tele-
phone. Bush 9.
ALCAZAR "£SSr
"THE NEW 6TOCK A HIT."
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE BUTTERFLIES I
Henry Ouy Carleton's Comedy.
Seats— lsc. 25c, 35e. 50c.
Next Week THE FIRST BORN
LADIES' SOCIETIES' DAY AT
IRISH FAIR!
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
Doors open 1:30 to 6:30 and 7:30 to 10:30 p. m.
SPECIAL LADIES' MATINEE.
Irish Fair Harps and Shamrock Spoons to la-
dies purchasing tickets at the box office this
afternoon only. Each spoon packed in sepa-
rate case, beautifully engraved, and all who re-
ceived them before are delighted with them.
Entertainment this afternoon for the ladles
and children by Mrs. L. Bonn's Dancing
Classes: Professor Henry, the world famous
magician; Gleradl, the harpist, Mrs. Tully
and the dancing Geisha Girls, Punch and Judy
and other attractions.
Bennett's Band and Concert afternoon and
night. To-night, Ladles' Societies by special
Invitation.
FUTURE SPECIAL EVENTS.
To-morrow, August 31— Ancient Order Hiber-
nians and friends. Divisions present in bodies
at night. Extra musio, extra entertainments
and addresses. Don't miss it. Thursday, Sep-
tember I— Ulster Province day. Friday Septem-
ber 2 — League of the Cross. Saturday Septem-
ber B— Baby Show in the afternoon; Governor's
reception at night; also Scottish night; gather-
Ing of the clans.
In the Art Gallery and Theater to-night Mrs.
Ludlam's Dramatic School, Comedies. Dramas
and Classical Poslngs; beautiful entertainment.
Greatest collection of paintings ever exhibited
In San Francisco, under the direction of Mrs.
A M. McCluskey.
The real old sod and earth from the land of
Emmet, Wolfe Tone, St. Patrick and those who
are famous In song and story in Irish history
arranged as a map of Ireland, showing all of
the 32 counties, the 4 pro\'lnces, the McKlnley
Homestead, the various cities, the bodies of
water surrounding Ireland. All explained by
competent guides and in charge of the charm-
Everybody Goes Where the Shamrock Grows.
The Map of Ireland, Blarney Castle and the
Irish Dancing School are the three big features
of the Irish Fair.
But one admission. Price 25c, children 10c.
~SUTROMBAT HS ~
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m.
ADMISSION lOc - - - - CHILDREN So
Bathing, with admission, 25c; children, 20c.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co., lmporters & Dealers
*in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
All lift Hunters' Equipments, Fishing
lallNx Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. Send
UUIIIJ for catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVE.
WWiiW 739 Market street. . ;
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton & Hedley. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS. 136 Butter St..
San Franclai-Q. Telephone Main 917.
. MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture blankets, Casslmeres, Tweeds and
Flannels, 535 Market St., San Francisco, Cal. .
Goods for sale at all leading dry goods stores.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital. $4,000,000.
BTZ & CO.. Agents.
.. . . ;■••-•." 101 California st.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THE PEDNHIDn Mattress Co.. 641 Mission
IDC nCnPIuAKU st. Telephone Main 1674.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTP pulp AND PAPER CO..
IYILLMmCI I L 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock. :
PIANO and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
18 and 80 OTarrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairer*. |
PRINTING.
EC HU(jirlEo>sll PRINTER,
• W- II U VIIII— O> 511 Sansome street.
REAL ESTATE. ;
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery st. .
SEWING MACHINES.
"nfIIICCTIP" Pre-eminently the machine for
UUmLU IIU family use. 1021 Market, nr. 6th.
SOAP.
GD I FTCV * Til 123 California street,
, X, LUwI CL tU,, room 37. Tel. Main 1661.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te £ff e a r c PARTRIDGE ggggfc
THE ffICKS-JUDD CO-, ;SSSSy nßa£tn B a£t n
TARTAR WORKS.
f* ALIFORM A TARTAR WORKS.
G. Do LATOUR, Managep.
Office SIS Front Street. San Francisco.
WAGONS : AND TRUCKS.
HENRY B. SCHINDLER. manufacturer ot
carriages, buggies, etc. repairing don« in-
first-class style at fair prices for good work.
128 Spear St.: tel. Main 295.
WALLPAPER.
WALLPAPER— Wholesale ' and retail send for
samples, stating about quality and color, to
JAS. DUFFY CO.. 928-930 Howard St.. .■*. V.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Public Weigher*.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses.
General nee, 210 California at. Tel. Main Hit.
WATCHES, ETC.
TI IT VII V Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LUnill) full 18-k. Wedding Rings. 4 3d st.
: AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
" ANOTHER* ATTRACTIVE SUCCESS,
r All this week— Matinee Saturday.
Charles ■ Frohman Presents,
MR. HENRY MILLER
In the Modern Comedy by G. Stuart Ogilvie.
"THE MASTER."
Next Week— Mr. Miller in "A Marriage of Con-
venience." Special "Heartsease" Matinee
Wednesday, September 7.
Next Attraction— "MODJESKA." _.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LAST WEEK BUT ONE.
The FRAWLEY COMPANY.
Presenting . the Famous Madison Square Com-
. . edy Success,
"THE RAJAH,"
A rerfect gem of the old school. Next week—
Au revclr rf the Frawleys. -
Coming— "A MILK WHITE FLAG."
9 NEW VAUDEVILLE STARS "!-9:
BARNEY FAGAN & HENRIETTA ; BYRON.
In a Potpourri of Up-to-Date Comedy. (
CHAS. T. ALDRICH. Eccentric Juggler.
SADI, Russian Acrobatic . Marvel,
THE PASQUALIS, Operatic Stars.
CHAS. BYRON, Animal King. .
THE BIOGRAPH, New War Scenes.
Last Week of the THREE GREAT HEGEL-
MANNS.
CHAS. CASE, McBRIDE & GOODRICH.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chairs
'. ■ and Box Seats, 50c. .
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
PROMO'S GRAND
Waltkk Mortosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
POPULAR PRICES" Telephone Main 532
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and sOc.
Family Circle and Gallery, ... lOc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
WEEK OF AUGUST 29. .
First Production of the American Version of
Frank Harvey's Great Melodrama
FALLEN
AMONG THIEVES!
Author of "Wages of Sin," "Woman Against
Woman,*', "Shall We Forgive Her," Etc. • ..
Great Diving Scene From Harlem High Bridge.
Startling Effects— Magnificent Scenery— Aug-
.-- :j:,'-- .-,•.-.•■ . mented Cast. '■'-.:' ■_.- ..' '.■: ■:'
NEW COMEDY THEATER
(Formerly the • Popular Bush.) ■. '■
. The Handsomest Playhouse in This City. .
Direction . . .. . .'. . ".. .. ....."• .... . .M. B. LEAVITT
Resident Manager ....ALF. ELLINGHOUSE
*"■ GRAND OPENING "-.%■
• FRIDAY EVENING. SEPTEMBER 2.
First appearance in this city of the
PACHECO COMEDY COMPANY, '{
Under' the management of HORACE WALL.
In MRS. .: PACHECO' S New Comedy, Entitled
"THE LEADING MAN,"
' Presented ; by a ' company ■ of ■• superior excel-
lence : under the direction .of ; Mrs. , Pacheco. :
Evening prices— lsc, ; 25c, 1 35c, 50c ; and 75c.
- Matinees Wednesday ■; ar.d ' Saturday." ' Prices-
25c, 35c and 75c. ; Seats now selling. ;
. Comedy Theater. Phone. 328 Main. '.-. Branch
i Otflce. 710 Market st. ; phone 939 Main.
; In active preparation— "WOMAN'S WIT."
CHUTES AND ZOO. *
. A" MATINEE > EVERY DAY!
VISIT THE C AMUR A OBSC UR A.
LARGEST AND MOST ■■■ PERFECT EVER
BUILT— AFTERNOONS ONLY 1 , i. '
GREAT SHOW IN THE FREE 1 THEATER. ,
- Great Hit of the THREE DE NOVAS I
■ LAST WEEK '■ OF CANNON.
f SEE THE THREE BABY LIONS
AND AN AUSTRALIAN CARPET SNAKES .
. ..i, ••,'■•". • • v, IN THE ZOO.--.- > * ■-<. -•
10c. Including Zoo and Theater: children. sc.
VIIDII Eddy. : cor. Mason— GREAT .■'■. BILL ;
ULlillriAoF EASTERN STARS! TRIXEDO:
EL NINO EDDY; KELLY & VIOLET; DAR-
RELL - & MILLER: i- ROCKWELL; ROYCB
SISTERS, "- and ; others. Admission . Free.
_ Matinee Sunday. >- -. '.. ' V ..
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver off again.
Wheat futures advanced.
Barley dull. c
Other rerenls unchanged.
Flour weak. '
Enormous receipts of Hay.
Beans weak and dull.
Old Hops well cleaned up.
■ Potatoes and Vegetables about the same.
Butter dragging. „
•No change !n Cheese and Eggs.
A car of Eastern Poultry in.
Pears and Plums steady. Peaches higher.
Figs, Grapes un>l Melons dull and weak.
Lemons weak, l.imes scarce.
Dried Pr&ltS open.-', the week dull.
Nothing new in Provisions.
Wool and Hides unchanged.
Hops weakening iigain.
ONR CANNED GOODS ABROAD.
The fruit market continues bare of supplies,
and prices remain high, says the London Gro
cers' Gazette of August 13. A shipment of
over' 16,000 cases has just arrived at Liverpool
per Marlborough Hill, and they were all taken
up and distributed immediately on arrival.
No better reports are to hand from the other
side, and it is stated that packers ixrr paying
forfeit on ;i considerable portion of their con
tracts. Apricots are reported very scarce.
The Salmon market in <iuiet but prices are
unchanged. Reports from the other side speak
of the fishing as being of very unsatisfactory
character, and in consequence of packers re
fraining from selling this season's goods, the
tone of the market has been strengthened, the
few parcels that were offering at easy rates
having been withdrawn. It Is also tinted that
dealers who are not well supplied with stocks
are commencing to buy from those who are
willing to resell on the market. The supply of
half-pound tins is almost exhausted. The Dun
nerdale brought 7465 cases and the Marl
borough Hill and the Caiiforntar. 6616 and 500
cases respectively, the two last named to L'.v
.erpool.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 28. 5 p. m.
• The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka. 62; Red Bluff. S2; Sacramento, 74;
Fresno, 90; San Luis Obispo. 90; Independence,
• 74; Los Angeles, S6; San Diego, 76; Yuma. 9S.
WEATHER CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
65; minimum, £6; mean, 60.
•A trouu-h-like area of low . pressure extends .
from the British possessions southward over
the plateau region to Mexico, the lowest pres- j
sure being reported from Southeastern Califor
nia. The pressure is highest off the coast of
Northern California. The barometer is rising
rapidly over Northern California and Oregon.
The temperature has fallen in all district ex
" cept Southeastern California. Over the inte
rior of Northern California, Nevada. Utah,
Oregon and Eastern Washington the fail has
been Xrom 10 to 30 degrees, the greatest fall
being in Oregon and Southeastern Washlng
•ton. V.*.. BSSBBE
The weather is cloudy over Washington. Ore
ton, Idaho. Utah, Nevada and Northern Ari
. . zona. Rain has fallen quite generally over
Oregon, Nevada, Utah and Idaho, the great
est amount being .62 of an Inch at Roseburg.
Thunderstorms are reported at many stations.
High winds are reported from Carson City
and Spokane.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
■ hours ending midnight, August 30, 1898:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday; brisk
f. .- northwest wind.
'-, Southern California— Fair Tuesday; fresh
west win!.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Tuesday, probably
thunderstorms early Tuesday morning.
■ Utah— Cloudy and threatening Tuesday with
thunderstorms in the mountains.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Tuesday with thun
derstorms in the mountains.
San Francisco and Vicinity— Fair except
partly cloudy Tuesday morning; brisk west
wind. '"■•->- , .
Special from Mt. Tamalpals— Foggy, wind
southwest 15 miles, temperature 54, maximum
temperature 35. q r Ohatrvtr .
- G. H. WILLSON, Observer.
FASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
' XEW YORK. Aug. 29.— Prices of stocks broke
sharply to-day and showed depression through
out. ' The first rally showed considerable vigor.
but later in the day the recuperative power of
the market became feebler and the close was
barely steady at slightly above the lowest. Net
losses ranged from 1 to 2 points in leading
Btocks. There was a growing disposition to ]
realize profits both by professional traders and
by "outside" holders. The latter was shown by
the stead ' stream of selling orders that came
from the commission houses all day. Pro
fessional traders quite generally took that side
of the market and the bears sold with grow
ing confidence, the demand to cover at the
close being very light, even with the sub
stantial reduction of prices. There is evidently
a large growth of the powerful trading ele
ment, which has lightened its holding of stocks
and is anxious for lower prices to buy back
again. There was palpable manipulation at
the opening to fix a low level for prices. In
some of the leading stocks the opening was
about the lowest of the day. Others held quite
firmly for the rest of the day's session, but
eventually yielded to the persistent demon
stration of the bears in other stocks. Buy-
Ing for London account was a distinctive fac
tor in the firmness in a number of international
favorites. There was a steady absorption of
stocks at the decline, which was especially
marked in Burlington and St. Paul. This
seemed to be the result of buying orders below
tne level of the market for trader's account as
■well as from commission houses. The same
thing was evident in the Pacifies and other
■stocks here and throughout the list. The ten
dency to sell was undoubtedly due to the pros
pects of tight money. The minimum rate for
call loans was held at 2 per cent and 3 per cent
was paid in some cases.
The London money market was marked up
a. sharp fraction to-day and there was buying
of gold in the open market there, said to bo
for shipment to New York. No engagement
was announced, however, In Wall street. The
poor rates fur money caused a depression in
the bond market even more acute than that in
stocks. Some of the speculative bonds that
have been recent favorites showed marked re
actions end heaviness predominated In all is
sues. Total sales, $3,725,000.
United States Ba, when, issued, declined %
per cent In the bid price and % per cent on
actual transactions. The new 4s, coupon, sold
at 126%, a decline of % per cent, but the clos
ing bids, except for the 3s, were unchane-Pd.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 472,900
shares, including 16,590 Atchison, 20,410 Bur
lington, 340<> Denver and Rio Grande, 9G35 L &
N., 10,806 Manhattan, 49.380 Northern Pacific,
17,343 do preferred, 11,240 Rock Island, 32,510
Union Pacific, 57,935 St. Paul, 11,738 Southern
preferred, 4400 Texas and Pacific, 34.450 Union
Pacific preferred, 3773 Wabash preferred, 4540
Cotton Oil, 9730 Tobacco, 6540 Chicago Great
■Western. 16,826 People's Gas, 4925 Illinois Steel,
25,160 Sugar, 5720 Leather preferred, 8315 Rub
ber, 0690 Minnesota Iron.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 13% St P M & M 168
Do prefd 36 So Pacific 22
Bft O(lst ast pd) 22 So Hallway 9%
Can Pacific £5 Do prefd 35%
Can Southern .... 53% Texas & Pacific... 15%
Central Pacific ... 20 Union Pacific ... 32%
Ches & Ohio 23% Do prefd 66%
Chi & Alton 159 U P D& G ... . 5
Chi, B & Q.. 117* Wabash ......... 6%
Chi & E 111 60% Do prefd 21%
C C C & St L.... 42% Wheel & I, E (3d
Do prefd SS assessment pd). 2%
Del & Hudson ... 108% ,Do prefd (d 0)... 14%
Del,. L & W .. 1.",!', Express Companies —
Den & Rio G 14 Vi Adams Ex. 108
Do prefd 55% American Ex 130
Erie (new) 14% United States .... 41
Do Ist prefd 35% Wells-Fargo 120
Fort Wayne 171 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor prpfd 135% A Cot Oil 36%
Hocking Val 5 Do prefd 87
Illinois Cent ..... 111% Amer Spirits . 13%
Lake Erie & W.. is Do prefd ........ 39%
Do prefd 74% Amer Tobacco ... 143
Lake Shore . ...162% Do prefd 132
Louis & Nash 68% People's Gas ..... 104%
Manhattan L 98 ■ Cons Gas 187%
Met St Ry. ...163 Com Cable C 0.... 170
Mich Cent 107% Col F & Iron 23%
Minn & St L Si Do prefd 90
Do Ist prefd.... 8!)% Gen Electric 40%
Mo Pacific 36V4 Illinois Steel 70%
Mobile & Ohio ... 28%]Laclede Gas ..... BOIL
Mo. X & T. 12 Lead 37%
. Donrefd 36 Do prefd ........ 110%
Chi, Ind & L..... 5% Nat Lin 0i1 ....... C%
Do prefd 30 Haw Com Co 26%
N J Central f .i 2% Pacific Mail 33%
N V Central 118% Pullman Pal ..... 184
NY, Chi &St L. 14 Silver Certificates 59%
Do Ist prefd 68 Stan Rope & T... 8
Do 2d prefd .... 34 Sugar 142%
Nor"West .'. 15% Do prefd 114%
No Amer Co 6% T C & Iron '..31
No Pacific 39 I" S Leather ..... 7%
Do prefd 76% Do pr<-M 72%
Ontario & W 10% U S Rubber ..... 43%
Or It & Nay C 9% Do prefd 103%
Or Short Line .... 35% j West Union 94%
Pittsburg 169 '<; N "W 134%
Reading 18% Do prefd 175-
Rock Island 104% St L& S W....... 0%
St L & S F 8% Do prefd ........ 12%
Do Ist prefd fiß% B Q W 26
Do 2d prefd. .1... 33% Do prefd 68
St Paul 112% C.-G-W. 17
Do prefd 154 Brooklyn T ....... 64
Pac Coast Ist pfd. 84 Reading Ist pfd.. 44%
" Do 2d ........... 64% Minn "Iron 97%
C & E I prefd... 10S% Int Paper ......... 58
St P & Om 84 i Do prefd 90
Do prefd ..153%
CLOSING i BONDS. 
I' S new reg.. 12S N. 7 Cent 5s 114
Do coup 128 Nor Car C 5. ....... 129
I' s 4* 112 Do 4s ............ 103
Do coup 112% No Pac 15t5....... 112%
Do 2ds 98 Do 35.. 6S
f:S Es re 5......... 113 I Do 45.............. 100%
Do 5s c0up.... 7. 113 N V C « l i St L 4s. 107
District 3; 655;... 11l Kor * W 65;..... . 122
Ala Class: A .;.. 103 Nortliwetstern Con 143
Do B ;.■.-:....... 100 ' ! Do deb Cfl ....... 119
Do C 90 Or Nay Ists ...... 114
" D.i currency .... 90- iOr Nay 4s ...;..: 100%
Atchison 4s 94%|i0 S Line 6s. tr.. 127
Do adj 45........ 72 O S Line Ds. tr.... 10S
Can So 2ds.. 10»S.VPac Ca_ of '95 W2J4
Chicago T 4s SO i Reading 4s *2%
C & Ohio 5s 115% R G lsts M
C. H & D 4%5.... 104** St L & I M ConSa BB}4
D & R G 1M5.... UlViiS LiSFGn 6s. 120%
D &R G 4s. 98VSt P Con ......... 156y 2
East Term lsts.... 105% St P C & P Ist*. 120
Erie Gen '4s 7»vi! Do 5s H'Vi
F W & D lsts.tr. 77 So Ry 5s 88
Gen Elec 5s 10S'«.iStan R & T 65... <8
G H& S A 65.... 105 Term new set 35.. M
Do 2ds 103 Tex Pac L O lsts. 107
H & T C 5s 11l Do rg 2ds 47%
Do con 6s 112 I Union Pac 4s 98%
lowa C lsts. 104% UP D & GlMsts 76%
La new cons 45... 103 Wab Ist 5s 111%
L & N Unl 4s 90 ! Do 2ds 89
Missouri 6s 100 !.W! .W Shore 4s ...... 109
M X & T 2ds 63% Va Centuries 7.. 1
Do 4s SOU. Do deferred 9
N V Cent lsts.... 116 " Wis Cent lsts 53%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 0?' Ontario 3 6°,
Crown Point 10 Ophir «
Con Cal & Va.... SO Plymouth if
Deadwood 25 Quicksilver 1 gj
Gould & Curry.-.. 10 Do rrefd 3 :>0
Hale A Noreross. 75 Sierra Nevada ... 48
Homestake 45 00 1 Standard 1 5 »
Iron Silver 70 Union Con 15
Mexican 10 Yellow Jacket ... 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— I Do prefd 57U
Call loans' 2<g-3 IBoston L 69
Time loans 304. |E E 111 ISS
Stocks— Gen Elec prefd... 97
A, T & S Fe. ...'.. 13% Atch nrefd 36
Amer Sugar 142% l Bonds— ' ,„,
Do nrefd 115 Gen Elee , >s 106%
Bell Tel 253 Mining shares—
Boston & Albany. 235 Allouez Mm Co .. 4
Boston & Maine.. 164 I Atlantic 29
Chi. Bur & Q 117% Boston & Mont... 230
Fitchburg 104 ißutte & Boston... 21%
111 Steel 70 Calumet & Hecla. 580
Mcx Central 6 Centennial 19"i
N V & N Eng.... 98 'Franklin 14
Or Short Line ... 35% ( Opoeola .. ..... 5<%
Union Pac S2& . Tamarack li 4
West End 87 (Wolverine 27%
Westing Elec .... 30V>iOld Dominion .... 29 1 ,4
LONDON MARKETS.
. NEW YORK. Aug. 29.— Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The settle
ment here shows an Increased account, not
ably In Americans, but money is so plentiful
that eontangoes were quite light, those on
Americans being only 2% per cent. The tone
of the markets was generally good to-day on
the ♦Tzar's universal peace manifesto. A fur
ther rise in Brazils and Argentines was the
chief feature. Americans were irregular, some
of the active shares reacting on profit taking,
but the close was generally better. For the
moment I am able to report considerable pub
lic buying here, but whether it will last it is
difficult to say. St. Paul stock was scarce at
the settlement and there was no contango.
New York Is now buying gold freely. I learn
over 400.000 pounds has been bought. The Lon
don discount rate Is 1% per cent In consequence
and IS per cent is asked for American bills
for forward delivery.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. BS%: Grand Trunk. 714.
Bar silver, 27 11-16 d. Money, MQVi per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Aug. 29.— FLOUR— Receipts,
£3,825 barrels; exports, 8165 barrels. Quiet but :
steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 224.775 bushels; exports, j
73.204 bushels. Spot steady; No. 2 red store and
elevator, 73H@74Hc i. o. b. afloat to arrive; 75c
f o. b. afloat spot. Options opened firm and
advanced on cables and foreign buying. Later
there was some raction under prospective
large receipts, closed K@%c net higher, but '■_.■:
under best point. August, T3«i 734 c closed 73e; !
September, 6S . 15-16@6&%c. closed G9M»c.
METALS— Although generally inactive, the i
market for metals showed a firm undertone in
nearly all departments. Holders regarded
outlook as very promising and offered sparingly
as a rule. At the close the Metal Exchange ;
called' "
PIG IRON— Warrants steady with $6 70 bid l
LAKE COPPER— Finn with $12 16 bid and {
TlN— Dull and easy with $16 bid and SIC 10
af LEAD-Very quiet with $4 10 bid and $4 15 !
asked. The firm naming the settling price |
for leading Western miners and smelters quotes i
SPELTER— Quiet with $4 75 bid and $4 85 !
COFFEE — closed steady to 5 points I
higher to 5 points lower. Sales 17,500 bags. In
cluding: September, o.COc. Snot coffee— Rio
steady; mild, very steady. Sales good; busi
ness on private terms. .. . , . -~ ,
SUGAR— Raw strong, held higher. Fair re
fining, 3 13-lGc: centrifugal 96 test. 4 5-16 c; mo
lasses 3 9-16 c: refined strong and higher;
moid A. 5 11-16 c; standard A. 5 5-16 c: confec
tioners' A, B*c: cut loaf, 574 c; .crushed. 5%c;
powdered, 5 11-16 c; granulated, 5 7-lGc; cubes,
" BUTTER— Receipts. 8692 packages, steady;
Western creamery. 14%@15%c;. Elglns, 18% c
; 7000 packages; steady;
EGGS — Receipts, 7000 packages; steady:
Western, 16c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Aug. 29.— California Dried
Fruits steady. APPLES — Common, ._
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common. R'TjSc
per pound: prime wire tray, 9c; choice, 9%c;
fancy, 9^®loc. i
PRUNES— per lb as to size and qual- i
APRICOTS— RoyaI. ll@13c: Moorpark, 13<gl6c.
Unpeeled, 7's'Sc; peeled, 12@16c
per lb.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Aug. 29.— Wheat experienced a
strong start because of disappointingly small
receipts in the Northwest and higher quota
tions from Liverpool, although the latter were
not unexpected in view of the advance on this
side Saturday. Visible supply statement showed
77 000 bushels increase for the week. Asa de
crease i had been expected the bullishness of
the market received a partial extinguisher.
People who needed September wheat and had
found considerable difficulty in buying were
now enabled to have their wants supplied with
out shouting for the wheat, sellers betas com
pelled to take a turn at the shouting. TV? esti
mate that carloads of wheat at Chicago nor to
morrow's inspection would be 406 was anVher
blow to the bulls in the market. That in\d
dition to the disappointment about the vlsltJlo
caused September to drop for a time all its
early advance. December was relatively firmer
and did not decline more than He, while Sep
tember was losing Ic. December was much
more largely dealt in than September, and has
most pronouncedly become the active trading
future. September was difficult to buy when
wanted and hard to sell when that was con
sidered desirable. September left off %tf%c
higher, and December gained *4@%e.
A good business was done in corn and In the
main the market was strong. The bone of
contention was the condition of the growing
crop upon which subject there was a wide dif
ference of opinion. The close Is unchanged to
%c up. .
There was. little done in oats, and the close
was unchanged on the day.
Moderate buying by English houses held
provisions firm. Lard and ribs were compara
tively stronger than pork. September hold
ings have been transferred or sold, and ■ the
trade was no longer under the influence of op
• erations by people who had no us*> for pro
visions on delivery day. Pork and lard are un
changed and ribs rose 7%<9>10c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
August " 68% 65% 65% 68%,
September ........... 64% 65 63% 64%
December ,62 62% . 61% .62
; May ....64% 64% €3% 64
I Corn No. 2—
| August 30 30% 23% 30%
September 30 . 30% • 2V*m 30%
December 30% ... 30% 30% . 30%
May 32% - 32% 32% 32%
Oats No. 2—
i September 19% 20% 19%. 19%
May 22 22% 22 22%
• Mess Pork, per barrel—
' September 8 82% BSS 8 82% BS3 '
i October .............8 90 -8 90 8 87% "8 87%
I December ...........8 87% 853 8 87% 895
Lard, per 100 pounds— •
September . v.G 10 .- C 17% 5 07% 5 17%
October.. 515 5 22% 515 5 22%
December .. 5 17% ' 5 27% 5 17% 5 27%
i Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
September 520 5 32% 520 C 32%
October 5 20 ... 5 3-'> , 520 ."" .5 35
Cash quotations were as.; follows: Flour,
quiet; No. 2 Spring Wheat, 63@64%c; No. 3
Spring Wheat, 6306& C; No. 2 Red, CBc; No. 2
Corn, 30%e; No. 2 Oats, 20y,c: No. = 2 White,
23%«25c: No. 3 White, 22%'§23%c; No. 2 Rye.
43% c: No. 2 Hnrley. 39@40c; No. .1 Flax Seed,
I 88% c: Prime Timothy Seed, $2 52%: Mess Pork,
] per bbl, tS B.VraS 90; Lard, per -100 lbs, $.-,lo©
5 17%: Short Rib*, sides (loose), $5 2606 60; Dry
Salted Shoulders, (boxed), 4%@4%c; Short Clear
Sides (boxed), , $6 65i&"5 76; Sugars, cut loaf, un
changed; granulated, do; Standard A,- do.
Articles — ■ Receipts. Shipment!". 1
Flour bu in, 100 13,400
Wheat, bu .112,000 138,100
Corn, bu 429,400 754.800
Oats bu 460,200 . .173,700
Rye bu ....... '. 13,400 .COO
Barley, bu 59,400 800
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market -was firm; creameries, 13@17c; dairies,
12i&'17c; Eggs, firm; fresh, 12c. .
WHEAT MOVEMENT.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 257.250 70,420
Duluth :...............:... 209,3*0 ' 46,559
Milwaukee ;..........;.. 27,300 • 650
I Chicago 112,014 138,159
Toledo .........................111,184 233,400
St. Louis 145,000 22,000
Detroit 750 17,000
Kansas City — 308.500 113,000
Totals 1,201,338 641.
Tidewater-
Boston 35,425 ....... I
New York .............'.....:.. 224,775 73,204
Philadelphia .................. 87.911 4,380
Baltimore £3,»00
New. Orleans ...... .;.....
Galyeston .......................:.... ..;....
| Totals :....................1.......;;: ....................1.......; ; . .....:
THE SA^ FBAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 30, 1898.
... ... .. -.--;. ■ ■ ...... |
LIVERPOOL FUTURES. .
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening ...6 6V4 5 3%
Closing :....:. ...5 7 v 5 4;
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— ' "'«■• Nov.-Feb.
Opening 58 90 44 60
Closing 63 50 44 45
Flour- - I; — «f5 '"■ "
Opening 24 95 20 90
Closing ...:.. .......24 90 20 80
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit
at auction to-day as follows:
CHICAGO, Aug. 29.— Malaga Grapes, $1 15 to
$1 35.' average $126.' Weather warm. Twelve
cars sold. »»
BOSTON, Aug. 29.— Malaga Grapes, 90c to
$125. average $1 09; Bartlett Pears, SI 30 to
$2 SO, average $2 17. — Susquehannas,
$1 to $1 30. average $1 25; Crawfords, average
$1 13; Lemon Cling, 67c: Late Crawfords, 74c;
Mitchell Cling, 62c; McDevitt Cling, $1 01;
White Free, $1 05; George's Late, 65c. Prunes—
Grog. 65c to SI 40, average 90c; Fellenberg, 80c;
Hungarian, 79c; Silver, 67c.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Aug. 29.— CATTLE— The demand
for cattle to-day was slow and sales averaged
oc lower. Choice steers, $5 20@5 60; medium,
$4 03*4 85; beef steers, $4 15(g!4 60; stockers and
feeders. T3Ti-4 70; bulls. $4 or>@4 25; calves. $4®
7 25; western rangers, $3<ja4 70; fed western
steers, $4 10@5 35. ■
HOGS were s@loc lower. Fair to choice
$3 Ss<§4 02%; packers. $3 60*03 85; butchers, $3 SO
@4 05"; mixed, $3 65@4; lights, $3 65@4 15; piss,
*3<g3 95. -■ , .
SHEEP were lower. Poor to choice *hJ?<>p,
$3 s:.<&'4 60; native lambs, $6; western lambs,
$5 90. -
Receipts— Cattle, 12,000; hogs, 33,000; sheep,
17,000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Aug. CATTLE— Receipts,
COOO. Market weak to. 10c lower; native steers,
$4 25@5 35; cows and heifers. $2@5 40; stockers
and feeders, $4 80@5; bulls, $2 3G@4 25.
HOGS— Receipts. 2500. Steady to strong; bulk
of sales. $3 70@3 80: heavies. $3 75<&3 B<4;
packers, $3 86113 80; mixed, $3 60@3 80; lights,
$3 65<Jf3 80; yorkers, $3 75® 3 80; bulls. $3@>3 65.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2000. Market steady;
lambs, $3 75©6 75; muttons, $3@4 40.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Aug. 29.— CATTLE— Receipt*. 6300.
Steady to 10c lower; native beef steers, $4 40®
5 30; western steers, $3 BO@4 60; cows and
heifers, ?3 ZOCrii 25; canners, $2@3; stockers and
feeders, lower $3 60@4 65; calves, $4@G 25; bulls
and stags. $2 25(83 90.
HOGS— Receipts. 3100. Market light, strong;
heavy, weak. Heavy, $3 62%@3 75; mixed $3 65
v". 70; lights, $3 65@3 80; bulk of sales, $3 65@
3 70 ~ ■' '
SHEEP— Receipts. 1100. Market steady: fair
to choice natives, $3 75@4 50; do westerns. $3 60@
4 25; icommon and stock sheep, $3 oo@4 0u;
lambs, $4©5 50.
DENVER.
DENVER. Aug. 28.— CATTLE— Receipts. 200;
market steady: Beef steers. $3 85@4 30; cows.
$354; feeders, freight paid to river. $3 So@4 40;
Btockera, freight paid, $3 90@4 50; bulls, stags,
etc.. $2@3.
HOGS— Receipts, 200; market shade lower
Light packers, $3 7003 75; mixed, $3 65@3 .0;
heavy. $3 60493 70. ■■ • j
SHEEP— Receipts, 400; market steady. Good
fat muttons, $3@|4 60; lambs, 4 60©5 60. j
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. Aug 29.— Consols. 110%; Sliver,
27 U-1M; French rentes, 103f 70c; Wheat car
goes off coast, quieter; cargoes on passage,
nothing doing; English country markets, part
Is cheaper: Import Into U. X., Wheat. 28S.000;
Import Into V. X., Flour. 198.000; Wheat and
Flour on passage to D. X.. 1.350.000; Wheat
and Flour on passage to Continent, 800,000; ,
Tn.ilan shipments Wheat to U. X.. 14,000; In
dian shipments Wheat to Continent. 3000.
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 29.— Wheat, dull; Wheat;
in Pari6, quiet; Flour in Paris, firm. French ■
country markets, firm.
Imports of Wheat into Liverpool for the
we ;.: From Atlantic ports. 65.300 quarters: .
fr m Pacific Coast, none; from other ports, I
63,000 quarters.
Imports of Corn from Atlantic ports for the
week, So.SOO quarters.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 11 -32d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 1 red northern spring
firm, 6s 9%d; No. 2 red western winter firm,
Es 7%d.
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, steady.
3s Id; September, steady. 3s l%d; October,
steady. 3* I 7 ;d.
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet; August nom
inal; September, 6s 7d; December 5s 4d.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW TORK, Aug. 29— The following Is tho
statement of the visible supply of grain In
store and afloat on Saturday, August 27. 1898,
as compiled by the New Tork Produce Ex- i
C Wlusat— s.s92.ooo^, bushels; Increase, 77,000;
bushels C0m— 16.653.000 bushels; Increase., 407,- I
COO bushels. 0atn— 3.49R.000 bushels; Increase, j
3SS 000 bushels. Rye— 4B2.ooo bushel*: Increase.
41.000 buphels. Barley— 29s.ooo bushels; increase,
72,000 bushels.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 29.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail- j
able cash balance. $292,000,411; gold reserve, i
$213,152,684.
PORTLAND' S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Aug. 29.— Exchanges, J275,600;
balances, $62,057.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or.. Aug. 29.— New Wheat Is |
coming In at the rate of about forty cars per
flay. There Is no change In prices. 64c being I
about the best bid obtainable from exporters |
for Walla Walla and 56@y7c for Valley and j
Blue Stem.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash.. Aug. 19.— Wheat Id firmer
in sympathy with Eastern markets, but farm
ers are holding back for higher prices. Quota
tions for export, 53f?54c; Blue Stem. 59c.
ELGIN BUTTER.
EIvGIN, Til.. Aug. 29.— BITTER— Steady.
Offerings, 254 tubs; sales, 143 tubs at 18c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — 14 84%
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — 4 86%
Sterling Cables j — 4 86*
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
New York Exchange, sight — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars 46 4C 1-*1 -*
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Futures 'advanced a cent over Sat
urday, but receded somewhat. The spot mar
ket was unchanged.
Snot Wheat— Shipping, $1 10©l 12tt; milling,
$1 17%(gl 22 U-.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
38.000 ctls, $115%; 12.01X1, $115%; 2000. $115%;
26.000. $1 n%.
Second SeFMnn— December — 6000 ctls, $1 15%;
14 000. *1 UAi ; 4000. $1 15.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls,
$1 14%; 16,000, $1 14%; 18.000, $1 14%. May-2000,
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls.
1114%' sono, $i 14%. May— 2ooo. $1 1«V4.
BARLEY— Previous prices rule with a dull
business.
Feed. $1 12%f?l 17%; Brewing nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— sales.
Second Session— No sales. •■
Regular Morning December— 2ooo ctls,
?1 Afternoon Session— 2ooo ctls, tl 13%.
OATS— There Is no change M report. Trade
continues .slack, r Offering" are. moderate.
Fancy Feed, $1 25 per ctl; good to choice,
$! 2Witl 22%; common, $1 \2Y 4 1fl 17%: Surprise,
$1 30@l 32%": Gray. $1 17%0l 22%; milling, $1 22%
'<: ! 25 per ctl. •
CORN— It Is the name old »torjr. day after
day ' Quotations remain unchanged. Small
round yellow, $1 2.V, Eastern large yellow $110
m 12%: white, $1 15®1 20; ; mixed, $1 05^1 07%
r>er ctl. • ■ • • .
RYE— »I 15®1 17% per ctl.
; BUCKWHEAT— SI »0 ! 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLBTUFFS.
There has been conplderable competition
among millers for some little time, and sales
have been made at concessions to effect busi
ness, but the quotations given herewith repre
sent the average market.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 l-"//j4 25; bakers'
extras. 54 W4 15 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per iw;
Rice Fli'ur, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal. $4 26; Oat Groats,
$4 50- Hominy. $3 2553 r,O; Buckwheat Flour, $>
©4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina, $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats (bar
ley) $5 S.W6 25; In sacks, $6 65^6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas. $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Yesterday's receipts of Hay were the larg
est ever known, being 1654 tons. There were
twenty-five schooners and sloops and one
barga. besides a large number of cars. The
farmers are afraid of early rains and are rush
ing their holdings in. Those, however, who
have storage capacity are generally holding
on. The heavy receipts produced no effect
Whatever on prices.
BRAN— SIB<& 16 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI»mO per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $24(^25 per
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50; Job
bing. $321832 50; Cocoanut Cake. $24<5 ) 25; Cotton
seed Meai, $2S<ff3o per ton; Cornmeal, $23@23 50;
Cracked Corn, *24@24 50. .
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $17@18 for
good and $14g16 for lower grades: no fancy
coming In: Wheat and Oat. $14 60@16 50; Oat,
$«3 50® 16; Barley, ; Island Barley, $12@13;
Alfalfa, $12@13; Stock, $U@l2 50; Clover, nomi
nal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Wheat, $13@14 50; Oat, $12@13 50; Cheat. $11@
13; Timothy, $11 50@13 50; Alfalfa, $11(3 | 11 50
per ton.
STRAW— 40(@65c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Colored Beans continue weak. White are
firmly held, but dull.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 25@2 50; Small Whites,
$1 90«2 10; Large Whites, SI 75<gl 90: Pinks.
$2 25© >2 30; Reds. $2 60r32 75; Blackeye, $3 15@
3 25; Butters, nominal; Limas, $3<f?3 15; Pea.
$1 90@2; Rod Kidneys, $2 50@2 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 25(^4 75 per ctl:
Yellow Mustard, $4@4 25; Flax, nominal. $2<a»
2 10; Canary Seed, 2%@2%c per lb; Alfalfa,
from Utah, bUc; Rape. 2V4@2%c; Hemp, !\@3c;
Timothy. 5@5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 75@1 90; Green. $2 25
per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Onions are weak. Potatoes and Vegetables
range about the same.
POTATO23S— 4O@-sOc in sacks for Early Rose
and 40@65c In sacks and 60@$l In boxes
for Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks. 76c©$l 15;
Sweet Potatoes, 2@2Hc per lb.
ONIONS— SO<@CSc~ per ctl for yellow. Pickle
Onions, 76c^$l per cti.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3c: String
Beans, l©2Vsc per lb; Lima Beans, 2@2%c; Bay
bquash, 25'pS0c; Green Peppers. 36<&!&0c for
Chile and SStfoOc for Bell; Cabbage, 50c per
ctl; Carrots, 30«?f>0c per sack; Bay Cucumbers.
2..«r30c; Pickles, $1 50@l 65 for No. 1 and 75c@$l
for No. 2; River Tomatoes. 20<530c; Bay
Tomatoes, 30ig>40c; Greei: Corn, 50@85c per sack
for Vacavllle, 75c<&$1 25 per crate lor Alameda,
uO®6sc for Berkeley; Garlic, 2@2Vic per tb;
Green Okra. 50@60c; Egg Plant, 25@50 per
box; Marrowfat Squash, $15 per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per It) in lots of 25 lbs; sliced
desslcated, 16<gl8c; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions. 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at 16c for Turkeys.
$3®3 50 for Ducks, $C@6 50 for.. Hens, $7®7 60
for young Roosters; $5 for old Roosters; $4 50
for Fryers and $4 for Broilers. Another car
goes on to-day.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 13@15c for Gob
blers and 12>4@13c for Hens: Geese, per pair.
$1 2. r ,@l 50; Goslings, $1 50@l 75; Ducks, $3@3 60
for old and $2 50(jjH 50 for young; Hens, $4®6;
Roosters, young, $5f?6; Roosters, old, $41H 50;
Fryers. $4 50; Broilers, $3 50®4 for large, $2 50@
3 for small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per doxen for
young and $1 25 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EOOS.
Butter Is dragging at the quotations and
there is no scarcity of stock. Eggs and Cheese
stand the same as before.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 24926 c; sec
onds, 23c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy. 21@22%c; common
grades. 17H^20c.
Pickled Uoods— Firkin, 18<©2Qc; pickled roll,
21iS22M>c; creamery tub. 20@22c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16i316\40 per
lb: Elgin, 22<6r23e.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 10@llc; old. BH@
9V»c; Cream Cheddar. 10®llc; Young America,
li'V'ill'-ic; Eastern, 12513 C.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 21®25c per dozen: store
Eggs, i4'Sl7Hc; Eastern, 14@16c for ordinary
and 17@lSc for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Fine Pears would bring $50 per ton. but
there Is no such stock coming In. no the quota
tion Is dropped. Freestone Peaches are some
what higher. Plums are In decreasing sup
ply and steady. Figs are getting cheaper
and more plentiful. Grapes and Melonß are
still dragging, and Grapes are not aa good as
usual this year.
Mexican Limes are about all cleaned up at
the moment. Oranges continue slow.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries. $3<g4 50 per chest for large and
for small. __ _ . , ,
Figs. 50@«0c for white and 60®75c for black,
double layers. „,_
Cantaloupes, 50cfT$l per crate: Nutmer*. 25®
r<V per box; Watermelons. $15®20 per 100 for
large and $3312 for small to medium.
Huckleberries. 4@6c per lb.
Red Nectarines, 40@65c; White Nectarines, 35
(f?soc per box. _, ,
" White Grapes 2r.^4Oc per box; Black Grapes.
20-??r.0c; Muscats, 30<5?50c; Seedless. 75c; Tokay.
40060 c; crates sell about 10c higher than boxes;
Isabellas, $1 25(gl £0 per crate.
Blackberries, $2^3 50 per < % n? s t- r/ . .
Plums. 25!g50c per crate and 20«S | 50c per box;
In bulk.' $I<X&l6 per ton. __.
Peaches. MOW per box for good to choice
and 25!fi4Oc for common stock; clings, $25^60
per ton*: freestones, $20^40.
Crabapples. HfIMC per box.
Raspberries, $5@7 per chest.
Apples. 35<S«0c for common. 7Bc^sl per box
for No. 1 and $1 25 for choice.
Bartlett Pears. $I@l 25 per box and $40
per ton for No. 1 and 50@75c per box and $2o<g3D
per ton for ripe and Inferior stock.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges. $ISI 50 for Va
lencias $I@l 25 for St. Michaels. 7ocrg:sl for
Mediterranean Sweets and SO-STSc for Seedlings;
Lemons W 60*52 50 for common and $3<tft for
good to choice; Mexican Limes. — -\>Califor
nia Limes. 75c<S$l 50: Bananas, $1 25®2 2» per
bunch; Pineapples, $3©4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINB, ETC.
The week opened on a dull and spiritless
market, with no Inquiry from the East worth
talking ' about. Peaches are • easier at 1 un
changed prices, and Prunes are very quiet.
They are sluggish about opening this year.
DRIED FRUIT— Prunes. <; Z\c for the
four sizes; old Prunes, carload lots. s«tsUc for
40-50' s, 4V4<f?lc for .V)-Cos, 39i@4c for 60-70' s. 3UO
3U,r for 70-iO's. 2%03c for 80-tO"s, 2®2Hc for
90-100's; new Peaches, 7\@B%c for choice and
9®loc for .fancy; new Apricots, 9@llc for
Royals and 15(S)17Hc for Moorparks; Evaporated
Apples. 6V4@7c; sun dried, 3(i?4c; Black Figs,
racks 2@2V4c; new Plums, s<g6c for pitted and
l@l%c for unpltted; new Nectarines, 6@7c for
prime to fancy; Pears, 3@sc ■ for quarters and
36'5V4c for halves, according, to color, etc.; new
Pears, 7&7% c • for quarters ' and 7>ri@loc for
halves. ■ ■ . • . .
RAISINS— for two-crown, 2Vt&2\o for
three-crown, 3<03%c for four-crown, 3@4c for
1 Seedless Sultanas, 2V4@3c for Seedless Mus
| catels and |l<g.l 16 ■ for London Layers; dried
Grapes, 2c. new.Sc for"nardshell,'7c for
NUTS— Walnuts, new, 6c for Hardshell. 7c for
softshell; Almonds, B®4c for hardshell. «@7c for
eoftshell; BV4©»c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4@
6V4c for Eastern and 4Hc for California: Pe
cans, < «%@Bc; rilberts. SH«10c; Braill Nuts,
6(g9c per'rb; Cocoanuts, $4 60®5 per 100.
HONEY— 9@loc, for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water- white extracted, 6V40
«c; light amber extracted, 4%@5H0 per Ib.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per Ib. .
PROVISIONS. : .
CURED MEATS— Baccn. BV4c per lb for
heavy, 9c for light medium, 10%0 for light, lie
for • extra light and 12%@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar cured Hams, , 10V4®llc; Califor
nia Hams, 9S<sloc: Mess Beef, $10®10 60 per
bbl; extra Mess Beef. $11@11 50;, Family Beef,
$12@12 50; extra prime Pork. ; 110; extra clear,
JlS@lß DO; mess, $15 60@16; Smoked Beef, Il@i3o
P LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per lb
for compound and 7>4c for pure; pails, 8c; Cali
fornia tierces, 6c per lb for compound and 7c
for pure; half barrels, 7Kc; 10-lb tins, 8c; 6-lb
tins, BUc. ■ '•"„',_,..
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@6%; packages
less than 300 lb«— pails, 60 In a case. 9V4c;
3-lb palls, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb palls 12 in a
case, BV4c; 10-lb palls. 6 in a case. B%c; 60-lb
tins. 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c;, wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs.. 80 lbs net, 7ttc;; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c per lb.
T HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Picking of Hops will be general next week.
though the present cool nights are keeping
things hack more or less. The market for the
new product Is dull but steady at the quota
tions. The crop of 1R97 Is well cleaned up; in
fart, we open the new year with less old stock
on hand than for a number of years.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brand* sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy waited
steers, 10c: medium. »c; light. BHc; Cow
hides, 9c; Stags, 6Hc: salted Kip. BVic; Calf.
»c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands,
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf, 17^18c,
Goatskins. 2TV4©3Oc: medium, 30c; winter, 10c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 15@2;>c each; short
wool, 30@40c each; medium. 60®8Oc; long wool,
&oe<ftU 10 each; HorsehldflS. unit. $2 26 for
large and $10175 for email; Colts 50c; Horse
hides, dry. $1 75 for large and 76c@$l X for
small; Colts, 60c.  _ „ .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3%e per lb; No. 2,
2%c; refined, 4%(??4%c: Orense, 2e.
WOOL— Fail clip. Southern Mountain. 7»10c;
free Northern. 9<7?>l2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months 1 . 9© lie; San Joaniiln and
Southern. 7 months 1 , sifilOc: Foothill and
Northern, free. 12-f?l4c: Foothill and Northern,
defective. 10<ff12c; Middle rounty. 13f3!l«c; Hum
boldt and Mendoclno. 14«H6c: Nevada. 10<J14c;
Eastern Oregon. 10#12c: Valley Oregon, 15ijt7c.
HOPS— IB9B crop. 10<»13c: 1897 crop, nominal.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags. , 4%e: Wool
Bag? 26@2Sc; \ San Quentln \ Hags. $4 85: Fruit
Bags, : 6c, 5%c and 5%c ; for the ; three grades of
white and 7©Sc for brown. ,r\: •
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton: New ; Wel
lington. $8; Bouthfield Wellington, :$7 60: Seat
tle. $6; Bryuht, < $6; !-. Coos ; Bay. : $5; : Wallsend.
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and; $14 CO: In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, s $14; Can
nel $10 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
$7 60: r Coke, . $12 per ..ton cm bulk ■. and $14 In
sa'cks.^v ■'.•>;.•-••:.* ■'-.■.-.■. •'•. •-■*.",■■'« •-"•. : ' : . 1-jl£l" l , '" '_
' •■; SUGAR— • Western . Sugar Refining s Com
pany 1 quotes, : terms net - cash : ; * Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed. . 7c; Powdered, r |V4c; Candy
Granulated, Cc; Dry Granulated, 5%c; Confec
tioners' A, : 6%c: Magnolia -A. 6J4c; Extra C,
6%c: Golden C, California A. 6*c per ft;
half - barrels. %c more than barrels, and boxes
%c more. : - '. . , \ ■■''■'•'-. ' - : -:■■■''"'■.
BAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The packers have again reduced their prices
for Hogs, and the market Is decidedly easier
In consequence. • '
4- Wholesale • rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows: "•-." .
BEEF— First quality. ? «tte: ' »eeond quality,
BH®6o ;; third quality, 4V4<gs!*c.
VEAL— Large, 4@sc: «mall. 6®7c per lb. „ ,
MUTTON— Wethers, 6@7c; Ewes. 6@6%c
per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 7%@Be per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3?i<:<j<3%c for large, i®^c
for medium and 3V»@3%c for small; stock Hugs.
2@3c; dressed Hugs, 6%@6%c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, August 29.
Flour, qr sks 31,0161 Hay, tons 1.494
Wheat, ctls 780 Straw, tons >>
Barley, ctls 2,400 Wool, bales 3ZS
Cheese, ctls 26 Brandy, gals .... '•=;!''
Butter, etls 230 Wine, gals 61,400
Tallow, ctls 216 Leather, rls 81
Beans, sks 1.62R Hides, No J.»g
Potatoes, sks ... 3.56S Pelts, bdls l.w»
Onions, sks 595 Lime, bbls H
Bran, sks 1.030 Quicksilver, flsks in
Middlings, sks .. 959 Lumber, ft 40.00U
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... 1, 436 j Hay, tons 130
Wheat, ctls 560 Wool, bales »
Oats, ctls 1.750
EASTERN.
Corn, ctlß 1.2001
WASHINGTON.
Wheat, ctls 28.000;
UTAH.
Hay. tons 30
THE STOCK MARKET.
Trading in local securities was fair, Hutch
inson Plantation sold up to $58%.
Mining stocks were a shade firmer, though
there was no improvement in business worth
tI The n! de'li > n O quent sale of the Savage has been
postponed to September 22.
At a special meeting of the directors of the
Utah Consolidated Mining Company the resig
nation of D. B. Lyman as superintendent was
accepted and J. Matheson was appointed his
8 The following ore shipments from the mines
of Eureka and neighboring districts in Nevada
were made by rail for the week ending August
26: Diamond mine. 63.630 pounds: Eureka
Con., 75,940; Jackson. 34,850; Lord Byron. 37.
810- Silver West. 36,640. From Hamilton and
Ely— McEllin. 72,380; Rocco— Lanl & Co., 7U,
fhe official report of the operations in the
Sierra Nevada mine for the week ending Au
gust 27 is as follows: Riley tunnel— During
the week extracted ten mining cars of ore from
the seventh floor and deposited It In tne ore
house at mine. The average assay of samples
taken from the face was gold. »23 15; f'^er
8.32 ounces per ton. Work on the building at
the old shaft is nearly completed and will be
ready to put on steam September 1. The soutn
lateral drift was advanced 20 feet; total length,
150 feet: face in quartz, parphyry ana clay.
At a point 147 feet south from the tunnel line
have started and advanced west crosscut No.
2 six feet, face In clay and quartz. 900 level—
The north lateral drift has been advanced five
feet; total length north from the Sierra Ne
vada shaft, 690 feet; face in porphyry, clay and
seams of gypsum. Have stopped this drift
and started an upraise in west crosscut iso. S
from said drift. .
In the Alta mine the south drift from the
bottom of the winze below the 940 level was
driven 12 feet in quartz of low assay value,
but shows Improvement as we advance. The
raise above the 825 level was carried up eight
feet In quartz, which assays $6 a ton in gold
and. three ounces of silver. The mill was start
ed Bp last Monday and everything is running
well
Brunswick Lode— Best & Belcher. Gould &
Curry and Savagf — On the Sutro tunnel level
the Joint west crosscut, started at a point 194
feet from the main tunnel in the uorth drift,
has been advanced 14 feet; total length, 91 feet;
face In porphyry.
Chollar and Potosi— Boo level— The main south
drift has been advanced 18 f<»»t and is now
out 78 feet south of the Chollur north boun
dary. Face in porphyry.
Occidental Consolidated— From the stopes
above the 550 level extracted and milled 140
tons of ore of the average value of $8 60 per
ton as per battery sample assay.
BTOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Aug. 29— t p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bid.Ask.
V 8 Bonds— Mutual El Co. 11% 13
4s quar c0up..111%112% Oakland Gas.. 51H 52
4s quar reg...11l 112 Pac Gas Imp.. 88% —
49 quar new. ..127 12S Pac LCo 47% 48%
6s new 104%105?b S F G & E... 89 90
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3% 3%
Cal-st Cab ss. 114^113 Stockton Gas.. IS —
Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance —
C C Wat 55... 100^4101 FlrenVs Fund. 2oo 207%
Dup-st ex c... — 95% Hank Stocks—
E L * P 65.. 130 — Anglo-Cal .... C 264
F& CM Ry 65. 116 — Bank of Ca1.. 246 247%
Geary-st R 6s. »3 100 Cal SD & T.. 96 97
H C & S 4%5.100 105 First Nat 205 —
LAI- Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A....125% —
Do gntd 65.. 98 100 Mer Exchange 14 15
Market-at 65. .126% — Nev Nat 8....161%165
Do Ist M 65. 115>4115% Pavings Banks—
Nt Vln 6s Ist* — 97% G»r S & L...1590 1650
N C NORy 7s. 104 106% Hum S & L.1050 11C0
NRy Cal 65.. 110 US Mutual Say. — 42%
N Ry Cal 55..104 1 4 — 8 F Say U.. 490 500
NPC R R 6s. 103 105 SA L 50.... — 98
NPC R R ss. — 101 Security S B 300 350
N Cal R R ss. — — Union T Co.looo —
Oak Gas Bs ...101 — Street Railroads-
Do 2d is 55. .110 — California ....106 107%
Om Ry 6s 127%— Geary <0 —
p it O f* 113%— Market-Bt 53% 54
P & Cl Ry 6«.104 106% Presidio 8 —
Powell-st 65.. .118 125 Powder-
Reno W L&L.100 — California 130 150
Soc El Ry ss. 100 — E Dynamite ..85 95
SF& N r fis. 109^110 Giant Con Co. 49% 49*4
SlerraßCal 6s. — 103 Vigorlt 2%, 2%
S P of Ar 65.. 108 — Miscellaneous—
S P Cal 6s 110 — Al Pac Asen.. 95% 99%
SPC Is eg 55. 102 — Ger Ld Wks. .125 —
S P Br 6s 11714120 Hana P C 0.... i:>% 15%
S V Wat 6fl...imU2n«A H C & S Co.. 26% 27
8 V Wat 45...102%102% Hutch S P Co. 58% 59
Stock Gas 65.. 104 — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Water Stocks— Nat Vln Cn... —
Contra Costa.. 62% — Oceanic S Co. 57% 5S
Marln Co 50 — Pacific AFA. — 2Vi
Spring Valley. 99%100% Pac Bot C 0... .100 104
Gas 4 Electric— Par Paint Co. 7 —
Cent Gaslight. 105 —
Morning Session.
40 Hutchlnson S P Co 68 50
175 Hana Plantation Co 15 50
50 do do b3O 15 50
20 Hawaiian Com A Sugar Co 26 75
10 Market-street Railway Co 54 00
$1000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s bonds 104 50
10 Pacific Gas Imp Co 88 50
13 S F Gas A Electric Co 89 50
$1000 S P of A Bonds 108 00
Street—
66 Alaska Packers' Assn 99 2a
Afternoon Session.
15 Contra Costa Water...... 63 00
75 Giant Powder Con 49 50
175 Hana Plantation Co .........:.. 15 50
300 Hawaiian Com A Sugar Co ......".... 26 87%
15 Hutchlnson S P Co 58 75
35 do do 5887%
15 Market-street Railway Co-.. 54 00
$3000 Market-Bt Ry Con : Bonds 6s. 115 75 -
10 Oceanic Steamship Co ................. 57 37%
5 Spring Valley Water 99 50
100 do do ,- •-•: • 99 87%
INVESTMENT . BOARD.
Morning Session.
65 Oceanic Steamship Co 87 75
Afternoon' Session.
30 Market-street Railway; Co 64 00 ?
25 Spring Valley Water 99 62%
83 Mutual Electric Co ::. 10 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the "sales "in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday: ••:
Morning- Session. ;
100 Belcher ........." 151700 Seg: Belcher .... 02
100 Caledonia 20 100 Sierra Nev ..... 16
400Chollar .... 15 1 100 ...... .%.......... 67
300 Con Imp 01 260 Union Con ..... 17
1 200 Justice J2i6OoUtah 06
TOO  V.141
: • . ■ Afternoon Session..
200Alta ............. 13 400Justl»e 14
100 14 300 ...... ............ 13
100 Beat & Belcher. 15 300 0phir: ............ 19
100 ............ 16 500 Savage ....11
600 Con Cal A Va... 3S 100 Sierra ...;..' 58
200 Confidence ...... 400^...... .......... 59
300 Crown Point .... 13;4G0 Yellow Jacket .. 16
100 Gould A Curry.. 151. ."'J;/
- Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: : : :, ,v;"'
Morning Session. •
300 Alt a .......'. '12 1000 Justice 16
300 Chollar ..16 500 ........ 15
400 Con Cal A Va.. 35 500 Seg B A M..... 03
500 Con NY ....... 03 500 Silver Hill 10
600 Crown Pofnt ... 11 500 Union Con ...... 17
200 Gould & Curry . 14 300 Utah ....V....... 05
600 '.:: ........... r. ..i 13 200 Yellow Jacket •.; 16
300 Mexican ......... 13 . ;
/ i *»»» ' Afternoon Session. ■ ' .
200 Alta ...-V 131200 Gould A Curry.. 15
500 Andes . OS 500 Justice .15
60 ......... .'........ 07 300...... .. 14
500 Belcher •«........ 14 300 Mexican ........ 14
200 Con Cal A Va.. 351500 Seg B & M... 03
100 Crown Point .... 13300 Utah ............. 07
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Aug. 29—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 04 Julia — 02
Alta 12 11 Justice 13 15
Andes 07 08 Kentuck 05 06
Belcher 14 15 Lady Wash .... — 01
Benton — 11 Mexican 13 14
Best & Belcher 14 15 Occidental 52 —
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 18 20
Caledonia 19 21 Overman 05 Ofi
Chollar 14 16 Potosi 16 17
Challenge 12 14 Savage 10 11
Confidence 38 40 Scorpion 02 —
2on Cal & Va.. 38 3^ Seg Belcher ... 02 03
Con Imp — 01 Sierra Nev 57 s!>
Crown Point -.13 14 Silver Hill .... — ir,
Ton New York. — 04 Syndicate — 03
Eureka — 1* Standard 150 155
Exchequer 02 04 Union Con 17 18
Gould & Curry. 14 IS Utah 06 07
Hale A Norcrs. 75 78 Yellow Jacket.. 15 16
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Anna E. Grlswold (by Murray F. Vandall,
commissioner) to German Savings and Loan
Society, lot on 8 line of Pine street. 45 W of
Buchanan. W 25 by S 93:8: $6TiW.
Jacob Frank to Era Frank, lot on E line of
Post street. 87:6 W of Buchanan, W. 25 by S
137:6; $10.
William G. and Marguerite Muncey to Chris
tlane Klelnhammer. lot on SE corner of Twen
ty-second and Shotwell streets, E 42 by S X;
$16,600.
Mary I* Slme to Hugh T., Malcolm T., WII-
Ham M., and Marlon Sime, lot on N line of
Jackson street, 122 E of Druram, E 15:6 by -N
40; $10.
Barbara Sims. Mary and William A. G. Mac-
Kenzie and Harriet G. Gray (wire of Hugn),
to Isabella MacKenzie, lot on S line of bl«s
street. 75 W of Powell, W 100. S 110, E W.
20:6. E 20. N 89:6, quitclaim deed; $10.
Francis .7. and Julia C. Griffin to Honora
Welch, lot on SE line of Harrison street, l«
SW of Fifth. SW 25 by SE 57:6; $10.
San Francisco Land Company to >> lnsiotv
Anderson, lot on E line of Fourteenth avenue,
175 S of Lake street, S 25 by E 120: t&B.
Solomon and Dora Getz to C. fi. QUBtM* a nd
A. Sophia Olsen. lot on W line of "Tenth avenue.
275 N of L street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
Edwin and Mnry A. Bonnell to Richard Ma
pee, lot on NW line of Huron street. SO
SW of Mt. Vernon, SW 53:4 by NW l», l ot ■>•
block 7, West End Map 1; $600. „„
William H. Jung to A. J. Carmany. lots .9
and 30. block 2. Garden Ttract Homestead; SI".
Estate of Adam T. Green (Insolvent) by A. i-
Sutherland (assignee.) to A. F. Benjamin, lots
9 to 12, block 4, Sunny Vale Homestead Asso
ciation; also lota 38 to 92, Beroal Homestead
Association; also lot 397, Gift M.ip No. 1; Sl4-.
A. F. and Rebecca D. Benjamin to L. Beau
din, lots 9 to 12, block 4, Sunny Vale Home
stead; $10.
Lena and Andrew Christensen to A. N- C "P;
sey, lot on SE line of Chenery street. 306 Nh
Of Miguel. NE 2G by SE 100, lot 17, block 1"?.
Fairmount; also lot on NW line of Chenery .
street, 170 XE of Palmer, NE 40. NW 60, w j
40, SE 64. lot 3, block 15. same, reserving rigni
to connect sewer and water pipes with No. .31
Palmer street; $3500.
John H. and Lotta Bohllg to Kntie Jennings,
lot 10. block T, Park Lane tract No. 6; $10.
Maud R. Hays to Ira W. Castor, lot on E
line of Thornton street. 275 N of Shields. N &
by E 100, lot 16, block 5, City Lands Associa
tion; $75. ,
Alexander and Rose Mackie to same, lots l
to 3, block 43, City Lands Association; $400.
In abstract No. 2204. August 29, IS9B, the sec
ond de.vl should read: Caroline Wilson to J.
W. McDonald, WA 45, lot on E line of Van
Ness avenue, 65- N of Union street, N 35 by
E 107:6; $3150.
Alameda County.
Andrew Jones to Joseph E. Devereaux, lot
16. block M. Andrew Jonas' subdivision of
Brooklyn Township, Brooklyn Township; $500.
J. B. and Mary Toomey to Union Savings
Bank, lot on W line of Pine street. 50:.%, N
of Atlantic. N 25 by W 80:7^. being lot 3, block
39. Map of lots of Oakland Point Ferry Land
ing. Note— This deed !s given in full pay
ment of mortgage dated June 6. 1894, and re
cordedin 460 m 27, Oakland; $SOO.
J. F. and Maria S. Dingwell to Oakland
"Water Company, lot 3. block G, Flint Tract.
Map 4, Oakland: $MO.
Kate E. and L. P. Hess to L. H. Davlson.
lot on W line of Curtis street. 30 S of Lydt*.
S 32:6 by W 100. block I, Curtis & Williams
Tract. Oakland; $760.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
James H. Hunter, lot 302 in plat 14, Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland Township; $95.
G. and Mary Peladeau and Annie Beaudry
to E. R. Putz," lot 9. block 20. Beaudry & Pela
deau property, Oakland Township; $10.
E. G. Vincent to Thomas E. Hanson, lot on
NE line of Olive avenue, 30 SE of Lake avenue.
SK 60 by NE 100, being lots 37 and 38, block C,
Sather Tract. Oakland Township; $10.
John B. and Mary de N. Harmon to Rober
deau Harmon, lot on SW corner of Dwight way
and Benvenue avenue, W 110, S 100. E 100. N
to beginning, block B. Hillegass Tract. Berke
ley; gift.
C. E. L and Emma J. Sease to G. A. Richard
son, lot on S line of Derby street, 260.19 W of
Grove,, W 40 by S 135, being lot 9, block 1,
Grove Street Tract, Berkeley; $2000.
B. Kelsey to Margaret E. Altman, lots 25 to
2S, block G, Frultvale Terminal Tract, quit
claimdeed, Brooklyn Township; $5.
Henry and Margaret Bonn to William J.
Smith, lot on SW corner of Santa Clara avenue
and Caroline street. S 128.90, W 126, N 13S.K,
E 126:04, to beginning, being lots 1 and 4, block
A, Vischer Tract. Alameda; $6000.
Elizabeth Rogers to Edward A. Olsen. lot on
S line of Third street, 50 W of Oak, W 25 by
S 100. Oakland: $10.
James M. and Mary K. Sheehan to R. J. Sul
livan, lot on W line of Calais street. 90 S of
Woolsey, S 43 by W 130. Berkeley; $ISOO.
Annie C. Monroe to Emily A. V. Bronnell.
lot on \V line of Spauldlng avenue, 360:2 S of
Addlson street, N fc, W 125.25, S 55, E 129.25,
to beginning, block 3. Spauldlng Tract, Berke
ley; grant.
Charles W. and Belle A. Nevln to Alameda
Savings P.ank. lot on S line of San Jose avenue,
200 W of Willow street. W 50 by S 150, block
N, lands adjacent to Encinal, Alameda; $954.
M. L. and E. B. Hadcock to Annie May (wife
of Adam), lot on S line of Railroad avenue, 450
W of Willow street, S 217:8, E 40. N 217:8, W
40 to beginning, block 9, same; $600.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the 'city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. AUGUST 30.
Sun rises 5:38
Sun sets 6:41
Moon sets .«..4:30 a. m.
Feet.
4
11:06 !
11:40
12:10
L W
6:16
6:52
7:26
I 8:01
5.
4
i.
i
10:27
11:20
10:27 5.8
11:20 5.7
5:57
:-w
l:i
2:i
| 3:'
o.B| 12:
1.3| IS
1.81 1:
2.4| 2::
6:45 0.9
7:28 0.9
S:22| 0.3
9:22| . 0.8
4.
4.1
5.
6.
NOTE In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are glvpn In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column Rives the second tide ot
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the' last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sU*i (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the Inwcr tow waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Signal
Columbia
North Fork
Umatllla
Willamette
Hueneme I
Czarina
Coos Hay
Arcata
Chllkat
Acapulco
Portland
Crescent City...
Mackinaw
Pomona
Lakme '
Tltanla (
Mineola I
Bristol I
Orizaba
Btftte of Cal . . . . !
State California!
Homer
Queen
National City..'
Santa Rosa |
ICrays Harbor I Auk. 30
(Portland Aug. 30
Humboldt Aug. 30
Victoria & Puget Sound Aug. 30
(Seattle Aug. 30
IPortland Aug. 30
Seattle Aug. 30
Newport Aug. 31
Coos Bay Aug. 31
Humboldt Aug. 31
Panama Sept. 1
St. Michael Sept. 1
Crescent City Sept. 1
Taeom* Sept. 1
San Diego Sept. 2
(Honolulu (Sept. 2
jNinaimo [Sept. 3
iTacoma Sept. 3
i Departure Bay Sept. 3
! Humboldt ISept. 3
1 Portland !Sept. 4
IPortland |Sept. 4
Newport ISept. 4
Victoria *: Puget Sound] Sept. 4
'Oregon Ports 'Sept. 4
'San Diego ISept. 6
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Orizaba .... Humboldt .. .. Auk. 30, 10 amlpier 1
Santa Rosa San Diego Aug. 31, 11 amfPler 11
Australia ..Honolulu Sept. 1, 2 pm Pier 7
Columbia .. I Portland Sept. 2. 10 ami Pier 12
Arcata |Coos Bay Sept. 2, 10 ami Pier 13
Coos Bay... I Newport Sept. 2. 9 am|Pier 11
Chllkat IHumboldt .... Sept. 2, 10 am Pier 13
Belffic iChina& Japan Sept. ,3, 1 pmjPMSS
Umatilla ...I Vic & Pgt Sd. lSept. 3. 10 am|Pler 9
Pomona !San Diepo ISept. 4, 11 am|Pler 11
Homer N'fwport ISept. fi, 9 amjPier 11
Steamer.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographio
Office, located In the Merchants" Exchange la
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, "and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. 1« published
in the morning papers the following day
_ , CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired). U. S. N., In charge.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Au*uat
The time ball on the tower of th» new Ferry
pi'lcing was dropped at exactly ->->on to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th merldlai, or at S
p m. Greenwich mean time
_ CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired). U. S. N.. In charge.
SHIPIMIVG 1 TELIiIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday. August 29.
Stmr Laguna, Peterson, 16 hours from Bear
Harbor.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 59 hours from
San Dlesro.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen. 24 hours from Needle
Rock.
Stmr Whltesboro, Johnson, 14 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 41 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Haw bark Rlthet, Thompson, 31 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Excelsior, Burmelster, 13 days from Port
Blakeley. Up river direct.
Schr Transit, Jorgensen, 29 days from Hono
lulu.
Schr Enterprise, Pearson, 58 hours from Al
bion.
CLEARED.
Monday, August 29.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall, Jm
Perkins & Co. ~
Stmr Walla Walla. Wallace. Victoria and
Port Townsend: Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr San Juan, Brown, Panama, etc.; Pac
Mail S S Co.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanaimo; R
Dnnsmuir Sons ft Co.
Br bark Invercauld, Jackson, Portland; Bal
four. Guthrte & Co.
Mcx fi-hr Marques de Leon, Leleblrr, San
Bias; W Loalza & Co.
SAILED.
Monday. August 29.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. Mendocino.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, San Pedro
Ftmr '"'alia Walla, Wallace, Victoria and
Pi-rt Townsend.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond, Nanaimo
Stmr West port. Peterson
«?chr Reporter. Pahloff. Gray* Harbnr.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Aug 29—10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy wind, S; velocity. 12 miles.
CHARTERS.
Late lumber charters are: Adderly, p nrt
nnkeiev to Australia, owners account; Ivy,
Hastings Mills for .Shanghai; Penthesilea,
Puget Sound to Cape Town. 70s; W. H. Star!
buck Port Blakeley to Cape Town. 60s.
The Amy Turner loads coal at Departure Ray
for Honolulu; E. B. Sutton, coal at Departure
B The °Cambrlan rt Hllls loads wheat at Portland
for Europe, 33s 9d; Yolo, same voyage. 36«_
both prior to arrival.
DO P DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORlA— Arrived Aug 29— Br ship dan
Chilkat. ho
An* 28- schr Fortuna. hence Aug 22; stmr
Gr T a XTO^^ r -Pa^ ce d A A^ 28 -29 7 ship Fe ral .
nand Fisher, from Tacoma, f or Queenstown.
SAN DIEGO-Sailed % Aug 29-Stmr Alice
Blanchard. for Cllpperton Island.
USAL-Salled Aug 29-Schr -award. Parke.
f °COOS BAY-A**vea Aug 2S-Stm Arcata. hnc
A Sailed Auk 28-Schr Melancthon and tug Hun
te EU f REKA-A r r a Hven u g 28-Schr Bertie Minor
fr TACO a MA-iaUed Aug 28-Schr O W Watson.
f°SEPATTIfE-Arrivedf °SE P ATTIfE-Arrived Aug 28— Stm Farallon, f m
DD A STORIA— Arrived Aug 28 — Br ship Duntrune
from Yokohama; Br ship Glenmark, from To
talled" Aug 28— Stmr Columbia, for San Fran-
CI fY'rEKA— Sailed Aug 29— Stmr North Fork.
'°BO a v lEN1 ENS n LANDING-Amved Aug 29-Schr
Ida Schnauer. hence Aug 25.
Sailed Aug 29— Schr Monterey, for San Fran-
Cl FORT ROSS— Sailed Aug 29— Schr La Chil
ena for San TTranclsco. Aug 29— Stmr South
ROCKPORf— Sailed Aug 29— Stmr South
Const, for San Pedro.
TATOOSH • Aug 28 — Nor stmr Titanfa
hence \ue 7i, for Nanaimo: stmr Willamette,
from Seattl/. for San Francisco. Auk 29— Stmr
Mackinaw, from Tacoma, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
GUAYMAS— SaiIed Aug — Stmr Curacao,
for Pan Francisco.
°CAL,LAO— Arrived July — Chil ship Hlndo
stan. from Puget Sound.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Aug Jap
stmr Tamnguchl Maru. from Seattle.
CARDIFF— SaiIed Aug 2<— Br ship Port Cale
donia, for Santa Rosalia.
HIOGO— Aug 25— Ger ship Arthur Fit
ger. for Oregon.
QUEKNSTOWN— Arrived Aug 27— Ger ship
Peter Rlckniers, from Oregon. ■
SYDNEY— Arrived Aug 28— Bark Snow & Bur
gess<, from Tacoma. *
TAKU— Arrived Aug Bktn Catherine Sud
den from Chpmainus.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TFANSATL ANTIC STEAMERS.
MARSEILLES— SaiIed Aug 20— Stmr Alesla,
for New York.
Arrived Aug 29— Stmr Karamlna, from New
BREMEN— Arrived Aug 29— Stmr Bremen, fm
New York.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed Aug 27— Stmr Amster
dam, for New York.
HAMBURG— SaiIed Aug 2S— Stmr Pennsyl
vania, from New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Aug 29— Stmr Koe
nleen Lulse. for New York.
HAMBURG— Arrived Aug 2S— Ptmr Sardinia,
from Baltimore.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug 29— Stm Rhyn
land. from Philadelphia.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Aug 29— Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm 11. from N»w York.
| SWISS-AmERICfIN BANK
' Of Locarno. Switzerland, and
GERMANIA TRUST COMPANY.
124 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
Paid-up Capital and Reserves. $620,000.
(G. T. Co.. $320,000.) (S. A. 8.. $300.000.>
A general banking business transacted. In-
terest paid on savings deposits. Loans on ap-
proved real estate security and on commercial
paper. The GEKMANIA TRUST CO. Is au-
thorized and empowered by the State of Cali-
fornia to act as executor, administrator, guar-
dian ; and trustee. Legal depository for trust
funds.
DIRECTORS— Ernst A. Denicke. A. Sbar-
boro. ■J. C. ' Rued, E. Martinonl, F. C. Sieh*.
A. Tognazzini, ~H. Brunner.-McD. R. Venable.
A. G. ■ Wieland, F. Kronenbcrg. Charles Mar-
tin. C. Gehret. ,P. Tognazzini. S. Grandi. G.
Rottanzl. "
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
™«» Steamers leave Broadway
" l&&9t^^ wharf. San Francisco:
I H?S^B|k_ For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
I itl^&ir^&k August 4. 9. 14. 19. 24. 29. Sept.
I ISkfiSavsßi 3'3 ' transfer at Seattle.
" MfS^C^ Jm% For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
iIVMH C -^' Port Townsend. Seattle.
(i^^^^^Hß Tacoma. Everett. Ar.acortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10
a. m., August 4. 9, 14. 19, 24.
29 Sept. 3, • and every fifth day thereafter, con-
necting at Seattle with this company's steam-
ers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma with
N P. Ry-, at Vancouver with. C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a, m. Aug.
6, 12, ' IS, 24, 30. Sept 5 and every sixth ■ day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, : Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme,
Fan Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a." m., Aug. 1, 5, 9, 13. 17, 21. 25. 29.
Sept 2 and every fourth day thereafter.
- For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara.- Port '
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m Aug. 3. 7. 11, 15. 19. 23. 27. 31, Sept 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata, La Pa Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 18th of
every month. *v- <
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
a rd hmir« of fm'Hnir.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST, STEAMERS TO
P5P 5 O IR, T L -A. INTO
From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Includlne Berths
IMnL $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia Aug. 3. 13. 23. Sept. J
State of California. July 30, Aug. 8, IS, 28. Sept 7
St Paul .$l6 001 St. Louis $tt 09
Kansas City .... M 00 Chicago 14 04
Omaha ....f..".. 26 00 1 New York ........ 31 00
EC. WARD. General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO..
Superintendents.
Cornpapie Generate Transatlantic, ;
French Line to Havre.
Ccmpany's pier : (new). 42 North ■»-pnr
Rlvrr, foot: of Morton st. Travelers <j[i 33>
by ; this line avoid both transit by «3^¥S«?.
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the, channel fn a small boat New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class. $140;
second ■ class, $116. 1
LA TOURAINE ,i..Bept. 3. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE ........../..Sept. 10. 10 a. m.
LA NAVARRE ...J Sept. 17. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE.. ..Sept. 24. 10 a. m.
LA'T0URA1NE........... ..Oct. 1, 10 a. m.
! For further particular apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent, ■
■ No. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
"j" j J." F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. -.
Kj^ js*§jg"*** f Thursday, September 1.
PHEPanifllfi s - s < AUSTRALIA
sails for Honolulu only
iTjll™ w Thursday, September 1.
Q 4 S^T r \ a Vhe' s!" S. MOANA
■|g»§KIHSIBP«' sails via Honolulu and
CylUlllDlliy'- Auc kland for Sydney
(ntt\Pff\fll}~- Wednesday, September
«*-S ■, : . . *y.lilfJUH.«l . 7 a t 9 p. m." •
Line to COOLGARDIE 'Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
-J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
j- • . 114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Market ?t.. Snn rnni-l^n.
BAY ANDiEIVEE STEAMERS.
FOR U.S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
- - Steamer "Montlcello.'! -
Mon.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat •••■••• „
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m ex. Thurm.)
Friday5.... .......;. ......1P- m. and 8:30 p. m -
Sundays.:...--......... 10:30 a. m. «nd Bp. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pier 8.
Telephone Red 2241.
TAKE TilE BOAT TO SAN JOSE.
EVERY "DAY AND SUNDAY.' TOO. at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO. Clay street .Wharf. Fare 730.
Delightful Bay Trip, 44 miles and return.
.On Sunday ; Excursion. ;?!/■■ANGELIA R.
SCOTT'S WILL
IS SUSTAINED
The Testatrix Was of
; ; Sound Mind.
JUDGE COFFEYS OPINION
HE REFERS TO HER RATHER
■';•■■•. PECULIAR PERSONALITY.
: • She Was Proud of Her Figure and
Used to Indulge in Nude
■';... Gambols Before Her
:": ' Mirror,
.'A.- .decision wns rendered by Judge Cof
.. \fey yesu-rday sustaining the will of Mis.
•:Arigeiia H. Scott. The contest Hied by
: Emerson W. Scott, husband of the de
■' '.ceased, was found to be without merit,
: ..and the $450 of the tesnurix will
■'. he d.istribut. d according to her desfrea.
■V -The fortune lift by Mrs. Bcott was L.e
.■:••'? <jueathed her by her iirst husband, S. P.
■ -Collins, a prominent liquor dealer, of tno
' firm of'Wheeland <fc Collins. At the ad
..-v'anced age of 5o she, in March of lSb'J,
married Scott, whq was a widower, sev
■ ernl years her junior, and the father of
. several children. In December of Is 9" she
died. A few days later her will was Bled,
and the husband, after many bequests
were specilied, was given twu-tifths of the
residue, a bequest valued at about $15,000..
' Those to whom the bulk of the estate was
■ bequeathed were: Mrs. Louisa Garcia, a
sister of the testatrix; her niece, Mrs.
' Helen Gerrish, and her nephew, Frank
C*errigh Jr.
Scott in the contest charged undue In
fluence, and especially based his conten
tion thai the will should be set a^ide on
lhe allegation that his ■wife was insane
when she executed the instrument. lie
charged that Mrs. Garcia. Mrs. Gerrish
and frank Gerrish had poisoned his wife's
i;.. . l him. had made false state
• jnents and led her to believe that he had
been guilty of Infidelity. By reason of
- this influence Mrs. Scott became jealous
•.: of her husband, and, as he alleged, treat
■■ edhim uniustly in her will.
The case was tried before Judge Coffey,
and was sensational to a degree when it
r- ferred to the disposition and conduct of
Mrs. Scott. As reviewed by the court in
the decision, "Mrs. Soott was a woman
•.. endowed with physical form of symmet
rical-proportions, with stately presence
and digniiied carriage, conscious of her
Charms, ■ proud and vain of her beauty
and avaricious of admiration and jealous
' of attention bestowed upon others of her
sex, of whom she was not fond, having
. . little confidence in the virtue of women
and less faith in woman's virtue." Nev
ertheless, she was of sound mind, holds
the court, and was capable of disposing
of her property as her conscience die
. tated.
At the time of his marriage Scott was
In .financial distress. He, for some time,
had met with but little success in busi
ness, and new duties devolved upon him
when he came to manage his wife's es
tate, and as such manager he was not a
; success. The court, on the other hand,
.: finds that Mrs, Scott was learned in busi
methods and shrewd. It was nat
ural under the circumstances that she
should have been disappointed, states
Judge Coffoy, in finding that her 1; I
' was lacking in business ability. Her abil
ity and her disappointment that her hus
band was not so gifted are strong cvi- j
dences of her sanity. As to h«r personal
'ttatnre, the court found that she was
coarse, oi.se^-ne and immodest. Although
•. • proud and stately in public bearing,
. :ln.'her- home, states the court, "she
threw off hi r affe< tation of r"s< rye and
■' reticence and assumed an abandon of act
•" and expression that would put Billings
gate' to blush and cause Its fishmongers
■ to hide their heads in shame." She used
;• obscene language, indulged in nude gam
..:. .'tols before her mirror and was guilty of
• departure from modesty in many ways,
■ but the court refused to consider such
• characteristics as evidence of insanity.
•.. Another point in her favor was that she
had reason to believe that h<;r husband
was unfaithful to her, and reference was
■ made to an occasion when she caught her
husband fondling a servant girl.
' :'. The will also is strong evidence of the
sanity of the testatrix. She disposed of
her property in a natural way. remember
ing relatives of her first husband as well
as those of her second. She left her hus
band that portion that pleased her mind,
and that it did not please her husband is
no reason for setting it aside, Conse
quently, the will was sustained.
S^ott. it is believed, will take an appeal
to the Supreme Court.
FIRST WEDDING
OF THE SEASON
Miss Muriel Atherton Se
lects Her Bridesmaids.
Debutantes for '98.
The social season is to be inaugurated
by a fashionable wedding, in whirh the
hlfrh contracting parties will be Miss Mv
:• riel Atherton and Albert Russell. No def
inite date for the wedding has yet been
announced, although it has been decided
. that the marriage will be celebrated In
. the very near future.
... Miss Atherton, who was one of the moat
'• • popular of the many pretty debutantes of
••'• last vcar, has already chosen her brides
maids and maid of honor. Her brldes
;- jnaids will be the Misses Kate end Mar
■ garet Salisbury, Miss Susie Blanding,
■"' Miss Clara Hamilton and Miss Florence
Jffrtflrr Miss Frances Moore will be the
ma-id of honor.
■ The debutantes this season are to be
but few, but they Will make up in
grace and wit and beauty for the pov
erty of their numbers. Only four buds
have thus far decided to make their ini
tial bow to society this winter and they
are Miss Olive Holbrook, Miss Margery
Gibbon*. Miss Josephine Loughborough
and Miss Alma McClung.
Miss Holbrook is the daughter of
Charles Holbrook and the sister of Mrs.
Sam Knight and Harry Holbrook. Miss
■ Loughborouph is the daughter of Mrs. A.
EL Loiighborough an'] Miss Gibbons the
daughter of Dr. :iml Mrs. Henry "Gibbon?.
Ail (it the debutantes have many friends
and -lovely homes and will doubtless en
tertain extensively, as well as grace the
many entertainments that are sure to be
given in their honor.
Admiral Brown Arrives.
Admiral George Brown arrived from
•Washington yesterday morning and is
fjtoppinß at- the Palace. Admiral Hrown
was formerly on the retired list, but was
recalled Into Bervii c shortly after the out- I
break of the war. His comtag to the I
coast at the preseni time ta for the pur
poM of Inspecting the Mare [eland navy
yard. He will rt-rnaln here for some tim<\
GRAPE-NUTS.
PASTY CEREALS
Responsible for Many Cases of Indi-
gestion.
- Many cooks send cooked cereals to
the breakfast table in a starchy, pasty
and wholly indigestible manner. You
are sure of a properly cooked dish
when Grape-Nuts are served, for abso-
■ lutely no preparation of any kind is
■ required, therefore the flavor and ease
of digestion are just as intended by
. the. food experts who make Grape-
Nuts. . Try them. Made by Postum
• Co., Battle Creek, Mich,
Leading g-rocers sell Grape-Nuts*
OFFER OF A
CAMP GROUND
AT HONOLULU
Not Far From the
Business Center.
IS SUPPLIED WITH WATER
TROUBLES OF THE SEVENTH
CALIFORNIA REGIMENT.
Another Emphatic Denial of an
Epidemic of Typhoid Fever Is
Made by the
Officers.
Just before his departure for Honolulu
General Merriam received a letter from
Colonel Barber stating that it was a dif
ficult matter to find suitable camping
grounds there for the troops that were to
be sent to the islands. A day or two later
there came instructions from Washington
revoking the order to forward troops to
Honolulu until the return of General Mer
riam, who would report upon a camp site.
When General Merriam comes back
from the islands, In about two weeks,
whether or not he has discovereu any
camping ground in or near Honolulu, he
will find awaiting him here an offer of a
suitable site. The offer is made by CL.
Wllcox, a. prominent business man of
Honolulu and a member of the Hawaiian
Senate. Mr. Wilcox, who is indorsed by
Senator Perkins, consulted with Colonel
Berry of the Seventh California in regard
to the matter and at the Colonel's sugges
tion he put his proposition in writing and
addressed it to General Merriam. It is
as follows:
Understanding that the forwarding of troops
to Honolulu, as ' contemplated, has been inter
fere! with because doubts have been created
as to securing a suitable camp ground, I would
respectfully submit that I am the owner of a
tract of land within two miles of the business
center of Honolulu, It being the unoccupied
portion of a block, and containing- about NO
l.y 4UO feet, of land adjacent to and bounded
by Sheridan and King streets, along one of
w hlch a Government water pipe Is laid, which
I hereby offer for use as a temporary camp
ground, from one to six months, at the option
of the Government, for any troops the United
States Government may desire 'to fjfward
there: the only condition being that when the
ground Is vacated by the troops it be placed
In as good condition as when the/ took pos
session of It.
NO EPIDEMIC OF TYPHOID.
Officers of th© Seventh Califor
nia Again Make an Em
phatic Denial.
Regarding the article published In yes
terday's Chronicle in relation to the in
crease of typhoid fever in the Seventh
California Regiment, and the statement
that Major Choate and his assistants were
diagnosing the cases as measles, when
they were fever, in order to su-nress the
seriousness of the malady, Major Mat
thews, surgeon in charge of the division
hospital, makes the following statement:
"I want to say once and for the last
time that no epidemic of typhoid fever
exists in the Seventh California Regiment.
The percentage of sickness in the regi
ment is small. We have here the healthi
est army corps in the United States ser
vice. There is no reason £or the daily
publication of the sensational articles
that have been appearing, for there is no
truth in them. Tue statement published
by the Chronicle that the medical officers
of this hospital said that the surgtons of
the Seventh Regiment were diagnosing
cases as measles when they were fever is
not true, as that statement was not made
by myself or any of my officers. Let me
tell the public that there have been in the
Division Hospital two deaths from ty
phoid fever. The others have been most
ly from pneumonia and a complication of
other diseases with typhoid fever. The
fact that the hospital is so crowded is be
cause we are sending no patients away
now, and not that there is any alarming
■increase in any disease. These are the
facts in the case and there is no cause
for such alarm as the sensational articles
now being published would indicate. I
have given the facts to The Call once be
fore and I repeat them again so that the
public may know the truth."
Colonel Berry makes the following
statement: "I want to say through the
columns of The Call, for it is the paper
that has stood for decency and reliabil
ity ever since the war began, that these
articles that are being published in the
Chronicle, in which it is daily asserted
that my regiment is suffering from an
epidemic of typhoid fever and that my
medical officers are perjuring themselves
by diagnosing the cases as one thing
when they are another, is a personal at
tack upon me. The report that the regi
ment was kept at Camp Merritt when
the men were dying of fever, simply for
the re.-ison that we wanted to get away
to Honolulu, and that the fact that fever
was raging in the command was kept a
secret from General Miller is absolutely
false. I myself, at the suggestion of
Major Choate, went twice to see General
Miller and told him that if we were not
to be sent away the regiment should
be moved at once, as there was some
fever among the men, and I thought that
it was due to some local trouble.
"By no means all of the fever cases that
have been sent from the regiment are
typhoid; many of them are malarial with
tvphold symptoms, as will be borne out
by the reports of the division hospital
surgeons. Knowing that The Call has
been reliable in all of its statements and
that it has taken no notice of the yellow
sensations of the camp, but has simply
told the truth, I make this statement
because I want the public to know the
facts.
"The percentage of sickness in the regi
ment is very small. At present it is leas
than 10 per cent, while frequently it has
been the case that regiments have had
over 30 per cent of sickness, and not
much was thought of it."
THE "HOODOO" REGIMENT.
Little Chance of the Seventh
Seeing Active Service.
It looks as though fate was against the
Seventh Regiment of California Volun
teers and that it is destined to pass Into
history as the "Hoodoo Regiment." Its
members were among the first to enlist
in response to the call of their country,
but bo far they have only had the oppor
tunity of lighting measles and typhoid
fever In the most unhealthful place on the
peninsula. The Chamber of Commerce
urged the President of the United States
to do what he could to give the boys a
chance at the front and the answer re
ceived yesterday indicates that the sol
j diers of the Seventh are to become per
j manent residents of this city, the follow
' ing dispatch coming from the War De-
I partmtnt, which gives little or no encour
agement of active service:
Hugh Craig— Sir: Acknowledging the receipt
of your letter to the President or the 29th
ultimo. In which you say that the Seventh
California Regiment of Infantry was the first
to leave their homes for the volunteer service
of the United States and are greatly disap
pointed at being held In California so long,
while Kastern regiments are being sent to the
front, the Secretary of War desires me to In
form you that the Dejiurtment does not at
present contemplate the sending of any troops
further Weßt than Honolulu, Sandwich Isl
ands. Very respectfully,
11. EL HUSTAND.
Assistant Adjutant General.
War Incidents.
The board of officers to assess the dam
ages done' the property of Zero Thomas
by- the soldiers of -the Tennessee regi
ment was not In session yesterday ' owing
to the - sickness of Captain Bishop. ■
The case of W. ,W. Rosser, the hos
pital steward of the First Tennessee regi
ment, charged '■- with opening- a bottle of
Government whisky, i was heard 4by - the
general court martial yesterday. Tho
case of Clarke, \ implicated *in the riot,
will be . taken, "up\ by the court '< to-day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 30, 1898.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
STORY TOLD
BY A METER
Twenty-Three Prices Is
Paid for Water.
DISCOVERY OF A CHURCH
WATER COMPANY NOT IN A
HURRY TO SHOW FIGURES,
From Three Dollars and a Half the
Bill Was Reduced.
to Fif teen. y-
Cents, ,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug.. 29..
The Church of the Advent has enjoyed
an experience with the Contra Costa
Water Company that throws more than
a shadow on the methods in > vogue for
taxing property according to schedule. •
For a long time the church' has been
taxed $3 40 a month for its supply of wa
ter The trustees discussed the matter
and concluded that no such amount of
water could possibly be used. A commit
tee was appointed to visit the company
to see if better ' terms " could ' not ; be ar
ranged. There was a good deal of dis
cussion, but nothing . satisfactory --was
done until the company suggested that
the church put in a meter and pay by the
the bill might be high
er, but anxious to make the ■experiment.
Treasurer A. J. Read accepted the meter
proposition. ' The machine was put in ana
the first month under the new method of, ;
measuring has passed. To the suprise of
all concerned the bill amounted to $1. As
this is the minimum rate allowed under
the ordinance for places where a meter is
used the committee suspected that it had
not used even the amount of water repre
sentel by the dollar. They went to the
company's office to satisfy their curiosity,
and the -following story, of the interview
was told to-day by one of the church otn
"On going Into the office the clerk, said
that as the bill was for the minimum
amount allowed on meter rates It should
be satisfactory. We told him it was emi
nently satisfactory, but • that we were a
little curious. We -wanted to know the
exact amount of water the church had
used. The clerk fumbled hastily through
a lot of tags and finally told us that wo
hadn't used quite a dollar's worth.
" 'If it is not against- your rules, said
one of the party, 'would you mind letting
us know the exact amount? We are sat
isfied to pay a dollar a month, but after
all the Interest that has been manifested
in our water bill we would like definite
figures.' ■ . I ,:'
"The clerk fumbled among some more
tags and- finally imparted the information
that the church during the hottest month
of summer had used 7do gallons of water,
which, at the schedule rates, is of the
value of fifteen cents." ■■ : •■
When making a plea before the Council
for the establishment of a minimum rate
for meters, the water company's officials
stated that it was necessary and just be
cause certain parties, notably Chinese
laundrymen, had been detected allowing
their faucets to trickle continually, thus
gaining a large .amount of water, > but In
such a manner that it did not register on
the meter. The church officers, however,
deny that they have descended to ' any
such subterfuge and are much-amused to
find that three nickels Is their Just rate
Instead of $340.:; ■ y.rr V*.. V, -:'J\
TO BUILD A NEW SCHOOL,
The Teachers' War at Claremont to
Be Waged to the Bitter End.
OAKLAND, Aug. 29.— Perhaps never has
a more determined fight been waged to
upset politics in a school board than that
which has almost been brought to a head
In Claremont,
To-day the public school teacher. Miss
Landstrom,' taught but seven children,
while her rival, Miss Mintle Gerow,
taught twenty-one In the tent under the
trees near the entrance to the Ainsworth
place. The school in the tent is to be lo
cated in more permanent quarters. Trus
tee Logan, who is the only friend on the
board of three favorable to Miss Gerow,
has consulted with the parents of the
children in her class, and they have de
cided to erect at once a commodious
schoolhouse. The plans have been pre
pared, and in a few weeks the building
will be ready.
"Billy" Valentine's Estate.
OAKLAND, Aug. 29.— Mary B. Valen
tine has petitioned for letters of adminis
tration on the estate of her late husband.
William T. Valentine, who died Intestate
in Alameda on the 24th inst. The estate
consists of money on deposit in the Ala
meda Savings Bank not exceeding J1200;
household effects, and real estate, the
value of which is unknown. Prior to his
death deceased deeded to Thomas White,
his intimate friend, his home on Railroad
avenue, Alameda, with a lot 100x200 feet,
worth about $4000, and over this there will
probably be some litigation.
Home for Convalescents.
OAKLAND, Aug. 29.— The Oakland Red
Cross Society has opened a convalescent
home for soldiers on Piedmont avenue,
opposite Keller's nursery. The necessity
for this action was so urgent that the
committee met yesterday and arranged
to receive the convalescent soldiers to
day. Some of these soldiers are so sick
and weak they can hardly walk, yet had
not Oakland opened her doors to them
they would have had to sleep on the
ground.
The Stage Her Choice.
OAKLAND, Aug. 29,— Miss Carmelita
Yost Is to appear before the local foot
lights. She has been engaged by the
management of the Dewey Opera House
and will appear nightly in various roles
for some time to come. Miss Yost is
the daughter of the late D. Z. Yost, the
stock broker, who for ten years was pri
vate secretary to the late Inland Stan
ford. She is also a niece of the late
Thomas H. Selby, of the Selby Smelt
ing Works.
Jesse Wall'B Funeral.
OAKLAND, Aug. 29.— The funeral of
Jesse S. Wall took place this morning
from the family residence corner of. Oak
and Sixth streets. The funeral was at
tended by many old friends, including a
number of early pioneers, among whom
deceased was well known. The services
were conducted by Rev. David McClure.
The Interment was In Mountain View
Cemetery.
Fled to England.
OAKLAND, Aug. 29.— Rather a sensa
tional stage in the suit between Michael
J. Lawler and his wife was reached to
day, when it developed in court that the
husband had fled to England with the !i
year-old child, who has been the cause of
the controversy for nearly four years.
Silva Declared Insane.
OAKLAND. Aug. 29.-Samuel Sllva, the
water-brained lover, who was arrested
last Saturday, was examined to-day by
Judge Greene and Drs. Bradley and Web
ster. He was declared insane and com
mitted to the Mendoclno State Hospital.
Oakland Court Notes.
OAKLAND, Aug. 29.— Judge Greene to
day granted a divorce to Mary D. Jen
sen from Oscar 11. F. Jensen on the
ground of desertion.
Ambrose F. Edwards and W. G. Ellis
have been appointed executors of the es
tate of Robert W. Edwards, deceased.
Annie Rosenthal petitioned the Superior
Court to-day to have Julian Rosenthal,
aged 11 years, committed to the Preston
Industrial School. The lad was found
guilty this morning in the Police Court
of petty larceny. Judge Hall- later slgne.d
an order sending the boy to the school for
eleven years.
Mrs. Frank F. Titus has been granted
a divorce from her husband on the
ground of neglect. She was awarded the
custody of the minor child and $20 per
month alimony.
Mrs. Nellie Ayers, wife of Special Offi
cer Alonzo T. Ayers. has filed her an
swer and a cross complaint to her hus
band's suit Jfar divorce on the ground
ot cruelty- She asks foe alimony, .costs
and counsel fees and custody of their
child.
TO IMPBOVE LAKE MEBRITT.
Oakland City Council Appropriates
Eighty Thousand Dollars
for the Purpose.
"OAKLAND, Aug. 29.— The ordinance
■appropriating $80,000 for the ; improve-.
ment of Lake Merritt and its surround
ing sanitary conditions was passed unan
imously by the City Council to-night. A
very influential delegation of citizens at
tended, but j the . iftatter needed |no dis
cussion, as the details • had * been amply
set forth •at previous meetings. •'; ■' .
Messrs. Glrard and Earl entered into a
very ungentlemanly discussion over the
purchase of an engine " house ' site some
years- ago, and a quarrel » followed In'
which the word "liar" was comparatively
tame. This was renewed < several -^ times
during the evening, and on. more than
one . occasion • the two - representatives
from the Second • Ward shot the ' word
liar i across the * chamber. This called
forth a protest from Brosn'ahan, who said,
that if -the two ! gentlemen wished. to do
politics they should hire a hall and pre
pare for the • election -where they would
not interfere with business.
A resolution to rent quarters for the
poundmaster. was laid over. 'Another
resolution to provide a horse and buggy
for one of the sanitary inspectors' was
said by Girard to be a covert move to in
crease a salary. Earl denied it, and the
vote being against it the matter was laid
over. The ordinance imposing a license
on many kinds of businesses and reducing
the liquor license to $50 from $100 per quar
ter was laid over for a week.
B. C. Cuvellier introduced the following
resolution: "That the Board of Public
Works be and it is hereby directed to
make an investigation into the causes for
the large monthly water bills for use of
water in the City Hall, and make a report
to this Council at its next regular meet
ing." v - ...
The ordinance prohibiting the sale of
cigarettes and forbidding the smoking of
cigarettes by minors ana in public places
was passed finally to-night. President
Heltman alone voting no. .. '',
The Council will meet as a committee of
the whole on Wednesday night to estab
lish the tax levy for the next fiscal year. ,
iiirii: , , ■ ♦ ■ . '~^~'
Rheumatism, kidney, liver diseases cured. i>r.
Gordin, Sanitarium. 514 Pine.nr. Kearny.S.F. Cat.'.
■ ♦ ■
WRIGHT GETS NOTHING.
Must Pay Costs of Suit Against the
Oil Works.
OAKLAND, Aug. 29.— A remittitur has
been returned from the State Supreme
Court reversing the decision of the Supe
rior Court in the damage suit of W. H.
Wright against the Pacific Coast Oil Com
pany. Wright was given judgment for
$1170, and defendant argued for a new J
trial, but it was denied. The case was ap- j
pealed and has hung fire for two years.
By the decision of the Supreme Court
W right's judgment is rendend void and
he is compelled to pay costs of appeal.
Wright was un employe at the oil works
in Alameda. His duty was to attend the
thirteen oil vats on the place. One night
in November, 1535, a vat sprung a leak
and the boiling oil poured out upon him,
incapacitating him from work.
Died of His Injuries.
OAKLAND, Aug. 29.— James McPhcr-
I son, a teamster in the employ of Ryan
I Bros., died this morning from Injuries re
ceived last Thursday, lie was struck by
a big timber and received internal inju
! ries. Deceased was aged 49 years and
leaves a widow. Coroner Baldwin will
| hold an inquest at Llvermore to-morrow.
Church Anniversary.
OAKLAND, Aug. 29.-The forty-fifth
: anniversary of the establishment of the
First Protestant Church in this city will
! be celebrated next Sunday, at the First
; Presbyterian Church. Special religious
i services will be held, and on Wednesday
j evening an appropriate programme of
i literary exercises will be carried out.
Bridge Plans Approved.
OAKLAND. Aug. 29.— Secretary of War
Alger has forwarded a communication to
the Supervisors approving of the map of
location and plans of the new bridge to be
constructed at Webster street. The^rork
must be done under the supervision of the.
United States Engineer and must ba com
pleted before June 30 next.
SEEGEANTS APPOINTED.
Men in the Junior Class at Berkeley
"Who Will Drill as Non-
Commissioned Officers.
.BERKELEY, Aug. 29.-The following
appointments were announced to-day by
the military department of the University
of California. They are for members of
the junior class who have drilled for
two years, and are now entering the lints
to compete for officers' rank next year.
Their names are given In the order of
their assignment to companies:
First Sergeants— J. D. Hoffman, A; F.
G. Dorety. B; C. Seyler, C; E. W. Oliver,
I); D. Dolman, E; M. 11. Miller, F; R. H.
Collins, G; H. S. Robinson. H; J. V. de
Laveaga, Signal Detachment; L. S. Gear,
Bicycle Corps, vice W. H. Shuey, absent
on leave.
Second Sergeants— A. Remmel, A; W.
Neiman, B; £. L. Oliver, C; P. Selby, D;
A. C. Babson, E; A. W. Palmer, F; H. L.
Breed, G; J. McNab, H; R. Hanna, Signal
Detachment; L. B. Cheminant, Bicycle
Corps.
Third Sergeants— J. L. Kennedy, A; W.
H. Hilton, B; C. M. Coleman, C; E. B.
Marsh, D; E. W. de Coto, E; N. H. Gar
rison, F; R. W. Simonds, G; R. S. Hasel
tine, H; J. M. O'Brien, Signal Detach
ment; D. M. Spencer, Bicycle Corps.
Fourth Sergeants— Pl. L. Moulthrop, W.
A. li. Foster, A. G. Tasheira, A. Wise, W.
R. Hodgkin, C. \V. Peck, R. L. Oliver, B.
T. Baker.
Fifth Sergeants— F. M. Foster, M. W.
Dlnkelsplel. H. C. Luke forth, J. C. Nich
ols, R. W. GoodfeHow, C. Williams, A- W.
Woodsum, C. li. Locklin.
Color Sergeants— M. L. McCullough and
L. O. O'Toole.
First Lieutenant — Oliver Dibble as
signed to Company H. Second Lieuten
ant—A. M. Magee, assigned to Com
pany A.
A Fresno Boy Honored.
BERKELEY, Aug. 29.— Silas W. Gels of
the class of "98, University of California,
has been awarded the California-Yale
Alumni Fellowship, an honor that is be
stowed every two years upon an honor
graduate from one of the universities In
the State, who is at liberty to do ad
vanced study at Yale. Gels comes from
Fresno, whero his preparatory training
was done. He entered Berkeley In 1895,
as a student in the college of the social
sciences. His special subjects were- his
tory and economics, in both of which his
standing was unusually high. He will
leave for New Haven in time to bo present
at the opening of the c- .iioge year.
Broke His Leg.
ALAMEDA, Auk. 29.— Otto Frees© of
1229 Pearl street met with a painful acci
dent Saturday night. He hnd been out
on his bicycle and was returning home.
He turned from the street on to tho side
walk, and In the darkness failed to see
a high putter stone. He rode full tilt into
■the curb and was thrown violently to the
ground, breaking his left leg below the
knee. He was also badly bruised by his
fall.
A Peculiar Acclfent.
ADA MED A, Aug. 29.— W. H. Ramsey of
1809 Eneinal avenue was sitting on his
porch smoking a pipe Saturday evening
whon he lost his balance and fell to the
ground. In striking he broke one of his
arms, and in addition the stem of the pipe
was driven into his tongue and broken otT
so that it required a surgical operation
to remove the fragments.
To March, to San Jose.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 29.— 1t has been an
nounced that the Eighth Regiment will
march to San Jose to participate in the
Admission day celebration in that city on
September 9. According to the "pro
gramme the regiment will start on S j>
tember 6 in heavy marching order and
will take throe days to make the trip. The
men will take shelter tents and rations.
Alaineda News Items.
ALAMEDA, Jfng. 29.— At the annual
conference of the Methodist Church to be
held on September 15 at Pacific Grove, a
successor to Rev. F. D. Bovard oi this
city will be appointed. It Is expected that
Rev. Edward Dennett of Santa Rosa will
succeed Dr. Bovard.
The annual county convention of the
Woman's Christian Temperance Union
will be held in the First Presbyterian
Church in thia city on Tuesday and
Wednesday of this week.
Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Hlul of this city will
leave to-morrow for Germany to take
part In the diamond wedding or Mr. Hjul's
MONEY TO BE
PICKED UP
Lawyers Desire to Help
Alameda's Treasury.
WANT HALF OF THE BOOTY
THIBTY THOUSAND DOLLARS
OWED BY THE STATE.
Supervisors Will Hold a Special
Meeting to Consider
a the Matter in
Detail.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, Aug. 29.
It Is believed there Is a sum of $30,000
duo Alameda County from the State
treasury on account of rebates and other
charges that have not been refunded to
the county. This matter was called to the
attention of the Board of Supervisors by
ex-Judge Nusbaumer on behalf of Messrs.
Rogers, Paterson & Slack of San Fran
cisco, who offered to do the legal work
In return for 50 per cent of all .money col
lected.
District Attorney Church advised the
Supervisors this morning that they had
full power to employ counsel In the man
ner suggested.
Attorney Nusbaumer warned the board
that unless the money was collected be
fore January 1 the Legislature might pass
a remedial statute putting the money out
of the reach of the county. He said the
attorneys he represented would pay all
expenses and do all work for a contingent
fee. The attorney stated that the officers
who have been handling the revenues of
the State in this county have overpaid the
State, but he could not tell just what
money or what amount had been thus lost
to the county.
Supervisor Church thought the plan a
good one. He said the board would be
under no expense in getting the money, j
and If it was due it should be paid back. !
His remarks were supplemented by Mr.
Nusbaumer, who said it would be just like
finding money.
Supervisor Roeth wanted to know why
this money could not be collected by the
District Attorney, to which Mr. Nus- ;
baumer replied that the District Attorney
could, collect the money, but he would
have to be told where to find It.
Supervisor Mitchell said he had been In
formed that there is about $30,000 to be
thus collected, and he thought that $15,w0
was too much to pay the attorneys. He
suggested that vie board meet as a com- j
mittee of the whole and talk the matter
over, and this suggestion was adopted.
Students to Marry.
OAKLAND, Aug. 29.— Fred Hathaway
Blxby of Los Angeles and a former stu
dent at the State University has secured
a license to marry Miss Florence Green
of the class of 1900. The prospective bride
was valedictorian of her class in the Sac
ramento High School two years ago.
A RESERVE FUND.
The 'Woodnien of the World Decide
to Create One for the Pacific
Coast.
The Head Camp of the Pacific Jurisdic
tion of the Woodmen of the World re
sumed business yesterday. At the morn
ing session the subject of creating a re
serve fund for the jurisdiction was taken
up and discussed at great length, Uut be
fore any conclusion was reached the mat
ter was passed until the afternoon.
The proposition to creat a new head
camp officer, that of editor of the Pacific
Woodman, the official organ, published in
Denver. Colo., was taken up. This took
up considerable time, but was finally car
ried and A. B. Keith of Butte, Mont., was
elected to that position.
At the afternoon session the reserve
fund matter was taken up again and the
greatest latitude was given to all dele
gates to express their views. It was de
cided that a reserve fund should be
formed, the vote being almost unanimous.
An adjournment was taken until this
morning.
The Women of Woodcraft were in ses
sion all day yesterday and spent the time
in the discussion of proposed changes in
the constitution, each section being con
sidered separately.
On Sunday the sovereign officers, Head
Camp officers and delegates, together with
the Women of Wooueraft, were taken in
carriages to the park, Sutro Heights,
Sutro Baths and the Cliff House. The
visitors were shown all the objects of In
terest and in the afternoon there was a
banquet at the Cliff at which there were
present 180 persons.
AN ATTORNEY ACQUITTED.
E. M. Comyns Did Not Commit Petty
Larceny by Trick and Device.
Attorney E. M. Comyns was tried be
fore a jury in Judge Joachimsen's court
yesterday on the charge of obtaining (SO
from Peter Cunningham, the old miser,
by trick and device. Comyns defend
ed Cunningham when he was tried
before Judge Conlan on a charge of va
grancy and the old man alleged that $10
was the fee agreed upon. Comyns later
got possession of the receipt for $50 bail
money put up by Cunningham and got
A card engraver and designer who Kves in Brooklyn, says :
""I work steadily all day in a downtown office in New York.
Often when I get through at * night, I am tired arid faint at my
stomach. I suppose my stomach is tired too. Anyway I feel
hungry and I■ am apt to eat too much supper, and the cons©.
quence is I ; frequently used to have a bad stomach all; night
and a head on me the next morning. - But I have lately found
.that if I take a
RIPANS TABULE
after my supper, i,t digests all right- Whenever my stomach
has -extra work to do, the : Tabu le takes hold and, helps liko
' * hired man."
. ~- x ~~ -..■■■: ■•■--, ,, — --•* ■■■■:■: . ■■-:■:■-'■-■-:. -\\ . ■ : ■ ;>; > :>: >-
the money from the City Treasurer on an
order from the Police Court clerk.
Comyns in his defense stated that Cun
ningham had agreed to give him the $50
for obtaining boiifls for his release and
looking after the case on appeal, and the
jury believing him brought in a verdict
of not guilty
Sullivan Arraigned.
Cornelius J. Sullivan was arraigned In
Judffe Mogan's court yesterday on the
charge of murdering his stepfather, John
C. Pratt, at the latter's residence. 633
Minna street, Saturday night. He pleaded
not guilty and the case was continued till
September 2.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Catherine K. Campbell has applied for
a divorce from John Campbell on the
gTound of desertion. Violet E. Styles asks
for a divorce from ttobert Styles. As a
cause of action the plaintiff alleges fall
urn to provide.
ADVERTISEMENTS, _ .
"*" "*"•• j _W_£h_*-^_.
CARTERS
yfe S I HH I T T L B
-^■k'-iti^'ijS || ■■■■!
JjSBBBSd&kG I SVeR
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
lattle Pills.
' They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. .' •
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
■ • DOXOTDESPAim DonotSuf-
rfflKfflnifiTfc fer Longer! The joys and ambitions of
iySS^WtSI life can be restored to you. The very
Hvf WS worst cases of .Vervoiu lleblllty aro
a absolutely cured by PEKFECTO
fer Longer! The joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The very
worstcasesof Siervoun Debility are
absolutely nirnl by PKKFEOTO
%S. TABLET!). Give prompt relief to in-
«?*rif "^feia somnia, failing memory and the waste
and drain of vital powers, incurred by
'T'yviSjSj' indiscretions or excesses of e*rly years.
tJ NJw'*'^^ Impart Tifror and potency to every func-
tion Brace up the system. . Give .jOto^ bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of/-*T\young or old.
One We box renews vital energy. rJIfJB boxes at
$3. 50 a. complete guaranteed cure x-» t*-r or money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest ■^•■sr- pocket. Sold
everywhere. or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
price by THE PKKFECTO CO., C&xton Bide., Chle.go, 111.
Sold by Owl Drug CO.. San Fran, and Oakland.
g?3PiDR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
B_g|^Tt_ I Five hundred reward for any cas.
H j__U we cannot cure. This secret remedy
I . ■ stops all losses in 24 hours, cure*
EwSf —CSS Emissions, Impotency, Varicocele.
ry*W m? Gonorrhoea, Gleet.. Fits, Stricture*.
liUiJ (HI Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
KP ■ fects of self-abuse or excesses. ■ Seat
yiih**™!® sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guara-
nteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. t AIM
for sale at 1073* Market St., S. F. AU pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send tor fr— book.
/^^V Dr. Gibbon's i)ispensaryi
Mj. jx-^R G25 HEARST ST. : Established
$ir»i¥**iS&R\ in I«» 54 for thp treatment of Private
aDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KGABNT ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
' i disease wearing on body and mind and -
-CB^^^ni^kinDinpast-s. The doctor cures when
.'Cfi^aSlfi others fall. Try him. Charges low. ;
i'niftgnaraßtffd. Callorwrlte.
' Dr. J. W. uIBBOK. Box 1957, San Francisco.
_^BY DEWEY.STRONG &CO._sj_gg_^
£\ v '^\___o___bs_«_b j^ J
(^ J
\£|l^33o MARKET ST. S.F.\S^ '
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMIANA BITTERS, TECS
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
«tr«Bjrt— to the sexual orxmn*.
RAILBOAD TKAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY ' 'j
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO. )]
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car*
. and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Car* ■ ■
rvi ...:. Run on the Following Time I . " "■-■
tieave San Francisco.4 :3o p. m., &M.T.W.T.F.HL ' !
Arrive Denver...' 5:00 p. m., W.T.F.B.S.M.T. j
Arrive Kansas City..7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W. - i
Xrrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m.. T.F.B.S.M.T.W, '•■
Arrive Chicago ..9:00 p. m., T.F.B.S.M.T.W. '
•! HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason-
I- able Rates. ' '
YOU WILL BE COMFORTABLB
I . , IS You Travel on the Santa Fa, (
ai.FUICJSCI TICKET OFFICE— MARKET si
' • " TELEPHONE MAIN 15SL
Oakland Offioe— lllB. Broadway. /
i .. Sacramento Offioe— 2ol , J Street. .
1 Ban Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Clar*
? RAILROAD TRAVEL. '
S«ITIIEK.\ I'Atli'lC COMPACT*
(PACIFIC BTBTKU.) .- j . ■ " \
Trnlai lenv« nod nre tla« »• i»rrlwe »t ' ,
SAN I'KANCMI'O.
(Main Line. Foot of Market B trod)
uuvs — Paoic Joit 10. 1838. ' — AMITB
■6:OAa Niks, San Jose »nd Way Station*... ••»t4«A.
7iU«a Benici*, Huisun and Sacramento.... l»»«a_
7 MarysTille. and Redding via
Woodland.... .". ■■•.••»«*■»
7:»«a Klmira, Vacarille and Ramsey...... ' »«4»*
7 :3«a Martinez, San Ramon. Vsllejo. N»pe» -
CalUtogn and Santa Ros* Vim*
»iOOa Atlantic Kxpress, Ogden and Kail.. »t*9W
KiStfA San Jose, Stockton, Valley Spring;
• lone, Sacramento, MarysTille,
CWco, Tehama and Re<l DluS.... ;•' *•••»
SO a Peters, Oakdaie and Jamestown .... , '«««»
•■:3»a Milton *Til»»
Oi«Oa New Orleans Kipress. Meroed, Fres-
• no, Bakersfleli- Santa- Barbara, •
Los Angeles. D«miiif, XI FMe, .
New Orleans and East e«4s3 F
IO:OOa ValleK Martinei and Way SUUons ,2«**»
•I«OOr Sacramento ltlrer Stearnen :.". ■•!••» i
San Jose, Niles and Way Stations... t«il«A '
«2»Or Lirermore, Mendota, Uanford and _
Visalia "... •«!•*
IjYennore,BanJoae, Nlles and Way .;
Stations ;• tl*»»K
iiOtr Martiuez. San Ramon, - Vallejo. . ;
Napa, Oalistoga, M Venwo and
SauUßosa •• t«B*
4i**p Benioia, VaoaTule, Woodland,
KnighU Landing. Marysril^ Or*. __._
Till* and Sacramento *£"!?*
4»»»T Nlles, San Jose, Tracy and 8»ooWo» .Ti» »*
4:80r Stookton and Lodl ■ l»il»r
«:8»r Lathron, Modesto, Meroed. Fresne,
Mojave, Banu Barbara and Loa m
• Augeles .......... ...■.....: ; T»««a
4iSop Mortlnex, Meroed (Raymond tot _____
Tosemite) and Fresno lS»18r
4iB«r BanU Fe Route, Atlautlo Expresi ' M _
for Mojare and East _•__*
6iO«p lEuropeau Mail, Ogdeu and Kaat.... »»« 3*
•0:OOp Vallejo ■•'••l >
6:UOpHa> wards, Niles and Ban .T0m.;.... - 7i«3a.
J7>«op ValHo, Port CosU and Way Bta, '■■■-._
" tions ;..; ; »»•«•»
- Bi#»r Oregon Kxiwmb, Sacrament, Marys.
*ille. Itoliliiig. I'orl.aud, Puaet ;
80-:idaii(l East »il»%.'
' BA.V LKAUDBO AND IUYWArtDS LOCIL
(Foot ot Market Street.) - __—
"I _rlro«f, Seminar/ Park, f I "*'
8>«Oa Kitrhhurjr, K.lmhnrst, *J_!_it
• ! JJJ *** Lea iiro,So«lh »»^*_
iVittl Le«dro, K.t.«iU», JijJS*
:ii:«M,M ' L»reM«o,Ckerry - tI , 4S]P
t»:ottp "■- _ »■■ . |Bt4aF
5:OOp • Hay wards. oiWr
7xo Op i Runs through to Nllea. 7i*3#
j t From Nlles. .■_ i____»__«
COAST DIVISION (Narrow flaige).
(Foot of Market Street.) - '■■'■
J7:45a SanU Cruz Excursion, SanU Cms
and Principal Way 8utt0n5....... I*****)
13 A Newark, Centerrille. San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, SanU Oruz and Way "
Stations ».. ■»»•»
*atlSr Newark CenterrlUe. San Jose, New
: Almadea, Fslton, Boulder Creek, - ■-• :; •■■:','•;:
BanU Cmi and Principal "**„-___.
Stations "■•»••*
, «il San Jose, Glenwood & Way Stations •'••I
o4il»r Boulder Creek and SanU Cru« ■** t> °^|
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. . ,
rr«m 811 NUKCISCO-rMt «f M»rk«t Sir.fl (SUi »-i -■- i ■'■
•7:15 0:00 11:00 A.M. tl;80 *2:09 tl^f
•4:00 18:00 •6:00 p.m. V,
rr«m 01IUI»— sf BraadwiT.— §«• MiWa.S.
U2:00 »l:00 18:00*3:00 ti.BO «»:ofltJa, t
COAST DIVISION (BramdOaage^ ~ V
(Third and Townsend Sta) -- '
"•7tO©ABan Jose a-itl Way Suttons (Sew-- _rj
AlmadMi Wednesdays 0n1y)..,.;.. »•••»
t7<BOA Sunday Excursion (or San Jose. , ,
BanU Crux, Pacific -rote and ■, _i
"-— Principal Way Stations JB»a_f»
•:O«A Ban Joss, Tns Piuos, fianta Cm*. - j
Pacllic Grove, Paso Robles. Baa ■
Luis Obispo, Quadalupe. Sort and
Principal Way Stations ««10f
1 «i4Oa San Jose aud Way Stations •••••_
11i8Oa San Jose and Way Stations ...... *SiS3_
•Sl4sp San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Para; & .
Palo Alto, SanU Clara, Ban Jose, .•
Ollroy, HoUister, Santa Crus, .
Salinas, Monterey and Fa-fl«
Grove *HiMl
•StB«p Ban Jose and Way Stations »OiOOa
•4:lSp San Jose and Principal Way StatioM «t43A
•SiOOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations ■ •«83_
. O:3Op San Jose and Principal Way SUtkaS Bi3«p
8::u» San Jose and Way Stations.... EH 7iS#r>
t11»45p San Jose and Way Butlona..>. *T»a»y
«S A for Morning. r " P for Afternoon. , ~* .-,
• Sundays exeented. I Sundays only, t Saturdays only
t Bnndays and Mondays. - a Satardays and Snndaya.
SAH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
. • • , < RAILWAY COMPANY. ; -
V Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO BAN KAFAJ__
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; U:U,
' 3:30, 6:10. 1:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:6»
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:80, 11:00 U.Q.I 1:39, J:»3.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEI. 'TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:60, »:20, 11:10 a. m.; U:4BL
3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays — trips at
- 1:65 and 6:35 p. m. ' --*»«si«***?ss«-
SUNDAYS— 9:40. 11:10 a. m.l 1:40. 1:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Be_net-a_ Pa rV
same schedule as above. , <
<
Leave - Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect - San Francisco.
• " June 29, ■ ■»
! Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- I Weak
i Days. I days. Destination. days. | Days. -
I 7:3o am 8:00 am ■ Novato, ; 10:40 am :40 am
3:Sopm 9:3oam Petaluma. 6:10 pm 10:15 am
6:lopm 6:oopm Santa Rosa. ,7:Bspm C:3lpm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, - 10:Kar4
Healdsburg: ' ; ...
:. •:-, Lytton,
.■;,.-... :r .' Geyserville. . -V-7-i:
B:3opm :00am Cloverdala. T.'gptn f:tJptn
7:30 ami I Hopland and I 110:25 an'
3:30 pm I 8:00 am I Uklah. |Mspm[<:-pm
7:30 am 1 ' 10:J6ar_
8:00 am anernevtlla. T:BSpm
8:30 pm( • ( f f««pia
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am S:4oam
•••--.. , f ... , . ■ . and " : . . -- •• < '
i 6:10 pm 6:00 Glen Ellen. [ 6:10 pm »:»pm
I ■ 7:30 ami 8:00 ami SebastopoL 110:40 am]l»:S5 am
1 B:3o pm| 6:oo pm| ,- ( 7:B6 pm| <iMpn»
! Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
! Springs; at Ljtton for Lytton Springs; at G«t-
Ber\-ille for Skagrgs Springs; at Cloverdale for
1 the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, KelseyvUle. Carlsbad . -
. Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and - Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper '
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side, Llerley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights.
HullviUe, Booneville. Git's Hot Springs, Men*
docino City, Fort Bragg, We,stport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. ..;-,.- » ■ ■ • , ".. ■ r
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points}
; beyond San Rafael at half rates. ■■ ■
> / Ticket Offices, 660 Market eL, Chronicle bid*.
i A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAJ*.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. .Gen. Pass. Agent.
___________ A
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MTU- ▼___*■«
AND SAN RAFAEL. '
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. •8:00, •9:30, 11:01 a, a.]
•1:45 8:20, 4:00, 1. 15, *S:00, 1:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondaya,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundayi at U M
""suNDAYS-^.-00, •9:00. »10:00. U:O% . UJ*
a. m.; 1:00. n:4sT*a:Bo. »4:00. 6:30, 6:46 p. m.T
11:00 a.m. does not run to San Rafael Sundays.'
6:30 p.m. does not run to Mill .Valley Sundays,
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DAYS-6:26, •6:15, 7:55. B:3t, •»ii|
• a. m ; »12:20, 2:10 '3:40. 4:35. 6:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS i. on Mondays, . Wednesday! .
1 and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
i ■ SUNDAYS— 7:OO. '8:00, *9:45, »10:48. »U:4l
a. m ; 1:00. 2:20. *:*>. •S.IS. »6:00. 7:00 b. m.
Trains marked * start from San Quentin. ' v
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DAYS-6:45. 6:45, 7:66. B:4|. lto|
a. m.: 12:40, 2:25. 3:56. 4:66, 6:20 p. in. -.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays:
and Saturdays at 7:00 m. . ., ,
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00, 11:10 a. m.; 13:08, im,
1:40, 3:65, 6:30, 6:30 p. m.
," • THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and, way sta'as.
8:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'na. -
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturday excepted)—
males and way stations.
MO a. m Sundays— Cazadero ' and way.- sta'aa,
lisS p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'ns,
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY,
From June 1. 1898, trains will run as follows;
, South-bound. • ; ' North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. ; , . Mixed. Passer**
ger. Sunday " Sta- • * Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd tlons. Exc'ptd Dally, _
7:20 am 9:00 am "^ Stockton 8:46 pm s:4o p^'
9:10 am 12:50 pm Merced 12:50 pm 3:53 pi*
10:40 am 3:sopm Fresno 9:3oam 2:29pr#
11:35 am 6:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:25 pm
: 2:45 pm 11:50 Bakersneld 2:30 am 10:15 am •■'
12:05 pm 7:50 pm__ Vlaalia ( 6:40 am 13:55 -V
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
Connections— Stockton with steamboats of H
California . Navigation ; and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at I Bj
p. m. dally; at Merced with stages to and from
Snellings. Coulterville. Yosemlte, etc.; also
with stage from Hornltos, Mariposa. etc.; at >'■ .
Lankershim with stage to and from Madera. r
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
" ' (.Via ■ Sausalito Ferry.) - : ■•
Leave San Francisco, commencing f May V
1898: -•■' ,■.-■'■■■'-,- ' ' ■■■ ■ . }'-*■ - - ■ '
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:43 and 6:15 p. r_. -
- Sundays— B:oo. 9:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:44 an*
t:3O p. m. from Mfll Valley, 81. ■
Round trip from Mfll Valley, IL
THOS. COOK : _ SON, Agents. (SI Harks* ; ;
i street. San Francisco.
910
BRIAR SWEET
AND HANDPRESS
Among the Winners at
Sheepshead.
WAYS AND MEANS' FINE RACE
ALGOL'S MILE RUN A MOST
REMARKABLE ONE.
Andes, Alvarado, Good Friend, What
Next, Inconstancy and Survivor
Won at Harlem — It Was
M. Martin's Day.
~ Special Dispatch to The Call.
' NE"W YORK, Aug. 29.— California^
Briar Sweet, the American turf queen,
scared everything out of the fourth raco
to-day but Kenmore Queen, and won pal
loping by three lengths in 1:14 2-5 for tne
clx furlongs*, carrying 121 pounds. She
was at 1 to 10 in the betting. The Ken
tuckian won the fir?t event handily, and
Algol also a Western horse, captured the
gecond. one mile. In 1:40 3-5, with 126
pounds up. Ways and Means proved him
self one of me best two-year-olds of the
Eeason by tniring up 125 pounds and win
ning the Sapphire stakes from a select
field in 1:10. rtie race being over the hu
turlty course. Handpress and Ben Holla
day were easy* winners.
' First race. two-O'ear-olds, selling, about six
furlongs: .
Name and Weight.
Kentucklan, 10*. T. Sloai
ces Booker. »4 James
Viking. lfW -Barret'
:er Card. S«S Mahei
| 1
0
3
1
0
2
S
1
0
2
3
1
2
3
0
Time 1:12 3-6. Won handily. Second and
th Chlmi3ettT' 89. Domineer «, Roysterer 99.
Term Day 97 and Cathedral 9< also ran.
Sausallto odds—3 to 2. 10 to 1 and 10 to I
• Track odds— S to 5, 10 to 1 and 12 to 1.
•Favorites.
Second race, handicap,- one mile:
JCame and Wt. Jockeys.
H- %• V Str. Fin.
12S T. B
not, 116.... Sr«
or, 91 ....Cla'
11 12 11 11 12
3 3 2 3 12
2 2 3 3 3
Time. 1:40 3-3. Won easily- Second and third
Ittnnfo 117 and Blue Devil 106 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 6 to 5. 6 to £ ami 12 to L
. Track odds— 7 to 5, 7 to 5 and 20 to 1.
• 'Favorites.
Third race. Sapphire stakes, two-year-olds,
five and a half furlongs:
Name and Weight.
Ways and Means, 125.Maher
Banford. W6 Doggett
Mr Phlnizy, US Slmms
•Kentucky Colonel. 125. Turner
Ureyfeld, 106 Spenoer]
1 h 1 h 2 13
2 2 3 2
0 0 0 S
3 3 0 0
001 h 0
Time. 1:10. Won easily. Second and third
r Marblehead 125, Duke of Mlddleburg 125 and
Freak 106 also ran.
odds— 4 to 1. 2% to 1 and 4 to 1.
Track elds— 6 to 1, 3 to 1 and 6 to L
•Favorite.
Fourth race, three-year-old fllHes, six fur
longs:
Briar Sweet. 121: Maher!
Kfnraore Queen, 114....Tara1|
1 1
12 12 13
2 2 2
Time, 1:14 2-5. Won palloplng.
' Sbuaaltto odds — 1 to 10 and 8 to rX.
Track odds— l to 10 and 8 to L
Fifth rare, selling, one mile:
Name and Wt.. Jockeys. I
\\.
%, %. Str. Fin.
adpress, 95 Maher!
. Winner, Ms..BarieCt
Mitchell, 106.. Spencer
ix Spinner, M.Clawiion
■ Own. 96 O'Connor
I 3
1 I
2
0
1
0
0
3
a 2 ii
0 3 2
11113
3 0 0
0 0 0
0 0 0
.wson
Time. 1:41. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Maximo Gomez S7 and Ten Spot 98 also ran.
Sausallto odds — 3 to 1. 5 to 1 and 12 to 1.
Track odds— s to 2, 5 to 1 and 20 to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race. Turf handicap, one and a quarter
miles: •
Nam* and Wt Jockeys.
Holladay. 127.. 510 an 11 11 11 11 13
as Cat. lOS-.O'Leary 3 3 3 8 2 5
•gon. 95 Collins 1 4 2 2 213
er Kgo, 113....Taral 2 4 4 4 4
Time,
:10. Won galloping. Second and third
flrlviner.
SausaJlt^ odds— 3 to 6. 3 to 1 and 8 to L
Track oJds— 3 too, 4 to 1 and 10 to 1.
•Favorite.
H. MARTIN'S DAY AT HARLEM
Califomian Rides Three Winners, a
Second and a Third.
CHICAGO. Aug. 29.— 11. ("Skeets") Martin
got very good to-day, piloting the third horse
In the first race, the second in the second,
then three -winners in a row. Alvarado's win
"at 20 to 1 was another feather In the cap of
■California. Inconstancy took the last event
at odds of 20 to J, and altogether it was not
a very good day for the form usurers. The
fcrack was good and toward the close It waa
fast.
First race, purse, five furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. I %.
Andes, 108 Bloss 0
tto Chlco, 100 Jenkins 0
flmah, 100 H. Martini 0
intiquary, 108 Van Dusen 1
lid Fox. 108 Shnpiird 2
)efender 11. 108 DonaJdson| 3
0
0
0
1
2
3
Str. Fin.
0 12
0 2
0 3
1 0
I 0
3 3
Time, 1:02%. "Won easily. Second and third
ifl riving.
Undue 100. Harry Nutter 100. Excelsis 100.
TBoardman 100. Fardel 10S, Banish 108, Mary
land Reserve 108, Vlncennes 108 and. Jockey Joe
108 also ran.
Bausallto odds— 3 to 1. 12 to 1 and, 4 to 1.
Track odds— 3 to 3, 20 to 1 and tv 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, Belling, mile and a sixteenth:
Name and Wt. Jockeys.
■i-
%. %. Str. Fin.
> 11, lll.H. Brown
102 ....H. Martin
:or, 112 Conley!
o, 103 Hloss
Hazes. 100.. Woods
V
2
0
1
0
2 2 11
0 0 3
0 0 0
11 11 2 2
S 3 0
Time, 1:49%. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Sir Hobart 98, Dorothy 111 109, Collins 111 and
Cor. Regan 112 also ran.
Sausallto odds— ls to 1, even and 3to L
Track odds— 2o to 1, 6to 5 and 7to i.
•Favorite. «
Third race, selling, six furlongs:
Name and Welfrht. Jurkeys.
__' ; , .._ . 'I
•Good Friend, 102.. JL Martin
L. 'Blossom; 102.:..McNlchoU
••Apple- Jack, 107 Conley
Gnome, 102 Lilly
Ju'lvoce, ,107 V..... — Nickelson
111 1 12
0 0 0 2
Time. 1:17. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Abina 102, Nannie Davis 102, Julia Hazel 102,
Fair Deceiver 102, Incidental 108. Branch 104.
TJaratarla 104 and I>aily Racing Form 107 also
ran.
Sausallto odds— 3 to 2, 2% to 1 and 20 to 1.
Track odds— U to G, 3 to 1 and 30 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, handicap, one mile:
What Xext. 101... Martin
•Fervor, 103 B]oss|
Found. 92 McN'ichols]
Satsuma, 108 ..McDonald
0 0 2 3 12
12 2 3 0 2
1111111113
! fi n n i n
Pete Kitchen, Ss..KniKht|
Time, 1:4114. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Sausalito odds— s to 1. 7 to 6 and 2% to L
Track odds— s to 1, 8 to 5 and 3 to 1.
' 'Favorite.
. ' Fifth race, purse, five and a half furlongs
Name and Weight. Jockeys.
%. %■ Str. Fin.
r. 105 H. Mi
s, 99 J.
cs, 10! Cc
[asso, 96 Kr
an. 107 Ev
-.. 110
0 3
0 0
0 0
1 1
2 2
3 0
0 1
3 2
2 3
0 0
1 0
0 0
Time, 1:08%. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Mazie V 96, Nora C 101, Gold Fox 102 and L.
Pillot Jr. 105 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 2 to 1, 8 to 1 and 8 to L
Track odds— 2 to 1, 8 to 1 and 10 to L.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, purso, fiftten-slxteenths of a
mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeys.
%. 3 /4. %• Str. Fin.
onstanry, 104.. J.
Ellersiie, 102.E
r Hopper, 114.. X
Alfonses D, 102.
0
2
1
0
3
0 2 2 1
11 11 11 2
2 3 3 3
8 0 0 0
0 0 0 0
Time, 1:34%. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Lady Stockham 97, Croesus 114 and Jack of
Hearts 109, a150 ran.
Sausolito odds— to 1. 3to 10 and 12 to 1.
Track odds— 2o to 1, 2to .6 and 15 to 1. ;
•Favorite.
— •— — -' : .
Fort Erie Winners.
BUFFALO, Augr. 29.— Results at Fort Erie:
Flrt.t race, four-year-olds and upward, sell-
Ing-, five and a half furlongs— Ferryman 11, 4
to 5, won. Quack Quack second. Forfeit third.
Time, I:WK.
Second race, two-year-olds, selling;, five fur
longs — Neada, 8 to 1 won; Lizzie Kelly second,
Ruth Black third. Time. 1:02%.
Third race, three-year-olds and upward, sell
ing, one mile — Pearl, 4 to 5, won; Simon D sec
ond, Ellsmere third. Time. 1:41.
Fourth race, two-year-olds, five and a half
furlongs— Oakmald, even, won; Trimmer sec
ond. Holden third. Time, 1:09*4.
Fifth race, three-year-olds and upward, on*
andji quarter miles— Marat lna 11, 5 to 1, won;
Annie Taylor second, Savaran third. Time-,
2:O9Vi-
Sixth race, four-year-olds and upward, five
and a half furlongs— Utopia, even, won; South
Africa necond, Jesse third. Time, 1:08.
Results at Anaconda.
ANACONDA, Auf. 29.— First race, selling,
five furlongs, Taghalrm won. White FVrn sec
ond. Eloper third. Time, 1:05.
Second race, selling, clx furlongs, Pora.li
Wood won. I Don't Know second, John Hav
l!n third. Time. 1:16.
Third race, selling, mile and a sixteenth,
Grady won. Daylight second. Reel third. Time.
l:0Oi- 4 .
Fourth race, four and a half furlongs, Etta
II won. Dutch second, Jack third. Time, :55.
Fifth race, selling, five and a half furlongs.
Gold Bug won, Jo« Cotton second, Punter
third. Time. l:10' 4 .
Sixth race, selling, five and a half furlongs.
Shellac won, Estro Becond, Doubtful third.
Time, l:l2'i.
CHAMPIONS BACK
IN FIRST POSITION
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. | Clubß— W. L. Pet.
Boston 70 40 .686|Pittsburg ■••56 58 .491
Cincinnati ..72 42 .632 .Philadelphia 51 56 .46S
Baltimore ..67 39 .6321 Louisville ..46 68 .404
Cleveland ...65 46 .586 [Brooklyn ....42 65 .392
New York ..62 48 .564! Washington 40 71 .300
Chicago 63 60 .65SlSt. Louis ..31 82 .274
UtJUISVIL.T-E, Aug. 29.— The Colonels
took the third straight game from the
Senators to-day. Dineen was touched up
rather lively. Attendance 400. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Louisville 8 11 2
Washington 17 4
Batteries— Cunningham and Kittrldge; Din
een and Farrell. Umpires— Swartwood and
Warner.
CINCINNATI. Aug. 29.— The Reds
grained what seemed to be a winning lead
in the eighth, but the Phillies pounded
Dammann in the ninth and won out. At
tendance ISOO. Score:
Clubs— " R- H. E.
Cincinnati 7 12 2
Philadelphia 8 10 1
Batteries— Dammann, Brrltenstein and Peltz:
Donohue and Murphy. Umpires— Gaffney and
Brown.
PITTSBURG, Aug. 29.— Tannehtll had
his fatal inning in the fourth when six
hits and two errors won the game for
Boston and took away all Interest In
the contest. Attendance 1500. Score:
Clubs— R H. E.
Plttsburg 2 8 2
Boston 8 12 1
Batteries — Tannehill and Schrlver: Lewis and
Bergen. Umpires — Lynch and Andrews.
CHICAGO, Aug. 29.— The Orphans' win
ning streak was checked to-day by
Rusle's grand pitching. Thornton was
also In great form and both teams put
up a perfect fielding game. A gift, a
sacrifice and a clean hit gave the locals
their one run. A double and Rusle's
triple tied it. Thornton's only pass, two
steals and an out scored the winning run.
Attendance 4400. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago t 2 0
New York 2 4 0
Batteries— Thornton and Donohue; Rusle and
GraJy. Umpires — McDonald and O'Day.
ROCHESTER, N. V., Aug. 29.— The
Grooms had on a batting: streak to-day
and found Jones and Wilson with equal
facility. Jones struck out eight men in
the six innings he pitched, but when he
was hit it was for long drives. Wilson
was no Improvement on him. Kennedy,
who pitched for Brooklyn, was very wild,
giving nine passes to first and forcing in
a run. Errors were numerous and costly
on both sides. Attendance COO. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 13 16 4
Cleveland 7 8 4
Batteries— Kennedy and Ryan; Jones. Wilson
and Crlger. Umpires — Connolly and Hunt.
Pugilist Sharkey Heard.
NEW YORK, Aug. 29.— The following
dispatch has been received by the Associ
ated Press from Tom O'Rourke, manager
of Tom Sharkey:
PROVIDENCE. R. 1., Aug. 29.— Sharkey ac
cepts the National Athletic Club's offer of
$17,000, all the purse to go to the winner. Let
FitzHimmons shut up or put up.
TOM O'ROURKE.
FOR THE UNITED STATES
OF CENTRAL AMERICA
The Federal Congress Appointed to
Draft a Constitution
Adjourns.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PANAMA, Colombia, Aug. 29.— The
Herald correspondent in Managua, Nica
ragua, telegraphs that the Federal Con
gress apointed to draft a constitution for
the United States of Central America ad
journed last night.
Elections for the President of the
greater Republic will take place In De
cember. The present Government will
continue its sessions until November 1,
when its powers will be transferred to
Senor Amalpa and a new regime estab
lished provisionally by the constitution.
ACCIDENTALLY SHOT.
San Franciscan Loses His Life While
Hunting Near Napa.
NAPA, Aug. 29.— The body of L. Balart,
a cigar manufacturer of San Francisco,
was found on the Deweers place, about
three miles north of here, last evening.
He had been hunting In the hills, and
evidently had stopped to eat his luncheon,
but seeing game In the brush had started
for It. In going through the brush his
shotgun was discharged. The entire
charge entered the abdomen on the right
side, and, ranging upward, Borne of the
shot lodged In the heart. Death must
have been Instantaneous. A hunter acci
dentally discovered him dead In the brush,
with the shotgun across his legs, one bar
rel discharged. It was an old-fashioned
muzzle-loading gun. A few feet away
was his half-consumed lunch. He had
been dead several hours, but his clothing
was still burning, having been ignited by
the discharge.
Mr. Balart had been in Napa only a few
days, and was representing the Knights
of Honor. He was a native of Spain, 52
years of age, and leaves a widow and
children in San Francisco.
Of Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 29.— The following
postmasters were appointed to-day :Alton,
Humboldt County, A. L. Johnston, vice
F. W. Luther, resigned; Chat, Lassen
County, C. P. Holman. vice L. T.
Stephens, resigned; Elk, Mendocino Coun
ty, M. A. Giikison, vice W. H. White, de
ceased; Monta, Los Angeles County, B. T.
Hayden, vice B. B. Stockwell, resigned;
Maple Creek, Humboldt County, John
Murphy, vice Charles Marsh, resigned.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California— Original, Lewis Cummins,
Costrovllle, $6; James A. Hacey. Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, $6; Franklin
McCarrick, Los Angeles, $8; Oliver Em
lay. Oakland, $6.
Oregon— Original, Alphcus Field, Rose
burg, $6.
Washington— Restoration and Increase,
Ebenezer Wlnslow, Fruitland, ?4 to $6.
Trout for Soquel Creek.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 29.— Game Warden
Caplatzi has had 25.000 mykiss trout
placed ip Soquel Creek.
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and iwimmlng baths, North Beach.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, ATJGrTTST 30, 1898.
OPIUM FOUND IN
CANS OE LARD
How the Drug Reached
San Quentin.
AUTHORITIES MAKE A HAUL
RECOVER A QUANTITY OF THE
CONTRABAND ARTICLE.
Was Smuggled in by Convicts Who
Were Made to Work on a Farm
Which Supplies the Prison
With Provisions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, Augr. 29.-
It was only last week that the prison
officials were dumfounded at learning
the true status of the opium traffic
as carried on by the convicts inside
the prison walls. Their eyes were then
opened to a realization of the fact that
the trade in the soul-destroying drug
was not confined to a few of the more
vicious element, but that some of the
"trusties" were engaged in smuggling
goodly quantities of the contraband ar
ticle through the gates and dispensing
it to their companions at exorbitant
prices.
Now come to light the facts as to
how the famous ' 'redroom" discovery
happened to be made, showing what
was hitherto known only to the offi
cials in the "higher circle"— that only
a short time ago the authorities made
a haul of the largest quantity of opium
secured in years. It was a clew that
popped up i*n connection with the seiz
ure that led to the "redroom" raid.
About midway on the road leading
from San Quentin to Greenbrae is sit
uated a large farm, the products o{
which find their way to the prison
larder. It Is in charge of J. Jones,
who is entered on the prison payroll
as "farmer" and has the privilege at
any time of asking for a number of
convicts to assist him in his work.
Shortly before the opium was seized
a number of hogs were butchered and
several trusties assisted in preparing
the meat and trying out the lard. The
lard was placed in the ordinary cans
used for the purpose and sent to the
prison.
Certain peculiar actions of the con
victs in handling these cans led to a
quiet investigation. As a result small
quantities of opium were discovered in
three cans. Nothing was said of the
discovery, and it was decided to let the
opium enter the prison in the hope of
making a large seizure.
The vigilance of the officials was re
warded. The next consignment of lard
was searched and a large quantity of
opium found. There were only two
cans out of thirty that had no opium in
them. The aggregate quantity was
about seven pounds.
All this opium must have been hidden
on the farm by accomplices on the out
side. The accurate movements of the
convicts showed, furthermore, that
they must have been In daily commu
nication with the outside dealers. In
spite of the vigilance of the officials
and guards.
It was by keeping a close watch upon
some of the suspected "trusties" that
the opium was found in the "red
room." Other prisoners are under sus
picion, and it is believed the gang of
"opium merchants" Is in a fair way to
be broken up.
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franeißeo
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
887 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock,
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock,
2526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets, open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN Gate Commandery No. 16. _ •s._
K. T.. Golden Gate building. 623 Sut- W
ter at.— Special assembly THIS EVEN- Fj
ING at 8 o'clock. The Order of the BW
Temple will be conferred. All fratera w
are courteously invited.
CHAS. L. PATTON. Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA. Recorder. ' •
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M., •
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-
IXG. Aufrust 30. at 7:30 o'clock. M Tit
M. degree. By order of the H. P. - *W >
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. . •
Called meeting THIS . (MONDAY) ■-#%,
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock; second de- T^JT
gree. By order of the W. M. /V >
G. W. ROOT, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. &A. •
M. Called meeting THIS (TU.ESDAY) _J^_
EVENING, August 30, at 7:3') o'clock. Ttjf
Degree 2. GEO. J. HOBE, Secy. /^r>
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. & A. M., m
121 Eddy Bt., will meet THIS EVEN-
ING fit 7:30 o'clock. Second dpgTee. TTjf
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secy. VV>
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. &A. M. m
Third - degree THIS (TUESDAY) _^ :
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. TLjt
A.' S. HTTBBARD, Secretary, /^r >
A. O. H. DIVISION No. 2.— The mem-%^«j*»
bers of this division are ordered to as- \^\wf
seml.le at Hlbernia Hall. 120 Ninth «W«
St., on WEDNESDAY, August 31, atgrYalfJ
8 p. m. ; thence to parade in a body to *TC*>
Mechanics' Pavilion to attend the Irish Fair.
Free admission will be given to ail mem-
bers who Join the parade.
HARTLEY LEE, President.
T. L. CLANCY, Secretary. ,
3 LODGE : rooms; all needed accommodations;
927 Mission. L. ALTSCHUL, 320 Clay st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. - : ., •■",-.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No." 84 (50 cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
: will be payable at the office of the company,
.327 Market St., on and after Thursday. Sep-
tember 1, . 1898. Transfer books will ■ close ■on
Friday, August 26, 1898. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
« SPECIAL NOTICES.
BABY boy for adoption, 1 year old.' 20 Crescent
; st.,' Oakland, : Piedmont ; get off Perry st. .* .
BAD i tenants , ejected for i $4; collections ' mads;
city .? or country. • PACIFIC COLLECTION
. CO.,' 415 Montgomery St.. room 6: tel. 6580.
EMPLOYMFNT : OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau: ideal help.
■ 122 Golden Gate aye. ; telephone South 171. -
SITUATIONS ANTED— FEMALE. .
SWEDISH -s econd > girl; (first-class •' waitress
■ ■ and seamstress; references. : ■ MRS. ; NORTON, :
313 Sutter st. ■-r.; ":-V iv':. -.•-■'■,:'. :'■:?.->.■■-,:
MIDDLE-AGED "English woman, good cook
and houseworker. $12 to $15. MRS. NORTON,
.-, 313 Butter St.. ■;.. .■;-.:.■'---'"•••'••-■':■ ■•.•';- :
LADIES, ; for ' a '- first-class cook, -: several on
hand. . Apply to rJ. F. CROSETT : & • CO.; : 316
Sutter st. '- ■ .■ .'•:•'., -.:'■.:-'•.'■-•;./ *■■'
REFINED middle-aged i« German ■ lady wants
position as working housekeeper. 259 Stevenson
Et., between- Third and Fourth, near Market.
WANTED— Situation by " : a ' German girl ; -.: for
general i housework. > 332H ', Clementina at., be-
tween Fourth and Fifth. , ; : ' v \ . -
HOUSEWORK wanted by a capable girl, will-
ing and kind to children; please state wages.
•-L Box ; 17, ' Call office. ■: . : .;. - .-.-; * : -. -,;..._- ■
FIRST-CLASS German girl. wishes situation In
- private family; -can make herself generally
■ ' useful :as ■ maid to an invalid; :is an experi-
enced children's nurse; can take charge of an
, Infant. ~i For further .particular* ■' apply « 717
Bush at. • . ...-"- ' - '-.•-.
SITUATIONS WASTED-Contlnned.
REFINED German widow wants a situation
as lady's maid In refined American family.
Address &4C Mission St., room 11.
WANTED— Washing or housecleaning; $1 50 a
day. Box 31. Call office.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do gen-
eral housework in small family; wages $15.
Address 2307 California Bt
HONEST and respectable mother with 6-year-
old child would like situation as housekeeper
or nurse; am a stranger here from the East
and would appreciate a good home. Please.
call at 192 Seventh st., Thursday.
SWEDISH woman wants washing, Ironing by
the day; $1 00. Address 3255 Twenty-second
at., near Valencia.
NEAT German girl desires position to do
general housework in Protestant iamily. Ad-
dress box 34, Call offly.
BY a neat woman any kind of light work;
care for children; make herself useful. 231Vs
Page st.
BY respectable person housework or chamber-
work 3534 Twenty-second et.
YOUNG girl would like to do upstairs work
and teach young children music. Call or ad-
dress 43S Fourteenth st.
YOUNG French girl, fine seamstress, wishes
position as lady's maid or nursery governess;
best references. 1534 Jackson St.
TWO competent young women wish positions
together, one as cook the other as second
girl, best of city reference. Box 36, Call.
SITUATION wanted as a working housekeeper
by a German woman with best of references.
Addresb box 37, Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes work by the
day or week; office cleaning, \vaehing, or
even cooking or work of any kind; reference
if needed. Box 42, Call office.
LAUNDRESS wishes to go out by the day.
Please call 919 Larkln st., near Geary.
YOUNG lady having Just finished bookkeep-
ing term wishes position In office, wages
small at start. Address MISS W.. 2130 Bush.
BY a middle-aged Swedish girl, work by the
day, washing and Ironing; fully competent
to fill temporary vacancies as cook or any
other housework. Address L. J., box 29, Call.
SWEDISH girl, good cook, wishes place to do
general housework; city or Alameda; $25.
Call at 407 Turk st.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation as cook and
downstairs work; wages, $2i. Box 25, Call.
GERMAN girl wants place for cooking and
general housework; wages $25. Call 356 Third.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation in family to
do general housework; goud cook; can take
full charge of house; willing to wait for
place; no children; wages $25. Address 615
Jones st.
COMPETENT English and French cook, un-
derstands all kln<lB of entrees; no objection
to gentlemen's club; city or country- Address
for throe days, box 6. Call office.
Ii'TSKKKKPRR wants position or will do
Chamber wurm. Call at 1023 Market st.
RESPECTABLE woman would like to get of-
fice work or chamber work, 9 a. m. to 3 p. m.,
basement, 690 Geary st.
COMPETENT, willing woman will do house-
work or any kind of work; is goad cook and
laundress; wages moderate. 79 Jessie St.;
city or country. '
SITUATION wanted; Is a good cook and laun-
dress; city reference. 230 Minna st.
GOOD German girl wishes place for cooking or
housework; references. 1022 Larkln St.
SWEDISH girl wants place for second work;
wages not below $20; best of references. Ad-
dress box 161, Call office.
SITUATION as first-class laundress in private
family; day or month; best city references.
562 Natoma St.
COMPETENT woman desires employment; is
good cook and housekeeper. Address MRS.
W.. box 38, Call office.
ARTISTIC dressmaker will work for $1 25 per
day. 1837 Market St., near Seventh.
YOUNG German woman wishes position as
housekeeper In respectable family. Box 156,
Call office.
OFFICE work: lady with practical experience
would like position as bookkeeper, cashier or
clerk; will leave city. B>>x 162. Call office.
JAPANESE girl wants situation In family to
do housework and plain cooking; wages $15
per month. Box 168, Call office.
WOMAN with a little child 8 years old wishes
situation; city or country- s<>4 Leaven worth.
TOUNG woman would like chamber work and
sewing; city or country. Box 144. Call-
EXPERIENCED housekeeper wants position:
also experienced nurse; best of references
given. 65S Eighth St.. Oakl.ind.
MOTHER and daughter would likeapositlon as
housekeeper in widower's family; no objec-
tion to children. Add. L. S., box 126. Post-
offlce. Oakland.
A YOUNG girl would like a position as com-
panion and to assist In housework. Address
E D., box 126, Postofflce, Oakland.
WOMAN wants any kind of work by the day;
housework or sewing. MRS. M. H.. 273214
Mission st.
SITUATIONS WASTED-MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help:
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay «t.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office:
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
GARDENER, steady man; thoroughly under-
stands hip business in all Its branches; ex-
cellent references; fruit, flowers, vegetables,
plant houses, etc. Box 33. Call office.
COACHMAN recently from the South; com-
petent; steady; careful driver; good horse-
man and caretaker of private place; not
afraid of work; undeniable references. Ad-
dress box 177, Call office.
YOUNG man. business education, understands
bookkeeping, would like any respectable po-
sition; references given. C. J. OBERST. 2019
Mission st.
STEADY young man wants situation on a
private place: thoroughly understands the
care of horses and garden; San Francisco or
Oakland. Box 179, Call office.
SITUATION wantPd by first-class German ger-
dener and propagator; can take care green-
house and milk; handy with tools. Address
A. GARDINER, 863 Bryant st.
YOUNG man as baker and confectioner; first-
class experience. E. HOLDEN, 214 Third St.
LADIES' tailor, cutter, fitter and designer, late
London and Paris, new arrival; excellent
references, desires employment. Box 20, Call.
BY sober, steady young man, position of any
kind; not afraid of hard work; 10 yean in last
place; best references; $20 to person procur-
ing me good position. Call or address J. E.,
417 Kearny st.
WANTED — By competent accountant and
stenographer, position with wholesale or
commission house; wages moderate; single
young man. not afraid of work of any kind;
best of references, bond, etc. ; main object op-
portunity for advancement. Address 11., 411
Mason st.
MAN and wife wish positions In country; man
generally useful; wife as cook. Address 3253
Mission; or wife as plain cook alone.
EXPERIENCED gents' furnishing goods sales-
man wishes position; best references. Box 14L
Call office.
YOUNG man of long experience In grocery
business desires position in wholesale or re-
tall store; best of references. Address box
163. Call office.
CHINESE boy wants situation: general house-
work, plain cooking, washing, ironing. Ap-
ply at 25 Baker st.
FIRST-CLASS bartender wants steady Job;
last place B years; understands liquor busi-
ness too; best of references. Box 171, Call.
MAN and wife. German, like positions on milk
ranch or private family; all around handy
good milker; wages moderate. E. D.. box 113
Call.
AMERICAN man and wife want situations as
. cooks in camps or ranch work. Call or ad-
dress P., 797H Stevenson st. ; best reference.
YOUNG man with good references desires po-
sition in private place as gardener and man
about place. Address J. D.. box t). Call Office.
Oakland.
COMPETENT Japanese cook desires position
In private family; plain and fancy cook; first-
class references. Address HARRY, 935 Sac-
ramento st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third «t.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $160 night: $1 50 to $8
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED-PEMALE.
COOK, $35, American family; cook, $35, Irish
family. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
SECOND girl and nurseglrl, same house, $20
each. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
HOTEL cook. Oakland, $30; houseglrl. Oak-
land, $25 and $20; Alameda, $20, two In fam-
ily. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
8 YOUNG girls to assist, $10 to $15: 6 house-
girls, $20 each; houseglrl. $25; waitress, $15;
nurseslrl. $12: German girl, two in family,
$20; middle-aged woman, country, $20. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
S WAITRESSES, springs,, 3 months' work,
fare one way $20
15 waitresses different country hotels $20
8 chambermaids to wait country $20
4 waitresses, city and 2 chambermaids to
wait $20
Neat young cook, private boarding-house.. s3o
2 fancy Ironers. country. $10 week: fancy
lroner. $1 50 and found. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
4 COOKS, $25: 3 hnuseglrlH. $25; 10 houseglrls.
$20, and a number of young girls, $12, $15,
$18. C. R. HANSEN ft CO.. 104 Geary st
HEL.I* WANTED— Continued.
HOUSEGIRL, two in family, $25. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter ts.
NEAT girl, light second work and grown chil-
dren, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutterjrt.
RANCH cook, $20; waitress. $5 per week:
housework. Uerkeley, $25; Alameda. $25; OaK-
land, $23; San Rafael. $25; Oroville. $20. see
la.ly here; 15 housework girls, city, $20 and
$25; 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. Mlh»
CULLEN. 325 Sutter at.
WAITRESS. Krdwood City, $20; 2 waitresses.
Vallejo, $2* each; waitress, Crockett, $20; Ala-
meda. $20. MISS CUI— BN, 325 Sutter st.
2 CHAMHERMAIDS and waitreses, $20 each.
city. MISS crLLEN, 325 Sutter St.
WAITRESS, sleep home, $20. MISS CULLEN.
82E Sutter st.
GERMAN cook ami laundress, $80. MISS
CULLEN. 32i Suttpr st.
GERMAN nursery governess and seamstress,
$30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, delicacy store, $25, sleep home. MISS
OPLLEK. 325 Sutter st.
COLORED cook. Berkeley, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
NEAT girl, lipht work, sleep home, $10. MISS
CULLEN, US Sutter St.
FRENCH girl, second work. $20, 2 In family.
MISS CULLED. 325 Sutter St.
NITRSEGIRL, $10. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
2 COOKS, $35 and $30; 3 second girls, $20 and
$25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MOTHER and daughter, $30, good place. MISS
(TI-LEN, 325 Sutter at.
REFINED German second girl, $20: refined
German nurse. $20. MISS CULLEN. 825 Sutter.
NITRSE. country!""^. MISS~ CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. _
GERMAN or Swedish cook. $30. see lady here
10:30. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS; also elderly woman for house-
work. Apply Presidio Restaurant, Lyon and
Greenwich: call early.
FINISHERS and buttonhole makers on custom
coats; good wages. 172 Perry st.
WANTED— A young girl to assist with house-
work; good home; wages, $6 a month. Call
1523 Pine st.
FOR country— Cook, wash and iron, Mt. View,
$25; girls, general housework, Sonora, $2o;
Vallejo, $20; Belvedere, $20; Palo Alto, $20;
Oakland. $25; Sausalito, $2f>; Alameda. $25;
laundress, private family. $25; 2 waitresses
and chambermaid, country hotel, $20; S wait-
resses, south. $20; waitresses and chamber-
maid, springs, $15 and increase; infant's
nurse. $25. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
F< Hi city— l Scandinavian and German cooks,
$30; 20 girls, general housework. American and
German families, $15 and $20; waitress, pri-
vate boarding house, $20; 4 waitresses, res-
taurants, $5 and $6 week; German, French
and Irish second girls and sewing, $15 and
$20 J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 816 Sutter St.
WANTED— Cook for ranch; neat woman for
kitchen and dlnine room work and plain
washing. J3O and found. MURRAY Jb
READY. 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
WANTED— Good tailoress for San Jose; steady
■work; good wages; call bet. 10 and 12 this
morning. 416 Fifth St.
YOUNG girl for light housework; German pre-
ferred. 1797 McAllister Bt.
WANTED— GirI to assist In light housework
and baby. 3670 Seventeenth St., near Church.
GIRL to assist with housework; must sleep
at home. 724 Powell st.
QIRL for plain cooking and to assist In general
housework; wages $15. "1620 Poet st.
WANTED— An apprentice on tailoring. 55 Har-
riet Bt.
COMPETENT dress-fitter for San Diego. Call
130 Ellis St., Wednesday, 12 to 1; references.
NEAT strong girl for general housework;
wages $15. ; 760 Castro ft-^_ , ■. ■ ■ ■
YOUNG girl to take charge of baby. Call or
address L. J., 632 Elizabeth St., Caatro-st. car.
WANTED YounK lady as clerk Instore. Picas-
address box 36. Call office.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In light house-
work. 18124 Stockton St.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework. 3143%
Sixteenth St.. near Guerrero.
GIRL, who understands hairdresslng. Call at
1602 Market st., at 9 a. m.
FINISHER on vests; also young apprentice.
317 Clementina st.
COAT finisher wanted; must know buttonholes.
123 Ituss st.
EXPERIENCED waitress for restaurant. 406
McAllister Bt.
GOOD finisher on coats. 251 Eighth St., Oak-
land.
EXPERIENCED girl wanted at Liberty
bakery, 857 Washington st., Oakland.
2 COOKS, $25, no washing: also upstairs girl,
$20; 8 girls for housework. 831 Larkln st.
NICE girl wanted to take car© of child. Apply
2735 Clay st.
WANTED— Young girl to do light housework.
1252 Union st. ; call early.
WANTED— A young German girl to take car*
of child and assist in house\^>rk; must be
wel! recommended. Apply In -pereon, 1921
Unicn st.
PROTESTANT girl for light housework, $8;
bring references. 710 Cole St., near Chutes.
WANTED-- Finishers on custom made coats;
also apprentices. 409 Clementina st.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework and
care of children; wages $10. 2517 Bush st.
GOOD waitress wanted. 313 O'Farrell st.
WOMEN and rlrls to work on fruit. Apply
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.. Ttntk
and Bryant eta.
WANTED— Operators on flannel overshlrts; a
few Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36% Fremont st.
OPERATORS on gent's white shirts. ROGER-
BON'B. 535 Valencia st.
WANTED— Experienced operators to work on
flannel overshlrts and drill clothing. Stand-
ard Shirt Factory, Gough and Grove sts.
YOUNG woman to do general housework. Ap-
ply 129 Perry st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
376 San Jose aye.
WANTED — A girl for general housework at
1626 Vallejo St.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns, 25c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
HELP WANTED-HALB.
YOUNG man, chores, country. $10. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
LABORERS 60 More Laborers
For tho mines, $1 60 to $2 50 day; laborers for
city work, $1 75 day; stone masons for Gov-
ernment work. $4 20 day. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay St.
FRUIT pickers ..Grape pickers.. Fruit pickers
25 men and strong boys to pick all kind of
fruit; no experience required.
60 men and strong boys to pick grapes, etc. ;
no experience required; cheap reduced R. R.
rates. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
COOK and wife, country hotel, $40 and found;
chef cook, restaurant, $65 and board; cooks,
city and country, $40 and $35; bakers, country
shops, $30 and $40; waiters, different country
hotels, $23; waiter for mine boarding house,
$25 and found; dishwasher for ranch, $20 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FOR a sawmill
Gang edger man, $40 and found: blacksmith
for a country shop, $2 day; see boss here —
Man to work In a tannery, $2 day. MURRAY
& READY, 634-636 Clay at.
ALL around butcher and work In slaughter-
house; country: $30 and found. MURRAY &
READY, C 34-636 Clay St.
ORCHARD work; we want for a large orchard
and vineyard company experienced man for
v the drying yard; also
Fruit pickers fruit pickers at
$23 per month and found
T'runers for a large orchard and vineyard;
tree budder. $26 and found. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay St.
SCRAPER teamsters free fare
Wanted to go to-day 20 more scraper team-
sters for railroad work, $25 and found and
free fare. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
RAILROAD Work
Plowholders, $2 day, free fare; 2-horse team-
sters, $1 70 day, free fare; 4-horse teamsters,
$1 85 day, free fare; also muckers and pickers
for tunnel work. MURRAY & READY, 634-
636 Clay.
FARE paid one way
for
150 men and strong boys to pick grapes for
a large vineyard company, $24 and found.
This is an exceptional good job and fare paid
one way. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
WANTED for a large ranch
10 teamsters, drive C and 8 horses, $25 and
found
Five 4-horse Fresno scrapers, $25 and found..
We also wont on other ranches In all parts
of the State general farm hands, teamsters,
choremen, etc., $26 and $30 per month and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
700 LABORERS for Alaska.. ..$3 to $3 50 a «Jay
12 bridge carpenters for Alaska railroad
$4 a day
Next steamer sails Friday, Job lasts this and
next year. Call and read letters and all
particulars at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 104
Geary st.
HELT WANTED— Continued.
500 LABORERS for British Columbia, $2 a day
up S months' work. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. .
FsWAMPERS $35 and found
10 lumber pilers $26 and found
10 tie makers, 10 woodchopper*
10 cross cut sawyers $30 and found
Carpenter, saw mill $45 and found
Planer man, saw mill $40 and found
2 carpenters, country $2 60 a day
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FOR COAST ROAD FREE FARE
Gang of teamsters and laborers coast rail-
road; ship to-morrow; regular wages. C. It.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
20 EXPERIENCED tunne.l men. $2 50 a day;
year's Job. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
15 2-HORSE teamsters, railroad work, $25 and
found; ship to-day; free fare, fr«e fare. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary sU
50 LABORERS and teamsters for a new moun-
tain railroad; regular wages. C. R. HAN-
SEN &. CO.. 104 Geary st.
75 BENCH MEN, muckers, hammer and drill
men and headers, $1 75, $2 and $2 50 a day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
10 ALMOND pickers. ..7s cents a day and found
40 laborers, city $1 7i a day
30 laborers for quarry, lumber $1 75 a day
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Oeary st.
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
Butcher, large country hotel. $50 and found;
Swedish baker. $35. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
YOUNG man to drive a delivery wagon for
a wholesale house, $25. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Two bridge carpenters for coun-
try, $3 a day. free fare
Gardener, man about place, for flrst-class
institution, references required, at $25 to $35
per month and found
Stableman, country, all around man, $25
Two men to cut tule grass, $1 a day and
board, see boss In city
Two good quarrymen, short distance, steady
place, $30 and board
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., C2B Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED— Farmer, stableman, etc.. for nice
country place. $20 and $30. see boss to-day in
city, call early
Bath house man, massage, for resort, $23 and
found
Two laborers for a mine. $2 a day !..".!!!
Four laborers, around furnace, $2 a day
Ten laborers, short distance, $1 75 a day
Two coopers, slack work. $30 and board
Men to get out railroad ties
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Cook for restaurant, half night,
half day, $60; baker's helper, country 1 , $25;
night cook, JS a week; cook, country lumber
camp, $25; waiter, country hotel. $25; two
neat dishwashers, $25 and $7 a week; third
cook, who can cut meat $35. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
20 WOODCHOPPERS. year's Job, Sonoma
County, 2 and 4 foot; oak and pine, $115
and 90c a cord; tools, provisions and fare ad-
vanced. R. T. WARD & CO., 60S and 610
Clay st.
20 ITALIANS to take contract to cut wood, or
by the cord; 10 axmen to make ties and lag-
gings, see boss here; choreman, $15; hostler.
$50; cook. $30; cook for few men, $15". R. T.
WARD & CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Barber for institution; short dis-
tance in country; at $25 per month with
board, lodging and washing; reference requir-
ed; steady place. W. D. EWER & CO.,
626 Clay st.
WANTED— Laundryman for institution; short
distance in country: gnod steady place; $35
per month and found; blacksmith and helper,
young man; near city; $9 per week; farmer,
near city; $26; meat cutter and work on
range; $35 to $40; vegetable man, $25, and
others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay St.
WANTED— Cook. French, $65; cook, coffee
house. $35; cook, country hotel, $30; dish-
washer, $25; waiter, hotel. $25 to $30; waiter,
restaurant, $40; young man for wine cellar,
country, $25, etc. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
WANTED— A boy about 15 years; state wages.
Box 701, Call Office.
LADIES and gentlemen; light, steady work at
home. 225 Minna st.
WANTED — Good coatmaker (male). W. E.
KENT, 121 Post St., third floor.
WANTED— Sober man who understands mlxinf
drinks in wine house; also act Indoor sales
man; married. German speaking preferred
Box 30, Call Office.
W r ANTED— Driver well acquainted In city for
selling mineral waters. Apply at once 218
McAllister st.
TAILOR wanted. 553 Valencia st.
OLD man handy about ranch; good home;
small wages. JAS. KENNY, Silver aye., nr.
Mission road.
FIRST-CLASS upholsterer; give references.
Box 24, Call office.
WANTED— A good tailor. 164 Jessie Bt., up-
stairs.
MAN wanted to work in Dr. Buzard's Dog
Hospital, corner of Post and Fillmore sts.;
chance to learn the business; small wages to
commence with.
PRESSBOY, one who understands typesetting.
506 Market St., room 2.
WANTED— Boy to feed Gordon press. 91
South Park. 9 o'clock.
HONEST boy about 14 to learn good business;
wages after the first month. Box 27, Call.
WANTED— A dishwasher, $15 month and
room. 1436 Turk st.
WANTED— A reliable man as house man in
hotel; must be a good sweeper.; state wages
expected; give references. Box 94, Call office.
BOY waiter wanted; must do porter work in
general. 37 Eddy st.
ELEVATOR boy wanted at Hotel Richelieu.
Geary and Van Ness; after 8:30 a. m.
NICE young Japanese who speaks English as
porter. 20 Stockton st.
BOY wanted to fold towels at Lick laundry, 9
Llok place.
COMPETENT optician; salary or commission;
fair work. 1071V4 Market St.. near Seventh.
BARBER shop for sale at a bargain; centrally
located: clears over $100 a month; must sell
this week. For particulars address box 40,
Call Office.
WANTED— Qood cook. 126 Ninth St.; call
early.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
SO years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their Intention to become such; must be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height. For further
Information apply at the recruiting office, 20
Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
. runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
BOOKKEEPER with $150 as partner In estab-
lished business; plain set of books; $50 per
month: short hours. Address P. O. box 403,
San Rafael, Cal.
PERMANENT salesman to consumers; city
and country; salary or commission. 1155 Mis-
sion Ht.
WANTED— 2 first-class cutters. Apply SIEBE
SHOE CO.. 23 Jessie st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. 138H Eighth st.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; short-
est time; easy terms. 1542 Market st.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50: men's
soling, 26c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
J. J. HEINZ. «30 Market St., official em-
ployment sec. of Barbers' Protective Union.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie U<4.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec, 825 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
I Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
MEN to learn barber trade in 8 weeks. San
Francisco Barber College. 138% Eighth st
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellh^st.
j TRY Acme House. 967 Market St., >eJow Sixth,
I for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
i WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter st.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 16c night; 75c and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard st*.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c night; reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the r<
j — — — — ■
AGENTS WASTED.
I MANUFACTURERS of the only absolutely
non-gumable mucilage bottle In the world
wants general agents in every county ana
State: exclusive territory: big profits: sample
20c. Call or address NELS A. LYBECK &
CO., 606 Fourth Bt., San Francisco.
AGENTS to handle a quick-selling novelty of
merit. Greater West Adv. & Novelty Co.,
11S5U. Washington at.. Oaklanrt^_C&L
PARTNERS WASTED.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant man wants partner;
fine location; good business; too much for one
man: $100. 963 Twelfth St.. Oakland.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CJLRH for~fixturee. groceries, furniture, mer-
chandise; sold on commission: reasonable. E.
COHN. auctioneer, 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
H. BAUM buys furniture and general mer-
chandise. 1067 Market at.; tel. Jewrt* M,
HOUSE ; OR4 COTTAGE " A WANT
WANTED— About September 13, new flat "or
cottage; no old building; five or six rooms;
accessible; with yard preferred; no children;
rent not over $30. T. P. R. P. O. box 2194.
HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED— 4 room~cottage with large yard;
rent $12. Box 33. Call office. ,
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
WANTED— 2 unfurnished rooms by lady with
one child. Address G., ' 2526 Mission st.
MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— oil magic lantern. Address box
1753. Call Office. "■
WANTED— A second-hand steam power merry-
go-round.- Address box 1754. Call Office.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and stereopticon apparatus;
. second-hand. 420 Grove st. __ ;
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
. ratus. second-hand. 103 Montgomery st.
~~ CLAIRVOYANTS. ■__
-MRS. DR. F. CLARK •,- , :? .
m ' j — ,
Unrivaled. :r:: r : n
Trance Clairvoyant and Medium.
While entranced she will reveal every^ hidden
mvsten- In life; will show you how to over-
Sme your enemies, remove family troubles,
restore last affections; unites the separate, re-
covers lost, stolen or buried property; locates
treasures, minerals; tells your entire l.fe
past, present and future, while In a perfect
trance. Hours 1.0 a. m. to op. -m . perfect
satisfaction guaranteed by mail. Send stamp
for circular with special terms.
Rooms 25 and 26, 1206 Market street.
ATTENTION -25t: ~ 7; r2s °
A Wonderful Gift. Possessed Alone
By DOCTOR FLORENCE DU ALL.
World-acknowledged authority on palmistry,
occult science and spirit power, who is in this
cltv, direct from her permanent headquar-
ters in LONDON. ENGLAND.
To Show Her Phenomenal Power
Will reduce her .lowest fee to
25c FOR ONE WEEK.
1 Regular fee positively $2 and $3 afterward.
! Private parlors, 332 Stockton st. Hours, 10
a. m. to 8 p. m. Open Sundays.
X. B.— Lucky days, astral colors and gems
with print of hand giyen.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and second
Bight; diagnoses disease: full life reading: la.
50c- gentssl; palm, andclalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME EMMET, clairvoyant, crfrd reader,
scientific palmist; 25c and 50c. 148 Sixth st.,
parlor 31.
MISS MELVILLE, sreat clairvoyant and water
reader, 921H Mission st. ; German spoken.
MME. HANSON, palmist, oard reader: past,
present and fumre; 25c. 148 ~ixth St.. room 10.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and car*
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., hear Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS DR. RAMONDI— Your fortune told by
chlrography. $1 and $2. 109 Grant aye., room 2.
SONORA RAMONA. medium and card reader:
10c; ladles only. 23 Ash aye.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. ;,'ii-; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, -trance test medium
and life reader; also medical clairvoyant;
treats with revealed remedies; removes can-
cer without pain: treats all diseases: private
sittings $1; by letter $2. Office. 232 Stockton.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. 10c. Ci>3 McAllister St.: come, skeptics.
CIRCLE to-night, 112 Vi Oak st. ; Thursday, 2
p. m. ; readings, $1. C. MAYO-STEERS.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance;
8 p. m. ; 26c. 409 Leavenwcrth st.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Haight st.
O. A. KRAUS, medium; astrology and palmis-
try; sittings dally. 334 Eddy st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia St.; read-
ings, $1: cir. Tues., Fri., 2p. m. ; Mon. 8; 25c.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 212 M: Sixth st.
HYPNOTISM
S. F. College Therapeutics; open afternoon and
evening for patients and pupils. To-night
the lame. halt, blind come and be healed
without money or price. 305 Larkln st.
S. F. College Therapeutics; open afternoon and
evening for patients and pupils. 305 Larkln.
LOST.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Socletv of San Francisco, in the
name of ANNA MURZ. No. 224-1453. Finder
will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hi hernia Pavings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of LOUISA MARSILI. No. 149-292. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— GoId American flag stick pin; gift of a
dear friend. Finder kindly return same to
this office.
LOST — Pair of gold-rimmed eyeglasses; .re-
ward. NE. cor. Sixth and Folsom sts.
LOST — Eyeglasses with chain attached, Satur-
day night, between McAllister and Leaven-
worth. Market arid Hayes BtS.
LOST — Bank book. Please return to Hibernia
Bank; also glasses with same.
GOLD medal lost— L. C. C. $2 £0 reward upon
returning to owner, 151S' Sanchez st.
LOST — Gold spectacles, Bohemian Grove. Aug.
28. Finder address P. WINDHAM. $42 Fulton.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in tho
name of JOHANNA EGAN. No. 171,331. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— August 14, pair cuff links, at Sliver
Springs, near reservoir. Suitable reward it
returned to 1313 Larkin st.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of Pan Francisco, in tha
name of ANNA MI'RRY; No. 224-1453. Tha
finder will please return to hank.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MARY WALSH: No. IS2-613. Tha
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbornla Savings
and Loan Society of Pan Francisco, in the
name of PATRICK LEE or BRIDGET LEE,
No. 111,351. The finder will please return to
bank.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free. ___^ — _ mmmm ___ ,^_^_
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
TROTLERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont si
INVALID rolling chair for sale. 702 Capp st..
near Twenty-second. -■ - . . .-■
FOUR- cows for rent. Apply CI..AUSSEN Gro-
cery. 771 Capp st. ■■ .. -. hv., : .
PRIVATE sale of bedroom set. .- fold-
Ing bed, pictures, couches, chairs, portieres '
"' lace curtains; three days; sold cheap. 980
. Post Bt._ ' ' ' ' •'-■"■■"'_
50 000 FEET 2d-hand lumber: rustic and floor-
in*- 15th. near Mission; old buildings bought.
F. J. FRENCH. Royal House. 126 Ellis st. "
CORRUGATED iron and lumber cheap. Apply
at City Hall. McAllister st. side. ;
SKATES; 150 pairs; good as new; cheap. At
606 Fourth st. : _____"1 ' -
LADY'S sealskin Jacket for sale; almost new
Box 53. Call of flee.
NEW mining and- milling machinery cheaD-
easy terms. Assay office, 10 Stevenson st.
PHONOGRAPHS *20: records. J5 per dozen-
- projectoscope. $100. Baclgalupl, 938-?S2 Market.'
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures: new and sec-
mVsslo^, &£%%£"' -■">»-101».l0a.l0M
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys. shafting, en-
glnes. boilers, dynamos, etc. 516 Mission st. j
J# K R ri- < F OOL ' > . house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. : So. 787.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes: half original poet. 109-111 Market. S. F.
5__ WIXO MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, , Domestic. Singer and - Whit*
cneap. repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission at.
2 - MO i^ THIjY rented^ repaired, bought, sold;
- ■ machine supplies. \ 145 Sixth ; phone Mint ; 15.
A hn.i ! n(l8 boußhtTsolZ exchanged. ; rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
typewriters"!!
A L^ ty P cwrltters "old and rented7~few~"£artly
«n~ fo T sale cheap: send , for samples and
Prices. ALEXANDER & CO., UP Montgomery.
N W Hammond. *35: Callgraph7*ls; Yost.. «s;
_ get sample work.< SCOTT. 333 Montgomery.
iZIL^L ■'■-' ■ STORAGE. : '-i:" Y '."- r.-""
p^ c^" RUDOLPH ! Storage and , Moving Co..
■ .- office Tenth and Market; - telephone South 186.
?*U R NrrURE,'; trunks. ; etc. , Golden West Stor-
*«• Warehouse.' 840 Mission st. ; tel. Mint 1321.• . BUSINESS CHANCES.
'SIOO— CANDY, fruit and notion store- bargain.
MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
$2iX«v- -GENERAL merchandise store in a pros-
perous country town; stock by Inventory; re-
tiring, cause of sale. Mclaughlin & CO.,
. 777 Market Bt.
' *UPO— BEER-BOTTLING business; worth dou- j
ble the. price asked. For full particulars see
Mclaughlin & co.. 777 Market st.
CORNER saloon; bargain this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market St.
$1200— FIRST-CLASS r restaurant and oyster j
bouse'ln a prosperous country town: doing a
business' from $30 to $50 dally: long lease;
I beat -location; legitimate, established busi-
ness; trial given. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 '
. Market st.
A— s22oo; LIVERY and boarding stable. West- j
crn Addition; has 20 horses, 10 buggies, wag- ■
ons, -harness, etc.; 16 steady boarders; rea- !
sonable rent. Including 6 rooms: selling on
account of other business; will take real es-
tate or good security: a bargain. GEO.
STEWART & CO., 632 Market, st.
A— s2so: PARTNER wanted In light business; 1 j
hour's ride from city. in lively town; estab- j
, llshed 5 years; doing business that will clear ;
. $75 per month to each, sure; thorough Inves-
tigation. GEO. STEWART & CO., 632 Mar-
ket st. • ;;;-'..
$500— CONFECTIONERY, ice cream and
branch bakery; fixtures worth $800; make of-
• fer. KREDO _ CO. j
$325— BRANCH bakery, delicacy and notions: 5 I
, rooms; receipts $10 daily. KREDO & CO.
$800— DELICATESSEN; value In stock; $25
dally; this Is a bargain. KREDO & CO..
• 22H Geary st. .
**00— STATIONERY, notion and variety store
north of Market « . ; 4 living rooms: cheap
rent: fine opportunity; old-established trade.
_ LESS. 765 Market St.
$450— GROCERY and bar; north of Market St.;
. old- established: fine location; doing good
■ business. JONES A SEARLL. 865 Market st.
wanted— communicate with party who
• is willing to invest not less than $300 in long
• • established business connected with dogs;
present proprietor is adding another depart-
. ment to the business and requires assistance,
'. as he cannot attend to all himself. Box
■ ' 1729. Call office.
' BAKERY with good oven attached; suitable
for a baker or first-class branch bakery, cot-
.* * cc parlor and delicatessen store combined;
' . good reasons for selling; rent reasonable. Ad-
.". v dress box 2S. Call office. ''
: FOR sale for cash, as I leave San Francisco,
"•'■gTsind upright piano for one-third Its value;
. ' standard make; used three months; 5 years'
\.-. guarantee fro.m manufacturer. -226 Eighth st.
• $200 : Restaurant; rood location; mar.v-
• ■Vfacturfng district; cheap rent; clearing $60
• . ; - to>"s7s per month; no agents. Address box
• ; 82; Call office.
' JWOO"— LONG established drug store in West-
ern Addition; good business for druggist who
!' would attend his store. Apply Call office.
■- GOO.b : bakery, only store trade; cash business:
. ■ good location; fine chance for baker. For par-
• • tlculars apply this office.
PARTNER, lady or gentleman, in nice
■■ ■ restaurant; owner sick; tired of hired help.
'- '. LESS, 765 Market st.
$150 — STATIONERY store, fixtures, furniture,
.-■etc.: a chance for some one. Call after 7
p. m., 201 Hyde st.
'■'TO be sold at once: an old established barber |
■.-.shop: cause, ill health. 219 Broadway; cheap.
: OLD-ESTABLISHED drinking saloon for pale
.■•cheap. Inquire CoO Sacramento St.. nr. Kearny. i
FOR SALE— coffee and chop house: good j
. .-. chance for man and wife. Apply 239 Eighth. ,
■ $73— RESTAURANT ; a sacrifice; must sell to-
■ : day.' Apply 511 Castro st.
' FOR Barber shop: established 7 years:
j :.'- 2" chairs. 27 Montgomery aye. . .
METROPOLITAN Dairy for. sale cheap. 429
■ ' Minna st. , -
$3500- -FINE delicacy and grocery; all cash
• ■ trade; $45 to $50 daily; clears $275 per month:
I fine living rooms and bath; long lease; :
" ' cheap rent; large cellar; horse and wagon; j
• • Une stock fine fixtures; for sale on account
. of death In family. MRS. W. S., box 132,
.. Gall Office. ' ■
$300— PARTNER wanted in light business.
■ • where the services of plain, steady man are
preferred to hired help; business long estab-
:"'• fished and too much for one man; no expe-
: : Tience required; trial given; $18 to $30 a week
'... each. 9 Geary St.. room 2.
■FOR /sale — A splendid opportunity; an old-es- i
" .tabll»hed branch bakery and variety store: j
'•' -over- 12 years on the same corner; will, on ac- |
■ ■• co-Jnt of old age. sell at a sacrifice; more than
. " full value In sight. Call at 412 A Thirteenth .
: . it..' arbove Valencia. j
'•'GROCERY and bar for sale, with lease; open
'.. for 'inspection. Apply northeast corner Page j
arid Oeta via. «.«.. or CUKTIN „ & , BKAL3. , j
• -Mills building; third floor. ...-■■
FOR" SALE— Fremont Bazaar, 17-7 McAllister
I. Ft:.' near Baker; opposite Fremont School; no
• '' opposition: has the exclusive trade of large
school. Inquire on premises.
•RESTAURANT; must rent or sell: cheap;
■" owner going- East: first-class fixtures; cor.
•First" and Franklin. 560 Franklin si.. Oakland.
' $*004-18-ROOM- rooming house nicely furnished;
' good location; rooms all occupied; select. Box
2«), Call Office.
ONE of the oldest dyeing establishments in
• this city for sale cheap on account of re-
• tiring from business. Inquire 148 Third st-
GAS fixtures very low: large assortment; 1
. and 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap. HIiF-
ECHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. .■'.■?--'■-;
'.FOR Sale— Fine paying business: restaurant;
. suitable for man and wife. 812 La rkln St.
$200— SMALL French laundry, with horse and
' wagon, for sale. Apply 514 Bush at. ■
SMALL restaurant for sale. 324 Larkln st.
WELL established manufacturing business for
• sale cheap. Inquire cigar store, 1739 Mission.
FOR Sale— Pharmacy: prescriptions only; good
opportunity. Box 56, Call office.
BARBER shop for sale; 3 chairs; $200. Box
' 160. Call office. '
- PAPER route for sale. Particulars at 560 How-
ard st. -
GOOD location for fruit store; fixtures In; |
reasonable. 290 Third aye.. cor. Clement; take
■Sutro car. ■
SALOON for sale: under the Mission Opera
•Hall. 2131 Mission st.
• OLP-ESTABLISHED saloon cheap. 211 Grant
avenue. ' "
BAKERY, elegantly fitted up: fine cosh
; trade-, owner anxious to sell. 3025 Sacramento.
CIGAR Store for sale cheap on account of leav-
. • ing city. 434\i Third at. .
FOR sale— Call route at San Jose. For par-
.' ticulars apply at Call business office.
• COFFEE and tea routes supplied from. GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.' 3. 415 Sacramento at.
' LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
• A--J0 ROOMS: new and clean $1550
•74 rooms; south of Market st.; fine 4000
• * 81 rooms; transient; Market st 9M
• 15 rooms; select; transient; c0rner....... 300
■■ 14 rooms; fine house: Income $50 clear,.... .900
• 86 rooms; elegant; furnished h0te1......... 18«
'. 60- rooms; part cash; transient;^...... I<U
IS rooms; Market at.; clears $200; cheap.. 860
. F[ C HYDE & CO., successors to Rogers
A Hyde, 1306 Market Bt. '
:': ' _._» ROOMS; rent' $30; near Baldwin Hot
•. call this week; bargain. F. C. HYDE &
• CO.. successors to Rogers & xlyde, 12C6 Mar-
ket st. ■
A-KREDO _ CO.. ...W GEARY ST.
MONEY TO LOAN.
' .' 11 rooms; fine residence; Geary St.; doctor
• pays rent; clears $40 monthly; must sell. $600
II rooms; new; all full; central and desir-
able; clears $100 month :-y*"V.*"". IZWJ
22 rooms; newly papered; good furniture;
' cost $1500; for sale at •■••• -..«»
25 rooms; Post at.; clears $100 monthly;
fine home; make an offer •■••• las °
48 rooms: best on Geary fit.; clears $luO; __
nothing better ever offered '000
Several large houses to exchange for realty.
. Many others too numerous to mention.
WINSTON _ CO., 646 Market st.
MONEY TO LOAN AT 2V_ PER CENT. * _
20 rooms; rent $27; renovated throughout. $400
.24 rooms; rent $55; sunny corner '•■" 750
85 rooms; Mason st.; strictly flrst-class.. M6oo
62 rooms: rent $100; north of Market 1550
OAKLAND— FIrst-clasß family rooming-house,
partly furnished; clears $120 a month. Ad-
dress Poatofflce box 71. Oakland. : ■
LODGING house for sale or exchange. Room
414 Examiner building. .-...'■- '
BARGAIN— cottage, 8 rooms; well fur-.
. nished: central; cheap; parties going. 132 Turk.
K>-ROOM house and dressmaking .establish-
ment: sell at once. 242 Taylor at.
839 HAVES Branch office of Th» Call.
. Subscriptions and ads taken. : • i ■
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
. moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
; 88 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
' WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
. send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
• heating Works, 353-57 Tehama et. ; tel. 8. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Butter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor.
. J. McQUEEN'b Call Carpet-cleaning Co.. 4B
Stevenson st.; teL South 228; lowest rates. :.-
CARPETS cleaned at Jic per yard; relald at 80.
. STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
, ft. 1 cleaning 3c yard; tel. j Mission 74.
- CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating- Works, 233 Golden j
Gate aye. ; tel. East 12«. - - %-•<> . J
PERSONALS.
PARTIES who saw lafly thrown from Castro-
st. car Thursday night. August 23,' at cross-
ing of Church and Market sts., please send
address to 221 Church st. M. MURPHY.
STRICTLY temperate, steady man of 31 wishes
to act as nurse and companion for invalid j
gentleman; references. P., box 139, Call.
THE well-known Dr. Popper, specialist for all ■
kinds of disfigurements- of the face.' removes
permanently superfluous hair, freckles, moles,
tan, clears the complexion, black worms,
pimples, scars, birthmarks and all kinds of
skin diseases, etc.. etc.: every case Is guar-
anteed and can be treated through the mall;
also new method- for enlargement of the
bust.. Offices, 318 Kearny st. -
MY up-to-date artists do only up-to-date hair-
dressing; my price, only 25c; hair restored to
its natural color, $160 up: good switches, $1;
finest, $3 50; extra. $5. Open Sunday, 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
LEDERER'S Qulnonla promotes the growth of
the hair. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House. 44- Third Bt.. near Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 CO per night; $100 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices.
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
ELECTRIC sealskin jackets to order. $50.
MARX -. Fur Store. 957 Market St.
i HOME In confinement: diseases of .women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth at.. Alameda.
! SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
■ LEMOS. 1117 Market gt., bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
CHILDREN"S dresses made; fitted at their
homes. Address D.. 357 Hayes st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French ' Tailoring
College. Sl6 Market st.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses. $3
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy St.. rm. 14-15
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
i AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we as>k you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and- satisfy the
customer. .
$100 CASH for high-grade upright, worth twice;
a square. $25: a Stein way, $150; a genuine
Hardman, $350, excellent order; Hardman
■agtmcv; carload just In', fine showing of fancy
cases." see them now. THE J. DEWING CO..
second floor. Flood building. .
MARSHALL & WENDI' r. $75: C. Hall.
$100; Bradbury. $130: Neuman, $14.".; Sterling.
$ISS; Estey. $190: guaranteed; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON. Checkering agents,
16 O'Farrell st. - '
FOR the next 30 days pianos will tv» sold for
cash at almost cost price by THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market at.; they
are making room for fresh stock.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauiy, Newby, Evans.
Brlpgs and other pianos: see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. SOS. 310. 312 Post st.
24 ELEGANT new pianos: $3 per mo.: 2d hand
I upright. $50. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
i STEINWAY upright, almost new; bargain for
cash. 834 Turk St.
A— UPRIGHT: $5 Installments; other cheap
pianos. 216 McAllister st. -
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
ail. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest; price lowest : uprights. $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister St.,
next HlbernTa Bank. SCHMITZ. \_
i KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St. .
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
HORSES.
LARGE assortment of work, draught and driv-
ing horses, cheap. 145 Valencia St.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth; auction pales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN _ DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies* wagons, harness of all
kinds: 40 hrr«es; must sell. 1 Emporium Sale*
Yards. 220 Valencia at.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. .
GRAND surrey, robe-, harness. Address box
23. Call office. ■ ' "
GOOD second hand business buggy and light
cart; must be Bold. • 1304 Webster St. :-• -.
FOR sale— Business buggies and carts; cheap.
903 Golden Gate aye. ■ ■
FINE laundry, bakers' and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments: 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. v 928 Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale of haroess and vehicles. Lle-
bold Harness Co.. 11l La rkln. opp. City Hall.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
trueiriends of all invalids, men and women:
£0 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else ! fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc; babies adopted; travelers treated; -,. no
delay; self-cure Bent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. • MRS. . M". DAVIES, _2S Market
st. ; pills, $1; very strong. $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute euro for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects: taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box. sent free by
mail on receipt of Price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER nROS.. 23
Grant aye.. S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
SELF-CURE can be sent for female trouble;
no matter from what cause and hnw long
standing- every woman her own phyßiclan;
res always in one day: safe and sure; no
mr-Hclne or instruments used: consultation
free; saves disgrace; pills and capsules. $1.
By the well-known ladlee' physician, for 37
yearn, DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours: safe and sure at all times
When others have failed: no Instruments used;
travelers helped at once; home In confine-
ment; every case guarr-teed; consultation
free and confidential; s<»!f-cure. $5: pills. $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 20? Turk at., near Jones.
DR WISE, late of Bellevue Hospital, N. V. ;
offices. Hackmeir Hotel, 123 Eddy st. : hours
* to 11 2 to 6 and 6 to 8; consult him for
treatment on all dlneases peculiar to women:
patients assured flrst-class medical attend-
ance, besides enjoying privacy of home with
experienced attendants; strictest confidence
maintained In all cas*»s; consultation free.
A TREATMENT that restore* Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities fmm what-
ever cause- no inptruments used; guaranteed
curs at office. $8; travelers helped Instantly ;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS DR KOHL, 1122 Market st^
LADIES. Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best: safe, reliable; take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladles": letter by return mall: at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phi la.
DT? and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Goiaen Oate
aye. ; private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate: infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'JT French ptlla,- a boon to ladles with
fpmale troubles; no danger: safe cure: $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Aeents. Oakland. Cal.
PRIVATE home In confinement by a first-class
German midwife: Infants adopted into good
homes. 515 Turk St., near Larkin.
LADIF.S. my monthly regulator cannot fall;
box free. MRS. R ROWAN. Milwaukee. Wis.
LADIES my monthly regulator cannot fall;
box free. MRS. B. ROWAN. Milwaukee, Wls.
MRS. A CHARD, midwl'«- home In confine-
ment: confinement alone, $5. 156 Second st.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Pu<»tz: Infallible. *afe reme-
dies; 38 yearn* experience. 254'<. Fourth st.
DR. HALL. 1223 Market St., diseases of women
an.l ohlldrpn. ■ - :
~"~~ "dentists. • ' .■■ - ■
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 60c; crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
rROOME~DentaI Parlors. 759 Market, bet. 3d
and 4th— Painless filling, extracting, cntwnlng
and bridging by use of electricity; plates, $5
up' filling. We up: crowns and bridges, $5 up;
- extracting with gas, $1. ' - ;
nR : GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist discoverer of painless ; extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
V iv VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth $5 up: fillings. 25<= up; all : work
Painless 'and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market st.. cor. Sixth.
PAINLESS extraction, bridge work. . New York
v methods at New ; York j prices by New , York
; dentisU.- 969 Mission St.. cor.' Sixth.- - :.
tvr T TTDLUM HILL. 1448 Market St.. near
Fieventh; crowns. . bridge work and filling a
Bpecra-lty; :■ all work reasonable; gas given.,.-,
ALL" work reasonable and warranted.- DR. : J.
f.wT KEY. 1320 , Market st. .
PAINLESS filling a specialty. DRS. _ PERRY
& CHRISTIE. 8 Mason et., cor. Market, ,, Vl ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 30, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ELEGANT house S rooms; front and rear gar-
den. 818 McAllister St.; rent $35.
PINE and Hyde— Large corner house of 33
rooms and S baths; very centrally located;
treasonable Apply MADISON _ BURKE.
HOUSE of 7 rooms and bath; large garden; ce-
mented back yard; beautiful and extensive
view treasonable rent. Inquire at 823 Union.
LEWENWORTH, 2202-House of 10 rooms;
beautifully situated; large grounds; rent
moderate; if agreeable be taken partially in
board. ' ■■■■'■ ■__ __"
LINDEN AYE.. 4CS, near Laguna— 50: house
of 4 rooms; cellar and yard.
MASON, 809, near Pine-House of S large sunny
r- is; bath, gas; low rent to good tenant.
MODERN house, nine rooms and bath; marine
view; 3419 Jackson st. ; rent cheap. MADI-
SON & BURKE. ■ : ■ • '
TO LET— A 2-story bay-window house; few
blocks off Kearny, $40; cheap. 411 O Farrell.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HO WELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. :
$12— HOUSE of 6 rooms, 3 Lawrence place, off
Fremont St., between Harrison and Bryant;
planked yard; grand view of bay. -
$15—7 ROOMS and -bath, furnished or unfur-
nlshed. 137 Julian aye., off 16th and Mission.
$35-LOS GATOS, In Glen Ridge Division, house
of nine rooms completely and excellently ».ur-
nlshed: Address box 243, Los Gatoa.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
A^FURNISHED house near Van Ness aye.;
large drawing room, library and dining room
en suite-; 9 bedrooms: house sunny and nearly
new; furnace; gas logs and open grates: large
garden: good neighborhood. Address box 190.
Call Office.
TWENTY-FIRST. 3238, near Mission— rooms;
sunny corner; piano, range, pas stove. .
COTTAGES TO I__T.
COLLINS, 113, near Bay-window cot-
tage, 4 rooms; water free; $10.
COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath; rent $12. 454
Clipper St., near Castro.
SUNNY 4-room cottages, with yard, $11. Sec-
ond st. and Rlncon aye.. near Brannan.
4-ROOM cottage: large yard. 2301 Polk St.
FURNISHED FLATS.
FDDY IS36A— Sunny corner flat. 5 rooms and
bath: furnished: adults only; reference.
FLATS TO LET.
EDDy7^244, near Laguna— flat 5 rooms;
bath; modern improvements.
ELEGANT flat, 7 rooms, bath; rent $35. €25
Post st. 2
FOLSOM 951. near Sixth— Flat with 7 rooms
and bath; suitable for private and rooming.
FLAT of 4 rooms; 2 stalls: wagon house. 1
Isls St.. near Twelfth and Folsom: rent $16.
FRANKLIN. Sunny flat of 5 rooms and
bath. "
FULTON 118— Fine sunny middle flat, 7 room«,
bath; near City Hall.
GROVE. Flat, bay-window, 4 rooms, bath,
and yard; $16. _____
HANDSOME finished 7 and S room middle and
lower flats; modern improvements. 1127 and
1129 Bush st. ____
HARRISON, 2041. opposite Eighte*nth-2 nice
sunny flats, 3 and 4 rooms. $9 and $10.
HYDE Sl3— 9 sunny rooms: modern; quiet;
good \lew; perfect order; handy to business.
LOWER flat, 5 sunny rooms, bath; yard, base-
ment; rent $17. 134 Page st.
MISSION. 1150— Nice upper flat: i rooms.; re-
cently renovated; rent $15. EASTON. EL-
DRIDGE & CO., 63S Market 8^
MISSION 1513 A. near Eleventh— Flats of 5 and
6 rooms'; bath; laundry; rent *I_^_£ :
MOSS 30. near Howard and Seventh—
bay-window flat, 5 large rooms; yard; base-
ment.^ ' ; ■""'"■ '""'
NATOMA. 716. between Eighth and Ninth-
Flat of 4 rooms, bay-window and bath; 112.
OAK 921 A —Nice flat. S rooms and bath; rent
reduced.. $18; water free; nr. Park Panhandle,
SUNNY flats, 3 and 4 rooms; bath. Key at
1026 Howard St., near Twelfth.
SHIPLEY, 287. near Sixth— 5 rooms and
bath: new; $14. *
SUNNY flat. 5 rooms and bath: modern: separ-
ate yard; $16. 1726 Bryant, bet. 16th and 17th.
TO Beautiful, sunny flats; marine view; •
6 rooms; modern Improvements; half block
from cars: rents $18 and $20. Apply at 2044
Leavenworth st. • -• - ■ ■
UPPER flat. 5 rooms, bath; large yard: stable;
rent $15. Twenty-fourth and Treat aye.
UPPER flat of 5 nice sunny rooms and bath;
rent cheap. 1385 Vallejo st. ■
WANTED at once— loo tenants for flats, cot-
tages; willing to make Inducements; 10 to 30
days free; flats $3 up at SPECK & CO.'S.
602 Market st. -
W_ «m rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 19 Mont-
gomery at. ■
6 LOVELY' rooms, bath. 411 Lyon st.. near en-
trance to Park. $14.
$7— UPPER flat of 3 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl St.,
off Market, near Valencia. '
I«_LOWFR flat - * rooms. Apply corner gro-
cery. Twenty-fourth and Florida sts. .--.- ; .
$12— SUNNY flat; bay view; 3 rooms, bath and
blscment. 11l Cherry St.; call 120 Golden
' Gate aye. '- "
$12— SUNNY: 4 rooms; lower. $10. 133 Ivy aye..
near Van Ness. - ■"-■- '■■
14 AND $12— Upper and lower flats. 5 rooms:
large yards: sun all day. 187 Fair Oaks St..
near Twenty-third.
115— FLAT • « rooms and bath; marine view.
14V4 Bernard st., bet. Taylor and Jones.
$17 50— MIDDLE flat of 6 rooms and bath. 1909
Geary st. ' '. m '
9-3239 -^TWENTY-FIRST St., near Valencia;
lower flat. 5 rooms; modern improvements:
cellar and garden. ■ ■' ■
i-tTio-SUNNY; 6 rooms; bath. 218 Van Ness
avenue. •
$25-618Vt GROVE St.. bet. Laguna and Bu-
chanan, flat, 6 rooms and bath; modern lm-
provementß. L^___________________
"rooms FOR housekeeping. "
A— SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding- bed* ; 1 in
kitchen and 1 in bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture all new; $3 per week: suitable for
4 or 5 persons. Apply at shoe store. »62 Mis-
sion at., between First and Second.
EDDY 915—3 furnished connecting rooms: first
floor;' conveniences; fine location; private resi-
dence. - ■' " '- -
ELLIS. 327—2 large unfurnished rooms; us© of
kitchen: also nice room for gent; private.
EDDY, 917— Well- furnished connecting sunny
hskpng. rooms; large garden; fine location.
FOLSOM," 810 — Two rooms; one; sunny front
room, with kitchen attached; complete for
-housekeeping; no children; rent $10. .
FULTON, — 1 or 2 furnished rooms; privilege
light housekeeping; rent reasonable.
FIFTH," 353— Furnished double parlors, kitchen,
bath. 2 beds; also single, $4.
GOLDEN GATE, 1509-2 . or . 3 unfurnished
.rooms; use of gas and bath; private family.
HOWARD. 625— Large, pleasant- rooms complete
for housekeeping; reasonable. >"-_
HOWARD. -Nicely furnished bay window
suite, with kitchen: others; reasonable. ■■
HOWARD 8198 (The Hanover House)—, sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms. $10 per month.
HOWARD, 953—2 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent $8. : .1
JESSIE 373. near Emporium— 2 sunny rooms
complete for housekeeping; $9. '
JESSIE, 373, near Emporium— 3 rooms furnish-
ed for 'housekeeping; $14. r .
LARKIN, 901 A— Housekeeping rooms, furnished
or unfurnished; snnnv corner; running water;
rent cheap. -. ' ? -.* ~ *,V • ' ' -
LEAVENWORTH, 817—2 unfurnished rooma for
housekeeping; rent reasonable. '. --.--'■■■■
LEWIS 18, oft Taylor, near Post— Large sunny
unfurnished ; room, kitchen and cellar.
LYON 1412. near Sutter— Four rooms ' furnished
complete for housekeeping; rent $15.
MASON — 2 - : connecting rooms privilege
light housekeeping; single, gent or lady.
MINNA " 11IV4— S housekeeping room.
$1 25: bay-window room, $1 60: ■ suite, ;$2 60;
single rooms, 75c a week and up. -..,: ■.-'.-. ■--■-,;
MINNA, 281, corner Fourth— Furnished house-
keeping; complete; 'very. cheap.
MINNA, 646— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
: Ing. . ■-*■-"■ '"'- ■' '"■■ i '- •"'•' '-' :
MINNA, 739, near Ninth— 2 or 3 furnished rooms
for housekeeping. .'•■{,-, j.V -...; .-'■ s •-."■--.,
MISSION, 519— Newly ■ renovated y.,- large ; front
, rooms; furnished; - housekeeping; reasonable. . ;
MISSION; 1241—2 sunny furnished i rooms ; run-
ning water; housekeeping If desired. : -
NINTH, 20, near i Market— 2 ■' sunny connecting
• rooms, housekeeping,* stove, % water, gas;
single. - ■ , __^ .-v v ■-.•-■'■-..••' .*- '■-- ■'':•■ ' ■ '-. ; :.V'-.-
OAK ' 1191—3 : or .5 ' furnished . rooms; ' ■ entrance
park; gas stove; bath; cheap; also single. v- S
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued, j
OCTAVIA~InS— Furnished or unfurnished hand-
some rooms; low rent; private family.
SECOND, 52— Nice front rooms suitable for
light housekeeping.
SEVENTH. 328H— 3 or 6 unfurnished rooms
rent cbeap^
SIXTH. SS4— Three unfurnished sunny rooms;
stove and bath; rent $10.
THIRD 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms com-
plete; first floor; bath; gas.
THIRD 398—2 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; hot and cold water; bath: $9.
TURK, 205 — Newly furnished rooms, with usa
of kitchen; gas and bath.
TWELFTH, 145 — Sunny corner bay-window
suite, complete for housekeeping, reasonable;
also single roonv
TWELFTH, 230 C— Nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; gas range; select locality^
VAX N—BS. 1021— Three sunny front rooma and
kitchon: gas range; piano; itfUUNK
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
WINDSOR Hotel— Rooms without board: ac-
commodations for cooking. 9th _ Washington.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every- respect; terms reasonable.
APARTMENTS ; quiet, homelike: reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St.; truu-s
moved to any part of city, 35c; tel. Main 49.
A— SELECT home; Hotel Florence, 102 Bills,
cor. Powell: elevator; baths; best attention.
AT 416 O'Farrell— Sunny rooms; suites: tingle;
by day, week or mo. ; batha, running water.
BOHEMIA 239 Post— Sunny furnished rooms; 2
blocks from Palace Hotel: every convenience;
elevator; tourists; near principal clubs^
BRYANT 770, between Fifth and Sixth — Sun-
ny double room in private family.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Sunny suites
and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8. $10 mo.
EDDY 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms 50 cents to
$1 per night; $2 to $6 a week; families.
ELLIS, 516— Handsome parlors, large alcove;
housekeeping rooms; also single room, *S;
private. •
ELLIS, 697— Sunny parlor suite; single room;
also 2 rooms for light housekeeping.
ELLIS, 611— Nice sunny single and double
rooms; also front alcove for rent^
ELLIS. 622—2 large sunny unfurnished rooms;
Bepar&te entrance, yard, etc.; rent cheap.
ELLIS 826— Sunny room, newly furnished, for
2 gents, $10; parlpr suite, gas, bath, kitch.,s3o.
FIFTH, 24 (The Waldorf)— New sunny cornur;
elegant rooms; single or en sultn; electric Its.
FIFTH. 30P — Large sunny corner room; run-
ning water: other rooms; also housekeeping.
FOLSOM. 820, near Fourth— sl a week and up;
sunny furnished rooms.
FULTON, 311— Nicely furnished sunny rooms
and bath; reasonable.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooma; suites or single, MRS. H. HTER.
GIRARD House, 192 Seventh, near Howard-
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night. 25c to
$1; week. $1 to |4; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE, 1410— Parlor floor; complete
housekpng; regular kitchen; sunny yard; $25.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
elngle; elevator; moderate rates; famllie-.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Belect family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
lIILLPDALE, $3 Sixth st.— Sunny suite for
housekeeping: 6Ulte for 3 genU: reasonable.
HOWARD. 650— Nice furnished sunny singla
room for one^
HOWARD. 1068— 2 funny parlor suites; house-
keeping rooms and single roon_; $5 up; bath.
LARKIN, 408 — Sunny front and also single
room; neat and pleasant; private house.
LEAVENWORTH. 411- Sunny parlor BUtto,
suitable for 2 gents or couple; also unfur.
MANSFIELD— 2_T Poet— Elegant sunny rooms,
suite or elngle; baths connecting; moderate
rates.
MARKET, 765— Office, suites and single rooms;
reasonable. _________________
MARKET, 1032— FurnlBhed sunny front rooms
en suite or single; quiet; $6 up^
MASON, 225— Furnished front housekpg rooms
and single; by day. we»k or month; $2 up.
MASON, 402— Sunny front room, $8; private
family.
MI NNA, 657, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION 92SH— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms; also nice housekeeping suite.
OCTAVIA. 165— Unfurnished or furnished sunny,
handsome parlors; no children.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator; electric lights _ day, week or month.
O'FARRELL. 271-New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
PAGE, B—2 unfurnished rooms and bath; house-
keeping.
PINE, 910 — Sunny furnished rooms; terms rea-
so nable. ____________________
POST, SIT— A front alcove room.
POWELL, 317, formerly Cosmos Club— Ele-
gantly furnished rooms; reasonable.
SCOTT, ISl4— First floor: 3 unfurnished rooms,
bath, garden; $16; adults only.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 21 6H— Newly renovated single front
rooms ; reasonable.
STOCKTON. I*o7, near Broadway— Furnished
rooms for houaekeeplng; rent cheap.
SUTTER Bt —3 sunny furnished rooms, bath,
single or en suite, for gentleman: references.
For particular*) address box 162, Call office.
TAYLOR. 109— Nice sunny rooms; $1 per week
and $1 SO. m
TAYLOR, IM9, near Broadway— Newly fur-
nished sunny rooms: $8 and j(s^
THIHD, 340— Large front room, suitable for I
gents; rent, $8.
THIRTEENTH, 329, near Valencia— Front pai>
lor. $6; small room, $4^
TO LET— 2 or 8 unfurnished rooms; beautiful
and sunny; Western Addition; near Broad-
way. Box 192. Call offlce^
THE Piedmont. 119 A Sixth st— 2 or I rooms,
furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
TREMONT House, 1773 Miirket St., opp. Gough
—House newly furnished; single rooms or
cults; two kitchens for tenants for light
housekeeping: rooms from $5 to $12.
TURK. 126— Single furnished room, suitable taw
a gentleman. $5 per month.
TURK. 205— Newly furnished single and double
rooms; bath and gas.
TWENTIETH, 3622. nwir Valencia- -3 sunny
furnished connecting rooms; 2 beds and bath.
VAN NESS. 938— Pretty room; hot and cold;
gas; bath; $10: larger one. $15.
WENDT Hotel, 22 Sacramento — Best rooming
house on water front; single 25c up; w«k $1
up: flne rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
839 HAVES ST.— Branch offlr • of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
ROOMS AND BOARD
AHLBORN House. 319-321-323 Grant aye.— Rooms
We up; board and room, $1 per day and up-
ward; free bus to and from hotel.
BRANNAN 444-6 (New Mechanics' Hotel)—
Board and room $4 50 per week; single rooms
$1 per week.
ELLIS 618— Nice sunny rooms with first-class
table board: use of parlor, piano; $20 up.
FOLSOM 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week; nlc- location.
_b_DEN~OATE aye., J34, near City Hall-
Sunny alcove room with board, for 2 adults;
other rooms; pleasant home; piano.
BXJLCTL 312 Eddy— Select family boarding
house- flrst-class all appointments: hot water
every room; home cookine- terms moderate.
HOTEL Victoria, corner Hyde and California
g t g Nice sunny rooms; hot and cold water;
gas; closet; with flrst-class board; reasonable.
HOTEL SALISBURY. 299 Hyde— Well furnished
rooms; beautiful grounds; table unsurpa-sed.
HYDE 401'— Sunny alcove, hot, cold water, with
board; also single room; private; reasonable.
LARGE furnished room and board for 2 adults;
private family: home comforts. 1312 Folsom.
O'FARRELL. 742 — Very best board ; pleasant
parlor, with piano; everything entirely new.
ROOMS and Board— 7l2 Post St.; a noire for
young men at school or college; room for 3,
$ls to $22 50 each.
SOUTH PARK, 169— Good table board. $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room. $4 week
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished sunny
Market st. suites, with board for J, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VALENCIA, 1070 (The Irving)— Family boardg.;
warm belt: large grounds: sunny rooms; reas.
VAN NESS aye.. 519— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms; flrst-class table board.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch offle« of The CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
A COTTAGE HOME
Among trees and vines
In the heart
Of San Francisco
Only $1675— 0n1y $1675
Cottage of 5 rooms In good condition; cara
?ass the door and street is bituminized; just
he place for a family of small children, the
lot being large, sunny and sheltered; a bar- ,
gain. H. MURPHY, 636 Market st. _
A BARGAIN; cozy home in the University
town of Palo Alto: 7 rooms and bath; barn;
lot 84x100. J. J. MORRIS, 630 Market St., or
Palo Alto.
$1600— MUST sell; lot 2."-xll5; Halght St., near
Baker. J. W. WRIGHT & CO., 630 Market.
MUST be sold; handsome cottage, 4 rooms.
bath: high basement; large lot. Apply 324
North aye., near Cortland.
$650 WILL build 4-room cottage complete.
GEO. M. SALSBURY, builder, 621 X St., Sun-
set District.
110 MONTH; bay-window. 6-room and bath
cottage; lot 30-rfeet front; sunny Mission;
street and sewer work complete. Box 55, Call.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
$2250— IMPROVED ranch near the city; bar-
gain. Mclaughlin & co.. 777 Market st.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
ONE young child boarded; lovely home. 2BIS
Bryant aye.
WirOW would like two children to board;
good home and care; near scnool. ."1 Clan tt.
FIRST-CLASS German nurse desires an lnfent
to raise; best references; good sunny hon e;
mother'B caxe. 615 Turk st., near Larkin.
STORES TO LET.
FIFTH, 415— Large store; 3 rooms; large yard;
water free.
GOOD corner Btore, bar and 3 rooms; brick
basement; cheap. Northeast corner of Fif-
teenth and Dolores sts.
FRUIT and produce stand for rent. 1339 Park
St., Alameda.
PROPOSALS.
TREASURY~Department, August 19, IS9S.—
Settled proposals will be received at the of-
fice of the Superintendent of Construction
und Repair, Pacific Coast, San Francisco,
Cttl., until 2 o'clock p. m., Wednesday, Sep-
tember 2L IS9B, and then opened, for furnish-
ing clothing for enlisted men cf the revenue
cutter service on the Pacific Coast for the
fiscal year ending June 30, IS9S. in accord-
ance with the specifications, which can be ob-
tained upon application to Captain W. C
C'oulson, H. C. S., Appraiser's building, San
Francisco, Cal. Bids must be addressed to
that officer and be indorsed on the envelope,
"Proposals for furnishing clothing for en-
listed men of the revenue cutter service."
The right Is re-served to reject any or all bids
and to waive defects if deemed for the inter-
ests of the Government so to do. W. B.
HOWELL. Assistant Secretary.
PLANS and specifications invited for an hos-
pital building— Clerk's office. Board of Super-
visors, San Francisco, March S, IS9S.
In accordance with Resolution No. 797 J
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors, '
public notice is hereby given to architects
that competitive plans arid specifications fur
the erection of an hospital building will be
received in open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON. Sep-
tember 19, IS9S, between the hours of. 2:30 and
3 o'clock.
The proposed building is to be of modern de-
sign and to be constructed of stone or brick,
or of both, with all the latest scientific im-
provements required as to construction and
sanitation, equal to. If not superior, to any
building designed or contracted for hospital
purposes, as are indorsed by medical author-
ity as being indispensable In the construction i
of such a building.
The said hospital building to be erected on
the lot of land selected and approved by the
Board of Health, described ac follows:
Commencing at the most southeasterly cor-
ner of a tract of land known as and desig-
nated on the official map of the City and
County of San Francisco as the "Almshouse
Tract," and running thence due north along ,
the easterly boundary line of said Almshouse
Tract seven hundred and sixty-five (785) feet:
thence due west five hundred and fifty (550)
feet: thence due south seven hundred and
sixty-five (766) feet to the southerly line of
th« 6aid Almshouse Tract: thence due east '■
along the said southerly line of the Alms- i
house Tract five hundred and fifty (550) feet I
to the point of commencement; containing ;
9.659 acres.
The said plans and specifications to be so ,
prepared that the cost of the building shall j
not exceed in the aggregate the sum of three ■
hundred thousand ($300,000) dollars, which |
sum must cover the entire expense for the
erection and completion of the proposed
building.
NOTICE — Architects will prepare ana sub-
mit with their plans and specifications for
said hospital building an Itemized estimate
of the cost of said building, the statute re-
quiring (8) hours to constitute a day's j
■work wfth a minimum rate of wages of two j
($2) dollars per day, for persons employed on I
■aid building, with the distinct understanding
that no plans nor specifications will be enter-
tained or considered of buildings the aggre-
gate cost of which are estimated to exceed j
the sum of thre« hundred thousand ($300,000) !
dollars. Alpo that the architect whose plane i
and specifications of the building are adopted
wilt be appointed architect and superintend-
ent of the building at a compensation of five
(5) per cent of the total cost, and will be re-
quired to give a good and satisfactory bond
or bonds, as the case may be, to Insure the
completion and construction of the said build- i
Ing for the amount of the estimate of the !
cost as made by the said architect. The i
architects submitting plans and specifications
determined by tho Board to be second, third
and fourth In merit will receive premiums of :
$1000, $750 and $500 respectively, with the un-
derstanding that any features of said plans j
and specifications which may be considered i
useful or necessary be embodied In the plans ',
adopted may be used without further cost or
chares JNO. A. RUSSET,!., Clerk.
LEGAL NOTICES.
REFEREES sale In partition— ln the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, Department No. 1.
THOMAS F. DUNN, Plaintiff, vs. LAW-
RENCE DUNN et als.. Defendants. Cause
No. 62.117.
Notice is hereby given that under and In
pursuance of the Interlocutory decree In par-
tition and order of sale heretofore duly made
and given in the above-entitled court and
cause, and thereafter, to wit, on the 6th day
of April, IS9B. duly entered of record therein,
by which said interlocutory decree of said
- court, the undersigned, U. 11. Umbsen, was
appointed by consent In open court of all the
parties to said action, as sole referee in said
cause, for the purpose of making sale of - the
real property hereinafter described, and -by
which said decree it was directed that said
real property be sold at public auction in the
manner required by law, the undersigned, as
such referee, will, on Monday, the 12th day
of September, 18S8, at the hour of twelve (12)
o'clock m., at the real estate office and sales-
rooms of O. 11. Umbsen & Co.. at No. 14
Montgomery street. In the City and County of
San Francisco, State of California, sell at
.public auction in separate parcels to the
highest bidder for cash in United States gold
coin and subject to confirmation by said Su-
perior Court, those certain lots, pieces or par-
cels of real property .situate, lying and being
In said City and County of Ban Francisco,
State of California, and bounded and de-
scribed as follows, to wit: v*
First— Commencing at a point on the north-
erly line of Minna street, three hundred and
I ninety-six feet northeasterly from the north-
easterly corner of Third and Minna : streets,
thence northeasterly on the line of and front-
Ing on Minna street twenty-flvc (26) feet,
thence at right ; angles northwesterly • eighty
(80) feet, thence at right angles southwesterly
twenty-five (25) feet, thence at right angles
southeasterly eighty (SO) feet to Minna street
and the point of beginning, being a portion. of
lot number ten of the One Hundred Vara Sur-
v ey ■ as laid down -on the official map of the
City and County of San, Francisco; and being
a subdivision of said one hundred vara lot.
Second— Commencing at a point formed by
the Intersection of the southerly line of Page
street with the westerly line of Octavia street,
running thence southerly along said, line of
Octavia street forty (40) feet, thence at right
angles westerly eighty-seven and slx-twelftha
(87 6-12) feet, thence at right angles northerly
forty (40) feet, thence at right angles easterly
ei«rhty-seven and six twelfths (87 6-12) feet to
the- point of commencement, being a part of
Western Addition block number two hundred
and twelve (212). ■ ;"•*
Third— Commencing at a point on the north-
westerly line of Minna.: street, distant thereon
two hundred and seventeen (217) feet south-
westerly from the northwesterly corner of
Second "and Minna streets (said point of com-
: mencement being the , northeasterly corner of
New Montgomery and Minn* streets), running
thence northerly at right angles with Minna
street and along the easterly line of New
Montgomery street eighty (80) feet, thence
'  Hirht angles ' easterly and parallel with
Minna street fifty-nine >> and Bix-twetfths
fBB 6-12) fe*t. thence at right angles southerly
and parallel ■'. with New. Montgomery street
eighty (80) feet to the northwesterly line of
"■• Minna street, and thence at right angles
westerly along the northwesterly .- line of
" Minna street fifty-nine and six-twelfths
(59 8-12) feet to the point of commencement,
being a subdivision of the one hundred vara
• lot - number eight (5). : . . •- _ -•;-■ - v - ■•-.• : •..'. , -
- Commencing at the northwest cor-
ner of Sanchez and Duncan streets, running
* thence westerly along the northerly line of
Duncan street eighty (80) feet, thence north-
■ •rlv and parallel with Sanchez street one hun-
dred and fourteen feet (114) feet, thence east-
erly parallel . with Duncan street eighty (80)
- feet to Sanchez street, thence southerly along
• the westerly line of , Sanchez street one hun-
dred and fourteen - (114) - feet ., to V Duncan
street, the ■ point -" of commencement, together
with the ; improvements , thereon. " .
Terms and conditions of sale: Ten (10) per
cent of the purchase price • to ; be paid to the
referee on each parcel sold at the time of
sale. Balance of purchase price - upon con-
firmation of sale by said Superior Court and
delivery of deed. - ■
Dated this 19th day of Augu^m^ .. ;,
Bole ; Referee Appointed r. by " Said - Superior
Court. ' ; DINICELSFEII. A - OESFORT). -
Attorneys for Plaintiff. : No. SO5 Claus Spreck-
\) •la * BulidlnE. San , Francisco. » 
. . . - - ". - - ■._-■■_ - -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HOUSE In San Jose; clear; $1300; will pay $T">00
cash difference for cottage In San Francisco.
E. E. BI'NCE, 908 Broadway. Oakland.
CHEAPEST lots ever offered; $275 to $300; 26x
100; one-fourth cash, balance easy install-
ments; interest 6 per cent; street work com-
plete; on electric line; 5 minutes to two local
stations; only 4 left: don't miss this chance.
BELDEN & COOK, 1112 Broadway, Oakland.
J. CALLAGHAN, real estate dealer; notary
public; property looked after. 814 Broadway.
$600— COTTAGE and lot: bargain; 22d st., near
San Pablo aye. Apply 306 Sixth, st.. S. F.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
TO PHYSICIANS— For rent; residence in
Oakland, with offices and stable; occupied
for years by regular physician with large
practice. Address box 191, Call office.
OAKLAND FURXITT'RE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. BCHELL-
HAAS' old store, 408 Eleventh at. Bee him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
o>O CLOSE AN ESTATE—
40x125— New 7-room house; Shuman St.. near
Clinton aye. : $3200.
00x150 — New S-room house; San Antonio aye.;
$3000.
17:2x110— New 7-room house; Para et. ; $2750.
30x160— New 5-mom cottage; $1500.
EfixloO — San Antonio aye., near Chestnut st. ;
$1200.
50x150 — New 8-room modern house; $2290.
ALL FOR SALE ON EASY TERMS.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1"h)0 Park St., Alameda.
Open Sundays and evenings.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME. FIRST SEr.VED.
. UST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200. $1700. $1800, $2200. $2600. $3«00.
The above are lovely cottagas which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of Installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
I tain 4 5 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools
and stations.
We are going to weed them out. and Invite
Inspection MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market St.,
Ban Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
! Cdll Pent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
; ■. ■ '
•ALAMEDA FI'KXISHED HOUSES.
NEAT 7-room furnished house on the sunny
side of Buena Vista aye.. near Willows, broad
gauge. Alameda, will be rented at a very low
figure! Address MRS. MORTENSON, 2103
Buena Vista aye.. Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$1700 — New seven-room house, large lot; part
payment taken In carpenter work. G. B.
WURTS. l'eralta P. O. or 2131 Oregon St.,
near Shattuok aye. Call on Saturdays.
PROPERTY TO EXCHAXCE.
BRlNG^long^what you have to exchange for
the following properties, all good and free
from incumbrance; will assume mortgage or
pay part cash in .exchange:
: 410 acres in F>esno County —
100 acres in Kern County, 10 miles from Ba-
, kersfleld • »»....—...
140 acres In San Diego County
I 80 acres In Oregon
160 acres in Kansas
j 40 acres 12 miles from Los Angeles
32 lots in Olympic City, Or
Call or address 455 Seventh St.. Oakland.
H. Z. JONES. Owner.
WANTED— SmaII grain or fruit ranch for Oak-
land or Alameda property: also chicken
ranch; cash, WHITE, Sl4 Broadway. Oak-
land.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In 3. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at loweßt rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Bixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market »t. : tel. Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval 1 money quick; confidential: no commis-
sion; loweßt interest. Room 68, 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell tt.
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent ->n real estate; M
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
COLONIAL Inv. Co.— Money on any proposi-
tion: city, country: furn.. 406 Montg'y. r. 4.
ON pianoe, furniture, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister »t.
FIRST and second mortgages, estates; city and
country. J- W. WRIGHT. 680 Market st.
MONEY loaned on furniture and piano* without
removal. 20R Examiner building.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. tM Market st.
$60 TO $60 000: loweet rates; Ist Mid 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery Ft.
FINANCIAL.
FOJUfcION and home capital to Invest. 8YI»-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 3y Montgomery i
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C, O'DONNELL. office and residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
EDUCATIONAL.
VOCAL. Instruction — ANN IS MONTAGUE
TURNER; correct and natural production or
the voice, based on natural fend artistic prin-
ciples; terms beginning August 15 and after;
lessons by the month or quarter. For terms
apply personally or by letter to 930 Bush st..
near Jones.
HEALD'B Business College. S4 Port St.— Book-
keeping business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mlnftig engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.;
individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches and special course for Civil Service
examinations, etc.; life scholarship. $50; low
rates per week and month.
A LADY teaches piano and mandolin thor-
oughly: 60c an hour; excellent pianist a t.d ac-
companist for entertainments and vocalists.
1209 OcUvla st. —
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry, Ph. B.. Fel-
low in Mathematics. U. C 7407 S. Atherton.
nr. Charming way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.;
esf. 1864. VAN DER NAILI EN. 933 Market.
ENGLISH branches taught at pupils' homes;
also bookkeeping; beginners and foreigners
helped. Box 25. Call.
ZITHER lessons given by Max Maier. 626 Turk
st.. between Larkln and Pt'lk.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell ;
16 yrs expertence^Press Club btdg, 123 Ellis.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
classes; pri. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
ROBERT TOLMIE. pianist, has resumed
teaching at 1003 Sutter st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr. 672 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month: references;
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. $14 Geary et.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. J. B.
EVANS. 14 McAllister st.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without sucees; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collections,
free advice: open cv. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkln.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 987 Market st.
L. 8. CLARK— Emma Bpreckels bldg.. »T7 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no_fees_ln advance.
BICYCLES.
I WILL s«ll 16 new 1597 high-grade bicycles
(sold in 1597 for $100) at $29; biggest bargain
of the year; first come, first served. JOSEPH
HOLLE. Twentieth and Folsom sta.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Henry J. Ebellng and Margaret Humbert. 42-28
William F. Armstrong and Ida Pennycook. 24-22
Richard Conroy and Katherln McDonald. .*s-25
William G. Lebura and Edith 05b0rn....2«-22
Marcus W. Pander and Pearl E. Aldrich.22-21
Achille Bomatt! and Cella R. Gosoli 33-JC
Hkrry H.Huston and Maggie Worthlngton. 26-20
[ Gabriel N. Turner and Jeanne C. Jobnason.39-28
BIRTHS— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication office*
and be Indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to; have the same published.
BORN.
BERENDSEN— In this city. August 26, 1898, to
the wife of J. C. Berendsen, a son.
FERGUSON— this city, August 20, IS9S, to
the wife of T. M. Ferguson, a son.
HOBSON— In Berkeley. July 31, IS9B, to the
wife of B. Y. Hobson, a son.
IRELAND— In this city. August 27, 1898, to
the wife of John Ireland, a son.
SCHEELINE— In this city, August 28, 1!<98. to
the wife of Simon C. Scheellne, a daughter.
MARRIED.
DENICKE— LOCAN— August 26. 1898, Fred A;
Denicke and Stella Locan.
JOSEPH— DALEY— In this city, August 28.
1897, by the Rev. John Collins of St. Joseph a
Church, Frank Joseph and Ella Daley, both
of San Francisco. .
JEPSEN— JEPSEN— In this city, August 27.
IS9S, . by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Henry Jen-
sen and Caroline Jepsen. ' v
DIED.
Armitage. John Ellas, Rose
Blnet, Joseph Harrington, Ruby A.
BaclgaJupi. Joseph . • Hutchlnaon. Daniel
Brock, Margaret A. McElligan, Patrick
Balart, Lisardo • Meyerhof, Martin
Blohm. Louis O'Connor, John
Berwick, Catherine O' Byrne. Col. John
Coyne, Adelaide M. Poppenberg, Pauline
Crolsant, Bertha E. Pratt. John C.
Cameron. Sarah Schroder. Percy
Dolan, Mary J. White. Mrs. Maggie
"Winter, Julia
ARMITAGE— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. August 29, IS9S. John Armitage, a na-
tive of Maine, aged SO yeans.
BINET— In this city, August 2S, 189S, Joseph
Binet, a native of France, aged 67 years.
BACIGALUPI— In this city, August 28. 1898,
Joseph, dearly beloved husband of Victoria
Bacigalupi, and father of Peter, Stephen,
August, Frank and Henry Bacigalupi and
Mrs. D. Benvenutl, and brother of the late
Francisco Bacigalupi, a native of Italy, aged
68 years.
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Urn Mason street. Interment private.
BROCK— At Angel Island. August 29, 1838.
Margaret, A., beloved wife of G. H. Brock,
and mother of Mrs. A. L. McClinton of Port
Townsend and Fred Brock, a native of lowa,
aged 57 years.
IT^TNotlce of funeral hereafter.
BALART— In Napa. August 2S. 1898, Lisardo
Balart of 1432 Folsom street, beloved hus-
band of Adelina Balart, and father of Gene-
vleve and Dagrherto Balart, a native of
Bpain. aged 52 years.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
September 1. at 10 o'clock, from Pythian
Castle, 909 Market street, under the auspices
of Unity Lodge. K. of P. Officers and mem-
bers of Saxon Lodge No. 184S, X.of H.. and
Court No. 513, I. O. F.. are requested to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother at the
above-named time and place. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery *>y carriage.
BLOHM— In Oakland. August 29. IS9S, Louis,
beloved husband of Mary Blohm. and father
of Harold Louis Blohm. a native of Ger-
many, aged 40 years 4 months and 8 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the lat»
residence, Benton street, near Grove, Lorln.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
BERWICK— In Los Gates. August 28. IR9B.
Catherine T., beloved wife of James C. Ber-
wick (nee Lees), a native of Cupar-Fife.
Scotland, aged 35 years.
COYNE— In Capitoia. Cal., August 24, 1898.
Adelaide M.. beloved daughter of Dennis and
Margaret Coyne, a native of San Franclßco.
aged IS years 3 months and 12 days.
lETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 621 Post street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CROISANT— In Oakland. August 28, 1898, Ber-
tha E., beloved daughter of Charles and
Bertha Croisant. and sister of Eugene Er-
hardt and Charles. Lillian, Oscar, Anna and
Otto Crolsant. a native of Chico. Cal.. aged 21
years 5 months and 7 days.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral sen-Ices
this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at the First
Presbyterian Church, corner of Franklin and
Fourteenth streets. Oakland. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery-
CAMERON— In this city. August 29. 1898. Sa-
rah beloved wife of Dugald Cameron, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 38 years 10 months and
12 days.
£7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wedne*da). at 2 o'clock, from her lata
residence. 416 Shot well street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery-
DOLAN— In this city, August 28, 1898. Mary
J , dearly beloved wife of Michael Dolan. and
mother of Robert E. and Thomas F. Dolan.
Mrs. James A. McCormick. Mre. Eugene C.
Callan. Mrs. Frank D. Benson. Mrs. clar-
ence E Chapman and the late James W . and
John M. Detail, a native of Balllnasloe.
County Galway. Ireland, aged 61 years. (New
York papers please copy.)
|C7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residem-e., 403S Nineteenth street, thence to
Mission Dolores Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ELIAS— In this city, August 28. 1898. Rope
beloved wife of A. Elias. and dearly beloved
mother of Mrs. Tobias Stolz. Samuel Weiti
of Salt Lake City, Utah, and Mark Ellas of
St. Louis. Mo. a native of Germany, aged
77 y°ars and 19 days.
try Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at 2
o'clock, from her late residence, 1403 Cough
stre°t. Interment Hills of Eternity Ceme-
tery by S:' o o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets. Please omit flowers.
HARRINGTON-In this city August 28 1»8,
Ruby Agnes, beloved daughter of Illiara
and Mamie Harrington, and sister of Georgle,
Lvdia Elsie and Joseph Harrington, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 year and 7
months.
OTriends and acquaintances are respectr
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 1557 Treat avenue between
Prerlta avenue and Twenty-eighth street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HUTCHINSON— In this city. August 29. IR9B,
Daniel Hutchlnson, a native of Lebanon.
McELLIGAN— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. August 2S. 18*8. Patrick McElligan.
MEYERHOF— In this city, August 29, 1898,
Martin Meyerhof. a native of Steden. Ger-
many, aged 41 years.
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter.
O'CONNOR— In this city, August 27. 1898, John,
beloved husband of the late Bridget A.
O'Connor, and father of Edward and Jen-
nie O'Connor. Mrs. William Guy and Mrs.
Lydia Mil", a native of County Longford,
Ireland, aged 73 years and 2 months.
C7"The funeral will take place thU day
(Tuesday) at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
Of J C O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patricks Church for service*
at 2 o'clock. Interment Holy Crow Ceme-
O' BYRNE— In this city, August 29. 1898, Col-
onel John, beloved husband of Emeline
O' Byrne, a native of Ireland, aged 72 years
7 months and 16 days.
PRATT— In this city, August 27. 1898. John
Charles, beloved husband of the late Han-
nah L. Pratt, a native of Baltimore. Md..
aged 66 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from th> parlor*
of McAvoy & Gallagher. 20 Fifth street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
POPPENBERG— In this city. August 29, IS9B.
Pauline, dearly beloved wife of Robert Pop-
cenberg Sr., and mother of Mrs. J. F. Rau*
Amelia Poppenberg. Mrs. H. Lose of Hono-
lulu and Robert and Albert Poppenberf;. »
native of Goerlitz, Germany, aged 75 years 4
months and 21 dayß. (Buffaio. N. V., papers
please copy.)
CT'Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited tc attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her lato
residence. 126 Page street, near Octavla. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SCHRODER— In this city, August 28. 1898,
Percy Infant eon of John F. and Mary
Schroder, a native of San Francisco, aged
WWTE^-m this city, August 2S. 1898^1rs.
Magpie beloved wife of William Wnlte.
mother of William and George White, daugh-
ter of Mrs. Everson and tht late Charles
Everson and sister of Annie, William,
Frank and Albert Everson. Mrs. Nellie Owena
and the late Charles and George Everson, a
native of San Francisco.
(TTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
YOUNG I^adlrs' Institute No. I— You are here-
by requested to attend the funeral of our de-
ceased sister. Mrs. Maggie White, to-morrow
(Wednesday) morning at 9:30 o'clock, at 1322
Montgomery street.
A. M. GREENE, Rec. Sec.
WTNTRR— In this city, August 28, I*9B. Julia,
beloved wife of Mnrltx Winter, mother of
Henry, Miritz. Bernhard. Wilhelm. Arthur
Julia Eddy, Frank and George Winter, and
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. August Waldeck.
a native of California, aged 45 years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 2»39 Howard street, near Twenty-
fifth Interment Cypress I.awn Cemetery
I McAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
IFUNERAI. DIRECTORS & EMBAUkEERar*
I 20 IIITE ST., opp. Lincoln Beiool. I
Tclephong^_Sou.th_Bo : _______l_
- JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. ' CAREW. :
CAREW & ENGLISH,
CNDEJtTAKEKS AND EMBALMEBA . .
. FUNERAL DIRECTORS. .
'-"■a.'- Van' 7 Ness . aye. ;' near ' Market at* «a«
FruicUco. TeJephon* So. 154, "
1112
CORBETT WILLING
TO MEET McCOY
Will Ask for Another
Postponement.
GOES EAST TO OBTAIN IT
WOULD LIKE TO RETIRE FROM
THE RING FOR GOOD.
Why the Ex-Champion Sacrificed His
Pompadour for a Society Hair-
Comb— His Future
Movements.
James J. Corbett is willing to keep his
fistic engagement with "Kid" McCoy.
Shortly before leaving for the East last
evening the ex-champion made this state
ment, but added that he would confer
with the directors of the Hawthorne
Athletic Club on his arrival In the me
tropolis with a view to having the con
test postponed.
The famous pugilist's happy and rol
licking spirit has been subdued by the un
timely taking-off of his parents. Traces
of grief are still apparent in his counten
ance and his manner of talking tells that
his thoughts are elsewhere.
"If it were not for the fact that these
men have gone to trouble and expense in
preparing for the contest," said Corbett,
"I would call the match off. Personally I
have spent hundreds of dollars for train
ing: but I would not mind losing the
money. Everybody thinks it but proper
that I should give up the business, and
although I feel as they do, there are some
things that one has no control over
"l telegraphed my manager, George
Constantine, to arrange a meeting with
the tMrectors of the Hawthorne Athletic
Club in New York on Saturday night, so
that we all could discuss the postpone
ment of the affair. I am willing that it
go over as long as they will allow, as the
news of my parents' death has been a sad
blow to me. _
"They want the fight to come off some
time between the 25th of Septpmber and
the Ist of October, and if no further delay
can be Had 1 suppose we will meet then.'
Jims attention was called to the change
in his appearance wrought by sacrificing
his pompadour to the latter-day style of
Darting it in the middle. He explained
the loss of the pompadour by saying that
when in training he wore a cap. which
pressed his hair down. When heated, the
hair naturally parted on either side of
his forehead, and on his return from ex
ercfse one night his wife took a comb and
tried parting his locks, with such good
results that he has allowed It to remain
that way. He is now minus the title
"Pomradour Jim."
Corbett Is looking well, despite his usual
sallow appearance. His eyes are clear,
and beneath his dark coat his muscles
show firm and active.
TIRED OF WAITING.
Board of Trade May Soon Move to
16 Post Street.
The directors of the California State
Board of Trade have about decided that
patience under certain circumstances
Is. not a virtue, but that It is nonsensical.
This conclusion has been induced by the
action, or rather inaction, of the State
Board of Harbor Commissioners. When
the exhibit of the Board of Trade was at
16 Post street it was decided to have It
moved to the Mechanics' Pavilion and
become a part of the big mining fair, af
ter which it was to be kept at the Pa
vilion for a few weeks until the new
quarters at the big ferry building should
be ready for its reception. It has been
at the pavilion ever since. Time and
again Manager J. A. Fllcher has been
before the Board, of Harbor Commission
ers asking for information as to when
the exhibit space and office room would
be ready, and each time the answer led
to the belief that the move could be made
before very long. It was particularly de
sired that the exhibit should be installed
while tho soldiers from the East were
here, the belief being that it would at
tract much attention, which would be
heralded all over 'the United States by
admiring warriors.
Very recently more inquiry was made
on the same lines, and as a move to the
depot seems to be as far away as It was
many months ago, the directors have
about decided to move back into the old
quarters at 16 Post street. If such a
move is made the Board of Trade will
be a little slow about making another
change. The place is centrally located,
and when the exhibit was there before it
attracted much attention. Whether or
not this change will be made will be de
cided within a few days.
In Self-Defense.
Juan Gomez was tried by a Jury yester
day in the United States District Court
on a charge of assault with a deadly wea
pon with intent to commit murder upon
the person of A. Anderson, a sailor on
board the American ship Occidental sev
eral months ago. Gomez and Anderson
had a quarrel, in the course of which
Gomez stabbed and seriously wounded An
derson with a sheath knife. Gomez set
up the plea of self-defense and the jury
believed him, for a verdict of not guilty
•was rendered.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR YEARS
Leg From Knee to Ankle Swollen
All the Time. Pain Intense. ...
Doctors in Three Cities No Avail.
Completely Cured by Cuticura.
I have been troubled for years with Salt
Bheum. My right leg from knee to ankle was
raw and swollen all the time, and the pain
was most intense. I tried doctors in Hartford,
Waterbury, and New Haven, but to no avail.
IreadanadvertisementaboutCuTiccßA Rem-
edies and bought two bottles of Cuticura
Resolvent, some Cuticuka (ointment), and a
box of Cuticcra Soap, and now it is all gone
and I am completely cured. I recommend
Cdticora to all afflicted with skin diseases.
Jan. 20, 1898. GARRETT T. BAYERS,
Hartford Electric Light Co., Hartford, Conn.
Baby Cured of Eczema
Our little boy was only three months old
when he was taken with Eczema that broke
out in the most horrible state. His face was
full of scabs, and some parts of the flesh were
raw. Wo used Cuticcra Soap, and one
box of the Cuticcra (ointment), and in one
week this boy was as good as erer, and we can
Bay the child has been O. K. ever since. We
are willing to recommend that the Cutiouka
Boap and Cuticura ilid it. You can publish
this statement for it is nothing but the truth.
Mr. and Mrs. J. C. FREESE,
Feb. 15, 1898. 360 So. First St., Brooklyn.
BPBIDT Cttbe Tbbatmext fob Evebt Kiitd or Ho-
mok with Loss or Hair.— Warm baths with CtmcDßA
Soap, gentle anointings with Cbticcba (ointment), pur-
eat of emollient skin cures, and mild doses of Ccticoba
Kesolvest, greatest of blood puriflem and huraor cures.
This treatment will sflbrd Instant relief, permit rtitind
aleep, and point to a tpwdy, permanent, and economical
cure of, the mut tortnring. disfiguring, and humiliating
of itcliint, burning, bleedint, scaly, pimply, and crusted
akin and scalp humon, wi tti i»i of hair, when all else fails.
Bold thronehnnt the world. Potter Dar/o akd C"EM.
COBF., Prop*., Boston. '■HowtoCttreBaltßlieHm, M fts*
SOUBRETTE EDITH HALL TOOK A STAR PART.
Judge Kerrigan as the Heavy Tragedian
Won Applause and a Sweet
Smile.
I DASHING young actress. Miss
/\ Edith Hall, played a star role as
/~\ "the claimant," in Judge Kerri
gan's court room yesterday.
Twelve interested men occupied the
front seats and numbers of other male
spectators lined up behind. The
standing room was all occupied.
Two other women besides Miss Hall
were present, one of them Mrs. Er
nestine Kreling, the proprietress and
manager of the Tivoli Opera House.
She was also In the cast, having most
unwillingly assumed the part of "the
fair defendant." The third lady had a
very small role, merely as companion
to the last one named.
The drama opened with Miss Hall in
a determined attitude, demanding her
salary of Mrs. Kreling. She claimed
$225 for three weeks' salary, stating
that she had signed a year's contract
with the defendant, who was to pay
her 175 per week, and was to assign
her only to soubrette parts. After
forty-two weeks of faithful service,
during which time she did her acts
with spirited energy and success, she
was asked to take the part of the
Pasha's wife In the comic opera of
"Fatinltza." It was not a soubrette's
part, not by a little bit.
"I would not take it!" exclaimed
Miss Hall, with flashing eyes. "Never!
The part was stupid and It did not fit.
Who ever heard of a soubrette as a fat
Pasha's wife!"
The jury— that is, the front row au
ditors — looked sympathetic, and it was
quite evident that the clever little
actress was gaining gTound. The Idea
that she should be a Pasha's wife did
TALE OF WOE
OF KLONDIKE
SPECULATORS
Claim an Agent Has
Robbed Them.
THEY INVOKE THE LAW'S AID
WARRANT SECURED FOR D. B.
DAVISON'S ARREST.
Accused of Having Broken Faith by
-Selling a Valuable Claim
and Pocketing the
lh Proceeds.
D. B. Davison of the Klondike Gold
Exploration Company, of Colorado
Spring's, Colo., is under arrest in Seattle
on a charge of felony embezzlement pre
ferred In this city by Henry C. Hall, one
of the directors of the company, at pres
ent a truest at the Palace Hotel.
The warrant for Davison's arrest was
sworn to before Superior Judge Cook on
Saturday by Hall, and in the complaint it
is alleged that Davlson embezzled $4000
belonging to the company. Detective
Harry Reynolds left for Seattle yester
day afternoon with the requisition pa
pers for the return of Davison to this
city.
. In the affidavit sworn to by Hall he
states that In July of last year a num
ber of residents of Colorado Springs
formed a syndicate to prospect for gold
in Alaska, and later incorporated under
the name of the Klondike Gold Explora
tion Company, with a capital stock of
$1,000,000. Davison and Gerald M. King
were selected to go to the Klondike to
prospect for gold for one year, and they
entered into a contract with the company
whereby they were each to be paid $100
per month salary, and between them to
hold one-fourth of tha shares in the com
pany. All the gold obtained by them
was to be paid into the bank to the com
pany's credit.
King and Davison were given $2400 for
their outfit and living expenses, and
King, who was treasurer, got also $600,
the balance of Davison's salary for the
year, Davison's wife drawing the other
$600 from bank in monthly installments.
On March 11 last $2500 additional was
sent to King, and about that time Davi
son located a claim on French Gulch. He
worked the claim and took not less than
$5000 in gold dust from it, and reports
THE SAIST FKAKCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, AUGUST 30, 1898.
Made a Great Hit With the Bald-
Headed Row in the
Jury Box.
not please anybody.
The defendant then spoke: "I gave
her the Pasha's wife because it was a
soubrette's part," she insisted. "Miss
Hall kicked. She refused to take it,
and I was firm. She violated her con
tract and was not entitled to salary,
as she has done nothing since."
Just at this point the heavy trage
dian, in the person of the defendant's
lawyer, made his appearance and di
rected a sharp fire at the claimant.
He said that soubrettes were only in
the world to amuse men and made
some uncomplimentary remarks con
cerning this special class of actresses,
which called forth a sharp protest
from Miss Hall, and which did not find
favor with the audience.
Experts now appeared upon the
stage. Dramatic Critic Ewer walked
over to the side of Miss Hall. Stage
Manager Lask lined up with Mrs.
Krellng. There was a sharp dialogue
pro and con between the experts.
Miss Hall seemed to have the best of
it.
Finally two tragedians—attorneys
came to" the footlights and engrossed
attention. Mr. Lowenthal spoke for
Mrs. Krellng. He said the case was
proved. Miss Hall was not entitled to
any more salary. She had refused a
superior soubrette's part. The Jury
would so decide.
Mr. Regensburger retorted. He was
for Miss Hall. He said: "There never
was a clearer case. Salary' is due and
should be promptly paid. An infe
rior old woman's part was offered and
refused. No soubrette would take it.
The Jury will so decide."
Justice Kerrigan, who had hereto
fore been denied a part In the drama,
grave the amount as high as $20,000. Davl
son sold the claim for J20.000 cash and
came to this city with the proceeds on
the steamer St. Paul, arriving here on
July 17. He took a bag of gold dust to
the Mint and minted It In the name of
D. T. Williams, a roommate on the
steamer, receiving $5000 in gold coin.
The coin was taken to the Bank of Cal
ifornia on August 8 and deposited, and
five certificates of deposit, each for $500,
were Issued by the bank in the name of
Mrs. Laura M. Davlson, his wife. Two
thousand dollars in cash was to be paid
to Davlson, but it is not known what was
done with the remaining $500.
The company, not having heard from
Davlson, sent Hall to this city to en
deavor to ascertain if anything was
known about him. He arrived here on
August 15, and it was by accident that
he found out that Mrs. Davison was at
the Baldwin Hotel. He called upon her,
but she denied knowing anything about
her husband. Hall was suspicious, and
employed private dotectlves on the case.
They ascertained that Davlson secretly
left the city on August 14. and last Sat
urday he was traced to Seattle.
Hall at once communicated with Chief
Lees, and the Chief wired to the Chief
of Police at that city to arrest Davison
and hold him pending the arrival of an
officer with the requisition papers. The
exact amount of Davison's embezzlement
is not known.
TO REWARD PATRIOTISM.
McKinley Veteran Club Suggests a
Silver Medal for Soldiers and
Sailors of the Late War.
The McKlnley Veteran Soldiers' and
Sailors' Republican Club at a 'regular
meeting last night adopted resolutions
Indorsing the platform of the Republican
State Convention and pledging Its mem
bers to the support of the nominees of
the convention.
The club is composed of ex-Union vet
erans and sons of veterans, and holds
in high appreciation the gallant services
rendered by the men of the army and
navy during the war with Spain. It de
monstrated this appreciation -by declar
ing by resolution last night that at the
next session of Congress there should be
formulated and passed a law authorizing
the Government to present a medal of
silver, suitably inscribed, to each and
every member of the army and navy
that served or was musfered into the
service during the war with Spain, and
remains in or has been honorably dis
charged from service. In case of death
the medal is recommended to be given
to the nearest relative of decedent.
The club also indorsed the name of
I^eon E. Jones as a candidate for Sheriff,
urging that he be nominated by the San
Francisco County Convention.
Chicken Thief Sentenced.
Asa Arnold, alias Frank Wilson, was
sentenced to ten years' Imprisonment by
Judge Cook yesterday for burglary- His
offense consisted In the theft of a half
dozen chickens from William Duval, 1012
Pine street.
Went Into Bankruptcy.
Jacob Loyed of this city filed a peti
tion In bankruptcy yesterday In the
United States District Court. His liabili
ties are $1422 50; assets nothing.
Steamship Australia, recently In the
service of the Government as a troop
ship, has been returned to the Oceanic
line and will resume her Honolulu run cm
or about September 1. Fare 175. Round
trip $125. Ticket office, 114 Montgomery.*
now spoke his lines. He read them
from a paper. He stated that on the
claimant rested the responsibility of
convincing the Jury that the salary
was due. If positive proof was lack
ing, if the soubrette aspect of the con
tract was not fully established, in
short, if the jury had any doubts
that the claimant's statement and
that of the witnesses in her favor
had failed to dissipate, then the ver
dict would be brought in favor of the
defendant.
At 3:45 p. m. the twelve men in the
fr«nt seats arose in a body and re
tired, not to take a drink, but to dis
cuss among themselves the merits of
the high class play that they had just
witnessed. It did not take them long
to ascertain that Miss Hall had scor
ed a distinct triumph in her new role
of the "claimant," and was entitled
to salary. Nine out of the twelve so
decided, and the whole party marched
back to see the curtain rise on the
closing act.
Miss Hall smiled her prettiest. She
wore a heightened color, and it added
to the charm of her presence. She
anticipated victory and It came! "We,
the jury, find the claimant is entitled
to salary," was the essence of the
statement. It carried peace and plac
idity to the heart of the soubrette. As
for the defendant, she sat unmoved.
The lawyers promptly added the
final dispute about costs, and the cur
tain fell on the words, "We claim a
stay of execution for five days."
Miss Hall goes to New York as
soon as she gets her money. "I hoped
to go to-night," she said. "There are
several openings there for me, but as
yet I have not accepted any of them."
BUTT'S FATE
IS ROSENAU`S
Autocrats of the Harbor
on Their Knees.
GIVEN A SHARP REPRIMAND
WILL NO LONGER BE ALLOWED
TO HARASS THE COLLECTOR.
Admonished by the Secretary of
the Navy That This Is
America and Not
Russia.
It is understaood that the letter from
the Secretary of the Treasury last week
to Lieutenant Butt, reprimanding him for
the non-performance of his duty as com
mander of Golden Gate, the cus
toms boat, whs accompanied by a letter
of similar tenor addressed to Federal
Quarantine Officer Rosenau for the high
handed manner in which he hns ignored
the orders of the Collector of the Port.
As a result of this action on tho part
of the department the customs officials
believe they will be enabled to perform
the duties of their respective offices with
out being further harassed by what they
term the dictatorial and Impertinent In
terference of the Federal Quarantine Of
ficer.
Ever since State Quarantine Officer
Chalmers was removed to a more distant
and more agreeable sphere of Influence,
Dr. Rosenau out-Heroded Herod, in fact
out-Chalmered Chalmers in the facility
with which he succeeded in making him
self an obstruction and a nuisance to the
customs inspectors. By misrepresenting
matters to the Treasury Department he
managed to obtain a ruling In his favor
in the matter of a dispute, a few months
ago, but the effect of this ruling was
marred subsequently by a full report pre
pared by Surveyor of Customs Spear and
his chief deputy, Chauncey Moriarlty St.
John, in which all the facts were pre
sented. Butt and Rosenau had stood in
together, so far as appearances went,
and seemed to have formed an alliance
to ha>ve things their own way on the
bay, irrespective of the wishes of the
customs officials. The downfall of Butt's
pride did not precede that of Rosenau by
a very long period of time. An investi
gation was made by the Treasury De
partment on the representations made by
the Surveyor of the Port and the truth
came to light. The caustic letter to Butt
followed, and was accompanied, it Is re
ported, by one addressed to the obstinate
doctor.
The climax was brought about by the
doctor's characteristic action in the mat
ADVBBTISBMENTS^^^^
in our big and ' busy basement.
§ \AG)il(^S>w o f jh e ga/e of-
Cook Ql
937 J&Tfm erockerr jg>
(MARKET ■& : jP^gimk+^B£&
crockery and glassware packed and delivered free
anywhere in San Francisco, Oakland, Berkeley, Sausalito, San Rafael and Fruitvale. Alameda, Antioch, Belmont, Burlingama, •=;.
Benicia Colma Cornwall, Crockett, Decoto, East Oakland, Eastland, Golden Gate, Haywards, Larkspur, Livermore Martinez, ...
Millbrae, Mountain View, Menlo Park.. Napa/Nfles. Novato, Ocean View, Vallejo, Palo Alto, Pinole, Port Costa, Pleasanton,
Redwood, San Mateo, San Lorenzo, San Quentin, San Pablo, Suisun.
ter of the arrival of the Abble M. Deer
ing from Lynn, Mass. The Deering had
no passengers and was destined for St.
Michael. On the way out she stopped at
Bahia. Brazil, where there was some
sickness among the population. She ar
rived in San Francisco Bay on April 17,
of this year, 107 days from Bahla. There
was no one sick on board and the ves
sel was not subject to quarantine under
the statute, which provides, among other
things, that quarantine shall be enforced
on vessels having sailed from an Infected
port within thirty days.
The customs inspectors went on board
and performed their duty. When Rose
nau, who was late learned of their ac
tion, he sent a false and inflammatory
telegram to Washington to the effect that
the Abbie had arrived with several cases
of yellow fever and smallpox, and that
more than 200 persons had died from
those diseases; that the customs officers
had boarded the vessel and taken away
the papers so that the quarantine officer
was unable to perform his duty in the
matter.
When the affair was Investigated by the
authorities it was found there was no
case of disease of any kind on board the
Abbie and that nobody had died on board.
The doctor's explanation that he had in
tended to say that all those diseases and
all those deaths had been at Bahia and
not on the vessel did not avail him. for
it was evident that the intention of the
telegram was to alarm the department
The detection of this misrepresentation
brought down upon his head a stinging
rebuke from the Treasury- Department.
In addition to the complaints filed
against Rosenau were several in protest
against the doctor's action in destroying
several hundred dollars' worth of lemons
and other fruit by fumigating on ship
board without having takfn proper pre
cautions. It is expected that the officials
will have no more trouble from the acts
of Butt and his friend Rosenau.
SECOND WEEK OF THE FAIR.
The Connaughters Out in Full Force
to Study the Map of Ireland.
The map of Ireland was the center of
attraction at the Irish Fair last evening:,
especially to the natives of -Galway,
Leinster and other counties of Connaught,
it being Connaught province night.
In the most popular county contest the
leaders are: Cork, L.eltrim, Dublin, Done
gal, Tyrone, Monohan and Gal way.
Yesterday was school day, and there
were over 4000 children present from the
various public and parochial schools.
Under the direction of Mrs. F. E. Dunne
flax spinning is practically illustrated in
a kitchen of original design representing
a scene in Ireland. Another lrstructlve
feature is the silk looms weaving Irish
Fair silk handkerchiefs and "Remember
the Maine" doylies, which are sold for
the benefit of the fair fund. The ladles
of St. Patrick's Alliance of America are
in charge of this department, with Mrs.
P. D. Mullaney as chairman.
The Band of Ireland booth In charge
of the Martha Washington Circle, A. O.
H., numbers among its workers Miss
Josie Dillon, chairman, Mrs. C. B. Flan
nagan Mrs. Butters, Mrs. Donovan and
Miss H. Fitzpatrick. They have an old
colonial room fitted up with articles
loaned by Mr. Wilcomb, curator of the
Golden Gate Park Museum. This booth
is one of the principal attractions of the
fair.
This evening the ladies of the "Wood
men of the World with the members of
the Pocahontas Club and several ladies'
sodalities and other organizations will be
present.
THE PAJARO RAILROAD.
Annual Report Shows a Healthy
State of Affairs.
The Pajaro Railroad Company filed its
annual report with the Railroad Commis
sioners yesterday. The following- shows
the result of operations for the year 1897
1838: Expended in construction, $52,611 14;
for equipment, $11,717 61; total, $64,32S 75.
The total cost of equipment and construc
tion up to the present day amounts to
$395.719 60.
The gross earnings of the year are $87,
600 09, which, minus the operating ex
penses, $3D.1u5 01, leaves a net income of
$48,495 08. Of the gross earnings. $1493 25
represents the passenger earnings and
$86,100 84 the returns from freight traffic.
.® ® ® ®®®® ® ® ® ® ®®®®®®®®®®®® ® ® ®
• RETURNS TO THE FLESHPOTS. I
® <3
© How J. J. Gottlob Abandoned Milk Diet and ®
| Gave Actor Miller Heart Failure. %
® The cause of the sudden slump" in the dairy business has been dls- ®
© covered. J. J. Gottlob, ' theatrical. manager, t who proposed to 1 subsist on®
® the lacteai fluid for a month, has 1 , defle-l his ; doctor, ®
0 T^^H i' thrown his discretion and mllk-and-seltzer to the four ®
.~ GTi "mv}'; 1 winds ian returned to the deeply.' coveted; flesh pots ®
•pU A£> jju' Incidentally, he nearly broke the heart of Henry Mil- ®
® JKpM cA&Bw(- ler> star of tne Frohmnn Company, who is now play- ®
© «ej fillifclv^" .' lng. to ."standing room only" at the Baldwin. : ©
(Si i2L/-4 -*&$? - z Mr- Gottlob ' s astounding resolution was faithfully ®
]~ BT^U>^*W kept -foir: five long- and f milky; .'days, : and Mr. Miller ®
JjTTiXXh^^ - Was the cause of, his': fall from -grace. The star read ®
® mliLiJr*^ the. account of the manager's predicament in The ®
® ~^* m^^ Call, \ and concluded to give Gottlob's constitution a ®-
CS) - \^~r>|y: severe wrench by : inviting that gentleman to a ®
rs ~'*£H£*^ x '~srd/) French dinner ad lib, and gloating over the misery ®
ilfi^^y^X^MsKv with < which •: the "courtesy would ,be "declined.' Mr. ®
® ! z£ji&r?n~ Miller is now slowly recovering from the financial ®
® \ v> T^W^X^ shock which ensued. He baited Gottlob in his lair ®
r\ : ' 'lsWs*--\7 Tcf^ ; : and fir ' : ! d s his imagination with tales of the magnlfl- ®
(ftp) iv^VV^t) cence and length of ? the proposed menu. He carried I® ;
® . J&ir^f&iJttZ' the torture : too far. ii Gottlob grieved and ; Miller jeered ®
®! : GyuW^-s*S'* ' ■ and made light of his friend's sorrow. Still the man- ®
. (S) \* s ~^ZT t^--i' a » er put up a good fight V against the demon hunger, ®
z: !~. , but the tempter ; led him on fi and he finally '■-. fell ®i
- through the trap, Y nlle Miller, the jester, ; nearly ®
® *-V :.;-, ■': dropped' oft his chair. Z'~.-' : ' ' ®
® fN^HK 1 ' ' x rr. £?*. - Gottlob, :1 with » great energy, telephoned to various ®
® VttS J nki--1 **' $Q milk stations and soda works countermanding orders ®
' O «3 ' s^llll'i') $**? for future 'delivery; and hurried ito his physician; in- ®
® \ forming the horrified :; medico c that 'he had taken his ®
® • 'i^rSSS^^K/f In dea''»y '.' prescription ';. five » days and r, would '.' not "rush ®
'" ® ■ ■^v^(^~~ T l~&*i f II the milk-and-seltzor growler another sun" if he died. ® ;
V) '^i'-'fflfik Wr^V With equal energy he escorted Mr. Miller to a ®
" : ™ hunger -destroying factory -where nothing ,1s * cheap ®
:® •C->T ■ }t<Ur l| but the ; atmosphere : and proceeded ;to . make up for ®
® ' * . lost time. . '• ;'-.;,-; ' : -;. : . ' '.t:--"". t :--"" ~\ f •/. ■"'-'- ®
•:®T. Somehow the "Joshing" star, did not have much appetite for his work, ®
® - but ; Mr. I Gottlob, t equal t " to the ; occasion, i played all \. the i parts '•; that - the > bill ®
' ■® . might be well presented. It was. ■ .The garcon T presented it. ; It called for ®
® $20. Miller called for smelling salts. He had heart failure. . ®
i'i®-:".?;.' .--. . ■- -:^ :■ ■:■■■,::■:' - :^M^ i^r. : .-^'^T^ ;r>-^sm \- ■■: : : ■--v®
Iv ; ®®® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ®® ® ® ®®® ® ® ® ® ®.® ; ®.® ® ® ®.®.®.® ® ®
. . -'• >■•.■■■,-'-. ,t ■ ■-■.-- - -;.-. ■ -. ■ ■ . ■■*■'-■■ ;I- .■!■:••'. .---■ ' ■--■-■■'- :■ " v '•'■■'•'■ :
NOTABLE FEAT
IN SURGERY
Remarkable Operation at
the County Hospital.,
JOHN RENNIE'S FIGHT FORLIFE
CANCER REMOVED UNDER DIF
FICULT CIRCUMSTANCES.
The Hight Half of the Stomach and
Several Inches of the
Large Intestine Cut
Away.
Hereafter John Rennie of 120 Second
street must struggle along with only half
a stomach and several inches less Intes
tines than he began life with. Rennie,
who is 50 years of age. was removed to
the City and County Hospital on the 7th
of the present month, suffering from
what he supposed to be some disorder of
the stomach, but which proved to be a
cancer of large dimensions.
Rennie was first placed In the medical
ward where he remained for several daya
until the physicians could accurately di
agnose his case, and then he was trans
ferred to the surgical ward, for it was
apparent that only an operation of the
most delicate nature could save his life.
Some days were necessary to prepare
the patient for the ordeal, and last Fri
day the surgeons pronounced the condi
tions favorable, and Rennie was placed
on the operating table. Drs. Ellinwood
and Rlxford, assisted by Drs. Trenholtz,
Hoffman and Gibbons, performed the op
eration, or rather xthe double operation,
known to the surgical world as pyloric
tomy and gastroentrotomy.
An incision was made in the abdominal
cavity, and the cancer located at the
junction of the stomach and large Intes
tine, completely surrounding the open
ing. It was found necessary to remove
the entire right half of the stomach as
well as the Intestine for several inches
from the junction, and this rendered im
perative the second operation of gastro
entrotomy. At the point where the first
operation was performed the intestine is
attached to the abdominal wall so tightly
as to be immovable, and It was necessary
to sew up both the stomach and intestine.
Then the surgeons picked up the latter
about six inches from where it had been
severed and where it is movable, and
making an incision there as well as in
the lower part of the stomach, joined the
two artificial openings, thus shortening
the channel something more than a foot
in all The abdominal cavity was then
closed and the patient again placed In his
cot He rallied rapidly and now eats
freely and retains and digests his food,
showing that the wound has healed and
the new channel performing its function.
Yesterday Rennie' s temperature was
nearly normal, and the physicians pro
nounced his chances of recovery- better
than even. ,
While the operation Rennie has under
gone has been performed before, it is
quite rare, and the conditions are neces
sarily such as to make it extremely haz
ardous. In the first place the prox
imity to the solar plexus renders it
exceedingly difficult for the surgeons to
operate without affecting that spot, for
the slightest touch would cause almost
certain death. Then the danger from
peritonitis is great, for the escape of
any of the germs from the open stom
ach into the system would bring on that
complication. But, thanks to the sur
geon's skill, Rennie escaped that dan
ger, and if all continues well he will t>«
as hearty as ever in a few weeks.
COMMERCE IN DANGER.
Important Dispatch Sent to the Am
erican-Canadian Commission.
From all appearances something has
happened at the American-Canadian con
ference in Quebec that nas caused some
alarm on the part of certain commercial
bodies In the eastern part of the United
States. The following dispatch was re
ceived yesterday from Boston by Hugh
Craig, president of the local Chamber ol
Commerce:
There Is great danger that the pressure
brc%ught to bear by certain special industries
against any concessions to Canada affecttn*
those interests may defeat commercial reciproc
ity with Canada. Please -wire American Com
missioners now sitting in Quebec, urging that
consideration of special interests will not b«
permitted to prevent the negotiations of a
commercial treaty that shall secure to the
two countries the broadest possible measure of
reciprocity. I'rgently necessary that telegram
be sent at once.
VT. F. ROBINSON,
President Boston Chamber of Commerce.
Neither Mr. Craig nor Secretary Scott
have any idea of the nature of the danger
alluded to, but the president at once sent
this dispatch:
Senator Charles W. Fairbanks. Chairman
United States High Commission, In Conference,
Quebec, Canada: The Chamber of Commerce
of San Francisco urges the United States High
Commissioners that no consideration of special
interests shall be permitted to prevent the ne
gotiation of a commercial treaty with our
Canadian cousins upon the broadest possible
measures of reciprocity. They are our very
best foreign customers, purchasing more per
capita than any ether nation, consuming ex
actly what we manufacture for our own use.
Make the reciprocal arrangements such that
in a few years their own interests shall prompt
them to knook for admission as an integral
part of the United Stat«x>.; that the flag may
fly from the Rio Gran.le to the Arctic— "na
flag one language, one tariff, one Government.
HUGH CRAIG.
President Chamber of Commerce of San Fran
cisco. ______________
CONVALESCENTS' HOME
NEARING COMPLETION
MISS LAURA McKINSTRY TO AS
SUME CHARGE.
I
Large Sums Received by the Red
Cross Society From Outside
States.
The Red Cross Home for Convalescents,
which is now in course of construction at
the Presidio, is nearly finished and it is
expected to be opened on Friday. Miss
Laura McKinstry, the young society
lady who sacrificed her pleasures to the
cause of the sick, will be in charge of
the hospital. According to the leading
ladies of the Red Cross Society she -is
admirably fitted for the position, having
had months of experience at the Chil
dren's Hospital and possessing tact and
executive ability.
Large sums were received by the State
association yesterday from the following
places:
Ladies of Wrights, through Mrs. J. W. Smith.
$72 75- Willow Olen, $15; Beatrice, Neb.. $81 15;
Mendoelno. $1 25; Eureka. $12 50; Sacramento,
$250- Woman's Relief, Yankton. S. D., $14;
Grass Valley, $26 26; Lampoc. $50; Salt Lake,
$il3; Alameda, $1; McCook, Xeb., $122 77; Oro
ville, $30.
The president and ladies of the Red
Cross Society desire to tender their
thanks to Drs. Well, Stafford, McCone
and Kuegler, who so kindly gave a six
weeks' course of lectures to the society's
class of nurses, which were held in the
lecture hall of the Polycllnic. Thanks
were also extended for the use of the hall
and the illustrations used during the lec
tures.
The ladies of Wright, Cal., gave a grand
ball in aid of the society which netted
$72 25.
THE RAILROAD CASE.
The cross examination of Virgil Bogua
was resumed yesterday afternoon in the
United States Court of Appeals. Mr.
Bogue was questioned by Robert Y.
Hayne as to his statements regarding
the cars and other property of the South
ern Pacific Company, but nothing new
wj* s elicited.
Mr Hayne was assisted by Deputy At
torney General Anderson. The Interests
of the railroad corporation were watched
by E S. Pillsbury. Railroad Commis
sioner Hint on was present on behalf of
the commission and had a delightful nap
in his chair.
- . ADVEBTISEMENTS.
w/ /Mm ffii^jft tirjT^KxS q9^. I
Superior Quality is its pass-
port to your immediate favor
and cheerful patronage.
VAL.BLATZ BREWING CO.
> MILWAUKEE. U.S. A.
; Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale I
Dealers, 416-418 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco.