VOLUME LXXXIII.-NO. 139.
WARLIKE PLANS ARE YET IN PROGRESS
SPAIN IS
PLAYING A
SLOW GAME
Ministers Await Action of
Congress Before Tak
ing Final Stand.
Castilians of All Classes Are Most
Patriotic, ar;d if War Erjsues
They Will Fight Stoutly
for Their Boy Kjng.
LONDON, April 17.— The Ma
drid correspondent of the Daily
Mail, telegraphing Sunday, says:
The situation is identical with
that of yesterday, the Ministers
preserving an awaiting attitude.
They believe that by Wednesday
or Thursday the two houses of
CongTess will have definitely
agreed as to the line of action,
and that the course of events
will then depend upon President
McKinley.
In the meantime the draft of the
speech from the throne, which is to be
laid before the Cortes on Wednesday,
has been substantially drawn up. It is
short and strongly worded, but prob
ably will undergo modifications in ac
cordance with events that may take I
place in America during the next few
days.
In official circles it Js said that the
Cuban rebels are waiting for the out
of affairs in the United States
before deciding on a line of conduct.
If America decides to recognize the in
dependence of Cuba they will carry on
the campaign with greater vigor than
before. If, on the ether hand, armed
intervention is only to be recommended,
with the prospect of annexation to fol
low, there will be such a feeling of dis
gust among them that they will prefer
a pacific solution of the trouble by
means of a promise ol a fuller measure
of autonomy.
All internal questions are being
merged in the external crisis. Many
Senators and Deputies are arriving
here. It is believed in political circles
that the debates in the two chambers
will be very brief, and that no party of
any shade of opinion will refuse to
grant the Government the fullest finan
cial assistance in case of an interna
tional conflict.
The Spanish report on the Maine ex
plosion will be published to-morrow or
next day. It is said to be very techni
cal, but to prove that the disaster
originated from an interior cause. It
practically shows that the Americans
concealed documents and refused to
produce proofs for joint us*, as the
Spanish freely did, thus showing their
own good faith.
Strinpf-nt orders have been issued to
the provincial Governors to suppress
any disturbances of an anti-American
character.
At the Cabinet council Saturday tele
grams of a sympathetic nature were
received from South America, while
great patriotic enthusiasm is reported
in the Spanish colonies. The situation
in the Philippines caused some uneasi
ness, but it is not true that more re
inforcements are to be sent there.
Nothing is officially known here yet
of the appointment by the Cuba*i Colo
nial Government of any commission to
negotiate with the insurgents. Very
satisfactory statements were made yes
terday at the Cabinet council as to mil
itary preparations made In view of the
present crisis.
The Madrid correspondent of the
Daily Telegraph, telegraphing Sunday,
says: The greatest enthusiasm is man-
Ifested everywhere among the pec-pie,
who are subscribing even more than
they can afford to the funds for the na
tional defense. I am acquainted with
families who intend to deprive them
selves of one meal a day in order to
FEAR OF REBUFF
RESTRAINS POWERS
NEW YORK, April 17.— Washington correspondent of the Her
ald telegraphs: As a result of an exchange of notes between the Euro
pean powers in regard to the advisability of concerted action in the His
pano-American question the indications to-night are that no further
representations will be made to this Government in the matter. As the
matter rests upon so many circumstances, some of them trivial in char
acter, it cannot be said with absolute positivcness at this time what, the
final result of the notes may be. It was pointed out to me to-night
that Lord" Salisbury is at Nice, and Mr. Balfour, who is acting as Pre
mier, is absent from London and that the Under Secretary of Foreign
Affairs, not having a voice in the policy of ; the Government, cannot
commit Great Britain one way or the other on the proposition made by
the Embassadors of France and Austria, I understand that France
and Austria propose to continue their efforts until the last moment, but
It is felt here that their labors will be of no avail ; and that war be
tween the United States and Spain is absolutely unavoidable. So far
as making separate representation, it can be authoritatively stated that
neither France nor Austria will consider such a thing," knowing full well
that it would be rejected by this Government. :-.-]' It can also be stated
that it is this fear of rebuff that had much to do with the lack of desire
shown by the powers to make any further representations to the United
States. -■^■.:'>--"/,Y'-. ' ■\ ; C:V"\ .\ / '• - .
The San Francisco Call
give their mite to the Government.
Many officials on small salaries have
resolved to offer one day's pay and
even two to the Government. Boys
under age are asking permission to
serve in the army, their parents having
already assented. Some popular bull
fighters, whose performances are worth
hundreds of thousands of francs year
ly, have resolved to abandon their vo
cations and shoulder rifles in defense
of the fatherland.
I have had a long and interesting
conversation with a diplomatic repre
sentative of one of the European
powers, who requested me not to men
tion his name or his nationality, who
said: "Although war seems certain,
the possibility of peace is not yet elim
inated. The negotiations are proceed
ing without interruption and success is
still possible. Personally, I must say
that it will be very difficult to main
tain peace. The excitement on both
sides of the Atlantic is too strong to be
opposed successfully by the Govern
ments. But what I am certain of is
this: That there will be no real war in
the ordinary sense of the word. Hos
tilities will end almost as soon as they
begin, because Europe will mediate be
tween the belligerents under conditions
which will tend to be extreme-ly favor
able to peace with honor for both sides.
It is then that the marked moderation
of the Spanish Government will bear
fruit.
"The idea of armed intervention by
Europe is absurd and unfounded. Not
one power Is disposed to support such
a suggestion, although all admit that
from the point of view of international
law Spain is in the right and the Unit
ed States in the wrong. It seems to
me, therefore, that Spain will yet en
joy an opportunity of trying the exper
iment of Cuban autonomy. The Min
isters nre certain that their moderate.
Peaceful policy, which h°s made a
great impression upon Europe, will
sooner or later bear good fruft a"<l that
this aspect of neace is not yet disposed
of. At all events negotiations between
the representatives of the powers con
tinue and great hopes are placed in
them."
ISSUES A CALL TO
SUBJECTS OF SPAIN
Consul Torrija Summons Before Him
His Countrymen in Phila
delphia.
PHILADELPHIA, April 17.— Joaquln
M. Torrija, the Spanish consul in this
city, has inserted the following notice
in the newspapers:
"Spanish subjects residing in this
city and its consular district are noti
fied to place themselves at the consul
ate. No. 222 South Third street, at their
earliest convenience."
Senor Torrija declined to discuss the
purpose of the notice, but from another
source it was learned that the probable
object was to complete a registration
of all Spanish subjects in this section.
TO WATCH MOVEMENTS
OF SPANISH WARSHIPS.
Instructions Issued to All American
Diplomats at European
Ports.
LONDON, April 17.— Cable advices
were received to-day directing all
American diplomatic and consular offi
cials to watch for movements of Span
ish war craft in British watan and to
report any such movement to Washing
ton immediately. It is supposed tho
other embassies and consulates have
been similarly instructed.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1898 — EIGHTEEN PAGES.
BRIGADIER GENERAL HENRY C. MERRIAM, t^e New Commander oP the Department
of California.
VANCOUVER BARRACKS, Wash., April 17.-General H. C. Merriam, who has been
assigned to the command of the Department of California, In addition to that of the Columbia,
left to-night for San Francisco. Whether General Merriam will take up his residence In San
Francisco or remain here will depend upon the exigencies of the service.
PLANS OF THE NAVY AND ARMY.
COAL WILL BE A
WAR CONTRABAND
In So Directing Her Colonies Eng
land Has TaKen Action Desired
by tbe President and Navy.
NEW YORK, April 17.— A Washington special to
the Herald says: In directing her colonies to regard
coal as a contraband of war in the event of hostilities
between the United States and Spain, Great Britain
has taken action, the administration officials say, in
line with the wishes of the President and the naval
authorities. Pressure will be exerted upon France,
Hayti and San Domingo to accomplish the same re
sult, and some attention is being given by the State
Department to South American countries, with a
view to securing from them a declaration of the con
traband character of coaJ as well as an announced
determination on their part not to sell either to Span
ish or American men-of-war a supply of fuel greater
than that necessary to enable belligerent vessels to
steam to the next home port.
So far aa the Danish West Indies are concerned the au
thorities have purchased in their ports all the coal that it
Is possible to secure. With coal declared a contraband of
war the administration officials and naval experts say it
will be impossible for Spanish vessels to operate in the West
Indies or in the Pacific, and as a result the chances of suc
cess for the American arms will be immeasurably enhanced.
Great Britain's declaration c,-f the contraband character of
coal will affect the United State 3 at only one pomt — in the
far East.
The United States now has at Hongkong a fleet of six
vessels— the cruisers Baltimore, Olympla, Raleigh and Bos
ton, and the gunboats Concord and Petrel, and these ships
ore awaiting the word to rush to Manila. If the fortifica
tions of the Philippines should stand oft the American fleet
for any length of time, the operations of the vessels would
be greatly embarrassed, for by England's declaration her
colonies will be only allowed to furnish either belligerent
a supply sufficient to take him to his home port. Appreciat
ing the position assumed by the British, Commodore Dewey,
acting under instructions from Secretary Long, has pur
chased a large quantity of coal and has stored it on board
of two colliers which will accompany his fleet to the Philip
pines.
ENGLAND'S ATTITUDE
INIMICAL TO SPAIN.
In Declaring Coal Contraband of
War Great Britain Aids
This Country.
WASHINGTON, April 17.— The action
of Great Britain in declaring coal to be
a contraband of war, as reported from
Jamaica, is said to have a significance
different from that attached to it in the
dispatches. As explained in a high dip
lomatic quarter such an order would
not prevent a vessel of either Spain or
the United* States from taking coal at
Kingston or any other port in the Weat
Indies. Even when this article is con
traband ft ia said to be usual to permit
CONCENTRATION
OF THE TROOPS
Regulars Begin Departing To-Nigr;t
for the Scene of Mobilization
at CrjicKaroauga.
NEW YORK, April 17.— A Washington special to
the Herald says: This was one of the busiest Sun
days the army has seen since the civil war. Many of
the chiefs of more important military bureaus were
at their desks in the War Department practically the
entire day, constantly communicating with the mili
tary commanders of the several branches of the army
which starts on its journey of concentration to-mor
row, and with their subordinates who are at points
of mobilization. Contracts for the transportation of
troops from their present stations to the Gulf will be
signed to-morrow morning, and In the evening the
army intended for the occupation of Cuba will be on
the move.
Major-General Miles, commanding the army, will go
South not later than Wednesday night to take command of
the army in the field and to establish hia headquarters, tak
ing with him his three aids, Captains Michler, Mass and
Davis. Adjutant-General Corbin and Quartermaster-Gen
eral Ladington will also either accompany him or follow him
within the next few days. Army officers are anxiously
awaiting the announcement of the commanding general as
to who is to constitute the remaining members of his staff.
The opposition to the army reorganization bill having
been overcome, and its ultimate passage being now assured,
the question of providing the necessary number of second
lieutenants is agitating the authorities at the War Depart
ment. This bill as it will pass in an amended form will pro
vide for three majors of infantry to each regiment, instead
of one, as the army is now organized, and will therefore
necessitate the appointment of two new majors to each of
the twenty-five regiments. These vacancies will be filled
by promotions of senior captains and will consequently pro
mote fifty second lieutenants and create fifty vacancies in
the list of. second lieutenats of infantry. These vacancies
will be filled by members of this year's graduating class
from West Point, by appointments from the ranks and by a
few appointments from civil life.
a vessel of a belligerent power to take
aboard sufficient coal to carry her to
the next port. Once out of the port,
however, the vessel takes her chances
with her contraband cargo, and it is
liable to seizure as contraband of war
while en route to a port of the bel
ligerent power.
Applying this rule to the present case
It is said that if a Spanish ship went
to Kingston for coal she would be able
to carry a supnly sufficient to carry
her to Porto Rico or Cuba. When
<>nee away from Kingston, however, the
vessel and her cargo would be subject
to seizure by the United States ships.
The same rule, it is said, would apply
in case a ship of Great Britain or any
other country was engaged in carrying
such a contraband article.
The flag would protect the ship as a
Whole, but It would not protect the
contraband article on board, the ship
being subject to search and to seizure
of the contraband article. The rule
would be applicable to ships of Spain,
as the United States naval vessels need
not look to the British Indies for their
coal supplies, whereas Spanish vessels
would rely upon this as well as other
West India ports for supplies.
Soon Will Be a Cruiser.
PHILADELPHIA, April 17.— The
American line steamer St. Paul, which
sailed from New York to-day for this
city, passed the Delaware Capes this
evening. She will reach Cramps' ship
yard to-morrow and on Tuesday morn
ing the work of transforming her into
an auxiliary cruiser will begin. It is
estimated this work will require about
fifteen days.
"DEATH
TO THE PIG
YANKEES"
Ver)om of Malaga Mobs
T^at flssailed Our
Consulate.
Rioting Is Renewed, and One
Madrid Newspaper Declares
Spaniards Should Not
flct Lil^e RuffiaQS.
MALAGA, April 17.— The riot
ing which broke out yesterday
was continued last evening. The
gendarmes charged the mob fre
quently and the rioters returned
their attacks with volleys of
stones. Many persons were
bruised and numerous arrests
were made. The city is quieter
this morning.
MADRID, April 17.— The Imparcial,
referring to the attack upon the Amer
ican consulate at Malaga, deplores the
outrage as necessarily calling for apol
ogies, and warns the Malaguenos
against provoking a war which Spain
would avoid if possible. The Imparcial
adds: "Rioting is no proof of courage.
The Greeks made demonstrations
many days in Athens, but this did not
prevent them from quickly forsaking
the heights of Thessaly. ' The Span
iards should enter the conflict like gen
tlemen and not like ruffians."
LONDON, April 17.- -The Malaga cor
respondent of the Daily MpII, tele
graphing at noon Saturday says:
About 10 o'clock last evening (Friday)
a large group of young people who had
already met in another part of the
town for the purpose of organizing a
demonstration, arrived In front of the
American consulate and began to cheer
for Spain. They did not at this stage
utter any cry against the United States.
The chief of police endeavored to
disperse them, but only succeeded in
driving the crowd from the front of the
consulate. The demonstrators then
paraded along the Calle de Larses, the
most frequented street in Malaga, and,
accompanied by a very large crowd,
reassembled in the Plaza de la Consti
tucion. The Civil Governor and Mayor
of the town hastened to the spot to
calm the people, and were received with
wild cheering, but In the meantime a
group posted themselves opposite the
American consulate. They carried a
Spanish banner, -and after uttering
many patriotic cries began to throw
stones at the building.
All the windows were smashed and a
part of the furniture of the consulate
seriously damaged. When the crowd
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Fair Monday; warmer; fresfi
northerly wind: fog In the morning.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Franci5c0...'. ........62 degrees
Portland '...'...'... 56 degrees
Los Angeles .'..*. ". . 70 degrees
San Dieg0. .J".....; 62 decrees
Sacramento ..'..:....... 82 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Spain's Waiting Policy, j
Powers Fear a Rebuff. ,
Coal a Contraband of War.
Mobilization of the Army.
Mad Mobs at Malaga. . '
SECOND PAGE.
Commander : Brownson Returns. ■
■ Action of Congress. ..,
1 Ships to Guard North Pacific. .
Roosevelt. to Be a Soldier. •."■' ' ) .
Do-ns . Charter a Steamer. :
Patriotism . at Santa Rosa..
Spaniards to Moet Cubans.
THIRD PAGE. \ ■
"Whalers ; Need Provisions.
Grand Army Rally. w
Big Flra at Charlestown.'.
Editors at ; Paso Robles.
Methodist Celebration.
Thirteen Vendetta .Victims. ,
FOURTH PAGE* :
' Editorial.
A Lesson of the Crisis.
The .War and the Weather.
The March to the Front.
Trolleys on Market Street.
Helping the Gas Monopoly.
■■ An Exhibit; at Omaha. :'";
Money Ashamed of, His Job. '
: Murders Never Solved.
Planets In the Evening. Sky.
News.of Foreign Navies. :'■;,
Personals and Queries.' .
■ ' FIFTH " PAGE.
Children May See the Troops.
Ministers Talk of , War. " ' '
,; SIXTH PAGE. • . ■
Games on Eastern Diamonds.
, An Artistic Burglar's Arrest.' '.
' . ■ SEVENTH PAGE. ■ : ;
Shooting ; on the Ranges.
.News From Across the, Bay.
; EIGHTH PAGE. ,
Coursing at Two Parks. \ .. {
Fist Fight at the. Ocean Beach. :
v - NINTH PAGE. h
Births, Marriages and Deaths. /
TENTH PAGE.. : ./
Baseball on Many Diamonds.
lime. Melba In Town. „'
" ■ : ELEVENTH PAGE.
The New Charter. "■■. •'. :
-. ■: EIGHTEENTH PAGE. :
. News Along . the Water Front.
j Notes of the National Guard.
.' Local . Spanish Papers on War. '?•■
" An Attorney's Assault on ' a Woman.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
was at the height of its frenzy a lad
der was brought and a man, getting
hold of the American escutcheon, threw
it to the ground amid immense cheer
ing. The escutcheon was paraded as a
trophy through the streets and ulti
mately carried to the crowded Plaz^
de la Constitucion where its appear-,
ance created great enthusiasm.
Another group, headed by a well«
known Carlist, went through the prin
cipal streets and passed b; the Con
sulate, shouting: "Vivas!" to Spain, t«
the army, and crying incessantly:
"Death to the United States!" and
"Death to the pig Yankees!" This
groug, largely swollen by people who
had joined it on the way, forced an en
trance into the Cervantes Theater. Tha
representation was stopped arid the or
chestra played a patriotic march, the
whole audience joining in the demon
stration.
The Governor, warned by telephone,
made his appearance. Then some one
■cried: "When the country is in dan
ger no theatrical representation ought
to be given." The audience applauded,
and in a few minutes spontaneously
cleared the theater. From this the sev
eral contingents and people noisily pa
raded the streets, and the demonstra
tions continued until an advanced hour
of the night, the police being power
less. This morning the
American Consulate looked from the
outside as if it had been wrecked, the
stones and the broken glass making
quite a pile on the sidewalk.
The commotion was renewed early
to-day. Several groups carried with
them banners upon which had been
printed representations of the pig, now
treated in Spain as an emblem of
America and as synonymous with
Americans. The authorities, however,
had taken serious measures. The
mounted infantry civil guard had been
called out and the police took positions
in the principal streets. The demonstra
tors tried to get hold of the municipal
banner and to procure the municipal
band, but were prevented in both di
rections.
At noon to-day (Saturday) the de
monstration had practically ended, al
thought the people occasionally in
dulged in patriotic cries and the streets
were full.
The Malaga correspondent of the
Daily Mail in a late dispatch, dated.
Saturday night, says: By order of tha
ADVEBTISEMENTS^
Thousands of women are cast-up dead
on the shores of life because of their own
ignorance or neglect. No woman can be
free from pain, or safe from the ever-threat-
ening breakers of death, who neglects to
take proper care of the organs that con-
stitute her womanhood. A woman who
neglects her womanly-self will be sickly,
nervous, pain-racked and fretful, and ap^
proaching maternity will be a menace of thf
grave. It is easy for a woman to avoid this
suffering and danger.
Wise women know that Dr. Pierces Fa-
vorite Prescription is a marvelous remedy
for those troubles that make a woman's life
miserable, and fill the period of prospect-
ive motherhood with fears. It is the dis-
covery of an eminent and skillful specialist,
Dr. R. V. Pierce, for thirty "^ars chief con-
sulting physician to the Invalids' Hotel and
Surgical Institute, at Buffalo, N. Y. Over
90,000 women have testified to the almost
miraculous action of this wonderful remedy.
It works directly on the organs distinctly
feminine. It makes them strong and
healthy. It cures all weakness and disease.
It prepares for wifehood and motherhood.
It insures baby's health and makes its ad-
vent easy and nearly painless. Druggists
lell it. Nothing else is "just as good."
Mrs. G. A. Connor, of Alleg-hany Spring, Mont-
gomery Co., Va.. writes: "My daughter, aged 15
years, "had a goitre coming on her neck and it
disfigured her very much. lam happy to say
that it has disappeared after the use of one bot-
tle of Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription."
Dr. Pierces Common Sense Medical Ad-
viser is in plain English. Contains 1,008
pages and over 300 illustrations. If you
want a copy, paper-covered, send 21 one-
cent stamps, to cover the cost of mailing
onl\\ to the World's Dispensary Medical
Association, Euffalo, N. Y. If you pretc*
, cloth covet tendu stamp?. M2
BROWNSON RETURNS
FROM HIS MISSION
TO EUROPEAN STATES
Complications in the Far East Made It Difficult
for Him to Purchase Ships of War
Abroad.
WASHINGTON, April 17. — Assistant Secretary Roosevelt was at the
Navy Department some time during the morning transacting matters
requiting his attention. He had a visit with Commander Willard H.
Brownson, who has just returned to the United States from his visit
abroad, where he was sent to purchase men-of-war and munitions
for the use of tho United States navy. The commander is looking well
bronzed, and says he had an enjoyable trip, having spent practically
all his time in Italy, France and Ensland. He made a number of rec
ommendationa and reports to Secretary Long during his inspections
I. and will submit the final one to the Secretary to-morrow. He
a-ski'd to be excused from discussing the results of his trip pending
his report to the Secretary.
Commander Brownson, during his visit, was able to gauge the feel
ins which the European nations have for this country in its issue with
Spain. Concerning the Englishmen he remarked that their sympathy
is for the United States, and that they are with us to a man. A great
many Frenchmen sided with Spain, although the commander said his
observations regarding them were ba.sed on reports only. Italy being
one of the Latin countries, there is an element which sympathizes
with Spain, although many of the commercial classes, realizing that
much of the trade of the peninsula is with the United States, look
upon our contention with favor. Commander Brownson says that ow
ing to the uncertain state of affairs in Europe, growing out of the
Eastern Questions, in which most of the great nations are interested,
very few really satisfactory warships are to be found on the market,
while in six months from now when no one will want to purchase
any, no doubt some will he available. Unfinished ships and those of
inferior quality were to be obtained, if desired, but the Governement
rred not to purchase vessels of that kind.
The commander will leave the city to-morrow for New York, where
he is to assume command of the Yankee, to which he has been as
signed.
Government the local authorities of
Malaga waited upon the American Con
sul to-day with an apology for the in
sults. The escutcheon has been re
placed. The press strongly denounces
the occurrences which, it is pointed out,
are likely to intensify the strained rela
tions between the two countries.
To-nitrht, however, the popular de
monstrations were again renewed, but
the authorities acted energetically.
CIVIL WAR ORDNANCE
MUST BE UTILIZED.
One Deplorable Effect of the Parsi
mony Hitherto Displayed by
Confresfl.
XE\v YORK, April 17.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: As the
r 't of the parsimony hitherto dis
played by Congress, the navy will soon
be compelled to give antiquated ord
nance to vessels which will enter the
service as auxili — y men-of-war. Cap
tain Charles O'Neill, chief of the bu
reau of ordnance has stretched the
modern material n hand as far as pos
sible and h- . surprised the department
by the way in which he has been fur
nishing modern guns. The end of mod
ern guns w'l be at hand when the
American liners and other vessels
which have been acquired are armed,
and the oi ance bureau is therefore
now turning its attention to guns which
were used in th< j civil war. There is an
ample supply of these weapons on hand
LIEUTENANT COLONEL LOUIS T. MORRIS, Fourth U. S.
Cavalry, Who Is to Command at the Presidio.
for any number of vessels that might
be procured, and at short range, the
ordnance officials say, they will be ef
fective against gunboats and auxiliary
cruisers of Spain, though against ar
mored cruisers they will not Le effect
ive.
Warships Not Sighted.
CopjTiEhted, 1898. by Junta Gordon Bennett.
ST. THOMAS, West Indies, April 17.
— I carefull investigated tv-day ttie
report that five warships passed this
Island on Friday night, bound west,
and waa unable to verify it. Those
who know do not give credence to the
report.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Unless you have used Pears'
soap you probably do not know
what we mean by a soap with
no free fat or alkali in it — noth-
ing but soap.
The more purely negative soap
is, the nearer does it approach
Defection.
TO GUARD THE
NORTH PACIFIC
Protection Will Be Given
Sealers and Returning
Klondikers.
Fleet Comprising the Bering
Sea Patrol Will Be
Increased.
Vessels to Go Under Jurisdiction of
the Navy and Captain Glass to
Be Placed in Command.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 17.— A Washing
ton spetial to the Herald says: In or
der to protect the Bering Sea sealing
fleet and steamers which are expected
to bring gold-laden miners from the
Klondike during the coming summer it
is proposed by the administration to
assign a strong detail of revenue cut
ters, tugs and coast survey vessels to
duty in the North Pacific. Hitherto
it has been the custom to send a fleet
of five revenue cutters, armed with a
few six-pounders to the North Pacific
for the purpose of preventing pelagic
sealing or any other violation of the
sealing patrol, and the cutters have
been under control of the Secretary of
the Treasury.
During the coming season the force
will be a naval force, and its opera
tions will be directed by the Secretary
of the Navy. In view of a possible
contingency that a Spanish privateer
may attempt to capture American
whalers or vessels coming from Alaska,
having on board American miners re
turning from the Klondike it is pro
posed to make the fleet in Bering Sea
a strong one. The five revenue cutters
will be armed with 6-inch guns, six
pounders and machine guns, the tugs
with six pounders ai:d the coast survey
vessels with a battery as formidable
as the structural arrangement will
permit.
Rear Admiral Miller will continue In
command of the Pacific station, but
there is talk of making the Bering Sea
fleet a separate command and placing
an officer with the rank of captain In
command of it. Captain Henry Glass,
who is on duty as captain of the Mare
Island Navy-yard, is spoken of as pos
sible commander-ln-chief of this force.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1898.
PROBABLE ACTION OF
HOUSE AND SENATE
It Is Believed That the Lower Branch of Congress
Will Not Concur in the Resolution Recog
nizing the Republic of Cuba.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 17.
To-morrow the difficult task of ad
justing the differences between the Sen
ate and the House of Representatives
on the Cuban resolutions begins. The
rock on which the two houses split is
the recognition of the independence of
the Cuban republic whjch was incorpo
rated in tie Senate resolution. Were
that clause eliminated nothing would
have prevented immediate concurrence
by the House, as the great majority of
the Republicans of the lower branch of
Congress are eager for a conclusion.
But the action of the Senate declaring
for the recognition of Cuba's independ
ence agamst the direct and specific rec
ommendation of the President has
given the conservatives a rallying cry
from the standpoint of party loyalty,
which proved very effective to-day.
One o* the most prominent Republi
can leaders on the floor of the House
denominated that portion of the Senate
resoluti >ns a direct "assault" upon the
President which no loyal* Republican
could indorse. And upon "this theory
Speaker Pted and his lieutenants have
been proceeding to-day in their cam-
I paign agairst concurrence in the Sen
ate resolutions. All day long the
Speaker s rooms at the Shoreham have
been like the headquarters of the com
mander-in-chief of an army. He
I has consulted with his lieutenants —
Dingley at Maine, Dalzell of Pennsyl
vania, Cannon of Illinois, Grosvenor of
Ohio and Payne of New York. He has
seen Joy of Missouri, Lorimer of Illi
ROOSEVELT TO
BE A SOLDIER
Will Soon Resign From
His Assistant Navy-
Secretaryship.
Demand for Active Service
Reluctantly Granted by
the President.
Will Bo Assigned to Command a
Division of Volunteers or Placed
on the Staff of Miles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 17.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
"Assistant Secr.tary Roosevelt has not
resigned. He will do sc as soon as the
work of preparation has ceased, and
the President has promised that he will
appoint 1 . .n on the staff of Major-Gen
eral Miles u r of General Lee. He will
be assigned to command a division of
volunteers.
"This authoritative statement was
made to me to-day by a close personal
friend of the Assistant Secretary of the
Navy who is thoroughly acquainted
with his aspirations and vishes. I
learned from him that M■. Roosevelt
has informed both the President and
Secretary Lor of his intention to ask
for war service when hostilities are in
augurated. Iwr. McKinlc-y and Mr.
Long both opposed the idea of losing
such a valuable assistant as Mr. Roose
velt has proved himself to be and
pointed out his value in the Navy De
partment. Naval officials also urged
him to stay in the departmental ser
vice, but Mr. -.oosevelt blieves that a
man should practice what he preaches,
and, notwithstan* .ng the wishes of his
superior officers, he proposes to go to
the front when the war begins.
"As to the position to be given Mr.
Roosevelt, no decision has been
reached. One thing, however, is cer
tain; he will go with the army and not
with the navy, as many naval officers
would like. Mr. I. oosevelt commanded
a National Guard organization for sev
eral years, and consequently feels more
at home in the military department
than he would on board a ship. There
has been talk of attaching him to the
New York militia when it is called into
service, but this, it can be stated on
authority, will not be done. If the
wishes of General Lee ar"> respected —
and they probably will be— he will be
assigned to duty as his chief of staff,
with rank commensurate with that po
sition."
GENERAL COPPINGER
STARTS FOR MOBILE.
Hallways in Beadiness to Transport
Troops to the Eastern
Rendezvous.
OMAHA, April 17. — General Coppin
ger left Omaha this afternoon for Mo
bile over the Missouri Pacific. With
him are personal aides. Lieutenants
Grate Hutcheson and Alexander W.
Perry. Major Andrews, adjutant-gen
eral of the Department of the Missouri,
and Major Enoch W. Crowder, judge
advocate-general. A crowd, including
many representative citizens of Omaha,
was t the de. tto bid them godspeed.
When a friend said to General Coppin
ger, "I wish you a prompt and safe re
turn," the general smilingly replied:
"You better wish us good luck and cool
weather."
Ail the party is in good spirits. It will
reach Mobile on Tuesday mcrrning.
At the headquartrs to-day the bids
for moving the troops from this depart
ment were being tabulated, and the
awards will be made some time during
the night. All the roads are ready to
move such of the business as is award
ed to them.
May Buy tne Lampasas.
KEY WEST, April 17.— The Mallory
line steamer L.mpasas, which arrived
on Thursday with coal for the fleet, has
received instructions from the main of
fice to remain at Key West until fur
ther orders, as the Government is ne
! gotiating for her purchase.
nois, Heatwote of Minnesota and other
leaders of the Republican opposition,
and through other agencies has had a
thorough canvass made of the Repub
lican side of the House. To-night he is
confident the Republicans of the House
can be marshaled against yielding to
the Senate on the main issue.
Some of the arguments which those
like Cooper of Wisconsin, Mann of
Illinois and Bromwell of Ohio are
disposed to take the shortest cut out
of tha woods and by agreeing to end
the matter have been such as to shake
the convictions of these gentlemen. The
chief complaint ( f those who want to
concur is that non-concurrence means
delay, complications, possibly a re
opening of diplomatic negotiations and
possibly further concessions by Spain
which will embarrass the United States
when the ti: c for action arrives. Mem
bers have b^en labored with separate
ly, arguments against recognition have
been reiterated and reinforced in the
light of the debate in the Senate.
Espe2ially potent have been the argu
ments advanced. Senators Allison and
Morgan declare that if we recognize
the independence of the existing gov
ernment General Gomez might at any
time negotiate a peace with Spain
which would le ye the United States in
the lurch. When France allied herself
with us in the revolutionary war it
\v;is for the purpose of gaining our in
dependence, but we were held to the
compact by the stipulation that no
peace with Great Britain should be ne
gotiated without - ance's consent.
More than this, it is claimed that there
are c idences that the Senate wfil
yield to the recognition of indepen
dence if the Hou'-t stands firm.
The whole programme for to-morrow
AMERICAN SHIP
TO CARRY DONS
Olivette Will Take the
Spanish Colony From
Tampa.
Over Four Hundred Persons
To Sail for Havana
To- Day.
Spanish Consul and Vice-Consul Will
Remain at Their Post for
a Tiino.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 17.
The Spani '• Minister, Senor Polo y
Barnabe, to-day closed a charter for
the American steamer Olivette of the
Plant line, which will carry practically
the entire Spanish colony of Tampa,
Fla., to Havana to-morrow. In making
the charter the Minister gave assur
ances that in case of hostilities the
steamer would be cleared from Ha
vana, given ample protection and al
lowed to return to an American port.
The Spanish party will number 408,
most erf them being young men who
have offered their services in the Span
ish army in case of war. Some women
and children are included, as they are
part of the colony making the move. It
is said that hostility to Spanish resi
dents in that locality has become
marked of late. The Consul and Vice-
Consul, with two assistants, will re
main at Tampa, the exact point at
which seven regiments of infantry have
been ordered to mobilize within the
next few days, although there is no in
timation that the departure of the
Spanish colony is due to the concentra
tion of United States troops at Tampa.
The Spanish Minister had a compara
tively quiet Sunday, finding time to
take a drive with the Swedish Minis
ter, Mr. Crippe, the two having been
associated here in the diplomatic ser
vice twenty-five years ago. Senor Polo
y Bernabe received a number of dis
patches from Madrid, but they devolved
no new phases of the question, and did
not bear on the reports that Spain
would seek the good offices of the pow
ers in case the House resolutions be
come a law. No official information has
been received here a3 to the reported
negotiations with General Gomez to
ward his surrender, although there is
no disposition to discredit the report.
At the embassies and legations rep
resenting the six great powers of Eu
rope, the unusual activity of the last
three weeks was noticeably relaxed, as
it has now come to be accepted in these
quarters that there will be no action,
certainly none of a radical character,
toward mediation or intervention be
tween Spain and the United States.
NO ARMOR ON THREE
AUXILIARY CRUISERS.
Owing to Lack of Time the Yosemite,
Dixie and Yankee Will Not Be
Protected.
NEW YORK, April 17.— A Newport
News Va., special to the Herald says:
No armor will be placed on the auxil
iary cruisers YoEemite, Dixie and Yan
kee, formerly the steamers El Sud, El
Rio and El Norte of the Morgan line.
This decision was caused by the fact
that the vessels may be needed before
they can receive their armor. Their
main battery will consist of ten six
inch guns, five to a broadside and they
will also be equipped with secondary
batteries of breech-loading rifles. These
ships will be ready to leave here i a
few days. In orcer to prepare for ac
tion as soon as possible work on the
Kearsarge and Kentucky has been
practically suspended for the time be
ing. If rush orders should be received,
however, the battle-ships could be
completed in three or four months. The
hospital ship Sola will be ready for ser
vice Wednesday.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money If It falls to cur<>. 25c.
The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet..
has not been absolutely decided upon.
Something will depend upo the situa
tion as it appears when the final' re
ports are made to the Speaker in the
morning. The Speaker, however, will
hold that the resolutions as amended
do nor have to go to the committee,
but a motion to concur or njn-concur
is in order. This will bring the whole
question immediately before the House.
It has not yet been decided whether the
motion shall be to non-concur with a
request for a conference or to concur
with an amendment striking out the
recognition of independence, and per
happ makin other slight amendments
in the other sections of the Senate res
olution.
A majority of the Senal^ will give
very little attention to any other sub
ject unt.. the Cuban question is finally
disposed of in Con. ess. That body
having acted upon the resolutions of
independence and intervention the
question is not now properly before it.
but this is 1 1 such intense interest that
Senators wi continue to give it their
individual atte. tion until an adjust
ment with the House is secured. The
supporters of the Senate form of ex
pression are very hopeful that public
sentiment will compel the Ho se to ac
cept the Senate declaration, but they
know th^ the influential conservative
element is" against them and they real
ize that they may be disappointed in
the action of tin House. In that event
they are prepared to stand out against
a surender on the part of the Senate.
How long this determination will hold
remains 3 be developed, but the advo
cates of the recognition of Cuban inde
pendence refuse to be convinced that
any other course than its recognition is
tenable.
CHEERED THE
NATION'S FLAG
Patriotic Demonstration
by the People of
Santa Rosa.
Irving M. Scott Delivers an Ad
dress Upon American
Defenses.
Veterans and National Guards
Parade, and Enthusiasm Runs
* High.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROf V. April 17.— The City of
Roses was the scene of an enthusiastic
demonstration to-night, in which al
most the entire population participat
ed. The occasion of this outburst of
popular feeling was the presence in this
city of Hon. Irving M. Scott of fan
Francisco and the delivery of his stir
ring address, "America and Her De
fenses," illustrated with a powerful
stereopticon at the Athenaeum.
Mr. Scott was invited here some daya
ago by Grant O. Richards, the editor
of the Press-Democrat, as a sort of
object lesson to the people. As chair
man of the committee of citizens he ar
ranged a series of popular Sunday af
ternoon meetings to discuss what the
United States might be depended upon
to do in the way of defending herself in
case war should be declared. A big
crowd gathered in the neighborhood of
the Athenaeum and on the streets long
before the hour set for the doors to cc
thrown open.
At 7 o'clock Parks' Santa Rosa band
marched down the streets to the head
quarters of Company E, National
Guard of California, and to the tune of
"Marching Through Georgia" the boys
in blue marched to the headquarters of
Ellsworth Post, Grand Army of the Re
public, and escorted the gallant old
veterans to the theater, where special
seats had been reserved for them. As
thoy marched down the sireer3, the
gray-haired men who so nobly respond
ed to their country's call in '61, and the
gallant youths who soon may have to
follow their example, were cheered and
cheered again by the assembled multi
tude. Marching up the street to the
Grand Hotel the procession was joined
by Mr. Scott and the vice-presidents of
the meeting and then continued to the
Athenaeum.
As the veterans marched down the
aisle of the great auditorium those
present arose to give them a welcome.
Down the aisle they came, the band
playing "The Star-Spangled Banner,"
flaps waving the stars and stripes
showing on the big canvas screen.
Down the aisle they came, some with
one cane, some with two, some on
crutches, some with wooden legs, some
with empty sleeves pinned across their
breasts, but with their hoary heads
held high.
The meeting was called to order by
Mayor J. S. Sweet in an eloquent in
troductory address. After a patriotic
selection by the band Minnesota Mc-
Baln Thompson, the dramatic reader,
rendered a selection appropriate to the
occasion. Twice during her recitation
she was interrupted by the enthusiasm
of the audience at references made to
the country's flag, and at the conclu
sion of her selection the huge building,
packed as it was from pit to dome with
an audience wrought to the highest
pitch of enthusiasm, rang with deafen
ing applause.
After the applause had subsided
Mayor Sweet introduced Mr. Scott and
the lecture began. Throughout the
course of his remarks the speaker kept
the enthusiasm of the audience at the
highest i itch. His showing that it had
always been the policy of the Govern
ment to acquire territory when prac
ticable, even though not necessarily
contiguous, as in the case of Alaska,
■was enthusiastically cheered, and
every time the picture of a modern
warship was thrown upon the screen by
the operator the audience went wild.
The address was stirring and patri
otic and caught the spirit of the audi
ence. Every picture of the stars and
stripes was a signal for the wildest en
thusiasm.
Seated upon the stage with the
speaker were the following prominent
citizens, who acted as vice-presidents:
Mayor James S. Sweet, .chairman;
SPANIARDS DEPART
TO CONFER WITH
THE INSURGENTS
But It Remains to Be Seen Whether the Strug
gling Patriots Will Quit Fighting Even
for a Day.
Copyrighted, IS9B. by James Gordon Eennett.
HAVANA, April 17.— This morning the committee appointed to ron
fer with the rebels left for Santa Cruz in a train on the Batabano- line.
The committee is formed of Senor Dolse, representative of the Colo
nial Government, Senors Giberga, Leopoldo Sola and Trancisco Rabel,
the latter representing the Radical Autonomists. Many relatives of
members of the rebel Governmen-t gave a farewell to the committee.
Some who recently were converted Into autonomism accompanied the
committee as far as Cienaga station, the nearest one to Havana. Mar
quis Rabel and Senor Nicholas Rivera were on the train. The editor
of a Havana newspaper shouted: "Till we see you again, long live
Spain, with honor!" Members of the committee, uncovering their
heads, replied: "Long live Spain, with honcrr!"
Juan Ramirez, a colonel in ■> previous war, left on the same train
with Senor Ramon Pastor, a Catalonian belonging to the Liberal par
ty and a wealthy man of Manzanillo. Both went to Manzanillo. The
cars of the train in which thf committee went are painted green. This
color stands for hope. The committee enthusiastically looks for suc
cess. They trust also to the influence of Fluriach, a rich merchant in
Santa Cruz, and on the good sense of those in the field. Weapons for
volunteers have arrived in Havana. The steamer Viliaverde left for
Mexico crowded with high society persons, among them being i'.ie wife
and children of Senor Bruzon, Governor of Havana. No elections were
held to-day. They will tak( place next Sunday. The Herald desires to
state that its news published under Havana date is from Spanish
sources, owing to the fact that all American correspondents -c
obliged to leave Havana with Consul-General Lee. Such news must be
taken with the reservation that this explanation suggests.
S3 -:--:/ J ' -n «n mo «c«o ma •- *^ .-, -r, ~ '*
S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S*S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 SS
James W. Oates, L. W. Juillard, O. O.
Webber, Emmet Seawell, Somers B.
Fulton, William F. Wines, W. J. Stead
man, Robert Ross.
At the conclusion of the address the
entire audience joined in singing
"America," and as the mighty waves
of sound rolled upward the strains were
echoed by the waiting throngs outside.
QUIET SABBATH AT
THE NATIONS CAPITAL
For the First Time in Weeks the
President Finds Time to At
tend Church.
WASHINGTON, April 17.— To-day
was exceptionally quiet in official cir
cles, and on the surface at least there
were no new developments in the Span
ish situation. The reports of yester
day's action by the Senate were an ab
sorbing subject of discussion and the
probability of what the House will do
was uppermost in everyone's mind.
For the first time in several weeks
the President was able to devote Sun
day almost entirely to himself and to
resume his church-going, which had
been interrupted by the important Sun
day conferences with the members of
the Cabinet. In company with Mrs.
McKinley and some friends the Presi
dent this afternoon went for a long
drive, thoroughly enjoying the country
scenery which, because of the advance
of spring-like weather, has begun to
put on its summer dress. Assistant
Secretary Day was at the White House
for a short time in the morning and
saw the President. Vice-President Ho
bart and Postmaster-General Gary
also called while the President was at
church.
In the War and Navy Departments
there was also lacking that evidence
of activity and rush which has charac
terized them for so many Sundays past.
In the War Department Adjutant-Gen
eral Corbin was at his df-sk for a short
time in the morning. He said there
had been no changes in the details for
the mobilization of troops announced
some days ago, nor any important as
signments of officers. The proposals
from railroads for the transporting of
troops from the various places where
they are now located will be opened to
morrow, and the expectation is that the
Boldiers in many instances will begin
their journeys on the same day.
SHORE LEAVE DENIED
SAILORS AND MARINES.
Commodore Schley Keeps His Men
Aboard the Ship 3of the
Flying Squadron.
FORT MONROE. Va., April 17.—
Commodore Schley's ships had a very
quiet Sunday. There was nothing do
ing on the flagship, the Columbia or
the Minneapolis. The Texas and Mas
sachusetts finished coaling and in the
afternoon the Massachusetts shifted
her anchorage, because she was a little
too close to the Minneapolis. Shore
leave was not allowed the men, but this
afternoon there were several visiting
parties among the ships and some of
the men went aboard the training ship
Alliance for a friendly call.
The "Wampatuck, Lieutenant Carl
Jungen, who was on the Maine, in com
mand, and the Uncas, Lieutenant Brai
nard, just detached from the Brooklyn,
passed up to Norfolk this afternoon
and the torpedo boat Rodgers went out
for a trial.
BATTLE-SHIP ALABAMA
TO BE LAUNCHED IN MAY
Daughter of United States Senator
Morgan Will Christen the
Vessel.
PHILADELPHIA, April 17.— 1t was
learned here to-day that May 18 has
been fixed as the date for the launch
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales over 6,000,000 Boxes
FOE BILIOUS AND NE2VOUB DISORDERS
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach.
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness, Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costiveness."
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frlchtful Dreams and all
Nervous and . Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
: BEECIIAM'S ; PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure Sick Headache* for a
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have tha
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In the World.
•;. 25c. at all Drug Stores.
' ins Ot the United States battle-ship
| Alabama, in course of construction at
| Cramp's shipyards. Miss Morgan.
| daughter of United States Senator Mbr
| gan, will, it is stated, christen the ship
; named in honor of her native State.
The Alabama will be the first in th«
v^ater of the three big battle-ships con
tracted for in October, 1896. The ther
two — the Wisconsin and Illinois — are
being built respectively at San Fran-
I Cisco and Newport News. All three are
< pVecisely alike. The Alabama's V. el
was laid in November, 1896, and work
on her has been considerably delayed
| because of the complication that arose
over the question of the price th ■ <;nv.
ernment should pay for armor-plate.
■ This matter is likely to be settled
speedily now, as the bill providing for
the payment of $400 a ton for armor
i plate has passed the House, and is now
j pending in the Senate. In all 8000 tons
of armor will be required for the three
battle-sh.ps, including ballastic plates,
bolts and other necessary harveyized
steel appurtenances.
In Germany and Hoi and pirls are
chosen in preference to young' men in all
occupations where they can be advan
tageously employed.
PROTECT
In all you do you are ever looking
. out for what is best for your own
material interests. Why not look out
for your health once in a while ?
Why not be manly? Why not be
able to say to all men on earth, " I
am your equal in all essentials?"
You say you cannot because you are
puny. Admitting that you are, why
do you remain puny? Vitality it is
easy to restore — it you know how.
One thing in the world, and one
thing alone, does it unfailingly.
That one thing is "Hudyan." And
"Hudyan" protects your strength
even when you have it in a high
degree. Are you strong?
A clear brain when you wake in the
morning; a firm determination to be
a man in every sense of the word;
a feeling of faith in your own pow-
ers — is what "Hudyan" brings.
That is worth counting on every day
in the week, and the pleasure may
be yours. You ask, Has "Hudyan"
done this for any man? It has —
for 20,000. Circulars and testimo-
nials showing you the truth of this
statement are gladly mailed to you
free of all charge. If you are ill in
any way ask for free medical advice.
You will get it very promptly, and
it will be the best that can be had
on earth.
Sometimes a small copper-colored
spot will indicate some form of
blood poison. Pimples and ulcers
are produced by blood taint too.
"30-day, blood cure" eradicates ail
taint. Circulars telling you just how
quickly and how surely it operates
are yours for the asking. You can
have your blood purified, and whilst
doing so you can regain your
STRENGTH
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS BTB.,
' San Francisco. .
IKS
9
The second Installment of real estate taxes
will be delinquent April 25, at 6 p. m., after
which 5 per cent, will be added. ; . ■.
The office will be open from 7 to 9 p. m. on
April 23. / ' .*'.
SATURDAY, April 16, positively last day for
receiving checks. JAMES N. BLOCK, -
Tax Collector.
San Francisco, April 14. IS9B.
t visit DR. JORDAN'S «S8
j£fL Museum of Anatomy
jK|S\ JCSI IiAEZIT st. tot ea * ?a, S. F. c*l
a 5 fi| • The Largeit of In k lnd in tli« World. ■
1 Jsi&\ DR. JORDAN— Diseases.
Ccnsuka'.ioa free. TVrii* for D»ofc \
Wl\ Philosophy of Marriage.
O U HAILED FRET.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. '.THH
great Mexican Remedy; gives health aa4
•uength to the sexual organ*.BRINGS AN
APPEAL FOR
PROVISIONS
Third Mate Walker
of the Orca Ar
rives in Seattle.
Left the Icebound Fleet of
Whalers Early in
November.
Journeyed Across Arctic Wilds
to Request Aid of the
Vessels' Owners.
FOOD SUPPLIES NEEDED.
When Ho Departed the Crows Were
Living on a Pound of Bread
a Day Each,
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SEATTLE, April 17.— Charles H.
Walker, the third mate of the Orca,
one of the icebound whaling vessels
now In the Arctic waters, arrived in
Seattle to-night. His experience has
been somewhat similar to that of Third
Mate Tllton of the whaler Belvedere,
who made the hazardous trip overland
from the frozen north, arriving two
weeks ago. Walker started from Point
Barrow with a uog team on November
L The hardest part of the trip was
the 680 miles along- the shore line of the
Arctic Ocean to Herschel Island, near
the mouth of the M ickenzie River.
Walker brings advices from the ice
bound lleet both at Point Barrow and
to the eastward. He reports that the
crews will have sufficient food to last
them until the ice breaks up, if they
practice the utmost care and almost
starvation In the consuming of their
limited sir ly. However, he brings an
appeal from the captains of the vari
ous vessels to their owner, the Pacific
Steam WhPling Company, that provis
ions be sent north at the earliest mo
ment. In an interview to-night at his
Lw,me in Seattle, Mr. Walker said:
"There were IS6 people at Point Bar- !
row or on ships near there when I left
on November 1. They had but 400 bar
rels of flour left, after having lived
chiefly on one pound of bread a day i
up to that time. The supply of short
meat and canned goods was very limit
ed. Indians had brought in some fresh
meat, but not in any great quantity, j
The whalers believed that there would
be enough to keen them alive until j
July L The men are quartered in two '
cabins, kept warm with plenty of fuel
consumed in two stoves. When awake
the men spend the long hours in play
ing cards, chess and checkers.
"The only whaling vessel at Point
Barrow is the schooner Rosario, which
was beached before the ice formed.
The Orca was crushed in the ice pack
off Point Franklin, about sixty-five
miles west of Point Barrow, while the
Freeman burned and sank in the same
nity. The steamer Newport and
the steam bark Fearless are ninety-five
miles off Tangent Point, ninety-five
miles east of Point Barrow. The ten
der Genie is still further east, near Pitt
Point. The Belvedere is at Sea Horse
Island and will get out all right. The
steam whalers Balaena, Grampus, Nar
whal and Beluge are at aßiley Island,
with their crews ( n board.
"All «>f these latter vessels are in safe
anchorages. Those near Bailey Island
have plenty of supplies and can get
more from Herschel Island, where the
company has provisions. The crews of
the Genie, Fearless and Newport will
probably go t<> Point Barrow. I figured
them in the 168 that I mentioned. The
bark Wanderer and the steam schooner
Mary D. Hume are safe at Herschel
Island. The Jesse H. Freeman and my
ship, the Orca, were lost early in the
•winter.
"After several consultations the cap
tains of the various vessels decided
that they had better establish a perma
nent camp at Point Barrow. Eight men
■were left on board the Belevdere at Sea
Horse, and the remainder went to the
mainland with the crews of the Orca
and Freeman. They then followed the
shore line to Point Barrow. From the
Freeman there were forty-five officers
and men and from the Orca fifty-four.
From the Belvedere twenty went to
Point Barrow. Considerable provisions
were taken along from this vessel.
"The Rosario succeeded in working
her way to the beach and we found
her crew at the Point. The crews of
the Fearless, Genie and Newport were
still on board their vessels, but ex
pected to cc-me to Point Barrow with
thoir provisions."
Mr. Walker says he made the trip out
at the solicitation of William Drynen,
who was in charge of the finances of the
company, and realized the importance
of the officials at San Francisco being
informed of their condition. Mate Til
ton had started a couple of weeks pre
vious via Point Hope, but it was feared
he would never reach the southern
coast. When Walker volunteered to
undertake the hazardous trip it. was
decided that he should go via the,.east
ern route to Herschel Island: then up
the Mackenzie and down the Atha
baska River. He thus describes his ex
perlen
"I selected five dogs frcm the big
pack at Point Barrow and finally en
gaged two Indians to accompany me.
We took but a small supply of bread
and canned goods, hoping to kill suffi
cient game to subsist on until we could
reach Herschel Island, where there
were plenty of supplies reported. We
kept to the coast line and made but
slow progress, as there was consider
able snow. The last three days be
fore reaching Herschel we were prac
tically without food, but pushed on
blindly through the snow. We were
about exhausted when we arrived off
the Island on November 22. The worst
part of the trip was over, but it had
been a terrible strain, and we were all
worn out.
"We were well taken care of at Her
schel. at which station there are three
years' supplies of provisions. We re
mained there until December 16. Bliz
zards and snow prevented our starting
earlier. We started with plenty of pro
visions and it was thought best that
we go up the Peel River to Port Mc-
Phers.in. This distance of 450 miles we
coveted in sixteen days. At the fort I
sent >ack the two Indians with one
dog team and continued on alone. I had
letters to the Hudson Bay Company
agents and procured provisions at the
various posts.
"From Fort McPherson I went across
the trail :>,OO miles to old Fort Goodhope,
on the Mackenzie River. This was a
terrible Journey, but I soon pushed on
to Fort Norman, 200 miles up the river,
and made it In nine days. In eight
days more I was at Fort Higley, 180
miles beyond. I then wen on to Fort
Simpson and to Fort Providence, the
last post on the Mackenzie. I went up
the frozen Athabaska more rapidly,
and finally reached Edmonton, where I
left my dog team and came on to Seat
tle by rail."
Walker r|ns lived in Seattle for sev
eral years. Before going North on the
whaling ship he was in command of
several small Joats operated by a local
mill company.
DON CARLOS DECLARES
SPAIN HAS BLUNDERED.
Should Have Landed an Army and
Captured the United States
a Year Ago.
VENICE. April 17.— Don Carlos, in an
interview here which is mainly a repe
tition of his manifesto, declared that
Spain had mismanaged the Cuban diffi
culties from the first.
"She should have sought a casua
belli a rear ago," he said, "when the
United States was unprepared, and
should have had courage to bombard
New York and to disembark troops
upon the coast of Florida
"The United States would have then
given way. If Spain were now to be
vanquished. Cuba would share the fate
of California and Texas and be ab
sorbed by the Anglo-Saxon element."
In reply to a question as to what
would happen to Spain after a disas
trous war, Don Carlos said:
"The future is in the hands of God.
but Spaniards would not be likely to
rebel against the Government which
had known how to vindicate the old
Castilian honor."
BURGLARS FRIGHTENED
BY A WOMAN'S SCREAM
Ransack a Sacramento Preacher's
House, but Leave Their Booty
Behind.
SACRAMENTO. April 17.— While Rev.
A. B. Banks was ministering to his flock
to-night two burglars entered his resi
dence at Twelfth and N streets and ran
sacked the two lower floor". They se
cured a lot of valuable silverware, which
they di.l up in bundles and then ascended
to the third floor, occupied by Mr. and
P. S. Boltz.
Mr. Bolts was at church, but his wife
had r»ot been feeling well and remained
at home. She heard a noise downstairs
and even heard the bell ring, but, sup
posing it was some one who had called
on Rev. Mr. Banks' family, she did not
answer the bell. When she heard persons
at her door, however. ?!.▼ asked who was
there and the burglars ordered her to
open the door. Instead she screamed
"Police:" and rang up the station by tel
ephone. At this the burglars ran down
stairs and left without their booty.
SECOND DEMONSTRATION
BY MALAGA RIOTERS.
Civic Guard Disperses a Spanish Mob
Gathered About the American
Consulate.
LONDON, April IS.— A special dis
patch from Madrid says there was an- ;
other hostile demonstration outside the '
American Consulate at Malaga on Sun
day afternoon. The civic guard dis- ,
persed the mob after repeated charges.
Three people wore injured. Most of the ;
, shops were closed.
JUDGE OVERTON'S FUNERAL.
All Santa Rosa Mourns the Death of
the Capitalist.
SANTA ROSA. April 17.— The funeral of
the late Judge A. P. Ovenon, president
of the Savings Bank of this city, was held
under Masonic auspices here this aftor-
noon. A large concourse of people gath
ered to pay a last tribute of respect to
the honored citizen, among them being
a number of prominent personages from
different parts of the State. Masonic
sen-ices w«.-re held at Masonic Hall, the
address being delivered by A. B. Ware,
!>;i_st master of the order and an intimate
associate of the deceased. The speaker
paid an eloquent tribute to his departed
friend, and many an eye was dim with
t< ars as he concluded his remarks.
The I'all bearers wore: A. W. Foster,
William Hill, M. Doyle. Con Shea. I. ■ ;.
Wickersham. Daniel Brown. Several
wagon loads of elegant floral pieces were
sint by friends from different parts of
the State, a ha'.f carload coming from
San Francisco alone.
EACING AT LOS ANGELES.
Agricultural Association Announces
a Fifteen-Days' Meeting.
LOS ANGELES, April 17.— The an-
nouncement by the California Jockey
Club that the proposed spring race meet
ing in this city has been abandoned has
caused the Agricultural Association to an
nounce a fall meeting- of fifteen days'
racing, Sundays out, commencing Octo
f'-r ti. The association has ordered the
secretary to open four stakes, to close
on June 1, with entrance at 5 per cent,
purses $1500 each for the 2:15 and 2:30
trots »Jid the 2:15 and 2:30 pacing. Large
purses will be offered for running races
also, and a new one-mile running track
will be built at Agricultural Park.
House Action Pleases Spain.
LONDON, April 18.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Morning Post claims
to know that if both Houses of Con
gress adopt the resolution which passed
the House of Representatives, Senor
Polo y Bernabe will not be recalled
from Washington, the Government be
lieving that the powers will still find
an issue for the difficulty.
Baron Fava Favors Peace,
ROME, April 17.— The Pungola Parlia
mentare publishes an interview with
Baron Fava, the Italian Minister to the
1 States, who will leave for Wash
ington next Thursday, in the course of
which he declares that he does not be
lieve there will be war. and that he con
siders tho possibility of action by the
pi.wers to stay the decision of Congress
as not excluded.
Spaniards Flee From Manila.
LONDON, April 17.— A special dis
patch from Singapore says that the
Spanish vessel Leo XIII from Manila
has arrived there crowded with Span
ish officials and well-to-C. Spanish
families, who are escaping from the re
bellion which is spreading rapidly in
the Philippines. They report that Ma- I
nlla is panic-stricken.
Favors Cuban Independence,
ROME, April 17.— Senor Bovie, chief
of the Republican group in the Cham
ber of Deputies, was invited to unveil
a bust to-day at the Roman Antonio
Maceo Club. He was unable to attend,
but he wrote a letter in favor of the
Cuban independence and defending the
action of the United States.
Mello Betrays Plotters.
Copyrißhtcd, 189 S. by James Gordon Rennett.
BUENOS AYRES. April 17.-From the
Herald's correspondent in Rio do Janeiro
I learn that the military conspiracy
against the Government has been frus
trated. Admiral Custodio Hello, who was
a prominent figure in the last revolution
in Rio de Janeiro, divulged the plot to
the Government.
Major McElderry Dead.
OMAHA. April 17.— Major Henry Mc-
Elderry, chief of the Department of Mis
souri, died to-day at Hot Springs. Ark.,
of Bright's disease. Dr. McElderry has
teen ill but a short time, lie was married
about si>. weeks ago at Baltimore to a
yjung woman of that city.
Spanish Warships Sighted.
LONDON, April 17.— The Spanish
warship Barcelona passed Dover at 1:35
o'clock this moraine:, bound west.
THE SA^?, FKAXCISCO CALE, MONE^iT, APRIL 18, 1898.
CANDIDATES FOR COMMANDER.
F-W.CusrwNe.
Two of trje Most Prominent Aspirants for H*gb Honors at tf)e Hands
of the G. A. R.
THE annual encampment of the Grand Army of the Re
public, Department of California and Nevada, will con
vene at Nevada City to-morrow.
San Diego will probably be designated as the place
for holding the encampment for ISO 9. It is generally
understood in Grand Army posts that San Francisco will
entertain the veterans in 1900.
There are four candidates this year for department com
mander-Comrades Stone, Cushing, Seamans and Kohn. The
indications at present are that the contest will narrow down to
George Stone of George H. Thomas Post, San Francisco, and
Frank W. Gushing of Admiral D. D. Porter Post, Oakland. It
is possible, however, that readjustment of forces may be made
that will advance either Kohn or Seamans.
Colonel George Stone is a well-known citizen of San Fran
cisco, who gained his title on the field. He served one term as
president of the Union League Club of California.
In June, 186 L, when he was 18 years of age. Comrade Stone
enlisted, at the call of President Lincoln, in the Third New
York Cavalry. He waa promoted to sergeant in September.
I lieutenant in December, first lieutenant Fourteenth New
York Cavalry, June 16. 1863, and lientenant-colonel Ninety-third
Regiment, U. S. Volunteers, in December, 1863. H>- resigned as
lieutenant-colonel In February. 1 s; -t- and returned to the Four
'i New York Cavalry as first lieutem i I
He was taken prisoner at Pleasant Hill. La., during Hanks'
Red River campaign and was exchanged November, ls^. Sub
sequently he was appointed captain in the Nineteenth New
York Cavalry and served until May 31, 1868. H<- participated in
the engagements of Edwards Ferry, Hails Bluffs, fJerryville
Winchester, Va. , Trent River. Kins ton, Tarboro, Goldboro
and Washington, N. C. and Greenville and Summit, Miss. He
was in all of the engagements of the Red River Ci>mnalgn up
to Pleasant Hill. He was In command of the headquarters"
guard and patrol during the riots in New York City, July 1863
He was publicly thanked by the commanding general of the
Department of North Carolina for meritorious conduct at the
battle of Kinston.
DurinK five years of service Comrade Stone was on thp
ptnffs of Generals Stone, T. P. Sherman, Banks. Hurlnurt'
Canby, Lucas and Merritt. During the last year of service h >
was in command of the arsenal at San Antonio, Texas When
the Ninety-third U. S. Volunteers was ordered Into garrison
GATHERING OF
THE VETERANS
Advance Guard Already
Ensconced at Ne
vada City.
Five Hundred Old Soldiers Are
Expected to Arrive
To- Day.
Will B« Mot atColl'ex by a Reception
Committee With a Special
Train.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEVADA CITY, April 17.— T0-day
seemed like anything but Sunday in the
Queen City of the Sierras All was
bustle and hurry from sunrise to dark
in preparing for the Grand Army of
the Republic and auxiliary organiza
tions which will come 500 strong to
morrow evening, to remain until Sat
urday. By noon to-morrow it is ex
pected the decorations will all be in
place and then the reception committee
of fifty will leave on a special train
of twelve cars and two engines to bring
the visitors from Colfax, over the line
of the Nevada County Narrow-gauge
The train on its arrival will be met at
the station by Chattanooga Post,
headed by Goyne's band. Salutes will
be fired and bells rung in welcome of
the guests.
To-night's train brought a number
of delegates, among them Mrs. E. H.
Waggoner, junior department vice
president of the Ladies' Grand Army
of the Republic of California and Ne
vada. She belongs to Roby Circle,
Sacramento, and reports that at least
ISO delegates will be here from the
thirty-seven circles of this one organi
zation.
Captain Albert Brown, past comman
der of Garfleld Post, San Francisco, is
another early arrival. He comes now
from the Veterans' Home at Yount
ville. He organized a company of cav
alry at Santa Cruz in 1861, and with the
Second Regiment, California Cavalry,
which he for a time commanded, was
stationed with General Connor on the
plains from 1862 to 1866, holding the
Indians and Mormons in check.
Captain D. W. Jenks of Alturas, who
came this evening, reports that every
town he passed through on the way
from the north will be represented at
the encampment. He says the main in
terest of the Grand Army encampment
will center in the fight for department
commander. Colonel George Stone of
San Francisco and Frank Cushing of
Oakland are the most prominently
mentioned. Last year Veteran Cush
ing was in the race and was beaten by
General Chipman.
RISING WATERS WRECK
A PASSENGER TRAIN
OMAHA, April 17.— A heavy rain and
hail storm visited eastern Nebraska this
afternoon, doing much damage. In some
places as much as three inches of water
fell in an hour. At Louisville, Neb., 500
feet of the Rock Island main line were
washed out, derailing an eastbound pas
senger train. The engine and baggage
car were demolished, but' no one was
seriously hurt.
Comrade Stone, who preferred field service, resigned and was
again commissioned in his old regiment, the Fourteenth New
York Cavalry.
Comrade Frank "W. dishing enlisted April 20, 1861, when
only 17 years of age, under the first call of President Lincoln
for 75,000 volunteers. The enlistments, however, were so
spontaneous and in such large numbers that tne company to
which he belonged could find no place in a three months' reg
iment. Nine other companies of the sons of Illinois In a similar
predicament, together with the first mentioned company, were
ordered by Governor Yates to rendezvous at Dlxon, 111., to
await the further action of the Government. Early in May,
1861, the call for 300,000 was issued by our martyr President, and
this regiment was the first from Illinois under the call for
volunteers. It was numbered the Thirteenth Inrantry and was
must, into service by Captain John Pope, U. S. A., after
ward major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac.
Colonel John B. Wyman was the commanding officer of the
regiment up to the time of the disastrous charge at Chickasaw
Bayou, Vicksburg, Miss., where the bullet from the gun of a
rebel sharpshooter ended the earthly career of as brave and
popular commander as ever drew a sword.
This- regiment participated in all the long, wearisome
marches in Missouri and Arkansas, and was part of General
Curtis lost army that started for Little Rock and for a period
of three months was beyond recall in "darkest Arkansas i This
march covered a distance of 1200 miles
Comrade Cushlng participated in all the battles that re
sulted in the capitulation of Vicksburg and in the battles of
Tuscumbla, Lookout Mountain. Missionary Ridge and Ring
gold. This regiment left Illinois with 1000 men. and from time
to time 200 recruits were added, but at the final muster rmt
June 18, ISM, only 300 comrades answered "here " mUSter out>
. i? n ? &''?; 1 " a^ c L a t th annual encampment of the G. A. R
held at Salinas. Comrade Cushing was a candidate for depart
ment commander, and notwithstanding the prestige of Gen
eral N. P. Chipman. received a flattering vote and the assur
ance from many prominent comrades that while they did not
at^vUaTifv K^™ he C ° Uld e *P ect th'i'r heany sTpporl
STORED GRAIN
LOST BY FIRE
Explosion at the Hoosac
Tunnel Docks at
Charlestown.
Four Hundred Thousand Bush
eis of Wheat and Other
Cereals Destroyed.
Buildings In Boston Shaken and
People Awakened From Their
Slumber*.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, April 17.— The roof of the
grrain elevator at Hoosac Tunnel Docks,
Charlestown, was blown completely off
by a dust explosion at 4 o'clock this
morning. The fire that followed not
only destroyed the remaining portion
of the immense structure, but con
sumed nearly the entire contents, over
400,000 bushels of grain, mostly wheat.
The steamer Cambroman, which had
just finished loading at the dock, was
towed out without difficulty, but some
of the small tenements adjoining and a
building used as a distillery for Chapin
& Trull were damaged more or less by
the debris from the roof. The loss is
estimated by fire underwriters at near
ly $700,000, well covered by insurance.
The explosion not only shook the en
tire section of Charlestown, but was
noticeably felt in the city proper and
many of the suburbs. Coming at such
an early hour the tremendous jar
aroused half the city. Three-quarters
of the fire department, including the
two horseless engines and fire boats,
were soon massed in the immediate vi
cinity.
When the first firemen arrived they
found some of the streets impassable,
for portions of the roof were lying in
every direction. Great timbers had
been blown a hundred feet in the air
by the force of the explosion, and many
of the upper stories of neighboring
property were crushed and pierced by
the great beams. The fire burned
fiercely for nearly four hours, and
when It was extinguished there was
only a shell of the structure left, while
bursting from every side were tons and !
tons of wheat and oats.
Much of the gTain fell through the
pier to the dock, while practically the
whole was so thoroughly soaked with
water that the loss was complete.
The grain was valued at about $400,
000. The loss on the structure Is $100,
000, and the damage to the pier and
adjoining property is about $50,000.
ONE MILLION ACRES
YET OPEN TO ENTRY.
Fine Grazing Land in Monterey-
County Which the Government
Still Owns.
MONTEREY, April 17.-Monterey Coun
ty has, according to a report just made
hy the United States land office in San
Francisco, nearly 1,000,000 acres of land
yet open to entry. Much of this is un
surveyed, and very little is sufficiently
forel to be suitable for farming, but most
of it is fine grazing land. It is supposed
the past dry winter has greatly damaged
this natural pasturage.
During the year 1897 Monterey County
furnished more original entries for land
than any other portion of the State.
6E-2RGE: -STONED
EDITORS VISIT
PASO ROBLES
Outing of the California
Press Association
Members.
Royally Entertained by the
Hospitable People of
the Town.
Various Forms of Amusement Pro
vided lor the Delectation of
Invading Scribes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASO ROBLES, April 17.— The Call
' fornia Press Association, numbering
about eighty, arrived in this city on a
j special train on Friday afternoon,
many of the members being accompa
! nied by their families. In the evening
a grand ball was given in their honor
at El Paso de Robles Hotel. A banquet
was served at midnight.
Yesterday the editors were taken on
drives, and visited all the noints of in
terest in this vicinity, among which
i are the Santa Ysabel Springs, two miles
' east of this city, and the Old Spanish
; Mission at San Miguel. Many attend
; ed picnics, while others witnessed the
i bicycle races and sports, which con
i tinued through the day. In the even
ing a concert was given In the assem
: bly hall in the* High School building.
The visitors left for the north on a
I special train this morning.
WAR MUNITIONS FOR
OMAHA'S EXPOSITION.
I OMAHA, April 17.— The preparations for
war have not interfered with the work
of the United States Government com
i mission for the trans-Mississippi Exposi
tion. Car>ain. C. Ward, United States
I Array, the representative of the board of
i management of the Government exhibits
i has received notice that a portion of the
War Department exhibit has been ship
ped and will arrive at Omaha within a
few days. Some of the material included
in this' shipment would be of peculiar
Intel est. being torpedoes of various kinds,
and ground mines similar to the Instru
ment of destruction which caused the
wrecking of the Maine. These exhibits
are shipped from the Army War College
at Willetts Point and Include, in addi
tion to the mines and torpedoes, models
of engineering works of various kinds,
models of mortar batteries, a model of
Key West harbor, about which consid
erable interest is now centering, a model
of a depression gun battery, a model of
the American lock at Sault Ste. Marie,
the largest canal lock in the world, etc.
The shipment also includes a miscel
laneous collection of small arms, includ
ing specimens of the antique as well as
the most improved modern instruments of
warfare.
Two cars ot material for the exhibit of
the fish commission are in me city and
will be shipped to the exposition grounds
immediately. These contain exhibits In
cluding models, fishing apparatus, casts,
stuffed specimens, etc.
The Nahant at New York.
NEW YORK, April 17.— The monitor
Nahant arrived early this morning
from Philadelphia and anchored off
Tompkinsville, S. I. The Nahant left
League Island on the loth and was
towed to this port by a tug. She Is
manned mostly by the naval reserves.
SANTA CRUZ
METHODISTS
CELEBRATE
Golden Jubilee Opens
With a Praise
Service.
Songs of Zion Sung by
Men JLaden With
Years.
Elihu Anthony, First Pastor of
the Church, Talks of
Early Days.
MOTHER HEACOX PRESENT
Crossed the Plains in 1846 and Is
the Oldest Member of the
Congregation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, April 17.— This has
been a golden day In the history of
Santa Cruz Methodists, and, it might
be said, in the history of Methodism of
the State. The. golden jubilee of Santa.
Cruz Church is being celebrated. The
class of twelve Methodists who banded
together for the cause of Christ in tho
pinoeer days of 1848 builded better than
they knew. The church which they
founded has grown until it numbers
over 400 communicants, and is leading
and aggressive in all good works.
There was almost one continual meet
ing of prayer and praise in the church
from 9 o'clock this morning until eve:i
ing. Th.^ edifice presents a very fine
appearanc*?, the young people having
decorate 1 :t elegantly for the occasicm.
Above the alcove back of the pulDlt
are golden figures "48-98"; ivy is fes
tooned above the choir loft and around
the entire interior. The gulden col
ored Lady Banksia and Beauty of Gla
zenwood roses have been used in profu
sion. The chancel is a bower of beauty,
a mass of ferns and flowers.
Among the visitors who have already
arrived to take part in the exercises
are Bishop William Taylor, who as
sisted in the dedication of the first
building of the Santa Cruz church in
1850; Rev. J. D. Hammond'of the Meth
odist Book Concern of San Francisco;
Dr. Eli McClish, president of the Uni
versity of the Pacific, College Park;
Rev. W. S. Matthews, editor of the
Christian Advocate; Rev. M. C. Briggs
of San Jose; Rev. Alfred Higby of San
Francisco, who was pastor of the
church from 1856 to 1866; Rev. P. G.
Buchanan, from 1855 to 1856; Rev. "Wes
ley Peck, Los Gatos, 1876 to 1878; Rev.
J. L. Trefren, Oakland, 1878 to 1S81;
Rev. J. W. Bryant, 1884 to 1887. More
will arrive to-morrow.
At 9 o'clock this morning the golden
jubilee opened with an old-fashioned
Methodist love feast. It was held in I
the church partlors, and they were
crowded to the doors. It was an im
pressive sight, the old and young as
sembling at this service. The leader
was the beloved and venerable Bishop
William Taylor, the patriarch of Meth
odism, who in the fifties was known as
a street preacher of San Francisco, but
who for the greater part of his life has
been one of the most renowned mis
sionaries of the world, having been sta
tioned in Africa. The old songs of Zion
were sung and found a responsive
chord in the hearts of all present. The
Bishop spoke briefly on the verse, "Bless
the Lord, O my soul, and all that is
within me bless his holy name," from
Psalms, and this was the keynote of the
meeting throughout. The stewards of j
the church distributed the elements j
typifying fellowship— bread and water
— and then for an hour veterans of the
church gave testimony. Nearly every
one who spoke had reached a good old
age. It was an impressive hour.
Ellhu Anthony, the first pastor, and
Mother Heacox, the oldest member of
the church, who crossed the plains and
arrived in Santa Cruz in 1546, spoke
with much feeling. Then there were
Pastors Briggs, who labored with
Bishop Taylor in early days; Mrs. M.
C. Briggs, who was the only mother
present who had the honor of having
a son as pastor of Santa Cruz Church;
Pastors Higby and Buchanan, Bryant,
Trefren and Peck, whose reminiscences
were all interesting and Inspiring. The
time for closing came only too soon.
When the time for the morning serv
ice arrived the church was crowded to
the doors. Chairs were placed in all
the aisles and many stood throughout.
The pastor, Rev. Thomas Filben, was \
in charge. Seated on the platform was
the first pastor, Rev. Elihu Anthony,
and visiting clergymen. The services
opened with the doxology, followed by j
repeating of Apostles' Creed. An an- j
them was sung by the choir, Rev. J. L. i
Trefren of Oakland offered prayer I
and the scripture was read by Rev. J.
W. Bryant of Salinas. Bishop Taylor
gave a couple of interesting reminiscen
ces of his work in Africa. A very fine
tenor solo, "Angels Around the
Throne," was sung by Walter An- j
thony.
The jubilee sermon by Dr. Eli Mc-
Clish of the University of the Pacific
was one of the grandest ever heard in '
this city. He read for his lesson the !
account" of the transfiguration, as given |
by Saint Matthew. The sermon was
eloquent and at times brought the en
tire audience to tears. At its close a :
number of young people united with the I
church on probation.
Sunday school followed. At 3 o'clock i
there was a "sunset" meeting for per- |
sons over 50 years of age. It was led i
by F. D. Bennett. Here, for an hour '
and a half, testimonials and prayers. !
were offered by persons who had passed
their jubilee year in life. The univer
sal testimony was, "It is good to be
here."
At 6:30 o'clock the parlors were
crowded to the doors at the young peo
ple's rally, led by Frank L. Heath. A
large congregation at night listened to
a treatise form of sermon from Rev.
W. S. Matthews of San Francisco.
To-morrow ni^ht Rev. Eli Anthony
will be honorary chairman and Judge
Storey will preside. It will be an even
ing of congratulations and reminiscence
also. Mayor Clark will speak and all
old pastors will have a few words. Tt
will conclude with a reception in the
church parlors.
No News of the Pelican.
VICTORIA, April 17.— Officials of the
Northern Pacific Steamship Company
have issued a statement to the effect that
the boat seen by the ship Falkirk on its
voyage from Yokohama, reported to be
one of the boats of the misSlnt steam
sh . Pelican, did not belong to that ves
sel. No news has been received from the
Pelican since it sailed from Port Town
send for Tientsin six months ago.
THIRTEEN
VICTIMS OF
A VENDETTA
Battle Between Two
Warring Kentucky
Families.
Ten Killed in a Combat
Following Three
Murders.
Feud Begun But a Few Days
Ago Waged With Awful
Bitterness.
HOWARDS VERSUS BAKERS
Prominent Men Engage In Deadly
Strife Over a Business
Transaction.
Special Dispatch to The Call. ~~* ""'
BARBOURVILLE. Ky., April 17.—
News of another fatal fight between
the Howards and the Bakers in Clay-
County has reached here. Ance Baker
and his brother Al, who were accused
of the murder of Wilkes Howard and a,
man named Stow, were under arrest,
but were guarded by friends and es
caped two nights ago. The Howards
organized a party to follow r them, when
the Bakers were overtaken they turned
and fought. The information is that
ten men were killed and thre«
wounded, but the names of none wer«
learned.
The feud betwen the Howards and
the Bakers Is only about ten days old,
and if the report is true that ten were
killed yesterday the record so far In
cludes thirteen killed and four wound
ed. These two families w T ere friendly up
to a couple of weeks ago, when trouble
arose over a business transaction.
Shortly afterward A. B. Howard, ex-
Sheriff of Clay County, his son Wilkes
and a laborer were ambushed two milea
from Coldion store. Wilkes Howard
and the laborer were killed, while the
elder Howard escaped with a wound
in his shoulder.
On the day following "Jim" Howard,
Assessor of Clay County and brother
of W T ilkes Howard, stopped at Coldion
store. In the meantime G. W. Baker,
father of the Baker boys and an ex-
County Attorney, heard that his sons
had been accused of the shooting. He
reached Coldion store about an hour
after Howard got there. Howard
walked out of the store and shot and
killed Baker. He then jumped on a
horse and escaped to Nelson County,
where he is now.
The Bakers refused to be arrested
unless they were allowed to carry arms
and unless they were given a guard
composed of friends. These requests
were granted and a ffuard of a hundred
men are with the Bakers.
The parties to the feud all belong to
prominent families. The elder Baker,
who was killed by "Jim" Howard, had
been special Circuit Judge on different
occasions and was the father of A. W.
Baker, a prominent attorney of Man
chester and at one time a candidate
for Congress.
Young Thief Confesses.
MONTEREY, April 17.— A case of lar
ceny that occurred here Friday night, and
was attended by a good deal of mystery
has been cleared up and' one culprit ar
rested by City Marshal Wolter. Thomas
Doud's slaughter house was broken into
and a whole hog and several hundred
pounds of beef stolen. Doud suspected
young Joe Gregg, a boy lately returned
from Whittier Reform School, and ac
cused him. Gregg confessed and impli
cated Lutes VasQuez, a notorious ex
convict, and another man whose name
he refused to divulge. Gregg was arrested
last night and the Constable is now look
ing for Vasquez.
Winchell's Successor Named.
DENVER. April 17.— 1. W, Fisher, chief
clerk of the passenger department of the
Union Pacific, Denver and Gulf Railroad,
has been promoted by Receiver Trumbull
to succeed General Passenger Agent B.
L. Winchell, who goes to the St. Louis
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TWO GEATEFUL WOMEN
Bestored to Health by Lydla B.
Pinkham' 3 Vegetable Compound.
"Can Do My Own Work."
Mrs. Patrick Daneht,
West Winsted, Conn., writes:
"Dear Mrs. Pixkham:— lt is with
pleasure that I write to you of the
benefit I have derived from using your
wonderful Vegetable Compound. I \»«s
very ill, suffered with female weak-
ness and displacement of the womb.
"I could not sleep at night, had to walk
the floor, I suffered so with pain in my
side and small of my back. Was trou-
bled with bloating, and at times would
faint away; had a terrible pain in my
heart, a bad taste in my mouth all the
time and would vomit; butnow, thanks
to Mrs. Pinkham and her Vegetable
Compound, I feel well and sleep well,
can do my work without feeling tired;
do not bloat or have any trouble
whatever.
"I sincerely thank you for the good
advice you gave me and for what your
medicine has done for me."
"Cannot Pralao It Enough."
Miss Gertie Duxkix,
Franklin, Neb., writes:
" I suffered for some time with pain-
ful and irregular menstruation, falling
>f the womb and pain in the back. I
tried physicians, but found no relief.
" I was at last persuaded to try Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound,
md cannot praise it enough for what
:t has done for me. I feel like a new
person, and would not part with your
medicine. I have recommended it to
several of my friends."
LIQUOR HABIT OR DRUNKENNESS
CURED AT HOME. Full particulars, sealed.
Guaranteed Cure. Cheap. Address
ROYAL CHEMICAL, CO..
Box 406, Lima, O.
34
MONDAY APRIL 18, 1808
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts^ S. F
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS ...217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cent* a week- By mall $6 per year; per montlj
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL.7T ...One year, by mall, $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 906 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room IBS. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riftfta Hovao
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CfifCAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock.. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 22°' Market
street, corner Sixteenth, op«n until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 EleventJ)
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 930 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky street*, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSLMENTS.
Baldwin— "A Strangrer In New York :
Columbia — "Delmonleo's at 0 "
California— Melba In Grand Cpera to-morrow evening.
Alcazar— "The Strange Adventures of Miss Brown"
Morosco's— "The Diamond Breaker."
Tlvoli— "Slnbad the Sailor." ,
Tlvoll— Concert Thursday afternoon,
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Y. M. a A. Uall-"Tho Passion Play."
The Chutes-Zoo, Vaudeville. Wallace, "Untamable Lion."
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Pacific Coast Jockey Cluo. Inslesido-Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By N. E. Clark— This day, April 18, Turkish Rugs, at 106
Grant avenue at 2 o'clock.
By Yon Rheiu & Co.— Thursday, April 23, Eeal Estate, at 636
Market street, at J2 o'clock.
fIN EXHIBIT 0T OIAeW-
ASSURANCE is given that California's mineral
exhibit at the Omaha exposition will be ex
tensive and creditable. It is cheering to know
this, even if the State is not represented by the com
plete display in other respects it could easily and
profitably have made.
But while mining is important, the industry of
fruit-growing is not only this, but is constantly grow
ing. There are other States producing the precious
metals, but in the matter of fruit there is only one
California. The growers would find it to their inter
est to show to the thousands of visitors to the Trans-
Mississippi Exposition something of what can be pro
duced here from orchard and vine. There is no other
State in the Union capable of growing so many va
rieties of fruit or bringing them so close to perfection.
In the rush of other matters public enterprise has
failed. Now private enterprise would find the money
invested in sending a complete array of fruits, fresh,
preserved or made into wines and jellies, to demon
strate how completely California is able to meet the
demands of the market, well invested.
MONEY flSriflMED OF HIS JOB.
SENATOR MONEY of Mississippi seems to be
bogus. He does not have a genuine ring.
Going to Cuba as a representative of a yellow
journal was an indecent thing for him to do. Being
tied by contract to an unclean sheet was enough to
make him feel uncomfortable. He realized that he
had brought reproach upon the honorabl. body to
which he happens to belong, and naturahy was un
comfortable when he got back and found how people
felt about it. As a circulating medium he had not
proved acceptable.
Money resumed his old place as a guide of public
destiny. Another Senator remarked that Money had
been the commissioner of a certain journal. "You
are a liar," responded the affable Money, who seems
to have an inclination toward refined repartee. Here
the incident closed, nobody giving anybody a black
eye nor otherwise deporting himself in ways un
seemly.
Money did apologize later. This was well enough
as far as it went, .but Money did not resign. He owes
his constituents and the people at large at least this
consideration. Not every Senator can be a states
man, but the one who cannot be a gentleman ought
to be somewhere outside the halls of legislation.
We make no further suggestion to Money. If his
employer, Hearst, has no position for him, perhaps
the captaincy of a flatboat will be found open.
MURDERS NEVER SOLVED.
IF the files of the local papers were to be scanned
it would be found that the number of murders re
corded there and then forgotten is most startling.
When there is a sensational case like that of
Eugene Ware, when girls are found dead in the house
of worship, there is detective activity and possibly a
solution of the mystery.
But suppose the victim of the assassin to be a
stranger, a man without money, friends or position.
There is a record that he has been found dead, and
there is nothing more. The local columns of yester
day told of a sojourner whose lifeless body was dis
covered at a cheap lodging-house. He had not left
much, but he was known to have been accompanied
to the place by a woman, and a memorandum by his
bedside announced that he had been robbed. The
woman had disappeared. Her identity is unknown.
Probably it will always be unknown.
A few months ago a man who kept a shooting
gallery on Kearny street was shot. Three bullets
from a single-barreled pistol had entered his brain.
Who was the criminal? Who cares who may have
been the criminal? It is evident that the police sys
tem is sadly short of perfection. If a murderer can
be promptly brought to light there is a tendency to
bring him. If he can't, the matter drops. But there
is a tolerable certainty of a new murder to engross
public attention.
It is really a comfort to learn that the Texas is in
good fighting trim for an engagement at sea. The
necessity had almost seemed to suggest itself of let
ting her stay ashore the next time she got there and
using her for a land fort.
It seems that the powers decline to extend any
more mediation. With thanks for such as they think
they have already extended, we will try to get along
just as wisely as if they were telling us how.
There are soldiers who have been so long at Wash
ington on social duty that they had probably for
gotten that there might be occasions on which full
dres? would not be regarded as a necessity.
(\ LESSON OF THE CRISIS.
A-Jp- the menace of immediate war draws nearer
the need of a canal across Nicaragua becomes
more and more apparent to the public mind.
From all parts of the country come expressions of
regret that the work was not undertaken in time to
have had the waterway open for our fleets in this
emergency, and the unanimity of sentiment on the
subject shows that the danger of war has done more
in a few weeks to rouse popular interest in the enter
prise than was accomplished by all the arguments
drawn from considerations of trade and traffic during
many years of peace.
At this juncture it is not needed that anyone should
point out the advantage the proposed canal would
be to the United States. Nor is it necessary in the
light of the recent vote of $50,000,000 for the purchase
of ships and munitions of war to enter upon any elab
orate argument to show that the canal would not be
too dearly paid for even if it cost $100,000,000, as has
been estimated by those who in the past have op
posed the project. All that is needed now is to urge
that some action be taken by Congress to bring about
the construction of the canal before the lesson of the
situation is either lost sight of in the excitement of
war or forgotten in the establishment of peace.
For many years a project was before Congress to
provide for the construction of a transcontinental
railway connecting the Pacific with the Atlantic
Coast. For a long time, however, our statesmen re
garded the enterprise as too great to be undertaken
and the cost as too large to be supported, and while
there was much talk of the work nothing was done.
At last the Civil War broke out, and then was seen
the imperative necessity for such a road. The result
was that Congress at once provided for its construc
tion. We bore that expense along with the other
expenditures of the war, and counted it as money well
invested.
It would be gratifying if in this respect the history
of the Nicaragua canal should be a repetition of the
history of the transcontinental road. War teaches
this generation the need of the one as it taught the
men of iB6O the need of the other. As we built the
railroad in an impulst of patriotic ardor and found
it a benefit well worth the millions expended, so shall
we find the canal a benefit in times of peace as well
as in war if we go forward with it under the impulse
which now makes itself so strongly felt throughout
the country.
In one respect, however, the building of the trans
continental road serves us as a warning by which we
should profit if we undertake the construction of the
canal. The enterprise should be carried on by the
Government and not by a private company. There
should be no opportunities for such steals and scan
dals as marked and disgraced the railroad work. In
opening the waterway which is to change the face of
the earth, so far as commerce is concerned, and ma
terially add to the glory as well as the wealth of the
nation, we should see to it that nothing occurs to
stain with fraud any portion of the story of the great
accomplishment.
THE WAR OND THE WEATHER.
AS actual war draws nearer the effect on trade
becomes more pronounced. It is shown pri
marily in the steady decrease in the bank
clearings, which, though still ahead of 1897 by upward
of 13 per cent, are nevertheless decreasing. The de
mand for goods is also falling off along the Atlantic
Coast and in the Southern States. The West and
Northwest, being more remote, are less affected, and
in these regions there is still a good distributive trade.
The Pacific Coast has thus far shown no effect what-
ever.
Wall street, too, seems to have been removed
from the zone of disturbance. That shrewd and far
seeing mart discounted the war long ago, and, as re
marked last week, is now exclusively in the hands of
professional operators, the public having withdrawn
to the spectators' stand. It is the general opinion
that even with the actual commencement of warfare
there will be no serious decline in prices of stocks
and bonds, as that has already occurred, though in
the first moments of excitement there may be a tem
porary slump. The money market in New York is
in exceptionally fine shape, the banks being well
stocked with ready money, and with plenty of gold
still due us from Europe. Hence the New York banks
are watching the approach of war with the easy non
chalance of that man who knows he has got all the
money he needs to meet his bills, and more, too.
Meanwhile the volume of legitimate business is enor
mous. The export of wheat from the Atlantic Coast
continues heavy. The official report shows that ex
ports in March were 15.459.575 bushels of wheat
(flour included), against 7.901,722 bushels last year,
and in nine months from the principal ports 163,909,
730 bushels, against 132,676,463 last year. The fail
ures, too, are exceptionally small, those for the past
week being only 254.
The important staples, as a rule, are dull. Wool
was never quieter than at present, and cotton goods
are also inactive. While the iron trade is still rush
ing, it is understood that it is on orders received
some time ago, new business being limited.
In California the question is not war, but weather.
The season has been the driest ever known, at least
of late years. Feed is scarce everywhere, and the
grain crop bids fair to be the smallest for several de
cades. As for hay, it is a question where it is coming
from this year. The hay merchants are looking about
all over the coast for supplies, and have already be
gun to import from Oregon and Utah. But these
sources are new and uncertain, as we have never be
fore had to draw on them, henc; nobody knows how
much they have to sell or how the hay will "feed out"
when it gets here. It may not be adapted to the re
quirements of this climate. But it is a good deal bet
ter than nothing. Meanwhile the price of the local
article goes up a dollar a ton every two or three days,
and the end is not yet. People are getting rid of their
extra horses as fast as possible, the stockmen are
scouring the country for pasture, and the situation is
about as sensational as it can b^ Tor a prosaic staple
like hay, which is popularly supposed to grow every
where and to be had for the mere asking.
The matter would be amusing if it were not serious.
Everybody is talking about hay. The gold fields of
Alaska have been eclipsed by the peaceful hay fields
right under our noses, and it is a common remark
that the man who has a barn full of hay has some
thing better than the Klondike. To aggravate the
situation everything akin to hay is going up— wheat,
barley, flour, oats, corn, rye, bran, middlings, miH
stufTs, even the very mush we eat for breakfast. And
all this for the want of a little rain.
The farmer who raises anything this year — it makes
very little difference what it is — will be a happy man.
The tendency in all products of the farm is upward.
Even dried fruit, which has been dead in the shell for
months, has awakened from its lethargy and is sell
ing oft briskly, with good prospects for advanced
prices before long. The East has discovered that we
will be shy of fruit out here this year and is buying
k it up with as little fuss as possible so as not to get us
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1898.
excited, in which case we might want too much for
our wares. This same East is scrambling for our
honey also. No rain, no flowers, no honey — this is
the record for 1898. The East has discovered this,
too, and at the present rate of selling there will soon
be very little of this sweet commodity left in the
State. It is indeed an ill wind that blows nobody
good.
But it must not be inferred that we are going to
have a famine. Far from it. We will have enough of
everything for our own use, but there will be less for
export. Prices will be higher all around, but as this
will be good for the farmer, nobody will begrudge
him his good luck. He has certainly waited long
enough for it.
Merchandising is going along as usual. Money is
in its ordinary supply and demand at the familiar
rates of interest. New enterprises are announced
from time to time, and altogether, as far as can be
seen, trade in California is proceeding on its regular
lines, barring the inconvenience resulting from the
deficient rainfall, which is a temporary matter of a
few months at worst.
THE MARCH TO THE FRONT.
GENERAL SHAFTER has done well to follow
the suggestion made in The Call yesterday and
so order the arrangements made for the de
parture of the troops from the Presidio as to permit
them to march through the city on their way to the
front. The people desire at this juncture to salute
the army and the flag. They desire to bid Godspeed
to the boys in blue and cheer them with outbursts of
patriotic voices as they bear Old Glory to the front
where battle waits and honor and justice call.
The war, which now seems inevitable, is in the full
est sense of the word a people's war on the part of the
United States. The cry for redress for the treachery
that wrecked the Maine rose from the hearts of the
people in ail parts of the country, instinctive and
spontaneous, before it was heard in Congress. Men
of all parties, of all sections, of all classes and creeds,
are as one in this sentiment. We have borne with
Spain till forbearance has ceased to be a virtue. The
time for action has come. "Remember the Maine"
is at this time the watchword of the nation.
The ardor of the people awaits the proceedings in
Congress with some impatience, but not with lack of
confidence. That differences of opinion should exist
in both houses as to the best means of acting on the
issue was to have been expected. This invariably
happens among a people where thought is free and
men are earnest. It was the more inevitable in this
instance because the constitution entrusts the Presi
dent with the conduct of our dealings with foreign
nations, but confers upon Congress the exclusive
power to declare war. This has led to something like
a conflict, not of sentiment, perhaps, but of policy.
The majority of the House favors one course, the ma
jority of the Senate another. As a result there is de
lay. It is safe to say, however, that it will not be one
of long continuance. The decision will soon be
reached. War is almost certainly near at hand. The
Presidio garrison is marching to a battle-field.
It goes without saying that whatever course is de
cided upon by Congress will be loyally accepted by
the people, and with a common ardor all will fight the
conflict out on that line. This is no time to permit
minor differences of policy to cause dissensions
among us. It is noted that the divergent views in
Congress do not in any respect correspond with party
lines. Hoar of Massachusetts and Caffery of Louis
iana stand together on one side, and Foraker of Ohio
and Morgan of Alabama are as firmly agreed on the
other. Where all are for the country and none are
for party, differences are soon harmonized. When the
nation moves it will move together — President, Con
gress and the people in one united power.
It is felt that war is imminent and assured within
the wee'- — perhaps within a day. Before the troops
who leave San Francisco reach the Atlantic or Gulf
ports the guns of battle may be roaring. The people
will make their departure, the occasion of a grand
demonstration of patriotism and loyalty.
TROLLEYS ON MARKET STREET.
THE trolley, as now known, should never be per
mitted to mar Market street. Perhaps the most
objectionable feature of the system is the un
sightly overhead wire, with the attendant poles and
the collateral lines, the whole looking like the frame
work of an elongated awning. In a crowded street
the effect is somber and depressing. To permit the
Market street concern to take that thoroughfare for
the use of its paraphernalia would be an imposition
for which there could be no excuse.
It has been shown that underground wires can be
utilized for the electric cars. Certainly no other
should be allowed on Market street, and in time the
overhead wire should be completely abolished as a
needless and ugly menace to public safety. At pres
ent it is well enough in the suburbs, but even there
it is destined to be supplanted by some improved sys
tem, perhaps characterized by an absence of wires
either below or above ground.
When the time shall come for paving Market street
the part of the expense to be borne by the car line
which has the privilege of running there will be found
to be so clearly denned that there will be no occasion
for treaty. No promise of intention to abide by the
municipal regulation, provided the right to use over
head wires be granted, should be given any considera
tion. It is not customary to attach conditions. The
lavf is passed with the idea that it will be obeyed, and
the corporation to which it may apply is impertinent
in thinking that an exception is to be made in its
favor.
HELPING THE GflS MONOPOLY.
PERHAPS the Supervisors have what seems to
them a good reason for refusing privileges to a
company which wishes to compete with the cor
poration at present furnishing the city bad light and
overcharging citizens for illumination the most mel
ancholy. But if they have such reasons the public
would like to know them. Let the Supervisors throw
off their reserve and give the facts. If these can be
expressed in figures and dollar-marks it will be easy
to understand why they appeal to the intelligence of
the board. If they cannot, the matter will remain a
mystery as it is now.
The fact seems curious that the miserable system in
vogue should be so favored that the attempt' of an
other company to enter the field should be met with
open hostility. Of course there is a general under
standing of the truth that certain people love dark
ness because their deeds are evil, but to realize that
any of this reprehensible sort had -got into the Board
of Supervisors would be a distinct shock. People who
do not have the distinguished honor to direct the des
tiny of the city would be glad to have all the light
that could be furnished. They would like it to read
by, to make their streets safe, and a little of it shed
over the Supervisors would be appreciated.
There has been no explanation of the circum
stance that straw bondsmen continue undisturbed to
do business at the old stand.
I
THE PLANETS IN THE EYEING SKY
THE PLANET JUPITER.
ONE by one the planets have wan
dered back to the evening heavens
which they deserted last year, and
with the exception of Mars, are to be
seen scattered over the zodiacal belt
which extends at this season from south
east to northwest. In this latter point
for more than an hour after sunset, Ve
nus flashes with diamond gleam, now as
ever an object of beauty to the unaided
vision. But to the perplexed observer
with a giant t< lescope, what an enigma!
Are those strange markings, undoubt
edly seen by a few in the favored clime
of Arizona, the production of a strained
lens too accurately fitted into its cell, as
some authorities believe, or are they the
real features of that distant world that
fade to indistinct shadings at Milan,
Mount Hamilton and other places, where
skies of lucid "Arizona blue" eeem to be
unknown?
The fact that Venus is earthlike in size
easily leads us to wonder how our Pa
cific would look If viewed across the
chasm of space that separates us from
the evening star. The sparkling orb
above Venus is Mercury, which is also
baffling theory with extraordinary out
lines on its yellow disk. As no other
conspicuous stars are in that direction
at present in the twilight hours, the two
planets are easily identified; and their
movements and gradual approach until
within three degrees of each other on
the ISth of this month exemplify very ef
fectively the distinction, noted even in
primeval times, between the fixed and
wandering stars. After the 23d lnst. Mer
cury will have gone too far sunward
for observation, but Venus will illumine
the western heavens with increasing ra
diance until November next. Scarcely
less brilliant, but of a distinctly golden
hue, the great planet, Jupiter, is now
seen directly east after sunset. Though
now about four hundred and teh millions
of miles distant from the earth, its disk,
eighty-seven thousand miles in diameter,
is quite discernible, even in a small tele
scope, and the well-known belts are trace
able in every clime. On account of the
rapid rotation in ten hours all the fea
tures become visible In one night, and
the frequent changes in detail indicate
that, they are phenomena of the Jovian
atmosphere, with the exception perhaps
of the oval red spot that has been visi
ble on the disk with varying distinctness
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
E. Ij. Barkus of Oakdale Is at the
Grand.
T. J. Field, a banker of Monterey, Is at
the Palace.
William M. Petrle of Sacramento is at
the Palace.
E. B. Dana, a jeweler of New York, is
at the Lick.
Joseph Bodefeld of Colusa Is registered
at the Grand.
Frank H. Smith, a Stockton attorney,
is at the Grand.
Dr. J. H. Seaton is at the Grand from
San Luis Obispo.
R. H. Row, a mining man from Placer
vine, is in the city.
J. O. Fairfax, editor of the Sydney Her
ald, is at the Palace.
H. B. Stables, a fruit-grower of Tuba
City, is at the Lick.
F. E. Boole, a lumberman of Sanger, is
registered at the Grand.
I. Dannenbaum of Vallejo, a prominent
merchant, is at the Lick.
Frank T. Barnes of San Diego, a news
paper man, is at the Grand.
J. Harvey McCarthy of the San Diego
Daily Vidette is at the Palace.
Carl E. Lindsay, District Attorney of
Santa Cruz, is stopping at the Grand.
Senator William Johnston, an extensive
fruit-grower of Los Angeles, is at the
Grand.
T. E. Gibbon, a member of the Board of
Police Commissioners of Los Angeles, is
a guest at the Palace.
A. W. Jones, president of the Fresno
and Monterey Railway Company of Mon
terey, is at the Lick.
COMPULSORY EDUCATION.
To the Editor of The Call: In your
Issue on the Bth inst.. among other valu
able matter, is an editorial lamenting the
failure of citizens to follow up The Call's
exposure of fraud in public office by ar
rests, looking toward conviction of offl
ckil offenders. This failure is there at
tributed to lack of active interest, or to
inatility to realize the wroneness of
wrong, the enormity of crimes against the
public by men in whom the public has
placed trust and to whom it has delegated
authority.
In searching for a remedy for this in
action complained of, we must, perhaps,
despair of changing the mental attitude
or status of adults, or of any great num
ber of them. But there are the children
who will in a few years fill our places.
They need not, of necessity, imitate our
failings, but they will do so if not taught
a better way. "When children are spoken
of most readers bring to mind the sweet,
trim little beings who flock with a burden
of books to our school rooms. Let them
turn for once to the unkempt, untrained,
unlettered little native sons and daugh
ters, v.-ho do not know the companion
ship of schoolmates, who go not to any
school nor learn of any master that they
have the inheritance of freemen, that a
few years will bring them power, through
the rr.afiic vote, over the lives and for
tunes of a city or a State.
Let us recall the fact that over 30,000
children of school age are not in any
school. We, as citizens, fail to give them
the benefits of that training and moral in
struction which is provided by public
funds, taking by this means the risk of
adding aunuallv to the number of the
Inert class complained of. Laying aside
the ethical aspect of compulsory educa
tion, our duty to give to all children an
education befitting free American citi
zens, can we afford to allow this great
number, or any number, to remain un
enlightened in right directions white ex
posed to the worst influences of a large
city? They are being educated! but by
what masters? They are beooming citi
zens, but what class of citizens?
Let our compulsory education laws be
enforced, not only in order to brine In
our legal auota of State funds, but to
save the children to a pure and enlight
ened citizenship and from degradation
and crime. The elementary- committee of
the board has announced a determination
to enforce the law, stating that 10 per
ctnt of the children enrolled by the cen
sus have failed to attend any school.
But this cannot be carried out unless citi
zens in general co-operate with the board.
It is a difficult matter to trace a thousand
children and be sure that they are in
their place day after day. Beside this,
one reason accepted by the law for non
attendance Is that "parents or guardians
arc extremely poor or sick." How does
that sound in connection with "free pub
li 2 schools?" No sooner does a family
become- destitute, unable to buy cloth
ing and books, than their little ones are
allowed to drift, helpless, into ignorance
and idleness. Shame on a city that al
iows such conditions!
"Wise economics would lead us to raise
funab sufficient for needed school build
ings, truant schools and attendant ex
penses, rather than allow the young to
| become irresponsible citizens who will
PLANET VENUS (ARIZONA).
for twenty years past. Jupiter is now
more favorably situated for observation
than it will be for about twelve months,
being not far past opposition, which is
the point of nearest approach to the
earth. But radiant though the planet
appears, this is the least advantageous
opposition that has occurred since 1886,
when in aphelion, or that point of its
elliptical orbit farthest from the sun, for
on June 27 it will arrive again at aphelion
as it revolves round the sun in a few
weeks less than twelve years. In the
Eummer of ISO 2it passed perihelion, ana
when in opposition in the October fol
lowing was forty-two millions of miles
nearer than at present. In the interme
diate weeks Professor Barnard, foresee
ing the possibilities of a perihelion oppo
sition, sought and found with the Lick
telescopo the small fifth satellite here
tofore unknown to human vision.
With less luster than Jupiter, but still
conspicuous, the planet Saturn emerges
above the southeastern horfzon before 10
p. m. As almost simultaneously the red
star Antares, in the constellation of the
Scorpion, comes into view a few degrees
to the south, the beautiful pair, like sig
nal lights of different hue, cannot fail
to be recognized. The marvelous ring
system of Saturn, which may be seen
even in a small telescope, will be in a
better position for observation during
the coming season than it has been for
fourteen years past, as the position of
least obliquity with regard to sunlight is
nearly attained. The direction of the
plane of the rings is unalterable, and they
slant sunward only twice during the pe
riod of revolution, which is twenty-nine
and a half years. In 1858 Clerk Maxwelt
proved mathematically that they could be
neither solid nor liquid, as supposed, but
were necessarily composed of a host or
small bodies moving in one plane, but
not keeping pace, as those nearest to the
planet, owing to its attraction, would
have, the greatest velocity. In 1595 Pro
fessor Keeler of the Allegheny Observa
tory detected by means of the spectro
scope the difference of motion of the in
ner and outer portions of the rings, and
thus confirmed visually the accepted
mathematical theory.
The planet Uranus, also in the south
east, shines faintly as a star of fifth mag
nitude, and Neptune may be seen tele
scoplcally in Taurus, but to the coming
of the large planets at this season, when
several orbs of first magnitude are still
visible, is due the unusually starlit as
pect of the evening sky.
ROSE O'HALLORAN.
permit themselves to be robbed by un
scrupulous politicians. Prevention through
compulsory education is better economy
than correction through courts and penal
institutions. Support the elementary com
mittee in persistently enforcing school at
tendance, for the children's sake as well
as to draw State funds.
„ _ E. J. WHITTIER.
San Frrncisco, April 14, IS9S.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Over 30,000 men are employed in the
British dockyards at home and the num
ber will be increased by 2000 during the
present financial year. .
A motion to abolish chaplains In the
French navy was recently made in the
Chamber of Deputies. The argument was
made that chaplains no longer existed in
the army and that the navy had no more
need for them than the army. Their dis
charge would effect a saving of 78,788
francs or $15,756 yearly, but the motion
was defeated by a vote of 344 to 163.
Thornycroft has recently launched a
large sea-going torpedo-boat for the Ger
man navy. It is 211 feet 9 inches in
length. 19 feet 6 inches beam, 7 feet 6
inches draught and displaces 300 tons.
She will have twin screws, engines of
6000 horsepower, and a guaranteed speed
of 27i-4 knots with a load of S4 tons. The
armament will consist of five 3-pounders
and three torpedo tubes.
The Thames Shipbuilding Company of
London has made application to the Rus
sian Government for permission to estab
lish a shipyard on the coast of the Gulf
of Finland or on the Baltic. It offers to
build three vessels within eighteen
months, to use material of Russian
product and to employ only natives, ex
cept the office force, foremen and other
experts, which are to be English. The
company further offers to guarantee that
no vessel, however large, shall be more
than eighteen months building. From
the foregoing it would appear as if
Charles Cramp, now in Russia, is having
a formidable opponent in the Thames
Iron Works.
A new kind of 6-inch projectile from
Vickers has been tried in the British
navy with good results. The projectile
proper has a ring screwed on to its base,
which on being fired expands and makes
a perfect metallic seal, fitting into the
rifled grooves and prevents gases from
passing the base of the shot. Its her
metical tightness overcomes the injuri
ous erroding -'effects which smokeless
powder has on the bore of the gun and
no power is wasted through leaks. With
25 pounds of cordite a velocity of 2694 feet
per second was obtained, and it Is con
fidently believed that with a slightly in
creased but still safe charge a velocity
of 2900 feet will be reached, which is 700
feet more than is got by ordinary
powder.
The battle-ship Goliath was launched
at Chatham, March 23. She is 13,000 tons
displacement and is 390 feet in. length, 74
beam and draws 26 feet. The anno- belt
is of 6-lnch Harveyized steel, 196 feet in
length, and extending 5 feet below and 9
feet above the water-line, and terminates
at the. ends with 12, 10 and 8 inch thick
bulkheads. The barbettes for the four
12-inch wire-wound guns are 12 inches,
and the casemates protecting the twelve
6-inch quick flrers are 6 inches, with
plates at the back 2 inches thick. The
ship is sheathed with wood and the en
gines, developing 13,500 horsepower, are
expected to give a speed of IS% knots.
The coal bunker capacity is 1900 tons,
sufficient for thirty days' steaming at 10
knots an hour.
The greatest apparent defect of modern
navies is the lack of uniformity of the
several ships of one class. Great Britain
comes nearer to having a uniformity
which has the grea,t advantage of mak
ing it possible to transfer officers and
men from one ship to another and make
them feel at home and familiar at once
with their new ship. In the new German
I navy this system will be followed as
closely as possible, and the guns and ma
chinery of the classes to be built wilJ
be interchangeable. The programme
provides for the building of three types
jof vessels, namely battle-ships, large
: cruisers and small cruisers. Designs are
| nearly completed for the large cruisers,
which will be of 8860 tons, 15,000 horse
power and a speed of 21 knots. They will
I carry* batteries of two 9.2-inch in turrets,
j ten 6-inch and ten 3%-inch in broadside
and ten machine guns of I^-inch caliber,
and will also have three torpedo tubes.
They will have triple screws and carry
543 officers and men. These cruisers ex
ceed the New York by 660 tons and are
13 feet longer: their batteries are much
heavier and the complement numbers 59
more. The speed is practically the same,
although the horsepower is 2400 less than
I the New York's.
THE CALL TO THE COLONS.
"Are you ready, O Virginia,
Alabama, Tennessee?
Patriot of the Southland, answer!
For the land hath need of thee.
"Here"' from sandy Rio Grande.
Where the Texan horsemen ride,
"Here 1 " the hunters of Kentucky
Hail from Chatterawha's side.
Every toiler in the cotton,
Every rugged mountaineer.
Velvet- voiced and iron-handed.
Lifts his head to answer, ' Here!
"Some remain who charged with Pickett.
Some survive who followed Lee;
They shall lead their sons to battl*
For the flag if need there be.
"Are you ready, California,
Arizona, Idaho? ,
•Come, oh come unto the colors
Heard ye not the bugle blow .'
Falls a hush in Pan Francisco
In the busy hives of trade;
In the vineyards of Sonom%
Fall the pruning knife and spadej
In the mines of Colorado
Pick and drill are flung aside:
Idly in Seattle harbor
Swing the merchants to the tiae.
And a million mighty voice?
Throb responsive like a drum
Rolling Irom the rough Sierras, „
"You have called us, and we come.
O'er Missouri sounds the challenge—
O'er the great lakes and the plain.
"Are you ready, Minnesota? „,
Are you ready, men of Maine!
From the woods of Ontonagon,
From the farms of Illinois,
From the looms of Massachusetts.
"We are ready, man and boy.
Axmen free, of Androscoggin,
Clerks who trudge the cities P^"-
Gloucester men who drag their plunder
From the sullen, hungry waves.
Big-boned Swede and large-limbed German,
Celt and Saxon swell the call,"
And the Adlrondacks echo: ;■
"We are ready, one and all.
' Truce to feud and peace to faction!
All forgot is party zeal
When the warship 3 clear for action.
When the blue battalions wheel.
Europe boasts her standing armies-
Serfs who blindly fight by trade;
We have seven million soldiers
And a soul guides every blade.
Laborers with arm and mattocK,
laborers with brain and pen, ___
Railmad prince and railroad braKenra**-
Build our line of fighting men. .
Flag of righteous wars! close mustered
Gleam the bayonets, row on row,
When thy stars are sternly clustered
With their daggers toward the toe.
-Arthur Guiterman In New York Mall an*
Express. __^__^_— — — —
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
FORTUNE TELLERS-A. I. S.. City.
This department will not advertise tHa
business of any one, and for that reason
cannot tell you about the fortune tellef
asked about.
CLAUS SPRECKELS BUILDING— A.
S.. Boulder Creek, Cal. The area of the
Claus Spreckels building, in which is lo
cated the business office of The San Fran
cisco Call, is 75 by 75 feet; height, 327 feet.
ADJUSTER-J. J. H.. City. In the
United States branch Mint at San Fran
cisco there is an adjuster of weights
who is paid $5 per day, a chief adjuster
who is paid $6 per day and forty-two wo
men who are employed as adjusters who
receive each J2 75 per day. As your in
quiry does not designate what particular
adjuster you wish to know about, the
answer will have to be delayed until a
more definite question is asked.
FRENCH WORDS— Miss L. P., City.
"N'f-st cc pas" means "is it not?" "Pas
seul" is a term used in connection with
dances, and means that one of the
dancers will dance alone. The other ex
pression given is probably written by the
correspondent phonetically, but it is not
a French phrase as written. "Lingerie,
like the French letter "U," is something
that no English combination of letters
can properly convey the pronunciation of.
That can be acquired only by hearing
the word epoken by a French person.
JULIUS CAESAR.— J. S., Hillside, Ariz.
Julius Caesar never was Emperor of
Rome. In 68 B. C. he was Questor, or
Paymaster of State; in fis he held a plebe
ian office, that of Aedile Curule: in 63 he
was President of the High Priests; in 60
he formed the first Triumvirate, with
Pompey and Crassus; in 60 he wag Con
sul, or highest ordinary magistrate; and
he was dictator from 49 to 45 B. C, both
inclusive, and in 46 B. C. he refused the
diadem.
"CNE WITH THE PRESIDENT."
With the storm in the ascendant we are
one with the President. Wherein has the
President lacked firmness? His annual
message was a profound discussion of
Cuba, Believing in Lee's manly Ameri
canism, he returned him to Havana, Dem
ocrat as he was, and declined to recall
him at the demand of Spain. He sent the
indiscreet De Lome passports without de
lay. He treated the Maine explosion as
a call to arms. By day and by night,
under his strenuous, masterful leadership,
the country has been preparing for war.
Should tho blow fall it will be due to
the foresight and courage of the Presi«
dent that it falls upon an armed and
puissant nation. Under this menace ol
war we are one with the President.— New
York Herald.
SOLEMN DUTY OF THE PEOPLE.
The times are solemn and emergent
times for the people of the United States.
Let every citizen make the cause of his
Government his own, and let that Gov
ernment make its cause the cause of lib
erty and of humanity. Let party lines
dissolve at the water's edge and let the
dread recourse to war carry with it the
justification of conscience and a reverent
and confident appeal to the God of Na
tions and the Lord of Hosts. And may
he be a Pillar of Cloud by day and a Pil
lar of Fire by night to our defenders by
land and sea.— Brooklyn Eagle.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Giving up business, finest eyeglasses,
specs, 15c up (also Sundays); formerly
Kast shoe store, 33 Fourth street.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The highest price ever paid for a poem
was 6000 golden crowns, paid to Sannazaro
by the citizens of Venice for his eulogy
on their city— a poem of six lines only.
"Mrs. Wing'ow's Soothing Syi-up"'
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething wlta
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winalow's Soothing Syrup. 2oc a bottle.
CORONADO— Atmosphere 13 perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely free from tha
mists common further north. Round trip tick
ets, by steamship, including fifteen days' board
at the. Hotel del Coronado. $65; longer stay,
$2 50 afr day. Apply 4 New Montgomery st.,
S. F.. or A. W. Bailey, mgr. Hotel del Corona
do, late of Htl Colorado. Glenwood Spgs, Colo.
It is estimated that gretter quantities
of gold and silver have been sunk in
the sea than are now in circulation in the
whole world.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Cook
who uses
BAKING
POWDER
is sure of the
Finest FoodA FITTING
DISPLAY OF
THE TROOPS
Column of Regulars
Will riarch Through
San Francisco.
General Shatter's Reply
to the President of the
Board of Education.
Arrival at the Presidio of the
Infantry Companies From
Benicia.
The troops at the Presidio ordered to
New Orleans and Chattanooga will prob
ably leave San Francisco to-morrow even
ing, but it is possible that their depart
ure may be delayed until Wednesday.
General Shatter arrived from Bakers
field early yesterday morning, and was
busy all day at department headquarters.
He will leave for the front via the Sunset
route next Thursday afternoon. The Gen
jrai was asked yesterday if the First In
fantry and the two batteries of light ar
tillery would be ordered to march through
the city on their way to the ferry- In
reply he remarked that euch would be
the order if the arrangements for trans
portation and the hour of departure did
not demand embarkation by boat from
the Presidio. General Shafter indicated
that he would endeavor to respond to the
■wishes of the people in respect to the
troops marching through the city, The
First Regiment, having been stationed
here twelve years, has many friends and
admirers in San Francisco, and the troops
will surely receive a great ovation should
they be permitted to march along Van
Ness avenue and Market street on- the
way from the Presidio to the ferry sta
tion.
The following correspondence on this
subject is timely:
Charles L. Barrington, President Board of
Education, I^hj Market street, ban Fran
, April 16, I
Brigadier General William R. Shafter, V. S.
A., commanding the Department oc California
—Dear Sir: In view of the fact that the
tro< pa under your command have been ordered
to New Orleans in anticipation ot a possible
t with Spain. I very much desire, if
possible, to secure some information as to the
time of starling and the route to be followed
to tlie Jerry.
The Board of Education of the City and
• "ouiny of San Francisco hu-s ft aside one
afternoon la each month lor the purpose of
holding patriotic exercises, has provided flag
im halyards for each school from which
tlie glorious emblem of
•jur country floats, and has in all ways en
deavored to footer patriotic sentiments In the
hearts of the rising generation, and bo it has
been thought tttttog that this occasion should
be utilized as an object lesson that will ever
be remembered by the children.
:\i^ed in time of the hour of departure
Instructions will be Issued to the teachers of
the department to assemble the children in
their charge along the lino of march and there
lu\t- them bid farewell with waving Hags and
such other aemonM rations as may be appro
jriate to the occasion.
Believing that the inspiring scene of troops
departing to defend the honor ot our country
that will teach more patriotism than
possible to impart in any other way. and
awaiting an early reply, 1 beg to remain
Jouia very respectfully,
( Hi»..>3l L. HARRINGTON.
ot the Board of Education.
Hon. Charles L.. Harrington, President
Board Of Education, lb^ij Market street. San
Francisco — Dear Sir: General Shatter desires
me to acknowledge the receipt of yours of the
16th Inat, and to say that it Is a source of
great pleasure to him to note the patriotic
feeling which inspires the Board of Education.
It has been his Intention to make a fitting
display with «-a« troops in leaving the city
and timely notice of their departure will be
given you. Very respectfully,
J. D. MILEY.
Colonel James M. Moore, chief quarter
master of the department, has been di
rected by the Secretary of War to pro
ceed to New Orleans and select a camp
ing ground for the eight regiments of in
fantry to be concentrated at that place.
Colonel Moore accompanied by his chief
clerk, will leave San Francisco to-mor
row. In selecting a camp near the city
of New Orleans Colonel Moore will take
Into account the water supply and sani
tary conditions. At present he has no
particular location in view.
Two companies of the First United
States Infantry from Benlcia Barracks— H
Company, commanded by Captain Leopold
O. Parker, and B Company, commanded
by First Lieutenant Charles B. Vodges—
were brought to the Presidio yesterday
afternoon by the Government steamer
General McDowell. The troops were as
signed to Quarters in the double story
wooden barracks formerly occupied by
the light artillery.
General Henry C. Merriam, command
ing the Department of Columbia, sta
tioned at Vancouver Barracks, Wash.,
and who will also assume temporary com
mand of the Department of California
during General Shatter's absence, will ar
rive in this city to-morrow morning. Gen
eral Merrlam's military record was pub
lished in yesterday's Call.
Captain Frank de L. Carrington, Com
pany X, First Infantry, who is at present
on duty with the National Guard of Cali
fornia, is expecting telegraphic orders
from Washington relieving him from fur
ther duty with the guard, and directing
him to proceed with his regiment to New
Orleans.
In all probability Colonel Marcus P.
Miller, Third Artillery, now stationed at
Angel Island, will be transferred with the
headquarters of his regiment to the Pre
sidio on the departure of the First In
fantry for the South.;
The Presidio field train consists of twenty
escort wagons and four-mule teams, four
hospital ambulances, each with four
mules, and one Dougherty wagon with
two mules, fully equipped for field ser
vice.
Captain Merritte W. Ireland, assistant
surgeon United States army, will accom
pany light batteries C and F, Third Ar
tillery, to Chlckamauga Park, not Assist
ant Surgeon Page, who was first assigned
to that duty.
This morning the Government steamer
General McDowell will make a special
trip, Immediately after its regular morn
ing trip, to Alcatraz and Angel islands, to
bring to the Presidio additional escort
wagons and mules.
The Secretary of War has detailed First
Lieutenant Maurice G. Krayenbuhl, Third
Artillery, for duty at the West Point mili
tary academy. Lieutenant Krayenbuhl
has been ordered to report to the super
intendent of the academy August 20. 1893.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
m^L-." Invigorates in the
l^^r<js^ morning and refresbez
]/j I \W\ at nigbt. <^ M
Japan Tea
I is always ■ delicious. . The best
I tea grown — the best process
I known. Every pound is critic-
ally examined by the Japanese
I officials, before it is shipped
from that country. .
All good grocers sell It.
Second Lieutenant Edwin O. Sarratt,
Third Artillery, has relieved First lieu
tenant Edward A. Millar, Sixth Artillery,
at Fort Stevens, Or., to enable him to
join his regiment at Fort Mcllenry, Md.
First Lieutenant Robert H. Noble, First
Infantry, aid to General Shafter, arrived
from San Diego Thursday morning, where
he has been on official business connected
with inspecting San Diego Barracks and
its sub-post at Ballast Point.
The Secretary of War has relieved the
following named artillery officers from
school duty, and ordered them to rejoin
their regiments: Captain G. E. Sage,
Sixth Artillery, Mt. Tamalpais Military
Academy; First Lieutenant H. H. Lud
low. Third Artillery, Mississippi Mechani
cal and Agricultural College; First Lieu
tenant W. G. Haan, Third Artillery,
Northern Illinois Normal School.
First Lieutenant Harry A. Smith, re
cently promoted from second lieutenant
Company K. First Infantry, has been
transferred to Company H, Fifth Infan
try. The vacancy caused by his promo
tion will be filled by the transfer of Ad
ditional Second Lieutenant Henry Abbott,
Twentieth Infantry, to the First Infantry.
On Wednesday afternoon Colonel
Charles R. Greenleaf, assistant surgeon
general, United States army, in charge of
the medical supply depot in San Fran
cisco, delivered a very interesting and in
structive address to the cadets of the
University of California at Berkeley on
"The Hyeiene of Camp and Marches."
Major James B. Burbank, recently pro-
GENERAL SHAFTER AND AIDS.
moted from captain of Battery G, Third
Artillery, Angel Island, absent on duty
with the National Guard of New York,
has been assigned to the Fifth Artillery.
By direction of the Assistant Secretary
of War, Private Joseph C. Buehler, Com
pany B, First Infantry, Benlcia barracks,
has been discharged the service of the
United States.
Pursuant to authority from the major
general commanding the army, the post
commander at Alcatraz will grant a fur
lough for three months to Private Michael
Varley, Battery X, Third Artillery, to
take effect after his re-enlistment
Sergeant Eugene A. Brickley, Batter M
Third Artillery, has been transferred as
a private to the Seventh Artillery, and
will be sent to the headquarters of that
regiment at Fort Slorum, N. Y.
Private Charles Powers, troop E
Fourth Cavalry, now at Vancouver bar
racks, Wash., has been transferred to
troop X, Fourth Cavalry, stationed at the
Presidio.
Sergeant Francis M. Chatham, Battery
G, Third Artillery, now at Angel Island
has, upon his own request, been trans
ferred as a private to the Sixth Artillery
and will be sent to Fort McHenry, Aid.
Troops B and I, Fourth Cavalry. Pre
sidio, First Lieutenant John M. NeaU and
Captain James Lockett. commanding
offlc-erp, commenced carbine practice last
Thursday and will continue dally for the
next two weeks.
First Lieutenant S. L. H. Slocrnn
Eighth Cavalry, stationed at Fort Meade
South Dakota, was a visitor in San Fran
cisco last week. Lieutenant Slorum was
accompanied by Mre. Slocum. They reg
istered at the Occidental.
Private Edward C. Shearman, Battery
L, Third Artillery, Fort Baker, and Pri
vate John Watson. Company C, First Tn
fantry. Presidio, have been tried by a gen
eral court martial and found guilty, ro-
Bpectively, of a violation of the thirty
third and twenty-first articles of war.
The former was sentenced to be dishon
orably discharged, forfeiting- all pny nml
allowances due him: the lnttPr will bo
confined at hard labor for a period of
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1898.
three months and forfeit to the United
States $30.
Yesterday Lieutenant L.S.Roudiez,quar
termaster Third Infantry, turned over the
post exchange at the Presidio to First
Lieutenant James E. Nolan, Fourth Cav
airy.
NATIVE SONS' CELEBRATION.
The Question of Transportation Not
Yet Setled— High Jinks on
Saturday.
At the meeting of the joint committee
of the 9th of September celebration by the
Native Sons of the Golden West, held
I in Coloma hall in the N. S. building- on
I Saturday night, the committee on trans
; portation, consisting of W. H. Hazell, D.
j C. Martin and L. F. Byington, announced
I through Chairman Hazell that it had
i called on the officers of the Southern
' Pacific Railroad Company to obtain a
i rate for excursionists who might wish to
go to San Jose on Admission day, should
the Native Sons during the session of the
Grand Parlor in Nevada City decide to
hold the annual celebration in the Garden
City. That the reply was that the low
est rate the company could fix was $1 25
for the first 3000 tickets sold and $1 10 for
each ticket sold over and above that
■ number.
I The chairman read a letter the com
i mittee framed and sent to the company.
This set forth that the Native Sons were
discriminated against, as the company
1 was carrying excursionists as low as 05
! cents for the round trip, and that the
i guarantee was not over 600 excursionists,
! while the Native Sons would have at
Least 70u0 people from Sun Francisco.
: Oakland and Alameda. ThJ" letter also
I set forth that the haul from the point
1 named was easy, being short fifty-four
! miles and without transfer, and reminded
the company that last year, when the
Native Sons patronized another line to
I Santa Rosa, the Southern Pacific, of its
1 own volition, offered to, and did carry
passengers by way of Napa Junction,
having a haul of 150 miloa with three
transfers for $1 25.
The chairman added that Mr. Judah
had called upon him shortly after having
received that letter and told him that
owing to the absence of Mr. Stubbs an
immediate answer could not be framed,
but that if there was a delay until the
early part of this week an answer would
be sent. The chairman was of the opin
ion that the company would give a rate
of $1 or better.
The committee was complimented on
its diplomacy, and it was suggested that
the committee should in the meantime
ascertain what arrangements could be
made with other companies, should it be
decided to hold a barbecue and clambake
instead of going to San Jose.
J. L. Fassctt of San Jose stated that
if the celebration takes place in* San Jose
the Native Sons would be received with
as cordial a welcome as they were in
1894, and that an effort would be made
by the citizens of that place to make the
stay in their midst even more pleasant
than it was on the occasion of the pre
vious visit.
The committee, after adding to its
membership delegates from Athens,
Piedmont, Halcyon and Brooklyn parlors,
of Alameda County, adjourned to meet
next Friday night to hear the report of
the transportation committee.
On Saturday night the delegates to the
Grand Parlor that will meet in Nevada
City on the 25th inst. will be the guests
of Stanford Parlor, which will, in accord
ance with an old established custom, pro
vide an ante-Grand Parlor high jinks. A
fine programme has been prepared for the
occasion.
Hurt Playing -'See-Saw."
Whllo playing "see-saw" at Golden Gate
Park yesterday afternoon Edna Stod
dard, aged C years, fell and dislocated
her left shoulder blade. She was taken
to the Receiving- Hospital, where the dis
location was reduced by Police Surgeon
WelL
I COME NOT TO SEND PEACE
BUT A SWORD
WHILE the mission of Christ is
generally accepted as one of peace
the church militant Is recognized the
world over, and those who go to bat
tle for their country know that the
prayers of the people are with them.
j.n San Francisco pulpits yesterday
sermons were delivered showing that
the men of God approve of and sus
tain the cause of the nation in the
present controversy with Spain.
A RIGHTEOUS WAR
Rev. Oliver C. Miller, pastor of the
Church of the Holy Spirit, 2127 Jackson
street, preached on scriptural authority
for waging righteous wars and the bene
fits accruing therefrom. He took his text
from Matt. x:34. "Think not that I am
come to send peace on earth; I came not
to send peace but a sword," and said in
part:
"This declaration from the Itps of
Jesus descriptive of the character of his
mission is apt to be overlooked as we
think of him as the Prince of Peace. In
another place he cautions his followers
not to overlook the fact that his kingdom
is to be founded upon the ruins of the
kingdoms of this world, saying 'Suppose
ye that I come to give peace on earth? I
tell you nay, but rather a division.'
Again he says to his disciples, 'He that
hath no sword let him sell his garment
any buy one.' And only tells his im
pulsive Peter to put up his sword be
cause he will lay down his life as a
willing victim. Jesua is called the cap
tain of our salvation, and although he
■wore no sword he planted the germ
truths that have convulsed the ceutnxies.
This is because the world lieth in
wickedness and Messiah's kingdom must
be builded upon the overthrow of Satan's
empire. The prince of the power of the
air often opposes war because he knows
that the highest development of the race
has always been along the line of blood
shed and struggle. "War is not the final
object, but the means for the establish
ment of Christ's visible reign upon the
earth. Our text is in full accord with
Bethlehem's anthem. It is not Jesus'
plan to patch up old garments with new
cloth, but to overthrow and build anew.
First the sword, then the angel anthem
of good -will and peace. War is by no
means an unmitigated evil, but great
advantages accrue to the race there
from. Nations, ».ke the martyrs of ma
ternal love, die to give birth to the new
and better regime. We must not forget
that there is -a divine surgery. Wars
thrust men out from the lap of luxury
and save them from becoming a race of
weaklings. Wars with foreign powers
amalgamate, unify and save from sec
tional strife. It is in war that we learn
the value and necessity of sacrifice. Our
own nation needs to be saved from par
tisan strife, and a commercial and social
upheval will do us good. Life in our
land is becoming too metallic— tame.
We need war to brine: back the lost gem
of the heroic and patriotic. If I be asked
Shall we go to war with Spain. I answer
there is that that is worth more than
human life, and must be maintained at
all hazards. It is national honor and the
eternal principles of justice and hu
manity. War would teach us our help
lessness and dependence upon God, and
to set proper value upon that which is
worth more than gold. The nations now
are like stones In a quarry, they impinge
upon one another and when one is
moved we cannot tell where it will end.
But the sure word of prophecy has told
us that before our Lord's return the
RANSACKED THE ROOMS.
Daring Burglary in a Lodging House
on Market Street.
A daring burglary was committed yes
terday morning in a lodging house at
503 Market street. Mrs. Ayers, the land
lady, was attending church, and on her
return she discovered that her private
apartments had been entered and a gold
watch and chain, a pair of gold bracelets
and $25 in money had been taken. One
of the roomers saw a well-dressed young
man leaving the house, but thinking that
he was a friend of Mrs. Ayers he made
no attempt to intercept him.
The watch belonged to a Mrs. Crowley,
who lives in the house, and was pre
sented to her by a priest for her untiring
efforts In behalf of a Catholic fair over
which he had presided.
A revolving desk belonging to another
roomer waa broken open with a jimmy
and a tin box, which the burglar sup- v
posed contained valuables, taken.
Last night the box was found under the
bed of the room, havine been thrown
there by the housebreaker.
The Famous Author and Actor Is
Also a Connoisseur of Turk
ish Bugs.
Mr. Herne has bought some fine spec
imens at the Turkish rug- auction sale
at 108 Grant avc .ue. He has secured
also the magnificent palace silk rue
which was knocked down to him at
$2000. m at
United Brewers' Outing-.
The United Brewery Workmen hold
their annual picnic at Harjor View yes
terday. From early morning till late in
the afternoon the place was crowdprt
with a good-natured jovial crowd ofthe
Pacific Coast workmen in the varions
breweries about the city. The officers of
the union-Joseph Walters, Filly R? U n
Jacob Lauber, Anton Tauz M d H™ '
Schunkel-left nothing undone to nriko
the picnic a success. In this their labors
were fully realized. uuu
________ __ ADVERTISEMENTS.
1y y >'^y > '»>''>* »* '^ !/ -"r^ !jf^ ■-y* y* y*jj >ip j' j>> d ) »vn^; i^i *n! i >^l i**v ■^f*v «*v*^' *V*t* »^ >>> »J y J »>* v* »»yy-y»yfe y » yj^HT^*^ l^!*-^'*^^
SPECIAL H s E-5-p| y , extra quality, Including coup-
FOR THIS v^iue'2^ 1 ?^?^. to :. 'i^.^^.^.'^l^ilSc
WEEK. n-l^ P w^ hom^ made : rc6ular2sc : $2.25 per doz.
v : JE 2^c^w!s7ia JJ r p r ho r. made . . reft . ular $1.65 per doz
R^ I < / *' I : OR S-AII sizes, 33 1-3 per cent off list. Complete
line of Hose Sundries. .
SPECIAL «i£J TABLE EGGS ....:....:..... ...:isc per doz.
OrUVlrtl. ORIENTAL-COFFEE, special blend, roasted or
MOnCldV. _. »? m - nd - regularly 35c per Ib, n0w...... .........30c
tlr""" -j':>- MALT WHISRY, "Acme,'' a pure whisky for
TUCSQSy, ' medicinal purposes, regularly 85c... Bottle 75c
U/_--4 n _-_/^lnm r CIGfIRS-3 for 23c.
Wednesaay . Cnlle de or© Puritanos. Xflli
 .v . A fine Key West — exceptional value. "•, ,
Country Orders Free Within 100 Miles. Send for Catalogue.
whole earth shall be involved in war
and above its final din shall resound the
Bethlehem anthem of the second coming
of our Lord."
The speaker then said with strong em
phasis, "I am aware that the strongest
sanction I can give to what I have said
is to volunteer my services and offer my
life upon the altar of my country and my
God, either to bear arms or to minister
on battle field and in hospital the con
solations of religion."
IT IS JUSTIFIABLE NOW.
At the Howard-street Methodist Epis
copal Church last night the pastor, John
A. B. Wilson, D.D., before his sermon on
"Counterfeit Religion," from Isa. xxviii;
20, made this address in part to the Boys'
Brigade and the young men of the
church: "You have not been receiving
any dissertations upon war from this
pulpit during these days of excitement.
The action of Congress last night, how
ever, means war in all probability, and if
ever war was righteous and justifiable it
would seem to be so In this case. We
were Indignant when a year and a half
ago the unspeakable Turk put to the
sword and flame Immediately 100,000
Armenians, and we blamed the nations of
Europe for not making a recurrence im
possible by dismembering the Turkish
empire. But we as a nation have per
mitted a so-called Christian nation to
perpetrate outrages and starvation, and
uncalled for disease upon women and
children and noncombatant men, until
400,000 have gone down in awful lingering:
deaths within ninety miles of our border,
and nothing but the massacre of 266
American sailors and the loss of a battle
ship has awakened us to the duty which
we owe our neighbor. And we have
played at diplomacy for sixty days, which
has meant Duo deaths per day to women
and children. At last we are to drive the
savage of the ages from the western hem
isphere by the dreadful ordeal of war.
"Like every other, this will be a young
man's war. Young men are and ever
have been the soldiers of the world. The
Grand Army heroes whom we delight to
honor won their right to our homage
while in their teens and early twenties.
Young men of America will be called
upon to settle the Question of Spanish
right to starve helpless women and chil
dren and to murder sleeping sailors of
this nation by cruel treachery.
"Already the Cadets of the Cross have
offered their services. I congratulate
them and the country that these young
Roman Catholics, in a war with an ex
clusively Roman Catholic country, are
the lirst band of organized churchmen to
iuiticipate their country's call for volun
teers. They thus demonstrate their
patriotism, too often denied them by the
superficial, and when we consider the
enemy they are to right, the demonstra
tion leaves little to be desired. I am quite
aware of the patriotic fervor of the
Boys' Brigade, and I honor it. And their
opportunity will come. A movement is
already inaugurated for a regiment of
those young men pledged against tobacco,
profanity and intoxicants.
"Next to God and our parents comes
duty to our country. But do not rush off
and enlist at the lirst sound of a drum
you hear. Remember that wounding and
death in battle is not the worst results of
war, but the destruction of personal char
acter through evil companionship in
camp. If duty calls you will have a
chance to choose associations of safety
Remember the initiative has already been
taken to bring together those with whom
the dangers of camp life will be minim
ized. One other thing. Do not enlist even
in the service of your country without the
consent of your parents. If they do not
say yes, then do not go. You cannot ex
pect the blessing of God upon you if you
disregard the divine law which says
•Honor thy father and thy mother.'
There is no emergency in the coming con
flict which intakes it necessary todisregard
their wishes. I was 32 when the war be
tween the States broke out and 1G when
it closed. It has been the regret of my
life that my parents would not consent to
my enlistment. But I have always been
glad that the principles they imparted
sustained me, and while in agony
throughout the whole period to have a
hand in the conflict, I would take no step
without their consent. Wait, I beg you,
for their consent before enlisting, and
I when it is obtained seek for that regiment
I where the best moral influences will be
about you. And know well what you are
doing. It will be no child's play, ten wili
I die from the dreadful climate where one
STOLE A HORSE AND BUGGY.
John H. Gannon Arrested in Yolo
County and Brought to This
City.
John 11. Gannon was booked at the
City Prison yesterday on a charge of
grand larceny. He was arrested by
Deputy Sheriff Binning of Yolo County
from a description Bent out from police
headquarters.
Gannon is accused of hiring a horse
and buggy from the Club Stables on
Taylor street on April 5. He did not re
turn with the rig, and the proprietor, C
Jensen, swore out a warrant for his ar
rest in Judge Low's court. Circulars
were sent out with a description of Gan
non and the rig.
Gannon traded the buggy with a livery
stableman in Winters, Yolo County re
ceiving $10 bonus, and In Sacramento he
traded the horse, receiving a bonus of
$20.
Special Notice.
To those troubled with Itching scalp,
dandruff and falling hair, cut this out
and mail to Smith Bros., Fresno, Cal
who will send free sample of Smith's
Dandruff Pomade, which is for sale by
all druggists. •
Chrysanthemum Club.
The Chrysantnemum Clud sported its
yellow colors at Harbor View yesterday.
The young men and their best girls were
there in full force and enjoyed them
selves as only young folks know how
when out for a Sunday's picnic. A list of
sixty-five prizes brought the athletic and
sporting element to the front. The gar
dens were crowded the entire day and
evening, so much so that Special Officer
Dave White, the veteran picnic official
had his hands full between keeping out
unwelcome visitors and taking tickets at
the gate.
R. Pahl's $3 Shoes always on hand.
Agency W. L. Douglas" Shoes, 324Kearny*
In India the average duration of life of
the natives Is twenty-four years, as
against forty-four in England.
will fall In battle. Remember also that the
bravest and best soldiers in all wars is he
who is insured for both worlds, having his
life hid with Christ in God. Let the
dissonance between you and your God be
reconciled before you leave home, that
those you leave behind may take comfort
in the thought that your soul is safe even
though your body fall a prey to the Span
ish arms or the dreadful climate.
"And let the church pray for the young
men who, meeting these conditions, feel
called to go."
"OUR DUTY IN WAR."
William C. Bailey of the Golden Gate
Lodge of the Theosophical Society of this
city delivered a lecture at the Odd Fel
lows' Hall last evening, his subject be
ing "Our Duty in War." Prior to the lec
ture Mrs. Bailey read a poem entitled
"Universal Brotherhood." written by Miss
De Shield of San Francisco, and Miss
Wadham sang a solo. Mr. Bailey's line
of argument was the patriotism of home
extending to that of the entire country,
and that in turn to all nations, until all
the people of the world should be united
by a common tie of universal brother
hood. The development of this line of
thought was in keeping with the doctrine
of the Theosophists.
REV. MR. JENKINS ON CUBA
Rev. W. C. Jenkins preached at his
church, Post and Stelner streets, last
night on "Shall Cuba Be Free?" The
text was Acts, xvl:26: "God hath made
of one blood all nations of men." The
speaker argued that the text shows the
brotherhood of man and the existence
of equal social and civil rights. The ques
tion of the freedom of Cuba must be
answered in a different way in' this coun
try from the answer that would come
from the nations that believe in conquest
and the divine rights of kings. The text
would oppose the view of monarchical
government. The speaker did not believe
there would ever be peace on earth until
all the races recognized the broad prin
ciple of the brotherhood of man.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A WAR WITH SPAIN
would find Uncle Sam putting the
proper finish on Alfonso with ease.
It isn't so easy, though, to find a
laundry that can finish off a shirt,
collar or cuff In such an artistic
manner as we turn out every day.
The snowy whiteness and fine fin-
ish that characterize our work is
its best recommendation, and you
will never entrust it to less ex-
pert hands.
United States Laundry,
Office, 1004 Market street,
Telephone South 420. ■
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
WHOLESALE DEALER IN
Foreign and California Coke.
YARD J
300T0 308 HOWARD STREET,
CORNER BEALE STREET.
Office: 813 Folsom Street.
SPEED! SAFETY! COMFORT!
FIFTH TRIP
STR. HUMBOLDT,
Most Popular Steamer on Alaska Route,
- Sails for
FORT WRANGEL. JUNEAU, SKAGUAT
and DTEA, via Seattle. 1 No Transfer.
ON OR ABOUT APRIL 23.
POPULAR RATES. . : ,
JOHN A. MAGEE JR., Agent,
310 Cloy Street.
DR.MCOTLTY.
'PHIS "WELL-KNOWN AND RKLrABLE or.t»
•- specialist cures Private.Nervous.Blood and Skin
Jliseaspsof Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
-0 years' experience. Send for Book, tree. Patient*
cured nt Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9to 8
daily :6:3o to S.3oev'«fs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
(loufree and sacredly confidential. Call or address
1". ROSCOE McßfUl/I"T. M. D.,
26' ; Krai u y Street. San Francisco. C«L
>ggN.DEWEY,STRONG &Co.>j?S.
t '^patents! £1
MARKET ST. S-F.SSS^ .
AMUSEMENTS.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleslde Track.)
Racing From Monday, April 18, to
Saturday, April 30, inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
First Race at 2 P.M..
S. P. R. R. TRAINS, 12:45 and 1:15 p. m. DAILY.
S Leave Third-street • station, ■ stopping at Va-
lencia street. Returning immediately after th«
races. . •. '■".
: Kearny-street and Mission-street cars every
three minutes, direct to track without change.
Fillmore-street cars transfer each way. ■ '■'.
- B. N. ANDROUS, President.
;: P. H. GREEN, Secretary.
k : OLYMPIA ,| Co '™ « f ".so, and
ii: I ' :- , -..-;. :. Eddy ; Streets.
America's : Most- Beautiful Music Hall.
'• THE MARTELLES, Trick Bicyclists; MAN-
DOLA, Master of Equipoise; v CHAVLIER,
Trick Violinist: .ELLWOOD, Female Imper-
sonator; CARLTON SISTERS, : TriIby Dancers;
TUNISON, Operatic Star, and others. House
Heated. ■> Admission Free. ' ",-''
, ADVERTISEMENTS.
MUNYON
Systematic Treatment
by Mail.
Thousands Restored to Health
Through Professor Mun-
yon's Free Medical
Advice.
Munyon's Medical Institution, 1305 Arch St.,
Philadelphia, is the best one of its kind in th«
world. It employs a large staff of skilled
j specialists to diagnose the cases not only of
people applying- personally for treatment, but
those in all parts of the country who send in
personal letters, asking the best methods of
being cured of various diseases. Thousands
of these letters are received every week, and
after being carefully considered by Prof.
Munyon, a staff of from ten to fifteen doctors
is employed to dictate replies through th«
medium of m many stenographers. These let-
ters are received in the strictest confidence and
promptly answered with the best medical ad-
vice obtainable. No effort will be spared to
Bee that each case is thoroughly, diagnosed
and the proper remedies to effect a cure are-
prescribed. For these services no fee is ex-
pected. J I
A separate cur© for each disease. At all
druggists, mostly 23 cents a vial.
Address Prof. Munyon, 1503 Arch Street,
« Philadelphia, Pa.
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
Second and Last Week.
HOYT'S LATEST LAUGH
A STRANGER
IN NEW YORK.
Last Time Next bunday.
Next Monday— Ferris Hartman in "THB
PURSER."
COLUMBIA THEATER.
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT.
The Fascinating
MARIE JANSEN
Presenting the Comedy Success
"DELMONICO'S AT 6!"
A Happy Blending of Mirth and ' Melody.
Nothing But Fun.
Coming— ROßEßT MANTELL.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
THREE NIGHTS ONLY.
GRAND OPERA IN ITALIAN !
MESSRS. WALTER DAMROSCH and CHAS.
A. ELLIS Announce the First Appear-
ance of the Renowned Prima
Donna, MME.
MELBA
Supported b" the
! DAMROSCB'ELLIS GRAND OPERA CO.
And the Orchestra of the New York Symphony
Society.
TO-MORROW (TUESDAY).
"J_/l TRAVIATA."
Thursday, "THE BARBER OF SEVILLE."
Saturday, "LUCIA DI LAMMERMOOR."
Seats at Box Office— $7, $6, $3, U.
$3, $2.
Next Sunday— "TßlLßY."
MQROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.,
Grand Reproduction of Scott Marble's Me-
chanical Drama,
THE DIAMOND BREAKER
REALISTIC EFFECTS OF PONDEROUS
MINE MACHINERY.
The Diamond Breaker at Work.
Thrilling Escape From Death.
Great Scene in the Interior of an Insane
Asylum.
! Strong Cast. Clever Comedy. New Scenlo
.effects. '
—MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY—
Evening Prices 10c. 25c. 50
NEW BILL OF GREAT SPECIALTIES.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK OF
HYDE'S ALL-STAR COMEDIANS, closing
Saturday Night, April 23: HELEN MORA. Re-
nowned Barytone; McINTYHE & HEATH.
Black Face Comedians; WILLIAMS & WAL-
KER, The Real Colored Boys; CHARLES R.
SWEET. The Piano Tramp; THORNE &
CARLTON, Comedy Sketch Artists; LAFAY-
ETTE, Fantastic Mimic; AJAX, the Flexibla
Marvel. ■-..-■
Reserved Seats. 23c: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor & Manager
THIS EVENING AT 8 SHARP.
A TREAT FOR YOUNG AND OLD.
Our Brilliant Spectacular Burlesque,
SINBAD THE SAILOR !
A SUPERB CAST— BEAUTIFUL SCENERY.
ENTRANCING BALLETS.
Everything New and Up to Date.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
Box office always open. No telephone. ,
ALCAZAR. TS
LAST WEEK OF THE BEST LAUGH-MAKER
IN TOWN.
THE STRANGE—
ADVENTURES — — — —
OF MISS BROWN- — — — — —
Next Week— en easement of 'L. R.
STOCKWELL in "THE GAY PARISIAN."
1 r1ce5..:.....V. :..... ...ilsc. 250. 35c, 500
EVERYONE FREELY ADMITS THAT
The Finest Animals on Earth Are at the
ZOO IN THE CHUTES.
"WALLACE, the Untamable Lion." sub-
dued ■by Captain Cardono, and . attractions
without number.-
Animals trained from 10 to 2.
Open dally ■ from 10 a. m. to 11:30 p. m. ■ -
10c to All, Including Zoo. etc.; Children. Be.
.CHIQUITA receives afternoons and evenings.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music, Dancing. Bowling. Boating. . Fishing
. and other amusements. .
Refreshments ~nt city prices. Fare, round
' trip, 25c; Children, ISc; including admission
to grounds. ■ - • -, ; ,
—THE STEAMER AH— • -
Will leave Tiburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m.. 12:10,
2 and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo at
11:16 a. m.. 1. 3 and sp. m. ■
THE CINEMATOGRAPHIC LIFE-MOVING
ENACTMENT OF
THE PASSION PLAY
Every Afternoon and Evening at 3:15 and 8:30,
at the Y. M. C. A. Auditorium.' Admission, 26c.
Children, ISc ;■:-
56
LARGE CROWDS
AT THE GAMES
Fifteen Thousand People
See Cincinnati Beat
Cleveland.
Pittsburg Ball - Tossers Win
From the Louisville
Colonels.
St. Louts Suffers an Overwhelming
Defeat in Its Contest With
Chicago.
Special Dispatch to The C»H.
CINCINNATI, April 17.— Kelb was j
given miserable support in the first in- j
ning and this, together with two triples j
and a single, gave the Reds five runs, j
After the first inning Kelb fared bet- j
ter. Hawley was in fine form and had j
the visitors at his mercy. The fielding
of Irwin, Wallace, Corcoran and Me- >
Phee was the best ever seen here. A i
crowd of 15,000 witnessed the ganfe. A
ground rule giving three bases on a
ball hit into the crowd was established.
Boore:
Clnclnnatl 12 U 1
Cleveland 16 4
Cincinnati— Hawley and Peitz. Cleveland—
Kelb and Criger. Three-base hits— McPhee, 2;
Holliday, Corcoran, Miller. First on balls— By
Hawley, 4; by Kelb, 1. Hit by pitched ball-
By Kolb, 3. Struck out— Hawley, 1. Umpires
— SwaitucFOd and Wood.
LOUISVILLE, April 17.— Tannhill
won his own game to-day. Besides
keeping the Colonels scattered he
knocked out a scratch home run which
brought in the winning run. "Dummy"
Hoy batted in three of the Colonels'
four runs. About 13,000 people saw the
game, and ground rules had to be
adopted on account of the crowd in the
field. A hit into the crowd entitled the
batter to three bases. Score:
R. H. E. i
Plttsburg 5 8 0 :
Louisville 4 12 1
Plttsburg— Tannhill and Schrlever. Louis
ville — Fraser and Wilson. Stolon bases—Pad
den, Gray. Two-base hits— Hoy. 2; Nance, Wll-
Bon. Three-base hits— Carey. Davis. Home
run — Tannhill. First on balls — Off Fraser, 2;
off Tannhill, 1. Hit by pitched ball— Gray.
Struck out— By Fraser, 2; by Tannhill. 2.
l'a---spd balls— Schriever. Umpires— Cushman
and Heydler.
ST. LOUIri, April 17.— The Chicago
team badly defeated the Browns to
day, almost making it a whitewash.
Numerous errors marked the playing
of the home team, whose members were
seemingly demoralized by the terrible
fire that interrupted yesterday's game. •
During the night a large gang of work
men erected a new fence in place of
that which burned yesterday, and put
up temporary seats, which accommo
dated only part of the crowd, estimat- j
ed at more than 6000 people. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago ....14 11 2
Bt. Louis 1 6 11
Two-base — Kllroy. Three-base hits —
Everett, 2; Ryan. 1; McCormick, 2: Donohue.
1; Cross, 1. Base on bails— Hughey. 2; oft
Thornton, 2. Hit by pitched ball— Clements
ami Donohue. Struck out— By Carscy, 1; by
Daniels, 2; by Hughey, 3; by Thornton, i.
Time — 1:45. Batteries— Chicago, Thornton and
Donohue; St. Louis, Carsey. Daniels, Hug-hey
and Clements. Umpires— MoDonald and O'Day.
"BOBBY" MATTHEWS DEAD.
Was for Twenty Years a Noted Base
ball Pit her.
PHILADELPHIA. April 17.— A private
telegram received here to-day announces
the death in an institution near Balti
more of "Bobby' Matthews, the great I
baseball pitcher. Matthews was about
15 years of age anu retired from the pro
fessional ball field in about 1890, after
hilly twenty years' service in the pro
fession. No otner ball pitcher ever held
himself in the first class for more than
half that length of time.
Matthews started in as a professional
away back in the seventies, with the !
Kekiangas of Fort Wayne, Ind., and in '
subsequent years played with the "Lord
Baltlmores, Boston, Mutualfl of New
York, Athletics of Philadelphia and other
clubs.
Matthews was attacked by paresis
about two years ago, and had since been
in a Baltimore institution for treatment. !
Two Records Broken.
COLOPvADO SPRINGS, April 17.— F. B.
Abernathy and R. T. Eppeson. on a Day
ton tandem geared to 93, to-day lowered
the American fifty mile straightaway
road record from three hours and ten
minutes to two hours, eight and a half
minutes, and P. C. "Wright, on a single,
lew. red the same record for a single
Wheel to two hours, ten minutes. This
was ridden over the surveyed course be
tween Colorado Springs arid Pueblo, and
was officially timed. The record will un
doubtedly be allowed by the Century
Road Club, of which all the riders are
members.
DEMOCRATS PLANNING
TO OVERTHROW BRYAN
Tammany Hall Starts a Movement to
Substitute General Lee for
the Nebrasknn.
NEW YORK, April 17.— A Chicago spe- !
cial to the Herald says: Plans for the
overthrow of "Willi.im J. Bryan and the '
elevation of Fitzhugh L,ee as the Demo
cratic nominee for President In 1900 and
the abandonment of free silver as an Is- i
sue arc being secretly perfected through !
a:i organization of Democratic clubs up.- <
dw the leadership of Tammany Hall of
N m York and the Cook County Denioe
r;i<y. The Duckworth Club of C lcin
nnti Is Bald to be in the combine.
It is proposed to arouse popular inter
est, particularly in the South, In th*
political ascendency of General Lee as a
Presidential candidate. It is claimed that :
thH will divide Bryan' 8 strength in the
convention and divert the solid South I
from Bryan to the man who is now being i
lionized as the hero of Havana,
SUICIDE OF BEAUTIFUL
ANNA MAY BURSON.
Afflicted by Cancer of the Stomach
the Wife of a Wealthy Man
Kills Herself.
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., April 17.—
Mrs. .rtnna May Burson shot herself
through the heart at the Hotel Tray
more this afternoon, and died instantly.
She had been afflicted some time with
cancer of the stomach, which was pro
nounced incurable, but she seemed to
grow better here. She left this letter:
"Dear Husband and Father: Please
forgive me for what I am about to do.
The strain is more than I can stand.
"MAY."
Mrs. Burson was thirty-nine years
old, beautiful and well connected and
the wife of J. N. Burson, a wealthy
resident of Canton, Ohio. She was a
daughter of W. W. Parker, a manu
facturer of Atlantic, lowa, and had
relatives in Canton, Chicago and San j
Francisco.
Railroad Bids Opened.
DENVER, April 17.— The bids of the
different railroads for the transporta
tion of the troops of the Department of
the Colorado were opened to-night in
the office of the quartermaster-general,
but no awards were made, the quarter
master being unable to decide which
bids were '-' c lowest. The matter will
b* taken up to-morrow and disposed
of, and it is expected the troops of the
Department of the Colorado ordered to
the coast will start on Wednesday.
URGING SPAIN TO
FREE THE CUBANS.
This Said to Be the Final Effort of
Pope Leo to Prevent an Out
break of War.
LONDON, April 18.— The Rome cor
respondent of the Times says: In Vat
ican circles the opinion is still held that
an outbreak of war may yet be pre
vented, and a rumor is afloat to the ef
fect that the Pope is endeavoring to
persuade Spain to recognize the inde
pendence of Cuba,
Among continental diplomatists a
certain degree of irritation is observa
ble at what is alleged to be the attitude
of England. Some of the powers,
which have special reasons to fear the
consequences of Spanish defeat, are
evidently of the opinion that Europe
has lost a opportunity of affirm
ing her interests as a compact political
organization in opposition to the inter
ests of America,
At some future time, it is thought,
England, may rue her failure to co-op
erate with tho other powers in creating
a precedent for united European oppo
sition to American high-handedness. It
is noticeable, however, that a somewhat
inadequate knowledge of the present
state of feeling in America prevails in
quarters where these opinions are en
tertained.
The Rome correspondent of the Daily
News says: I am assured that the
Queen Regent herself, as well as the
Pope and Emperor Francis Joseph of
Austria, would favor abandoning Cuba
as the only means to avert war. Arch
bishop Ireland cables that renouncing
the island is the only possibility of
avoiding war.
R. H. E.
RED CROSS TO SEND
SUPPLIES TO CUBA
Navy and Military Escort Will Be
Provided for the Society's
Agents.
WASHINGTON, *April 17.— The Cen
tral Cuban Relief Committee of New
York will load an American steamship
with supplies for the relief of the re
concentrados in Cuba immediately and
dispatch her to Key West for .orders.
She will be followed as soon as possible
by a second ship. Both will sail under
the Red Cross flag and be in charge of
Red Cross agents. A naval and mili
tary escort will be provided in accord
ance with ie Geneva treaty, should
hostilities have broken out before the
arrival at Key West.
A sufficient number of agents of the
American National Red Cross will ac
company the ships to effectually carry
on the distribution. Probably Miss
Barton will Join the first ship at Key
West.
The War and Navy Departments
and Surgeon-General Sternberg have
been notified of the readiness of the
American National Red Cross to ren
der service supplemental to the army
and navy medical departments if called
upon.
SUNDAY BULL FIGHT
INTERESTS MADRID.
People Forget the War Crisis, but
the Pfess Makes Bitter
Criticisms.
MADRID, April 17.— The usual Sun
day bull fight absorbed the people.
overshadowing the action of the United
States Senate as a topic of discussion.
The general tone of the press is firmly
warlike. El Liberal (moderate Repub
lican) welcomes the Senate's decision,
although it is hostile, since it helps to
disentangle a situation which is be
coming insupportable to the Spaniards,
as shown by the outburst at Malaga
and elsewhere. El Liberal expresses
the hope that the Joint committee
will come to a decision quickly, en
abling Spain to know definitely her
fate.
The journals which comment on the
Senate's resolution consid<?r them as
further proof of America's scheme of
annexation, and point out that it comes
on the very day on which the Havana
delegates proposed the starting to con
fer with the Insurgents. Government
circles feel that the resolutions are
fresh obstacles raised to the union of
the insurgents and the autonomists in
Cuba.
GERMANY MEDITATES A
SEIZURE OF SAMOA
Berlin Journal Declares the Emperor
Seeks to Assume Exclusive
Sovereignty.
LONDON, April 17.— The Berlin corre
spondent of the Times says: "Some Im
portance Is attached to the announce
ment of the Correspondenz (National Lib
eral) that Germany meditates the 'event
uality of a stronger display of power at
Samoa, the end in view being the aboli
tion of the condominium, thus enabling
Germany to assume exclusive sovereignty
in the island.'
"The idea is that the engagements of
tbe United States and Great Britain pre
sent a favorable opportunity, but it is
difficult to take the announcement as
rtriously as the German press does, con
j F'.dciing thnt Germany has her hands full
i In China and. as the Frankfurter Zeitung
: obptrvetf, thru 'Samoa is not worth such
a display of power and expenditure.' "
MONSIGNOR MARTINELLI
SPEAKS WISE WORDS.
In the Present Crisis the Papal Able
gate Points Out the Duty of
All Catholics.
PITTSBURG, Pa., April 17.—Monsi
gnor Martinelli, Papal ablegate to the
United States is said to have given a
long talk on what was expected of the
Catholic clergy in the present crisis, in
which he said his sympathies are with
this country and it behooved every
good Roman Catholic, whether priest
or a layman, to honor and obey the
mandates of the country of birth or
adoption when eneraged in such a holy
war as that of attempting to relieve
the sufferings of another country.
Davis Memorial Window.
RICHMOND, April 17.— The Jefferson
Davis memorial window was unveiled
to-day in St. Paul's Cathedral, the
church Mr. Davis attended while
President of the Confederacy. There
was an immense crowd present. The
services were simple. Mrs. Davis, her
granddaughter. Miss Hayes, and Con
sul Lee and family, accompanied by
Miss Cisneros, attended the ceremonies.
Buys Two More Steamships.
PORTSMOUTH, N. H., April 17.— The
steamer Shawmut, which has been dis
charging coal here, has been ordered to
the Boston navy yard to be converted
into an auxiliary cruiser. The steel tug
Plymouth of the Reading line has been
taken by the Government.
Cruiser Talbot Sails
BERMUDA, Bermuda Islands, April
17. — The British cruiser Talbot haJi
sailed from this port. It is rumored
that her destination is Nassau, in the
Bahamas.
Death of Chevalier Baritini.
NEW YORK, April IT.-^hevalier C. A. i
Baritinl, president of the Italian Cham- ■■
l.er cf Commerce, is dead at his home in i
Yonkers.
TJI.E SAiN IK AN CISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1898.
ARREST OF
IN ARTISTIC
BURGLAR
He Stole Valuable
Property From the
Keramic Studio.
George Marion, an All-
Around Crook, in
Prison.
Admits His Guilt When Con
fronted With the Evidence
of His Crime.
THE BOOTY RECOVERED.
William Burke, His Supposed Ao
oomplice, Also Taken Into
Custody.
The , daring burglar who entered the
Keramic Decorative Art Studio at 215 Post
street and stole property valued at $1000
Is behind prison bars. His name is George
Marion, and he Is an opium fiend and
all-round crook. He was arrested last
night by Detectives Gibson, Wren, Dinan
and Reynolds as he emerged from an
opium joint, and was at once taJcen to
police headquarters. The detectives also
recovered the stolen property from vari
ous places where it had been Bold by
Marion.
On being confronted with the evidence
of his guilt, Marlon broke down and made
a complete confession. He claimed he
was alone in the job, but despite his
declaration the detectives have arrested
another man, whom they strongly suspect
of having a hand in the burglary. His
name is William Burke, who is also well
known to the police. He was found in
company with Marion, and locked up
penuing further Investigation. The de
tectives are inclined to believe that Burke
assisted Marion in carrying away the
precious booty.
The Keramic Decorative Art Studio was
entered about midnight Thursday. Mar
ion forced an entrance by prying open
the front door with a jimmy. After help
ing himself to several costly pieces of
bric-a-brac he left the store and went to
his room on Dupont street.
He then returned to the studio, and pick
ing out the most valuable articles, again
went to his room, wht-re he secreted the
stolen property under his bed.
Evidently dissatisfied with the amount
of booty, he made a third trip to the
studio, taking all the stuff he could con
veniently carry.
The following morning the burglary was
discovered and the police immediately
notified. Detectives Wren, Gibson, Dinan
and Reynolds were detailed to find the
burglar, and after considerable difficulty
they succeeded In locating a portion of
the stolen property, as well as getting
a good description of the culprit. The
following day they recovered more of the
property and took it to police headquar
ters, where it was turned over to Prop
erty Clerk Moran. Marion managed to
elude them until last night, when he was
arrested on Pine street.
The self-confessed burglar Is well known
to the police. Several months ago he
was arrested for breaking into a tailor
shop and stealing several bolts of cloth.
For some reason he was discharged af
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dg% IT Let WHISKY get the BEST
*ii| ill 1 of you. 6ET the BEST of
BJUII I WHISKY, which is the
■j-grife^. GENUINE
Th ISM \ DISTILLERY
•j. f' ■ 5 BOTTLINQ OP
(IT Tl
H As r BSPi I
th,| mil UiilJ
a! PEPPER,
j jJiglpffiTE^Y. W. i Bottied * nd Distilled
||IiiHjAS,E. PEPPER
ip^i^ggy • JAS, E, PEPPER
ilil «•■"
I'" 3E* v Lexington, Ky.
i ■'at'**"" ' ■,"-"<■■". .
.■'*•■- --** 1 : Under the lama FOR-
,■, ■ *»~.^fi3iSßsS ! TXX i" M ' JLA for more than 100
—"•>•-■ cSSBPS I ***"■' ii YEARS; is guaranteed
v. J * : "' : " PSESiS! i* -' ' ABSOLUTELY the
\i ' y.4laJPiJft» * | PUREST and BEST in
I | #S^£w^j S «yp,ppiPr-,e
Mt j j^r-^" NGTONK^— ' ""Mr Lt uAot JpID
Sent on trial, which, if
IHillßflfT not satisfactory, can be
-— «>ii nrTXLniav re ned and money will
be refunded.
CARROLL & CARROLL,
306 Market Street,
Sole Agents for the Pacific Coast
WILL CASH PEPPER COUPONS.
FA/ t Cq
DOCTOR SWEANY,
THE ESTABLISHED
AND RELIABLE SPECIALIST.
For the Speedy and - Permanent Cure of All
NERVOUS, CHRONIC AND PRIVATE
Diseases, even In their most aggravated forms
■ WHITE If you cannot call. : .
CONSULTATION FREK and confidential
at office or by letter. A valuable book, ' "Guide
to Health," free.
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market Street. San Francisco. Cal.
— — _
Rad way's Ready : Relief for Sprains, Bruises.
Bore Muscles, Cramps, ,. Burns, Sunburns, Back-
ache, Headache, i Toothache, ' Rheumatism, Neu-
ralgia, Lumbago. .■/; Internally ;-; for :■ all . Bowel
Pains. :- Colic, .'-■ Diarrhoea, Dysentery/. Cholera
Morbus : and Sickness. , Nausea, etc - All drua- !
Cists. ■..- ■■ - "■, -■ •-.■ -, . •  '.--- .----. ■ . .
ter an examination In the Police Court,
although the evidence was sufficiently
strong against him. Subsequently he was
again arrested on suspicion of having
held up and robbed a belated citizen, but
Owing to the failure of the latter to Identi
fy him he was discharged from custody.
ARTILLERY TO GUARD
MONTEREY HARBOR
Light Battery to Be Placed in Charge
of a Detachment of
Militia.
MONTEREY, April 17.— Information
has just reached here that a battery of
light artillery will probably be sta
tioned at Monterey at an early day. In
a recent conference between General
W. R. Shafter, U. S. A., and General J.
H. Dickinson, N. G. C, the need of ar
tillery for this harbor, Santa Cruz and
Santa Barbara was demonstrated, and
it was decided to take immediate steps
for the defense of these three points.
It is the present plan to convert a por
tion of the National Guard into an ar
tillery regiment, and from this to de
tail certain companies for duty at the
coast harbors. The plan is prladly re
ceived by the Monterery people.
ENGLISH CHRISTIANS
PRAY FOR PEACE.
Pastor of Mr. Gladstone's Church
Invokes Prayer to Avert
Armed Conflict.
HA WARDEN, April 17.— Mr. Glad
stone passed a less comfortable day.
His doctors epy there has been little
change in his condition during the bast
week.
Mr. Gladstone and the other members
of the family attended services in the
Hawarden Church this morning:. Rev.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■ — ■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-!!-■-■
DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Lace Department!
NOVELTIES
Just opened in BRAIDED and SPANGLED NET ROBES, MAR-
QUISE and CHANTILLY LACE ROBES,
CRAQUELET, TOSCA AND BRUSSELS NETS.
APPLIQUE CHIFFON and NET ALLOVERS,
APPLIQUE MOUSSELINE, Bands and Laces to match,
(In Black, White and Black, White and Gold).
POINT d'ALENCON, POINT ROSE, POINT VENISE and
CHANTILLY LACE EDGES and INSERTIONS to match.
FRENCH VALENCIENNES, Laces and Insertions.
New styles in VEILINGS, FANS and LADIES' NECKWEAR.
Mso the Season's Novelty, Ladies' and Misses' EMBROIDERED LAWN
BELL-SHAPED ROBES.
New Arrivals of Entirely New line of PJ-SSEMENTERIES, BRAIDS
GARNITURES, ORNAMENTS, BUCKLES, etc., in Jeweled effects'.
Aluminum, Turquoise, enameled and cut steel.
The largest and most varied stock of Liningrs on the coast.
DRESSMAKING and TAILOR-MADE SUITS a specialty.
Don't fail to visit our ELEGANT MILLINERY DEPARTMENT.
Country orders carefully and promptly attended to.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.
UNION SQUARE.
Directory or
. TRANSPORTATION.
HO FOR RICHEST GOLD FIELDS
-IN- ..
ALASKA.
Great Northern Steamship Go.
Will Dispatch for
KOTZEBUESOUNDS
The Fast Sailing Iron and Steel Ship
RUTH,
On or about June 1, 1898. Will proceed directly
without stopping ' at ■ intermediate - points, and
arrive at Sounds as soon as any vessel leaving
earlier. ■ ,:..;-■ ■-..-.■._■, ;.-x- ;■ ;. ; ,- : :-' -,>:■■■'
LARGEST AND STRONGEST SHIP; IN THIS TRADE,
Fitted with social hall, smoking room, state
rooms, bath rooms, etc. • * ' .
Fare, including 3000 pounds - baggage and
PASSAGE UP KU-BUCK RIVER, $200. ,
EXCURSIONIST.
Round trip from ; San Francisco, with 500
pounds baggage,; with privilege of ■ stopping
about 60 days,. $2."0. : '■ • "/
Best ' of Accommodation— ' and" Safo.
Close inspection. invited. -
Full Information call or address ; - ?
J. G. McCALLi, General Agent,
46 MARKET STREET, one Block from Ferry.
. San' Francisco. .'"' •. .-• .; \ . .: ' : / -
BIRCH Creek - district: > now f nearly deserted :
owing to lack of food; larger and Just as rich
as Klondike r produced about $5,000,000 ; -' ISOOx
, v 100- feet;*; our • new ; modern -i steamer, ■•* Alice j
Rix, stops there, grin,? 'to : Dawson City; our ■
book free. Alaska Transportation Co., 224 ;
: Montgomery st.; ' opp. ', Russ House. ;
A WEEK'S ; news for 52 oents^The ??■ Weekly .'■
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
Stephen Gladstone officiated. As indi
cating the gravity of Mr. Gladstone's
condition, it is noted that the officiating
clergyman requested the prayers of the
church for his father. He also request
ed the prayers of his congregation that
"peace might be maintained between
the two great Christian countries, the
United States and Spain."
NORTHWESTERN TROOPS
TO START ON TUESDAY.
Regulars From the Dakotas, Minne-
sota and Montana Ordered to
the East.
ST. PAUL, Minn., April 17.— At the
: headquarters of the Department of the
i Dakotas it was stated to-day that the
i eight companies of the Third Regiment
lof infantry at Fort Snelling would
| leave for the South on Wednesday next.
1 There are 520 men and officers in the
regiment.
The following troops of this depart
ment will also leave theic various posts
on Tuesday: Seven troops of the Tenth
Cavalry, 465 men and officers, from Fort
Assinaboine, Mont., over the Great
Northern Railroad; three troops Tenth
Cavalry, 172 men and officers, from
Fort Keogh, Mont., over the Northern
Pacific; four companies Second Infan
try, 266 men, from Fort Keogh, over the
Northern Pacific; two companies Sec
ond Infantry, 138 men and officers,
from Fort Yates, N. D., over the North
ern Pacific; and two companies Second
Infantry, 132 men and officers, from
Fort Harrison, Mont., over the North
ern Pacific.
The troops are expected to pass
through St. Paul about Thursday.
Colonel John M. Bacon of the Eighth
Cavalry, who will succeed Brigadier-
General Ware In command of the De
partment of the Dakotas, Is expected
to arrive in St. Paul Tuesday morning.
BARKENTINE LESLIE
SAILS FOR
KOTZEBUE SOUND
Seattle
£!! Onl Tr Hi }" I T? son " 811 " 661 whar f Promptly on April
date oY'failinl? 6l^. 011 M ° nday ' A » " **• "11
of feW rema ! ninß berths may be secured at
3<5 EMST STREET.
>C. J. JORGENSEN, Owner.
ALASKA-YUKON
TRANSPORTATION CO,
Wlil Dispatch the Clipper Ship
RUFUS E. U/OOD
MAY 10 hB9Bh 898 for ST. MICHAEL, connecting
with our line of river steamers for DAWSO\
_ Secure your passage and freight space imme-
diately for the flrst trip up the river, ai it is
going very fast. . •
i,} V £ w , m have some '""eight space left for St
Michael. . . •■■ .■
Apply at 3 STEUART st., San Francisco, Cal.
r KOTZEBUE SOUND GOLD FIELDS^
j/* ALASKA.
Jgk BARK MERMAID
JfP*^! LEAVES MAY Ist.
r^fcJul PfISSAGE.....S2OO
\f> r-Jfl Space allowed for 1% tons bag-
'^fefetajaC-. gage for each passenger. \ v-,-- .
fSjo*S^ r ' Office. . . .-. . . . ... . ; . .26 < California st
V-^Sgrr— HENRY L. BORDEN, Gen. Mgr.
____ CAPT. WICKS.
KOTZEBUE SOUND MINING AND
TRADING CO.
FOR Kotzebue Sound— The bark J. A Falken
burg will sail on or about May 10, IS9B Fara?
Including 2500 pounds : baggage or/freight, 1200*
Passengers will apply . early : to LYNDE 4
HOUGH CO.. 40 California st., San Franctsc*
or. to A. H. : Herrlman, general manager. 201
Front st., San Francisco.
_ __ GAS 'I ENGINES.
UNION GASIGIIS
339 HOWARD STREET.
GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
, P. . & B. r PRODUCTS.
P. & B. BUILDING PAPER^and^P
READY ROOFING, sold by all first-class deall
ere, are clean, odorless, of great strength rea-
sonable in price and easy |to transport. They
keep ■ heat,- - cold, ?■ dampness " and dust t out of
buildings; . are particularly adapted to Alaskan
trade. PARAFFTNE PAINT CO., 116 Battery
St.: Tel. No.. Main 1763. v W .-,■■.'
~SLEbs7]BOATS. ETC! : ■-.'■
ARCTIC ; sleds, . relic t dogs, Yukon", boats"
pilot maps to % the ,- Klondike. :-< Alaska : outfits,
steam . launches and ! stern- wheel steamers, with
boilers suitable to burn wood; 60 boats can bo
seen at salesroom. -G. W. KNEASS, 718 Third \
§t. 'Phone Red 2861. •
summer resort
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Spend your summer outing there and drink
from the famous
HEALTH -RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank, Mineral. Tub, Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many Improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing, Tennis, Bowling, Billiards, Croquet,
Handball Shuffleboard, Livery and Burros for
the children.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages, $10 to $15
per week; housekeeping cottages, $3 to $7 per
week.
Call or address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth st., Bun Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS, Lake County, Cal.
Pamphlets mailed free.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place 1b located In
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10.
JOHN SPAULDING, Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDING, Manager.
TO INVALIDS.
Unusually desirable opportunity for elderly
invalid lady or gentleman; medical care; kind.
Intelligent nursing and companionship; locality
unsurpassable. S. M., San Mateo.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious climate; pic-
turesque scenery; mountain walks; pure
spring water; beautiful drives; pine groves;
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture in a short time. Address St.
Helena Sanitarium, St. Helena, Cal.
SANHEDRIN HEIGHTS,
LAKE COUNTY— Among the pines; 4000 feet
elevation; nature's game preserve; beautiful
scenery; purest air; coldest water; good shoot-
Ing: fine trout fishing; vegetables from our own
garden; unexcelled table; home comforts. L.
B. FRASIER, Sanhedrin P. O.
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most wonderful waters; all kinds of skin
diseases cured in marvelously short time; kkl-
ney, liver and stomach troubles immediately
relieved; rates $10 to $1S per week. Long-dis-
tance telephone. Address J. A. HAVES, Pro- j
prletor. Lake County.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from Hopland; unequaled soda ,
and magnesia springs; hot and cold mineral
baths; furnished cottages; terms $10 to $12 per ;
week. Telephone. O. HOWELL, Proprietor, j
Hopland, Cal.
HOTEL LARKSPUR.
NOW OPEN. . NEW MANAGEMENT.
Bait water bathing and boating. Fine drives.
HOPKINS & CO., Proprietors,
Larkspur, Marln County, Cal.
LONGWOOD
FRUIT FARM. AN IDEAL OUTING PLACE.-
City references. Send for illustrated pam-
phlet. Address G. M. SHOULTS & SON.
Napa, Cal.
Tv I3ft B 1 Sruve oBSLt; •! 35 2fff
1 1 s1 b 1 1 f* « k i «4 Vifj in y v"i
r^-^^riiUiiiUflJr ft \^iJ iia^lTuftg
I when "unwell." for pains, obstructions,
I and irregularities peculiar to the sex. y ■..
'Recommended by the leading French
Specialists for diseases of women ; Supe-
rior to Tansy, Pennyroyal and injurious-
drugs. One bottle of Apioline Capsules
lasts three months* • Sold by all druggists,
or by mail, $1. Box 2081, N. Y. Post Office.
■^ — ■■■ 11
*r^*cg%3!i3>A!*n.M T' ] ~ *is a non-poisonoaa
-<r/&g&SS sre *btJyn remedy for Gonorrhoea,
' J*ss&''i)Vß'Kt*yßißl Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
■ jttKifSrin Ito .U.ys.'J&l Whites, unnatural dig-
fijLsjf Guaranteed f| charges, or any inilamraa-
jf4CW not to itrietnre. tion, irritation or ulcora-
jjtn Prevents coa".&gi<in. tion if mucous niem-
PTo'arHEEvANS Chemicu Ho. branes. Non-astringent.
%^a CINCINNATI,!) Sold bj BrucitiilH,
''^^. U. S. TBJTi T ' nt in P lain wrapper,
J^#«HShl J&T&i by express, prepaid, for
I. 1 - 00 - " r 3 ootti.-g, $2.75.
% jr ft v ' ■■ Circular B'snt on request.
Emma : Carrie, I thtn!c Elsie makes such a mistake to be taking
tonics all the time. My experience is that a tonic is
only good after I have had a regular house cleaning,
and after that I don't seem to need any tonic. It it
remarkable how well Ripans Tabules suit my case. I
don't take one once a week, but whenever I do the?
do the business.
Carrie : The tabules contain nux, and that is a tonic.
J£mma_; I don't care ,wh^at_thejr coatain^ they axe just wonderful.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an i enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis Court, etc
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming Lake. Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 and $15 per week; $2 and $2 50 per
day. R. M. HORTON, Proprietor.
01/ 1 AOH HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma Co.
\S Am|i\ Only 4 ** hours from S. F. and
UIinUUU but 9 miles- staging; water*
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
in State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent-, climate; good trout
streams at door; photographers' room; tele-
phone, telegraph, dally mail; FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from S. F. only $5 50; take Tiburon
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $2 a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of th«
past three years. J. F. MULGREW, Prop.
: On Howell Mountain; elevation 1760 feet;
swimming tank 100x40; temperature of water
78 degrees; climate unsurpassed; chalybeate
and other springs; tennis, croquet, riding,
driving; $10 to $12 per week; two trains dally;
four hours from city. Telephone.
E. ANGWIN, Angwln, Napa County, Cal.
CARLSBAD!
MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOT IN LAKE COUNTY.
The Mineral Springs are wall known for mar*
velous cures when everything else failed, es-
pecially in cases of STOMACH. LIVER, KID-
NEY and BLADDER affections. New hotel;
superior accommodations; $8 to $10 per week;
roads' excellent; good trout fishing and deer
huntlnr on property. For particulars write W.
R. McGOVERN, Carlsbad, Lake County.
TUSCAN SPRINGS,
Tehama County. By rail to Red Bluff, 199
miles; fare, $8 45;. daily stage to springs, 9
miles; fare, $1; elevation 1000 feet; 20 furnished
cottages. for rent; accommodations at hotel for
100 people; telephone, telegraph and postofflce
in hotel ;- rates, $10 and up; send for book of
information and testimonials. ED. B. WAL-
BRIDGE, Proprietor.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure:
new dining-room, 130 ft. lake frontage; new
stable and livery; . boating and bathing free:
$S to $14 per week; round trip. $3 50. H. WAM-
BOLD, Prop., Bertha P. 0., Lake County, Cal.
HOTEL BENVENUE.
Situated on the shore of Clear Lake; fine
' large grounds; special facilities for families
and children; home cooking; boating, bathing,
fishing; rates reasonable. Address FRANK
I SCALES and A. M. SCALES.
SODA BAY RESORT.
Most delightful spot in Lake County; hunt-
i Ing, fishing, boating, swimming; table sup-
i plied with best market affords. Address HEATH
1 & BURLINGAME, Proprietors, Soda Bay, -
i Kelseyvllle, Lake County, Cal.
TAMALPAIS VILLA.
i Tamalpals Station. Ross Valley, near San Ra-
l fael. Cottages and tents, with - oh x without
; board. Dancing pavilion. Salt water bathing.
\ MRS. PETER SMITH, Proprietress.
JOHANNISBERG.
, Famous mountain health and pleasure resort.
! Elevation 1200 feet. Relief for asthmatics.
Fishing, boating, hunting and swimming.
Terms, $7 to $10. Send for circular to
JOHANNISBERG RESORT, Napa, Cal.
SUMMER HO/VIE F?f\R/V\.
Santa Cruz Mountains, first-class family re-
sort: cottages, tents, hunting and fishing; ar-
tificial lake for boating and swimming; long
distance telephone; campers* return tickets
I $2 50. Send for circular to J. H. HAESTERS.
j Glenwood, Cal.
REGISTRATION^ VOTERS.
REGISTRATION FOR THE SPECIAL
election to be held Thursday, May 26,
: IWS (submitting the new charter to a vote of
i the qualified electors), will commence at the
! office of the Registrar of Voters, in "The City
; Hail," on April 26, IS9S, and continue thenca
i till May 10, inclusive.
The following persons are entitled to reg-
ister:
First— All persons not registered at the last
general or special election, but who are en-
i titled thereto.
i Second— All persons who were registered, but
! by moving out of their "Special Election Pre-
! cinct" or otherwise have lost their right to
vot*.
Third — All native male citizens not registered
and all male naturalized citizens (not regis-
tered) who have become such prior to Febru-
ary 26, IS9B, and are otherwise qualified accord-
ing to law.
All qualified electors -who were registered at
the last general or special election, and who
will have continued to reside within their re-
spective "Special Election Precincts" shall
be entitled to vote without additional regis-
tration.
Office open from 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
Pv order of the Board of Election Commis-
sioners. W. J. BIGGT.
Registrar of Voters.THAT WATER
FRONT JOKER
May Be Run to Earth
at the Conference
To-Day.
Young Republicans May Soon
Be United in One Strong
League.
I^ot Any Iramudlats Prospect of More
Public Sensations for tha
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 17.
It is hard to understand why, just at
this time, when the celebrated water
fr>nt litigation seems in a fair way to
reach a termination, a petition should
.-de to tho *War Deuartment to
••• the pier-head line of Oakland
r. The fact that an official of the
petitioning !!rn la also an employe of one
of the many branches of the Southern
Pacific Company, is proof that the
ge is not Uosired in the interest of
the <ity of Oakland or ihe State of Cali
fornia. It is evident that the decision of
the Supreme Court is not favorable to the
corporation and that it is prepared to
lend its aid to any scheme that will add
to its chances of keeping all competition
from oft the water front.
This action is at one. an encouraging
eifrn and a menace. It is encouraging
bocauso it shows that the Southern Pa
cific foresees a great future for the Oak
land water front, and it naturally wants
to retain it. No fight would be under
taken and no display of unpopularity
risked if the stake were not worth it.
Tho railroad people would far rather ap
pear yielding and pleasant to this city
than provoke a controversy, so that
when a controversy is provoked the game
is worth the candle. For nearly two years
there have boon wharves, managed by
private owners, on the estuary above the
bridges, and the volume of trade 6>one
has exceeded all expectations. The
Southern Pacific is as alive to such ben
.'.;■. any private Individual, and if
!o it wants no mure competition
than it has at present. It must not be
forgotten that Oakland offers the only
opportunity in the bay for rail and water
Eh this respect it has infinitely
more possibilities than San Francisco,
lut because the Southern Pacific owns
the tracks is no reason why it should
monopolise the water.
To-morrow's meeting wi'.h the Govern
ment engineers is of vital importance to
this city, and it is to bo hoi>ed that the
mercantile bodies who have already
strongly protested against tho change of
harbor lines will make a strong and log
ical showing before the United States
engir.' ■
It would soem to be a wise action for
all the young men Republicans of this
city to unite and form an organization
of which ail can be proud. After the
harmonious nature of the meeting last
Friday night, and the positive declara
tion that the league is not pledged to
any candidate and will not be until after
the convention, there seems to be no
reason why Mr. Pulcifer need not join
the rest. It would be a graceful act to
BO arrajige matters as to let him lill th>>
vice-president's chair or some other
office. When all prejudice la cast aside,
it cannot but be admitted that Pulcifer
has a grievance, and a valid one, but
it is evident also that the, time has
passed when it can be arbitrated. What
ever jugglery- was practiced last year,
and there was some, is past and no good
I'.irpose can be served by resurrecting it.
:aly nothing is to be trained by
fomenting strife between the league and
Its frienus and Mr. Pulcifer and his
friends. It is understood that Pulcifer,
is to call a meeting of his friends n>-xt'
week. Should he do so. it will be decid
edly improper for any members of the
league presided over by Mr. Breed to
1. They have declared that theirs
i.- the only league; they have organised
and should not contenance by their pres
ence anything Mr. Pulcifer may do. It
everybody to call a meet
ing and not to expect opposition from
those not In sympathy.
Matters having reached their present
condition, it would seem to be compara
tively easy to harmonize with dignity on
u.ll sides. A Young Men's Republican
League, with 1000 honest memuers, will
Ise a great force on behalf of the
party in this county, and this is the pur
pow of the league. It is not organized
ct a County Auditor, »r a Justice of
the Peace, or an Assemblyman, or a
County Clerk, or a Governor, but to elect
the Republican nominee, and as soon as
it descends to any smaller task it be
i < m<s a piece club and will work more
harm than good to the party it would aid.
A little incident occurred at the court
house on Saturday afternoon that is
worthy of passing mention as it throws
a side light on official life not any too
common. A boy and girl— they were noth
ing more— were anxious to get married.
There was some reason for their anxiety.
The girl was just of age, the boy a little
19. He was an orphan and had no
guardian, and, therefore, no one could
sanction the marriage. Their plight was
made known to Judge Ellsworth just as
he was about to leave for home by a
newspaper man. The Judge looked at the
youths and liked their appearance. He
said if an attorney would act and a re
liable guardian could be found he would
lix matters up. Attorney A. L. Black
offered his Bervtees, and for over an hour
he and the Judge worked to oblige the
young couple. A petition for letters had
to be drawn up, then an affidavit prepared
so that the court fees could be remitted.
Two sureties had to be procured to go
ADVERTISEMENTS.
hß+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+fl+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B4
DON'T BE A WEAK MAN!
Don't let your past errors wreck the happiness of your life. You can
be cured. Over 10,000 such men as you have been cured durin. the past
year by
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
This Is the only sure, permanent way to regain vigor. It has taken
the place of drugs, which never cure. Electricity Is life, and restores life
to men who have lost it. Send for the book
"THREE CLASSES OF MEN," FREE,
Or call at the office and test the Belt free of charge. It means health and r
happiness to you. - .' . '. ■' .'•"-.-' ', '''--..
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., * « oo reward .".
632 .Market Street, 6an Francisco. Will be < paid.- for one of
NOTE— Mako no mlitako In th« numbtr— .i..,. n«tta tphlrh f«n« ■■'
632 MARKET STREET. tllMe UeUB " nlcn ralU
orccc hour*. s a. m. to I p. m.; Sundayj. 10 to generate a current of
to 1 Brnnche* at T.<o«- Ar.gol**, GaL, ?04Vi Electricity.
flovth Brondwoy; rortUmi.'Or.. MS Washington w "^"^ -. J.
' rtreet; . Ppnver Colo,. Ml.- Sixteenth «tract; " ♦— — : — ». '.. ♦ ■
lJttUtl*. Tex.. 2K* Mnln *tr*nt. WBB&Bm§mM
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
on the guardian bond, and court had to
bo reopened by the clerk, as such pro;
oeedlngs must be done "In open court.
The proceedings were then gone through,
oaths administered and just an hour and
a half were consumed In hustling by
Judge and attorney to help out two un
fortunates whom they had never seen be
fore and may never see again, but who
were, anxious to do what was right. I
cannot help thinkins that the list of
Judges and attorneys who would work un
til very late Saturday afternoon under
Mich circumstance* is not very lengthy.
Oakland Is ready for tho next scandal.
The water rnto sensation la dead, al
though Its memory is likely to live for
a year nt loust; tho Grand Jury has
ceased to occupy n prominent place In
th« public mind and the numerous city
Hall rumors fail to Interest. The now
chiefs of tho police and firo departments
lnvo fallen into their niches, and no yp
honval has resulted, and us the "Solid Six
have entered Into control of the municipal
situation in the latter half of a fiscal
year with a deficit ahead of them they
cannot do anything very wrong. 80 tnat v
looks ns though tho city was to be given
over entirely for a time to tho nover
enrfing excitement of politics.
There are some office-seekers now tak
ing every opportunity to come before the
public who will wonder why they are so
unpopular on election day. They will
find their answer in the fact that they
nauseated the public with their intense
"unselfish" zeal for tho success of the
party, before there was any necessity or
rtascn for their doing so. Oakland has
seen "dead-sure combinations" shattered
hopelessly, ami will see It again. There
arc many mon yet unmentionea who will
he elected to office, and this should help
to restrain some of those who already
have elected themselves in their minds.
STUART W. BOOTH.
THEIR STATE
CONVENTION
President Merrill Tells of the
Preparation Being Made
in Los Angeles.
California Offers Two Banners
State Unions Doing Mora
Than They.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
'JOS Broadway, April 17.
Leonard Merritt of Los Angeles, presi
dent of the California State Christian
Endeavor Union, addressed the young
people of this city in the First Congrega
tional Church this afternoon at 3 o'clock;
at the Brooklyn Presbyterian Church at 5
o'clock, and at the Park-street M. E.
Church, Alameda, at 6:30. His addresses
related to the coming of the State con
vention of Endeavorers at Los Angeles,
June 23 to 2*5 inclusive.
He told of the preparations being made
to entertain the visitors, the programme
and the work to be done. The sessions of
the convention are to be held in the new
First Baptist Church, which seats 2000
persons, and has twenty-nine separate
rooms. Within a radius of one block are
five other churches which can be used
in case of necessity. All visitors from
Northern and Central California are to ,
be entertained free of charge while at
tending the meetings. An orchestra of
twenty-five Endeavorers and a choir of
eighty will supply the music, except
soios, duos and quartets.
The programme will be one of the best I
ever prepared for a like gathering. Rev.
Wyland Hoyt, the noted Baptist divine
of Chicago and a popular trustee of the
United Society, will be one of the prin
cipal speakers. No sunrise prayer meet
ings will be held except Sunday morn
ing, but from S:3O to 9:30 each morning '
tlie "morning watch" will be observed
as the opening services for the day. The
business session will toe held Saturday
morning, denominational rallies in the ;
afternoon and evangelical services on«,
Sunday. The evening services will be of i
public interest.
A. R. "Waters, transportation manager
for Northern and Central California, an- ;
nounced rates of one fare for the round
trip, provided 300 from north of Lathrop
made the trip, otherwise the usual one
and a third fare would prevail. It is de
sired that the delegates leave Oakland
pier at 8:30 p. m., Wednesday, June 22,
by special train, which would allow a
daylight trip over Tehachapi. arriving at
Los Angeles for a late lunch about 1
p. m. Thursday.
Mr. Merrill attended a meeting of the '
State executive committee in San Jose
yesterday. The others present were Gen
eral Secretary Francis M. Reid, San
Jose; superintendent of street car and i
railroad men's work, E. C. Gilbert, San
Francisco; suneritendent of Tenth Le- ,
gion, H. J. Waters, Oakland; President
Mrs. J. A. Cameron, Alameda 'City j
Union; President E. H. Baker, Santa
Clara County Union; President J. Dutal,
Santa Cruz County Union; ex-President
William G. Alexander, San Jose; Rev. F. '
H. Marr, Redwood City, and R. R. l'at
terson, editor Pacific Christian Endeav- :
orer. The reports showed the work in
good condition. Five hundred dollars
was set aside for convention expenses ;
and the necessary authority given the !
officers to go ahead with the work out
lined.
Each of the superintendents was au
thorized to purchase a banner and present ;
it to the United Society to be awarded at
Nashville in July to the State Union
doing the most to promote their lines of
work. These are to be awarded each
year on this basis. %
Morning Paper for Berkeley.
BERKELEY. April 17.— The Berkeley I
Evening Gazette has been brought out by i
the }■'. W. Marquand Company, the pub
lishers of the Evening World, and, com
m>nc:ntj with to-morrow morning:, th-3
Gazette will appear daily as a morning
paper. Tho Gazette, World and Weekly
Herald will all be edited by B. F. Foster.
F. M. Marquand is to be business man
ager and C. C. Emslie assistant business
manager of the consolidated journals.
THE SA^ FEAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1898.
N. R. BAGLEY OR
N. O. RANDALL
A Suicide Who Seeks to
Protect His Own
Name.
All Marks Removed From His
Clothing, but a Card Is
Overlooked.
A Mason, Knight Templar, Shrlner
and Elk, but Sick, Out of Monsy
end Despondent.
After a fruitless chass of a
year and a half after health,
which is constantly failing,
my funds are exhausted, so I
take the only course left me
and put an end to an existence
which is only a burden to me,
without hope for the future.
I shall take ten grains of
morphine.
I am a Mason, Knight Tem
plar, Shriner and Elk, and by
notifying them they will
probably see that I am prop
erly started on my journey to
that house not built with
hands where the fare is plain
but wholesome — the oasis to
ward which I am traveling.
I do not wish my friends to
know that I have come to such
an end, so I do not specify to
what lodges I belong, but rely
on my brotners to take a
brotfier's word.
My name is assumed and I
am unknown at Denver. I
much regret the trouble I am
causing.
N. 0. RANDALL.
Herewith my last 50 cents
for my lodging.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, April 17.
A stranger registered at the Crelltn
Hotel last night as N. O. Randall, and
was found unconscious this morning at
9 o'clock. He Is believed to be K. R.
Bagley, and was evidently known at 613
McAllister street, San Francisco, if he
did not live there. He had made every
effort to conceal his identity, but several
telltale marks were found after a thor
ough inspection.
He engaged the room about fl o'clock
last night, registering from Denver. He
appeared very hard of hearing and sat
reading until late. No one attempted to
converse with him, and when he retired
no one had any cause to suspect what
was to follow. When found this morning
the letter already quoted written on two
sides of a sheet of paper was found in an
envelope addressed "Proprietor, Crellin
Hotel."
The stranger had a valise in which
were several books, four shirts, from
which had been torn the maker's marks,
toilet articles, etc. A fancy vest bore
the name N. R. Bagley under the collar.
On an inside pocket of the black Prince
Albert coat was the same name with
"Februray 13, 1593." These were evidently
overlooked by the suicide, as the watch
pocket was cut out to hide the maker's
name. A Shriner's cap was among his
possessions, but the name and number
were cut out. An Elks' emblem also had
the name and number of the lodge
scratched off. In his pocket was a key
chain, ring, two keys, a cigar clipper and
a flat wallet.
The deceased was about 32 to 35 years
of age, has black curly hair, sallow com
plexion, pointed features, and is about 5
feet 10 inches in height. He wore a
black suit, overcoat, brown derby and
ordinary lace shoes. His unrier lip looked
as though a black mustache had lately
been removed.
He was removed to the Receiving Hos
1 pltal, but died before anything could be
done for him. The body was then taken
to the morgue, where an inquest 'will be
held to-morrow evening. The various
orders wore notified and every effort is
being made to Identify him. If this fails
he will be given the honors due a Mason.
Among the effects in his pockets was a
card containing the name "N. R. Biig-
I ley," and in pencil the address 513 Me
. Alltster street, San Francisco.
T. M. Stateler of Alameda called at the
I Morgue to-night and identified the de-
I ceased as Norton R. Bagley of St. Paul.
i He said he saw him last Tuesday for the
last time, when he had a mustache. He
had known him in the East, and said
he would telegraph to the general office
of the Northern Pacific to-morrow and If
i Bagley had any relatives they could find
i them.
The Coroner telegraphed the grand
scribe of the F. and A. M. at St. Paul
to-night for information regarding Bag
ley's lodge connections.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, April 17.-The funeral of
Mrs. Waterman, ■ wife Professor
S. D. Waterman, principal of the Berke
ley High School, will take place to-mor
row afternoon at 2 o'clock from the Trin
ity Methodist Church. Superintendent of
Schools F. E. Perham has ordered the
high school closed all day, and all other
public schools closed during the after
noon, out of respect to the memory of
the deceased-
Professor L. Dv Pont Syle will deliver
the last of the university extension lec
tures at the Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art to-morrow afternoon at 4 o'clock. His
subject will be "The Advantages and De
sirability of an Endowed Theater.'
Harry Hillard and Auss M. Grace Rich
ardson have been appointed delegates
from the First Presbyterian Church of
Berkeley to the Presbyterian State Sun
day school convention, which takes place
next month at Napa.
Professor Syle Lectures.
BERKELEY, April 17.— Professor L Dv
Pont Syle, of the university English de
partment, delivered a lecture this even
ing at Stiles Hall on "The Lesson of the
Roman Republic to the American." The
] lecture was the fourth of a series of five
I lectures by Berkeley and Stanford pro
fessors, under the auspices of the Berke
ley Unitarian Society. Next Sunday even
; ing the concluding lecture of the series
i will be given by President David Starr
Jordan of Stanford University.
Professor Syle, in his lecture to-night,
urged it as the duty of every patriotic
American citizen to Btudy the history of
the Roman republic and to loam how to
avoid in America the defects which caused
the downfall of Rome, particularly the
evils in the distribution of wealth.
The profressor declared that the three
: causes of the downfall of the Roman
! empire — the vast accumulation of wealth
the rapid advancement to citizenship of"
foreigners possessing neither the feelings
nor the tradition* of their adopted coun
| try and the accumulation in the cities of
a vaßt proletariat, idle and consequently
1 vicious— all of these causes are at work
, undermining the American republic to
day.
l7 If tho worship of the almighty dollar
continues to grow at its present rate " ho
] declared, "tho fat* of the American ro
i public In sealed. Tho stream of corrunt-
I Ing wealth which poured into Rome from
her provinces in the far east Ib paralleled
by the recent growth of material wealth
in this country. In this rapid growth of
wealth, an important element has been
the discovery of pold In California, which
was probably the jrer-tent moral curno
thftt has ever befallen tho United States."
Gambling debts ore recoverable by law
In France, Spain, Venezuela., and, income
cases, In Germany.
STRUGGLE FOR
A BIG FORTUNE
One Claimant's Success
Encourages Two
Heirs.
Were Forgotten When John
W. Smith Passed Deeds
Around.
Now They Briivj Suit to Have the
Court Order Equitablo Dis
tribution.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 17.
An action will be brought to-morrow in
tho Superior vfourt to try to annul deeds
covering property valued at a quarter of
a million," and once the estate of the late
John \V. Smith, a capitalist who died in
testate.
John W. Smith is well-known as the
builder of the California and Nevada
! Railroad, and was a very wealthy man.
; During the last months of his life his
came to Oakland from Denver, a«d It Is
j alleged that at different times John W.
Smith gave deeds of different parcels of
* his property to his son Charles and
others, so that when he died, there was
no need of a will and only a few thou
sand dollars in bank.
A creditor named McSorley, finding that
there was no estate from which to col
! lect. brought suit to have the adrninis
j trator, C. K. King, removed on the
I ground that he was incompetent and had
entered into an alleged conspiracy with
I Charles H. Smith to keep certain heirs
! and creditors from participating. It has
come to the knowledge of Sadie Elizabeth
Thompson and Lenna S. Snodgrass that
the claim of McSorley is to be paid and
that the suit will be dismissed to-morrow.
This, it is believed, is being done to avoid
a contest over the deeds. The deeds, it
j is claimed, were never legally delivered
and were all conditional inasmuch as, al
though they conveyed valuable property
to Charles H. Smith and others, John w.
Smith was to have the use of the property
during his lifetime.
These facts coming to the knowledge of
Sadie E. Thompson and Lenna S. Snod
grass, two heirs to whom nothing was
deeded, they have, through their attorney.
Darwin C. de Golia, brought suit to have
Administrator King removed and to have
the large transfers of property to Charles
H. Smith set aside and the estate dis
posed of as any other estate would be
where the owner dies without leaving a
will.
The complaint pets out that "Charles H.
Smith, falsely representing himself to be
a resident of the State of California, re
quested, and by false representation pro
cured, the appointment of one C. K. King
as administrator of the estate; that said
King is the agent and confidant of
Charles H. Smith, and all his acts have
been for the sole interest of Charles H.
Smith and to the detriment of the other
heirs at law, and particularly to the peti
tioners."
It is further charged that King has
mismanaged the estate and that he knows
! the purported deeds are valueless, but has
token no steps to have them set aside.
The complaint says "said King, well
knowing that Elizabeth Smith, widow of
said John W. Smith, deceased. Is and was
an heir at law. willfully omitted any men
tion of said widow In any of the papers
filed by him in the matter of said estate.
"That said King, well knowing that cer
tain attempted transfers of property by
J. W. Smith, deceased, during- his life
time, nnd on or about August 14. 1595, to
said Charles IT. Smith and Albert B.
I Smith. May M. Clark. Martruerite O. Rice.
i Martha J. Hart, Laura W. Portor and
I Anna It. Caynless were invalid and with
out force and effect, has neglected and
refuser! to recover such property for said
estate."
There are many leading attorneys In the
case, and an interesting legal fight is
promised.
CATHOLIC TEUTH SOCIETY.
Union Temperance Services in East
Oakland— Bey. G. "W. Sweeney -
Preaches.
OAKLAND, April 17.— Francis de
Sales Hall was crowded this afternoon
to hear Rev. P. C. Yorke on the aims
and purposes of the Catholic Truth So
ciety. Almost all of the parishes had
large delegations present •to accord
Father Yorke a hearty reception. It is
expected that: a branch of this society
will be organized in this city at no,dis
tant date. Ackerman occupied Rev. R.
Miss Jessie Ackerman occupied Rev. R.
F. Coyle's pulpit to-night. She is a Cali
fornia woman who, already licensed to
preach by the Baptist church, gave her
self to missionary work under . the
Woman's Christian Temperance Union In
1888, sailing from San Francisco to Ha
waii, then to Australia and New Zealand,
and finally around < the world twice,
preaching and organizing as she- trav
eled in -all lands. - -
The Brooklyn Presbyterian and Tenth
avenue Baptist churchc* hold a union
meeting to-night at the former place in
behalf of the Anti-Saloon League move
ment. The Pilgrim Congregational and
Eighth-avenue M. B. churches . did like
wise and were . addressed by Rev. E. S.
Chapman. _. _
Rev. Goorgre W. Sweeney,, formerly
pastor of the First Christian Church,
occupied his old; m place this morn-
Ing, much to the delight of his former
congregation.
. Mrs. Taylor Held for Insanity.
■- OAKLAND, April " 17.— Mrs. . Amy , Tay
lor :of Eighth find ; Harrison streets , wa«
taken to tho ■ I h«oaivinß Hoanital to-day
and detained on a choree : of .-■•: insanity. •
Two years ago .she had i an I operation I per
formed that has caused her considerable
trouble. She, becomes hysterical at times
and to-day was more no, than ever before,
hence her detention, ■ Her attorney called
and talked with « her j for some time > thla
afternoon r and declared that : she ; waa ■: all i
right and would be dlamissed upon ex
amination. .., / , v ' ,
PRACTICED AT
A SILENT FOE
Schuetzen Sharpshooters
Successiully Open
the Season.
John Utschig Was Said to Have
"Scooped" Everything in
Sight.
Valuable Prizes Won by the Quick-
Eyed Marksman- The Full
Soores.
The great annual prize shooting fes
tival of the California Schuetzen Club is
now a matter of ancient history. Rifles
were popping all day at Schuetzen Park,
near San Rafael, yesterday. John
Utschig nearly gave himself heart dis
ease by making 74 out of a possible 73
points on the ring target and 72 on the
honorary target. Miss Regina Plage
mann, prospective author of "How to
Shoot, Though a Woman," won the
ladies' prize by a score of 16, and Philo,
the Jacobite, he of the editorial carpet
slippers, made 69 points.
Shooting began at 9:30 a, m. and con-
tinued until 6 p. m. Eloquent speeches
were made at dinner by President
Ehrenpfort, Phllo Jacoby and Judge
Bahrs.
The Helvetia Rifle Club of Sacramento
was present by special invitation and
made a pood showing. Present from this
club were President Jacob Myer, E.
Schmidt. M. Miller, Capt. F. Ruhstaller.
Albert Meister, William Lampert, Albert
Haingue and E. E. Myer. From San
Jose came Captain Karl Klein and John
B. Kerwin of the San Jose Turner
Schuetzen Rifle Company.
The shooting was remarkably good
over the whole day, over a dozen coming
up to the 70 mark. E. Schmidt of Sacra
mento made the first bullseye In the
morning and F. E. Mason scored the first
25. D. W. McLaughlin made the last
bullseye \n the morning and Charles
Thierbach the first in the afternoon and
President Ehrenpfort the last. In addi
tion to the $275 given for cash prizes for
shooting on the ring targets, $1000 in
valuable prizes was won by those who
distinguished themselves on the honor
ary targets. T. J. Carroll, who has been
shooting-master of the club for eight
years, deserves special mention for the
trouble He took In entertaining visiting
delegations. District Attorney Martinelll
of Marln County stood around with the
tears of anguish running down his
cheeks— he was only able to splinter the
fence.
The corrected list of scores will be
made known Tuesday evening at D. B.
Faktor's place, 14 Ellis street. Captain
Kuhls made 72 on the honorary target,
August Jungblut 72; McLaughlin. A.
Strecker, F. P. Schuster and J. C. Waller
70 each.
John Utschig got In 74 on the public
target and 72 on the honorary, getting
the two first prizes, the best five tickets
on each target and won tnp silver goblet
in addition for shooting the most tickets.
Utschig may be said to have "scooped"
In everything in sight. F. L. Perkins
won the press prize, score 43. The prizes
will all be distributed next Thursday
evening at Eintracht Hall.
The following is the corrected list of
scores made In the medal shoot of two
weeks ago:
First champion class— A. Btrecker, score 459,
(world's record), first prize; Charles Thierbach,
score. 413, second prize.
Second champion clasß— D. B. Faktor, score
426, first prize: J. L. Utschig:, score 420, second
prize.
First class— F. E. Mason, -score 421. first
prize; Albert Ehrenpfort, ucore 403, second
prizo.
Second class— Captain F. Atttnger, score 413,
first prize; A. Gehret, score 406, second prize.
Third class— A. Jungblut, score 393, first
prize; A. Hamper, Bcore 359, second prize.
Fourth class — J. Wallmer, score 378, first
prizo; William Xolden, score 310, second prize.
First best shot— Captain F. Attinger, 25
rinps. Last best shot— Charles Sagehorn, 25
rin^s.
Cadet Class— J. Tammeyer, score 390, first
prize: William Utschix. score 355, second prize;
J. Kuhlmann, score 371, third prize; E. Wer
ner, score 351, fourth prize.
THE YACHTS COME OUT.
The Fleet of Pleasure Boats Now on
the Bay.
Neither the hosts nor the guests of the
California Yacht Club on Saturday even
ing were astir very early on Sunday
morning, it being necessary to await the
turn of the tide at 10:30 a.*Yn., before
starting to beat out of the Oakland
Creek. As soon as the tide had begun to
ebb Commodore J. Lancaster's flag-ship
Embla got under way and was quickly
followed by Commodore Dr. T. L. Hill's
Cygnue, flagship of the San Francisco
Yacht Club, Vice-Commodore George J. S.
White's Will o' the Wisp and Louis
Sutherland's Catherine, the three visitors
from Sausalito. After these followed all
the yachts of the California Yacht Club
that aro already In commission. White
head's Bloop Surprise, Homier's sloop Re
gina, Vice-Commodore G. B. Edgar's
Sappho, R. R. l'Hommedleu's Phoenicia,
Secretary George F. Galther's sloop U
and I, George Woodsum's yawl Verona,
Thetis and E. N. Walter's sloop Embla.
Embla had a large party on board and
carried Commodore C J. Lancaster's
flag. - ■ ■•*■■ :■_...,
The wind was quite ; light, but the
yachta beat out with an ebbing tide from
the Ban Antonio estuary, and once ; out
In the i open ; bay i found a good •..-. breeze
blowing". ; Vice-Commander G. /T. S.
White's Will o1o 1 .the Wisp and . Secretary
Gaither'B U ' and I ; were the \ first - out of
the creek, ■■■ and close v upon them ; cam©
Cy gnus, Catherine/- Bmbla and ■; the -> rest
of the cruising yaehta." . ■
The Ban Francisoo after rot
ting out of the ■ creek, unaped i their course
for [ Sausalito, belns . met on the way over
by Frank Bartlett'e Queen .: and ■F,s F.
Amen" Ella, ex-Commodore ■; 1, .Gutte'a
Chlspa and E, C. Bartiett'a Frolle, which
has -been chartered for the coming sea-
Bon-by«W.L,,;E3aton^^.^;.-, •;.;;;
On beard Pr, T, L, HUla Cygnua, flag
ship of the? San Francisco yacht Club,
were Commodore * Pr, ": T, :L, ? Hill, Secre
tary Chnrles B, Hill, Arthur Inkersley
and C. T. Hill, On board Vice-Commo
dore George T. S. White's sloop Will o'
the Wisp were Arthur Naylor, F. A. L.
Itobartß, G, T, S. White and J. M. Pun
nett. Louis Sutherland's Catherine car
ried Archie Sutherland, H. Maddock,
Broad and J, Menefy.
Cygnus has had extra breadths added
to her malnpfill nnd jib and Commodore
Dr. T. L. Hill thinks that her sailing
qualities have been improved by the in
creased fall nron.
The Bun FrunHsco Yacht Club's new
houßo was visited by many guests and
members yesterday. \V. S. Goodfellow'a
La i'aiumu was out for a cruise yester
day, as Riso was \V. N. McCarthy's Ra
mona. Aggie, flagship of the Pacific
Yacht Club, lay at the wharf all day.
Saturday. April 23, Is the day set for
the opening oi the San Francisco Yacht
Club, and no pains will be spared to
make the first entertainment in the
club's new house a success.
LINCOLN GUN CLUB.
Good Attendance at the Regular
Monthly Shoot at Alameda
Junction.
ALAMEDA. April 17.— There was a good
attendance to-day at the regular monthly
shoot of the Lincoln Gun Club at Ala
meda Junction. There were some good
shots in attendance, and the scores, as a
consequence, were good.
They were as follows:
Regularrlub match, twenty-five birds—
Maguire a, Vincent 2, Forster 20, Haight
23, Ostrander 14, Ktevesahl 20, Shaw 17,
Price 21, Sharp 17, Shackelton 17, Mudd
15, Daniels 18, O. Fisher 24, Kerrison 19,
Javete 19. E. Forster 21, Brur.s 20. Wen
zell 17. Sharrock 8, Ward 12, Feudner 23,
Flicklnger 21. Kearney 19, Franzen IS, An
dTUB 24, Baum IS.
Back scores for the same match were
then shot off with this rosult: O. Feud
ner 22. Naumann 24, Debb 22, Gray 16,
Klevesahl 2:?. Shaw 19. Shackelton lft,
Mudd 12, Daniels 16, Fisher 19, Andrus 20,
Baum 13, Ostrander 6, Haight 25.
Visitors who participated in this match
made the following- scores: Helms 15, F.
Feudner 17, Matterson 22, White 19,
Javete Jr. 8, Sweeney 15, Carlson 13, Lake
19, Blade 21.
Twenty birds, for purse of $27. divided
into two classes, $10 50 for cracks and
$16 50 for amateurs. Crack class — King
20, Ricklefson 20, Sears 19, Haight 19,
O. Feudner 19, Nauman 17, Andrus 17,
Slade 15, Matterson 13.
amateur— Fiickinger 20, White 20, Ed
gar Forster 19, Fisher 18, Klevesahl 18. ■
Olson 18. F. Feudner 18, Wenzell 17, Lake
17, Eugene Forster 16, Kearney 16, Jus
tin 16. Gray 15, Shaw 15, Price 14, Mur
dock 14, Debenham 14. Sharp 13, Burns
13. Franzen 12, Javete 11 Kerrison 5.
Fifteen birds, $1 entrance — Sears 15, '
Ricklefson 14. Flickinger 14. Naumann 13, i
Haight 13, Klevesahl 13, Denenham 13.
Gray 13, Kerrison 13. O. Feudner 12, j
Franzen 12, White 12. Slade 12. Kearney
18, Lake 10. Javete 9, Carlson 6. Shields 5. |
A novelty in shooting called a coursing
event then took place, on which the com- j
petitors shot in pairs, the ties being
shot off by the freeze-out process. Gray,
Flickinger and Fred Feudner were the
final winners, dividing the purse.
The Yordi Inquest.
ALAMEDA, April 17.— Deputy Coroner
Fowler will hold an Inquest at 9:30
o'clock to-morrow morning upon the "re
mains of Miss Mar>' Yordl, who died
last night from the effects of the terrible
injuries received by her from an explod
ing g-asollne stove yesterday morning.
Baseball Game.
ALAMEDA, April 17.— A lively game
of ball was played to-day at the Recrea
tion grounds between the West End Ba
zaars and the Marcuse & Remmels. The
first-named club won by a score of 7 to 6.
iaXFLANATTON.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate minimum temperature
for tho days; those underneath It, If any, the
amount of rainfall or of melted snow tn Inches
and hundredths during the ; aat twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure: Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lowi" usua^ty
first appear on the Washington ?oast. When
the pressure Is high In the Interior and low
along the coast, and the Isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain ts probable;
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is im
probable. With a "high" In the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pr« Mure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
OSOth Meridian— Paclflo Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 17, 6 p. m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 31.15 47.63
AUCTION SALES.
FURNITURE 40 ROOMS.
THIS DAY (MONDAY) at 11 a. m.
115 SECOND ST.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 602 Market.
I Red niuft 0 12.30 23.83
i baeramento 0 b.ST 17. 1 a
San Francisco 0 7.75 22.5 d
Fresno 0 4.01 10. C2
San Luis Obispo 0 G. 05 20.71
Los Anseles 0 5.26 16.74
Pan Diego 0 4. 1S 11.66
Yuma 0 1.66 5.33
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, Ci;
minimum, 46- mean. f.4.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has risen generally over the
country west of the Rocky Mountains. An area
of hlph pressure is moving in over Washington
and Vancouver Island ana will probably cause
fresh northerly winds and warmer weather
over the southern half of the Pacific slope.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary except in Eastern Arizona, where it has
risen decidedly. The temperature In the great
valleys of California is from 9 to 15 degree*
above the normal.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Tatoosh Island. 2fi miles per hour
from the northwest: Idaho Falls. 2S south.
With the exception of light rain at Port An
geles, no rain has fallen on the Pacific slope.
Forecasts made at San Francisco tor thirty
hours ending midn i ~ht, April 18.
Northern California — Fair Monday; fresh
northerly wind; fog on the coast in the morn
ing.
Southern California— Fair Monday: warmer
Monday nieht: fresh northerly wind.
Nevada— Fair Monday; continued warm
! weather.
Xtali— Fair Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday:
warmer; fresh northerly wind; fog in the
morning.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais— Wind
clear, northwest. 36 miles per hour; tempera
ture, 58; maximum tempernuir-. 68
ALEXANDER McADIB.
Locai Forecast Official.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
April. 1898.
Th.
Moofa's Phases.
I
v
14
21
1
8
15
IT
29
2
9
18
23
©i'ull Moon.
April li.
€Last yuarte.-
Aprii ii.
m
I<% New Moon,
| W April 20.
I -mFlrst Quarter,
»
KOTICK TO MARI-.ER3.
A branch of the United States HydrogTaphio
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are co' lally invited to visit th«
cfflce, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, danjcers to navigation and all matter*
of interest to ocean norr.merce.
The time ball on top of the building on I>le
craph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes Lefor«
noon and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic Plgna' received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mart
Island Cal.
A notice statins whether the time ball wai
dropped on time i c giving the error, if any. ts
ruhllfhed the Fame day by the afternoon
papers, and by the mornlne papers the follow
ing day. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. XT. S. N.. In charsre.
6UN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
■Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
APBIL-IS9B.
Monday, April 18.
Sunrises 3:29
Sun sets «:*3
Moon rises 3:51 a. m.
JTlmej Fpat
!L W
Time j Time Ig^
I, W iH Wl
1-
V.'
20
21
22
3:40
4:17
4 -.57
5:3-
6:19
H W
0.2
-0.1
-0.2
I
10:110
10:53
11:12
12:30
1:20
L W
7:00
7:43
4 r,
4:15
4 1-
5:20
5:51
H W
2:12
3:11
1.7
2.1
2.5
2.8
10:*2
11:02
11:30
5.7
5.7
5.«
5.4
-0.2
-0.1
4.1
4.i
L W
6:24
7:00
3.1
3.3
24 1
v.;
i
NTT 77 :— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of ths
day in the on'.er of occurrence as to time. Th»
second time column gives the second tide of
th-> r^v. the thin? time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on tha
United States Coast 6urvey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtractive from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the nean of t' lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO AKHIVC
'onus
•rizaba
.llceBlanchard
Vceott... .
'omona
!lty of Rio
China ana Japan
Humoolot
Seattle
Humboldt
S:in Diego
t'liina and Japan
Panama
Humboldt
Coos Bar
Coos Bay..
Portland
Seattle
Humboldt
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr
tty
Newport
amoa ....
ircata
!mplre. ........
■tate 01 Cat...
!leveland
lomer
I;ieklnaw
Vellinsrton....
ihilkat..
Tacoma
Departure Bay
Humboldt
Victoria and Pupet Sound
tiumooidt*.
Pan Dlea-o
Portland
Alaska
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr
:tty Puebia.. .
lorth Fora.....
ianta Rosa —
)re?on
lumboldt.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
ATIONI
SAILS.
Norm Fork Humboldt . .. Apr 18. it am Pier i
Oregon.... Portland Apr IS. 10 am Pier 12
CityofPara Panama Apr 13.12 M PM &S
Coos JJav.. Newport Apr 19. 9 AM Pier 11
Alameda.. I Sydney Apr 20, 2 pm Pier 7
Orizaba.. ..Humboldt.... Apr 20. 10 A w Pier 9
Arciita I Coos bay Apr 21. 10 AM Pier IS
Dmatllla... Vie & Pgt Sna Apr 31.10 am Pier 9
Pomona.. • San Die?o.... Apr 21.11 am Pier 11
ABlanchrd Vaqulna Bay. Apr 21. 8 PM Pier 13
Weeott Humboldt.... Apr 22, 9am Pier 13
State of Cal Portland Apr 23.10 am Pier 24
Homer... Humboldt ... Apr 23. 9AM Pier 11
Cleveland.. Puget Sound. Apr 23
Venus I China &Ja par Apr 2». 1 pm PM SS
SUll*£*lj»U JLVrKLLIUEKCK.
AKRIVED.
Sunday, April 17.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, 82 hours fiom New
port an<l way ports. '
Stmr Hueneme, Mclntyre. 59 hours from
Stmr Crescent -lty, Stockfleth, 66 hours from
Grays Harbor, via Crescent City 30 hours.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, 59 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports.
Schr Abble M Deering, Winchester, 108 day a
r< Schr Claudina, Nielsen, 7 days from
Schr Nettle Low, Low, 5 hours from Point
Schr J Epplnger Colstrup. 10 hours from
Stewarts Point.
Sofcr Albion. Christensen, 214 day* from Co
aullle River.
Sunday, April 17.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund.
Br ship Manydown. Robertson, Queenstown
via Port Townsend.
Haw bark Mauna Ala, Smith, Honolulu.
Schr S Danielson, Nelson.
TKLRdRAPHTC.
POINT LOBOS— April 17, 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 10 miles.
I>OMESTIC PORTS.
TATOOSH— Passed Apr 17— Stmr Gertie Sto
rey, from Puget Sound.
SEATTLE— Arrived Apr 16— Str South Coast,
from W ran gel. „
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Apr 16-Stmr
Alcazar, from Greenwood.
COOS BAT— Sailed Apr 16— Schr Wing and
TV i wr for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Apr 17— Schr Eliza
Miller, from Eureka; schr Comet, from Port
T YTOOSH— Passed Apr 17— Ger bark Pallas,
from Hastings Mill for TJ X; bktn Klikitat. fm
Honolulu for Port Gamble; bark Alex McNeil,
from Seattle for San Francisco.
NEWPORT— Arrived Apr 17— Schr Lillebonne,
from Eureka.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Apr 17— Schr C H
Merchant.
Arrived Apr 17— Stmr Aleatraz, hence Apr 15.
COOS BAY— Arrived Apr 17— Stmr Arcata.ho „
ASTORIA— SaiIed Apr 17— Br bark Puritan,
for TJ K.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VANCOUVER— Arrived prior to Apr I>— Br
ship Cresslngton. from Rio de Janeiro.
•"""^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
>M^«P*HM 625 KEABXT ST. Established
*'r! Sr2;fl In IX5* for the treatment of Private
fftJ.K. «M Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
H|^HiHK disease vearlnsron bodyand mind ami
•w-VSSCnI Skin Diseases, 'riiHilociorcureswlifM
JVvfci*'He'J3<'ttiersfiiil. Try him. Charts low
£3«S£^S£^ fnrc»cnarnnir*il. Cnllorwrlte.
Dr. J. F. (.IU.IOX, Box 1937. SauJt'rMciaco.
78
COURSING AT THE TWO PARKS.
UNION PARK.
The card at Union Park yesterday In
the Reserve and Consolation stakes of
fered the very best of sport to the de
votees of coursing, and inasmuch as a
number of shortenders won, the talent re
turned home happy, with the coin in their
pockets. There were a half dozen occa
sions in the commission books when the
knowing ones started the ball rolling at
long odds and were caught up with short
turns; especially was this the case in
the White Chief and Theron course in the
first ties. The latter led to the hare and
was, the hot thins in the ring, but the
hare doubled on him and White Chief
took possession on the fluke and won.
There was an unusually large crowd
present yesterday, the betting was heavy,
the hares fast and strong, the courses
long and exciting, and no accidents hap
pened to mar the pleasure of the sport.
Cavalier won the final from Sweet Lips
by his endurance, speed and pluck. Book
maker Wai ten laid 45 to 1 against him at
the openine, but after his course with
Van Needa the talent got a line on his
superb form, and the odds took a rapid
slump and closed at little better than
even money. ■ ;' V
In the first ties Metallic, a shortender,
v. on from Eclipse, and the majority of the
ring looked sick, and they had not the
time to recover before Forget, at 7 to 1,
lowered the colors of the peerless Rusty
Gold. This was the greatest surprise of
the day, as White Chiefs victory over
Theron was purely a fluke.
In the first ties in the Consolation stake.
In the course between Santa Alecia and
Terrcna, the latter was the favorite, but
the first run was a "no go." and the
odds gave way to even money. In the
next course Santa Alecia won by a safe
margin, although there was some dissat
isfaction expressed by the crowd. Ter
rona led to the hare, but Alecia turned,
wrenched and killed. The kick came
mostly from the touts who had lost about
$2 apiece.
In the Consolation stake Chartist won
the final by beautiful work. He sold after
the first ties as hijrh as 6 to 1. In the
final he put out the favorite. Firm Friend,
and added another score to the tally of
the shortenders for the day.
Following is how the dogs ran:
In the first ties in the Reserve stake, all-ape
greyhounds, prizes $200, $100. $GO. $30. $30, $30,
next six $16 each and next twelve $5 each,
Pasha kennel's Metallic beat ii. B. Kay's
Eclipse; J. J. Edmond's Forget beat D. J.
Healey's Rusty Gold: Curtis & Son's Cavalier
beat P. J. Rush's Van Needa; J. Goldman's
Sarcastic beat E. Campbell's Bendalong; E.
V Sullivan's Jester beat R. W. Mastiek's Gilt
Edge; Al Austin's Douglass beat R. B. Kay's
Crosspnfh: J. J. Rdmnnfl's Move On bent S.
W. Smith's Sans Sonet; J. Seggerson's White
Chief beat George Whitney's Theron; T. J.
Cronin's Magnet beat A. Johnson's Xod Sloan;
J. J. Warren's Sweet Lips beat E. V. Sulli
van's False Flatterer: Larkey & Rock's Myrtle
beat P. B. Butler's The Turk: D. Ford's Bo
nlta beat K. B. Kay's Carmody.
In the second ties Forget beat Metallic: Cav
alier beat Sarcastic; Jester beat Douglass:
Move On beat White Chief; Sweet Lips beat
Magnet; Bonita beat Myrtle.
In the third ties Cavalier beat Forget: Jester
beat Move On: Sweet Lips beat Bonlta.
Fourth ties— Cavalier beat Jester: Sweet Lips
ran an undecided bye -with Van Needa.
Final— Cavalier.
In the first ties in the Consolation sake,
prizes. $50, $25, $15, $10, $10, $10, next six
$5 each:
Pasha kennel's Santa Al^ln ''-it W. C. :
Glasson's Terrona; J. Sullivan's Kilkenny Girl
beat J. McNeil's Sportsman; C. Strehl's Star 1
Pointer beat D Ford's Black Swan; Pasha :
kennel's Firm Friend beat J. R. Diekson's ;
Premier; Joseph M"Z7.ini's Magic beat Curtis ;
& Son's Commodore: Curtis & Son's Chartist j
beat Joseph Mozzlnl's Little Dorrit.
In the second ties Santa Alecia beat Kil
kenny Girl; Firm Friend beat Star Pointer: ;
Chartist beat Magic.
In 'the third ties Firm Friend beat Santa
Alecla; Chartist ran a bye with Theron.
Final— Chartist.
RACING AT INGLESIDE.
The Local Track Reopens To-Day for
Its Final Meeting.
Ingleside track will reopen to-day for j
its final meeting of the racing season.
The card is composed of six events, near
ly all selling affairs.
The entries are as follows:
First race— Half a mile; two-year-old fillies.
... Modwera 115 906 Practice 105
832 Winifred 110 845 Amoltopec 115
895 Crossmolina ...110 906 Bonibel 115
Second — Three-quarters of a mile; sell
ing.
898 Potentate ......1121 527 Torpedo 106 |
BSO Lodestar 106 910 Imp. Mistral 11.109
765 O'Fleeta 114 917 San Mateo 109
893 McFarlane 109 204 Boreas 112
m Zamar II 111(898) Geo. Miller 114
(593) Fly 109 897 Break o' Day... 104
897 Midlipht 109 (31) Frank James.. .lo6
897 Charles a 109
Third race— One mile: three-year-olds.
902 Eddie Jones.... 559 Torslda 106 i
903 Bitter Root 11l 902 San Venado 11l
914 Linstock 10S 1 S7S Morellito 11l
Fourth — One and a quarter miles: Bell
ini?.
896 Twlnkler 92 SIS Satyr 107 '
$02 ! >y del Tierra.lo2 916 Don Clarencio..lo7 !
916 Attieus 99 ■•! Little -Cripple... lo3
833 Tulare 103
Fifth race Five-eighths of a mile; two-year
olds; selling.
564 Ocorona 107| "'■'< Ach 116 :
... The Fretter 110 819 La Juanlta 107
912 Polka 110 906 Canace 107
... Hannah Reid... 107
Sixth — One mile; selling.
572 Lena, 1051897 Miss Ross 113
,-72 Allahabad 107 796 Velox .....11l
008 Metalre 11l 798 Justine 105
881 Stentor IDS 783 Kaiser Ludwlg.llo
893 Cavallo IK S'J7 The Plutocrat..
904 Caspar in 1
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
FirFt race— Winifred. Bonibel, Amoltopec.
S»c<md race— Midlight, George Miller, San I
Mateo.
Third race— Eddie Jones, Torstda, Morellito. ;
Fourth race— Satyr. Don ciarenclo, Tulare. i
Fifth race— Ach. Canape, Ocorona.
Sixth rac Caspar. The Plutocrat, Lena.
Handball Tournament.
The management of the San Francisco
Handball Court at SSS Howard street
has in contemplation the getting up of a
tournament in the near future, and for
this purpose offers medals for a series
of championship games between the best
teams in the city. In a discussion of the
matter between several of the players
yesterday afternoon there appeared to be
a general desire that such a series should
be played. It was suggested that the fol
lowing teams should be coupled, but in
asmuch as many of the proposed partici
pants were not present nothing conclu
sive was determined. The teams as pro
posed are as follows: Kilgallon and
Hampton, Linehan and 'White, Bonnet
and Murphy, Riordan and Collins and
Nealon and Toy. Should these players
consent to play as coupled the games
will be well worth witnessing, and the
general opinion as expressed by those
who should know and who were con
sulted on the matter w;is that it would
be difficult to choose the winners. The
matter will be brought to the attention
of the players in the near future and
there is little doubt ' that all con
cerned will agree to the coupling as pro
posed. There will be two medals for the
first and second teams.
The play at this court yesterday was
up to the usual standard. The results of
the day's play are as follows:
E Crawford aDd D. D'Arcy defeated P.
Talo and T. Foley. Score: 21-15. 14-21. 21-17.
P Stetner and L. Corralne defeated w. Man
ion' and M. McNeil. Score: 21-16. 13-21, 21-19.
D J. Sheehan and N. J. Prendergast de
feated J. R- Bookman and E. MoJJonough.
Score: 21-17, 16-11, 21-20.
E White and D. Re^an defeated P. Ryan
and M. Hasch. Score: 21-18. lfi-21, 21-17. .
T Leach and J. Hngan defeated \\ . Hamilton
and J. Kirby Be re: 21-1?. 16-21. 21-17.
M J Kilsallon .and A. Hampton defeated J.
C. NValon and P. Donnelly. Score: 21-16, 14-21,
21-1S
J C Nealon and R. Linehan defeated M. J.
Kilttallon and A. Hampton. Score: 21-17. IS2I.
21-20.
Died From His Injuries.
Lester A. Young, the shin carpenter
who was injured on the ship Two Broth
ers on March 22, died at the French Hos
pital yesterday afternoon. Young was
woridhg on board the ship, which was
lying at Main-street wharf, and fell sev
enteen feet into the hold. He sustained a
fracture of the skull ;tt the base of the
brain, and vas treated at the Harbor
Hospital. Young was 22 years old. He
leaves a brother living here and a father
and mothor residing at Sacramento.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Brnmo Quinine Tablets. All drug- |
gists refund the money if It fails to cure. 25c
Th» *ennuie baa L. B. Q. on each tablet I
INGLESIDE.
Over 5000 people saw splendid coursing
al the Ingleside coursing grounds yeater
day. The hounds were all fast and the
hares were In unusually good order. The
talent was in a quandary during the
afternoon, as short enders walked In
without much effort.
The form players were of the opinion
that Pet Kirby would win the stake, but
as the winners dwindled down a strong
play was made on Seminole, who won *h«
money in handy fashion. Gladiator was
a disappointment to many, but they
seemed to pull up In the other courses,
although many were at the bad when the
final was announced.
The entire card was evenly drawn, and
! in consequence money was simply poured
into the pool boxes. Rather a strong
play went down on Firenza to win the
final, but a guessing contest proved Sem
inole the winner. The splendid form
shown by Van Cloie will warrant a stake
winner in the near future, and money
will be plentiful when she starts against
' any number of fleet hounds. It Is due to
i not only the training of the fleet one,
but the blood itself, which is oound to
tell within a few weeks.
Those who played against the flyer In
i the lirst two or three courses were sorry
they were not form players, but in the
end the game little hound went down,
afu-r a hard and well-fought course.
Two or three "kicks" were made
1 agrainst the decision given by Judge
Grace, but it is always so on any track
: where races are started. The sport dur
ing the day proved exceptionally good,
; and the majority of visitors went home
, satisfied with the day's sport.
The judge's decisions looked like this:
P. Brophy's Kenicla Boy beat D. L. Desl
mone's Buckwa; James McCormick's White
Win^s beat D. Roche's Gold Dust; M. Mlch
alik's Fireball beat W. Ryan's Signal; Lar
i key & Rock's Hercules beat T. McHugh's
Springfield; J. Shea's Firenza beat J. Dean's
Qladiator; D. Hooper's Koo Lawn beat Lowe&
Thompson's Prince of Fashion; M. Nealon's
Van Clole beat S. E. Portal's LiKhtnins; F.
M-. ran's Van Kirk beat M. Nealon's Van
Knapp; Deckelman & Panarlo'a Pet Kirby
beat Larkey & Rock's Liberty Bell; J Cox's
Port Costa beat M. Kerrigan's Lady Blanche;
S. E. Portal's At Last beat J. liyrne's Nelly
j B; J. Mouconi's Olein beat W. J. Shield's Cllf
fette; J. Byrne's Seminole beat A. Johnson's
Mountain Beauty; Brown & Lucas's Van Nida
I beat E. J. Heney's Harkaway; J. Dean's
Nelly Conroy beat Lynch & Mayer's Dakota;
, J. M. Stilwell's Little Dell beat B. Dougherty's
Te.ssie Fair.
First ties— Cenicia Boy beat White Wings; j
Hercules beat Fireball; Firenza beat Koo '
Lawn; Van cinle beat Van Kirk; Pet Kirby i
beat Port Costa; Oleln beat At Last: Seminole
beat Van Nida; Little Dell beat Nelly Conroy. j
Beoond ties— Benicia Boy beat Hercules; Fi- I
renza beat Van Cloie: Pet Kirby beat Olein;
Seminole beat Little Dell.
Thirl tins— Fin.-nza beat Benlcla Boy; Semi
nole beat Pet Kirby.
Final— Seminole beat Firenza and won the
money.
At Modesto the money was won by
Tip, Tom Sharkey and Port Costa Lass.
Coursing at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. April 17.— There was j
thp usual large crowd at the coursing ■
matches at Agricultural Park to-day, i
and very good sport. The class of local \
dogs in the field is very good at present |
and it takes extra fleet greyhounds to \
beat them. There were several new dogs
entered and a good sprinkling of the old j
favorites. As a special feature there was \
a one-mile open and a one-mile handicap
cycle race. In the first Trahn, Bates, |
Morse, Duval and Devlin were the con- i
testants. Trahn won in 2:40. with Morse I
second, Duval third. In the handicap '■
Duval won in 6:25, with Trahn second
and Bates third.
In the run-offs Sailor Boy beat Bowery Boy:
B B and B beat Aliso; Vantralle beat Oak- I
land Belle; Beau Brummel beat Fleet wood
after a tie; Matinee beat La Tosca; fionno j
beat Frisco; Blue Diamond beat Queen J a i
bye: Fannie S beat Sorceress; Corbett beat
Tiger; Little Brown Jug beat Little Tycoon:
Napoleon I beat Speedwell; Van Brulle beat
Shamrock; Doncaeter beat Ram; Lady Wai- I
laic beat Kitty Scott a bye: Reliance beat In- >
nocent Daisy a bye; Juliet beat Sailor Girl.
In the match race, John Mitchell and Dan j
C. Dan C beat.
In the first ties B B and B beat Sailor Boy; j
Vantralle beat Beau Brummel; Matinee beat ;
Romeo; Fannie S beat Queen J after a tie: !
(VrbPtt beat Little Brown Jug; Van Brulle
beat Napoleon I: Kitty Scott beat Doncaster; !
Juliet beat Innocent Daisy.
In the second ties Vantralle beat B B and B: :
Matinee beat Fannie S after two ties; Van
Brulle beat Corbett after a tie; Kitty Scott j
beat Juliet.
In the third ties Vantralle beat Matinee;
Kitty Scott beat Van Rrulle.
In the match race between Can Can and
Lady S'.nper, Lady Singer won.
In the finals Kit* Scott beat Vantralle. with I
Van Brulle third; the rest divided.
AMONG THE SHOOTERS.
Members of the National Guard Prac
tice at Shell Mound Range.
The conditions for making high scores,
at She.i Mound range, yesterday, were ex
cellent. The light was good and there !
was not enough wind to cause any an
noyance. At no time during the day was
it found necessary to change the wind
gauges of the rifles more than two points.
yesterday, however, was an off day at ,
Shell Mound, there being but few marks
men at the range, many no doubt having j
been attracted to the big shoot at Schuet
zen Park.
Company F of the Fifth Infantry made j
some excellent scores in a practice shoot .
at the 200 and 500 yard targets. The |
shooting commenced at the 200 yard tar- |
get, and all marksmen making scores of .
fifteen and over in tne five shots allowed i
were permitted to practice at the 500 yard |
target. The following are tne scores of
the nineteen men shooting at both dis
taiicps:
Lieutenant TV. H. Cobbledick. 46: Lieu
tenant C. C. Covalt, 41; Sergeant H. F. j
Bennett, 30; Sergeant A. F. Hanson, 28;
Corporal G. E. Reed, 20; privates, E. E.
Darling, 43; W. E. Leonard. 39; W. F.
Dade, 35; V. C. Peterson, 38; L. C. Davis,
32: G. Dlxon, 32; L. R. Keller, 32; J. P.
McCrudden. 29; L. W. Carpenter, 32; H. B.
Gerrlsh, 30; D. C. Preston, 30; J. S. Car
ney. 26; F. Barker. 21; G. \V. Crew, 32. ,
Those having failed to score sufficient
points to entitle them to shoot at the
longer range continued shooting at the
200 yard target, making the following !
pcores out of a possible fifty in the ten
shots allowed:
Privates— A. E. Henbridge. 23; U. G.
Axx, 20; G. Means, 25; J. Wood, 19; A.
Anderson, 22: P. Johansen. 21; A. J. Har
furd, 23; F. Fraights, 15; F. L. Davis, 5;
N. King. 24; A. Fick, 25, and Corporal G. j
\\ . N'Ukerson. 24.
The Knights of the Red Branch were
represented by but tnree members, who
shot at the 200 yard target, making the
following scores: D. Russell, 40; M. Gaul,
3S; J. Leary. 13.
Germans Sang and Danced.
The San Francisco Gruetli-Verein gave
' a concert and ball last night at Turner
i Hall, Turk street. The large room was
crowded and an excellent programme was
given. Those who took part in the en
tertainment were: Alfred Fischer. Miss
; Leo Wefelsburg. Dl Gingg, A. A. Borlini,
! L. Hauser, William Schmaiz, H. Calame,
! J. Aernl, A. Gehret, Ad. Locher and the
: Gesangs Section Gruetli-Verein. After
tho concert dancing was commenced and
j kept up till a late hour.
Missing From Home.
Mrs. Baumm. living at 2305 Taylor
street, last night reported to the police
that her daughter Merle, aged 9 years,
was among the missing. The girl left
her home yesterday afternoon to visit
the Orpheum, and as she had not re
turned up to 8 o'clock last night her
mother became anxious and sought the
assistance of the police in finding her.
Father Yorke's Lecture.
Rev. P. C. Yorke will deliver a lecture
at the Metropolitan Temple to-night for
the benefit of St. Joseph's Home for Deaf
Mute Children. The subject selected is
"Christian Charity." Following the lec
ture there will be an exhibition of the
sign language by the children of the
home.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
The Supreme Lodge Convention and
the Uniform Rank Encampment will be a
held in Indianapolis, commencing August
22. The big parade of the Uniform Rank
will take place on the 23d, and it is ex
pected that there will be 25.000 men in
line. General James R. Carnahan has ex
pressed the opinion that the next en
campment will be the largest ever held
since the foundation of the order.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 18, 189$
FOUGHT FOR
A FAIR ONE
THEY LOVED
Ed Parker and Wil
liam McCurren as
Hard Hitters.
Walked to the Ocean
Beach to Draw Blood
for Honor's Sake.
In Six Rounds a Colored Lad
Forgot He Had the Affec
tions of Any One.
THE POLICE TROUBLESOME
Weight and Hard Hittin.j Carried the
Day, But Another Go May
Soon Follow.
Ed Parker, colored, is now a back num
ber so far as winning the affections of
the girl loved and courted by William
McCurren is concerned. Yesterday after
noon the battle was fought, and for six
hard and vicious rounds the blood flowed
from punches given with .fcur ounce
gloves, and the winner left the field vic
torious, but at the same time rather dis
abled from a standpoint of physical
beauty.
For weeks and weeks the two parties
have passed words which were not of the
sweetest, and yesterday the disturbance
was drawn to a conclusion with McCur
ren- plainly a winner for the hand and
heart of the girl in question. Out in the
desert— or rather barn— the ring was
pitched, and with a determination to do ;
or die the two youngsters started to an
nihilate one another.
Early in the afternoon the two com
batants started for a field large enough
for the fray, followed by admirers and
seconds. For miles and miles they
tramped after the end of the car line was
reached, but at each stopping point a
bluecoat seemed to pop up serenely, and
a change of location was quickly made.
From Ingleslde to San Mateo County was
quickly traversed, but rest or fight was
not yet to be had as there were others.
Finally a tent was pitched near the
ocean beach, but it was finally decided
to fight in a deserted barn called the
Ocean View barn, or stopping place. For
fear more interruption would follow, the
men were soon placed In position and the
go was on. It was plainly seen from the
start that McCurren would be the win
ner, but the colored lad stayed with it
until he was completely knocked out in
the sixth round. Then the fun com
menced. Many were there who thought
the mill had not been carried off in the
best of shape, and were willing to try
conclusions with any of the number of
the opposition.
While the fight was in progress some
points were witnessed and some blows de
livered which would be acceptable . to any
patron of the arena. Cross counters,
Bide stops and swings were thrown in
with indistinguishable precision, and fin
ally, when the colored lad reposed on the
floor of the deserted barn, a sigh of re
lief on some sides and of worriment on
the others filled the atmosphere in the
neighborhood. Those who had backed the
winner wanted to shout, but the vicinity
was not healthy for such demonstrations
and their anxiety was squelched.
The fight by rounds was a wonder as
far as exclamations of the participants
was concerned. "She's mine" one would
say. and the other would reply, "Wait
until you w*.ke up from a Rip Van Winkle
sleep. 1 '
The mill was almost furious at times,
but the sport was all right from a punch
ing standpoint. "Now dar, my honey,
don' you tink you was satisfactorily Jus
tified' for inflicting punishment on the
floating ribs of the aggressor?" But a
whack would soon satisfy the questioner
that he v:as mistaken on the item of
sneed or staying powers.
It is rumored that another go will bo
arranged, as the condition of Parker was
not of the best, but there are many who
saw the mill who are willing to bet that
th» Mexican lad ran "do" the colored boy
with a punch. However, the money will
be readily covered by those who are still
believersin the strength and hitting pow
ers of trip lad who fought for the affec
tions of a girl with whom he had traveled
for many a day. -V-^'
The fighters wore evidently in earnest
as they had to walk about five miles to
arrive at a. place where the mill could
be carried off, and. in consequence, those
who paw the punches were satisfied that
the go was for blood or the well wishes
of the girl whose name has been kept
In the minds of thp combatants alone.
"What will the poor rlrl do?" If both
should have dropped dead together. was
freely asked and answered, but those who
are a warn of the stances surround
ing the fight think that there are others
on the llnp who may suit the fair one.
and he"cc. tr"> bitter fight nut up by those
who thought, they were the only "peb
bles on the water front."
A SPRING OUTING.
The Dolphin Swimming and Boating
Club Holds a Sticcessful Picnic
at Mirabel Park.
Nearly 1400 pleasure seekers. armed with
lunch baskets and togged out in their
summer finery, journeyed to Mirabel Park
yesterday to participate in the twentieth
annual excursion and picnic of the Dol
phin Swimming and Boating Club.
It being the first picnic of importance of
the season, a larger crowd than that
which attended was anticipated. Two
thirds of the merry-makers were of the
male species, which led one disgusted
tough to dub it a "stag" affair. The ab
sence of the fair sex may account for the
numerous fights that enlivened the out
ing, despite the energetic efforts of the
police and the club members to suppress
them. Through the watchfulness of the
officers no severe Injuries resulted.
After a comfortable ride of a little over
two hours the picnickers arrived at the
pleasure grounds, and many were the fa
vorable comments on their adaptability
for picnics.
Shuppert's band of eight pieces attract
ed many to the dance hall by their tune
ful melodies, while others enjoyed boat
ing and rambles.
The Dolphins have decided to discon
tinue giving public picnics, as the rough
element cannot be kept away, and their
violent quarrels in former years have In
jured the club's standing in the com
munity.
Who Owns the Coat and Vest?
James Savage, a "dope fiend," was ar
rested in a pawnshop at 666 Howard
street yesterday morning by Policeman
F. W. Smith as he was trying to sell a
seal brown sack coat and vest, which
had a card on them marked "Lot 10.786."
Savage could not give a satisfactory ac
count of how he became possessed of the
articles, and Smith locked him up in "the
tanks" pending further investigation.
Considered the Charter.
Delegates from various labor unions
of this city met yesterday to consider the
new charter, but although a motion to in
dorse it as a whole was made, a vote on
the motion was postponed for one week.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Th« fie- /f
BY A MESSAGE
FROM THE DEAD
A Spiritualistic Seance
Caused a Family
Quarrel.
Mrs. Goll«r Was Told by Her
Deceased Husband to Deed
Away Her Property.
Regretted Her Action, but a Peaceful
Settlement 01 the Trouble
Was Effaoted.
The property which was deeded to Mrs.
Bernardino Hildebrandt by her mother-in
law, Phillipina Goller some nine months
ago on account of a spiritualistic message
frum the latter's deceased husband, has
been conveyed to Lottie and Mildred
Strippel, grandchildren of Mrs. Gol
ler, and the suit instituted to set aside
the former deed has been withdrawn.
This arrangement is entirely satisfactory
to all the parties concerned, and the fam
ily which nas been split up with internal
dissension lor many months is once more
happily united.
me property of Mrs. Goller is worth
about *ouw, and it was understood by the
entire family that this should some day
be turned over to the two little grand
children. The daughter-in-law, Mrs.
Hildttrandt, and her husband, had man
aged the property for the old lady and
hud done their work well. Mrs. Hilde
brandt is a spiritualistic medium and fre
quently had sittings with Mrs. Goller. At
one of these Mrs. Goller received a mes
sage from her husband, who had died
some time before, and this message ad
vised her to deed the property to her
daughter-in-law. The reason given was
that the property could be more easily
managed by Mrs. Hildebrandt if it were
in her name. Mrs. Goller did as directed
by her husband's message, and the deeds
were turned over to the daughter-in-law
with the understanding that the property
was to be held in trust for the two chil-
Trouble arose in the family over the
matter, and Mrs. Lillie Strippel, the
mother of the children, and Mrs. Goller
becoming convinced that Mrs. Hilde
brandt had taken possession of the prop
erty from no good motive, brought suit
to set aside the deed, alleging that undue
influence had been used in the transac-
Friends of the family brought about a
j consultation between the aggrieved mem
bers Saturday and a harmonious settle
ment was effected. Mrs. Goller wrote a
' letter over her signature entirely exoner
ating Mrs. Hildebrandt from the sus
' ptcion of mercenary motives in having
j received the deed. In regard to the al
j legation that undue influence had been
• used, she said: "My deed of that prop
] erty to you was made of my own free
; will and choice without any suggestion
: from or request by you."
By means of this letter a peaceful
! reconciliation was brought about. Mrs.
Hildebrandt feeling that if she retained
possession of the real estate some might
: s? till think her motives were not honor
: able, deeded It to the mother of the chil
: dren, who In turn transferred it to the
! little girls themselves. Mr. Hildebrandt
was appointed guardian of the children
I and the management of the property was
left to his care.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franclsro
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nlpht !r the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
«21 McAllister «twet; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street: open D "1 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
22fil Market street, corner BlxL^nth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Miysion street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. 16, <i JL^%
K. T.. Golden Gate buildln?,- 625 But- \trmr
ter st.-Stated assembly THIS EVEN- l«|l
ING at 8 o'clock. All f raters are n^
courteously invited.
JONATHAN M. PEEL, Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, ft
Royal Arch Masons, meets THIS _£*_
EVENING. Business, P. M. and M. iSJT
E. M. degrees. H. G. PRINCE. Sec. /V >
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. ■
M.-Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) Jf\-
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- TCjT
tree. By order of^ . TURNER> w^
GEO. W. TURNER, W. M.
G. W. ROOT, Secretary. _
KING" SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. •
and A. M.. Franklin Hall. 1539 Fill- _JV-
more .St.— First degree THI~ (MON- l^Jf
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By'V>
order of the Master. HARRY BAEHR,
Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. ■■ .
-Called meeting THIS DAY (MON- _/%_
DAY), April IS, 189S, at 7:30 p. m. TKjP
First degree. By order of the W. M. Iyr >
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union Association
meets THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at. 7:30
o'clock. A full attendance Is earnestly re-
quested, as business of Importance will be
transacted. By order
A. CAMPBELL, Pres.
F. E. DURHAM. Rec. Sec.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
AMERICAN Battalion; independent military
organization. For membership apply at head-
quarters. 927 Market St., room 609. GEO. W.
JOHNSON, acting major. -
NOTICE is hereby given that the following
orphans, half-orphans and abandoned girls
have been received at Maria Kip Orphanage
from January 1 to April 1, 1898: Adah Lois
Madellen, age 3 years; Mary Josephine
O'Neill, age 3 years 1 month; Ida Brown, age
9 years 8 months; Fannie Lowans. age 9
years; Pauline Brown, age 6 years 10 months;
Mllllcent Huntlngton. age 4 years.
MISS R. CLEVELAND from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 995 Market, near Sixth,
room 14. . ... ' ■ . -• ■'.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. - PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., room 6; tel. 5580.
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. .120% Geary St., room 11. -
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened. $1. 343
Third st. and 2808 Twenty-fourth.
EDNA V. GRANT, genuine massage baths.
215 Kearny st., room 2. .
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
Post St., room 10, second floor front.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15& Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
MISS MAYS, genuine alcohol. Turkish and
magnetic baths. 1007 Market st., room 2.
MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. „
DIVIDEND^o!7c^DITiten(T~No. 54~ (forty
cents per share) of the HUTCHINSON
SUGAR PLANTATION COMPANY will be
payable at . the office of the company. 327
Market st. on and > after Wednesday, April
20, 1898. Transfer books will i close on . Thurs-
day, April 14, 1898, at 3 o'clock p. m. .
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary. ,
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
COMPETENT" Norwegian," also German cooks,
desire situations. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st. . , ■.. .".'- .'■: •,;"--:
REFINED woman, with a child, desires situa-
tion; good cook and housework; best refer-
ences; country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
REFINED French nurse and second girl de-
sires situation; 2 years last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
AT the Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau a number of first-class girls awaiting
situations; cooks, second girls, chambermaids
and housegirls for city and country. MRS.
NORTON, 323 Sutter St. ; tel. Green 721.
NEW ENGLAND woman wishes housework;
good cook and laundress; city or country. 276
Minna st., near Fourth.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker, flrßt-class fitter
and designer, wishes few more engagements;
prices moderate. 1073% Market st.
BOHEMIAN girl who is first-class in second
work; city or country. Address MRS. SUO-
BODA, northeast cor. Sutter and Larkin sts.
SITUATIONS V ANTED— Continued.
WIDOW would like position of trust or light
service in family who would appreciate a
willing, industrious person; home object more
than high wages. Address for 3 days, box
3358, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general housework
and cooking; city or country. Apply 10
S'-ockton place, bet. Grant aye. and Stockton
si., Sutter and Post.
WANTED by respectable woman, position as
housekeeper In small family or widower's
lamily with children by relial c person. Box
mST-CLASS dress and cloak maker wishes
few more engagements; Jl 25 per day; city or
country. Address box 23, Call Branch, IC6
Eleventh st.
YOUNG woman wishes to do housework;
wages $20. S!)4 Dolores st.
RESPECTABLE German woman wants any
kind of work by the day. Call or address
22131, Mason st.
EXPERIENCED lady's nurse desires a situa-
tion or take charge of Invalid; large expe-
rience; good references. Address Nurse 34.4
Brannan st.
WANTED— Any kind of sewing: family mend-
ing; children's work; terms reasonable. Ad-
dress Seamstress, 405 Turk st.
CAPABLE young woman wishes office or cler-
ical work; references. Box 3330, Call office.
WANTED— To take home washing by a com-
petent woman; flannels a specialty. Send or
address MRS. JOHNSOV, 4 Sherwood place.
WANTED— By a refined and trustworthy young
woman, light housework in a small family,
or care of an infant, for pleasant home and
small wages; best references. Address ANNIE
BERNERDINE, 2526 Mission st.
AT the German Employment Office, MRS.
LAMBERT, 417 Powell St.. tel. Main 5332. a
number of first-class girls await positions.
RESPECTABLE educated woman wishes to go
to Alaska with reliable party a3 cook, wait-
ress or housekeeper; capable and trustful; Al
references; strictly business. Box 3359, Call.
NORTH German girl wants situation to cook
and do downstairs work; good references.
1022 Larkin st.
LADY of refinement wishes position as nurse,
companion or seamstress; city or country;
best of references. Address E. E.. branch
office Call, 615 Larkin st.
WOMAN would like position taking care of
invalid. MRS. WILLISON, 630 Washington.
WANTED— Position by first-class French cook;
speaks English; good ref. 1313 Stockton st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants work by the day;
plain washing, house cleaning. 1331 Fulton.
WANTED — Position as governess or lady's
companion by a well educated woman; music,
French, drawing and painting. Address box
3285. Call office.
DRESSMAKER desires a few engagements in
private families, or will take work at her
home. Flrst-clasß cutter and fitter; b?st ref-
erence. MRS. CHARM AN, SOS Twenty-sev-
enth st., bet. San Pablo and West, Oakland.
YOUNG woman wishes situation to do house-
keeping; no objection to short distance In
country. Call or address 1104 Mission St., r. 10.
EXPERT hand massage treatment- for reduc-
ing flesh; guaranteed. MRS. K. L. ( box 3258.
Call office.
SITUATION! WANTED— MALE.
QUARTZ millmen, miners and mechanics of all
kinds promptly supplied by J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento et.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414'^ O'Farrell St.; lei. East 426.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; choice
help: tel. Grant 6 r Geo. Aoki. 30 Gear- st.
TWO young men want work as night cook,
porter, vegetable man. dishwasher, silver
man In restaurant or saloon. MAX JACOB,
737 Mission st. Phone 5350.
MAN and wife would like position on ranch;
understand all branches, or any other posi-
tion; wife a good housekeeper. Box 3346, Call.
YOUNG man (Scandinavian) wants situation;
Is good driver; handy with tools: has good
references. Address 1429 Pacific st.
STATIONARY engineer wants situation as en-
gineer or firing no object; has license or
give references. Box 3357, Call.
MAN 40 years old wants position as watchman
or nurse. 431 Pine st.
WANTED— PIace by steady first-class German
cook; city or country. 107 Eighth et.
SITUATION wanted by a young man at gen-
eral work; also handy with tools; objects to
horses. Address .T. KI'LEY, room 07, Oak-
land House, 664,2 Howard st.
MIDDLE-AGED MAN, with large business ex-
perience, wishes position as mana+?pr, a-^s-ls-
tant manager or any place of trust, with
view of purchasing interest in same. S. 8.,
box 3324, Call office.
LADI.'CS desiring Urst-class help please call or
telephone your orders to MISS CL'LLEN, 32;
Sutler st.
EXPERIENCED carpenter and builder and
fitter of stores and banks wants work; wages
moderate. Box 3305, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a carpenter for hotel,
hospital. Ptc. ; is handy with all kinds of
tools. CHARLES GLI'CKLK'H. SSO Natoma.
YOUNG Japanese wants position in this city as
schoolboy. Address F. YAMANAKA. 423
Stevenson st.
POSITION wanted as gardener and man about
place; competent with garden work, horses,
poultry; can milk and run gas engine; good
carpenter; California references. Gardener,
box 3339, Call office.
WANTED— By experienced man. employment
1 or 2 days a week collecting ronts: will fur-
nish risr; reference. Address box 32:<3. Call.
WANTED— Position as stableman; thoroughly
understands the care of horses; not afraid of
work, or caable of taking charge; long ex-
perience; 6 years last place. Box 3353, Call.
MAN and wife want situations to take care
of gentleman's place; woman first-class
cook; man good teamster, farmer, under-
stands vineyard and wine cellar and general
work. Address box 3207, Call office.
GERMAN man and wife desire situations In
private family or ranch; both young and
competent; wife good cook; wages $30 for
both. Pacific Employment Co., 765 Market st.
IRISH young man, stranger in the city; can
do any kind of laboring work; handy with
horses or lunch counter; best recommenda-
tion. Box 3292. Call office.
FARM and vineyard foreman, married man,
wishes position; bost of references. Address
box 3295, Call office.
JAPANESE wants a position as cook; will do
housework; city or country. F. NAKA, 423
Stevenson st.
YOUNG man wishes employment in sausage
factory or pork packing: good experience;
references. Address box 3250, Call office.
MAN and wife want situations to work In pri-
vate place: wotpan a tlrst-class cook and man
understands gardening arid milking cows. 728
Chestnut st., Oakland.
YOUNG Irishman- of steady habits wants posi-
tion of any kind; good milker and can take
care of horses. 1208 William st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms. 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient _nd respectable; fre» 'bus
and caggage to and from fer y.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
PROTESTANT cook, no wash, $30; girl for
cooking and some housework, small family,
$25. and a great many girls to fill our numer-
ous situations in city and country too numer-
ous to advertise. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316
Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl, 2 In family, $15. MISS
CTLLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE. $25; 2 nurses. $15 and $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, country, $35: 2 German cooks, $30 and
$25. MISS IULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
WOMAN, with a child, as working house-
keeper, $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
GERMAN maid, $35- French nursery governess,
$35; French maid and sew, $30. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
COLORED maid, $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
COOK, small restaurant, $5 per week. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
W r AITRESS. country. $20; chambermaid and
waitress, country, ?20. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
YOUNG girl, astlst, $15, 2 In family. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
REFINED working housekeeper, $15. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS English waitress and chamber-
maid desires situation or as nurse; 2 years
last place; city or country. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St.
NURSE, sleep home, $15; 3 French nurses,
$20; German second girl, $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, country. $10, fare
paid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 LAUNDRESSES, $25 and $30. MISS CTL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
3 RESTAURANT waitresses. $6 a week; wait-
ress, country, $25; 2 arm waitresses, city, $20;
2 chambermaids, assist wait, ?15 each, same
place, near city; hotel laundress. $23; experi-
enced woman to clean and press in a -lye-
house, $10 a week; pastry cook for a hotel,
535; American girl for a dish pantry In an in-
stitution. $17 50. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
DAY nurse, $15; 8 German rfirls, $15 to $25; 18
young girls for housework. $12 to $20. C. R.
HA.NSEN & CO., 104 Qeary st.
HELP WANTED- Continued.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework; no cook-
Ing; $12. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
NURSEGIRL. $10: chambermaid, $15; waitress,
$15. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter St.
COOK, boarding-house, $25; Irish housegirl,
$30. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
COOK, $25, 2 in family; 3 cooks, $35, $30 and
$25. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
SECOND girl, $25: 3 second girls, $20 eaclr
nuresgirl. $15. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
HOUSEGIRL, 2 in family, $25; German girl,
light work. $15. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter.
GERMAN housegirl. 3 in family, no washing,
$20. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
A NUMBER oi girls for Alameda and other
towns, $20 to $25. MRS. N JRTON, 323 Sutter.
WANTED— First-class waitress. $25; 2 German |
cooks, $3o and $30; laundress and chamber-
maid, $25: French nurse, $20; French second
girl, $25; French' cashier, restaurant, $30; girls
for housework, $25, $15. LEON ANDRE, 308
Stockton st.
COOKS, second girls, general servant, nurses
and girls to aeslst wanted to fill positions at
MRS. LAMBERT'S Employment, 417 Powell.
NEW management, greatly increased business,
prompt service, quick returns. 313 Bush st.
A FREE Position— The Ladies' Exchange, 313
Bush st.. furnishes working erirls with posi-
tions free of expense; under new management.
YOUNG lady cashier and correspondent; select
and refined business. 313 Bush st.
SALESLADY, milliners, S salesladies, office
clerk. 313 Bush st.
WHERE all reliable and intelligent working
girls find places free. 313 Bush st.
WHERE ladles feel at home: the best ap-
pointed and the most comfortably arranged
help headquarters on Pacific Coast. 313 Bush.
HELP found at headquarters not In need of
guardians; Investigate. 313 Bush Bt.
"ONLY One"— The only strictly first-class
working girls' free office. 313 Bush st.
2 WAITRESSES for country, $20. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
2 CHAMBERMAIDS. $1S; 3 cooks, J3O and $35;
10 girls for housework. 631 Larkln st.
WANTED— Young woman; good cook; German
preferred; Jewish family; wages $25; refer-
ence. Call Monday at 2640 Jackson St., be-
tween Pierce and Scott.
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. 858 How-
ard St.. bet. Fourth and ■'lfth, over San
Francisco handball court.
WANTED— Girl for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st.
APPRENTICE dressmaking; good sewer; paid
while learning. 814 Sutter st.
GIRL to assist with baby; sleep home; small
wages. 35 South 1 ark.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in light house-
work and plain cooking. 2118 Sutter St.
GIRL for general housework, 3 in family. Call
3 to 12, 1275 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Woman from 35 to 40 for house-
keeping; $10 a month. Call at 343 Third St.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in housework.
Apply 1308 Buchanan st.
WANTED — Experienced saleslady for ladies'
and children's underwear. 212 Sixth st.
WANTED— A young girl to assist in light
housework. Apply 140 Russ st.
WANTED — Finishers on custom coats; also ap-
prentice girls. 528 Howard st.
YOUNG girl for general housework; no chil-
dren; wages $15. 1930 Sutter St.
WANTED— Young girl to assist light house-
work and take care of baby. 2024 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLAPS tailoress on coats; also appren-
tice. Box 3348. Call office.
GIRL to assist with housework and children.
U'27 McAllister st.
WANTED — 2 attractive young women to assist
proprietor at country resort; steady, beneficial
home; nice large place. Box 3306, Call office.
WANTED — Woman between 25 and 35 years as
companion and assistant in light housework;
good home, fair pay for the right party. Call
after 10 a. m. at 116 Taylor st.
GIRL an hour every morning to wash dishes.
Cull Tuesday, between 2 and 4, at 2903 Folsom.
FIRPT-CLASS tailoress; also apprentice on
coats; steady work. Box 3333. Call office.
GIRL for light housework. 3835 Army St., be-
tween Dolores and Church.
FOREWOMAN on tailor skirts: must be good
fitter and maker: wages $12 to $15 per week.
504 Sutter St.
DRESSMAKERS: competent skirt makers;
none other need apply; good wages. 504 Sut-
ter st.
TAILORESSES; first-class finishers and but-
ton-hole makers; also operators on coats. 504
Sutter st.
GOOD tailoress for custom coats; steady work;
call Sunday, 10 o'clock. 254 Ellis st.
WOMAN under 2r.;2 r .; light housekeeping; $8
month; 1 In family. Box 3363, Call office.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial tree.
GIRL, take care of children, assist housework.
Cor. Alabama and Montcalm sts.
AN operator on pants; also apprentices; paid
while learning. 419 O'Farrell st.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:UJ
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. 1020 Market
st.; monthly troubles, etc., cured at once.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c. MCDOWELL'S. 103 Post.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The v.—».
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
HELP WANTED— MALti.
WANTED— Head laundryman. $40 and found:
cyanide processor for first-class mine; ma-
chinist for factory to care for boilers, piping,
etc., $2 day: 4 quartz miners. $2 50 a day. see
boss in city; 10 coal miners by contract or
day: 3 lroners; boys for printing office; hard-
ware salesman. $12 week: coachman, $30 to
$35; carriage painter, $2 50 a day; 3 ma-
chinists, $3 to $4: farmer and milker, $25; 10
tiemakers, 10c and lie; bootblack for country,
$35, and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Boarding-house cook, $25; oyster-
man and waiter, $35; hot-cake cook, $35; ho-
tel and restaurant waiters, dishwashers and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
50 SCANDINAVIAN teamsters and laborers for
railroad work, regular wages; also black-
smiths, cooks and foremen. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
ANDREW BRAPK and Fred Andersen, the
railroad foremen, call or write to C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
BARBER; country institution; $60 to $75 a
month. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
SECOND cook for a restaurant, $60; cook,
country hotel, $50; cook, small hotel, $40;
German dishwasher, hotel, $18; oysterman
and waiter, $35: watier who can open oys-
ters. $7 a week; waiter, country hotel, $30;
2 waiters, same country hotel, $25; yard man,
hotel, $20; porter and runner, country hotel,
$20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
3 FARMERS, $20 and $15; Italian vegetable
gardener, $22 50 and found; sawyer and planer
for an Oregon sawmill; carriage painter, $2 50
a day; S more woodchoppers, $1 25 a cord,
long job; 10 tlemakers, 10c a tie, Santa Cruz
•Co. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— 9 W T AITERS 8 Cooks
3 Dishwashers 3 Laundrymen
1 Tailor 1 Office Roy
365 Woodchoppers 15 Farm Hands
25 Scraper Teamsters 3 Choreboys
10 Laborers, city work 1 Stable Boy
1 Farmer and Wife 1 Grocery Clerk
4fi Coal Miners 1 Machinist
265 Tie Makers 1 Blacksmith's Helper
MURRAY .t READY. Leading Employment
Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st. Tel. Main 5848.
WANTED— Cook for lunehhouse In country.
$45 to $50, fare advanced; waiter, country ho-
tel, $20. fare advanced; boy to learn waiting,
country hotel. $15 psr month, fare advanced;
farmers, milkers, coal miners, cooks and oth-
ers. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
NOW is the time to secure lucrative situations
with responsible houses. 313 Bush st.
486 CALLS, 68 orders. 40 registrations, 95 sent
to positions; last week's record. Clerks' As-
sociation, 313 Bush st.
GREATEST week on record and orders with
leading business houses to spare; investigate.
Clerks' Association, 313 Bush St.
"FREE service"; employers obtain all classes
of competent help free. 313 Bush st.
DEPARTMENT store; experienced help for all
departments; bring references. 313 Bush st.
95— HIGH- WATER mark; think of It; sent to
leading business houses. 313 Bush st.
68 ORDERS for clerks, salesmen, mechanics, at
the Clerks' Headquarters, 313 Bush st.
COOK, pmall restaurant, $5 per week. MIS 3
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WANTED — Man for nursery work and Job-
bing gardener; wages $15 per month. Call
500 Haight st.
EXPERIENCED furnishing goods salesman
and window dresser. M. J. KELLER CO.,
1105-1109 Broadway. Oakland.
WANTED— Good boy for flower Btore. Ad-
dress box^ 3352, Call Office.
WANTED— 2 dry-goods salesmen. Apply to
O'DWYER & CO., 36 Third st.
WANTED— Dlshwaser. 32 Sixth St.; German
preferred.
SHOEMAKER wanted at 305 Third street.
HELP WAXTED-Contlnued.
sh7 P: mw
Soosrzzz -r^jv 15C shop: Bteady
work. Apply 65< Clay_st.__ .—.. — .
ERRAND boy for tailor shop. 107 Fifth St..
room 1. ; ___— .
AN errand boy wanted^ 504 Sutter st. _
lU-V wanted; ,1 experience in tailoring. 16
Montgomery st., room l._^ . .
■aggghgsa * s gnsi
WANTED-A short order cook. 427 Larkln
street. * .
BARBER with some experience, or^rto
! learn trade. 841 Telegraph OaKiano. —
House. S63'i Market st. ;
RECRUITS wanted for the D »Ued State 9
marine corps, United States navy , awe -
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens or *£!
United States, or those who ha\ c le gap «t« t
clared their intention to become s "?h. must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English end be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feat in »»e«eht. *or
further information apply at the recruiting
office, 20 Ellis st., San Francisco, CaJ.
EXPERIENCED operator on lad e s t ta i 1 T ° r
suits- good wages and steady work, ai ■fuj
BERT MUELLER'S, 131 Post St.
FOR rent-2 rooms for housekeeping in ex-
change for 1 hour daily housework. .21 ye
visadero st.
PRACTICAL tailor for children's juniors. Ap-
ply at 14 Sansome St.. room 51.
APPRENTICE or. fine coats; must know how
to sew and press. 9 Geary, room 14. <
WANTED— Agents to sell teas and coffees
commission. 203 Fourth st.
GOOD brick molder. The Baden Brick Com.
pany's yard, at South San Francisco.
WANTED— Man for steady situation; must
have $150. Box 3303, Call office.
EXPERT oil well driller for standard rig; Vt
per day. Address box 3294. Call office. _
COAT, vest and trouser makers wanted; good
bushelman also wanted. Apply at 11 a. m. at
Stevenson-st. entrance to CHARLES LI-
ONS'. 721 Market st.
WANTED— Laborer* and mechanics to know
t.iat Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
HEADQUARTERS for cooks, waiters and oth-
er help. E. SIMON, 643 Clay st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free emplo>-
ment. Bernard. Sec. 102 7th; tel. South 625.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
t-\I!.''I.S an<l .-•!■<: inarv seamen ;tt LANE'S, 504
Davis st., near Jackson; also men for whaling
and Alaska; no experience required.
SAILORS, ordinary seaman, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. Herman's. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED —An experienced city salesman.
BROWNSTONE WINE CO.. 331 Ellis st.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. Sr
F. Barber College, 13S'j Eighth st.
WANTED — Traveler for gent's furnishing
goods as side line. Box 3141, Call.
BARBER wanted to buy paying shop. STOLZ.
620 Market st.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764H Mission;
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 6Cc. 90c and $1 per week.
WINCHESTER Houre, 44 Third St., near
Market; 2(X) rooms. 25c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ROSEDAT.E Umisc, 321 El!is-Rooms 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
FIN'ILE roms, 10c and 15c nieht: 75c and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
500 PAIR of men's new and second-hand shoes
half price; half-sollng, 35c. 959 Howard st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS WANTED— Murat Halstead's Great
War Book. "Our Country in War " and our
relations with foreign nations. All about our
army, navy, coast defenses, the Maine dis-
aster, Spain, her army, navy and defenses.
All about Cuba, her relations to the Unit°d
States and her defenses. All about the ar-
mies and navies of all other nations, and
how they will act in our fl^ht with Spain.
Over 600 papres. Magnificent Illustrations.
photogiaps, etc. One appnt sold SI in one
day: others are making $2 to $39 per day.
Most liberal terms guaranteed, 2 days' crp.i-
it, price low. freight paid. Handsome out-
fit free. Send 12 2-cent stamps to pay post-
age. National Educational Union. 324 Dear-
born St.. Chicago.
lIRMTCRE WANTED.
WANTED— Crockery, furniture, oil paintings
and all kinds of goods to auction. Address
THORNDIKE & HOOSON. General Auctlon-
t-frp. Haywards, Cat.
WANTED— Partner for the Alaska gold fields.
Please send address to. box 3340, Call office.
LADY partner in large dressmaking establish-
ment. 207 Taylor St.
HIGHEST prices to nil new building. M 0 Ml»-
slon St.; tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 13 Mont-
gomery st. : highest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Two energetic, hustling traveling
salesmen; references required. Address box
3301, Call office.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
PA WX BROKER— OId gold. silver. cast -oft
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering:
surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; llOd
graduates placed since 1532; catalogue.
THE Lyceum, preparatory school for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges; accredited
with Stanford University. Cooper College, etc.;
day and evening sessions; ref., Pres. Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AYRES" Business College, 723 Market St.;
individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572. 855 Market St.
VIOLIN, mandolin, cornet, piano and other
instruments taught by lady teachers. 3941
Twenty-fourth st.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.: day & eve :
est 1864 VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
t'EBSTER 2107H— Piano teacher: studied in
Paris; terms reasonable; best references.
VOICE culture, piano. Paris graduate: French.
Spanish: new classes; $2 mo. 109 Ta>lor st.
MONTGOMERY, 527. cor. Clay-Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
~ ~ LOST.
LO^T^A~seaT collarette going from Greenwich
and Dupont sts. to Eleventh and Mission.
$5 reward by returning to 1716 Dupont at.
A PAIR turquoise earrings set with diamonds
in case; liberal reward. 717 Golden Gate aye.
BUNCH of keys los Return to 800 Greenwich
st. and receive reward.
LOST— Western Addition, white fox terrier
bitch; brown head; answers name Trix. Re-
turn to 1426 Mission st. ; liberal reward.
LOST — passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JULIE NORTON, No. 140,720. The
finder will please return to bank.
~~ HCRSES. ~~ " ~~
40 HOREZS for sale; r also wagons, buggies
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth st., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
or exchanged; cheap storage; 40 horses; must
sell. At Emporium. 220 Valencia st. *•■ :
JUST arrived— so horses, mules, burros 721
Howard st. : auction every Tuesday.
WAGONS AXD CARRIAGES. ~
FINE business buggies, light top buggy, batch.
« wagon. 603 Golden Gate aye.
LIGHT delivery wagon, tea and spice wagon
light buggy, one peddler wagon. 1370 Turk st.
SPECIAL sale :of harness and * vehicles. Li*'-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. city Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fir.c top and opea
buggy; also 1 hack: S2B Harrison st.
TYPEWRITERS^
ALL typewriters sold and few" "partly" '
. . used for sale cheap ; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. UQ Montgomery
PHYSICIANS.
D^ C ii£irS > ' D £~ NEU '- oa^~^d~^d^n^:
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty!Bl IM-.ss CHANCES.
4133— PAYING cigar, stationery, notions, 5 liv-
ing rvoms; best part of Mission; invoice value
S13o; no sale If not as represented. M. LESS,
■ ■& Market st.
?^O— CIGAR-STORE, north Market; living
rooms; "rent only $35; present owner, there 17
years: satisfactory reasons for bale; bargain.
M. LESS. 7G5 Market Et.
$1000 WILL Becure best paying saloon of its
kind across the bay; full value in sight; posi-
tively nothing better In market; look far or
near, this stands unequaled. M. LESS, 765
Market st.
STORE to let, suitable for any business; rent
$20; central; north Market. M. LESS 7U5 Mar-
ket Bt.
CIGAR btand, close to Claus Spreckelg build-
ing; price $150; the best chance ever offered.
WILKE, "bo Market st.
JG3O— PARTNKK wanted in old-established and
money-making =aloon, few doors from Call
building; the b^st offer for the right party;
dear profit of $150 per month guaranteed. See
WILKE. 7-, Market st.
$100— STATIONERY, news stand, restaurant.
«"tc. ; living rooms; rent $6; biggest transfer
point of city; must sell; given away. M.
LESS. 765 Market st.
>GSO— CORNER saloon, established and kept by
owner 13 years; one block from Chronicle
building; rent $35; great bargain. See
WILKK. 7b3 Market st.
$4000— BAKERY and confectionery, connected
■with hotel 80 rooms, dining-room, etc., in
lively country town about 50 miles from city;
3 wagons, G hursts, 3 cows; rent $70; lease;
first-class, paying business; buildings and
furniture new; sickness compels Hale. Partl-
culars of WILK 753 Market St.
$3200— THE best fitted up, and guaranteed to
clear $300 net per month, saloon close to Claus
Spreckela building; first-class custom; no bet-
ter business offer in the market; investigate
at once: this is a : chance of a lifetime.
WILKE. 788 Market st.
$SSO— CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
kept by present owner for years and doing
a good paying business; rare chance; fullest
Investigation gl- -. WILKE. 7*3 Market st.
$1550— OLD-ESTABLISHED c: in. close to
banks and leading hotels; average daily re-
ceipts $22; rent $50. lease: no night work;
actual value $2000: owner to retire and going
on his ranch. Call WILKE. 783 Market st.
BAKER, ATTENTION—
Bakery in Western Addition; price $900; 4 liv-
ing rooms; old established: a first-class bar-
gain. WILKE, 78$ Market st.
A— KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers. 22V4
Geary st. Miscellaneous business chances.
$400— Grocery and bar; fine cor.; living rms.
$400— Home restaurant; finest; best paying.
$200— Stationery, books, school supplies; near
school.
Combination store; grocery, restaurant,
furnished flat.
$300— Stationery, books. Call and lauadry
office.
$300— 200 masquerade & theatrical costumes.
$ltoo— Roller quartz mill: earns $40 daily.
$2000— Florist and nursery; 2 acres under
glass.
$3000 — Book bindery: best equipped en coast.
$450 C —Steam laundry, plant an.] buildings.
$700— Photograph gallery; oldest on coast.
$200— Cor. saloon; value in stock; daily re-
$15; a snap. KREDO & <~0.
TO fin.l Just what you are looking for call on
X REDO & CO., 22' j Geary st.
$1000— BOARD and lodging house in AlamecU,
doing good paying business; this Is a healthy
location and well patronised; satisfactory
reason for selling. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23
Kearny st.
$1400 GROCERY. French liquor store, north
Market ; departure for Europe cause of sale.
Mclaughlin & co., 23 Kearny st. .
$1000— CORNER grocery, with bar attached;
large trade; horses, wagons included; trial
given. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$500— CORNER saloon, near Market st. ; dis-
agreement of partners cause of sale. Mc-
l.A! 1. 1,1. 1 X & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
A—sSiVA — $SiVp — CORNER grocery and bar; without
doubt one of the best business corners.
$200— Partner wanted: commission business.
$300— Saloon: old-established; good corner,
and other bargains in saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO., 777 Market.
BRANCH bakery, milk, butter, eggs and
notions. BARRETT. 1125 Market st.
FOR SALE — Old-established corner saloon; on
account of other business. NW. corner of
Pacific and Battery sts.
FOR SALE SISOO; men's shoestore and repair-
ing rooms and garden. 106 Ninth st.
WANTED good reliable man that has $500
to invest in one of the best-paying propo-
sitions In this city; the best of references.
Address box 3326, Call offlce.
A RARE OPPORTUNITY.
Od<i Fellows' Library, Seventh and Market
sts., for sale. This library is now offered for
sale by the board of trustees; It contains a
choice collection of all kinds of literary and
scientific works. The library is now open for
the sale and inspection of books from 9 a. m.
until 1 p. m.
M" "ICO. • '"
LANDS In tropical Mexico for rais-
ing coffee, Rugar. tobacco, rubber, vanilla,
etc.; large and small tracts. For further in-
I format lon apply to Mex. Com. Co., 76 Chroni-
cle building, representing the Int. Land and
Col. Co. of Mexico City, Mexico.
ASKHIM saloon is now for sale: thirteen years
established; proprietor going north; fine cot-
tage 4 rooms: hot find cold water; ground
lease 3 years and 5 months; come and sec for
yourself: 17th and Folsom. WM. FOLEY.
IN San Rafael; new store to let; best part of
city: well adapted for fruit and vegetables:
next to butcher shop. Apply S. HERZOG
& CO.. San Rafael.
IF you have anything to sell or exchange It
will be to your Interest to see us; money al-
ways on hand. Address M. E. DOUGAN &
CO., £30 Kearny st.
$120) — IMPROVED placer and quartz mine;
quartz treated free: free water for placer;
satisfactory reasons for selling. Address box
32SS, Call office.
PARTNER wanted with $500 or more capital
to Invest in cosmetic business; chance of a
lifetime. Address Dermatologist, box 3, Call
office, Oakland.
FINE Ftntlonery. cigar, laundry, periodicals,
branch bakery and notion store for sale; old
established. Box IS. branch offlce Call, 106
Eleventh St.
WANTED— A business man with $250 to $500 in
a light manufacturing business: this Is a
gilt-edge proposition. Address box 3328, Call.
ROADHOUSE with 5 rooms, situated on prin-
cipal thoroughfare, 30 minutes from the heart
of city. Inquire at 1201 Polk St., cor. Sutter.
A — COAL, wood, hay and grain business for
sale on account of owner's departure from
city; price reasonable. Address box 3344, Call.
PAYING saloon in North Beach district: sell-
Ing on account of sickness. WICHMAN,
LUTGEN & CO., 218 Clay st.
$75 WILL buy stock and fixtures of saloon and
lunch house; present owner going to Mare
Island. 619 Merchant st.
WHAT have you to trade for half of factory
and machinery, value $500? Address box 3345,
Call office.
TO let— Coal yard, with stable of 20 stalls; old-
established; rent reasonable. 2622 Mission st.
CORNER grocery and bar for sale; reasonable;
and 4 living rooms. Apply 2l9Vi Eleventh st.
LAUNDRY route; horse, wagon; great bargain.
1813 Greenwich st. ; call after 5 o'clock.
INTEREST In a good paying beer bottling
company. Inquire at 1E29 Mission st.
OLD established saloon" cheap on account of
other business. Apply Call offlce.
PARTY going East must sell $400 up for $165.
Room 25, 1021 Van Ness aye.
CIGAR, laundry, news stand at a bargain; in
Hayes Valley. EIS Hayes st.
$300— PARTNER wanted in light business; es-
tablished IS years; $25 to $30 a week each; can
be doubled in short time; entire trade of most
prominent firms in the city; no previous ex-
perience required; trial given. . 9 Geary St..
room 2.
ANY one who has from $5000 to $25,000 to In-
vest in the best dairy, hog and wood propo-
sition on the Pacific Coast will find it to
their Interest to write for particulars to
R. W. SWEET. Kirk wood. Cal.
$2000— A PROTESTANT gentleman as partner
wanted in an established legitimate business,
by reason of enlarging the same: experience
not necessary. Box 3304, Call offlce.
PATENTS smith & OSBORN. Regist'd Pat.
Agents; established 1862. 319 Pine St.. city.
NOTION, Ftutlonery and cigar store for sale
cheap; $50. 105 Eleventh st.
BRANCH HAKKi.v ai notions, milk, butter,
eKgB. etc. IUS Folsom st; $45.
$650— BUY restaurant and chop-house: best lo-
cation. Call at 18 East st.
$400— BAKERY for sale; store trade $10 to $12
day; good outside route; bakes 2% barrels
day; a good bargain; no opposition; owner
wants to leave city. Box 3281. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS grocery, doing large cash busi-
ness; No.l location; no bar; good reasons for
selling. Inquire WELLMAN. PECK & CO.
$40— BRANCH bakery, milk, butter, eggs and
notions. BARRETT. 1125 Market st.
FOR Sale— At less than Invoice; cigar and va-
riety store; 3 nice rooms; low rent. 627 Sec-
ond St., op p. South Park.
BEST-APPOINTED restaurant In San Jose;
fine location: must be sold. Address S., care
of Call agency, San Jose.
HALF or whole interest In butcher shop; do-
ing good cash business; centrally located:
well fitted up. P., box 2, Call Offlce. Oakland
FOR sale— Bakery and notions; living rooms;
next to school. 375 Sanchez st , •
FOR sale at a bargain— The "Office Saloon,"
corner City Hall avenue and City ■ Hall
' siujLra. luaulre at saloon, CHAS. FOWLER. "i
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
CHEAP saloon near the water front. Apply
WICHMAN. LUTOEN & CO.. 318 Clay st.
SALOON for sale account of sickness; call and
Bee owner. 228 Brannan.
SHOEMAKER'S shori; must sell account of
sickness. Apply 532 Valencia St.. In bakery. ■
C^TFFE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
FOR sale— lcecream, candy and notion store.
337 Sixth' gt.; no agents. .
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
CARPENTERS, blacksmiths, pi. bers and
p^od men at general work who are going to
Dawson can on the way up work out $U>o
of their fare, via St. Mlcmsl. Apply The
Gold Star Co.. Mills building. San Fran.
GENUINE arctic fur clothing: heavy, woolen
clothing. L. LEVY. Battery and Jackson sts.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
j launches for sale.' H. O. SHAW. 4 Sutter st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards. Tenth and Hrvßru st«.
LODGI.Nv HOUSES FOX SALE, g
: A— KREDO ft CO., successful brokers, 22%
Geary st. » - iv-i •«■*■' >""»£* ■ „., c.-/mc .-/m
110 rooms; safe Investment; clears $ZoQ..H«w
BO rooms; rent $76: clears $160 «0Q
1 40 rooms; sunny corner; transient >™
17 rooms; first floor pays rent........ J>a« |
16 rooms; Marklt: central; all full raj
10 rooms; Lnrkin: corner; snap -••>
10 rooms; Ellis; new nndgood »
7 rooms; Market: offices pay rent........ KM
. Hundreds of others at your own price.
A— s3oo; 9 rooms; transient; clears $100; central
and sunny; map. KREDO & CO. KMj Geary.
' FOR most desirable houses and best bargains,
call on KREDO & CO., 22% Geary st.
WINSTON & CO.. 646 MARKET ST.
RELIABLE BROKERS.
! 14 rooms, Sutter St.: offices, payments.... s4^o
i 20 rooms, corner, new, part cash.. 1-w
25 rooms, rent $7.",. new, part cash 808
24 rooms, rent $60. corner, offices 1200
i 26 rooms, worth $4000, must go at 1500
25 rooms, rent $35, fine place, only 4*o
33 rooms, rent $100, part cash..... low
34 rooms, corner, rent $125, make offer
67 rooms, rent $220, elegant place 3000
: 46 ROOMS: sunny corner $1300
50-room house for ranch ■•.. «w
17 rooms: clears $100 month; part cash.. — —
10-ropm flat; sunny corner 2-a
; 14-room house; fine corner 1000
20-room house: clears $150; must sell 1250
10-room house: new and good; Ellis St.. SoO
60 rooms; rent $fi3: clears about $.0 month;
snap. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
SIOoo— BOARD and lodging house In Alameda,
doing good paying business; this is a healthy
i location; well patronized: satisfactory reason
for selling. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny.
LODGING-HOUSE of 16 rooms, well fur-
nished and full of roomers. 136 Sixth St.
$900— BEST 14-room transient house in city;
I clears $175 month. Address box 303, Call.
! MUST be sold immediately; 27-room good room-
ing-houge; bargain. Inquire at 112 Taylor st
FOR Sale— 23 rooms, well furnished; steady
roomers; rent reasonable. 110 Hyde st.
11 It.MURE FOil SALE.
J"1'1:NITI'7:1-: f-r flat of " comfortably fur-
nished rooms; cheap. 196 Shipley St.. cor. sth.
FURNITURE and carpets for sale. Apply at
1421 Clay st.
106 ELEVENTH— Branch office of The Call;
subscriptions and ads taken. v
31 US I L INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $«
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi- ]
gate and approve this method. Prices are tha
Fame as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and i
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Stelnway Dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous»
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE' B.
t6. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and price*. Terms easy: prices low-
tft. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
NEW FIRM. NEW NUMBER. I
NEW GOODS. NEW PRICES. I
Repairing and tuning a specialty. Our
prices can not be equaled in San Francisco.
BCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
ARTISTS like Charles R. Sweet and Helena
Mora, at the Orpheum. prefer the Crown
piano. So will you if you call and see them
! at HOCKETT BROS. A CO.. 218 Post st.
a RTEINWAY piano for $100; ■ Checkering for
ISO; examine list of bargains this week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO., 933 Market st.
EOHMER & CO. Byron Maury. Newby, Evans.
Briggs'and other planes;' see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308. 310. 312 Post st.
WANTED— For cash. S. style 3. or T. style 4.
Stelnway, or style X or R, Knabe. Address
box 3356, Call office.
A GOOD upright, very cheap. 16 McAllister
St.. next Hibernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
j BEAUTIFUL Stelnway; must be sold; a sacri-
fice. 809 Market St., room 12.
] $6.OO— UPRIGHT, nearly new; party needs cash.
| Call S to 12. fB4A Natoma st.
! HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
I cedented success. 216 McAllister st.
1 SPECIAL low prices on all pianos until May 1.
Z. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market st.
SMALLEST ad.; lowest price; $2 per month up;
apply on sale.' HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos, $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNABE . pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. h7
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ELEVENTH. Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
FOR SALE— 3IISCELLANEOUS.
FOR Sale s 3 up; . good second-hand sewing
machines: bargains, in new machines which
have been returned for non-pa A. C.
BROWN, 1360 Market st.
i CHOICE German pansles 25c per' dozen. Nur-
sery at £50 Bryant st.
I FOR sale — A fine-toned square piano. Apply
1210 Valencia St. '
FINE ■ river steamboat, suitable for Yukon.
240 Montgomery St., ' room 14. .
$55— Upright piano: good condition: $5 down, $3
per month. S. F. MUSIC CO., 225 Sutter.
GAS fixtures very low;, large assortment: 1
ttnd 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
RARE chance on account of departure: for sale
cheap, 1 large vault In Calvary Cemetery
Box 3163, Call office. ■
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, • elec-
trical goods; new, 2d hand. Smith Co., £27
Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. ' Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st. :
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store . and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, , 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
FOR SALE— pumps, engine and • boiler
and large Iron tank. Apply HAVENS &
TOEPKE. Architects. 55 Flood building.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, bslts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st. i
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. So- 757.
| SAFES— New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. V.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10: Records. $3 per doz. ;
Projectoscope. $100. Bacigalupl. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, sonle. hand-truck, letter-press?
■desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st. ■
BARS, showcases, -counters, shelving. . etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
106 ELEVENTH— offlce of The Call;
subscriptions and ads taken.
SEWING , MACHINES. ~
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, 'sold-
machine supplies. 145 Sixth st.: pßone Mint 45.
ALL . kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing: lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
~~- CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet- caning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpet-. G. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
88 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
leatlng Works, .353-57 Tehama at.:. tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned, renovated like new. J
McCJUEEN. 453 fatevenson St.; tel. S. 225.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter:
1 tel. Main 39-1. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat-
ing, alteration wks. 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relafd at 3c.
BTRATTON, 3 Eighth St. ; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT. Eastern- .J.enm- Carpet - ' Cleaning
Works. 14 Sth St. \ B. GRANT, tel. ''Jessie. 201.
J if MITCHELL Cnrpet-Clcanlng Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c ii yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126. "' ." -; . ,
615 LARKlN— Branch offlce of The Call; sub-
■cilptlons and want ada taken. - .- ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1898.
HOUSES TO " LET.
ALL OVER TOWN^^^^2^ZTl^^ j
You see houses to rent by 3ALDWIN A
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery. ;: .
BEST 5-room house to rent, $S: best of condi- j
tlon. 1567 Kearny st, near Greenwich. j
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye.. bet. Cal- j
ifornia and Lake: prices will- surprise you. !
MARCUSB & REMMEL.62S Market st. .
LAGUNA, 1715— House or 8 rooms and bath,
yard, basement; latest improvements; $30.
SUNNY 7-room house; modern; rent cheap.
724 Broderlck St., near McAllister. '
7 ROOMS, basement, yard; modern; reasonable;
good, tenant. 2405 California st.
CHEAPEST and beet In America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free. ' ' . . :-,■-. .....-'•■■..:•
. FURNISHED HOUSES. ; vV' :
FURNISHED bay-window cottage. 4 rooms
and bath; sunny; no children. 917 Sanchez st.
FURNISHED house to let for. the summer; 8
large sunny rooms; piano; hot and cold
water; all conveniences. Apply on premises,
C 35 Guerrero st.
COTTAGES TO LET. :
COTTAGE, 4 rooms, yard and basement; $10.
3272 Folsom st. •• . ..-•-.
NEAT cottage, 5 rooms; water free; $11. 3359
Twenty-sixth st.,. near Mission. ■- . ; :■_
SUNNY cottages of 4 and 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment, yard, cheap. 1576 lath St.. near Dolores.
TO ■ Let— Cottace, all modern. 7 rooms and
bath; cheap. 5437 Twentieth st.
FLATS TO LET.
— $S— . to 4 room . flats ; 10 days free. .
A— slo— s room flats, off Geary, newly painted.
A — — 5 rooms and bath; Geary St.; 15 days
A— 4oo other bargains. SPECK & CO.. 602 Mkt.
BAY-WINDOW flat of 3 rooms. . 2S Patch St.,
off Folsom, near laird. ',-<:• '
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— A nice flat of 3
rooms; rent $7.
CAPP, SS3, near Twenty-fourth— Sunny, modern
5-room flat; warm belt. ..:-.:
FLAT of 4 sunny rooms; rent $10. 2041 Harri-
son St.. opposite Eighteenth.
FLAT, 5 rooms, bath and stable; 18Byington
st. Apply at 1621 O'Farrell st.
FLAT of 4 rooms, with or without stable. Ap-
ply at 755 O'Farrell st.
FLAT, 375 Shotwell Sunny flat, 5 rooms and
bath, with stable: rent reasonable.
FLATS and cottages to let. Apply to MRS. L.
LOUGHRAN, 919 Bryant St.. bet. "th and Bth.
GEARY, 2211, southwest corner of Devisadero—
3 sunny flats of 5, 5 and 6 rooms and bath,
respectively; rent $15 and $17. Apply at
store downstairs or to BURNHAM & MARSH
CO., 62S Market St.
MODERN; sunny; 4 rooms and bath. 4 Tr»>-
mont aye., near Waller St.; Golden Gate Park.
MOSS, 30— Upper flat, 5 rooms, bath; rent re-
duced. Key , corner Howard, near Seventh.
NEW flat of 7 sunny rooms and bath; all mod-
ern improvements; 3435 Twentieth st., near
Capp; also flat of 4 rooms and bath; 3142
Twentieth st.
NEW modern sunny flat, 6 rooms, bath; 18
Seymour aye., bet. Scott and Devisadero sis.,
off Golden Gate aye. ; $27.
NEW flats; modern improvements; 4 and 5
rooms; $16, $20; worth seeing. 2263 Geary st.
NINETEENTH, 3954, near Noe— Lower 4
rooms, modern, $14; 599 Noe. corner Nine-
teenth, lower 4 rooms, modern, $15; 47 Pond,
oft Sixteenth, half block from Market, upper
6 rooms, modern,' $16, water free.
RARELY beautiful flat; NW. cor. Sutter and
Scott sts.; 6 big rooms; $25. Key 2300 Sutter.
TO Let— rooms and bath; water free. 113 Sul-
livan St., near Stanyan.
6-ROOM sunny upper flat; marine view; com-
fortable and quiet: rent cheap. 6 Ewer place.
$12— NICE sunny flat. ISA Cedar aye., bet.
Larkln and Polk sts.
$16—6 ROOMS and bath;- sun In every room.
2723 Bryant St., between 25th and 26th.
$20 — NEW, modern sunny flats. 5 choice
rooms: porcelain baths, etc. 1706 Hyde st.
FURNISHED FLATS.
$35— ELEGANTLY furnished new modern cor-
ner fiat, 771 Pierce St.. cor. McAllister. No
admittance without permit from C. J. CAMP-
BELL & CO., 224 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 6 sunny rooms, complete for house-
keeping. 1023 O'Farrell St.. nr. Van Ness aye.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BUSH. 1203— For rent, 3 nice sunny furnished
rooms for housekeeping, with bath. • : -
ELLIS, BOS— sunny rooms furnished complete-
ly for housekeeping; $15. '
FIFTH, 314—2 sunny front connecting house-
kpg rooms; stove; closet; bath; private; $10.
FIFTH, 325— 3 furnished, $13; 2 parlors, kitchen,
bath, for house-eeping, $22; also single, $5.
FIFTH 42S% — i sunny rooms completely fur-
nished for housekeeping; water In kitchen.
FOLSOM, 1293, cor. Ninth— Large sunny bay-
window rooms, with kitchen, complete, $10
and $12.
FOLSOM, 2848—3 or 4 sunny housekeeping
rooms; gas stove; cheap; without children.
GOLDEN GATE. Parlor floor, 3 sunny
rooms, complete for housekeeping. •
I GROVE, 354, 3 blocks from City Hall— 3 con-
I necting rooms, furnished for housekeeping:
2 double beds, gas and bath; private resi-
dence; $16. ■- •' - •
GUERRERO. 213, bet. Fourteenth and Fif-
teenth — ! or 5 beautifully furnished sunny
rooms complete for housekeeping. Apply 10-4.
HARRISON, 731— Four rooms furnished coifi-
plete for housekeeping; large yard; rent $16;
bath.
HOWARD, nil — Two or three sunny rooms,
complete for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
HYDE, 614— Front suite furnished; suitable for
light housekeeping.
JESSIE,. 373. near Fifth and Market— Front
room; housekeeping; $7.
JI.-.01E— 373, near Fifth and Market— House-
keeping; $8; single, $5.
JUNIPER, B—3 unfurnished front sunny rooms
and bath.
MINNA, 28 Furnished housekeeping rooms;
cheapest In the city.-
MINNA, 322—2 or 3 housekeeping rooms; fur-
nished complete.
MINNA, 548— 2 nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms.
MINNA. 725—3 nice rooms in front; big yard-
rent $8. ■ ■ ' ■ •
MISSION, 1135— Bay-window suite of 3 rooms;
connecting; furnished for housekeeping; $16.
MISSION, 1241— Front . and back parlor, well
furnished; sunny; gas; running water.
NATOMA, COS— Flat of 3 - nice connecting
rooms; everything complete for housekeep-
ing; cheap.
NATOMA. 645—2 sunny furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; yard; rent reasonable.
OAK, 119—2 nicely furnished rooms for heavy
housekeeping: very cheap.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— Bay-window, with
mantel, kitchen, gas stove; $13.
SIXTEENTH, 2003, corner Mission— Furnished
front room with grate; use of kitchen and
; yard; rent $8. '
THIRD. 340—1 sunny room, suitable for house-
keeping, $6; single room, $4. . .'
THIRD, 309— Large front suite complete, $12;
other suites, $10; single, $5.
TURK, 543—2 sunny rooms; complete for house-
keeping; gas and bath; $15. ..
TURK, 821— strictly private family;, beauti-
ful sunny parlor; furnished or unfurnd.; $10..
TWELFTH. 145—2 pleasant sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; $12 per month.
TWELFTH, 230 C —3 nicely, furnished house-
• keeping rooms; private family.
VAN NESS. 1021— Sunny front suite; 3 rooms
; and kitchen; gas; range: all complete. -
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. *
OAKLAND • HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.'
FURNISHED '- rooms ~ for ■ housekeeping; ■': also
-double: close to station. 821 Market st. . •
ROOMS TO LET. ~~
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer < Co., 22 % Stockton ' st. Trunks
1 moved to any, part of city, 25c; phone, Main 49.
ARLINGTON ; House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
1 eunny rooms, en suites and single; first-class
.'ln every respect ; terms reasonable. v ■
AT the Oxford. 231 .O'Farrell. elegantly fur-
nished rooms, suites : and single, day ,or mo.
AT 242 Stockton,- sunny suites and single rooms,
facing plaza; baths; ; by. day or month. '
BEAUTIFUL sunny : rooms; • newly ■ furnished
and . new flnt; with . board; Van ; Ness • aye. •
* Box 3364. Call office. ; . :
BOHEMIA, 239 Newly; furnished; fami-
lies and gentlemen: :i references given. ..' "'
BRYANT. ML near - Third— •furnished
sunny suite; ; front; jsB per month. ■-: ■ ;■; .
BUSH, 726— Nicely furnished rooms for gentle-
i . men at '$7 ; and $8 : per ; month; > private ;-. ret.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
DELAWARE, llnl Market— Furnished single
and double rooms. $8 and $10 mo. ; nice suites.
EDDY. 113— Neat sunny single room for gen-
tleman: $5 60^
EDDY. 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night.
60c to $1; week. $2 to $6; families.
EDDY, 614— Large and small rooms; new furni-
ture, closets; running water; bath; $6 to $10.
EDINBURGH, 239 Powell— New house, new
furniture; elegant rooms, suites and single.
ELLIS, 41S (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $l 50 to $8 week.
ELLIS. 432— Furnished rooms to let.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished
rooms to let.
FILLMORE. 22n5%, near Clay— s9; furnished
sunny parlor, with small room.
FOLSOM, 1312— Very large sunny unfurnished
front room; closets, grate, etc. •
FULTON, 3— Nice sunny rooms to let, day,
week or month.
FULTON, US— Sunny furnished single rooms:
also rooms, unfurnished, for housekeeping.
GEARY. 51S— Large sunny bay-window rooms;
suites, double and single rooms; $S month up.
GEARY. 622— Nice, large sunny bay-window
room: also single room: quiet and reasonable.
GROVE. 202, cor. Van Ness— Sunny unfurnished !
3-room suites, with gas stove.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission; select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
HATES, 530, near Lacuna— Sunny furnished
front room; suited for gentleman; rent $4.
HOWARD, 524— Nice large front eunny alcove
room; suitable for 1 gentlemen: $io month.
HOWARD, 715, ST. DAVID'S — 200 roomB:
suites; single; sunny reading room; 25c up.
JONES, 117 — Neatly furnished sunny suite; pri-
vate; $14.
MASON, IS (Silver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by the week, $1 50 to $3; suites, i
$4 to $6; baths; hot water: transient; elevator.
McALLISTER, 611— Nicely furnished sunny
back parlor, suitable for 2; $8 per month.
MCALLISTER, ISM -Parlor suite In modern
flat, with board; for 2, $10 a week: single, $5.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 a week.
MISSION, 1061— Sunny room: private family;
suit 2 young men; terms reasonable.
NATOMA. 2 f i7, near Third — Two large, sunny-
furnished front rooms to let.
NATOMA. 252, near Fourth— 3 connecting
rooms, unfurnished. $7 per month.
O'FARRELL, 210 A —Sunny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms, $8 and $10.
O'FARRELL, 211, corner Powell— Nice suite;
also single rooms, by day or month.
O'FARRELL. 4O6Vfe— Nice large room: furnished
for 2; use bath; $10; private family; upper flat.
PINE, Ifi2.".'-i, near Van Ness — Sunny furnished j
front room, bath, gas, in small private fam- j
ily; $5.
POST. 622— Sunny suite or single rooms: first-
class in every respect.
SEVENTH. 142 (Girnrd House)— Sunny suites
and single rooms at lowest rates.
SMKUMAN A| irtment House. 28 K!t-hth St..
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 136— Sunnr front bay-window room;
bath and gas; other rooms; $1 per week up.
SUTTEH. 71". 7!7-71.' Furnished and unfurnish-
ed; choice and sunny; reasonable; investigate.
STEVENSON, 79. next corner Second— Tailors'
workrooms to let.
SUTTER, 407—2 single rooms, $6 each.
TAYLOR. 407— T0 let, two large, sunny front
roomß; furnished.
TENTH, 123— Nicely furnished large sunny
rooms; also nice housekeeping rooms.
THE Eldora, 23 Stockton— Newly furnished
rooms.
WEBSTER, 2218— Newly furnished rooms; fajn-
ily private; references.
A WEEK'S news for B cents— The Weekly
Ct!l. In wrapper, mailing. i
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
ELLIS, 577— Nicely furnished suite, suitable for
2 or 3, with board; also single room.
FOLSOM. 611— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week: nice location.
FULTON. 833 (The Mizpah)— A qu*t family
hotel: modern sunny rooms, single and en
suite; exceptional table; terms reasonable.
HYDE, 925 — Sunny suites; first-class board;
quiet: homelike. MRS. T. W. BROTHERTON.
HYIJE, 40S— Double and single rooms: flrat-
class board; Spanish; $36 a month up.
McALLISTER. 1229— Parlor suite in modern
flat, with board; for 2. $10 a week; single, $5.
SOUTH PAI'.K. 159— Good table board", $8 per
week: with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
SUTTKR. 112S— Sunny suite; single rooms; first-
class board: large grounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
VAN NESS aye, sriS— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished; with board.
ELEVENTH. 106-Branch nfnce~oT~Tha Call.
Subscriptions and wnnt nds takpn.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
GERMAN lady would like to take child to
board and care for. 30 Willow aye.
LADY having a comfortable home would like
to have one or two children to board; healthy
location: convenient to two schools; terms to
suit parties. Box 3361. Call offlce.
AN elderly lady will take infants to board: a
mother's rare: references. 231* Sixth «t.
STABLES TO LET.
CLARA, 126— Large barn, 7 stalls, covered yard,
with or without house with bath. Apply
premises.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mr*. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay: self-cure sent; call or write; free: con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, J9
McAllister St.; pills, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects: taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye.. S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used;
homo in confinement; comfort and privacy;
cure $5; pills $1 : every case guaranteed; con-
sultntion free and confidential. MRS. DR.
WYETH, 208 Turk St., near Jones.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER, 22( jj[ l i rk j s !_
DRS. GOODWIN, 401 Van Ness— Ladles, near
or far, consult free, only doctor who uses
Schenck's method, the celebrated French phy-
sician: safe, sure, reliable cure for all irreg-
ularities; any cause: restores strength and
vigor of organs; unexcelled; 15 years' prac-
tice; home; best skill; low fees; pills, $2.
I>K. O'lif >NNEI.L. tlsi< world renowned special-
ist, restores at once all women's irregulari-
ties, menstruation, etc., whatever the cause
may be; treatment by mail, or call at Dr.
O'Donnell's Sanitarium, 1027 Market st. $5
and $10 capsules will be mailed upon request.
SURE cure, when others fail; no medicine or
instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause; restore in 1 day: never falls: consulta-
tion free; can be sent and used at home. DU.
POPPER, 318 Kearny; orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no instruments used; cure at
offlce $5; consultation free: hours 10 to 5.
DR. AND MRP. KOHL, 111S Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
$160. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay St.: send
Jc stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X at., Sacramento. Cal.
AI.J'KAU'S French pills, ft boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
IjIIS ELY. late of Ohio, 71 Fourth st.— Ladles'
t -re cure; any, all: cure at offlce. $5; pllla, $1.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 254V4 Fourth st.
DR. HALL, 59 McAllister st. ; diseases of wo-
■ men and children.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN. 1017 to 1022
Mission st.. aL ye Sixth: open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made: fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS, 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage & Moving Co.;
offlce. Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FOpTlowest rates go to LOUIS J. NEUMAnT
121 Sixth st.. open evenings.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
ELECTRIC lights and other alterations have
... greatly improved my parlors; " hair I dressing,
25c; good switches, $1: best, finest quality.
' $3 50; extra heavy,' long, $3; open Sundays
from 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic stimulates a healthy
growth. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
WANTED— IOO persons to try the painless re-
moval of corns and bunions without the knife.
Call at room 584, Parrott building. ' ■ - .
MRS. JOHNSON, ' experienced masseuse; elec-
trical water treatment; office 10, 118 Grant
avenue. -
STAMMERING and stuttering corrected. PROF.'
J. WIIITEHORN. 570 33d St., Oakland, Cal.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st.. nr. Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week:
■ free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made in
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 635 Clay St.. S. F. _^^
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
SUIT to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses,
$3 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy st., : rm. 86.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
■ clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will ieveal every hidden mystery In life: she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, ■ recovers lost,
stolen or burled property: locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m.: perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
Epecial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 25. 1206 Market st.. opp. Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double ' veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease; full life reading; ladies 50c,
rents $i; palm, and Clalrv. ; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
YOUR future told , by cards; ladles, 10c; grants.
25c. 221 Sixth st. •
CONSULT the lucky medium. 41 Minna St.;
basement.
MAIE. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. MOREATJ. best medium and card-
reader : 25c up: charms given. 73 Fourth st.
MISS ANNA SCHULTZ— Palmistry and card-
reading. 203 O'Farrell. room 10. •
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2. 120% Geary st.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
' all questions: L.. 25c; G., 50c; no sign. 3 7th.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; bustnenj
advice: names given: 23c up. 5 Fourth St.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in ncr pro-
fession: never falls: advice: ie!p. Mjj Host.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. SEELEY, test meeting to-night at 1133
Mission Bt. ; test to all, 10c.
MRS SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister, hours * 10-4.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia St.; read-
ings $1; cir. Tues., Frl., 2 p. m.: Sat., 8; 25c.
MRS. J." J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
232 Stockton st. : old No. 218.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium:
sittings dally. 123% Sixth st., room 14. .
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dium. : lIS Halght st.
HYPNOTISM k^
CAL. Institute, -402J4 Geary: hypnotism taught;
diplomas issued; diseases and habits cured.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6V4 1 per cent on real estate;
!d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In
probate, life insurance, goods in warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mo-
COLGAX. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In 8. F., Oak-
land or Alarceda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
$5 UP to any amount on indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or jewelry: all business
strictly confidential; private offices.' M. .E.
DOUOAN & CO.. 230 Kearny St.. upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market st: tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
■ private party. • BONNELLI, 130 Powell st. .'
ANY sum on estates in probate; real estate.
HILL & CO., 14 McAllister st, room 64.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 328 Montgomery.
QUICK on furniture,' pianos; no removal: no
commis.: low interest Rm. 68, 1170 Market.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, . estates In pro-
Late, etc. Room 7, 60S California st. •
|50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum; Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 628 Market at.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest
rates: no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want arts taken.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— S2OOO on mortgage: 8 per cent; Im-
proved Income-bearing city property. Box
3166. Call office.
$3000 PRIVATE loan wanted: reasonable rate
on Income business property. Box 3263. Call.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS en real estate, bonds, .etc. : lowest
. rates. McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKERS.
B WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason st. bet. Market and Eddy.
«5 LARKlN— Branch office of the Call. . Sub-
KTir't*Tt" :»T"1 want nds tnk<»n.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $3; see, new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted . ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
.. work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists— Painless extraction, 50c;
teeth per set, $5 to $10; gold fillings, $1 up;
silver, 60c up; artificial- teeth repaired, $1
up; our crown and bridge work Is the best:
hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays. 9 to 1.
969 Mission, cor. Sixth; branch, 371 Hayes.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. nr. 11th:
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates: made over like new. teeth
from $8 per set: e- trading 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, filscoverer of painless . extraction and
patentee of imnroved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro-Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up: fillings, 25c up; all work
; painless and guaranteed to stand: open even-
t ings. 997 Market St.. corner Sixth. ,
OHIO Dental Parlors, SI 9 Market. Academy of
Sciences bldg., sth floor; painless dentistry.,
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and iF. TEAGUR,
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st. . • : . :
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk at.
- PROPOSALS. •
OFFICE C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks,' Wash.',
April 14, — Sealed proposals, in triplicate,
will be received here until 11 o'clock, a. m..
■ May 14, 1898, and then opened for furnishing
■ and delivery at Vancouver, Barracks, -. Wash.,
Portland, 0r., -San Francisco,- Cal., or.else-
-. where, stationery required in I)epartm?nt of
' the Columbia. •;• Information furnished on ap-
: plication. U. i, S. reserves right to reject ; or
' • accept any ■• or all ;' proposals, ■or any part
L thereof. - Preference given to articles, of do-
mestic , production r: or i manufacture,- - condi-
tions 'of ' quality, and ;. price * (including In
the price »of ; articles , of foreign-. produc-
tion . or . manufacture ■ the ■. duty ..: thereon)
! being . equal, and such . preference < given
'i to ;■..- articles ,of American production or
■ manufacture produced on the Pacific Coast
to the extent of the consumption required by
the public • service ' there. ! ; Envelopes contain-
' ing proposals should be marked: "Proposals
for Stationery," and -addressed ' J. W.
JACOBS. Q. M. --.•■
~~~~~ ' LEGAL NOTICES. ~- . ■
NOTICE to creditors— Estate of MARY GOFF.
deceased— -Is ' hereby given -by the - un-
dersigned, A. C. FREESE.- administrator of
the estate of MARY GOFF, deceased-, to the
■ 'creditors of and ail -. persons - having -claims
- against : the said . deceased , to exhibit ;' them
' with ' the *> necessary " vouchers within four
months after, the first publication of this no-
tice to the ■ said 'administrator, at room ; 33.
Chronicle t building,- corner v of ■- Geary • and
Kearny streets,'; the : same being his place for
the transaction -of the 'business -of the < said
entatc In the City and County of San Fran-
Cisco. State of California., a _ (C;free , k -
Administrator of the . estate of MARY : GOFF.
• ■ deceased.' '":•"•■' ■- "■■■"■• -. ■." :*■■-■.■.,-■. ■■- :.....-
J. D. : SULLIVAN, Attorney for Administra-
, Dated at San Francisco, March: 26, IS9B.
CITY HEAL ESTATE.
$1200— house of 4 rooms and bath: lot
25x125; 14-foot cellar; brick foundation; on
Douglass st. . SPECK, 602 Market ' st.
$2675—2 COTTAGES. 5 rooms and attic; easy
terms; Liberty st., near Castro; open Sun-
days. J. ANDERSON, Builder.
MILL VALLEY; for sale, house, furnished or
unfurnished. Apply at 526 Turk st.
ONE block and a half of : land for sale near |
Colma; suitable, for milk ranch. Inquire at
608 Sixth st.
$650 AND up will : build' 4-room cottages: will
call. GEO. M. SALSBURY, builder, 521 X
St.. Sunset District. ■ ■ ■■•
COUNTRY REAL, ESTATE.
50 ACRES, Contra Costa County; all in choice
.. fruit and bearing; will sell on very easy
terms; must be seen to be "appreciated; will
subdivide if required; age of trees 3 to 5
years; on line of Valley Railroad and 3 miles
from S. P. deuot; 2 hours' ride from San
Francisco. Address G. S., Brentwood P. O.
A— SNAP S acres, Belmont. only $1200: easy
terms; catalogue free. SPECK & CO.. 602 Mkt.
TEHAMA County. -SO acres partly fenced; good
water. Apply 403 Bryant.
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood, Shasta Co.. Cal.
MONTGOMERY, 627, cor. Clay— Open until 9-30
o'clock; branch office of The Call; subscrip-
tions and want ads taken. ■" :•*-■■•
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS;
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WILLIAM J. DINGEeT" •
901 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
BUYERS, ATTENTION.
SPLENDID OPPORTUNITIES.
You can name your own price for the very
cream of Oakland Real Estate
AT THE
FIRST GRAND AUCTION sale,
inv saturday, april 23.
investments,
HOMES. '
BUILDING LOTS,
cottages,
RENTING property.
BUSINESS property.
On Easy Terms.
THE LARGEST AND MOST ATTRACTIVE
SALE EVER HELD IN THIS CITY.
The Pick of Oakland's CHOICEST INSIDE
' PROPERTY. DON'T MISS IT.
SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
REMEMBER. NEXT SATURDAY!
2 O'CLOCK, AT SALESROOMS.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
901 Broadway, corner Eighth St., Oakland.
GREAT bargain; 6- room . house; Center st,
Oakland; $1100.
MUST be Corner lot, 100x150, with 5
houses, bringing in a rental of $$5 per month;
only one block from narrow gauge depot;
will be sold in whole or part: offer wanted.
J. CALLAGHANt 814 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAiSU HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSES TO LET IN OAKLAND.
Corner cottage, 5 rooms $17
Lower Funny fiat. 5 rooms 12
Upper modern flat, 6 rooms 14
2-story neat 6-room house 18
Choice sunny 8-room house 22
10-room residence, fine ". 50
These and many more, both larger and
smaller. WM. M.DEWOLF. 1058 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
6-ROOM house; laundry and bath; water free.
Apply r.r.7 Sixth St.. near station. "■
-^ OAK LAND ROOMS.
BAY-WINDOW suite: estab. dentist's office;
also complete housekpg rms. 856 Broadway.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD
FIFTEENTH. 726— Pleasant sunny front rooms!
with board: private: large yard.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household roods very cheap
this week. SCHELEHAAS' old store, 40j
Eleventh st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND MEDIUM.
MRS. PALMER," medium and magnetic healer,
cordially invites the : public to call; business
readings. 873 Washington St., r. 3, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA9IEDA REAL ESTATE.
$750 — Lot 50x270; modern cottage 5 rooms, near
schoolhouse. " ''. ■• ■":-
sl2oo— Sacrifice; corner.lot 35x140; good house of
6 rooms and one of 4 rooms. ,
$1600— Lot 50x150: fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath; near Chestnut station.
$2850— 5150 cash; $25 per month: lot 40x159; only
2 blocks from station and nlgn school.
$3750— house of 7 rooms and bath: lot
42x150; choice location: very easy terms.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL St CO., 1432 Park st.
|H ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
TO Rent— Completely furnished house, 12
rooms; choicest location: beautiful grounds.
Call for NORVEN, 1541 Central ay., Alameda.
7: HKItKELEV KGAL ESTATE.
ELEGANT cottage >on northeast corner, one
block of U. C. grounds; must be sold this
month: also new 5-room cottage in Oakland;
large lot; easy terms. M. L. WURTS, .Sev-
enteenth and Broadway, Wurts block.
FOR SALE— Near university, house of 8 rooms;
large lot: will be Bold very reasonably if
sold quickly. JAS. J. MASON, Real Estate,
Berkeley station.
SNAP— For sale cheap or exchange, large cor-
ner lot and 6-room house In Berkeley; bath;
high basement; brick foundation: fine gar-
den; windmill; small amount cash, balance
on easy installments; also corner lot and 2-
story. house in West Oakland on the above
terms. Call on ISAACS, 409 O'Farrell. S. F.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE.
/ B^AAJTIFv£rHOUKS^r7^RKSPVn.
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms; 45 minute*
from the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market St. - ..
PROPERTY TO RXCHANGt.
BRAN new cottage,; 6 rooms, bath, stable,
large lot; Mission cars; $2200, or will trade
half for outside lots, balance in rental terms.
413 Kearny st, 9 to 12 o'clock. .* .'
75-ROOM lodging-house for ranch $4,000
50 ranches, 5 to 5000 acres, from $100 to.. 50,000
Store and 2 flats; rented for $61 8,000
H. C. DECKER.; 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
EDDY. 305— 10-room house for unimproved lot;
owner must leave city.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. T. STACK
14 McAllister St. • < c.-.~T
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market at.
, BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
. Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be . Inserted. They ; must be
handel In at either of the ; publication offices
and be Indorsed with I the name ! and residence
of -persons authorized to have, the same pub-
lished.
BORN.
BUTTIMER— Near Rutherford, April 11, 1898,
Ito the i wife of Rufus . Buttimer. a son. ■ :
BACHELDER— Tulare, April : 13. : 1898, to
: the wife of J. F. Bachelder. a daughter.
DOUGLAS— this city, April IC, 1898, to the
,"• wife of E. J. "Douglas of Pajaro, a son. ■
GUM— In Auburn, April 11, IS9S, to the wlfa of
:- E. H. Gum, a daughter.
HULLEN— In Auburn, April S, IS3B, to the wife
of D. Hullen, a daughter. ' , '
MONEY— St. Helena, April 13. 1898, to the
wife of John C. Money, a daughter.
MULLEN— In Etna, April 11, 1838, to the wife
. 'of Howard Mu.len. a son.; .
PEREIRA— Near Fort Jones, Aril JO, 1898, to
the wife of Manuel Perelra, a son. •;
WILDER— In this city. April 8, IS9B, to the
:, wife of Ernest ; v; v Wilder, a son. ',
MARRIED.
DENICKE— In this city. April 9 I
\ 1898, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, R. -. F. Her-
man Denlcke and Dora- M. R. - Mueller. ■.
GREECK— SCHALLER— this city, April 16
; 1898, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Hans Greeck
and Anna Schaller. :
SCHNEIDER— In this city, April 16
IS9S. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling. ; Frank A
- Koch and Dora: G. Schneider. :> i '
MUND— MORAN— In; Auburn, April \ 10, 1898
..by. the Rev. Father Van Schie. Fred "Mund of
. Sacramento and Rose. E. Moran of Ophir. ■
POTTER— GIPSON— In Auburn, : April 7, 1898.
: •■; by Superior -Judge J. :E. Prewett, Emery :B.
Potter and Isabella H. Gipson. s both of Wolf.
VALLIER— MOURIER— In Auburn, April 7,
; IS9B, by Justice of .;, the ■■ Peace J. -i H. . Wills,
\ • George Vallier • and ! Lottie '■ Mourier, both of
\ Roseville. !: . r- v
STRAUTMAN— In this \- city;
. April : 17, ' 1898, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling,
:Constantla Yankowsky and Emily Straut-
i ;-.-: man, •.■«»-• ■..-■.:.;■ ;:".:■•■■. . '■..■' .■ ■. :
DIED.
Barry, Mrs. ; C. Haddock, Sarah
Boyle, Owen Kyle, Hannah ,
. Bray, James Low, Horace D.
Campbell. Alex Pierce, Mrs. E.
Clark, John J. Petersen, Charles P.
Crane, Warren B. Ryan, Edward
Donovan, John F. Roche, Michael
Eschelbach, John Rodgers, Henry
Engell, John F. Rice, Abraham
Granfleld, Kate Sheehan, Patrick
Gibson, Otto Smith, John J. ■
Grosskopf, Maria L. Sparhawk, Jared S.
Hansen, Herman P. Tobln, Michael
Howard, Margaret Troy. Mrs. Mary H.
Young, Lester A.
BOYLE— In {his city, April 16, 1898, Owen,
relict of Mary Boyle, father of Sister Mary
Clare, S. N. D., and Annie, Nellie, Patrick,
Frank and the late Mans and Peter Boyle, a
native of County Donegal, Ireland, aged 65
years. -
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral '-his day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 315 Twenty-second street, near Geor-
gia, Potrero, thence to St. Teresa's Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass . will b«
celebrated for the repose \of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
BARRY— Near Ophlr, April 13. 1898. Mrs. Cath-
erine Barry, a native of Ireland, aged 67
years.
BRAY— In Auburn, April 13. 1898, James Bray,
a native of Cornwall, England, aged 42 years
4 months and 11 days.
CAMPBELL— In this city, April 16, 1898, Alex-
ander Campbell, a native of Greenock, Scot*
land, aged 35 years.
(L?'Fr:ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 -'clock, from the funeral par»
lors of McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy st. Inter,
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CLARK— Vallejo, April 13, 1898, John J.
. Clark, a native of Ireland, aged 54 years and,
8 months. , • .
CRANE— In this city. April 16. 1898, Warren
B. Crane, brother of Mrs. Thomas Conkling,
a native of Stowe, Ohio, aged " 62 years' 4
months and 27 days. A member of Company
D, Twenty-ninth Regiment, Ohio.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1501 Broadway, corner of Polk street.
Members of G. A. R. invited to attend. In-
terment National Cemetery.
G. A. R.— Lincoln Post No. 1, G. A. R.— Com-
rades will assemble at B. B. Hall, 121 Eddr
street, this day (Monday), at 1 o'clock, for
the purpose of attending the funeral of our
late comrade. Warren B. Crane. By order of
C. J. HANDLEY, Commander.
H. L. BARKER, Adjutant.
DONOVAN— In San Jose, April 16, 1838, John
F. Donovan, a native of Maryland, aged 58
years.
ESCHELBACH— In this city, April 14, 1898,
John Eschelbach, a native of Germany, aged
29 years and 6 months.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ENGELL— In Auburn, April 12, 1898, John F.
Engell, a native of New York, aged 71 years.
GKANFIELD— this city, April 16, 189S, Kate,
beloved wife of the late Arthur Granfield,
and mother, of Lizzie, Nellie, Mamie and
Arthur Granfield, a native of County Kerry,
. Ireland, aged 48 years.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this da/
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resl«
dence, :!69 Eleventh street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mas*
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at it o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GIBSON— In this city, April 17, 1898, Otto, be-
loved husband of Anne Gibson, and father
of George, Francis and WalUr Gibson, a na-
tive of Sweden, aged 42 years 2 months and
22 days.
GROSSKOPF— In this city. April 17. 1898. Ma-
ria Louisa, dearly beloved daughter of Jo-
seph and Catharina Grosskopf, and sister of
Albert, Joseph Jr., Julia, Frank and Matilda
Grosskopf,- a native of San Francisco, aged
,4 months and 11 days.
HANSEN— In this city, April 16, 189S, Her-
man P., beloved son of John L. and Bridget
Hansen, and brother of Mrs. G. Kity and
Mrs. G. Holmes, a native of Humboldt
County, Cal., aged 25 year and 4 months.
(Humboldt County, Cal., papers please copy.)
(C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the under-
taking parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mis-
sion street, thence, to St. Joseph's Church,
Tenth street, where the funeral services . will
be held, commencing at 11 o'clock. Interment
Holy. Cross Cemetery.
HOWARD— In * this city, April 17. 1898. Mar-
garet Mary, beloved daughter of Mathew and
Catherine Howard, and sister of Mary, Kate,
Lizzie, Mathew Jr., William and John How-
ard, a native of San Jose, aged 23 years 2
months and 2 days.
lO" friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, 385 Howard avenue,' San Jose,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul. Interment San Jose.
HADDOCK— In this city, April 18, 1898, Sarah,
beloved mother of William and Joshua Had-
dock, a native of England, aged 70 years.
(LTFrienus and, acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Craig & Cochran Company, 22 and 26 Mint
avenue. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KYLE— In this city, April IK, IS9S, at 9:15 a.
m., Hannah Kyle, dearly beloved mother of
Mrs. E. L. Ireland, wife of the late Robert
Kyle, and mother of the late Emily Home
and Charles R., William C. and May Kyle. "
[CFnends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 27 Harriet street.
LOW— In this city, April 17, 1898, Horace D.,
beloved hut band of Saphronia Q. Low, and
brother of the late F. F., C. L. and J. W.
Low, a native of Winterport, Me., aged 65
years.
icy Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Monday),
at 3 o'clock, at his late residence, 734 Va-
• lencia street. Interment Sacramento (Cal.)
Cemetery.
PIERCE — An anniversary solemn requiem high.
mass will be celebrated for the repose of the
soul of the late Mrs. Ellen Pierce this day
(Monday), at la o'clock, at St. Peter's Churcn,
Alabama and Twenty-fourth streets. Friends
are invited to attend.
PETERSEN— In this city. April 17, 1898,
Charles P. F., beloved husband of Mathilda
Petersen (nee Hadler), and lather of Harry
W. Petersen Jr., and brother of Harry W.
Petersen Sr., a native of Copenhagen, Den-
mark, aged 44 - ars and 8 days.
- l'lii- iuneral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 325 Harriet street, between Bryant and
Brannan, Sixth and Seventh. Interment
" Laurel Hill Cemetery.
RYAN— In this city, April 17. 1898. Edward,
beloved son of the late Edward and Margaret
Ryan, and brother of Hannah, John J. and
Thomas E. Ryan, a native of San Francisco,
aged 39 years.
Friends" and acquaintances, are respect-
fully invited to attend the luneral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 829 Brannan street, between Seventh
, and Eighth, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
Tenth street, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his eoul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
ROCHE— Oakland, April 16, IS9S, Michael,
, beloved • husband of Catherine Roche, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 60 years. (Virginia
City, New, papers please copy.)
Cf?*Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Monday), at 9
o'clock, from his late residence, Hi;;! East'
Twenty-fourth street, thence to St. Anthony's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
; mencing at 9:30 o" clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery.
RODGERS— In New Westminster, B. C, April
9, IS9S, Henry RoJgers, beloved father of
Julia A. Meagher, and father-in-law of J.
.; F. Meagher, a native of Ireland, aged 77
■ years. • . : .. " . ; •-, r •.."■:•.'
il> interment private.
RICE— In this city, April 17, 1898, Abraham,
beloved husband of Blna Rice, and father of
Alex and Becky Rice, . a native of Bavaria,
Germany, aged 63 years and 11 months.
O' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow .
' (Tuesday), at 10:15 o'clock, from his lat*
residence, 1212 Buchanan street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery by 11:30 a. m. train
from Third and Townsend streets.
SHEEHAN— this city, April 17. IS9B. Pat-
rick Sheehan, beloved ■ brother of Mary Shee-
han and Mrs. Duncan McEachren, a native
of Macroom, County Cork, Ireland, aged 45
years. .
■ IC Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 746 Mission street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem . high mass
will be celebrated , for the repose of his soul,"
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
. Cross Cemetery.
SMITH— In Auburn. Anril 11. IS9B. John Julius
Smith, a native of New York, aged 65 years.
SPARHAWK— In lowa Hill, April 12, 1898,
" Jarea S. Sparhawk,- a native of New York,
aged 77 years. .
TOBIN — In Napa, at his residence, on Vallejo
street, at 6 p. m., Michael Tobln, a native of
County Waterford. Ireland, aged =64 years.
Notice of funeral in to-morrow's paper.
TROY — An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of • the ■ late Mrs. Mary H. Troy to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, at St.' Peter's Church,
Alabama and Twenty-fourth streets. Friends
and acquaintances are invited to attend,
.YOUNG— In this city, April 17, IS9B. Lester A.,
son of W. H. and the late Jane B. • Young,
and brother of George W. and Will H.
Young Jr., Mrs. G. W. King, Mrs. W. E.
Doan, Mrs. Eugene Aitkins and Mrs. A. C.
Tracy of Sacramento, Cal.. a native of Wash-
ington, Yolo County, Cal., aged 22 years and
22 days.
■ (£7 Funeral and Interment at Sacramento. :
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3 I
£b lifTH ST.; Opp. Lincoln Baajoi. I .
Telephone, South 80. ■•■'"■' " L | ■
In. B. m'avoy. Manager. .■ ■
TWcfWOY <fe CO., 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMM* I
1235 Market St., between 6th and Uth, - I
Telephone, South 247. .- |
910
A STRANGE SONGSTRESS.
Mme. Melba Violates All the Traditions of Prima Donnas.
SHE DECLINES TO BE INTERVIEWED.
The world, artistic and otherwise, has always agreed that there is nothing more capricious than a prlma
donna. It has allowed her nerves. It has drawn logical conclusions as to why she must travel with a pet poodle and
even pretended to understand how it was that she had to reverse all civilized customs, dine at unusual hours, and
not give vent to spoken words on the night she must sing. It has explained to the satisfaction of all why she al
ways had a detective in the "wings" who primarily was on the lookout for draughts and incidentally to see that
hor jewels were regularly pilfered. All this an Indulgent public has believed, approved and applauded, but never
has it accredited a famous songbird with a dislike of a newspaper notice, an aversion to reporters and a dread of
being interviewed.
Nevertheless, this Is the latest prlma donna truth. No less a personage in the world of song has so said It than
Mme. Melba— or, to be more exact. Mme. Melba's representative, Charles Ellis. He stands sponsor for the revela
tion.
"Mme. Melba hates to be interviewed. Mme. Melba can't endure to be photographed." The remarkable Mr.
Ellis makes these astounding statements with as little ado aa if he were explaining how his star only nibbled at
the wing of a reed bird and took a sip of warm milk on the days she sang, reserving her appetite and molars for
the days th^ dear public heard her not.
Mme. Melba came in yesterday morning at 11 o'clock and allowed her tired self to be domiciled at the Palace
A companion, a representative, a representative's representative and twenty-nine trunks followed In her wake.
At 12:"0 Madame and her retinue— excluding the trunks— lunched. At 2, Madame yielding to the entreaties of
her representative's representative, Mr. Bhrieber, waited patiently for 10 minutes for press representatives, who,
unhappily, were not punctual. At 3 she went for a drive. At 4 she sought her couch for kindly nature's balmy re
storer, the sirsta, and at 6:30, like a plain, ordinary mortal, she yielded to the urgent demands of the inner woman
and prepared to go to dinner.
It was then that the singer's troubles began. The press representatives who had called while she was out for
her drive and had been advised to call again at 6, only to be told that the prima donna slept, sent up cards once
more at firHO. and gave Madame an attack of "nerves."
Mr. Kills, smiling and gracious, met The Call's representative. For his sake Mr. .Ellis 1 hoped and prayed Mme.
Melba would also greet the reportorial presence, but he was doomed to disappointment. Madame was fatigued. Not
five minutes of her valuable time — not even two — could she devote to the newsgatherer. Mr. Ellis was chagrined.
■U'ith unparalleled generosity he offered to submit himself to the dreadful interviewer, as did also Miss Bennett, the
sweet English girl who is the celebrated songstress' companion.
Then the reportorial brow crouded and the journalistic wrath grew apace, and something was said about "lack
of courtesy" and the making of appointments that were not kept. Once again Mr. Ellis returned to the prlma
donna's apartments, and this time .came forth joyous, with an expansive and beaming smile. "Madame will see you,"
he said.
Madame came forth, a symphony in pink. Her dark eyes gleamed from beneath the rim of a coquettish pink
turban, and her strong yet slender figure was gowned in pink brocade and chiffon. Madame regretted the incon
veniences of the journalist. "There has been some mistake," she said. "Charley" (this to happy, smiling Ellis) "go
Immediately to the management and see how it is that word was left that I would receive the press at 6 o'clock "
Again the "Journalist" caught her wavering glance. "I am so glad to see you," she murmured. "I am well and
glad to be here. That is all I have to say." With a queenly walk she made for the elevator, and again the "Journal
ist" attracted her attention. "I had to He down this afternoon to rest my nerves. I am so nervous now that I could
scream," and the symphony In pink tore her clasped hands apart and set her teeth and bumped Into a bellboy He
handed her a card.
Madame read. "Another journalist," she shrieked. "Tell him Mme. Melba has srone to Hnnrirnn. »
CONFIRMATION AT
ST. PATRICK'S
Tlie Sacrament Administered
to Over Two Hundred
Children.
Communion at the Cathedral — Meet
ing of the Alumnee of the Pre
sentation Convent
Over 200 children knelt before the altar
at St. Patrick's Church yesterday after-
noon to receive the sacrament of confir
mation. In addition to this number ten
adults, all converts to the Catholic faith,
were anointed with the sacred chrism.
The boys who received the sacrament,
seventy in number, took the oath of tem
perance after the ceremony and recited
the prayers and accepted the conditions
of the total abstinence pledge after the
dictation of the Archbishop.
The church was crowded to its utmost
capacity, and people, anxious to see the
Impressive ceremony, blocked the aisles
leading to the altar and made ingress and
egress to and from the building impos
sible. Before the commencement 'of the
services, owing to the immense crowds of
people. It was found necessary to close
the doors and station several officers to
front of the edifice to disperse tire
crowds.
Archbishop Riordan, who conducted the
ceremony, delivered an oddrcsii on. the im
portance of keeping the commandments
:i!i<! li -ading a pure and righteous life.
Among those confirmed were the follow
ing:
Josephine Tereea Suglick. Thomas John Aa
mussen, Daniel Patrick Snill, John James
Gr\y. Marpnret Veronica Kennedy, Mary Oer
trude MrDermott, Eva Agnes Canflntt. Kllen
Elizabeth Sheeny. John David Creedon, Wil
liam Patrick O'Connor. George Philip Lotke.
Walter Joseph Conner. Clorln<l:i Mary Casella.
L-niUa Mary O'Pay, Mary Catherine Farrell,
Irene Mary Byrne, Margaret Josephine l'.;t«
rett, Xll •■•li Veronica Devlne. Sarah Elizabeth
AValsh. Mary Elizabeth l,yons, Mary Gertrude
Mm ■■' ■ t.' ' i i ahi y I <T***t ' ■■!!! ■■■<<■■
Ryan. Maud Agnes Qulnn. Elsie Angela Minn,
Wiirv M.i.li-llie Coleman. Marianna Josephine
Brad I.1 '. Ida Elizabeth Stansbury, Helen Lucy
Crosby. Marianna Theresa Roddy, Eva Agnes
Kelly, Nora ' Placlda O'Connell. Edith Cath
arine Christie, Mary Agnes Driscoll, Margaret
Agnes McGe. . Ellen Cecelia Day, Catharine
Thaddall Suite, Mary Agnes Van Hurnbeck.
Emma Josephine Glovanette, Stephen Ignatius
Hughes. . Catharine Veronica Carolan, .Mary
Rose McKeever, Elizabeth' Josephine -Foley,
Katie Mary Robinson, Catherine Agnes Tobin,
Rose Maria Qulnn, Ethel Maria McManus,
Laura Eh-sabeth Boast, Eva Bridget - Ryan, •
Mary ■ Rose . ■ Hagerty. Ellen Anastaala BJork
man, Grace Mabel Teresa Allen, Mary Eliza
beth Leahy, . Catherine ; Josephine Mclaughlin,
Thomas AloysiUß Burnes, Joseph Aloysiua Cas
mau, Thomas Aloyslus McElroy, Thomas Jo
seph "Whitman. James John Coughlin, Edward
Thomas Devine, William August js Bacon,
Martin Joseph' Bacon. Clarence Victor Green
Edward Joseph Collins, Edward John Hussey
George John Crowley. Waiter Ignatius Strick
land. Hugh Michael Garrity, Otis Ignatius Mc-
I'herson. nc-rt John Bourne. George Aloyslua
Kingston, Felix ■-• Aloyslus - Murray, oalvatoiie
John Splngoll, Hugh Joseph Carberry, • Francis
Martin Heaney, Hugh Denis Dougherty,- Joseph
Francis Grimes, Theodore John Charche, George
Joseph Mlnlgan, -Joseph . Edward . Tormey,
fnomaa ■• Aloytiius Byrnes, James Joseph : Goo
neau, Jeremiah Thomas Regan, Joseph An
thony Feeney, John James MoKean. Daniel
Richard Sullivan. Daniel Joseph Ahem. Wil
liam Edward Cullen, Herbert Vincent Patton
George Joseph ' Thelen; Michael ■ Francis - Mo
rlarty, r Robert Aloysius Tlnn, . John Thomas
Heavey, Walter Cyril Caughlen. William Fran
cis Green. Florence Mary Rice, Jane Josephine
Swift. .Nora ■■ Margaret ( Morris. v Ellen Frances
Barry, Elsie Mary Krug. Louisa Cecelia Bur
ton, Elizabeth Genevieve MrKlttrick, Mar
garet Gertrude McDermoth. Alice Loretta Duf
fleld.-Margaret Mary. McManus. Florence Lor
etta McCann, Thomas ■ Joseph Norton. Retinia
Anna Solomon, Ida Cecelia Dougherty, Mary
Frances MrArdle, Margaret Anastatla Smith
Elizabeth Cecilia Rouhan. Sarah Cecilia Wil
liams. Katie Cecilia O'Connor, Jane ' Bridget
Daniels. Catherine Bridget Griffon, Ellen Mary
Thadd.i^ Brady, Jennie Elizabeth Griffo, -An
r.le Veronica Lawrey, Mary Veronica Coffey,
Teresa Frances Huke, Loretta Veronica Gar
rlty,. Gertrude Lorptta Dwelle, Ellen Lorettta
Flannagan. Elizabeth Mary. Dooley Margaret
Gertrude McShea, Mary Gertrude Racick. Mary
Ivoretta . Kingston, -, 'Frances ■ Gertrude Dillon
Catherine' Loretta, Broderick-, Mary Gertrude
Fitzgerald. Margaret Genevleve Anthony Cath
erine Agnes '. Davis,* John Joseph Foley Har
old Joseph Lyons, Felix Ignatius Qulnn. Fran
cis James Hagerty.. John Anthony Foley. Mi
chael Aloyslus Gleason.' George Francis Quinn,
Gustave • Francis Iluagh, Thomas - Aloysius
Granllold, Edward Francis Healey. William
George McOuire. Henry Edward Manning
Ignatius :- Aloyslus Kerr. -Thomas Aloysius
Trodden. •; Edward Patrick • O'Connor, ■ Anavln
Berlcy and Daniel . Patrick Rulll. x , .;: -.- ; , :
At the Sacred Heart Convent (Presenta
tion) , on Ellis street,' yesterday afternoon
Alumnae day was observed with special
services, and ■ the following programme
rendered: .: . > :■ -
1 Duet.v VHung'arian Danee 1 (Brahms), Misses
Clara anil _ May - Nolan ;\ remarks, by the presi
dent.- Miss S. .McCloskey; . address. -.Very -Rev.
J. ; J. 'PrenderKast. v V." <).; vocal solo,- Miss May
Cavanaph; 'stringed slnstruments.'s lnstruments. ' "T<! Ame,"
piano— Mary Byrne," Ilose Wagner, Susie : Poo-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1898.
MaY r, a l*J~¥ a!: M ulcare Macrena Power,
May Cayanagh; banjo— Jennie Duffy guitar—
Eugene Montgomery;. vocal solo, selected Miss
E. Montgomery; poem, original Mlra X nnnn
van, read by Miss Mary Traynor- ™ca*l avar"
n.*\:* Q \° ° cl °ck . mass . in st Marv'i
Cathedral .yesterday morning over 200
children made their first communion after
weeks of thorough preparation At ?
clock in the afternoon they were airaln
summoned to the cathedral to parting
in solemn benediction. Archbishop Rlor
danvconducted the ceremony and deli ve
ered-a short sermon on the object and m
sai r vaUo e n. 0f h ° ly CUCharis ' - a mtans^of
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE.
rHn/ ]Cf atlngr Oakland an <J Stockton the
Giants . have moved up to even I terms
with m an Franc during the week
The Terrors dropped back a notch : while
Oakland broke even on - the ■ week. San
Francisco, by good luck yesterday, - man
aged to retain its grasp on first place.
bu £ Su ls week it meets ; both the Colts
and the Giants, and the outcome win
prove interesting, if ■ not . disastrous sVn
Jose and .. Fresno both have tales of woe
to , m ». h"t the season is young Tet
and they both ■ have tne : material to keen
the others guessing. Following is thS
percentage of the teams: uwing ls -.. th . c
CLUBS.
g
X
o
\
8? tn
i I
S *
I ?
o •
O
PC
' 5.
fill
sill
f f if
an Francisco,
twcramenlo . . .
tf»ckton
aklancl
0
0
0
1
0
0
"o
!
0
2
i
2
1
1
0
1
1
•2
0
0
1
0
4
4
2
3
1
0
.soo
.soo
.500
.428
.250
.000
in
"6"
0
"6'
0
an Jose ..
'resno ........
"6"
Lost
ONTHE PRESIDIO DIAMOND
The champion San Francisco Alerts de
feated the Rincons at the Presidio Ath
letic Grounds by a score of 16 to 10 The
victors would like to hear from any'team
Address J. A. McCarren, 624 Market
street.
TV hen hoes do not go out as usual but
keep in or about their hives, rain may be
expected to fall shortly after.
FLORISTS LOSE
BY ONE TALLY
Tumultuous Combination
of Hits and Errors at
Recreation Park.
San Francisco Wins a Ragged
Game From Athletics at
Central Park.
Soma Brilliant Games by League
Teams In th« Interior
. Towns. ■
Th» bark of the base hit resounded loud
and often throughout the length and
breadth of Recreation Park yesterday.
Errors and circus plays pressed the base
hits hard In the matter of frequency, and
altogether, It was a game full of episode
and uncertainty which held the 300 spec
tators In their seats until the last man
was retired, the score reading San Fran
cisco 18, San Jose j 14.
Luck was an important factor In the
locals' victory. The chief element that
won for your dear old Uncle "Feetsy"
Harris a reputation as a successful base
ball . magnate seems to have been handed
down to his successor, Bunker, for al
though' his team was out-batted and out
played, it managed to peg up another
hole in the percentage table.
Bunker tried out a new twlrler during
the game, a mute named Murphy—
Is, he put him In during the first inning,
but after sending the first three men to
first on a walk, Lee was brought into
the box and Murphy went out to right.
S Lee was exploded for eighteen hits, In- !
eluding - a four-timer over center-field
fence by Goodwin, the prettiest shot of
the season, but ten hits by his aids, to- |
gether with nine judiciously distributed ;
errors by the Florists, saved him from i
defeat.
Manager McGlynn has a hard hitting
team, but it is weak in fielding, ana he- j
Is casting about for new players to stop ■
up the holes with. He has his eye on !
several good men, and unless the young- '
sters now in his employ get down to work
some of them will be turned loose.
One of the incidents of the game was
the idiotic fake of James to work a base
on balls by standing with his back to the
plate. The trick is so fearfully stale and
stupid that no pitcher could be deceived
by it. Mr. James very properly struck i
out; he ought to have been fined $10.
The score hardly tells the exact state !
of affairs, for the young man who kept
the accounts at times became so enrap
tured with the music of ills own chin
thunder as to forget all about his official
duties. Then he would have to guess at
what had happened. However, these are
the figures as he got them down: •
San Francisco— AB. R. BIT. SB. PO. A. E
Monahan, 3 b... 6 4 2 0 4 5 2
K. Krug, 2 b 6 2 1 1 6 4 1 '
M. Murphy, 1 b 6 10 18 0 0 '
Hearty, 1. t.. 5 0 10 2 0 0
Lee, r. f. & p...V..V. 6 0 10 0 3 0
James, s. s 5 12 0 3 2 0
Connelly, c. I ...6 10 0 3 10
Stroeeker. c .3 3 12 15 3
Murphy, p. &r. t... 4 32 10 .0 0
Totals:.' .44 15 10 5' 27 20 ~6
San Jose— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A E.
Collins, 3 b.. ..:...... 5 2 2 0 0 4 2
$**"* 1b... ........ 53 2 2 11 • 0 1
Van Norden 1. f.... 4 2 3 3 3 0 0
Sheehan, 2 b........ 2 1 0 0 5 6 2
Ford, c... ......5.1. 15 11
Kelly, c. f ...5 3 3 0-10 I
Weed, s. 9.. 5 13 1111
Goodwin, r. f........ 5 12 0 10 1
Wheeler, p 6 0 1 0 0 3;1 |
Totals ..„..-..,... 41 14 , ; -.18 ~T 27 15 ~9
Runs by Innings. ■..->' v
San Francisco ......2 5000 88 . 0 2—15 I
Base hit 5...... ..0 3 0 0 114 0 I—lo :
San Jose ...2 10 5 0 113 ,1-14
. Base hits .....0 10 . 5 12 4 3,1—
Summary: Home Goodwin. Three-base !
hits— Hearty. Collins, Krug. Two-base hits— <
Monahan,, 2; Weed, Van Norden, James,
Stroecker, Kelly, 2. Sacrifice hits— Hearty,
Connelly, Kruß, Wheeler, Goodwin. Bare on
errors— San Francisco, 6; > San : Jose, j2. Bases i
on ba'.ls— San Francisco, 4; San Jose, 9. Left
on bases— Francisco, 6: San Jose, 9. Struck i
out— By Wheeler. 4. Hit by pitcher— Sheehan. |
Double Monnhan to Knig to M. Mur
phy. 2. Passed > balls— Stroecker/ 1. Time of
game— l:ss. Umpire— Hugh Smith.
CENTRAL PARK.
There are two things that the San
Francisco are badly In • need of, better
pitchers and more practice. The latter
Is of more importance than twirlers, as a !
pitcher , will work to better advantage j
when he knows the men supporting him !
are putting forth their best efforts. To I
have a base hit •; marked against, him
when he knows that had the player put
more ginger in , his ..work 'he would have
converted it into an • excusable error
proves disappointing and generally re
sults in the pitcher losing interest in the
game. Neither the Friscos nor the Ath- !
letics, nor any other team in the Pacific !
States League,, is composed . of phe- I
nomenal hitters, and why they should i
roll up fifteen and twenty hits in a garao :
is. beyond comprehension. Either Fitz- j
rick or Perrine has lost his speed I
and cunning or the ball used is as large I
as a balloon. It is true that Fitzpatrick
struck out nine men during ' the game, I
but that is of little credit to him when j
it is . known that twenty-one hits « were
made off his delivery.
■Mertes gave a splendid exhibition of
base running and played a good-all-*
round game. "Josh Keilly's home-run
hit aroused the enthusiasm of the crowd
to a high pitch. The following score
speaks tor itself:
San Francisco— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mertes, 3 b..........; 4• 5 3 ■ 4 ■ 2 11
Re111y,.2 b.. .......... 6 3 6 0 4 3 8
Waltrous, r. f....... 62 3 0,00 1
Levy, 1 b.... ........ 5 13 19 0 0
Mclntyre, c. f 6 2.30 51 l
Stulz, s. 5.. .......... 6 2 2 10 5 2
Koozhan, 1. f 6 0 1 1 2 1 0
Drews, c... ...-..'6 0 0 12 0 1
Perrlne, ....6 0 1 0-0 3 0
• Total : ..„„.*... ...48 15 21 8 24 14 ~8
: '.Athletics— . .AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Smith, 2 b and s. s.. 6 1 3 2 2 2 3
Bliss, -r.t.. .:.;....... 5 2 0 0 2 10
Poulter, lb :.. 3 2- 0 0 '9 11
Scott, c... ............. 3 2 0,0. 10 3 1
White. 8. 5.. ......... 4 ' 2 2 11 2 2
Johnson, 3 b ..V. 3 ' 2 1 0 1 2 '2
Muller, 1. f.. .......;. 5 ' 2 10 0 11
Hildcbrand. c. f..... 3' 2 0 1 '••< 0 1 l
Fitzpatrick, p 6 12 C 0 4 D
Knell, 2 b..... .'..... 10 0 0 2 10
Total :....38 • 16 10 4 27 18 .11
. RLNS BY INNINGS. - . ,'.
San .Franciscos ...;... 3■l" 0 0 2 3 1 ; 1 4—15
Base hits ............3 11 0 3 3-2 3 6—21
Athletics ....4 2 1.0 6 0 12 •— l6
Base hits .......3110 3 1 0 1 •—
Runs ' responsible for— Perrine 3, Fitzpatrick
5. .k. k Home run— Rellly. Three-base hit—Wal
trous. Two-base hits— Stulz, Fitzpatrick, Levy,
Mertes, Waltrous, ; Mclntyre, White. ■ First' base
en errors— San Franclscos ' 5, Athletics 6. First
base .;■ en called balls— San . Franciscos 3, Ath
letics -8. • Left ; on v. bases— San - Franclscos . 10,
Athletics 7. Struck. out— By Flizpatrick 9, by
IVrrlne 2."\ Hit by pitcher— Levy, ; Scott. Double
plays— r-.iss to Knell to Johnson. Passed bail -
So tt.: . Time oi — Two hoiri. . Umpires —
Gigu* and Creamer.' : Official ' scorer- J. W.
Star-ieion. :
BY ONE RUN.
A Raw Decision Robs Fresno of a
Hard-Fought Game.
FRESNO, April 17.— The Fresno Ath
letics lost their third straight game to
day, being dceaterl by Oakland by a
score of 10 to 9. Fresno has lost every
game by just one run and it seems im
possible to overcome that hoodoo.
The home team claimed It was robbed
of to-day's game by a rank decision of
Umpire W. F. Long, and there is strong
talk of a protest. It was in the last lialf
of the ninth inning, when the score stood
8 to 10 In Oakland's favor. Fresno had
a man on third and one man out, when
McLaughlln lined out what every one
but the umpire considered a two bagger.
Long called it a foul, however. The
rooters In the grand stand went wild
with excitement. The umpire was hissed
and hooted and there were cries of "Lick
him." An angry crowd gathered around
him at the close of the game, but b<j was
hastily driven out of town. Score of the
game:
Oakland- AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan lb 2 1 0 0 10 0 1
O'Neil, 2b 5 110 2 2 0
Lange, 3b 5 j 1 0 3 3 0
Hardle, r. f. and 1b..5 1 2 1 6 0 0
Shea. 1. t 4 12 0 0 0 1
Mosklman, p 5 1 1 0 0 4 I
Schmeer, s. s 4 11115 1
Dean, c. 1 3 2 2 1 0 0 0
£ eters; c 4 0 10 4 0 1
van Haltren, r. t 1 0 0 0 1 0 0
Total 38 10 11 1 27 14 ~5
Fresno— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brlttain, r. f 5 2 10 0 0 0
Held, lb 6 2 3 0 12 2 0
Courtney, s. s 1 2 10 0 6 2
McLaughlln, 3b 1 2 1116 1
Ferguson, 1. f B 0 110 0 1
SSS tcp««:£ 3 100220
KeMey, 2b 3 0 0 0 6 4 2
Mangerlna, o 4 0 1 0 G 1 3
Freeman, p 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total 31 9 g 2 27 21 "g
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Oaklands 2 10 2 2 10 0 2—lo
_,Hltß, HltB 2 2 113 0 0 1 I—ll
Fresnos 0 0213020 I—9
H|ts 1 02020111—8
Two-base hits—Hardle, Ferguson, Held.
Three-base hits—Mosklman, Courtney. Double
plays—Lange to Van Haltren; O'Neil to Dono
van; Snyder to Mangertna; Kelly to Held:
Courtney to Kelly to Held. Base on balls-
Freeman 3, Mosklman 6. Hit by pitcher—Dono
van (2). First base on errors—Oaklands 5
Fresnos 2. Sacrifice hits—McLaughlln Court
ney (2), Kelly. Passed balls-Peters (2). Left
on bases—Oaklands 6. Fresnos 5. Struck out—
By Mosklman 3, Freeman 1. Time of game—
One hour and 45 minutes. Umpire—W F
Long. Scorer—Al Sunderland.
McHALE'S GREAT PLAY.
Th« Giants Take a Fall Out of the
Stockton Terrors.
STOCKTON, April 17.-The attendance
at to-day's baseball game between Stock
ton and Sacramento was the largest of
the season, and up to the seventh in
ning, that always being a lucky one for
Stockton, the applause was impartially
distributed, but when the visitors put a
cinch on the game by stopping their op
ponents before they reached first base
the crowd lost heart. Bob McHale made
one of the greatest plays ever seen here,
when in the sixth inning he allowed a
high fly from Peters to strike the ground
before throwing Selna out at second and
retiring Nick Smith at first on two forced
plays. It was entirely unexpected and
the way he scooped up the ball was most
clever.
The appended score tells the tale:
Sacramento— , AJ. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Reitz, 2 b 6 3 3 0 2 4 i
McHale, c. f 6 0 0 0 0 10
Kwards, r. f 5 2 2 2 0 0 1
Caverly, lb 5 1 1 2 13 0 0
Hoagland. 1. f 5 0 1 1 3 0 0
W. Newbert, 3 b 5 3 4 0 3 3 0
Sullivan, c 4 2 0 0 2 0 0
Ridley, s. s 3 2 0 0 3 3 2
Pitts, p 5 3 2 0 0 3 0
Totals 44 16 13 6 2R 14 4
Stockton— AB. R. BH. SB. PO A E
Selna. lb 5 1 1 0 12 0 2
Wlllngs, s. s 5 0 2 0 13 6
Smith, 2 b 4 10 0 14 0
Peters, c 5 0 10 8 10
White. 3 b 4 110 110
Walters, 1. f 5 1 0 0 0 0 2
Rico. c. f 4 110 0 0 0
Stewart, r. f 4 110 11
Flege, p 3 110 0 4 1
Totals 39 7 8 0 24 H 11
Runs by Innings.
Stockton 1 0 0 3 2 0 0 1 o—7
Base hits 110211020—8
Sacramento 1 3 2 2 0 1 3 4 •—lB
Base hits 12310123 •—l3
Karned runs—Sacramento 1. Throe-base hit
Peters. Two-base hit—Reitz. Sacrifice hits-
Stewart 2, McHale 2. Suilivan 1. Double plays
—Mi-Hale to Reitz to Caverly. Base on balls-
Off Flege 3. off Pitts 1. Struck out—By Fiege
6. by Pitts 2. Left on bases—Stockton 5, Sac
ramento 7. Hit by pitcher—Ridley. N. Smith
Flege. Passed ball—Sullivan. Umpire—Charles
Chase. Scorer—A. H. Harlln. Time of game-
One hour and 50 minutes.
THIS WAS AWFUL.
GUt Edges Make a Spectacle of the
Nine From O^kl^nd.
SACRAMENTO, April 17. -The yellow
est variety of baseball seen here since
the Boston bloomer girls waddled around
the bags was that offered by the Oak
lands of the Pacific States League here
to-day in thefr alleged game with the
Gilt Edge club of this city. About 1000
persons witnessed the first half of the
game, but fully half of the crowd got
tired and did not wait for the finish. The
Gilt Edges were in fine form and had
their opponents known the game would
have put up champion ball. They tired
toward the end and played horse with
the visitors, otherwise the score would
have been still more glaring. The score:
Gilt Edge— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donnie. 2b 6 2 10 4 2 0
Hennessey, lb 6 4 4 0 6 0 0
Stanley, c 5 3 2 15 2 0
Peeples, 3b 6 3 2 0 6 3 0
Doyle, p 7 2 3 0 0 3 0
Lochhead, s. s 6 6 3 3 1 2 0
Shanahan, c. f 4 3 1 0 2 0 2
Borland, 1. f 7 1 2 0 2 1 0
Harvey, r. f 6 2 4 0 1 0 0
Totals 63 26 22 4 27 13 2
Oakland— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Ward, 2b 3 110 2 4 0
Hammond, c 3 0 0 0 6 1 0
Krug, 8. a 4 0 8 0 1 2 0
Pyne, c. f 4 0 0 0 4 1 0
Goslinsky, 1b&p...4 1 0 0 6 1 0
EaKan, 8. 8 2 0 1 0 1 2 3
('roll, 1. f 2 0 10 3 0 0
Dunleavy, lb 3 0 0 0 2 16
Brockoft, 3b 3 0 0 0 2 3 2
McKee, r. f *2 0 10 0 0 0
Totals 30 2 7 0 26 16 10
Runs by Innings.
Gilt Edge 06410950 1—26
Base hits  03311750 2—22
Oakland 1 10000000—2
Base hits 2 10111100—7
Home runs — Shanahan and Peoples. Three
base hit— Stanley. Two-base hits— Borland,
Harvey, Loohhead, Croll. First base on er
rors—Gilt Edge 7. First base on called balls-
Gilt Edge 9, Oakland 4. Left on bases— Gilt
Edge 6, Oakland 3. Struck out— By Doyle 4,
by Krug 3, by Goslinsky 1. Hit by pltchei^-
Dennle and Hennessey. Double plays— Peeples
to Hennessey; Brockofr to Ward to Goslinsky.
Passed ball— Stanley. Wild pitch— Doyle. Time
of game — 1 hour 50 mm. moires — Griffin and
Levy. Official scorer— G. L. Griffin.
BEACHCOMBERS WIN.
A Fast Game" at San Jose Lost by the
Home Team.
■ SAN JOSE, April 17.— About 2000 spec
tators saw the Santa Cruz team of the
Pacific - States League defeat the local
nine at Cyclers Park to-day by a score
of 4 to 3."' ; The '.game was -exciting- from
start to finish and many fine plays were
made on both sides. Costly errors by
San Jose lost the game. The score: •
■ Santa Cruz— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hopkins, 1. f......... 4 110 2 0 0
Devereaux, 3b........ 4 1 10 2 6 1
Williams, s. s 4 0 0 0 11
Rtreib.c. f. .......... 4 0 10 4 0 0
Fltgerald, lb 4 0 0 0 14 1 1
McUrath, r. 1 ....... 4 0 10 10 1
Balsz, p..:.. 4 10 0 0 10
Andoniss, ;2b......... 4 0 0 0 14 2
Daubenbiss, c •-•* 110 2 2 0
Totals ...36 4 5 0 27 15 6
San Jose— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hanley. 2b.... ..4 0 2 0 2 10
Hanlon, lb 3 0 0 0 11 1 2
McGucken, c. f......'4 0 1110 0
G. Foley, r. 1. ....... 4010 0 0 0
McCarthy, s. 5....... 4 0 0 13 4 2
Kent. c...... .4 11 0 5 2 1
Perrelera, 1. f 4 1112 0 0
F. Foley, 3b 4 110 12 2
Iberg, p ..400 0050
Totals ....35' 3 7 2 »25 15 7
■ •One man out when winning run was made.
Runs: by Innings. :
San 05e.... 01000020 o—3
Santa Cruz.......:...... 0 0 1.0 1 0 1 0 1—
Earned run— Santa Cruz. Two-base hits—
Perrclra Devereaux. , Three-base hit — Andoniss.
Struck out— Ibergr 4. by Balsz 2. Left on
bases— San Jose 4, . Santa •"- Cruz 3. Hit •by
pitcher— Balsz. Passed . balls— Daubenbiss ■2.
Time of game— hour 49 mm. Umpires—Lan
ders and 6'Connell. Scorers— and Doyle.
PACIFIC STATES LEAGUE.
Santa Cruz is still in the lead with a
clean record, with Sacramento close up.
San Jose is playing better ball now, and
it is quite evident that the three country
teams will have it all their own way
unless the locals and Oaklands take a
big brace. Following is the record:
CLUB 3.
N
v
1
8j
5
Cruz
lento ...
>se
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
1
0
"6'
l
l
1
0
1
1
2
1
0
1
1
0
1
1
4
3
I
\\
2 i
1.750
.400
.•„«)
.285
.333
L)n.klnml
Athletics
0
i'
Lost
1
3
•i
15
- ■
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
♦
This week we will place on sale
the following NEW LINES In oup
SILK DEPARTMENT.
New Wash Surahs.
Best duality full 24 inches wide ? fast
colors and a splendid variety of designs.
Price, 75c Yard.
New Foulard Silks.
24 inches wide, in an ele&ant variety of
new designs, aiso in dots and stripes.
Price, $1.00 Yard.
New Checked Taffeta Silks.
Extra heavu aualitu, yeru handsome color-
ings, suitable for Ladies' Waists,
Price, $1.00 Yard.
See our window display
of etkyo\/& goods.
111, 113. 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
If economy is desired in your
household you can accomplish it
here without using inferior goods
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Butter — first class square 3£C
EggS -fresh ranch . dOZ 1^
Malt Whiskey-Wm Perm -jsc
■ - regularly $1 bottle 7 years old
An excellent medicine
Sliced Peaches ' 3 tins 2^c
regularly ioc tin i Ib
: Dainty tins — dainty dessert
Mandarin Nectar tea 4£c
regularly 6oc lb
A blend of natural leaf teas-
oolong flavor predominating
Cresent blend coffee 22 \t
regularly 25c lb
Prices of many coffees reduced —
in this one we improve the quality
. FlOUr Sifter— the Royal lOC
regularly — wheel inside sieve
Substantial — strong — a neces-
sity in every kitchen
Fruit syrups- teir cc 40c
regularly 50c bottle
potnrgranate — pineapple — orgeat —
raspberry. — vanilla — strawberry —
grenadine lemon and gum
Com — Sea Foam ; 12JC
regularly 15c tin — fancy Maine
High grade food
Talcum powder tin ioc
Lady Jeanette's— it softens and
preserves the skin— reduces sun-
burn — baby powder
Italian anchovies in oil 20c
regularly 25c tin
A delicate morsel
Yin Tonique Pasteur " 6oc
regularly 75c bottle
A good port wine tonic
Everard breweries- n*wyo*
. •Alf and 'Alf ) . y^ t An
Ale and porter ) - . V l '4°
regularly $1.75 a dozen
v food for nursing : mothers-
strength builders .
Roya/i sardines i^c
regularly 20c tin
Ala vatel and a laßordelalse «
Both in oil one flavored with
garlic — the other with 1 truffles
and peppers '
Toilet paper — Belvedere $1.10
regularly $1.50 dozen packages
Cigars
This department brings men here
— a good reason for selling good
cigars close so the men will come -
;"; back . ; ■ ' . ; :-. ••''. ■
April catalogue has reduced prices on
coffee — some new illustrations and
other interesting contents — free '
432 Pine - U< Sutler : 2SOO California San Fran.
'■isi-o 107s Clnv between nth and 12th Oakland
X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOSNEr-Al" LAW, :
Tenth : Floor, Room 1015,: Claus Spreckels ' Bldg.
~ .-', s Telephone Brown 931. -> :..-..
Residence, 821 California street, below Powell,
San Francisco. ■ . :
B.H. PAUL'S
NEWLY ARRIVED
COLLECTION,
ANTIQUE, RARE AND FINE
TURKISH Of ID 0
PERSIAN nUllll
With his last stock, before his departure to
Alaska,
WILL BE CLOSED OUT AT UNRESERVED
COMMENCING DAILY AT 2 P. M.,
At 106-108 Grant aye., between Tost and Geary.
As every rug will be sold out regardless of
cost, a life-time chance to buy genuine good*
at your own prices.
_ N. E. CLARK. Auctioneer.
Beware of Imitations
JOHN PONC^'B SONS, AaIMT», N(W YORK.
IS THE PROPER DISTANCE:
at wKkH A HORMAL-EYE should clearly '
" OI^TIHGUISH LETTER!) 3 /s°fAH IHCH LOHO.
CALL and HAVE yoUR EYES TESTED
>-i\ _ FREE <f CHARGE, -i'j'r
OPTi^AP!S % fcS^Jd^iri
642 MARKET St.
OKDtR CHRONICLE. BUILDING.
000000000000000000
»«ff palace- *■*?%
IGRAND hotels °
q SAN FRANCISCO. ~t
Connect cii. by n covered p«ss»irei»*jr. "
O 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. ©
O all Under One Management O
O NOTE TEE PRICE 3:.-;. '■■;.; Q
I q European Plan. Si 1. 00 per day and upward n
l ~" American Plan. »j3. oo per day and upward >» ■
O 1 ; •/; Corre.-;tM>.ri(i>-n.--' Solicited.* -.- Q-
O V JOHN C. KIREPATBICK, Manager. q
9 o o 000 00 0000000000