no_textVOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 79.
DID AN AGENT OF SPAIN
DESTROY THE BATTLE-SHIP?
STRONG INDICATIONS
OF AN ATROCIOUS
NATIONAL CRIME
POSITIVE
PROOF IS
LACKING
Captain Sigsbee Believes
His Ship Was Blown
Up From Outside.
Tells the Facts to the Govern
ment at Washington, but
Wants the People Kept
in the Dark.
THE WORK OF SPANIARDS.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 16.— A message from Captain Sigsbee
received by Secretary Long shortly after 9 a. m. to-day gives
it as his opinion that the magazine of the Maine was blown up
by a torpedo set by the Spanish, but urges the department not
to take action or give out this statement until he has had time
to make something like a definite investigation.
NEW YORK, Feb. 16.— A special to the World from Washington
says: A suppressed cable dispatch received by Secretary Long from
Captain Sigsbee announced the captain's conclusion, after a hasty ex
amination, that the disaster to thp Maine was not caused by accident.
He expressed the belief that whether the explosion originated from
within or without, it was made possible by an enemy.
He requested that this intimation of his suspicions be considered
confidential until he could conduct a more extended investigation.
This dispatch was laid before the President, at whose suggestion
Assistant Secretary Da-" cabled Consul General Lee to make what
ever examination was possible himself and render assistance to Cap
tain Sigsbee.
In the same dispatch Captain Sigßbee said that not more than
one hour prior to the explosion the magazines and boilers had been
carefully inspected, thus, in his judgment, precluding the possibility of
accident.
Copyrighted IS9B by James Gcrdon Bennett.
HAVANA, Feb. 16.— 0f the Maine's
crew of 354 officers, bluejackets and
VESSELS OF .THE AMERICAN FLEET WHICH IS NOW IN READINESS TO OPERATE IN CUBAN WATERS.
The San Francisco Call
marines, only 101 have been accounted
for. This means that 253 perished in
that frightful explosion which took
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1898.
LIST OF THE SAVED.
I
WASHINGTON, Feb. 16. — Captain Slgsbee has reported in answer
to a cable message of inquiry that the following officers and men
were saved from the Maine:
Captain C. D. Slgsbee. Lieut Commander R. Wainwrlght.
Lieutenant G. F. Whitman. Lieutenant J. Hood.
Lieutenant C. Jungen. Lieutenant C. P. Blow.
Surgeon S. J. Heneberger. Paymaster C. M. Ray.
Chief Engineer C. P. Howell. Lieutenant J. J. Blanden.
Chaplain J. P. Chadwick. Past Asst. Engineer F. C. Bowers.
Lieut, of Marines A. F. Catlln. Asst. Engineer J. R. Morris.
Naval Cadet J. H. Holden. Naval Cadet W. E. Cluverius.
W. E. Johnson. P. Washington.
A. Crenshaw. J. T. Boyd.
Boatswain F. E. LarWn. Gunner J. Hill.
Carpenter J. Helm. Paymaster Clerk D. McCarthy.
Men— M. Redon, Peder Larsen. W. R. Caulfie. Charles H. Bullock,
Thomas Melville, Alonzo Willis, Patrick Gaffney, Katsusaburo Kus
hida, C. M. Nolan, John H. Turpin, M. I. Harris, William Lund,
Harry Jertzen, A. J. Holland, John Herbert, P. J. Foley, Robert
Hutchins. George Schwartz, W. E. Richards, Harry Teackle, Patrick
Flynne, G. J. Dressier, George David, Peter Michaelson, M. E. Sal
min, George Fox, B. R. Wilbur, J. J. Waters. John Anderson, Carl
Christianson, G. W. Koehler, A- V. Ericcson, James Williams, J.
White, John H. Panck, J. W. Allen, James Rowe,
D. Cronin, F. Cahill, J. Kane. Fred Jerene, C A. Smith, G. Shea, A.
B. Herness, J. Heffron, J. H. Bloomer, J. W. Johnson, Charles Berg
man. William Mattison, A. Johnson, C. F. Pit oner, F. C. Holtzer, G.
Loftus. J. J. McManus, W. Matiason, J. F. Furlong, J. F. Gordon.
Charles Denning, William McNair. M. Hallock, W. S. Sellers, A.'
Knez, Benjamin McKay, Thomas Mack, Arthur Raven and W. M.
Gartzell.
place in Havana harbor last night, and
which tore a stout battleship into
shreds.
There is, I regret to say, no reason
for hoping that this pitifully small list
of survivors will be swelled by the
names of any others saved. Wild ex
citement, and still wilder rumors, fol
lowed the conclusion of the terrific
blast. The explosion shattered windows
and electric lights and flung the city
into a tumult of excitement, such as it
has rarely witnessed before. Crowds
that had gathered in i»ur>lic places dis
persed in quick order and other knots
gathered to follow a moment later at
the hotels some leader who knew no
more where he was going than they.
Fire engines came bounding down
the narrow streets from no one knows
where, and going no man knew where.
All the populace turned ont and throngs
gradually trended toward the water
front, but for half an hour or more no
one in the midst of that half-crazed
crowd knew aught of the awful tragedy
that lay just beyond.
The streets became congested and
one had a tooth and nail task to force
his way through. The report was first
that the arsenal had blown up, and then
it was said that the Spanish man-of-war
had torpedoed the Maine. And this was
while the men of the Alfonso XIII were
struggling to the work of rescue.
The Ward Line steamer City of
Washington and the cruiser were the
first to reach the scene, and their crews
did all that could be done to rescue the
drowning. Three boats from the Maine
were there, too. in f.-wtt, <here were
more boats to pick up swimmers than
there were swimmers to be picked up.
Some more survivors were brought
to the landing place and turned over to
the firemen, who carried the wounded
on stretchers to the hospitals. Others
were brought alongside the City of
Washington, and still others were car
ried to the Alfonso XIII. The wreck
took fire and lighted the harbor by the
lurid glare of flames, fed chiefly by the
inflammable cellulose contained in the
forward and after ends. The wreck
burned the long night through, and
when broke the solemn, pitying dawn
dark wreaths of smoke were still curl
ing upward from the shapeless mass.
At sunrise all the flags in the harbor
were at half-mast.
I spent the early morning hours on
board the City of Washington, and
could not help but admire the generous
spirit of all connected with that vessel
and the fortitude of the sufferers thick
ly strewn on mattresses about the deck
and in the staterooms. Once in a while
some poor sufferer would groan, but as
a rule they lay quiet as careless as the
dead whose bodies lay with the wreck.
A score of different causes have been
assigned to account for the explosion
and the cataclysm that followed, all of
them more or less reasonable, accord
ing to the light in which they were
viewed. Captain Sigsbee was up nearly
all night looking out for the comfort of
his men. He took a short rest before
Map of the Part of Havana Harbor in Which the Maine Was Lying When the Explosion
Occurred.
early daylight, and soon afterward he
stood on the deck of the City of Wash
ington peering into the falling mist
which was screening the wreck of his
gallant ship.
The City of Washington was under
way then, shifting her berth. She
passed close to where the curled and
twisted plates of the after superstructure
showed where the wreck had gone
down, and tears came to Captain Sigs
bee's eyes as he looked and thought of
the gallant men whose lives had so sud
denly gone out.
The Maine went down in water deep
enough to submerge all but the after
part of her superstructure deck. The
whole forward part of the hull was
turned completely inside out by the ex
plosion. Officers tell me that had the
explosion taken place when the vessel
was in deeper water, that first wild lurch
of hers would have sent her settling
sideways to the bottom. As it was, the
vessel sunk within three minutes, partly
righting as she touched bottom.
Reverting to the many explanations
that have been advanced to account for
the disaster, the officers of the stricken
ship are consistently silent. They will
say nothing beyond pointing out the
many precautions that are taken with
explosives and the care that is taken
with the magazines. It is inconceivable
how any internal explosion could have
occurred without the exertion of an
outside force.
The captain choked down his emo
tion when I asked him of the disaster.
"There is very little that I can tell
you," he replied. "I was in my cabin
at the time. I had just finished a letter
to my family when that awful crash
came. The ship lurched heavily to port
and I knew in an instant what it all
meant — that it meant my ship had
blown up.
"All the cabin lights were put out,
and I groped my way out of the apart
ment. I met my orderly running to
ward me. Reaching the deck, I gave
orders to post sentries, keep silence and
to flood the magazines. The magazines
were already flooding themselves. I
saw then that the disaster was complete;
in fact, I noticed a Tew of our men
struggling in the water.
"Only three boats were left of the
number we carried. These, gig, barge
and the second whaleboat, were lowered
as quickly as we could get them into
the water. There was a big hole
knocked in the side of the barge, and it
is a wonder it did not sink with the few
men who had climbed into it."
"What do you think caused the ex
Continued on Second Pace. „
WAR WITH SPAIN
MAY BE THE NEXT
THING TO FOLLOW
A Senator Talks Seriously of That
Contingency to Follow the
Horror of the Maine.
BOSTON, Feb. 16. — A Washington special
It has been known for some time
that the harbor of Havana was not
a safe place for American men-of
war. Members of the Foreign
Relations Committee of the Senate
hare received, in confidence, in
formation that within a week Cap
tain Sigsbee has telegraphed to the
Nary Department, begging them to
send no more ships to Ha r ana at
present, and adding, "We are liable
to be blown out of the water any
minute."
Senator Money of Mississippi, who served
in the last Congress as a member of the
Foreign Affairs Committee of the House,
and who visited Cuba last winter to make
a personal investigation of the conditions
there, says he learned then that the harbor
of Havana was mined throughout, and that
640 torpedoes were located at available
points. Senator Moneys statement is con
firmed in a genera' way by others. There
seems to be no question that there are tor
pedoes in the harbor, and when that is
admitted the burden of proof falls entirely
upon Spain.
Conditions could hardly be graver than
they appear to-night, and the promised
disclaimer for the De Lome letter has not
yet been received. Every naval officer of
any standing who has talked about the
disaster declares it is his opinion that
it was the result of design, and that no
mere accident could have brought about
such terrible consequences. Among the
members of Congress the opinion is al
most unanimous that the destruction of the
Maine is due to treachery, and that the
American sailors lying dead at the bottom
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
of Havana harbor were sent there by Span
ish hands.
As a rule, the opinion at Washington is
that the Maine was destroyed through
Spanish connivance, and this opinion will
be maintained until proof positive to the
contrary can be adduced. Should it be
shown that the explosion was not due to
accidental causes war must result This
is the feeling of men who are versed in
international affairs, and who are not
usually carried off their feet by the out
bursts of popular excitement.
One of the most eminent Republican lead'
ers, a man who is perhaps more intimately
acquainted with diplomatic usage than any
other in public life, one who has a reputa
tion for conservatism and carefulness of
speech, and who on more than one occasion
has spoken the sentiments of the adminis
tration in Congress, said last night that if
it should be proven that Spain was in any
way responsible for the destruction of tht
Maine, war would inevitably result.
He was asked if Spain could be considered
liable in a monetary sense for damages.
" There is no question of monetary dam
ages," he replied emphatically, "which
could be thought of for a moment. This is
a matter which passes far beyond anything
of that kind. Consider for a moment what
has happened! An American man-of-war
has been sunk in the harbor of the one
unfriendly nation in the world.
"It is not a question for us to discuss
from a scientific point of view. Had the
Maine foundered in the harbor of Glasgow,
then it might be a subject for considera
tion. The philosophers have no standing in
such a case."
It was suggested to him that divers
might be sent to the bottom of the harbor to
investigate the condition of the wreck and2
find out just how the explosion occurred.
"What good will that do?" he asked.
••What can divers discover about a hulk of \
5000 tons of steel sunk in the mud and j
filth of the foulest harbor in the world ? I
No ! There is no investigation of that kind
which can be of the slightest value. If the
presumption is that the Maine was sunk by
outside means, then Spain must be held
strittly accountable, and there is only one
way known among the nations of the world
by which accountability can be enforced.
If the tragedy was due to a torpedo, then it
must be assumed that this torpedo was
directed by those who are in control of the
harbor and the city.
"No, disavowal can a rail nothing. Spain
might say that it was the work of an irre
sponsible and crazy subordinate. She
might offer the most abject apology and put
to death every man responsible directly or
indirectly. Even that would not avail.
There is only one way in which satisfaction
can be given. That is through an appeal to
arms."
The man who said this is not a jingo. If
his name were to be disclosed it would carry
weight on two continents, and he spoke with
a seriousness which was born of the gravity
of the situation.
DID AN AGENT OF
SPAIN DESTROY
THE BATTLESHIP?
Continued from First Page.
plosion?" I asked Captain Sigsbee.
"You will have to excuse me from
answering that," he replied. "In such
cases it is best not to think; it is best to
know. That requires investigation and
time."
Lieutenant John T. Bfandin, who was
the officer of the watch at the time of
the explosion, gave me this version of
his own experiences and of tht whole
case under his immediate observation.
"I went on watch at 6 o'clock, relieving
Lieutenant Blow. At 9:40 o'clock,
while on the port side of the quarter
deck, an explosion occurred, seemingly
on the port side forward, followed im
mediately by a second one. I was struck
on the head by a flying piece of wreck
age, but not stunned. I climbed on the
poop deck, where I found the captain,
the executive officers and several others.
The barge and gig were lowered and
manned, they being the only boats left.
We picked up all the wounded that
could be found and put them into the
boats.
"The Spanish flagship Alfonso XIII
had sent four or five boats very prompt
ly to our aid, and more of our wounded
were sent to the Alfonso. One of our
boats pulled around the Maine and
picked up several men who had been
blown into the water. The executive
officer went forward to see if the fire
could be put out. and found that it was
useless to try to do anything to save
the ship, as she was a total wreck.
"The captain then gave the order to I
abandon the ship, and most of us went
in the boats of the City of Washington
of the Ward Line, where we were most i
cordially received and cordially treated.
The captain was the last to leave the
ship."
Paymaster Ray, who only a few day?
ago relieved Paymaster Littlefield on
the Maine, told me of his experience.
"I was in my room writing a letter,"'
Mr. Kay said, "when I felt the shock.
Long residence in earthquake countries
has given me the instinct to get under a
door when- I hear a noise of that sort,
and it is lucky for me that I am pos
sessed of that sort of instinct, for I
had hardly got under the door iamb be
fore debris was crashing all around me.
After the shower I made my way on
deck and got into the barge. I took
an oar, as did Lieutenant Blow and
Engineer Morris. We pulled a long
time, but found only one man, whom
we picked up."
<: I was sitting abaft the aft turret talk
ing to Boatswain Larkin," said Assist
ant Engineer j. R. Morris, "I am a
bit hazy as to how it all happened. AH
I can remember now is I was thrown to
the deck and that when I regained my
feet and tried to reach the superstruc
ture I was three times knocked down
by falling wreckage. I got on the
superstructure some how and then into
the barge. Fred Lanahan, landsman,
was sleeping in his hammock under the
topgallant forecastle. He was hoisted
high into the air by the explosion, anU
strangely enough was fished out of the
water with never a bruise or burn."
The steamship Olivette arrived early
in the morning. As soon as her passen
gers had been landed the wounded from
the hospitals ashore and from the Al
fonso XIII were transferred to her. To
her were also sent as passengers to Key
West, Lieutenant John Hood and
twelve officers of the Maine. Dr. Dud
ley of the United States marine hospital
service in Havana accompanied the ship
as medical officer in charge of the
wounded.
The lighthouse steamer Mangrove
reached Havana early in the afternoon,
followed shortly afterward by the sup
ply steamer Fern, tender to the North
Atlantic fleet.
The loss of Lieutenant Jenkins and \
Cadet Merritt is deeply felt. Poor Jen- j
kins — I had seen him a few hours be- i
fore in the Hotel Ingletarra. He was j
to have taken dinner with me, but at
the last moment decided to potspone
the engagement.
There were three magazines forward, !
but a!! of them contained powder, and i
my informants could not understand |
how this could be exploded by a tor- j
pedo bursting under water.
When the cable closed at I o'clock
last night only thirty-seven officers and |
men had been reported as surviving the :
explosion. Before daylight it was
known that more had been brought
ashore and taken to the hospitals or
were on board the ships in the harbor.
I made the rounds of the hospitals. |
commencing at 1:30. At 2:30 more of {
One of the Guns Mounted on the "Baterie de la Reina" at Havana, Which Covers the Approach to Havana Bay.
the wounded had been brought in and
had received attention, but one by one
.ill night long stretchers bearing sea
men, burned and scarred, were carried
into the wards. The Spanish doctors in
charge did all that lay in human power.
The hospitals were already crowded
with sick soldiers, but room was im
mediately made for the wounded from
the Maine.
I have asked several officers of the
Maine what, in their opinion, caused
the explosion and what they believed it
to be.
"I do not believe it was a torpedo
and I do not believe it was a mine,"
three who were willing to express an
opinion at all said to me. Among their
reasons for thinking so is the fact that
neither a torpedo nor a mine would
have caused the destruction that the
explosion wrought. There is no doubt
that the explosion came from the for
ward and port side. It was argued
that a torpedo exploded against the
sides of the ship might by its detona
tion set off any high explosives located
near, but there were no high explosives
stowed forward in the Maine, the gun
cotton magazine being located aft.
I had an interview with General Lee.
who declined to express any opinion
regarding the cause of the accident.
He says no doubt an inquiry by experts
will be held and the American public
should remain tranquil until the result
of that investigation can be made
known. He cannot at present accept
the theory that the first explosion came
from underneath the ship.
The Municipal Council of the Colonial
Government to-day visited Lee and ex
pressed condolence.
A number of the men at San Am
brosia Hospital are destined to carry t(
the grave some, I fear, very soon, the
marks of to-night's disaster. Whenever
a man could speak he said: "The first
explosion occurred amidships."
"What was there a,midships to ex
plode?" 1 asked.
"Nothing on board," was the inva
riable reply, "but God knows what was
underneath the ship."
From seventeen swathed men lying
i between life and death I heard re
j pea ted those same words, "The first ex
j plosion took place amidships."
The officers of the City of Washing
ton will aJso make statements to this
effect when they arrive in New York.
It Js worthy of notice that fifteen min
utes after the explosion on the Maine
the Alfonso XIII was being towed out
of the reach of danger.
OFFICIALS AT SEA
ABOUT THE DISASTER.
But There Ib a Clear Idea That Spain
Is at Fault for the Catas
trophe.
"WASHINGTON, Feb. 16.— Just what
caused the accident that sent the
! United States warship Maine to the
i bottom of Havana harbor last night is
i still unknown in "Washington, al
! though it is gradually coming to be be
! lieved that the explosion was the work
i of some person, either Cuban or Span
;lard.
Dispatches from Havana to this Gov
ernment to-day were not specific upon
the accident. General Lee, United
States Consul, was apparently as much
at sea as anybody, and it is likely to
be some time before the truth of the
matter comes out. The feeling in
Washington was intense, and it is the
general belief that the Spaniards are
responsible for the loss of the Maine,
although it is frequently suggested
that the work may have been done by
Cubans, who would like to get this
country embroiled in a war with
Spain. Still this is not generally ac
cepted.
It was noticed this morning that the
Spanish Government was remarkably
prompt in getting a message of sym
pathy to the United States Govern
ment. The unusual promptness ex
cited the suspicion that if the Maine
was sunk by Spaniards the Govern
ment at Madrid had previous knowl
edge of the plot.
Secretary Long was urged by pretty
nearly all of his associates to send
warships to Havana Immediately. The
Secretary, on the other hand, was urg
ed by General Lee at Havana not to
send warships there, whatever else he
did.
This signifies that the feeling at Ha
vana must be at a tremendous high
pitch, and General Lee feels that great
trouble would be sure to follow the ap
pearance of American warships in the
harbor.
His dispatches did not indicate that
ehlps were not needed, but that he
feared the consequences if they were
sent.
The department within recent years
has been greatly troubled with repoTts
of spontaneous combustion of coal in
the ships' bunkers, which have endan
gered the lives of the crews and the
safety of the ships. The Cincinnati,
twice at least, has been obliged to
flood her magazines to prevent their
blowing up during tires of this kind,
and the cruiser Boston has been 1n the
same condition. In some of these cases
shelving in the magazines which sepa
rated the powder have been charred by
the heat caused by the burning coal in
the adjacent bunkers. Although the
bunkers are inspected under the regu
lations at frequent intervals, so nu
merous have been thpse cases of spon
taneous combustion that the Navy De
partment only recently had the special
board Investigate the subjeot with the
view of applying preventive measures.
Unfortunately, this board was pre
vented from making the thorough In
vestigation necessary because no funds
werq applicable to the purpose. Even
empty bunkers have exploded. In the
Atlanta some years aeo. the bunker ex
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1898.
ploded with great violence and the only
explanation that could be given was
that it probably was caused by the ig
niting of the vapors arising from the
new paint applied to the lining of the
bunkers.
The theory advanced by the Spanish
authorities that the disaster might
have been caused by the explosion of
the boiler is accepted at the Navy De
partment as within the bounds of
credibility. The Maine's boiler was
separated from the powder magazines
at the nearest point by a space of about
four feet, usually filled with coal. At
least one boiler undoubtedly was kept
under almost full steam in order to run
the dynamo and move the ship in case
of need. The explosion of such a boiler
might easily drive through the bulk
head and fire the magazine.
Inasmuch as suspicion exists in some
quarters that a torpedo was used
against the Maine, it may be said that
the majority of naval officers believe
that the character of the explosion was
hardly such as could be attributed to
a torpedo. The latter, charged with
about 100 pounds of powder err gun-cot
ton, it is believed, would have torn a
large hole in the bottom or side of the
Maine, but was scarcely likely' to fire
the magazine, which is not near the
bottom.
MEMBERS OF CONGRESS
HESITATE TO SPEAK.
And Yet It Is Apparent That There
Is Among Them More Than a
Suspicion of Spain.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 16.— The great
est interest prevailed among Senators
and Representatives as to the extent
of the Maine disaster. The gravity of
the situation, in case later advices
should show the disaster was not pure
ly accidental, was admitted by all pub
lic men. Many public men, in the face
of the appalling catastrophe, the mea
ger information at hand and the possi
ble consequences, therefore declined to
express any opinion at this time.
Chairman Hltt of the Foreign Affairs
''ommittee, Chairman Dingley of the
Ways and Means, and members of the
Xaval Committee of the House all said
they preferred to await further infor
mation before expressing themselves.
Hitt said It would be well for the pub
lic to follow the cue given by Captain
Sigsbee and suspend judgment until
the cause was ascertained.
Senator JPlatt of Connecticut express
ed the belief that the explosion would
be found to be the result of an accident
from within.
Ex-Senator Butler of South Carolina,
a member of the Committee on Foreign
Relations in the Senate during his
service, was of the opinion that some
bold man had gone aboard the Maine
and placed a grenade with a slow
match where it would explode the mag
azine.
Senator Hale, chairman of the Com
mittee on Naval Affairs, said he had
just come from an interview with the
Secretary of the Navy and he felt con
fident the Navy Department would In
stitute a thorough investigation.
"There is no occasion," said the Sen
ator, "for Congress to take the matter
up. It is, of course, impossible from
the information received to say how
the accident occurred, but I feel confi
dent the facts when developed will
show that it was an accident. The
Maine was prepared for action in case
action should be necessary, and had
therefore many vulnerable points ex
posed. A battle-ship is little less than
a volcano under the most favorable
circumstances, and when legislating
for the increase of the navy I always
feel that a war vessel may prove as
dangerous to those on board as to
those to whom it may engage in con
tests."
The Senator expressed the opinion
that Congress would take steps to pre
vent the decrease of the navy, but
would not undertake to say there
would be immediate efforts to replace
the Maine. He said whatever could
have caused the catastrophe he was
sure no friend of Spain could have been
guilty of such conduct for the reason
that the act would have been a very
foolish and foolhardy one.
Senator Fairbanks said: "A thor
ough investigation doubtless will be
instituted by the proper authorities. It
is a most deplorable accident and one
which will awaken general sympathy."
Senator Warren of Wyoming: "If It
should develop that the Spanish had
anything to do with the occurrence
both the United States navy and army
ought to be summoned to take the mat
ter up in earnest. If it should prove an
accident it should be carefully investi-
gated, for it is high time such accidents
were prevented. It has apparently
come to be true that our naval vessels
cannot make any move, cannot go up a
stream or down a stream or out to sea,
without grounding or having some
other accident befall them. I hope,
therefore, that no time will be lost in
determining the cause and placing the
responsibility for the occurrence."
Senators Chandler, Mason and Carter
of the Senate Committee on Postoffices
AN AMERICAN TORPEDO BOAT.
and Postroads were talking about the
accident. Senator Chandler said no
one could tell how the accident had oc
curred as yet. It might have been a
torpedo under the bows of the ship or it
might have been an accident while
handling ammunition.
"But they are not likely to have been
handling ammunition at 10 o'clock at
liight." put in Senator Mason.
"Oh, they might have been," con
tinued Senator Chandler. "If the ex
plosion was from within it was no
doubt an accident; if from without,
then no doubt it was by design."
Senator Carter expressed the opinion
that no amount of investigation would
clear up the mystery. The explosion
would leave no trace of what took
place before, and the burning ship
would obliterate all possibility of
knowledge.
Senators Pascoe of Florida and Clay
of Georgia thought the matter should
be fully Investigated and a full report
made. If necessary Congress should then
act. Senator Clay said: "There is no
proof that the Spanish are in any way
responsible for this serious calamity,
and we should be slow to make charges
without proof to substantiate them."
Senator Morgan of Alabama, a mem
ber of the Committee on Foreign Af
fairs, said: "In the absence of definite
information as to the cause and results
of the Maine catastrophe, I would not
venture an opinion upon it. If it was
an accident, as the first dispatches
seem to indicate, it was most deplor
able; if it was due to treachery, as
some are inclined to believe, it was
most heinous, and no penalty would be
too severe for those responsible for it.
But whether the calamity was due to
accident or treachery, I should like to
see introduced in Congress a joint res
olution providing for the immediate
construction of two battle-ships equal
LONGITUDINAL SECTION OF THE BATTLE-SHIP MAINE.
in size and equipment to the Maine and
costing not a dollar less than the ill
fated Maine cost. Action of that kind
by us would indicate to the world that
whenever or wherever one of our ten
tacles was cut off two would at once
grow in its place.
"It seeniß almost out of question that
it was the result, of an accident. It is
usual for a ship of the Maine's class to
carry her magazines in her bow, where
the explosion seems to have occurred.
But I can say nothing of that now. I
cannot guess and cannot speculate. It
is an awful calamity. Let us await the
particulars."
Senator Perkins of California, who
has been a navigator all his life and
knows thoroughly every detail in the
construction and handling of great
ships, said:
"I cannot conceive that such an ex
pjosion as that which is reported to
have wrecked the Maine could have re
sulted from an accident. The chances,
it seems to me, are 999 in 1000 that the
calamity did not result from accident.
It has been suggested that the explo
sion might have occurred while ammu
nition was being handled, but that is
scarcely credible, as ammunition on a
warship at anchor is not handled at 10
o'clock at night. Then, too, the ammu
nition on a warship is fixed ammuni
tion, which is not in contact with any
thing at all likely to produce an ex
plosion. Every electric wire and ev
ery spark of fire on board the ship is
far distant from the magazines, and
there is no possibility of danger by
those means being communicated to
thf> ammunition. The discipline of both
officers and men on the Maine, as well
as on every other vessel, is such that
the explosion could not have been
caused by any action of any one of
them. The magazines of the Maine and
other ships of her class, and the mech
anism which operates them, are con
structed with all the nicety of a watch.
"By the simple pressure of an electric
button any magazine on board the yes-
sel could be instantly submerged and
no flre could gain such headway as to
endanger any of the magazines with
out discovery. I am firmly of the be
lief that the horror in Havana harboi
last night was not due to accident. J
can scarcely conceive either that it wai
due to the treachery of Spanish official*
or was brought about through theii
cognizance. However, the situation ir
Havana is so critical and the Spanish
feel so keenly what appears to many o
them an affront that the Maine shouk 1
have been in the harbor, that It seems
not unlikely the catastrophe was duf
to the action of Spanish sympathizers
That it was not an accident I feel as
sured, and that It was due to treachery
I am convinced."
Senator Mills of the Committee or
Foreign Relations expressed the opln
ion that the occurrence was the wort
of a torpedo. "I would not say," hr
said, "that the Spanish were respon
sible for it. but some one it must havt
been who had free access to the waterr
of the bay. I don't think It could have
been due to accident and I think bup
picions, but no clew, seem to
offer evidence sufficient to warrant ar
rests. Efforts are being made to appre
hend the guilty parties."
Representative Newlands of Nevada
member of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, said it would be very hard to
convince the American people that the
explosion was an accident. He would
not wish to express an opinion until
further information was received.
Representative Mercer of Nebraskn
said this afternoon:
"If the death of 253 American Bailorr
can, upon investigation, be traced tr
Spanish origin, nothing will satisfy the
American people except war."
Representative Cousins of lowa,
member of the Foreign Affairs Com
mittee, declared that If the Maine had
been wrecked by torpedoes by outside
agency. Investigation was bound to
develop that fact. "The fragment*
could not be destroyed." said he. "T
understand that no high explosive if
allowed to enter the harbor of Havana
GENERAL ALGER
HAS ADVANCED
A NEW THEORY
Perhaps a Spanish Spy Can)e on
Board ir> Disguise and Put
Dynamite in the Ship's
Magazine.
NORFOLK, "VV, Feb. IB.— To-day a representative of The. Call
went to Old Point Comfort and was granted an interview by General
Russell A. Alger, Stcretary of War.
General Alger ha* been seriously troubled for about eight weeks
past with a severe caae of grip, but iB feeling somewhat improved.
He and Mrs. Alger are stopping at the Chamberlin.
General Alger earnestly asked for the latest news of the awful dis
aster to the United States battle-ship Maine, but the meager ac
count in the morning papers had not yet been supplemented by the
later bulletins, which, when they came, shed light on the catastrophe.
Asked as to his idea of how the explosion could have occurred,
General Alger said that it was perfectly inexplicable to him.
The statement that the shock of the explosion shattered windows
in buildings all over Havana h" regarded with undisguised incredul
ity, saying he did not see how an explosion of a battle-ship out in
Havana harbor could have caused such havoc.
To a question, if it were not possible that some one of the ultra-
Spanish element had been concealed on board the Maine and explod
ed a quantity of dynamite or other explosive, or caused an explosion
of the contents of the ship's magazine, he said that such a thing as
the coming aboard of one of the Spanish spies disguised as a United
States sailor was not impossible, and that once aboard he might have
remained concealed for some time.
General Alger also discussed the matter of the explosion, whether
from within or without the ship. He stated that probably no intelligent
opinion could be formed until the divers make an examination of the
ship. The position and fracture of the armor plates and curvatures,
whether flaring outward or depressed inward, will have to be noted.
If the magazine exploded the plates will be pressed outward; if the
destroying force came from without, the reverse would be expected.
except that intended for the Spanish
authorities, so that if it developed that
a torpedo was used, Spain will have to
account for it."
General Joseph Wheeler, the ex-Con
federate cavalry commander, now a
member of the House from Alabama,
sent the following message to the Pres
ident to-day:
"To the Honorable President: In
case of any trouble with Spain, remem
ber that my tender of services is on file
at the War Department.
JOSEPH WHEELER."
Representative Hilborn of California,
who is a member of the Naval Commit
tee, said: "It is improbable that the
explosion occurred from within. The
magazine may have exploded, but if so,
that was probably the result of a first
explosion from the outside. There was
nothing in the magazine to cause an ex
plosion. There was nothing but brow n
powder, of which there were 50,000
pounds, which burns, but will not ex
plode, except under peculiar conditions
which dtd not exist here. It is incap
able of belief that this nowder exploded.
The powder is in metallic cases. If a
man got in the magazine he would
have to tear open the cases and build
a fire to set the powder off."
FORMER DISASTERS
IN VARIOUS NAVIES.
Great Ships of War Are Peculiarly |
Liable to Accidents That Lead
to Their Destruction.
There have been several apparently |
narrow escapes of vessels of the new :
navy from destruction from causes ( ,
■such as have been surmised as leading ;
to the destruction of the Maine. Wet
coal and badly ventilated bunkers have |
*et fire to the coal in several chips with |
more or less serious results. Two years |
igo the Cincinnati's bunkers were dis
covered to be on fire, and in the ad- i
Joining ammunition room separated '
from the bunkers by a thin steel bulk- :
nead the boxes containing live shells !
were already scorched. The prompt i
.looding of the ammunition room saved
the ship. About six months ago the !
Jregon's crew had a fire practice from !
nmilar causes— wet coal and neglected j
)bservation of temperature.
The economy necessary to be prac- :
ilced in allotment of spaces in a mod- :
;rn ship-of-war places elements of
langer which singly are bad enough,
3Ut when combined require but slight
;auses to send the whole fabric to
lestruction. The magazine and shell
ootsa for the main battery, the sec- ;
mdary battery and small arms ammu
lition are necessarily close together: the
itoreroom containing torpedo heads, :
jun cotton and other high explosives
ire in close proximity, and to make
aiatters still more uncomfortable the ,
iynamo room is located above but
juite close to the common center of i
destructive forces. With tempera- !
.ures in the hold as high as 120 degrees
md with coal bunkers red hot from
•oal undergoing spontaneous combus
ion it is a miracle that the adjoining
immunition rooms do not explode their
ontents.
Other navies have experienced serl-
Ml disasters from the cause of bad <
•entilatlon, and ignited coal in bunk
•rs, and fourteen years ago the British j
;!oop-of-war Doterel sank in the j
Uraits of Magellan, drowning most of \
her crew. The catastrophe was due '
9 generated gas in the store room con- j
aining paints, etc., which blew out j
he ship's bow.
A few months ago a lucky discovery j
was made of a bomb in the coal in- j
:ended for use of the monitor Terror. \
The explosion of this bomb in the fur- j
lace of the ship's boilers would have '.
lent the Terror sky high, and she
vould have added one more to the long ,
Ist of mysterious missing ships.
The loss of the Maine and the sacri- i
ice of lives is the most serious one in i
American naval history. The looses \
of ships and lives since the rebellion \
closed foots up to a large sum of money
and great loss of life. The aggregate j
•lumber of deaths from casualties in !
the navy during the rebellion of 1861-C5 ;
was 2272, including 373 'incidental cas- j
aalties and 95 deaths in rebel prisons. 1
Since the close of that war, wrecks,
tidal waves, collisions, etc., have taken
many lives, as follows:
Wateree and Fredonia, destroyed by
a tidal dave on the coast of Chile
August 13, 1868, and 28 lives were lost.
Oneida, sunk by collision January 24,
1870, in Yokohama Bay and 116 lives
were lost.
Saginaw run ashore on Midway Is
lands, in the Pacific, October 29, 1871,
and 4 lives were lost.
Huron, stranded November 24, 1877,
on the coast of North Carolina, and 98
were drowned.
Ashuelot, sunk on Chinese coast in
1883, sacrificing 11 lives.
Trenton and Vandalia, driven ashore
in the harbor of Apia March 16, 1889,
resulting in the death of 51 officers and
men.
Including 20 lives lost in minor acci
dents the total up to the Maine catas
trophe is 328 in all, likely to be now
increased to over 575. This record in
dicates that life on shipboard!- has its
perils in time of peace as well as dur
ing war, and it may further show that
the modern ship-of-war, whatever may
be her merits as a fighting machine, is
also to be dreaded by the people who
man her.
THE BATTLESHIP MAINE.
History of the Vessel Whose Bones
Now Lie at the Bottom or
Havana Harbor.
The ill-fated Maine was built In ac
cordance with an act of Congress of
August 3, 1886. She was an enlarged
copy of the design of the Brazilian
armored cruiser Riachuello, built in
England in 1883, and which has proved
a very superior ship of war. The Maine
was designed by the late Chief Con
structor Theodore D. Wilson, at that
time chief of the Bureau of Construc
tion.
The ship was begun October 17, 1888,
when her keel was laid, at the Brook
lyn Navy-yard. She was launched No
vember 18, 1890, and placed in commis
sion September 17, 1895. The appropri
ated limit of cost, $2,500,000, was only
for hull and machinery, and her total
cost without stores is given at $3,732,
155, including armor and guns. She was
credited with a trial speed of 17.45 knots
on 9293 horsepower, which exceeded the
calculations, but the actual maximum
sea speed was very much less. The
ship was well built and with strong
scantling, and was superior in its con
struction to the Texas, built simul
taneously with the Maine from modi
fled plans of British design.
When the Maine was fitted out for
her first commission the disagreeable
fact developed itself that with her
bunkers full the ship was drawing two
feet four inches more forward than aft,
a condition which is usually reversed
in other ships, and with such a trim
the vessel would be unmanageable.
She also showed a considerable list to
starboard, and this defect, as well as
that of proper trim, necessitated a
shifting of weights, removal of heavy
weights forward and ballast in the
shape of pig iron was put down aft.
These alterations took money and time,
and it was not until December 25, or
more than three months after the nom
inal completion of the ship, that she
was actually ready for service, and
made a trip to Fortress Monroe.
The Maine has been attached to the
North Atlantic station during her
brief existence; her cruising has been
very limited, and her total steaming
record for twenty-two month 3, up to
July last year, is only 9102 miles. Her
time since then has been chiefly spent
at the New York Navy-yard under
going alterations, on which objects
$241,279 were expended, besides $37,000
in repairs.
Uneventful as her career has been,
up to her first and final mishap, the
ship never developed any of the defects
such as other ships of the new navy
are charged with. The surgeons re
ported her as being comfortable for
officers and crew, the interior not being
entirely monopolized by machinery',
and as a consequence the ventilation
was all that could be desired and the
temperature in all parts of the ship
much below that in later ships.SHALL PAY
DEARLY FOR
TREACHERY
Spain's Position if the
Disaster Was Not Due
to Accident.
Call Office, Rlggs House.
Washington, Feb. 16.
I asked a member of the Cab
inet to-night to tell me what would
be the probable or the proper
course for the United States Gov
ernment to pursue If It should be
determined by a competent court of
inquiry that a Spanish subject or sym
pathizer was responsible for the
Maine's destruction. At first he was
disinclined to discuss this phase of the
matter, saying that the President and
his advisers were most sollcitouß for
the welfare and comfort of the wound
ed and suffering and were anxious that
the American people should suspend
judgment until the responsibility for
this terrible disaster was determined
after a thorough Investigation by a
naval court; but finally, after exacting
a promise that his words would be
taken down verbatim, he said:
"Please preface your dispatch with
the statement that President McKinley
1? reluctant to believe that the Spanish
Government had anything to do with
this deplorable affair. Indeed, you may
say that it is his belief that the explo
sion resulted from accident. At any
rate, his chief concern at this time is
for the comfort of the wounded sailors.
"In reply to your question as to the
course of the Government should it
appear that a Spanish subject or a
Spanish sympathizer perpetrated this
dastardly deed, I will say that the Gov
ernment would certainly prefer a claim
for indemnity against Spain. This
claim would be valid, although the deed
might have been committed by an
overzealous or irresponsible Spanish
eubject.
"The cost of the battle-ship Maine
was something over two and a half
millions. The indemnity for loss of a
human life I do not care to calculate.
If it should transpire that a Spaniard
•was the perpetrator of this terrible
outrage five million dollars might be
demanded as indemnity. Remember
now that all of this is based upon the
hypothesis that a Spanish subject or a
Spanish sympathizer was responsible
for the Maine's destruction. And
please emphasize my statement that
President McKinley is inclined to be
lieve that the terrible disaster was the
result of accident rather than design."
"But if it should be demonstrated by
a court of inquiry that a Spanish sub
ject was responsible for the disaster,
what steps might the United States
Government take to enforce its de
mand for indemnity?" asked The Call
correspondent.
"That is a question I decline to dis
cuss." said he.
I then saw a member of the Foreign
Relations Committee of the Senate,
who ppoke more freely, although un
willing to be quoted. He said:
"The tlaim .for indemnity against
Spain could be enforced by taking pos
pocsion of Cuban custom houses, in
case she refused to grant our de
mand."
"Suppose," continued the correspond
ent, "that the naval court should show
that a Spanish subject was responsible
for this deed. Would a mere claim
for indemnity in dollars and cents and
Its payment be considered as satisfac
tory adjustment?"
"You are rather anticipating things, "
said the Senator, "but I will give you
my opinion. I think that if it is shown
that a Spanish subject or a Spanish
sympathizer was the perpetrator of
the dastardly crime the Spanish Gov
ernment would be liable to a heavy
claim for indemnity. But she is a
poverty-stricken nation and five mil
lion dollars indemnity would mean a
good deal to the Spanish Government.
I do not think she could pay it. We
would have to whistle for our money."
"Or else take it out of her hide,"
suggested another Senator.
"But if it is impossible to trace the
responsibility for this occurrence, what
ought Spain to do?" was asked.
"Why, nothing," said the Senator,
"except to send a mere expression of
sympathy to the United States. This
she will undoubtedly do, as her naval
officers in Cuba have already assisted
In caring for the wounded seamen."
"What do you think of the story
printed in the New York Evening Jour- I
nal to the effect that proof is conclu- i
Notice to Our Readers.*
TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW are the last
days in wr;icf} you ti)ay order "Scrib-
ner's hjistory of the United States"
as offered by THE CALL at over 40 per
cent discount frorr) the regular price, in 5
massive volumes, 1600 illustrations. Only
$1.50 on delivery, balance $2.00 roontbly
for 8 months; Y)a\f roorocco, $2.00 down
and $3.00 per roontb for 8 fi)onth)s.
Do not n)iss ttys grand opportunity.
We cannot sell you a set after February
18. Telephone " Davis 861 " and we will
send a set to you. No charge.
Out-of-Town Readers.
Sets sent free of expense. State bind-
ing preferred.
Address "Sao Francisco Call, Scribner's
History Department."
sive that a Spanish spy caused the ex
plosion?"
"I do not think anything of It," said
he. "In fact, Ido not think anything
of any matter that is printed in the
Journal."
AMONG THESE ARE THE MAINE'S DEAD.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 16.— The following is a complete list of officers of the Maine, with their addresses:
Captain Charles D. Slgsbee. Washington. Lieutenant-Commander Richard Wainright, "Washington.
Lieutenant G. P. Holman, California. Lieutenant John Hood, Florence, Alabama.
Lieutenant Carl W. Jungen, New York. Lieutenants (junior grade) G. P. Blow, Lasalle, Ills.; John J. Blandin, Green-
Paymaster C. M. Ray, Washington. wood, Md.; F. W. Jenkins, Allegheny City, Pa.
Past Assistant Engineer, S. C. Bowers, Brooklyn, N. T. : Naval cadets— W. T. Cluverius Jr., Louisiana; Ammen Bronson, Nebraska; D.
Engineer Cadets Pope, Washington, N. C; Arthur Grenshaw, Alabama. F. Boyd Jr., Alabama.
First Lieutenant of Marines Albert W. Catlin, Minnesota. Surgeon L. G. Henneberger, Harrlsonburg, Va.
Chaplain J. D. Chadwick, New York. Chief Engineer C. P. Howell, Goshen, N. Y.
Aest. Engineers J. D. Morris, Oregon, Mo.; D. R. Merritt, Red Oak, la.
Seamen— Adams, John T., Maryland; Aiken, James P., Edlnburg, Scotland; Allen, James W. Portsmouth, Me.; Anderson, John, Liverpool, Eng.; Ander
son, Oskar, Sweden; Anderson, H. A., Christiania, Norway; Anderson, Charles, Norfolk, Va. ; Anderson, Gustav A., Sweden; Anderson, John, Norway; An
derson, Axel C, Copenhagen; Andrews, Frank, Chemung, N. V.; Anderson, Abraham, Norway; Augland, Bernard, Osterwell, Sweden; Auchenbach, H. W.
Sheridan. Pa.; Wawo, Firstanon, Japan; Barry, Lewis L., Halifax, N. S.; Barry, John P., Kerry, Ireland; Baum, Henry S., Cincinnati, O.; Becker, Jacob,
Hessen, Germany; Bell, John E., Alexandria, Va. ; Bergman, Charles, Westervick, Sweden; Blomberg, Fred, Chicago; Bloomer, John H., Portland, Me.; Book
binder, John, Brooklyn, N. V.; Bell, Fritz, Brandenburg, Germany; Boyle, Daniel J., Philadelphia; Bonner, Leon, Malta; Brinkman, Henry, Oldenberg; Bro
feldt, Arthur, Finland; Burns, Adoljjh C, Baltimore. Md.; Bullock, Charles H., Pine Bush. N. V.; Burns, Edward, Boston; Burkhardt, Robert, Germany;
Butler, Frederick F., Harrison, N. J. ; Cahill, Francis, Salem, Mass.; Cain, Thomas, Portsmouth, Va.; Cameron, Walter, Providence; Carr, Herbert M.,
Philadelphia, Pa.; Caulfield, William R. D., Marseilles, France: Changki Suko, Japan; Christiansen, Carl A., Norway; Christiansen, Karl, Sweden, Clerk,
Thomas, Cleveland, O.; Cochran, Michael, Cork, Ireland; Cole, Thomas M., Philadelphia, Pa.; Coleman, William, New York; Coleman, William, Peters
burg, Va.; Conroy, Anthony, Galway, Ireland; Cosgrove, William, Buffalo, N. V.; Cronin, Daniel, New York; Curran, Charles, Ireland; Dahlman, Berger,
Sweden; David, George, Malta; Dennig, Charles, Allentown, Pa.; Donoughey, William, Londonderry, Ireland; Dolan, John, St. Johns, N. F.; Drury, James,
New London, Conn.; Dressier, Gustav J., Germany; Dureckin, Thomas J., Corning, N. V. ; Edler, George, New York; Elerman, Charles F. W., Germany;
Erichson, Andrew V., Sweden; Etts, John P., Rochester, N. V.; Evensen,, Carl, Norway; Fadde, Charles F. J., Elizabeth, N. J.; Falk, Randolph, Konigs
burg, Prussia; Fubel, George D., Brooklyn. N. V.; Fewer, William J., St. Johns, N. F.; Finch, Trubic, Raleigh, N. C; Fisher, Frank, Ann Arbor, Mich.; Fish
er, Alfred J., Newport, Eng.; Flaherty, Michael, Ireland; Fleschman, Lewis, Baltimore; Flynn, Michael, Dublin, Ireland; Foley, Patrick J., Cork, Ireland;
Flynn, Patrick, Waterford, Ireland; Fox, George, Chicago; Fougre, John, Arichat, N. S.; Fountain, Bartley, Quebec, Canada; Franke, Charles, Wllsenhau
sen, Germany; Furlong, James, Logansport, Ind.; Gaffney, Patrick, Kendue, Ireland; Gartrell, William M., Washington; Gardner, Frank, Matawana, N. J.;
Gardner, Thomas J., Brooklyn; German. William H., Philadelphia, Pa.; Gerdon, Joseph 1., Portsmouth, Va_; Graham. James A., Brooklyn, N. V.; Gra
ham, Edward P., Jersey City, N. J.; Grady, Patrick, Ireland; Greer, William A., Green Point, N. V.; Griffin, Michael, Dublin, Ireland; Gross, Henry. New
York; Grupp, Reinhardt, Montpelier, Wis.; Hallberg, Alfred, Hanon, Sweden; Hallburg. John, Guttenburg, Sweden; Hamberger, William, Jersey City, N. J.;
Hamilton, Charles A., Newport, R. I.; Hamilton, John, Canandaigua, N. V.; Ham, Ambrose, Indian Fields, N. V., Hanrahan, William C, Troy, N. V.; Har
ris, Westmore, Charles City, Va.; Harris, Edward, San Francisco; Harris, Millard F., Boston; Harley, Daniel O'Connell, Philadelphia, Pa.; Harty, Thomas
J., Dungarvy, Ireland; Hassell, Charles, Suba, W. I.; Hauck, Charles, Brooklyn, N. V.; Hawkins, H. 8., Bath City, Mich.; Heffron, John, Freemanstown, N.
J.; Henkes, Robert 8., Cincinnati, 0., Herbert, John, Brooklyn, N. V.; Herrlraan, Benjamin H., St. Marys, Md.; Herness, Alfred 8., Tronjahen, Norway;
Holzer, Frederick C, New York; Holm, Gustav, Horton, Norway: Holland, Alfred J., Brooklyn. N. V.; Horn, William J., Whitehall, N. V.; Hough, Wil
liam L., Philadelphia: Hughes, Patrick, Kings, Ireland; Hutchings, Robert, Norfolk, Pa,; Ishida. Otogira, Yokohama, Japan; Johnson, Charles, Frederlk
stadt. Germany; Johnson, John W., Rahway, N. J.; Johnson, Peter, Sweden; Johnson, Alfred, Sweden; Johnson, George, Abingdon. Md.; Johansen, Peter D.,
Denmark; Jones. Thomas J., Brooklyn; Jecetson, Harry, San Francisco; Jencks, Carl, Farm Bridge, Ills.; Jerne, Fred, New Brunswick, N. J.; Just, Charles
F., Charleston. S. C; Kane, Joseph H., Worcester, M;iss.: Kane, Michael, Mansfield Valley, Pa.; Kay, John, Jersey City, N. J.; Kelley, Hugh, Sligo, Ireland;
Kelly, John, Brooklyn, N. V.; Kesskull, Alexander, Germany; Keyes, Harry J., Ellsworth, Ind.; Kiplstrom, Fritz, Sweden; Kinzy, Frederick, New Haven,
Conn.; Klnsella. Thomas F., Brooklyn, N. V.; Kltogata, Yukichi, Japan; Kneise, Frederick H., Troy, N. V.; Koebeler, George W., Brooklyn, N. V.; Kran
yak, Charles, England; Kreus, Hugo, New York; Kushida, Katsusaburo, Japan; Laird, Charles, St. Johns, N. B.; Lambert, William, Hampton, Va.; Lan
ahan, Michael, St. Louis, Mo.; Lancaster, Luther, Frederieksburg, Va.; Lapierre, George, Montreal. Canada; Larsen, Peter. Bergen, Norway; Larsen, Martin,
Denmark; Lawler, Edward, Fall River, Mass.; League, James T., Annapolis, Md.; Lee, William J., Attleboro, Mass.; Leen, Daniel, Anßonia, Conn.; Lees, Sam
uel, New York; Leopold, Gustav, Schleswig, Germany; Lewis, John, Baltimore, Md.; Lewis Daniel, Albermarle. Va. ; Lleber, George, New York; Load, John
8., London, England; Lohman, Charles A., Sweden; Lorengi, Joergen J., Denmark; Louden, James W., New Kent, Va.; Lowell, Clarence E., Bath, Me.;
Lund, William, Finland; Lyden. John T., New York; Lynch, Matthew, Lowell, Mass.; Lynch, Bernard, Brooklyn, N. V.; Mack, Thomas, Brooklyn, N. V.;
Malone, Michael, Limerick, Ireland; Marshall, John EL, Henderson, Ky.; Marsden, Benjamin, Jersey City, N. J.; Martinson, Johan, Sweden; Mason, John H.,
Haverstraw, N. V.; Mattsen, Edward, Sweden; Mattison, William, Canada; Matiasen, Carl, ChriaUania, Norway; Matza, John, Watertown. Wis.; Mellstrup,
Elmer ML, Osage, Mich.; Melville, Thomas, New York; Morse, John, Brooklyn, N. V.; Mero, Eldon li., Augusta, Me.; Miller, William S., New York; Miller,
George, Ghent, Belgium; Mobles, George, Cephalonia, Greece; Moore, Edward H., Charles City, Va.; Montfort, William, Sydney, la.; Morlm, Pierre, Vlouis,
France; Moss, Gerrard C, Bergen, Norway; Moss, John H. Oxford. N. C; Mudd, Noble L., Prince '. ;.orge, Md.; Murphy, Cornelius, Cork, Ireland; McGann,
Harry, Vallejo, Cal.; McGonigle, Hugo. Ireland; McManus, John, J., Davenport, la.; McNair, William, l'ittsburg, Pa.; McNiece, Francis J., Charlestown,
Mass.; Nagamane, T.im.kishi, Japan; Nielsen, Sophus, Denmark; Nikkelsen, Peter, Denmark; Nolan. Charles M., Boston, Mass.; Nobel, William A., Ireland
Ohye, M.. Japan; Ording. Gustav C., Cincinnati, O.; O'Connor, James, Ireland; Ohaggan, Thomas J., New York; O'Nell.iPatrick, Ireland; Oregan, Henry H.,
Boston; Paige, Frederick, Buffalo, N. V.; Palmgren, John, Helsingberg, Sweden; Panck, John H., Lynehburg, Va.; Perry, Robert, Mobile, Ala.; Phillips,
Francis C, Rochester, N. V. ; Pitcher, Charles P., Mt. Pleasant, Mich.; Pinkney, James, Annapolis, Md., Porter, John, Ca van, Ireland; Powers. John, Cork,
Ireland; Price, Daniel, Stonehall, Mass.; Quigley, Thomas J., New York; Quinn, Charles P.. Waltham. Mass.; Rau, Arthur, Germany; Reden, Martin, Turn
gen, Norway; Reilly, Joseph, New York; Riley, John W., Newport, R. I.; Richards, Walter, Philadelphia; Rieger, William A., Newark, N. J.; Rising, New
ell, Jersey City, N. J.; Robinson, W., New Brunswick. N. J.; Roos, Peter, Sweden; Rowe, James, Tottenham, England; Rusch, Frank, Germany; Rush
worth. William, Burnley, England; Safford, Clarence E., Keene, N. H. ; Salmon, Michael, Brooklyn, N. V. ; Schwartz, George, Hanover, Germany; Sugi
saki, Isa, Japan; Schroeder, August, Brooklyn, N. V.; Sutton, Frank, Galveston, Texas; Schott, Charles A., Orange, N. J.; Suzuki, Kashotora, Japan; Scully,
Joseph A., Baltimore, Md.; Tabot. Frank C, Bath, Me.; Seery, Joseph, Kildare, Ireland; Trtackle, Harry, New York; Sellers, Walter, Chambersburg,
Pa.; Tohan, Daniel J., Rochester. N. V.; Shea, Jeremiah, Haverhill. Mass.; Thompson, William Hi, Philadelphia, Pa.; Shea, Patrick J., Kerry, Ireland;
Thompson, George, lonian Islands, Greece; Shea, Thomas, New York; Tigges, Frank 8., Oelde, Germany; Shea, John J., New York; Tinsman, William H.,
Susquehanna, Pa.; Sheridan, Owen, Longford, Ireland; Lodoresco, Constantin, Roumanla; Shillington, J. H., Chicago; Toppin, Daniel G., Washington, D. C;
Simmons, Alfred, Petersburg, Va.; Troy, Thomas, Waterbury, Conn.; Smith, Carl, Hamburg, Germany; Tuhoey, Martin, Clare, Ireland; Smith, Nicholas J.,
Lynehburg, Va.; Turpin, John H., Smithfield, Va.; Stevenson, Nicholas, Norway; Walsh, Joseph F., Boston; Wallace, John. Lowell, Mass.; Warren, John,
Randolph, N. C; Wallace, John, Lowell, Mass.; Waters. Thomas J., Philadelphia; Webber, Martin V., Bar Harbor. Me.; White, Charles 0., Georgetown,
P. E. I.; White, John E., New York; Whiten, George M., Middkburg, Va.; White, Robert Portsmouth, Va.; Wickstrom, John E., Heilsingford, Fin.; Wil
liams, James, St. Thomas. W. I.; Williams, Henry, Elizabeth City, N. C. ; Wilson, Albert, Stockholm, Sweden; Wilson, Robert, Glasgow; Wagner, Fred
erick, Wilkesbarre, Pa.; Willis, Alonzo, Keyport, N. J.; Wilbur, Benjamin R., Philadelphia, Pa.; Wilbur, George W., Redbank, N. J.; Seigler, John H.; N. B.
The detachment of United States marines assigned to the battleship Maine, according to the muster roll of January, comprised:
First Lieutenant A. W. Cattlin, First Sergeant Henry Wagner, Sergeants Michael Meehan and J. W. Brown, Corporals J. R. Burns, Joseph Schoenal, A.
H. Richter and F. G. Thompson, Drummer J. H. Dierking, Firer C. H. Newton, Privates William Anthony, John Bennett, V. H. Botling, George Brosman,
John Coffey, M. C. Downing, C. P. Galplng, C. W. German, C. E. Johnson. W. J. Jordan, E. T. Rean, Frank Kelley, G. M. Lamiette, Paul Loftus, P. A.'
Lesko, Joseph Lutz, John McDermott, William McGuinness, Ed McKay, J. P. Lonshan, T. J. Newman, J. 11. Roberts, H. E. Stock, James Strangman, E. B
Suman, E. B. Fimpany, H. A. Vanhorn, R. V. Warren, R. E. Wils.
CAPTAIN SIGSBEE
CALLED TO APPEAR
HAVANA, Feb. 16.— Captain Sigsbee
has cabled to Washington that it would
be advisable to send no more warships
to Havana, but to send relief boats.
The Mangrove, lighthouse tender, has
arrived and the Laurel is also expected.
Admiral Manterola has summoned
Captain Sigsbee to appear before Mili
; tary Judge Peral and the Marquis En
i senada, and has notified him also that
j Joint committees of American and
I Spanish naval officers will be appointed
; to investigate the cauße of the explo
j sion.
TWO HUNDRED AND
FIFTY-EIGHT DEAD.
KEY WEST CFla.), Feb. 16. — The
United States cruiser New York, with
Admiral Sicard on board, reached San
Key, eight miles out, this evening and
anchored. She was ordered to supply
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1898.
the survivors of the Maine with cloth
ing and necessaries.
Captain Sigsbee's message to Com
mandant Forsythe of the naval station
here, received to-day, reads:
HAVANA, Feb. 18.— Advise sending
American vessel at once. The Maine is
submergfd, except the debris. Mostly
work for divers. Jenkins and Merritt are
still missing and there Is but little hope
for their safety. Those known to have
been saved are the officers and twenty
four uninjured of the crew. Eighteen
wounded men are now on board the Ward
line steamer, in the City Hospital and at
the Mascotte Hotel— fifty-nine, so far as
known. All the others went down on
board or near the Maine. The total loss
or missing is 258. With several exceptions
no officer or man has more than part of
a suit of clothes, and that is wet with
harbor water.
The Ward line steamer leaves for Mex
ico (Vera Cms) at 2 o'clock this after
noon. The officers saved are uninjured.
The damage was in the compartments of
the crew. Am preparing to telegraph list
of saved and wounded.
The authentic figures as given of the
casualties are 104 saved and 251 dead.
It was a sad scene at the dock to
night as the wounded sailors were car
ried to the waiting ambulances by ar
tillerymen and officers and tenderly
place on seats for conveyance to- the
Marine Hospital. The brave fellows
bore their sufferings admirably, and
some limped through the lane of eager
faces with their arms in slings, heads
bound and blood-stained bandages on
legs or trunks.
SACRIFICED THEIR LIVES
TO SAVE THE SHIP.
HAVANA. Feb. 16.— George Cowler,
an accountant of the Maine, Is among
the men seriously wounded. The crew
of the steamer Colon saved two wound
ed men.
The Maine, at the time of the explo
sion, was at anchor about five hundred
yards from the arsenal and some two
hundred yards from the floating dock.
The explosion put out the street lights
near the wharf and blew down tele
graph and telephone wires in the city.
Admiral Manterola and General Solana
put off to the Maine soon after the ex
plosion and offered their services to
Captain Sigsbee.
Vurnel, Burkhardt, William McGuin
ess, J. H. Bronner, Alfred Johnson,
George 80-lsemet and Charles Bagnan
were succored at the San Ambrosio
Military Hospital, and James Roure,
Francis Kehet, Daniel Cronin and
George Robert received attention at
sanitary headquarters.
The first explosion is said to have
been caused by over 600 pounds of gun
cotton, and the subsequent explosion
is alleged to have been caused by shells
and cartridges.
Among the saved on board the City
THE SPANISH CRUISER VISCAYA.
of Washington is a Mr. Dressier (Gus
tave G. Dressier) of the Maine, who
has lost both his eyes. The passen
gers of the City of Washington gave
up their staterooms to the injured
men. An iron truss from the Maine
fell on the pantry of the City of Wash
ington, breaking the tableware of the
steamer.
Lieutenant-Commander Wainwrlght
of the Maine was half dressed at 9:45
p. m. and was smoking in his cabin,
next to that of Captain Sigsbee, it is
said, when the explosion occurred and
put out the electric lights. Wainwright
then lighted a match and went to Cap
tain Sigsbee's cabin. The captain, it
appears, had been thrown from his bed
but was uninjured. They both went on
deck and gave orders to flood 2500
pounds of gun cotton which was on
board. The order was carried out, but
the men who fulfilled it never returned.
Havana, however, was saved from a
still more terrible explosion.
SEAMEN SUSPECT THE
SPANIARDS OF HAVANA.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla.. Feb. 16.— A
special to the Times-Union and Citizen
from Key West, Fla., says: The
steamer Olivette arrived here to-night
with a large number of the wounded
and many other survivors of the Maine
disaster. The officers were, as a rule,
reticent and followed in line with their
chief, Sigsbee, in saying that the cause
of the explosion could only be ascer
tained by divers. But many of the
sailors were outspoken in their declara
tion of belief that the explosion was a
deep-laid plot of the Spaniards. They
are greatly incensed against the
Havana people, who have shown them
small courtesy, who look upon their
presence as a national affront and who
have published anonymous circulars
captioned "Down With Americans!"
They believe that the authors of such
expressed cowardly hatred would not
hesitate in terrible vengeance such as
the blowing up of the Maine.
These sailors, acquainted with the
drills, discipline and ensemble of a
man-of-war, pooh-pooh the idea of an
internal explosion as the last thing to
be thought of.
LIEUTENANT BLANDIN'S
STRANGE EVIL LUCK.
One of the unaccountable Incidents
of the disaster is the fact that Lieu
tenant John I. Blandin was the officer
of the deck when the Maine quivered
under the forces of the mighty power
that shattered her great steel frame to
pieces. He was standing well aft in the
superstructure, when the solid deck
under him sprang upward, throwing
him backward with considerable force
It was not the first time that Lieu
tenant Blandin had felt his ship go
down beneath him. When the great hur
ricane burst over Apia harbor, he— an
ensign then— was deck officer on board
the United States ship Trenton. All
his watch he had walked the deck and
seen the barometer go down, down till
it seemed that the mercury in the
glass would disappear through the
deck. The British steamer Calliope wag
preparing to run for the open sea while
there was yet time, but Admiral Klm
berley, watching the afnchored German
ships, refused to leave the harbor till
the gale swept down and held him In
its grasp. So Blandin walked the deck
watched the glass, while the American
admiral waited.
The storm broke, the Calliope slowly
pulled out to sea. while the Vandalia,
Trenton and Nipsic. with the German
ships they were watching, went on the
reef.
Blandin, washed from the Trenton's
shattered deck, floundered through the
breakers and was heaved ashore, bat
tered and bruised. He recovered from
his injures, and thought of resigning,
believing he had passed through
enough horror for one man's life; but
he remained in the service to catch the
Maine.
SPANISH NEWSPAPERS
REGRET THE DISASTER.
MADRID, Feb. 16.— The United States
Minister, General Woodford, did not re
ceive news of the loss of the Maine
from Washington. His first intimation
of the news came from the Spanish
rear admiral, who called at the United
States legation to express, in behalf of
the Spanish Government, regret of the
disaster which had befallen the Amer
ican warship. The details then reached
General Woodford in the dispatches.
The Imparcial published an extra
edition, saying that the news had pro
duced a deep impression in Madrid
The Premier, Senor Sagasta, personally
informed the Queen Regent of the loss
of the Maine.
The Epoca says: "Whatever the re
lations between Spain and the United
States, Christian feeling and humanity
compels us to regret the catastrophe.
The spectacle of so many lives sudden
ly launched into eternity inspires com
passion."
The Heraldo remarks: "Although the
Americans represent us as a people de
void of virtues we must face this hor
rible misfortune sincerely and express
feelings of compassion."
The Heraldo adds: "In the face of
provocative Americans we shall always
remain proud people; but in the face
of men in misfortune of whatever na
tionality our hearts are always full of
pity." i
TO GREET
A CRUISER
OF SPAIN
New York Preparing a
Reception for the
Vizcaya.
NEW YORK, Feb. 16.— Preparations
are being made for the reception of the
Spanish cruiser Vizcaya, which is daily
expected here. If the Spanish cruiser
Is hovering near these coasts s/ie would
have found it difficult to approach on
account of the off shore gale which was
blowing all day to-day and to-night.
It is thought that she will put into
Bermuda for coal before she comes to
an American port to salute the flag of
the United States and to exchange in
ternational courtesies.
Artuo y Baldasano y Topetr, the
Spanish Consul-General, anticipates
that the appearance of the cruiser in
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OUR BACON!
Those outfitting with us for
Alaska, and it's been a goodly crowd,
have been loud and lavish in their
praise on the quality of bacon we
have . supplied them, and the
methods we use in packing our
9 ii i groceries and provisions. Everything
•• • • is done neatly ; concisely and labeled
J! •• • rightly. You can lay your fingers
•• • i on anything you want, and quickly,
•• • • when we pack for you. We know
•5 • • how to pack.
• • • • ==
• • •'.• There's a lot of good grades of
•• • i evaporated fruits and' vegetables in
•• • i the market, but there's . always a,
++ "+ better best. Ours is that better best.
\ Nothing is too good for our patrons,
and then our prices are way below
others for that better best. Thai's
the reason why the majority are
outfitting with us. We know our
business.
You know foods are the principal thing you want to look to in
going up to the northern country, and we make it a point to give
you only the best. Everything is inspected b'fore packed. A lot
of 'em quote you the best, but there are a great many kinds ; of
"best." We recognize only one best, the best the world produces
— -' > • • • ■ .
•4 44 444444444444 i
4- Steer clear of all those, 4-
4- houses that employ cappers 4-
♦ andsteerers. You' re money 4- //^B\
*" out of pocket if you listen* / / mrmsS&l 1
T^ to the wiles and snares of * /r^jm^^L/
a these cappers, steerers and + / L^METjjfeijK^J
4. commission men that hang + L^^^MmJ^m^l
4- around the hotels. 4- r^OT|^^Ra
4- The money that other* '/^^^^^^RiW4^ - . •
4; houses pay to these people 4- r)}
+ we give direct to you. +
• 4-44-4-44>4-44-4-4-44-4-4» I
MACKINAW 'nJPbI
■ Is made of the best .woolen? '^
that money can buy and
"constructed under our im- -rior. '' jr'^^%
mediate supervision, insur- -a "
ing to you the very best the
world affords.
„ n
"" • ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦.♦♦♦• \
4- ■ -.'.■', ■ ♦ -'■■•■.
4. The way we figure we 4-
Everything : ™Zi" f^Z^iZ * We're -
' ' behind that all the in- .^t ■•- •
YOU 11 4- trinsic worth and value + COlUplctS
4, of everything we handle, + *
MapH f ♦ and then our sterling rep v- 4- (\uii\Uarc f
11CCU i 4 tation for honest and up- ♦ vUUUICii i
> right dealings. ♦ ..
• 4-4-4 +4-4-4-4-4-4- + 4444©
3-11-13-15 KEARiNY ST.
: / TWO ENTIRE BUILDINGS-EIGHT FLOOR?
this harbor will be the beginning of
many pleasant social functions and of
ficial visits.
Down at Sandy Hook observers were
watching intently for the vessel with
turrets and fighting masts. News of her
arrival there will be immediately tele
graphed from the observatory. This
will give the forts at the mouth of the
harbor a chance to prepare their greet
ing. The stranger will steam slowly
through the Narrows and will salute
the flag of the United States with
twenty-one guns. The forts will ac
knowledge the greeting and the cruiser
will probably proceed to an anchorage
in North River.
34
SIGSBEE
FEARFUL OF
TREACHERY.
Did Not Want to Load Coal
in the Harbor of
Havana.
His Dread Was That Son)e Deroon
Would Put a SticK of
Dynan)ite in the Ship's
Bunkers.
WASHINGTON, Feb.
16. — "I don't want to be
obliged to take coal
aboard from Havana. It would
be a risky experiment. Not
that I suspect any one in au
thority, but there is such an ir
responsible rabble in Havana
and it would be an easy mat
ter to get a couple of sticks of
dynamite in the coal bunkers
without knowing it."
These were the words of Captain
Sigsbee as we stood on the bridge of
the Maine just a week ago to-day. He
was particularly careful to explain in his
conversation with me that an accident
of any kind, no matter how caused,
might be attributed to Spanish intrigue
and might serve to widen still more the
breach between the two countries.
The position of the commander of the
Maine at Havana was a particularly
delicate one. It was necessary to as
sume a free-handed politeness with the
Spanish authorities and officers, who, in
turn, were careful not to respond with
more warmth than official etiquette re
quired. On the other hand, leading
Cubans were anxious to show the
Maine's officers social attentions, but
were prevented by the frowns of the
Spanish official classes. On several oc
casions well known Cubans of conspicu
ous social and commercial positions de
clined invitations to dinner when they
learned that either Captain Sigsbee or
General Lee was to be among the
guests. Officers who made official calls
on the Maine were usually greatly at
tracted by some object on the other
side of the street when Captain Sigsbee
or his officers were met strolling about
the city. Several young Spanish girls
with American connections about a
fortnight ago asked if they might invite
some friends in the army and navy to
visit the Maine. Captain Sigsbee was
only too glad to have the ice broken,
and not only extended a general invi
tation, but made extensive preparations
for his guests. On the evening before
the day set for the visit the leading
military club in Havana was se
riously debating the propriety of the
visit, and it was decided that it would be
injudicious, to use a mild term. On the
next day the young ladies visited the
ship quite alone, excepting for their
chaperons.
While Captain Sigsbee constantly
maintained that under no circumstances
would he abridge shore liberty, he always
went in citizen's clothing except when
making official calls. He argued that as
the two countries were at peace he
should be allowed to go anywhere the
captain of any other naval vessel in the
harbor could go.
The silly incident the autonomists at
tempted to make out of his failure to
call upon them when he was in the
Palace on his first official visit to the
Captain-General was another illustra
tration of the unpleasant position in
which he found himself.
Aside from these trifling affairs noth
ing occurred during the entire stay of
the Maine that would in the slightest
indicate any lack of cordiality between
the Governments.
It has been a day of Intense excite
ment at the Navy Department and in
all departments of public life.
The appalling nature of the disaster
and the gravity of the situation that
would arise should investigation give a
basis for the undercurrent of suspicion
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Why is "Pears' Soap — the
best in the world, the soap
with no .free alkali in it —
sold -for 15 cents a cake ?
It was made for a hos-
pital soap in the first
place, made, by request,
the doctors wanted a soap
that would wash as sharp
as any and do no harm
to the skin. That means
a soap all soap, with no
free alkali in it, nothing
but soap ; there is nothing
mysterious in it. Cost de-
pends on quantity ; quan-
tity comes of quality.
All sortsof stores sell it, especially druggists;
all sorts of people use it, especially those that
know what's what.
of treachery and foul play that ran
through all minds had a sobering effect
upon public men of all shades of politi
cal opinion. The fact stands forth, and
is little less than remarkable, that not a
single resolution was introduced or a
single speech made in either House of
Congress, save one of condolence with
the families of the killed, offered by
Mr. Boutelle and adopted by the
House. Public men expressed their
opinions with reserve when approached,
but everywhere there was a demand for
an investigation and full details in the
light of which the horror may be justly
viewed. Secretary Long undoubtedly
summarized the general opinion of the
majority of the naval experts in finding
it impossible just now to state the cause
of the destruction of the Maine. There
are a great number of theories, but
most of them are of a character that
makes it easy to prove or upset them
by a single investigation by a diver.
Secretary Long has taken immediate
steps to make an investigation. Late
this afternoon he telegraphed to Ad
miral Sicard at Key West to appoint a
board of naval officers to proceed at
once to Havana, employ divers and
generally to make such inquiries as the
regulations of the Navy Department de
mand shall be made in the case of a loss
of a ship. It is expected that this work
will take some time, and while there
are officers who say that in their
opinion it will not be possible, owing to
the probable disrupted condition of the
hull of the ship, to make out the cause
of the explosion, the opinion of the
majority is that the question will be
easily settled by a simple observation of
the condition of the ship's hull plates in
the neighborhood of the hole which sunk
her, whether or not they are bulged out,
as would be the case if the explosion
came from the inside, or whether they
are driven in, as would result from the
attack of a torpedo or the explosion of
a mine beneath the ship.
The majority of naval officers are
inclined to the belief that the explo
sion resulted from spontaneous com
bustion of a coal bunker, the over
heating of the iron partitions between
the boilers and the magazine or from
the explosion of a boiler, though the
last theory finds little support. The
list of the survivors that came to the
Navy Department this afternoon in
answer to a telegram was inaccurate
and made out the loss of life eight
more than the summary originally
given by Captain Sigsbee in the earlier
telegram, so Secretary Long telegraph
ed for a corrected list and also one
that should show who were and who
were not wounded of the survivors.
It was found necessary to do this
owing to the great number of pitiful
appeals for information as to the
safety of unfortunates on the Maine
that came from all parts of the coun-
try.
The naval constructors, in the light
of the dispatches thus far received,
say It is by no means certain that the
Maine cannot be raised and again
carry the flag. They say that while
she is a big ship, others as large have
been raised, and at Havana the new
floating drydock would receive her if
she could be at once got above water.
Captain Sigsbee evidently is taking
an interest in the future of the ship, for
he sent a telegram to Commander
Forsythe at Key West that was
promptly transmitted to Secretary
Long suggesting that a lighthouse ves
sel or some such small craft be sta
tioned In Havana harbor to watch over
the wreck. The latter, even if beyond
resurrection, contains valuable ord
nance and other property that doubt
less can be secured by divers.
It is said at the Navy Department
that this disaster is the greatest of the
kind in naval history since the sinking
of the big British warship Victoria,
by collision with the Camperdown, in
the Mediterranean, off Malta, in June,
1893. By that accident the British ad
miral commanding, twenty-two officers
and 336 men lost their lives.
The Spanish legation was early ad
vised of the horror by Captain-General
Blanco, who expressed his profound re
gret and added that the occurrence
was a chance accident, the undoubted
cause being an explosion of the boiler
of the dynamo. This was the only
specific cause assigned from an official
source during the day.
M. Dubosie, the Spanish Charge
d'Affaires, called at the State Depart
ment to express his profound regret,
and the entire Spanish staff left their
cards at the Navy Department as a
mark of personal condolence. At all
the foreign establishments there was
the deepest interest and solicitude over
the affair, and during the day Embas
sador Cambon of France. Sir Julian
Pauncefote of the British Embassy and
other foreign representatives called on
the President or at the State Depart
ment to express their regrets.
The disaster is remarkable in that
only two officers lost their lives, and
these were of the junior grades. They
were Lieutenant Friend W. Jenkins
and Assistant Engineer Darwin R.
MerritU The former was unmarried,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1898.
BATTLE-SHIP STRENGTH OF THE NAVIES.
but leaves a mother and a sister. The
latter, it is thought, also was unmar
ried, but the department was not ad
vised concerning his family.
The President and several of his
Cabinet associates held an extended
conference about noon. It was not a
Cabinet meeting, as no notices had
been sent out, and only Secretary of
the Navy Long, Secretary Gage, Attor
ney-General Griggs, Postmaster-Gen
eral Gary and former Attorney-Gen
eral McKenna were present. The dis
aster to the Maine was the only topic
considered. It was determined to
abandon the reception at the White
House to-night and also the reception
to the general public to-morrow night.
At about 12 o'clock the Cabinet offi
cers came from the President's office.
One of them stated that the President
had given directions that all official
information relating to the disaster
should be given to the public. He added
that a private dispatch to Secretary
Long signed Rea stated that the loss
was over 270, but this was not official
and Mr. Long considered the estimate
too high. This was before Captain
Sigsbee's dispatch placing the lost and
missing at 237 was at hand. The Cab
inet officer said there were many evi
dences that the disaster was the result
of an accident. Up to the present
time, he said, no orders for sending an
other American ship to Havana had
been issued. Consul-General Lee had
cabled that the Spanish authorities had
expressed to him their profound regret
at the occurrence. Another Cabinet
official said one of the dispatches
stated that Captain Sigsbee was the
last to leave the ship.
The Maine horror formed the prinri
pal topic of consideration by the Sen
ate Committee on Foreign Affairs at its
meeting to-day. The opinions gener
ally expressed by members of the com
mittee in this informal conference were
to the effect that the occurrence may
result in grave complications unless
Spain can make it very plain that no
Spaniard was in any way responsible
for it.
A prominent member of the commit
tee said after the meeting that Spain
would be expected to make an expla
nation that would entirely clear up the
mystery, and that if she did not this
country would have a right to demand
such explanation. Most of the mem
bers of the committee refused after the
conference to express any opinion con
cerning the occurrence.
"It is too serious to talk about at
present," said Senator Lodge.
Senator Cullom said: "I cannot see
how the explosion could have been the
result of an accident, and I think the
time is rapidly approaching when this
country must do something."
Senator Clark only said. "It Is sin
gular that such an accident should
happen at such an inopportune time."
CONSUL LEE ASKS FOR
A COURT OF INQUIRY.
Wants a Naval Tribunal to Investi-
gate the Cause of the
Disaster.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 16.— This cable
gram was received by the State De
partment from Consul General Lee at
9:16 to-night:
HAVANA, Feb. 16.— Profound sorrow
expressed by Government and municipal
authorities, consuls of foreign nations,
organized bodies of all sorts and citizens
generally. Flags at half-mast on Gov
ernor-General's palace, on shipping in
harbor and in city. Business suspended,
theaters closed.
Dead number about 260. Officers' quar
ters being in rear and seamen's forward,
where explosion took place, accounts for
greater proportional loss of sailors. Fu
neral to-morrow at 3 p. m.
Officers Merrltt and Jenkins still miss
ing.
Suppose you ask that naval court of in
quiry be held to ascertain cause of ex
plosion.
Hope our people will repress excitement
and calmly await decision. LEE.
The Navy Department to-night re
ceived the following:
HAVANA, Feb. 16.— Every one, except
nine officers, nine privates, one gunner s
mate and twenty-five seriously wounded,
removed to Key West by Olivette.
SIGSBEE.
The President has ordered that to
morrow and until further notice the
flag at all navy-yards and on naval
vessels, at posts, army headquarters
and on all public buildings shall be
half-masted.
Late to-night the following dispatch
from Captain Sigsbee at Havana, ad
dressed to Secretary Long, was re
ceived :
All men whose names ha'O-e not been
sent as saved probably are lost. Have
given up Jenkins and Merritt as lost.
Bodies are still floating ashore tnls after
noon. I keep nine officers, one private
and Gunner's Mate Bullock here with me.
A dispatch from Captain Philip of the
Texas, now at Galveston, states that
the drafts of twenty-one apprentices
which they carried from New York for
the Maine are still on board the Texas.
PITTSBURG. Feb. 16.— Lieutenant
Jenkins, one of the officers of the
Maine reported missing, is a Pittsbur
ger. He graduated from the Allegheny
high school when 13 years of age and
four years later was appointed to An
napolis by the late Congressman
Bayne. He was 32 years old. His rela
tives are still living here.
SHIPS IN COMMISSION FOR IMMEDIATE SERVICE.
UNITED STATES.
Displace
ment.
' - .I'--- . ' • • Tons.
First-class battleships: _-..- : .
Massachusetts 10,288
Indiana .... .....; 10.258
Oregon .....\...; 10,288
lowa ...... 11,410
Second-class battleships:
Texas .. 6.300
•Maine . 6,682
Seagoing coast defenders:
Monterey 4,084
Puritan 6,060
Amphitrite 4,000
Miantonomoh 4.000
Monadnock '. '.. 4,000
Terror .. 4,000
Armored, cruisers:
Brooklyn _ 9,271
New, York 8,200
Protected cruisers:
Minneapolis 7,375
Columbia .' 7,375
Olympia 5,870
Baltimore 4,413
Chicago ..' 4,500
Newark 4,100
San Francisco 4.100
Charleston 3,730
Cincinnati 3,200
Raleigh _ 3,200
Partially protected cruisers:
Boston _ 3,000
Atlanta ..; 3,000
Marblehead 2.059
Montgomery 2] 039
Gunboats partially protected:
Bennington ... 1,710
Concord 1,710
Yorktown ".....; .'..'.. 1 710
Marinas i; 177
Castine . " 1177
Petrel •• .... '.'.'. ' 890
Bancroft .. «....^^. siO
Torpedo gun vessel: "
Vesuvius -.:. .» ....„■ 923
Torpedo boats— First- class: ' . ' •'
Ericsson .."..•..•......„... .■;.:..... 120 i
Cushtng . 105 !
Torpedo boats— Second-class:
One 33 I
Two '.'.'.'.'.'.7. M
Two -.mm .. 12 1
• Destroyed.
EVIDENCE THAT IT WAS
A SUBMARINE MINE.
Ingenious Theory Advanced by a
Naval Expert at Cramps' Ship
yard.
CHICAGO, Feb. 16.— A Philadelphia
special to the Tribune says: A naval
expert at Cramps' yards, whose knowl
edge of warships of all nations makes
him an authority, said:
"It's mighty hard to reconcile the
stories of an accidental explosion on the
Maine and its subsequent queer effects.
Now, first of all, if the explosion had
occurred entirely in the ship and its
whole cargo of ammunition had gone
off, I fail to see how the lights of Hav
ana would have been extinguished.
Water does not carry a shock just that
way, but the ground under the water
does, and it looks more and more to
me like a submarine mine.
"Really, I don't believe for an Instant
that the explosion originated on board
the Maine, and much less in the bow
section, devoted to the storage of tor
pedo ammunition. ■ Let me tell you
something about-torpedoes: They are
filled with gun cotton. Gun cotton is
a very powerful explosive. The rules
of the United States navy compel all
gun cotton to be kept wet, or at least
moist enough to be in a non-sensitive
state, and as I know Captain Sigsbee
well — know his regard for order and
his high regard for duty— l know that
the Maine gun cotton was wet.
"Now, if we accept the theory that
spontaneous combustion occurred in
the coal bunkers adjoining the torpedo
magazine, we must consider that this
combustion had been going on long
enough unnoticed to produce heat in
the magazine sufficient to dry gun-cot
ton to the sensitive point. The explo
sive point is somewhat about the point
required to generate steam — 212 degrees
to 220 degrees. To produce this degree
of heat and transmit it through the
SPAIN.
Displace
ment.
Tons.
First-class battleships:
Pelayo ....' . 9,100
Second-class battleships:
Numancla 7,000
vitoria... I!!.!."i!!!!l!!!!!I*!!Il 7,00u .
Seagoing coast defenderr • M\''J' y J r^'
■ Nona. ■ *"■ v-^v -^ V
Armored cruisers:
Imperador Carlos V... , - 9,100
Almairante Oquendo , 6,900
Vizcaya ;..... . 6,890
Infanta Maria Tere5a. ...................... . 6,SiX>
-.. . . .. . ,■-:■■'■■ .'
Protected cruisers:
Alfonso XIII '5,000
Lepanto 6,000
I
Partially protected cruisers:
Alfonso XII 8,090
Reina Cristlna 3,090
Relna Mercedes 3,030
Casttlla 3.342
Navarra ' 3,342
Aragon .-. 3,342
Gunboats partially protected:
Conde de Venadito ......^ 1,152
Infanta Isabel '...... 1,152
.
■ Torpedo gun vessels; . ' .'
One .........•........'........'..'........:.-...■...* 747-
Seven .......*....>.. * 570-
One ....._ r _;...".t."... .: 45S
Torpedo boats — First-class:
Two ........;;. 108
Thirteen 57 to 97
Torpedo boats— Second-class:
One ...~i....~. 33
One 25
One 23
bulkhead would require several hours
of smoldering fire due to spontaneous
combustion in the coal bunker.
"In any well-managed — and the
Maine was well-managed — the condi
tions of all coal bunkers is ascertained
as often as every other watch, or once
in eight hours. These conditions indi
cate that the margin of probability of
an explosion from the causes mentioned
would be reduced to the minimum.
"To sum up, it may be said that an
internal explosion is in the highest de
gree improbable. It may be barely pos
sible, but all the logic of conditions in
volved is against that theory. There
fore, whatever may be ascertained by
the examination by divers or by other
means of j investigation, there must al
ways remain solid ground for the sus
picion that the loss of the Maine and
the killing of a considerable part of her
crew was due to treachery."
f-'s • ■ ■
WEYLER HAD PLANTED
TORPEDOES IN THE HARBOR
JACKSONVILLE, Fla.. Feb. 16.—
Some leading members of the Cuban
Junta here and at Tampa say privately
that in their opinion an investigation
will show treachery in the Maine dis
aster.
"You will recall that some time ago,"
said one influential member to-night
to me, "Just before Weyler's recall
there was talk of an American man-of
war being sent to Havana. "We had
reliable information that Weyler se
cretly had torpedoes planted in the
harbor, and it was known that if a
warship went in an accident might
occur. These same torpedoes are there
now and doubtless in good working or
der.
"We have started an Investigation of
our own and the entire truth will be
known in a short time. It is for the
interests of the Spaniards to at once
deny any hand in this accident, but I
know more than I can reveal at pres
ent. We who know of Spanish charac
ter gauge their denials accordingly."
A fij 0F HAVANA.
NOW ONLY
WAITING
TO KNOW
Upon tl}e Result of Investi
gation Will Depend t\)e
Fate of Cuba.
If the Maine Was Blown Up by
Desigo Not Even the President
Car) Repress Americar)
IndignatioQ.
NEW YORK, Feb. 16.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Residents of Washington, official and
otherwise, have accepted the sober
words of wisdom contained in
the message of Captain Sigsbee
announcing the terrible calamity
which befell the battle - ship
Maine in Havana Harbor last night.
Opinions differ as to the cause of the
disaster, but controlling minds of all
branches of the Federal Government
counsel prudence and patience while
waiting for a thorough investigation,
which will definitely determine the di
rect cause of the blowing up of the
battle-ship and the loss of 253 lives.
While the first impulse of the Federal
authorities has been to give proper and
tender care to the dead and wounded,
the cause of the disaster upon which
so much may depend as to the future
of Cuba and our relations with Spain,
is also uppermost in their minds, and
prompt measures have been taken to
make an investigation, which will leave
no room for doubt as to the primary
cause of the destruction of one of our
efficient battle-ships and the loss of so
many of our nation's defenders.
Whether by accident or design, the cal
amity in Havana Harbor will have an
important bearing on the Cuban ques
tion, the extent of which time alone will
show. It is felt that if the explosion
was accidental, the sooner it is known
the better it will be for the friendly re
lations between the United States and
Spain. If it was not accidental, the
sooner the responsibility is fixed the
better.
Among Federal officials and experts
in the navy, the weight of opinion,
based upon official advices and press
dispatches, is that an internal explo
sion, the exact cause of which it may
be difficult to ascertain, was respon
sible for the destruction of the Maine.
I can state authoritatively that the
President and all his advisers not only
prefer to think that the calamity was
due to some mysterious unavoidable
accident, but they actually believe
such to be the case.
Secretary Long, in discussing with
me the Maine disaster, said: "Captain
Sigsbee has made no report yet as to
the cause of the terrible catastrophe
which has befallen his ship, but it is
suggested that public opinion be sus
pended until his report is submitted,
which is very reasonable, as there are
indications that the occurrence may
have been the result of an accident. I
should say that as far as indications
go, the disaster was due to the explo
sion of the contents of the forward
magazines."
Secretary Long announced that there
was no present intention to send a
warship to Havana to replace the
Maine. This is matter of future deci
sion.
Another official of the department
with whom I talked suggested that
Spain would regard it in the light of an
unfriendly act if this Government were
to send a battle-ship to Havana to re
place the lost one.
"Besides," he suggested, "we have no
other vessel that we desire to lose."
Theories as to the explosion which
sent the Maine to the bottom were ban
died about to-day at the Navy Depart
ment as thick as snowflakes in a driv
ing winter storm. In no quarter did I
hear it suggested that the Spanish
Government was in any way respon
sible. It seemed to be the general con
sensus of opinion among naval officers
noted for their conservative views that
the calamity resulted from an explo
sion in the interior of the ship. All the
officers admit, however, that their
theories may be without foundation.
With a view to determining whether
the accident was the result of a torpedo
placed under the bows of the Maine or
the result of an interior explosion. Sec
retary Long telegraphed this after
noon to Rear-Admiral Sicard, com
mander-in-chief of the North Atlantic
squadron, who is at Dry Tortugas, di
rectlng him to perfect arrangements for
the appointment of a court of inquiry.
This court will proceed to Havana in
the Montgomery and investigate the
calamity. Rear-Admiral Sicard Is
expected to go to Key West, in com
pliance with orders of the department,
and commence to obey the depart
ment's orders in appointment of a court
probably to-morrow. When this in
formation has been received the de
partment will send instructions to tha
court as to the course to be pursued.
Divers will be sent down to examine
the hull of the Maine, to ascertain if
her bottom was driven in or out by the
force of the explosion. If the former,
then a torpedo placed under the "bow
of the Maine will probably be held re
sponsible for her fate; if the latter, aa
explosion inside of the ship will be re
garded as the cause. Until complete
reports of Captain Sigsbee and of the
court of inquiry have reached the de
partment there is no likelihood that
any representations will be made to
Spain.
During the court's investigation
the department will concern itself as to
measures to be taken to recover as
much as possible of the Maine's arma
ment. If the vessel can be repaired,
which is greatly doubted, then the
wrecking vessel which Captain Sigsbee
has asked will probably aid him to save
her.
What will be the result in case it is
demonstrated that the vessel was de
stroyed by a torpedo leading men in
Congress, members of committees
having to deal with foreign affairs of
the Government hesitate to discuss.
Although evidence seems to indicate
that the loss of the vessel was due to
an accident, even If she was torpedoed,
it does not follow that the Government
of Spain was in any way responsible
for the act, and conservative men who
make up the administration and those
who control the action of at least one
branch of Congress — the House of
Representatives— will not act hastily
or without full knowledge of the facts.
Vesuvius Goes to Key West.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Feb. 16.— The f
dynamite cruiser Vesuvius left here to
night for Key West, there to await fur
ther instructions.
Wills Filed For Probate.
The will of Plaisance J. Chafoin, who
died on the 6th inst., was filed for pro
bate yesterday. The testator's entire es
tate, which is valued at $5500, is be
queathed to a sister, Florentine Saurey.
The will of Dr. Edward Lord Strain,
who died on the 2d inst-., was filed yes
terday. He left property valued at $2100
to his mother, Elizabeth Rogers, who re
sides at Columbus Grove, Ohio.
Get Manhood
Get Manhood
Get Manhood
in a I Get Manhood
| week I Get Manhood
Get Manhood
Get Manhood
IF I TV AS TO COME TO YOU AND
■ tell you that you could get well in a
week, and back this up with the cures
effected under my care.
If I was to come to you and tell you
that your manhood could be restored,
what would you say? fihow me your
proofs Now, you can have these proofs.
The doctors of the Hudson Medical In
stltute have made a wonderful discovery.
After years of continued practice and
study; after years of making men out of
poor unfortunates, they have created the
Hudyan cure up to date. Hudyan 'cures
chronic constipation, dizziness, falling
sensations, nervous twitchings of the
eyes and other parts, strengthens, Invig-
orates and tones the system. Gives new
life, Hudyan cures prematurity. Hudyan
cures evil dreams, pains in the back,
pains in the side, failing manhood, sper-
matorrhoea, nervous debility, neurasthe-
nia and nervous disorders. Call or write
for free
Circulars and Testimonials.
Hudson Medical Institute.
BLOOD POISON— Cure by the 30-day
BLOOD POlSON— cure first, second or
BLOOD POlSON —tertiary forms of
BLOOD POl6ON— Blood Poison.
Circulars 30-Day Cure Free.
Hudson Medical Institute.
AT OFFICE— Consultation. private
AT OFFICE— diagnosis, first remedy
AT OFFlCE— treatment, first blood
FREE — —treatment, catarrhal ex-
FREE— —amination, private exam- -
FREE- —lnation. free talk.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Junction Stockton, Market ud Ellis Street*OPINIONS OF LEADING NAVAL EXPERTS
THE SHIP AT
HER ANCHORAGE
Close to Her Was the
Spanish Cruiser
Alfonso XII.
Commander Dickins Chary of
Giving Out an Expression
of Opinion.
Divers Must Examine the Wreck and.
a Board of Inquiry Must Be
Held.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 16.— "We have
no definite Information as to the num
ber of war vessels in Havana harbor
last night." said Commander Dickins of
the navy to-day. "Of course, there
•were the usual number of merchant
men, but they were somewhat remote
from the man-of-war anchorage. "We
are under the impression that the Ger
man and French war vessels had left
the harbor as reported in the press dis
patches. If this was the case (and we
believe it to be correct), the only other
war vessel near the Maine was the
Spanish man-of-war Alfonso- XII.
"She probably lay near the Maine, a
little further inside the harbor, for re
ports we received some time ago said
that the Alfonso had saluted the Maine
as she passed Into the harbor. The ves
sels were, of course, some distance
apart, for the harbor regulations pre-
Foribe a certain distance, so that other
vessels may have easy ingress and
<*gTess, but as far as we know, in the
absence of fuller advices, the Alfonso
was the only war vessel near the Maine
at the time of the explosion. You must
n>->t infer from my statement, that we
suspect the Spanish vessel.
"It will be impossible to determine
the cause of the explosion until an ex
amination has been made by divers.
T h° people are naturally excitable, and
because the Maine was in Spanish wa
ins, they suspect some Spanish devil
»ry. It goes without saying that Presi
dent McKinley and his Cabinet sincerely
hope that the court of Inquiry, soon to
bo held, will establish the fact that the
explosion was due to- an accident."
Where will the court be held?"
'That is not fully determined, but it
will probably be In Key "West or in
Havana. It may be considered advisa
h!p to hold it In Havana, so that the
members of the court will hare greater
facility in making a thorough investi
gation at the port where the Maine
nnw- lies. Our understanding: is that
the vessel Is entirely submerged. She
drew twenty-two feet and sank In
thirty-six feet of •water.**
"What is your own opinion of the
cause of the explosion?**
"You can guess as well as I can. and
one guess is as good as another. Noth
ing •will be known until a thorough In
vestigation is made,"
"Do you think that the explosion
could have resulted from spontaneous
combustion?"
"Possibly. "While the magazines con
tained brown powder chiefly, which is
incapable of combustion, there was
Fom« gun cotton aboard. This was
kept wet constantly, for the very pur
pose of preventing combustion."
' What do you think of the theory
that the powder was Ignited from com
bustion in the coal bunkers?"
"That is possible also, for the coal
bunkers surrounded the magazine. A
fire started on the New York from this
cause and a British man-of-war was
blown up at Punta Arena In the Straits
of Magellan from combustion in the
coal bunkers. A fire was started in the
United States ship Atlanta from the
combustion of fresh paint. It is idle
to speculate about the cause of the
Maine's explosion until a thorough ex
amination is made by divers and the
result of the court of Inquiry is made
known."
"Do you think It possible that any
part of the Maine's machinery or equip
ment can be saved?"
"I think it very probable At least
we are going to save all we can and
have already made arrangements- for a
wrecking vessel."
Chief Naval Constructor Hichborn
said: "It seems difficult to account for
the disaster except upon the theory of
outside contact. The Maine was lying
quietly at anchor, under perfect dis
cipline and double watch. She has
been in commission several years and
little or no trouble was ever experi
enced with any of her appliances. The
constant surveillance under which all
her compartments and quarters are
kept would seem to preclude the possi
bility of trouble from the inside.
Bear-Admiral Erben's View.
XEW YORK. Feb. 16.— Rear -Admiral
Erben. U. S. N., retired, said to-day
that he was inclined to believe that the
Maine was blown up by her own maga
zine. Such things had happened be
fore. Captain A. T. Mahan said that
in the absence of authentic information
he was unwilling to discuss the matter
in any light.
WE MUST KEEP COOL.
NEW YORK, Feb. 16.— General Daniel E. Sickles, former United
States Minister to Spain, in his residence gave his opinion
in regard to the disaster to the Maine: "Assuming that the ex
plosion occurred at the bow of the ship, I should say that the natural
inference is that it was due to outside contact. There is usually no
magazine in that part of a war ship, it being devoted to quarters for
ship's crew or for storage purposes. To my mind spontaneous com
bustion did not cause the explosion. That would not have been suffi
cient to have produced the damage.
"I can scarcely believe that it was due to a magazine explosion, for
all magazines are carefully watched and no person is allowed to enter
them without authority from an officer. Now almost every officer has
been saved and it can be ascertained very easily whether any person
had been in the magazines. This disaster, coming after the De Lome
incident, while feelings are aroused, and happening at about 10 o'clock
at night, when most of the men on the Maine were in bed, certainly
gives rise to a natural suspicion, but Judgment must be withheld until
the facts are all learned. We should keep cool."
CONJECTURES OF
NATAL OFFICERS
Various Theories to Ac
count for the Maine
Disaster.
Rear -Admiral Kirkland Not
Yet Ready to Hazard an
Opinion.
Say* the Cause of th« Catastrophe
Will Be Known When Divers
Examine the Hull.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
VALLEJO. Feb. 16.— Admiral Kirk
land, Captain Glass, Captain Kempff
and all officers at the navy-yard have
expressed their utmost regret for the
terrible misfortune that has befallen
the officers and crew of the Maine.
They are at a loss to find a reasonable
solution for the accident that has be
fallen one of the finest warships in the
navy. No dispatch of any kind reach
ed the navy-yard to-day from head
quarters at Washington.
"I cannot express an opinion as to
the cause of the disaster until I know
something more definite," said Admiral
Beardslee. "The truth of the matter
will probably not be ascertained until
the divers get at work. Then it will be
easy to determine whether or not the
explosion occurred on board. If the
ship's plates in the main hull are
blown out it follows that the explosion
occurred on board; but should the
plates be bent inward, then it must
have come from the outside."
Captain Henry Glass said: "While of
course I can only conjecture the cause
of the disaster, it may have been
caused by spontaneous combustion in
the coal bunkers adjacent to the maga
zine. These warships use bituminous
coal, which is very dangerous. A leak
from the fireroom might have occasion
ed the explosion. Just such an accident
was narrowly averted on board the
cruiser Cincinnati in the harbor of Key
West two years ago. A fire broke out
in the coal bunkers from spontaneous
combustion, and the steel bulkhead be
tween the bunkers and the magazine
became red hot before it was discover
ed. Fortunately there was not enough
air to admit of a free blaze, and when
a thin stream of smoke was seen issu
ing from the magazine head the fire
was detected and both magazine and
bunkers were promptly flooded. When
the ammunition was removed from the
magazine the heads of many of the
shells were found to have been charred,
and it was a miracle that the ship was
not blown to pieces."
Naval Constructor William Baxter,
upon learning that nothing defi
nite was known as to the cause of
the disaster, declined to express a de
cided opinion. He said, however:
"The loss of the Maine leaves the At
lantic ooast only three battle-ships,
and in the event of war being declared
with Spain I suppose the Philadelphia.
Charleston and Yorktown, now lying
at the navy-yard here, would be order
ed to the Atlantic as there is no Span
ish cruiser on this coast, and all action
would be confined to the Eastern
When asked as to whether or not the
United States was in a condition to en
ter upon such a war, he said:
"That is a very serious question. In
the first place, there is a shortage of
powder, and the manufacture of such
powder as is used in the big guns of
our modern navy is a difficult under
taking, for after a quantity of powder
has been made it sometimes happens
that it will not stand the required tes-t
and has to be destroyed. Still as our
fleet is very small, comparatively
speaking, the "mills could supply enough
for our ships by doubling their ca
pacity for a few months."
Naval Constructor Baxter said it was
a very Berious blow to this country,
whether the loss of the ship was
through accident or otherwise. Such a
thing as sinking a ship with a torpedo
while in a friendly port was unheard of.
he said. It was not plausible that the
Maine was sunk by Spanish orders or
directions. If done at all by outsiders,
it must have been on their own respon
sibility, but the Spanish Government
would be responsible for it. The Ha
vana authorities were supposed to see
that such things were not possible.
All of the naval officials point to the
fact that on board a man-of-war the
powder magazine is one of the most
guarded parts, and that it would be
an almost utter impossibility for one
to obtain keys to the magazine hatches.
Gunner Cronin, attached to the re
ceiving ship Independence, n*o has had
much experience with high explosives,
expresses the opinion that only a fa
natic would have caused the explosion
by igniting the powder magazine, and
sacrificing his own life with those of
; his victims. In his opinion, it is pos
i sible the explosion may have been
caused by decomposed gun-cotton. All
ships carry a certain quantity for use
in boat torpedoes, and it has to be
! carefully watched for fear of its decom-
THE SAIS" FBANCISCO CALL, THTTKSPAY, FEBRUAKY 17, 1898.
REAR-ADMIRAL BELKNAP
FEARFUL OF TREACHERY.
BOSTON. Feb. 16.— "The tearing
away of the bow indicates torpedo
work. I had not seen that before,"
remarked Rear Admiral Belknap,
looking up from the last extra con
taining the latest information of
the terrible disaster in Havana
harbor, to The Call man. The
admiral was intensely Interested.
"You see that the explosion of the
magazine alone would open the
ship apart and sink her, but the
tearing away of the bow looks more
like a torpedo. I hardly think the
bay of Havana can be a sea of
■unken torpedoes though, for you
■cc their own ships are constantly
going in and out of the harbor, and
they would menace their safety.
When I read the first accounts of
this terrible affair I was Inclined to
think this was a matter which
would Involve the Spaniards and
oblige us to send our fleet over, but
after reading it through I do not
think so."
"There is the possibility of acci
dent, but hardly the probability on
a United States ship, is there, ad
miral?" he was asked.
"Oh, you never can tell," was his
reply. "I do not know the situation
upon the Maine. Ido not know
Just how her magazines were lo
cated, but I do know that on the
New York we were obliged to make
some changes in the magazines be
cause of the constant heat and
their getting too hot. It may have
been so on the Maine. In 1873 the
British sloop of war Dotterel was
blown up at Sandy Point, in the
Straits of Magellan. The explosion
in that case took place in the bow
and was quite as mysterous as
this, until it was found, upon In
vestigation, that the affair appear
ed to have started from the paint
room. The British navy was at
that time using a peculiar kind of
paint, which was found to give off
a gas that was highly inflammable.
A man had gone into that room
with a light and instantly there was
an explosion, followed by the blow
ing up of the ship.
"Are not the magazines directly
under the turrets as a rule? They
are in the Massachusetts and In
diana."
"Yes," said the admiral. "But
this was a different class of ship."
"You are not inclined to assume
treachery on the part of the Span
iards until you have exhausted the
possibilities of accident, are you,
admiral?"
"Why, no," he said. "The dispo
sition they manifested is against
that. You note how promptly they
lowered their boats and how in
tent they manifestly were upon res
cue. They came Instantly to the
relief of our men, indicating a gen
erosity and the best of feeling. I
should be Inclined to consider it
accidental were it not for that
statement as to the bow. which I
had not seen before. But I am
not ready to say now that it may
not be proved to have been of ac
cidental origin. We must know
more about it. It will be neces
sary to have a diver before we de
termine the probable cause. I pre
sume they will make such an ex
amination as a basis upon which
to start their investigation, and
the Spanish authorities will be
quite as much interested to have
that done as we are. The diverts
report will give the facts as they
are found to exist. I know of no
disaster to the American navy since
the war so awful as this in its de
struction of life. There have been
other ships lost with their entire
companies, and nobody ever knew
how. There was the sloop-of-war
which causes a chemical re
action, when it is liable to explode.
In the opinion of Captain Glass, Cap
tain Sigsbee displayed excellent judg
ment in the wording of his dispatch to
Washington to suspend opinion until
a full report was received. Captain
Glass says Sigsbee is a very careful
officer, and without doubt had used ev
ery precaution to- guard against dan
ger in the magazine.
STRANGE WORDS OF A
MAN FROM KEY WEST.
Claim 6to Have Been Told That the
Battle - Ship Maine Was
Doomed.
NEW YORK, Feb. 16.— After the ar
rival of the Mallory line steamship
Lampasas to-day tho passengers were
aroused by certain statements made by
a fellow-traveler, whose name is givon
as Mr. Pemblington, in connection with
the blowing up of the Maine. When
the news of the disaster was given
Pemblington is alleged to have thrown
up his arms and exclaimed:
"My God, why did I not telegraph to
Washington what I heard in Key
West'"
The man then said, according to re
ports current later, that he had been
informed by the Spanish Consul at
Key West that if the Elaine stayed a
week longer in Havana Harbor she
might be blown up.
One of the officers to-night said:
"Yes, it is true that there was a pas
senger .named Pemblington who mada
several statements upon our arrival
here which caused excitement among
the passengers. The story comes to me
through other persons. He is said to
have bewailed the fact that he had not
sent information to Washington In re
gard to what he heard in Havana and
Key West. I do not know whether he
said that he had been Informed by the
Spanish Consul at Key West that if
the Maine remained a week longer In
Havana Harbor she would be blown
up; but I was told that he did say that
there were torpedoes in the harbor and
that he had been In Havana. He left
for Washington in the afternoon, so I
was told."
REAR-ADMIRAL BELKNAP.
Albany, which sailed from Grey
town, Nicaragua, for Pensacola,
and to this day nobody knows what
was her fate or that of any of her
officers or crew. I think that was
in IS6O. She was always consid
ered a dangerous vessel because
she was so cranky. Then there
was the Levant, a fine ship. She
sailed from Honolulu for San Fran
cisco and was never more heard
from. I always thought she might
have bef-n struck by lightning and
that the flash set fire to her maga
zine which, blowing up in conse
quence, destroyed the ship and all
on board.
"Our palntrooms are usually in the
bow, but in all ships upon which I
have had experience we always
carried the turpentine on deck.
Then there are the electric wires.
Your modern cruiser is full of them.
Still, I should hardly suppose there
would be any "Metric wire allowed
to pass through the magazine. If,
as you state, th^re were two explo
sions, then the first was undoubt
edly of a small parcel which set off
the rest. It would look as if the
first explosion was in the shellroom,
and that it started the forward
magazine, were it not for the tear
ing away of the bow.
"This dispatch says the entire
bo-w was blown off. If that is the
case, it certainly does give the mat
ter a peculiar look. If the explosion
had been around the boiler or in
the flreroom. then you might as
sume that somebody had introduced
some explosive into the coal, but it
did not. It was the magazine.
"The tearing away of the entire
bow would be caused by the explo
sion of a torpedo Immediately be
neath that portion of the vessel. I
saw by one account that they were
handling high explosives on board
the Maine, but they would not be
doing that at that time of night.
The Maine was one of Mr. Whit
ney's ships, and was built at the
New York yards. I am not as fa
miliar with her structural arrange
ment as I have been with other
ships.
ATTRIBUTES IT
TO TREACHERY
Commander Montgomery
Believes War Will
Follow.
Ridicules the Theory That Ac
cident Caused the Dis
aster.
Confident That Divers Will Find the
Sunken Maine's Armor Bent
Inward.
Special Dlipatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Feb. 16. — Commander J.
E. Montgomery, once of the United
States navy, a commanding officer of a
Confederate fleet during the civil war
and the man who raised the frigate
(afterward the ram) Merrimac, was
very emphatic to-day in declaring the
sinking of the Maine to have been the
result of treachery and an act without
parallel in the world's history. In his
opinion war must inevitably follow.
"When the divers go down and ex
amine the hull of the vessel," said
Commander Montgomery, "it will be
found that it was stove in by a torpedo
exploded under the bow with diabolical
intent. To be sure an accident may
occur on shipboard; a magazine or a
battery may explode. But consider all
the circumstances and you will not en
tertain the theory of an accident. In
the history of our navy there never has
been such an accident. Why should
the first one occur in so perfectly
equipped a vessel aa the Maine, and
"We have never carried turpen
tine and oils of that nature below
since the burning of the old Mis
souri away back in 1843. She was
on her maiden trip and took fire
from an explosion in the paintroom.
The Missouri was a sister ship to
the old Mississippi — yes, the same
which rendered such service in the
Civil War. I think that the Gov
ernment got more work out of the
Mississippi than from any other
ship in the navy, unless it was the
Powhattan.
"The worst disaster that ever be
fell our navy prior to this since the
war was the loss of the Vandalla,
Trenton and Nipsic in the fearful
hurricane at Apia in March, 1889.
I never shall forget it. I had just
left Captain Schoonmaker to come
away, and <m the arrival of our
nt earner the first news I received was
<r)t the loss of the three ships and
the death of poor Schoonmaker.
That was a heavy loss to the Amer
ican navy. That was a hurricane
which actually stripped the clothes
off of men who were caught out in
it.
"Yes. I know Sigsbee. He was in
the hydrographic service after my
own connection with deep-sea
soundings. He is a bright officer.
I am very sorry, indeed, to hear
such news as this from Havana
and the loss of so fine a ship as the
Maine, but we must have all the
facts before we form an opinion. It
does not seem, however, to call for
the visit of the fleet on these first
statements. The Government will
undoubtedly send another ship at
once."
Speaking of the contents of the
Maine's magazines. Admiral Bel
knap said they were carrying high
explosives now on board the mod
ern ships, and there was nothing
yet to show what the ship might
have had. When told that one
story stated that the ship's cook
said there was gun-cotton in the
magazine, the Admiral said: "I
•wouldn't carry gun-cotton on any
ship with which I had anything to
do."
under so capable a commanding officer
as Sigsbee?
"Why should It occur in Havana har
bor, where the vessel was at the mercy
of an enemy capable of treachery, as
we know the Spaniard is and has been
as lon# as he has figured in history?
Why should it follow so closely the
recent exposure of the Spanish Minister
to the United States as a despicable
time-server, who wore an affable de
meanor in Washington while giving
vent to his hatred of our chief execu
tive and our people in private letters
to compatriots? The combination of
acts is too strong to leave a doubt. I
miss my guess if retribution will not
be felt."
Commander Montgomery is familiar
with Havana harbor. It would be com
paratively easy, he says, with small
boats or otherwise to set a torpedo to
destroy the American vessel. This is
his theory of how the Maine was
wrecked.
HAS LITTLE FAITH
IN SPANISH HONOR.
NEW YORK, Feb. 16.— An evening
paper quotes Horatio S. Rubens, coun
sel for the Cuban Junta in this city, as
saying:
"Taking everything into considera
tion, I am firmly convinced that the
tragedy in Havana Harbor was the
work of the Spaniards. I do. not be
lieve, as has been suggested, that it
was the result of an explosion of gun
cotton. Too many of our boats have
been in that climate and such an acci
dent never occurred to any of them.
"It is well known that there has been
a very bitter feeling among the Span
iards in Cuba against the Maine. Ca
nalejas' own paper, the Heraldo. has
repeatedly stated that the presence of
the Maine was a menace to peace, and
it was to the same editor of this paper,
it will be remembered, that De Lome
wrote his famous letter. If any Span
lards did it they certainly acted in con
nivance with the Spanish authorities,
for otherwise they could not have got
together sufficient explosives. I feel
certain it was not the work of Cubans,
because if they wanted to blow any
tnlng up they would have directed their
force toward Spanish vessels or that
beast, Weyler, long before this."
CUBANS SAY IT
WAS FOUL PLAY
Dr. Castillo Attributes th e
Catastrophe to
Treachery.
Members of the Junta Suspect
Rabid Spaniards at
Havana.
Belief That the Anti- American Spirit
Prompted Them to Destroy
the Maine.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 16.— Dr. Joaquln
D. Castillo, Cuban sub-delegate, who
was formerly a surgeon in the United
States navy, speaking of the disaster to
the United States ship Maine, said:
"This is such a serious affair It is
hard for me to believe it was not acci
dental, yet I am forced to suspect
treachery. On reading early reports of
this sad event I was inclined to think
the explanation was not the outcome
of a plot on the part of Spaniards to
destroy the American man-of-war, but
rather the result of spontaneous com
bustion of gun cotton on board the
Maine. As more detailed accounts of
the occurrence become known, how
ever, the opinion which I had formed
at the first moment was altered. I be
gin to suspect that there was some foul
play."
Horatio S. Rubens, counsel for the
Cuban Junta, expressed himself freely.
He said: "I do not believe the blowing
up of the Maine was an accident. I
am of the opinion that the explosion
was the result of outside work, and I
am led to this conclusion from the con
servative character of Captain Sigs
bee's telegram. If Captain Sigsbee be
lieved that the explosion was accident
al he would say so instead of wiring to
send no warship and asking Ameri
cans to reserve their decision."
Benjamin G. Guerra, treasurer of the
Cuban Junta, said: "I believe the blow
ing up of the Maine was the deliberate
work of some rabid Spaniards. While
the Spanish Government may not be
directly concerned in the plot, I think
an investigation of the affair will show
that some anti-American officials were
at the bottom of the scheme to destroy
the American battle-ship. I remember
during the ten years' war in Cuba the
case of the Virginius. When the sur
render of the vessel to the American
Government was ordered Dr. Gallardo,
a rabid Spaniard, a professor in the
Havana University, made an attempt
to blow up the vessel before she was
delivered to the American warship that
was sent to bring her to the United
States."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• n 88 88 82 88 8 82 8i 8S 82 88 8S 88 82 8S 22 88 Si^ 8S 8S 82 88 88 88 88 8! 52 88 82 82 82 82 83 8 •
28 ' " 8
S8 A 1 \' * '^ — ■ i 28
o« w i/ 7 S » oB I^SS^^^BEQa^Sr £5
«■« ■ IT RESTORES MANLY VIGOR. «
a nON'T YOU WANT TO FEEL THAT ENERGY, THE 88
2? 1J vim and strength of manhood, which is so admired in 28
88 all men who possess it ? There is no need to be weak, no *
88 , need to feel dull and lazy, depressed in spirits and lacking •?*.
in, strength when you can be as vigorous as any man by
2j using Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. This life-giving appli-
28 ance is cheap in price and rich in the precious vitality gj
• ? with which it fills your body while you sleep at night. No 88
of man need feel himself below the level of another man, 8
28 either mentally or physically, if his natural vitality is eg
28 toned up by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. 25
S| FROM A PULLMAN PORTER. |
28 OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 16. 1808. 09
c» DR.SANDEN: I suffered from nervous prostration and weakness, with ":
constipation, so bad that the doctors could not help me. I would feel so 80
88 awful tired in the morning that I would not want to 1 get up. ♦ Now, since c*
09 using your Belt for three months, my nerves are strong as ever again, my c#
Tr bowels regular and my heart has quit troubling me. When I wake-up in *5
88 the morning I feel as fresh as a lark and full of ambition. Your Belt is JJ
2S certainly a great remedy. Yours truly, . • .^
!; - TAYLOR, 829 Center street, Oakland. Cal. ■»
« THE BOOK, "THREE CLASSES OF MEN." '§ ;
** To men who are weak in vital power Electricity is a
25 wonderful remedy when applied to the weakened body by
88 Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. It stores vital energy in the jj
88 nerves, and that begets vigorous manhood. Learn more ,25
« about it. Send for "Three Classes of Men," a book full of »
? interest and facts. It is free, sealed, by mail. \
2* QAM'nT?N FT FPTRTPPn 630 Market St., Opposite Ct
*5 k>AlNlJ£,i\ EiLiEiUlnll/ t»U., Palace Hotel. San Francisco. !?
T~ Office hours, 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles.' Cal..
88 2M South Broadway; Portland, Or., 2 53. Washington st; Denver, Col.,- 931 Sixteenth *3
ga ':- St.; Dallas, Tex., 256 Main at. ■ • : ■r of
•o NOTE— Make no mistake In the number— 630 MARKET STREET. ■ ;. :. ■ * a .
28' - •-».-'• '■■:■.■■■'■ ■..■'■'',-. ■^•■■'-■■:- '■:■■■ '■/ . ■ '.::.! : "■■--■'•'?. 88 :
•88 88 88 82 88 8S 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 88 82. 82 82 82 82 88 82 88 82 82 82 22 82 82 88 88 82 88 8 ££•
• mii mi iiihiih hi ii >■ nil linn iiMiiiiifiiiimiiiiir»«ii Him n m in«i ii in«Mniuiiiii mijiiinin imrifwirnrtr—— — Gmn sm
GIVES TO SPAIN
AN ADVANTAGE
Loss of the Maine a Se
vere Blow to Our
Navy.
Leaves but Six Serviceable
Vessels to Compete With
Seven.
Secretary Long Holds a Consultation
With Experts of His De
partment.
Special Dispatch to X he Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Feb. 16.
Both Secretary Long and Assistant
Secretary Roosevelt called a consulta
tion in the forenoon of all of the chiefs
of the Navy Department and several of
the officers of high rank indirectly at
tached, like Commodore Schley, presi
dent of the Lighthouse Board, who has
a brilliant reputation as a gallant offi
cer and is possessed of great discre
tion. The purpose of this consultation
was to obtain the best expert testimony
as to the probable cause of the Maine
disaster, while at the same time ascer
taining to what extent the naval situ
ation had been affected by the loss of
the Maine.
A good deal of disquiet was exhibited
when it was shown that the loss of the
fine battleship had done a great deal
to destroy the balance of power theor
etically between the navies of Spain
and the United States, the American
navy being reduced to six serviceable
vessels against seven on the Spanish
fleet.
Every confidence was felt in the de
partment in the commander of the
Maine. Captain Sigsbee, and until it is
really established otherwise there is
every disposition to charge the acci
dent, if accident it was, that destroyed
the Maine, to some cause beyond the
usual range of human discretion.
The coast survey steamer Bache is
now lying at Key West. The superin
tendent of the survey lost no time this
morning in inviting Secretary Long to
make any use of the vessel in this
emergency that he might desire. The
invitation was gratefully accepted, and
the Bache has been ordered to proceed
at once to Havana with wrecking
paraphernalia.
De Lome Incident Closed.
MADRID, Feb. 16.—El Cnrreo, the of
ficial organ, announces that United
States Minister Woodford to-night re
ceived Spain's reply concerning the De
Lome letter, and it adds that the inci
dent is regarded as terminated.
56
THURSDAY FEBRUARY 17, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St»-. S F-
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to £21 Stevenson street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE «AN FRANCISCO CALL 'DAILY AND SUNDAYS Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding town*
for 15 cents a week.- By mail $6 per year, per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.53 ;
OAKLAND OFFICE «~. 908 Broadway j
Eastern Representative. DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON (D. C. OFFICE Rlfift* House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street open until
fi:3o o'clocK- 62! MoAlllster street: open until 9:30
o'clock.. 615 LarKln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open until '■
£ o'clock £518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock
106 Eleventh st; open until 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk street i
tpen until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
end Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— The Bostonians.
California— Blaca Patti Troubadours.
Columbia— ' What Happenel to Jones."
Alcazar— "Charley's Aunt."
Morosco's — "Shenandoah."
Tivoll— "Said Pasha."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Olympla. corner Masou and Eddy streets— Specialties.
The Chutes— Cbtqnita aud Vaudeville-
Mechanics' Pavilion— Mining: Fair and Klondike Exposition,
Calilornla Jockey Club. Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butterfield— This day, February 17, Turkish
Rugs, at llt> butter street, at 2 p. m.
By Emll Colin— Tills day. February 17, Stationery Store, at
TlB Larkln street, at 11 o'clock.
By Killlp & Co.— Saturday, February 19, Horses, at Oakland
Racetrack, at 12 o'clock.
By Yon Rhein A Co.— Thursday, February 24, Real Estate, at
638 Market street, at 12 o'clock.
PUT UP OR SHUT UP.
AS independent as the proverbial hog on ice is
the yellow faker of Mission street: when it
cannot stand up it can fall down on itself and
slide in its own grease. It has taken the latter course
in the face of the demand of The Call that it should
either prove the truth of its denial that John R. Grif
fiths was at Agnews at the time Peter Camarinos died
or acknowledge the error. Finding itself in a slip
pery place it has fallen down, and loudly claims to
be sliding on its own slipperiness and not on that of
the location.
Since the Examiner has fallen down we have no
desire to pursue the subject further. When we
brought the issue before the public and offered to de
posit with Mayor Phelan $1000 to be divided among
the charitable institutions of the city if the Examiner
could show that the denial it made of the story pub
lished in The Call was well founded, we had no other
object than that of impressing upon the public mind
the accuracy of the reports in The Call and the false
ness to which the yellow journal resorts to discredit
news which it is too slow to get. That object has
been accomplished. The Examiner yesterday refused
to stand by its former words, but announced in
screaming type that if some other issue of its own
selection be taken up it would meet The Call half
*ay.
We challenged the Examiner to maintain the truth
of a statement made in its columns and stated the
challenge in the straight Saxon words, "Put up op
shut up." The Examiner has done neither. The hog
on ice, whether he stands or falls, can always squeal,
and this particular stuck pig squeals wildly. We have
no desire to inflict the squealing upon the public any
further, and therefore resist the temptation to kick
the sprawling nuisance and provoke it to further
noise. We simply profit by the opportunity to brand
the thing once more as a public liar, and so pass on
to other things until a new offense from the jealous
faker calls for new redress and new exposure.
In the meantime our original challenge stands.
OVERWORKING THE CHILDREN.
\A ANY parents are approaching the conclusion
/ \ that their children are forced to do an un
reasonable amount of work in the public
schools. A few years ago a child of 12 or 13 ad
vanced to about the stage of the seventh grade of to
day would be under no necessity of studying at home
in the evening, or at least but rarely. Now, to keep
up with the prescribed course the child must study
often as much as two hours in the evening. There
is something wrong with the system which exacts
this. A child has a right to leisure for recreation or
for the pursuit of some branch, French, German or
music, not in the curriculum. Many children com
plain of trouble with their eyes, and naturally
enough. If they pore over books during a large part
of the time they are at school, and must devote their
evenings to the active pursuit of the same industry,
not only their eyes, but their bodies are being sub
jected to undue strain. A little girl of 11 recently re
marked that she had twenty-seven examples to work
out one evening. She had complained to her
teacher, who had cheered her with the information
that if she would give two hours' faithful application
to them she ought to be able to work them all.
Possibly this was true. But there is no justice in
the demand that any girl of II after a day in school
shall give two hours of faithful application to any
form of knowledge concealed between the covers of
a text-book.
The public would like to know more about the
transaction by which a fender was adopted. There
has been a suspicion that no device would be ap
proved without being sustained commercially and its
good points emphasized by gold trimmings. It is
only fair to the Supervisors to say this suspicion is
still harbored, and to clear it away ought to be re
garded by them as a duty and a pleasure.
It is stated that Peary stands in the foremost rank
of Arctic explorers. He does more than this; he is
the foremost rank. No other brave pioneer has the
distinction of being the father of an all-white baby
born quite so far north, and no other has monkeyed
around tke exclusive Arctic circle so extensively
without having discovered something.
While the police announce with pleasing faith that
there are no confidence men left in the city, no citi
zen in whom the bump of credulity is not abnormally
developed will take his hand off his pocketbook while
in a crowd.
Supervisors will not be much concerned over any
thing the Grand Jury may say about them. They are
not noted for delicacy of feeling. Nothing short of
•o ; «uiictjaient will ever cause them uneasiness.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1898.
THE THREE SILVER MANIFESTOES.
THE Bryan Democracy, Populists and free silver
Republicans have sat upon and incubated a
triune manifesto to their followers, summoning
them to fusion on free coinage of silver at 16 to I.
This document, so abundantly fathered, impeaches
the administration for maintaining the gold standard
and making the lives of the people "bitter with a
hard bondage." This is also an impeachment of
Andrew Jackson, who said in 1836 that "gold is the
universal and only honest standard of value." But
Jackson is dead and cannot defend himself, even
against the attempt to identify him with fiatism.
The address, continuing, says: "The continued
rise in value of gold— or, which is the same thing,
the continued fall in prices — must inevitably transfer
the property of all those engaged in active business,
the actual creators of wealth, whether b: hand, brain
or capital, to those who, avoiding the risk and effort
of active business, only draw interest."
The address fails to state what these wicked men
will do then, when they have destroyed their capacity
to draw interest by destroying the power to pay it.
The farmers of Mr. Bryan's State paid off $26,000,
000 of mortgages in 1897, and Kansas proposes to
exhibit at the Omaha fair a full carload of mortgages
paid off last year.
When Mr. Bryan was in Congress, in his speech on
the Wilson bill, in reply to the claim that protection
wisely distributed lowered instead of raising prices to
the consumer, he said that the general fall in prices was
due entirely to increase in production by labor-saving
inventions. Now he sees a new light and lays low
prices to the gold standard.
It needs no argument to prove that if the so-called
demonetizing of silver in 1873 made prices fall, inde
pendent of supply and demand, of production and
consumption, the fall would haye been immediate,
sudden and final. It would have affected not a few
but all values.
The fact is that silver has been more coined and
more used in effecting the world's commercial ex
changes since 1873 than before. Of the specie used in
moving the foreign trade of the United States. Great
Britain, France and British India for the four years
ending in 1864 the proportion of silver was 40 per
cent; for the four years ending 1800 it was 45 per
cent.
Mr. David A. Wells says: "It would seem that if
the scarcity of gold on prices had originated and
operated as the advocates of this theory claim, such
influence would have been all pervasive, synchronous,
irresistible and constant as the influence of gravita
tion, and that something of correspondence, as re
spects time and degree, in the resulting price move
ments of commodities would have been recognized."
Saurbeck's tables, dealing with forty-five articles,
show an average fall in price, but they do not show
a universal fall for all articles, nor a uniform fall for
such as have fallen. Pork fell 4 points and cotton 49;
beef 19 and petroleum 68; oats 28 and wheat 52; tin
i>) and iron 49; coffee rose 23 points. The investiga
tions made by a sub-committee of the Finance Com
mittee of the United States Senate in 1892 traced the
price fluctuations of 223 articles since iB6O and
allowed the same lack of uniformity. Fifteen articles
of house furnishings fell 30 points; thirty-five articles
of lumber and building materials rose 22 points;
metals and implements fell 26 points; food rose 3
points: wages rose 60 points. Between 1880 and IS9O
farm lands rose from $18 99 per acre to $21 31, Tve
stock per head -from $13 03 to $14 63, the average
wages of factory laborers from $346 to $484 per an
num, and of tearhers from $195 to $251.
In economics a tl'cory is not good unless it ac
counts for all cases to which it is applied. Those
who say that the gold standard has made low wheat
must explain why it has not made low beef, wages,
veal, butter, eggs and milk.
In fine, the theory of these three manifestoes is a
fallacy. Its statement of the motive of the advocates
of the gold standard is an appeal to prejudice and a
demagogic folly. The persons who own the money
in the loan fund of the country and get interest on it
arc very largely the working people and widows,
orphans and estate?, for whom the savings banks and
trust companies act as trustees.
PUSHING THE INVESTIGATION.
r^vEPRESENTATIVE IIILBORN has intro
|—/ duced into the Plouse a resolution directing the
Committee on Military Affairs to make an in
vestigation of the recent discovery that defective
shrapnel has been furnished to the army by private
contractors. The issue is thus brought fairly before
Congress and it is to be hoped no favor for the guilty
parties nor the pressure of the business of the session
will cause the committee to hesitate in taking up the
matter while all the circumstances are still fresh in
the public mind and popular interest in the subject is
keen and strong.
In the first reports of the affair it was stated that
the defective shrapnel discovered by the tests at the
Presidio was furnished by the American Ordnance
Company. To our special correspondent at Wash
ington, however, it was stated by an officer of that
company that the ammunition did not come from his
company, but from the Hotchkiss Company before
the consolidation.
It appears the American Ordnance Company is
something in the nature of a trust and represents a
consolidation of several of the largest corporations
engaged in that business in the country. It would of
course be unjust to hold the entire combination re
sponsible for defective ammunition furnished by one
of its members before the consolidation took place,
but nevertheless it will not be overlooked that the
combination was probably formed to make better
profits out of the Government, and doubtless re
ceived a share of the gains made out of the defective
ammunition in question.
Mr. Hilborn is quoted by our correspondent as
saying the Government should as far as practicable
manufacture its war material, as there would then be
no temptation to furnish unserviceable ammunition.
The cost to the Government would perhaps be more,
but it would be better to stand that than to run the
risk of having to face a war with our troops and navy
so poorly supplied that they would be sent to slaugh
ter rather than to battle.
Against this reasoning there is nothing to be
urged. If we cannot obtain good ammunition from
private contractors the Government should by all
means set up a manufacturing plant of its own. It
ir, by no means certain, however, that we cannot find
contractors who will furnish good ammunition. Our
manufacturers are quite capable of producing as good
war material as any in the world, and if the proper
inducements are held out by the Government they
will furnish us with military and naval supplies of un
questioned quality.
One of these inducements should be fair prices for
the goods, and another should be prompt punishment
for supplying the army or navy with defective goods.
We have for a long time held out the first of these,
and the frauds discovered in the shrapnel at the
Presidio afford a good opportunity for trying the
other. The Military Committee of the House should
see to it that the thing is done and done promptly.
THE UPROAR IN FRANCE.
ZOLA'S denant championship of Dreyfus, so far
from helping him, has acted upon the excita
ble Parisian populace like a red banner waved
in the face of an angry bull. It has aroused passion 3
that have carried old animosities to the verge of
reasonless rage, and at the present time the outcome
of the trial is as likely to be a riot as anything else.
It must not be supposed, however, that the stormy
mobs of Paris represent the public opinion of
France. Excitement in one form or another is the
normal condition of life among a large portion of
the population of Paris, and France is too much ac
customed to their extravagances to be seriously dis
turbed by them. Almost every political crisis causes
a violent uproar along the boulevards, but it is sel
dom that anything more than noise and a few duels
emanate from the confusion that seems about to
hurry the republic into chaos and old night.
The most serious feature of the present situation is
the fact that within a short time the Deputies are to
meet their constituents. The Government is thus
compelled to some extent to comply with the will of
the leaders of the excitement for fear of their in
fluence over the rabble on election day. The loss of
a comparatively few seats in the Chamber of Depu
ties would mean the overthrow of the present Minis
try, and the Government dares not take the risk of
too strongly opposing the sentiment of a class which,
however small it may be in comparison with the
whole voting population, is nevertheless active, vig
orous and aggressive enough to be a dangerous foe.
The men who are making the most violent de
monstrations against Zola and Dreyfus are known to
be opposed to the present constitution of France.
They are divided into two parties which on all other
issues are in violent antagonism to one another, one
faction being socialists and the other monarchists,
but for this fight they have combined, each being
willing to help the other tear down the Government
and take chances as to which will be able to seize the
spoils after the common victory.
The campaign cry by which the combined factions
have succeeded in exciting the Parisian populace is
"The honor of the army." The people are told that
Zola has insulted the arms of France for the purpose
of defending a traitor. It is for this he is howled a*
on the streets and threatened with violence as hie
goes and returns to and from the court. The same
cry will be sounded during the campaign throughont
France when the elections take place, and it will go
hard with the Ministry if the opposition can fasten
upon it the suspicion that it is lacking in loyalty to
the army of the nation.
The outlook is grave beyond a doubt, but the re
public has met and weathered many a fiercer storm
than this. The Boulanger movement was more dan
gerous because it had a leader who was a popular
favorite, and in whom large numbers of people be
lieved they saw a new Napoleon who would redeem
Alsace and Lorraine from the Germans and restori?
the prestige and glory of the arms of France.
The present movement has no leader. The pas
sionate regard for the army shown in the excitement
that attends the trial of Zola is ample proof that if
a military leader of commanding eminence werd
forthcoming the republic would be in extreme dan
ger, but there is no young Napoleon in sight. The
opportunity is present, but the man is absent. The
chances, therefore, are that the present excitemenJ
will never spread beyond the boulevards of Paris, and
that when the elections take place a sure and safe
majority of conservative republicans will be electe.*
to maintain the present constitution for another long
term of years.
A committee has been endeavoring to ascertain
whether the poor people of New York City buy the
proper sort of food. There is nothing surprising in
the conclusion reached that the poor people are
"guilty. They do not buy the proper material. They
sometimes invest their money when hungry in some
thing which lacks the nutritive properties of some
thing else. They have even been known to neglect
to purchase food of any kind, and the fact that they
have starved to death upon persistently manifesting
an obstinacy so reprehensible shows that nature will
not tolerate any foolishness.
Perhaps a statement made in the New York World
and copied in The Call had not dawned in all its
beauty upon the hurried editor who used it. The
World had written of some men whom it described as
mortally wounded, adding the information that part of
the number would be likely to die. Men with morrnl
wounds are viewed by students of warfare as having
their chances of longevity seriously impaired.
The burglars who keep right on about their regu
lar business must have overlooked Captain Bohen's
confident and cheering view of the matter. Accord
ing to the captain all such characters have been run
out of town. Would it not be wise to detail a good
man to call upon these burglars and inform them not
only that their conduct is annoying, but is taking all
the beauty out of Bohen's story?
"Notwithstanding the vigilance of the police the
games thrive." So reads a news account telling of
places in which pools are sold to women. It is an in
teresting account, but at one point the writer evi
dently felt an impulse to be facetious. To mention
as "vigilance" that attitude which permits the game
was clearly intended as a joke.
If General Clay shall get the divorce he seeks
perhaps the country may be cheered by noting his
absence from the public press. However, the issu.
ance of a burial permit to the general would be even
more pleasing, and carry with it a more perfect assur
ance of peace.
Another man while hunting has fatally shot a
friend. There needs to be a closed season for friends,
and until it shall be provided the man who does not
know one end of a gun from another should be
forced to do his hunting in solitude.
There will be a shade of doubt in relation to the
death of the Gilroy man who is said to have tried to
cut of? his own head with an ax. An ax is not looked
upon by the practical suicide as a weapon suitable to
the emergency.
Foreign papers say that Zola, even if acquitted,
could not live in France. They do not go to the
trouble to state any reason why he should desire to
live there. The world is wide and portions of it are
sane.
Ex-Governor St. John of Kansas is in trouble for
having signed the petition of a druggist to sell
whisky, and he deserves to be. The people of Kansas
knew what drugstore whisky is.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
One of the stars of the Damrosch-Ellis
opera company at the Metropolitan
Opera-house this season is Mile. Toronta,
a youthful graduate of Mme. Marchesi's
school. It is almost needless to say that
Mile. Toronta is a Canadian and hails
from Toronto. When Lamperti suggested
to a gifted young American soprano that
she should name herself Albani, after her
native town of Albany, he set a fashion
whtch Is growing more and more popular.
Melba has given an added glory to Mel
bourne, Fanny Franqesca is carrying the
fame of San Francisco abroad, and Mile.
Toronta, in winning laurels for herself,
is incidentally earning fame for Toronto.
There is no knowing where the mania
may end. The twentieth century may see
every town and hamlet with its name
prima donna. To avoid injustice the as
piring singer ought first to warble to the
community, and be publicly Indorsed be- I
fore being allowed to wear a city's name;
otherwise we might see Mile. Oaklanda
or Mile. Los Angela making a complete
MLLE, TORONTA, the New Canadian Prima Donna.
fiasco, whereas Mile. Petaiuma and Mile. '•
Milpeta might be winning world-wide ;
fame. Mile. Toronta is a very gifted ■
young woman, and, although only In the '
very beginning of her career, has already
taken her place In the front rank of
prima donnas.
There was a time when London was ac
cused of being an unmusical city, but,
judging from the Postal Annual, It has
now gone to the other extreme. The Pos
tal Annual gives the addresses of 5500
professors of piano, singing, guitar, etc.
The population of London is at present
about five millions, so that the city counts
a professor of music for each 1000 inhabi
tants. The proportion is in reality still
more startling, for one must deduct the
inhabitants who are too young or too old
to figure in the list of students, as well
as the poor who have no money to spend
on musical Instruction. In reality the
proportion is about one professor for each
200 inhabitants. It mu9t be remembered,
too, that the list of professors does not
count many women teachers who are too
modestly lodged for the Annual to take
cognizance of them. If with all these
teachers London does not become the
most musical city in the world it will not
be for want of technical Instruction.
Thlslsthe history In brief of Mile. Agnele
Heraut— La Petite Heraut — the newest
vaudeville star in Paris: She studied
singing with poor Taskin, who predicted
a brilliant operatic career for her: sud
denly a severe attack of laryngitis de
stroyed at one blow the hopes of the
master and the pupil. Most women
would have given up all hopes of the
theater In despair. "Little" Tleraut said
to herself: "What does it matter having
no voice if one's gestures are expressive,
and, above all, graceful 7" And without
waiting a day Angele Heraut began to
study pantomime. Three months later
she made her debut at the Casino de
Paris in a little act, where the public Im
mediately appreciated her ability as a
mime. New creations at the Nouveau-
Theatre and the Folies-Marigny followed,
and now "Little" Heraut has just signed
a splendid engagement with the Casino.
The courageous singer who lost her voice
has become one of the biggest vaudeville
stars in France.
Leoncavallo, the author of "I Pagliac
cl," like Bolto, the author of "Mefilsto
fele," not only writes librettos for his
own personal use. hut also furnishes his
confreres with books. Leoncavallo's lat
est libretto Is entitled "Mario Wetter,'"
It has been set to music by Augusto
Machndo and will shortly be produced at
the San Carlos Theater, Lisbon. Talk-
Ing of the San Carlos recalls the fact that
the Portuguese police still refuse to al
low that opera house to play "Andre
Chenier," because one of the acts ends
with the "Marseillaise." Every one seems
at a loss to understand this ridiculous
ostracism, for the hymn of the French
republic is publicly played even in Russia,
so one would suppose that the Portuguese
public might safely be exposed to its
seditious influence. As all song lovers
remember the "Marseillaise" also
comes in at the end of Schumann's set
ting of Heine's poem, "The Two Grena
diers," which has been sung with im
punity all over the civilized world.
A rather surprising piece of musical
news comes from the Transvaal, where
hitherto the worship of the golden calf
has been much more wide-spread than
the worship of art. A committee has
been formed at Pretoria, the capital of
the little reputfllc, with- the object of
building a concert hall and forming an
orchestra to play classical music. Dr.
Leyds, Assistant Secretary of State, is
the president of the organization. The
committee has demanded a site of the
Government in the midst of the public
park at Pretoria, and a number of music
lovers have subscribed a sum equivalent
to $51,000. Mr. Ten Brink has been com
missioned to go to Europe, especially to
England, in order to engage performers
and a good conductor. It is to be hoped
that this interesting effort of Boor ama
teurs will prove a complete success and
that in the twentieth century The Call
will be furnishing its readers with the
news of important musical happenings at
Pretoria.
German music publishers are making a
firm stand on the question of demanding
royalties for melodies reproduced me
chanically by hiuicl-cirsra-ns ajid all, Qthar
itiFtrur.ients of the kind that grind out
tunes, 4ke sausages, by the yard. The
publishers have entered a number of
test suits against the manufacturers of
these instruments, and so far the de
cisions ha>e been in their favor. The
hund-organ men fear that the "Reichs
gericht" (Ttfbunal of the Empire) is
about to maije a decision ordering them
to pay royalties. In the hope of pre
venting this they have formed an asso
ciation entitled "The League of German
Instrument Makers," and they propose
to petition the Government for a change
in existing laws, so that all mechani
cally produced ■ music may be exempt
from paying royalties. It is to be hoped
that they will not carry the day, for there
seems absolutely no reason why they
should reap, without money and with
out price, the fruits of composers' labor
and genius.
At the town of Bergamo, in Italy, a
grand musical celebration was given on
the 10th inst. to commemorate the first
anniversary of the death of Bazzlni. the
famous violinist-composer. Most of the
programme was devoted to the deceased
master's works. The celebrated violon
cellist, Piatti, an intimate friend of Baz
zini, was the star performer on the oc
casion. Bazzini's chamber music has at
several concerts been received with con
siderable favor in San Francisco.
Pedro Saleza, a new Spanish tenor, has
just signed an engagement with Maurice
Grau for London and the United States.
He will sing in London during the sum
mer, and will make his debut in America
next winter. Much is expected from
Saleza, on account of his success at the
Paris Grand Opera. To some extent he
will step into Jean de Reszke's shoes, for
he is to sing with Calve, Mellja and
Prunes in "Faust," "Romeo and Juliet,"
"The Huguenots," "Aida," 'Carmen, '
etc.
Sir Arthur Sullivan has a new libret
tist—no tern a man than Arthur Pinero,
the well-known playwright of problem
play fame. It is to be hoped that the
Pinero libretto on which Sir Arthur is
now busily working contains more excit
ing material than "The Princess and the
Butterfly, the latest comedy offering
that Pinero has made this country, and
about as dull a contribution as New York
has seen in many a day.
E. J. Hopkins, the dean of English or
ganists, has just retired from the Temple
Church, London, at the age of 90. He has
been organist of the Temple Church for
fifty-four years, but his musical career
goes back to the accession of William IV
in A. D. 183(i. ..t that time Hopkins was
a choirboy in the royal chapel, and he
sang at the coronation ceremony.
Rouman!a wants to make a record in
the piano-manufacturing line. An enter
prising Bucharest manufacturer is pre
paring to send to the Paris Exposition
of 1900 a piano that can be heard ten kilo
meters away (six and two-third miles).
That will be am very well for the people
who live at the other end of town, but
what about the inhabitants of the next
flat?
News comes from Munich that the
famous tenor, Henry Yogi, is writing a
grand opera in three acts, which bears
the provisionary title of "Baldur." The
composer, who himself wrote the libret
to, went to Scandinavian mythology for
his theme. He also helped hlmsetf liber
ally to a poem by Felix Dahn on the sub
ject of the god Baldur.
Mile. Strakosch, a niece of Adelina
Patti, bids fair to repeat her aunt's suc
cesses. A dispaten from Milan announces
that in "Andrea Chenier," at the Lyric
Theater, Milan, she has had a triumphal
success, so much so that the recalls and
general enthusiasm quite surpassed any
thing that happened when the opera was
first performed at La Scala.
Newspaper writers abroad are some
times more frank than gallant, as the
following instance shows: An Italian
critic, who is known by the norn de plume
"Per l'lileale," makes tho announcement
that a popular Italian singer has innerit
ed a fortune large enough for Jier to reure
from the stage. He adds: "So much the
better for her— and for art."
Mile. Zelle de Lussan, a New York so
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ROYAL is the only Baking Pow=
der used by the U. S. Government
in the relief expeditions to the
Whalers in the Arctic. No other
powder will keep and work in
the severe Northern climate.
_ ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK.
prano, continues to meet with great suc
cess in Europe. She has just been en
gaged for a series of representations at
the Paris Opera Comique, after which she
will go to Lisbon to fulfill a contract in
every way favorable to herself.
A magnificent new opera-house is to be
built at Brunswick. According to the
German custom, the theater will be used
for comedy as well as opera.
Ludovic Breitner, an Austrian pianist,
is capturing the taste of Parisian audi
ences.
MINOR POETS.
No master-singers we, whose lightest word
Thrills the great heart of nations, and will
float
'On through the ages; but a little note
Or two we have tn common with the bird.
Such simple melody as may be heard
Poured out in winter from the Kobin'»
throat.
Who sings alone on leafless bough remote,
By Nature's frost-bound silence undeterred.
We sing because it pleases us to sing.
The soul's low whisper echoing unafraid;
And unto some of us this higher grare
God gives:— to see the good in everyrning —
The harmony from seeming discord made—
The hidden glory of the commonplace.
— M. G. W. in Westminster Gazette.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A DOLLAR OF 1795-G. W. 8.. Hard
wick Station. Fresno County, Cal.
a dollar of 17f>5 dealers in old coins offei
from 25 to 50 cents premium. Dollars of
that date can be purchased from dealers
for $2 75.
THE NAVAL ACADEMY-T. P., Mon
terey, Cal. For admission to the I'nited
States Naval Academy at Annapolis the
applicant must be not under fifteen years
of age nor more than twenty years old.
One desiring to enter the academy must
notify the Representative in Congress oi
the district in which he lives and if ap
pointed to a vacancy the applicant win
be notified of time and place of exam
ination.
SEALSKINS— Constant Reader, Stocky
ton, Cal. By far the greatest portion ot
the world's fur-seal catch is dyed in Lon
don. Some skins are prepared in the
United States, but the process has never
been carried on to a large extent, for tne
reason that the trade desires the ' Lon
don dye." There is a plant in Brooklyn,
N. V., and skins to a very limited extent
have been dyed in San Francisco. Lon
don is recognized as the place for dye
ing skins.
THE LOYAL LEGION— F. S., Klamath,
Cal. The military order of the Loyal
Legion of the United States was organ
ized by officers and ex-officers of the army,
navy and marine corps of the United
States who took part in the Civil "War of
1861-4>5. The membership descends to the
eldest male lineal descendent, according
to the rules of primogeniture. There are
twenty commanderies, each representing
a State, and one commandery represent
ing the District of Columbia. The total
membership is about 9000.
NATURALIZATION PAPERS— F. F.,
San Mateo, Cal. While It is true that all
judicial and executive officers of the
United States Government are bound to
recognize the seal and signature of all
legally constituted courts, in the matter
of an alien or a natural-born citizen going
abroad he should provide himself with a
passport, to be obtained from the United
States Secretary of State. A naturalized
citizen should "have such in addition to
his certificate of naturalization. The cer
tificate does not require the signature of
a Federal officer if issued out of a State
court, but the applicant for a passport
must send it to the Secretary of State,
who will return it in due time with the
passport. To obtain a passport the rule
is that in addition to transmitting his
certificate, or a certified copy, for inspec
tion, he must state in his affidavit when
and from what port he emigrated to this
country, what ship he sailed in, where he
has lived since his arrival . ! n the United
States, when and before what court he
was naturalized, and that he is the iden
tical person described in the certificate of
naturalization. The signature to "the ap
plication should conform in orthography
to the applicant's name as written in the
naturalization papers, which the depart
ment follows.
GOVERNORS OP CALIFORNIA— J. D.
and L. F., City. The following-named
were elected Governors of California since
3849. There is also given the year of elec
tion and the political party to which
each belonged at the time of election:
i P. H. Burnett, 1849, no party; John Bigler,
1851 and 1853, Democrat; J. Neely Johnson,
1555, Know Nothing; John B. Weller, 1557,
Democrat; Milton S. Latham, 1559, Demo
crat; Leland Stanford, 1861, Republican;
Frederick F. Low, 1863, Union; Henry H.
Haight, 1867, Democrat; Newton Booth,
1871, Republican; William Irwin, 1875,
Democrat; George C. Perkins, 1579. Re
publican; George Stoneman, 1882, Demo
crat; Washington Bartlett. 1886, Demo
crat; H. 11. Markham, lSfiO, Republican;
James H. Budd, 1894, Democrat. In addi
tion to this list there have been the fol
lowing named who were Lleutenant-
Governors who succeeded Governors
elected: John McDougald, Democrat,
succeeded Burnett: John G. Downev,Dem
ocrat, succeeded Latham; Romuaido Pa
checo. Republican, succeeded Booth, and
R. W. Waterman, Republican, succeeded
Bartlett. From this it appears that four
Governors were succeeded during their
terms by Lieutenant-Governors — three
having resigned and one died. At the
sixteen elections held nine Democrats
were elected, four Republicans and one
each Union, Know-Nothing and no party
In 1849 there were cast 14,213 votes for
Governor and in 1594 254.545.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Trunks Moved 25 Cent*.
Furniture moved. San Francisco Trans
fer Co. Office. 12 Grant aye. Tel. M. 605.*
Jasper— What do you think Howells
meant when he spoke about one of his
characters being a "hen-minded" woman?
Jumpuppe— Oh, I guess he meant that
she never thought about anything ex
cept her own set.— Judge.
Time Reduced to Chicago.
\ia Rio Grande Western, Denver and R] o
Grande and Burlington railways. Passengers
leaving San Francisco on 6 p. m. train reach
Chicago 2:15 p. m. the fourth day, and New
York 6:30 p. m. following day. Through Pull
man Palace Double Drawing Room Sleeping
Cars to Denver with Union Depot change at
9:30 a. m. to similar cars of the Burlington
Route for Chicago. Railroad and sleeping car
tickets sold through and full Information given
at 14 Montgomery st. W. H. Snedaker. General
Agent.
Dr. Stegert s Anoostora Bittkrs Is in
dorsed by physicians and chemists for purity.
Don't be defrauded by accepting a Rubstitute.
" Brown's Bronchial Troches" are a stmplo
yet most effectual remedy for Coughs. Hoarse
ness and Bronchial Troubles. Avoid Imitations.
Indignant Constituent— The people are
getting roused, sir! Your day is coming!
If you look, air, you can see the hand
writing on the wall.
Boodle Alderman— l don't give a durn
for no handwritin' on walls. The fellies
dats pullln' fur me don't read.— Chicago
Tribune.WILL PROSPECT
IN NEW FIELDS
Two Barks Laden With
Miners to Leave for
Kotzebue Sound.
Everything Now in Readiness
for the Start Early Next
May.
Over Two Thousand Miners Will
Leave Here for Dyes and Ska
guay Next Week.
Although a start •will not be made
until the latter part of next April, the
unting expedition to Kotzebue
i. on the barks Alaska and North
ern Light, will be ready long before
that time. Another two or three weeks
will see the wind-jammers in first-class
trim and the stern-wheel steamer John
Riley completed and stowed away in
th' 1 hold of the Alaska. The gold-seek
ers will then have to wait patiently for
the opening of the ice in the spring.
Many of them hold good positions in
the city and will not relinquish their
until the last minute. Others again,
;. B. Brown and his wife, are going
for the love of adventure. Mr.
and Mrs. Brown have hunted all kinds
of came in all parts of the world save
ih p Arctic. Now they ar.= bound for
K< izebue Sound to hunt the polar bear
and the reindeer and incidentally see if
they cannot pick up a little of the pre
cious metal.
Mrs. Martin is the wife of an evan
gelist, but she is not going to Kotzebue
Pound on an evangelistic tour. Mr.
Martin will remain in San Francisco.
while his wife and her sister-in-law will
brave the terrors of the Arctic. The
passengers by the two barks are:
Hark Alaska— W. S. Champion. John
Bherritt. E. O. Bates, W. A. Hayne Jr.
ana party, E. J. Davis, P. W. Duke and
varty. C. A. Haehl. C. W. Stader, W. A.
Kouse, Ehen Harris Sr., Frank Brazil. J.
E Rhodes, Thomas Fennell. Stewart Mc
<"lure. F. Bray, R. G. McKinzie. K. A.
Barclay, A. A. Eubanks, E. J. Pringle,
Hafry Chickering, Steven Sims, J. B.
..n and wife, T. T. Trushler, E. C.
ogton. E. C. Ifeaks, C. W. Bowman.
0 B llubbel. N. l6elmine. E. H. Black,
W. J. Phillips, Dr. Gale, O. M. Farwell,
T. A. Williams, H. Bauer. George F. Al
len Arthur E. Manchester, J. H. Aldrich.
mm A. Higgins, Albert F. Wood,
W. K. Ridgeway. W. F. Duryea. Charles
BrilS I>. Davenport. G. F. Madden, E. J.
Adams, L. I>. Ward, B. C. Donham. C. A.
. K. L. Taylor, H. Ricker, H. N.
Coyltis H. White, W. T. Putnam, Jacob
T. H. A bell, Robert P. Dey, Mrs.
Martin and party. W. W. Gingers, John
l>ahl. G. A. Killstrom, A. Brown, D. T.
McDaniel, Charles Johnson, W. H. Logan,
F. Jones, J. L. Dood, Jacob Blummer, J.
Knowlands and party, F. Harris, KDen
Har-
Bark Northern Light— John Miller, W.
Bremner. W. P. Thompson and wife, C.
W. Watkins, J. E. Sinclair. George C.
Sinclair, W. E. Smclair, B. Brunner, E.
H. Erck, James McDonald, J. H. Wygant,
James Clark. Archie McLeod. Thomas
Pearson, Lewis Lloyd, 11. Russell, D. W.
Leach, J. G. Williams, J. W. North,
Thomas L. Ford, Charles Mund, J. Hop
ley, James McCaw, B. M. Steele, G. W.
Pickett, Milton Latton, W. Meineeke,
Thomas Johnstone. F. Stetzner, Henry
Edwards, A. Joseph. Stanley Struva, Neil
McArthar, i. C. Meyers. J. W. Williams,
J. Foster, K. B. Cox, F. E. Smith, L. J.
W J. Clark, Edward H. Webb, A.
A. fc-aim>r.t. J. Silva. Doming Francisco,;
J. P. Miguel, Manuel de Mello. Foster
Ramos. Jara^s Ackema, J. H. Johnson,
W. Copven, Edward Morse, Harry Smith,
Thomas Johnson and party of six, B.
Johnson, Alexander Johnson and party of
twelve, Thomas Haight, J. Tammen and
party of twenty, James Ellison, John La.
Ford. Frank La Ford, George B. Allen,
Charles Taylor, J. Begquist, Charles
Leavitt and party, C. W. Samson and
party.
The Humboldt, scheduled to sail next
Saturday, should have been here a
couple of days ago. She has not been
reported from Seattle, but may be com
ing from Dyea and Skaguay to San
Francisco direct. The agents of the
vessel here think that she will get in
In time to take on board her passengers
and provisions and get away Saturday.
The steamer Whitelaw was to have
pot away several days ago, but owing
to the alterations not being completed
her departure has been postponed from
day to day. Yesterday she took on
board a large consignment of horses
and mules and one of the mules, in-
Btead of walking down the gangway.
walked overboard. He was swimming
about in the dock for over an hour and
a half before the boatmen succeeded
In getting a sling around him. when he
was hoisted on board. The Whitelaw
will take away over a hundred passen
gers and the men will find it pretty
quaru-rs before the voyage is
over.
The Umatilla arrived from Puget
Pound yesterday morning with one of
the cabin passengers in a straitjarket.
Walter G. Sawlabury got on board at
Taeoma and seemed rational enough
•when he was paying his passage mon
ey. He said that he had been drugged
and robbed in one of the Sound ports,
and had been feelingqueerever since. In
any event, when th<^ I'matllla was a
day out Salisbury went crazy. He
smashed all the furniture in his state
room, tore the sheets, bedding and
counterpane into strips, threw the
ramp stools overboard and was run
ning amuck when the sailors secured
him. After being confined in an empty
stateroom for about twelve hours he
p PPm pfi to be perfectly rational again
and was released. A few minutes later,
however, he was caught trying to
smash all the glassware in the dining
room, and he had to be again confined
in the stateroom. He will be turned
over to the Lunacy Commissioners, but
If they refuse to receive him he will
have to be taken back to Taeoma on
the Umatilla.
There was a fatal accident on the
schooner Gem as she was making port
last Tuesday night. When between
Lime Point and Fort Point August Ol
sen was knocked overboard by the
ma in bonm. There was very little wind
at the time and a boat was instantly
lowered, but an Olsen could not swim
h* spnk before the boat reached him.
Th<> deceased was a native of Norway,
about 35 years old.
Purchasing Agent Peterson and J. J.
Kelly, his assistant, have been re
moved by the Harbor Commissioners.
Wharfinger Angier gets Peterson's
place and William Ingram gets Kelly's.
Politics is said to be at the bottom of
the change.
The British ship Powys Castle, lying
at the Union Iron Works, was on fire
last Saturday. The cnrp<> at coal heat
ed, and the vessel's hold had to be half
filled with water before all danger was
past.
Beside His Brothers.
The Veteran Firemen, at the last mept
i:.K. decided to rrintor the remains of the
In.te Frank B. R. Whitney in the chief'?
plot of the Kx^mpt Firemen. A. J. Vlning
having obtained permission from the rela
tives of thr> d<-ad man. Whitney's re
mains lie in an unmarked and almost un
known grave. H<» was chief engineer of
the Howard Engine Company in 1^.7), and
wai the first chief engineer of the paid
fire department in 1866. He was promi
nently connected with the Dashaways,
and at the time of hip death was super
intendent of the Safe Deposit Company.
READY TO LEAVE FOR KOTZEBUE SOUND.
The barks Alaska and Northern Light and the stern-wheel steamer John Rilev will get away for the Arctic next
April. Both will be filled with enthusiastic gold-hunters who expect to discover another Klondike on the Kowak River.
TO CONTEST
THE BLITHE
DECISION
Another Threatening
Suit Is Formally
Launched.
Boswell Blythe Claims
He Is Heir to the
Estate.
A Discussion of the Validity of
International Treaties
Involved.
IS FLORENCE AN ALIEN?
The Legitimacy of Her Birth Is
Brought Into Ques
tion.
A complaint was filed in the Superior
Court yesterday morning contesting
Mrs. Florence Blythe-Hinckley's pos
session to the Blythe estate on the
grounds that she is of alien and ille
gitimate birth.
The latest claimant to the heirship
to the Blythe millions and the plaintiff
in the present complaint is Boswell
Blythe, son of the late James T. Blythe
and brother to Thomas H. Blythe.
The point that the attorneys of the
plaintiff will endeavor to prove is the
invalidity of the judgment granted to
Florence Blythe to the effect that she
was of alien birth and consequently
non-eligible to take possession or claim
any property in this State or country,
even though it be proven that she is the
legitimate daughter of Thomas Blythe.
She was born in England and this fact
is against her so the plaintiff in the
present complaint alleges as there is no
treaty existing between the United
States and Great Britain which pro
vides for the transfer of property of
native born or r aturalized citizens at
their death to alien heirs.
Although this agreement of nations
in favor of granting to the heirs of
relatives living in foreign countries
does not exist at present between this
country and England there is, however,
a trace of one dating as far back as
1700, but owing to the fact that since
this early period no attention has been
given toward a renewal of it the attor
neys for the present claimant aver that
Florence Blythe has no valid claim or
right to hold property in the United
States, she being at the time of the
death of Thomas Blythe a foreign-born
child, with whose country there is not
the least agreement or well-recognized
treaty.
This constitutes the main and prin
cipal Judicial technicality upon which
the present complaint is based, and is
an embodiment of sections 671 and 672
of the Civil Code. These sections of
the code are to the effect that any per
son, whether citizen or alien, may take
hold and dispose of property, real and
personal, within the State, provided
that the country within which they live
has a treaty with this country.
This, were Florence Blythe born in
any country but England, so the com
plaint states, would be sufficient guar
antee that she is entitled to the estate
as far as her birth is concerned, but be
ing an English-born subject, her claim
is necessarily null and void.
"When she knocked at the doors of
the civil courts of this State," eaid At
torney Holladay. "they had no right to
grant a Judgment in her favor, as they
knew, or should have known, that a
treaty between this country and Eng
land does not exist."
In the complaint filed yesterday, in j
addition to the fact of a non-existence
of an alien treaty between the two ;
countries — Its main and fundamental |
basis — a subordinate point of attnek
will be made in advancing an argument j
as to the illegitimacy of Florence
Blythe'fl birth.
Boswell Blythe stated yesterday that
as long nsa Kentucky Blythe is in ex- !
istence the present suit will be prose
cuted against Florence Rlyfh»-Tlinck
ley for the possession of the fortune j
granted to her by the judgment of Cali- |
fornia courts.
PROSECUTION
RESTS ITS CASE
Theodore Figel Will Now
Bring Forth His Wit
nesses.
Theodore Flgel, who is being tried for
the munler of Isaac Hoffman In Judge
Cook's court, admitted before Judge and
lury yesterday, through counsel, that he
had received over 118,000 which had not
been accounted for upon the books of the
firm. The statement was made voluntar
ily with the object in view of hurrying
/ THE SAX >R^y CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, "TJSBRITARY 17, 1898.
up matter? in the murder trial. It was
not admitted, however, that the money
was embezzled, but on the contrary, the
deiVnse stated that no crime had been
committed and that at the proper time
it would be clearly shown that although
no accounts were made of the transac
tions no money had been embezzled.
Judge Murphy, for the prosecution, was
not willing to accept the admissions, but
\\e was instructed by Judge Cook to re
ceive tbe admission and place it before
the Jury, as considerable time would be
saved thereby and it would take at least
six weeks to secure and examine wit
nesses for the purpose of proving the al
leged embezzlements. Judge Murphy
stated that he would accept the offer of
the defense to accommodate court and
jury.
From a memorandum furnished by Gen
eral Barnes, of the defense. Judge Mur
phy announced to the jury that Figel had
received amounts which had not been
accounted for, aggregating $9646 46. The
amount of $9077 13, which was stated in
the preliminary examination to have been
embezzled by the dpfondant. was also in
cluded in the admission, which made a
total of J15.732 f>9. Although it was ad
mitted by the defense that the sums had
been received and not accounted for by
Figel; the charge of embezzlement was
strenuously 'li-nied. It was distinctly
stipulated by the defense that the admis
sion of the receipt of the money should
be only in the present case and not to be
referred to in the embezzlement charges,
should they ever be brought before the
attention of the court.
After the receipt of the moneys had
been placed in evidence. Bernard Joseph,
who is in the office of Hoffman, Rothchild
& Co., was called, and testified that Figel
had frequently borrowed money from him
during the years of 1896 and IV«7. Isaac
Gellert was called and testified as to
the JftnOO receipt, but no new points were
brought out by the testimony of the wit
ness.
Charles F. Hunt of the Paris, London
and American Bank was called at the
o .;ing of the afternoon session to iden
tity the account of Hoffman, Rothchild
& Co. The defense admitted the account
from May IS, 1596, up to June 1, 1597. The
witness was followed by Edward S. Roth
child who stated, under examination,
that he had discovered that $9500 had been
drawn which had not been accounted for
He also said that the New York store and
the local branch store had jointly paid
the firm, above all expenses for the year
of IS%, a profit of $72,000. Under cross
examination the witness stated that Fijrel
had frequently drawn up and signed
drafts for the firm, but that the matter
was of no importance. Eleven deposit
tags of. the First National Bank were
then placed in evidence by the prose-
Then handwriting experts made their
appearance. George O. Mitchell. Peter D.
Horton and P. Eisenschimmel all testified
tvZ **£ S! S" a re of Isaac Hoffman on
the $9*o receipt was not genuine. Daniel
T. Ames, another expert, was called, but
did not make his appearance. While he
was being called Judge Murphy for the
prosecution stated that after the testi
mony of Ames had been given he would
rest his case if he found nothing of im
portance had been omitted after he had
read the testimony given by the various
witnesses examined. various
Ge th r / e^it usse v ! 1 "$£ that the hole
Rothchild & Co., the , office of Hoffman,
Rothchild & Co., alleged to be a bullet
-m *' XlK l ! aS b«en made larger and con
siderably changed since he saw it on the
afternoon of June 2. , Under cross-exam
ination he stated that the hole had been
made both wider and longer, but he was
not aware of the means used
m A " 1 l O1 !M ment was then 'taken until
10 o clock th s morning, when it is prob
able the testimony of Ames will be heard
and testimony introduced by the defense
From statements made by the counsel for
the defense it will be attempted to show
to the Jury that Isaac Hoffman conT
mitted suicide and that the body was n ™t
in the same condition after it had been
taken to the Morgue as it was on arrival
at the Receiving Hospital. ! It will be con
tended and evidence produced to show
that powder marks were easily seen on thS
face of the deceased at the time he was
taken to the hospital, but through The
operations all marks of Bel -destruction
were erased. Other testimony Sill be
brought forth tending to show that thl
defendant was the victim of clrcum
stances and that Isaac Hoffman dT
GROCERS AND TRAVELERS.
Officers Elected and Arrangements
Made for a Big Annual Picnic.
The Retail Grocers' Association held its
annual election of officers last evening in
the association rooms at 115 Clay street
Joseph A. Stulz was nominated for P res i
dent, but refused to serve until John C
Nobmann, who has B erved in that ca
pacity for the last six years, declined *o
act longer Stulz was then elected unan,°
mowrty v nd a Vote of thanks was tend
ered Nobmann for his long and va!i,w.
service. Supervisor Lackmann was e lectid
vice-president and E. I. FliegT? r *
elected secretary. Ker was re-
The Retail Grocers will hold their an
nuai picnic about May 18 nrohaL I
Schuetzf-n Park. The time and nlacXm
not be definitely decided upon untiTi
meeting Jf held between committees lof
the Retail Grocers and the Caiifr.rr,?i
Commercial Travelers, who will hold tht
picnic conjointly. The committees win
confer next Monday evening • eeß vvl "
The California Travelers " have gone
ahead at a rapid rate since they broke
away from the San Francisco Traveler!
and at the last two meetings have V. ken
ninety active and 600 honorary members
into membership. They will give an *£
hibition, ball and supper free fo the
trade, early next month. -
Champagne vStatisticn.
On account of its *u D erior quality and natural
dryness, without being heavy, O. H Mumm A
A BURGLARY THAT FAILED.
The Accidental Return of a Clerk Put
the Robbers to Flight.
The latest burglary to occupy the at
tentlon of the police was that committed
in the store of S. H. Nicholson a manu
facturer of flavoring extracts at 1155U
Market street, a week ago. The burglars
gained admittance by prying open aw*™
(low in the rear, and were busily engaged"
in ransacking the place when the loci
dentalreturn .of George Young, a clerk
employed there, scared. them off
By some manner or means they discov
ered that Mr. Nicholson was in the ha hit
of hiding money behind the bottles on
the shelves. In their hunt for the money
they moved nearly a hundred bottles "nit
without success. . '
the , fac-simile y^ j*** . „** *• on eVM T wrapper
iignature of Uut//ffi&cJW of CASTOKIA.
DRUGGED AND
ROBBED BI
A STRINGER
Experience of Thomas
Cunningham of
San Mateo.
Drank a Glass of Whisky
and Became Un
conscious.
Met His Despoiler While He
Was Walking Along Market
Street.
SEEKS SHELTER IN PRISON
The Unfortunate Man Was Left
Penniless in a Strange
City.
Thomas D. Cunningham, a recent ar
rival from San Mateo. reported to the
police last night that he had been
drugged and robbed in some lodging
house on Mission street, near Fourth.
According to his story he arrived here
with a hundred and fifty dollars, and
while walking along Market street he
met a stranger who claimed he had
been introduced to him in San Mateo.
Cunningham invited the stranger to
have a drink and they visited a saloon
which, he claims, was in the vicinity
of Third and Mission streets. After a
short conversation his new-found
friend volunteered to accompany him
to his room. While there Cunningham
claims the stranger went outside, but
returned in a few minutes with a drink
of whisky, which he claimed he had
purchased in a neighboring saloon.
After drinking the whisky Cunning-
ham became unconscious and re
mained in that condition for some
time. When he awoke he found that
his money had been taken, as well as
a valise containing his clothing.
Penniless and without friends Cun
ningham last night visited the office of
the Chief of Police and begged the ser
geant in charge to give him a place to
sleep. He was taken to the City
Prison, where he was provided with a
night's lodging.
To a reporter Cunningham said that
after meeting the stranger he partook
of several drinks, and, becoming intox
icated, he started for his room. The al
leged robber volunteered to accompany
him on the way and he asked him if
he had any money. Cunningham re
plied that he had $150, and had just ar
rived from San Mateo, where he was
engaged in business. After reaching
the room the stranger suggested that
they have another drink, and before
Cunningham could reply he left the
room after announcing he would return
in a few minutes. When he again ap
peared he had a glasa of whisky
which looked rather dark.
Becoming suspicious, Cunningham
asked him where he had purchased the
liquor, when the stranger said he had
got it from a friend who ran a saloon
near the lodging-house. Immediately
after drinking it Cunningham fell
asleep. He awoke several hours later
and found his money and clothing
gone.
To-day It is expected he will have re
covered from the effects of the drug,
when two detectives, who have been
detailed on the case by Captain Bohen,
will endeavor to get from him the loca
tion of the house in which he was
robbed.
EVILS OF SLOT MACHINES.
Newsboys Who Spend Their Nickels
to Get Cigarettes.
Chief of Police Lees has reopened the
war on nlckel-ln-the-slot machines, and
has instructed the police to arrest all
persons who offer cash prizes as, an In
ducement to use their machines. War
rants have already been sworn out in
three rases.
Judge Campbell has drawn attention to
another form of vice In connection with
the machines, which he thinks should Re
stamped out at once. He had occasion
to go to the market about 6 o'clock yes
terday morning, and while passing a
cipar-store on the corner of Geary and
Market streets he saw four or five news
boys dropping their nickels in the ma
chine. One of the boys came up to him
and said he had got a straight flush, and
when the JudK« asked him what he got
for It he replied that it meant seventeen
packages of cigarettes.
The Judge severely reprimanded the
cigar man, and told him if a policeman
had been in sight he would have given
him in charge. The Judge brought the
matter to the attention of Chief Lees,
who- will take steps to stop the evil.
Bey. Dr. Rader Will Lecture.
Rev. William Racier of the Third Con
gregational Church, San Francisco, will
deliver his interesting and instructive
lecture, "Love, Courtship and Marriage,"
In Park Church, Lorln, Thursday evening,
February 24, IS9B.
THEY FEAR
FOUL PLAY
Strange Disappearance of
a New York Book
keeper.
A. L. Sykes, a Recent Arrival,
Drops Out of
Sight.
His Friends Fear That He Has Been
Murdered for His
Money.
A. L. Sykes, bookkeeper for the In
stantaneous Gas Heating Company of
New York, is among the missing, and
his friends fear that he has been mur
dered.
Sykes arrived here last Thursday
night from New York, intending to sail
on the Alice Blanchard for the Klon
dike, where he was to represent the
Instantaneous Gas Heating Company.
He took a room in the Baldwin Hotel
and made arrangements for his pas
sage on the vessel. He had a letter of
recommendation to General Malonal
sky of 1920 Pine street, and to him he
delivered the letter and told of his in
tended trip to Alaska,
Last Sunday afternoon he was to go
to the general's house to get the money
to buy the necessary provisions and
also to pay his fare to the gold regions.
He failed to show up, however, and
General Malonalsky suspecting some
thing wrong sent a friend to the Bald
win to see what had become of him. He
was not in his room, and the clerk
professed to know nothing as to hig
whereabouts. An examination of the
room showed that his effects were still
there, but there was no trace of the
missing man.
Last night S. Rosendorf, a friend of
General Manolasky, visited police head
quarters and invoked the aid of the
Chief of rolioe in finding the missing
bookkeeper. He described Sykes as be
ing about five feet ten inches in height
and weighing about 160 pounds. He has
a black mustache, and wore a blue
sack coat and dark trousers. Rosen
dorf is firmly convinced that Sykes has
been foully dealt with.
After listening to his story Chief Lees
at once detailed a detective to find the
missing man.
When last seen Sykes was walking
along the water front, evidently in
search of the vessel on which he in
tended to sail. Subsequently he met a
longshoreman, who volunteered to es
cort him to the steamer. After reach
ing the vessel he inquired of one of
the officers when it would sail. He told
him that the steamer was to leave
Monday afternoon. Sykes said he had
already procured his ticket and
would have his baggage ready be
fore sailing time. He informed the offi
cer that he was staying at the Baldwin
Hotel, and was anxious to see a friend
before leaving the city. He then board
ed a Market street car, since which
time he has not beon seen.
Visited by Scholars.
A class from the Lick School of Me
chanical Arts, piloted by Professor Ray
mond, made a tour of the various de
partments at the City Hall yesterday and
expressed much interest in the workings
of municipal government.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
A Steamer Libeled.
James G. Barron and William Oleson
filed a libel yesterday in the United States
District Court against the steamer Mount
Eden to recover $3«7 alleged to be due
them as seamen's wages.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOOD
HEALTH
<Is the ■working capital of humanity. He who
! loses that is wrecked indeed. Is your health
I falling you, your strength, ambition, vigor,
i manliness wasting away?
/ £ \ r *
DR. sweany.
F#r the speedy, safe and permanent cure of all
NERVOUS, CHRONIC AND PRIVATE
' Diseases of Men and Women. ' '
| YOUNG- MEN. Unnatural drains, caused
through abuses, errors of youth or excesses,
quickly and permanently stopped.
He restores lost vigor and vitality to WE
MXX. Organ* of the body which have been
weakened and are small or shrunken through
disease, overwork, excesses or indiscretions are
restored to perfect health, strength, full power
and vitality through his new and original sys-
tem of treatment. BUPTUBE cured by : his
new method, without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, ; sure and . permanent
cure. YAKICOCKLE, hydrocele. swelling and
tenderness of the glands treated . with unfail-
ing success. SYPHILIS in any of its stages
thoroughly eradicated from the system.
LADIES will receive special attention for all
their many ailments. WRITE if you cannot
"^CONSULTATION FKEE at office or by
letter. A valuable book. "Guide to Health,"
free. F.L. SWEANY. M. p.. 737 Market St.,
opp. Grant avo., San Francisco, Cal. -
ELY'S CREAM BALM Is a positive onre.
Apply into the nostrils. It is quickly absorbed. 60
• cents at Prnssristi' or by mail ; samples 10c. by mall.
ELY BKOTHn^rOO V.Tr-n Ft.. New York City.
HE A CNESS HEAD NOISES CURED
'Uli BPiiuuntly. Oar INVISIBLE TUBE Cushion*
■#■■■■■ help when nil rise fails, as (.'lasses help eyes.
Belf-adjuftiner. So Pain. Whispers heard. Sendtornre;
r. IliMKl*., I&8 B-w»y, X.V.. for Book and Proofs Fit EC
'"■,-■■■.:■ ■■ '... . . . - .■..--...■:."■■. "•'
Directory or
alaska
MINING ROCKERS. \
Mining
Rockers.
*\- —^
— " "
PRICE REDUCED.
Indispensable In prospecting. A fortune may
be lost without it. "Weighs only 33 pounds.
Folds up to carry easily. Does the work per-
fectly. Practical, economical. Everybody buys
one since we cut down price to $7 00.
dMETHC
CASH STORE
RELIABLE OUTFITTERS- EVERYTHING HERE.
25-27 Market St., Near the Water Front
JTRANSPORTATIOP^
SKAGUAY
AndDYEA
The Elegant Fast Steamer
HUMBOLDT
Will Sail on or About
FEBRUARY 17th.
For passage and freight, apply at once to
JOHN A. MAGEE JR.,
'■ --^ Agent, 310 Clay St.
AMUSEMENTS.
fUEBUUUKfI OOTTIOB aCS ussuj
ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY,
The Famous Original BOSTONIANS,
Barnabee & Mac Donald, Proprietors.
Direction Frank L. Perley. '
Presenting for the first time here
"THE SERENADE!"
V" v NEXT WEEK,
. Last Performances of
"THE SERENADE."
Seats now selling for all remaining perform-
ances of this opera. . ;
*&o&vmJta cftilaZrt
YFRIEOtANOER GOniOß&CuiVi* •**««•«»
This Week Only.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Harry Corson Clarke,
And His* Own Excellent Comedy Company, In
: George H. Broadhurst's Farce,'
"WHAT HAPPENED TO JONES."
NOTE— of the "Jones"— Friday night
"JONES NIGHT"— all be there.
EXTRA !
NEXT MONDAY. February 21,
. The Accomplished Actress
MARIE WAINWRIGHT,
. In the New Domestic Drama Called
"SHALL WE FORGIVE HER."
SEATS NOW READY.
#RiCOLANOEO 60TUOBaC o u»sus tnumn
SECOND AND LAST WEEK!
BLACK PATH TROUBADOURS!
NEW FEATURES -
COON SONGS '■'': COON COMEDY
JUBILEE SHOUTS OPERATIC REVIEWS
Last Performance Next Sunday. Night..
—THE TALK OF THE CITY—
FILSON and ERROL, society sketch artists:
WANRELL and MAZZI. operatic stars; MAUD
BEAL PRICE, vocalist and mimic; ADEL-
MAN and LOWE, musical specialties; AL
WILSON, German comedian: FILLIS' DOGS,
the canine wonders; CLIVETTE. silhouette
artist- BROTHERS DAMM, eccentric acro-
bats; AMERICAN BIOGRAPH, new scenes.
Last Three Nights of the Reigning Sensation,
THF. GREAT GAUTIER.
Reserved seats. 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box seats, BOc.
MOROCCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager
Second Week of the Popular Sterling Actor,
' HARRY MAINHALt,'
In Bronson Howard's Great War Drama,
The First' Production in This City at Popular
Prices.
A Strong Play With New People In the Cast.
Grand Stage and Scenic Effects.
Evening Prices, 10c. 25c, 50c. Matinees Satur-
day and Sunday.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
— cal/fornia jockey clvb —
Winter meeting, 1897-98. Beginning MONDAY,
February 7, to February 19, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
RACES START AT 2:16 P. M. SHARP.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m.
and 12:30. 1:00, 1:30, 2:00, 2:30 and 3 p. m.,
connecting with train stopping at the entrance
to track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell
Mound. Returning — Trains leave the Track at
4:15 and 4:45 p. m., and immediately after the
last race. THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., Pre».
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
JTRANSPORTATION-Continued.
ALASKA YUKON
TRANSPORTATION CO.,
CARRIERS OF PASSENGERS AND FREIGHT TO
ALASKA PORTS.
NO CONNECTION WITH ANY TRADING ESTAB-
LISHMENTS.
3 STEUART STREET, San Francisco.
 Al CLIPPER BARK,
3SrOK,TH[EI^N- LIGHT, '
Captain Joseph Whiteslde, Commanding.
Will Sail for •
K.OTZEOUE SOUND,
'I" ■ ALASKA GOLD FIELDS.
MAY 1O ---- 1898,
Passage $200, Including 3000 lbs. baggage*
$50 now will secure passage, balance before
April 1. IS3S.
Address CAPT. B. COGAN.
44 East St., San Francisco.
STAKE a claim In Alaska— lsoo feet; no
royalties, duties, etc. Yukon River boats of
Alaska Transportation Co., 224 Montgomery st.,
S. F. , tarry at all gold districts from Mynoolc
to the Klondike. Our folder tells all about
gold fields of Yukon Basin. Engage transport
tation before too late. . >
FOR Kotzebue Sound— The bark J. A. Falken.
burg will sail on or about May 10, IMS. Fare.
Including 2500 pounds baggage or freight, $200.
Passengers will apply early to LT.VDE A
HOUGH CO., 40 California St., San Francisco,
or to A. H. -Herriman, general manager,' 201
Front St.. San Francisco.
GAS ENGINES.
UNION GAS ENGINE CO.
339 HOWARD STREET.
GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
_ SLEDS. BOATS, ETC.
ARCTIC sleds, Arctic dogs, Yukon boats,
pilot maps to the Klondike. Alaska outfits,
steam launches and stern-wheel steamers, with
boilers suitable to burn wood; 50 boats can ha
seen at salesroom. G. W. KNEASS, 718 Third
st. 'Phone Red 2361.
SLEEPING BAGS.
KLONDIKE SLEEPING BAGS!
Klondike Sleeping Bags. The only bag mada
that will not crack from frost or leak. Sold at
factory prices. V? Spear St.. San Francisco.
MINING SUPPLIES.
W. W. MONTAGUE & CO.,
HEADQUARTERS FOR
MINING SUPPLIES. CAMPING OUTFITS,
311 TO 317 .MARKET STREET.
__J». ,& B. PRODUCTS.^
P. & B. BUILDING 'PAPER and P. & B.
READY ROOFING, sold by all first-class deal,
ers, are clean, odorless, of great strength, rea-
sonable in price and easy to transport. They
keep heat, cold, dampness and dust out of; .
buildings; are particularly adapted to Alaskan
trade. PARAFFINE PAINT CO., 116 Battery
st. Tel. No., Main 1763. . '
MEDIC i NFS. "_ . -
DON'T GO TO THEYIONDIKE
OR anywhere else without a supply of
PRATT'S ABOLITION OIL. the never-failing
remedy for Rheumatism, Neuralgia, - Lama
Back and all lameness and pain. For sale by
all druggists. A. McBOYLE. & CO., Druggists,
504 Washington st.
LIME CORDIAL.
Lime Cordial especially prepared for th«
Alaska, etc., trade. Preventive and cure for
scurvy, etc. LUKE G. SRESOVICH & CO.,
Agents. 511 to 523 Sansome St., San Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mbs. Ernestine Kkelixg. Proprietor & Manager
EVERY EVENING.
The Success of Successes, '■•
"SAID PASHA."
A great cast, Beautiful Scenery, Elegant
Costumes, Gorgeous Accessories.
Every Number Doubly Encored.
Next opera— Milloecker's nautical succeu.
'THE- VICE-ADMIRAL." <-«».
Popular prices Re an a $*,
BOX OFFICE ALWAYS OPEN.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
"YOU ARE NOT IN IT"
UNLESS YOU SEE
"CHARLEY'S AUNT!"
LAST WEEK! LAST NIGHTS t
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY!
Prices 15c, 25c. 35c and Wo
THE GRANDEST EXHIBITION OF
california's PIONEERS.
Mining Fair
AT MECHANICS' PAVILION.
Open 10 A. M. to 5 P. M. and 7:30 to 10:30 P. M.
HAVE YOU HEARD ROGERS?
The Greatest Cornetist of the Age. Also Ben-
• •' nett's Band of Soloists.
CONCERTS AFTERNOON- AND NIGHT.
SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS TO-DAY. ■
THE HEWITTS, Running Globe Marvels.
Exciting Soap-wrapping Contest. Performing
Bears. ■■■-..:
TO-MORROW— Another Souvenir Spoon Day|
nearly all gone.. Don't miss "Spoon Day."
FRIDAY NlGHT— "Battle of Gettysburg."
. SUNDAY will be Scandinavian Day at the
Fair. >- -; , --.'. :
Admission 2oc. Children, 15c. ;.
HURRY, IF YOU HAVE NOT SEEN HER!
FOR THIS IS THE LAST WEEK OF
THE MICROSCOPIC MARVEL.
CHIQUITA
She Is but One-third the Size , of Mr. or Mrs,
General Tom Thumb.
THE CHUTES —
Every Afternoon and Evening,
Rain or Shine. •
10c to all, including Vaudeville; children, 5c
CW VMDIA Corner of Meson and
UL,YiYIfIA Eddy Street*. >;■:
The Most Beautiful Music Hall in America.
BYRON and BYRON, THE JACKSON'S.
COUNCH. : MABEL LLOYD. PURITA, ! HOW-
ARD and a great olio by artists. Admission
free. House heated. . , . ■• ■■ ■■-;-■.
DR.jraULTY.
T'HI3 WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLI»
Specialist cures Private, Nervons.Bloorf and Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
"20 years' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9to 3
daily toB.3oev'sr.s. Sunday*, 10 to 12. Consulta- I
tion free and sacredly confidential Call or address
• - - P. ROSCOE i|o\ll,iT. 'I. !>-.
26' 3 Kearn.T Street. Nan Francisco. r«L
Q vi«it DR. JORDAN'S G«*t
rtlfn Museum of Anatomy
. IB|| IC5l KASZET ST. tat. 6ti ft 7th, S. 7. Cil.
4.^J*B The l,»rg«stofil»klndintli's World.
l^a|\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
IfWj Coniultmtlon fr«. Writ, for B.ok
\\ | (^Philosophy of Marriag«i
:£.: £. • D ;■'}" • - MAILED FREE. •
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA ; BITTERS. :THB
great Mexican : Remedy: gives health tod
strength to the sexual organs.
78
PELLIEUX
HINTS AT
EARLY WAR
Creates a Sensation at
the Trial of
Zola.
Intimates That France
May Soon Need Her
Army.
"Danger Is Perhaps Nearer
Than the People Believe,"
He Says.
DEFENSE OF ESTERHAZY.
The General Insists That the Acquitted
Man Was Not a Traitor to
His Country.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Feb. 16.— The Palais of Jus
tice on the ninth day of the trial of M.
Emile Zola and Perrieux was crowded
as usual. The presiding judge re
jected M. Clemenceau's request of yes
terday that he appoint a magistrate to
question Mme. de Boulancey if among
the letters she has from Major Ester
hazy there is not one containing the
following expressions:
Firstly, "General Saussier (then the
commander-in-chlef of the French
army and military governor of Paris)
is a clown. In our country the Ger
mans would not show him in a circus."
Secondly, "If the Prussians got as far
as Lyons they might throw away their
guns and keep only their riding whips
to drive the French in front of them? v
M. Laborie, counsel for H. Zola, re
nounced the examination of the mem
bers of the Esterhazy court-martial,
but he energetically demanded that
General Billot, the Minister for War,
be called to testify. The presiding
judge, M. Delgarogue, invited M. Labo
rie to present a conclusion to that ef
fect.
General Pellieux, who conducted the
Investigation into the charges brought
against Major Esterhazy, created a j
sensation by protesting against the ac- i
ceptance of the "evidence of amateur
experts who have not seen the original
bordereau," adding that he also desired
to raise his voice in the most emphatic
manner against slanders which are cal- ;
culated to destroy confidence in the
hands of the army at a time when dan
ger is perhaps nearer than people be- |
lieve."
This statement of the general had a
marked effect in court. General Pel- i
lieux said the first facsimile which ap
peared in the Matin was the nearest
correct of all. He added that there
was writing on both sides of the pa- ;
per, which was flimsy, and he be
lieved that when the bordereau was pho
tographed, it was impossible to pre- i
vent the writing on the reverse side ;
from showing through. As the ink
used was somewhat faint, the wit- !
ness thought it necessary to touch up !
the writing in order to render it more i
distinct.
Continuing, General Pellieux said he |
considered the proceedings showed that i
the defense attached no weight to the '
evidence of the sworn experts who had !
seen the original bordereau, and had !
compared it with the acknowledged :
handwriting of the accused, while the '■
testimony of amateurs, one a dentist \
and another a foreigner, was received
with full confidence.
"Such tactics do not surprise me,"
added the general, "since they were
foreshadowed in my office by Matthieu |
Dreyfus, when bringing charges j
against Major Esterhazy. I asked him |
if he desired a second expert report
on th^ bordereau. As he did not re
ply, I concluded that If the expert ex
amination had not been favorable to
him, he would have demanded an
other.
"For some time there has been much
talk of handwriting, people discussing
who could have written the bordereau, i
Well. I will prove to you here, with the !
papers in my hand, that the officer '
who wrote the bordereau belonged to the i
ministry of war, was an artilleryman
and was seconded for service on ths !
Btaff."
The statement of General Pellieux
caused a sensation. M. Laborie here
interrupted the witness, saying:
"I ask that Colonel Picquart, who I
is at the present moment at the house \
of Magistrate Berliese, be summoned to i
hear this evidence."
"It is not your turn to speak," re
plied the presiding Judge.
M. Laborie, however, returned to the
charge, protesting and insisting that j
Colonel Picquart be called. When Gen- j
Pellieux was allowed to continue
his evidence he said:
"An analysis of the bordereau indi
cates that only an artillery officer at
tached to the war ministry could have
known the facts or have used the
technicalities employed in the border
eau. An Infantryman could never In !
his life have spoken of the things of
which the bordereau speaks. (Sensa
tion.;
"And now." exclaimed the general
raising his voice, "what remains of ali i
this fabric? Not much. Yet they ac- i
cuse officers of acquitting a guilty man j
in pursuance of orders." (Prolonged i
Bensation.)
The general also said: "I have the'
soul of a soldier, which revolts at hear- !
ing the infamous aspersions showered
upon us, and I can keep silence no
longer. I cannot stand still and see
men trying to detech the army from I
its chiefs, for, if the soldiers cease to I
have confidence in them, what will the |
chiefs do in the day of danger, which
18, perhaps, nearer than people think? <
Then, gentlemen of the jury, your sons |
would be led to simple butchery but at '
the same time M. Zola will have gained ;
a fresh victory and will have achieved !
a new debacle and will be able to la" :
his history before Europe, from which !
France has been wiped out.
The effect of this outburst was In- i
tense. In conclusion General Pellieux
said: I
"We should have been glad if the I
court-martial had acquitted Dreyfus !
as it would have shown there was no
traitor in the army for ali of us to ]
raournp."
Leaving the witness stand the gen
eral was long and loudly cheered.
Atfi-aneee made on furniture and pianos, with j
or without removal. J. Neman, 1017-1023 Mission. I
Nominations Confirmed.
WASHINGTON. Feb. IG.-The Senate
'o-day confirmed the following nomln- j
ations: To be Consuls-E. S. Cunning- i
Jit? 1 , r Tennessee, at Aden, Arabia, j
Chief Justice Supreme Court of Okla- i
homa, John H. Burford, and Bayard T i
Hanner to be Associate Justice.
UNLAWFUL
COMBINE OF
RAILROADS
Southern Pacific and
Santa Fe Pool
Interests.
Interstate Commerce Reg
ulations Violated in
California.
Southern Part of the State in
the Grip of a Merciiess
Monopoly.
HUNTINGTON'S HAND SEEN
Evidence That He Is Directing Traffic
Arrangements for Both
Lines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 16.— Signs more
[ convincing than words, written or
; spoken, convince the people of South
1 crn California that the two great rail
way corporations — the Southern Pacific
and Santa Fe — have combined to make
the State pay the highest tribute that
i the population can bear. It is no
longer a secret that C. P. Huntington
and E. P. Ripley, presidents respective
ly of these two companies, have had
conferences on the subject. On more
i than one occasion J. C. Stubbs has
! spoken with authority from Hunting
ton with respect to traffic regulations
lin this particular field. Mr. Stubbs
is the advocate and apostle of that
gospel of railroading which teaches
that everything which the land pro
| duces and the sea yields should be
taxed in hauling all that the traffic
can bear. The devotion of Mr. Stubbs
to this principle of conducting railroad
business contributed much to make
the Southern Pacific, in the minds of
Californians, the most odious and de-
I spised of all corporations.
When laws and public protests failed
to give the people relief from the ex
actions of a strongly intrenched mo
: nopoly, the oppressed producers of Cal
ifornia turned their gaze to the East
to watch for the approach of a com
peting road.
The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe
seemed to have more of the spirit "f j
development in its management, to be j
animated by more intelligence in its '
policy of extension than any other j
Eastern road tending this way, and no j
itj approach was hailed with especial
delight.
Never did a railway enter a field wth
BO much popular favor as the Santa Fe |
: found in coming to California. Fig
uratlvely speaking, California went oat j
to the desert to meet the builders and j
i tender them franchises, l^nds, conces-
I Bions, rights of way, deep water ter
minals and assurances of public sup
port. Could the value of all that was
tendered and accepted be computed on
a cash basis it would make a sum of
money equal to the cost of construct- i
ing a parallel line on the whole system '
of the Santa Fe between the Colorado !
River and the Pacific Ocean.
The Santa Fe for years fulfilled the j
expectations of the people. New indus
tries were brought forth in the State, j
cities grew and thriving towns multi- j
plied. The traffic increased and the j
railway corporation under the effect- j
ive administration of the old Santa Fe j
management was gratified. Stories of \
the wonderful development of Southern
California spread throughout the world.
People living north of Tehachapi talked
of returning prosperity and reasoned
that it would not come until railway
competition brought it.
So much for a brief review of events
immediately following the extension of
the Santa Fe system to Los Angeles,
San Diego, Riverside and San Bernar
dino.
A change significant and ominous has
taken place. The public is no longer
in the confidence of the Santa Fe. The
corporation once regarded as liberal
and progressive has gone by degrees
down the grade until it has reached
Stubbs' class in the ethics of traffic.
It is not all surprising that the first
signs of the change were noted by the
agents of the Santa Fe. It had been
their pleasure to meet communities half
way and make concessions where the
points conceded would please the public
and not deprive the road of profit, j
When instructions from headquarters j
advised against doing this thing for one
town and that for another they began
to talk in whispers.
It was surmised that motives of econ
omy caused the withdrawal of all time
card advertisements from the newspa
pers along the line of the road. The
newspapers are not affected to speak of
by such curtailment of advertising ex
penses, but travelers in haste to ascer
tain the exact time of train arrival or
departure have to hustle around to find
a hotel clerk or railroad ticket agent to
get the desired Information.
The Southern Pacific nature of a
time-card advertisement was based on
a peculiar system of rewarding merit.
If the paper constantly praised Mills,
from whom all passes flow, and went
Into a rhapsody of delight when C. P.
Huntington paid his annual visit to
California, the editor was a good man
whose ideas of journalism should be en
couraged. The Santa Fe advertise
ments went to the press under different
conditions. The company, so far as the
press knew, had no Mills to praise and
no Huntington to exalt. The time-card
publication was a public convenience.
The idea of .public convenience has un
dergone a change. It Is now given out
that if the publication of a time-card
"ad" Is a public convenience the news
papers Rhould publish it for the conve
nience of the public.
Trains were formerly moved with
some regard to the convenience of the
traveling public. Now the schedules j
are arranged, so far as one chief point
in Southern California is concerned, so
as to impose the greatest annoyance
possible on the tourists who are num
bered by the thousands. To catch the
morning train out of Coronado the
traveler must rise at 5:30 o'clock in or
der to get his breakfast and cross on j
the ferry to the railway station In San !
Diego. If the passenger can get his i
baggage to the station in time to catch
the train his trunks go along, if not,
they await until another train goes.
The Santa Fe no longer considers that
it collected from San Diego in a short
time the sum of $12,000 for extra bag
gage.
When the promoters of the Los An
geles Fiesta and the San Diego Water
Carnival asked the Santa Fe to stand
in with a contribution to help along the
enterprises, a cold refusal to entertain
the proposition was eiven by the cor- j
THE SA3^ FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARr 17, 18SJ8.
CRAZY MOTHER
CUTS OUT HER
BABY'S TONGUE
Annoyed by the Little One's
Wailings, She Silences It
Forever.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 16.— A story of cruelty so inhuman that one is
appalled at the very thought of it came to the attention of District At
torney E. B. Martinelli to-day. It was nothing' more nor less than an
account of a mother cutting off the tongue of a child because the in
fant annoyed her by crying. In extenuation of this horrifying act on
the part of the woman, it is said that she is insane, and does not realize
the enormity of the crime that has made out of a live, healthy child a
creature without the power of articulation, a mute who must go
through life bearing the burden of a mother's fiendish deed.
Never before in the annals of Marin County has a case similar to
this been brought to the attention of the authorities, and just what ac
tion will be taken has not yet been decided upon. The story is best told
in the words of Assistant District Attorney Murray, who learned of the
circumstances through a Mrs. Cornwall of Nicasio, where all the par
ties to the affair reside.
"I was driving along the county road near Nicasio with Mrs. Corn
wall," paid Murray, "and we were talking about some case when Mrs.
Cornwall said that there was a case in Nicasio that would proobably be
brought to the attention of District Attorney Martinelli. I asked
her about it, and she told me that a woman living about one mile from
Nicasio, on the Lucas graded road, had cut the tongue out of her
youngest child. The infant had been crying too much, and she took this
method of stopping the noise.
"We drove along and she eaid she would point out the house and
the woman to me, but she said she did not know her name, as she had
been there only about a year. When we came to the shanty, which I
should say had about two rooms in it, judging from the size, she told
me to look. I saw a woman driving a cow. She looked wild, was
poorly clad and had heavy boots on. She walked along, yelling at
her cow. I saw one of the children, who was clad in scant clothing."
The family moved from Oregon to Nicasio, which is on the line of
the North Pacific Coast road, about ten miles from San Rafael, and
took up their home in a shanty about one mile from the town. When
they first came down they brought five children along, and left them
at the place while they went back to Oregon, presumably for the rest,
for there are eight children in the family.
When they left the five children at Nicasio and went north, the lit
tle ones were as wild as Indians, and scampered out of sight on the ap
proach of strangers. The people about Nicasio were mystified and at
tempted to feed the children that they might not starve. The little ones
were roughly clad, and the rags hung about them in ribbons. They
lived on acorns and what little wild fruit they could gather. At last
the neighbors, seeing their pitiful condition, would leave the food near
the shanty, and, after their benefactors were out of sight, the children
would steal up and eat it. This was repeated until the parents of the
children returned from Oregon with the rest of the family.
For a year the family has lived near Nicasio in poverty, filth and
distress, and now comes the story of the cutting out of the tongue of
the youngest child to add to the other disgusting details.
The mother is unquestionably crazy. Judge Miller, who lives in that
section, said that some time ago he saw the woman roaming about the
woods near Fairfax, about three miles from here, with only a pair of
boots on. She was nude and acted in a crazy manner. She is tall, being
about six feet in height. She is said to be a cousin of Frank Bernard,
a Portuguese who is frequently in trouble. His occupation is that of
selling wood and at this he makes a hand-to-mouth living.
poraticm. The figures are not at pres
ent available to show what Los An
geles has done for the Santa Fe, but
the fourth annual report of the Board
of Directors of the San Diego Land and
Town Company (the Santa Fe syndi
cate) which was made in 1890 and pub
lished in Boston in IS9I clearly shows
that the company then had derived $1,
882,841 from the sale of one-third of the i
lands which the public-spirited people i
of San Diego gave in their generosity j
to the Santa Fe corporation.
It is not wide of the mark of actual
fact to estimate that Southern Cali
fornia gave to secure the extension of
the Santa Fe into this territory lands
which have since been sold for a sum j
equaling the cost of the road's con
struction from Barstow to Ran Diego.
The cost of building from Barstow to
San Diego was $3,000,000.
Space is not available for a history j
of the events preceding the donation, j
Before the war a railroad was projected j
from Memphis to San Diego. After the |
war Tom Scott, with the Texas Pa
cific, entered the arena and San Diego's
hopes were shattered when Scott had to j
abandon his plans for a continental
road.
When President Nickerson of the |
Santa Fo system came forward with :
promises, made in good faith, it is be- j
lieved. to- establish and maintain great j
terminal facilities of his line on the bay I
of San Diego, the leading men of the
city — in fact, citizens of all classes
gave him everything he desired. In ef
fect the people of Southern California
built the road, and hence it came to
be regarded as an institution friendly
to the people. Sentiment figured In the
receipts of the road. Passengers went
rrut of their way to travel on the line,
and shippers gave it business because
the road stood In with the people.
When the friendly attitude of the i
Santa Fe was changed to one of indif- |
ference the people of San Diego fancied
that the new management under the
reorganization effected by the Union
Trust Company of New York had some
special grievance against their city,
but when they began to inquire into
the facts and receive information in
confidence they ascertained that the
policy of the company had changed.
They were informed that Mr. Ripley
did not favor the system of develop
ment which was inaugurated when the
road entered the State. It was ex
plained that he disliked excursions be
cause they bunched the travel. As for
train accommodations, he would not I
provide them unless the volume of pas
senger business justified the provision.
Men who are in position to know
what Is going on inside are pretty cer
tain that C. P. Huntington has more
to say in the management of the Santa
Fe system than President Ripley.
Things have come to such a condition
that shippers cannot select the route
of shipment. Recently a Riverside
shipper ordered several carloads of
freight sent to Chicago by the Santa
Fe. He was told that it could not be
done, as the Santa Fe had had its share
of business from that point for the pe
riod and the Southern Pacific was en
titled to the haul.
Again, the Santa Fe has been in
creasing rates on freight. When freight
rates are advanced it is a pretty sure
sign that Stubbs has infected the man
agement. Apart from any speculation
as to Stubbs' influence in making rates
for Southern California shippers, the
fact stands out clearly that the pro
gressive policy of dealing with the pub
lic which made the road popular and
prosperous under the Nickerson re
gime has been abandoned and Southern
Pacific methods of inciting ill will and
public discontent have been introduced.
There is talk to the effect that the
English stockholders who are supposed
to control the situation here sought
Huntington's friendly counsel and ad
vice, but this may be mere conjecture.
It is probably nearer the mark to as
sert that Mr. Ripley, whose genius as a
railroad man is not exceptionally brill
iant, is outclassed by C. P. Huntington.
From an authentic source it is
ascertained that the pool, so far as
it related to orange shipments, was
established to embrace the orchard
product of Southern California for the
season of 1897. A semblance of com
petition was put forward and to some
extent it was genuine, as the refrig
erator companies contending for the
employment of their respective cars
had not been admitted to the secrets
of the combine, and, therefore, so
licited traffic in 1897 with some vigor.
Subsequently the C. F. and X., con
trolled by Earl; the Fruit G rowers Ex
press, controlled by Armour, and the
Santa Fe Fruit and Refrigerator Line,
managed by the Santa Fe, were
brought into an agreement not to fight
each other. No attention now is paid
to a shipper's request that an Earl or
Armour refrigerator ear be used.
Everything is included in the pool and
the railroad combine takes the car that
happens to be on the sidetrack near
est the point of shipment.
The assertion was made to-night by
a leading man from New York that
there was an agreement in writing, but
that it may not be signed. The com
pact embraces too many points and
involves so many propositions that a
mere verbal understanding would not
be acceptable. The combine embraces
the passenger traffic, as well as rates
on oranges and lemons. This man,
who knows what he is talking about,
but will not permit the use of his name
in a published interview at the present
time, said:
•'The Interstate Commission could by
active effort ascertain that the South
ern Pacific recently gave to the Santa
Fe a check for $10,000 to adjust a
month's dealings in passenger busi
ness."
The further significant fact Is de
veloped that the Santa Fp, which for
merly handled from 60 to 80 per cent
of the oranges and lemons, is now 900
cars short of the Southern Pacific in
this season's business. The crop for
shipment this year requires 11,000 cars.
The damage by frost was overesti
mated. A survey of the field shows
that the number of cars will fall but
little short of the original estimate of
12,000. Of this, number 4400 have gone
forward and the number handled by
the Santa Fe is f>oo less than that of
the Southern Pacific.
The Santa Fe, while participating in
the profit without performing the serv
ice, may gain a temporary advantage,
but when the pool breaks, as It inev
itably must, the Southern Pacific will
have the business. Every move down
here shows that Ripley is outclassed
by Huntington. There is a talk that
the Santa Fe is top heavy with freight
talent. This story is told to account
for deficiencies in the passenger serv
ice, but when th<* truth comes out
along the whole line it will be found
that the Santa Fe has not one freight
man able to hold his own in Stubbs'
class. When the directors and leading
stockholders who now fancy that the
company is being conducted according
to safe and conservative methods
awaken to find that the Southern Pa
cific has got the bulk of the business
and the profitable end of the local pas
senger traffic, there will be a storm in
the East.
The preponderance of the Southern
Pacific's business in oranges Is In a
measure explained by the activity of
Eastern lines. On the $1 25 rate the
Southern Pacific gives the Union Pa
cific and the lowa lines and other
Western roads a slice. These Western
roads then meet secretly and offer
orange shippers a rebate on consign
ments east of the Missouri River. The
result is that the shippers crowi their
business upon the Southern Pacific.
The Santa Fe, having a direct line
from San Diego to Chicago, gives
nothing to the Eastern roads. It makes
no rebate. The Santa Fe is In a posi
tion to make a $1 rate, and that was
contemplated before the recent change
of management. On a $1 rate Hun
tington could not give the Eastern
roads much of a percentage without
tapping its own big share. He is op
posed to this on general business prin
ciples. The Santa Fe, in maintaining
the $1 25 rate, simply surrenders con
trol of the traffic. The rate is main
tained to protect the Southern Pacific
and its maintenance is contrary to law.
A Santa Fe agent in talking to a lead
ing shipper remarked:
"I don't care a for oranges, but if
you have any dried fruit I would like
the business."
There is no such thing as rafiway
competition in Southern California to
day. Huntington has the Santa Fe so
tied up and hedged about by pools and
agreements that the men on the road
do not know what company they are
working for. All of the great advan
tages which tho generous people of the
South gave to the Santa Fe have been
bartered away.
Latin is used in all the civilized coun
tries in the world for physicians' pre
scriptions.
SALE OF
THE KANSAS
PACIFIC
The Road Bid In by
the Reorganization
Committee.
Knocked Down to Agent
Aivin W. Kreeh for
$6,303,000.
He Encounters No Competition
and Makes but a Single
Offer.
AFTER THE ENTIRE LINE.
Middle Division of the Railway Will
Be Disposed of at Auction
To-Morrow.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TOPEKA, Kan., Feb. 16.— The Gov
i ernment lien on the Union Pacific Rail
| road in Kansas was wiped out to-day
' at the Union Pacific station in this city.
The Kansas Pacific road was bought in
I by Alvin W. Krech, representing the
i reorganization committee, for $6,303,
; 000. There was no competition at the
sale. Mr. Krech was the only bidder.
Mr. Krech Avaited until Judge W. D.
Cornish finished reading the long
drawn out decree of foreclosure and
then quietly stepped up to the special
master and said:
"On the part of the reorganization
committee, I bid $6,303,000 for the road."
Ten feet away the bid was not heard,
i but it was one of the final steps in the
| big railroad deal. Judge Cornish then
I repeated the amount.
"I am offered $6,303,000 for this prop
erty by Mr. Alvin W. Krech, represent
j ing the reorganization committee," said
he. "Are there any other bidders?
"There being no other bidders I de
clare this property described in the de
! cree sold to Mr. Alvin W. Krech, on the
part of the reorganization committee."
The party will leave Topeka after the
' sale to-morrow and go to Salina, where
I on Friday the third sale will take place.
! This will be that of the middle division
: of the road, a stretch of 254 miles, un
| der a special mortgage. Mr. Krech will
buy In the property, paying the upset
price of $5,300,000.
On Saturday the entire line of the
! Kansas Pacific from Kansas City to
Denver will be formally sold at the
i Union Pacific station in North Topeka.
This will be under the consolidation
| mortgage, and the upset price will be
i $8,000,000.
It was stated by one of the principal
| attorneys in the case to-day that no one
i except the United States Government
! and the reorganization committee was
! qualified to bid on any of the sales
i this week. The Government qualified
' only to force the company to bid, as
required by the arrangements made at
Washington and St. Louis.
Among those present at the sale were
; Winslow S. Pierce, chairman of the re
organization committee; Horace G.
Burt, president of the .Union Pacific;
| General John H. Cowan of Omaha, as
i sistant counsel for the Government; J.
I. Urinkerhoff, general superintendent,
and J. B. Frawley, general passenger
agent.
The history of the Kansas Pacific is
a history of the methods by which Jay
Gould acquired his fortune. The road
was built from Kansas City to Chey
enne, Wyo., in connection with the
Union Pacific system under a system
(if Government subsidies. The original
! legislation gave the Kansas Pacific
Cmnpany equal rights for rates of
transportation over the Union Pacific
road, but the latter so disregarded that
law and placed such obstacles in the
way of the Kansas Pacific getting its
share of the through business that this
was one of the main causes of its bank
ruptcy in the fall of 1873. It was in the
latter part of 1874 that Mr. Gould ob
tained virtual control of the Union Pa
cific. Under his management the Kan
sas Pacific was still prevented from
I getting its just dues and so a reorganl
! zation was prevented until other finan
cial difficulties intervened, and he was
enabled to get control of the Kansas
Pacific Company's stock and bonds at
a mere trifle. In 18T6, a few days after
the election of President Hayes, a re
ceiver was appointed. This receivership
I proved Gould's greatest coup. He
i bought the stock at two or three cents
| on the dollar, compromised the Denver
| extension bonds and when the consoli
! dation was formed the stock of the two
i companies was valued alike, share for
! share. Union Pacific stock was worth
I about 80 cents and Gould came out of
I the deal ahead by several millions.
During the last few years the road
j has paid fairly well. Last year its gross
! earnings were $2,250,000, and the net
I earnings were $705,000.
MME. BERNHARDT UNDER
A SURGEON'S KNIFE
i
I Submits to an Operation in Paris
Which Proves to Be Entirely
Successful.
Copyrighted IS9B by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, Feb. 16.—An operation was
performed by Dr. Pozzl yesterday on
i Mme. Sarah Bernhardt at a private
i hospital, No. 19 Rue d'Armallloe. It
j was entirely successful. It was com
; menced at 9 o'clock and lasted an hour
j and forty minutes. Chloroform was
! used. When Mme. Bernhardt recovered
I consciousness she thanked Dr. Poszi
| for his skill and then asked how long
it would be before she could walk
j again. The reply was that she would
be well again within six weeks if no
I complications set in.
Dr. Pozzi. upon being seen by several
| correspondents, stated that the opera-
I tion was necessary on account of an ln
: ternal hemorrhage, consequent upon
the formation of a cyst, technically de
! scribed as intraligamantaire cyst. It
was as large as a cocoanut.
Sacramento Pastor Recalled.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 16.—The mem
bers of the Congregational Church of
this city voted unanimously to-night
; to extend a recall to Rev. J. B. Silcox
of Chicago, their former pastor. Before
coming to Sacramento a few years ago
Mr. Silcox was pastor of a church in
! Oakland. He has occupied the pulpit
in the Leavitt-street Church in Chi
! cago for three years^ast.
The fac-aimile yTj^ //^ '.■-*** i» on, every wrapper
signature of t*M&Z7<a££ti£ of CASTOEIA.
PRICE OF
WHEAT ON
THE JUMP
"Shorts" Are Now at
the Mercy of
Leiter.
Advance of Over Seven
Cents Within Two
Days.
■
■
The King of the Chicago Pit |
Reaping a Rich
Harvest.
' i
FURTHER RISE EXPECTED.
Armour Predicts That the Cereal
Will Yet Command $1.23
a Bushel.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Feb. 16.— There was no
mistake about Leiter's control of the
wheat market to-day. Those who a
week ago wondered what he was going
to do with all his wheat were trying to
find out to-day what he would do with
his money. There was very little
wheat to be had in the pit and prices
moved up higher than at any time on
the crop for May.
In August, when cash wheat touched
$1 for the first time since 1891, May
touched $1 01%. Since that time it has
been down to 97% c. To-day the price
was rushed up from 99% cto $1 03%, and
later on the curb to $1 06. At last it
was $1 05. An advance of over 7 cents
in two days shows the grip that Leiter
has on the market and the perilous po
sition in which shorts find themselves.
The advance looks sensational, but it
was without undue excitement in the
pit. Outside of Leiter's holdings of
about 18,000,000 bushels there is no
large speculative interest. Heavy
traders who in the past have been long
from 500,000 to 2,000,000 bushels or more,
when prices were very much lower, are
not following the advance with large
holdings, and, while they believe in
higher prices, are willing to let Leiter
have the benefit while they trade in a
modest way.
Calls for to-day on May wheat sold
on the curb to-night at $1 05Vi to §1 11V 2 .
There was hardly a trader to be found
who did not believe that unless Leiter
came to the rescue and sold enough to
prevent an advance calls might be
good. Buying came from New York,
the Northwest, California and from St.
Louis. Foreigners have been short on
July and May against cash purchases,
and while a good many have come in
and closed their losses, the larger num
ber are still out.
Leiter sold a little cash wheat at the '
best price he ever secured. He had i
about 100 cars loaded at Armour's ele- j
vator to-day, which is to go direct to (
Liverpool. Armour is also shipping
wheat on his own account, as he is i
a believer in higher prices, and thinks '■
Liverpool is the place to sell it. Mes- ;
sages from the Northwest said that j
Armour and Leiter were bidding 3 j
to 4 cents "over the market for cash j
wheat. Armour in an interview to
night said that he was not short a
bushel, as he believed wheat would
sell at $1 25. Referring tn the story |
that he hal given a $3,000,000 check to •
Peavy, the Minneapolis elevator man. i
to secure a return of wheat borrowed j
from him during December, he said I
that there was not a word of truth in j
it, as he never borrowed a bushol of
wheat: and he added: "We never bor
row wheat or money."
SILVER THE KEY
TO PROSPERITY
Ex-Congressman Towne Given
a Great Ovation at San
Bernardino.
Eloquently Pleads for Bimetallism
and Predicts Bryan's Ulti
mate Success.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO. Feb. 18.— Ex-
Congressman C. A. Towne of Duluth,
Minn., spoke on silver and prosperity
in the pavilion in this city to-night
and was given a great ovation by the
Democrats, the Republicans and the
Populists. Although it was slightly
raining the audience was composed of
2000 people, many of whom were from
the surrounding towns. Guns were
fired, bands of music were in evidence
and the usual dressing of pageant was
on hand.
The speaker said in part that the
cause of bimetallism was as old as
civilization itself and its principles
were as easily understood as the rule
of three, but they had been so largely
perverted that many intelligent people
had erroneous ideas of what they con
veyed. The good of the country is the
end prescribed by all parties, and to
forsake one's party is not such a dread
ful thing. He tried it and never felt
so good in his life. The campaign of
189G, he said, has not stopped. It will
go on and on to the end of all time.
There never was before a defeated
party that began so soon after being
vanquished to celebrate a victory. You
cannot have good money unless you
have enough money, but it may be
come so good that no one can get any
of it.
Money is not only a medium of ex
change, but it is a representation of
value and a medium of deferred pay
ments. The value of a piece of money
is what it win buy. There never was
such a crime committed in all the ages
as that which in twenty-five years cut
the value of commodities half in two
and raised the purchasing power of
gold 50 per cent. One per cent of th«
people in the United States own more
property than the other 99 per cent.
The gold standard is a scheme to en
able you to get in debt easier, but will
not let you get out of debt. The pro
ducers of the world have never yet re
ceived their just dues.
Mr. Towne closed with an eloquent
peroration concerning the policy of
what he .terms the three great reform
parties uniting in the next election and
predicted the election of Bryan to the
presidency.
TALKS ACAINST
ANNEXATION
Senator Morrill Opposed
to the Acquisition of
Hawaii.
Does Not Desire Coolie Compe
tition With American
Labor.
•■■••'■■. •<
From a Military Point or View Thl-
Government Would Be
the Loser.
i
Special • Dispatch to The Call. "'■"]
I Call Office, Riggs House,
i . > Washington, ] Feb. 16.
i Senator Morrill of Vermont occupied
[ the entire time of the executive session
of the Senate to-day in a speech oppos
ing the annexation of Hawaii. The
speech was intended to show that the
; acquisition of the Hawaiian Islands
would be against both good policy and
the traditions of this country. He had
always stood against the acquisition of
distant lands, and was still opposed to
that policy as one calculated to under
mine the integrity of the Republic.
Mr. Morrill said that, commercially,
Hawaii had been vastly exaggerated,
and contended that the j annexation
would result in the inevitable destruc
tion of the beet-sugar, industry of the
United States because of . the inability
of American labor to compete with the
coolie labor employed on the Hawaiian
plantations.
From a military point of view he
argued that the control of Hawaii
would be a source of weakness rather
than of strength, because a navywould
be required for its defense in time of
war, while in time of peace we should
not need the islands on this account.
Senator Morrill quoted with especial
emphasis a letter from Daniel Webster,
dated in 1843, advising the maintenance
of the independence of the islands, and
closed with an appeal to the people of
the United States to continue this
policy. _______________
WHILE SLEEPING
HE EXHORTED
Death of a Remarkable Som
nambulist Divine at Evans
ville, Ind.
During His Dreams for Forty Years
He Had Called Sinners to
Repentance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, Feb. 16.— Rev. J.
j C. Mcßeynolds, pastor of the Christian
j Church of this city, has just received
news of the death of his father, Rev. S.
D. Mcßeynolds of Evansville, Ind. The
elder Mcßeynolds was subject to strange
experiences in his sleeping- hours. He was
known in the neighborhood as the "som
nambulist parson." If he heard a sermon
which deeply impressed him he would
almost certainly repeat It that night in
his dreams, and in a manner that his
neighbors across the way could distinctly
hear.
Traveling through Illinois once, he
stopped over Sunday and attended church.
That night the sermon was repeated from
the room of the strange guest. A news
paper man sleeping in the same hotel re
ported the sermon in the morning paper,
and this was the first knowledge the
sleeping preueher had of his dream and
midnight audience.
Rev. Mr. Mo Reynolds says his father
has repeated his sermons also, and al
ways revised and improved them in the
delivery. The body of his sermon as well
as his prayer was fervent, eloquent and
original.
Through the course of forty years he
has preached to thousands, who arose
from their beds to hear these midnight
discourses, and sometimes to weep under
his exhortations to sinners to turn and
live or to rejoice while, they listened to
the vivid descriptions of the New Jeru
salem and the inheritance of saints.
Try the "Koh-I-Noor" lead pencil, and
you will have no further use for others. •
SCORES OF LIVES LOST
IN A SEA DISASTER.
Trans-Atlantic Line Steamship Fla
chat Wrecked on the Canary
Islands.
TENERIFFE, Canary Islands, Feb.
16. — The Compagnie General Transat
lantique line steamer Flachet, bound
from Marseilles for Colon, was totally
wrecked on Anaga Point, this island,
at 1 o'clock this morning. Her captain,
second officer, eleven of her crew and
one passenger were saved. Thirty
eight of the crew and forty-nine pas
sengers were lost.
The Flachat was built at Stockton,
England, by Pearse & Co., in 1890. Sh«
was a stern screw iron vessel of 1239
tons net and 2175 tons gross register.
She was 300 feet long by 36 feet beam
and 25.5 feet depth of hold.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
«\\\V\\\\\\
Sj? Perfect \
S Infant Food\
f - I
Gail Borden
Eagle Brand
Condensed Milk
S A Perfect Substitute For Jk
. Mothers milk. For 40 V
& Years the leading brand. 1^
§ "INFANT HiALTN'sBiT FREE. V
my (cNDENseoMiiK(p. NEW YORK. W
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
/>*>£> MARKET ST., OPP. PAIiACB
000 Hotel. Telephone (70. Re»l<Uno« Kit
Valencia, street. Telephone. "Church" IkFAVOR THE PROPOSED EXPOSITION.
The Governors of California, Washington and Montana Strongly Indorse a
Fitting Exhibition of Pacific Coast Resources.
Mayor Phelan, M. H. De Young and Leading Commercial Bodies at One===President McKinley
May Participate— = A Christian Anniversary.
PROMPT, cordial and approving
come responses to the suggestion
of The Call that the semi-centen
nial of the admission of California to
Statehood in the Union, should be cele
brated by holding in San Francisco an
exposition of the first order of magni
tude.
Governor Budd advocates the enter
prise in a ringing note, the Governors
of Beveral of the surrounding States
express sympathy with the project, the
Mayor of the city takes strong grouncl
in its favor, and a host of citizens of
light and leading among the people
heartily indorse the plan and promise
It the aid of -their influence and their
energies.
Doubters may possibly find some
seeming: rause for hesitation In such a
movement, for there are people who
always see a lion in the path. Men
of sanguine temperament, strong; will
and resolute minds, who view the sub
ject from the standpoint of common
sense and who take counsel of their
hopes rather than of their fears, will
go forward, however, and carry the
great undertaking through. That much
seems well assured at the very outset.
The manner in which the suggestion
ha? been received shows that it ap
peals to a sentiment already formed,
and that The Call has done no moro
than give expression to a desire gen
erally shared throughout the Pacific
Coast.
All who are eager to have San Fran
olsco move forward in the front rank
of progressive cities, all who ar^
willing to work for the advancement of
California; all who have an interest in
promoting the prestige of the Pacific
Coast, and a patriotic desire' to aug
ment the welfare of the people, arp
rpady to stand in and help the under
taking.
The prevailing tone of public senti
ment Is well pounded in the Interviews
which we publish on the subject from
many persons of weight and influence.
Every one of them should be read. Not
a few of them contain suggestions of
great value on the subject, and set
forth arguments for the plan of origi
nal force and effectiveness.
So many men of official eminence and
personal influence in all parts of the
Pacific cv.ast have given approval of
the project that it may now be con
sidered as fairly launched. From this
time on it should move steadily for
ward. It is an enterprise in which the
whole Pacific Coast and all the rich
mineral States of the great West can
and ought to work together with har
mony and with resolution to succeed.
The success attained by the Midwin
ter Fair, so hastily prepared, shows
what can be accomplished in such en
terprises on this coast even under the
adverse circumstances of hard times
and little opportunity for preparation.
The recent brilliant parade in celebra
tion of Jubilee day is a proof of the
Interest Californians take in grand
MAYOR PHELAN IN HEARTY ACCORD.
A celebration should be held by all
means. lam always in favor of exhibit
ing San Francisco and California to the
people of other States, because I know we
gain by such contact. While we all rec
ognize the merits of our State and city,
we have not yet to any great extent
convinced others. If we attract by expositions we
may hold by merit, and certainly expositions are the
best means of manifesting the merits which we un
deniably possess.
The only practical objection I see to an exposi
tion is the overshadowing one to be held in that
year in Paris. California must be represented there,
and the United States will endeavor to eclipse the
world. I feel confident that we will succeed in the
endeavor, and our State must do her share to
achieve success in the exhibition.
The Native Sons have decided to hold a grand
celebration in this city in our jubilee year, and the
event will be well taken care of by the new genera
tion. However, I may be quoted as being in favor
of the project, and earnestly hope for it a complete
measure of. success. JAMES D. PHELAN, Mayor.
ceremonial?. From what has been ac
complished at these two festivals we
can draw auguries of a genuine tri
umph if we begin at once to prepare
for the proposed exposition of 1900.
With two years of time to arrange
for the exposition, with all the States
of the great West interested in it. with
the trend of western travel augmented
by the Alaskan gold industry, which
by that time will be yielding a flood
tide of revenues to the cities of the
coast, and in fact to the nation gen
erally, there can be no doubt that the
San Francisco Exposition of 1900 will
hold a position inferior to none in this
country except the marvel at Chicago.
The inducements are many and the
promises are well founded. We invite
to the subject the attention of the
whole coast. The following letters from
Governors, Mayor Phelan and other
persons of position and power in the
community show with what force the
movement starts and clear before it is
the avenue to success and triumph.
A VALUABLE
SUGGESTION.
An Attractive Exposition Would
Bring Many Visitors to the
State.
W. 11. Mills — The suggestion made by
The Call relating to a proper observ
ance of the semi-centennial anniver
sary of the admission of this State
into the Union of States is timely and
valuable. In the fifty years of its his
tory California has not projected or
carried to successful completion a
great international exposition. The
nearest approach to this was the Mid
winter Fair, an occasion which con
ferred the highest benefit upon the
State. That fair would have been
wholly impracticable but for the fact
that it was held immediately after the
close of the great World's Fair in Chi
cago, and was in gome respects an
echo of that greatest of all world's ex
positions.
California expended on the World's
Fair at Chicago over $700,000 to make
an exhibit. This sum included
all that was expended by the
State, counties and by individual ex
hibitors. But California expended, ac
cording to some intelligent estimates,
nearly $10,000,000 in visiting the fair.
If this be exaggerated, let it be assumed
that the State spent $5,000,000, and the
net cost of the exhibit at Chicago was
from six to seven millions of dollars.
This expenditure abroad reduced the
cash capital of the State by six or
seven millions.
If an attractive exposition was pro
jected and proved a financial failure it
would not cost this commonwealth
anything like the sums which will be
expended in attending expositions else
where. The success of the undertaking
of course will depend largely upon the
attractiveness and value of the feat
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1898.
ures to he presented. The President of
the United States can be secured to de
liver an address on the 9th of Septem
ber, 1900, on the fiftieth anniversary of
the admission of California as a State,
and that fact alone would call to the
fair a large concourse of people.
With no counter attraction, the peo
ple of California will spend two or
three millions of dollars m visiting the
World's Exposition at Paris, and while
I have been zealous in securing a
proper representation for California at
the Paris Exposition, in common with
other citizens of the State. I would be
willing to forego that undertaking in
the interest of a great exposition at
home.
The year 1900 is the centennial of the
Christian Era. It will be emphasized
by observances in all parts of Chris
tendom. The year has, therefore, a
double significance to the people of this
State, and the fiftieth anniversary of
the admission of the State has sympa
thetic significance at least to all the
THE EXPOSITION WOULD BE COMMEMORATIVE AS WELL AS EDUCATIONAL.
By all means we should have a semi-centennial exposition. The
Call's idea is a fine one.
This exposition should be of all the Pacific and Western States ad
mitted during the fifty years.
The idea will strike with peculiar force those familiar with the efforts
to open up this territory, and the then apparent hopelessness of such efforts.
Within two years hundreds of thousands of persons from all parts of
the world, representing the bone and sinew of their respective countries, will go to the far
north in search of gold. These leave behind them families and friends, so that in reality
the "eyes of the world" will be gazing intently westward. Whether success or failure
come to the gold-seeker he will not make a home in the frozen north. He will seek some
more favored land Where will it be ? Where will he locate with his family and induce
his friends to come ? Where will he spend the money he takes away from Alaska?
These are questions that the great exposition would settle, and these are the prizes,
as it were, for which each State would strive with an effort that would make the exposi
tion second to none that has taken place in the United States.
The exposition- would not only be commemorative; it would be educational and
inducive as well
To the end that we receive the aid of others, we should aid them. This would
lead us to give support to the Omaha Exposition.
By all means let us celebrate our semi-centennial by an exposition.
sisterhood of States west of the Rocky
Mountains.
But little difficulty would be expe
rienced in exciting the largest interest
in such an event in the minds of the
people of the Orient, especially the
people of Japan. Chile, Guatemala,
Mexico, Australia, Tasmania and New
Zealand are countries which, like our
selves, have their future greatness In
terwoven with the development of the
Pacific Ocean commerce, and their
sympathy in a great exposition on this
Coast could be easily enlisted.
The practical methods necessary to
the accomplishment of such an under
taking should be left to the future con
sideration. But one general underlying
consideration must not be overlooked,
and that is that a really great occa
sion is more easy of accomplishment
than an inconsiderable undertaking. If
a proper celebration of the nineteenth
centennial of the Christian era and of
the semi-centennial of the statehood of
California is projected its success will
depend largely on the adequacy of its
original conception, the breadth of the
undertaking and the energy of its exe
cution. It should start upon the finan
cial basis of at least 52,000,000, and in
my opinion it would be easier to raise
that sum than to raise $100,000.
An exposition Is well worthy the con
sideration of our people.
IT WOULD DO
GREAT GOOD.
Secretary Filcher of the State
Board of Trade Approves
the Idea.
J. A. Filoher. secretary of the State
Board of Trade, had a meed of ap
proval for the Idea, as he naturally has
for every plan which has for its main
spring the weal of California. He said:
"While I have an Idea that the money
spent In such an enterprise might pro
duce better results if expended in main
taining Californian exhibits in the
Eastern and foreign cities, yet I have
no doubt that much good would come
from such an exposition as the one
proposed. It would be well worth to
California every cent It might cost
many times over. Indeed, it would be
hard to estimate the benefit likely to
accrue. I am satisfied that if the en
terprise should be properly started the
State Board of Trade would back it up
in good shape. It will be a very good
thing to agitate the matter, and if Cali
fornia undertakes the thing it should
be and could be made the biggest un
dertaking of the kind ever made by
this or any other State in the Union—
for we ought to be able to make a bet
ter exhibit than all the other States
put together, by reason of the fact that
there is hardly a natural product of
commercial value In America which
cannot be found in this State, and we
have several not found in any other
State. I sincerely hope that the plan
may thrive."
WILL HELP
OUR STATE.
Supervisor Britt Says It Will
Reflect Great Credit on
California.
Supervisor Brltt— The Call's sugges
tion to have an exposition in 1900 is de
cidedly a happy one - !t is a commend
able and praiseworthy object, and ev
ery man who has the interests of the
city at heart should have no hesitancy
In supporting it. I have always been
in favor of anything that will adver
tise this State, and there is no doubt
in my mind that the projected exposi
tion could be made to eclipse all former
efforts in that regard. Of course it will
take time and money, but there is
plenty of the first article and the sec
ond should be forthcoming in large
quantities, for everyone in this city
will be benefited by the exposition.
In regard to an appropriation from
the city and county by the Supervisors,
I believe that could be easily arranged,
but of course it would be a matter for
the consideration of the next Board of
Supervisor.", for an appropriation of
that kind by tax levy must be spent
within the fiscal year, and the present
board could only appropriate for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1899. As the
money would not be needed until 1900,
the next board no doubt could be pre
vailed upon to include in the tax levy
of that year sufficient for the purpose.
I say by all means let us have the ex
position, and let it be. a magnificent
affair and one that will reflect credit
on our fair State and outshine as the
day does the night any former attempt
of a similar nature.
TO BE GRAND
IN ITS SCOPE.
NoOne-Man Fair— Site for Build-
ings Should Be Secured
at Once.
J. W. Raphael, of Raphael Bros. — I
believe it is eminently fit and proper
that the semi-centennial of the admis
sion of California into the Union should
be celebrated in some striking way, and
I heartily Indorse the movement in
augurated by The Call.
Let us have an exposition that will,
by Its greatness, attract to our State
many who had anticipated going to
Paris in 1900. Make it broad and grand,
no one man's fair, but bring together
the whole business community, let each
individual enter Into the proposition
with his or her whole heart, and let us
for once throw aside all petty jealousies
that may exist and work for the com
mon good. San Francisco is a great
city, but her natural advantages as a
business center have not been fully de
veloped. It will require a unity of ac
tion on the part of our business men.
We are ready to go right ahead. No
time should be lost in securing a site
for the buildings, which, in my Judg
ment, should be the handsomest possi
ble; entirely new in architectural de
sign. Let us break away from the
stereotype style in vogue so many
years. Let It be the beginning of a new
era of ideas — the commencement of do
ing business on a broader and more en
ergetic basis.
WARM WORDS
FOR THE PLAN.
Commendation From the Acting
President of the Merchants'
Association.
A. S. Baldwin, acting president of the
Merchants' Association, expressed him-
self enthusiastically in favor of the
plan. "I must say," he declared, "that
The Call deserves great credit for so
good a suggestion. We have recently
had a gratifying spectacle in the in
terest taken in the semi-centennial of
the discovery of gold in California, and,
notwithstanding the very short notice
and the necessarily limited work of
preparation, our recent jubilee was a
marked success. That undertaking
was, by comparison with this new
proposition, a trivial matter, engi-
neored on the spur of the moment, and
carried out with a rush, and while it
reflected great honor upon the city and
State the net result would be as noth
ing to the influence for good which
might be secured through so great an
enterprise as the one in contemplation,
if efficiently managed. It is a broad,
comprehensive plan— one in which
there may be no end of permanent ben
efit to the material interests of Califor
nia. I sincerely hope that the idea may
be acted upon, and have no hesitancy
in expressing the opinion that the Mer
chants' Association would heartily sup
port such an enterprise. It is right in
our line of business, and I am sure that
if the plan can be set on its feet the
association will be found eager to help
it along." _
IS THE BEST
PROPOSITION.
It Should and Will Receive the
Indorsement of All Busi
ness Men.
Raphael Weill— l am in favor of any
legitimate means of bringing our city
to ' the attention of the . o.utside world,
and feel that the proposition presented
by The Call is the best of any. It should
and ; undoubtedly will, receive the in
dorsement of the business community.
lam sorry that I . cannot . be , here to
give it -my 1 personal ;; attention, but I
will do all in my power to ; make the
movement a success. . "■
.■-•-■■-. ■ ' '. . . ■-. • — '•: ■'■ ■:■■ ■
LET IT BE A
BIG AFFAIR.
Co-operation of the Native Sons
.Suggested by Supervisor
Haskins.
Supevlsor Hasklns— l am glad that
The Call has been the first to take hold
of the proposition to have a Midsum
mer Exposition in 1900, for that af it»*lf
will Insure its complete success. The
Native Sons are already making prepa
rations for an elaborate celebration of
Admission day in that year, and I am
sure that they will heartily co-operate
and aid in every way possible to make
the exposition a grand affair and one
worthy of our glorious State. Paris
will have an exposition in 1900, and if
we were to make ours cf sufficient in
terest who knows but many people who
intend going to Paris might be induced
to remain right here with us and enjoy
our own exposition.
I am in favor of any proposition that
will bring people to this Coast, and an
exposition of the kind contemplated by
The Call will bring more people here
than ever before in our history. It will
be necessary for every man to work
and work hard in order to assure the
successful consummation of the pro
posed venture, but we should all make
it our duty to put our shoulder to the
wheel, and I am positive that in 1900
we will have an exposition that will
excite the admiration of the world.
WILL GIVE
HIS SUPPORT.
Supervisor Delany Wants the
Exposition to Excel the
Midwinter Fair.
Supervisor Delany — I voice my ap
proval of The Call's proposition to cele
brate the semi-centennial of Califor
nia!s admission to the Union as a State
by a midsummer exposition in 1900. I
am positively in favor of this celebra
tion and will do all in my power as an
individual and as an official of this city
to carry the idea to a successful issue.
It is in line with The Call's progressive
policy to suggest the idea, and it should
be the desire of every citizen of this
community to lend not only his moral
but hia financial support to the affair
and I, for one, am perfectly willing to
do both.
Let it be an exposition that will sur
pass in magnitude our late Midwinter
Fair, for it will attract thousands of
people, and as a result business will
improve, and I am in favor of any
thing that will bring about a better
ment of trade. It is none too early to
begin preparations, for It will require
a mountain of work to assure complete
success.
STAND READY
TO ASSIST.
They Believe the Idea to Be the
Best That Could Possibly
Be Presented.
Shrevc & Co. — We will do all in our
power to make the proposition a suc
cess and stand ready to assist in any
way possible. The idea is the best that
could possibly be presented and will
unquestionably meet with enthusiastic
Indorsement from every business man
in this city.
The benefit to our city from a busi
ness standpoint can best be judged by
the results of the Midwinter Fair,
which, though held during a period of
business depression, resulted in great
MARK THE MILESTONES.
I am heartily in favor of any celebration or any
thing that contributes to the amusement of our peo
ple. I believe in marking the milestones of our pros
perity as we reach them, especially the milestone murk
ing fifty years of our Statehood. I don't know of a
State in the Union that can show such a record as our own
Golden State. Statistics show that the percapita profit
last year of each individual in the State of California is
greater than that of any State in the entire Union.
When an unsettled wilderness like California is taken
possession of by the Americans and in fifty years made
:o produce an income of $250,000,000 in one year, it is a re
cord that we can be proud of, and one to which we might
Ie willing to emphasize and attract the attention of our entire country,
emphasize and attract the attention of the world can only
>c done by an unusual celebration. The ordinary way of processions,
treet ornamentation and arches is too commonplace. The suggestion
nade by The Call of the exposition, first by a reproduction of the first
nission in California, and then by installing in that building, and, I
lope, in many other buildings which ought to be erected, a good ex
tibit of our natural resources to illustrate that progress, would carry
ut my ideas of something unusual.
I would suggest, in addition to the erection of these buildings,
inusual fetes of a character that would suit our climate, but different
rom anything we have had. Ido not care at present to go into de
aila, but if these ever materialize into anything and I have more
ime, I would make the suggestions. To properly carry these out
■very county should be interested. Our mining counties ought to form
t group of their own, then the various agricultural counties, then the
;reat metropolises and seaports should prepare commercial exhibits,
hen our manufacturing interests should have meetings and combine
o advance the exhibits of the products of the machines and the skilled
abor.
Yes, I heartily approve of The Call's suggestion and "hope it will con
inue its efforts until they are crowned with success.
If. H. DE YOUNG.
profit to our State. So let us hold an
exposition in 1900— one that will bring
us still greater results.
"A GOOD IDEA,"
SAYS H. D. KEIL.
Possibilities for Good Far Be-
yond Those of the Mid
winter Fair.
Hugo D. Keil, chairman of the Com
mittee of Publicity and Promotion of
the Merchants' Association, was asked
his opinion of the proposition. "I like
the idea," said he. "It is a particu-
larly good one, and it could not have
been sprung at a better time. Business
is reviving in all lines and all sides,
and now is the time to outline plans for
future successes — for an individual or
a State. The proposed exposition
would be of inestimable benefit to this
city and to the whole State, and I
hope that the plan will be Carried out
as suggested by The Call. The recent
Midwinter Fair was of enormous bene
fit to California, and that enterprise
was conducted in a "hard times" peri
od. Then, too, it was our initial effort
in matters of this kind, and our next
endeavor in this way should be some
thing to excite the admiration of the
world. "We now have a ten-fold greater
opportunity than the Midwinter Fair
gave us, and I hope it will be taken
advantage of as The Call suggests.
MANY WOULD
VISIT HERE.
The Resources of the State
Would Be Advertised by
an Exposition.
Harry T. Creswell— The Midwinter
Fair was of great benefit to the
State. An exposition, such as sug
gested by The Call, would undoubtedly
attract many, thousands of people here.
It would be an advertisement of the re
sources and greatness of California.
The benefits derived to the entire Pa
cific Coast from it would far exceed the
expense to citizens attending a credit
able exposition. The exposition should
be had.
NATIVE SONS
INTERESTED.
It Will Advertise to the World
the Great Resources of
Our State.
H. M. Holbrnok of Holbrook, Merrill
& Stetson— The proposition is a good
one, and will undoubtedly receive the
indorsement of every one having the
interest of the city at heart.
The benefits to be derived from such
an exposition as The Call announces la,
to my mind, far greater than many
people realize. It will advertise to £he
world the great resources of our State
and show the remarkable advancement
made in our industries during the past
fifty years. The movement should in
terest our Native Sons, who can by
their usual indomitable push do much
toward making the exposition a suc
cess.
910
MILLIONS FOR
COAST DEFENSE
Senators Speak in Favor
of Increased Appro
priations.
Advocate Liberal Expenditures
in the Providing of
Fortifications.
Senator Teller Makes Significant Allu
sions to Cuba and
Hawaii.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 16.— A discus
sion on coast defenses was the interest-
Ing fieature erf the Senate to-day. Many
Senators took the ground that the ap
propriations should be for the full
amoirot of the estimates by the War
Department, instead of some millions
lePF. Senators Perkins and Hale said
that It was the policy of the Appropria
tions Committee to make an annual ex
penditure of $10,000,000 for fortifications.
Senators Stewart, Hawley. Chandler
and Lodge spoke in favor ot increases.
Senator Teller also advocated liberal
expenditures, and during his remarks
made significant allusions to Cuba md
Hawaii.
In the early part of the day there iraj
a discussion of the Kansas Pacific
Railroad sale, but no action, was taken.
HOUSE EXPRESSES REGRET.
Extends Condolences to lamilies of
the Maine's Victims.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 16.— The debate
on the bankruptcy bill, which is to
continue until Saturday when a vote
will be taken, opened in the House to
day, but it attracted little attention,
the interest of the members.. heing en
tirely aiscrbed by the disaster to the
Maine. At times the hall of the House
was almost deserted, the members be
ins congregated in the lobbies or cloak
rooms discussing the accident andspec
ulating upon its consequences. Just be
fore the House adjourned Boutelle, chair
man of the Naval Committee, presented
a resolution, which was unanimously
adopted, expressing regret for the dis
aster, condolence with the families of
those who lost their lives and sympathy
with the injured.
The speakers on the bankruptcy bill
were: In favor of the measure —
Messrs. Henderson (R.) of lowa, Lan
ham (X>.) of Texas and Burke (D.) of
Texas. In opposition to it— Messrs. Un
derwood (D.) of Alabama, Bell (Pop.)
of Colorado, Henry (D.) of Texas and
Mcßae (D.) of Arkansas and Cochran
(D.) of Missouri.
FRANK BELEW IN
BETTER SPIRITS
The Dixon Poisoner's Arraign
ment Is Set for Next
Wednesday.
Reese Cl»rk"Will Defend the Fratri
cide «md"Will Shortly Shape
His Case.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SUISUX, Feb. 16.— Murderer Frank
Belew appeared in the Superior Court
before Judge Buckles at 10 o'clock to-
day for arraignment. He was brought
into court by Sheriff Rush, and, being
without counsel, was informed of his
legal rights, and when asked whether
he had an attorney, replied: "I don't
know that I have." Judge Buckles
thereupon asked him If he warned one,
and he replied, "Yes, sir." George A.
Lamont was called in, and he stated
that no arrangements had been made
as regards his appearing for defendant.
He understood, however, that Reese
Clark represented defendant, and it was
the intention of the Woodland attorney
to be here Saturday to arrange mat
ters regarding the defense of the case.
After Clerk Halliday had read the in
formation against Belew, Judge
Buckles postponed the arraignment un
til Wednesday, February 23. When
Been after leaving the courtroom Be
lew saud he did not know what his at
torney intended doing, but they would
decide Saturday. The fratricide ap
peared in much better spirits than at
any time since his arrest.
OFF FOR THE KLONDIKE.
A. L. Loewen stein of San Jose Can \
Now Resume His Trip.
a>_X JOSE. Feb. 16.— A. 1.. Loewenstein,
vrno was detained a couple of weeks ago
bb he was about to start for the Klondike
on a charge of obtaining money under
false pretenses, will be able to resume his
trip. A few days before he was to start
L-ewenstein got into a dice game with
Sigmund Salz. a real estate dealer at
Centerville, Alameda county, and won
$1147. Salz had him arrested on a charge
of obtaining money under false pretenses
and also attached seven large dogs and
two sleds and sued him for the amount.
The charge of obtaining- money under
false pretenses was dismissed a few days
later on examination, but it was not until
to-day that the other case was settled.
Judge Hyland granted a non-suit and
taxed the costs onto Salz. It was shown
that Salz had made frequent trips to this
city for the sole purpose of gambling, and
that on some occasions he won from
Loewensteln.
Woman's College for Pasadena.
PASADENA, Fpb. 16.— At an enthu-
Blastic meeting of the committee having
In charge tho project of establishing a
woman's college in Pasadena. It was vot
ed to issue 10,000 circulars setting forth
the committee's plans. About fifty rep
resentative men have taken hold arid will
push matters through. Professor C. C.
Bragdon of Boston, president of La Salle
Seminary, is at the nead of the project.
The plan is to establish an institution
firpt class in every particular. A commit
tee was appointed to see if Mount Lowe
observatory, on Echo Mountain, could bo
procured for a site for the college.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
W/S^^Vtf-1 yen can't sleep at nifhtj
If fclf-"Ba 7On are ftll un-'trunuj
7 V ■ ■^-/X ■ you are tired ana blue;
you are nervous, and
Life is a burden ;
whan yon drag about, more dead than allye;
yen can' t eat nor enjoy anything; when
Jvtt We all »at of sorts with ererybody
tnl yoamlf in particular then your nerrcus
trftcmis&t iauit; then your brain does not
"VS m 4 act preperly, your itora-
I '""ft 1/■1 /■ * eh dees act work, your
■ fl 14 §-■ blnnd becomes sluir»Uh,
■ %>■ ■»V/ your head aches. Thei>
Dr. Miles' Nervine.
. ■ ■ ■ . - - •'•-■,•-,•
Book on the heart and nerves sent free by
B. «lIxES- MEDICAL CO., iikasrt. Inn.
SAYS HE IS
HER HUSBAND
Woman Accuses J. Harry
Baird of Taeoma of
Bigamy.
Alleges That They Were Mar
ried in San Francisco
Years Ago.
His Present Wife Saves Him From
Going to Prison by Giving a Bond
for His Appearance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Feb. 16.— J. Harry Baird,
formerly a prominent real-estate and
mining broker here, has been arrested
for bigamy, the warrant having been
sworn out by Mrs. Mattie L. Baird,
who arrived yesterday from Waterloo,
lowa. He has given bonds for his ap
pearance at the hearing set for to-mor
row. Mrs. May Baird, whom he mar
ried two years ago, and her mother are
two of the three sureties. Baird claims
he was never married to Mattie Baird,
though they were known here as hus
band and wife for two years or more.
Mrs. Mattie Baird claims they were
joined by a contract marriage on Octo
ber 20, 1891, before a Justice of the
Peace, having an office on Market
street, San Francisco, opposite the Pal
ace Hotel. She claims their marriage
contract was drawn up by a lawyer in
accordance with the California Stat
utes, and that their certificate, as he
i calls a paper given them by the Jus
1 tice, was witnessed by the Justice and
a «£* broker galled
, ater Ba , rd obtained the ccr tincate
< from her and llever granted requests to
I return it.
I About two years ago MrsT Baird re
| turned to relatives in lowa. Subse
quent to her departure, Baird was mar
ried here by Justice Smalley to Miss
May Leonard, who now stands by him.
in October Mrs. Mattie Baird sent to
her attorney here two affidavits, sworn
! to In lowa, charging 1 Baird with big
| amy. The prosecuting attorney would
| not issue a warrant until convinced
j that she would come here to prosecute.
j she arrived yesterday and the warrant
I was speedily sworn out. Mrs. Baird's
attorney says that in support of her
claim they will produce the record of
j property transferred, which Baird and
| she signed as husband and wife, as well !
j as the testimony of some of the most
i respectable people in Tacoma that they
' lived as husband and wife and that he
acknowledged her as his wife. Evi
dence of the alleged contract marriage
in San Francisco has not yet been ob
tained, though, if obtainable, it may
become a very essential part of the
prosecution's case.
Mrs. Baird was Mattie L. Smith, sis
ter of Colonel James Smith, a promi
nent real-estate dealer, who com
mitted suicide about the time of their
marriage. She had considerable prop
erty in her own right and came into
possession of more on the death of her
brother. Baird was well thought of
here until this trouble came up.
RIO VERDE CANAL
COMPANY ELECTION.
The Result Practically Transfers the
Great Enterprise to Construc
tion Contractors.
PHOEXIX, Feb. 16.— A reorganization
of the Rio Verde Canal Company has
been effected In the election of the fol
lowing named officers: President, Donald
Grant; vice-president, A. H. Linton; sec
retary, J. K. Doolittle; treasurer, Frank
L. Conkey. The directors comprise Messrs.
Grant Linton and Conkey, P. P. Parker
S. C. Symonds, D. W. Grant and S. R. H
Robinson.
The election marks the practical trans
fer of the great enterprise to the men
by whom the construction contracts are
held. Messrs. Grant and Linton are the
noted contractors of Faribault and Min
neapolis, Donald Grant having lately
come Into international prominence
through a dispute as to the nation having
jurisdiction over his Venezuelan asphalt
beds. The Rio Verde project entails the
construction of about 100 miles of an Im
mense - anal and of several Huge storage
reservoirs, the cost estimate aggregating
about $4,000,000.
INCORPORATED AT MONTEREY.
Qxover Cleveland Gold Mining Com
pany Files Articles.
MONTEREY, Feb. IG. — The Grover
Cleveland Gold Mining Company of Mon
terey, that has recently been organized,
has Just filed its articles of Incorporation
with County Clerk Kalar. The company
has a capital stock of $100,000, divided Into
10,000 shares at $10 a share. Its board of
directors, comprising some of Monterey
County's best-known business men con
sists of T. J. Field, R. C. Sargent, Wil
liam Hannon, Ernest Michaelis (all of
Monterey) and John E. Sexton of Placer
ville. The company is organized to de
velop Its mines in El Dorado and Placer
counties, and will constitute Monterey its
principal place of business.
COMPLAINT OF
GOLD-SEEKERS
Miners' Certificates Not Obtain
able on Certain Canadian
Territory.
Influence of Boards of Trade of Vic
toria, and, Vancouver Hus
!te Effect
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Feb. 16.— There has boen
bitter complaint among intending
Klondikers over the fact that miners'
certificates cannot be procured on
Canadian territory after crossing the
passes. At San Francisco, Portland,
Tacoma and Seattle, from which ports
vessels carry many thousands of pros
pectors every week, much dissatisfac
tion exists over the present require
ments. By reason of this complaint
Congressman James Hamilton Lewis of
Seattle was induced a few days ago to
travel from Washington to Ottawa in
the hope of procuring some concession
in the way of convenience to the men
who go north from the United States.
He made a strong request that certifi
cates to miners be issued at Tagish,
but without success.
The protests of the boards of trade
of "Victoria and Vancouver, backed up
by the representations of British Co
lumbia members of Parliament, have
had their effect. Information comes
that to-day the Dominion Government
decided not to make any addition to
places at which free miners' certificates
may be obtained. At present certifi
cates can only be procured at Victoria,
Vancouver and Dawson.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1898.
EVERY SIGN OF
BOLD JOBBERY
Is San Jose's Treasury to
Be Looted by Con
tractors?
Judge Kittredge Takes the Case
Against Councilmen Under
Advisement.
Questionable Terms of the Resolu
tion Awarding the City Street
Sweeping.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 16.— Arguments In
the rase of S. E. Smith against the
members of the Common Council of
San Jose were concluded to-day and
the matter was taken under advise
ment by Judge Kittredge. This is an
application for a writ of injunction to
prevent the Council from entering into
a contract for street sweeping with
Xash & Mcßeynolds. It is charged
that if this contract be forced upon the
city it will mean the looting of the
city treasury to the extent of $4000 each
year for the period of three years, the
life of the proposed contract.
Some further peculiar things were de
veioped to-day in connection with this
matter. The form and substance of the
resolution, which was in fact the con
tract, differs radically from all pre
vious resolutions passed by the Coun
cil in relation to similar matters. It is
so drawn as to avoid the necessity of
the Mayor signing a contract on be
half of the city and also makes It pos
sible for the Council to enter into the
contract without the aid or approval of
the Mayor. This feature alone would
indicate that there was a job In it,
even if the bid of Nash & Mcßeynolds
were not out of all proportion to all
the other bids.
Generally resolutions of this charac
ter simply award the contract and then
authorize the Mayor to enter into a
contract with the successful bidder. In
this case after the bids were opened
the whole matter was referred to the
street committee, consisting of Coun
cilmen Fay and Nolting. and this com
mittee recommended the action that
was subsequently taken by the Coun
cil. This is the resolution which the
Councjl passed by a unanimous vote,
which the Mayor vetoed and which the
Council has threatened to pass over the
Mayor's veto:
Resolved, By the Common Council of
the city of San Jose, that the contract for
sweeping the bitumen streets of the city
of San Jose, Cal., be awarded to Nash &
Mcßeynolds according to specifications
now on file, and that the city of San Jose,
CaL, enter into a contract with Nash &
Mcßeynolds for the term of three years
on the terms and conditions in said
specifications and notice to bidders and
the bid of Nash & Mcßeynolds on file,
and that the city does hereby enter into
said contract with Nash & Mcßeynolds
according to said specifications, notice to
bidders and bid, and agrees to pay said
Nash & Mcßeynolds the sum of % .005252
fur each and every square yard during
each and every month for the term of
three years for streets that are to be
designated to be swept six times a week
by the Common Council, and the sum of
$ .002641 for each and every yard during
each and every month, for a term of
three years, for streets that are to be
designated to be swept three times a
week by the Common Council, less a dis
count of 2 per centum.
Another piece of jobbery is embodied
in the following clause of the specifica
tions: "The sweepings from said streets
shall be deposited every sweeping night
on the lot known as the 'brick hole,'
corner of Seventh and Keyes streets."
It is common report that the "brick
hole" is owned by a syndicate of gang
sters, among them being Johnnie Mac
kenzie. The last transfer of the prop
erty is not on record, and the reason
for not making public the ownership
of the property is plain when atten
tion is called to the fact that the dump
ing of the sweepings into the "brick
hole" for the past few years has con
verted what was denounced as a nui
sance into a piece of valuable city
property, owned by members of the
gang. The job in this provision of
the specifications is made the more re
prehensible because the sweepings have
a value and would find a ready sale.
The price for sweeping the streets
could also be materially lessened if the
haul to Seventh and Keyes streets were
not made a part of the contract. It
is estimated by competent men that a
saving of from $75 to $100 per month
could be made for the city by the omis
sion of this provision from the speci
fications.
When the Council agreed upon these
specifications they well knew that they
were playing into the hands of John
nie Mackenzie and his fellow-gang
sters, because the matter was made the
subject of an expose in The Call some
weeks ago.
As the State law requires that an
ordinance must be passed over the
Mayor's vote within thirty days after
the date of the veto to make such or
dinance valid, it is expected that Judge
Kittredge ■will render his decision some
time before the 3d of March.
The matter of the electric fire alarm
system contract. In which an injunc
tion is also asked against the Council,
went over until the morning of Febru
ary 25.
FOUND DEAD IN A CABIN.
Probable Case of Accidental Death
While Hunting.
REDDING, Feb. 16.— Joseph Haw,
uncle of Mrs. Clineschmldt of the Tem
ple Hotel In this city, was found dead
In a cabin on the old Harrison place on
Eagle Creek, about six miles northwest
of Igo, with an ugly gunshot wound in
his head. The cause of the shot is un
known, but it is generally believed to
be accidental. Deceased had borrowed
a gun on Tuesday to go hunting, and
nothing more was seen of him until his
body was found late this morning. The
reports here are very meager, and noth
ing definite can be learned until the
return of the Coroner from the scene.
Mr. and Mrs. Clineschmidt left to-day
for the scene of the tragedy.
Two Winning Favorites.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 16.— Track fast;
weather cool. Mazeppa and Hugh Penny
were the only winning favorites.
Seven furlongs— Octave won. Tabouret
second. Ma Petite third. Time. I:2B'^.
Six furlongs, selling— Mazeppa won, Un
cas second, Jolly Son third. Time, 1:14%.
One mile, selling— Hugh Penny won. El
kin second, Everest third. Time, 1:43.
Seven furlongs, handicap — What Next
won, W. C. T. second. Sim W. third.
Time, 1:28%.
One mile and a sixteenth, soiling—Rus
sella won, L. W. second, Jim Conway
third. Time, I:SOV*-.
One mile, selling— Percy F. won, Possum
second, Joe Shelby third. Time, 1:43.
Go to CVBrien & Sons for modern style,
high-grade surreys, phaetons and buggies
at low prices. Corner Golden Gate ave
nue and Polk street. •
STOCK IS OUT
OF THE FIGHT
Not the Candidate of Any
Party for Mayor of
San Jose.
Activity of the New Charter
Club Brings Dismay to
the Ring.
Special Meeting of the Grand Jury to
Take Up the Scully-Krieg
Bribery Charges.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 16.--Ever since it
was first announced that the taxpayers
of San Jose intended to put an anti
gang ticket in the field for the coming
election gossip has been busy with the
name of Frank Stock as the probable
candidate for Mayor of the ring. No
word was ever uttered against the in
tegrity of Mr. Stock, for he stands
with the best, business men In the com-
munity, but it was known that he was
favored with considerable patronage
from the county and it was feared that
he might let his gratitude to the gang,
which controls the county administra
tion as thoroughly as it does that of
this city, influence him sufficiently to
permit his name to head the ticket put
up in opposition to that of the New
Charter Club, and he was looked upon
as a formidable adversary by the op-
ponents of the ring.
It can now be said on the authority
of Mr. Stock himself that he is out of
the fight, and is out of it for good. In
he course of an interview to-day he
stated his position as follows: "I am
not a candidate for Mayor on any
ticket and will not be a candidate un
der any circumstances. It is true that
I have been spoken of as a probable
candidate for Mayor, and at one time
was inclined to listen to the pleadings
of my friends. Proper and thorough
consideration, however, has convinced
me that I cannot afford to go into a
public office that would in all likelihood
absorb most of my time. My business
affairs are such that all my time must
be given to them. I have my two
brothers as partners, nnd their inter
ests as well as mine must be consulted
In a matter of this kind."
On being asked what he thought of
the four gentlemen who have been
mentioned as candidates for the May
oralty by the New Charter Club and its
friends he answered that any one of
them would make a first class Mayor.
He added that he believed there ought
to be a change in the municipal admin
istration which would bring about
cheaper and better government, and
that he believed the present movement
with this object in view would prove a
success.
It was learned tn-day that there if
to be a special meeting of the Grand
Jury on Friday to take up the matter
of the Scully-Kriecr bribery charges. It
was first thought best to wait until the
Council concluded its investigation, but
from the reputation that all the mem
bers of the Council have succeeded in
establishing for themselves • not much,
it was felt, could be expected from
them in the way of throwing light on
the scandal. Their work will most
likely partake of the whitewashing or
der. It will not surprise many if all
the members of the Council are event
ually made the subjects of investiga
tion by the Grand Jury.
OAKLAND HARBOR
APPROPRIATION
Money May Be Advanced to
Carry on the Work for
Two Years.
Not Lik»!y That Improvements Will
Be Made In San Francisco
Bay.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington. Feb. 16.
Congressman JTllborn says that he be
lieves the sundry civil appropriation bill
will carry a large appropriation for Oak
land harbor, and it is probable that
money will be appropriated to carry on
the work for two years instead of one
year. The limit of cost is $680,000. There
fore if money Is appropriated for two
years' work the amount should be $340,
000. and this will include the tidal canal
project.
Congressman Loud will endeavor to se
cure the appropriation for the removal
of obstructions In San Francisco harbor,
though a seems doubtful at this time
whether there will be any river and har
bor bill at this session. The appropria
tion cannot be included in the sundry Qivil
bill, which only provides for carrying out
contracts already made by the War De
partment; therefore, if there is no riveT
and harbor bill this appropriation will
not be made, and "yen though a river and
harbor bill is passed it is considered
doubtful whether provision will be made
for the removal of these rocks, as the
estimate of cost submitted by the engi
neers was greatly in excess of all expec
tations.
Arrested for Cutting an Oil Pipe.
FRESNO, Feb. 16.— Marcus Lavelle has
been arrested for cutting the pipe of the
Pioneer Pipe Company, which conveys
oil from the oil wells of the west side to
Coaiinga, The pipe crosses Lavelle's land
and he and the company have had much
trouble regarding it. Lavelle is a wealthy
land owner.
______ ADVERTISEMENTS. '
> << £'*T'es %s - tour half DOLLARS WILL go AS FAR when used HERE
/*t> . • .■..0 / \ ASA DOLLAR IN OTHER DENVAL ; OFFICES, r NO PAIN IN
A&^»* • * I *-t\ EXTRACTING, FILLING,, ETC.. ETC. .
/fc^Si?^^j«.'M NO STUDENTS On INEXPERIENCED MEN to do your work.
f- «si«JS*#«^^' \ We guarantee all work and the most courteous treatment, with
I* ii V»K9*lK^ ~ ! prices less than one-half given you by any first-class dentists in the
\P %l. fflHl(s^'V ~j city. For the noxt thirty days our prices will be:
\j~-T-yBW I* PJ FULL SET OF TEETH tor *4 50 up
\ f VWJk 4? ■/ GOLD CROWNS, . 22k 350 un
NT/.i.^V * tPs BRIDGE WORK, per tooth .........'. v.-....%«7........ ........ 350 un
>W«0l-Vi^ SILVER FILLING ........;.............. ....................; 25c ud
— -^ GOLD FILLING ..........-.......-........;............ ...; 75c ud
/IS %l\ CLEANING TEETH .: 50c up
\A|fl jT3t . NO PAIN In extracting and no charge when plates are ordered.
i\\L»r*/ By leaving your order for Teeth In the morning you can get them
v O^YjK.jECx~ ■ the same day. gSSSS^^W* S«aßB'f6p*ia*l^aS»Jss»"B^BMjS»*«wP^»,
SsiyH&^lrZr Work done as well at night as by daylight by the modern electrical
r^Hf'Py jjg*— : devices • used • here. Lady attendant. -A . physician always in ' attend-
_ ance. Don't: forget : the numb«r^]<^^rißMlM|
"17P^ m MARKET ST., SECOND^OOK, or| Fourth and Market.
Reception |V|v TfT '' TT Cl T r^/^IW.T/^ CONSULTATION FREE. •
Room 7. UK, liLiol KUINIj .° fflce SOTS p - n1 ' :
CONFIRMS THE
SAD TIDINGS
Queen Brings News of the
Burning of the Clara
Nevada.
Officers and Crew of the 111—
Fated Steamer Numbered
Forty.
Partial I-lst of Those On Board, Mos
of Them Being From
Portland.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Wash., Feb. 16.— A pri
vate telegram from Nanaimo, B. C,
says that the steamer Queen has ar
rived there from Skaguay, Alaska,
bringing- confirmatory news of the loss
of the steamer Clara Nevada.
The officers and crew of the burned
steamer Clara Nevada numbered forty.
The officers of the company who oper
ated the vessel have not a complete
list of the men aboard the steamer
when she left Seattle, but the following
names are known, most of them being
from Portland: Captain C. H. Lewis,
Pilot Ed Kelley. First Officer Smith.
Second Officer Harry Bowen of San
Francisco, Purser George Foster Beck,
Freightclerk George Rogers, Chief En
gineer David Reed of San Francisco,
First Assistant Engineer Tom Wil
liams. Second Assistant Engineer Mo
ser of Seattle, Steward O. Donald, As
sistant Steward Frank Donald, Carpen
ter W. A. Jacobs, Assistant Carpenter
Latty Boyce, Messenger Boy Frank
Bowman of Connecticut, two cabin
boys, Perkins and Butler.
The names of»the men doing duty
in the following stations could not be
ascertained: Four quartermasters,
steerage steward, two sailors, three
firemen, three coal-passers, night
watchman, pantryman, four cabin
boys, three Chinese cooks and two
kitchen helpers.
CLOVERDALE'S
CITRUS FAIR
Exhibits Will Eclipse Those of
Any Former Year in
Every Respect.
Balmy Spring Weather Prevails and
the Attendance Promises to
Be La rye.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLOVE RDALE. Cal., Feb. 16.— The
Citi ua Fair Pavilion is the magrnetic
center toward which at present all
things Cloverdaleian are irresistibly
drawn, and commencing with to-mor
row the influence will reach even unto
the great metropolis and farther points,
making this pretty town a second
Lourdes the next few days. The or
ange and lemon held their carnival
in the streets to-day. Almost every
vehicle within ten miles was used to
transport the golden fruit to its tem
porary home, where it will be admired
by thousands.
The pavilion is a scene of tremen
dous activity to-night. Every foot of
space is taken, every one of the exhib
itors is hard at work and some will
have to work all night. The decora
tions are beautiful, especially the
booths consisting of the tamale, orange,
candy and restaurant. The art booth
is elaborately and artistically decorated
under the supervision of Mrs. C. E.
Humbert.
An encouraging feature of this year's
fair is the many large exhibits. Much
expense is attached to them and they
are uniQue and attractive. The minia
ture Call building looms up fifteen feet
high above the table and is the ad
miration of all. An electric fountain
will be an interesting exhibit. Other
leading attractions will be an exact
size Roman chariot, a Japanese pa
goda, a mission church, a grotto built
solidly of oranges, large pyramids,
etc.
Preston, pretty village of the . hills,
is going to make a large collective ex
hibit. The Italian Swiss colony, Clov
erdale Wine Company, Moulton Hill
Vineyard Company and W. D. Sink will
exhibit wines. The olive, deciduous
and dried fruits will be well repre
sented. Olive oil of local manufac
ture will be in great prominence.
The Ukiah Glee Club will be the cen
ter of attraction Saturday afternoon
and evening. The programme for the
opening night will be a concert by the
Cloverdale band of sixteen pieces, in
troductory, remarks by G. W. Hoyle of
Cloverdale and an oration by Hon. C.
H. Pond of Healdsburg.
Regular citrus fair weather prevails,
balmy and clear. ' Almond trees are
in bloom and budding trees foretell the
arrival of beautiful spring. The bus
iness houses are bedecked with carni
val — orange, green and white.
The ■ fair in general artistic excellence
number of exhibits and quality of
oranges and lemons will far exceed last
year's. _^
Don't forget Waller Bros. GJft Day, Feb. 26.
1898. 33 Grant avenue, corner Geary street.
Trampled by a Vicious Bull.
SAN RAMON, Feb.l6.— William R. Meese.
an aged resident of this place and a well
known, racehorse and stock breeder, was
to-day knocked down and pawed by a
vicious bull on his ranch, sustaining In
juries that may result seriously. •
V ADVERTISEMENTS. _ '
'HI i IlJ^. —^ a >^ 18 Market st *» san Francisco, Calk i
I am acquainted with the case of the wife of a house paSnter If
Brooklyn, who had the grip, and was confined to the house for three
months. She was in a listless state and suffered terribly with nausea,
It so happened that a friend had given some Ripans Tabules to thil
lady's sister who had suffered from indigestion, and as they did her so
much good she thought she would try them on Mrs. Hill, feeling sure
that if they did her no good they would at least do no harm. The
patient was then in the hands of her physician, but soon she was so
much better that her neighbors noticed the change and asked about
it. . She then said that she had changed her doctor, and laughingly
added, my new doctor is colored — chocolate color. It seems that as
soon as she began to take the Tabules, she began to mend. The
nausea disappeared and she began to feel that the future still had
days of sunshine m store for her.
BAILROAD TBAVEL.
coitiiikn PACIFIC COMPANY.
(pacific hystkm.)
Train* !•■»»»«' nml hit «lii<* fa nrrlTl mi
SAN lIUSiCIM'U.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
ISA ye — From Jakuaey 1. 1898. — arrive
"•6:«K>a Nilrs,~Baii Jose and Way Stations ... •«*:43a
7iOOa Benida, Hnisun and Sacramento 10:45 a
7iOOa Marjsville, Oro\illeand Reddiug via
Woodland 5:45p
7:OOa Vacaville and Ramsey. 8:45p
7:3" a Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo. Kapa,
Caliatoga and Santa R05a......... 0:15f
B>OOa Atlantic Kxpress, Og<leu and Kast.. B:*sp
■«:ioa Miles, Suu Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, MaryßTllle, Chico,
Tehamaandßed Hlufl? «»l»r
«S:80a Peters, Milton and Oakda'e *T:l3p
•iOOa New Orleans Express, Merced, Ray-
mond, I'reEtio, Kakersllulil, Santa
Bnrliara, l.os Angoles, DeminK,
El I'anii, New Orleans and East. 6«4."»p
•:«*a Vallejo, Martinez, Merced . and
Fresno ...._l2t!3r
•l:OOp Sacramento River Stcmners......... -!»:«M»r
ItOOr Nilcs, San Jcse and Way Stations.. |9il3a
li3or Martinez and Way Stations 7:43,*
S:OOp Llvennore, Mcndoto, ilanford and
VisaUa.... 4:13
, LlTermore, San Jose, Nilee and Way
Stations.... JI©:1»»
«:*op Martin*.. Sau Ramon. Vallejo,
.N'Kia. '■ 'iiiisr.nj;:!, Xl VertMiu and
Hunta Itnea • O»IJ»A
4i»op BiT.icia, Vocaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
vil!r rihl Sncmmeiito.. lA:49*
4iß«rNiles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:1
-. 4:SOr LatUrop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda, .
Fresno, Mcjavo (for Randsburg),
Bant a Barbara and !.os Angeles.. 7:43 a
4t»Or Nuiil.A Fa Route. Atlantic Kxpress
for Mojave and Kust 6:43
<B8:3Op " Sunset Limited." Los Anaelep, 51
Paso, Fort Worth, Little Rock. St. .
Louis, Chicago and East..... §lOjl3a
Vtiißvr " Sunset Limited Annex," El Paso.
' New Orleans and East SI0:(3a
6:« Or European Mail, (>g<lon and East.;.. ■ 9:43 «
O:O»r Uaywiiiiin, Nilrsund San Jose 7:43 a
|H:OOr Vallejo.... «7:43p
•:*«p Oregon Kxi>rrHS,ttaciwneiito, Marys-
•■ ■-- -■:■• ville, Redding, Portland, l'nget
Hiniini and Lost 8:13 a
SAM LKASIUIO AM) HAVrVARI>fi LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
<»6rO©Ai ? 7TIOA
»:«Oa Melrose, Seminary Park, '!9:1! 9: 15 A
i"!ooa Fltchlmrg, ElmlinrHt, IV! 13*
ill :00a San li*»nuro, SonJJi San l&:4»r
n »:••«« L*aadro, totudiUo, Jgll^p
iitVoop liorrnco. ('hern -I t*:i<it '■
~ 4rOop :-■ . t3:45p
5:00r ■ • ll<l ; <Hlsr
»:3Op !!»T!rr.r.ls. 2 : 1 >M>
7:OOp ' B: Sip \
8:OOp i Enns through to Nile*. ! _ " : * 5 . p
/tFromKileg . tW%
COAST 111 VISION (Narrow Onuge).
.x:f (Foot of Market Street.) ;
■iIAa N«wark.C<-iiUirviMi-,.SiiiiJi)Su,K'eltoii, •
]touldert:r<;ek,Saiit4i(,'riizaud Way
Stations.: *•■•»
•■tlßr Newark. CenterTille, San Jose, New
Almadeu, Fclton, ltouldu*- Creek,
: 8,-inU Cruz and Principal Way
Stations ;.■.... ...... ............."••i5«»
«tltlr Newark, S:<n Jose and Los CJatos ... »:•«* ■
tlli46p Hunters' Excursion, Sao Jose and
Way Stations ..................... j7:»Qp
~~ CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
tun SAD mHCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)— ■
•7:15 . 9:00 , 11.-00 a.si. 1.1:00 *2:00 t3:0O
•i:00 ■ *6:00 *e:OOr.ii. -- . , . ■ : - .
rnnOllUND— FMt*r Broad w*t.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 A.M.
1 12:00 »l:00 .-; ta:OO *3:00 tl:00 '3:00 p.m.
"" AST 111 VISION (Itroadtiange). : ~"
. (Third and Townsend Sts.)
' «i33a San .lose anil Way "Stations (New .
Almadeii Wednesdays unly) 8:35 a
•KMa San Mm, Tros linos, Situta Crux,
1 . Pacilic drove, Paso Rubles, Sau
Luis oliHjiii, Giiadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations .......... 4>lsp
1O:4Oa San .lose iin.l Way Stations *8:OOa
11:SOa San Jose and Way Stations 8:33 a ;
•3: 3m i- San Mateci, Redwood, Menlo Park, ,
Santa Clara, Han Jose, Gilroy,
. Hollister, Santa ■ Cruz, , Salinas, ;
Monterey nml l'ncillc tJruvc.;.... *IO:4Oa !
. «*:lsp San. ana Principal Way Stations «»:OOa .
•4tlsp San Jose ami Principal Way Stations »:43a !
•3 too r Sau Jose and Principal Way Stations l:30r
3:30p Sau Jose anil Principal Way Stations B:3Up
«:3Or San Jose and Way .Stations. 7:20p
111:401- San Jose ami Way Statioiia......... 7»aop
■ . A for Morning. " 1* for Afternoon.
•Bundavsexceptcii. J Sundays only, i Saturdays only,
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
5 Mondays and Thursdays. ■
•— 1 Wednesdays and Saturdays. :. :
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQLIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. 1897. trains will run as
follows:
Southbound. ! Northbound.
Paeisen- Mixed statlon9^ Mixed Passe*
ger Sunday . au »"« n! »- Sunday ' per
Dally. Exc'ptd Kxc'p'td Dally
7:20 a.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 5:40 n^nT
8:10 a.m. 12:60 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. 3:53 p.m.
10:40 a.m. 8:50 p.m. Fresno J:3oa.m. 2:'Jopm.
11:40 a.m. 6:20 p.m. Hanford :45 a.m. 1:15 p.m.
12:15 p.m. 6:45 p.m. VlßUlla 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p m
Stopping at intermediate po ints wheu required
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
C. N. A I. Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. m. daily; at Merced with
stages to and from Snelllngs, Coulterville, etc.;
also with stage for Hornltos, Marlposa, etc •
at Lankershim with stage to and from Madera.
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot 01 Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.: 12:35.
'3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
: at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.;
12:45.- 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— :IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
5:00. 6:25. p. m.
Between . San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. "
"Leave T _ „«„„. Arrive
San Francisco. <>t 3* San Francl8 «>-
Week I Sun- iv, Q Sinn StlD " 1 We *
Days. I days. Pectination day 9. | daya .
7:Boa.m. |S :ooa.m. 'Novato, 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
8:30 p.m. 9:30 a.m. Petaluma, 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
6:10 p.m. 6:ot)r).m. Santa Rosa. | 7:86 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
Fulton.
7 :30a. m Windsor. 10:25 a.m.
Healdsburg 1 ,
. . Lytton,
Reyservllle,
3:30 p.m. S:oo.a.m. ! Cloverdala 7:35 p.m. 6:2? p.m.
j j Hopland audl ~*
7:?»a.m.|B 00a.m.| Uklah. | 7:35 p.m. 8:22 p.m.
7:50a,m.l 1 10:25 a.m.
S :00a.m. j Guernevllle. 7:36 p.m.
3:30 p.m.) I . 6:22 p.m.
7 :ooa.m. S:UUa.m. Sonoma 10:40 a.m. B:4oa.mT
and
6:10p.m. i5:00p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:J3p.->r
7:F«a.m.|B:oOa.m.| sebastCDoL |10:40a.m.|10:25a.m.
3:80p.m. !5 :00p.m. 1 SeoastcpoL | 7:3t.p.m. [ 7:22 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay
Lakeport and Bartlett . Springs; at Ukiah for
Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes
Laurel Dell Lake, . Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle, Boonville
Orr's . Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort
Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— 6so Market street. Chronic!*
building.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act.'
■I, —■■1., ,TIC ALIFORNIA
I^Ei^^Pil LIM ED '
f§9Hlffn|H I SAN FRANCISCO
jm&asm&sagjj Chicago.
'Leaves San Francisco at. 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, - but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
' Pullman Palace Drawing- Room Sleepers,
%M days to Chicago, 4'^ days to New York. ,
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m., carrying Pullman.
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
Cast time. Direct connection in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points. . .
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 64-4 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main
1520. ".. : Oakland office. HIS Broadway. Sacra-
mento of flee, 201 . J street. - San Jose, 7 West
banta Clara street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, Commencing September
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Kafael— »7-25 "\-V)
11:30 a. m.; -IMS. 3:45, «5:15, 6:00, 6:30 p m
E ?T tra , tr i ps for , San Rafael on Mondays!
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 urn
SUNDAYS.
.For MiH Valley and San Rafael— *S:oo, *10 00.
•11:30 a. m. : H:la, 3:00. »4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains markod • run to San Quentin
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:2 a a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
Duncan Mills and tray stntions; 8:00 a. m.
Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
(Via Sausalito Kerry).
Leave San Francisco, commencing Novem-
ber 13. 1897:
Week Pays— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— S :00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1.
| THOS. COOK & SON. Agents. 821 M«rket
•treet Sao Francisco.IRVING TELLS
OF FIXED JOBS.
Light Thrown on the Way Harbor
Commissioners Favor Their
Friends.
Colnon's Strange Admission When Asked
Why Justice Was Refused a Con=
tractor— Dundon's Erasures.
"I ani so tied up to these other
folks that I can't help you just
now, but I may help you later
on."
Harbor Commissioner Colnon's
explanation to Samuel C. Irving,
manager of the Paraffine Paint
Company, for giving all the work
of preparing piles to his favorites
and refusing to give any patron
age to the Paraffine people.
Pamuel C. Irving, manager of the
Paraffine Paint Company, whose ac
tion agatnet the Board of State Har
bor Commissioners has attracted so
much attention among the politicians
and taxpayers of late, was tha princi
pal witness yesterday before Judge
Belcher. He told of many things in
connection with the way the Commis
sioners are accustomed to doing busi
ness. P\ F. Dundon, of the firm of
Darby Laydon & Co., and A. H. Cole,
the bookkeeper for the S. E. Slade
Lumber Company, were also examined
as to the meanings of a number of en
tries in the books of the companies
mentioned. The amount of ignorance
displayed as to the reason for many
suspicious erasures in matters of im
portance left much for the court and
the spectators to guess at.
Mr. Irving began bj f stating his po
sition in the paint and preserving firm
and the responsibility of the stock
holders thereof, and then he got down
to the subject under consideration, the
peculiar manner of the Commissioners
in letting out contracts to their fa
vorites and shutting out competition of
those not in favor.
The witness had hardly made a start
before the attorney for the Harbor
Commissioners began making excep
tions, to preserve the interests of his
clients. Mr. Irving testified that the
Paraffine Paint Company was amply
in a financial way to carry out
■ ;>rms of the contract bid on. and
lie BO stated in the open session of
ard. He added:
On the 16th of December, while the
rd was considering: for the third time
rceptance or rejection of these bids.
: - ■ .:■ and stated to the board that the
Paint Company was the lowest
.: we wanted the contract;
we were amply able to perform the
the contract was awarded
to us -are would accept it. provide ail ;
- r.-cessary and start in at once and I
c work to completion with due j
Had you made any arrangements to se
a creosote plant?
I had made arrangements and so in
formed the board.
Were you in a position to have per
formed the contract under any of the
methods or each of the methods described
in those specifications?
I looked very carefully into all the
W methods provided for in that speciflca-
T tion and found there was nothing to pre
vent my bidding on each and every
method; that is. there were not, so far
as my knowledge went, any legal or
patent arrangement that prevented me
bidding on those methods as set forth in
those specifications.
The witness said that he had de
manded that the contract be awarded
to his company, but the bids were all
rejected He talked with several of
the member? <>f the board about the
using of creosote for preserving piles
and added:
I called at the office of the board. Mr.
in was thf-re. and I had a number
- giving the result of
the- us ■• elsewhere. I told Mr.
m my business, nm 1 . Mr. Colnon told
me ho didn't want to hear anything about
it: that his mind was made up, and that
■ It. That conversation was
oslve; it only lasted prob
ably four or five minutes.
Mr... Irving also testified that he was
nt when bids for furnishing piles
opened, and that the board at
tempted to overlook a bid put in by
. Tibbitts & Co., the latter firm
not standing in favor with the Com
missioners.
Coming back to the pile-preserving
i tract Mr. Irving said that in the
bids rejected a nice little game was
"xi»'«ed to keep the Paraffine Paint
Company out of the field. A man named
Watson of the Pacific Roofing Com
pany had an imitation of the Paraffine
Company's process, and Dundon had
another similar imitation, and Watson
and Dundon combined to cut off the
Paraffine Company at both ends.
'"orning hack to the virtues of creo
for the purpose named the wit
said that he had called the atten
tion of the board to ir>o creosoted piles
under' one arm of the ferry slips. He
said in this connection:
They were creosoted by the Pacific Im
provement Company I think during the
Buperintendency of Mr. Isaacs. These
were driven in IS9I or 18y2 and they
were badly eaten out by the limnoria. I
called that fact to the attention of the
board, and asked them to go with me to
investigate. These piles wore BUpposed
to have been extra well creosoted. But I
never could pf-t any member of the board
to go with ni»- to look at them. These
piles were creosoted about fourteen
pounds to the cubic foot.
Mr. Copt — Fourteen pounds of creosote
to a cubic foot of timber?
Yes, sir.
Did you go yourself?
I went myself on several occasions; and
one time I invited— l met down there one
of the employes of the board and invited
him to go with me. He was Mr. Uhlig.
This matter, too, was brought to the
attention of the board, and Mr. Colnon
-Simplay said: "We will investigate,"
and there it ended. At this point At
torney Cope changed the subje:t and
asked:
Did you know that the San Francisco
Timber Preserving Company had threat
ened to enjoin the Paraffine Company if
it were awarded a contract to creosote
piles?
I so understood, yes.
At this Attorney Stratton put Jn a
strong objection to this line of testi
mony. Mr. Cope defended hia courso
by saying:
This is one of the matters that goes to
the general benefit of the public We
have alleged that these specifications
were in such form that persons other
than the San Francisco Timber Preserv
ing Company would not venture to bid
upon them. That is the last set of speci
fications. And one of the reasons was
that the San Francisco Timber Preserv
ing Company threatened to enjoin any
body else from creosoting, and the par
t far provision was put in the speci
•ions which would make it very dan
gerous for any person to undertake ihn
work and have to stand an injunction
suit. Under the first set of specifications
referred to in our complaint Mr. Irving,
for the Paraffine Paint Company, was
perfectly willing to have undertaken the
work and to have taken the chances of
an injunction, being confident that he
could have beaten it:
The court overruled the objection
and the witness resumed, saying: "I
was informed that Mr. Dundon and Mr.
Rood had been up to see Mr. Stratton,
and told him that they would enjoin
the Paraffine Paint CoTrrpany if they
were awarded the contract from going
ahead with the work. I was informed
by aji official connected with the State
Board of Harbor Commissioners.
The witness stated that there were
others desirous of bidding on the pile
preserving work, but they were shut
out for the same reasons — fear of be
ing enjoined. Several of these had good
methods.
The matter of the specification was
taken up to show how the board had
fenced off the outsiders, and on this
Mr. Irving said:
The specifications were to my mind
very unfair, and I so informed Major
Harney and Mr. Oolnon. I told them that
there were provisions put in those speci
fications that had never occurred before,
and that were all together unjust. In
stead of covering a year's work plus
Green-street wharf, they were simply
made for Green-street wharf: and while,
for a year's work and Green-street wharf,
it would have been a paying proposition
for us to have set up a oreosoting plant,
for a small job like that it would not
have been.
I, moreover, in that conversation, called
their attention to the fact that the patent
PRETTY WOMEN PLAY AT GOLF ON THE PRESIDIO LINKS.
Miss Alice Hoffman Winning the First Series of the Ladies' Tour
naments of the San Francisco Club.
AN ideal day blessed the lady srolf
ers of the San Francisco Club on
yesterday. After the past few
disagreeable days a bright sun,
with a bracing breeze sweeping across
the Presidio Links, made perfect
weather for the devotees of the game
that the modern Anglomaniac has bor
rowed from his English cousins. Yes
terday's match was the first one of the
ladies' tournament, to be played for the
Silver Scratch medal, and of the six
ladies who entered, Miss Alice Hoff
man was an easy winner, making the
eighteen holes over a three-mile course,
a distance of 4274 yards, in 119 strokes,
not including her handicap of ten,
whir-h is a remarkably few number of
strokes for that distance for a lady.
numbers had been attached to our pro
cess and to the Rood process, but had
been omitted from the creosote process,
although I had seen those numbers in the
rough draft. When Mr. Uhlig, I think it
was, telephoned up to our office for us
to get the numbers of our patent, 1 went
down and saw him and told him that I
would not have our patent numbers in
serted in the specifications because 1 un
derstood the law did not allow the pur
chase of a patented article. Mr. Uhlig
informed me that if those numbers were
not inserted our method would not be in
cluded in the specifications; and to show
roe that everybody was l>eing treated
alike, he showed me the rough draft with
the patent numbers attached to the creo
suting.
Attorney Cope asked if there wore
any other reasons why the Paralhne
Paint Company was deterred from bid
ding under the last set of specifications
and the witness replied:
It would be absolutely impossible to do
the work called for in those specifications
under the creosoting method in the time
called for, and do the work properly.
The witness gave considerable testi
mony relative to the merits of treating
piles by the creosoting process, and he
repeated much information that h-? had
imparted to the Harbor Commissioners
from such authorities as Marsdcn
Manson, former engineer of the board;
Professor L. J. Le Conte of the State
University, Lum Sears, U. S. A.; Colo
nel Mendal, U. S. A., and others, all of
whom pronounced this process a fail
ure. The result of their observations
and experience were read to the court,
as they had been to the members of
the board, together with ex-president's
report on work cm the Nicaragua canal.
The president's report was indeed
strong, for he said:
The pier constructed by the canal com
pany for the purpose of securing an en
trance, as built December, 1892, May,
1893. The pier timber and piling: were
creosoted with sixteen pounds of wood
oil to the cubic foot, but this proved un
availing as a protection from the teredo,
and when examined in May, 1895. the
piles ir-ear the outer end were found to
have been badly eaten, and many of the
channel side had disappeared.
The reports of the other experts were
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1898.
read. The purpose of their introduc
tion was to show that the Board of
Harbor Commissioners had decided to
adopt the creosoting treatment for the
piles of the State in the face of the
knowledge imparted to them that the
treatment was a flat failure; and fur
ther to show that had the State Har
bor Commlsioners not adopted this pro
cess and worded their speciflcatt. ns
with cinch clauses to keep as many as
possible from bidding on the creosote
proposition, they would not have been
able to hand over the job to the water
front combine, which had no other pro
cess upon which it could rely with
safety; and, further, that the favor
ing of the combine in this way has
cost the taxpayers of the State thou
sands of dollars in the replacing of
piles that should have lasted for years.
After some testimony concerning the
extent of the Parafflne company's" busi
ness and the promise by Mr. Irving to
show Attorney Stratton the firm's
books the witness, in reply to a ques
tion stated that the paraffine method of
treating piles is from 25 to 50 per cent
cheaper than creosoting.
Once more the matter of conversa
tions with Commissioner Colnon was
brought up and Mr. Irving said he had
at least a hundred with that official,
and added:
I told Mr. Colnon, not in one, but in
many of these conversations, that I could
not understand why we could not get any
work. There was no objection to our
process and our price was certainly
lower than thnt of any of the others. I
called his attention to the fact that the
Rood process wns an old worn-out pro
cess that had been abandoned here years
ago when used as the Vulcan pile armor
process. The State had spent about $80.
000 in probably eighteen months and the
piles were gone in probably two years fol
lowing. Also the fact that it was the
old Culver process which had been tried
and was a failure, and yet in spite of
aH that Rood could get work and I could
not. I told him if he could find me any
report from any of his engineers or could
get a report to the effect that our cover
ing was a failure I would not ask him
for any more work.
Some time last year, while the other
firms were getting considerable work and
I was not getting any, I said to Mr.
Colnon, "Why is it we don't get any
thing?" His reply to me was this; he
said: "Irving. I am so tied up to these
other folks that I can't give you work
now, but it may be that I can* give you
some later."
When Dundon resumed his testimony
relative to the condition of the books
of the San Francisco Timber Preserv
ing Company, he took up the thread
of his evidence in a decidedly weary
fashion. His attention was called to
nearly a dozen entries In the journal
of checks drawn in favor of "cash" and
Miss F. A. Sprague was second with
138 strokes, and a handicap of six,
which is also a most excellent record.
Even allowing for Miss Sprague's large
handicap, Miss Hoffman was easily
entitled to first honors. Two prizes
were awarded — a silver jewel case and
a handsomely lacquered cologne bot
tle.
There will be another tournament
next month and the concluding one
will be held next November. In or
der to obtain the silver medal it will
be necessary for Miss Hoffman to win
three successive tournaments.
The play of yesterday was fast and
excellent, and the links were dotted
from start to finish during the three
hours of the contest. The play began
delivered to him. These ranged from
$250 to $500. To the best of his recol
lection these amounts were for his
salary. But there were erasures in
these same entries, the sharp edge of
a knife having removed from the paper
the cold records of transactions that
some one wished to hide from the eyes
of the world. The witness could, not
or would not explain why these era
sures had been made, nor what record
had been thus removed. Neither did
he know when they had been made and
he even went so far as to say that he
was sorry for it; and then Attorney
Cope induced him to acknowledge that
the erasures must have been recently
made. He stated that while he has
full access to the books of his firm and
occasionally makes settlements with
his partner, he is sadly ignorant of the
meaning of a great many entries.
A. H. Cole, bookkeeper for the S. E.
Slade Lumber Company, was called and
his attention directed to the erasures in
the books of the other concern, in
which he had made a few entries, but
he knew nothing, he said, of the ob
literations.
The next witness was J. J. Keegan,
clerk of the Board of Harbor Commis
sioners. He told of a conversation
in the board rooms between Attorney
Stratton and the Commissioners rela
tive to a proposition to compromise the
case of the Pacific Pine Lumber Com
pany against the board. The former
sought to restrain the board from pay
ing to the Slade Lumber Company the
sum of $12,000. Keegan stated that on
that occasion Attorney Stratton told
the board that Jordan and Herrick of
the Pacific Pine Lumber Company had
to-ld him that they would like to com
promise the suit, and proposed that if
the board give them 75 per cent of the
lumber trade, all of the shingle and all
of the pile trade for two years they
would abandon the suit. Mr. Rtratton
at once informed the board of the prop
osition and advised against the com
promise.
Mr. Keegan was questioned as to th«
monthly income of the Harbor Com
mission, which he said was about $55,
000 a month, or $600,000 a year. This
comes from dockage, etc. The ex
penses consume much of this amount,
so that he does not send more than
$14,000 to $30,000 per month to the State
harbor sinking fund at Sacramento. A
long time ago he occasionally sent as
high as $40,000 to Sacramento. The ex
penses of late have been very heavy.
Mr. Irving will be cross-examined to
day by Attorney Stratton.
AMONG THE WHEELMEN.
Officials for the Twenty-Five Mile
Road Race — Bay City Wheel
men's Party.
The pirn pant weather is favorable for
the road-racing cyclers, and as a result
there is a large entry list for the annual
twenty-five-mile handicap of the Califor
nia Associated Cycling Clubs, to be held
around the San I^eandro triangle on
Washington's birthday. The following is
the list of officials who will conduct the
race:
Referee, Charles Albert Adams: judges-
Frank H. Kerrigan, George Peyton, J.
V. B. Argenti. James W. Mullen, E. B.
Jerome, O. R. Sterling, A. P. Swain, T. J.
Winslow, J. F. McDonald, T. B. McGinnls,
Joseph Jury, G. G. Taylor, Vincent A.
Dodd and T. VV. Flanagan; timers— George
P. "VVetmore, H. D. Hadenfeldt. Joseph
S. Lewis, F. W. Sharpe, S. Bailey, John
W. Leavitt and W. Pettis; starrer, De
Witt Van Court; assistants— Thomas C.
Meherin, O. B. Marston; clerk of course,
J. F. Hancock; assistants— Andrew Bed
bury, T. G. Spillanej scorers— Herbert
Deans Clark, E. Butterworth, S. Q. Scov
ern, A. Cellier, T. I>. Whitman, A. L
Behneman, W. Reid, Hubert Rees, J. M.
Salazar; chief marshal, J. P. Thorn; as
sistants—C. Hannan, H. A. Tubbs, W. O.
Johnson, Bert Edwards, C. H. Trolliet,
J. D. Cardinell, J. A. Desimone, S. J.
Severance; chief umpire, John F. Furke;
assistants— James 81 Hamilton, H. V.
Scott, John S. Egan. R. T. Mc.Kissick, M
E. Games, John O'Malley, George Brouil
let, H. C. ITahn, E. Lehnhardt, J. G.
Stubbs, James E. Little, L. A. Hagy;
handicapper, Robert A. Smyth; road rac
ing committee— C. S. Myrick, Theodore C.
Dodge, J. S. Shedrf.
The thirteenth anniversary reception of
the Bay City Wheelmen will be held to
morrow night at the maple room of the
Palace Hotel, and the members antici
pate an elegant time. Dancing will be
indulged in from 8:30 to 12 o'clock, to the
music of Huber's orchestra, and light re
freshments will be served during the in
termissions.
The (,-ames of the Cycle Baseball League
on Sunday resulted as follows: Bay City
Wheelmen 17, Encinal Cyclers 0; Olympic
Cyclers 15, Acme Club Wheelmen 3; Cali
fornia Cycling Club 8, Olympic Club
Wheelmen 8.
George A. Wyrnan, the new acquisition
of the Reliance Club Wheelmen, made the
best time in the club's five-mile handicap
at 10 o'clock in the morning and there
was quite a large number of specta
tors in attendance for that hour.
Miss Hoffman's ■' stroke was strong
and sure and her approach was as
careful as it "was. certain. The other
players, also did some fine work, and
while the course is not a difficult one,
yet it requires a great deal of judg
ment to make a low score upon it.
The detailed score for both rounds
for the links were circled twice, with
the handicaps and the net scores is as
follows: •. ; . '
SCORE.
Competitors— Ist. 2d. Grs Han Npt
Miss Alice Hoffman... 67 .62 129 10 m
Miss F. A. Sprapue.... 75 69 144 6 ill
Miss Ella Morgan..... 100 87 is? 15 ¥%
Miss M. A. Page 83. 88 m v, «?
Miss C. Taylor ..94 -81 175 . ]$ ill
Mrs. E. G. Schmiedeli. 94 81 175 12 163
over the Haywards course on Sunday
From scratch he rode it in 2« Th»
follows? ° f thG flrSt SiX flni « h «s were as
l^mer .:..;......... Ha Tr? P - rlai^tlme.
2-Coxhead .....'.lUs \\i*A£
2-Wyman ....................Scratch : J2 24 *
4-Bacon ............1:00 12-4'^
B-\ogel .........1:30- \'A*
6-Rosenhelm ............... Scratch u-qv.
Willcutt Still on the Stand.
J. L. Willcutt, secretary of the Market
Street Railroad Company, was ton the
stand again all : ' day i yesterday in the
case of C. B. Polhemus against the estate
of Charles Mayne. Mr. vWllleutt who wal
the secretary > of the ; San Francisco and
San Jose Railroad Company, busied h!m
self on the stand reading from the book-
I ,]. company. .Various resolution*
shedding some- light on the cause of the
litigation were read by the witness Noth
ing sensational developed yesterd'av hut
it is thought that before the trial \l
closed some interesting facts will v,h
fought to light. The . case . w»lw »l go on
Wants to Save Durrant.
Charles Fellowcs, fill Minna street, was
taken before the Insanity Commissioners
yesterday by his wife and was commit
ted to the Napa Asylum. Fellowes is an
ex-acrobat, who performed under the
name of Nelson. Recently he has been
laboring tinder the delusion that he had
a special mission to save the life of Then
dore Durrant.
O'Brien's patent spring; best and easiest
riding buggy made; rubber or steel tires
O'Brien & Sons, Golden Gate avenue and
ir oiK street. •
A Neighbors' Quarrel;
D. Sullivan, 986 Harrison street, was
taken to the Receiving Hospital by his
wife yesterday to have a lacerated wound
in his scalp dressed. During a fight with
a neighbor about a clothes' line the neigh
bor threw a piece of lead pipe at him
which strunk nim -on the head. Dr. Bun
nell, who examined the wound, thought
there was a possible fracture of the skull.
After the wound was dressed Sullivan
said he would get even with his neighbor
in hia own way.
DAIRYMEN
PROTESTING
Want to Be Treated as
Those of Outside
Counties.
Health Board Will Hold a
Special Meeting on the
Subject.
New Positions Created — Samples
of Water Were Found
Impure.
The Board of Health has called a
special meeting for Tuesday morning,
March 1, to decide whether or not to
quarantine milk from out-lying coun
ties where it is shown that the cows
have not been subjected to the tubercu
lin test. The matter was brought up
at the regular meeting of the board
yesterday through a petition from the
San Francisco dairymen, who asked
that no further test of their cows be
made unless those of adjoining counties
were put through a like ordeal. It
was decided to ask representatives
from San Mateo County and Marin
County as well as General Dickinson,
the representative of the local dairy
men, to be present at a special meeting
to be held on the date mentioned.
Th board proceeded to create quite
a number of additions to the employes
now on the payroll. It was decided to
appoint two matrons for the Park Re
ceiving Hospital at salaries of $60 per
month each. The night job was given
to Mrs. Swett and the day job to Mrs.
Brown. Health Officer A. P. O'Brien
rendered a report stating that in view
of the increased clerical work of the
pure food department now under his
control it would be necessary to have
a new clerk and he named John F. Der
ham for the place at a salary of $100
per month. The appointment was
made. B. Posner was elected janitor
of the department, to take the place of
the present janitor, who has been pro
moted to a clerkship.
Dr. E. S. Howard sent in a communi
cation to the board, stating that he had
rented the offices recently occupied by
the late Dr. James 1. Stanton, and that
he would therefore be compelled to re
sign his position as Assistant Police
Surgeon.
It was decided to recommend to the
Board of Supervisors that the right of
way through a strip of land at Eigh
teenth and Urana streets be purchased
for the purpose of making more per
fect sewer connections.
The drafting of the gas order, based
on the measure proposed by Supervisor
Lackmann, was completed. The lines
of the original order was followed and
the presence of more than five per cent
of carbon monoxide in illuminating gas
is prohibited.
Secretary Godchaux reported that the
receipts from plumbers' licenses, per
mits and journeymen cards had
amounted to $1278 and that the attor
ney of the board was preparing an
opinion whether or not the money
should be returned to the plumbers.
Chemist Wenzel reported that the
samples of water brought from the
house of J. H. Crocker at Washington
and Laguna streets for chemical analy
sis were decidedly dangerous to health,
and that measures should be taken to
remedy the matter. It was found that
the samples came from the Lafayette
square reservoir.
John L. Sullivan was appointed an
assistant food inspector at a salary of
$75. John Wagner was appointed a
night watchman at the City and Coun
ty Hospital at a salary of $35 per
month.
Dr. Morse called attention to the im
portance of urging the Board of Free
holders to make provision in the new
charter for increased powers for the
Board of Health in the matter of sani
tary legislation.
LAW TOOK ITS COURSE.
August Übhobt Sorry He Ignored a
Summons.
August Übhobt wanted to go to the
Klondike and was anxious to raise the
money on his property. He had nearly
made a sale of it, but a search at the
court house showed that there was a big
cloud on his title to the extent of a judg
ment amounting to about $700. The un
happy state of affairs was caused by a
little contempt for the law that may yet
prove expensive.
Some time ago Übhobt borrowed heavily
from J. D. Carroll and gave his note for
the amount. Time went by and Carroll
died without making any effort to col
lect his money. His executors, however,
were more practical, and Rose M. Car
roll brought suit against Übhobt. The
summons was served duly, but Mr. Üb
hobt declined to pay any attention. He
wastnot at all pleased that suit was
brought and concluded that as he heard
no more about it his Indignation had been
defense enough.
Nothing more was thought about the
matter till Übhobt wanted to raise
money to co north. At the County
Clerk's office the record of the judgment
was found to the gold-seeker's surprise
and annoyance. The case had been reg
ularly tried, service of summons proved
and judgment given by default.
NOT A NEW POINT.
Decision of the Collector -Denying
Admission to an Alien Cannot
Be Reviewed by the Courts.
The decision of United States Judge
Hanford at Tacoma, published in The
Call of yesterday, to the effect that the
courts have no lawful authority to review
the decision of the Collector of the Port
or other Federal official denying admis
sion to an alien, is not a new point, as.
many unfamiliar with the subject might
believe. The decision of a Collector ad
mitting an alien can be overturned by a
court but his decision denying admission
cannot be reviewed except by the Sec
retary of the Treasury, whose decision
is fina'.
A similar opinion was rendered in the
Circuit Court for the Southern District of
New York in re Moses on habeas corpus.
The act of August IS. 1594, provided that:
"In every case where an alien is excluded
from admission into the United States
under any law or treaty now existing or
hereafter' made, the decision of the ap
propriate immigration or customs officers,
if adverse to the admission of such alien,
shall be final unless reversed on appeal
to the Secretary of the Treasury."
For Sailors' Wages.
Robert Vogel, V. B. Evarts, Hermann
Frenz and John Svenson filed a libel in
the United States District Court yester
day against R- A. Gilbriile and others of
the schooner Christina Steffens to recover
$69 alleged to be due them as wages.
The Government's Domain.
The Commissioner of the General Land Office
has submitted his report to the Secretary of
the Interior. Compared with last year, it
shows a decrease of 329S homestead entries,
aggregating; 378, 625 acres. Quite proportionate
to this is the falling oft in general health
when no effort is made to reform irregularit>
of the bowels. This can easily be accom
plished with the aid of Hostetter's Stomacti
Bitters, also a remedy for malaria, dyspepsia,
rheumatism and liver trouble.
THE WAY IT
IS IN SEATTLE
Troubles of J. M. Van Hill,
a Would-Be Klon
diker.
Locked in a Cellar Three Hours
and Robbed of His
Coin.
Police Gave Him No Assistance— He
Threatens to Commit Sui
cide.
J. M. Van Hill, a Chicagoan who is
now in this city, after an ineffectual
attempt to reach the Klondike, tells a
strange story of how strangers are
treated in Seattle. He landed in the
northern town with $600 in his pockets,
and now threatens to commit suicide
because he has not enough money to
return to his native place. Van Hill is
an educated German, who speaks sev
eral languages, but is apparently not
over-well versed in the ways of the
world.
"I have been on a tour of the world,"
said Van Hill yesterday, "and, hearing
of the Klondike excitement while in
Australia, started for Seattle for the
purpose of fitting out and going into
the gold fields.
"When I landed there it seemed to
me that every establishment in the
town was labeled 'Klondike outfits.' I
selected one place where fur coats were
advertised for sale cheap, and inquired
the price of the garments. I was told
that the proprietor would be back in a
few moments, and while I waited sev
eral men came in and proposed a game
of cards.
"I was not In a mood for gambling,
and started to leave, but the men in
sisted that I should stay and wait for
the proprietor. While my back was
turned to them for the purpose of ex
amining some fur garments I was
seized, gagged and carried into the
basement of the place. Here I was kept
for three hours, and every dollar I
possessed, amounting to over $600, was
taken from me, and I was kicked into
the street.
"I applied to the Seattle police, and
a couple of officers accompanied me to
the place where I had been robbed. I
afterward learned that it was a no
torious gambling-house. I could see no
one who resembled the men who robbed
me, and I was told by the police that I
was dreaming and that my story was
false.
"After trying several days to get re
dress, a number of charitably inclined
people assisted me with money to reach
San Francisco, where I hoped to find
friends who -will help me back to Chi
cago. I am stranded here, and unless
I find employment soon I will take my
own life rather than face the poverty
to which I have never been accus
tomed."
J. C. Nobmann Attached.
John C. Nobmann. doing business at
2029 and 2031 Fillmore street, called a
meeting of his creditors at the Board of
Trade yesterday, morning for the purpose
of adjusting the attachment against him.
He made a statement showing that his
assets, including stock and fixtures and
outstanding 'accounts, amounted to $11,
000, and in addition there may be some
equity in real estate. His liabilities are
$16,320. The attachment was brought by
the estate of H. D. Barr for borrowed
money. The amount is $1500. The mat
ter was placed in the hands of a commit
tee of the creditors, and subsequently a
bill of sale of all the assets was made to
J. Lev! Jr. of H. Levi & Co., for the
benefit of all the creditors pro rata,
provided that Nobmann is released from
all attachments.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
Nature Play for Children.
Miss Amalie Hofer delivered a lecture
yesterday at 921 Ninth street on "Nature
Play."
The audience was composed mostly of
kindergarten workers, as Miss Hofer's
address was directed chiefly to them. She
spoke of the way that people should edu
cate their children that they might know
nature and that they might love it.
She pointed out the beautji in the dif
ferent lessons that the children learrtt
in the kindergarten, and compared the
little children growing up to flowers in
the garden.
She said that more trust should he
placed with the children that they might
be alone and commune with nature,
"for as we grow older," she said, "we
would not have the time to pass with it
and we would not know all the beauties
it holds."
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ..
Annual Sales 0ver 6,000,000 Boxes
FOE BILIOUB AND NEBVOUS DISOEDEES
such as Wind and Fain in the Stomach,
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-,
ache, Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushing
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costiveness. •
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST i DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'S PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure sick Headache. For a
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN. WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the . ■- . ■.
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In the World.
25c. at all Drug Stores.
MOBjpEEiSBiMBHWaBI llinC more Iron
flil!r"\' 1 /p"^»tsß/ p "^»t5R Ho °r )s or Steel Springs.
■BB^tMiLV'^' '.^Sal Rupture retained with
' fWlfiinßsßfc ' i \u giiWrV"' ease and ' comfort, and
M-^^93|Bun|fs(s^"" thousands radically Cured
H — -"~ >^Ss?V !J^ 'y Dr - Pl erce ' 3 Celebrated
II — ' /JSf\ • Magnetic Elastic Truss. (C^Call
H' fjg\ Xat office or write . for New
'y/rf\ Pamphlet No. 1. "Address MAO-
V^WPV-:-.. NETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
DR. FIERCE & SON, 704 Sacramento st. (cor.
Kearny), BAN FRANCISCO. Cal.
-■;'. C7; When writing please mention w The ( Call. B
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by -
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Paris, J. BSPIC ; New York. E. FOUGERA & CO.
_ : - : - : - ■--■--■■■■- SOLD BY ALL.PttUG.QIST3 :-> --■-'■': ■!_<
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Anitchkoff Palace,
St. Petersburg,
December 6, 1894.
"Her Majesty, Empress Marie
Feodorowna, finding great ben-
efit from the use of your tonic-
wine, requests that a case of
50 bottles Yin Mariani be sent
immediately addressed to Her
Majesty the Empress."
To Mr. Mariani, Paris, Franco.
(MARIANI WINE)
THE IDEAL FRENCH TONIC*
At Druggists and Fancy Grocers. Avoid Sutn
stitutions.
'■ I W- V 1 1\ ' Xftfl ' r\ -«. CC/* T
Jw *^^ *' * i i*^ 3 \y L- -^ftt^Br"
SpxcfeErEfe
OPTICIANS^ HnT !SAPHIC/».PWRATUS. .
642 Market st. instruments
04Z Market ot. instruments
UnOl R CMONICLt BunniNt, ' /•-
® ® ®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
I INCREASING PATRONAGE,!
® BOTH LOCAL AND TRANSIENT, ®
®. PROVES THAT THE , ®
®LADIES' GRILL®
I. ?h f e FA LACE :i
©EXCELS IN EVERYTHING THAT. MAKES®
® THE PERFECT RESTAURANT. ®
©Direct. Entrance from Market Street. ®
© OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT. ®
®®©®®®®©©® ® © ® ® © ® ® ®*
UNITED STATES
LAUNDRY,
/ OFFICE,
—^i 1004 Market St.,
] Sear Powell.
Telephone, So\it}a 4 SO,*
MADE ME A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CUBE
A. LX, Nervous Diseases — Failing Mem-
ory, Impotency, Sleeplessness, etc., caused
by Abase or other Excesses and Indis-
cretions. They quickly and surely
restore Lost Vitality in old or yonng. and
fit a man for study, business or marriage.
6> Prevent Insanity and Consumption if
me. Their use shows immediate lmprove-
; | mentand effects a CUBE where all other fail In-
| sist upon having the genuine Ajax Tablets. They
have cured thousands and vril 1 care you. We give a pos-
itive written guaranf-oe to effect a cure CA f>TO in
. < each case or refund the money. Price 9V Ul«i per
package; or six pkijes (full treatment) for {2.50. By
mail, In plain wrapper, upon receipt of price. Circular
; '"" AJAX REMEDY CO.. %£'?•?•?.
For sale In San Francisco by Lelpnltz ft Co.,
j 150 Sutter. Nor Percentage Pharmacy, 953 Mkt. ,
I JfeWIHIH-JllMlia
B HAVE YOU Sore Throat. Pimples, Copper- ■
■ Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores, Ulcers ■
Bin Mouth, Hair-Fallini?? Write COOK KEM- ■
| EDY CO., 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- ■
! BJ CAGO. ILL.: for proofs of cures. Capital ■
I B $500,000. Worst cases cured in 15 to 35 days, m
' 100-page book free. m
$H2M DR- BALL'S REIN VIGOR ATOR
mJOfst^ Five hundred reward for any ca;9
S^« B"? we cannot cure. This secret remedy
SDR. losses in 24 hours, cures
Five hundred reward for any casa
we cannot cure. This secret remedy
nops all losses in 24 hours, cures
SWIB WSa Emissions, Impotency, Varlcocele,
IW^ Jrfl' Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strictures,
WXil Ltii! Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
B^W^WP fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
W»Wm»o'7y sealed J2 bottle: 3 bottles, $5; guar
1 anteedtocure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also
I for sale at 1073% Market St., S. F. All pri-
! vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book:
H^^^B We will send you a five (?) day trial
IT MCkifl treatment of the French Remedy
W men* CALTHOS free, (no C. O. !)'•) and
j£ . pr^sr & it legal guarantee that Cai/thos will
: |/?r a STOP I>l«ohnr(je» and Emission.,
Ml 1 "A I 'sJ! CURESpermntorrh»-i»,Varlcocele,
Ma' "tylffial « nd RESTORE Lort Vleor. »*
H|BJMmJS It costs you nothing to try It.
j I VonMOhlCO. 440 B9oI*AmerIe«»lgt«.ClndBii«tI,0.
'f& T I i /
THE
r <•  JL IWf JL Jmnb . -
WEEKLY
ft TFT T
o/ It Publishes the Cream of the
|D News of the Week and
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
o^ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°( IT IS THE ; BEST WEEKLY
C< PAPER ON THE
J PACIFIC COAST
3 — /—/ —
.3 The. Best V / Mining
°» Telegraphic \/ News That
°\ Service on /\ Is Accurate
01 The Coast / \&uptodat«
o^ ':';■ Not a Line of it Sensational
cJ or Faky, and Not a Line of
*0 2it Dry or Uninteresting.
o/ ' Bright, Clean, A Champion of :
J. • Thoughtful. • • Truth. '
2 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
~J : ALL^THE TIME.
I) IT ADVOCATES SENT BY ;
°S HOME : :^ MAIL, Sl.St v,
INDUSTRIES A year;
1112
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver firmer.
Wheat and Barley futures stronger.
. Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Bran easy. Middlings firm.
Another advance in Hay.
Lima Beans higher.
Potatoes weak and more plentiful.
Vegetables and Onions about the sam*.
Butter and Eggs weak.
Poultry and Game in heavy supply.
All citrus fruits dull.
Dried fruits still neglected.
Provisions firm and very active.
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged.
Hogs in good demand.
Another advance in Coal expected.
Increase in foreign imports.
FOREIGN IMPORTS.
Foreign imports at this port in January were
|8.915,500, against $2,231.R"0 in January, 1597. and
inohi.ied $1. 376,600 from Japan. $720,700 from
I'hir.a. $702,008 from the Hawaiian Islands.
$175,350 from Great Britain. $141. 500 from Ger
many. 5116.500 from Belgium and $183,500 from
British Columbia.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate maximum temperature
for the days: those underneath it. If any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow in inches
and imndredths during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" m°ans high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is hieh in the interior and low
alone the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south al^ng the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is im-
Fr ■'able. With a "hiph" in the vicinity of
daho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce, an
•-•• result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(12"th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 16. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same
dare ]ast season and rainfall during the past
twenty-four hours:
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.12 21.87 34.71
Red Bluff 0 9.26 19.62
Sacramento 0 6.M 13.91
San Francisco 0 5.36 17.00
Fresno 0 3.23 5.12
San Luis Ohispo 0 3.SS 15.25
Lob Angeles Trace 4.11 11.42
San Diego Trace 3.38 7.97
Yuma 0 1.26 4.84
Pan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
56: minimum. 4S; mean. 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORK. 'AST.
The pressure has risen rapidly during the
past twenty-four hours over the northwestern
portion of the country. Over Southern Cali
fornia. Arizona and rtah there has been a
rnpid fall in pressure.
The temperature has fallen over almost all
of the country west of the Rocky Mountains.
Over Nevada. Northern ftah ani Eastern Cali
fornia the temperature has fallen from 14 to
22 degrees. The temperatures are now about
normal in the great valleys of California.
I-ipKt rain has fallen over the northern half
of the Pacific dope. Showers have also fallen
In California south of the Tehachapi.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Fort Canby, 36 miles per hour from
the west; Eureka, 34 north: < 'arson City, 46
southwest; Idaho Falls. 42 south; Lander, 56
south.
• -ast made at Pan Francisco for thirty
honrs ending midnight. Feb. 17. 1898:
Northern '"alifornia- -Cloudy and unsettled
weather Thursday, with showers along the
'resh northerly wind.
Southern California— Cloudy and unsettled
Thursday, with showers In southern portion
early Thursday morning; southerly wind*.
Nevada— Cloody Thursday; probably snow In
northern portion.
Utah — Pnow Thursday.
Arizona— Cloudy Thursdays "older.
Pan Francisco and vicinity- cloudy and un
settled weather Thursday; probably occasional
showers; fresh northerly wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais —
Cloudy; ■wind, west 6 miles; temperature. 44; i
maximum. 47. ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Feb. 16.— Trading was remarka
bly feverish on the Stock Exchange to-day and
all interest centered In the disaster to the
Maine in Havana harbor and in possible inter
national consequences. It cannot be said that
■ the varying phases of the speculation during
the day represented any change of opinion as
to the very grave posslbilties with which the
disaster Is pregnant. The occasional checks
to the downward course of prices were rather
the results of questions in the minds of large
operators as to their ability to hold the market
or the best way to effect the liquidation of
■ their holdings. Twice during the day very
powerful support was forthcoming in the mar
ket to rheck the decline and to combat the
successive raids of the hears. That there was
very large short selling during the day was
•vident from the strength of the rallies caused
by the covering of shorts when the turning
point at the low level was reached. This wan
particularly noticeable in some of the greatest
favorites of recent speculation, which have
been pushed up to prices hardly warranted by
their intrinsic value. The knowledge possessed
by the bears of very heavy speculative hold
ings in those stocks covered by light margins
gave them confidence In fiercely selling them
down. The rapport of the hulls no sooner
effected a check to the decline than realizing
offers began to come out again. There was an
abundant suDply of long stock fed : into the
market all day long, and it was evident that
the bulls had abandoned an immediate cam
paign for a rise as hopeless. How far the
speculative holdings for a rise were liquidated
to-day remains to be Been. It is sufficiently
evident, however, that as soon an this liqui
dation can be concluded prices of securities
will be left for the time being to their natural
level. Stocks which have been free from the
recent manipulation for a rise were compara
tively firm to-day and the so-called Klondike
group, notably Oregon Short Line, was even
aggressively strong, rising at one time 6 points
This was on reports of the large traffic open
Ing up for Alaska. Great Northern preferred
gained 2 points and Denver preferred also ral
lied to last night's level before the close
Otherwise the weakness of stocks was only a
question of degree. Net declines of 2 points
and upward are very numerous all through the
list.
Bonds were heavy In sympathy with stocks,
but declines were not bo severe and. the mar
ket was not so active as that for stocks
Total sales, $4,100,000. United. States old 4s
registered, new 4s registered and 5s registered
were % lower bid and the new 4s (coupon) 14
lower. ■•:"•'".
Total sales of stocks to-day, 525,200 shares
Including 9640 Atchlson preferred, 4600 C. and
0., 59,650 Burlington, 3626 Illinois Central, 8680
■ Lake Shore. 18,520 Louisville and Nashville
29.630 Manhattan. 22,530 Metropolitan. 3200 Min
nesota and: St. Louis, 5580 Missouri Pacific
7910 M.. K. and T. preferred, 27.250 New York
Central, 8850 Northern Pacific, 20.620 Norther*
Pacific preferred, 5428 Oregon Short Line, 3&50
Reading, 15,320 Rock Island. 29,050 St. Paul,
«430 St. Paul and Omaha. 4760 Southern Pacific
preferred, 4830 Texas . Pacific, 18,620 Union
Pacific,* 12,080 Tobacco, 11,620 People's ; Ou,
S2lO Consolidated Gas, 813 T. General Electric,
29.290 Sugar, 8010 Western I'nlon.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlßon 124 St P & Om 764
Do pref 30% Do pref ISO
Baltimore & Ohio 18 St P M uc M.... 113
Canada Pacific .. 86% So Pacilic IS*4
Canada Southern. 63% jSo Railway 91*
Cent Pac 134 Do pref 314
Che? & Ohio 22% Texas & Pac.... 124
Chi & Alton 165 Union Pac 124
Chi B& Q 101 UPD & G 8%
Chi & E 111 524 Wabash "
CCC 4St L.... 354 Do pref 17%
Do pref 80 Wheel & L E.... 2%
Del & Hudson 1104 Do pref 12%
Del L& "W 156 V Express Companies-
Den & R G 12% Adam? Ex 108
Do pref 50% American Ex 125
Erie (new) U% United States ... 42
Do Ist pref .... 401.4 Wells Fargo 115
Ft Wayne 170 Miscellaneous —
•Gt Nor pref 155 A Cot Oil 194
Hocking Val 7 Do pref 76
Illinois Cent 104% Amn Spirits Bft
Lake Erie & W.. 16^ Do pref 21
Do pref 73% Am Tobacco .... 91%
Lake Shore 191% Do pref 117
, Louis & Nash 58 People's Gas 944
I Manhattan L 114% Conn Gas 191 V*
Met St Ry 156% Com Cab Co IR3
' Mich > ent 1104 Col F & Iron 22%
Minn & St L.... 28% Do pref 70
Do Ist pref .... S7 Gen Electric 36%
Mo Pacific 31* Illinois Steel .... 46
Mobile & 0hi0... 31 Laclede Gas 42
Mo X & T 12% Lead 34%
Do pref 38% Do pref 10S%
Chi Ind & L,.... 9 Nat Lin Oil 174
Do pref 31 Or Imp Co 254
N J Central 94% Pacific Mall 31
N T Central .... 11«% Pullman Pal 1824
1N T Chi &St li. 14 Silver Cert 664
Do Ist pref .... 73 Stand R & T 4%
Do 2d pref 86 Sugar _ 137
! Nor West 16 Do pref 112
J No Amer Oo 8% T C & Iron 234
1 No Paeiflo 25% U B Leather .... 7
Do pref 64% Do praf 64
Ontario AW 18% U S Rubber 19H
Or R 4 Nay 504 Do pref 70%
Or Short Line... 31 West Union .. .. 91%
Pittsburg 169 Chi & N W 126%
Reading 204 Do nref 173
Do Ist pref .... 60 St L & S W.... 3%
Rock Island 904 Do pref 94
St L & S F 7% R G W 23
Do Ist pref .... 66%! Do pref 6:>
Do 2d pref .... 264 ■ Chi G W 12%
St Paul 93*! Haw Com C 0.... 34%
Do pref 14*4 I
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 128% ! N J C 5g 1144
Do coup 12S» 4 N Carolina 6s 125
U S 4s 113 Do 4s 103
Do coup 1144 No Pac lsts 118%
Do 2ds 100 I Do 3s 62%
U S 5s reg 113% Do 4s J7%
Do 5s coup .... 113», N V C & S L 4s. 107
District 3.65s .... IIR4 I Nor & XV 6s 125
Ala class A 107 I North wstrn con.. 143
Do B 107 I Do deb os 118
Do C 100 O Nay lsts 114
I>n 1 'urrency ..100 O Nay 4s 97
Atchison 4s 93 OS Line 6s tr 125
Do adl 4s 02% O S Line 5s tr 100%
Can So 2ds 110% O Imp lets tr 112
Chicago Term 4s. 564 Do 5s tr rtl%
C & Ohio 5s 116 Pacific 6s of 95... 104
C H & D 445... 104% Reading 4s S.V,
D i- R Q lsts.... 1104 R G W lsts S4
D & R G 4s 95 S L & I M C 65.. 93
East Term lsts.. 107% S L &■ S F G 65.. 1194
Erie Gen 4s 74 St P Con 1434
F W & D lsts tr. 74 IP P C & P lsts.. 121
Gen Elec 5s 100% Do 5s 116%
G H & S A 65.... M 3 !So Ry 5g 934
Do 2ds 105 Stan R & T 65.. 61
H & T C 5s 110 ,Term new set 3s. 90%
Do con 6s lOfi ; T & P I, O lsts.. 101
lowa C lsts ... 102 I Do rg 2ds 33%
Kan P Con tr.... 114 V Union Pac lsts... 1274
X Pac Ist D tr.. 1294 U P D & G lsts.. 56
La new cons 45... 102 Wab Ist 5s 1094
L & S Tni 45.... 90 i Do 2ds 82
Missouri fis 100 W Shore 4s 100%
M X & T 2ds 63 ;Va <>ntunes 704
Do 4s 90Vi I Do deferred .... 3
N V Central lsts. 117 ;
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 30! Ontario 2 50
Crown Point lSlOphtr 50
Con Cal & Va.... 90; Plymouth 0«
Deadwood 90 : Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry.. 2o Do pref 2 50
Hale & Norcross. 1 4' 1 Sierra Nevada 75
Homestake 37 00 . Standard „. 155
Iron Saver 40 1 Union Con 35
Mexican 30 Yellow Jacket ... 25
BOSTON.
BOSTON. Feb. 16.— Atchison 124. Bell Tele
phone 267. Chicago. Burlington and Quincy 10L
Oregon Short Line 31, Mexican Central 674.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Feb. 16— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stork
markets here were dull. Americans were flat
on the disaster to the battleship Maine. The
disposition here Is to regard the matter as a
lamentable accident, but it Is feared the United
States may think otherwise. Anyhow, it Is
recognized that the disaster may serve tempo
rarily as a fresh incentive td the Jingo party,
and for this reason the marnet, after a small
rally, closed at the worst. The incident has re
vealed one fact, at least, namely, that the bull
account here is much largi-r than had been
suppled. Amsterdam has Joined In selling.
At the same time there has also been buying
of a distinctly good kind.
Grand Trunk and Canadian Pacific were
sympathetically flat. Copper was strong, sta
tistics again showing small supplies. Rio
Tintos was brought from Berlin.
NEW YORK WHEAT MARKET.
NEW YORK. Feb. 16.— Developments in
wheat late this afternoon were of a somewhat
sensational character. After fighting the hard
ening tendency all day the local crowd was
finally cornered and forced to pay a sharp ad
vance in the last ten minutes of the session,
jumping prices to 99% c Tor May, with a
subsequent rise to II OO^i on the curb. Attend
j ing this bulge was the news to-day that wheat
; in Chicago had been elevated to $1 M'j. Neither
■ cables nor home crop news had any material
influence upon to-day's market. The Havana
disaster was equally without effect, although
naturally creating a profound impresHion on
'''hange. Coarse grains were much stronger,
particularly corn, which advanced about a cent
a bushel. Export interest was retarded by the
sensational advances. July wheat showed par
ticular strength on covering and closed 2<£Hc
higher than last night, while February and
March closed \%G2c higher, May closing offi
cially at 1 cent advance.
NKW YORK, Feb. 16.— FLOUR— Receipts,
11.633 barrels; exports. 13,357 barrels. Strong
I and again higher on the choice grades. City
j mill patents, $5 65<56; do clears, $5 40^5 SO'
: Minnesota patents, $5 20®.=; 50; do bakers'
; 14 35@4 50; do straits, $4 60(54 7.i.
WHEAT— Receipts. 15.725 bushels: exports,
41,616 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, *1 06@
1 0«V Options opened strong at V*@%e ad
vance and renewed activity among shorts,
based on the May corner at Chicago. Local
i traders were bearish ami fought the advance,
causing a midday reaction, but were finally
| run in by a second sensational advance at
i Chicago. Prices closed strong at ltf?2»ic net
higher, the latter on July. On the curb May
Jumped to $1 00^; No. 2 red February, $1 064 i
closed $1 08V»; May, 93% c; July, 90%@33Vi<-'
closed 93M<c.
HOPS-Flrmer.
, WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— PuII.
METALS— The market for metals shown
signs of sagging, although quotations as yet
are not appreciably lower. At the close to-day
the Metal Exchange called:
PlOlßON— Warrants dull at $6 50(f< 60.
LAKE COPPER— Firm at $11 25@11 30.
TIN-Easy at $13 95@14 05.
SPELTER— Steady at $4 10<3>4 20.
LEAD— DuII at $3 80®3 So. The firm fixing
: the price for miners and smelters quotes lead
: at $3 60.
COFFEE — Options opened steady at un
i changed prices: closed steady at unchanged
I prices to 5 points net advance. Pales. 5750
i bags, including March. So 70.
SPOT COFFEE— Rio. quiet; No. 7 Invoice,
6"' 4 c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6\c; mild, firm; Cordova,
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining, 3 11-16 c:
1 centrifugal, 96 test, 4 3-16e. Sales, 300 tons
! Muscavado, 99 test, ex-ship, at 31 l-16c; re
; fined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 5585 packages. Firm and
j unchanged.
EGGS — Receipts. 6!»S0 packages. Firm; State
j and Pennsylvania. 16c; Western, 16c.
DRIED FRUITB.
NEW YORK. Feb. 16— CALIFORNIA
DRIED FRUITS— Apples, firmer; other fruits.
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 5@7%c:
• prime wire tray, B%e: wood dried prime, B%c;
choice. B%c: fancy, 9@9Vic.
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— 6®7>4c: Moorpark, 9@llo.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. s#9c; peeled. 12@20c
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Feb. 16.— Trouble for shorts in
Wheat was Indicated on the curb before the
regular opening. May was bid up to $1 00 on
rumors of large engagements of Wheat for
shipment to Lisbon and talk of a reduction
of the Portugal grain duty. The bullish feel-
Ing was greatly Increased by interviews re
garding the European situation by a prominent
Chicago trader who has been traveling in Eu
rope, in which he confirmed the reports of al
most unprecedentedly small stocks and said
that Europe was dependent on the United
States for her supplies. • Opening ■ prices fo»
May Wheat ranged from 99% c to $1 00, ; com
pared with yesterday's closing price : of 99%@
99% c. There was a perfect rush of shorts for
cove* at once, but as was the case yesterday
almost no Wheat was offered for sale. . Inside
of fifteen minutes bids had been raised to
$1 01V4. This was above call price and for the
.first time Wheat came on the market in con
siderable quantities, mostly offerings against
these privileges. Though everything offered
was taken, prices sagged off to $1 00*4 and the
excitement which had been intense died down
to a certain extent. It was evident the trade
was thoroughly alarmed over the apparently
unshakable hold Joseph Letter has on May-
Wheat and an official announcement that he
has ' contracted for the moving =■ of 1 600 000
bushels of his Wheat to the seaboard with the
promised movement of 8,000,000 bushels more,
served to increase the anxiety of shorts to get
cut. Tula in fact atemed to be the only factor
THE SAN FRAISTCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1898.
in trading. Apparently no attention was given
to the news of the blowing up of the battlesh!|.
Maine and the usual news was colorless. Liver
pool was %@%d higher at the close. The day's
clearances from Atlantic ports amounted to
300.000 bushels. For some time the market
fluctuated nervously on a narrow amount of
trading, but about noon it commenced to ad
vance again and on this advance outsiders
made their influence felt. Traders who have
been heavy sellers here against purchases in
New York were forced to unstraddle ; North
west shorts also came into the market and
helped make things Interesting. About half an
hour from the close July, which for some time
past has been comparatively neglected, jumped
Into sudden activity. It had previously been
lagging at around S6%e, but heavy buying sent
prices flying. At the close July had advanced
to B;<4c. May in the meantime had been bid
up to*sl 03%, and was bringing $1 03% as the
closing bell sounded. On the curb, after th«
regular session, it sold as high as $1 054-
There was another big day in Corn and the
market was strong. Sympathy with Wheat
and a heavy demand from shorts sent prices
up sharply.
Oats were fairly active and irregular though
averaging strong.
Provisions were active. Heavy receipts of
Hogs gave the market a weak start, but the
heavy advance in grain, the demand especially
from shorts increased and prices gradually
rallied.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2—
February 103 104% 103 104%
May 100 103% 99% 103%
July 86% 894 86 89%
Corn, No. —
May 314 81% 80 T /i 51 Vi
July '. 32% 32% S3 ' 324
September 334 33% 33% 33%
Oats. No. 2—
May 27% 27% 27 27%
July U% 25 244 24&
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May 11 OB 11 82% 11 00 1110
July 11 07% 1127% 11 07% 11 10 i
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 615 520 8 12% 6 17%
July 520 6 27% 820 825
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 6 274 535 626 5 27%
July ~ 635 640 5 324 686
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 2 spring "Wheat, nominal: No. 3
spring Wheat, 94c: No. 2 red, »1 03%ai 04%: No.
2 Corn. 29%<3'30c; No. 2 Oat a, 27c; No. 3 white,
254«?294c; No. 2 Rye. 494 c; No. 2 Barley, I. o.
b., 33<??38c; No. 1 Flaxseed. II 24; Prime Timo
thy Seed, $2 Ss®2 90; Mess Pork, per barrel.
$11 <Wll 05; Lard, per 100 pounds, $5 12%; Short
Ribs Sides, loose. $5 20<3>5 45; Dry Salted Shoul
ders, boxed. 4%i??5c; Short Clear Sides, boxed,
$0 4555*5 55; Whisky, distillers' finished goods,
per gallon, $1 18%.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments
Flour, barrels 20,000 18,000
Wheat, bushels 54.000 is 000
Corn, bushels 619,000 224 000
Oats, bushels 449.000 206 000
Rye. bushels 10,000 1,000
Barley, bushels 54,000 11,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 13@19c: dairies
ll@l7c. Cheese, B@S%c. Eggs, firm; fresh, 14c!
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
_ . Receipts. Shlpmts.
Cities- , Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 156.910 13 870
D " luth , 48,473 S.2U,
Milwaukee 24,700 1950
Chicago 53,594 190
Tfledo • 12.484 1.600
St. Louis n.OOO 5.000
Detroit 5,033 8.640
Kansas City 13,500 24,000
Totals 328,694 81,645
Tidewater-
Boston.. 51.641 15.586
Newark 15.723 41 616
Philadelphia 16.415 7&533
Baltimore 5«.«05 43,000
Totals 170.356 185,335
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat- j an . Mar .
Opening •' 6183 59 30
Closing 6180 59 60
Flour-
Opening 29 00 27 60
Closing 2930 27 75
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
_ Mar. May. July. Sept.
Opening 7 11% 7 6 7 2 6 7%
Closing 8 00% 7 6% 7 2% 6 74 1
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. Feh. 16.— CATTLE-Steers Bold
largely at $4 20 l f?s 10, the commonest lota going
for U S01?4, while extra lots were about nomi
nal at $5 MQ6 80. only a few offerings being
choice enough to fetch $5 25; native canning
cows, $2«g2 90; bulls. ts<@4; calves, $6@« 85;
stockers and feeders. $4®4 60.
HOQB— Sold all the way from S3 g5 for the
poorest up to M 17H for the best heavy
weights, the greater part crossing the scales
at $4 0;.®4 12H; pigs, J3 60@3 95.
SHEEP— SoId at J3@4 65, yearling sheep at
$4 50t?n and lambs at $4 sG<gf> an, rams weigh
ing from 135 to 170 pounds fetching $3<3!3 25.
Receipts— Cattle. 18,000; hogs, 38.000; sheep,
22.0(0.
KANSAS CTTT.
KANSAS CITY. Feb. 16.— CATTLE— Receipts.
official, 8200. Native steers, $3 75QS 47V», high
est price since December, 1896; Western steers,
$3 2,i^4 65; native cows and heifers, $2 250
4 25; stockers and feeders, $3 25<go 20; bulls,
$2 5003 75.
HOGS— Receipts, official, 20,000. Bulk of sales,
$3 So@4; heavies. J3 *2>*<Z74 OS; packers, $3 80-?
4; mixed, $3 75<£3 97H; light, $3 70<@'3 90; york
ers. $3 85(33 90; pigs, $3 50(g3 85.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2600. Market active and
steady; lambs. $4 75(g6 45: muttons, $3 75@4 30.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Feb. 16. -CATTLE— Receipts. 2700.
Market steady to BiglOc lower; native beef
steers, (3 75@4 95; Western steers, $3 Bo#4 60;
Texas steers, J3@3 70; cows and heifers, $2 90^
4; stockers and feeders, $3 60@4 70; bulls, stags,
etc., $2(g3 70.
HOGS— Receipts. 6000. Market 5c lower;
heavy, $3 80@3 90; mixed, $3 86Q3 90; light,
U BM: bulk of sales. $3 8o<?3 90.
SHEEP— Receipts. 6700. Market stronger;
fair to choice natives, $3 75(34 80; fair to choice
Westerns. $3 (OflM SO; stock sheep. $3@3 90;
lambs. $4 60«g5 60.
DENVER.
DENVER, Feb. 16.— CATTLE— Receipts. 450.
Market active and steady; beef steers, $3 40®
4 25: cows. $2 50^3 75; feeders. $3 85(34 20,
freight paid to river; stockers, J4@4 50; bulls,
Btags, etc.. $2(g3.
HOGS — Receipts. 30". Market strong to
steady; light packers, $3 85®3 90; mixed. $3 SO®
8 85: heavy, $3 756 3 85; bulk of sales. S3 87V4-
SHEEP— No receipts. Demand good for good
muttons.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON. Feb. IB.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow of the wool
market: The dullness has Become greatly in
tensified. The mills, which consume 10,000,000
pounds or more of wool a year, are all out of
the market, and the small concerns In the
very nature of things could not make a demand
sufficient to keep the volume of transactions at
the figures which were reported a few weeks
ago.
The mills are now busy working up fente
tariff wool In order, aa one manufacturer Bays,
to save the interest on it. In otner words, the
mills are showing a fair profit on their goods
to-day because they are making them from
free wool. Some of them have already obtain
ed three months orders and some have
enough to keep them running until the end of
August.
On a market as dull aa the present It Is, of
course, impossible to maintain prices all along
the line. The sales of the week amount to
1,086,200 pounds domestic and 868,280 pounds of
foreign, making a total of 2,674,460, against a
total of 3,115,000 pounds for the previous week.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Feb. 16.— Consols. 112%; silver,
25% ; French rentes, 103f 55c<5103f 67V4c.
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 16.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California Wheat, 36s 9d; cargoes off
coast, nothing doii.g; cargoes on passage,
firm; . English country markets, generally 6d
dearer; French country markets, easy; Liver
pool Wheat, No. 1, California, 8s Id® Bs 2d;
wheat in Paris, quiet; Flour in Paris, firm.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 11-32.
PORTLAND BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Feb. 16.— Exchanges, $862,665;
balances, $45,097. -
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Feb. 16.— Wheat export values-
Walla Walla. 75V4@76c; bluestem and valley,
78%@79c per bushel.
WASHINGTON.
TACOM A, Feb. Wheat strong, with an
upward tendency. No. 1 club, 76% c; bluestem
78 * - . _____
LOCAL^ MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling; Exchange, eight............ — $4 84
Sterling Exchange. 60 day 5.'.'....... ■ — 4 86
Sterling Cables .................— 4 86%
New York Exchange, sight .....— 20
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 22%
Fine Silver, per 0unce....... — 6g%
Mexican Dollars ;.. 46 «(i
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Squeezing 1 the shorts In '; Chicago
sent that market up to $1 03% and futures here
■were firm in sympathy, but the : spot I market
was unchanged. Both buyers and seller* are
holding off and there Is nothing doing. ;.
, Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 42%
for No. 1, $1 43%@1 45 for choice and $147%©
1 50 per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES. '
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2000 ctls
$140};: 2000, $140^. . December— »1 32H :
4000, $1 82%; 2000. $1 32%; 4000, $1 33. J
•'• ' Second Session— May— 2ooo ' ctls, |1 40%; 8000
$1 40%.. December— 2ooo, $1 52%. "< >>-';• -
ctls, $1 J3; 6000, $1 33%; 4000, $1 334. May— 4ooo,
$1 40%; 40,000, $1 40%; 28,000, $1 41; 6000. $1 41%;
12.000. $1 41%; 10.000. $1 41%.
Afternoon Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 344;
2°oo, $1 34%; 6000. $1 34%; 4000, $1 34. May— l4,ooo,
$1 42: 68,000, $1 42%; 2000, $1 41%.
BARLEY— The market is steady and quota
tions have not changed much for several days.
Feed. $1 05(31 07U, ;ar dark to good and $1 10
for choice: Brewing, $1 15«?1 20 for No. 1 and
$1 10@l 124 per ctl for dark Coast.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls,
984 c; 2000, 98% c; 2000 98'ic; 2000, 9»c.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session-May— 6ooo ctls,
9»4c; 32,000, ft9 C ; 4000, 99% c; 2000. 99% c. Decem
ber— 2MOO. 92% c; 4000 92c.
Afternoon Session— May— »ooo ctls, 994 c; 2000,
W *« : * 8 ft "W4"C December-4000. 92c.
■ OATS— The market continues very dull.
Fancy feed. $i 22401 25 per ctl; good to
choice. $1 1749,1 224 f common, $1 124@1 15;
Surprise. Si 2501 30; red. $1 35@1 45; gray. $1 15
«V,VAV mllll n&. $1 174@1 224; black, for seed.
*1 35@1 50. Clipped Oats sell at $I@2 per ton
ov «r the raw product.
L<JKN— There is no demand to speak of and
prices are unchanged.
Small round yellow, $1 10@l 15 per ctl; large
y*' l^. « 05@l 10; white. $1 05<S>l 10.
RYE-$1 05® 1 074 per ctl.
BLCK WHEAT— Nominal; none here.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— cash prices are: Family extras,
$4 55@4 65; Bakers' extras, $4 30«g4 40 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices- in sacKs are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 50 per 100;
Rice Flour. *5 75; Cornmeal, $2 25; extra cream
do, . $3; . Oatmeal, $3 50; Oat Groats. *4: Hom
iny. $3 10<53 30; Buckwheat Flour. $4; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50: Farina, J4. 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (bbls), $5 25®5 65; in
sacks, $5 05@5 45; Pearl Barley. $4; Split Pea».
$3 75; Green Peas, $4 25 per 100 Ids.
• HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS. I
Another advance In the higher grades of Hay
oocurred | yesterday, and the market was very
strong, with $13 refused for the beat at the
close. ....■,...'
Bran la easy, but Middlings are firm.
BRAN— $2O(g2l per ton. '
MIDDLINGS— per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $28@24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the - mill, $28 50@29 60;
Jobbing, $30; Cocoanut Cake. $21 50@22 BO; Cot
tonseed Meal, $28@30 per ton; Corn Meal, $23 50
02* 50; . Cracked . Corn, $24@25; Chopped Feed,
$IS@l9. . .
(Ex-car in round' lots)— Wheat, $17@19
per ton; Wheat and Oat, $16@18; Oat, $14 60®
16 60; Barley, $14@16 50; compressed, $16@17 50;
Alfalfa, $10 50@ll 50; stock, $lligl2; Clover,
$11 60@12 50; Nevada Timothy, $13 50<3>14 per. ton.
STRAW— 3S@4So per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
An advance In Ltnias Is noted. Otherwise
there is no change of consequence in Beans,
though prices are unsettled.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 90<g3; Small Whites $1 50
<@\ 60; Large Whites, $1 50@l 65; Pinks, $2 60<3>
2 75; Reds, $2ig* 26; Blackeye, $2 4(XJ?2 50; But
ters. $1 40@l 60; Limas, $1 80@l 85; Pea, $1 60@
1 55; Red Kidneys, $2 25^2 50 per ctl.
SEED6— Brown Mustard, $3 per ctl; Yellow
Mustard, $2@2 50; Flax. $2 25; Canary Seed,
214'&2%c2 1 4'&2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 3@6c; Rape, 2@2%0;
Hemp, 3c; Timothy, 54c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 40@l 65; Green, $2®
2 05 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
Arrivals of Potatoes have been too heavy of
late and the market continues easy in conse
quence. Onions are about the same. There is
no particular change in Vegetables.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 70@76c; River Reds,
65®60c; River Burbanks, 70®S5c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 75c@$l 10; Salinas Burbanks,
80c@$l 15; Petaluma Burbanks, 70@86c; Sweet
Potatoes. 40@50c per ctl for Rivers and 75c@
$1 for Merced; new Volunteer Potatoes,
per Ib.
ONIONS— S2 Eo@2 60 per ctl ; Oregons, $2 60*31
I 75: cut onions. $2©2 2?. y<-r sack.
VEGETABLES— AIameda Green Peas. 9610 c
per lb; Mushrooms, 6@12%c; Marrowfat Squaah,
fl"32n per ton: Hubbard Squash, $15(ij20; Dried
Peppers. «&7c per lb; Dried < >kra. 15c; Cab
bage. 6O!ff7"fe per ctl; Carrots. 25®600 per sack:
Garlic, 3fl)4''c per lb; Asparagus. MQXC per lb;
Los Angeles Green Peas, 6*B 7c; String Beans,
lOOlBc; Tomatoes, 60e(g$l ED; Green Peppers,
26©30 c per lb; Summer Squash. ; Egg Plant,
per lb; Hothouse Cucumbers, sOc4j/$l 25 per
dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25
lbs: sliced desiccated. 16flRc, granulated raw,
13c: Onions, fiOe; Carrots, old, 13c; new, ISc;
Cabbage. 30c; Sweet Potatoes. 30c; turnips.
25c; String Beans. 30c: Tomatoes. 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two carloads of Eastern sold at 11<913c for
Turkeys, $4 nniS-5 for Pin-ks, $1 Th<ft2 for Geese.
$4 75©5 for Hens, ?< 75(ff.=i 50 for Young Roost
era, $3 50@4 for Old Roosters, $5@5 50 for Fry
ers and $4 50 for Br ilera.
In domestic PoulTy Dressed Turkeys are
hani to mov<\ but y^ung fowl are firm at the
recent advance.
Game is still neglected.
POULTRY Live Turkeys, lOigllc for Gob
blers and mfmc for Hens; dressed Turkeys,
11Q12C per lh: Geese, per pair, »1 25@1 60: Gos
lings. $l!W;i'.; I links. H<Ub tor old and $7(f/S
for young: Hens. $3 50@4 50; Roosters, young, $5
(g'6; Roosters. "Id, $3 50; Fryers, $5 @ 5 50;
Hrollers, »4'us f.-r large and *3 50 for small;
Pigeons, Wai '/) per dozen for young and $1
for old.
GAME— Quail, rer doz. $1; Mallard, $2 sola's:
Canvasback. $3; Sprig. $1 2T>@l 50; Teal,
$l*fl 25; Widgeon. 75c<fi$l: Small Ducks. 50<g75e;
Gray Geese, $1 Sfi'Jil 75; White, 50@75c; Brant.
786991; Honkers, f3; English Snipe, $2: Jack
Snipe. $1: Hare. $1; Rabbits. $l(g;l 25 for Cot
tontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND KGGR.
Dairy Butter Is weak at the decline. Egga
are no lower, but they are hard to move, and
receipts are altogether too heavy.
BI'TTKK
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 24®25c: seconds,
22f23c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 21<3'22Hc; lower
grades, 21V per lb.
Eastern Butter — Creamery, 21@22Ur: ladle
packed. Li^lT^r per lb.
CHEESE -Choice mild new, 10q- common to
good, B'S;<4c; < 'ream Cheddar, lO^llc; Young
America, 10@ lie; Western, ll®12c; Eastern, 12^
@13Vic per lh.
EGGS-Ranch Egg*, 12H@l*c per dozen; store
Eggs, 10®'llc.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
There wan nn orange auction of southern
stock yesterday, as there was none offered.
There will be an auction to-day.
All Citrus Fruits are dull, though Limes
continue scarce.
DECimors fruits—
Apples. 4<Vtf.7)r per box for common. 65@$1
for good to choice and $1 25@1 BO for fancy.
CRANBERRIES— J7@B per bbl.
CITRUS FRriTS — Navel Oranges, $1 25(i?
2 25: Sepdlins-s. snr@sl; Mandarins. $lf^l SO f,, r
lartfo and .Vcg!7so for small boxes; Grape Fruit,
".ocas2 5C per box; lemons, 50W".ir tnr nun
mon and $l<if2 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $5 .Vi(s6; California Limes, In small
boxes. 60-gso: Bananas. $1 25®'2 25 per bunch;
Pineapples. $3<94 per dozen.
DRIED FRtITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
Beyond the demand for small Prune* already
noted there is nothing new. • !sSfj,*£*i
■DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, " carload lots. 4«4<3)
4\o for 40-50>, 3%@4%c for 50-60' s, 3*£ril>3\c
for 60-70' s. 2y t @3%c for 70-80 > Z%@2%.c for 80
90's, l\«2V 4 e for 90-100's;- Peaches, 3@4ttc;
fancy. s<g>s"*c; peeled. 10®12Hc; Apricots, s@6c
for Royals and 7@Bc for good to fancy Moor- i
parks; Evaporated Apples, 6\<S7V,ic; sun-dried
4«B>sc; black Figs., In . sacks, 2@2^c; Plums'
4%<ff4%c for pitted and l@Uic for unpltted"
bleached Plums, 6@s^c; Nectarines, •IQiSc for
prime to fancy; Pears, 2V4®<Hc- ( for quarters
and 3@sV4c for halves, -according- to color, etc I
RAlSlNS— 2c>for two-crown, 3@3Hc for three
crown, 3%<?f4c for • four-crown, ■ 5c for Seedless '
Sultanas, 3>4c for Seedless Muscatels and $1@
110 for London layers; dried Grapes, 2%c.
NUTS— Chestnuts - are - quotable at 8c per
1b; -Walnuts, s®6c for ' hardshell and 6@7c for
softshell; Almonds. for hardshell, s(g>Bc
for softshell and 7@Bc for paper-shell; Peanuts
4@s%c,for Eastern and 4^c for California-
Pecans, 6^4@Bc; Filberts, 8%@10c;.. Brazil Nuts'
B@9c per ft; Cocoanuts, $1 50(5)5 per 100.
HONEY— New Comb, B@loc for bright and 5®
7c for lower grades; new water white extract
ed. 4Vi<Ssc; light amber 1 , extracted, ' 3%@4i4c
per It). - ■•■■■,: ■ ■■• ■ ■ ■ *
BEESWAX— per Tb. '. •- ■
PROVISIONS.
Dealer* are expecting another advance In
Hog products every day. The demand for all
classes Is sharp.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. !9c per Ib for
heavy, ; 9V4c for ' light medium, 10V4c J for light,
lie for extra light and ; 12% - for sugar-cured';
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, : 10*i@llc ; Califor
nia Hams, 10c: Mess Beef. $9 per bbl; extra
mess, do, . $10; family do, ' $11©12; Salt Pork
$9; -extra prime Pork, $10; - extra . clear, SIS '■
mess, $16; Smoked Beef. ll@l2c per Ib. ••.,.. '
I LARD— tierces quoted at 6V4c per !t> '
for i compound and 6%c - for pure; : palls, - 7«*c •
California ■■ tierces, : s*4c ■ per Ib for • < compound
and 6")4c for pure; , half-barrels, - 6>4c; io-tb
tins,-7«4c: do 5-tt). 7%c. . -
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@6Hc; packages
less i than ?»ro : ttr— palls, \6O in a case. B%c •
3-lb pails, 20 in a case,B%c; 6-Ib; palls,- 12 In a
case, | SVic; 10-lb pails, ■■ 6. in ■ a case, . BV4c; 50- Ib
tins, one or two ln.a.case,-7Hc; wooden buck
ets, 20 lbs ne 1 , 7y&c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net. 7?4c
' half- bbls, about 110 lbs, ~\ic per Ib. , '
HIDES, ' TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
There is nothing new 'under this head.
HIDES. AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
1<- under sour. J stock. '.2 Heavy V ntted ' st->rn"
10^@llc; medium, 9Hc; light,' 9@9%c; Cowh<d>»!
SQSHc; stags. 6®6Vsc:osarted' Kip", 10c; t^ilf,
lie; dry Hides, 17@17>4c; culls and brands, IWA
©14c; dry Kip and Veal. 14@15c; dry Calf, 18«
20c; culls, 18@17c; Goatskins, 20<g>374c each;
Kids, 10c ; Deerskins, ; good - summer, 1 25@30a
per Ib; medium, 20c; winter. 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, > 20Qa0o each; . abort , .wool. - 40@70c
■.■"'■'■■■ •■■'•: " : ■■■ i'^:Z' '-i '•■:■' ;.".". '>' ? * ir .'\' " T ; '*".' *V. - ::''V '
each; medium. 70@90c: long wools, 90c@W 30
each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3^3Hc per Id; No.
2, 2#24c; refined, sc; Grease, 2<g2iic.
WOOL— Fall clip-Middle counties— free. 10*9
13c; do defective. 10@llc; San Joaquln. defect
ive. 7<if9c ; Southern Mountain. 9@llc; free
Northern, 12<rrl3c; do defective. 9<gllc; Hum
boldt and Mendocino. 13® 15c; Eastern Oregon,
9®l3c; Valley Oregon. Wg. 18c.
HOPS— OId crop, 2@6c for poor to fair and S@
10c for good; new crop, ll(gl4Hc per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 1898 delivery,
sH<3>s\c; Wool Bags, 27@30c; San Quentin,ss 30.
COAL— The market rules as firm as ever and
a further advance In several descriptions is
looked for shortly. Wellington Is quotable at
$10 per ton; New Wellington, J10; Seattle,
$6 50: Bryant, $6 60; Coos Bay, $5 75; Wallsend.
$9; Scotch, $10; Cumberland. $10 In bulk and
$11 50 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$15; Cannel, $1 per ton: Rock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley. $7 60; Coke, $12 per
ton in bulk and $14 in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6 7 /fcc; Powdered, 6%c; Dry,
Granulated, 5%c; Confectioners" A, 5%c; Mag
nolia A. 5%c; Extra C, sH<r. Golden C, 5%c;
Candy Granulated, b%c; California A, s'/ic per
lb; half barrels Me more than barrels, and
boxes He more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are selling freely at the quotations.
The other kinds remain as previously quoted.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6Vic: second do, 5%@
6c; third do, 4®6c per rb.
VEAL— Large, 6@6'/ic; small, 7@"V4o per lb.
MT.'TTON— Wethers, 7@7^c; Ewes, 6ft@7c
per tt>.
LAMB— Spring, 15c per Jb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 4<*#4%c for large, »%c
for small and 3T6@4c for medium; soft Hogs,
B@3V»c; dressed do, 6'J6 Ilc1 l c per lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, February 16.
Flour, qr sks ... 10.074 Hay, tons 243
Wheat, ctls 10.071 Straw, tons 25
Barley, ctls 46.228 Wool, bales .... 4
Butter, ctls 229 Leather, rolls .. 68
Cheese, ctls 146 | Pelts, bdls 8.546
Beans, sks 1.523' Quicksilver, flak. 86
Potatoes, sks . . . 1,517 Eggs, doz 11,520
Onions, sks 109 Hides, no 792
Bran, sks 1.375 Wine, gals 58,000
Middlings, sks . . 540 i Leather, rolls . . 61
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 8001
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were somewhat enlivened by a
rise in the north end Comstocks, which, how
ever, weakened off in the afternoon. Con.
Cal. & Va. sold up to $1.10.
Business on the Bond Exchange was brisk,
an usual, and several securities which have
recently been on the up grade were weaker.
The Oceanic Steamship Company will pay a
dividend of 50c March 1.
The Joint Confidence, Challenge and Imperial
west crosscut No. 1, from the surface tun
nel, was advanced 19 feet during the past
week and is now out 1800 feet. The face shows
porphyry. The flow of water from the face
of the crosscut has greatly decreased.
The yield of the Overman mine for the past
week amounted to 7 mining carloads of ore,
which was extracted from the north drift
workings on the 900-foot level. The average
assay of the car samples of this ore was $17 23
per ton. There is no material change in the
condition of the mine.
On the 1100-foot level of the Caledonia mine
they are still engaged in enlarging, timbering
and putting In chutes in the incline upraise
from the southeast drift.
The La Suerte Gold Mining Company of Ne
vada County has levied an assessment of 6c,
delinquent March 12.
The Live Oak and Minuet Mining Company
of Nevada County has levied an assessment
of l%c, delinquent March 12.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany will pay its regular monthly dividend of
50e on March 1.
The Live Yankee Gravel Mining Company
of Nevada County has levied an assessment
of 2c, delinquent March 13.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Feb. 16—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 60% 51
4s quar c0up. .113% — Pac Gas Imp.. 88% 89%
4s quar reg..1129i — Pac LCo 56>4 57
4s quar new. ..125 — SF G & E.... 90% 91
Miscellaneous — San Fran . 3'; 3%
Cal-st Cab 55. 113% — Stockton Gas. 14% —
Cal El 6s 1264 — Insurance—
C C Wat 55.102m03% Firems Fnd... — 200
Dup-st ex c. — 98% Bank Stocks—
i E L & P 65.. 128 — Anglo-Cal .... 64 —
P&Ch Ry 65.117% — Bank of Ca1..245 247%
[ Geary-st R Ks. — 102 Cal SD & T.. — 100
HC & S 5%. .105 — First Nat ....200 —
ILA LCo 65.. — 100 Lon P & A. .130% —
Do gntd 65. .100 — Mer Exchnge. 14% —
Market-st 65.. 127% — Nev Nat 8...1 M —
Do Ist M ns.Hs\ll6^ Savings Banks-
Nat Yin 8s Ist — 100 Ger S & L..1530 —
N C ngßy 75. 101% — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 65. .111 111%! Mutual Say. 35 40
NRy Cal 55..102\i — iS F Say U.. 470 —
NPC R R 65. 104% — S&L So — 100
!NP CRy 55. 100 102 Vi Security S B 250 —
N CaJ R 5b.. — — Union T Co 950 —
Oak Gas 65... 104 — Street Railroad-
Do 2d is 55. .111 112 California ....107% —
Ora Ry 6s 125»i130 Geary 40 —
P&O 6s 110 115 Marlcet-Bt .... 53% 63%
P&Ch Ry 65. 108% — Oak SL& H. — —
Powell-gt 65...119« i— Presidio 6 8%
Reno WL&L..IOO — Powder-
Sac E^ecßyas. — 100 I California .... 97% —
SF & N P 55.10714107U1E Dynamite .. — 90
8 P of Ar 6s. 103 103% Giant Con Co. 41% —
IS P Cal 65... 110 — Vigorit 9% 4%
SPC Is eg ss. — 100 'Miscellaneous—
S P V.T 6s 112 — Al Pac Assn.. 97% 98%
S V Wat 65..120 120% Ger Ld Wks..loo 150
i S V Wat 45.. 1031,4103% H C & S Co. 84% 35
Stock Gas 65.. 100 — Hutch S P Co. 46 46%
Water Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. 54 65% Nat Yin C 0... — 7%
Marin Co .... 60 — Oc SCo 55 57%
Spring Val ...100%100% Pac A F L.. 1% 2%
Gas & Electric— Pac Bor C 0... 95%100
Cent Gaslight. 95% — Par Paint Co. 7 —
MEL Co 14 144
MORNING SESSION.
i 50 Alaska Packers' Association 98 25
235 Contra Costa Water 66 0
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 35 25
10 do do 34 75
250 do do 34 50
10 Giant Powder Con 43 25
16 do do 43 00
50 Hutchinson S P Co 46 37%
135 do do 46 50
65 Market-street Railway 53 37%
200 do do 53 50
15 Oceanic Steamship Co 59 00
25 do do : 58 25
ttono Park and Cliff House Bonds 108 50
100 S F Ga« A Electric Co. s 60 91 00
20 do do 9100
20 do do 90 75
10 do do 90 87%
I<K> Spring Valley Water 100 50
50 do do 100 62%
Street—
$2000 Northern Ry of Cal Cs Bonds 11l 25
6 Spring Valley Water 100 50
AFTERNOON SESSION.
5 Bank of California 246 00
75 Giant Powder Con 42 50
75 do do 4200
13-» do do 4175
25 do do 4162%
50 Hutchinson S P Co 46 37%
150 do do 46 25
25 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 50
25 do do 57 00
10 do do 57 jS
2r» Mutual Electric Light 14 00
100 Oakland Gas 52 00
150 rlo do 50 00
140 do do 50 50
100 do do 50 25
15 Pacific Gas Imp 89 00
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 89 00
100 S F Gas * Electric Co 90 50
675 Spring Valley Water 100 62%
$2000 Spring Valley 6s Bonds 120 25
500 Vigorit Powder 3 87%
Street—
13000 Northern Ry of Cal «s Bonds 11l 25
BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales " In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday: .
Morning Session—
100 Alpha OS 100 ....:... n
600 Belcher ..... 34 700 Ophir ............ 60
1700 Best & Belchr. 51 500 Potosi •..;. 29
800Chollar ...41 200 Savage .....;... S2
300...... ........;... 42 100 .................. Ji
SO Con Cal & Va..l 10 400 Seg Belcher "«
}M •••••• ....105 450 Sierra Nevada.. 89
100 Crown Point ... 19 100.. ... . »0
800 Gould & Curry. 30 1000 Union Con '."" 42
100 Hale & Norcrs.l 6R 800 ......... 41
"152 ;>•••; ...160 300 Yellow Jacket!." 31
700 Mexican 40 ;
Afternoon Session.
i^^V"""" — " 20 600 Gould & Curry.. 29
600 Belcher ......... 31 200 Hale & : Norcrs 1 80
500 Best & Belcher. 48 100 Mexican £.;V;™ 33
450 Caledonia ; .46 300 Overman " ' ?09
ICO 45 600 Potosi ....;;■.;■."■ 25
$ Chanel.:::::: It ISS^ vage -••-• . »
Bgs%:::::: ' : g SKfoTcoT^ \\
300 Con Cal & Va..l 05 1 200 Utah •■•■■ > - J 12
200 Crown Point . . . 19 1 100 Yellow Jacket! l ;30
Bo^e'sfer^ th * '" the PaClflc Stock
Morning Session— lo:3o
:^-::!:;::::!: ■SS 00 i Hale&Norcrs
Richer::::::::: i 5 %$S8£ :::::: " :^
1100 Best & Belchr. .61 500 .......?. .— — ." ■;*•
:°°. •••••• m i6oo P hir :::::" t»
250 Caledonia 36 400 . ko
300 40 1400 ..:::..v;.v; 6?
300 .................. 41 200 ............:::-•' «
JSchknenge":::- « 500 Overman :••••••• 09
600 Challenge 40 800 Potosi w
800..: ...:.....■ 39 400...-..; ..! ;;;;;; 5?
200 j^.... ...;..-...... 3 g 500 Savage... """ 31
SSSSS'SI & -Va!!l i^^^NeVada:: 83
«° • -••.. io7^ 400 ...:::.. ■;.■.■.■■;:::■■ - : Is'
£cr Own polnt:::1^p olnt ::: 1^^ l ! n . lon .. Con g
ig^Ksi^lg ISS!?. u ei:: g
••••^ ■ .m.. m <;>.« ,SI :?_ r . , ', ;, -> _• ,. : ■ ■•.■■■:■...■.-';:
; .. ~ ~~ ""T"*— **- - 1 "- ' ■" ' ' " • ", ■•-■'--■ ■'-,
Afternoon Session.
TOO Alta. 20 600 Gould & Curry.. 29
*» 19 mo Hale & Norcrs.l 80
40c> Andes 14 425 165
300 13 4i* Mexican 39
200 Belcher 30 500 36
400 31 800 Overman Oi
300 Best & Belchr.. 4S 100 10
500 47 500 Potosl 23
900 46 300 Savage 30
500 Cal<«onla 401400 28
3'Ki 4" I 400 Sierra Nevada.. 84
500 3!i 700 83
300 Challenge 34 250 •. 81
200 Chollar 40 400 75
400 39 300 Union Con 41
600 Con Cal & V.1024|400 40
400 1001600 38
200 98 500 Utah 10
200 96 400 Yellow Jacket . 30
300 Crown Point ... 19
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Feb. 16—4 p. ra.
Alpha 05 06 Julia 01 —
Alta 13 20 Justice — 3S
Andes 12 — Kentuck 03 04
Belcher 28 30 Lady Wash .. — 03
Best & Belchr. 43 v Mexican 35 36
Bullion — <w Occidental 1501 55
Caledonia 40 41 Ophir 52 53
Chollar 36 3$ Overman 08 09
Con Cal & Va. 98 99! Potosl 22 24
Challenge 35 -[Savage 28 29
Con Imperial.. 01 02 j Se* Belcher.... OS 07
Confidence 75 — , Scorpion 06 —
Crown Point... 18 19 1 Sierra Nevada. 70 71
Con New York. 01 02! Silver Hill .... 03 05
Eureka — 25 j Standard 150 ■
Exchequer 02 OS I Union Con 37 3*
Gould & Curry. 27 2S : Utah 11 12
Hale & Norcrs.l 60 165 Yellow Jacket. 2S 3u
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H Thomas. Colorado ,8 D Stelner, Fresno
D A Kendall, San Di««.Mlss R Jacobeon. Cal
C Fleekensteln. Cal |J X Button. Reno
J Davltt. Eureka Mrs A Roberta, Suisun
J H Ganger, Los Ang J A McCarthy, Cal
W S Leslla. Spokane Q D Clark, Butte
G Haynes. Rochester H Thomas, Salida
A C Holden, Sacto T Sheedy, St Louis
P F Ferguson, Cal M Roberts, San Jose
M O'Connell, Petaluma G Freeman, Merced
J Mangels, Vlsalla
BALDWIN HOTEL.
C L Hall Minn H Fritch. St Louis
J C Cobin, Oakland £ J Phlbben, Omaha
J Abrahamson, Oakld : E M Barnard & w,
W B Hagln. Stockton j Grand Rapids. Mich
W C Hew. 11l ! C Atchlson, Pa
J W O'Brien & w, CaP w F Porter Fresno
C S Parker. Chicago j*" O Berry. Cal
Mrs J Odell. S Jose js A Alexander. Fresno
H E Williamson & w, ! H Radln. Fresno
Btockton G F Schuler, Stockton
D B Stephen»on, Ohir M Karpen. Chicago
A H Christie, Wls S J Kllllan. Boston
S Carr, N V
GRAND HOTEL.
C T Fleming. S Jose W C Ashenfelter, Spke
W A Hawley & w. Cal R J Danson. Spokane
W P Gwin. Mont Mrs J M Wlnslow &
A S Collins, Fresno d. Tacoma
W G Collins, Fresno E T Watts, England
H C Collins, Fresno R Walker. Treka
L T Collins, Fresno R Prewitt. Auburn
J H Amord. Portland S H Lynch &w, Utah
R H Walker. NY C A Rockwell. N V
Mrs C Walker, NY E E Smith, Detroit
L R Scary &w. Bols« P V Coodloe. Angels
J Cutler. Armada G L Thomas & w, Cal
F Bishoprier & w, T T Dargie & w, Okld
Idaho 8 C Phipps, Irvlngton
W S Williams. Wls T E Wood. Sacto
W E Mack. Chleo R Harte. Sacto
Mrs M Odell & c, Cal R A Booth & w. Or
G A Hoyt. Seattle E B Stowe. Stockton
B C Veatch. S Crui M Reid. Eureka
J H Trayner, Cal P Reidy. Salt Lake
J A Mclntlre. Sacto !T J Lake, Stockton
PALACE HOTEL.
H H Shutts, Chicago W W Cotton, Ptld
B de Borral, Paris J R Frith, N V
W Oliver, Plttsburg J Cruikshank. Sctld
Miss Gllklnson, NY FA Kenny, Ptld
T X Ledyard, S Jons J B Peakes, S Cruz
I Kline, Chicago X Robey. Baltimore
Mrs W Oliver, Plttsbgi Miss C E Anthony, Ld
A D Foote, Grass Val i H C Splnks. New O
C F Oldham, London j S W Seaman. New Or
Mmc Rltter, Paris • A H Seinshelmer. Cm
T B Seatle. Paris ! Miss Seinshelmer, Cln
F F Sprague. S S Gae E R Fuller. N V
H M Landsberger.Ala Mrs E W Marsh, Ga I
J F Irish, Philadel Mrs M A King. Ga
Mrs Lewis, Fresno G W Parker, Maine
Miss Lewis, Fresno Miss F Parker, Maine
Mrs T Chase, Boston Mrs J Gallegos, ds.S J
O Codrr.an, Mass E M Sandoval. N M
A Grosvenor, Ptld Mrs E M Sandoval, NM
8 A Goldsmith. NY ! R E Steele, Pescadero
J Dalton, NY I L Einstein, Fresno
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Annie, G. W. and C. Letltia Hendry to Mar
garet MeCormlck (wife of William), lot on N
line of Fell street, 156:3 W of Ashbury, W 25
by N 137:6; $10.
William McCormlck to same, same; sift.
Ltllle A. Anderson to James H. Anderson,
lot on E line of Vicksburg street, 206:S N of
Twenty-third, N 53:4 by E 117:6; gift.
Margaretha Hairing yon Araraon (widow of
William) to Antonio Avanzino, lot on N line
of Green street. 77:6 W of Powell, W 30 by N
80 to an alley 10 feet 'wide; also all interest in
alley VA by 90 on E aide of said lot: also all
interest in alley 10 by 30 in rear of said lot; $10.
Marie or Maria J. Haubert to Wlnfteld S.
Keyes, lot on W corner of Third and Silver
streets, NW 75 by SW 75; $10.
Alexander McNee to John H. Stoner, lot on
E line of Tenth avenue, 150 N of I street, N
25 by E 120; $10.
John H. Stoner to Charles Frankel. same; $10.
Walter C. Colton to Mary A. Colton, lot on S
line of D street. R2:6 E of Thirty-fourth ave
nue. E 25 by S 100; gift.
Anna or Annie Norton to Jennie F. Green
(wife of C. D.). Kate White (wife of G. R.).
Francis M., Thomas J. and Rose A. Norton,
lot on W corner of Sixteenth avenue and Q
street. NW 50 by SE 10S. lots 23 and 24. block
333. ON. & H. tract: gift.
Louis and Belle G. Levy to Jacob and Anne
Young, lot on E line of Roscoe street, 75 S of
Crescent, S 50 by E 76, lots 33 and 55, Holloday
map A: $10.
C. E. Mayne to Walter R. Bacon, undivided
half interest in 24 acres of land more or less
lying S of 4-mlle league line adjoining the plat
of Outside Lands in section 26. township 2 S
range 6 W, known as Market-street Extension
subdivision; $10,000.
Alameda County.
John McMahon. John Domney, M. J. Dorgan
et al. to the trustees of St. Mary's College
lots 65. 66 and TO. Academy Homestead, Oak
land: $10.
John McMahon, John Domney, James Griffin
and F. Steiner to same, lots 42 to 61. 63. 64, 6S
71, 72, 73. 62. 74 to 77. same: $M.
Carrie N. Burch to Martha Newland. lot be
ginning at a point 37.11 on a course SW from
NW corner lands described in contract from
J. B. Watson to Oakland Real Estate As
sociates, thence SW 374.25. NW 262.74 to S line
of Lake Shore avenue, thence NE to a point
SE 337 to beginning. East Oakland: also lot on
NE corner of Washington and Seventh streets,
E 90 by N 50, block 70, Oakland (quit claim
deed*; $5.
Elizabeth J. Chivree to William Rutherford,
lot on E line of Twenty-fourth avenue, 2flo S
of East Twentieth street. S 3S by E 150. block
L, 50 Associates' tract, East Oakland (subject
to mortgage): $10.
S. B. McKee to O. H. Nordwell and C. H.
Rehnstrom. lot on N line of Fortieth street
598 E of Grove. E S2 by N 110. being lot 23. re
subdivlsion of Montgomery tract. Oakland An
nex: $10.
Edwin Iten to Ruth Rogers, lot on N line
of Forest . avenue. 123 E of Center street, E
61:7 by N 102:5. heing lot 5, block C. property
of the Berkeley Homestead Association, Berke
ley: $10.
David Hayes to County of Alameda. lot be
ginning at the NW corner of land conveyed
by R. B. Moyer et al. to Oakland. San Le
andro and Hayward Electric Railway by deed
of December 9. IS9I, thence NE 4.83 feet, NW
96.50 feet, SW 1 foot, NE 2 feet to beginning,
Berkeley Township; grant.
THE CALL C.'.LENDAR.
Su.
Fr.
4
11
Moon's Phases.
©Full MoonT"
Febß.
1
2
9
6
8
18
v
| /<r Last Quarter
|<& Feb. 14.
| /^v New Moon,
V*/ Feb. 20. ti
15
IT
24
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chant?' Exchange, San Francisco. February
16, 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, or at exactly 8 p. m.. Green
wich time. W. S. HTTGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point Entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by Official Authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FEBRUARY-lStfS.
Thursday, February 17.
Bun rises «: 56
Bun sets 6:51
Moon rises 8:17 .a.m.
I
H
11:82 :*, 5.1
ii'wi"""
6:03 0.2
6:39 0.7
7:12 1.8
NOTE."— In the above exposition of the tides
the early I morning tides are (riven In ■ the left
hand column - and . the successive tides iof the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column rives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column I rives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
thrco Uflej, m apmettmejt occur*.- : T£? bplfb&_
given are additions to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given is subtractlve from
the depth given by the charts.
BTEAMEKS TO AKIUVbi.
IDOIUI
lident
ler
elsior
r port
& Rosa —
BOTCai....
ott
tol..
teem City.
i Bay
Dyea
'Yaquinaßay
■ Newport
[Alaska ••••
Panama .......
San'Dletro.. ••
Portland • ■
Humboldt......
Departure Bay ••
Crescent Cilv
Newport
Coos Bay —
Victoria and Pu&et Sound
Nanairno ..,
Coos Bay.. •
China and Japan
San Diejro
Hum do id t .....".
P0rt1and...........'
Mexico
its
Puebia.. ..
ma
)lre
Peking....
iona.
th Fora. . . .
imoia
aba —
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. '
rATlox
Columbia. IPortlana
Zealandia. . Honolulu
Jfnnlp I Coquille Rver
President. . I Yaqulna Bay.
City of Para Panama
Humooldt. Alaska
North Fork ! Humboldt ....
Cottage Cty' Alaska
Homer — ! Humboldt
Umatllla . . ' Vie 4 Pert Snd
Sant* Rosa San Diego...
Weeott iHumbldt Bay.
Australia.. Alaska
Excelsior.. Alaska
Coos Bay.. Newport.
State of Cai Portland
Marlpona.. Sydney
Gaelic China AJapan
Arcata Coos Bay
IT. 10 AM
17, 2 PM
17, 5 PM
13. 10 A.V
IS. 12 M
l'J, ......
lit, 9 AM
19, i PM
1». 10 AM
20. 10 AM
•■lO, 11 AM
21, 9 AM
21. 3PM
21. 1 PM
22. 9AM
22.10 AM
23. 2PM
23, 1 PM
23.10 AM
I Pier M
! Pler 1
iPler S
Pier 8
PM S3
Pier"t
Pier »
IPler 9
iPier 9
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pomona... ISanDleuo
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographl«)
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, ii
maintained in San Francisco for the beneflt of
mariners without regard to nationality arwj
'ree of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit th«
ofnce, where complete sets of charts and sail
'-.ig directions of the world are kept on han<l
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always he obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of lntertst to n t . an commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes befora
noon and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mart
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball waa
dropped on time or giving the error, if any, is
published the same day by the afternoon,
papers, and by the morning papers the follow
ing day. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCES.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, February M.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, 62 hours from Vio«
toria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Geo Loo mi a, Bridgett, 33 hours front
Ventura.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefleld, 85 hours from
Tacoma.
Stmr Progreso, Gilvoy, 86 hours fnn Seattle.
Stmr Jennie, Anderson, 60 hours from Oo
quille River.
Bktn Tarn o' Shanter, Perry, 11 days from
Columbia River.
Bktn Uncle John, Murchlson, IS days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr C H Merchant, Brannan, 20 days from
Aberdeen.
Schr Laura May, Hansen, 22 days from Co
lumbia River.
Schr Jennie Thelin, Hansen, T days fm Ooos
Bay.
Schr Pioneer. Mlkkelsen. 14 days from Gray*
Harbor. . ■-'■-,'- ■-«.
Schr Lizzie Prien, Hansen. 7 days from Co
quille River.
Schr Beulah, Mitchell, 8 day* from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Gotama, Dedrick, 6 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Lillebonne, Hansen, 15 days from New
Whatcom.
Schr Seven Sisters, Rasmussen. 5 days from
Coos Bay.
Schr Chas Hanson, Nielsen, . 14 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Esther Buhne, Anderson, 22 days from
New Whatcom.
Schr Gem, Olsen, 10% days from Coos Bay.
Stmr President, Nelson, -62 - hours from Ta
quina Bay.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT ANGELES— In port Feb 18— Ship Co
lumbia and bktn Eureka, from Tacoma for
San Francisco; ship Eclipse, from Departure
Bay for San Francisco.-
TATOOSH— Passed Feb IS— Br stmr Bristol,
from Departure Bay for San Francisco.
ALBlON— Sailed Feb Stmr Cleone, for
San Francisco. -
,--.-■, -. - CLEARED.:^ . ..„*_«.;,
'•"" "Wednesday. February 16.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson. Portland I L H
White Lumber Co. .■- .
Stmr Columbia, Goodall, Astoria; O R & N
Co. -•
Stmr "Whltelaw, Lockyer, Dyea; British. S S
Line.
Br ship Glenpark. Irish, Portland; master.
Br ship Glenflnart, Longmuir, Grimsby; G WL
McNear. - •
Schr Bowhead, Edwards, Kenai. Alaska; A Br
Lassell.
SAILED.
."Wednesday, February 16,
IT S stmr Richard Rush, Roberts, cruise.
Stmr Sunol, Dettmers, Seattle.
Stmr Pomona, Jepsen, San Diego.
Stmr Arcata. Reed, Coos Bay. - {.:
Ship Iroquois. Taylor, Honolulu. :
Br ship Glenogil, Stevenson, Queenstown.
Br bark Natuna. Fretwurst, Adelaide.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Reliance, Hansen. I
Schr Transit, Jorgenson, Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Feb 16: 10 p. m.— Weather
cloudy; wind NW; velocity. 20 miles. ".V-.;;
CHARTERS. ;.•;?-
The Robert Lowers loads : mdse for Hone
lulu; Helen Denny, lumber at this port for
Adelaide, lump sum.
The Windrush was chartered prior to ar
rival for wheat from Portland for Europe, 2Sa
9d.
SPOKEN.
Nor 29—66 S 77 W, Br ship Matterhorn, henc«
Sept 22 for Queenstown.
Dec I—sl S 90 W. Br ship Kensington, hence
Sept 24 for Queenstown.
Jan 18 — 4 N 29 W. Br ship Pendeen, ' hence
Oct 2 for Queenstown.
Dec 25—80 S 22 W, Br bark Forfarsnlre. hnc«
Sept 24 for Queenstown.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Beulah— Captain Palmgren of the schr
: James A Garfield, who had three ribs broken
! and received other Injuries while crossing tha
j bar at Grays Harbor some time since, was
I brought down on the Beulah.
Per schr Gem from Cot* Say Feb 16 — Tues
i day, Feb 15, at II o'clock at night Aug Olsen.
': a native of Sweden, was knocked overboard by
i the main boom during a calm and light winds.
| A boat was lowered in a few minutes, but
| Olsen could not swim and was drowned before
the boat reached him. The accident took place
between Lime Point and Fort Point.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
HUENE ME— Sailed Feb 16— Stmr CoquiHe
River, for Fort Bragg .
EUREKA— SaiIed Feb IS— Stmr Homer and
echr Occidental, for San Francisco.
Arrived Feb 16— Stmrs Weeott and Westport.
hence Feb 14.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Feb 15— Stmr Excelstor.for
San Francisco.
Arrived Feb 15— Schr W S Phelps. from
Prince William Sound.
EUREKA— SaiIed Feb 15— Schr John A. for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 16— Stmr Czarina, fm
Nanalmo; schr James A Garfield and brig
Courtney Ford, from Port Townsend.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 16— Schr W
H Talbot. hence Feh 6.
PORT BLAKELFY— Arrived Feb 15— Haw
bark Diamond Head, from Honolulu.
POINT REYES— Passed Feb IS— Stmr Macki
naw, from. Tacoma for San Francisco.
MENDOCINO-- Sailed Feb 16— Stmr Point
Arena, for San Francisco.
Arrived Feb 16— Schr S Danielson. hence Feb
10.
SAN PKDRO-Arrfved Feb 16— Str Aleatra*.
from Port Los Angeles, and sailed for San
Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Feb 16— Bktn Retriever,
for Puiret Sound.
TACOMA— Sailed Feb 15— Ship Columbia, for
San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEWPORT NEWS. Feb 15 — Stmr FHhn
Thompson, from Baltimore for San Francisco,
is in here with machinery disabled; will repair
and proceed.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CHEMULPO— SaiIed Feb 15— Haw schr Hono
lulu, for San Francisco.
BARRY— Arrived Feb 13— Br ship Samoena.
hence Sept 14.
KOBE— Arrived Feb 13— Haw stmr Aztec, ho
Jan 21. . .
PANAMA— Arrived Jan 2.l— Stmr Newport. ho
r>c 28. and sailed Jan 29 for San Francisco. 25
—Stmr City of Panama, from Arapuloo, and
palled Jan 31 for Acapulco. Feb I— Stmr Aca
pulco, hence Jan 8; stmr Costa Rica, from
Champerlco.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Feb 15-Br ship Claver
don. for Royal Roads. _£.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Feb 15— Baric
Sea Klne. for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Feb 16— Br snip
Brenhllda, for Havre.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS, . ■ •
NEW YORK— Feb 16-Stmr Majes
tic, from Liverpool. .-.-.•■
Sailed Feb 16— Stmr St Paul, for Southamp
ton; stmr Britannic, for Liverpool; stmr Wes
ternland. ! for Antwerp; stmr Burgrundla, « for
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Feb 16— Stmr
v«l. from New York. ,: . x - _■• •• *
Sailed Feb Stmr Trave, for New York. ■
QI'EENSTOWN— Arrived Feb 16— Stmr Teu
tonic, from New York. : '"" |V_ "•-**.
BREMEN— Feb Stmr Weimar,
from New York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Feb Btmr Assyrian,
for Philadelphia. Feb. li-£ta« ''l&matagXM^
LONDON-Sailed Fab 19— Stmr gwmln«Wy
*53L l®&&£Uh.MERCHANTS
ON RECORD
Declare Their Reasons for
Desiring One Gov
ernment.
Bay Cities Are Now Paying
Big Tribute to San
Francisco.
It Is Hoped to Score a Success With
• the Next State Legis
lature.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,
Broadway, Feb. 16.
The Merchants' Exchange has unani
mous . record as favoring con
solidation. It has issued its report on
the matter, and will do all that is pos
sible to try ami bring about a city and
county government. The report was
written by Director J. F. W. Sohst and
adopted by the entire board. Mr. Sohst
was appointed a committee of one to
draw up a pamphlet that could be is
sued officially.
The salient points in the report are
as follows:
If the question is asked of San
Francisco bankers. "Why do you
charge us so much more?" we re
ceive the prompt reply, "Your taxes
are too high. You support two gov
ernments." I stated further that the
tax rate in San Francisco was i>o
cents lower on the $100 valuation
than ours is; so. in all fairness, the
banks should not charge more than
that difference between the two
cities; but, as every one knows, a
mortgage runs from one year to four
years. and the banks do not know
from year to year what jump the tax
levy may make. So, in order to be
on the safe side, they charge $1 in
stead of 60 cents, a difference of 40
cents In their favor.
But, after all, "this 1 per cent
looks so insignificant and picayun
ish that it is not worth noticing.'
So say the non-thinking people of
Alameda, Berkeley and the major
ity of our own city officials. "'We
will not make anything by consoli
dation," they assert. They need a
lesson in multiplication. For in
stance, a $4,000,000 mortgage on
Berkeley property means $40,000 a
year extra Interest— s33oo a month.
Next comes Alameda with a $8.'™) .000
mortgage, and Bhe is perfectly happy
and contented with her situation. We
are told that these cities will never
unite with Oakland, but figures do
not lie. Alameda and Berkeley pay
|60 000 a yar for their privileges. Let
us hone that, before the next Legisla
ture meets they will have changed
their opinion and left prejudice aside,
and will have come down to business
principles.
Has their attention ever been drawn
to the fact that they are throwing
away $5000 a month by supporting two
governments? That is for extra In
terest on their $6,000,000 mortgage
The' Alamedans claim that they
have a city of homes, but they seem
to forget or do not know that one
half of Oakland harbor lies within
their borders; that shipbuilding is
going: on on their side of the har
bnr. and that the Oakland Iron
"Works employ a hundred men day ana
night to put machinery into those
ers. Similar steamers are built
Jn San Francisco and Stockton. Re
move tiie double tax, and a great
.many steamers will be built along our
harbor.
We speak to you as business men,
and not as politicians. Our organiza
tion is composed entirely of merchants
and manufacturers. In politics we be
long to all parties, Republicans and
dyed-in-the-wool Democrats. There
fore, we are far apart in opinions,
but we are of but one opinion in com
ing to the conclusion that we are a
tax-ridden people, and we want to
close up our City Hall and ask you
to do the same with yours respec
tively, and use our county buildings
for city and county purposes.
Another thing- must be considered.
Supposing a man with money wants
to buy a home or start a factory.
Where will he locate? He will locate
where the taxes are lowest. If a man
wants to start a factory and has not
quite enough money, he goes to a bank
in San Francisco to negotiate a loan,
and is told that if he locates in San
Francisco he can get money at 7 per
cent, but that on our side of the bay
they will charge him 8 per cent.
Where will he locate? He will locate
where money is the cheapest.
Our electric roads get a benefit by
carrying people to and fro, which
helps th'-m to pay their many em
ployes the $40,000 a month which they
earn, and the people who live near
the power-houses get a share of this
money. The croakers should give us
credit for keeping the trade on this
Bide of the bay.
It becomes The duty of this exchange
to keep up this agitation and educate
those who have not given the matter
thought as to its importance, and
when the conventions meet this sum
mer to nominate candidates for the
State election all parties will put it in
their platforms, and the people will
pop to it that no one goes to Sacra
mento who is not strongly in favor of
consolidation.
A. D. WILDEB'S FTJNEBAL.
Railroad Employes Honor Their
Dead Superintendent.
OAKLAND, Feb. 16.— One of the largest
and most impressive services ever held in
this city was the funeral of the late
A. D. Wilder, superintendent of the
Southern Pacific Railroad, held to-day at
th<* First Congregational Church.
The honorary pallbearers were: J. C.
Stubbs, vice-president of the Southern
Pacific; J. A. Fillmore, general superin
tendent; Stephen T. Gage, director; T. H.
Goodman, general passenger and ticket
agent: J. B. Wright, division superintend
ent at Sacramento; C. H. Redington, as
sistant treasurer; L. M. Clement, consult
ing engineer; William McKenzie, master
mechanic; W. B. Ludlow, master car re
pairer; W. 8. Palmer, engineer of main
tenance of way: William Baxter, Samuel
T. Alexander, George T. Hawley and
George Strong:, all personal friends.
The casket was borne by W. C. Hub
bert and W. H. Dynes, the oldest conduc
tors; I. Jordan and J. G. RessiKuie. the
oldest engineers; Chief Train Dispatcher
W. H. Norton, and J. M. Dickinson, agent
at West Oakland.
The music was furnished by a quartet
consisting of J. R. Ogilvie, 8. D. Mayer,
J. F. Fleming and W. C. Campbell. Rev.
C. R. Brown officiated. After short ser
vices the casket was. opened, and for an
hour the throng marched by looking upon
the face of their departed friend. The
attendance of railroad men was very
large.
Funeral of Arthur Smith.
OAKLAND, Feb. 16.— The funeral of Ar
thur Herbert Smith, son xif John H.
Smith, 604 Eighteenth stroot, took place
this afternoon, from the residence. The
body, was conveyed to St. Francis de
Balea Cburch,«where mass was celebrated.
Rev. John H. Cull officiating. The inter
montwas at the Catholic cemetery. The
prill bearers were G. B. Datfis, Frank
Gruhs. P. W. Carroll. W. M^Combs, B. H.
Tajrlor and W. H. H. Hu;
Court-Martial for Home.
OAKLAND. Feb. 16.— Lyon Post No. 8,
G. A. R., decided to court-martial Major
"W. O. Home for disloyal utterances. C.
K. King, C. R. J. Adney, K. W. Wood
Most Complexion Powders
have a vulgar glare, but Pozzoni's in a true,
beau tifier , whoso effects are lasting. ,'
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
ward, J. C. Colquhoun, J. Winkler, G. W,
HoKuet and W. H. H. Hussey were ap
pointed to sit as the court, but Mr. Hu?
sey declined to serve, and another mem
ber will be named to sit in his place.
Major Home declares that he desires a
full investigation of the charges.
Was Not a Street Then.
OAKLAND, Feb. 16.— City Attorney
Dow has prepared a written opinion to
the City Council relating to the railroad
tracks on Seventh street, east of Fallon.
He shows that the track was laid under
an ordinance passed November 20, 1861,
which gave the company permission to
lay them from the easterly to the wester
ly end of the street, provided they did
not come within fifteen feet of the side
walk line. He then finds that the place
complained of was not a Btreet at that
time, hence the city cannot compel them
to move the tracks, even though they be
only a foot or two from the sidewalk.
The Estate Nearly Doubled.
OAKLAND, Feb. 16.— Josiah P. Ames
was on the witness stand all day again
to-day in the Harris-Ames ease. The
direct evidence this morning showed that
his sister's estate had grown from $150,
000 to $231,072 7. r i in twelve years under the
management of the defendant. In this is
not included the twelve years' living ex
penses of Mrs. Harris and an invalid
sister's physician expenses and gifts to
nieces and' nephews. The cross-examin
ation of the witness occupied all of the
afternoon. The case will not be com
pleted for some days.
Desire Donations of Books.
OAKLAND, Feb. 16.— The Seaman's
Rest, a reading-room for sailors, under
the auspices of the AJajneda County
Christian Endeavor Union, have made an
appeal to those interested in such work
for good books. They desire to establish
a library and ask either the loan of
works, to be returned on demand, or
their donation. They may b« left at the
rooms. 709 Broadway, or if notified, Rev.
Jrsse Smith, the superintendent, will
send for them.
Poultry Fanciers Organize.
OA.KL\NI>. Feb. It!.— A meeting was
held last evening and temporary organ.
Ization effected of the poultry fanciers of
this county. George H. Croley of Ala
meda was chosen president and F. A.
Romsell of Berkeley, secretary. It was
decided to hold an exhibition in this city
from December sto 10. Constitutions and
THE PRINCIPALS IN THE DIVORCE CASE THAT HINGES ON A BALL AT
THE WATTS TRACT.
b\'-laws will be prepared by F. A. Rom
sell. P. W. Breed and I- N. Cobbledick
and reported for adoption at a meeting
to be held March 1 at 401 Twelfth street.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Feb. 16.— Police Officer Lay
ton was exonerated to-day by the Police
Commissioners. He was charged with
cruelty to the son of Felix Adamine.
Mrs. Tama Yuwaku, who whs shot by
a Japanese lover, and who had the bullet
removed from her spinal column last
week, has pneumonia and is in a critical
condition.
W. J. Risely, a rancher near Corning,
Contra Costa County, writes Chief of
Police Lloyd that his wife and two grown
daughters. Blanche and Belle, left home
on the 12th and have not been seen since.
He wants them sent home.
City Attorney Dow has declared the or
dinance providing for glass fronts upon
all street cars invalid, owing to the omis
sion of a penalty. Mayor Thomas will
veto it accordingly.
Chairman Towne, of the National Silver
Committee, will speak in this city on the
2">th inst., under the auspices of the Ala
meda County Bimetallic League.
Oakland to Have a Becreation Park.
OAKLAND, Feb. 18.— A large force
of mechanics is busily engaged in com
; pleting the recreation park on the line
1 of the Oakland, San Leandro and Hay
■ wards Electric Railway. The grand
' stand and dressing-rooms will be com
i pleted by Saturday evening of this
| week. On Sunday the ball grounds will
: be opened by a matched game between
; the crack nines of the Acme and Re
; liance clubs.
On Washington's birthday the Velo
drome will be formally opened by a
| series of exciting cycling contests, after
which the baseball grounds in the park
will be the center of a lively game be
! tween the Acme Club's nine and the
Klmhurst's nine.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Feb. 16.— Q. W. Dickie of
the I nion Iron Works will address the
engineering students of the university on
March 3 on the subject, "What Difficulties
a Young Engineer May Meet W.ih and
How to Meet Thorn."
The missionary classes of the college
Christian associations have arranged for
the coming term a series of talks by stu
dents ev.-ry Thursday afternoon on "Mis
sionary Biography."
Librarian Kuwell is busy sending out
letters to over 100 libraries, requesting
the establishment of an inu-rlibrary ex
change of hooks.
- At a meeting of the Science Association
on March 1 Professor O. M. Stratton will
read a paper on "Some Recent Experi
ments in Inverted Vision."
Roy R. Rogers will read a paper before
tli.- chemistry section of the Science As
| sociation to-morrow afternoon on "Some
Recent Work on the Decomposition Prod
ucts of Chlorophyll."
Professor A. P. Hayne will deliver an
address next Saturday at the Cloverdale
citrus fair, which will open to-morrow
and close on the 22d inst.
Resent Denicke, accompanied by Lieu
tenant S. A. Cloman, Inspected the uni
versity buildings to-day, preparatory to
the putting in of flre escapes and appa
ratus.
Rev. P. T. Bresee of Los Angeles, one
of the founders of the Church of the
Nazarene, will visit the Berkeley branch
of the church next week.
"Is Life Worth LivingP"
BERKELEY, Feb. 16.-Dr. O. M. Bake
well of the department of philosophy of
the university will acV.iress the Philosoph
ical T'nion next Friday evening at 7:45 on
"Is Life Worth Living?" The meeting,
which will be the seventy-seventh regular
meeting of the union, will be held in
the lecture-room of the recently com
pleted Philosophy building.
THE SA]NT FRAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1898.
THAT WATTS
TRACT BALL
Mrs. Cornberger Went to
It and Stayed
Late.
Her Husband Shocked at Her
Conduct on Many
Occasions.
Judge Hall Will Have to Decide
Which of th» Two Is
Most Guilty.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 16.
Delicate points are always arising in
divorce cases tried In this county, and
the Cornberger case is not go-ing to be
an exception. The last cause celebre
that perplexed the court and interested
the lobby was one in which the ques
tion was brought up of the amount of
pressure an elder of a church should
exercise when he shakes hands with
another man's wife. This matter was
satisfactorily adjusted and now another
problem has to be solved in the propri
eties of married life.
The new question has been raised by
Mrs. Cornberger, and it is this — has a
married woman a right to attend a ball
in the Watts tract, accompanied by a
man not her husband? Mr. Oornberger
declares that no self-respecting wife
would do it, and Mrs. Cornberger does
not see that there is much harm in it.
For two weeks this case has been en
gaging the serious attention of. the
court, and it is far from being settled.
Mr. Cornberger is the defendant in
the rase, and he has told and retold
the stories of his unhappiness. When
ever there is an opportunity to- bring it
up that ball at the Watts tract stalks
forth and the defendant looks at the
plaintiff expecting her to blush, but she
blushes not. When he became aware of
the ball episode, Mr. Cornberger made
some inquiry, and he says he was
greatly shocked to discover that it was
nnt a "married people's" ball, but single
fo-lks were there. In answer to ques
tions, he could not tell exactly why it
should be more culpable to attend a
single folks' ball in the Watts tract
than a dance of married people. He did
not think it was right that his wife
should Ko, although he admitted that he
would not have gone with her, even if
she had asked him.
The Watts tract has figured in social
events before. Net long since one of
its residents loaned another a hand
some masquerade ball dress. The cos
tume was awarded first prize, and there
was a legal contest between the two
ladles as to whether the prize were the
property of the owner or the wearer of
the dress. The tract has been com
pared to the district known as "south
of Market street" across the bay, but
it is more aristocratic.
There are other details in the case,
notably one told of by Mr. Cornberger,
who returned home one night and in
stead of being received with open arms
his wife received him with an open pair
of shears, which he declares were
about twelve inches long.
More Trouble With Electrolysis.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 16.— This morning
the water pipes at Webster and Haight
streets burst and the street was flood
ed for a considerable distance. This is
the same locality where both the water
and the gas company have had trouble
with damage to their pipes from elec
trolysis, caused by electricity escaping
from the streetcar tracks. The pipes
have been completely eaten out several
times and great trouble has resulted.
The water company some time since
announced its determination to bring
suit to settle the responsibility for the
damage done, and it is likely that such
action will be taken before long.
Electric Road Changes.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 16.— Beginning to
morrow some Important changes will
be made in the running of the electric
cars between this city and Oakland.
Heretofore these cars have run around
by the loop system, going to Oakland
by way of Santa Clara avenue and
Webster street and returning by way
of Twenty-third avenue and Park
street. After this, however, the Oak
land terminus will be at Seventh and
Broadway for cars going In one direc
tion and at Eleventh and Broadway for
those going the other way. The initial
point in Alameda for both lines will be
at Park street and Santa Clara avenue.
Cars will leave there on five minutes'
headway, going in both directions, and
transfers will be issued there for those
on either line who desire to go further.
It is expected that this arrangement
will result in making better time and in
using a smaller number of cars.
The Overcrowded Schools.
ALAMEDA. Feb. 16.— The committee
of citizens which has undertaken the
task of formulating some plan whereby
the overcrowded condition of the public
schools can be obviated met last even
ing and discussed the situation. It
transpired that the Trustees were not
willing to increase the tax rate suffi
ciently to enable the proposed repairs
and additions to the Haight School to
be made, and this of course rendered
that proposition nugatory. This left
the committee at sea, and after con
siderable discussion another subcom
mittee was appointed to investigate
and if possible devise some means for
meeting the contingency.
NO CONVICT PRINTING.
Senator Prisk Puts Himself on Rec-
ord as Opposed to the Proposition.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 16.— A short time
ago it was stated in a San Francisco
paper that the Senate Committee on
Public Institutions had visited San
Quentin, and while there the sugges
tion had been made to them and had
met their approval, that the public
printing be hereafter done by convicts.
Senator Prisk of the Grass Valley
Union is a member of that committee,
and he was written to about the mat
ter, as it was not believed that he
would approve the idea. In a letter to I
a local paper he emphatically condemns
the proposition and says:
"I am of the opinion that my fellow-
Senators have been misquoted relative
to employment of convicts to do State
printing.
"While the employment of prisoners j
is a serious problem, I am decidedly op
posed to. the proposition advanced of
teaching them the art of printing, and
I indorse every word contained in your !
article. lam also against the proposi- '
tion of engaging convicts in any kind
of labor which will come in conflict
with free labor. If necessary, let them
be employed in manufacturing furni
ture, for instance. Carload after car
load is being imported into California
every day almost, which is being made
in Eastern prisons. There are perhaps
other kinds of wares which come to us
from Eastern prisons, in the manufac
ture of which we can employ our con
victs."
ADOPTED WATER RATES.
Emeryville Trustees Refuse to In
crease the Cost of Water.
OAKLAND, Feb. 16.— The existing
rates to consumers is the price the
Emeryville Trustees have decided to
allow the water companies to charge
during the ensuing year in their town.
The hydrant rate will be increased to
$2 from $1 75, and water for street
sprinkling Avill be Increased from 15
cents per 1000 gallons to 20 cents. The
company will put !n all necessary pip
ing to enable the town to load sprink
lers without traversing unnecessary
ground. ,
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Feb. IS.— The Thalians
will Rive the comedy, "A Scrap of Pa
per," this evening at Armory Hall for
the benefit of the new organ fund of
Christ Church.
Samuel Kimble, a trainer at the
race track, pleaded guilty to-day in
Justice Morris' court to a charge of
stealing various articles In use in such
places. He had taken about $50 worth.
He asked for the mercy of the court
and was ordered to appear for sentence
to-morrow morning.
The school fund is in rather a de
pleted condition and the utmost econ
omy will be necessary in order to
make it hold out until the end of the
fiscal year.
Music by the Blind.
BERKELEY, Feb. 16.— At the annual
sacred concert to be given by the blind
students at the Institution for Deaf and
Blind next Sunday afternoon the follow
ing programme will be rendered:
Chorus, "Sing O Heavens" (Lansing); piano
solo, "Second Gavotte" (Godard), Master
Charles Cacers; barytone solo, "The Unseen
Kingdom" (Lane), piano and organ accom
paniment, Master William Brooks; piano solo,
(a) Nocturne. On. X, No. 1 (Chopin); (b)
"Son^ Without Words" (Mendelssohn), Miss
Ousslo Blast; organ polo, "Rlaa's Bridal Pro
cession to the Minster," from "Lohengrin"
(Wagner), Miss Lily Smith; piano quartet,
"Largo' • (Handel), Misses Lizzie Wadley and
Susie Winters, Masters Kben Oay and Luclen
Hacigalupi; organ solo, "Offertory" (De
Berlot), Muster Eben Gay; piano holo, "Spin
ning fong" (Oodard). Miss Helen Mesow so- i
pnmo iolo, "I Will Extol Thee," from the ora
torlo "Ell" (Coast), Miss Gushlb Mast; piano
■010, Sonata Op. 10, .N0. 1, allegro molto c con j
brio USeothoven), Miss Lily Smith; organ solo, !
"Variations or 'Adesta Fldolos' " (Thayer),
Miss Gussle Mast; chorus, "Jerusalem" (Par
ker), arranged by Otto FU-lssner.
Broken by the Concussion.
BERKELEY. Feb. lfi— As a result of
artillery practice on the campus this
morning, more than a dozen windows in
South Hall were shattered, and the occu
pants of the building: were given a thor
ough scare. The artillery corps, under
Captain F. S. Knight, had placed the two
big guns belonging to the cadet battalion
on the roadway between North and South
halls. Heavy charges were placed in the
guns and both were discharged simul
taneously. The violence of the concussion
broke fifteen large panes of glass in
South Hall. Fortunately the room in
which the broken glass fell was not oc
cupied, it being the room recently aban
doned by the botany department when It
moved into the new botany building, so
nobody was injured.
Foreign Internal Revenue.
The Treasury Department has ruled
that foreign internal revenue tax re
mitted on exportation of goods to the
United States is an element of dutiable
value of the goods under decision of the
United States Supreme Court In re United
States vs. Passavant et al.
IN THE REALTY
BROKERS' WORLD
Affairs Are Generally-
Regarded as at a
Standstill.
The Grove-Street Theater Prop
erty May Soon Be Sold
by Auction.
Sale of the Redding Residence—Rec
ord Review, Auctions, Sales
and Notes.
Little change is expected in the real
estate line for another month at least.
Moat capitalists are now investing in
non-taxable bonds and stocks, and will
continue to do so until the Assessor
quits active work for awhile. Sales of
country lands have fallen away to al
most nothing, but certain desirable
classes of city property will be sought
after at all times.
The following were th« principal
mortgages and trust deeds recorded
during the "week:
By the German Bank to A. G. and
Ellen E. McFurland, $7700 for one year at
7 per cent, on property on the north line
of O'Farrell street, 214:6 west of Jones, 26
x 137:6; Hibernia Bank to Agnes V. Nolan,
wife of J. E. Holt, $17,500 for one year at
6% per cent, on property on the southwest
corner of Sacramento and Fillmore
streets, 79:6x106:3, and on the east line of
Scott street, 52 south of Sacramento, 48x
81:3; Hibernia Bank to Rosa Oppenheimer,
$16,000 for one year at 6*4 per cent, on
property on the south line of Clay street,
125 east of Drumm, 75x119:6; Union Trust
Company (as trustee for the estate of
Michael J. O'Connor) to Frances C. O'Con
nor, $176,547 on property on the southeast
line of Market street, 45:10 northeast of
Spear, northeast 137:6, southeast 183:4;
southwest 183:4, northwest 45:10, northeast
45:10, northwest 137:6, $50,000 at 6 per cent,
$126,547 bearing no interest and both sums
due on January 2. 1902; Society of Califor
nia Pioneers to Martha H. Holland, $7500
for one year at 6 per cent, on property
on the north line of Sacramento street,
125 east of Drumm. 78:9x30; Mutual Bank
to Covington Johnson, $7000 for one year
at 6% per cent on property on the west
line of Valencia street, 275 south of Her
mann, 25x165; by Caroline Hawxhurst to
William J. Killip, $6000 for six months at
10 per cent on an undivided half interest
in the property on the north line of Post
street, 137:6 west of Jones, 22:11x68:9, on
the southwest corner of Scott and Waller,
116:3x32:6, on the northwest line of Bran
nan, 251 southwest of Second, 46x197:6, on
the northwest corner of D street and
Tenth avenue. 600x120, and on the north
west line of Chenery street, 112 southwest
of San Mateo, 25x100, as well as all inter
est in the estate of Jasper N. Killip;
Thomas D. Blordan to Sarah M. Morken,
$82W for one year at 6*4 per cent on prop
erty on the east corner of Epstein and
Evergreen (Java), and on the south line
of Post, 103:1*4 east of Hyde, 34:4^x137:6;
Anna Kraus to Harry and Matilda Meyn,
$60<K) for two years at 7*/2 per cent on prop
erty on the east line of Folsom, 177:2
south of Eighteenth, 27:2x180, and on the
west line of Treat avenue, 150 south of
Eighteenth, 91:6x65; Savings and Loan So
ciety to Julia F. McGauley, $7400 on prop
erty on the south line of Green, 100 west
of Pierce, 50x100.
The following releases and reconvey
ances were for comparatively large sums:
From the French Bank to Robert
White, $11,000 on property on the north
west corner of Octavia street and Olive
avenue, 30x110; German Bank to Jacob
and Caroline Schwetzer, $10,500 on prop
erty on the south line of Sixteenth street,
32:6 west of Hoff avenue, 30x97; Savings
Union to First Presbyterian Congrega
tion. $12,000 on property on the west line of
Mason street, 80 north of Eddy, 57:6x137:6;
Hibernia Bank to William J. Regan, $25,
000 on property, being a third interest, on
the west line of Montgomery street, 34:4^
north of Sutter, 68:9xflO; Humboldt Bank
to Rudolph Jordan. $20,000 on property on
the south line of Washington street, 97
west of Battery. 122x40; Hibernia Bank to
Louis Levy, $42,000 on property on the
southwest corner of FiHmore street and
Golden Gate avenue, 137:6x137:6; Union
Trust Company as trustee of the estate
of Michael J. O'Connor to Fanny C.
O'Connor, $120,000 on property on the
southeast line of Market street, 45:10
northeast of Spear, 137:6x137:6; same to
same, $22,500 on property on the north
rnst line of Spear street, 137:rt
southeast of Market, 45:10x137:fi;
Eintracht S. and B. Verein to William
A PRETTY NAME
FOR PRIZE FIGHTS.
SuDervisors Issue Permits for Contests in Physical
Culture— Told bu J. Lackmann,
The action of the Grand Jury in reference to the discontinuance of
prize fights in this city has caused considerable flutter in the local pugi
listic world. The Supervisors have also taken alarm at the proposed
cleansing of the city's athletic stables, and for the most part refuse to
discuss the matter at all. The blow has been delivered by the jurors in
so swift and sudden a manner that it has proved all but a knockout to the
City Fathers, who have hitherto ecouraged exhibitions of the so-called
manly art, and only one of them could be found yesterday who was at all
willing to discuss the resolution which was unanimously adopted by the
Grand Jury.
The managers of the different athletic clubs, as well as the managers
of the various pugs who are at present training for contests billed to take
place, are in a white heat of indignation at what they term the unwarrant
able action of the jurors; they assert positively that the contestß of "physi
cal culture" of which they are the promoters will assuredly be "brought
off."
In an interview yesterday J. J. Groom of the National Athletic Club
said: "I was simply astounded to read this morning of District Attorney
Barnes* application of the State law against prize fighting to the boxing
contests which are brought off in this city. I think it very ill advised of
the Grand Jury to promulgate any such order at the present time. We
fully understand that there is a law against prize fighting, but we do not
propose to promote or bring off any prize fights. For the last three years
we have been promoting boxing contests with tho sanction of the Board
of Supervisors under the special superintendence of the Police Department.
A prize fight is recognized the world over to be a "finish" fight with bare
knuckles, and has always been understood to be fought under London
prize ring rules. The contests brought oft* here of recent years have been
strictly under Marquis of Queensberry rules with five-ounce gloves, limited
rounds, and have always been examples of science of skill in tne manly art
of self-defense, and not trials of strength, endurance and brutality. The
National Athletic Club intends to bring off the exhibitions already pro
grammed and for which permits have been granted. We do not in the
least anticipate any adverse action against us by the Supervisors on a
recommendation by the present Grand Jury."
William Greer Harrison, who was president of the Olympic Club for
eeven years, said: "The contentions of the various athletic clubs are legally
correct from an athletic point of view. A prize fight differs entirely from
a contest under Marquis of Queensberry rules. If the contests were promot
ed and conducted by reputable people they should be patronized and encour
aged; but if they are only a means to an end, and that end is betting,
they should be forced to be discontinued by the city authorities. Under
the present system of promotion lovers of the sport are never certain that
the fights are not faked from first to last."
Supervisor Lackmann was the one bright exception among the City
Fathers who refused to talk about the matter. He said: "I have hither
to assented to permits being given for boxing- contests, but if I find that
they are contrary to law I shall support the State law every time. As I
understand it the law does not cover the case of the Supervisors issuing
permits for exhibitions of physical culture. We issue permits for contests
of that kind and not for trials of strength and brutality. So far as I know
the Board of Supervisors has never consulted the District Attorney on the
subject, so I am unprepared to say exactly what legal right we have to
issue permits of this sort."
The fao-Bimile V >t^ " :; s/irTn -sr. m - ** Olk cvei wrapper
signature •of &uz£/x J^oCC&M " of C ASTORIA.
Auction Sales
BASIL H. PAUL'S
LAST CLOSING<OUT
AUCTION
OP
Genuine pi IRQ
Oriental IIUUO,
CARPETS, PORTIERES, Etc,
FRIDAY and SATURDAY, Feb. 18, 19,
AT 2 P. M. DAILY,
AT 116 SUTTER STREET,
Between Kearny and Montgomery.
His collection of Rugs stands without rival.
His auction sale is peremptory and genuine.
All will be sold out before he leaves the city.
No rug lover . can^ord^m^s^his^por-
Auctioneer.
G. Loewe, $9000, on lots 1 to 8, block 57,
Excelsior Homestead Association: Ger
man Bank to William J. Hermann, $6500
on property on the south line of Union
street, 110 west of Taylor, 27:6x120; Hl
bernia Bank to Mary P. and A. P. Red
ding, $10,000 on property on the northwest
corner of California and Laguna streets,
34:4V>x137:6; San Francisco Savings Lnlon
to John and Jemima McD. Smith; $12,000
on property on the south line of Turk
street, 107:6 west of Leavenworth, 30x57:6,
and on the north line of Clay, 137:6 west
of Leavenworth, "2:»;xl37:6; same to Lovell
White, grantee; $6250 on property in block
G. Silver Terrace tract, bounded north by
Thornton avenue, east by Ceres street,
south by Williams avenue and west by
Vulcan street; Hlbernia Bank 10 S. Eu
gene O'Rourke and Margaret Nolan,
$6500 on property on the northeast line
of Fourth street, 130 northwest of Mis
sion, 30xS0; Humboldt Bank to Anna M.
Bening. $15,000 on property on the south
east corner of Ellis and Buchanan
streets, 120x77:6. and on the. southeast cor
ner of Eddy and Webster streets, 77:6 x
120; Germania B. and L. Association
to Henry Meyn, $6400 on property on the
west line of Treat avenue, 150 south of
Eighteenth street, 91:6x65, and on the
north line of Haight street, 175 west of
Lyon, 50x137:6; Hibernia Bank to B. R.
Prince, $8000 on property on the north
east corner of Fulton and Laguna streets,
55x120; same to Xavier R. Loumes, $10,000
on property on the southwest corner of
Stockton and Lombard streets, 63:6x87:6.
MINOR SALES.
Baldwin & Howell report the following
recent sales: Lot and five-room cottage
on Thirtieth street for $2350; lot on M
street, east of Tenth avenue, $450; lot on
Cole street, south of Page, $2400; lot on
Broadway, west of Gough; lot on Beulah
street, west of Cole, with two flats of five
and six rooms; lot on Twenty-second
street, east of Minnesota, $1300; lot on
Twenty-second street, east of Vermont;
lot at California and Laurel streets, with
four flats, $7100; lot at Beulah and Stan
yan streets, $2500; lot and improvements,
210 Locust street, $5250. The same firm
also reports the sale in San Mateo County
of a lot containing about four acres in El
Cerrito Park to George R. Shreve for
$8000. In Burlingame Park F. J. Carolan
has purchased about four acres adjoin
ing his villa, and M. S. Wilson has also
purchased a lot containing about one
A Mr. Anderson of Santa Cruz has
bought of Dr. J. W. Edwards the lot 75x
l°7Sii on the north line of Washington
street 103 feet west of Spruce, adjoining
the lot owned by O. D. Baldwin. About
$10 500 was the purchase price.
F C Reynolds has sold Albert Meyer
the' lot on the southwest corner of Four
teenth avenue and H street. It is 255 x
Louis and Aaron Abrahams have bought
the Redding residence, situated on the
northwest corner of California and La
guna streets, for $20,000. Shainwald,
Buckbee & C">. were the brokers.
UNDER THE HAMMER.
The Grove-street Theater property, be
longing to the estate of W. B. Dolan,
will be offered at an auction sale to be
held by Madison & Burke, the sale being
subject to approval by the Probate Court.
At the same sale will be offered a lot
belonging to Mrs. Elizabeth L. Moxley,
1093030 on the northeast corner of Van
Ness avenue and McAllister street. On
the lot are two large dwellings.
O F. Yon Rhein & Co. have prepared
a catalogue for the 24th inst. It is of a
miscellaneous character, and includes
some sales under order of the court.
Others will doubtless enter the field be
fore the month closes.
A Wayward Son.
Richard S. MacCabe. 932 Church street,
swore to a complaint In Judge Conlan's
court yesterday for the arrest of his son
Frank, 21 years of age, on a charge of
being a common drunkard and vagrant.
EMIL COHN, Auctioneer,
Office warerooms, 785 Mission St.: tel.. Clay
47; $4000 of Stationery, Periodicals and School
Supplies. I will sell THIS DAY (THURSDAY)
and Friday, February 17 and 18, 1898, at 11
each day. at 713 LARKIN STREET, the entire
stock contained In the above store, formerly
belonging, to Mr. Eintracht. This stock con-
sists of everything appertaining to a first-class
store; also one National cash register, nickel-
plated showcases, counters, shelving, etc.
Also FRIDAY. February 18, 1898, at No. 8
Olive avenue, I will sell at 2 p. m.. on account
of Mr. Eintracht' departure for the East, the
elegant and costly furniture of the above resi-
dence.
N. B. — The showcases, register and fixtures
will be sold TO-DAY at 12 o'clock. Also one
fine horse and buggy will be sold at the same
time. For particulars see Chronicle.
' EMIL> COHN. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE.
Thoroughbreds in Training
fc» PROPERTY OF
MESSRS. BURNS & WATERHOUSE
Comprising CASPAR, ALMA, COCEMZA. LO3-
SETTE. BURMAH, COCINA, B. & W., OSRIC
11, GLACIER. SALSBURY 11, BLITZ. MA-
LAY, PRINCE BLAZES. BULLETIN. SING
WING, MISTLETON, SYBARIS (late Thorpe),
etc., at . "; . .
PUBLIC AUCTION
7; - AT 12 M., ON '
SATURDAY, February 19, 1898,
AT
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
1 Catalogues ready.
KILLIP & CO., Auctioneers, ;
11 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
He said the boy for some time had been
consorting with thieves and ex-convicts,
and, notwithstandnig all his pleadings,
refused to lead an honest life.
■ ♦ »
Cutting Government Timber.
The United States Attorney filed a com-
plaint in the United States District Court
yesterday against Thomas Symonds to re-
cover $109 70, the value of Government
timber alleged to have been cut by Sy-
monds on section 9, township 2 north,
range 16 east. AT. D. M.
y^"^|k Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<»-<"> KKAItX VST. Established
Hniln' 1*54 for the treatment of Pi I vats
■ra i iff IHT Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
UfjAsMbflm rtisfasewwirlngoii bodyand mind and
«b?jMmHriifcl skm Diseases. 'I'hedoctorcureswhen
i^BBBH otliors fall. Try him. C'hurgres low.
l'nre»euarante<>d. Callorwrlte.
Or. J. F. I KHOX, Buz 1957. San Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
The New and Elegant ' Steamship
COTTAGE CITY
WILL SAIL FROM BROADWAY WHARF
SATURDAY - - FEB. 19, 4 P. M.
FOR JUNEAU, DOUGLAS ISLAND, SITKA,
MARY ISLAND, KETCHIKAN, LORING.
WRANGEL AND KILLISNOO,
'J'Z'&fti. VIA SEATTLE.
(Passengers for Dyea and Skaguay trans-
ferred at Juneau to Steamer Wolcott.) -■■-.: ■•;
The Magnificent 3000-ton Iron Steamship
/\USXR/\LI/\
WILL SAIL FROM BROADWAY WHARF
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 2 P. M.
FOR SKAGUAY, DYEA, JUNEAU AND
DOUGLAS ISLAND, ALASKA, VIA
' • . ' ■ SEATTLE.
Passengers booked through on this . steamer
without transfer. Fine passenger accommoda-
tions. Plenty of room for dog.i.
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery street,
Palaoe Hotel.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agta.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamers leave ' Broadway wharf, ' Jbifk^
San Francisco, as follows: sISsK.
For ports In Alaska. 10 a. m., Feb. 5. 10, 20,
25, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send, Seattle. Tacoma,' Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.), 10
a. m., Feb. 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, and every fifth day
thereafter, connecting at - Seattle with com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at
Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver with
_ For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), steamer Ho-
mer. 10 a. m., Feb. 13, 19. 25, March 3, 9, 15.
21, 27. and every sixth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Ca«
rucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Oavi-
bta, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San
Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., Feb. 2. 6. 10, 14, 18, 22, 28.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, I stopping only at Port Rar-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m.. Feb. 4. 8. 12. 16, 20, 24. 28, and every
fourth day thereafter. , .--.-.-'
For Ensenada, Magdaiena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia and Guaymas (Mex.) 10 a. m., March I,
April 3, and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of Falling.
TICKET OFFICE-Palace Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery st. :
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.,
• 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
| PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FAPF IS 12 First Class Ineludln* Berth
TAIIC £ 8 Second cia«^ and Meal*
; ;;...,; SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: -i
State of California Jan. 23, Feb. 1. 13, IS
C01umbia........ ..Jan. 28, Feb. 7, 17, IT
■■ Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
■•'■•■- Superintendents.
PHVlllllfl S. S. AUSTRALIA.
IKUlllaw for HONOLULU only,
•C** """ Thursday, February
y^ J. —^ 17. at 2p. m. Special
/v/ l • > party rates.
iSfMmCninc) The S. S. MARIPOSA
Q)lCfllllJlll|/ , a ii 8 via HONOLULU
/gmR/miUand AUCKLAND tot
VyiIfJUIWT SYDNEY, Wednesday.
■ « • • : February 23, at I p. m.
Line to COOLQARDIE. Australia, and CAPS
J. D. 'SPRECKELS 8*:8 *: BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
' Freight Of flee— 327 Market st.. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantiqns.
> ••; French Line to Havre.
• Company's Pier mew). 43 North «.~_.
River, foot of : 'orton St. Travelers /f|i?T>
by this line avoid both transit by •a****
' English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New Tor's: to
Alexandria. ; Egypt, via r-rls. first class $1(0.
second class $116.
LA BRETAGNBJ..... Doeember 11. 19 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE ..December 18. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE. December 25. 10 a. m.
■ fcA CHAMPAGNE ...January 1. 10 a. m.
LA ' 8RET A0N8.r.'. .'....... January 8. 10 a. m
' For further particulars apply to ,
A. FORGET, Agent.
No. J. Bowling Green, New Tork.
. X F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents. 6 Montgomery
: »Ye., San Francisco. . ■ ■• '
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St., at 9
• : p. m. Daily. - '' . ■ .
V FREIGHT RECJiIVKD Li- TO 6:30 P. _ . "
'.Accommodations reserved by ; telephone. .
The only line selling through tickets and gIT.
ing through freight rates to all point* on U>*
Valley Railroad. bteamerB:
T. C. WALKER. 3- D. PETERS. __^_,
MARY GARRATT. CITY OF STOCKTOW.
Telephone Main 808 Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
For San Jose, Los Catos & Santa Cruz
Steamer Alvlso loaves Pier 1 dally (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a- m. ; Alvlso daily (Saturdays
exceptcd) at 6 p. — Freight and Passengers.
Fare between Ban Francisco and Alvlso. bOc:
to San Jose. 75c. . Clay street. Pier - 41 Norta
j First street. San Jose. - : .. .-••■« -y •■■•■■-.■-:■
FOR U.S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEY
' ". *- Steamer " Monticcllo"
■Will lie up to receive new boiler and general
overhauling : on .' February 1, and resume her .
.[ route on March 1. HATCH BRO4V
1314
PAUL GRIGGS
IS A FLIER
Defeated Libertine Over a
Mile in the Fast Time
of 1:39 1-2.
Spencer Landed the Oakland
Handicap With Ar
gentina.
Three First Choices Crossed the Wire
First— Gotobed Won Unbacked
at Odds of 2O to 1.
Paul Griggs and Libertine reeled off
a very fast mile in the Boston special,
decided at Emeryville yesterday, but
the record over a circular course, held
by the latter horse, remains unbroken.
The other starters in the event were
Howard Mann and Robair. Griggs was
a warm 11 to 10 favorite in the betting,
■while Libertine had a large following,
■which took the 8 to 5 offered about him.
The other two entries commanded very
little backing. The half was reached
in 48 seconds, with Griggs a neck be-
fore Brown's big bay. The six furlongs
■were covered in 1:13 fiat, and Griggs
had increased his lead slightly. From
that point on to the wire Libertine was
plainly outfooted, and was beaten out
Jialf a length in l:39Vz. Howard Mann,
not up to a bruising race, easily took
third place from the Ryan entry.
The car/1 was an uneven one and the
betting very feverish. Favorites man
aged to hold their own by taking three
of the events decided. The surprise of
the day was furnished by Gotobed,
vhich won the mile selling dash prac
tically unbacked at odds of 20 to 1.
The Oakland handicap, over one mile
and a quarter, worth $700 to the victor,
though attracting but a field of four to
the post, resulted in one of the prettiest
contests of the season. "Longshot"
Conley's mount, the black horse Ostler
Joe, even though delegated to carry 123
pounds, was made favorite in the bet
ting, a raft of coin going into the books
on him at odds of 8 to 5. Argentina
looked nicely located with but 105 to
pack, still her odds floated back from
13 to o to 7 to 2. Palomacita. with 90
pounds up, was accorded considerable
support at 11 to 5, and Los Prietos was
not neglected. According to orders,
Conley started out to make the run
ning with the favorite, but found the
pace too warm, and, after passing the
stand, gave the lead up to Argentina.
The Baldwin mare was never again
headed, and, despite the furious ride
put up by Conley the last part of the
journey, won comfortably by over* a
length in the fast time of 2:07^. Los
Prietos looked to have finished third,
but show honors were conceded to the
Burns & Waterhouse mare, Paloma
cita.
A cheap band of "skates" started in
the opening six-furlong dash. Sing
"Wing had a shade the best of the
others and after racing Rosa to a
Standstill, won. ridden out by a couple
of lengths. In a drive, W. Taylor i
landed Scintillate in the place, a short
head in front of Rosa. There was no
pronounced favorite in the betting, the
winner going to the post at odds of 5 i
to 1.
. The Inverness colt, E. Come. carry-
Ing the colors of H. L. Frank, was a ;
strong favorite in the betting on the |
■two-year-old scramble at four furlongs, j
. end won in commanding fashion. Semi- I
colon, a well-played outsider, made the |
running to the paddock, where the j
flEst choice collared and led him over j
the mark a head in 49*4 seconds. Odd
Eyes, badly missed about the last six-
■teenth. was nosed out for the show by
JtanieF.
Barney Schreiber's Imperious had
" .'..first call-in the betting on the mile
.selling run, being played down from
-Threes to- 13 to 5. Judge Stouffer and
Highland Ball were equally well back
ed at a trifle higher price. Turning
Into the back stretch. Woods on the
favorite took first position, which he
Treld to the bend for home, .closely fol
' .lowed by Highland Ball. The latter
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB— Oakland Track— 93d day of the Win
ter Meeting, Wednesday, Feb. 16. 1898. Weather fine. Track fast.
602.
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; maiden three-year-olds; purse, $300.
542 Sing Wing 112j 2
. SB3 Scintillate 102 J 5
Df4 Rosa 102 3
542 Ordago 107 6
567 Searchlight 112.10
B«0 Loumont 102 1 4
4R5 Rose Maid 102!ll
650 Ockturur-k IW II
SS?. Idomenus 104 7
6<;o Agnes Tobin KB '<
583 Contado 107 1
E72 Oahu 102| g
590 Joe Levy 104 12
2 1
4 «i
1 ns
3 h
6 h
9 2
10 1
13 4
12 1,4
11 4
5 1
7 h
13
2 2
4 h
1 ns
3 ns
9%
11 24
8 2
12 2
7 '-4
• 10 4
8 1
5 2 '
18
1 24 iThorpe
2ns W. Taylor ...
3 4 O'Connor
4 2 Conley
6 1 Tuberville ...
6 3 H. Brown ...
7 2 Gray
8 2 Rakeman
9 3 Holmes
10 1 Spencer
11 4 Mooney
12 3 |R. Narvaez .
13 |J. Woods
5 5
10 20
6 »
6 8
15 15
10 10
8 7
60 7
6 12
5 7
20 30
12 30
8 4
Time. 1:164. Winner, Burns &. Waterhouse's b. c. by Imp. St. Andrew-Lorllla.
start. Won ridden out.
Good
603.
SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $350.
554 E. Come 108; 3 3 3 3 4 lh ICon
£.7i> Semicolon 103 2 ... ... 1 h 14 2 1 Spe
57S Rainier 101! :. 4 4 4 1 3ns ,H.
585 Ortfl Kyes 104 i 1 ... ... 2 % 2%. 4 C ITho
EM Prinre Will 101 j 7 ... ... 5 4 6 4 6 5 ISte^
5<!5 Ellen Wood 104 1 4 ... ... 614 624 6h iVan
... Whf>at King 108 j 6 7 4 7 2 714 Gra
579 La Condla* v* 8 ... 8 8_ 8 |Mc:
Timp. :4!"j Winner, H. L. Frank's b. c. by Imp. Inverness-Virgin,
easily.
654 E. Come 108 3
£79 Semicolon 103 2
679 Rainier 101 5
685 Odd Eyes 104 1
EM Prince Will 101 i 7
655 Ellen Wood 104 4
... Wheat King 108 6
579 La Condi—, 98 g
3 S
1 h
si
5 4
6 IV4
i*
3 4
1 4
4 1
2%
6 V,
6 24
7 2
8
1 h
2 1
3 ns
4 6
C 5
6 h
7 14
8
iley I 6-5 9-10
?neer i 15 12
Brown ... 15 40
orpe I S-5 9-5
yens 15 80
n Kuren ..30 75
ly 20 2.')
Nichols ...| 20 75
Good start. Won
Me:
604.
THIRD RACE— One mile; gelling; three-year-olds-and upward; purse, $400.
670 Gotohed.*3 88: 6
593 Highland Ball. 3... 90 5
571 Charlotte M. 3 83) 7
'593 Imperious. 3.. 92 4
ESS Judge Stouffer, 4... 1041 2
631 Dally R. Form, 3.. 92 3
EM Yule, 3 97 8
f>S« Catawba. 3 92 1
570 Gotnbod. 3 B<v 6 7h 6h 5% 4n 1 14 IClawson i 10 15
5!>3 Highland Ball. 1... tti 8 4ns 4 4 3ns 214 2 4 (Holmes I 4 4
671 Charlotte M. 3 «3 : 7 8 8 6 \ 6 5 8h JO" Connor .... 12 10
EM Imperious, 3 Ml 4 3 1 In I%i 11 4 4 [J. Woods j 3 13-5
ESS Judgp Stouffer. 4. ..1041 2 21 3n« 2h 54 B2 Thorpe j 7-2 3
631 Dally R. Form, 3.. 92 3 lh 214 424 3h 612 Gray 12 20
EM Till*. 3 S7' 8 6% 7% 7 7 7 Meany 5 10
f.S4 Catawba. 3 92| 1 5 4 5 14 * ... |McXlchols ... 8 10
7 h
4 ns
8 .
3 1
2 1
1 h
6 %
5 4 ■
8 h .
4 V,
8,
1 n
3 ns '
2 14
7%
5 14
5 %
3 ns
IS
2 h
4 24
4 n
2 14
6 5
1 1
5 4
3 h
7
1 14
2 4
5 h
4 4
8 2
6 12
7
"lawson ■ .....
holmes .".
)' Connor ....
r. Woods
:i
rhorpe
* ray
kleany .......!
icNlchols ...
* Broke down.
Time. 1:414. Winner, Atkin & Lottrldge's b. c. by Imp. St. Andrew-Termagen. Good
Ftart. Won easily.
£*r|C* FOURTH RACE— One and a quarter miles; all ages; the Oakland Handicap:
OUO» purse, $1000. . .
""index. Horses "Weliht'.TstTVtd. %m. \£m. %rn7 StrT Fin. I Jockeys. [Op! Cl".
593 ArKentina. 5 105) 4 1%, 12 13 14 124 114 I Spencer Jl3-I
557 Ortler Jo«". a 123il 2h 3h 22 2ft 2h 2\ ;Conley 9-J
:-! I'alomaiita, 5 001 3 314 33 34 Sn 4 3ns jClnwson J
589 Lob Pr'.ptos, .", 9S; 2 4 4 4 4 3_4 4 |Qray <
Time, 2:CT'i. "Winner, E. J. Baldwin's b. m. by Gano-DoUie L. Good BtarT"
handily.
C 7-2
5 S-5
2 11-5
6_ 6
Won
/>A/) FIFTH RACE— One mile; four-year-olds and upward;
DUOi puree, $400.
Index. Horses! Weight. I St. V m. %m. %m. Btr. ~Fln
the Bostontan Special;
l. ] Jockeys. jOp. Cl.
593 Faul Grlffss 90 1 2 2 7 In U 14 14 (Gray I 111-10
RS7 Libertine. .4 Ml 12 210 212 2 6 IT U. Woods 3-2 8-3
(260) Howard Mann, 5... 90; 3 3n 32 3(, 33 3 15 IClawson 4 5
. Hot»lr. 4 ...»(< 4 4 4 __4 4 ilv.wns 40 75
Tinr.o, l:St%. Winner, B. J. Johnston's gr. h. by Imp. Order-Lucy Lisle. Good start. "Won
cleverly.
Woods.'.'.'.'.'l
iwson
wns
CtCk'T SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; maiden three-year-olds; purse, $300.
592 Town Topics ]
SM) Ra valet te !
ESI Flandes ]
452 Texarkana !
»S4 Royal Prize :
553 Forest Guard :
FfiO Fallen Princess i
600 Hlmera !
Town Topics 109 !
Ra valet te 107 ]
Flandes 113 I
Texarkana 114j i
Royal Prize 109 !
Forest Guard 109 i
Fallen Princess — 102) !
Hlmcra 107! <
Time. t:SRfc Winner, M
2
1
8- -
5
8
3
7"
4
2 ... 22 224 214 In Confer-.. 1-6 2-5
L ■•• S3 If, 11 lU ■ftzdm '" sl
6 ••• «U4 5 1 6 2 3-24 Tubervtrie ... 4 5
f — " |J» ■ *3 3 2 414 C. Sloan /..... CO: 100
8 ... '5 1 4h 42 515 Spencer 50 20
3 •■• '♦ ** 51) . 6 4 Clawson '■*-.'..*.. I 40 60
T ... -■"" f'v 8 " 4 715 R. Narvaez .( 100 100
4 ... 3h 6_4 S 8 B.Jones ..... 100 '50
if. J. Daly's b. $. by Sensation- Alcina. Good start. Won easily.
*
: 22 -
S3
6 1%
4 4
'6 1
7 4
S
3 h
2 14
1 24
5 1
1 3
4 h
7 4
8
_6Ji
2 14
6 2
3 2
4 2
G h
" 4
s
1 n 1
26
3-24
4 14 !
5 15
« 4
7 15
8
gradually moved to the front and look
ed to be winning, when opposite the
paddock Gotobed shot clear of the
bunch and won galloping in 1:41^2-
Highland Ball easily disposed of Char
lotte M for the place.
Town Topics was a prohibitive choice
for the final six furlong run, and ex
perienced no difficulty in winning eas
ily from Ravelett,e. Flandes came
strong at the finish, taking the show.
TRACK ITEMS.
' The third event was responsible for the death !
; of Nell & Coney's shifty performer Catawba.
i Just after the field had passed the three
: furlong pole from the wire the gelding was
| bumped, and. crossing his legs, had one fore |
ankle snapped. A bullet ended his misery.
Spencer rode a raoe astride Argentina that ,
! would be hard to Improve on. If the odds j
didn't bother the tall boy he would command j
a big following at the track, for he Is a very j
clever rider.
E. C. Sachs & Co. of Fresno are laying the j
j following prices (subject to change) on the i
Brooklyn Handicap: Ben Brush 5 (128), Orna- j
i ment 4 (127). 5 to 1 : imp. Isador 4 (106), 10 to 1; j
Plaudit 3 UOS). Fleur de Lis 4 (103). 15 to 1; |
I Ben HoMday o (121). Traverse 3 (98) 20 to 1;
1 On Deck 4 (120). Dr. Catlett 4 (11T). Lehman a
iIH), Handball 3 (100), 30 to 1; Howard Mann 5 '■
(ITS) Ix>kl 5 (109), Meadowthorpe 4 (I>>T>. Pre- I
riotu 3 (104). Michael 111 3 .57). 40 to 1; Ogden
4 (109). Semper Ego ;> (106). 50 to 1; Tillo 4 Ul> .
■ Lake Shore a HO3), 60 to 1; Typhoon II 4 (1H), I
Ben Eder 5 (109), Algol 4 (107). Macy 4 (MM, j
Dr Sheppard 4 (102), SO to 1; Buddha 4 (112), |
Lou Bramble 4 (104). Ulysses 5 (MB). St. Bar- ;
tholomew 4 <1M), Great Bend 3 (9.".), Winged
Foot 4 (95), Schiller 5 C J 3). Sensational 3 (!*0),
100 to 1; Premter 5 (11)6). 140 to 1; Don de Oro I
4 <113). Byron McClelland 5 (109), Mohegan 3 |
: (97) Sly Fox 3 (92), Our Johnny 4 (88), 200 to !
1; Merry Prince 5 (105), 260 to 1; imp. Royal j
Stag 5 (110), 500 to 1.
Following are to-day's entries:
First Race— Five and a half furlongs; thre«
yrar-olds and upward; selling.
: 596 Roxey Murphy.lO2i 601 Digga 107;
6<») Mount Roy 107! 525 Jerilderio 105 :
458 Monitor 107 560 Tom Smith 107 '
601 Elsmore 105 596 Pat Murphy ...107 ;
600 Eakins 107 571 February 105
I 465 Entrata 100 306 William 08. ...110
! 490 Tim Murphy ..107! 596 Little T G 100 1
! 596 Harry Gwynn..ll» 582 Plumeria 105
5M Kaiserin 100 582 Sir Richard 110
440 Toto 100
! Second Race— One mile; three-year-olds; sell
! ing.
560 Bonita R 93 s 554 Good Friend 105
i 596 Magnus 106 1 (592) Dr. Marks 105 j
ESS Prince Tyrant. .llli ... Brier Hill 108
583 P. A. Finneganlu2 392 Bow and ArrowlOO
G67 Musculado 100 570 Bonito 107
i;.s4>Morlnel 103 602 Loumont 93
' 680 Dk. of Tork II.IOS
! Third Race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds.
597 The Miller 93 1 573 Anchored 105
i.-'TiMalay 11" (591)Amoltopec 107;
579 Stone' L 107 597 La Parresseuse.lo7 ;
* ... El Mido 110
Fourth Race— One and an eighth miles; four
1 year-olds and upward; selling.
i '672 Mrs. Shade .... 92: SW Paul Pry 107 '
581 Mamie G 97 [* 9 P on Clarencio.,lo7
(599)Rey del Tierra.Ki" 6 9 * I™! 1 - Devil's D. 97
lsso)Can't Dance ...109 574 George Palmer. 94
588 <''>Ilins 109> 594 Adam Andrew.. 97
(574) Coda 107 <s."l)Veragua 105
894 Metaire 99 ; 576 Sly 102
I f.74 Heidelberg 97
Fifth Race — Seven furlongs; thr«e-year-olds :
! and upward.
I 598 Lord Marmlon. .107' 593 Lincoln II 101 j
. 299 Senator 81and. .117 330 Ace 11l
i (595)Roche 114! is93)Flashlight 117 !
Sixth Race — Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and upward; selling:.
f.S2 Amelia Fonso...lori 600 Fly 107
R9O The Aoe 102 ETI I Don't Kn0w. .107
GOO Don't Skip Me.M5 600 Spt. McAlllster.llo
, E92 Valencienne 10' 601 Lone Princeas. .105
601 Howard 107 563 R. Q. Ban 110
601 Satlcoy IOC 556 Allle Belle 100
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY
First Race— Dlggs, Eaklns, Plumeria.
Second Race— Brier Hill, Duke of York 11,
Morinel.
Third Race — El Mldo, Amoltopec, Malay.
Fourth Race — Rey del Tierra, Can't Dance,
Paul Pry.
Fifth Race — Senator Bland. Ace. Roche.
Stxtli Race— Sport McAllister, Don't Skip Me,
Howard.
Rheumatism cured. No pay until cured. Dr.
Gordin's Sanitarium. 514 Pine.nr.Kearny,S.F..Cal.
CANADIAN POACHERS.
Collector Jackson Orders the Seizure
of Two Suspicious Looking Can
adian Vessels.
Collector Jackson yesterday morning re
ceived information to the effect that two
Canadian sealing vessels had put into
Drakes Bay for repairs, and that they
had probably been fishing in the waters
of the United States. The Collector at
once notified the United States revenue
cutter Rush to proceed to Drakes Bay
and vicinity for the purpose of overhaul
ing the vessels, and of capturing and
confiscating them should any skins taken
in United States waters be found on
board.
It was afterward learned that one of
the vessels was the Mary Taylor, whose
captain was in port recently getting some
men for his crew, and that both vessels
had left Drakes Bay a few days ago.
Disturbed the Performance.
Emil Flubaeher was fined $80, with the
alternative of sixty days in the County
Jail, by Judge Campbell yesterday for
disturbing the peace. He attended the
Orpheum, and raised a row as a singer
appeared on the stage. He offered drun
kenness as an excuse, but the Judge re
marked that it was a serious rase, for a
large number of people paid to see the
show, and they must be protected.
THE SA:tf FRAXCISCO CALL, THUESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1898.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
J. A. Devlin, a capitalist of Astoria, is
at the California.
Adjutant-General A. M. Barrett is at
the California from Sacramento.
James R. Frith, manager of Dun's in
New York, is a guest at the Palace.
John A. Mclntyre, a mining man of
Sacramento, is a guest at the Grand.
C. S. Cutter, one of the leading men of
Sonoma, has taken rooms at the Russ.
B. Frank Walker, Sheriff of Yreka, is
at the Grand on a short visit to the city.
W. A. Brewer has come up from San
Mateo on a visit and is at the Occidental.
H. E. Williamson, a prominent mer
chant of Stockton, is a guest at the Bald
win.
Judge J. E. Pruett, one of the leading
jurists of Auburn. Is a guest at the
Grand.
W. W. Williams, a big cattle man of
Nevada, is at the Russ on a short busi
ness trip.
J. B. Peaks, a hotel man of Santa Cruz,
is staying at the Palace on a short trip
to the city.
V. Cook, a mining man of Portland,
Oregon, is one of the late arrivals at the
Occidental.
Dr. Galen Burdell, a well-known and
wealthy physician of Novato. is a guest
at the Lick.
George W. Parker, a prominent and
wealthy resident of Bangor, Me., is stay
ing at the Palace.
Hart North, the recently appointed
Commissioner of Immigration, took pos
session of his office yesterday
Colonel Hardln, the milionalre cattle
man of Santa Rosa, is at the California,
together with his wife and daughter.
M. H. Walker, the Salt Lake City mil
lionaire. Is staying at the Occidental,
where he arrived yesterday with his wife.
"Seeing the ac
counts of the
whaler relief ex
pedition in The
Call brings to my
mind an occur
rence of several
years ago, when
SOME ONE
CUT
THE ROPES.
I was a mate on one of the vessels of the
whaling fleet." said Z. T. Jennings, a re
tired seafaring man, at present at the
Grand.
"We were lying off Cape Thompson, and
the captain had aboard four large bar
rels of bad whisky, which he intended to
trade for bone on the Siberian side. We
had put into Cape Thompson for fresh
water, and were to leave in a few hours
for the other side, when, just as our bad
luck would have it, we saw a steamer's
smoke to the southard, and in a few
moments we made her out to be the
revenue cutter Bear. As our vessel had
only sails, ther* was no way to escape
her, and to be caught with whisky aboard
meant a confiscation of the ship, the
breaking up of the cruise and the possible
imprisonment of the captain. The 'old
man' was in a quandary. He did not
wish to lose the whisky, out of which he
expected to make big profits; neither did
he want to get into trouble. Finally he
hit upon the scheme of weighting the
barrels and sinking them over the side
attached to ropes, by which they could
be again hauled up when the search was
over.
"The cutter arrived, and, after a
thorough search, departed on her way
north, having found nothing contraband
on board. Then the 'old man.'chuckling
at his own cleverness, went to fish up
his bugjuice. But it was not there. Some
one of the crew who had a grudge to pay
off had cut the ropes and allowed the
barrels to go to the bottom. The guilty
party was never discovered, though the
captain offered his share of the first
whale to the man who would put him in
the way of a five minutes' private inter
view with the offender."
Colonel Montgomery, one of the best
known and most popular of the New York
clubmen, is registered at the Occidental.
J. S. Noble, superintendent of the
Shasta division of the Southern Pacific,
is registered at the California from Duns
muir.
B. H. Upham, a wine-grower of Mar
tinez, has taken rooms at the Lick, where
he will remain during the short time he
is in the city.
President Hugh Craig of the Chamber
of Commerce has left on a business trip
that will take him to London. He expects
to be gone some time.
Dr. Edward N. Ewer, one of Chicago's
foremost physicians, is at the Palace on
a visit of pleasure to the city and the
southern part of the State.
Isaac Kein, the manager of a syndicate
controlling a number of large department
stores in Chicago, is at the Palace on a
pleasure trip to California.
M. yon Baumbach, a wealthy brewer
of Milwaukee, is at the Occidental, ac
companied by his two daughters. They
are on a sightseeing tour of the West.
N. Gray, agent for the Alaska Com
mercial Company at UnaJaska, who is
at the Occidental, leaves to-morrow for
his home in the north, after a few weeks'
vacation spent in the city, the first one
he has had in several years.
At a meeting of the directors of the
Sharon estate yesterday it was decided
to place the Grand and Palace under one
management. The resignation of Man
ager Thorn of the Grand was accepted,
and hereafter that house will be. run as
an auxiliary to the Palace, under the
direction of Colonel Klrkpatrick. Mr.
Thorn has not been in the best of health
for some time, and will, as soon as he
has wound up his affairs, leavo for an
extended trip through the East, in the
hope of finding relief.
Marie Wal n
wright, who is to
appear next Mon
day at the Col
umbia in "Shall
We F orgive
Her?" tells the
following anec-
AN
ANECDOTE
OF BOOTH.
dote of Booth and Salvlnl. the elder.
"It was just ten years ago when Sal
vlnl, Booth and myself were playing to
gether in 'Othello' at the Academy of
Music in Philadelphia. Salvinl played
the title role. Mr. Booth appeared as
lago and I was Desdemona. In the first
act lago leads Desdemona Into the coun
cil chamber. It is a most effective en
trance, because in this country It is al
ways made through the central arch up
stage.
"But this was not Salvlni's way of play-
Ing It. He was disposed to reserve all the
good points for himself and said he would
not allow us to come on In that manner,
but that we mi;Bt make our entrance
from the left Bide.
"It was quite absurd to spoil the scene
in that way a.nd naturally I protested.
But you remember what a quiet, lovable
man Mr. Booth was. Without speaking
further to the prompter about it he
told me we would make the entrance from
the side during rehearsals, but in the
evening we would come in from the cen
ter. And so we did. Salvini was at his
grandest and rolling off the Italian for
'Here comes the lady, let her witness
it,' looked to the left for us. we
were standing almost at his side/
"Of course he was furious and ex
pressed himself more than forcibly when
the performance was over. Mr. Booth
listened for a while and then quietly said
to him: 'Mr. Salvlnl may do these things
as he pleases in Italy, but he is now in
America where courtesy and fair treat
ment is accorded to all women, whether
on or off the stage.' Salvlnl quieted
down at once and never again objected
to the entrance being made that way."
Can't Get a Conviction.
The police have about given up hope
of obtaining a conviction against pool-
sellers. Yesterday J. TV. Hammond was
tried before a jury in Judge Joachim
sen's court for violating the pool ordin
ance on January 31 at 27 Leidesdorff
street. The jury, after hearing the evi
dence, rendered a veruict of acquittal on
the lirst ballot. ± our cases were recently
tried before juries in Judge Low's court
with a similar result.
A CHILD KILLED.
The Six- Year-Old Son of Dr. Bu-
chanan Bun Over by a Truck.
James C. Buchanan, the 6-year-old son
of Dr. Buchanan of 441 Hayes street, was
killed last Tuesday by being run over
by a truck.* He had been playing on the
wagon, which had been driven into a va
cant lot on the corner of Fell and Octavia
streets. The driver had gone away and
left the horses attached to the vehicle.
Young Buchanan and three other little
boys got on the hind part of the truck,
and Buchanan fell off just as the horses
backed up, the hind wheel passing over
his body. The accident happened at 5
o'clock, and the little sufferer died at
ten minutes before midnight.
The Coroner will hold an inquest.
The Tea Cases.
The matter of the appeal to the United
States Circuit Court of certain Chinese
importers of Canton teas from the deci
sion of Collector Jackson, backed by that
of the Board of General Appraisers of
New York, was argued yesterday in the
Circuit Court, Judge de Haven sitting on
the bench. Edward Lande represented
the Chinese and Assistant United States
Attorney Knight the Government. The
case was taken under advisement. The
tea was refused admission because the
Government at that time had not fixed
a standard for Canton teas.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third Btreets. open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clook.
2T.26 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 0:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. •
M ;- w ' n meet THIS (THURSDAY) _A
EVENING. February 17. at r^lfV
0 clock. First degree. By order of the /V>
Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Sec.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M ft
121 Eddy Called meeting THIS A
(THURSDAY) EVENING at 7:30 •SO?
o'clock. First degree. All Masons are rW^
invited. By order of
THOS. L. HILL, W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Sec.
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15, <asmUU>s
I. l). O. F. Officers and mom- 07*Tf&t
bcrs are hereby notified to attend
the , regular meeting THIS **••**
(THURSDAY) EVENING. Revision of the
• by-laws. GEO. L. PERHAM, N. G.
JAS. BOYES, Rec. Sec. >
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of stockholders of the Western Beet
Sugar Company will be held at the office of
the company, 327 Market st.. San Francisco,
Cal., on TUESDAY, the Ist day of March
1898. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the trans-
action of such other business as may come
before the meeting. Transfer books will close
on SATURDAY, February 26, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
M'l.dAl. NOTICES.
ORPHANS for adoption— 6 boys, 5 girls; all
nges less than 8 years. J. W. DANIELS,
131 Montgomery st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tei. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $2 50. and whitened from
$1 up. 239 Third st. and 2SOB Twenty-fourth.
MRS. DR. FISH, rm. 2. 116 A Grant aye. ; elec-
trician; alcohol, Turkish baths: unrivaled.
MRS. STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120^» Geary st., room 11.
MME. HANSEN, lat»st galvanic battery and
cabinet baths, llf- Taylor Bt.
DIVIDEND NOTICtS.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 78 (fifty
cents |.nr share) of the OCEANIC STEAM-
SHIP OiMPAN'Y will be payable at the of-
fice of the company. 327 Market st., on and
after Tuesdny, March 1, ISSB. Transfer books
will closp on Wednesday, February 23, 18yS,
at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. 11. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND No. 52 (forty cents per share) of
the Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation Company
will be payable at the office of the company,
327 Market St., on and aft»r Monday, Feb-
ruary 21, ISSB. Transfer books will close on
Tuesday, February 15, 1898, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— I- EM ALE.
FRKNCH second girl desires situation; good
seamstress or as nurse; best references. MISS
CULLEN, 32,-) Sutter St.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurs" or housework; $10 to $15; reference.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and laundress de-
sires situation; 2^ years in last olace; city or
country. MISS CULLBN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED woman, with girl 4 years, desires
situation; bpst reference; city or country-
MISS CULLEN, 525 Sutter st.
RESPECTABLE American woman Is greatly in
need of work anri a good home; temperate; is
a good worker and can do any kind of work;
has references; please call or send car fare;
light wages. 664Vs Howard St., room 20.
LADY, being suddenly thrown upon her own
resources, would like a position as working
housekeeper; excellent references. 1016 De-
visadero st., near Turk.
DANISH first-class cook; 2 years last place;
i understands all branches cooking. MRS.
' NORTON, 323 Sutter St.: tel. Green 721.
RESPECTABLE German woman, with child of
7, wishes place as housekeeper or do house-
work; wages $R month; country; references.
Address box 1161, Call.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged woman
(German) for Reneral housework; good plain
cook; city or country. 124 Wildey st., off Fill-
more, near Bush.
SITUATION by competent middle-aged woman
to do housework: city or country. Call for 2
days at 759 Mission st.
DRESSMAKER would like engagements In
private families by the day, $1. Address 510
Diamond st.
YOI'NG girl, 14 years, wishes to work for her
school and board. Apply 354 Third St., up-
stAirs.
YOUNG woman wants situation as cook or
housework in the country' or city; wages $25
or $20. u.i6 Eddy St., 37. till 6 o'clock.
NEAT, respectable young girl to do light
housework : one who is willing; sleep home;
Mission. Address box 1171, Call.
NURSE wishes to cure for Invalid; best of ref-
erences. A Rebekan. Address for 2 days.
Nurse. 303 Edd- st.
LADY wishes working housekeeper's position j
or plain sowing. 34 Sixth st., room 6.
YOUNG woman would like housework or nurs-
ing at 1163 Market St.
LADY would like position to do housework or
washing; can sew. 1332 Florida St.
YOUNG lady wants position as saleslady. Ad-
dress box 1172, Call office.
WOMAN wishes situation to do plain sewing; or
mending. 116 Sixth St., room 6.
"WORK by the day, cleaning, sweeping. MRS.
ROWLAND. 112 West Mission St., rear.
YOUNG woman wishes housecleaning or wash-
Ing by the day. Address 4344 23d st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
"WANTED— Experienced, respectable woman,
with 4-year-old child, will do housework and
cooking for $12 to $15 a month; good cook;
neat and thorough worker; competent to
take entire charge of work in small family;
country preferred. Address MRS. It. ELD-
RIDGE, Dwightway Station, Berkeley.
RELIABLE, refined German girl wishes situa-
tion to care for child: can give ladles German
lessons; also do fine embroidery. Address
1221 OTarrell st.
COMPETENT German woman wants work by
the day; washing, ironing and cleaning; is &
good worker. 17 Bridge place, off Broadway.
YOUNG woman desires a position as working
housekeeper or to do plain mending. Address
126 Fourth st., room 21. second floor.
GERMAN girl wants a place for cooking and
general housework. Call 356 Third st.
YOUNG woman wishes position In country to
do light housework; good home more an ob-
ject than wages. Box 1144, Call Office.
BY a refined, intelligent young Englishwoman,
a situation as lady's companion or nursery
governess; best of references furnished. Ad-
dress S , Rubs Houb«.
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
VISITING governess; English branches and
music taught by a refined and competent
young lady. Call mornings at 272S Pine st.
WANTED— Position as saleslady in dry goods
store; 10 years in last store; no objection to
country. Address box lir.2, Call office.
AMERICAN lady wants housework by the day.
Call or address C, 212^ Sixth st.
YOUNG girl to assist cooking and general
housework. Address 925 Harrison st.
ELDERLY woman wishes place, city or coun-
try; $8 or $10 a month. 270 Minna st.
PIANIST— Quick reader, wishes position lt»
Call office, 339 Hayes st.
RELIABLE elderly woman wants a position In
a, small family; would make herself generally
useful; good home, moderate wages. Ad-
dress box 1127, Call Office.
I COMPETENT, reliable woman wishes work by
J the day; $1 per day and car fare. 114 Fourth
St., room 33.
TWO young ladies, experienced in making up
medicine chests for Klondike, desire situa-
tions. Box 1139, Call office.
YOUNG Swedish woman wants general house-
work by the day in respectable families; ex-
cellent laundress, cook or housecleaner. Ad- 1
dress D. A., box 1080, Call office.
DRESSMAKER desires engagements by the
day; all kinds of family sewing; first-class
work. Box 1099, Call office.
YOI'NG woman wishes working housekeeper's
.position or to do plain mending. 131 Fourth
' st.. room 1.
SITUATION* WANTEO-UALU.
PRI'NERS. place hands and other vineyard
and orchard help can be had at once at C.
R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 108 Geary st.
CHINESE and Japanese (esta\>. 20 y?ars) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay «t.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; house
cleaning; tel. Grant 56. G. AOKI, 30 Geary.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best* help. 414V4 O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
HUNTER & CO., Chinese and Japanese emp.
office. 614 ft California st.; tel. Main 231.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help and
Northern Hsclng Co. 1808 Polk; tel. Polk 422.
JAPANESE employment office; work d»y.
hour or evening. 122% O'Farrell; tel. Davis oto.
STEADY, middle-aged German wishes situa-
tion as coachman and gardener; do general
useful work; private residence; city or coun-
try; good references. Box 1167, Call office.
STRONG, willing young man who understands
horses and cows wants a Jot) In or near this
city. C. PERROTT, New Avenue House, oor.
Kearny and Jackson sts., city.
PRINTER, 15 years' experience in various ca-
pacities, wants position; sober, capable;
steady situation more an object than large
wages. Box 117. r >, Call.
SINGLE German desires position as porter or
Rny kind of work; is handy around horses,
also with tools. Box 1165, Call office.
ARPENTER, cabinet-maker, young man,
good mechanic, wants a situation. Call or
address 724 Mission st.
RELIABLE man with good horse and cart
wants work by day or contract; tack signs,
etc. ; experience. Box 1173, Call office.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
YOUNG, sober, Industrious Swede wants work
around family place; care of horses and
drive; reference. Address 1434 Broadway.
YOUNG man wishes employment as office
clerk or bookkeeper; has good experience;
can furnish good reference. Address box
1522. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by first-class Eastern
» coachman; best of reference from Vanderbilt
family furnished. Call or address Coach-
man, 722 Bush st.
HOROUGHLY competent and reliable young
American would like a position as hostler or
stableman in or near city; good references.
Box 1160, Call.
SITUATION by a middle-aged, sober Swede,
to take care of gentleman's place; under-
stands horses; good driver. Box 1154, Call.
BY Japanese; good cook; experience In private
family; best references and highly recom-
mended. Address 11., box 1158, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wishes a situation
in family or boarding-house. Address
YOUNG & CO.. 729 Sacramento St.
BOY of 14 years wishes light employment. Ad-
dress 16 Sumner st.
WANTED— Position by an engineer of large
experience; can (jive cash bond for $6000.
Address box 1126. Call office.
Al CUSTOM cutter and tailor wishes position.
Address box 1)23. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS gardener and horseman wants
position on gentleman's place, or cook for
ranch or private family; good references. Ad-
dress box 794, Call office.
GERMAN landscape gardener wishes work by
the day, week or month. Call or write 2623
Sutter St., rear.
BY a young marriod man as accountant, cash-
ier or general office work; experience and
good references. Address box 1061. Call.
ABSENTEES— Confidential employe of leading
corporation will devote his spare time to any
business of absentees; bonds furnished. "Con-
fidence." box 1024. Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 25c to $150 ni^ht; $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bug
and baggage to and from ferry.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
CHAMBERMAID for nice country hotel, fare
30c; 3 cooks, different places; companion for
lady on a ranch must do the cooking for 2.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay si.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to assist lady, coun-
try, $15, see party here 9 a. m. to-day; young
girl, general housework, city, $20, and other
places. MURRAY & HEADY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634-636 Clay St.
COOK, $30 to $35 and room; cook and helper,
$50; cook, $5 a week and room; cook's helper,
$25. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market St.
7 WAITRESSES, $15 and room; S waitresses,
$20 and room; 6 waitresses, $5 a week; 11
young girls, $10 to $12 per month; small
places; 3 kitchen girls; 2 girls for bakeries:
girl for ice-cream parlors; lunch counter
girl, $25; lunch and dinner waitress; restau-
rant waitress, $25. MARTIN & CO., 749
Market st.
WOMAN and child, country home, see party
here. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market St.
GIRL, Vallejo, Cal., $20; girl, country home,
no cooking, $15, see party here; girl, Merced,
$20; girl, San Lorenzo, $20; girl. Polk, $20;
girl, Laguna, $25; girl. Masonic aye.. $25; 2
girls, Alameda County, $25; girl. Chestnut,
$25; girl. Scott, $20; girl. Castro, $15: girl.
Post, $15; girl. Golden Gate aye.. $15; girl.
Bush. $15; girl, Hollls. $15; girl, Marin
County, $25; girl, Webster, $25; girl, Kausa-
Hto, $20; girl. Franklin, $25; girl, Octavia. $30;
17 German, 13 Swedish and 11 Danish girls.
MARTIN & CO., 749 Market St.
COLOKED girl. 3 in family, $20. MARTIN Si
CO., 749 Market St.
CHAMBERMAID, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
GERMAN nursery governess, $26. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
FRENCH housework girl, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS, $30. MISB~CULLEN~B2S Sut-
ter st.
COOK and second girl, same house, $35 and $25.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GIRL, assist kitchen, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
WAITRESS and chambermaid. $20; second girl,
$20; 10 housework girls, city and country, $20
and $25; 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK girl, sleep home, $20. MISS
CULLEN. 32R Sutter st.
SECOND girl, $25, and sew; French sec-
ond girl, $2.'.. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 NEAT waitresses, same first-class country
hotel, see party here; $20 eacn. C. R. HAN-
SUN & CO.. 10S Geary st.
2 WAITRESSES, Fresno. $20 and $6 a week;
Watsonville, $20; San Jose, $25: dinner wait-
ress. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
IRONER, country hotel laundry, $25 and
found: 2 girls to run a mangier, $20. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
YOUNG woman to make hot cakes, $7 week:
housegirl. $25, 3 In family; housegirl. 2 in
family, $20. party here; cook. $25: 8 girls, $20:
15 Rlrls, $12 and $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
108 Geary st.
2 AMERICAN working housekeepers, $15; 7
cookn. German style, $25 and $30: 3 German
anrl French second girls, $20 and $25; nurse, 1
child. $20; cook, small boarding-house, $25;
laundress, small country notel, S2O: 7 wait-
resses and chambermaids, hotels and restau-
rants, $15. $20. $25 and $6 a week ; and a great
many girls to fill our numerous situations in
city and country. J. F. CROSETT CO., 316
Sutter st.
WANTED— 4 German cooks, $80 and $25; Amer-
ican cook, email family, $25; French second
girl, country, $25; 2 French second girls, $20
and $25: Protestant waitress, country, $25.
LEON ANDRE, 308 Stockton st.
COOK. $30; second girl. $20; nurse. $20; cham-
bermaid. $15; houseglrl. $25, 2 In family:
hnusegirl. country, $20; young girl, assist, $10
to $12. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
SWEDISH or German working housekeeper,
$25. good place; 2 second girls, $25. MRS.
NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
V HELP Continued.
WAITRESS, $20; waitress and chambermaid.
$20. see bo§s this morning at 9 o'clock at
HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework,
cooking and to help with children; wages $20.
Apply 1125 O'Farrell st.
LADIES' invalid attendant; going abroad for
6 months; must read, converse and corre-
spond won. 313 Bush st.
GIRL for housework and cooking; small fam-
ily: good wages; German preferred. 1830
Eddy st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking in
family of 4; no children; wages $20. 1124
Eighth St., Oakland.
WOMAN for washing every Monday; $1 per
day. 1713 Broderick st.
GOOD woman, take children out during
day; assist; wages $6. 827 Folsom st.
WANTED— Two salesladies, three milliners and
factory girls. Ladles' Exchange. 1023 Market.
AN improver for dressmaking; good sewer. 822
O'Farrell st.
GIRL for housework, $8 to $10. Call 436%
Hayes st. before 12 m.
NEAT young girl to take care of children.
Apply SO6 Hayes st.
YOUNG or elderly woman to assist in house-
work; $S. 1525% Market st. after 9 a. m.
EXPERIENCE!} oporators on straw hats; also
apprentices. Atlantic Straw Works. 104 Fifth.
EXPERIENCED hands on ladies' waists and
skirts; work in factory. 409 A Turk st.
GIRL for general housework; German pre-
ferred. 2525 Pine st.
FVPRRIENCEn operatbrs on ladies' waists.
NEWBAUER BROS., _____________
TAILORESS to work on custom pants. RAM-
SEY, 121 Montgomery' st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 16 Grant ay.
NEAT middle-aged American woman to go to
the country; three In family. 303 Castro St..
corner Sixteenth. ■
GOOD woman; wait on lady, do light house-
work; $7 per month; references. 716 Franklin.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. 14 McAllister
st.; monthly troubles, etc.; 1 visit sufficient.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in light house-
work. 1413 Scott st.
PPRENTICES to learn halrdresslng and hair-
work. 9% Stockton st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c. Me POWELL'S, 103 Post.
OPERATORS on Singer buttonhole machine.
LEVI. STRAUSS & CO., 32% Fremont st.
OPERATORS on steam power sewing-ma-
chines to make Lev) Strauss & Co. s riveted
clothing. Apply to MR. DAVIS, 32% Fremont.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
MALE HELP WAI.TBD.
15 FARM HANDS
Orchard and vineyard hands, different places,
$20 and $15 per month, found; 2 Italian gard-
eners, $20 and found; two chore boys for
ranches. $S and $10; chore man for a ranch.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
FARMER and wife; man to drive team, wife
to cook for 3 men; married carpenter. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay Bt. /
WOODCHOPPERS ■
87 men to cut oak, manzanlta, pine and red-
wood, $1 25 and $1 a cord; 5 timber fallers; 6
cross-cutters; 67 tie makers, Be, 9c and 10c
each. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
TAILORS :
Ladies' tailor, $1S a week; cooks, waiters,
dishwashers. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
2 men to help lay out a large flower garden,
lawns, drives; at a millionaire's residence.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
FRY cook, country restaurant, $60. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary St.
YOUNG man, who lives with his parents, to do
cleaning and porter work; $15. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
OYSTER opener for a first-class hotel; $30 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
CREAMERYMAX who understands running an
Alpha separator; JoO to $60; see party here.
C. R. HAXSEX & CO., 108 Geary st.
PETE PETERSON, the blacksmith, please call
or communicate with C. R. HAXSEX & CO.,
108 Geary st.
10 FARMERS for an orchard. $20; 3 Scandi-
navian or German farmers, $20; choreman,
$10; American farmer and do blacksmithlng,
$25; 10 woodchoppers, Yolo County, $1 25 a
cord: German gardener for a nursery. $25 to
$30; blacksmith, city, $2 50 a day; middle-aged
watchman for an institution, $15 and found.
C. R. HAN'SEX & CO., 10S Geary st.
4 FIRST-CLASS waiters for European plan,
$35. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 10S Geary st.
2 COLORED waiters, with dress suits, country
hotel, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary.
2 WAITERS for country hotel, $35 and free
fare. C. R. HAXSEX & CO., 108 Geary St.
GOOD hotel man (single) for a small country
hntel, who understands taking charge of the
back part of the house; $40 and found' s.ee
party here. C. R. HAXSEN & CO., 108
Geary St.
WANTED— 2S railroad tie makers, Be, 9c and
10c. tools advanced, pay monthly; 20 woofl-
choppers. $1 25 a cord, see boss in city; lt>
timbermen for mine, $2 50 per day; quartz
miner for California and Arizona. $3 per day,
ID pitch vein coal miners and others. Appi>
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Pattern maker and machine man
on light work, fl2 a week; buggy washer for
country. $30 and found; farmer and wife. $35.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Cook and waiter, small hotel, $25;
waiter, $15; bed maker, $15; German second
cook. $20, and others. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— DoubIe circular sawyer and mill-
wright for Alaska, $150; must deposit $260 to
puarantee 9 months' service. Apply to J. >.
CRORETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WAITER, $30 and room, dress suit, country:
waiter, city. $25 and room: 3 waiters, $5, $6
and $7 a week. MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market.
25 TIE-MAKERS; 10 cents per tie; redwood.
MARTIN & CO., 749 Market st.
3 CHOREMKN; *6, $8 and $10 per month.
MARTIN & CO., 749 Market St.
COOK and helper, country. $50 and room; 3
cooks, $7 to $10 a week; cook's helper, $25.
MARTIN & CO., 749 Market St.
BOOKKEEPERS, managers, salesmen, cash-
iers, clerks, Janitors, watchmen, mechanics
obtain lucrative positions through the Clerks'
Exchange, 1023 Market. No extra cost for
trial; investigate.
INVESTIGATE the references from business
houses and from reliable men and women
who have obtained good positions at the
Clerks' Exchange, 1023 Market st.
FREE of Expense— Business houses, hotels and
restaurants obtain reliable male and female
help free of any expense at the Exchange,
1023 Market St.
BfTLER. $45. MISS CULLEN, 825 Sutter st
SHIPS locksmith at 405 Drumm st., near Jack-
son; none but good mechanic.
BARBER wanted; Spanish preferred. 1423
Dupont st.
GROCERY clerk, wholesale house; young mar-
ried man preferred; good salary. 313 Bush st.
LIQUOR salesman to the trade; big Induce-
ment to right party. 313 Bush st.
CARD writer for large department store; per-
manent and good salary. 313 Bush st.
RANCH foreman (single man).; one with large
experience in handling men. 313 Bush st.
10 BOYS; city or country; no experience; good
wages; inclose stamp. Box 1170, Call office.
SHOEMAKERS for custom repairing. 226
Ellis st.
WANTED— Young butcher. Apply 110 Seventh
street.
BI'SHELMAN wanted. Apply bet. 10 and 11 to
CHARLES LYONS. 721 Market st.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for cooking and
housework. 1321 Pine st.
WAX thread operator; good pay; steady work.
Pacific Shoe Company. 139 First st.
WANTEIV Young German to do frrands. 130S
Polk st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for housework and
plain cooking. 3724 Army st.
'ROOKESSIYE Barbers' Association will meet
at 8:30 p. m. at 102 Seventh Bt. All barbers
attend.
CHANCE for young man to make money;
good business. For particulars 33 Third st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
BARKERS —to business cheap; departure
Alaska: come; talk. Barber, box 1163, Call.
WANTED— Men and women; work home; I pay
$8 to $16 a week for making crayon portraits;
new patent method; any one who can read or
write can do the work In spare time, day or
evening; send for particulars at once. H. A.
GRIPP, German Artist, Tyrone, Pa
BLfTCHER wanted— Young, single man who
understands cutting meat. Apply Alameda
Market. Park st.. Alameda.
VANTED— A first-class carriage blacksmith
for new work: none other need apply. A.
MEISTER & SONS, Sacramento, Cal.
HELP WAW--SD— Contlnned.
sXIesMAN; and other counties;
staple article; factory to consumer. 1155
Mission st.
GOOD canvassers for milk route on commis-
sion; $1 50 a can. Address D., Call branch,
2526 Mission st.
HONEST young man without home to help nn
milk wagon, etc. Address C, Call branch,
2526 Mission St.
WANTED— First-class brewer for Oregon. Ad-
dress box 1143, Call office.
STEADY boy, age IT, living with parents, de-
sires situation. Box 1146, Call office.
AGENTS wanted; good inducements. 83i
Howard St.
BARBER shop for sale; 2 patent revolving
chairs; $100; rent $13; only one in block. 26
Ninth st.
GERMAN boy to drive wagon and help in
butcher shop. 1% Noe st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 lar««
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps, United States navy; able-
bodied, unmnrried men, between the ages ot
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of tn«
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become s>:ch; must
be of good character and habits ana able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 6 foet 6 inches and 6 feet in height.
For further information apply at the re-
cruiting office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
BHOE-REPAIRING shop for sale: best location
in city. Apply at 767 Market st.
CrVTL service Government positions— 6o ques-
tions and answers free. Address HUGHES
Preparation, Washington. D. C.
SAILOR? and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 604 Davis st., near Jackson.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
fice. 8. FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. neat
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night; reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
MARKET, 4— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
LARKIN. 615— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
P. Barber College. 138% Eighth st.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
MARKET. 8«% (Elcho House)— Rooms 20c, 250
to 50c night: $1 to $2 week.
DRUMM, 225 (Oriental)— Rooms, 15c to 75c pet
night; 50c to $1 50 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House, 784% Mission
St., men to takf rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
4 MARKET St.— Branch office of The Call;
want ads and ssnhpcrtntinno taken.
PARTNERS WANTED.
GERMAN girl, good cook, with $200 capital, as
partner in good paying boarding house. 1635
San Bruno road. Franconio Houac
FURNITUKE WAr< TED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion st.; tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery Ft. : highest prices paid. Tel. Davis Tl.
«15 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; sub-
scilption? and want ads taken.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WAXTED- Large sunny front room, unfur-
nished, with board for man and wife; West-
ern Addition; state terms. Box 1162, Call.
WANTED— NiceIy furnished sunny suite of
rooms, with board for two: must be north nf
Market, east of Hyde and south of Bush.
Address box 1156. Call office.
BY brother and sister. 2 housekeeping rooms;
near Sutter and Grant aye. ; state price. Box
1176, Call offic°.
UNFURNISHED room In exchange for use nf
parlor and bedroom Pot. Box 1096. Call office
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED — Use of piano in exchange for Its
storage. Address box 1164. Call office.
WAXTED— A second-hand large size roller-
top office desk : must be cheap ami in good
condition. Address Kncinal Realty Office,
1457 Webster st., Alametla.
5000 TONS of castiron at once. 304 Mission
street.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scales, tools, etc..
bought and sold. J. Livingston. 204 Mission.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-oft
clothing bought. Add. COT,EMAN. 41 Th'rd.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil & mining engineering. »ur-
veylng, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
Individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc: life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school; civil, electrical, min-
ing, m«?ch., survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve.:
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tan's counting room makes yon
thorough. Room 572. 855 Market St.
FOR 60 days only we will teach our improved
method of portrait enlarging free. Halloran,
Art School. Emma Spreckels building, r. 608.
MISS GAMBLE'S dancing school, 317 Devlsa-
dero; adults, Frl., 8 p.m.; children, Thu., 8:80.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
ket St.; 124 positions in '9S; 103 In '97.
INSTRUCTION In tapestry painting, etc.: lea-
sons, 25c. Studio, 419 Geary St., room 12.
FISK TEACHERS' AGENCY. 420 Parrot!
building: 13.000 positions filled: manual free.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons,
$3 per month. MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
VOICE culture, piano Paris graduate; French,
Spanish: new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
LUDLUM School of Elocution and Dramatis
Art. 928 Sutter st.
FOR SALE— MIS* 1.J.1, AVF.OrS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st.
$300— PLEASURE, health and profit; two fin«
cows, poultry and fruit; plenty room; 10-
room modern house: rent paid for one year,
delightful part of Oakland. C. R. SHAW,
East Oakland. Cal.
20,000 FEET of boards; price $7 per 1000. Call
at 368 Dolores st.
GOOD dog for Klondike; $2JL 1229 CortlanA
aye., near San Bruno road.
SOLITAIRE diamond ring and solitaire dia-
mond stud weighing 4 karats in all; both per-
fect matches: cost *700: will be sold for $325.
At UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
TEN GALLON~KEG AT CAR LOAD~PRICe7
Choice Bourbon whisky. SB proof. Jl6 SO: Mc-
Brayer whisky. 100 proof. 5 years old, $22;
Al Jamaica rum, $16 5"5: extra quality port,
sherry angelica, muscatel or Rhine wine. 3
years old, $6 50; 4 year, $7 50; real 6 year,
$8 50; genuine grape brandy, 100 proof. 3 year,
$22: E year. $24 ED; Zinfandol claret. $4 35;
Burgundy claret, $5 25: no charge for cooper-
age or drayape; it pays to buy for cash.
Standard Liqnor Co., 62S Market at.. S. F.
B^VRS back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters linoloum. office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures: new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOOXAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
8000 PAIR shoe lafts; also dealer in second-
hand tools, machinery, etc. ; mail orders
promptly attended to. 646 Mission st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine, almost new; 5
drawers: attachments. 1915 Mission, near
Fifteenth.
COUNTERS and shelvlngs cheap. 34 Austin
aye., flat 5, off Polk.
1 AND 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Oolden Gate aye.
SAFES— New and second hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe '. 'ac. 533 Sacramento.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, ™otor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 515 Mission st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover. dteJer second-hand
building material. 1122-36 Mission st.
Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 103-111 Market. S. F.
GRAFHOPHDNKS. $10: Records, *.' - per doz. ; '
Projectoscope. $100. Bncigalupl. 933-946 Mrkt. :
COFFEE mill, .scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, '; counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold, low Mission, near Seventh
i z _______
FOR " sale : Second-hand fireproof safe '■
at 42 Main st. ... .. :. : * t^i
A WEEK'S news for. 5 cents— Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing. .■-.-■.•
■■■/-':: TYPEWRITERS. ;j; j ;_•;-, „
TOST, good order, $25 ; ,« nd for sample work. '■
SCOTT & : BAN NAN, 333 Montgomery it.BUSINESS CHANCES.
CORNER grocery and bar; established.
many years and doing first-class store and
war hi ness; 4 living-rooms; horse and wag-
on- low rent; full value in. sight: sickness
cause: a sacrifice. WILKE. 783 Market st.
' i d-ESTABLISHED corner grocery and
* bar in Mission: living-rooms; rent $25; a gen-
l nine pood business; bargain; come and make
I offer. Oa'.l WILKE. 788 Market st.
iff-ni— RESTAURANT and chop house; best lo-
* cation, opposite the ferries; a first-class pay-
ing business; meals 20c and above; low rent; |
a rare chance and great sacrifice; owner has j
to. leave for Europe at once. WILKE. 7SS
- Market st. .
~K . FINER saloon established many years In
* the very choicest location; average daily re-
ceipts about $45; other business engagements
compel owner to sacrifice. Investigate at
once and make an offer. WILKE. 753 Mar-
Ket st.
$75— LUNCH business: north of Market; clears
$3 a day. LESS. 765 Market St. .
$;- PARTNER wanted in well-paying restau- I
rant: principal streets; central; owner tired !
of unreliable help; sober man; no other.
LESS, 765 Market st^ .
1801 INTEREST in a carriage, blacksmith
and wheelwright business; down town; old
' established; large trade. Apply M. LESS, I
765 Market ft.
jj, }_r EST AUR A NT, principal street, central,
near Market. using 7 to S>4 cans milk daily:
receipt" $43 to $47: owner there for years and'
retiring; hard to match this offer; Impossible
to beat it; trial given. M. LESS. 765 Market.
BAKERY, principal street; baking 2 bar- I
rels daily; mostly store trade; horse and !
wagon: 3" living rooms; genuine offer. M. i
\ LESS, 765 Market st.
$_O— FIRS ; delicacy store; principal
street; Al business; 4 furnished rooms and
piano; rent only $15: this place is given !
away: call, see and be convinced. M. LF.SS,
765 Market.
$650— RESTAURANT; splendidly fitted up; in j
one of best I cations of city;' big transient j
and regular trade; an "Al" offer; must be
seen to be appreciated; trial. M. LESS, 765 i
Market ft. I
$100— SALOON; prominent corner at the Mis-
sion: must sell this week; no such bargain
in city. HEALY. 917 Market st.
$;.s>>— CORNER cigar store; Market St.; whole-
sale district; clearing $100 monthly; no night I
work; full value. HEALY. 817 Market st.
$2i>"f— COZY store, consisting of cigars, station- I
cry, school books, etc., clearing $45 monthly;
rooms. Apply W. F. HEALY, 917 Market st.
1400— BUTCHER shop; good-paying business; j
all store trade; on principal street; rare i
» chance, as the owner is compelled to leave |
the city. CURRAN & CO., 30 Kearny st.
$430— FOR sale, an old-established locksmith
business; good chance for man with small !
capital; good location. CURRAN & CO.. 30 j
Kearny st.
SALOON; this is a fine corner, with side
entrance, on leading street; good-paying busi- ;
ness satisfactory reason for selling; cheap
rent. CURRAN & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
DELICACY store; large trade $1,000
Restaurant, worth $600; only 175
Dining room, worth $500; price 150
30-room country hotel and bakery 4,500
Restaurant, cost $4000; only 1.600
Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st. ,
$700— Saloon, best location In city. . !
— Cor. grocery and bar; Western Addition. .
$350 — Coal oil route; well established.
$125— Bakery and delicacy store, a bargain, j
and other good bargains at
ANDERSON & WINN'S. 777 Market st.
PARTNER wanted in a nice genteel cash
business: suitable for lady or gentleman. For :
particulars, ARMSTRONG, 906 Market st.
JOHN A. WAN PELT has opened an office at
the Russ House, rooms 64 and 65; he has
pislness for sale; free gold property, rooming
houses, groceries and saloons. Com%see Wan.
Pring your pisinees with you, sell or buy.
WAN PELT. I
FOR SALE— One of the finest wood, coal, hay
and grain businesses in the city: rent from
stall covers expenses; doing first-class cash ]
bus!— no reasonable offer - refused. Ad- i
dress box 1166, Call Offlce. j
RESTAURANT and oyster-house: fine loca- j
tion; will be sold cheap. 514 O'Farrell st.
CORNER cigar stand, near Market St.; i
value in stock. KKEDO. 22% Geary st.
CORNER saloon; 4 rooms: rent cheap. Inquire
10 Sixth st.
CORNER grocery and saloon at your own
offer; see owner to-day. Twelfth and Kess- ;
ling sts.
$100—^3ood butcher business, averaging from
$30 to $3S clear per week. Call at 658 Third
st . Oakland. ■ ■': y :
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry; !
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 16 Grant ay.
$5000 — WELL - ESTABLISHED, good-paying
down-town stationery and notion store"; long
lease at low rent: must be sold. Ap-
ply or address CUNNINGHAM." CURTISS _ ;
WELCH, 323 Sansome St.. S. F.
$165— CIGAR Btore; value in stock and fix- !
tures. 33 Third st.
NICE flat to be rented cheap; 40 1 -. Belcher St., !
near Market. Call at 1009 Howard st.
jTOR sale— Laundry route. Apply at ISO&U
- IT Market St., 12 to 1. or after 5 p. m.
$200 will buy a fine notion and halrdressing
store; 7 show cases: 4 rooms. 2115 Fillmore.
FULL line of shoe machinery for sale. Box !
1147, Call Office.
SALOON and lunchhouse; located down
town; established 25 years; best bargain to-
day; no night work; reasonable rent: living
rooms up stairs; only men meaning business
need apply; positively no agent. Addreas
box 1137, Call Office.
RESTAURANT for sale at a sacrifice; well
established restaurant; operated 8 years by j
present owner; has never paid less than $200 j
per month; owners going to the mines and
mean business. X.. box 7. Call, Oakland.
HOTEL and liquor business In a suburb at a !
local road terminus; good bar trade, which
may be easily doubled by a man who un-
derstands the liquor business; price $9000:
one-half may remain at 8 per cent. For par-
ticulars inquire BAKER & MAiIRHOFFER,
14 Third st.
JrLAY the races on our new system; $60 a
week on $100 capital guaranteed or no charge
for services. The American Turf Bureau,
rooms 5 and 6, 850 Market St., San Francisco.
OLD established restaurant for sale at a sacri-
flee; account of sickness; receipts $30; cheap '
rent; investigate. Box 1124, Call office.
OLD established saloon, on principal street; •
cheap rent; easy terms; will bear full In-
vestigation. 166 Fifth st.
$IEO— SALOON: 8 rooms; everything included;
Jong established; rent $25. Address box 1138.' ;
Call Office. !
GOOD-PAYING restaurant: parties can inves-
tigate; going to Klondike. 2424 Mission st.
CORNER grocery and bar; 2 living rooms ad- j
joining; for sale. 117 Fillmore st.
GROCERY and bar for sale; good location
iZV-i Howard st.
PARTNER wanted as cashier, good paying '
restaurant; daily receipts $40. Box 1010, Call.
$150 INVESTED enables you to join enterprise
now yielding 150 per cent monthly; no stock
or Klondike scheme; safe, practical success '
David Sloane, 110 St. Paul st., Baltimore, Md.
[ FOR sale— First-class saloon; southeast corner i
1 Kearny and Bush; reason for selling, going
north: ■
$100— SALOON for sale. 60« Howard st.
BLACKSMITH shop for sale or rent; estab-
lished 15 years. Address H. MATTHIESEN,
' Llvermore. Cal.
PATENTS. ~ ■;■
SMITH & OSBORN, Regisfd Patent Agents;
established 1862. 319 Pine St.. city.
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or at 133 Third St.. Portland, Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO. .
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
BRANCH bakery, 4 living rooms, cheap; rent ,
$15; account of sickness. 1751 Hyde st.
PARTY to take charge of business in owner's j
absence. 606 Montgomery, room 18.
PARTNER with $300: sure thing to make !
money. Box 1056. Call office.
$450— CIGAR-etore; NW. corner California and i
Kearny sts.
€15 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. , Sub-; j
scriptlons and want ads taken.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. -STEVENS,' Mgr..
Zk and 40 Eighth. St.; telephone South 250. -.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work !
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. So. . 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at 3c.
■.TRATTON. I Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944..
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating,
alteration works. 413 McAllister. Jessie. 32l.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 420 Sutter; i
teL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. prop.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-cleaning i
Works. 14 Bth st. B. GRANT; ttl. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th j
st. ;' cleaning, 3c a. yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 332 Golden I
aye. ; telephone East 126. j
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold; '■ '■
. machine supplies. 145 Sixth st. ; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
epatrt_g; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. '•.;- 
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
KLO N pTrTfT ~~~ * ~~
_ Wanted— 15 more men to go to Dawson
City, leaving here about March 1 In the |
employ of the Alaska Transportation, Trad- !
Ing and Mining Company; steady employ-
ment guaranteed on reaching Alaska; $:.00
cash required. For particulars call at com- i
pany s offices, rooms 20 and 21, Chronicle '
building, San Francisco. • I
SINOLB man. experienced in traveling, hard-
ship, mining and business, wishes partner.
Address box 1174. Call.
WHAT you must have— only makers of the
genuine Klondike moccasin on this coast.
Pacific Shoe Co.. 139 First st.
"KLONDIKE"— placer miners wish fare j
and provisions; give good farming land as
security or sell same. Box 1074. Call. *
YOUNG woman desires to join an Alaskan ex-
pedltlon. Address box 1102, Call offlce.
WANT 25 men who will go to a favorite point
in Alaska. E. E. BUNCE. 908 Broadway,
Oakland, Cal.
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boats. SBARBORO & CO.,
wholesale and retail grocers. 531 Washington.
LODGING HOl.-S FOR SALE.
KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers, 224 Geary. :
34 rooms; guaranteed to clear $150 $1600
SO rooms; partly offices; clears $200 2500 ,
21 rooms: worth $1200: clears $S0 800 '
20 rooms; corner Market; full; bonanza.. &>0
17 rooms; Powell; clears $75 sure 650 1
12 rooms: swell boarding: Van Ness 650
11 rooms: elegant; near plaza 10
9 rooms; best In city " fl i
6 rooms; elegant home: cost $SOO 400 j
KREr»> & CO.. Successful Brokers, 224 Geary. j
34 rooms; guaranteed to clear $150 $1600
j 21 rooms; worth J1200; clears $«0 800 j
17 rooms; Powell: clenrs $75 sure «.->o .
12 rooms; swell boarding:; Van Ness 650 |
9 rooms; best in city 250 '
6 rooms: elegant home: cost $SOO 400 j
$450—31 ROOMS; easily worth $1500; a give-
away, a snap. KREDO & CO.. 224 Geary st.
22 ROOMS, near Baldwin Hotel (transient). sl3oo '
• 9-room house on Ellis; $300 cash.. 500 j
24 rooms, on Stockton; clears $125 1500
30 rooms: clears $250; new furniture 2500
27-room corner house; clears $150 lSno
14 rooms, on Ellis St.; make offer..... 650
10-rocm fiat, fine corner; clears $50: near
• Baldwin Hotel 350 |
7-room flat, on Geary st 300
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
$500— LODGING-HOUSE, few doors from Mar- |
ket st : central; 24 furnished rooms: rent j
j only $65: rooms always full. M. LESS, 765
Market st^ - ■ j
$3riO_TRANSIENT house, vicinity Call office; I
65 beds; clearing $90 monthly;' trial given;
i call to-day. HEALY. 917 Market st.
PRIVATE house of 10 roms; steady roomers;
$150. 519 Folsom st.
BEST-PAYING 50-room lodging-house In the ■
city; make offer; no triflers. 4024 Geary st
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ELEGANT walnut bedroom set for sale, cheap.
762 Howard st.
: , i
FURNITURE and carpets of 5-room flat; In
good condition; *_». Call 1709 Market. GEO.
W. H. PATTERSON & CO.
FURNITURE of 4-room cottage for sale and
cottage to let 1006 Buchanan st.
MUSICAL INSTRUSiENTS.
_^ _
ANY person having use for a piano need not
do ■without when good instruments can be
purchased from us at cash prices .upon
monthly payments of $3. $4, $5, $6. $7. $8, $9, ;
$10: handsome scarf and wood seat stool in-
cluded; no charge for cartage. Purchase your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Steinway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest" house
west of Chicago is KOHLER _ CHASE'S.
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer. *
PIANOS and organs at factory prices; low
rent; small profits; agency Hardman. Chase
Bros., Hackley, Sommer, Dewing Bros., etc. :
J. DEWING CO.. second floor Flood building.
' Fourth and Market sts.
A FINE line of second-hand pianos offered '
this week at very low prices. including
Stainwaya, ' Chickering. Hallett _ Davis.
• Emerson and others. THE F.W. SPENCER
CO., 533 Market St. . . '
PIANOS at cut prices; Improve the opportu- '
nity: agency famous Haines Bros., Bush &
Gerts and Bollerman. WM...C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. Bancroft & Co., 324 Post.
A GOOD piano, JSS: one for $125; Checkering.
Weber, Mathushek and others; pianos for
rent. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Fnrrell. !
COLBY pianos are the best for the money In
the market: highest award at World's Fair:
call and see for yourselves. 933 Market st.
LARGE assortment second-hand pianos. $60;
uprights. Ivers _ Pond, Decker. Steinway,
Hornung and others. 215 Post st.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Newby, Evans.
Briggs and other pianos:. see our rent. plan;
no interest first year. 308, 310. 31! Post st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
immense reduction for cash or on install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market st.
! AT MAUVAIS'. 769 Market St.. you will find
pianos from $ r io to $250 In second-hand;' new
nlanosfor cash or on payments.
] BARGAlN— Upright piano. $65. m Post st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles.
KOHLER _ CHASE. 30 OFarrell st. ]
BARGAIN— upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister st., near Hibemia Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place. .
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine, 13« Ellis.
JEJiS.
~~~ •
TEAS,
20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 50 per pound.
COFFEES,
10, 15, 20, 25. 35, 40 per pound.
SPICES.
10, 15, 20, 25, 40 per can.
RUNNING 100 STORES ENABLES US TO
SELL VERY CHEAP. .
WE GIVE FREE -
PRETTY DISHES.
GOLD WATCHES,
BICYCLES, < ••
MUSIC BOXES,
AIR RIFLES.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
■■••'■', Stores Everywhere. -•;...,
HORSES.
FOR sale— • lead pack mule. Apply to WIL-
LIAM CONLAN, 526 Twenty-seventh aye.
HOUSE, stable and grounds suitable for flor-
ist. 2725 Howard st. j
KLONDIKE pack and burros 'for sale. :
Horan's Stockyards, Tenth and Bryant st«.
JUST arrived— 2 carloads broke horses; 1200 to
• 1600 pounds. 145 Valencia st. ■ . - -. ,
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold '
or exchanged: cheap storage; 40 horses; must '
sell. T. P. NEWELL. 1802 Mission, cor. 14th.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies, j
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth St., auction pales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN X- DOYLE. Auctioneers."
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
LADY'S village cart and brougham; nearly
new; cheap.. 500 Golden Gate aye. >  - /~. :
FIRST-CLASS new phaeton, cheap; owner has
no use for it. 22 Golden Gate aye. ; • .
WE cell at bargains the second-hand carriages,'
coupes and wagonettes taken In , exchange.
O'BRIEN &' SONS, corner Golden Gate aye.
and Polk st. ' '
SECOND-HAND grocery, bakery delivery
wagons. 2- wheeled carts, road wagons, • bug-
gies and harness bargains for cash. Fifteenth
and Valencia sts.
TOP buggy, new grocery, business buggy and
good 3-spring delivery- wagon. 1161 Howard.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open '
buggy: also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAV. ~ ■ ' '- •
ADVICE free: divorce laws specialty; private;,
no fee without- success; ' collections; wills,
probate, insolvency, . deeds, - damages, mort- I
gages. ' copartnership; bills-of-sale, patents,,
trademarks, etc.; established 10 years. G. W.
HOWE, ;att-at- law, S5O Market," cor. Stockton. ■
PRIVATE matters/Insolvency, collectlono; free j
advice; . open, evenings. McCABE, 103 L.irkin. ;
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
,W. W. DAVIDSON. '927 Market st. - ■ ;
THE SAIN T FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN _
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
CHURCH, 1317—6 sunny rooms and bath;
rent $12.
HOUSE of 4 rooms and stable. 4075 Army st.,
brtt'.»et::i Sprchez and Noe.
MODERN house. 7 rooms; fine neighborhood;
Broderick and McAllister; rent cheap.
$2."— 6 ROOMS and bath, 1515 Grove st ; also
lower flat, 4 rooms, 109 Germanla St.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNITURE, etc.. of 10 rooms for sale; ptlt£
lege renting premises. Box 1145. Call office.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 5 rooms and bath: large base-
ment and yard; rent $15. 804 Potrero aye.
4-ROOM. $10; 5-room. $15; 7-room, $17, or will
sell $50 to $100 cash, balance as rent. THE
MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
SUNNY cottages. 4 and 5 rooms: bath, base-
ment, yard; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St., near
Dolores.
FLATS FURNISHED.
MODERN furnished flat or part ot It. 101
South Park.
PLATS TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN -p— ~- ~.
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN _
HOWELL, 1C Montgomery st.
BYINGTON, IS— 5 rooms, bath, stable. Apply
1621 O'Farrell st.
CLINTON PARK, ISO. between Thirteenth and
Fourteenth, near Guerrero — Four sunny upper
rooms; private house; water; $12 50. ..
EDDY, 1214, near Laguna— Elegant sunny flat,
5 rooms and bath; latest Improvements.
FULTON. 118— Fine middle flat, 7 roorasT bath;
near City Hall; $28.
FLAT of 7 rooms and bath, suitable for room-
ing and private house. 951 Folsom, near SixtJT.
FOURTEENTH, 728— Bay-window " flat of 8
large sunny furnished rooms and bath.
202 GROVE St.. cor Van Ness aye.— Sunny un-
furnished 3-room flat, with gas stove.
GUERRERO. 1411, near Twenty-sixth— rooms
and bath; $15. *
HAIGHT, 792— Beautiful upper sunny new cor-
ner modern flat; 7 rooms and bath.
LLOYD. 22. off Scott, near Waller— sl4; new
flat of 4 sunny rooms; bath.
$9— LOWER flat. 4 i rooms. 27 Pearl st. , off
Market, near Valencia. -
O'FARRELL. Furnished basement, cheap,
with large yard and kitchen. v
$20— 5-ROOM upper flat, 315 O'Farrell St., near
Mason. Apply 15 Grant aye.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low Interest. TINCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BRYANT? 611, near Tr?lrd— Nicely^Turnished
suites, $7 per month up.
DIAMOND. 510. near Twenty-third— 2 rooms,
i suitable for housekeeping. ; •
1 ELLIS, 1029 — nicely furnished rooms; parlor;
piano; 2 sleeping; bath; kitchen.
FIFTH, 325—2 clean, sunny furnished house-
keeping, $12; also single, $5.
FIFTH, 42RVj— 2 sunny rooms, furnished for
housekeeping: water in kitchen.
GEARY. Ill — Nice furnished rooms to let; also
housekeeping: also single.
GEARY, 325 — Front alcove; well furnished;
running water; light housekeeping; others.
GEARY. 1917— 520 for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms; hath: 2 beds; gas and coal stoves,
all necessaries.
GOLDEN GATE, 1050—2 or 3 large, nicely fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping, or single;
gas cook stove: free use of telephone.
GRANT nve.. 11C— Newly opened, pleasant,
light Inside suite: housekeeping; $10 month.
HARRIET, 15, off Howard, near Sixth— 2 sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms, $9.
HARRISON. 731— Three rooms, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard: rent $13.
HOWARD. 762—! or 3 sunny furnished rooms
for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 511—2 or 3 nicely furnished rooms j
for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
HOWARD, SOo l^— Large sunny housekeeping
room; back and front suites; reasonable.
MARKET, 1028 — 2 or 3 small sunny rooms, fur-
nished, $S.
MINNA. 436 — Large sunny front room; suitable
fur two; use of kitchen; $8.
MISSION, EC*— 2 nice housekeeping rooms; j
cheap.
MI. -SION, 1514, near Eleventh— Two large
sunny rooms; central: rent reduced.
MISSION, 1063 -Front r"<.rn;s; also others for
housekeeping; no objection to children.
MISSIOX. US Nicely furnished sunny house-
keeping room, $7 month; running water; Ger-
man family.
M< )SS. 13. off Howard, near Seventh— Two fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping.
N ATOM A, SI, cor. Second— Housekeeping
rooms-; also single and double, $1 per week
and up.
NEW MONTGOMERY. 105-Complete furnished
housekeeping rooms. $0 per month: single, $4.
PERRY. MS— 4 unfurnished, all large, ligh£
fine sunny rooms; cheap.
POLK. 607- Elegantly furnished sunny front
parlor, with kitchen. $15; other rooms.
POWELL. I.l .i — Newly furnished sunny rooms,
suites or single; rents reasonable-.
POWELL. 509— Two nicely furnished house- I
keeping rooms; bath, gas and running water; !
reasonable. ,
SEVENTH, 136—2 large front rooms, fur-,
nished for housekeeping; large yard.
SIXTH, 119 A —Nicely furnished rooms; also
housekeeping.
STANLEY Place, 18 — $10, 6 nlco sunny rooms.
Including bath.
TENTH, 124— Furnished large front room, with
kitchen; also single room.
THIRD, 143 — Sunny housekeeeping rooms; com-
plete: first floor; bath; gas.
VALENCIA, 1171—2 or 3 sunny^ furnished
rooms; housekeeping or otherwise.
MONEY lnnned on watches, diamonds, jewelry:
low interest. I'NCLE HARRIS. 1". Grant ay. i
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT the Florence Hotel, 102 Ellis, cor. Powell-
Elegant sunny rooms, en eulte or single; a
quiet home for families and those who appre-
ciate comfort; elevator, baths; moderate
charges.
BUSH, 706 — Elegantly furnished sunny front
parlor, $10; private family.
CENTRAL (52 Second)— Family rooms and sin-
gle; week, $1 25 to $2 50; day, 25c to 50c: respt.
CLAY, 1532— Furnished room to let, suitable
for 1 gentleman; private family.
DELAWARE. 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo. ; nice suites.
EDDY, 118— Clean sunny rooms: $5 up; rooms
for housekeeping no transient.
FOURTH, 27Vi— Nice clean sunny front rooms
1 50 a week up; new management.
FULTON. 3 (Fulton House)— Nicely furnished
rooms, single or en suite, $S and $15 up.
FULTON, 144 — Nicely furnished sunny parlors,
single or en suite; bath, gas, grate; $8 up.
GEARY, 40Z— Sunny furnished rooms for gents;
♦>; and $7.
GEARY, 518— Elegant sunny furnished rooms
$8 up; also suits; gas and bath.
GRANT' SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
■ingle: elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mlss'on; select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 ver week.
HOWARD, 715, ST. DAVID'S— 2OO rooms!
suites; single; sunny readlng-njpm; 25c up.
HOWARD, 983— Doctor's office, furnished com-
plete; also suites; other rooms, $5 per mo. up.
LARKIN. 327— Newly furnished sunny front
rooms, near Pavilion.
LEAVENWORTH, 517— Single furnished room
for gentleman. $6.
LEXINGTON. 212 Eddy— Large sunny front
suites; also single; for gentlemen.
MARKET, 1032— (New management) r fine, clean
rooms $1 to $2 50 per week; transient, 25c up.
MARKET. 1926— (The Hawthorne)— Furnished,
unfurnished; single rms.. suites; jubilee vis.
McALLISTF.R. 'ill -Nicely furnished "sunny
single room. $6 per month; running water,
bath and gas.
MCALLISTER, ClS— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms, suite or single; hot and cold water;
gas and bath; grate; board optional.
MINNA. 6«7, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bny-window r<.om, $1 a week.
MONEY loaned on waMWM, 'lUmonds, Jewelry-
low inten-Ht. UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant ay.
NEW FRANKLIN. 321 Pacific-Rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished; day, week or month.
POST, 238-3 blocks Palace Hotel (Bohemia).
Bunny rooms; fine view; elevator; tourists.
ROOniS TO LET— Continued.
PROSPECT PLACE. 123, off California, be-
tween Stockton and Powell— Two large front
sunny furnished rooms; German family.
SECOND, 7 US— Sunny, clean, furnished single
rooms, $1 per week op< HMB OW
UITi'H, 'M\. between Folsom and Harrison—
BUnny Mrnlsned front room; reasonable; pri-
vate houae.
R R HOUSE, G33 Commercial, near Mont-
gmy— Beds, 10c, 15c,-etc; coffeejind rolls free.
SEVENTH, 142— Furnished suites and single
rooms at lowest rates. MRS. PRAHL, prop.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 136- Large bay-window room; well
furnished; cheap.
STOCKTON, 17 — European; elegant rooms;
suite or "single; day. week or month; baths:
hot and cold water; transient^^levator.
SI T TTER 309— Changed hands: new furniture;
suites or single; transient: terms reasonable.
SUTTER, 715-717-71. and 609 Hyde— Furnished
nnd unfurn.: choice for offices; reasonable.
TAYLOR. 108— Front sunny single rooms; $6 up;
also nice suites; bath and gas.
TENTH 109— Large nicely furnished sunny
room, $10; bath, gas; priv. family; gents only.
TF.NTH 111 near Market— Large front sunny
furnished rooms; stove ; closet : housekeeping.
TURK 543— Nice sunny room: running water,
grate, gas and bath; tt ?° pgr week.
BOARDING AND ROOH9
EDDY, 220— Sunny front single and double
rooms: first-class board, $3 50.
FOLSOM, 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE. ttOB !-nree front sunny room, with
breakfast. $I<i; bath, gas. running water.
POWELL. 502- Large sunny corner room,
piano: single rooms, $20 up with board.
THIRD 530— Rooms and hoard: choice suite
two front rooms: suitable for two gentle-
. men or man and wife. In hotel opposite
South Park; excellent board; terms $45 per
month with board. Apply Central Hotel.
Tim MON'TROSE, PE. corner Van Ness aye.
and Geary et. . will reopen March 15; thor-
oughly renovated and newly furnished. For
terms apply at 808 Van Ness ave^
Tt"RK. Sl2— Nice rooms and board in private
family; bath. grat<\ excellent table; cars pass
the door': terms $20 tip.
STORES TO LET.
CORNER grocery store; 3 rooms attached;
large brick basement. Northeast corner Do-
lores and Fifteenth sts^
STORK, well lighted in middle and all over;
2.',x150 or part thereof. 519 Howard st.
BRYANT, 904— I^arse store: has been occupied
by dressmakers for 6 years; rent $10.
STORE, with fixtures, corner Howard and La-
fayette sts.; cheap rent.
$26— FURNISHED targe fireproof store; center
of business. St. Helena: long lease. Address
lock box 13, St. Helena. Cal.
FACTORIES TOILET.
MISSION, 579. opp. Wells-Fargo's Express-
Second and thinl floors: power available for
straw works, paper box, shirt factory.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' pra<"U c ''; safe, and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided' kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay self cure sent: call or write; free;
confidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DA VIES, 1
City Hall aye.. cm McAllister: PlHs. $2.
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at one*- Baf»
and sure at nny time: kind sympathy and
aid; Instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity: home In confinement:
best care and privacy: f° r guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where; regulating pills and capsules, $1.
MRS DR. WYETH. ?!<! Post St., nr. Larkln.
A PROCESS that never falls to restore every
case of monthly sickness from whatever
cause in few hours when medicines and others
have failed: no Instruments used; many
years' experience: every case guaranteed: ad-
vice free; terms reasonable; first-class pri-
vate home for confinement. MRS. DR. DA-
LEY. U2C Market St.. over Owl Drugstore.
A SIRE. safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases: a home In confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or dlseour-
ajpsd call on the doctor and state their case:
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER. 226 Turk st.
ST T RE cure, when others . f.iC- _" mndlclna o«
lnfitruments; every womnri her own physi*
clan for all female troubles, no matter from
what causo; restore in 1 day; never fails:
copsultation free; can be sent and used at
none. DR. POPPER, 31S Kearny; orders by
telephone.
LADIES. Chlrhester's English Pennyroyal rills
(Diamond Brand) best; safe, pel table; take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief foi Ladies." letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlla.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no instruments used; cure at of-
fice, *".: consult free: hour* 10 to 5. DR.
AND MRS. KOHL. 111S Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, diseases of women; ladles:
safe, quick curj guaranteed: any ailment;
maternity home; best care; skill only; low
fees: Dr. Schuck's self-cure. 15. 401 Van N<>ss.
A BOON to wive? and mothers— Sfguro- price
$1 50. RICHARDS & CO., 40fi Hay st. : send
Ie stamp for particulars to Segiiro Manu- ,
facturing Co.. 531 X st.. Sacramento, C_T
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe, cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't 'delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Onkland, Cal.
CAPSl'l.KTAS— Preventive: Mire: harmless;
DR. HAI.L. 1 <Mty Hull ay- . ,-.r. McAllister
& Leavenworth; diseases of women, children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: infallible, safe rem-
edies; 3R years' experience. 254)) Fourth st.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St., Alameda.
DRS. K. & K. cure chronic, nervous, blood,
skin or private dls -ses. 8 Mason st., S. F.
$1 WFEK— Large sunny furnis-hed room, bath-
closet; private. 314 Fifth at
DENTISTS.
FULL set of teeth, $5; painless extraction; sea
our combination plate, thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years; teeth without plates; crown
and bridge work our specialty; teeth im-
planted or transplanted; fillings 60c, crowns
$3 M: all work painless nnrt warranted
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
VAN' VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact; full set of teeth. $5 up; silver
flliir-KS, 25c up; gold crowns, $3 -,o up; your
teeth put in without a plate; opo n evenings.
997 Market Ft., cor. Sixth; 'Phone Jessie 695
NEW YORK Dentists— Painless extraction. 50c-
plates. $5: gold filling, 75c up: silver, 25c up;
plates mended, $1 up; special Inducements
to Klondlkers; open evenings and Sundays
969 Mission St., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th; no
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $S
per set; extracting HOc; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from (1 to 20 O'Farrell.
ALLEN GRIFFITHS. .lentlFt. has resumed
practice. 44 Donohoe bldg. Market and Taylor.
L. A. TEAGT'E, A. CANE and P. TEAOUK
removed to Call bid*., 6th floor, rma. 603-607!
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H C
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
Ptates or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
LEGAL NOTICES.
DEPARTMENT No. 10, Probate— In the Su-
perior Court In and for the city an( j r ounty
of San Francisco, State of California— In the
matter of the estate of JACOB C. JOHN-
SON, deceased.
Notice la hereby given that Thursday the
24th day of February. A. D.. IS9S. at 10
o'clock b. m. of said day. and the courtroom
of Department No. 10, of said court, at the
New City Hall, in the City and County of
Snn. Francisco, State of California, have
bnen' appointed as the time and place for
proving the will of said JACOB <\ JOHN-
SON, deceased, and for hearing the applica-
tion of ANNA E. JOHNSON fur the issuance
to her of letters testamentary.
Dated February 11. A. D. IS»S.
CHARLES F. CURRY. Clerk
(Real) By E. S. HAWLEY. Deputy Clerk
J. A. STHPHENS. Attorney for Petitioner.
Ro.in 60S, Claus Spreckels building.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from William N. Lamb, in the Croff.
mine, near Oleta. Amartor County, to deposit
tailings behind the dam of the Cambridge
mine, in Dry Creek; from B. F. Steese and O
Wofhler, in the Long Ravine mine, near
Spencevllle, Nevada County, to deposit tall-
ings in Long Ravine; and from J. w. Cum-
mins, in the Amo mine, near Oroville, Butto
County, to deposit tailings -In Cherokee Ra-
vine, gives notice that a meeting- will lx» held
at room Jif 1 , Flood building. San Francisco,
Cal.. on February 28, IS9B. at 1:30
PERSONALS.
MRS. H. A. BARBER— Please address J.
Bloodaworth, care Piedmont Paving Com-
pany, Macdonough Bldg., rm. 26. Oakland.
MATRIMONIAL.
ALL seeking marriage, call or Bend 10c for
February "Wedding Bell"; 14 pages; no $5 re-
quired. Editor, ill Ellis st. , San Francisco.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
LADIES' feet put In perfect order at home by
a skillful, chiropodist; references. Address
618 Harrison st.
KAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenllle-wove -rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
THE feminine world will gladly welcome the
new styles in halrdressing; the latest, only
20c; good switches, $1; best, finest quality.
$3 50; extra heavy, lung, $5. Open Sundays
from 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton St.
VOCAL Instructor Jos. Greven cannot be
killed by the poisonous sting of a little wasp,
who tries in vain to bite just the best of our
artists for the sole purpose, of course, of get-
ting some honey.
WILL send 2 receipts worth $10 to any lady for
25c. Address box 1140, Call office.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic not only cleanses, but
beautifies. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
SEND for my "New Treatise on the Hair,"
free; I dress hair for 2jc; good switches, $1;
finest, best quality, $3 50; extra heavy, long,
$5; npen Sundays from 9 to 12. G. LED-
ERER. 11l Stockton st.
NEW method massage, electric treatment;
heated room. MRS.. JOHNSTON, 514V4 Geary.
QUINONIA Is a powerful nourishment for the
hair. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
TRUNKS moved. 25c. Commercial Transfer
Co., 22 Stockton St.; phone Main 49.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st.. nr. Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per n.'ght; $1 B0 to 56 per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MISS ANDERSON, graduate. Swedish nurse:
baths; genuine massage; Swedish movement:
ladles, gents. 90P Market st., room 25. 2d floor.
BADGRS. photo, and badge buttons, mads In
Fan Frnnoisco Rt Eastern price*. WALTER
N. BRUNT. R35 Clay St.. S. P.
6TJIT to order on easy Installments. I*.
LEMOS. X lll7 Market Ft., bet. 7th and Bth.
ll*— Suit to order: samples; try one. NEU-
HAUS * CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny at.
CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
wholesale flsnires. 20 Sansome st.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
J5 up: dresses made over. 6 Eddy st.. rm. 86.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to S p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 28, 1206 Market St., opp. Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader: born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease; full life reading: ladies Me,
gents $1; palm, and clairv. ; sit. $1 50. 128 Turk.
MME. LE NORMANDE, clairvoyant, card-
reader, magnetic treatment; hours, 10 to 9.
401 Leavenworth st.
MRS. RAY from Chicago, magnetic healer and
card reader. IMC Market st., room 17, 2d floor.
RAY FAIR, enrd reader: magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post, St., room 2.
MISS MKLVILI.E. crreat clairvoyant and
water reader. 921V4 Mission: German spoken.
MRS. MANDEXA. medium and nalmlst; read-
ings 25c and 50c this week: satisfaction. 26 fith.
MME. HANSEN. palmist, card-writer: past,
present and future; 2r>c. 148 Sixth, room S.
Jf»SIE TAYLOR, magnetic healer; mind read-
er. 22S Post st.. room 11. second floor.
OLLIE LAKE, returned from Chicago: card
reader. 906 Market St., or 9 Ellis, room 22.
MME. MOREAI', best medium and card-
reader; German spoken: 25c up. 73 Fourth st.
IDA INGLEWOOD, card-reader. magnetic
healer. 126 Fourth st., room 23.
MME. RAVENA road? life fluently: business
advice: nameß given; 25e up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. MOREATT. test medium, clairvoyant,
card-reader; 23c- up. 73 Fourth st., upstairs.
MME. SYFULLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT. 131 Taylor St., room
S; mind reader and palmist.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 123 ! 4 Sixth st.. room 14.
MRB. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First In her pro-
fpFdion: never falls: advice: help. 929 Pott.
4 MARKET ST.-Bran<*h office of The Call.
Want ads rind subscriptions taken.
SPIH TCALIS3I.
MME. TOI'XG'S convincing test circle to-
night. 10c; fine music. 606 McAllister it.
MRS. ALICE FAT, medium and magnetic
healer. 32 Lewis st. , off Jones, near Post.
MRS. FAIRBANKS, clairvoyant: cir. Tues.
Frl. eves., 10c; readings daily. 25. 50c. 10S 6th.
BOOKS— Occult and spiritual at 1429 Market
St., office of Philosophical Journal.
MISS BHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 230 Kearny st., room 24.
A. M. FKAXCIP, independent slate-writer; de-
veloping circle Wednesday eve. lIS Haipht st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
messages »nil Hdvlce. SIR Stockton *t.
MOXEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at «H per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, undivided inter-
ests, real estate in probate, life insurance,
goods in warehouse, furniture and pianos
without removal; mortgages and legacies
bought; no delay. R- McCOLGAN, 24 Mont-
gomery, room Z.
LOAN 3 on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions: no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal: mdse in storage; life ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc. ; low in-
terest: private: no com. R. CS, 1170 Market.
f"> IP to any amount on Indorsed paper.
Pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
ptrlctly confidential; private offices. M. E.
norOAN & CO.. 230 Kearny St.: upstalrß.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. : tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos: city or Oakland: no re-
• moval- low rates: no commission; ?2S up;
private party. BONELLI. 402 Geary at.
LOANS on real : estate and on furniture or
pianos without removal; any amount; lowest
rates. BECKER & CO.. 323 Montgomery st.
$1 000 000 TO loan on diamonds; low Interest;
perfect secrecy; ' private • entrance: gentle-
j manly assistants. Uncle Harris. IS Grant aye.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
t Fourth Ft., upstairs; strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121: established 1569.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. 508 California st. 
150 TO J30.000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 418 Montgomery, st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-'
gages, estates, -etc. MURPHY. 62SMkt st.
ON pianos, furniture no removal: lowest
rates; no com.; private, 116 McAllister st. :
"gjXTH 10— Most reliable place to borrow
money; diamonds and jewelry.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS~on real estate, bonds, etc.: lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomp*- st.
LOST.
LOST— GoId locket, containing small photo at-
tached to email chain: reward. Return to 13
Kate st., bet. 7th and Sth, off Bryant.
RED cow, February 14; reward. Return H.
WRIOHT. Sll Silliman, nr. San Bruno road.
iQgT pair eyeglasnes; chain and hairpin at-
tached; reward. 210 Market st.
BI ACK Newfoundland dog; 8 months old.
3397 Eighteenth St.; liberal reward.
LOST— A passt>ook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MRS. ESSIE CLUNAN. No. 205.756.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A reward of $100 will be paid for re-
turn of pearl pin lost Sunday night between
Palace and St. Nicholaa Hotels. NILES
BEARLS, St. Nicholas, j
SUNDAY^ evening, lady's brooch, near Central
Methodist Church: 111 Hermann st. : reward.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call;
■übecriptiong and want ads taken.
FOUND.
FOUND— White dog, brown spots. Owner have
same by applying 410 Capp st.
p. m.
CITY RE.L ESTATE.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room A, First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$100, $150 to $250— Level lots to build on; near
Mission st. electric cars; only $5 monthly.
sol get 3 & brother,
sunset heightsTlotsT ~
$350, $400, $450 to $850— Graded Jots and streets;
splendid view of park: $25 down and $10
monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$400, $450 to $SOo— Choicest building lots in
Richmond; perfect bargains: buy now: easy in-
stallments. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$14 p 'O to $2200— Several nearly new 4to 6 room
modern cottages; best locations in Richmond
and Sunset Heights districts: easy terms.
S' iL GETZ & BROTHER.
$225— BARGAIN— Lot on graded street near
car line, Sunnyside.
Call for maps and diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Crocker Building.
5 ROOMS, new, a beauty; $200 cash, $16 per
mo. buys it. The McCarthy Co., 646 Market.
A— s6soo; CORNER house at the park; only cor-
ner unsold of 6 just completed; very hand-
somely finished; marble steps and built by
day work; every possible convenience and
every room sunny; terms to suit. Apply AL-
BERT WILFORD. cor. Shrader and Beulah
sts., 2 blocks south of Haight, from 1 to 4.
IF YOU INTEND BUILDING let me submit
an estimate,, with plans and specifications;
no charge; best of references, bonds, etc. W.
W. REDNALL, Builder, 1326 Hayes st.
NEW house, 7 rs., bath; easy terms; Mission;
swap, part paymt for lot. BABIN, 413 Kearny.
Q£ LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Can.
Subscriptions and want ads taken. •
339~ HAVES ST.— Branch office of~The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
COUNTRY AtEAL, ESTATE.
DO YOU WANT
A Fruit. Grain or Grazing Ranch?
Select one from the Bank of Woodland. Lands
offered at less than foreclosure prices
IN CAPAY VALLEY,
The earliest fruit section, well settled and only
00 miles from San Francisco by rail.
FRUIT AND GRAIN LAND.
SS^4 acre 3 near Winters $17 50 per acre
203i> ncros near Esparto $20 00 per acre
160'^ acres near Tancred $20 00 per acre
10.} acres noar Winters $22 50 per acre
131 acres near Madison *3n 00 per acre
320 acres near Winters $30 00 per acre
16i^ acres near Capay $40 00 per acre
ALSO
1280 acres near Swingles $ 2 25 per acre
480 acres near Merritts $16 50 per acre
240 acres near Dunnigan $11 00 per acre
ALSO
1103 acres near Willows $27 50 pef acre
800 acres near Anderson, Sacra-
mento River bottom $16 50 per acre
GRAZING LAND.
n2:»?*i acres flanking Capay Valley. s4 00 per acre
4J20 acres flnnking Capay Valley. s2 75 per acre
376 X acres adjoining Capay Val.J2 25 per acre
2SOO acres adjoining Capay Val.s3 50 per acre
7920 acres near Red Bluff $2 00 per acre
McAFEE BROS.,
10S Montgomery St., San Francisco, Cal.
CHEAPEST OLIVE FARMS
IN' THE STATE.
Trees In full bearing; places well improved.
SO acres. 65 in olives, San Joaquin Co., price
only $6000.
160 acres, 70 in olives, Calaveras Co., price
only $5000.
IN SUBDIVISIONS! !
IN SUBDIVISIONS! !
AT ASPEPSED VALUE! !
AT__ASSESSSD VALUE! !
A grand opportunity — We offer for sale 5000
acres of the estate of Sarah Blake (deceased)
In subdivisions at exactly the County Assessor's
valuation. There is no better land in the State
for GRAIN. FRUIT, VEGETABLES and AL-
FALFA. It lies on the Merced River, on the
lino of the proposed Merced and Yosemite Val-
ley Railroad, and has unsurpassed possibilities
for supplying the great mountain and Yosem-
ite Valley trade with fruit, vegetables and
dairy products. Just think of It.
In plats of 36 acres and upward.
At prices from $3 to $20 per acre.
Write now for particulars to
McAFEE BROS.,
K'S Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— About 5 to 10 acres, improved with
small h iuse; convenient to San Francisco;
cheap for ca^h. Address J. C, care Grand
View Hotel, Berkeley.
RANCH for sale— 2so acres in Paradise fruit
belt; going to Klondike; must be sold. For
particulars address J. O. WILSON, Paradise,
Butte County, Cal.
FOR sale — 3883-acre ranch at $50; crops, Imple-
ments, stock, water ditch and water; switch
on the ranch and 11-acre fine lemon and or-
ange grove, 8 years old, in full bearing; pos-
sess at once. Particulars address C. PAR-
MENTER, Winters, Cal. Wanted— sso,ooo for 3
years, 6 per cent; real estate security; no agts.
LITTLE homes close to town; improved; easy
terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces on 8 and 10
years' credit. D. H. TWING. Sonoma City;
every Monday at 632 Market st., S. P.
BOOK and list of cheap land free. M. M.
GRIFFIN. Oottonwood. Shasta County, Cal.
C 27 MONTGOMERY st.. branch office of the
Call; \rnnt ads and subscriptions taken.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
GOING to Klondike— House and lot for sale;
West Oakland. Box llfi!*. Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1200— SACRIFICE; lot 40x207, with good 7-room
house: half block from station and high
school: ensy terms.
$2SoO— New modern cottage; lot 40x150; fine
location: $150 cash, $25 per month; for cash
$2500: snap.
$290*>— Beautiful new 8-room house, complete;
lot 50x203: choice location: very ea*y terms.
To Close an Estate — 10-room house: lot 60x140;
Alameus's best location; see this and make an
offer.
$12.750 — Better than a Klondike as an Invest-
ment: properties bringing $130 per month;
mortgage of $9000 can remain; bargain.
Houses to let in all parts of the city.
H. P MOREAL & CO.,
1432 Park St., Alameda.
AT a big bargain — 12-roorn modern house on one
of the main avenues of Alameda: a corner
lot 75 feet by 174 feet; house cost when built
$7000: now to bf had at less than $6000. For
particulars Inquire of HERMAN CORDES.
1332 Hlch st.. Alameda.
2-STORY house of 7 rooms: lot 50x100; artesian
well windmill, tank; must be sold; make an
offer. T. F. PATRD. 1303 Park st., Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEAR the University and Station — i fine lots
for amount of mortgage and Interest ; a posi-
tive bargain JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate,
Berkeley Station.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGF.
10 LARGE lots in Mlnnetonka Center, near
Minneapolis. Minn. : will exchange for busi-
ness or property: $2000. Call or address N.
KXTPSOX. V.X Parker aye.. San Francisco.
STOKVGK.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, planoa.
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN, 1017 to 102J
Mission st., above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates — Household Koods, pianos; ad-
vance* made; fireproof building. F. W.
ZEKFUSS. 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
• The following marriage licenses were issued
by the County Clerk's office yesterday:
Antone Friese and Matilda' Zlppel,' 32 — 22.
1 J. W. Ames and Ella C. Dallam, 31—27.
J. Milouth and Louise D. Stemhagen, 24 — 20.,
George Adam and Alice Douglas, 51 — 32.
Robert Eccles and Elizabeth A. Doxey. 25—18.
E. G. Carrera andEmilte M. Herzer. 26—20.
'Ferdinand Mayer and Eugenia Meyer, 26—19.
S. T. Greene and Maggie Dowling. — 28. .
J. H. L. Harms and Martha E. Saupe, 7 33—33.
■ John Drummey and Maggie Sweeny, 32— 28.
' George E. White and Julia L. ■ Bogan. 55— 22.
. J. A. Howard and Jennie: J. Johnson. 25—30.
„ Louis 1 Barnett and Carrie Lederer, 38— 24. " ~
Thomas Pollard Jr. and Lena Rlckard. 2S—
■: : BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and : death notices sent by
' mall will : not be ;■ inserted. ■. They 3 must ■-■ be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be | indorsed with " the name i and -, residence
of persons authorized to have ' the same pub-
lished. • '. ' '•-"■ •.'-'• .••- . , v"
. / , : :> BORN. • :, •
BARNETT— In this city, February 15. ; 1898, 'to
the wife of A. T. Barnett, a daughter.
' LINCOLN— In Alamr-da, February 15, 1898, to
■the wife of Charles Lincoln.'a son.-.-*-*""'
PI'RSELL— this city, February 13, 1898, to
; ,the wife of Gordon. C.'Pursell,: a son. *
■ SEVERIN— In ' this j city, v February ] 12, ' 189S, to
the wife of F. Anton Severin, a son. -;:
' SKOOTSKY— In this ■ city, , February 5. 1898. to
the wife of Albert Skootsky, a daughter. .<■-',
• \.;\y:\: : \. ; MARRIED. ~Y{ ,^ "
BAKER— JACKSON— In I Denver. • February 3,
< ISDB. by the Rev. J. Lance, Charles M.: Baker
'■ ,; and Lottie Jackson, • both of San Francisco. .- ;'
: PINTO— BURKE— In this >-1 city, February 15,
...■■■■ ... ■. - - ■ . . i . > - . ■• ..--,.-...■,
ISCS. William Pinto ■ and Agnes . Minerva.
■ Burke, both of San Francisco. , ■ < 1 ■ '
TAYLOR— ln'Napa,' February 16. I*9B.
; by the Rev. Father de Campos, • Jamea Scott
Taylor and Marie L. Vorbe. v ._•. .. ; '• '
________
DIE I.
! Bayne. William I Long. Captain J. H.
Bowen. James H. I Myers, David
Buchanan. James F. Owen, William B.
Burns, May ■•.'-■ Parrish, Nathan C.
Dibert, Daniel B. Peters, Mrs. M.
Donovan, Richard C. Phillips, Mrs. M. C.
Eldredge. Captain K. Rebut, Amand
Emery, Ida E. Risk. Mary
Flood, Elizabeth Stark; Luke
GefTke, Henry W. Sullivan. John
Granfield, Morris Veen, Clara
Griffin, James Wallace. Adele I*.
Isllp, Mary J. ; . Welsh, Winifred
BATNBJ- In New York. February 14. IVM>. Wil-
liam Bayne, father of Richarn B&ytte.
BOWEN— In this city, February 16, 18SS, James
Hume, infant son of John B. and Anni-> B.
Bowen, a native of San Francisco, aged 17
days,
BUCHANAN— In thi* city. February 15. TW,
James P., beloved son of R. A. and Nettie
Buchanan, a native of Michigan, aged 6
years s months and > days. '
CTFrienilH and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery.
BURNS— In this city. February 16. ISPS. May,
dearly beloved daughter of James and Ella
Burns, and sister of the late Georse E.
Burns, age.l 7 years :< nv.nths ar.'l 16 days.
DIBERT— In this city, February l«, IS9B, Dan-
iel Bert, beloved son of Lloyd C. and Mary
T. Dibert, and brother of Lloyd N., Milton
M., Charles E , Florence, Minnie A. and
Wain S. Dibert, a native of San Francisco,
aged 8. year* and 10 days.
DONOVAN— In the City and County Hospital.
February 1«, IK9B, Richard Cornelius Dono-
van, a native of Massachusetts, aged 58
years.
ELDREDGE— In Alanvda. February 14. 189S,
Captain Kimball C, beloved husband of Mury
Helen Eldredge, a. native of Maine, aged
76 years and -2 months.
lEJ^Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the fun-ral services this day < Thurs-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the First Congrega-
tional Church, corner of Post and Mason
streets, San Francisco. Interment private.
EMERY— In this city, February 15, IS9S, Ida
Ellen, dearly beloved wife of Harry Emery,
-of Greenwood, Mendocin.i County, daughter
oT Mrs. M. E. Pettls, mother of Mrs. Charles
H. Murray, and grandmother of Florence I.
and Charles B. Murray, a native of Somerset,
Mase.. at?ed 41 years 2 months and 10 days.
UTTFriends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her daughter, Mrs. Charles H. Murray, 31
Rausch street, thence to Central M. E.
Church, Mission street, between Sixth and
Sevsnth, for services, commencing at 1:30
o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
FLOOD— In this city, February 16. 1898. Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of Henry S. Flood, and
mother of George, James. Agnes and Harry
Flood, a native of New York.
itTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Fri-
day), at 11 o'clock, at the residence, 201 i
Broadway. Interment private.
GEFFKE— In this city, February 14. 1898,
Henry W., dearly beloved husband of Nellie
GeffUe, father of August Geffke, son of
Henry and Meta Geffke, and brother of the
late Herman and August Lisewski, a native
of San Francisco, aged 30 years 1 month and
8 days.
Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1010 Brynr.t street, between Eighth
and Ninth. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery-
GRANFIELD— In this city, February 15, 1898,
Morris Granfleld, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 46 years.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of Theodor Dierks. 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GRIFFIN— In Oakland, at St. Mary's CoUege,
February 14. 189$, Brother Clanan, known In
the world as James Griffin, a native of '
County Clare, Ireland, aged 64 years 7 months
and 20 days
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), from St. Mary's College, whore
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repobe of his s ml. commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
ISLIP— In this city, February 15, IS9S, Mary
J., dearly beloved wife of George B. Islip,
a native of County Louth, Ireland, aged 78
years.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Hospital Chapel, where a silemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her i-oul. commencing at S:3O o'clock, thence
to train, Third and Townsend streets. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LONG— In this city, February 14, 1398, Cap-
tain James H. Long, a native of New York,
ajjed 53 years. (New York City papers please
copy.)
ICFFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10;30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street,
thence by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend ttreets to Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
MYERS— In Olema. Cal., February 14, 1898.
David, belc'ved husband of Julia Myers,
fathpr of Mathew, Mary, John, William and
Francis Myers and Mrs. G. W. Crandall, and
brother of Edward Myers, a native of Cork.
Ireland, aged 07 years. (Boston. Mass., pa-
pers please copy)
(DTriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, thence to Lourdes Church, Olema,
Cal.. where a solemn high requiem mass will
be 'celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment San Rafael.
Cal.
OWEN— Near Haywards, February 15, 1898,
William 8., beloved husband of Ethel M.
Owen, father of Edith and Harry W. Owen,
and brother of V. H. Owen, a native of
Haywards, Cal., aged 26 years 5 months and
29 days.
{C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resl-
dfnce near Haywards. Interment Mount
Eden Cemetery.
PARRISH— In this city, February 16, 1898, Na-
than C, husband of Julia A. Parrish. and
father of Harry A. and Ellis H. Parrish, a
native of New York, aged 70 years.
jtTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 73S Capp street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
PETERS— In this city, February 16. IS9B. Mrs.
Margaret Peters, a native of Scotland, aged
74 years.
(C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend' the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. William Helbing, 2712
Folsom street. Interment private. No flow-
ers.
PHILLIPS— In this city, February 15, 1898,
Mrs. Martha Caroline Phillips, beloved
mother of Mrs. Mary A. Freeman and James
K. and Thaddeus P. Phillips, and grand-
mother of Charleß R. Persons, a native of
Richmond, Va., aged SO years 4 months and
12 days. (Buffalo, N. 1., papers please copy.)
lE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the Third Bap-
tist Church, Powell street, near Bush. In-
terment Lanrel Hill Cemetery.
REBUT— In this city. February 15, 1898, Amand
Rebut, beloved husband of Josephine, and
father of Marie and Louise Rebut and Mrs.
F. Thomas, a native of Havre, France, aged
67 years 4 months and 11 days.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the luneral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 27j9 Mission street, corner of Twenty-
fourth. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RISK— In this city. February 15. IS9S. Mary
Risk, beloved mother of Robert. George and
James H. Hunter. William Rls-k. Mrs. Kate
Estudillo and Miss Mamie Risk, a native oC
Dundalk. Ireland, aged fi4 years.
tt^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her son, James Hunter. 1304 1 J Mont-
gomery street, thence to St. Francis Church,
where services will be held. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
STARK— In this city, February 15. 1898. Luke
Stark, a native of New York, aged 52 years
2 months and 8 days.
tCTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Carew & English, 41 Van
Ness avenne.
SULLIVAN— In this city, Fehruary 15. ISSS,
John Sullivan, beloved son of the late Flor-
ence and Mary- Sullivan, and brother of Mrs.
J. Slattery and Mrs. Ann McNamara of
Waatport, M«ndoclno County, Cal., and
nephew of Mrs. Elizabeth Nelson, a native
of South Carolina, aped 37 years.
(^TFrlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence cf his sister, Mrs. J. Slattery, 11>"*3
Montgomery street, thence to St. Francis
Church, where services will be said for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 2 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
VEEN— In this city, February 15, 18ii8. Clara,
bt-loved wife of Frank J. Veen, mother of
Elsie and August Veen, daughter of ("lavs
and Elizabtth Wreden. and sistf-r of Mrs. J.
F. Witzel and Henry M. and William G.
Wreden, a native of San Francisco, aged 30
years 6 months and 10 days.
(TTFrlonrt* and poqii;i*ntnnces are respect-
fully invite.l to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 2113 Taylor street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
W \LLACE— In this city, February 16, 1898,
Adele Lillian Wallace, a native of San
Francisco. ag?d 4 months and 22 days.
WELSH— In this city. February 18. 1895. Wini-
fred, beloved wife of James Welsh, mother
of John, William. Thomas, James, Edward
and Katie Welsh, and aunt of Mrs-. J. O'Mal-
ley, a native of Ireland, fcged "7 years.
McAVOY & GALLAGHER,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS k EMHALMEB* I
20 FIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln School. |
Telephone, South !<O. 1
1516
WALLER
WOULD
ELOPE
Fascinated by a Den
izen of the Demi-
Monde.
The Indicted School Di
rector Doubtful of
an Acquittal.
J%. Friend Advises Him Not to
Put, His Trust in Any
Lawyer.
HE THREATENS SUICIDE.
'Corn Woods the Name of the Lady
Who Would Be Willing to
Fly With Him.
The delights of the tenderloin have
proven a pitfall for an official, who,
from the dignity of his office, should
have been proof against the •wiles of
the sirens of the demi-monde. Samuel
1,. Waller, druggist and School Direc
tor, is the latest example of the fall
ing from grace of a public official, and
his downfall is in some measure to be
■attributed to his liaison with a fair
haired Hebe whose present name is
Cora Woods.
Waller is not at all comfortable in
his present predicament and has no
ambition to face an investigation of his
alleged felony in a court of justice.
Fince he was indicted by the Grand
Jury he asserts that he has lost thirty
pounds in weight, and that the anxiety
and worry of his case is "killing him
by inches." To end all this trouble he
has come to the conclusion that he
would be better off in a distant State
and in company with the fair Cora he
at one time about decided to try his
luck elsewhere.
It Is rumored by people who are in
timate acquaintances of the indicted
School Director that if he succeeds in
eluding his bondsmen and the police he
will leave this State to-day, and as he
has made over his interest in the drug
store on the corner of Grant avenue
and Geary street to his brother there
would appear to be some truth in *he
Btory. gome of his friends assert thai
his bondsmen are to be left lamenting
while others say that the amounts his
bondsmen will be called upon to pay m
the event ot Waller not putting in an
appearance will be delivered to them
before he leaves.
It is said that Waller and the fair
Cora have been preparing for departure
during th£ past week, and the young
lady, who for some time had been liv
ing at the Golden Eagle Hotel on Pow
ell street, but owing to a slight disa
greement with the landlady of the ho
tel over property and rent was re
quested to leave about a month ago,
■turned up at the hotel yesterday and
Tedeemed her belongings, which the
landlady had seized for the rent that
was due. It is alleged that Waller was
In company with her on her visit to the
hotel, and afterward escorted her to
her present lodgings at 416 Eddy street.
The young lady told the proprietress of
the hotel that she intended to leave the
city this week. Early this week "Miss
Woods" ordered two tickets to be set
apart for the Saturday matinee of the
Bostonians. Last night she counter
manded her order on the plea that she
■was leaving town and her deposit for
the tickets was returned to her.
A few days ago Waller remarked to
an intimate friend that if he did not
succeed in getting away he would end
his life in the bay. He discussed the
matter pro and con with his friend,
and the advice of the latter was char
acteristic. He said: "If you fight the
matter through the courts. Waller,
don't you have anything tn do with a
'shyster lawyer.' " The friend has had
considerable experience with lawyers of
late, so that he should know whereof
he speaks.
Waller obtained his release last Sat
urday on bonds furnished by Joseph
Xaphtaly and Thomas A. Bums, who
Tjoth qualified in the sum of $5000, and
the School Director was not detained in
custody a moment later than was nec
essary for the filing of the bonds. Since
then, however, he has by some un
known means obtained information
that the Grand Jury intends to present
other indictments apainst him, and it
is alleged that he then determined to
take time by the forelock and escape
■while h«' may.
The lady in the case was peen last
night, but would give no Information
on the subject of flirting. She said:
"I am not a walking information bu
reau, nor am I a directory of people's
•movements. I never stopped at the
/solden Eagl» Hotel, nor do I know Mr.
Clayton of the Columbia Theater. I
do not know anybody, and I absolutely
refuse to talk upon the matter at all."
To Mr. Clayton she said that she had
an old fogy, who, in the language of
the demi-monde, was "putting up for
Jier." Cora is a stylish blonde and very
clever in the ways of the world. She
told the landlady of the Golden Eagle
Hotel that she was living at a certain
number on Mason street, but on in
quiry it was ascertained that she went
direct from the hotel to her present
residence.
The landlady of the hotel, when seen
last night, said: "Cora lived here for
gome time, and Sam Waller often visit
ed her here. I know him well and am
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Most Torturing, Disfiguring,
Humiliating
Of itching, burning, bleeding, scaly skin
and scalp humors is instantly relieved
by a warm bath with Ccticcra Soap,
a single application of Ccticura (oint-
ment), the great skin cure, and a full dose
of Ccticcra Resolvent, greatest of blood
puritiers and humor cures.
(uticura
Remedies speedily, permanently, and
economically cure, when all else fails.
Pottu Drco a*d Cm*. Cow. Sole Prop*.. Boiton.
67* ■• How to Care Every Skin and Blood Honor," tret.
. PIMPI V CAprC Pnrlfled *nfl BewtlSed by
not unlikely to be mistaken. But I
could not allow Cora to stay here any
longer, as she became too well known.
Besides that, there were other unpleas
ant circumstances. I was forced to
protect myself by turning her out and
seizing her wardrobe. I believe Waller
was with her when she came to settle
her account last Tuesday."
Waller dined with Thomas A. Burns
last night, and was afterward seen in
company with Burns and James Fen
nell at Crimmins' saloon, at the corner
of Fifth and Market streets.
McPHERSON SUSPECTED.
Federal Officers Are Looking for a
New Opium Ring Now at Work.
There were rumors on the water front
and in Federal circles yesterday to the
effect that A. W. McPherson is suspected
of being the leader of a new opium ring.
An old Federal inspector, who has had
his eye on the movements of McPherson
and his followers for some weeks, said
yesterday:
"It is hard to say Just how the new
gang is operating, but it may b£_ safely
said that Government officers are on thefr
trail and that it will be impossible for the
ring to make any great progress without
detection. McPherson's conduct relative
to Ouban matters has also excited con
siderable suspicion, and it is thought he
has something under way in aid of the
insurgents, possibly in connection with
Captain Mahoney."
A PECULIAR ARREST.
Two Men Booked on a Grand Lar
ceny Charge but Soon Released.
Officer John McLean arrested Olaf Olaf
son and Thomas McAvoy on the corner
of Ellis and Taylor streets last night,
and after taking them to prison placed
a charge of grand larceny against them.
Captain Wittman. after closely ques
tioning: the two prisoners, discharged
them from custody. The trouble origin
ated in a scuffle the two men had over a
five-dollar piece, which hail fallen to the
ground and each accused the other of an
attempt to purloin it. The consequence
was they were both taken to jail.
Eye and Ear Hospital.
The opening reception of the California
Eye and Ear Hospital. ICT7 Sutter street,
will be held this afternoon from 3 to 5.
Among those who will receive the visi-
GEORGE E. WHITE AND HIS YOUNG BRIDE.
tors will be Mrs. William H. Mills, Mrs.
John I. Sabin, Mrs. C. T. Dear.c, Mrs.
C. T. Mills, Mrs. Clyde A. Payne, Miss
Grace Sabin. Miss Delia Mills, Miss Flor
ence Stone. Miss May Crowell, Miss Marie
Currier, Mies Bernie Drown and Miss
Marion Forrest.
SNEAKTHIEVES
MAKE A HAUL
They Enter a Liquor Store in
Broad Daylight and Tap
a Cash Register.
The Bartender Was in Front of the
Place When the Robbery
Took Place.
Sneak thieves succeeded in robbing the
cash register in the store of George Buz
z!ni, a liquor merchant at Eighth and
Minna streets, a few days ago.
While Bartender J. G. Marks was en
gaged in conversation with a customer in
front of the store, the thieves quietly
entered at the side door, and while one
kept a lookout, the other ransacked the
cash register. Marks did not discover that
the place was robbed until he went to
the register to make change. Not a cent
greeted his ryes and he could not ac
count for its disappearance. Further
search showed that two revolvers and a
pocket knife that usually reposed in the
drawer were missing.
Marks said that the reason why he did
not hear the bell of the register when
it was opened was due to the noise of
heavy traffic passing the store.
A MAPLE ROOM PARTY.
Friends of the Bay City Wheelmen
Meet and Dance the Night
Away.
The Bay City Wheelmen held their
thirteenth annual reception in the maple
room of the Palace last evening.
About 200 friends of the knights of the
bike attended and showed their disregard
of the fatal number by dancing the even
ing away and having a "perfectly splen
did" time.
President Frank H. Kerrigan acted as
floor manager, and was assisted in look
ing after the welfare of the association's
pretty guests by a floor and reception
fommittee composed of Dan O'Callaghan,
William H. Toepke, Archibald Reid.
Thomas S. Hall, Henry L. Day and Henry
W. Spalding.
Duty on Sealskin Sacques.
The Treasury Department has decided
that articles, such as sealskin capes and
other things of personal adornment,
toilet, etc., purchased abroad by residents
of the United States under paragraph 697
of the act of 1897, must be personal effects
and subject to restrictions governing the
same.
Low's Horehound Cough Syrup for
hoaraeneßß, price 10c 417 Sansome st. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1898.
THE CATTLE
KING WEDS
ONCE MORE
G. E. White Takes a
Bride for the Third
Time.
A Gay Old Lothario and
Pretty Young Girl
for a "Wife.
He Is Seventy-Two Years of
Age and She Is Fifty
Years Younger.
MATCH MADE BY WRAITHS
Married According to the Advice of
the Spirits Conjured by a
Trusted Medium.
George E. White, the wealthy cattle
king of Round Valley, is married again.
This time his bride is a pretty young
lady not much more than one-third his
age. Twice before the cattle king ven
tured on the sea of matrimony. His
first wife died not long after the wed-
I ding ceremony. Then he married one
■of his nieces. That marriage was not
: a happy one for the uncle and husband.
After a few years of life with his sec
ond wife domestic trouble commenced
and a divorce was secured by Mrs.
White. The cattle king was ordered to
pay alimony by the court, but he re
fused to pay it and a suit was the re
sult. Judgment was secured against
; him, but he would not recognize it and
! he was thrown into jail for contempt
lof court. That was nearly three years
I ago. He, however, settled the griev
ance against him, and ever since he
has been looking for another wife. He
; made love to many, but he could find
none to suit him. He consulted the
spirits on his matrimonial aspirations,
and they told him to watch the col
i limns of a marriage paper published in
■ this city, and in that way he was made
acquainted with the young lady he
made his third wife.
White is a believer in spiritualism.
He consults mediums for advice on
every venture he undertakes. All his
business affairs are carried on under
the counsel of the spirits. The medium
who conjures up for him the wraiths
of the vasty spaces apparently under
stands his business affairs, for the
ghosts have no difficulty in giving rea
sonable advice. As White has the
means to pay if anything goes wrong
he stands his losses with reasonable
grace and praises the ghosts when
things come his way.
The spirits advised him to make his
third matrimonial venture, and the
wedding of yesterday was the result.
The bride was Miss Louise Bogan, a
pretty young lady living at 310 Tehama
street. She had known her aged suitor
but a short time when the wedding was
i arranged. He was an ardent lover and
lan energetic man for his years. His
; beard was kept a shining black with a
liberal use of dye, and in the fire of his
love he strutted about with all the
vigor of a youth. His blazing diamonds
j and frequent and costly presents cap
! tivated the young lady. When a wed
■ ding trousseau was suggested the
aged lover looked to it, and the bride
stood beside him before the minister in
• a rustling white silk gown which
showed off her pretty figure to an ad
j vantage the happy groom admiringly
| appreciated. Rev. Dr. Cryor, the pas
j tor of the Westminster Presbyterian
' Church, performed the ceremony. Miss
Anna Hannon was the bridesmaid and
the maid of honor was Miss Kate El
phinston. John P. Bogan, a brother of
i the bride, supported the groom. Only
a few of the friends of the bride were
present at the ceremony. There was a
breakfast after the marriage had been
performed, and then the newly married
couple took the train for Los Angeles.
I They will remain there for a short
I time, then take a trip through the
southern part of the State and prob
ably go to Mexico.
The necessary marriage license was
secured for the couple by the groom, In
which the ago of th» .cattle king was.
given as 55 and the bride as 22. The
bride's age Is correct, but the friends
of White say the groom's age is 72.
DEATH OF N. C. PARB.ISH.
The Ex-Supervisor and Pioneer In
surance Agent Succumbs to a
Stroke of Paralysis.
Ex-Supervisor Nathan C. Parrish died at
an early hour yesterday morning after
an illness that has confined him to his
bed for several months. About six years
ago Mr. Parrish gradually lost control
of his legs, and notwithstanding the most
skillful medical treatment his malady de
veloped into locomotor ataxia, and two
years ago he was compelled to give up all
business. Sunday night Mr. Parrish was
stricken with partial paralysis, and from
that time until his death he lay in a
comatose state.
Mr. Parrish was born in the State of
New York on July 4, 1828. Soon after
reaching his majority, he removed to
Harvard, 111., where, in 1852. he married
Miss Julia Diggins, sister of J. C. and
Byron Diggins of this city. Mr. and
Mrs. Parrish, accompanied by the for
mer's family, made a honeymoon trip
across the plains to California, arriving in
San Francisco late in that year. Mr. Par
rish spent several years In mining, but
for the past quarter of a century he has
been connected with the Fireman's Fund
Insurance Company. In 1882 he was
elected a member of the Board of Super
visors from the Eleventh Ward, which
position he filled with honor to himself
and his constituents. Since his retirement
from public office Mr. Parrish has de
voted his attention to his private inter
ests.
Besides his widow Mr. Parrish leaves
two sons. H. A. and E. H. Parrish. The
funeral will take place from his late resi
dence. 738 Capp street, at 2 o'clock this
afternoon. The interment will be in the
family plot in laurel Hill Cemetery.
PRISON DIRECTORS MEET.
Warden Hale Authorized to Sell One
Million Convict-Made Grain
Sacks.
A special meeting of the Board of Pris
on Directors was held yesterday, and, af
ter a lengthy discussion, it was decided
to authorize Warden Hale of San Quentin
Prison to advertise the sale of 1,000,000
grain sacks.
Warden Hale appeared before the com
mission and stated that he had about two
million and a half sacks on hand and that
he believed it advisable to dispose of a
part of them.
Under the law regulating the sale of
grain hags manufactured at the peni
tentiary, no purchaser can obtain more
that 6000 sacks unless by consent of the
Prison Directors. In view of the fact that
the output has far exeoded the demand,
the commission decided to place one mil
lion sacks in the field, the limitation as
to number bought being for the present
withdrawn. The price of the sacks was
set at a previous meeting at $5 30 per
hundred.
The directors also authorized an ex
penditure of $175 t" build a corrugated
iron building at San Quentin, where the
"waste oorder" will be placed. The "cor
der" is at present in the jute mills, and
catches fire on an average of three times
a week. Fortunately for the State, the
fires have always been discovered In time
and quickly distinguished. Should a tire
occur in the jute mill much valuable ma
chinery would be ruined, so the directors
thought it better to have the "waste cor
der" isolated.
QUARANTINE LAWS.
nState Officer Chalmers Gains a Ter-
porary Victory.
Judge Conlan yesterday rendered his
decision In the case of Captain Finch of
the steamer Gaelic and Pilot Johnson,
charged with violating the quarantine
laws by refusing to permit State Quaran
tine Officer Chalmers to board the vessel
on her arrival last September. It has
been brought up as a tt>st case in regard
to the much-vexed question as to whether
the Federal or State quarantine Officer
has the power to quarantine vessels.
Judge Conlan, in giving his decision,
said he could not overlook the fact that
there was a Rtfite Jaw authorizing the
appointment of a quarantine officer, and
he would therefor^ find the defendants
guilty, but would impose a nominal fine
of $10 on each, with no alternative. Notice
of appeal was promptly given to the Su
perior Court.
BABIES TO BE
AGAIN EXHIBITED
The Mining Fair Management
Will Give Them All a
Chance.
A Unique Communication on the
Subject— Miss Davies' Klon
dike Kitchen.
There Is going- to be another baby show
at the Mining Fair, and all the mothers
with young hopefuls between the ages of
2 to 4 will have a chance of showing them
next Monday afternoon. There were a
large number of babies whose mothers did
not get a chance to exhibit them at the
last competition, and in order to give all
a chance the management has decided to
reopen the list. This determination was
brought about by the following letter re
ceived yesterday:
MOUNTAIN VIEW,
Santa Clara County. Cal.
To the Secretary of Mining Fair— Sir: I
write this to see if there would he anything
in it for my triplet girls if I were to take them
to the Mining Fair any certain day. They are
two and one-half years old, were born July 6,
IS9B, are bright a*nd very healthy, and have
a great many visitors, and we have been ad
vised by a great many to place them on exhi
bition, but it has not been in our power to do
so. We did not see your offer to triplets until
Thursday noon, and then It was too late to
take them, or we should certainly have gone.
We are people that are renting land and
struggling to get along, having to depend on
a day's work to support a large family. I
thought If there would be any money in It for
the little girls by taking them to the fair for
a day I would like to know, as I am anxious
to get a little home for the girls. I do not
want to appeal to the charitable at all, but
would like to know If there would be any
money In It by taking them to your fair. Hop-
Ing there Is no harm done by writing this.
Yours respectfully,
MRS. HARVEY SMITH.
Mountain View. Santa Clara, Cal.
Varenne, the one-legged dancer, amused
those present at the fair yesterday after-
noon.
Miss Edna Davies, the official lecturer
on Klondike foods, spent a busy after
noon yesterday cooking banana fritters,
broiling: lamb chops and beauguard eggs.
She has published a book called the
"Klondike Cook Book," and many of the
receipts have pleased the housewives that
have read it. To-day she will cook French
rolls, deviled crab and banana snow.
There will be a soap-wrapping contest
to-night, and an endeavor will be made
to beat the world's record again. There
will be eleven contestants.
WILL LEAVE THE CITY.
George Upson, the Counterfeit Lot-
tery Ticket Man, Heavily Fined
by Judge Joachimsen.
George Upson, the notorious counter
feiter of lottery tickets, appeared in
Judge Joachlmsen's court yesterday morn-
Ing to answer to the charge of keeping a
lottery place. Upson was arrested about
a week ago by Sergeant Donovan and
posse at his house on Clementina street,
and the plateß, dies, punches and other
articles used in the manufacture of tick
ets, besides a large number of tickets,
were seized.
Upson pleaded guilty to the charge, and
promised that if the Judge would be len
ient with him he would leave the city.
The Judge lined him $200, with the alter
native of six months in the County Jail.
He has on former occasions been fined
$300 and $250.
A. C. Campbell, who was arrested at
the same time for aiding and a"betting a
lottery, will be tried by Judge Campbell
on Friday. Campbell is one of the men
who purchased the counterfeit tickets
from Upson and sold them. He will
be remembered as a witness in the fam-
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
(^^^^^k^^^^^^M p37 to 945 Market Street
IB* " A Remnant Sale Worth Reading About ! iffl
11 TO-DAY— TO-MORROW— SATURDAY. !^^||
I I THE ENTIRE REMNANT ACCUMULATION SINCE OCTOBER Ist ON THE SALE J^M^&M J I
II PrY TABLES TO-MORROW AT THE FOLLOWING DISCOUNTS— <<2&W^% Iff
lllHSWj^ //I /^\ p* C '•■ CLOSED EVERT €> / «^ >^n p- p> * ..f^zf?! m
«V^^i The marked price I NIGHT IN THE WEEK <«> The marked price >@&%IM
■ bi^^ on all remnants of a on all remnants of Jf^Sim
\s§!s DRESS GOODS ' AT 6P. M. '"•- LACES
V^^^ SILKS ' " y. <$. ' EMBROIDERIES < . _ JrvVif M Mw
DOMESTICS. ®®$>&s><&Q>®Q>s>&4> RIBBONS. **-" ' m M
r'i.'.'V--.' These : remnants are already marked at • remnant prices, which are much less i, than the £&Jmm'
tX\S& original ' selling price by the yard. These remnant prices will not be raised. After you have  --^jf/M - r "
%VvJ bought all the remnants you wish, the total will be added up and the discount taken from VssyilMW '
' * ■ 2^4 yards of Flannelette at remnant price. ..S 15 • lu&SrMw ' " ' * i ~..
T^SS@}9ff'\ * 1"' yards of Muslin at remnant price 20 «
.• tit yards of Dress Goods at remnant price.. A 00 . rv^vl\SA#^' " '
Discount of 25 per cent allowed during » K^y^J^^T
A HOT TIME
IN BASEBALL
The Pacific States League
Has Been Quietly
Organized.
It Is Said to Be the Dark
Scheme of a Private
Corporation.
The Pacific States Baseball League
wan organized last night In the office
of Eugene F. Bert, in the Parrott build
ing. Eight clubs were represented and
Bert was elected president. It was de
cided to play at Central Park and use
the regular association ball. A schedule
committee was appointed and the sea
son will open on March 3. -The clubs
represented at the meeting were: Gilt
Edge of Sacramento, E. L. Kripp, W.
J. Henesey; San Francisco, D. Crow
ley; Oakland, F. H. Bushnell; Santa
Cruz, O. L. Tuttle and F. W. Swanton;
Olympics of this city, E. J. Kaplen;
San Jose, J. McGuckkin and W. West
in; Stockton, G. H. Campbell, and Re
liance of Oakland, Cal Ewing.
THE DOUBLE OF LILLIAN RUSSELL
Miss Barney of Oakland, Who Is Said to Resemble the
"Airy Fairy" One to a Remarkable Degree.
Lillian Russell has a "double" and she Is Miss Marian Barney now with
Harry Corson Clarke at the Columbia Theater.
Miss Barney is a tall blonde of great beauty. She made her debut Mon
day evening, and immediately scored a hit.
Mlsb Barney is an Oakland girl and first won recognition as a dramatic
reader. She played for a short time at Santa Rosa, but her formal bow to
the public was made in this city.
Mr. Clarke considers that he has found a treasure in Miss Barney, as she
has both talent fend beauty. The former gift she has proved she possesses
since last Friday night in the part she sustains in "What Happened to
Jones," and as for the latter the men say a single glance at her will settle
the Question In her favor,
It was derided to have a 2 per cent
reserve fund, to be collected from all
the games to be played, and this is to
form a consolation purse to be played
for at the end of the season between
the three leading clubs, and is to be
divided in the ratio of 50, 30 and 20 per
cent. Governor Budd has promised that
when the season is over that he will
give to the winning club a handsome
banner, to be known as the champion
ship flag. When the regular season Is
ended there will be a series of games
played here between the champion club
of this league and the champion club of
some other Coast league to be selected
later.
It was currently reported that the or
ganization of the Pacific States League
was nothing more or less than a re
vival of the malodorous carnival that
was held here last year. Upon this sub
ject T. P. Robinson, the manager of the
Recreation Park, at the corner of
Eighth and Harrison streets, expressed
himself in no uncertain terms.
He said: "The California League will
run again this season and it will show
the Examiner that baseball can be
successfully operated here without its
support This new league is being
fathered by the Examiner, and it
wants to get in and glorify itself some
where you can rest assured on that. I
understand that it is offering the clubs
less money to go with this league, with
the understanding that if they do they
will receive the support of the paper.
The league cannot hold all of the clubs
that it claims are going with it. As
for the Reliance Club, for Instance, the
California League controls the park
there and the club will play with our
league. Some of the other clubs that
are claimed will not be with the new
league.
"I have cleared my park of all legal
hindrances and the opposition, sup
posing that I had not, took snap Judg
ment and organized this new league.
I consider the new league to be backed
and operated by the Examiner and
that it intends to run baseball to suit
itself."
It is hardly necessary to say that the
meeting of the Pacific States League
was secret and that only such data
were given out for publication as it
was desjj-ed that the press should have.
It is apparent that there is to be com
petition and opposition in baseball cir
cles this season.
FOOTBALL OVER THE BAT.
Association Games Which Will Be
Played This Month in
Alameda.
Association football is experiencing
somewhat of a boom in Alameda, The
following games will be played at Ala
mpda and at Auburn during this month,
and, as the teams are well matched, some
close contests should result: February
19 Vampires vs. Marines, at Alameda ;
February 22. Oakland vs. Vampires, at
Alameda: February 22, Keswick vs. Cit
rus, at Auburn; February 26, Vampires
vs. Wanderers, at Alameda.
In Aid of Old St. Mary's Church.
An .entertainment ..will be given »i this
evening at the Mission Turn Verein Hall,
Eighteenth street, near Mission, In aid of
the parish building fund of old St. Mary's
College Church. Miss K. Supple, the or
ganist of the church choir, will have
charge of the affair. . ,",%'-">'
■.. ■ » ■
Landaus, wagonettes, traps and dragdtf
of the latest designs at O'Brien & Sons',™
Golden Gate avenue and Polk street. • '
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
mnnTGOODS^
nlUn I prices.
A very telling combination.
Below are some of our
good things at specially
reduced prices for the
rest of this week.
SAUTERNE, gallon - * - - 40c
Ab pleasing and as satisfying as the most
exacting could wish.
Regular price, 75c.
CORN, tin lOC
Finest Sugar Corn, packed in Maine.
Regular price, 15c.
PDREE DE FOIES GRAS, tin - 20c
Best imported.
Regular price, 25c.
PORT AND SHERRY, qt. bot. - 30c
Gallon 90c
California's good ■wholesome wine.
Regular price, 50c and $1 50.
RANCH EGGS, doz^ ■ • me
21 STOCKTON ST., 1 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
FURNITURE,
CARPETS.
|i|j|J| Ladies'
Cash op
Little-at-a-time Payments.
J. NOONAN, |
1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.
516-518-520-522 Minna St.
fIBOVE SIXTH ST.
Telephone, South 14. Open Evenlnft*