VOLUME LXXXV.-UO. 15.
MRS. BOTKIN FACES
AN ACCUSING WITNESS
DRAMATIC SCENE ENACTED AT THE TRIAL.
The Suspected Woman Picked as
the Purchaser of Poison
and Candy.
Prosecution Finishes a Critical Day in the
Presentation of Its Case— A Series of
Sensational and Exciting
Incidents.
THE prosecution of Mrs. Cor
delia Botkin has now reached
a critical stage. For the
first time since the hearing of testi
mony began the name of the ac
cused woman was used yesterday un
der dramatic circumstances. One wit
ness testified positively that Mrs.
Botkin purchased arsenic at the Owl
drug store on June 1. Another de
clared her belief that the defendant
had bought the box of candy that was
subsequently poisoned. Every effort
of the defense to break the effect of
this evidence was without avail.
The attorney for Mrs. Botkin at
tempted to threaten and to browbeat,
but his attack was without effect.
The defense found some consolation
in the fact that a third witness for
the State failed in what the prosecu
tion evidently expected him to do. He
also had sold arsenic about June 1,
but he could not swear that he had
sold it to Mrs. Botkin. When pressed
for a definite answer he said there
was doubt enough in his mind for
him to declare that he did not sell
the drug to Mrs. Botkin.
The case for the prosecution is now
nearing its close. Efforts will be
made to trace the handkerchief found
with the candy to Mrs. Botkin. Ex
perts on handwriting will swear that
the accused woman -wrote the ad
dresses on the box of candy, and then
John P. Dunning will take the wit
ness stand to show that Mrs. Bot
kin had a motive for murder. The
proceedings yesterday were of a very
sensational character.
There was very little to indicate In
the preliminary proceeding? yesterday
In the trial of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin
that the rr.'Jt exciting day of the case
■was to onsue. Before the last witness
of the day had heen relieved, however,
the accused woman had been more se
riously than before placed on the de
fensive. The attorneys for the prose
cution and the defense had clashed and
wrangled. Judge Cook had sharply
reprimanded one of them and had
threatened to clear the courtroom of
the hundreds of curious andmorbid
people who occupy every available seat,
throng the galleries, crowd the aisles
and encroach even upon the inclosure
In which sits the Judge. Incident after
Incident of excitement crowded one
upon the other during the day, and for
the first time Mrs. Botkin displayed
unmistakable signs of the fear that is
■within her.
The prosecution has now begun its
direct case against the accused woman.
Until yesterday the officers of State
v.ere concerned by necessity to prove
the fact of the Dover murders. This
has been done as far as the prosecutors
are able to do it. The case has turned
from that of the State of the murders
to the specific accusation of the woman
charged.
When court convened the audience
expected th John P. Dunning, husband
of one of the murdered women, would
be placed upon the stand to tell the
disgraceful story of his relationship to
Mrs. Botkin, to swear that she wrote
the address on the death package and
to establish with his recital a motive
for- the alleged crime of the woman.
The audience was disappointed. The
prosecution intends to hold John P.
Dunning for its last witness, who will
go upon the stand after Mrs. Botkin
has been connected with the murders
as far as the evidence of the State will
permit.
Thomas Price was the first witness of
the day. Mr. Price is the local chemist
and was needed by the prosecution to
complete its proof that there was still
arsenic in the poisoned candies after
the Dela.vare officials had turned the
box over to the police authorities of
this city. Mr. Price was equal to the
occasion. He testified that he had
made a chemical analysis of some of
the poisoned candy and had found ar
senic The results of his investigation
were! identical with those of Dr. T. R.
Wolfj and George Knight, who knows
the wisdom of leaving shrewd wit
nesses a'one. devoted practically no
time to cross-examination. Dr. Wolf
•was then recalled for a few minor ques
tions, and with his testimony th,e State
closed one of the great departments of
its case.
In closing one department and open
ing another the prosecutors did so in a
clever transition. Both Price and Dr.
T. R. Wolf had testified that arsenic
is never used for the purpose of bleach
ing. The next witness on the stand
swore that he had sold arsenic to Mrs.
Botkin because the woman assured him
that she wished to use the poisonous
The San Francisco Call
drug to bleach a hat. The witness who
gave this testimony is Frank Grey, a
clerk in the Owl drug store.
There was nothing new in the facts of
his evidence. He had told the story
before and no one in the courtroom
expected him to swear to anything
else. It was the method of his Identi
fication of Mrs. Botkin that supplied
the Bensation of the day. People for
got that Grey knew Mrs. Botkin be
fore she bought the poison, gave her
name and address and legally admitted
the purchase. But when Knight com
manded his client to stand, and the lit
tle, fat, black-gowned, black-com
plexioned woman arose and was point
ed out by Grey as the woman who had
purchased the poison there was a buzz
; 'Pressed excitement in the court
room.
Grey then related the circumstances
of the purchase as they have been re
lated. He sold powdered arsenic to
Mrs. Botkin. But both powdered and
lump arsenic were found in the poi
soned candy. The prosecution has
failed yet to show where the lump ar
senic was obtained.
In attempting to do so yesterday the
officers of the State met with a most
lamentable failure. David Green was
placed on the witness-stand and proved
to be a boomerang for the prosecution.
He worked for the Star drue store, on
Market street, near Fifth, in the latter
part of May and the early part of
June. About that time he sold lump
arsenic to a short, stout, flashily
dressed woman. When asked if Mrs.
Botkin was the woman Green hesi
tated, stumbled and collapsed in con
fusion. There was a rapid exchange of
sharp remarks between the attorneys
n? Knight sought to force the vacillat
ing drug clerk off his feet. Sharp re
marks and quick retorts served only to
make confusion worse confounded for
the helpless clerk, -who finally declared
in desperation that he could not id«i
tify Mrs. Botkin as the woman to
whom he sold the poison. The defense
had won its first victory, and the morn
ing session closed rather gloomily for
the prosecution.
The lost ground was more than made
up In the afternoon by the State. The
next effort was to show that Mrs. Bot
kin had purchased at the establishment
nf George Haas & Son the box of candy
that was subsequently poisoned and
then sent on its mission 'of murder to
Dover. The central witness of the af
ternoon was Miss Sylvia Heney, a
young saleswoman employed by George
Haas. Miss Heney is bright, quick,
I• rt and ready of wit Her story,
which may be of serious moment to
Mrs. Botkin, seemed to have been well
rehearsed, for the girl never stumbled
under the badgering, browbeating
- -examination of George Knight.
Miss Heney remembered that she had
sold a fancy box of candy on the after
norm of July 31 to a short, stout woman.
who, in manner of gait, movement and
appearance, resembled Mrs. Botkin.
When asked if Mrs. Botkin was the
purchaser of the box the saleswoman
replied impressively: "I believe she
is." There was a rustle and a sup
pressed buzz throughout the court
mom. Time and again Knight sought
to break the force of that answer, but
he failed. He shouted his questions
threateningly at the girl, but she only
arranged herself more comfortably in
the chair and replied with even temper
and undisturbed assurance.
Knight assumed to disbelieve the
girl's assertions, but the assumption
was unheeded if it was understood.
The lawyer grew insinuating, but his
soothing tones were as unavailing as
hi- disturbing shouts. Each effort to
cajole or threaten the girl into a modi-
Qcation of her calm assertion that she
believed Mrs. Botkin to be the woman
who bought the candy met only with
renewed failure. It was rather an in
teresting battle between a lawyer
trained in all the subterfuges of the
law and a girl who had probably never
been in a courtroom before. It seemed
as if Knight wished to retire from the
field, but did not know just how to do
so without meeting the titter that would
proclaim his defeat.
The attorney finally gave up in de
spair. He could neither confuse nor
frighten the witness. He could involve
her in no contradiction and her testi
mony remained as it had been given
upon direct examination. Miss Heney
had positively identified the box and
the candy and had reiterated until re
iteration became monotonous that she
believed Mrs. Botkin had made the
purchase. While this testimony was
being given the accused woman leaned
back in her chair and with eyes closed
remained in that position.
The last witness of the day simply
corroborated some of the more impor
tant elements of the testimony of Miss
Heney. This witness was Miss Kitty
M. Dittmer, another clerk employed by
SAX FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1898.
George Haas. This girl was also In
the store when It is alleged Mrs. Bot
km made her purchase. She was as
firm in her position as had been Miss
Heney, and Knight closed her cross
examination without winning a single
point. The case will be resumed to
day.
Professor Thomas Price, who said that
for forty years he had been an analytical
chemist, was the first witness of the day.
Mr. Hosmer's opening question "was:
"What is arsenic?" To this he replied
that it was one of the elements, and a
metal in character. He doubted if it was
a poison unless mixed with alkalies, when
it became a deadly poison. He then re
counted having received eight pieces of
chocolate candy from Chief Lees to be
analyzed.
Professor Price told in simple language
the methods employed and the results ob
tained by him. He found microscopic
crystals of arsenious acid in the candy.
One piece contained seven and 56-100
grains; another over five grains and tho
others nearly two grains each. No lumps
were found, it being mostly of an amor
phous, pulverized nature. Of ten pieces
he examined in Chief Lees' office later
two showed lump arsenic. One of these
lumps weighed nearly eight grains. The
aggregate amount found In eight pieces
was eighteen grains.
Asked as to the smallest dose that
would kill, he replied that it varied under
different conditions, but two to three
grains was a lethal dose and would cause
death. The witness told of the different
tests made by him and showed the speci
mens resulting from the tests.
Attorney Knight then took the witness
for cross-examination and questioned him
regarding the possibilities of poison de
vt loping about a copper candy kettle.
This was a possibility, he said, but poison
would only appear in minute particles.
Asked as to what produced colors he said
that was something the philosophers had
been unable to determine.
The witness said it would be impossible
for powdered arsenic to assume lump
form, although the latter might become
powdered in transportation. He saw no
nee of the chocolate having been
broken to insert the arsenic. Questioned
by Mr. Hosmer ho said that arsenic had
never been used to bleach hats to his
knowledge. Its bleaching power was
light.
Dr. Wolf was recalled and said he had
never heard of arsenic being used to
bleach straw. H-: also sai,! that cryftal
lne arsenic is sometimes found pulverized
and If placed In water or submitted to
moisture It would assume an amorphus
condition.
Frank Grey, pharmacist, employed in
the Owl Drug Store, was the next wit
ness. Mr. Hosmer's first question ■was:
"Do you know the defendant, Mrs. Bot
kin?" He replied: "Yes, by sight." He
knew her since August, 1897, having seen
her at the Baldwin Pharmacy prior to
his going to the Owl. On June Ist of this
year she applied to him for arsenic. He
asked for what purpose she required it
and was told It was for bleaching straw
hats. He suggested oxalic acid and
chlorate of lime as being more effective,
but she insisted on the arsenic, as she had
hoi n accustomed to using it. lie finally
gave her two ounces of pulverized ar
senic, marked it poison and asked her to
sup to another desk, where the sale could
be recorded. She gave him the name,
Mrs. Botkin, and the address, Victoria
Hotel, Hyde and California streets.
"Is the defendant the person who pur
chased the arsenic?" asked Mr. Hosmer.
At the suggestion of Mr. Knight Mrs.
Bntkin stood up and the witness replied:
"That is the lady." Ho said he delivered
the arsenic to Mrs. Botkin and she left
the store with it.
On cross-examination Mr. Knight asked
him where he was born and educated, and
then went at once to the period the wit
ness spent at Ukiah. He was asked why
he left the employ of Hoffman at Ukiah.
After an objection by Mr. Hosmer, he
said it was to take a position at the in
sane asylum. He was discharged from
there. Did not know why. Later he said
he was succeeded by a relative of the
manager.
He did not ask Mrs. Botkin to sign her
name in the poison register, as it was
neither the custom nor the law. Mr.
Knight tried to trace other sales of var
ious poisons, but the witness fell back on
his book of record, without which he was
nor. sure. Mr. Knight wanted the original
record, but only a photographic copy was
available.
"I want the book, the original record,"
said Mr. Knight.
"Then you'll have to wait," replied
Chief Lees.
Attorney Knight came back with, "Who
says so? I will not cross-examine the
witness until I get the book of original
entry."
The witness was excused until 2 o'clock
and David Green took his place on the
stand. He is employed as a druggist at
the corner of Clay and Kearny streets,
but was formerly employed in the Star
Drug Store, Market street, opposite Fifth.
While there he sold two ounces of arsenic
to a woman who was "flashily dressed,
stout and somewhat prepossessing."
Judge Cook: "State your best opinion
as to Mrs. Botkin being the woman." Mr.
Knight told Mrs. Botkin to stand up, and
Mr. Hosmer objected to his manner, say
ing he was intimidating the witnesses and
that it must stop. Judge Cook admon
ished Mr. Knight not to raise his voice.
Replying to the Judge's question, Mr.
Green said: "She reminds me of her." He
W&fl asked what she asked for and what
she purchased, but objection was made
and sustained by Judge Cook. Hosmer
explained that he expected to show the
character of the arsenic sold to a woman
who said she had been to the Owl Drug
Store. Mr. Knight objected on the ground
that the man stated that he did not rec
ognize Mrs. Botkin as the woman.
Judge Cook asked the witness: "Do
you, in your own mind, believe and will
you state under oath that she is the
woman?" The witness could not answer.
On cross-exnmination Mr. Knight com
menced to ask the same questions that
he objected to counsel for the prosecution
asking. When reminded of this he per
mitted the witness to retire.
Frank Grey was the first witness dur
ing the afternoon session, and contrary
to expectations was not severely cross
examined. He recalled no purchasers
at the Owl Drug Store on June 1. A
big business was done there, but not in
poisons. The hour from Ito 2 was us
ually a dull one. few purchasers being
present.
GREY'S DRAMATIC IDENTIFICATION OF MRS. BQTKIN. ■
AN exciting scene was enacted yesterday morning at the trial of Mrs.
Cordelia Botkin when the accused woman was identified by Frank
Grey as one to whom he had sold arsenic. It was the first time in
the great trial that even the slightest reference was made by name or
suggestion in the testimony to the woman on trial for her life. Grey's
theatrical identification created, therefore, a great stir in the courtroom.
Chief Lees took the stand and testified
to having gone to Grey some time since
and purchased a package of arsenic sim
ilar to the one sold Mrs. Botkin.
Mr. Grey was recalled and testified to
having put up a package for Chief Lees
in September of this year. It was taken
from the same bundle as that sold Mrs.
Botkin, but was not necessarily from the
same bulk.
To the Judge: "It was the same grade
and class of arsenic as that sold Mrs.
Botkin."
Miss Sylvia Heney, "sales lady" in the
candy store of George Haas & Son, was
the next witness. She has been employed
by Mr. Haas two years, and on Sunday,
July 31. sold chocolate candy to a lady.
The latter was not very tall and was in
clined to be stout.
"Did you sell any candy to Mrs. Bot
kin?" asked Mr. Hosmer.
"I can't say she is the party."
"Do you believe her to be the woman?"
"I believe she is.
"She came between 4 and 5. I was j
standing on the east side of the store |
where the candles are kept, the east side i
of the store. JShe wanted to see some !
fancy boxes, and I took her to where we j
kept them and showed them to her. She
selected a box and then asked for choc
olate candy, with which I then com- ;
menced to fill the box. The chocolates |
were mixed as I took them from different j
trays. Some were hard and others soft, j
but all were of the chocolate variety. I
The woman said she did not want the I
box filled to the top, as she wanted to put !
something else in It. I then wrapped j
up the box, first with tissue paper and '
then vsiih brown wrapping paper. Kittie i
Diitner brought the tissue paper for me. I
"I cannot say whether I placed a seal
on or not, but think I did. This seal is
mounted on paper with mucilage on tae
back, and I think I placed it about the
CUBAN EDITORS SEEK
EACH OTHER'S BLOOD
General Wood Prevents a Duel at
Santiago de Cuba by — rrest
ing the Principals.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA. Dec. 14.—
General Wood, Military Governor of
the Department of Santiago, stopped a
duel to-day that had been arranged be-,
tween Senor Trujillo. editor of El Por
venir and Senor Colono, editor of Cuba
Libre. An article recently appeared
In the Independencia abusing Senor
Trujillo, charging him with beine a
swindler and accusing him of numer
ous crimes. Senor Trujillo attributed
its authorship to Senor Colono and
sent the latter a challenge. Under the
conditions agreed upon the duel was
to have been fought this afternoon on
San Juan hill. The contestants were
to use six-shooters, beginning at twen
ty paces and walking toward each
other, firing at will. If neither should
be injured by the other's six shots the
antagonists were to reload and start
again.
Chief of Gendarmerie Valient report
ed the matter to General Wood, who
promptly arrested both men and con
fined them In their own houses under
guard.
Ask for Lower Water Rates.
FRESNO, Dec. 14.— The Board of Su
pervisors was yesterday asked to regu
late the rates for water charged by the
Fresno Canal and Irrigation Company.
Heretofore the Supervisors have not in
center of the box and on top of the fancy
knot."
"Do you always give a fancy box with
candy?" asked Mr. Hosmer.
"No. Not unless requested. The regu
lar box has Haas' name on it, and that
is the kind usually sold unless a request
is made for one without it."
The witness identified the candy, the
box, the seal, and even the brown paper
wrapper which covered the fatal box
that carried death to two women in Dela
ware. She then told of the regular price
of the candy purchased by the woman as
being 50 cents, but as she did not receive
a full pound she was charged 40
cents for the candy and 25 cents ad
ditional for the fancy box. It was the
price paid for the candy that helped to
fix the various circumstances in her mind.
as it was an unusual occurrence for a
person to call for an odd amount. ' Tne
purchaser seemed impatient and nervous,
asking her to hurry up several times. She
was in the store some ten minutes.
Attorney Knight then took the witness
through a most rigid cross-examination,
but try as he would he could not shake
her story. He first asked how many writ
ten statements she had made for Chief
Lees. The witness thought not more than
two, although her questioner named four.
Mr. Haas was the first person to whom
she had spoken about the candy, telling
him about the circumstance of selling the
fancy box.
"Didn't Kitty Dittner tell you you sold
the candy?" asked Mr. Knight.
"No, sir! You are mistaken," witness
replied.
She knew Chief Lees had been at tho
store, but had not seen him there. She
said that she identified the candy box as
the one sold by her the moment she saw
it. A question was framed that implied
that she knew it was Mrs. Botkin who
terferod with the rates, but it is claimed
they have the right to rogulate them, as
the water is diverted from Kings river,
a public watercourse. The petition was
signed by a number of citizens. The hear
ing of the petition was set for January
19. It is supposed the canal company
will oppose interference by the board.
PRETTY VALLEY ROAD
DEPOT AT TULARE
When Completed, the Structure Will
Be One of the Finest in
the State.
TULiARE, Dec. 14.— Work has begun on
Tulare's Valley Road depot and a very
handsome and commodious structure it
will be.
The depot proper, built of brick, will be
30x164 feet, with fruit shed addition and
verandas, making it when completed
one of the best depots on the line. Delay
has been occasioned by the failure to get
the brick on the ground as soon as was
expected. Work on the structure will
now go forward, and the Valley Road will
be fully equipped for Dusiness. The finish
ing touches are being put on the Tulare
branch of the road and regular trains will
shortly be in operation.
Restrictions May Be Removed.
BERLIN, Dec. 14.— There seems to be a
prospect of the removal in the near fu
ture of the restrictions placed upon Amer
ican insurance companies in Prussia.
Upon the request of one of the largest
companies the Minister of the Interior
had decided to send two representatives
to New York to investigate whether the
Americans are able to comply with the
conditions of the Prussian authorities.
purchased the candy, but she denied hav
ing made such a statement, as she was
nut sure of the identity.
"You don't recognize her. Have you
any doubt?" asked Mr. Knight in feigned
surprise.
"I believe she is the woman," replied
Miss Heney.
"Is she the party?" ; persisted Mr
Knight. : :
"I believe she is." said Miss Honey.
Mr. Knight put the same question again
witb the same result. He dropped the
matter and the witness said she could not
name any other customer on whom she
waited during the afternoon. She remem
bered the sale to Mrs. Botkin because of
the incidents surrounding it. She first
told her story to Chief Lees at her home.
Some days later she went to his office
and made a statement which was taken
down by a stenographer. She first went
to identify Mrs. Botkin when the latter
was being taken to court. She thought
she looked "awfully like the woman to
whom she had sold the candy."
The witness answered a question to
which Mr. Hosmer wished to object, and
Mr. Knight turned 10 him and said:
"That's the time I got the best of you."
The spectators laughed and Judge Cook
said:
"This laughter must cease. This is the
trial of a case where the defendant is on
trial for her life for murder. It is un
seemly to act in this manner and I will
not permit it. The people are here purely
through courtesy and in such numbers as
to interfere with the officers of this court.
If this occurs again I will at once order
the room cleared of all persons who can
not find seats."
Mr. Knight tried in vain to get the wit
ness to state why she was in the City
Prison and in the court room with Mrs.
Botkin one day, but she affirmed that she
did not know that it was for the purpose
ENGLAND WILL BE
ASKED TO ARBITRATE
Claims of Americans for Lands in
the Fiji Islands to Be Pressed
to a Settlement.
NEW YORK, Dec. 14.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says:
Secretary Hay has asked the British
Government to consider diplomatically
the claims of American citizens for
compensation for certain lands in the
Fiji Islands alleged to have been owned
by them and appropriated by the Brit
ish Government. This request Is pre
liminary to a suggestion that he
claims be referred to arbitration. T'iey
have been pending for twenty yei;rs.
They arose as the result of the cession
of the Fiji Islands to Great Britair* in
1874. The claims filed in the Suite
Department number ninety-five sfcid
the area of land affected is 170;117
acres. The total amount of compen
sation demanded from the British
Government is about $1,141,860. The
department has weeded down the
number of claims to twelve or fifteen,
amounting to several hundred thou
sand dollars, and these will be pressed
to a settlement.
Bescued by the Rickmers.
BALTIMORE, Dec. 14.— The overdue
North German Laoyd steamship liner
Maria Rickmers, from Bremen, passed in
Cape Henry at 4 o'clock this morning and
signaled that she had aboard eight sur
vivors of the British steamship Londonian
of Hull, which foundered at sea. The Brit
ish steamship Vedamore rescued forty-five
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
of. identifying nic prisoner. She denied
that she had built her story upon what
she had read in the papers regarding the
purchase of candy at Stockton by a
woman in black. She fixed the date ac
curately because a girl from the store
who was on her vacation passeu the store
and spoke to her. She returned to work
the next day. She said she had not been
drilled and that no one had told her to
stick to her story.
The opposing attorneys clashed again,
owing to what Mr. Hosmer thought was
harsh language on the part of Mr.
Knight.
"You think that's oratory, don't you?"
said Mr. Hosmer in an insinuating
manner.
"No, I don't," replied Mr. Knight. "I
think it is good hard sense."
Miss Heney said that from Mrs. Bot
kin's walk, manner and general appear
ance she thought she was the woman who
bought the candy.
To Judge Cook: "I can't say positively
she is the woman, but in my own mind I
believe she is the lady."
Mi.^s Kittie May Dittner succeeded Miss
Heney on the stand. She corroborated
the latter's story of the sale of the box
of candy. She noticed the purchaser, who
was short and rather stout. She n±sem
blcd in size, looks, action and movements
Mrs. Botkin. There was some doubt in.
her mind regarding the identity of the
woman, as she did not see her face.
Mr. Hosmer charged Mr. Knight with,
trying to mislead the witness in . some
matters by his mode of questioning her.
Shortly after Mr. Knight asked another
question and said to Chief Lees: "Don't
bob your head, Chief, to the witness; she
will bob her head." To Miss Dittner ho
said: "Don't notice him. He may bob
wrong some time."
The witness concluded her testimony
by saying that Mrs. Botkin resembles In
body and carriage the woman who bought
the "candy. She had no recollection of her
face, never having seen it. The case will
go on this morning at 10 o'clock.
of the crew, which she landed here last
week. She lost the wreck on the night g
of November 27 with eight men stiil on
board. It now appears that they were
rescued by the Rickmers next day.
SPANISH SHIPPING
WILL NOT BE FAVORED
Wishes of the Madrid Comissioners
Ignored in the Treaty of
Peace.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.— Spanish ship
i ping is not to enjoy preferential treatment
| in the Cuban and Porto Rican trade un-
I der tHe terms of the peace treaty. Some
| thing of that nature may be brought
about in negotiations that must follow be
tween the United States and Spain as
part of the project for the restoration of
commercial relations, but so far it has not
been provided for. although the Spanish
Commissioners made a special request
that the privileges should be accorded.
The text of the treaty has not yet been
received at the State Department, 'ihe
document is so 'ong that the expense of
cabling it texturUly would be very great
and would not be warranted, in view of
the fact that the Government already
possesses a sufficiently accurate outline of
the articles. The American Commission
ers are expected to sail Saturday, which
will bring- them home by Christmas. They
will bring the treaty with them, and it is
believed the document will not be pub
lished before it is delivered to the De
partment of State, notwithstanding the
Madrid intimation that it is to be printed
as a red book.
Solano's School Fund.
SUISUN, Dec. 14.— From the payment
of the first installment of taxes in So
lano County the funds set aside for the
schools amounted to about $25,000. which
was apportioned in the usual manner.2
DEBATE ON
PENSIONS AND
CANAL BILL
Interesting Subjects
in the Senate.
CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY
MONEY SEEKS DELAY IN OB.DEB,
TO ABROGATE IT.
Bacon Gives Notice of an Amendment
to Secure a Title in Perpetuity
From the Government of
Nicaragua.
ewclal Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.— The Sen
ate proceedings opened to-day with a
protest upon the part of Galllnger,
chairman of the Committee on Pen
sions, against the practice of Senators
in Introducing pension bills In cases
pending in the Pension Office. He said
the committeee >vould not consider such
bills, and that it was useless to present
them.
The Senate then took up the bill to
amend the law relating to the registry
of foreign-built vessels wrecked on
American shores, and Caffery Bpoke
against the measure.
Vest again called attention to private
pension bills and entered a protest against
their passage without due consideration,
as he said the Senate was falling into the
habit of doing. He called attention to the
fat t that notwithstanding Illinois had fur
nished C5.0U0 more soldiers than Indiana
the pension roll for Indiana exceeded that
of Illinois by $1,5u0.000. He accounted for
this fact on the ground that Indiana is a
pivotal State politically, Haying that it
was notorious that the Commissioner of
Pensions, who was an ex-Union soldier,
had granted pensions to almost every ap
plicant in political districts which were
close. He did not contend that the Re
publican party was alone to blame, but
knew that men of all parties were in
clined to uso the machinery of the Pen
sion Office to further their political In
terests. He had indorsed Mr. Cleveland's
veto of pension bills, and while he did not
want to revive the old questions he would
express the opinion that the Government
in this matter had fallen into a most un
just and Iniquitous expenditure by its ill
advised legislation.
Gallinger suggested that Vest, instead
of .scolding the Senate on private bills,
Bhould propose amendments to the pen
sion laws which would correct the abuses
he complained of. Continuing, Gallinger
paid the committee had been considering
the advisability of publishing the list of
pensioners. Yet there were objections to
the plan, and he feared that if underta
ken its only effect would be to take two
or throe million dollars out of the treas
ury to no good purpose.
The bill providing regulations for the
registration of foreign-built vessels
wrecked on the American coast and re
paired in the United States was taken up
at the instance of Elkins, and Caffery
addressed the Senate in opposition to it,
living that under its provisions vessels
would be wrecked in order to secure
American registry. He attacked the nav
igation and tariff laws of the United
Btates, Baying they had practically driven
our merchant marine from the seas. He
contended that the bill was prohibitive In
Its terms, intended to remove the last
vestige of competition in the matter of
Shipbuilding. There was no necessity for
this under the present conditions. "We
may hold the Philippines, Cuba and Porto
Rico," he Bald, "'but If we adopt the con
tractive policy of this measure, our bal
loon will soon collapse and our expansion
policy come to an end."
At the close of Caffery's remarks the
registry bill went over until to-morrow
and the Nicaragua canal bill was taken
up, the pending question being Turple's
motion to postpone until January 1.
Harris of Kansas then spoke on the
general features of the bill. He said that
as a boy he was attached to a surveying
party in the isthmus in 1559 and ever since
that time he had been the zealous advo
vate of the general proposition that a
canal should be built across the isthmus.
Still ho did not consider it practicable for
a private corporation to construct the
canal, and ho urged government owner
ship, but the Maritime Canal Company's
charter supplied the only open door, and
the committee in charge of the bill had
dotermined to enter it, with the under
standing that the company was to be got
ten rid of. Harris said he considered the
Panama canal as entirely impracticable.
He supported Berry's amendment, reliev
ing the bill of its bond provisions, saying
It would greatly improve the measure.
The Clayton-Bulwer treaty formed the
basis of a brief speech by Money. He
advocated delay in order to afford oppor
tunity for negotiation looking to the abro
gation of the treaty. Money said we
Hhould at least notify Groat Britain that
we desire modification of the treaty as a
first step. In this connection Money re
ferred to the entente cordla!f> existing be
tween this country and England, saying
that he wanted to see the two nations
brought even closer together than now
Hence the Importance and propriety of
dealing fairly and courteously with Great
Britain in this matter.
Bacon gave notice of an amendment
providing that work should not bogin on
the canal until the Government of Nicar
agua should consent to a modification of
the treaty granting title to the United
States in perpetuity to the canal right of
way. and also eliminating articles 53 and
54 of the concession from that document
Stewart advocated the bill a.s a most Im
portant step In thn commerce of the
world, and urged Senators to accept It
as it stands.
Replying to Monoy, Morgan said he had
never claimed that the Clayton-Bulwor
treaty >as not in full force, "denying the
assertion Imputed to him that the treaty
had vanished Into thin air. He had been
of the opinion that the treaty was abro
gated by the acts of Great "Britain and
■would still hold that opinion but for Pres
ident Cleveland's recognition of the
treaty, a recognition which had given it
a vitality that it did not previously pos
poss. H#» opposed Moneys proposition for
Artistic
Bohemian China
Dark Olive Green ground,
with effective flower decora-
tions. Specimens in
Salads, Sugars, Tea Pots,
Cream Sets, Loving Cups,
Tea Plates, and every-
thing attractive
Reasonable prices
Great America n Import* gTea Co.
861 Market, tj.Piwell 705 Lnrkln St.
140 Sixth St. 141 Polk St.
Ihlrd*t, }BiebevlsaderoS».
«06 I corny St. 2008 Fillmoro St.
J4« Ninth St. 521 Montgomery Ay.
2510 Mission St. 1100 Kentucky St.
8006 Sixteenth St. 3265 Mission St.
835 Hayes St. 52 Market St. .
OAKLAND STORES:
ipSaWaehington&t. 181 San Pablo At©.
•17 Broadway. 616 E Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St.
ALAMEDA-1855 Park St.
B AW l< APAEI.— B St.. near Fourth,
Writ, for Catalo&uo.
ANTONIO F. TERRY'S
CAREER IS CLOSED
Death of the Millionaire Cuban Planter,
Whose Second Wife Was Sybil
Sanderson.
PARIS, Dec. 14. — Antonio F. Terry, formerly of New York, died
here to-day of liver complaint. He was twice married, his sec-
X ond wife being- Sybil Sanderson, the opera singer.
Antonio F. Terry was one of the sons of Senor Tomaso Terry,
who left a fortune at his death in 1886 estimated to amount from
$50,000,000 to $60,000,000 to be divided among his six children. Antonio
came into possession of a large sum of money in Spanish gold, a
augar plantation in Cuba and a residuary interest in the estate. His
first wife was Miss Grace Dalton Secar, to whom he waa married in
New York during the year 1576, when he was 20 years of age. Mr.
Terry went abroad in ISB7, made h.is home in Paris and spent much of
his time traveling. After about ten years of married life Mrs. Terry
brought suit for divorce against her husband. He met it with a coun
ter-suit, and their troubles were still In the courts when Mrs. Terry
died in 1897. The same year Mr. Terry married Miss Sanderson, who
is a daughter of Judge Sanderson of California. Mr. Terry was born
in Cuba.
opening up the subject with Great
Britain.
At the conclusion of Morgan's remarks
an agreement was reached to vote on
Turple's postponement motion to-morrow,
after which the Senate went into execu
tive session. At 5:25 p. m. the Senate ad
journed.
REED'S SARCASTIC
DEFENSE OF HOUSE RULES
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.— The House to
day, for the second time during this Con
gress, refused to consider the Lodge im
migration bill. At the last session an at
tempt was mado to taite it from the
Speaker's table, but it was defeated by
a large majority. Danforth of Ohio,
chairman of the Immigration Committee,
thought the bill would be stronger after
the elections were over, but to-day when
he tried again to secure consideration the
House declined, 100 to 103, to take it up.
An interesting but brief debate on the
rules was precipitated during the session
by Grow of Pennsylvania, during which
DeArmond made a spech on the deca
dence of the privilege of debate in the
House and held Speaker Reed responsible
for the fact that the House had h.ad no
opportunity to adopt a new system of
rules at this session. Tho Speaker re
plied with a sarcastic speech, in which he
referred to the complaints of John Ran
dolph in the early days of the century to
show that the syne remonstrances were
made then that #ere being heard to-day.
FIFTY THOUSAND MEN
FOR THE CUBAN ARMY
Adjutant General Corbin Believes
Tliat Number Necessary to
Maintain Order.
WASHING! ON, Dec. 14.— Adjutant
General Corbin appeared to-day before
the House Committee on Military Af
fairs. His statements attracted unus
ual Interest because of their direct
reference to conditions in Cuba, Porto
Rico and the Philippines and the mili-
tary requirements on which the War
Department was acting. As to the
need of an increased army, he said
that was a most serious proposition.
He proceeded:
"The Cuban evacuation commission,
consisting of Generals Wade and But
ler and Admiral Sampson, has sub
mitted a statement that in order to
preserve order and restore order in
Cuba, it will require the presence of
an army of 50,000 men."
General Corbin said he would send
this recommendation to the committee,
but later it was arranged that it should
be submitted without confidential res
ervations. It was on this recommenda
tion, said General Corbin, that the ulan
of sending troops to Cuba was based.
It might be found that the 50.000 men
would not be requisite.
"But we are holding 50,000 men in
readiness to go If required," said the
general.
"As to the Philippines," he went on,
"General Otis, in command there, had
recommended that 25,000 men were re
quired there. In Porto Kico the of
ficers in command say the force now on
hand .3 adequate for the requirements.
The present force there is 6100. That
made 100,000 men— so,ooo for Cuba, 25,
000 for the Philippines, and about 6000
for Porto Rico, leaving us, with an
army of 100,000, about 18,000 for re
serves at home. If we had had such an
army last June there would have been
no such loss of life as occurred."
Owing to importunities of Congress
men for the release or volunteers the
press was requested to give General
Corbin's statement on that point. He
scld:
"The Department is disposed to deal
very leniently as to letting off men who
are needed at home. In some cases
colonels have been instructed to re
duce companies to eighty, so as to let
' off men who were urgently needed at
: home. And even below eighty we are
• making discharges on satisfactory
statements that the presence of men
are needed at home."
The Senate Committee on Ap
; propriations continued its hear
ings on the army deficiency bill
to-day. General Miles being before the
committee for more than an hour. The
pending proposition is an amendment,
supported by several members, provid
1 ing for the immediate mustering out of
50,000 volunteers. It is understood
> Secretary Aiger and Assistant Secre
tary Meiklejohn opposed such a pro
vision and Adjutant General Corbin
said that, in view of the recommenda
tion of the Cuban Military Commission,
it would be advisable.
General Miles said to-day that he
thought 25,000 men would be enough
; for Cuba. He said the island must, in
time, and at an early date, be policed
i by natives, which should be recruited
i into the army under American officers.
; Americans could not stand the climate
| unless they were immunes. He
thought the standing army should be
I increased to 75,000 men, and said at
| least some of the volunteers should be
I continued in service until the Increase
. was made.
SAN FRANCISCAN LOSES
HIS LIFE NEA.i GOSHEN
John G. Hunker Believed to Have
Fallen From the tlatfonn
of a Railway Coach.
GOBHEN, Dec. 14.— The body of a man
was found beside the Southern Pacific
track about two miles above Goshen
to-day. The left hand ana left foot were
cut off and part of the skull lay tnirty
teof- fmm the track. The man's name
was Hunker, and he had a piece of paper
in his pocket marked: "I have a sister
living at 1916 California street, San Fran
cisco. My name is John G. Hunker." It
1b supposed that he fell off the platform of
train 17.
Gambler Slain by a Woman.
BUTTE, Mont., Dec. 14.— At an early
hour this morningr Jake Barnett, a gam
bler, was shot and almost instantly killed
by Nettle Wilson, a fallen woman, at her
abode on Mercury street. They had quar
reled, and the woman claims the killing
occurred during a struggle for the pos
session of the pistol.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tnblets. All
druggists refund the money if It falls to cure.
25c. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1898.
ASPIRANTS FOR
SAMOA'S THRONE
Mataafa and Tano Will
Contest.
TAMASESE HAS WITHDRAWN
! HE RETIRES IN FAVOB OF THE
LATE KING'S SON.
British and German Bluejackets
Landed to Show the Contend
ing Natives That Peace
Must Prevail.
Correspondence of The CalL
APIA, Samoa, Nov. 30. — Mataafa's
followers have notified the Chief Jus
j tice that they met «n November 12 and
elected Mataafa King. Last night the
opposition met, and Tamasese, who
had previously been named as their
choice for the vacant throne, withdrew
in favor of Tano, son of the late King.
i All the factions opposed to Mataafa
I will unite on Tano and will present his
name to the Chief Justice, who gave
| the natives twenty-one days from No
vember 25 in which to chose a Ring
tailing which he would nominate one.
Mataafa has been proclaimed King of
Atua and Aana. On November 28 Ma
taafa's adherents came to the Chief
Justice and said if there was no ob
jection they were going to proclaim
him King. The Chief Justice read them,
the treaty and said there was no ob
jection to their doing so.
Considerable excitement was created
here on November 10 by the landing of
a party of bluejackets from the Brit
ish and German warships. While no
serious trouble is anticipated at pres
ent, the representatives of the powers
thought it wise to make a demonstra
tion, owing to the number of natives
who have congregrated at Mullnuu, so
as to show that the powers had deter
mined to protect the white residents.
The party landed at Matautu and
marched through the town, headed by
the German band from the Buzzard
with the drum and fife corps from H.
M. S. Porpoise. After making the dis
play both parties returned to their re
spective ships.
Mataafa's followers are known to
have a large number of rifles secreted.
On November 28 a native arrived from
Pango-Panpro and said that two United
States war vessels were there. The
consuls have no intimation of any
war vessels having been ordered to
Apia. The v .zzard left on November
18 for Germany, via Sydney, and goes
off the station. The Ringdove has also
gone to Sydney. The German warship
Falke and the British warship Por
poise have received orders to remain in
Apia and await developments.
AMERICANBARKENTiNE
JOHN BAISLEY LOST
Strikes a Beef on the Asiatic Coast,
the Crsw Being Picked Tip
Foui Days Later.
VANCOUVER. Dec. l4. —The steamer Em
press of India arrived this morning from
Hongkong: and Yokohama. She brings
news thai the crew of the wrecked Amer
ican barkentine John Baisley arrived at
Singapore safely on the Italian steamer
Bormida. The Baisley struck a typhoon,
which carried the vessel on the Pratas
reef, midway between Hongkong and Ma
nila. The crew abandoned the barkentine
so hurriedly that they took nothing with'
them. They had neither food nor water
for four days until picked up by the Ital
ian steamer. Captain Wall commanded
the Baisley.
BELEW MAY APPEAL.
Not Content That His Brother's Heirs
Shall Profit by His Crime.
SUISUN, Dec. 14.-Thomas Belew,
brother of Frank Belew, the murderer
who was executed in Folsom last June
for the poisoning of his brother and sister, '
came down from Dixon yesterday to con- ■
suit with his attorneys in regard to ap- !
pealing to the Supreme Court against the !
decision handed down by Superior Judge |
Buckles lost week, ordering the heirs of
Franklin Belew to receive their share of !
the estates of Louis and Susie Belew, de- j
ceased. The point of law involved is i
whether a person can accumulate prop
erty by his own crime. The case attracts !
unusual attention, as it is the first of the j
kind in California. Thomas Belew's at- !
torneys are undecided in regard to ap- I
pealing.
FIGHTING RECIPROCITY
Californians Still Working Against the
Treaty With Greece.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.— Although President Mc-
Kinley has given tacit consent to the wishes of Californians
that the proposed reciprocity treaty with Greece will not be
pressed to a conclusion, the California delegation is spar-
ing no effort in behalf of the fruit growers. Five hundred
copies of the San Francisco Call, protesting against the pro-
posed treaty, were distributed among Senators and Repre-
sentatives to-day.
WISE TELLS
OF MOORE'S
QUEER WORK
Ex-Collector's Task at
Washington.
SEEKS A FAIR INVESTIGATION
AND EXPOSES THE CONDUCT OF
THE TREASURY AGENT.
Information Laid Before Assistant
Secretary Howell Confirms The
Call's Expose of the Ma
jor's Transactions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Dec. 14.
Ex-Collector of Customs Wise ar
rived in Washington early this morn
ing. His appearance has been awaited
with considerable interest, for it was
reported that he was coming to Wash
ington to file charges against Treasury
Inspector Horace A. Moore of San
Francisco. Mr. Wise has not yet filed
formal charges in writing, but he was
at the Treasury Department bright and
early to-day and had a very interest-
Ing conversation with the treasury of
ficials.
Assistant Secretary Spalding, who
had supervision of Customs Depart
ment matters when Mr. Wise was Col
lector at San Francisco, was first seen,
and it may be said incidentally that he,
as well as Secretary Gage, holds Wise
in highest esteem. Mr. Wise told
Spalding what he knew about Moore,
whereupon Spalding said: "You go and
tell Assistant Secretary Howell what
you have said to me. I am sure he
will be interested, for he has already
heard more or less about this officer. '
So Mr. Wise then interviewed Mr.
Howell, and said to him: "I used to
know you when you were with Mr.
Spalding in clerical capacity before
you were promoted to be assistant sec
retary. I liked you from the start, and
if you will order an investigation into
Moore's character you will not only
perform a valuable service for your
department, but will make me your
debtor in everlasting friendship."
Howell produced from his flies a copy
of the San Francisco Call of Monday,
December 6, charging Major Moore
with base conduct toward lady type
writers, and asked Wise whether he
knew anything about it. Mr. Wise, in
reply, not only corroborated The Call's
story, but told Howell other things
about Moore which The Call had
deemed improper for publication.
Wise said that when he was Collector
he had written Secretary Gage a letter
about Moore, saying in effect that he
"ought to have been a squawman on
some reesrvation, where he could exer
cise his peculiar genius without re
straint." In this letter, which occupied
twelve or fifteen type-written pages, he
also said that Moore had not been faith
ful to his trust; that when Hager was
Collector at San Francisco under Cleve
land's first administration Moore should
have investigated the conduct of Fo
garty, against whom charges were
made, but he did not do so because the
two were companions and played games
of whist together. ■
A search was then made for this let
ter, but it could not be found on, file,
whereupon Mr. Wise remarked that the
Secretary of the Treasury had evi
dently concluded that it was of such a
nature that it might as well be de
stroyed as preserved in the archives of
the department. But Wise assured
Howell that he had written to San
Francisco asking that a copy of it be
forwarded to him at Washington.
Mr. Wise was very much disappointed
to find that Secretary Gage was absent
from the city and would not bo back
until next week. He has not yet de
cided whether to await his return and
receipt of the letter from San Fran
cisco alluded to above, but it is likely
he will do so. He is quite anxious that
Moore's character be inquired into and
appropriate action taken when the re
port is made, but he believes that in
stead of intrusting this work to Treas
ury Department agents Collector Jack
son should be asked to report to the
department. Mr. Wise feels sure that
this will be done. He does not wish to
file any formal written charges against
Moore unless he is assured that investi
gation will be made by a thoroughly
impartial party, such as Collector Jack
eon, for he feels sure that the Col
lector's report will substantiate his
charges.
It may be, however, that Me. Wise
will file formal charges before he leaves,
whether or not he Is assured of the
manner in which the investigation will
be conducted. At any rate an Inquiry
will be instituted.
Mr. Wise says there have been sev
eral instances wherein Moore has been
guilty of improper advances to lady
employes of the custom office. He says
that he heard of three cases, and that
two of these ladies admitted to him
that Moore had made improper pro
posals to them. One of them shed
tears when she was questioned. He has
only a vague recollection of the type
writer mentioned in The Call of De
cember 5, but thinks she may have
been the one employed in the District
Attorney's office after Schlesinger's va
cation of that office. He remembers
that the lady typewriter employed by
Schlesinger's successor made similar
charges against Moore. Wise says,
furthermore, that it was well under
stood in San Francisco that Moore was
assoc'atlng with a Mrs. Elliott while
"Foss" was serving in the penitentiary.
He says that when he was Collector he
received anonymous letters concerning
Dick Williams.' He knew by the hand
writing they were written by Wong
Sam, but did not heed communications
written anonymously, but that Moore,
"who also received such communications
from Wong Sam, entered into an agree
BRYAN AND HIS ISMS
HAD GRANTS SUPPORT
San Diego Candidate for the Senatorship
Was a Leading Silver Republican
Two Years Ago.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 14.— 1n 1896, when there existed considerable
doubt as to whether the electoral vote of California would be cast
for William McKinley and a sound financial policy, there was one
man in Southern California who came voluntarily to the front and
gave several persons to understand that he was a supporter of Wil
liam J. Bryan and the principle of the free coinage of silver. That
man was U. S. Grant of San Diego.
In October, 1596, there existed (and there exists to-day) an or
ganization known as the Silver Republican Club. The officers of this
club were energetic and enthusiastic men. Nathan Cole Jr. was
president and with his confreres he was really the bone find sinew of
the fight made in this part of the State for Bryan and free silver.
One of the prominent Republicans whom the Silver Republicans
in this part of the State were always referring to as evidence of the
fact that Bryan was being supported by men of prominence who
formerly had been affiliated with the Republican party was U. S.
Grant of San Diego. The story was generally circulated throughout
this part of the State and Mr. Grant never made any effort to deny
it. In fact, it was understood that he had made a very liberal con
tribution to the Bryan campaign fund.
In those days the Silver Republicans worked on the theory that
if by chance it should so happen that they might hold the balance of
power in the Legislature of 1897 they would insist on sending U. S.
Grant to the United States Senate as the successor of George C.
Perkins. But It happened that the Silver Republicans were without
influence in the Legislature of 1897, and so Mr. Grant and his Sen
atorial aspirations were compelled to wait.
Now he appears as a straight, sound money Republican, asking
Senatorial honors. The result is there is a very strong protest
made against Mr. Grant and his ambition to be Senator by some
of the local Silver Republicans, who claim. that he stated he was with
them two years ago and who now goes back on his former friends.
ment with this Chinaman whereby ha
was to escape punishment for his own
crimes in consideration of his testimony
in the case against Williams. The Dis
trict Attorney was a party to this
agreement, "for he told me so him
self," said Mr. Wise.
"When a raid was made on Chinese
from the Omaha Exposition, Moore in
formed Wong Sam that such a raid
was to be made. He then went to Los
Angeles and only returned when all
had escaped. In the case of the Chi
nese woman, Fong Suey Won, Moore
and a woman from the Mission were
the parties responsible for her release
on the plea that the 'poor woman'
wanted to get back to China. He made
these representations, although he
knew that she was a procuress and
therefore guilty of felony. He thus
secured her release before the Chinese
Bureau knew the facts. Collector Jack
son has exonerated Meredith. The
Treasury Department understands the
case. Meredith's conduct was all right
according to Colonel Jackson.
"Moore's dislike of me dates from the
time when three Treasury Department
agents held their usual investigation
of the customs department affairs.
Moore was one of the three, the others
being ex-Governor West of Utah and
Inspector Dullom. Moore had given
Governor West a list of questions to
ask me. I knew this and in the pres
ence of all three pointed my finger at
Moore and said: 'There Is a man about
whom I have written a letter concern
ing improper advances toward ladies.'
This statement of mine should have
been included in the testimony taken
by these three inspectors, but I after
ward ascertained that Moore had
caused to be stricken out of the report
my reference to him in connection with
women. Nor oan you find it to-day in
this report filed at the Treasury De
partment.
"Moore proposed to Greenwall in the
penitentiary that he would secure his
release if he would offer testimony
against others. The very day I left the
Cuatom-ho-use he discharged Mrs.
Houston, a relative of Senator Simp
son of Los Angeles, who placed Per
kins in nomination for Senator at Sac
ramento, on the plea that as I had em
ployed her as a typewriter she was
friendly to me and her retention by the
new regime might be detrimental to- the
service. Collector Jackson acted on
his suggestion and she was discharged,
but Mr. Jackson afterward regretted
that he had acted so hastily and at the
instigation of this man."
Mr. Wise related many other stories
about Moore, showing him to be thor
oughly small, mean and contemptible,
but these stories, while showing the
small caliber of Moore about his finan
cial and social doings, are too mean
and trivial for publication.
FITZHUGH LEE IS
WELCOMED IN HAVANA
Everywhere the Ex-Consul General
Beceives a Great Ova
tion.
HAVANA, Dec. 14.— General Lee's pres
ence has provocated numerous demonstra
tions, though he has tried to avoid them.
He ate lunch to-day at the Hotel Trocha
with Generals Wade, Greene and Clous,
and leaving there this afternoon he passed
with his escort through Carro, a suburb
of Havana, where the ladies waved
American flags and threw flowers. The
crowds along his route cheered enthusi
astically. At Marlanao his reception was
equally enthusiastic.
La Lucha announces that General Lee
proposes to treat Cubans, Spaniards and
all other nationalities with equal justice.
This has produced a great reaction among
Spanish residents favorable to General
Lee, the hope being everywhere expressed
that he will act up to La Lucha' s asser
tions.
VOLUNTEERS TO SETTLE
IN THE PHILIPPINES
Astor Battery Inaugurates a Move
ment for the Development of
the Islands.
MANILA, Dec. 14.— At an enthusiastic
meeting of the Astor Battery at its quar
ters to-day preliminary steps were taken
to establish the Philippine Development
Association of American Volunteers for
the purpose of promoting the development
of the islands, when the volunteers are
discharged from the service. While will
! ing to bear arms as long as required,
many of the volunteers are desirous of re
maining here to engage in various enter
prises. Some of them are determined to
settle down in the islands even if they
are compelled to return to the United
States in order, to get their discharges.
The association proposes, however, to
communicate with the United States au
thorities in order to obtain the discharge
of all volunteers who are desirous of set
tling down here, and will urge that the
men be granted a traveling allowance in
lieu of transportation when their time
has expired. Meantime the association
Intends to procure information regarding
the resources of the islands. Its mem
bership is confined to enlisted men of
good character.
The Astor Battery has been ordered to
deliver up its equipment to the Quarter
master, preparatory to embarking in a
homeward-bound transport.
Murderer Chavez Reprieved.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, Dec. 14.—
Warden Halo received a telegram from
Governor Budd to-day stating that he had
reprieved Manuel Chavez, who was to be
hanged next Friday for the murder of a
Spaniard near San Diego, until April 15
or next year. Chavez was removed from
the condemned cell and taken back to
"murderers' row." His joy at learning of
the reprieve was unbounded.
BERESFORD URGES
ENGLAND TO ACT
Criticizes the British
Government.
RUSSIAN DIPLOMACY EXCELS
WINNING AT EVERY POINT IN
THE ORIENT.
At Port Arthur the Traveler Found
Tremendous Preparations Ba
ing Made, as If for
Battle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, Dec. 14.— The Em
press of India brings the following from
Hongkong::
At a recent banquet at Shanghai
Lord Beresford said:
"Wherever I have met Britishers they
say they dare not make extensive in
vestments; there Is no security for the
future."
Lord Beresford said he would do all
he could to convince the British that
the policy of "drift" in China must
cease. The speaker then referred to the
Russians and said he went all through
Manchuria and everywhere were armed
Cossacks.
"Why were they there? There was
no reason In a peaceful time for such a
state of affairs. Things look very
black for trade in the near future.
"At Port Arthur when I arrived tre
mendous preparations were being made
as if for battle. I asked an officer why
these preparations were made. He
answered it was necessary to procure
food. He took up the trade of Port
Arthur and found that in the last
three years three vessels came there
and their cargo was— seaweed.
"If the Konshing case had happened
In America, it would have been settled
long ago. When Igo home I will urge
a settlement. Great Britain has not a
single sod In .China which belongs to
her sphere of Influence. When it comes
to diplomacy Russia always wins."
NEW MEXICAN SHERIFF
KILLED DURING A RIOT
Politics and the Race Issue Lead to
a Fatal Shooting Affray
at Taos.
SANTA FE. N. Mex., Dec. 14.— Word
reached here to-day of a riot at Taos
night before last, during which Alfred
Gifford shot and killed Luciano Trujlllo,
Sheriff of Taos County. Details are
meager. It is asserted that politics and
the race issue were at the bottom of the
difficulty.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i Women Need Not Suffer. I
88 ?T Uliivil JnvvU iwl kJlliivlt »
88 ■ • ' 88
I Here Is Relief From Pain, From Weak- I
I ; ness and Drugs. -|
28 : .. ■ -- ; ." :i4 'iBB
2« 1 -~ <W^*N Women who have been doctoring
zr v^jj^llijggS^S^ for years without any permanent *
g Sfulf/flW^^^^BK. \ benefit will appreciate ray Elec- £
/^^«S®«iS^£^^ \ trie Belt. It restores nerve and * J
*5 fi^oSf&p^ ~^&m vital P° wer without drugging the *'
85 V'^l^^^fe-^^^ra V stomach. It fills the weak system 88
88 J'^W^^^^^ >^M \ with warmth, causing the blood 88
88 Ah ' £&=%!s¥* ■ •*w m t0 circulate and the whole body to 88
iS $% "^Sm-'V^ f¥ 11 grow in strength - **
a mWmF B'-ll Feels Like a Different Woman I
88 mLf*^ \ TlPi^i*^' ' A\ "When I got your Belt I was con- 88
25 'y. \\ IV> "^X P^s< \> fined to my bed from pains In my o*
o, s V" \'\ 1 St I back and female troubles. I had !£
% V * Nj^i taken a great deal of medicine, but 88
88 ■"■; \I/-V \ ' vS* It didn't help me. As soon as 185
88 -,':\-\ I \\ applied your Belt I got stronger, 09
88 /^Vv V '■ \v| > and now x feel ] ike a different !:
o» ' V *AV\ ' "Si ' " 1 \*V woman. It surpasses anything I* 5
•° .;".. -/y ; :d& XLe- /r/ r> ** ever tried." P. M. NEHBEL. 88
88 / a\ V-B* /" MR S. P. M. NEHBEL. 88
88 $ '^ #J?ys%&£Jl ' 1206 Trenton St., Los Angeles, Cal. g;
88 ; ; - Vj *" \it^ ** v "MAHIEN,WIPB AND MOTHER." 88
88 • ;3K «*P"i ♦ Read my book for women. It tells 88
88 how wonderfully my Belt acts, hoar it vitalizes the blood and nerves. It jj
is free. : Call and ■ see it. Consultation free. 55
g DR. A. X. sanden,*- — - '  ,: * . - " . — * «
» 703 Market Street, Corner Seamy, Ban rraadsoo. NOT IN DRUG STORES. p* 3
, Office hours, Ba,m.to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10 - — = 1 . ~
88 to 1. Branches at Los AnsreTes. Cal . 232 West Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt 55
o»- Second street; Portland, Or., 253 Washington ' la never sold In drug stores
* 3 street: Denver, Colo., 831 , Sixteenth street; nor by traveling agents; only *3
88 Dallas, Tei.! 285 Main street; Butte, Mont.. at our office. M S3
o« ' 110 North Main street. if. r— ' ~~* g.
!i 82 88 82 82 82 82 82 »i 88 8 83 82 88 88* 88 88 88 88 88 %♦.82 82 82 53 83 82 83 82 83 88 82 82 83 8S
HARRISON AND
ALTGELD ARE
NOW AT OUTS
Side Issues in the
Chicago Scandal.
BRIBERY CHARGES RENEWED
YKRKES AND THE EX-GOVERN
OR MAKE STATEMENTS.
Meanwhile the Aldermen Are Pre
paring New Ordinances to Help
Out the Traction Com
panies.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Dec. 14.— The franchise
fight has been dragged into politics
and public attention Is being attracted
from the efforts of the alleged bribers
and boodlers among the street car
magnates and Aldermen to loot the
city to the contest for supremacy in
the -councils of Illinois' Democracy,
now being waged by the followers of
Mayor Harrison and ex-Governor Alt
geld.
In a speech last night Altgeld said
undoubtedly there was much truth in
Yerkes' charge that the so-called
"trust" newspapers had their price. He
had it from good authority that the
amounts demanded for the support of
the fifty-year franchises were as fol
lows: Tribune, $150,000; Record, $100,000;
Times-Herali $10u,000; Post, News and
Journal, $60,000 each. The speech has
created a sensation. All the afternoon,
papers took up the matter and in inter
views Altgeld insisted the statement
was true.
"I know the statement to- be abso
lutely false," said Mayor Harrison, re
ferring to Altgeld's remarks concern
ing the newspapers. "But, assuming
it is true, the traction companies can
not take up the proposition too quickly.
It's dead cheap. If the street car com
panies can secure the support of the
newspapers it is cheap at any price.
They can then get any kind of an or
dinance they want. Except for the as
sistance of the press the opposition to
the Allen bill would be hopeless and the
issue between the city and corporations
would have been settled in favor of the
latter long ago. But I know too- much
of the publishers In this city to enter
tain for a moment the implication con
tained in the rumor repeated by Alt
geld last night. I fought them for a
long time, and I will say I would rather
have them with me than against me.
If the corporations think the news
papers have prices they should hasten
to close a deal."
Joseph Medill, editor of the Tribune,
would not discuss Altgeld's charge, ex
cept to say he was surprised that a
man of Altgeld's ability and standing
would make so seriou* a charge on
mere rumor. Messrs. Kohisaat of the
Times-Herald and Post and Lawson of
the Record and News refused to dis
cusa the matter at all.
In a statement to the press to-night
Yerkes reiterates the charges of black
mail against the publishers of papers,
and says further that those Aldermen
who run all-night dives, policy shops,
poolrooms and gram blingr- rooms — and
there are several in the Council — were
promised protection fur their games If
they voted against the traction ordi
nances.
Mass meetings continue to be held in
opposition to the franchise extension,
but owing to the Altgold- Harrison split
the public is losing interest in the main
question at issue. In the meantime the
Council committees are at work fram
ing new ordinances to be introduced
Monday night, and it would not be sur
prising if as a result of the diversion
furnished by the politicians the trac
tion companies will slip through a
measure giving all they hope for and
probably all originally asked for.
PRESIDENTIAL NOMINATIONS.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.— The President
to-day sent the following nominations to
the Senate:
To be brigade surgeon, with rank of ma
jor, Acting Assistant Surgeon D. T.
Lame, U. S. A.
To be assistant quartermasters, with
rank of captain— First Lieutenant W. L.
Pheliis, Company C, Second Arkansas
Volunteer Infantry; Harold Young of
lowa.
First Regiment of Engineers — First lieu
tenant to be captain, J. B. Livingston:
second lieutenant to be first lieutenant, H.
H. Woodman; corporal to t>e second lieu
tenant, Henry E. Hayward, Company H.
Medical Inspector Joseph G. Ayres of
the navy to be medical director; Surgeon
Franklin Rogers to be medical Inspector.
Murphy's Nomination Confirmed.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14.— The Senate
to-day confirmed the nomination of
Nathan O. Murphy to be Governor of
Arizona.BESSIE BAILEY
DIED FROM A
NATURAL CAUSE
Verdict of Agnews
Board.
A THOROUGH INVESTIGATION
NOTHING MYSTERIOUS ABOUT
HER SUDDEN DEATH.
.Much of the Sensation Traced to the
Examiner's Fad of Faking.
Stocking's Frank
Statement.
Soecial Dispatch to The Call.
AGNEWS. Dec 14.— 'Resolved, that
the board of managers, after due inves
tigation of ;h Btances attend
ing the death of Bessie Bailey, con
cludes that t^he came to her death
from natural causes, entirely uncon
nected with the management of the
Agnews State Hospital."
With the adoption of this resolution
at th» reeular meeting of the Agnews
Asylum trustees ended the supposed
mystery surrounding the death of the
unfortunate young woman named.
The action of the board was taken only
after the case had been thoroughly in
vestigated, and the examination failed
to develop a single doubtful or sus
picious fact. Incidentally it was
shown that the Examiner's copyrighted
and exclusive habit of faking was
Bible for the sensational
[ the affair that it published.
Director White brought the matter to
an issue. ::<. stated that in view of
the reports that had gone out reflecting
on some of the attaches of the institu
te n and on the management of the asy
lum in connection with the death of
Miss Bailey, he thought it but right to
invite everyone who had any knowledge
on the subject before the board.
Director Upham warmly seconded the
• of White, adding that he would
like to have Dr. Stocking, the first aa
:.■ physiccn of the asylum, and Dr.
the superintendent, come be
fore the board and help clear up the al
leged mystery.
Chairman Curnow placed the matter
formally before the meeting in the
Ehape of a motion to investigate the
manner of Miss Bailey's death and to
ascertain who were instrumental In
bringing it about.
Director Gould attempted to throw
cold water on the proposition of so sweep
ing an investigation, and moved an
amendment to the motion so as have
it call for an investigation of the man
ner of death only.
Director White fought this curtail
ment or" the scope of the inquisition,
saying that it had been charged that
Dr. Stocking had been in this girl's
room more than he ought to have been,
while Curnow interjected a remark
about chicken dinners having been j
given to the young woman by Dr.
Stocking. White added that he would
agree to the amendment, if the board
would, immediately after the decth had
been investigated, proceed to investi
gate matters at the asylum supposed to
be connected with the girl's taking off.
Gould would not consent to this, but
his amendment was carried by the
votes of Hale, Upham and himself.
Director Hale called for all the let
ters and telegrams that had passed be
tween the officials and attaches of the
asylum on one side and the officials of
Nevada and the physician who had at
tended Miss Bailey on the train and the
physician who had made the post
mortem examination on the other.
Most of this correspondence has al
ready been published. The most im
portant portion of it, and that which
has not been published, were the letters
that passed between Dr. Sponogle of
the Agnews Hospital and Dr. Hood of
Elko, Nev. In response to a note from
Dr. Sponogle, the Elko physician who
made the autopsy, -wrote as follows:
C. J. Hood,
Physician and Surgeon.
ELKO, Nev. .
Dr. Sponogle — Dear Doctor: As regards
Statements of Examiner, using my name,
I have never made any remarks as to the
cause of death nor any statements re
flecting: on the character of said deceased,
nor have T ever given my opinion of the
cause of death.
Certain drugs were found on her per
pon and one empty paper, which had pre
viously contained a powder evidently
similar to other powders found, contain
ing- a substance resembling acetainled
with a fine powdery substance of a very
bitter taste. What the exact Ingredients
•were I do not know.
Above you may use or not, aa you
think best. Very truly, C. J. HOOD.
This was followed by another note
from Dr. Sponogle as follows:
AGNEWB STATE HOSPITAL,
AGNEWS, Cal., Dec. 5. IS9S.
Dr. Hood, Elko, Nevada— Dear Doctor:
I am requested by the Board of Managers
of this hospital to address you concern
ing the autopsy of Miss Bessie Bailey.
We would like to have a statement from
you regarding the condition of the body
by inspection, al:-b regarding the vital
organs and of the thoracic, abdominal
and pelvic regions, and if you examined
the brain and spinal cord. We would be
pleased to have a full and complete his
tory of the case as you found it, and your
opinion as to the cause of death. As there
has been so much newspaper notoriety
concerning the case we want to obtain
::ue facts. Very respectfully yours,
F. M. SPONOGLE,
Medical Superintendent Agnews State
i [ospitaL
To this came the following reply:
c. j. iiood,
Physician and Surgeon.
ELKO. Nev., Dec. 7, IP9S.
P. M. Sponogle. M. D., Agnews, Cal.—
I>' ar Doctor: As regards the case of Bes-
Llley, deceased, I saw the body after
l.rinc embalmed by local undertaker, and
on November 21 examined contents of
pelvic cavity only.
Following conditions found:
On inspection discoloration of right side
of face, as thoi might have h>en
lying en that Fide of fare for some time
liffor^ deaili. On oprninß abdomen from
umbilicus t<> pubic bone, found absence of
Inflammation of peritoneum Intestinal
tract and scnito-urinary orpans. Above
. xamlnation was all that was asked for
by Coroner and all that was mad?. No
evidence <>f any "criminal" operation and
no cause of death discovered Fratern
ally. C. J. HOOD.
When Dr. Stocking was called upon
to tell what he knew of Ressie Baileys
condition when she left the Institution
hf- statfd that she was PufiV-ring from
a slight cold contracted on the day she
left, caused, presumably, by having
taken a hot bath a few hours before she
started on her fatal trip. He had pro
vided her with some quinine pills and
also with some laxative pills and
sulphonal powders, but no morphine.
He declared that if she had taken at
one time everything he had given her
it would not have caused death or even
hurt her. His opinion, founded on the
information received from Nevada, was
that her death was caused by pulmon
vy congestion or acute pneumonia. It
CANDIDATES FOR THE
INTERIOR SECRETARYSHIP
Land Con)missioner Hermann and Webster Davis
After tr;e Place to Be Vacated by
Bliss.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.— 1t Is the opinion of leading members of the administration still in the city
that the vacancy to be caused by the resignation of Secretary of the Interior Bliss will be filled by
promotion. In this connection the names of Binger Hermann, Commissioner of the General Land Of
fice, and Assistant Secretary of the Interior Webster Davis are being considered. Both of these are personal
friends of the President and have given excellent service to the party.
For geographical reasons it is thought that Mr. Hermann's chances are the better. There la no repre
sentation in the Cabinet from the Pacific Coast, and on account of the vote of Oregon in the recent elections
it Is thought highly probable that the President will confer the office of Secretary of the Interior upon Mr.
Hermann.
Mr. Davis, however, has given very valuable campaign services In many States, for which the President
feels very grateful.
being no uncommon thing for persons
in that high altitude to die from this
complaint within a few hours after
being attacked.
Dr. Christal, the second assistant
physician at the hospital, under whose
charge Miss Bailey had been, stated
that he had provided her on the day of
her departure with an ounce of glyce
rine and borax for her chapped lips and
had also given her some licorice tablets
in an antl-kamnia box. He believed
her death was due to acute pneumonia.
Dr. Sponogle's opinion as to the cause
of death was the same as that of his
two associates.
Dr. Stocking stated that he wanted
the board to satisfy Itself thoroughly
and completely as to his connection
'With the affair, and that he was desir
ous of clearing himself from the insinu
ations and innuendoes that had been
published regarding him. It was
charged, he said, that he had given
Miss Bailey money and chicken din
ners. He had one day given Miss
Bailey 50 cents of her own money with
which to buy herself some fruit. This
was done on her Importuning him for
It. The books would show the trans
action. As to the chicken dinners, he
had ordered chicken served to her but
once, and this was as a promised re
ward for her having performed parti
cularly meritorious service In waiting
on another patient. This chicken was
part of that which was to have been
served at his own table.
Some minor testimony was taken of
attaches as to the bath enjoyed by Miss
Bailey on the day she left; the resolu
tion "already priven was presented by
Director Gould, was adopted by the
unanimous vote of the five members of
the board, and the Bessie Bailey in
cident went into history.
CONFLICT OF HAWAIIAN
AND AMERICAN LAWS
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
HONOLULU, Dec. 7.— Treasury
Agent Brown has declined to permit
several Chinese who arrived by the
steamer City of Peking to land, al
though their re-entry permits are in
correct form so far as tl?° laws of Ha
waii are concerned, but not in accord
ance with the United States laws regu
lating the entry of laborers. The re
sult is an appeal to the Hawaiian Su
preme Court, w r l eh will be heard next
Monday. About 150 more Chinese in
exactly the same predicament are ex
pected by the Gaelic on the 9th. This
conflict of jurisdiction may he far
reaching enough to entail diplomatic
negotiations between the United States
and China. Here are men who left
here under the protection of the Ha
waiian Government, and the good faith
of that Government pledged that they
might return to this country if certain
requirements were complied with. They
return and are met with the statement
that they cannot land because laws of
which they have had no notice and per
taining to a different country have
gone into effect. It would appear to be
only just that the laws of the United
States should not invalidate contracts
made by the Hawaiian Government
prior to the act of absorption. Except
in regard to Chinese immigration the
Department of Customs is still under
the liawaiian law, and the notice that
Mr. Brown was in charge of this
branch of the department was only
given just prior to the sighting the in
coming vessel with these men on board.
Another question that Is being
mooted in regard to this important teat
case is: Has the Hawaiian Supreme
Court any Jurisdiction over United
States Federal matters or a Federal
official, although he may be seated by
consent of the acting government in
the Hawaiian custom-house? That
bureau is not yet under the control of
the United States, and certainly was
not when the permits to return were
granted. Mr. Brown's contention, it is
said, will be that as special apent of
the United States Treasury he is em
powered, without recourse to the Ha
waiian courts, to enforce the provision
of the Newlands resolution wherein it
says: "There shall be no further"im
migration of Chinese into the Hawaiian
Islands, except upon such conditions as
are now or may be hereafter allowed
by the laws of the United States; and
no Chinese, by reason of anything here
in contained, shall be allowed to enter
the United States from the Hawaiian
Islands." These nien are bona-fide
residents of Hawaii, who. %ifter an' ab
sence of twelve months, have returned.
These continual test cases make us all
long for a settled form of government
good, bad or Indifferent
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1898.
BEAUTIFUL WOMAN MURDERED AND HER BODY CREMATED.
HOT SPRINGS, Ark., Dec. 14.— Gradually the mystery surrounding the
disappearance from this city several weeks ago of Mrs. Nellie J.
Home, a beautiful young woman who was visiting the health resort,
and who, the authorities believed, was murdered by young Hardy Sheffield
and robbed of her money, is being cleared up, and Hardy Sheffield is in Jail
charged with murder.
The Sheriff returned to the city to-day from the home of Sheffield's
brother, in Hot Springs County, where it was reported the body of Mrs.
Home had been found. He brought a sack containing grewsome evidence
that a human body had been cremated piece by piece in Sheffield's house.
The sack contained human bones, ashes and other articles recovered from
the fireplace. Experts are at work making a scientific examination of
these ghastly relics, and it is already established that the bones are those
of a human being.
Sheffield's brother, in whose house the crime is supposed to have been
committed, was brought to Hot Springs by Sheriff Williams and placed in
jail, as were also several others who are charged with being accessories to
the crime. Some startling developments are expected.
MAY TAKE CHARGE OF HAVANA BEFORE JANUARY 1.
NEW YORK, Dec. 14.— A Washington special to the Herald says: There
is reason to believe the administration contemplates suggesting to the
Spanish Government that the United States take charge of Havana
before January 1, in order to stop such disgraceful brawls as are constantly
occurring. It is intended by a naval demonstration to show to the world
and the Spaniards and Cubans in Havana the intention of the United States
to preserve order. While no instructions have been given to Rear Admiral
Sampson or Commodore Philip to land marines the senior officer will de
cide in the event of any further riots whether foreign interests demand the
landing of an American force. It is proposed to maintain a strong naval
force in Havana harbor and Cuban waters generally from now on, and it
would not be surprising if additional ships were sent to the island soon.
It is understood the officers of American men-of-war will adopt every pre
caution to prevent any miscreant repeating the Maine catastrophe. The au
thorities have been informed of the raising of all mines in the harbor, but
they believe it will be the part of wisdom to observe the utmost precaution.
MEXICAN BORDER MAY BECOME PARADISE FOR CRIMINALS.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.— Unless the unexpected happens the United
States and Mexico will be without an extradition treaty on the 13th
of next month. The situation promises to be one of gravity and
the Mexican border is likely to be a paradise for fugitives from justice and
criminals of every description until a new treaty can be agreed upon. Mex
ico denounces the existing treaty because our Government refused to de
liver up on extradition proceedings certain Mexicans who had escaped
across the line and were accused by their own Government of various of
fenses of a criminal character, but who, it is asserted, were really wanted
for political reasons. The case of Guerra, who was involved in one of the
periodical raids across the border of New Mexico, organized by the leader
Garza, caused the break.
Mr. Clayton, United States Minister to Mexico, is endeavoring to make
a new treaty, but with the serious difference in principle between the two
governments as to whether a case like Garza's is political or revolutionary
or the act of a brigand, his task will be difficult.
ONE MILLION SPENT IN FEEDING THE CUBANS.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.-Since the cessation of hostilities this Gov
ernment has spent about $1,000,000 in feeding the starving Cuban*
and the work is still going on with untiring vigor. The Comal about
which there was a dispute over permitting the entry of supplies which It
carried, took 1,200,000 rations to the province of Havana. T\e Batten JZ
Port Victor carried 1,000,000 rations each to the starving Cubans and the
Comal is now at Savannah with 1.200.000 rations, and will be ready to sail n
a day or two. It is estimated that these rations cost in round nimThV
$1,000,000 Besides this, about 5.000.000 were left at Santiago after the cam
paign before that city, but have been used by the American troops aZ
distributed among the Cubans. The distribution of rations is now \Zt
on wherever American forces are found in Cuba, as there is a standing order
issued by the Secretary of War to dole out the rations to the Cubans whfn
ever application is made for them. wnen-
RED CROSS NURSE SHOOTS AND KILLS HIS BROTHER.
NEW lORK, Dec. 14.-John D. Hayes, who served as a Red Cross
nurse with the Second United States Infantry under General Shatter
at Santiago, last night shot and killed his brother, Edward Hayes oro
prletor of a hotel at Bleecker and McDowell streets. Apparently no one wit"
nessed the shooting. According to the story told by John Hayes his
brother accused him of appropriating some of the hotel funds for his own
use. They had several quarrels over this, and, according to the murderer
who is under arrest, Edward attacked him with a club and icepick After
having his cheek laid open John Hayes drew a revolver and shot his 'brother
through the head. The wounded man fell without a sound and was dead
In a moment, the blood pouring from a hole in his left temple and drenching
the murderer. ■ B
BELGIAN TRADERS KILLED , EATEN BY NATIVES.
BRUSSELS, Dec. 14.— Advices received here from the Governor of the
py Upper Congo confirm ; the news brought by the steamer Leopoldville
*rf~ from Africa, which arrived at Antwerp yesterday, that 1 Belgian traders
had been killed and eaten by the natives of Upper Übanghi. The Governor
adds that the traders' escort of thirty soldiers were also massacred, and an
other detachment of forty soldiers, in charge of white officers, who were pro
ceeding to the assistance of the traders, were surprised -by the ■ natives ' and
ail were Rut to &&a£L '..'<■■
HORRORS OF
THE MANILA
HOSPITALS
Awful Sufferings of
Sick Soldiers.
MANY DEATHS FROM NEGLECT
STATEMENT MADE BY A RE
TURNING BED CROSS NURSE,
Could Save Dozens of Lives on Five
Cents a Day, Though the Gov
ernment Makes Liberal
Provision.
Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, Dec. 7.— The Scandia
arrived yesterday morning from Ma
nila, having sailed from there on No
vember 15. She brings a number of
officers, ninety-one discharged and fur
loughed men and two Red Cross nurses.
She brings the largest mail that ever
left Manila, 213 sacks for San Francisco
and one for Honolulu. She will sail
for San Francisco on or about Decem
ber 10.
One of the returning Red Cross
nursea said: "Scores of the soldier
boys are dying in the hospitals at Ma
nila for want of proper nourishment.
They say the Government allows 60
cents a day for each patient. I could
save dozens of lives on 5 cents a day.
Oh, the utter woe of the hospitals, the
helplessness of them. Men as bright
and noble as God ever made, giving up
to death, hoping for it, seeking it, tak
ing poison, doing anything that will
end the despair that comes upon them.
"Seeing nothing before them but days
of pain and nights of wretchedness,
without proper care, without proper
food, with no one to give them sym
pathy, to write to friends, to soothe
aching brows or moisten parched lips,
if by sheer endurance of nature or ob
stinacy of vitality they do get better
there is before them nothing but the
still more cheerless period of convales
cence with the probability of relapse,
and the old weariness of despair to be
suffered again. No wonder there are
six or seven funerals a day. No won
der the dead house is never empty.
"And outside the hospital and even
in it, such indifference. Petty consid
eration of rank and position, squabbles
about precedence, lack of consideration
in prescribing and preparing food,
while men are dying, not merely of
hearthunger, but for want of nourish
ment.
"I have gone through the wards day
after day, and as I spoke to this one
and that, and they poured out their
sorrows, men who do not wear their
hearts on their sleeves cried from pure
agony of their loneliness, and despair,
made poignant and vivid by their own
telling of it.
"I got so I simply could not go
through the wards. What could I do?
I saw the need of care, of proper nour
ishment,, of the most ordinary hospital
treatment, and was utterly helpless to
do anything; just one cog in the great,
remorseless, grinding machine whose
material was noble men and whose
grist was death."
Miss Schaefer was one of the first Red
Cross nurses to go to Manila. She went
from here on the Arizona, arriving at
Manila on September 26. She returned
as attending nurse to the sick among
the ninety wrecks of robust manhood
who are returning as invalided soldiers.
She went a strong woman in good
health. She left Manila November 15
weighing fifty pounds less than when
she started from San Francisco.
"I do not mean that all in the hospi
tals are careless or Indifferent," she
continued. "Many are trying to do
their best. There is a lot of worthiness
and unselfishness among the attendants
at the hospitals. But there is so much
Inexperience and so many clogs to
those who would do- much. To think of
an attendant going through a ward
with a pail of beef broth, ladling out
to the fifty or sixty patients indiscrimi
nately a tin cup full of it. In the whole
pailful there was not enough nourish
ment for one, even if it were made of
the best material. But what it really
was made of I shut my eyes and refuse
to imagine. In a whole-ward there is
not more than one nurse of experience,
and for helpers only one or two awk
ward boys who perhaps never saw a
sickroom before. Do their best and
what can, they accomplish? Let no one
speak slightingly of the women who
have lately gone on to Manila as army
nurses.- Any woman who works as she
will have to work if she goes into the
tents at all will deserve the tear of the
recording angel which will blot out all
she may have transgressed in the past
or all she may be guilty of in the fu
tttfo "
Colonel Georpe W. Macfarlane re
turned by the Coptic and brings word
that the Comptroller of the Currency
has guaranteed to Perry S. Heath, First
Assistant Postmaster General, and his
associates that he will issue the char
ter for the new bank in which James
Campbell and himself are interested as
soon as Congress extends the territor
ial laws to Hawaii. That will probably
be very soon.
Private John V. Springsteen, Com
pany G, First New York, died at the
military hospital of pneumonia on the
sth. He had been sick but a short
time. ___^_________
BEATEN BY SALOON-KEEPERS.
J. P. Quigley the Victim of a Barroom
Fight and May Die From His
Injuries.
J. P. Quigley is lying unconscious in the
Harbor Receiving Hospital, suffering
from a beating administered by Joseph
Trautmann, proprietor of a saloon at 630
.day street, and Mark Hoffman, his bar
keeper. His wounds were dressed by Drs.
Diggins and Zabala, who say the man's
Injuries may prove fatal.
The story of the affair as told by Traut
mann and Hoffman is to the effect that
Quigley came into the saloon yesterday
afternoon and after drinking went over
to the lunch counter. While Quigley was
standing there a hanger-on about the
saloon informed Trautmann that Quigley
had a number of drinking glasses in his
pocket, evidently stolen from the counter
when the barkeeper's back was turned.
Trautmann accosted Quigley and at
tempted to take the glasses away, when
the latter rebelled, catching the proprie
tor by the throat. Hoffman sprang to his
employer's assistance and pinioned Quig
lpy's arms behind him, while the glasses
were taken from him.
They then tried to throw him out. but
he resisted, and after a brief mix-up
Quigley fell to the floor unconscious.
Officers T. Furlong and J. E. Maloney
placed Trautmann and Hoffman under
arrest, charging them with battery, and
sent Quigley to the hospital.
Trautmann and Hoffman were released
on bail.
Pupils' Musicale.
St. Peter's Academy ; will give a Christ
mas musicale Thursday, ; December 22, (
at ; St. Peter's ?< Hall, Twenty-fifth ' and
Florida streets. Admission ;by invitation
only. XH»r» open at T4* p. m.
THEIR DEAD
AS SACRED
AS OUR OWN
Hearts of the South
Warm to McKinley.
NOTABLE SPEECH AT ATLANTA
LAST TRACE OF SECTIONALISM
HAS BEEN WIPED OUT.
Presidential Party in Attendance at
the Peace Jubilee Receives a
_lost Enthusiastic
Welcome.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ATLANTA, Ga., Dec. 14.— The Presi
dential party arrived in Atlanta at 8
o'clock this morning over the Southern
Railway. The weather was more crisp
than most of the party anticipated.
Small groups of early-rising Georgians
watched the train as it flew past the
wayside stations. At Gainesville,
where a short stop was made, about 200
persons were at the station and in
spected the train with curiosity. From
there on to Atlanta there came waving
welcomes with an occasional cheer, but
there was nothing in the nature of a
demonstration.
At the Union depot, in Atlanta, a
large crowd was assembled and a
rousing cheer went up as the train
came to a standstill.
General Joe Wheeler was the first to
alight. A strong chorus of cheers
greeted the distinguished Alabaman,
who, accompanied by the members of
the reception committee, made his way
to a carriage. When the President ap
peared on the rear platform of his car
a hearty cheer was given him. The
welcome to the members of the Cabi
net was very cordial. The ladies of the
jubilee committee extended a greeting
to the ladies of the Presidential party,
after which the President and those ac
companying him were escorted to the
Kimball House.
The party included the following:
President and Mrs. McKinley, Secre
tary of the Treasury and Mrs. Gage,
Secretary of War and Mrs. Alger, Sec
retary of the Navy and Miss Long,
Postmaster General and Mrs. Smith.
Secretary of Agriculture and Miss Wil
son, Secretary to the President Porter
and Mrs. Porter and Mr. Barnes, ex
ecutive clerk; Major General Joseph
Wheeler and Miss Anna Wheeler, Ma
jor General Henry W. Law ton and Mrs.
Lawton, Captain Scherer, U. S. A., Dr.
P. A. Rixey, U. S. N.
A few minutes before 1 o'clock the
President's party was assigned to car
riages and, escorted by fifty mounted
police and the members of Governor
Chandler's staff, started for the capitol.
Upon his arrival at the capitol he
was greeted with a field artillery salute
and was at once escorted to Governor
Chandler's office. There was a short
informal reception there. Upon its
conclusion the President, followed by
members of the Cabinet, was conduct
ed to the Assembly chamber, where he
occupied the Speaker's chair with Gov
ernor Chandler on his right.. When
President Dodson of the Senate called
the Legislature to order the galleries
were thronged with men and women.
The Speaker rapped for silence and in
troduced the President to the audi
ence. As the President rose the audi
ence applauded. During the course of
his short speech Mr. McKinley referred
often to his notes and constantly
paused for cheers to stop. A scene of
intense enthusiasm followed when,
amid impressive silence, these wor.ds
fell from the lips of the President:
"Every soldier's grave made during
the unfortunate civil war is a tribute
to American valor. And while, when
those graves were made we differed
widely about the future of the Gov
ernment, those differences were long
ago settled by the arbitrament of
arms — and the time has now come in
the evolution of sentiment and feeling
under the providences of God. when, in
the spirit of fraternity, we should
share with you in the care of the
graves of the Confederate soldiers."
A wild cheer went up from every
throat in the audience, a cheer that
echoed and re-echoed throughout the
chamber until it was taken up by the
crowds outside. Old men who fought
for the South rose from their seats and
waved their hats. One Confederate
veteran, now a venerable legislator,
had pressed forward until he was lean
ing against the Speaker's deck, hang
ing on each word the President ut
tered. When the reference was made
to the Confederate dead this old man
buried his head in his arms and while
cheers rang out cried like a little child.
Of all the many conciliatory speeches
which have been made since Grant
said, "Let there be peace," nothing has
more deeply stirred a Southern audi
ence than the simple words of Presi
dent McKinley.
General Wheeler followed the Presi
dent, and was received with wild en
thusiasm.
Generals Lawton and Young spoke
briefly and received a warm welcome.
The session then adjourned and those
present were presented to the Presi
dent.
The prettiest and most novel event of
the day's festivities occurred during
the afternoon. It was a floral parade
in which all the people of the city took
part, and the first of its kind ever given
in the city. The President and his es
corts preceded the parade to the re
viewing stand, at the corner of Peach
street and Ponce, de Leofl avenue. As
each carriage passed the stand the oc
cupants saluted the President and
waved flags, to which the executive re
sponded graciously.
To-night the members of the Capitol
City Club opened their clubhouse to the
President and guests of the city. The
occasion was notably brilliant. The re
ceiving party consisted of a number of
Atlanta's representative women and a
large company of club members. The
decorations were flags, American smilax
and American beauty roses.
Deserted His Little Ones.
A sad case of desertion has been re
ported to the officers of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
According to the statement of Mrs. Sarah
Vogelsang, she and Mark Vogelsang for
several years past lived a peaceful exist
ence in Usal, Mendocino County. Three
children came to bless the family. A few
weeks ago the husband and father fled
and the woman has no idea where he has
fone. In the hope of finding him in San
ranclsco she came to this city and be
gan a fruitless hunt that only exhausted
her scant funds. Not until starvation
stared the little ones in the face did she
apply to the society for relief. This has
been afforded, but the woman is in sore
need of help.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
v ygiUuait ; removal. J.Noooaa.aW7-K23 MlMia*
! ADV73RT_SE_IENTS.
Li" |*| I The man whose borne
B mill M s menaced by midnight
J marauders isn't slow to
"7/7*l^ §3 ' I ?rasp a weapon to de-
I 'P. II -TIT I fend it. The same man
yl 1 H l^t^H»J\ when threaten-
ti The man whose enemy
lis menaced by midnight
J marauders isn't slow to
grasp a weapon to de-
— I fend it. The same man
■^J^, when threaten-
1 $mtk^ ed by an enemy
*_*-'* ten thousand
■ v PP wtf^^V^times more
% b^wß(FV^v^^-s dangerous, will
i jyL_-jii vTS»-y/ calmly go his
E&iP^ %*J& wa y anc^ make
•&^ s/f* no effort at dc "
' Jr_sfvtß_ roust danger-
Og7 «| ous of all man-
'•"*"' fig oS kind's enemies
TrX f Jk is consumption.
*\ 'A \T There is bat
y \\ 7 one effective
• . >» J \ jj weapon with
' __>55 1 *' m which to com-
' Q^ bat this grim
destroyer. It
\ Is Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery.
It cures 98 per cent, of all cases of con-
sumption, bronchitis, asthma, laryngitis,
weak lungs, spitting of blood and throat
and nasal troubles. Thousands have testi-
fied to their recovery under this remedy
after they were given up by the doctors,
and all hope was gone. Many of these
have permitted their experiences, names,
' addresses and photographs to be printed in
Dr. Pierces Common Sense Medical Ad-
1 viser. Any sufferer may write to them.
The "Golden Medical Discovery" is the
great blood-maker and flesh-builder. _ It
makes the appetite hearty, the digestion,
and assimilation perfect, the liver active,
the blood pure and rich with the life giving
elements of the food and the nerves strong
and steady. Acting directly on the lungs,
I it drives out all impurities and disease
germs. It is also a wonderful medicine for
all nervous troubles. Sold by all dealers
in medicine.
Jno. M. Hite, of Audubon, Audubon Co., lowa,
! says: " I took a severe cold which settled on my
1 lungs and chest. Several of our best physicians
gave up all hopes of mv recovery. I would cough
and spit blood for hours. I took Dr. Pierces
; Golden Medical Discovery and recovered." .
Dr. Pierces Common Sense Medical
! Adviser is a book of 1,008 pages and over
! three hundred illustrations. This book is
free. You may have it in all its usefulness,
and in strong paper covers, for 21 one-cent
; stamps, which pays 'the cost of mailing
j on/%', or in cloth binding for 31 stamps.
i Address, World's Dispensary Medical
i Association, Buffalo. N. Y.
j _______
1 VVHEZ9E ff -»B™frwSmTWffi. ' IMT^^^V
OTnCnS jj JS_H__Ss'__ v\ If* AMY
PA I L. ef __Ol_T iff fcß^___i \.
I mTONSVQN- KMOS V
V&MX have beengathered so suc-
cessfully in this tonic as to render
it the most effective Malt Extract
in the market.
Invaluable to sufferers from
dyspepsia and sleeplessness. Re-
stores digestion, soothes ' the
I nerves and invigorates the entire
I system.
I all nwu»a— t_
Val.Blatz Brewing Co.
MILWAUKEE.US.A.
Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale
Dealers, 4J6-4JB Sacramento Street,
San Francisco. .
Health is Wealth,
L_B__T_^___l'C m/ 1 T_h~ '' H » i**fli/T_f_;Tn E ATM E WT^^^sß
OR. C. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND BRAIN TREATMENT
THE ORIGINAL, ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS,
Is sold under positive Written Guarantee,
by authorized agents only, to cure Weak Memory,
Dizziness, VVakofulno6B, Fits, Hysteria, Quick-
ness, Night Looses, Evil Dreams, Lack of Confi-
dence, Nervousness, Lassitude, all Drains, Youth-
ful Errors, or Excessive Use of Tobacco, Opium,
or Liquor, which leads to Misery. Consumption,
Insanity and Death. At store or by mail, $1 a
box; six for 5; with written K~arantee*to
core or refund money, sample pack-
age, containing five days r treatment, with full
instructions, 23 cents. One sample only sold to
each person. At store or by mail. jni__
§£_?~ned Label Spccial-d^gvp&i
Extra Strength. Eai?!L J
For Impotency, Loss ofTOp*'* < 4r Wl
Power, Lost Manhood, %1 JG&L
Sterility or • Barrenness.;. jpL/^V
$1 a box; six for $5, with»iN^ji{'
written euaranteeM™^JajV,
- ■ ._ to cure in 30 days. At Btore*|£VsL™
GE-FOFEnv I^'— > : i. AFTER
GEO. BAH___N__:R * CO., Sole JlcciiU.
KM Ke«rny at.
/ was afflicted with ca-
tarrh last autumn. During
7gf^^o{°V?| the month of, October I
fl was afflicted with nor
tarrh last autumn. During
the month of October I
could neither taste nor
J* °3^A smell, and could hear but
little. Ely's Cream Balm
jL-^fe^\ cured it. — Marcus ■ Geo.
f^^iff^\ Shautz, Rah way, N. J.
Cream Balm is placed into the nostrils, spread
over the membrane and is absorbed. Relief is
immediate and a cure follows. It is not drying
—does not produce sneezing. Large, 50c; Trial
Size 10c; at Druggists or by mail. ■.
ELY. BROTHERS, 56 Warren St., New York.
COKE! COp! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
: '• Telephone South 24. . -'
Dealer and Importer of all brands of COKT3.
Yards at HOWARD AND BE ALB STS.
|$JIPPR. BALL'S REINVIGORATOR
M>n|H Five hundred reward lor any casa
SI Hbkß we cannot cure. This secret remedy
a "tops all losses in 24 hours, cures
Five hundred reward for any casa
we cannot cure. This secret remedy
stops all losses in 24 hours, cures
RSHfI RIPSS Emissions, Irapotency, Varicocele,
Iffl Prni Conorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Stricture*.
UAu| fXKI Lust Manhood and all wasting ef-
H|2Hn fects of self -abuse or excesses. Sent
a&Saesz&ai sealed, s2 bottle; 3 bottles, ss; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL, IN-
; STITUTE, 855 Broadway. Oakland. • Cal. Als«
for sale at 107314 Market et.. S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for fraa book.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a: powerful, aphrodislne and specific tonio
for the sexual and urinary organs of, both
! sexes, ' and a great remedy for diseased of the
! kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its ' own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BBU.N'E. Agents. -
123 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S o»-«
J3L Museum of Anatomy
|pBeU 1061 __2lE7 ST. bet. 6th i 7th, 8. P. Ct_
a.\fi*B The L»rge«toril3 kind in tie World.
lj_l_b\ DR. JORDAN — PrivaSc Diseases.
Ihwß \ ■■-'■■■ Con«olt»tJon free. Wrtta f»»' B»«k
vl j f Philosophy of Marriage.
• m ' MAILED rBtS,
34
RAIN WORTH
MILLIONS TO
CALIFORNIA
All the State Gets a
Wetting.
HEAVY FALL IN SECTIONS
SNOW COVERS MOUNTAINS AND
FOOTHILLS.
Effectual Breaking Up of the Drought
Which Has Discouraged the
Fanner and the Trades
man.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Dec. 14.— The grain
growers of Baa Joaquln County are ju
bilant over the encouraging prospects
of a wet season. Rain began falling
early last evening and continued
throughout the night with but slight
Intermission. The precipitation lasted
until after sunrise, when the clouds be
gan to break. There were still indi
cation?, however, of more moisture.
The rainfall in Stockton was .60 of an
inch for the night's precipitation, mak
ing: 2.13 inches for. the season to date.
This is the first storm since October 2.
Reports :ceived at the Valley Rail
way office from points up the valley
•how that the storm extended as far as
Hanford. The moisture was measured
by the company's agents at various
stations and the figures were as fol
lows: Escalon, .26; Clauston, .30; Elm-
Wood, .-5; Merced, .15; Geneva, .08;
Lagrande, .05; Sharon, .02. There was
Co rainfall beyond Sharon until the
Hanford country was reached. The
rain began there after daybreak and at
8:30 o'clock. w r hen the report was re
ceived at the Stockton office of th«
company, it was raining hard at Han
foru, Visalia and Reedley.
SAX JOSE, Dec. 14.— While the rain
fall for the storm has been rather light,
the indications ar« favorable for more.
The fidl in some parts of the county has
been much heavier than in San Jose.
In the portions about Gilroy and
ftucker it is reported that more than
an inch has falk-n. The temperature
has risen slightly since 7 o'clock yes
terday morning. At that hour the
thermometer was 31 degrees above.
Ai the same hour this morning it was
i'j degrees. The clouds are threatening,
With a gentle south wind.
FRESNO, Dec. 14.— Light showers be
gan at midnight and rain fell again to
day. The weather ia cloudy and all
the indications are for more rain, and
according to Forecaster Bolton, for a
good rainstorm within the next few
days.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 14.— The rain
fall in this city last night amounted to
half an inch. Rain has been falling
lightly to-day.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 14.-^The rainfall
and snowfall of the recent electric
storm was the heaviest in San Diego
County and was of great benefit. The
heaviest precipitation was at Del Mar,
La Mesa and El Cajon Valley, where
from two to three inches of rain fell
•within a few hours. The heaviest snow
fall was at Cuyamaca and Julian,
where fourteen inches of snow is re
corded, which is slowly melting. Much
ground had already been seeded to
grain, and farmers are now planting
crops. Fruit trees, which were greatly
in need of irrigation, were immensely
benefited by the rainfall, which was
heavy enough to wash out bridges and
retaining walls at various points.
WOODLAND, Dec. 14.— Rain began
to fall last evening and continued
nearly all night. At 8 o'clock this morn
ing the rainfall amounted to .70 of an
inch, making a total of 2.50 inches for
the season. The weather has been
cloudy to-day and at intervals there
have been light showers. Late in the
afternoon the wind swerved around to
the north again. The indications are
not considered favorable for a heavy
storm.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 14.— Rain began
falling here at 1 p. m. and there has
since been a steady drizzle, but up to
3 o'clock no great amount of moisture
has fallen. The indications are for a
good downpour to-night.
MILTON, Dec. 14.— Rain began fall
ing here last night and at 7 a. m. .32
(if an inch had fallen. At intervals this
morning the storm continued and at
noon about half an inch was recorded.
MONTEREY, Dec. 14.— Rain began
shortly before midnight last night and
continued until 4 p. m. to-day. Thp
downpour was at all times heavy. The
precipitation here and at Pacific Grcrve
was 1.08 inches in sixteen hours. Ad
vices from outlying districts report
heavy rain throughout this section,
proving a great boon to cattlemen and
farmers. Heavy clouds and a low
barometer indicate more rain to-night.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 14.— Rain fell
lightly throughout Marin County last
evening and during the night there
was a heavy downpour. Light showers
fell intermittently all day, but it was
clear this evening.
LIVERMORE, Dec. 14.— Rain com
menced falling here yesterday after
noon and continued until late this
morning and commenced again to-day
at noon.
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. 14.— Up to 6
o'clock to-night .15 of an inch of rain
fell.
SAXTA ANA, Deo. 14.— At 6 o'clock
this evening rain began falling. To
night the sky is overcast and a heavy
downpour is expected.
MARYSVILL.E. Dec. 14.— At 6 o'clock
last evening rain began falling and
there was a gentle downpour all night
and the greater portion of to-day. Al
though there is but a liphr. wind, the
indications point to a continuance of
the showers, which are quite accept
able to farmers and stockmen. Hopes
are entertained that the storm will last
a week. It appears general in the val
ley and mountains. A cold snap of
three days' duration preceded the
storm.
SALINAS, Dec. 14.— The long drought
has ended, and the first rain in many
months has been steadily falling for
over twenty-four hours. During the
night there were light showers, which
became heavier and more steady this
morning, and this evening the prospects
are favorable for several days' contin
uance. The fall to 7 p. m. is over an
inch. Some 30,000 acres of sugar beets
will be planted, and the Spreekels
sugar factory will have a good run in
1599.
COLUSA, Dec. 14.— Rain commenced
falling here at 6 o'clock last evening
and continued all night. It measured
.§0 of an inch. The prospects are\fa
vorablo for more. It is badly needed in
this locality.
SANTA CRUZ, Dec. 14.— Rain com
menced falling yesterday, and during
the night there was a steady downpour
without interruption. To-day there
have be*n showers, some very heavy.
About an inch has fallen.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 14.— The eky is
overcast with rain clouds. There was a
slight sprinkle at 4 o'clock, with indica
tions ofja. .snowf all-in- the mountains.
The weather is warmer than for ueveral
days. Rain will fall before morning.
YREKX Dec, 14.— The weather is
clear and cold. The rainfall up to tie
present is far below the average.
HANFORD, Dec! 14.— The continued
drought was broken, to-day. Rain be
gan falling at 7 o'clock this morn '"S
and continued through the day. The
precipitation was .35 of an inch.
NAPA, Dec. 14.-Shortly before 8
o'clock last night rain began to fall
throughout Napa Valley, and it con
tinued at intervals during the night
and up to noon to-day. The rain
gauge shows that over half an inch has
fallen.
CHICO, Dec. 14.— The scarcity of rain
in this vicinity has made the farmers
look rather blue, but the monotony was
broken last evening when at 6:30 o'clock
rain began to .'all and continued up to
12 o'clock to-day. The rain gauge
showed 1.03 in:hes. The temperature
has fallen and the wind switched to
the north this afternoon, and from
present indications there will be a hard
freeze tonight.
TULARE, Dec. 14.— Light showers
have fallen to-day. Indications prom
ise heavy showers to-night. 1-leven
hundredths of an inch of rain fell to
day.
RIVERSIDE, Dec. 14.— Rain began
falling here this evening. Indications
point to a good storm. The rain of last
wet> k was the -Trst of the season and it
did a great deal of good. The total
fall for the season is only .29 of an inch.
Reports to-day from county points in
dicate light showers this evening, with
prospects good for a heavy rain.
MODESTO, Dec. 14. — Gentle showers
began falling last night and continued
throughout the night and to-day. At
t> o'clock this evening the total fall was
.27 of an inch. The showor was much
needed and indications are that it will
continue. Growing crops are much
benefited.
OAKDALE, Dec. 14.— 1t began rain
ing last, night, .70 of an inch falling up
to 5 o'clock this afternoon. The pros
pects are good for an all-night storm.
It is raining hard in the foothills.
Nearly all the farmers in this vicinity
are through seeding and the acreage is
very large.
YUBA CITY, .Dec. 14.— A cold rain
Cell here all last night. The precipita
tion was .45 of an inch, and for the sea
son 2.28 inches. The rain did consider
able good to grain and feed. More is
needed. The weather is clearing.
SAN MIGUEL, Dec. 14.— Quite a
shower fell in this section last night.
The temperature, which has for sev
eral days past been the lowest known
in some years, has considerably mode
rated. The indications are favorable
for more rain.
HOLLISTER, Dec. 14.— A gentle rain
fell all day. The precipitation amount
ed to .80 of an inch at 5 o'clock this af
ternoon. Indications are favorable for
more rain to-night.
HUENEME, Dec. 14.— The drought
from which this county has so long suf
fered is at last broken. It began rain
ing this morning at S o'clock and con
tinued at intervals throughout the day.
To-night it is raining hard. So far the
precipitation is about .25 of an inch.
Cattle have been dying off alarmingly
on the ranges for want of feed, but
stockmen now say that two inches of
rain will materially improve the situ
ation, and their values will appreciate
50 per cent.
WATSONVILLE, Dec. 14.— 1t com
menced raining here at 3 o'clock yester
day afternoon. The rainfall for
storm up- to 6 o'clock this evening was
.82 of an inch. The weather still is
cloudy.
MERCED, Dec. 14.— Fourteen hun
dredths of an inch of rain fell during
last night and to-day. The weather
still is cloudy and threatening a heavy
rain to-night. Rain and warm weather
were badly needed to start feed.
NEVADA, Dec. 14.— At this city less
than an inch of rain has fallen in the
last twenty-four hours and the indi
cations to-night are that the storm is
over. In the higher altitudes a few
miles north and east it snowed most
of last night and to-day. The precipi
tation for the season has been but 7.50
Inches or only a quarter of the normal
fall. Operations at most mines depend
ing on water power have been inter
rupted partially for six weeks and
many men are idle, waiting for warm
rains to fill the mountain lakes that
supply the ditches.
REDDING, Dec. 14.— Rain fell in
Shasta County throughout Tuesday
night and until 8 o'clock this morning.
The sky remained cloudy until late in
the afternoon, when a mild wind set
in from the north, with indications for
a clear-up. Snow fell in the moun
tains, reaching quite low on the foot
hills. The precipitation will help the
farmers some, but will do the placer
miners little good. Should a hard freeze
set the snow, followed by further
snowfall, plenty of water in the moun
tains would be insured for the summer
of 1899.
RED BLUFF, Dec. 14.— When the
rain flag was hoisted by the Weather
Bureau here yesterday morning, and
the observer announced a rain
for last night and to-day, there were
many who were skeptical. But the
rain came and oame "a-plenty." Up
to 9 a. m. nearly an inch had fallen and
the outlook is for more to come.
CREW FOR A NEW
JAPANESE WARSHIP
Nearly Two Hundred Bluejackets
on the Way to San Fran
cisco.
PORT TOWNSEND, Dec. 14.— The Nip
pon Yusen Kalsha liner Kinshiu Maru
arrived this evening from the Orient with
191 Japanese bluejackets and officers on
their way to San Francisco to man the
new Japanese cruiser Chitose, built in
that city. ' ' , ■ .-'h'-.'.
Following are the names of the Japanese
officers: Commander Ichibei Mori, Lieu
tenant Kinto Takamatsu, Lieutenant Hi
rotake Sawasaki, Surgeon Shinjiro Te
zuka. Past Master Hinata Yamasaki,
Second Lieutenant Genjiro Katsui, Sec
ond Lieutenant ■ Unosuke Sususke, Engi
neer Teigo Okasokl, Sub-Lieutenant Ta
datsura Tajiri, Sub-Lieutenant Takshi
Yokoo, Assistant Engineer Iwasaburo
Ikeda. Ward Officer Taroichi Masaki,
Ward Officer Kumajlro Kawamura.
.Commander Mori is a strict disciplin
arian and during the voyage across the
Pacific he had daily drills on deck. Offi
cers and crew will remain on the Softnd
until December 23, when, according to in
structions, they will embark on the
steamship Centennial for San Francisco.
:.■-..■• — — •>= — - . '
VOTE ON AMENDMENTS.
Only That Relating to Election of
Governor Was Adopted.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 14.— Secretary of
State Brown to-day completed the count
of the votes on constitutional amend
ments. The only amendment carried was
Assembly constitutional amendment 36,
relating to the election of Governor in
the case of death, impeachment or In
capacity. The vote follows:
Senate constitutional amendment No. 41 —
Yes, &4.015: no, 90,602.
Senate constitutional amendment No. 10 —
Yes, 74.81'", no, 73.037.
Senate constitutional amendment No. 44 —
Yea, 69,232: no. 75.695.
Assembly constitutional amendment No. 37—
Yes, 61,843; no, 76,128.
Assembly constitutional amendment No. 36 —
Yes, 79.748: no, 6.%260.
Assembly constitutional amendment No. 88 —
Yes, 56,725; no, 85,712.
Assembly constitutional amendment No. S4—
Yes, 63,195: no. 81,289.
For convention to revise the constitution, 42,
556; aßainst convention to revise constitution,
86,007.
Fatally Hurt While at Work.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 14.— While at work
on the new foundry building at the South
ern Pacific shops this afternoon Gus
Roseman, a carpenter, met an accident
by which he suffered a severe fracture
on the head. Death soon after ensued at
the railroad hospital.
THE SAN FKAN'CISCO CAI^, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1898.
DEMANDS AN
INCOME TAX
Action of the Labor
Federation.
ENGLISH DELEGATES SPEAK
URGE CLOSEE RELATIONS BE
TWEEN THE TWO COUNTRIES.
A Resolution Adopted Protesting
Against the Passage by Con
gress of the Anti- Ticket
Scalping Bill.
Scecla.l Dispatch to The Call.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Dec. 14.—
Speech-making consumed the morning
session of the third day of the annual
convention of the American Federation
of Labor. The delegates listened with
Interest to talks by William Thorne
and William. Inskip, delegates from the
British Labor Congress, and to a re
sponse -thereto by President Samuel
Gompers.
Mr. Thorne said that labor should
strive continuously for better organiza
tion and- more power- in politics. Dele
gate Inksip urged not only a stronger
organization, but a stronger friendship
between American and British unlon
istß. What was needed, he said, was
not only a federation of trades organi
zations, but a federation with our Eng
lish-speaking cousins. The sentiment
was warmly cheered.
President Gompers said, in the course
of his remarks, that there was some
times apprehension as to the condition
of ' the workers of our country. A
greater percentage of mechanical la
bor, outside the agricultural element,
he said, were organized in America
than on any part of the globe. While
he declared that unionists were active
in defending their principles in politics,
Mr. Gompers nevertheless urged in
creased activity along this line.
Upon the employment of women Mr.
Gompers said: "The American Feder
ation of Labor has always stood for the
organization and recognition of those
women who are compelled of necessity
to work. But we do demand now and
we must always demand equal pay for
equal work." Mr. Gompers paid a warm
welcome to the English delegates and
declared that the closer the two Eng
lish-speaking nations came together in
fraternal alliance the speedier would
approach the era of universal peace.
At the forenoon session a resolution
presented by Adrian M. Jones of Chi
cago protesting against the passage
of the anti-scalping bill, recently
passed by the House of Representa
tives, was adopted without discussion.
A copy of the resolution will be Bent to
each United States Senator.
The income tax resolution offered by
J. S. Kent of Nebraska was not adopt
ed, hut this substitute was unanimous
ly indorsed: "Resolved. That the
American Federation of Labor is of
the opinion that the decisions of the
Supreme Court on the income tax are
not fn accord with the constitution or
the spirit of the American people, and
that this Federation demands of Con
gress a law making a tax on incomes
a feature of federal taxation."
Convict labor came in for a share of
the convention's attention. The reso
lutions condemning convict labor, by
C. W. Coy, were referred to the exec
utive council with instructions that it
take such steps as may check its en
croachments upon the interests of the
honest working people of the land. The
convention emphatically reaffirmed the
boycott on the American Tobacco Com
pany, declaring it to be a monopoly
and a trust, and to be under the ban
of organized labor.
OF INTEREST TO THE
PEOPLE OF THE COAST
I>e Vries Striving to Have the Mm
ing Industry Fully Treated
in the Next Census.
"WASHINGTON, Dec 14.-Representa
tive de Vries wll appear before the House
Committee on Rivers and Harbors on Fri
day to urge appropriations for the Sac
ramento and San Joaquin rivers.
In the Committee on Census to-day Rep
resentative de Vries asked that mining
and the mining industries be fully treated
in the next census. There is quite an od
jectlon on the part of some members to
having this extended to the minors of the
country. Mr. de Vries insists that they
have the same rights accorded them as
under the last census.
The following California postmasters
were appointeu to-day: Datura. Lassen
County, Harriet F. Torrey, vice Henry H.
Fuller, resigned; Parkfleld, Monterey
County, William R. Mapes, vice Green
ville S. Redmond, resigned; Picard, Siski
you County, O. J. Reed, vice George Otis,
resigned; Santa Margarita, San Luis
Obispo County, L. D. Weeks, vice Young
A. Lee, removed.
Army orders— By direction of the Secre
tary of War Lieutenant-Colonel Frank de
L. Carringrton .Eighth CaliTornla Volunteer
Infantry (Captain First United States In
fantry). Is relived from duty as chief
mustering officer for the States of Ore
gon and Washington, and will proceed to
Join his proper station. BY direction of
the Secretary of War Captain Frank Tay
lor, Fourteenth United States Infantry,
will assume the duties of chief mustering
officer for the States of Oregon and Wash
ington. Private R. F. Henry, Battery B,
California Volunteer Artillery^ Is dis
charged from the service.
Pensions: Original— Lucius B. Palmer,'
Pasadena, Los Angeles, $6; William Mc-
Carthy Vallejo. $6. Reissue— Patrick
Dore, San Francisco. $8; Austin C. War
wick. Lompoc. $6. Oregon: Original-
Samuel W. Taylor, Eugene, $6. Increase—
William 11. H. Magt-e. Medford. $6 to $8.
Washington: Original — James Avcry,
Olympia, $8; James F. Patterson, Hock
inson, $8.
WILL GO TO CTJBA.
Senator Perkins to Be One of the In-
vestigating Commission.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.— 1t is under-
stood that in accordance with Senator
Proctor's resolution providing for a com
mission to visit Cuba and report on eco
nomic, industrial and military affairs, five
Senators will be appointed, of which Sen
ator Perkins will be one.
Yolo Teachers' Institute.
WOODLAND, Dec. 14.— The Teachers'
Institute will convene in Woodland on
December 19 and be in session four days.
Dr. Thomas F. Bailey of the University
of California, Professor E. P. Cubberly of
Stanford University and Professor A. M.
Elstnn of Berkeley have been engaged as
lecturers ana instructors.
Will Talk to Farmers.
WOODLAND, Dec. 14.— A farmers' in
stitute was organized at Guniva, in this
county, to-day. The lecturers are Pro
fessor's Fowler and Loughridge of the
State University. The same gentlemen
will conduct the Institute to be held in
this city on January 5 and 6.
Date for the Inaugural Ball.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 14.— The inaugural
bail committee held a meeting to-night
and the finance committee made a very
encouraging report. Other committees
reported progress made in preparing for
the event. The date for the ball was fixed
tor the night of January 16.
EXTRA SESSION
OF CONGRESS
ON CURRENCY
Sentiment in Favor of
Prompt Action.
VIEWS OF LEADING MEN
REPUBLICANS SHOULD REDEEM
THEIR PLEDGES.
The Best Interests of the Nation
Demand Legislation to Reform
the Money Sys
tem.
The eentlment of California as ex
pressed by leading public men and intelli
gent bankers who have Btudled the money
question is positively in favor of na
tional legislation to bring about currency
reform. The judgment of the majority
of business men of large affairs is that
an extra session of Congress should be
called by the President. Argument is ad
vanced that the important questions relat
ing to currency reform should be consid
ered apart from other issues, and not be
thrown into the general discussion of
topics springing from the war. An arti
cle published in The Call of Tuesday last
engaged the attention of the commercial
community and elicited many expressions
of opinion on the subject.
Committed to
Currency Reform
Ex-Senator C. N. Felton Holds
an Extra Session Should
Be Called.
Ex-Senator Charles I*. Felton is out
spoken in favor of an extra session of
Congress to consider the currency reform
question. He says: :.-■;,:•.-; i
"The Republican. party, realizing that a
reform of the currency is essential to the
best interests of the nation, is committed
to action on the, question. In my opinion
the sooner the action Is taken the better,
and that by all means in a session of
Congress called for the purpose. In no
other way canit receive the undivided at
tention requisite for. a wise conclusion."
• ■
An Extra Session
by All Means
Congressman-Elect Julius Kahn
Strongly Favors the
Proposition.
Congressman-elect Julius Kahn— l am
in thorough accord with the idea pro
mulgated in The Call's editorial of Tues
day. I have always believed It necessary
to hold an extra session of Congress to
settle the currency question and give the
legislation upon it a good, fair chance to
operate before the national election of
1900. The great trouble with this country
is that it does not give time for a settled
policy to become fixed before Congress
meets again and changes of such magni
tude are made that the original legisla
tion is nullified. If an extra session be
called by the President, and I trust that
it will, the currency question would prob
ably be settled inside of three months,
and then there would be over a year be
fore the next ensuing elections; within
which time the new laws would have had
a chance to operate and the administra
tion would be in a position to know just
what defects exist and how to remedy
them. Whereas if legislation is delayed
until the regular session, before it is fairly
tested the elections of 1900 will be held.
The newly elected Congress would then
begin to tinker with said legislation so
that the entire effect of it would be lost
to the nation.
What the Interests of tho country de
mand at the present time is stability.
The constant tinkering with tariff arid
financial legislation causes our merchants
and manufacturers to refrain from mak
ing any large investments, and conse
quenty the laboring mail, the mechanic
and, in fact, all our people suffer more or
less. By all means let us have an extra
session to settle the momentous question
of currency reform.
Stable Currency
Begets Prosperity
Extra Session Meets With the
Entire Approval of Banker
I. W. Heliman.
President I. TV. Heliman of the Ne
vada Bank— l am of the firm opinion that
the President should call an extra session
after next March to settle for all time
the most important question of the cur
rency. We want stable money, for no
country can have permanent prosperity
without It. Every civilized nation on
the face of the globe is to-day on a gold
basis. Semi-civilized countries like China,
South America and Central America are
the only ones left on a silver basis.
Wherever that currency exists labor is
degraded and the people are in a poor
condition generally.
Our soldiers in Manila, Cuba and Porto
Rico have had a splendid object lesson on
the benefit of sound money and the need
of proper financial legislation. Every dol
lar of our money brought them *2 20, and
when they return to us they will not be
in favor of a depreciated currency, be
cause they have realized the benefit of
our money.
By an extra session of Congress legisla
tion can be enacted for the United
States to remain permanently on a gold
standard, and that menace of the free and
unlimited coinage of silver can be forever
silenced and destroyed. This subject Is of
moment not only to the bankers but to
the whole business community as well. A
stable currency begets prosperity, and
the question is of sufficient magnitude to
warrant the calling of an extra session for
its consideration.
a
Currency Reform
Is Imperative
Warren Olney Says If an Extra
Session Will Bring It About,
Let Us Have It.
"Warren Olney— l heartily agTee with the
proposition of legislating on the subject
of currency reform, but I am not pre
pared at the present time to state that
the conditions are of such a nature as to
warrant the calling of an extra session
for so doing. I lean somewhat to the
opinion that postponing the considera
tion of the question may bring about more
by natural growth than if special action
were taken upon it. The trend is such
that currency reform Is coming very soon
by the inevitable progress of events,
whether a special session be held or not.
There is danger in extra sessions ot going
into matters that ought to be left alone.
I am not an adherent of over legislation,
and extra sessions have not been bene
ficial in the past. I am inclined to think
: that better results can be obtained at the
regular session of Congress in December.
I don't know, however, but that the ad
vantages of an extra session would out
weigh what we old veterans are inclined
to anticipate from such a course. There
Is no doubt that attention would be cen
tered on the subject if an extra session
is held. It would be a wonderfully great
educating influence, and possibly we
would after all obtain tße Dest legisla
tion that way. Good currency legislation
will restore confidence, -and if an extra
session -will carry out those conditions
then let us have It, for we will thus re
alize a direct benefit.
I am satisfied that the silver craze is
rapidly dying out and will never again be
a vital issue before the country. The
party that goes against the natural laws
of finance, if I may use that expression,
will be ground to powder. Let this Gov
ernment follow the example of the lead
ing nations of Europe and provide fqr a
stable currency, but not by the issuance
of Government bills, as at the present
time. Let legislation be of such a char
acter as to throw such safeguards around
our currency as to render it invincible.
Should Be Settled
Without Delay
Ex-Mayor Pond Holds That the
Party Pledge Should Be
Fulfilled.
Ex-Mayor E. B. Pond entertains positive
opinions on the subject of currency re
form. He says: "The currency system
ought to be settled without delay. The
promise made by the Republicans to the
people of the country should be redeemed.
In my judgment, an extra session of Con
gress, if necessary, should be called to
legislate upon the question. The adjust
ment should be mad© before the next
Presidential campaign. The gold Demo
crats expect a prompt solution of the
monetary question. They voted for Presi
dent McKinley on this ground, and they
have the right to urge that the promise
made to the voters shall be redeemed.
The Republicans, having a majority in
Congress, are responsible. The sound
money men expect that measures will be
taken without unnecessary delay to re
form the currency."
Foreign Policy of
the Government
Banker P. N. Lilienthal Is Not
Able to Judge Whether An
Extra Session Is Demanded.
P. N. Lilienthal, manager of the Anglo-
California Bank, believes that a perma
nent settlement of the monetary policy
of the country is desirable. He says:
"The currency question ought to bo set
tled, but whether an extra session of Con
gress ought to be called for that purpose
is another proposition. I am not able to
judge whether an extra session will be
required. Again, it must be taken into
account that man$ r questions of vital im
portance growing out of territorial ex
pansion may arise. Legislation in this
regard may assume so much importance
that an extra session bearing on the so
called foreign policy of the United States
will be demanded. I am not competent,
therefore, to judge what the interests of
the country will require. The currency
question, I admit, ought to be settled; but
whether it should be disposed of at an
extra session as the tariff question was
is another matter."
Settlement in
Regular Session
Thomas Brown Fancies an Ex-
tra Session Is Not
Needed.
Thomas Brown, cashier of the Bank of
California, says: "The question of cur
rency reform ought to be settled, but it
is not of sufficient importance to justify
an extra session of Congress. The ques
tion might be settled at the regular ses
sion of Congress next year."
»
An Advocate • .
of Sound Money
Manager Grecnebaum o? the Lon-
don and Paris Bank Favors
Immediate Action.
Sigmund Greenebaum, manager of the
London, Paris and American Bank, is an
advocate of sound money and the immedi
ate adoption by Congress of a sound
money policy. He says: "The set
tlement of the currency question in
a proper manner will be beneficial to
the farmers and laborers, as well as to
the merchants. An extra session of Con
gress may not be required to settle the
question, "but it should be called if it be
comes necessary to the settlement. There
Is only one way to settle the monetary
policy for the good of the country, and
that way is to recognize sound money."
A Fair Degree
o? Prosperity
Banker James K. Wilson Doubts
the Advisability of Agitating
the Currency Question.
James K. Wilson, president of the San
Francisco National Bank, holds that the
promise of a sound currency should be
fulfilled, but doubts whether the inter
ests of the country would be benefited by
un<iue agitation of the question. He Bays:
"We are enjoying a fair degree of pros
perity at present, with indications of a
larger measure or prosperity. Agttation
of the currency question, such agitation
as an extra session of Congress on the
subject would cause, might alarm the
holders of money. When monetary legis
lation is discussed money hides away"!
Unless the holder of money is a broad
minded man of affairs he is apt to Keep
his cash idle, pending the settlement of
monetary issues. In my judgment a cur
rency reform measure in accordance .with
the pledges, made in the platform of the
successful party should be passed by
Congress, but I am not prepared to say
that an extra session should be called."
An Extra Session
Should Be Called
Governor Budd Holds That the
Currency Should Be Con
sidered Separately.
Governor Budd maintains that Congress
should settle the money question. He
says: "An extra session ought to be
called to consider currency reform. In
the 'hurly-burly' of a regular session,
pending, the monetary policy of the Gov
ernment cannot be properly considered.
Now the tir.ie of the regular session will
be taken up in the consideration of ques
tions growing out of the war. The dis
cussions will be animated, earnest and
perhaps bitter, by reason of wide diver
gence of opinion. In my judgment the
subject of currency reform should not be
thrown into the discussion when the
minds of members are engrossed in con
sidering the settlement of war issues. It
is desirable that stability should be given
to the currency of the country. An extra
session should be called to consider the
question of reform in our currency, and
the adjustment should be permanent as
far as possible under our institutions of
government. The Republicans pledged
in their platfrom that they would bring
about the desired reform, and by so pledg
ing gained the support of many gold Dem
ocrats. It is now the duty of the Repub
lican party to redeem the pledge."
Question of Vital
Importance
Victor Metcalf, Congressman-
Elect, Favors Prompt Settle-
ment of Vexatious Problems.
Victor Metcalf, member of Congress
elect from the Third District, advocates
prompt action. He says:
"I consider the money question one of
vital importance to the people of this na
tion. If not disposed of at this session
of Congress I believe that the best in
terests of this country would be sub
served by calling an extra session for
the purpose of permanently settling this
vexatious problem."
A Great Bussian Coming.
Customs Collector Jackson was notified
yesterday by the Department of State
that Grand Duke Cyril, a cousin of the
Czar of Russia, would arrive at San Fran
cisco on the steamer China on the 27th
of this month. The Collector was in
structed to receive the Grand Duke with
all the honors due his station, to pass his
baggage and that of his suite without ex
amination and to take his word as to the
character and quantity of dutiable goods
contained therein.
MEETING OF THE
DEMOCRATIC
COMMITTEE
State Organization in
Session.
— — — — — —
HEARST'S PLAN CONSIDERED
GALLAGHER AND FAY IN A
"i; WORDY SET-TO.
Some Small Embarrassment.: Caused
by the \Jnexpected Absence
of a : Few of , the \ "
• •./Members, -•
A meeting: of the Democratic State Cen
tral Committee was held at the California
Hotel yesterday afternoon, pursuant to
a call Issued about two weeks ago. It
was generally understood that the pur
pose of the meeting was the discussion of
a plan of reorganization of the party in
the city and State In accordance with a
proposal made by W. R. Hearst, pro
prietor of the Examiner.
Those present at yesterday's meeting
were J. L. Gallagher and Charles W. Fay.
In the absence of Chairman Mann, Mr.
Gallagher called Mr. Fay to order. The
secretary of the committee being absent.
Mr. Fay assumed the duties of the office,
and having called the roll found that Mr.
Gallagher was present. A slight delay
was occasioned by the non-arrival of
Treasurer Bart Burke, who has a great
head for figures and who knows the exact
amount of the deficiency that Mr. Hearst
is to make good in case he is allowed 10
reorganize the party on "not only raised
but nailed" lines. As soon as it became
apparent that Mr. Burke was at his home
in Santa Cruz Mr. Gallagher appointed
Mr. Fay to act as treasurer. Mr. Fay's
first official act was to fine Mr. Gallagher
25 cents, the same to be expended on
refreshments for the crowd. Mr. Gal
lagher, as chairman, remitted the fine,
but Mr. Fay appealed from the decision of
the chair and succeeded in making good
his contention by a vote of 1 to 0.
Mr. Fay created something of a Btir
in the meeting by introducing a motion
to the effect that no smoking be allowed
during the proceedings. A vote was
taken, which resulted in a tie, there being
1 aye and 1 no. A long and acrimonious
debate followed, which ended In a com
promise being effected by Mr. Gallagher
agreeing to allow Mr. Fay to smoke the
latter half of the cigar that started the
controversy.
A stir of expectancy swept over the as
semblage when Mr. Gallagher called Mr.
Fay to the chair and took the floor.
Mr. Fay rapped for order, and by way of
a precautionary measure stated that no
disturbance of any kind would be per
mitted. He then appointed Mr. Gallagher
to act as sergeant-at-arms and. instructed
him to preserve order. This course had
the desired effect, and as soon as order
had been restored Mr. Gallagher asked
permission to address the meeting. When
it was granted he said:
"Mr. Chairman, I move we adjourn
When the ripple of excitement that fol
lowed tnis speech had subsided, Mr. Fay
in "Do e ii d hear a second to the gentleman's
m There being no second to the motion it
was declare!! out of order. Mr GaJs-
Kher resumed the chair and Mr Fay
Claimed the floor on a question of per
sonal privilege. He referred to the motion
he had previously made regarding the
right of members to smoke during the
progress of the meeting. He then called
attention to the fact that the time had
arrived when his rights under the adjust
ment that had been made should be ac
corded him. , .Jr.' yJ
Mr Gallagher suggested that the mat
ter of the member's rights in the prem
ises be submitted to an arbitration com
mittee of two. of Which the chairman
should be a member. This was agreed to
and Mr. Gallagher appointed Mr. Fay as
the other member of the committee. A
recess of five minutes was then taken in
order to give the commute time in which
to meet and prepare Us report.
Mr Gallagher called the arbitration
committee to order. He then called the
attention of his fellow member to the fact
that there was very little left to arbitrate,
and that unless Mr. Fay had a cigar
holder an award in his favor would be
of small value- There was no combating
the logic of this argument and Mr. Fay,
wno is trying to stop smoking anyway,
consented to drop the' matter until the
question of the reorganization of the
party had been finally determined.
When the Central Committee reassem
bled Mr. Fay called the roll and found
Mr. Gallagher still present. Mr. Gal
lagher stated that in the event of two
members claiming the floor at the same
time he would decide in favor of the one
nearest the seat provided for the use of
the secretary-
Mr. Fay caught the eye of the chair
man,'and upon being recognized ex
plained that on account of the unavoid
able absence of Mr. Tarpey and others he
wns in favor of postponing the matter of
the reorganization of the. party until after
Judge Maguire has finished his self-ap
pointed task of reorganizing Father
Yorke. This seemed to meet with general
approval. Mr. Fay then moved that the
hall rent be charged to the deficiency that
Is to be assumed by Mr. Hearst. There
being no objection it was so ordered. Mr.
Gallagher then declared the meeting ad
journed until the robins nest again.
CUSTOM HOUSE DRAYING.
Manager Fuller Denies the Statement
Made by a Pair of Discon
tented Brokers.
"W. H. Fuller, manager of the Over
land Transit Company which does the
draylng for the Custom-house, is wroth,
over the statement of two brokers to the
effect that his company la not making
Its deliveries expeditlously. He would
like to ascertain the identity of the brok
ers for the purpose of convincing them
that they are mistaken. Mr. Fuller says
the delay in delivery of the cargo on
the Shangtung was caused by the break
ing down of the boilers in the basement
of the Appraisers' building, thus stop
ping the freight elevators for ten days.
He asserts that whenever the permits are
issued his drays promptly deliver the
goods, and that the complaints of the
two brokers are blasts of wind through
holes in their hats.
DENNERY OPENS HIS FIGHT.
Contests the Election of R. Porter
Ashe, State Senator-Elect.
Leon Dennery, confident that he was
counted out at the recent election, con
tests the right of R. Porter Ashe. who has
been declared elected to represent the
Twenty-fourth Senatorial District in the
next Legislature. Dennery filed his
grounds of contest with the County Clerk
yesterday, and the matter has been sub
mitted to Justices of the Peace Kerrigan
and Groezinger.
Dennery avers that Ashe was not le
gally nominated by the Democratic party
for the office of State Senator and his
name was printed as a candidate without
authority of law; that Ashe was not a
resident of the Twenty-fourth District for
one year next preceding his election; that
his certificate of nomination was not
properly filed; that Ashe and his friends
expended money far in excess of the
amount allowed by law; that contrary to
law the voting booths were opened be
fore sunrise and closed long after sunset;
that votes for Dennery were counted for
Ashe. and, in fact, the defeated candidate
■sets forth every conceivable ground that,
if substantiated, might turn defeat to vie-
Dennery was laeaten by but twenty
five votes, and he is of the opinion that In
the' investigation to come he will win out
STRUCK BY A TRAIN.
B. L. McDonald, a Laborer, Seriously
Injured on Channel Street.
B. L v McDonald, a laborer, was struck
by the return train from Ingleside late
yesterday afternoon and seriously in
jured. He was removed to the Receiv
ing Hospital, where Dr. Rinne found that
he had sustained a compound fracture of
the left leg, a contusion of the left elbow
and a fracture of the jaw. O. E. Alger,
the engineer, was afterward arrested and
charged "with battery. He was subse
quently released on his own recogniz
ance by order of Judge Joachimsen.
According to several eye-witnesses of
the accident, McDonald was walking
along the outer track on Channel street
when, in attempting to get out of the
way of a freight train, he ran in the way
of the incoming train. Fortunately the
train was going at a slow rate of speed,
otherwise he would have been killed.
COMMISSIONERS ARE THROUGH.
City Hall Will Come Formally Into
the Supervisors' Hands To-Day.
The mission of the City Hall Commis
sioners is almost finished. The last roof
ing that was covered over the big pile ex
hausted the available funds, and to-day
the Commissioners are ready to turn tho
building over to the Board of Supervisors
and San Francisco will come formally
into possession of its own.
Since the passage of the law authoriz
ing the construction of the building over
$6,000,000 has been spent In its construc
tion, and local history tells that a goodly
proportion of that sum is represented in
numerous San Francisco fortunes rather
than in the building itself.
The hall is not yet built to the full in
tent of the original specifications, but the
Commissioners have decided that It is not
Just the right time to go to the Legisla
ture for more money, and the building
will be turned over as.lt is.
CANNED GOODS FOR MONTANA.
First Shipment of California Prod
ucts Is Sent North.
A train of fourteen cars left Oakland
Mole yesterday for Montana with canned
goods from the packing-house of Fontana
& Co. of this city. The goods were
shipped to the order of Walsh & Croft at
Butte. Before sending the order Walsh &
Croft corresponded with their customers
in the nortli and ascertained from thorn
the prospect of disposing of the consign
ment, which Includes peaches, pears,
plums, grapes, blackberries, cherries,
etc., put up in two-and-a-half pound cans
and In gallon cans, and an assortment of
choice jams and jellies.
Should this consignment of California
canned goods be .received with favor a
new market will pc ppened for the prod
ucts of the State.
WILL DOFF THE UNIFORM.
The Sixth California Regiment to Be
Mustered Out This Morning.
The Sixth Regiment of California
Volunteers, located at For^ Point, will be
mustered out of the Federal service to
day between the hours of 11 in the morn
ing and 2 in the afternoon. The Sixth
was the first California regiment to be
mustered into Uncle Sam's service, as it
the first to be mustered out.
A banquet was given Captain Henry C.
Danes, the mustering out officer, yester
day afternoon by his subordinate officers
at the officers' mess at Fort Point. The
affair was strictly military, but from the
expressed appreciation of many who at
tended the menu deviated considerably
from hard tack and coffee.
At the conclusion of the banquet an in
teresting address was delivered by Lieu
tenant Colonel W. R. Johnson.
POLICE STOP THE FIGHT.
Maloney Nearly Knocks Out Higgina
at Mission Athletic Club
Entertainment.
The Mission Athletic Club gave it 3 first
entertainment last evening at 3293 Mis
sion street before a crowded house.
W. Ensbury got a well merited decision
over William Haskins in a six-round con
test, and Sergeant Blank put a stop to the
Paddy Maloney and James Hlggine bout
In the fifth round, when Maloney had his
opponent staggering all over the ring.
Higgins Is the pugilist who was knocked
out by an Olympic Club boxer a few
evenings ago at the San Francisco Ath
letic Club's entertainment.
Bar Association Officers.
The Bar Association has nominated the
following 1 officers for the year 1899: Presi
dent, William H. Fifleld; secretary, Wil
liam J. Herrln; treasurer, John M. Bur
nett; senior vice president, A. C. Free
man; junior vice president, A. Comte; cor
responding secretary, Frank Otis; trus
tees—Alfred Wheeler, W. C. Graves, Jo
seph Hutchinson. George W. Towle dr.
and T. Z. Blakeman; committee on ad
missions—E. H. Rixford, Warren Olney
J. B. Mhoon, Vincent Neale, S. G. Kel
logg, "W. A. Plunkett and C. A. Pome
roy.
Jealousy Was ths Causa.
The police are convinced that Mrs. Sel
inger was murdered by her husband.
Last evening Detectiv-e Wren had an in
terview "with Selinfcer, but he refused to
commit himself. At times he raves as it
his mind was giving way under the strain,
but the police are inclined to believe ho
is shamming insanity. The neighbors of
the dead woman say that her husband
was jealous of her, even to the extent of
accusing her of being- too friendly with
other men. A boy named Rossor heard
the couple quarreling the night before the
murder. Selinger. who seemed to be in
a rage at that time, threatened to shoot
his wife.
These warning symp-
toms, and if you have
any of them you should
learn about Hudyan
and its remarkable
cures. You can write
to us or' consult the
doctors.
READ
READ
READ
READ
READ
Hudyan Cures Nervous Debility.
Here are some of the symptoms :
Do you feel weak ?
Have you coIJ feet?
Have you backache?
Do you shun society?
Are you losing flesh?
Do you sleep poorly?
Are you low spirited ?
Are your eyes sunken?
Do you have hot flushes?
Have you ringing in the ears?
Is your memory very poor?
Do you have sick headaches?
Have you noticed a diminution of your
powers?
Have you noticed a premature weak-
ness?
If you have these or a, few of
these symptoms it would be well
for you to learn about the great
Hudyan remedy treatment.
Hudyan cures when all others
fail to cure. This is a good oppor-
tunity for you. Write for
Circulars and Testimonials.
Hudson Medical Institute,
Stoctton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
BAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
No one "c*an give you Hudyan
but Hudson Institute.AN ANNUAL
MEETING OF
THE MAYORS
The Cities Will Go to
the Capital.
SEEK NEEDED LEGISLATION
LEAGUE OF CALIFORNIA MU
NICIPALITIES.
Permanent Organization and Election
of Officers in Pioneer Hall for
the First Conven
tion.
Up to the next Legislature will march
In a solid body the Mayors of the State.
In other words, the municipalities of Cal
ifornia -will seek fur legislation on the
very threshold of the slow-grinding mills
Mayor D. O. Druffel of
Santa Clara.
r.f law. Some want new measures nn
water works, others on city lights and
still others want street nets, while all are
praying- for something- like a uniform s.>t
of laws under which to live and have
ihf ir being. It is a revolution of the cities
rif the lesser magnitude against a condi
tion that withholds from them the bless
ings that come to the larger cities, and
which turns them backward in the march
of progress.
The moving spirit of the idea in this
State Is Mayor D. O. Druffel of Santa
Clara. H« communicated with the bffi- |
rial heads of the cities and large towns,
nnd the result was a call for a convention
• held ii« San Francisco on December
1! of this year, t" last several days.
"The crying need of the municipalities
of California," said Mr. Druffel yester
day, "is clearer it' not better Jaw for (he
Jittle places. The acts ihat have been
passed in this relation have brought no
relief, but instead in every case have been
and are a hardship. I refer to the Vroo
man and the bond act. Legislation on j
streets, water and light ownership we!
must nave, and to secure these wants we |
have formed the League of California
Aiunicipaiitles."
1 he convention was called to order by
Mayor Druffel in Pioneer Hall yesterday
morning. J. W. Richards, a City Trustee
of Berkeley, was made temporary enair- i
man and H. A. Mason or Santa Clara I
temporary secretary. The following dele
gates were present :
Berkeley, J. \V. Richards (City Trus
■•• ' «. U Eianscome, B. A. Hayne W
S. Williams; Red Bluff. C. Albright :
Santa Barbara. K. M. Burke (Mayor) Dr
Fillmore Moore; >lerced. W. H' Turner
(City Trustee), C. \\. Agee; Alameda, B.
> . Lamborn. ]•:. K. Taylor; San Fran
cisco. J. D. Phelan (Mayor), C. W. Fay
Petaiuma, M. Walsh (City Trustee) C
A Jackson; San Mateo, C. M. Moore (City
Trustee), C. N. Kirkbride; Los Gatos R
A. Kobertson; Aevada City, T. H. Carr
c Ity Trustee) J. F. Hook; Santa
Clara, D. O. Druffel (Mayor), H. A.
Mason; Salin;t.-. Charles Francee
(Mayor); Palo Alto. 3. Hutchinson; Los
Angeles, M. P. Snvder (Mayor). Other
will be represented before the close I
of th< c >m ention.
The following was adopted as the con
stitution of the league:
The purposes of tnis organization shall
be to promote a systematic collection of
information relating to municipal affairs; j
to Foster the exenange of suggestions be
tween municipalities on matters of in
terest; to prepare and, so far as possible,
Influence legislation necessary to proper
municipal administration and growth,
and t>- generally Interest the public in and
advocate all ideas tending to bring the ,
munictpalil ilifornia abreast of
the oost municipalities of the country.
Kaeh municipality shall have as many
delegates to the meetings of the organ
ization as it may desire. • • * The of
ficers shall consist of a president, first
and second vice presidents, secretary,
treasurer, executive, judicial, legislative
municipal improvement committee.
All officers to be elected at the annual
meeting and to serve without pay.
The first work of the convention in the
afternoon session was election of perma
nent officers. Mayor Phelan was elected
president. J- W. Richards of Berkeley
first vice president and \Y. H. Turner of i
Merced second vice president ; H. A. Ma
son of Santa Clara secretary and M. L.
Hanscome of Berkeley treasurer. Exec
utive committee— James Phelan, S.
Tlufhinson. B. f T.amhorn: legislative. ,
The Keelev Treatment
is the only help for the
man who drinks.
THE KEELEY INSTITUTES,
1170 Market Street, Sao Franci«oo
Donoboe Building,
Lankerahim Building, Third and
Spring St«.. Loa Angele*.
Fred A. Pollock, Manager.
HAD A WINE APPETITE
Frank Ricardo Charged With Swindling a
Number of Liquor Dealers,
FRANK RICARDO, whose
appetite for champagne
caused him to be arrested
on several charges of
misdemeanor, still lan
guishes In a cell in the City
Prison. Yesterday his case
was called in the Police Court,
and again continued. It is said
that other and more serious
charges will be placed against
Ricardo in a few days. His
alleged schc-me was to tele
phone to some grocer, and
after representing that he was
connected with the Press Club
or some other well-known or
ganization, order a case of
champagne. He would remain
outside of the club building
until the grocer or his clerk
showed up with the wine, and
after signing for it inform his
victim that he would settle the
bill the following day. Ricardo
would then take the wine to
his room, where he and his
friends would drink it. He
became so bold in his opera
tions that the police were no
tified and a concerted effort made to catch him.
(Mi November 17 Goldberf?. Bowen & Co. received a message from
the Cosmos Club for a sudplv of wine. Suspecting that the message
came from Ricardo, they at once telephoned to the California-street
station for an officer. The wine was given to a messenger boy to be
delivered, and accompanied by the policeman he started for the
headquarters of the club.
In front of the building was Ricardo waiting for the boy. He was
promptly placed under arrest and taken to police headquarters.
Since then the police have ascertained that he has worked at least a
dozen Srma in the same manner.
Another scheme of his was to telephone to a well-known club,
and after representing that he was a certain member, order a number
of bottles of wine sent to his room. He successfully worked this
scheme on several clubs.
committee— E. M. Burke of Santa Bar
bara. T. H. Carr of Nevada City, C. N.
Kirkbride of San Mateo, C. A. Jacobson
of Petaiuma; committee on municipal re
form-c w. Age, of Merced, I>. <>. Druf
fel of Santa Clara. Charles Francee of
Salinas. The judiciary committee is com
posed of live City Attorneys, as follows:
B. A. Hayne of Berkeley. S. Hutchinson
of Palo Alto. E. K. Taylor of Alameda,
C. N. Kirkbride of San Mateo and R. A.
Robertson of Los Gatos.
Mayor Phelan invited his brother dele
gates to visit the park, cliff House and
other places of interest in the city, in
cluding the Baldwin ruins, to-morrow.
The Merchants' Association was invited
! to attend the sessions of the convention.
■ and an invitation to visit the Hopkins Asrt
: Gallery was accepted.
The programme for to-day's session will
be as follows; Address, Mayor Phelan;
"Our Streets," Richard Freud: "Legisla
tive Suggestions," Joseph Hutchinson:
"City Assessments." Dr. Washington
Dodge; "Public Control." B. F. Lamborn;
"Libraries." C. L. Wilier; "Wrangles."
Mayor Thomas of Oakland; "Vrooman
Act." M. Walsh; "I'ar.cs." B. F. Robert
son; "City Engineering," C. K. Moore;
i "Public Schools." D. J. Sullivan; "Gov
ernment," F. W. Dohrmann; "Municipal
Water Works." T. H. Carr: "A City
Without a Cent." W. .1. Richards; "Rep
resentative Legislation." K. K. Taylor.
The convention adjourned to moot in
Pioneer Hall at 10 o'clock this forenoon.
CAPTAIN MURPHY RETURNS.
He Has Only Words of Praise for the
Efficiency of Colonel James
F. Smith.
Captain Edward Murphy, former assist
ant adjutant general on the staff of Brig
adier General H. G. Otis, returned from
Manila on the Australia, and is at the
Palace. Tie will leave this week for his
home in New York, and on the 31st of the
month will be mustered out of the service.
Captain Murphy is in excellent health and
DISGRACED HIS UNIFORM.
Policeman Cassius Blackman and Frank H.
Rood, a Saloon-Keeper, Arrested on a
Charge of Grand Larceny.
POLICEMAN CABSIUB BLACK MAN
and -Frank H. Rood, v saloonkeeper
at Sixteenth and Valencia streets,
were booked at the City Prison yes-
terday afternon on a charge of grand
larceny. They are accused of stealing $ISO
from Cornelius Cronin. an old section
foreman for the Southern Pacific at Boe
war&i Nev. Cronin arrived l:i the city on
December 8 to see a sick sister and regis
tered at t lie Royal House 0:1 Ellis street.
Monday night he was accosted by a man
In front of the Golden West Hotel, and
after having two or three drinks tlit^y
went to the Olympia. Then they went to
a saloon on Market street, between Pow
ell and Kearny. where the stranger
struck him three times and he yelled for
help, as lie thought the man intended to
rob him. The man ran away and another
man who was In the saloon Induced him
to go into a hack to take him home. They
drove around for some time till the man
hit him on the nose and attempted to rob
him. He Jumped out of the hack where
there were some trees and walked along.
He thought the man was following him,
and when he came to a policeman he
asked his protection. The policeman took
him to Rood's saloon and made him give
hli; money, $255, to Rood for safety,
threatening to lock him up unless he did
THI^ SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBEB 15, 1898.
is glad to get back. He left Manila on
November 15 on the Scandia and came to
Honolulu, where he took the Australia.
Captain Murphy does not hesitate to say
that the regular and volunteer troops are
opposed to the annexation of the Philip
pines, which ho declares will be a post of
isolation and one that will require great
diplomacy on the part of this Government
to hold and keep out of .trouble with the
other powers.
He has only words of praise for Colonel
Smith of the First California Regiment.
Captain Murphy says Colonel Smith is
considered one of the most efficient officers
now in Manila. At present he commands
the Second Brigade of McArthur's di
vision.
The health of the troops Captain Mur
phy says is bad. When he left, out of a
garrison <>!' 13,500 men, 1000 were in the
hospital and ximi were sick in quarters,
making over 14 per cent of the entire gar
rison unable to do duty. Much of the
sickness Captain Murphy attributes to
the exceses of the men. who eat and
drink anything they wish. He says It re
quires great care on any person's part to
keep in good health in Manila. The place
is full of malaria, and the soldiers—especi
ally the volunteers— do not seem to take
care of their health.
LurJine Salt Water Baths,
Bush an<] Larkln sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub laths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
Echoes From the War With Spain.
The first of the eleventh annual course
of Lick lectures was inaugurated last
evening at Pioneer Hall by James W. Er
win. president of the California Camera
Club, witli the subject of "Echoes From
the War With Spain." A complete and
Interesting collection of characteristic
scenes, both on the battlefield and in the
towns of Manila and Santiago, were pro
s' -nteil. They furnished an accompani
ment to the description given by Mr. Kr
win.
Ladies' tailor-made suits. Fur capes, cloaks,
credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutter st.. r. 6 and 7.
fo. He wns then taken to the Valencia,
Hotel, 718 Valencia street, by the police
man and Rood and the policeman took
him to a bedroom and put him to bed.
Shortly after the policeman woke- him
up and took him back to Rood's saloon,
where he was compelled to take $73 and
was told to get away from there as
quickly as possible. He later went to the
Seventeenth-street station and reported
the case.
August Schwartz, clerk in the Valencia
Hotel, and Special Officer D. Murphy cor
roborate the old man's story In regard to
Blackman and Rood being with him and
being warned by Blackman to keep their
mouths shut. Both Blackman and Rood
deny their guilt, Blackman asserting that
It Is a case of mistaken Identity and Rood
asserting that the old man only gave him
$75 and he has witnesses to prove It.
Rood has only been in the saloon business
for a month, having previously been em
ployed as special officer by the Milkmen's
Association. Blackman has been on the
force since October 6, 1891. January this
year he was fined $50 by the Police Com
missioners for reporting on duty while
.under the Influence of liquor. The two
men were arrested by Captains Seymour
and Gillen on a complaint sworn to yes
terday by Cronin before Judge Mogan.
CAVALLO WAS
SOMEWHAT OF
A SURPRISE
Turned Up a Winner
at 30 to I.
SLOPPY GOING AT INGLESIDE
RENO TOOK THE PALACE HOTEL
STEEPLECHASE.
Morellito Was First in the Handicap.
Lord Marmion Had His Old-
Time Specd — Favorites Four
Times First.
As a rule some very warm things In
the racing line are unloaded in umbrella
time at the tracks, and between splashes
the crowd at Ingleside yesterday indulged
in some fancy gambling. The going was
sloppy, but not until the final number did
the expected long shot come to life. Then
Cavallo, with George Snider up, tripped
in first, backed from 30 down to 10. Four
of the other events fell to favorites in the
betting.
The Palace Hotel handicap for timber
toppers over the short steeplechase course
was the special attraction offered. It was
a noisy and very nervous betting thing.
Reno, this time ridden by T. Murphy, the
best of Andy Blakeley's aggregation,
finally closed favorite and won after mak
ing all the running. San Carlos was a
good second. Huntsman came to grief at
one of the jumps, shaking Shepard up
badly. While he was recovering the ani
mal was remounted by J. Boyd and took
third money. Jazebel was heavily played, i
but at the far corner jump both horse and
Jockey, Ellison, came to grief. It was a
sad accident; both escaped without in
jury. The more we have of these steeple
chase arrangements the more popular rac
injj will become in Manila when ti.at
country becomes civilized from a sporting
standpoint.
Barney Schrelfter's filly Good Hope was
the heaviest played of the two-year-olds
in the opening scramble. Ward messed
matters about, getting up In time to fin
ish second to Clarando, a 4V« to 1 chance,
ridden by Jones. Banewor was third.
Ed Corrigan's gelding Major Hooker
captured the mile selling run for maidens
in a common gallop, with 7 to 2 offered
and refused about him. Sokombeo got the
place from the fast-coming Majesty.
The mile handicap was a good betting
event, resulting in Morellito being sent
to the post favorite. Mat Storm's very
useful colt headed his company on the
back stretch and led Topmast out by six
lengths in 1:42^. Morlnga took the show
honors from Highland Ball.
J. McManus' brown colt Lord Marmion
was possessed of all his old-time speed,
and th<; seven furlong run was easy for
him. He was a 6 to 5 chance, and made a
runaway race of it. Hard ridden, David j
Tenny secured the place from First Call/
Everybody bet on Wyoming to win the
last event, and, backed from 6 to 5 to 7 to
10, the big horse ran third. The outsider
Cayallo got up the last sixteenth anu in
a drive led Gratify out by a length or
more.
To-Day's Entries.
First Ra^e — Eleven-sixteenths of a mile; sell
inn; two-year-olds:
340 Elizabeth R 105! 331 Silver 8eaux.. ..103
... Merry Heart. ...107 34$ Leiter 106
331 Dunpralse 108 ... Elsln 108
349 Judge Wofford.. 98 32K Rosebeau 107
348 Hoardman 1061 ... The Fretter 110
... Master Buck.... 103 1
Second Race — One and a quarter miles; sell
ing; three-year-olds and up;
(344) Red Glenn 104 34S G. B. Morris 110
:<44 I >r. Bernays ... 95 344 Lady Hurst 104
34 S Tenrica 951 344 Lena 107
344 Bernardillo 104 1 356 Pripce Blazes... lol
Third Race— Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds and up:
330 New Moon 107 I (300) Ed Gartland 11.106
... Gov Sheehan....llo 3f.S Highland 8a11. .109
350 Pat Morrtssey . . 1 1 1 2ss Caspar 112
264 Mainstay 112 K 347) Yemen lu9
Fourth Race— .Five and a half furlongs; sell
ing; four-year-olds and up:
33« Ricanio 1»7 1 253 Reddlngton 107
337 Kai Moi 107 ...Joe Mussle ....110
351 Sweet William.. HO 240 Don Fuluno. .. :.U0
351 Kamsin 107
Fifth Race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up:
332 Rosormonde lOfi <3">l)Joe L'llman 11l
... Ben Doran 105 ... Montgomery ...111
353 Valenclenne 3'.t 304 Murlncl 109
Sixth Race — One mile; selling; three-year-olds
and upward:
2BS Lodestar 1091 329 Baliverso 100
239 Tom Calvert....lO3| 316 Beau M0nde. ...103
354 Ping 1031 356 Paul Kruger 103
260 Heigh Ho 101 344 Myth 109
251 Hazard 109 350 Hohenlohe 103
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Silver Beaux, Kosebeau, Eliza
beth R.
Second Race— Red Olenn, Bernardillo, Lady
Hurst.
Third Race— Yemen. Pat Morrissey. Ed Cart
land.
Fourth Race— Ricardo, Reddington, Sweet
William.
Fifth Race— Ben Doran, Montgomery. Valen
cienne.
Sixth Race— Lodestar. 'Tom Calvert, Myth.
CHAMPIONSHIP GOES
TO BELMONT'S TEAM
The Lowell High School Succumbs
After a Hard Game Fought Out
in the Mud and Rain.
Belmont G, Lowell 0.
In mud and diminutive lakes the Bel
mont eleven wrested a victory from the
I,owells yesterday and thereby decided
the championship of the Amateur Aca
demic league for the football season of
IS9B. All the enthusiasm that the stu
dents of either institution could get to
gether was bottled up, carried to Recre
ation Park and let loose from time to
time In yells and whoops and screechings
unholy.
The mud of the gridiron wast of a soft,
oozing, mucilaginous consistency, which
soon destroyed all differences of facial
characteristics and left the players brown
plastered individuals. Tearing down tne
field the Belmonters by a ska,te or two
in the mud and by a stiff sidestroke
through the lakes carried the ball to
Lowell's one-yard line. But this was as
far as - Belmont went. A fumble at the
most critical moment . gave the pigskin
to the San Franciscans and it was kicked
out of danger. Neither side scored in the
first half.
In the second half the fierce playing be
gan.' Both teams wanted victory from the
soles of their wet feet to the crowns of
their mud-caked heads, and heavy marsh
and sea fighting was the order of the
battle. Back and forth the rushers ragei
until Belmont had the ball on the five
yard line of Lowell. Again were they
held and the High School boys got the
ball. It was passed to Hooper for a punt
out of danger. Hooper's drive was low
and the Belmont rushers broke through
blocking the kick. A mass of human mud
fell on the ball and Belmont had the only
touchdown of the day. Story kicked &
goal and the score read 6—o, at which it
stood until the close of the game.
The teams lined up as follows:
Lowell. Positions. Belmont.
K1dd....;..... Center ...... ............... .CarV
C00k...... ....Right Guard Cartwright
Irwln Left Guard Stillnian
Rooney ...Right -Tackle .....l.Croll
Middleton ...... Left Tack1e........; Stow
Ol well Right End ....... Sherman
J.#witt.... ....Left End...... Sefton
Milton.. Quarter Story
Robinson Right Ha1f..............; Hough
Saunders...........Left Half .......... Klrkpatrick
H00per...... ......Fu11back ;.....;... ;.. Reid
• ♦ ■ -
; Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017 1023 Mission.
■ . - : . -■ • ■ »i- i J ■■ ■• ■• . • ■ ■:■-.-■■- .- .- -^ ■
T7fo£/£>A/EDffio/f j
Pi % — rf^rT^y* tC^^^*' * .y. '^ <^^^^^*^^T^* r^^ fc^^ ** Tf. <^ < ii l^j" —£--—'* ' " '^j '^-su^.- * t . *n fly
B \S^ iSQifK Stories By
& \o> 1590 ANTHONY HOFE. -L M
e7T~iwwi '" mi'-'I BRET HARTE, , i~' J-M
-0 I 'M " _ -r . OCTAVE THANET, Vim
I L. ARTHUR QUILLER COUCH-"Q," / 1 ■■
I j( |f ROBERT DUNCAN MILNE '') T I
nil . ft ........... and others. a
IB ifl'C ' /I* 13
I. t'lj^lf, m Story of Christ in Half Tones. i'fl
■jb^l" —CHRISTMAS SERMONS-- j|
t^J«^ a-- CHRISTMAS in BETHLEHEM ),(■
J M« >^ <^\."(tT ByJ:J.TISSOT,th.F.m.u.Arti.t, |-J|'
t it fflifflll^ i \ ' GOOD DISHES SI HOLIDAYS ( jl
fj^r^jßra| (Wl^li m\ l < J)n By well-known housewives. '| (
fi Hn-^P r" ■] ' MRS. FRANK LESLIE I j
WfffiMWMB^IHI^HI •''."fl Viii WRITES ABOUT HER 'i"
flUfl 'V- RECENT TRIP THROUGH SPAIN I'
wmmmmM mm as a sc i ooiboy "— i '-I
8( I \^^a''' : 'n&^^'" P'/ THE FUTURE OF OUR STATE '•- I
|S| i ' } i B^^l \ v^7 j sHj
h \ I w 3H Hr ■ / I ■
Ed 1)(_!3 •n i ' x ' EH
I y4DV£R77S£/?S /wstgst://J~ ill -I
I Ii -7v/^v/r> copy ' 'J
1 ;-v AT & fZ&t j I
I JEhzcfai/. Oecember 16. I
I 75 /ASJS&A?T/OA/ /A/ Tt//S £&/7*/OA/, I
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK, Wednesday, Dec. 14, 1898.— Fifteenth
day of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track
sloppy.
EDWIN F. SMITH, Presiding Judge.
JAMES F. CAL.DWELL, Starter.
355
FIRST RACK— Five furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse. $400.
Index. Horse.
Weight.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
(31S) Clarando 106 5
338 Good Hope 101 1
S'J6 Banewor 101 3
321 Rio Chlco 101 6
174 Key Hooker 108 8
267 Stamina 104 4»
343 Fellclte 103 2
Ml CmtJii 103 7
1 1
3 4
2 2
6 4
8
6 4
4 U
7J
14
3 »i
2 h
< -4
7 2
5 1
6 3
S
1 14
2 2
3 1
4 4
5 1
6 1
7 2
8
1 n
2 3
3 1
4 h
6 4
6 4
7 6
8
■>'. W<
rd
}ds
damp ..
5-2 9-2
8-5 i
5 20
8-5 11-5
5 7
8 20
20 25
25 100
r I
rr
in
.
" ini<-, 1:03. Winner, Caesar Youngs b. f. by Cli.iendon-Voltando. Good start except. Rey
Hooker. Won first three driving.
It was a biff bang start and Clarando got the best of it. With an even break Rev
Hooker would ha\e rolled in. The headstall on Good Hope slipped, but she is another
exploded Eastern ••phenom." Rio Chico's speed, with his owner's valise, was lost in the
Hal.] win Hotel fire.
356
SECOND RACE— One mile; selling; maidens; three-year-olds and upward; purse.
$400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
lira.
4m.
%m.
Str. Fin.
J7l Major Hooker. 3. ...105 9
250 Sokombeo, 3 105 S
329 Majesty, 3 100 3
314 Brown Prince, 3.... 102 4
329 l»-nant, 3 IDE 10
:«7 l>i>mo. 1 IWI
2:,3 Granger, E 1091 6
S3? Paul Kruger, 3 103, 2
S4S Henry C, 3 103JU
257 Filou. 4 U2f 1
315 Dutch Valet, 4 109! 5
2 h
1 2
6 1
3 1
8 M
7 M
10 i 2i 2
5 1
11
4 1
9 4
2 2 14
in 2 2
53 4 2
4 1 3 11
t> 3 6 3
74 T 1
11 8 4
3 1 " ••■_.
81 9 4
10 4 10
9 4 11
1 6
2 4
3 1
4 h
5 2
6 2
7 2
8 8
9 2
10 5
11 t
Martin
8-5
4
4
6
20
8
20
6
20
10
20
7-2
5
10
60
6
40
6
50
20
25
-ncr
Ly
Powell
rrigan
llman
Narvaez. ..
luchamp ..
iwley
les
Imes
Time 1:17 Winner, E. Corrigan's eh. g. by Joe Hooker-Addle O'Neil. Good start. Won
en-.il>. Second and third driving.
Major Hooker had a frolic. Sokombeo, and especially Majesty, showed marked
improvement. Paul Kruger finished fourth.
357
THIRD RACE- Handicap steeplechase; short course; three-year-olds and upward;
Palace Hotel stakes; value, jIOOO. ,
Index. Horses. Age. Weight.
1 J.
3J. W. J.
L. J.
Str. Fin.
2.1~> Reno, a ]
235 S:in Carlos, 3
i •_■::•". I Huntsman, a
:',48 Durward, 4
... fiilverado. a
... Jazabel, 4
1
4
3
6
2
1 h
3 4
4 2
I
2 1
1 2
3 20
2 3
4
t
t
1 3
3 30
? 1
4
14 14
2 100 2
1 3
2
'. Murphy
'alms
hepard
2
10
5-2
30
20
13-5
icAuliffe ....
/enhart
:ilison
•Pulled up. fFell.
Time. 4:24-. Winner, L. H. Ezell's eh. g. by Jumbo-Sooner. Good start. Won easily.
Huntsman apparently had the race In hand when he fell or was thrown by Reno and
his pilot. The followers of Jockey Ellison will become organ grinders and hucksters in
time.
358
roniTii
; purse, JSOO.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.''
Km.
Str.
334 Morelllto, 3 1
340 Topmast. 5 ."..11
(252) MnrinKa. 3 1]
347 Highland Ball. 3...1C
rH Slorellito, 3 110| 1 3 1 3 1 11 11 16 !H. Martin.... 1 3-2
34G Topmast, 5 11S| 3 4 fS 88 2 14 jßullman 3 4
1
3
2
4
3 1
• 4
•2 2 •
l hi
3 1
4
2 h
1 h
1 1
3 3
2 4
1 1
3 8
2 h
4
1 6 <
2 14 i
3 15 i
4 |
1 3-2
3 4
3 13-5
5 7
[■•«!!) Moringa. 3 11212 2 2 2h 2 4 2h 3 15 IDevin 3 13-5
347 Highland Ball, 3. ■ .1031 4 14 In * 4 4_ ISpencer | 5 7
Time, l:42'i. Winner. M. Storn's b. c. by Morello-Miss Cromwell. Good start. Won
easily Second and third driving.
Morellito is rapidly climbing to the top of the ladder. Topmast displayed great game-
nes« but couldn't make it. Moringa might have performed better had Devin waited with
him.' Highland Hall has lost his form.
QKO FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
j I I Rettlm
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. (St. Hra. 4m. Km. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. jOp. C
Hm.
4m.
: %m.-
Str.
■>94 Lord Marmion, 3...1
.146 David Tenny. 4....1
(345) First rail, 3 1
323 Mix'orito, 3
304 W. "f Fortune, 6..V
339 Greyhurst. 4 1
3
4
1
6
2 3
3 h
1 h
4 1
5 10
6
1 3
3 h
2 \'i
4 4
5 15
6
14.
2 1
4 6 ,
3 2
5 15
■'■:.■ 6 ■■"'■ ■''
1 4
4 6
3 I
5 15
6
1 1 [Spencer
2 1 !H. Martin....
3 V< iTurner
4 6 IDevin
5 10 IBeauchamp ..
6 IBullman
6-5
3
10
12
6
6
6-5
3
12
50
7
8
Time, 1:30. Winner, J. McManus' br. c. by St. Carlo- Lady Marion. Good start except
Grevhurst Won handily. Second and third driving.
Marmion was ready money. Tenny was hard pressed. Mocorlto pounds better in the
mud and ran a slashing race. Wheel of Fortune lost a hub and three spokes.
360
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
>4m.
4m.
%m.
Str.
3rl Cavallo, 4 109 6 ... 24 3 5 310 11 Snider 6 10
262 Gratify, 5 109 1 .... 3 2 2 4 2 4 28 H. Martin.... 2 16-5
. Wyoming. 5 109J 3 ... 14 14 1 h 3 1 |n. Turner.... 6-5 4-3
351 Cherrystone, 6 11213 ... 6 5 3 5 4 4 3 J. McCarthy.. 30 100
3*o El Venado. 4 112 2 # ... 4 1 4 1 4 4 5 3 W. Narvaez.. 30 100
M Anabasis, 4 11214 ... 5h 6 6 6 E. Jones 6 15
314 Joan. 6 109 * ••• ••• ••• ... ... Freeman 4 g
172 Grandezla, 4 109| » ... ... ... ... ... Bullman 6 15
•Left.
Time. 1:174. Winner, F. Bean's b. g. by Imp. Cavalier-Jennie Oliver. Bad start. Won
first three driving.
Snider saved much ground with the winner by hugging the rail. Gratify looked a win-
ner at one stage. Wyoming was away last and Turner hustled him along too fast the
first part.
6
1
3 '.'.'.
I :::
*
2 4
3 2
P
4 1
! sh-
3 5
2 4
l 4
5 3
4 1
6
3 10
5 4
1 1
3 1
4 3
5 3
6
rtln....
•ner
arthy..
rvaez..
es
n
n
6 10
2 16-5
6-5 4-3
30 100
30 100
6 15
4 8
6 15
THE EMPIIU. GUN CLUB.
Sportsmen Who Have Been Elected
to Office — Good Shooting
on the Preserve.
The Empire Gun Club Is now enjoying
the best shooting of any gun club that is
located on the Sonoma marshes and the
members expect that the sport will be
greatly Improved by the much-needed
rain. The following letter from Its secre
tary speaks for itself:
To the Sporting Editor of The Call— My Dear
Sir: I beg to inform you that the election of
officers of the Empire Gun Club for the en
suing year, held on Tuesday evening last, re
sultrd In the following: President, A. M.
Shields: vice president. Dr. C K. Parent;
manager, J. Peltier; secretary. J. B. Haver;
sergeant at arms, T. J. I^ewis- enptin, J. I*.
Hazen; board of governors. Dr. F. Cornwall,
J. P. Sweeney and J. B. Haver.
I desire also to state that the shooting on our
preserves near Bla<*k Point is now very good
and that the sixteen members who visited the
grounds on Sunday last all returned with
satisfactory strings of birds. Mr. Durst being
the most successful, however, with a bag of
twenty-four. These were a mixed lot of teal,
mallard, sprig, canvasback and widgeon. Toura
very truly. J. B. HAUER.
Secretary Empire Gun Club.
OPEN EVENINGS.
Beautiful
HOLIDAY
GOODS
Pictures, Statuary, Vases,
* - Ornaments, French and
Dresden Cabinets, Onyx
Pedestals and Tables, ,
Lamps, Art Novelties,
Fine
Crockery and Glassware
S. & G. GUMP
113 Geary St.
TO SKEPTICAL ASTHMATICS.
. The truly marvelous euros of Asthma
which have already been effected by Dr.
Rudolph Schiffmann certainly call for
notice. His preparation, (Schiffmann'a
Asthma Cure) not only gives instant re-
lief in the most stubborn and obstinate
cases, but positively cure, in* proof of
which hear . what the Town Clerk at
Cavalier,' N. D., Mr. W. Sererus, 1 says:
"I was troubled with asthma for twenty
years, about eight years ago I started }
to use your Asthma Cure, and have not
had an attack for six years." :..;--
Packages of Schiffmann's Asthma
Cure may be obtained of all druggists
for 50c and $1 00 per package, or .by
writing direct to Dr. R. Schiffmann,
box 804, St. Paul. Minn.
RUPTURE.
W^Srl /-/" JW USE NO MORE IRON
flßttttm^HS^ Hoops or Steel Springs
- I^BBg* '• Rupture retained with ease
|>mß^ and comfort, anri thousands radi-
■; /ML oally CURED by DR. PIERCE"S
. » /S * Magnetic Elastic Truss. (C? Call at :
■ office or write for New Pamphlet No. I.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO., *
620 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco,
56
THURSDAY DECEMBER 15, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts-. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS .217 to 22! Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCI«CO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY^ Is
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per mo.ntb
65 cents.
THE' WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 18S. World Bulldinft
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rifills House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hcyes street, open until
930 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock- i
194; Mission street, open ur;tl! 10 o'clock- 2291 Market '.
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2510 '
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh) J
street, open urjtll 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 920 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana i
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
4 MUSEHEMTA
1 UimWa— "A Parlor Match."
'rnla — "T'ncle i!ob."
A\> .: . ima."
■
Vs— "Temptation of Money."
< trpheum — Vaudeville.
Comedy— "The South Before the War."
The Cbatea — GorriUa man. vaudeville and the roo.
Olympia- Corner Mason and Eddy streets, specialties
But re' b Bathp— Swimming.
Me hanics 1 Pavilion— Charity Bazaar.
Ineleslde Race Track— Races to-day.
Ide Courting Park— Coursing Saturday and Sunday.
Rosenthal — Coming In l.>ecember.
— ==j
AUCTION SALES.
By G. H. I'mhsen & Co.— Monday. December 19, at 12
o'clock. Real Estate at 14 Montgomery st.
THE WAR STAMP TflX CASES,
IF United States Circuit Judge Morrow desires to ren
tier the public a service in connection with the war
revenue stamp cases, which were submitted to him
en Tuesday, he will not let them get tangled up with
the application of the Attorney General to the local
c>u:!> for a writ of mandate. As in all cases where
attempts have been made to force the express compa
pay their war taxes by mandamus, the pro
ceeding of the Attorney General involves jurisdic
tional questions entirely foreign to the main issue.
! thoc suits have actually been dismissed
without ever reaching the merits of the litigation.
The Attorney General has already been turned down
by the State Supreme Court, and his application for
mandate to the Superior Court, having been trans
ferred to Judge Morrow's tribunal, cannot in the na
ture of things uive rise to anything but a debate over
whether or not the Federal courts can issue man
damus to compel the performance of duties enjoined
by State laws. While this is going on the public is
paying the war tax and the express companies are
paying attorney^ fees.
We do not positively assert that the people are be
ing robbed in this matter, but five courts have al
ready so decided, and the Attorney General of the
United States, one of his assistants, and the Com
missioner of Internal Revenue, have agreed' with
them. What the people now want Judge Morrow to
do is to tell them frankly whether or not he thinks all
these gentlemen have taken a correct view of the law.
The people have great faith in his legal learning, in
tegrity and perspicacity, and whatever he says upon
the subject, irrespective of what the Gircuit Court of
Appeals may say, will go far toward satisfying them.
In other words, the people look to Judge Morrow
to decide the question submitted in the Benhatn and
Johnson cases immediately.
Whatever the result, probably an appeal will be
taken, but Judge Morrow need not consider that. The
controverted point has been placed squarely before
him in the cases referred to, and the litigants are en
titled to the benefit of his opinion. If it shall turn
cut that in his judgment the patrons of Wells, Fargo
& Co. are required by law to pay this war tax. they
will have the satisfaction of knowing that the subject
has received the careful consideration of another con
scientious jurist, entirely free from embarrassing law
points and jurisdictional questions.
There is another point in connection with the
mingling of the Bcnham and Johnson cases with the
Attorney General's application for mandate which
should be considered. Mr. Fitzgerald retires from
office on January 2. and his successor. Mr. Ford, may
take an altogether different view of the law. He may
conclude that mandate is not the remedy and aban
don the ca=e. Judge Morrow should not await the
event of any such contingency as this. If the war
revenue law requires Wells. Fargo & Co. to pay this
tax. the people of Calfornia are being robbed of up
ward of $10,000 a month, and it is important that a
conclusion should be reached as speedily as possible.
When a man's pocket is being picked he is anxious to
know whether or not the process is legal. The
fleeced patrons of the express company will sleep bet
ti r after Judge Morrow rules, even though he rule
against them.
MR. MAGUIRE'S LONG RANGE LETTER
JUDGE MAGUIRE has written a very longi
tudinal letter to Father Vorkc, who is many
meridians of longitude distant, on the subject
of the hitter's appearance in the recent campaign.
All that Judge Majxuire puts in this too. too long
letter is summed up in the statement that it is to ius
ti;y his book on Ireland and the Pope, in which he
calls the Pope "the serpent of the Vatican" because
he forbade Irish priests to take a part in poli
tics. Maguire contended that the priests should be
free to go into politics. But in the same letter he
roundly abuses Father Yorke for going into politics,
and says. "I have a feeling, and a strong feeling,
against clerical interference in politics."
From all of this tiresome torrent of words we arc
only able io gather that Judge Maguire believes in
clerical interference in politics when it is for his side,
but when it is against him it is an outrage.
As he has lined up with the Pope in deprecating
political interference in politics, let him take to him
self also the reptilian character he ascribed to Leo
XIII and then quiet himself.
The Chronicle publishes an excellent picture of
somebody and labels it "General Brooke." As it
represents a good-looking man, Brooke has no rea
son for complaint.
So many young women jump from ferry-boats as
to suggest that the crew keep watch and essay to
cherk the manifest tendency to climb the rail.
THE SA]S" FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1898.
TbJE VfILUE OF THE PHILIPPINES.
OX December 2 this news telegram was sent
from Vancouver, B. C: "Advices from New
South Wales say that the steamer Culgon has
sailed from .Sydney with a cargo of provisions for
Rear Admiral Dewey's ileet at Manila. The cargo
consists of 5000 carcasses of mutton, 250 of lambs, 81
tons of onions, 125 tons of potatoes and 22 tons of
carrots."
This reminds the country not only of the incapacity
of the Philippines to furnish a food supply for our
navy and garrisons, but that the islands belong to a
different and distant system and lie nearer to other
productive countries than to us. This supply of food
for our navy is the first expansion of commerce felt
since we demanded possession of that archi
pelago, but it does not expand the trade of
San Francisco. Its benefits go to Sydney and
to the stock men and farmers of Australia,
while our stock men and farmers pay the taxes which
buy the cargo. The New York Tribune, commenting
on it. says: "The Philippines are 7000 miles away,
far nearer to other great powers or their possessions
than to us, and belonging to the commercial and
geographical system of another continent."
Their conquest presents features repugnant to
American sentiment and antagonistic to American
prosperity. What they produce in sugar, hemp, rice
and tnbncco enters into direct competition with the
production of American farmers, while climate and
distance seem to forbid that American farmers shall
supply ever, the army and navy stores needed to feed
tlic large force by land and sea which must watch and
tend them.
If we can force labor in the cane fields of the Phil
ippines as Spain did, those fields can readily crush
out sugar production at home. What that will mean
may be estimated by a study of our beet sugar pro
duction in the United States.
There are over twenty beet sugar factories in this
country, which produce this year 120,000,000 pounds
of refined sugar. In 1894 only five of these were in
operation, and their production was only 44,886.000
pounds. The industry has flourished and advanced
here faster than in any other country where it has
been established. In 1889 its production was only
4.000,000 pounds; the increase since then is 116.000,
000 pounds, in nine years.
It took France twenty years to reach a production
of 100.000,000 pounds of beet sugar. We have exceeded
it in nine years. This has been done by free, white, vol
untary labor in the fields and factories. It has added a
valuable crop for rotation to American farms.
The Republican platform of 1896 said: "We con
demn the Democratic administration for not keeping
faith with the sugar producers of the United States.
The Republican party favors such pr6tection as will
lead to the production on American soil of all the
sugar which the American people use, and for which
we are sending abroad annually more than $100,000,
000 to foreign countries."
The soil of the United States in 1896 was conti
nental soil. The labor to produce thereon all the
sugar consumed by our people was American white
labor, paid at white rates.
That party pledge is not kept by going forth on the
altruistic warpath and coming home loaded with spoils
in the shape of tropical islands, which can produce
every pound of sugar we use, which can do this with
the involuntary labor of the tropics, paid on a scale
that would starve voluntary white labor at home.
Well may the American farmer and laborer ask
what stake they have in imperialism when it obsoletes
the use of. their land and destroys the wages of their
labor, without even the compensating advantage of
furnishing mutton and potatoes to our imperial mili
tary establishment, required to hold our new posses
sions in subjection.
Perhaps no part of the country is hit harder by this
policy than California. The peculiarities of our cli
mate limit annual crops for rotation. We have much
soil adapted to the sugar beet that is not fitted for
other annual crops until beet culture has subdued its
refractory elements. The beet came to us as a reve
lation and blessing. Wherever sugar factories have
been planted community life has taken on a fresh im
pulse, lands have acquired a new value, commerce
has extended its operations and its profits, and the
commonwealth has gained. If all this be canceled
those responsible for its destruction will have a day
of settlement with the people.
OUR WINE IN MEXICO.
WE publish this morning a story from the Two
Republics of the City of Mexico to the effect
that thirty-three barrels of California wine
consigned to a dealer in that city have been seized re
cently by the Government officials and condemned on
the ground that the wine contained an admixture of
salicylic acid, which the Mexican authorities regard
as dangerous to health.
The story is given by the Two Republics with con
siderable detail and need not be repeated here. It
sufiices to say that the dealer in whose hands the wine
was seizedj makes no complaint of unfairness on the
part of the officials, but, on the contrary, declares that
an analysis made at his own instigation after the
seizure confirms the report of the officials and proves
that they were right in condemning the wine.
It is to be noted that the Two Republics adds that
the dealer who suffers in this case is not "the first
victim in Mexico of the contemptible business prac
ticed by California shippers in doctoring young wines
with salicylic acid." It gives the name of another
wine importing house that had a similar experience
about seven months ago, though not to so great an
extent as in the recent case.
This is a severe charge to be made against our wine
shippers, and it cannot be too promptly investigated.
The assertion that some of our dealers make a "prac
tice" of doctoring young wines with salicylic acid,
coming from a journal of such circulation as the Two
Republics, will seriously injure our trade unless it is
refuted, or the dishonest dealers so thoroughly ex
posed that they can no longer injure the general wine
trade of the State.
The importance of the issue can hardly be over
rated. Our wine industry is an expanding one. and
there is urgent need for an expanding market. Mex
ico and the other Spanish republics to the south of
us offer good opportunities for such a market, as
their populations are large consumers of wine. To
sacrifice that market for pure wine for the sake of
lotting some dishonest dealers make a profit out of
doctored wines would be a commercial blunder of the
first magnitude.
The issue is another phase of the old subject of pure
food laws. California is so large a producer of the
class of food articles known as luxuries, such as wine,
fruit preserves and olive oil, that she is seriously in
jured by every sort of food adulteration, and; unfor
tunately, their name is legion. A multitude of oils,
preserves, jellies, jams and wine, adulterated with
every mixture that cunning can devise arid greed make
use of, are sent abroad bearing California labels.
Against these our producers of pure foods and wines
have to contend, and the contest is a hard one.
However difficult it may be to deal with the prob
lem as a whole, it seems clear that in the special case
reported by the Two Republics something might be
done. The article gives the names of the dealer in the
City of Mexico and the shipper from California. The
opportunity for an investigation is therefore open.
The State Board of Trade, the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association, and the two associations
representing the wine industry and trade of the State,
should see if they cannot devise some system of pre
venting such wrongs as that complained of and pro
tect the credit of our wines in the Mexican market.
BEYOND THE REACH OF LOW.
EVERY day intensifies the belief that in the
School Board are men who .are rogues, whose
proper place would be the penitentiary, and
fitting garb the stripes of felons. The wantonness
and brazen impudence of their sinning cause aston
ishment to mingle with indignation, for they go about
unmolested, and in their faces is seen no blush of
shame. They act as those having no fear of conse
quences.
Perhaps this latter condition of mind is nothing
strange. When a set of men elected to high office de
liberately and systematically begin robbing the com
munity which had trusted them; when the result of
their villainy is made palpable through depleted funds,
unpaid teachers, schools suffering for supplies: when
there are authentic tales of bribery and plain evidence
of corruption in other directions, it would appear at
first glance that the people would be given an oppor
tunity at least of securing the poor redress of seeing
punishment meted out.
There is no sign that the recreant Directors will be
made to suffer nor to disgorge their loot. The Grand
Jury, a body organized for the discouragement of vice,
tackled the godless outfit, questioned, probed and
dropped the matter. Now we are gravely informed
that an indictment under the one-twelfth act would
not stand. Even so. are there no laws against theft?
Is not bribery a crime? Is conspiracy to rob no
offense to be dealt with? The public may accept as a
sorry fact the condition that this rotten board is to
escape punishment, but it will decline to accept it with
■an approving smile, or to believe that a larcenous
School Director is more entitled to immunity than is
the footpad, the burglar or the pickpocket, either one
of whom, as a member of the present board, would be
in a congenial atmosphere, cheek by jowl with those
of his own kind.
NOSTALGIA IN ThfE PHILIPPINES.
WITH signing of articles of peace there is no
doubt the lingering glamour of war departed.
The boys who sailed from this port last
June shouting their enthusiasm are homesick now.
They sigh lor the cool, green hills of California, the
breezes sweeping in from the sea, the banks of fo.g
billowing in through the Golden Gate.
Nobody can blame them. They are in an unlovely
land, where the climate is laden with malady, the food
not adapted to the needs of people of a temperate
growth, the work hard and onerous, devoid of glory,
remuneration or hope. They feel that they have done
their full duty. One of the soldiers, an ardent and
patriotic American, among the first to enlist, and who,
with the other brave boys, faced Spanish fire and did
not flinch, writes to a friend on the staff of this paper:
"Get my discharge and transportation HOME.
Army life in the piping times of peace is several dis
tinct and well-defined kinds, sorts and conditions of
hell."
Without doubt this .represents the general feeling,
and, as it does so. there cannot be haste too great in
sending regulars to the relief of the volunteers. For
the most part the regulars are in some measure sea
soned. They are commanded by experienced officers,
and have acquired the knack of making the best of
every situation. Moreover, few of them have gone
into the service under the impulse of sentiment. To
them the army is a business and a means of liveli
hood They would go without repining wherever or
dered, and stay without regret, while their peril from
disease would be minimum. When men are thor
oughly homesick the ailment becomes physical. They
are unfitted for resisting actual disease, and they lose
ambition.
Perhaps a little brush with Aguinaldo would cheer
the boys up, but in the absence of a definite prospect
cf this, the most cheering message possible would be
one calling them back where friends and royal wel
come wait their coming.
LESSON OF THE NEW YORK FIRE.
AS a result of the great fire in New York, in
which were involved two tall buildings — those
of the Home Life Insurance Company and of
the Postal Telegraph Company — there has been an
extensive discussion in the East as to the comparative
advantages and disadvantages of the modern sky
scraper in case of fire.
The test to which the tall structwes were submitted
in New York was an extraordinary one. The fire
started in a five-story building which was full of in
flammable material. The wind was blowing a tre
mendous gale, equal to a speed of sixty miles an hour,
and the flames from the burning building were car
ried directly, with all the fierceness of a blast furnace,
against the walls of the Home Life. It appears the
windows of the Home Life were not provided with
iron shutters, and the flames were driven through
them to the interior woodwork. Yet the building
stood, the walls were not affected, and the iron work
was apparently not injured sufficiently to require any
considerable rebuilding. The Postal Telegraph build
ing escaped with very little damage.
The day after the fire the Chief of the Fire Depart- j
ment was quoted as having stated that no building !
should be higher than 150 feet, as it is impossible to j
protect tall structures, bnt on the following day, after \
a full examination, the Chief of the Building Depart
ment of the city stated that if it had not been for the '
two tall buildings the fire would have swept the whole i
block as far south as St. Paul's Church.
The discussion that has followed shows that the
weight of authority agrees with the statement of the
Chief of the Building Department. Indeed the con
clusion seems to be that the Home Life was not an
entirely up-to-date structure, and that, had it been so,
it would have stopped the flames at once. The tall
building seems, in fact, to be a protector to all the
property around it. It prevents the spread of flames
and localizes any fire that breaks out adjoining it. The
consensus of Eastern authorities on the subject is
that a tall building, modern in every respect, is vir
tually fireproof, and, as the Philadelphia Inquirer says,
"to destroy one of them, judging -by the New York
fire, would be next to impossible."
One of the Botkin witnesses from Delaware has
been frightened by the loud tones of Attorney Knight,
and not unnaturally. But in California that voice has
lest its power to intimidate and subdue.
There is not so much evidence that the Chicago
Aldermen experienced a moral reform as that the idea
of devoting their unhallowed persons to the decora
tion of lampposts was not pleasing
A GREAT INDUSTRY MENACED
The Two Republics, a newspaper published in the English language In
the City of Mexico, and having an extensive circulation, contrv ■' in Its
issue of December 6 a story to the effect that thirty-three barrels of Cali
fornia wine consigned to a dealer in that city have been seized by the official
wine inspectors on the ground that the wine contained salicylic acid, a sub
stance regarded by the Mexican authorities as dangerous to health.
As the story was published in the Two Republics it is safe to say it has
been published also in most, if not all, the Mexican journals, and it goes
without saying that the incident will be used by wine dealers of other
countries to discredit California wine in the Mexican market. The issue is,
therefore, one of vast importance to the State, and particularly so to all
persons engaged in the wine industry, whether as producers or dealers.
The great interests at stake justify a thorough investigation of the sub
ject by the State Board of Trade and the two associations that represent
the wine producers and wine dealers of California. We invite their atten
tion to the story, which as published in the Two Republics is as follows:
Thirty-three barrels of California wine consigned to Federlco Navarro, the
well known and popular young commission merchant and importer, have Just been
seized by the wine gaugers employed by the City Health Department on tne
ground that the wine was found to contain salicylic acid, a substance declared oy
Mexican authority to be dangerous to health. And that is not all the miscnier
which the recklessness of the Californians who shipped the wine have done Mr.
Navarro, for his customers are returning him all the same kind of wine he has
sold them before, in order to avoid seizure of the same on their premises and nne
and imprisonment for having adulterated wine in their stock of merchandise.
These returns amount to from one to ten barrels in each case. A few or Jir.
Navarro's customers have indeed already fallen under the law by Having stocK
purchased from Navarro seized. They are all looking of course to him tor re
dress. The measure taken by the authorities is stern, but entirely just, and only
the natural result or' the recklessness of the California shippers, who are in tne
habit of adding salicylic acid to very young wine to age it in order to be able to
class it as a higher grade. .
Mr. Navarro was seen last evening by a representative of the Two Repub
lics and freely admitted that the authorities had done nothing but what was
right in the premises, as the analysis made since the seizure by his own instiga
tion fully concurred with that of the health officers, and the wine should never
have been brought to Mexico.
"I associated myself," he stated, "with a couple of young business men in L.os
Angeles. Cal., for the importation of wines from that locality into Mexico, reel
ing convinced that with the display of push and energy a very good market could
be built up for the California product. We were just beginning to reap some
profit from the venture when It seems the exporter from whom we bought in
the best of faith conceived the diabolical idea to increase hia profits by J-h'P
ping us a doctored article instead of the pure article to which we were entitled
as we agreed to pay a higher price than is paid for any California wine brojgnt
to this city In carioad lots. The shipper in this case is Mr. "vV oollacott, and the
wrong he has caused is almost irretrievable, as he has not only cast discredit
upon the California wine business but also exposes myself and others to \er>
serious consequences. The law regarding adulterated articles is very strict in
Mexico. It does not only provide for the seizure and destruction of the adulter
ated articles but also imposes heavy money fines and imprisonment upon tne
unlucky merchant who offers the stuff for sale, not taking into consideration
whether or not the respective merchant was aware of the adulteration. 1 trust
that Mr. Woollacott is not personally responsible for the adulteration and that
he can make a satisfactory explanation of the fraud which has evidently been
committed, but thero is no doubt as to his responsibility from every standpoint
for the great wrong committed and thn costly damage done. I had just settled
the freight and duties on the shipment, amounting to $2120, which is, of course a
total loss. Upward of $2600 of outstanding accounts cannot be collected now be
cause the people who owe them are returning to me all the stock left on their
hands. Others who do not owe are returning their stocks also and are looking to
me to make good their losses. The value of the wine confiscated amounts to
about $3500. Of course I cannot now ostimatethe money damage this whole busi
ness has caused, but it is very considerable."
Mr Navarro is not the llrst victim in Mexico of the contemptible business
practiced by California shippers in doctoring young wines with salicylic acid.
Carlos Hirachberg head of one of the oldest wine importing houses in the city,
had a similar experience about seven months ago, though not on so large a scale,
as the seizure extended to only a few barrels, a sample shipment, and he was able
to stop a carload that was on its way. In that case the wine had been bought
from a sample which had been analyzed and found to be absolutely pure. Mr.
Hirschberg pot off with the payment of wines for himself and several custom
ers, whose poods bought from him had been seized, by showing his own absolute
innocence and that the shipper alone was to blame.
It is very much to be hoped not alone for the sake of Mr. Navarro but also
in the Interest of American trade with Mexico that Mr. Woollacott or whoever
else has been guilty of defraudinK Mr. Navarro and his customers by shipping
doctored instead of pure wines will make all restitution in his power, and that the
California win* 1 shippers will adopt some sort of system to protect their cus
tomers and their trade against the infamous fraud that has been practiced in
the present case.
The seizure has extended only to clarets, the Zlnfandels, Relslln«R, Muscatels
and Angelicas imported by Mr. Navarro being free from any admixture.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Father Kane of Sonora Is at the Grand.
Dr. D. F. Fox of Sacramento Is at the
Palace.
William Ballard of Vallejo Is at the Oc
cidental.
Sheriff W. D. Keyser of Hopland la at
the Russ.
C. Thomas, I. S. N., is a guest at the
Occidental.
Judge John F. Davis of Jackson is at
the Palace.
W. E. Duncan Jr. of Oroville, a miner, is
at the Lick.
J. B. Overton of Virginia City is a guest
at the Russ.
Attorney L. F. Hatfleld of Sacramento
is at the Licft.
Daniel Patton, a surveyor from Napa,
is ;it the Grand.
Dr. D. Smith of the asylum at Napa is
at the California.
Banker S. E. Biddle of Hanford is regis
tered at the Lick.
Dr. L. B. Ryan of Galesburg, 111., is
j at the Occidental.
i J. H. McCarthy of San Diego is a guest
| at the California.
State Senator B. F. Langford of Stock
; ton is at the Lick.
J. O. Carlisle, a miner from Stent, is a
I guest at the Lick.
James W. Minturn of Minturn is regis
tered at the Palace.
Assessor L. A. Spitzer of. San Jose is a
guest at the Grand.
George E. Goodman Jr. of Napa is reg
istered at the Palace.
Rev. John C. Christie of New South
Wales is at the Russ.
Mr. and Mrs. Bruce V. Crandall of Chi
cago are at the California.
State Senator Thomas Flint Jr. of San
Juan Is a guest at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Veuve of San Jose
are guests nt the California.
W. H. Cleary, owner of the Sheep
Ranch mine, is a guest at the Lick.
AW H. Moss of Chicago and F. D. Hel
mer of New York are at the Palace.
C. R. Smith and D. Farrell. two mer
chants from Seattle, are at the Palace.
Charles W. Thomas and J. J. Stephens
of "Woodland are registered at the Grand.
McKee Rankin and Nance O'Neill, who
have returned from Honolulu, are at the
j Grand.
j John Morris of York, and Miss Bernard
I of Surrey County, England, are guests at
the Occidental.
John H. Millzner of Tucson, who is
the in Arizona of the Giant Powder
■ Company, is at the Grand.
E. Burleigh of London, who is interested
in the exportation of phosphates from
this State, Is at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. T. M. Humphries will
leave Friday night for Chicago, where
they will meet their daughter, Miss Pearl
Ola Humphries.
John If. Trunslow, general agr-nt of the
passenger department of the Santa Fe,
who has bneri in Chicago on business,
will return to the city on Saturday.
George E. Ames and family aro at the
Palace. Mr. Ames is well known here,
where he was for a number of years con
nected with the Union Iron Works. At
present he is interested in the Anaconda
Major Guy L. Edle, surgeon in the vol
unteer army, and captain and assistant
surgeon in the regular army, whose en
gagement to Miss Kip of this city has
been announced, arrived from the East
last night and is registered at the Occi
dental.
In the Divorce Courts.
Bertha C. Ward has been granted a di
vorce from William T. Ward on the
ground of extreme cruelty. Mrs. . Ward
was granted the custody of a minor child,
together with alimony in the sum of I $20
a month. Dorthula B. Cox has sued H.
Cox for divorce, alleging desertion as a
cause of action. Annie L. Lbrenz asks for
a divorce from John F. Lorenz on the
ground of cruelty. Suits for divorce, on
the ground of failure ito provide have
been filed by Annie Murphy against Nich
olas Murphy and Ida C. Parker against
George H. Parker. '
■X'-i. ; ■■_.» - ■ m ■ i ..i
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Dec. 14.— Henry A. Whlt
ley of San Francisco is at the Netherland.
A. N. Goudy of Los Angeles is at the
Cosmopolitan.
■ ♦ ■ .
In addition to the many reformatories
on land, Great Britain has three reforma
tory ships, where hundreds of wayward
youths are sent every year
EXCHANGE GIFTS WITH
THEIR SCHOOLMATES
DENMAN SCHOOL PUPILS' CLOS
ING EXERCISES.
Public School Children Prepare to
Celebrate With Song and Reci
tation ths Joyous Christ
mastide.
The children of the public schools are
busily preparing "the exhibition" for the
proper celebration of the joyous Chrlst
mastide.
The Christmas exercises are always of
a high order of ment, and the spirit of
the merry • saint is usually over it all.
This year a feature of the entertainment
in many schools will be the Christmas
tree on which the pupils will hang gifts
for schoolmates and ttacTiers.
The Denman School started the ball of
the Christmas exhibition by giving a de
lightful entertainment, in which the pu
pils of Miss McDonald's class played the
principal rolls. A huge Christmas tree
adorned the classroom and was gayly
hung: with gaudy, trinkets, as well as
the dainty offerings of classmates made
to one another and to their teachers. The
exercises began at 1 p. m. and started
with an informal banquet, in which ice
cream and tempting delicate cake were
The most important features.
An informal entertainment followed,
and the little ones entertained their as
sembled friends with an impromptu pro
gramme of music, sons and recitation.
GAS WILL BE CHEAPER.
First Test of the New Opposition
Company Made Successfully.
The first test of the Equitable Gaslight
Company, the new corporation that has
been founded for the purpose of compet
ing with the San- Francisco I Gaslight and
Electric Company, was made yesterday
afternoon ' at the headquarters of the
plant at the foot of Hyde street, on the
site of the old Selby Smelting Works. The
exhibition of the power of the new com
pany and the many advantages to be de
rived to patrons of it was complete in
every detail, and was made before the
prominent business men of the 'commu
nity and many other invited guests. By
an improved* process the new company
can supply its subscribers with illumin
ating gas at a uniform price of $1 a thou
sand, cubic feet, which is 50 p,er cent less
than that now paid to the San Francisco
Gas and Electric . Company. In addition
to this reduction in price the gas sup
plied is far superior to that now used by
the public, as it is thoroughly purified
by improved machinery before it is al
lowed to : enter the mains traversing the
various sections of the city. '
In the process of manufacture gas is
used almost exclusively. It is burned in
the furnaces and afterward extracts it
self, as it were, from the coal.
As an exhibition of the quality of the
gas that will bo supplied to the public in
the near future at a rate much below
that now paid, a number of the various
lamps and burners supplied and used by
the San Francisco Gaslight Company
were placed for inspection before the vis
itors. The light as shown is > far supe
rior to that seen around the city both ii<
brightness and steadiness. The im
proved burners made specially to produce
a brighter and fuller light now supplied
to stores, etc., by the San Francisco Com
pany were also tested with perfect satis
faction. Where the patrons of the old Las
company pay an exorbitant price for the
use of gas through these burners the new
company makes a reduction in their us^
of j almost 50 per cent on the price now
Although the company has not as vet
estab lslx'd its pipes farther than the
downtown extremity of Montgomery w
§§« g SlsSi
gssg. » aariwaSS $3s
ident Ackerson, over 4300 subscribers
TWO ESTATES IN PROBATE.
Wills of John Schroder and Michael
Schussler Filed.
th! h «fth , m ° f * John **«*•*. who, died on
the sth inst., was filed for probate yester
day. Louis C. Schroder, a son of the de
ceased is bequeathed a lot of land on
Valencia street, - near Twenty-fourth,
valued at about $2000. ; Anna M. Casement,
wife of Frank : Casement, is bequeathed
an adjoining lot valued at $2000. The resl
'i^ 6 . of . decedent's $10,000 estate is ordered
divided share and share alike, among
Anna M. Casement and John F. and Louis
C. Schroder.
The will of the late Michael Schussler,
the well-known capitalist, was also Hied
for probate.-. Deceased left one-half ■> of
the community property, which is subject
to disposition :by testament under the
law, to his widow. Mrs. Bertha Schussler.
$1000 to Miss Amy Schussler, in trust, to
be paid when she arrives at the age of 2j
years; $2000 to Marie Gatel, a sister, who
resides in Vienna; $400 each to his four
daughters, and $1000 to Done Loewy, a
sister.
NOTES OF PLAYS
AND CONCERTS
Daniel Sully continues to present "Uncle
Bob" to large audiences at the California.
Commencing Sunday night Mr. Sully will
appear in "O'Brien, the Contractor."
"A Parlor Match" burns briskly at the
Columbia, where it is booked for a tort
night.
The Orpheum has a tremendous attrac
tion in Golden. the monologist, who
seems to have set the whole town talk
ing about his gaes and anecdotes.
The next symphony concert takes place
in the Orpheum this afternoon at 3:lo.
Beethoven's "Pastorale" symphony and
Schumann's "Genoveva" overture are or
the excellent programme that Mr. Scheel
has prepared.
"Alabama" is making out a good re
vival week at the AleazaT. "Humbug, a
Roland Reed farce comedy, is the piece
for Monday night.
Only a few nights more of "The Mas
cot" at the Tivoli, as Monday night
brings the long-expected opening of the
big holiday spectacle, "The Yellow
Dwarf."
"The Temptation of Money" will be
continued all week at Morosco's, giving
way Monday to an elaborate revival of
"Uncle Tom's Cabin."
Harry Martell's negro production, "The
South Before the War," is still the at
traction at the Comedy. A road company
in Hoyt's "A Bunch of Keys" opens the
new week.
Appreciate Good Service.
At the last meeting of the Chamber of
Commerce two resolutions were passed
showing that the members of the cham
ber appreciate the heroic efforts of those
who are in the revenue service. By one
the Secretary of the , Treasury and the
Pacific Coast i representatives in Wash
ington are requested to have /the Govern
ment render suitable acknowledgment and
practical reward to Lieutenant D. H. Jar
vis arid his officers and men for their he
roic efforts in taking provisions to and
rescuing the starving whalers imprisoned
in the ice at Point Barrow. The otner
resolution urges the same officials 10 nave
Congress pass a bill providing suitable
pensions for those •in the revenue cutter
service upon retirement from active ser
vice. The suggestion is that they oe
placed under the same laws as govern tne
pensioning of the retired aged officers of
the navy. .■' -:^";; ■: --^-
Time to send your Eastern friends Town
send's California glace fruits, 50c lb, in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 627 Market st.»
.—.— ■ ♦ ■
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043. •
■ • ■
Stockholders of the San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley By. Co.
Stockholders of the San Francisco and
San Joaquin Valley Railway Company
who deposited their trustee's certificates
with Union Trust Company of San Fran
cisco before December 6. 1898. can receive
the par value of their stock upon present
ing their receipts at the office or .Union
Trust Company, corner Montgomery,
Post and Market streets, on and after
Thursday, December 15, 1898. I. W. Hell
man Jr., Cashier. •■.*■':
THIS CUSTOM NEEDS MODIFICATION
It is astonishing to what length a man's
love for his dog will carry him. A New
Yorker recently killed a neighbor for
kicking hi? cur. It does seem as If thesa
old chivalric customs should be modified.
It isn't quite right to offset a 30-cent ter
rier with a $2000 man.— Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
ACKER'S ENGLISH REMEDY IS BEYOND
question the greatest of all modern remedi:».
It will rure a cough or cold Immediately or
money back. At no Percentage Pharmacy.
No Christmas Table should be without r. bot
tle of Dr. Siegerts Ansostura Bitters, the fin
est appetizer, imported from South America.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
■ OF THE- —
FIREMAN'S FUND
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF SAN FRANCISCO, IN THE STATE OF
California, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1897, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner of;
the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up . .' .
in cash ...<... 81, 000; 000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $379,200 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 463.454 85
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company.; 1,913,480 00
Arm unt of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 160,689 34
Cash in company's office 5,929 40
Cash in banks 353,906 61
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 540 51
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages... i 9,322 69
Premiums In due course of collection 396,533 27
Bills receivable, i not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 33,653 45
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid 3.530 79
Warrants 3,075 45
, Fire premium notes £0,588 54
Total assets $3,731,595 SO
J / . i v LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 834,569 70
Losses in. process of adjustment or
in suspense 98.775 01
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 7,000 00
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,020.525 37; , „
reinsurance £0 per cent . 510, 58
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,291.- „. „.„ ,«
647 IS; reinsurance pro rata 63., -bs v
Gross premiums on marine and In-
land navigation •■ risks, reinsurance
100 per cent •••• 33 -' S0 M
Gross premiums on marine time
risks, reinsurance 50 per cent oi,w »
All other demands against the com-
pany ...,.; 113, U.i Vi
Total liabilities $1,481,251 V
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire •
premiums ■.•••:•■• • $1,438.30 a 75
Net cash actually received for ma- _
rlne premiums ■•■■• • 308>44S be
| Received for interest on bonds and
Received for interest and dividends * 3 » A "^ **
Received for interest an.l dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
ail other sources 111.099 4 r
Received for rents Z0.107 50
Total income ....'. $1,912,123 66
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire 1055e5....... $6.13,531 73
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 229.742 5S
Dividends to stockholders 120,000 00
Paid . or allowed for commission or
brokerage •• •• •■•- 232,150 53
Paid ■ for salaries, fees and other
charges 'for officers, clerks, etc 209,712 05
Paid for State, national and local
taxes ..■> * * 41.294 43
All other ' payments and expendi-
tures ••• 174.121 19
Total expenditures ; $1,700,332 56
Fire. ' - Marine.
Losses incurred during the
year $713.596 02 8248.878 96
Risks and Premiums. Firo Risks. ;Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $167,331,860 $2,050,038 39
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during. the year. 139,219,278 1,943,093 76
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1597... 1 195,556.640 2.312,172 55
Marine I
Risks and Premiums. . Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $63,031,020 $514.673 62
Net amount of risks ex- ':■«.:
pired during the year.. 62.535.102 453.116 08
Net amount in force De- 1
. cember 31, 1597.. •*........ 6.227,774! 136,670 59
"VVM. .T. TH7TTON, Vice President.
■ BERNARD FATMONVILLE. Secretary.
Subscribed 7 and sworn to before me this 15th
day of January, 1898. •. . M. M. RHORER. -
:•■,: •■, Deputy Insurance Commissioner.REFORM USED
THE EMPEROR'S
RAPID UNDOING
Advocated Customs of
White Men.
NOW HELD A ROYAL PRISONER
RUSSIA IS ASSUMING CONTROL
OF THE CHINESE EMPIRE.
Grave Problems Now Confronting
England and America and a
Big War May Soon
Be On.
Among the^rurstr at the Occidental who
arrived on the seamer City of Peking,
is O. i"nx. He i om< from China
registered from Peking. Mr. Cox is
on Englishman and was b irn In Austra
lia, but hi -' thirteen
years In China, lie is now on his way
i never having y.et visited
that country. Mr. Cox's connections in
\v«n- such that he is In a position
t" be exceptionally well Informed regard
ing the* affairs of that country, and es
pecially is ho well informed concerning
the International question of interest in
China. He talks in an exceedingly modest
manner. His version or the recent over
throw of the Emperor is best told in his
own words. Regarding this he said:
"The Emperor has not been murdered.
He i^ simply held a prisoner as it were
by his mother. He is confined in the
royal i alace. There Is no doubt but that
his mother usurped the reins of govern
ment, for the Emperor did not abdicate.
To me it seems strange that the other
nations recognize her as the lawful ad
ministrator of the affairs of the nation,
when they know that there has been no
formal abdication on the part of the Era
peror. The latter undoubtedly brought
about his downfall because of the radical
reform measures that he advocated. Many
of the high officials of the empire were in
the reform move with the Emperor, and it
might have been successful, but some one
of them, with the usual duplicity .of the
j race, gave the scheme away and the
Emperor's mother took immediate charge
and made things hot for the reformers.
••The Emperor wanted to introduce
Western customs. He advocated the
wearing apparel of the white man and he
Treated his subjects to dock their queues,
and this was more than the Chinese
would stand for. Chang Yin Huan, for
mer Minister to the Court of St. James,
and who also attended the Queen's Jubilee j
where he was knighted, was one of the
reformers, and but lor the intervention of
Sir Claud Mac Donald he would have lost i
his head. As it was he was banished !
from the empire. Another high official
escaped by taking refuge on a British
warship. Tnere is no doubt but that, these
: prising reformers would have made
a clean sweep if their plans had succeed
ed. I believe that their zeal would have
led th^m to a free use of the ax, but their
following was not strong enough, so they j
failed.
"The most serious and at the same time !
tho most interesting question to the Eng
lish and Americans in China at present
i.s the attitude of Russia. There is no use
denying the fact or trying to disguise
the stern reality that Russia practically
controls the Chinese Government. This
must lead to international dissensions,
an*i I look to see in the next two years
a his war between England and Russia.
Something has to be done, for if affairs go
on as they have been Russia will control
the city of Peking in two years. England
and America are not looking after their !
interests as they should. Russia controls j
Xowchwang, a treaty port, which is 1
within 200 miles of Peking. In the district
of Manchuria, in the northern part of Chi
na. Russia is building railways. This is
the richest and most desirable part of
- China. While America and England are
' standing by looking on Russia is daily In
creasing her strength. From the port of
Newchwang America gets at least 70 per |
cent of Its China trade. Can this country
afford to allow Russia to control this i
port?
"I am not prepared to say what Eng
land and America combined could do In a \
war with Russia, It would be a hard ;
country to fight. America has no army, i
I admit you can raise a large volunteer
force, but you can't make soldiers in a |
day out of volunteers. Russia has her
best forces in China, and they have got to i
be met by men who have besides mere
bravery the knowledge of how to be sol
diers. The question is a grave and serious
one. and it is being carefully considered
in England. What will be the outcome I
1
The home of this chair is
the library or sitting-room.
Its greatest virtue is its
ease and restfulness. .
The seat is deep and the
breadth from tip to tip is al-
most a yard — but a good bit
of this is the broad arms — an
ideal support for a book when
reading, or to fling your arms
out on and rest.
Another use is to give it to
some one for Christmas — a
mighty good use.
The price will let you af-
ford it.
You're welcome to look,
welcome to buy.
Open Evenings.
California Furniture
Company
(N. P. COLE & CO.) £«£•*■
117- 1 Geary St. ■ Mattings'
A CHARCOAL TRAGEDY AT FISHERMEN'S WHARF.
cannot say, but I believe that there will
be a big war in the near future. The
questions of the East require all the di
plomacy of any nation."
PUGILISTS IN TOWN.
"Cocker" Tweedie Has Returned
From Australia — La Fontaine
and Tye Matched.
"Cocker" Tweedie, the Australian
lightweight pugilist, who was defeated
at one of the Olympic Club entertain
ments by Jimmy Lawlor, returned yes
terday from the land of the golden
fleece.
Tweedie i« very anxious to have an
opportunity of proving to the sporting
people of this city that he Is a much
better man pugilistically than many of
the local sporting men suppose. He
says that it was through carelessness
on his part that he was whipped by
Lawlor. He is ready now to sign
articles with any man of his weight in
America for a limited contest or a con
test to a finish.
The National Athletic Club hap signed
•Charley Tye, the clever pugiiiat of the
Reliance Club of Oakland, and La Fon
taine, a French-Canadian fighter, who
; arrived in this city recently, to box
ten rounds in Woodward's Pavilion on
the evening of the Green-Creedon
i twenty-round contest.
La Fontaine is said to be a very stiff
puncher and a game fellow, who has
won many har*-fought battles. Tye
will train in Oakland and his opponent
in Alameda.
From. Chicago. New York. Boston, we
deliver to all noints ( resta Blanca wines.
Order Xmas presents now. Wetmore-
Bowen Co.. 410 Post St., 8. V. •
Compromised Their Claims.
The numerous architects who sub
mitted plans for the proposed City and
County Hospital have at last com
promised their claims. Each will receive
as compensation for his services, if the
Board of Supervisors will pass such a
resolution, the sum of $375. This .amount,
however, will not buy the plans. These
will be donated to th^ city free of all
cost. The city will either retain them for
three months or hold thorn permanently.
This arrangement was practically arrived
at yesterday when Supervisor Dodge,
chairman of the Hospital Committee, met
with the architects in the committee
room. The discussion was long and heat
ed, and a few of the architects did not
agree to tm- plan proposed, but it is
thought they will come round before the
final meeting is held on the matter.
Have you pepn the new collection of paint-
Ings at Wm. Morris' art rooms. 24S fiutter? •
Fell From a Scaffold.
Yesterday morning at 10 o'clock, while
Harry Hagerman. a carpenter, was mak
ing some repairs in Montague's water pipe
factory, corner of Townsend and Sixth
streets, the scaffold on which lie was
I working gave way. precipitating him to
; the ground, a distance of sixteen feet.
I He landed on an iron pipe, breaking two
ribs. Hagerman was taken to his home
at 2?.2r, Mission street and medical asaist
j ance secured. He will be removed to St.
Mary's Hospital this morning.
Advances made on furniture and plano.«, with
or without removal. J. Xoonan. 1017-102S Mission.
WHO CAN KNOCK A "CHINK"
THE GREATER DISTANCE?
The Question Which Has Precipitated a Fierce War
• Eetween the Members cf the Two Police
Squads m Chinatown.
THE war of the highbinders is not the only one being waged In China
town. The police sent up into the Mongolian quarter to put a stop to
strife are at swords' points each with the other. They have organized
their tongs, | ihelr knives, put now handles in their
hammers, and each officer Is a member of i separate knockers' club, the
object of which Is to <!■; up some brother oil
The fn-een-eyed monster is th>- cause of the war. in which such venom
and bitterness is displayed that it bios fair to exceed in fierceness vie
battlo between the hatchettnen. The question which is agitating the po
lice is which cf th<-m is doing the most work. Each claims that no
one is working but himself, ajid that all the honor due for tlie existing
peace in Chinatown belongs to him. Each confides to his particular friend
that be can smash a door in quicker than his mates, and that when it comes
to knocking down a luckless highbinder found in a raided den the others
c;ii;nut come near him irs the precision with which he lands his blow on
:i of the Celestial's face, and the distance which the
"t hink" la huri'-.i by the force of hip Rood right swing.
itenante Price and Eeola (or ISsola and Price) have charge of the
special Chinatown Bquad. Which la senior in command is In doubt. When
the two lieutenants meet it la rumored that the atmosphere in their neigh
borhood congeals ami huge Icicles form between them. The forded friend
liness exhibited is amusing- to the initiated. Profound bows and Balaams
are given and returned, and one rot knowing would think that "Bill" and
"Fred" *re old cronies, but they are not.
When the Suey Bing-Suey ring trouble Started some months ago Detec
tives Gibson and Wren and Patrolman George McMahon were detailed to
keep peace among the highbinders, but the murders continued. Chief Leos
became wrathy, and being determined that the shooting should be stopped
placed an additional squu.il on duty. This did not exactly tickle the palates of
the three officers :irs! on the ground and there is a decided coolness exist
ing between them, the lieutenants and the members of their posse.
Sergeant McManua also has a thorn in his side. He has regarded
Chinatown as his particular hunting ground, and resents the presence of
the new posse, which Is poaching OH his preserves. It is rumored that the
members of his squad are not exactly satisfied with the sergeant, and that
there is also a split between the officers under him. With but few excep
tions the police on the special squad are bo unfriendly that they hardly
speak to each other.
While this bickering is going: on among the officers of the law the wily
Mongolian smileß. Peace reigns at present, but it is only because the
highbinders are not ready to strike. Hatchets are being sharpened and
pistols loaded. When the time is ripe the weapons will be used, and, aid
ed by the jealousy existing among the members of the Police Department,
the hatchetmen hope to escape detection.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUHSDAY, IXECEMBEK 15. 1898.
THEY WANT THE
MINERAL LANDS
THROWN OPEN
Plans of the Miners'
Association.
13,000,000 ACRES INVOLVED
ALL NOW CLASSED AS '-AGRI
CULTURAL."
The Idaho-Montana Law desired :a
This State— lt Would Bring
Activity and Pros
per, ty.
The proper disposition of the mineral
lands of California that are now held
as agricultural lands is a subject that is
particularly engaging the attention of
th<? California .miners' Association at
the present time. The vast area ( f lands
bearing minerals of various kinds that
are embraced in the grants of the South
ern Pacific Company and others, and
which should be classified as open to the
enterprise of the miner, is the prize the
association is striving to win.
During the last two sessions of Con
| gres? a bill has been under consideration
; to put these lands under the same rules
and regulations as those in Idaho and
Montana, There the conditions are such
that the miner has equal rights with the
farmer or stock raiser, and the results
have proved highly beneficial to the par
ties concerned.
In this State the enterprise of the pros
pector is checked by the fact that if
ho finds a good lead on land classified
as agricultural he must be possessed of
means to go into court and fight for the
right to develop the prospect or abandon
It to his mere fortunate successor. If
the aims of the California Miners' Asso
ciation are accomplished all this handi
cap will be a voided and there will be a
great impetus given to the mining in
dustry.
"The people of California will better
understand this matter when it is known
that within the lines of our common
wealth there are 13,000,000 acres of land
that are now classified as agricultural
that should be open to the industry of tue
man with the pick and shovel— the wealth
producer; the man who dug out of the
ground the sinews with which the war
of the rebellion was conducted to a suc
cessful conclusion." So stated Julian
Sonntag of the Miners' Association yes
The Peculiar Death of Gaetano
Aleoto, an Italian Fish*
erman.
GAETAXO ALEOTO, an Italian fisher
man, whose home was in Vallejo,
was found dead in the cabin of his
fishing smack near Fishermen's
wharf at half-past 6 o'clock yester
day morning. Carlo Quartarra, an
other fisherman, went on noard to awaken
Aleoto. He found tho hatch closed and
the little cabin stifling with the fumes
from a small charcoal furnace used to
warm the cabin. Aleoto was dead. He
had lighted tho fire and had closed the
hatch on the evening previous for the
purpose of keeping out the cold. Quar
tarra found that the fire had burned out,
and so had the life of Aleoto.
The dead man was ony 21 years old and
■was unmarried.
terday In discussing: the Importance of I
the measure now pending in Congress.
"It is the desire of the mining men of
this State," said he, "that the Govern
ment create a commission of competent
men to classify our lands that are now
In dispute and that the decision of such
commission should be final. This has
been done in Idaho and Montana and the
plan has worked admirably. We cannot
see why the same regulations should not
apply to similar lands in this State. Un
der the application of the Idaho-Mon
tana act the cost was between 3 and 4
cents per acre and there is no reason why
it should be more here. The measure hag
the support of the entire California del
egation in Congress and our organiza
tion is working diligently to assure its
passage. We do not feel confident that
we will succeed at this session, but there
Is little doubt that the bill will become
a law in the long session.
"There are fifteen mining States in this
country and we are confident of our abil
ity to swing every one Into line on this
proposition. Of course, this will take
time, but our interests are practically
identical and we are bound to get to
gether on the proposition to demand the
appointment of a Cabinet officer to at
tend solely to the affairs of mines and
mining. Other countries give to this in
dustry the consideration and support to
which it Is entitled, but the miners of the
united States have been very shabbily
treated in so far as recognition and pro
tection are concerned. Now is the time
to adjust these matters and if the news
papers will stand in with us we will suc
ceed.
"The importance of the mining industry
of this State is not appreciated by the
public. If it were there would be more I
effort to assure it just treatment. There I
re °ii n Q 7^ ed . in thls work in California
o\er 19.000 miners, every one of whom is
a consumer. On the one-half basis of the
Chicago census we will estimate popula
tion two to one. At a low estimate each
will consume 50 cents" worth of supplies
each day. This would mean $19,000 per
Jav .— v<?r a half million dollars a month
and between six and seven million dol
lars each year. If this mineral lands bill
goes through this number will be In
creased to 25.000 or 30.000 men, every one
of whom would be a factor in promoting
the welfare of other industries of the
Mate.
mn s }?r? r fea * ure of the situation is the <
modest fart that California mines pro
duced 5G0.000.000 this year which can be
accounted so much contributed 10 the
wealth of the State. With the classifi
cation of the mineral lands many preat
mines would be developed and this im- !
mense output largely Increased. We pro- i
pose to have this recognition and will
keep on fighting until we get it. If it is i
necessary the great copper, silver, oil, !
coal and iron interests can be combined. I
\\lth such an interest brought to bear on !
Congress there can be no doubt as to the I
result. At the same time there should be i
no necessity for such strife to secure rec
ognition for one of the most Important in
dustries of the country.
"We must have a department of mines
and mining in the place of the Interior
Department, which necessarily cannot I
give us the proper attention. In addition
to this the men interested in such enter- '
prises should have the benefit of an offi
cial geographical map, showing the loca
tion of mineral lands, quantity and qual
ity of timber, water supply and the means
of transportation to reach such lands.
Other countries encourage the industry
by such means, and there is no reason
why the United States should not do so. i
There is untold wealth lying in the moun- i
tains of California, and every due en
couragement ought to be given to the I
men who have the enterprise to dig it '
out and contribute to the wealth of the
nation."
The California Miners' Association
hopes to accomplish some good work in
the next Congress, one part of which wJll
be to impress the Government with the
necessity of dredging San Pablo Bay and !
the Sacramento River, which are being j
made shallow by the erosion of adjacent \
lands. If France and Italy had not ener
getically pursued such work their rivers
would now be dry land. It is only a ques- I
tion of a short time when our lawmakers
will appreciate the vast importance of
these matters to the country at large.
The association may find it necessary to
send an able man to Washington to Bet be
fore the coming Congress the necessity
of establishing the new branch of gov
ernment. ■_
Fire in a Grocery-Store.
EUREKA, Der. 14.— Fire at an early
hour this morning completely ruined the
grocery stock of Marshall & Hodgson.
The loss Is 52000; insurance, $1000. Incen
diarism Is suspected. The fire started un
derneath the ground floor and had gained
considerable headway before discovered.
KINGSBURY
PIANOS.
A good piano at a medium price.
Largest factory in the world. Capacity
8000 per year.
...EASY PAYMENTS...
Old instruments taken in exchange.
CLARK WISE & CO.,
'. 4! Geary St. Cor. Grant Ays.
OPEN VEUIIVGS UNTIL XMA**~
• ADVERTISEMENTS. . r.
] ' : ' Bismarck's Autobiography g
I'^HT f^'V"* v 4 lis& BISMARCK, The Man and the Statesman: Being the Reflections and
Wag '^^*7'svJ» I|| ■ N Reminiscences of Otto, Prince yon Bismarck. Written and Dictated
B^g Vyt"^K* 1 I-/ Himself after His Retirement from Office. Translated from the J5)
gHH \i**:'."--^ jT^ fe;^ German under the supervision of A. J. Butler, late Fellow of Trinity Sj
|gft V»v_^,^^,^ k^j College, Cambridge. Two Volumes. Svo, Cloth, Uncut Edges and
illia?* r / Jw : THROUGH ASIA. By SVEN Hedin. With Two Maps and Two Plates Printed
{BjjßjJHTk, O' fJB&Bmm in Colors, and about 280 Illustrations by the Author and from Photographs. About £f*
» k ?.^'i^&& I 3° O P a g es - Two Volumes. Large Svo, Cloth, Ornamental, Uncut Edges and 25; ,
|^)^^|- H IN THE FORBIDDEN LAND. An Account of a Journey into Tibet, Capture »
■S MMB^^^P*iK^^s%&^H^ l i e Tibetan Lamas and Soldiers, Imprisonment, Torture, and Ultimate Release, ■*-?'
||| ' SEj^ffiS^*^^!^;^^ * brought about by Dr. Wilson and the Political Peshkar Karak Sing- Pal. By A. «*
Wmms^^J''' 1 Henry Savage Landor. With the Government Enquiry and Report and Other £<
mm W / )~J v '*"' J^\ Official Documents, by J. LARKIN, Esq., Deputed by the Government of India. W
M&Sf \'\ \ \cW?S With One Photogravure, Eight Colored Plates, Fifty Full-page and about One *ci
KcajF UU <~^£~*&\ Hundred and Fifty Text Illustrations, and a Map from Surveys by the Author. 2j/
MEjM ff\ 'HZJ'y^\ lO&m 2 vo ' -- Svo, Cloth, Uncut Edges and Gilt Tops, $9 00. / *Q
WM %^ -$3*l 8- ; CHINA IN TRANSFORMATION. By Archibald R. Colquhoun. With §'
xh^s^ '"•^' Frontispiece, Maps, and Diagrams. Svo, Cloth, $3 00. j£sl
W^~4S^~^hr*fM THE BIOGRAPHICAL EDITION OF W. M. THACKERAY'S ;§)
u^^^X^V^V*^ •■- ' COMPLETE WORKS. This new and revised edition comprises additional
IPiKiakk # X. material and hitherto unpublished letters;, sketches, and drawings, derived from the <cV
ESyS^tt^i V^- r .i->'>"^!?Y - .i''.-Xj--y author's original manuscripts and note-books. Edited by Mrs. Anne Thackeray -if
WS^Hre&r-^^^^l^^^l Ritchie. Crown Bvo, Cloth, Uncut Edges and Gilt Tops, 13 Vols., $1 75 per Vol. J>|
P^^K^ ' THE AWAKENING OF A NATION. Mexico of To-day. By Charles S
tMsp&SmW&i ' F. LUMMIS. With Illustrations and a Map. Crown Svo, Cloth, Ornamental, $2 50. <@
fc : '/:^B^~^S^^';> ; A STUDY OF A CHILD: By Louise E. llogax. With a Colored Frontis- !§K
J^Byir"*^"' 'T^lßOrPy piece and Many Illustrations. Crown Svo, Cloth, Ornamental, $2 50. ~=cv
f%W I r**^^ 1 HOW TO GET STRONG, And How to Stay So. By William BIAIKIE. With S
fcf-V* V/"^ »s Numerous Portraits. New and Enlarged Edition from New Plates. Post Bvo, *&)
&$■ T$ ffos ■ y ' :> H CROOKED TRAILS. Written and Illustrated by Frederic Remington, Author «
HIP' /d^'" • "*/ °^ " on y Tracks," etc. Svo, Cloth, Ornamental, $2 00. . *sf
Hi \ /S^\\- i^l OLD CHESTER TALES. By Margaret Deland, Author of "John Ward, »
\H& \Xj) Preacher," etc. Illustrated by Howard Pyle. Post Bvo, Cloth, Ornamental, $1 50. D<
|k^ \I-^JMBKm social life in the British ARMY. By " A British Officer." Illus- g
- i^v^LS o nC^fliffilHHHi . trated by R. Caton Woodville. Post Svo, Cloth, Ornamental, $1 00. ■Sm
I'U'-'^*''^^^H9H|H FABLES FOR THE FRIVOLOUS. (With Apologies to La Fontaine.) By »
W^^^^^S^^l^^^^ GuY Wetmorf. Carryl. With Illustrations by Peter Newell. Svo, Cloth, jCM
fe^^^g^^^^^P Ornamental, Deckel Edges and Gilt Top, $1 50. g
I. PEEPS AT PEOPLE. Being Certain Passages from the Writings of Miss Anne S^
f^flllr j^^^"^<^^^^ Warrington Witherup, Journalist. Collected by John Kendrick BANGS, and II- r^
mißw L lustrated by Edward Penfield. 161110, Cloth, Ornamental, .$1 25. «1
'Ms i $f <^fk }pM IMS THE NEW GOD. A Romance. By Richard Voss. Translated by Mary A, £|)
$& i>^rA >?}. Robinson. i6mo, Cloth, Ornamental, $1 25. ~<£
MA *fv^&. -Jf/ mi DUMB FOXGLOVE, And Other Stories. By ANNIE TRUMBULL Slosson. With J|)
§is|jjj iv, "** /sfL W&. One Illustration. Post Svo, Cloth, Ornamental, $1 25. !£gA
W-^jy^^^T^Mp^ AN ANGEL IN A WEB. A Novel. By Julian Ralph. Illustrated by W. T. S?
S^^L^^y -si, JT^ Smedley. Post Svo, Cloth, Ornamental, $1 50. jcv
' -'^^ J^>(||i|fl THE RED AXE. A Novel. By S. R. Crockett, Author of " Lochinvar," "The
jf ~|H^^^ToJ^fi^RgS ' Gray Man," etc. Illustrated, Post Svo, Cloth, Ornamental, $1 50. 'Got
§£' ;^-'-'/r^W»r: '•''^Pfiß THE ASSOCIATE HERMITS. By Frank R. Stockton. Illustrated by S
Iv^^S^^^^^^S A - D : Frost - I>Obl Svo - CIotI) - Ornamental, $1 50. 721
X : -'"^otP*S^KJ^;;?^|s WILD EELIN ; Her Escapades, Adventures, and Bitter Sorrows. A Novel. By «g)
m^^^^^^y^M^^ William Black. Ill'd by T. de Thulstrup. Post Svo, Cloth, Ornamental, $1 75. ■q?
fliliP /■ RODEN'S CORNER. A Novel. By Henry Seton Merriman. Illustrated by §9
WSSf JW'^fe P. N^l T. de Thulstrup. Post Bvo, Cloth, Ornamental, |i 75. %()
iSf W rk^ n "*& THE ADVENTURERS. A Novel. By H. B. Marriott Watson. Illustrated. §)
I? E>7\ B THE COPPER PRINCESS. A Story. By Kirk Munroe. Illustrated. Post 2fj
BJ5^ /j/jy^ y^^y m $rw Postpaid in the United States, Canada, and Mexico. S^
W^^^^^M HARPER & BROTHERS, Publishers, New York and London g{
FOR THE HOLIDAYS
Large and Well-
Assorted Stock of
OPERA GLASSES, FIELD GLASSES,
LORGNETTES, OPERA - GLASS
BAGS, GOLD SPECS AND EYE-
GLASSES.
PRICES WITHIN REACH OF ALL.
OPEN EVENINGS, Beginning December tt.
14 and 16 Kearny St.
Use /^feL and
Facial Soap %£// Facial. Cream.
A^re, Illness, Cure cause Wrinkles. Derma-
tologist JOHN H. WOODBURY, 127 West «d
St., N. V., 163 State St.. Chicago, has had over
26 years' practical experience removing Wrin-
kles, Crow's Feet, etc. No pain. Vv/:. ;^-:>
PPOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
o™ PALACE "•"'2
I CR AND H-QXMkM 2
D «A« F/iANCISCO, -
J* Connected by a covered passagswar. !r
° 1400 Rooms— With Bath Attached. **
S O Ail Under Ona Management. Q
! O NOTE THK ?BiOE3: Q
b European Plan. .oo per day and upward rt
American P1an.93.00 per day and upward O
Q > Correspondence Solicited. n
0 JOSH 0. KIRKPA?aiCK, Xxaigtr. q
ttoooooooooaoaQoaoo
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
..i, SEATS BY PHONE. MAIN 254.
LAST FOUR NICHTSI
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.'
A. M. PALMER'S SUCCESS, '
A Story In Poetry of Southern Life.
M cls. ISC, 25c, 35c, 50c.
Next Week— Roland Reed's Farce Comedy,
"HUMBUG." i;
Seats Nou/ On Sale.
CONCERTS AND BESCETtf.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
; THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING.
. YOU'LL BE SORRY IF YOU MISS IT.
FUN AND MUSIC FOR YOU ALL.
; E Theaters, Grand One-hour Walking Match.
, 2 . Bands of Music ' and Rare Novelties. .
A Nlsrht of Enjoyment. Admission. 25c.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER
THE LAUGHING LIMIT.
EVANS & HOEY'S Evergeen Success.
A PARLOR
MATCH
"The Funniest Story Ever Told."
EVERYTHING NEW AND BRIGHT.
ALL THIS WEEK. MATINEE SATURDAY.
CALIFORNL^THEATER.
POPULAR PRICES.
STRONG BILLS.
DRAW THE CROWDS.
EVERY NIGHT. MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Favorite Irish Comedian,
Mr. Daniel Sully
In His Newest Success,
UNCLE 808.
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 3.'c, 60c and 75c.
Next Sunday— "O'BßlEN, THE CONTRAC-
TOR."
Seats at Box Office and Emporium.
GEORGE FILLER GOLDEN,
KING OF MONOLOniSTS.
JULIUS P. WITMARK, Famous Vocalist.
THE THREE MEKKKLL SISTERS, Euro-
pean Acrobats.
FRANK LA MONDUE. The Mute Comedian.
VIOLET HALK. Acrobatic Dancer.
CAMILLA URSO, Violmlste.
PAUL HATTY'S ACROBATIC BEARS.
ARNESEN, Equilibrist.
BAKER. BBIXERY AND BARTLETT.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box seats, 50c.
ORPHEUM^EXTRA I
SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY CONCERT.
FRITZ SCHEEL. Musical Director
THURSDAY AFTERNOON, DEC. 13. AT 3:15.
PROGRAMME INCLUDES:
Overture, ' 'Ger.oveva' ' Schumann
Symphony No. 6 (Pastorale) Beethoven
Prices. 7Se, $1 and »1 60.
Seats Now on Sale at Orpheum.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
NEW BILL IN THETFREE THEATER.
MARCO BROS.. Contortionists: THE STAN-
LEYS, in "Mrs. O'Grady's Wash Day"; JEAN-
ETTE LILKORH, Impersonator; KELLKC
AND VIoLKTTE. Society Sketch Artists:
MAUD QAOB, Whlytler; OMNK, Japanese
Lady Musician: "THE ASTKONOMER'B
DREAM," and ENDLESS NOVELTIES!
SEE "JOE STORMS JR.," "SALLY" and
"CONGO."
To-night-AMATEUR NIGHT,
10c, including Zoo and Theater; Children. sc.
SPECIAL! SUNDAY! BALLOON ASCEN-
SION by EMIL MARKEBERG, the World's
Greatest Aeronaut.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Mgr.
—TO-NIGHT ■ -TO-NIGHT—
BENEFIT OF THE ALUMNI ASSOCIATION
OF THE CALIFORNIA COLLEGE OF
PHARMACY, U. C.
Audran's Favorite Opera,
THE MASCOT.
MELODY— FROLIC.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2.
NEXT WEEK— Xmas Spectacle, .
"THE YELLOW DWARF."
A Harvest of Song, Humor and Ballet.
Popular Prices, 25 and 50 cents. N. B.—
reserved seat for the Matinee, 2a cents. Our
Telephone, Bush 9. ;
MOROSCO'S GRANDS
v altkb Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manage!;
COMMENCING MONDAY, DEC. 12th,
First Time Here of the Great Comedy-Drama, ■
TEMPTATION
...0F...
MONEY!
SONGS, DANCES. MEDLEYS.
A ROARING COMEDY.
Beats on Bale at Box Office and Emporium.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Evening Prices 10c. 25c and 500
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. DEC. 17 AND 18.
Non- Winners' Stake
AND THE
GREAT MATCH RACE
BETWEEN— r-
PATRIA AND MOONDYNE
For $600.
Take a Mission-street car and it will land
you at the gates.
ADMISSION, 25c. LADIES FREE.
F*. C. J. C
(INGLESIDE.)
HANDSOMEST RACETRACK IN AMERICA.
Five op More Races Daily.
DECEMBER .. .777777 ....12TH
DECEMBER ......~..?~7. ...26TH
X SATURDAY,
THE HOB ART STAKES— MILES.
(23 ENTRIES.)
Trains leave Third-street station at 12:45 and
1:55 p. m.
Round-trip tickets. 25c.
Electric cars on Mission and Kearny street*
every three minutes. :
ADMISSION ..ONE DOLLAR.
S. N. ANDROUS. President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary.
DR.MGNULTY,
'PHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
i. Special isteuraf Private, Nervous, and Blood JJls-
faun o/ Men only. ■ Book on I'rivate Diseases and
Weaknesses of M en, free. Over '-Oy'rs' experience.
Patients curedat Home. Terms reasonable, Hoursß
t0 3 da11y; 6.30 to 8:30 ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddress
P. ROSI'OR MoMLTY, M.D.
*6^ Kearny St., Man Francisco, Cal.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver firmer.
Wheat dull and easy.
Barley weakened by the rain.
Oafs and Rye unchanged.
Corn advanced. «
Hay and Feedstuff? uncharged.
Beans and Seeds quiet.
Potatoes and Onions steady.
Butter and Errs quiet.
More Eastern Poultry due.
Game dull.
Fruits Inactive.
Meat market unchanged.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 14, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall In past twenty-four
ll0Ur6: Last This Last
Stations- 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.24 8.?1 l*-98
Hed Bluff 0.92 3-<K «■«*
Sacramento 0.60 --i »•*;
t^Mti Francisco 0.69 Z.S7 }■"<
■Fresno 0-30 £■<» i s -
Ban Luis Oblspo 0.59 1.3} }■•>'
Los Angeles 0.10 0.22 2.61
Han Diego 0.00 O.M 1.23
Yuma 0.00 0.70 0.77
Sun Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
4 v . minimum, 44; mean, 46.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is cloudy over the entire Pa
cific slope this evening, except in extreme
Northwestern California, where it is clear.
Rain has fallen generally over California as
far south as Los Angeles during the day and
will extend over the extreme southern portion I
of the State to-nicht and early Thursday
Imorning. It Is now raining at Fresno and Los
Angeles and snowing at Independence.
The pressure has risen over the northwestern
portion of the Pacific slope during the day
and fallen over the plateau region.
The temperature has fallen in Southern Call
1 mia and risen over the plateau region. Else
where it has remained about stationary.
Conditions are favorable for temporarily
clearing weather Thursday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, December 15, IS9S:
Northern California— Partly cloudy Thursday;
warmer; light northerly wind.
Southern California— Generally cloudy Thurs
day, except rain in the southern portion Thurs
day morning; warmer; light northerly wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Thursday, with snow In the
mountains.
I'tah— Cloudy Thursday, with snow in the
mountains of the south portion.
Arizona— Rain Thursday, with snow in the
mountains.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Thursday, probably becoming threatening
Thursday evening; light northeast wind;
warmer.
Special from Mount Tamalpais— Foggy; wind
north, 20 miles: temperature. 36; maximum. 42.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. 14.— Stocks rose fraction
ally to-day in many cases, while in some in
stances the gains were very considerable. After
an initial hesitancy decided support developed
In many spots. The boom in Americans in
London raused and there were realizing sales
from that quarter, but later became firm.
Sugar was feverishly heavy all day on a re
duction In the product and lost 2U. The de
moralization in this specialty helped the bears
to make an impression after midday and prices
dropped considerably, but actively ceased, as
usual of late, on a break and steadiness de
veloped. Tue VanderbUtS came into proml
rißnce, Lake Shore rising IS points above yes
terday's price. The strength of that group
sympathetically affected the rest of the list.
Missouri Pacific crossed 46, which perhaps may
be attributed to reports circulated alter the
close that it would come Into possession of
the Chicago and Alton. Western Union de
rlined slightly on Its poor showing for the six
months of the fiscal year. Northern Pacific
•was etrong on the expectations of a dividend on
the common, which was subsequently an
nounced. Atchiaon continued its upward move
ment on board-room gossip of developments
expected at next wr-.-k's meeting. Consolidated
Gas, wnose plant Buffered a quarter of a mil
lion loss by accident yesterday, sold off sharply.
The railroad bond mark-t showed Irrtgulnriiy
In spots, but the underlying tone was very good
and mar^cu gains occurred In some Issues.
Total 1,000.
r. S. new is and the old 4's coupon ad
vanced i, in the bid price.
The total sales ol stocks to-day were 760,900
phareg, including: Atchleon, 48,llS; do prefer
red, 6234; Canada Southern, C 700; central Pa
cific, 3'.i00; B. and 0., 9196; c. and O. 663i>-
Krie preferred, BOBS; Hocking Valley. 6110; L.
and N., 8475; Manhattan, 7196; Reading pre
ferred. 17,780; Missouri Pacific, 28.475; M. X
and T. preferred. E320; X. Y. Central. 17.380;
N. Y^ C and St. L. preferred. 1300; Southern
Pacific, S310; do preferred. 3931; Ontario and
"Western. 24.41"; [{.-ading. 14,290; Rock [stand,
H75; Union Pacific. &47'j: St. Paul. 12,715; South
ern preferred. 10.370; Texas and Pacific pre
ferred. 8000; Wabash preferred, 321*: W. and L
X . 10.000; Tobacco, 17.998; Steel. 47.455; do pre
ferred. 23,148; Peoples Gas. 4420: Paelfi.- Mail
<■ - . Sugar. 94,320: T. C. and 1.. 16.3H5; Leather
lo preferred. 25.95G; W. U. 4828; St. L
and 8. W. preferred, 4340; Chicago Great West
ern, 4400.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson IS% Bt Louis & S F... 8%
Do prefd 51% Do prefd 63
Baltimore & Ohio, Do id nrefd ;«4
all assmts paid.. 60* i 6t L & S W 71s
Canada Pacific Ku Do prefd .... 16 « l
Canada Southern., i.V* St Paul 1164
Central Pacific... 34»i Do prefd .... 163
Ches & 0hi0.'..*... 25", St p & Om 90>i
Chi & Alton 167 Do prefd 169
■ Chi B & Q 121H So Pacific 30
Hit & E 111 67 So Railway lsu.
: Do prefd 111% Do prefd 42%
Chi G W 15 Texas & Pacific!!! 16%
Chi Ind & L 7U Union Pacific .... 3S
Do prefd 34 Do prefd 70»i
Chi & N W 1421 A U P D & G, 2d
Do prefd 187 assmt paid 12
C c C & St L.... 44 NVabash S«
Do prefd 85 Do prefd 23^i
Del A. Hudson 106 Wheel {■ L X 4th
Del I- & W asr.-t paid '. .. *•■
Del & Rio a 15% Do prefd 27>!
.Do prefd 61»; Express Companies
trie new ..> 14% Adams Ex 10S
Do Ist prefd.... 37*; American Ex .... 142
Ft Wayne 175 United States 52
Gt Nor prefd 139U Wells Fargo 127
; Hocking Val 4% Miscellaneous-
Illinois Cent 114 A Cot Oil 341.:
Lake Erin & W.... lVi, Do prefd ". 88
Do prefd 53% Amn Spirits • 32".
I>ake Shore 208 Do prefd *V,>£
Louis & Nash tin Am Tobacco ...,!!lio±i
Manhattan L .... 99>4 Do prefd 127
Met St Ry 191H Cons Gas .......!!lliu
Mich Cent 113 Com Cable C 0. ...175
Minn &St L 2SU Col F & Iron. . 25V4
Do Ist prefd.... »5 Do prefd 81
Mo Pacific 454 Gen Electric ....'.". 93
Mobile & 0hi0.... 30<« Haw Coml C 0... . 61
Mo X & T 12», Intnl Paper 60
Do prefd 37 Do prefd 92
N J Central HSU Laclede Gas . 514
N V Central 121\ Lead ' U&
N V Chi &St L.. I 4' Do prefd 113U
Do Ist prefd.... 72 Nat Lin Oil 9
Do 2d prefd .... 37*; Pacific Mail .... 43
Nor West 16*, "eonle's Gas 109^
'No Amer Co 67* Pullman Pal 150
No Pacific 4Hj Silver Cert .. 59%
Do prefd 78U Standard R & T. 74
Ontario & W 17S Sugar ... . 12I>t'
Or R & Nay 60 Do nrefd 113H
Or Short Line..... 36H T C & Iron 34
Pac Coast Ist pfd. 82 US leather ....'.'. 64
Do ii prefd 64% Do prefd 70"i
Plttsburg 172 U S Rubber 464
Reading 19% Do prefd 112
1 Do Ist prefd .... 47* West Union 95
■ ROW 27 Fed Steel 34
I . Do prefd Cs4j Do prefd 7»U
. Rock m'& M:::::: 1i731 i 7 3; Brooklyn It T 727^
IBt P M & M 173 I ■ ■"
CLOSING BONDS
: V S 3s 106 v; N J C 4s Ul^i
|U S new 4s reg....l2S\i N Carolina 6s . 125
j Do coup 12SU Do 4s .105
, v a ** mg no Pac lsts . ..:.:; : ™
!_ Do 2<3s 99Vi Do Si 69$
1 t. 8 5s reg 113 Do 4b mis*
j Do Is coup 113 NYC& St L 45"106V4
District 3.65s 118 Nor & W 6.« !rIS?2
' ■*l? > asß A '" Northwestern c0n.143
! Do B 109 Do deb Ea 118
•■ Do C 100 O Nay lsts 114
, Do Currency 100 O Nay 4s 991'
; Atohißcn 4» 99',; O B Line tr...'.120
1 Do adj 4s reS O S Line fa jr. 11l
; Can So 2ds Ul' t Pacific 6g of §5. 102»i
iC&O4^s 91 Reading 45.. gfiivj
Chi T4B So RC. \V ißts. IT*
C & Ohio 5s 117U St L i 1 M ron's's'lbivi
'HAD 4M,8 104H StL4SP Ren 6sl°4i ?
ID4 R O lists 110 St P Con ' ic'Vi
d&r G4s ioo ; % st pC & p tati:::i»o2
East Term Ists lOiVi Do 55.. naif
! Eric Gen 4s 75V» So Ry 85. ..'.■." '" m
F W & D Jsta tr.. BS4 Standard It & f'" 78*4
1 Gen Elec 5s 107^ Term new set 3s 943?
.GII& SA 6s 107 Tex I'ao L G ls'ts'lM
. Do Ma 103 Do Rg 2&«..* «v
!H&T Css 113 Union Pur 4- "'m*
• Do con 6k 112 VPD & G ists "T;i
lowa C Ists ....106 Wai) Ist 65... 1131!
' La new con 4s 107 Do 2ds ..'" qjil
L& N Unl 4a 97 W Shore 4s "i"™
I Missouri 69 100 Va Centuries " riv
■MX & T 2ds 68V4 Do deferred... '" 7*
1 Do 4s 90U Wis Cent lsts... 63
, N V CentraMsts..ll7U ','. w
MINING STOCKS.
. Chollar lslOntar!o 5 co
1 Crown Point lOlOpbir X
- Con Cal & Va 1 00 Plymouth 10
> 7>adwood 35 Quicksilver 125
I Gould & Curry 20 Do prefd :.... 425
i Hale & Norcross.. 1 60 Sierra Nevada fto
I Homestake 50 00 Standard 1 55
Iron Silver 74 Union Con?.; 29
' Mexican 27 1 Yellow Jacket..... 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— • Ed Elec Tel 196
, Call loans 2@3|Gen Elec prefd... .158
1 Time loans 3#4 Atch prefd 57%
■ Stocks— ' Bonds—
I Atch Top &St Fe. 19 1 Atchison 4s 9814
■ Amer Sugar 122 T * New England 65.. 114
• Do prefd 111% General Elec 55....105^
Bay State Gas B%|Wls Central 1b 62H
Bell Tel 170 I Mining Shares-
Boston & Albany. .246 lAllouez Mm Co 6i»
Boston L mv; ! Atlantic 31M:
Chi Bur & o 121% Boston & M0nt.... 2.16
Fltchburg li* 1 * i Butte & Boston i>6
Gen Electric 93 [Calumet & 1iec1a..615
Mexican Central.. 6% Centennial 27
N V & N Eng.... 96 ,'Franklln 18
Old Colony jus I Old Dominion 33V4
Rubber 46 Oeceola 7<>H
Union Pac 35% Quincy 135
West End 90 Tamarack ;...170
Westlngh Elec :i'.»4 Wolverine 32
Do prefd 61<* Humboldt 3%
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. 14.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was less business In the market here to
day, but the tone was firm. All Interest cen
tered in Americans. They opened dull under
parity, traders being Inclined to take profits,
then rallied on New York purchases of coalers,
but later New York realized, causing a dull
finish. Spanish bonds were 43H on a report
that the coupon will be paid, 3 per cent in
gold. Money was harder. There was consid
erable from the bank at 4 per cent on three
days, in view of the impending demands.
CLOSING.
• 'nnadlan Pacific. B£Vi; Grand Trunk, 7"»; bar
ellver quiet, 27 7-16 d; money, il^i l^ per cent;
Spanish 4's closed at 43V*.
PARIS. Dec. 14.— Spanish 4's closed at 43.50.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Dec. H.— FLOUR-Roceipts, 22,
744 barrels; exports, 15.2T2. Moderately active
and Sin;, particularly for spring patents, clos
ing unsettled with wheat.
"WHEAT— Receipts. 72,120 bushels; exports,
374,427. Spot, easy; No. - red, 76c f. o. b.
afloat. Options opened firm and for half a day
■bowed a strong undertone on continued light
spring wheat receipts, local covering and big
clearances. The subsequent reaction was oc
casioned by foreign selling and rumors of in
creasing Russian stocks; closed <A@Mc net
lower. December, 71%@7294c, closed 71'zc;
March, 73®73*4c, closed 73c.
IPS— Steady.
WOOl,— Steady.
METALS— Although lead continued on the up
turn to-day there was a sharp reaction in tin
under a temporary withdrawal of buyers and
more urgent offering?, coupled with less favor
able news. The othsr departments were nerve
less and without change of importance. At
the close the Metal Exchange called:
PIGIRON Warrants nominal at $7 25.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged, with $12 75 bid
and 111 85 asked.
Easier, with $17 90 bid and SIS 05 asked.
LEAD— Very firm, with fl 70 bid and d 75
asked. The firm fixing the settling price for
leading miners and smelteits at the West quotes
lead at 13 50 and copper at $12 75.
SPELTER— Quiet, with »5 25 bid and $5 35
asked.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, December 10
points higher, others unchanged to 5 points
higher. Sales, 18,500 bags, including December,
$3 75; January, $3 SO; March, $3 »5®6; April,
$6 05; May, $6 05®« 10. Spot coffee— firmer;
No. 7 invoice, 6»ic; No. 7 jobbing. 7^«c; mild,
firm, tending upward; Cordova, 7%©16 c
SUGAR— weak and nominal; fair re
fining, 3%c; centrifugal, M test. 4 s »c; molasses,
3c; refined, easier and tame; mold A, S^c:
standard A and confectioners' A. sc; cut loaf
and crushed, 6%c; powdered, s'^c; granulated,
b\»c; cube, 5V«e.
BUTTER — Receipts, 4904 packages. Finn;
Western creamery, 15@21c; Elg.lns, 21c; fac
tory. 12@14>4c. .-. >
EGGS— Receipts, 5030 packages. Firm; West
ern, 2Cc; Southern, 22@24c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Dec. 14.— California dried fruits
firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 7@Bc;
prime wire tray, S"*ic; choice, 9Q9'ic; fancy,
10c.
PRUNES— 4-g-lO'ic
APRICOTS Royal, ll@14c: Moorpark. 14@17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, SVi<gl2Vjc; peeled, IS®
20c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
| CHICAGO, Dec. 14.— At the opening and un-
I til after the noon hour wheat showed a good
| deal of firmness. Opening- was 'ie higher. May
advanced under good general buying to Q&%6
6G' 2 <\ Here realizing and some selling against
calls resulted in a reaction to l @66'>ic, .but
about 2 hours from the opening buying became
very good again, and hoisted to 66*»c. Early
cables from Liverpool were somewhat disap
pointing, but Northwest markets were strong
and Minneapolis and Duluth receipts continued
to dwindle. Clearances were 865,000 bushels,
large enough to be a bull factor. One decided
ly unfavorable feature was the inability of
shippers to procure cars from the railroads for
I new business. It interfered almost entirely
i with business from this point. After noon the
market became weak. The positive statement
was made that Russia was offering wheat more
freely and that Russian export stocks of un
sold wheat were much larger than expected.
This and the breaking of drought in California
brought large quantities of long wheat into
the market and sent prices down rapidly. Near
the end of the session Liverpool reported se
rious damage to the Argentine wheat crop,
but this had no effect in staying the liquida
tion, and the market was weak to the close:
May declined to 6o%!(2'6ci»ic and closed at 65»ic.
Corn was rather dull. The market early
was helped by the wheat strength and higher
cables. As in wheat, the shortage of cars for
shipping business seriously interfered with
cash trading and this in turn depressed the
speculative market. The late weakness of
wheat also had un unfavorable effect, consid
erable corn bought early being put back on the
market. May closed >;c lower.
There was not enough trade in oats to make
an Independent market and prices followed
corn. May closed >»S^4c lower.
Provisions were active and quite irregular.
The market opened weak and lower, due la an
other heavy run of hogs, but good local and
outside support caused prices to score a good
advance. Packers were liberal sellers through
out and when the early demand had been sat
isfied the market lost all its strength and
prices slowly declined again. The close was
rather heavy. May pork, 2> c lower; May
lard, 2>^!(isc lower, and May ribs 2 : ii&.'.c lower
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close '
Wheat No. 2— •■■--.
December 64^ 65 64M, 64% '
May 6<>>4 66% 65% 66\
JU^rnNoV 2 - ii « 64% 64%
Corn No. 2—
December 33% 33<4 83". 3312
May 34% 34»; 34«4 34%
July 35% 35>4 34» ?A\
Oats No. 2—
December 26% 26%4 26« 26 ;
May 26's 26% 26* 26%
Mess Pork, per barrel—
January 9 35 9 45 9 S:, 9 37 14
May 9 &5 9 70 9 55 9 62' i
Lard, per 100 pounds—
January 520 D 25 5 17K E 17tt
May ...„ 540 645 5 37-" 6 37".
Short Ribs, per ICO pounds —
January 4 t;74 470 465 465
May 4 82% 490 480 4 82%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, easy; No. 3 spring Wheat, 61@-fi3i4c;
No. 2 red. 66*8680; No. 2 Corn, 33% c; No. 2
Oats. 26Vt<27e; No. 2 white, 29c; No. 3 white
2802814 c; No. 2 Rye, 55c: No. 2 Barley, f. o. b.'
3<VS!49c; No. 1 Flnxpeed. %l 04©l 04V4; Prime
Timothy Seed. $2 1714: Mess Pork, per barrel
>S 07\608 10; Lard, per 100 pounds, $5 12H@D 20 '
Short Rib Sides, loose, $4 EMM 75; Dry Salted
Shoulders, hosed, i\','cH 3 Short Clear Sides
boxed, *4 5504 S7>4; Whisky, distillers 1 finished
goods, per gallon. Si IS; Sugar, cut loaf and
granulated, unchanged.
Article?— ' Receipts. Shipments
Flour, barrels 65.000 47,000
Wheat, bushels 231,000 33,000
Corn, bushels 452.000 63,000
Oats, bushels 676,000 190,000
Rye bushel* 60,000 3,000
Barley, bushels 137.000 14,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries. 1449194 c; dair
ies, 13@lSc. Cheese, steady; S^i^lOHc. Eggs,
easy; fresh, 21@21Hc
• ' ' WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cltl»!>— Bushels. Bushel«.
Minneapolis 443, - 34,020
Duluth ..; 356,052 160,346
Milwaukee ! 45.750 83.500
Chicago 230,750 17,724
Toledo 48.666 6,000
Bt. Louis 3.1,000 68,000
Detroit 12,370 . 25.51S
Kansas City 25,600 43,000
Totals .................:. 1,200,508 407,403
Tidewater-
Boston .'.'."....
New' Y0rk.....: 72,150 314.427
Philadelphia 50,345 137,
Baltimore 94,653 . 83.827
New/ Orleans
Galveston 48,720
Totals
j LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening 6 10% 5 854 5 7
Closing 5 9% 5 8% 5 6%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour-
Opening ..... 45 20 / 41 65
Closing. 45 05 44 60
Wheat-
Opening 20 55 20 ?5
Closing 20 36 20 75
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET. -
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Dec. CATTLE— were
, well. matured sold readily to-day at strong
prices, there being hardly enough to meet re
: quirements. Sales on basis of $3 So@4 50 for
i commoner grades up to - $565 CO for good to
■ choice shiplng beeves, a few choice to ' fancy
i Xmas cattle, found buyers at $5 60<S$6. Stockers
! and feeders, $3©4 35. . .
HOGS— As a rule were 24c lower than yester
day, at an extreme range of $3 2503 55, bulk of
sales $3 40@3 424. Pig". $3 2.1@3 35.
Business In sheep and lambs was only fairly
active. Sheep, $2 50^3 for the poorest up to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1898.
1 4 25 for good to strictly prime grades; west
erns sold freely at $3 50<{?4 15; yearlings. $4 25
(84 CO; common to prime flocks of lambs, $4@5 60;
westerns, 54 80<g5 10.
Receipts— Cattle, 15,500; hogs. 51,000; sheep,
13,000.
DENVER.
DENVER. Colo.. Dec. 14.— CATTLE— Receipts,
800; market active and firm. Beef steers.
fa 7" •■ 4 80: cows, S3® 3 50; feeders, freight paid
to river. S3 50@4 25; stockers. freight paid, $3 75
ii-i 50; bulls, stags, etc., 51 75#2 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 200; market slow, shade
lower. Light packers, *3 35@3 40; mixed, *3 30®
3 85; heavy. 83 2(>(p3 30.
SHEEP— Receipts, 300; market steady. Good
fat muttons, $4 60@4 75; lambs, |4 75@5 25.
* KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Dec. CATTLE— Receipts,
9000; market steady to strong. Native steers.
12 5606; Texas steers. $3<&<4 85; Texas cows, $1 SO
&3 10; native cows and heifers, Jl 50(g4; stock
ers and feeders. |2 60<S4 15; bulls, *2 50@3 50.
•HOGS— Receipts, 20,000; market weak to 5c
lower. Bulk of sales, $3 30@3 40: heavies, $3 30
@3 45; packers, $3 2803 45; mixed, $3 25498 42>..;
lights. $3 15@3 35; Yorkers. $3 30@3 35; piss.
J3 90@3 97^.
I Receipts. 2000: market (Inn. Lambs,
$3 40&;. 65; muttons, $2 50@4 20.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Dec. 14.— CATTLE— Receipts. 2700;
market steady. Native beef steers, 14 20<g>5 30;
Western steers, $3 70@4 30; Texas steers, $3 50
@4; cows and heifers, $3® 4 50: stockers and
feeders, $3 25©4 40; calves, J-lftO 75; bulls, stags,
etc., }2 25i?3 S5.
HOGS— Receipts, 19,000; market So lower.
Heavy, J3 3003 35: mixed. $3 8003 32%: light.
$3 36@3 40; pigs, *B©3 30; bulk Of sales, $3 32%@
3 35.
.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3000: market steady. Na
tive muttons. $3 60*?4 SO; Western muttons.
$3 30(54 10; stockere, 12 5098 60; lambs, $4 360
5 85.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Dec. 14.— The American Wool and
C tton Reporter will say to-morrow of the
w< 1 trade:
A large business has been transacted In wool
during the past week. This Is the result of
liberal purchasing by manufacturers, large and
small. There has also been some buying by
outside parties on speculative- account. The.
purchasing has been of a general character
and some good lines of domestic wools have
been taken. Including No. 1 washed . and un
washed fleeces, medium wools, spring Califor
nia and Texas wools, as well as good-sized
amounts of territory. Pulled wools have also
been conspicuous for their activity.
Prices show no improvement, however; in
fact, sales wore made last week as at low
figures as has been seen this year, and at no
time have fine fleeces sold at as low prices as
were paid for wools last week.
The sale of wools in Boston amount to
3.55,";.00n pounds on domestic and 3,336,000 pounds
foreign, making- a total of 5,219,000 pounds,
against a total of 3,037,000 pounds for the pre
vious week, and a total of 2,544, 400 pounds for
the corresponding week last year.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Dec. — Consols, HO *,: silver,
27 7-lGd; French rentes, 102f 97'jc: wheat car
goes off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on pas
sage, dull for while, firm for red, 3d higher;
No. 1 standard California, 335.
LIVERPOOL. Dec. 14.— WHEAT — Steady;
wheat In Paris, dull; flour In I'aris, dull;
French country markets, dull.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 5-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT — Futures closed quiet, 6s 9 id;
March. 5s B%d; May. 5s 7d.
Futures, quiet; December, 3s 9" d;
January, new, 3s S'-«d; March, 3s 7%d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Ore., Dec. 14.— Wheat dull at
unchanged figures; Walla Walla, 67968 c; valley,
OSi&GOc; blue stem, 61c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Dec. Wheat club, 58c; blue
stem, 61Hc.
Cleared — Kilmallie. for Capetown
with 382 packages fruit and 102,4."0 bushels
wheat; bark Heathfield, for Queenstown with
6,083,000 pounds wheat.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Dec. 14.— Exchanges. $338,399;
balances, $52,100.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 82%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 453
Sterling Cables — 4 &3%
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17V4
Fine Silver, per ounce — C9V4
Mexican Dollars — 471^
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— rain produced little or no effect
on the market, which continued dull and easy.
Spot wheat— Shipping, $1 13»ii3l 16Vi ; milling
U 17HS1 22>4.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May— 2ooo
ells, $i 16%; 16.000. $1 16&.
Second Session— May— ctls, $1 16%: 14,
000. $1 16^.
Regular Morning Session— May — ctls,
$1 16%; £4,000, $1 IGVi; 8000, $1 s*.5 *. December—
4000, a 13.
Afternoon Session— May— lo,ooo ctls, %l 16%.
BARLEY— The rain weakened the views of
holders, who were willing to sell at conces
sions.
Feed, $1 27%(gl 30; Brewing, $1 BSOI 45 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — May— 2ooo ctls,
$124%.
Afternoon Session— Seller 99, new— 2ooo ctls,
86' s c: 2000, 96c; 2000, 959; c.
OATS— The market ruled dull at unchanged
quotations.
Fancy Feed, tl 27^4@1 30 per ctl; good
to choice. $1 22i4©l 25: common. ?1 20;
Surprise. $1 35®1 42%; Gray. Jl 20@l 22^: mill
ing, $1 25@1 30 per ctl; Red, Jl 40@l 47%; Black,
%l 60© 1 70.
I CORN— Prices show an advancing tendency,
owing to light stocks.
Small round yellow, $1 lSi^-i 17V4: Eastern
-large yellow, $1 10@l 12V&: white, $1 10©l 124;
mixed, $1 07,4 per ctl; California white, $1 12-.
@1 15.
«RYE— O-.H'ornia. $1 17'/4@l 20; Eastern, $1 15
aUC*kwHEAT— Ib nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15®4 25; bakers'
extras, $3 90@4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $3 25(33 50: Buckwheat
Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina
$4 M; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $5 SM/S 25; in sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The rain checked trading In Hay, so there
was no chance to report. Fcedstuffs also re
mained the same.
BRAN— sls^l6 SO per ton.
MIDDLINGS— 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $26 50@27 30 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31031 50: Job
bing. $S'.Vjt>32 50: Cocoanut Cake, $24923; Cotton
seed Meal, $28030 per ton: Cornmeal, $23 500
24 60: Cracked Corn, $24^25.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $16 60© 13 for
good to choice and $14^16 for lower grades*
no fancy coming In; Wheat and Oat, $151^16 60:
Oat, $14ig'15 50; Island Barley. $Uffil4: Alfalfa.
Sll@l2 60; Stock, $11012; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAT— Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $13 505^15: Cheat
$11 755D12 75; Alfalfa. $10@10 60; Oat $13 50(315-
Clover. $11 f,0®12; Timothy, $11 60@13 per ton. '
BTBA.W— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
All descriptions under this head remain as
previously quoted.
BEANS— Bayos. / $2(g,2 10; Small Whites
$2 15(g,2 20; Large Whites, $1 80<8!l 95; Pinks
$2©2 10; Reds, $3 15@3 25; Ulackeye. $3 7SQ4;
Butters. $2(82 50; Limas. $3 25@3 35; Pea, $2 30ia
2 50: Red Kidneys. $2 40@2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 M>@4 75 per ctl
yellowMustard. $4 25; Flax. $2,52 25: Canary
Seed. 2i4®2^c per lb; Alfalfa, 6«4@6%c; Rape
l i\c: Hemp. 2H@3c; Timothy 5<&54,c '
DRIED PKAS-Nlles. $1 60@l 75; Green,' $1 75
©1 86 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Values remain undisturbed.'
POTATOES-50@65c for Early Rose; 40@60c for
River Burbanks: Salinas Burbanks, 75c@$i io-
Oregon, 75c@$I 10; Sweet Potatoes, 60@60c for
nearby and $1 SOI 35 for Merced; New Pota
toes, 14@2&c,per lb.
ONIONS— SO@7Sc per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 6r; Strlnsr
Beans. ;,<§7c; Cabbage. 40«50c; Tomatoes 25"*
60c for Bay and 50c<&$l for Los Angeles- Fkk
Plant, -lOfflSe per.lb: Garlic. 7(§ 8c per lb: Dried
Okra, 15c per lb; Green Peppers, 3<risc nor ih-
Dried Peppers, lO@15c; Marrowfat Squash 18
@12 per ton; Carrots, 25@35c per sack. '
POULTRY AND GAME.
Another car of 'Eastern goes on to-day. The
market continue? depressed. Game rules dull
and generally weak.
Eastern is selling at $5@5 50 for Ducks, Hens
and young Roosters, $5 for old Roosters, $4 50
for Fryers and $4 for Broilers.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 12@15c- live
Turkeys, 12%@13c for Gobblers and 12@13c for
Hens: Geese, per pair, •$1 50@l 75; Goslings
$1 WUI 75; Ducks, $44(6 50- for old and $4 .vna
6 50 for young; Hens, $3 50^4 50; young Roos
ters, $4@5; old do, $4®4 50; Fryers. $4(g4 50-
Broilers, $4@4 25 for large, $3(g3 50 for small-
Pigeons, $I@l 25 per dozen for old and $1 soft
2 for squabs. ->- >,**»stee|tefsags» -■• ■■--..■ .. ~
GAME— Quail, $1 25; Mallard. $303 50; Can
vasback. teiglO; Sprig,- $2; Teal, $lfl 25; Wid
geon. $1 2r.@i £0; Small ' Duck, »I®l 25; English
Snipe, $2^2 50; Jack Snipe, $l<g>l 25; Gray Geese.
•■■;■•*• ::. ' - . .\~:' ■ ' : "
$2 50; White Geese, $125; Brant. J150©175:
Honkers. 33@4 60; Hare. 75c@»; Rabbitß. $1 23
4*l 50 for Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS. - '
What effect the rain will have on Butter and
Eggs is not yet apparent. Thera was little
change yesterday, one way or the other, and
both were rather quieter than they have been.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 294T30c; sec
onds, 28c.
Dairy — Choice to . fancy, 24@260; common
grades, 18@23c.
Pickled , Goods— Firkin. 17011 c: pickled roll.
17@18cfor dairy and 19ii?0e for creamery
B&uares; creamery tub, 22£22Vic.
Eastern Butter — Ladle packed. 16®16V40 per
lb; Elgin. 22<if22V2C.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. ll%®i:c; old. 10
©lie: Cream Cheddar. 12@12%c; Young Amer
ica. 12c: Eastern. 12@13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 33033 c per dozen; sec
onds, 27U932ttc; Eastern, 22H<8Z5c for ordi
nary and 2S@3oc for fancy.
DECIDUOUS.AND CITRUS FRUITS.
There are no Strawberries of any consequence
coming In now. The other fruits are dull at
unchanged prices.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Cranberries, $7 50©9 per barrel for Runt
em and Jl@l 50 per box for Coos Bay.
Apples, 35@60c for common. 75c4j$1 per box
for No. 1 ami $1 &©1 00 for choice. Lady Ap
ples, $1 25@1 75.
— 50c(i?$l 25 per box.
Persimmons— Nominal. '
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, J2WS per
box; Seedlings, $1 25@1 75; Mandarins, $1 25©1 50;
Lemons, Jl's2 for common and $2 r.O'n.T 50 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes. $3 &o®4; Cali
fornia Lime?. 2'.@soc per small box> Grape
Fruit. $1 50@3 r,O; Bananas. $1 60©2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3®S per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes. 6%c for 40-50 s. ■r.-.-ii)
6c for 50-60's, 31&@3*&C for «0-70"s, 2%@30 for
70-SO's, tWOVtiC for 80-90's, 2c for 90-100's and
lVs@l%c for 100-110's; Silver Prunes, . 2H®sc;
Peaches, 6<Ji:7'/sc for good to choice, 7>-4@Bc for
fancy and 10®12Hc for peeled: Apricots, 10f?i2c
for Royals and 12<3)12%0 for Moorpark; Evapo
rated Apples, 7 1 .ifu7'wc; sun dried, in' ](..,•; Black
Figs, Backs, 24f2%c; Plums, 4V4@00 for pitted
and llg'lMc for unpltted; Nectarines, c@7c for
prime to fancy; Pears. 6@Sc for quarters and
S>o9c for halves.
RAISINS— 3»Ic for two-crown. 4?ic for three
crown. 5%c for four-crown, ."',,.;•..,■ for Seed
less Sultanas, 4%c for Seedless Muscatels and
Jl 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2?iffi3e
Chestnuts. S@l2Vc per 1b; Walnuts,
6(&'7c for hardshell, 9©lfc for softshell; Al
monds, 6@7c for hardshell, 13c for softshell, H (
15c for paper-shell: Peanuts. fi@7c for Eastern
and 4H@Sc for California; Cocoanuts, $4 oOi;."
HONEY— Comb, 10911 c for bright and S@9o
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6\Oi
7c; llcht amber extracted, 6c; dark, s@sUc
Pe BEESWAX-24S2Cc per lb.
BEESWAX— 24Q2Cc per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 7Hc per lb for
heavy, Sc for light medium. 10c for light, lOVio
lor extra light and. 12@12%C for sugar cured;
Kastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10@10Vic; California
Hams, 9',£@9%c; Mess Beef, $10 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $11; Family Eeef, $12 00; extra
Prime Pork, $10; extra clear. JIS; mess, $.15 500
16; Smoked Beef. 31%®12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5 1 - 2 c per lb for
compound and 7<g7 l *c for pure: half-barrels,
pure, 7'i.c: 10-lb tins, Sc; 5-lb tins, S' t c.
COTT.OLENE— Tierces, E%CNHic; packages
less than 300 lbs. 1-lb pails. 60 In a case. Bftc;
S-lb pails. tO in a case, B%c: 6-lb pails, U in a
case, SV»c; io-ib pails, 6 in a case, B%c; :.u-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case. 7%c; wooden buckets, 2>J
lbs net, S\r; fancy tubs, SO lbs net. 7T^c; half
barrels, about HO lbs, 7*ic.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOP 3.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about 1c under the quotation?. Heavy Baited
6teers, 10c; medium. S%c; Hunt, 80; Cowhides,
Sc; Stags. Cc; Salted Kip, So; Calf, 8c; dry
Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands, 12c; dry
Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, l"c; Sheepskins,
shearlings. 15®25c each; short wool. 3i>B4oe
each; medium, 60(gS0c; long wool. 90c(3>$l 10
each; Horse Hides, salt, $17592 for large and
76c for small; Colt*, 50c; Horse Hides, dry, $1 50
for large and 50c@$l for small.
TALLOW— 1 rendered. 3tt®3%c per 1b;
No. 2, 2%c; refined, 4 i ;@sc; Grease. 2c.
WOOL— Spring clipe— Southern Mountain. 12
months', 7(&'9c; San Joaquin and Southern, 7
months'. S@9c; Foothill and Northern, free. 1]
®14c;. Foothill and Northern, defective. 9@llc;
liumboidt and Mendoclno, 14@loc; Nevada, 9@
lie; Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
* Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendoclno 9i??ll
Northern Mountain 7® 8
Southern 6$ 714
Plains 5@ 6
HOPS— crop. IZ&QI4C per lb for ordinary.
H'.kOloVjc for good and 16@18c for choice to
fancy.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Baps for n»xt season,
nominal, at 4%5J5c: Wool Hags. 26@2Sc; San
Quentln Bags, {4 85.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton: New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
16; Bryant, ?6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, 57 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. (8 5899 In bulk and $10
C&10 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle Gate. $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk
and $14 In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered, 6y ; Candy
Granulated, 6%c; Dry Granulated, s*ic; Confec
tioners' A. 5%c: California A, :>'•■■: Magnolia A
r.%c; Extra C, 5Uc: Golden C, s>£c: half-barrels
%c more than barrels, and boxes V.-c more. No
order taken for less than 70 barrels or Its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The market continues quiet at unchanged
prices.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6Vjc: second quality, 6c:
third quality. 4',4<gsHc.
VEAL— 6H97Hc; small, 6KOBc per lb
MUTTON— Wethers. 7©Be; Ewes. 7c. .
LAMB— 7%OSc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4c for large, 4»4c for me
dium, and 3V«<ii,3V4c for small; stock Hogs 2V4@
8c; dressed Hogs. 6(g6u c for prime. /
PRODUCE RECEIPTS.
For Wednesday, December 14. :
Flour, qr sks.... 20,710 Wool, bales .... 6
Wheat, ctls 1,340 Powder, car.. .. 1
Barley, ctls 18,143 Eggs, doz •. S 'SO
Cheese, eUs 1 104 Wine, gals 571600
Butter, ctls * 91 Brandy, gals .... 15,055
Tallow, ctls 240 Pelts, bdls 159
Beans, sks 7 Hides, No 3 -ci
Potatoes, ctls .. 830 Lumber, fp«>t .... 30 000
Onions, sks 125 Leather, rolls .. '14-,
Bran, nks 1.410 Lime, bbls .. lif>
Middlings 1,045; Raisins bxs .... 3 153
Shorts 100 Sugar, sks '7;:.-,
Straw, tons 9 Sugar, bbls 90
Hay, tons 1471 \
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... 1,600 Wheat, ctls 170
Barley, ctls 6.755 Hay. tons L . 40
Oats, ctls 1.5801 Potatoes, sks ... 21$
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 10;
WASHINGTON.
Oats, ctls 225 Bran, sks 300
"vVh»at, ctl« ..... 12.470 Flour, sks .... 7.290
Barley, ctls 1.0361
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs M E Sweasy. Phil.! A 3 Willing, Pal.
<: A Granger, Oregun O J Moseley, I'kiah
F H I-'urrar. Merced 12 Whtteheud, Sacto
E T Hopkins, Sh C G T Wait, Sactu
"VV II Turner, Merced Mrs M Dlckensoß Cal
M B Wallach & w C W Thomas, Cal
Belvedere. .1 J Stephens, Cal
P E Keating', Pleae't'n McKee Rankin, N T
s F ii,,^e, V s N Miss Nance O'Nell.N V
F Brown, Oakland .T H S'-hroeder & w, Ct
John Kenefick, Tucker H R Robblns, Oakland
.1 II Millzner, Tucson E W Akerman, S Diego
A], HoppaUKlutw UtahiJ S Walsh, P Itobles
A W Grund, Chicago 1H Punard, Monterey
P F Smith, San Diego j A X Thornton&w Utah
3" F Savage. L Angeles Mrs .1 S Manning-, Cal
R E Morrow, Bakersf'd Father Kane, Sonora
A H Newlin, L Angeles F Wurren&w, Boston
VV X Baron, L Angeles A Weller, St Louts
»f» f C Hall&w, Illinois J A Helllngs. N V
Miss F Case, Illinois E H de Barrow, N V
G C Alexander, Hon'lu H H El worthy. N H
W B Bell, Honolulu C W Payne, Napa
"VV II Way, Detroit "W Biggs Jr, Oroville
H Carr, New York Miss A M Roberson Cal
L Koland, Cleveland I Mrs J Ellison R Bluff
AY L Isham, ('ourtland G I Cason, Colusa
Miss Ceil, Falmaa C A Hall & w, Cal
D Patten, Napa Jj A Ppit^er, San Jose
H G Tumor, Modesto J S Hulse, L, Angeles
G W Klsey, Modesto Miss Bennett, Salinas
C S Ruggles, Stockton
PALACE HOTEL.
J II P.andreau, ModstoiC Luetenback, Rndsbg 1
\V H Weber, Cligo Mrs Luetenback, Rndbi?
F Melllken. NY 1"> C Smith, Kans City
Mrs S Melliken, N V J\V Hunt, D C
Miss Tiiompson, NY JR de Lamar, N V
S II Hutchinson. Nebr V M Clement. London
F D Merwin, NY R H Flint. San Juan
Mrs A Kelly. Petaluma W H Woodworth. Mass
F N Southwick. Me C L Crelm;in. Mass
<■ W Gaflfney, Portland Dr D F Fox. Sacto
Mrs C \V Gaffney, Port J M Minturn, Minturn
J Gavey, London C D Stevens, Mass
M Cooper. i_«ndon T Flint Jr & w. S Juan
G E Ames, Anaconda A Zoffer, Germany
Mrs Ames, Onaconda 3 F I?.i-"1k, Jackson
Miss Ames, Anaconda A H Burnmesly&w.Cal
F F Barbour, Palo Alt i Mrs F McLaughlln,
H M Landsberger, Ala Santa Cruz
C F Smith, Seattle Miss McLaughlin, SCrz
J I) Farrell. Seattle R T Schrab«tadle9, Mo
Mrs Farrell, Seattle M A Lewis & w. N V
\V Klein, NY G Wallerstein & w, NY
L M Hermann, Chgo I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
T Pennington. Saoto 'J A Cooper. Manila
Miss I) Pennington. NY J H Evans. Manila
D H Schaeffer, N V IT Davln, Manila
A Damuler. Oakdale |P F Dooley. Manila
F Smith, Stockton J I>evy. Manila
J Jones, San Jose Fowler. Vallejo
O M Harvey. Texas Mrs H Grand. Utah
F G Lewis, Manila G Lowic. Calistoga
C D Morton, Manila E F Preston. Reno
Wf A Pollard, Manila J C Troy, Los Ang
THE STOCK MARKET.
J!!nlns stocks continued to shrink under a
llßlit business.
Local securities! w»je generally firm, with
Improved quotations for several of the sugar
•tOCka and Olant Powder. The latter advanced
to Ssl) 67"-i and Hawaiian Commercial to $53 50.
The Oakland Oas. Light and Heat Company
will pay Hh regular monthly dividend of '.5
oenta per share to-day.
Thn new stock of the Hutchinson Suffar
Plantation Company will he ready for Issue
and exchant'e for the present Rtock before the
first of the year. Several months ago the
(tockholdera authurlz<'»l an Increase of the num
ber of .«i!Mi-i'M from 00.000 to 100.000, but by mak
ltiK the r>ur value $2.'. per share, Instead of $50,
iih at present, th« total amount r>f capital will
lenmln unc h.snßcd at $2.T.00.0<Ki. The exchange
of iharea Will he at the rate of two shares of
now itock for one ihare of the old.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, bee. 14.
r. ■::- Hid. Ask. Hl.iAHk.
U. S. Bonds- Pac L C 0...... 48 —
4b quar coup.. — — B F <", & E... 84% 85
4a <iua.r reg... — — Sun Kran...... — 3V4
4s -quar new... — — Stockton Gas.. — il4
So quar coup.. — — Insurance—
Miscellaneous— Film's Fund. 2lo' —
Cal-st Cab 58..115 in Water Stocks— . . -
Cal El fa 123 — Contra Costa.. 30 64
C<• \V:ii 55...10114 — Marin C 0...... 60 —
Dup-tl ex c... — 98V4 Spring; Vulli-y. 101*4102
E L A v C 8...130 — Hank Btocka—
F& Cl lly 6s. lU. — An,;!" 'HI .... «3>4 63
Geary-at II Bs. — 100 Hank of Ca1.. 2;". 2SGV&
11 CA H G&s.. — — Cal HI) A T.. M 100
I. A L. Co to.. 99 — First Natlonl.2ls —
Do gntd Bs.. 1024102% Ixin I' & A.... 183 —
Market-8t 6S..ILM — M,. r Kxclmngp — 1«
• Dp Ist M r.H.115V4116 Nev Nat 1!.. ..175 177
NCN <; It "n.10"! — Havings linnkn— *
n Hv Cal (a. .114 — On s k L..1623 —
N Ry Cal Cb..105%105^ Hum I & L..1060 1160
N V C.H H bs.ioj — Mutual Bay. — 42%
NPCIt It 6m. 101% — 8 F Say U. 600 —
N Cal it li C 5.103 105 s & i. 80.... — 100
Oak Ga« Kb. ...109 — Security 8 B 300 850
Om Uy >•.: 127.4 — Union T C 0.1060. 1060 —
V &<M Ky fiH.lO7 — Stiorl Railroads—
P A <> fa 112 — California ....109 —
Powell-it Ch...117Hi122 1 ; 4 Geary 4." —
Sac El Hv 58.100 — Markal nt .... n% &S'/4
PF & \ r 69.110% — Oak 81.ft H. - —
BlerraßCnl Cs.lO4Vilor.Vfc [> r «Hldlo ....... 8V4 —
HiP of At C5..11l 1124 I'owdiT—
BI 1 C6s()9or.-«)lU%li:"^ California . ... 135 —
s !■ c6s (l'.ML'dif.'iii;^ X DynatnltP... »5 <•(>
BPCIs eg B».108 — (Slant Con Co. £.:>% 60
SP Br 65.. v .-.-.118% — VlKorlt 3% 3*
B V Water 65. 119 120 i MlßcllniiPouß—
B V l lm).102% — • Al I'ac ABsn..lO.'l'4lo4Vi
8 V \V4s(3dm). 100^101'/. Ocr U\ Wk«,.iw . —
Stktn Gas 65. .100 , — liana PI Co.. 17> 17%
Gas & Electric— 1 II C A B Co.. 63% &4
Capital Gas... — — I Hutch SI" Co, 64 C4<4
Cent Oaaliirtat.lOS — Mer i r .x Anon. 90 —
Cent 1- & P... 13 18% I Oceanic s Co.. 68 —
Mutual El Co. 1114 12 iPac A F A... 1 —
Oakland Gas.. 52Vi 63 I Pac C lior Co.lol —
I'ac Gas Imp.. — sr, I Par Paint Co. 714 —
Morning Session.
Board —
45 Giant Powder Con 58 Zn
100 H;ma Plantation Co 17 25,
100 Hawaiian Commercial .t Sugar, s 30.. 52 00
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 52 12^4
i is Hut hlsson s p Co 64 oo
50 Oceanic s S Co 5S oo
100 Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm 125
10 San Francisco Gaslight 3 00
150 Vigorit Powder 3 50
Street—
33 First National Bank 218 00 •
20 Huichlnson S P Co 63 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
60 Central Light & Power 13 00
26 Giant Powder Con 59 00
15 Giant Powder Con 59 12V&
40 Giant Powder Con, b 6 59 25
25 Giant Powder Con, b 4 , 53 25
6 Giant Powder Con 50 37V&
1." Giant PuwiltT i.ii 59 50
5 Giant Powder Con 59 624
175 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 53 50
35 Hutchinßon B P Co 64 25
30 Market Street Railway 58 25
110 Market Street Railway, s HO 58 00
SI IS V 4 per cent bonds (3d mtge)...lol uO
$7000 S P of C 6 per cent bonds (05-6)..lll 75
150 Vigorlt Powder 350
Street—
100 Hut.-hinson S P Co 64 00
GO Spring Valley Water 10137^
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board-
IS California Safe Deposit 98 00
125 Equitable Gaslight 700
25 Centra] Light & Power 13 00
Street—
25 Kquitable Gaslight 7 00
Afternoon Session.
: I .".tral Light & Power 12 50
"."Mutual Electric 11 C2H
5u Mutual Electric 1175
-MIXING! STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
•her 1G 300 Mexican •>»
Son Best & 8.-lcher. 37 100 Occidental 105
- ' ■ ' ■ '> '•;il & Va..l Id 2000 Overman 08
■ '"'• iilJ & Curry. l!7i 2"0 Sierra Nevada.. 87
3uo Hale & Norcrs. 13 100 Union Con is
5u Mexican 2a 15001 500 Utah 12
Afternoon Session.
800 Best & Belcher. 36'200Ophir 55
F.O Best & Belcher. 3." 100 Potosi 18
25" Con Cal & Va,.l 06 W0 Potosi 17
400 Crown Point 14 500 Scorpion . 04
300 Gould & <"urry. 25 200 Sierra Nevada.'.' S7
500 Hale & Norcrs. 12 200 Sierra Nefrada . S9
200 Mexican 28 50 Sierra Nevada.. 88
100 Occidental 105 200 Yellow Jacket.. 15
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning- Session.
3200 Andes 06 1 300 Mexican "8
500 Belcher 15 .300 Overman . 08
400 Best & Belcher. 36:4m> Hierra Nevada 87
700 Con Cal & Va.il 10 3* Utah 11
W0 grown Point.... if, 200 Yellow Jacket.. 15
200 Hale & Norcrs. 13
Afternoon Session.
4W Best & Belcher. 261400 Ophlr . ta
300 Best & Belcher. 37 600 Overman .'..::" 08
em) Challenge Con.. 15 1 700 Potosi 000 0
I I Con Cal A Va.] 07H 300 Sierra Nevada.. 87
STO on Cal & Va..l 051300 Sierra Nevada.. a°
400 Gould & Curry. 261600 Utah n
700 Hale & Norcrs. 12 1 950 Yellow Jacket.. 15
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, Dec. 14— 4 p. m.
Bid.Ask, Bid Ask
Alpha Con .... 08 05 Julia — 02
Alt.i — 11 Justice 16 \i
Andes 06 07 Kentuck 08 Oil
Belcher 16 17 Lady Wanhgtn — 05
Bentdn Con .... 04 10 1 Mexican 29 30
Best it Belcher 37 3S I Occidental 105 —
Bullion — 04|Ophlr 56 57
Caledonia 17 20' Overman 08 09
• 'licilliir ft 20| Potosi 17 19
Challenge Con.. 34 IS Savage 13 14
Confidence 65 60 Scorpion 03 04
Con Cal .* Va.l 05 1 W Beg Relnher.... 03 05
<'..n Imperial .. — 02 Sierra Nevada 90 P2
Crown Point... 14 15 Silver Hill — 06
Con -New York. -- (i". Syndicate 05 —
Eureka c,,n 30 — Standard 185 —
Exchequer — 02 Union Con 18 19
Gould & Curry. 25 'JG Utah 11 12
Hale & Norcrs. 31 12' Yellow Jacket. 15 16
SUN, MOON AND TIDiS.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High am! Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur ay
the City front (Mission-street wharf) about
tWenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 15.
Pun rises 7:19
Sun sots 4:52
Moon sets 7:36 p. m.
11.
Ft.
Ft.
?.'■'
4.!
8:
J.fl
11
1
6.1
7
7
8
i.i
NOTE— In the above exposition or tne tides
the early morning tides are Klven in the left
hand column and the successive tide. 1 ? of the
day In the order of occurrence a» to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are hut
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
Klven are additions to the sounrttnes en the
United States Coast Purvey charts, except
when a minus sltrn <— ) precedes the height,
and then the number eriven is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is th<» menn of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, TJ. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., De
cember 14. 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. IT. S. N.. in charge.
SIEAmERS TO ARRIVE.
Stfamer.
Washtenaw..... Tacoma ..JDec. 15
Wellington...... Departure Bay *..... .\... (Dec. 15
Corona San Diego... Dec. 15
South Portland. ICoos Bay Dec. 15
Del N0rte....... Crescent City .'.. Dec. 15
Weeott Yaquina Bay Dec. 15
State California Portland Dec. l»
('has. Nelson... Puget Sound ...... ... Dec. U
Gaelic... China and Japan ....... Dec. 16
Mackinaw ... Tacoma Dec 1»
Ch11kat.......... [Humboldt Dec. 16
Orizaba Newport Dec. 17
Titania:...... ... Nanalmo ". Dec. 17
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Dec. IS
Pomona ..'. Humbolrlt ; Dec. IS
A11iance......... Oregon Ports Dec. 38
Samoa.... Humboldt Dec. IS
Signal... Astoria '. Dec. 18
Arcata. .:..:..... Coos Bay. ;.. Dec. 19
Santa R05a..... San Diego ............... I Dec. 19
North F0rk..... Humboldt Dec.2o
San Juan........ Panama :.....:..,: Dec. 20
8ri5t01..;........ Departure Bay , Dec. 20
Pr0gre50. . . : . . . ; . Seattle ............. . .; . . . Dec. 20
Columbia.:..:... Portland Dec. 21
Coos Bay.. [Newport .................. Dec. 21
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Coos Bay... Newport Dec. 15. 9 am Pier 11
Pomona .... Humboldt.... Dec. IS, 2 pro Pier S
Hi;peh OfclnaA Japan Dec. 13. 1 pmiPMbs
Corona !San Diego Dec. 17. 11 ami Pier 11
Umatilla ..Vic & Pgt Sd.|Dec. 17. 10 ani'Pier 1
Curacao ...[Mexico Dec. 17, 10 ampler 11
Chilkat ....'Humbolrtt ....'Dec. 17. 2pm I PierlJ
City Peking'ehina&Japan'Dec. 17. 1 pmjPMi-S
Weecitt lYaqulna Bay. 'Dec. 17. 10 am'Pl^r IS
StiLte of Cal Portland IDec. 19. 10 am I Pier 24
San Jose... [Panama |Dec. 19. IS m!PMfcS
Orizaba ....'Newimrt !r>ec. 19, 9 am Pier 11
Santa Rosa ' San T)\ego IDec. 21. 11 amjPler 11
C. Nelson. Piif^Pt Sf)Und..;Dpf. !1 1
ArciUa [Coos Bay !Dec. 11. 10 am'PlT U
Queen Vie & Psrt Sd. lUec. 22, 10 ami Pier 9
Columbia ..Portland IDee 24. 10 ami Pier 2t
Signal IGrays HarborjDec. 24 i
Steamer.
Destination.
t '..'.'.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographle
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange. Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time bail on- the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any. Is published
In the morning papers ,/ r>!^ >w ["K, da r v -; a
Vv. fe. rll'tjrlr.W,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
SllirriKG INTKLLIGESCB.
ARRIVKD.
Wednesday, December 14.
Ftmr Westport, Peterson, 40 hours from Eu-
Mfea
Strnr Empire, Nelson, 63 hours from Coos
Uav
Btrnr Alice Ulanchani. Warner, 10 days from
rii|ii>rrt"ti Island.
Ktn>r South Coast, Zaddart, 34 hours from
Redi ndo
Btmr Aliimolii, Van Oterendorp, 23 days from
Sydney, via Honolulu 8 days 10^ hours.
Stmr George I,".. mis, Brldgett, 32 hours from
Vonturn.
Btmr Brunswick, Andresen, 70 hours from
Orayi Harbor. ■
Bimr National City, Dettmers, 75 hours from
(Incvn Harbor.
Hrlir Pioneer, Mlkkelsen, 10 days from Grays
Harbor.
. CLEARED.
■ Wednesday, December 14.
Ftmr Coos Bay, Glelow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Australia, Hovsdlette, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels it Bros Co.
Brig- J D Spreckels, Christiansen, Honolulu;
J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, December 14.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr Arcata, Reed. Coos Bay.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, Eureka.
Stmr Columbia, Green, Astoria.
Stmr Australia, -Houdlette, Honolulu.
Stmr Leelanaw, Storrs, Seattle.
Stmr Whltesboro, Johnson.
Stmr South Coast, Zaddart.
■ Stmr Coqullle River. Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Whaling bark Horatio, West, I whaling.
Srhr L<>na Sweasey, Topfer, Seattle.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, Coquille
River.
Schr Reliance, Stelnborn,
Sunday, December 11.
Schr Reliance, ; Stelnborn, , and not the
Five Brothers, as previously reported.
. CHARTERS.
The E B Sutton loads mdse for New York.
The O M Kellogg loads lumber at Grays Har
bor for Kahului. :■-•: ■-•
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 14, 10 p Weather
tossy, wind west; velocity 14 miles.
DOMESTIC POUTS.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 13— Stmr Chilkat,
hence Dec 12.
Sailed Dec 14— Schr Fortuna, for San Fran
cisco, i •
SEATTLE— SaiIed Dec 14— Stmr Farallon. for
Dyea. Dec IS— Stmr Chas Nelson, tor San
Francisco. Dec 14 Stmr Elihu Thomson, for
San Francisco: stmr City of Topeka, for Dyea;
stmr Golden Gate, for Alaska.
Arrived Dec 14— Stmr Cottage City, from
Dyea; stmr Progreso, hence Deo 10.
A— Arrived Dec 14— Bark Levl G Bur
gess, hence Dec 6. f '-.*'*
NEAH BAY— Passed Deo 14— Stmr Walla
Walla, hence Dec 12; schr W F Jewett, hence
Dec 10, for Port Gamble.
CLALLAM BAY— In port Dec 14— Schr Fanny
Dutard, from Port Blakeley, for San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— In port Dec 14— Bark St
Katherine, from Nanaimo, for Honolulu.
In bay, bound out Nov 14— Bark St Kather
ine, from Nanaimo, for Honolulu. •-*
Sailed Dec 14— Br ship Port Klein, forTa
coma.
ASTORIA— Dec Stmr State of Cali
fornia, for San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 14— Br ship' Allerton, hence Dec
4. Dec 13— Bktn Gleaner, hence Nov 27, and not
the Tarn o' Shanter, as previously reported.
EASTERN PORTS.
NORFOLK— Arrived Dec 13— Ship Aryan.
from New York.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NANAIMO— SaiIed Dec 13— Bark St Kather-
Ine, for Honolulu. '
TOCOPILLA— Arrived Dec 13— German ship
Orient, from Santa Rosalia. *'» ■
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 3— Bktn Archer,
hence Nov 19. Dec 4 — Br bark Woollhara, from
Newcastle. Dec sßrs Br stmr Coptic, hence Nov
29. Dec 6— Stmr Scandia, from Manila; Br stmr
Garonne, from Seattle, via Hllo. Dec 7— Stmr
Alameda. from Sydney; bark Wllna, from De
parture Bay.
.Sailed Dec Ger ship H F Glade, for As
toria; bktn Echo, for San Francisco; Br stmr
Coptic, for Yokohama.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Dec 10— Btmr San Juan,
for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Nov 21— Br ship Mont
gomeryshire, for Port Angeles.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Oct Haw
ship Fort Geoorge, for Honolulu. Oct 24—Haw
ship Hawaiian ißles, for Honolulu. Oct 25—
Bark Hesper, for Honolulu. Oct 26— Br bark
Birkdale, for San Francisco. Oct Bark
Snow & Burgess, for Honolulu. Oct 30— Br
ship Republic, for Honolulu. Nov 2— Br bark
Dominion, for Honolulu. Nov 3— Bark Oregon,
for Honolulu. Nov 16— Br bark British Prin
cess, for Oregon. Nov 17— Br ship Leicester
Castle, for San Francisco. Nov Nor ship (
Hercules, for Honolulu.
In port Nov 21— Br bark Brussels, . for San
Francisco; Br bark Cardigan Castle, for San
Francisco; Br ship Centesima. for San Fran
cisco; Br ship Gen Roberts, for San Francisco.
Chartered, to load for Honolulu— Br bark Ad
derly, schr Carrier Dove, schr Defiance, bark
Edward May, bktn Geo C Perkins, schr Golden
Shore, schr H D Bendixen, Haw bark Him
laya. Haw schr Honolulu, bktn Jane L Stan
ford, ship John G Potter, sohr King Cyrus,
bark Louisiana, bark McNear, schr Muriel,
bktn Newsboy, schr Novelty, schr Oceania
Vance, schr Olga. schr \V H Talbot, schr Wm !
Bowden. For Kahulul— Schr Honolpu. bktn!
Mary Wlnkleman, schr Metha Nelson. For San
Diego— Br bark Darra. For Oregon— bark
Marguerite Mollnos. For San Francisco— Br
ship Andretta, Br ship Brenda, bark Caron
.ielet, bark Gen Falrchlld, bark Harvester, Br
ship Howth, Br bark Inverneill,- Haw ship
John Ena, schr Lizzie Vance, Ital bark Mario,
bark Palmyra, bark Prussia, bktn Robert Sud
den, bark Semlnole, bark Sonoma, Chll ship
Star of Bengal, Br ship Straihdon,
SYDNEY— Arrived ; Nov 7— Br ship Gen Gor
don, from Honolulu. Nov 20— Rwss bark West
bury, hence Sept 4; Br stmr Aorangl, from
Vancouver.
In port Nov 21— ship Crown of India, for
San Francisco; Br bark Darra, San Diego, via
Newcastle; Br ship Brenda, for San Francisco,
via Newcastle: bktn Jane L Stanford, for
Honolulu, via- Newcastle: schre King Cyrus,
Muriel and Oceania Vance, for Honolulu, via
Newcastle; bark McNpar, for Honolulu, . via
Newcastle;, bark Prussia, for San Francisco,
via Newcastle: Br ship Republic, for Honolulu;
Br bark Strathdon, for San Francisco, . via
Newcastle. .-.■■-.
KAHULUI— SaiIed Nov 29— Schr H C Wright,
for Grays Harbor.
HlLO— Arrived Dec 3— Br stmr Garonne, from
Pug-et Sound.
Sailed Dec s— Br stmr Garonne, for Puget
Sound. Dec 2— Bark Annie Johnson, - for San
Fra*nc!seo.
HOXOIPC— SaiIed Dec 2— Schr Emma Claud
ina, for Grays Harbor.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NKW YORK— Arrived Dec 14— Strnr Taurlc.
from Liverpool.
Sailed Dec 14— Stmr Paris, for Southampton.
GLASGOW— Arrived Dec 14— Stmr Furnessla.
for New York.
GENOA— Arrived Dec 14— Stmr Bolivia, from
New Orleans.
SOUTHAMPTON-Salled Dec 14— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm der Gross, Brpmen, for New York.
BREMEN— SaiIed Dec 14— Stmr Roland, for
Baltimore.
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived Dec 14 — Stmr
Ppnnland. from Liverpool.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FKOM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLJKY
:.",.^,-,- AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— I:2O, *9:K, 11:09 a. m.: «1:15,
1:45. 6:15. *C:00, 6:80 p. m. ,
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
-SUNDAYS— . »10:(». •11: M a. m.; n:UL
1:00, »4:30. 6:15 p. m. :
Trains marked * run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN KRANCIOCO
wEEK DAYS— 6:2S. "6:85. 7:45, •»:» a. m.;
•12:20. 2:20. »3:45. 6:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p.- m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. »8:00. '10:00. »U:5» a. m.;
•1:1*, *l:i», *:*», »«^0 p. m. . '
Trains marked * start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a. m.'
12:35, 2:45. 3:.'0. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
•nd Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. ■•'"'••
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 i ft. m.: 12:05. 1:20, t.U.
i:00, 6:20 p. m. '
THROUGH * TRAINS.
t:»*. m. week Cazadero and way sLa'na.
1:46 p. an. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and war
•< stations. ■ .- :•:.. . ■ .... . . .:-■■■,::
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and war stft'ft,
BAILBO AD TRAVEL.
SOUTUKItS ' rACirtC COJIPAXT.
(PACiriC BYSTKM.)
Train* lenif nml nre <!■■« <« nrrlve at
MAM fIUXIMO.
(Main Lino. Foot of Markut Street.)
leatb — From Nov. 29, 1393. — ariuvi
•6:00 a Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... *B:4Si
?<OOa Btnicia, Suisuu »nd Sacramento.... 10:43*
7>UUa OroviUoaiid Budding via
Woodland S:-I3y
7:00 a Elmira, Vacaville and Rumaey h;J.lr>|>.
7:U«A Martinez, San K»mon,Va£llejo. Napa, r
i.'alint" ami Santa Rosa Gil.l*
S:OOa Atlautio tttuitea, Ogdeit and Kast.. Bit.t r
• iIIOa .lose, .SL.ickton. Valley Spring,
lime, Bacramento, Marynfilie,
Chfco. Tehama and lte>l 81uff.... 4i|B r
S:SOa Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown. . 4: 1.%.
•»:3Oa Milton *7:1!J»
9:0Oa Martinez, Tracy, lAthrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno litiis*
■■•Wa Fresno, HakcrsiieM. Santa liarlmra.
Lot Angeles, Doming. El Paso,
New Orleans and East fi43>
Fresno, Mccdota, Tracy and Mar-
]O:OOa tinez 'Martinez'andWay'statioiu 8:l."j»
1O:OOa Vallt-j'j, Martinez and Way Statloi , ■
•liOOp Sncramento Itiver SteHiners *!»-oo»
1S:U0xM1(8, Tracy, Stockton, Mendott,
Hanford, Vinalla, Exeter and Pur-
terrille 4ii!i»
liOOp Nile*. San Jose and Way Stations ... 1 1 .43: '
Han Jose, Nilea and Way Stations ... t«:lSa
I.ifermore, San Jose, Nilcs and Way '
Stations 110:19 »
«i©»»r Martinez, Kan Kamoii. Vallejo
Napa. «.'Hlistogu. Ml Verano and
.SantaKosa •■la.
4t«Or llcuicia, Vacavllle, Woodland
Knights Landing, MarjrsTille, Oro-
»illo anil Sacraiiiont'o . ... 10:lrii
4i3OrNUes, San Joae and Stockton .'. 7«15»
8:00p Murtinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresco,
-Mojare, Santa Itarbara and Los
Ange1e5. ....... . S*4n*
».<M»P •""•"•'^iiAl.V.:' Atianiic'Ki^,
O:OOP MartlnMr tathrop. " Stockton. " :4 " lp
Fort Worth, Liuio Rock, at!
„,.„, .. Louis. Chicago and East {G:4.1 P
b.aa F i" r » Mail. Ogilfi, and Kast.... 9:45*
• s «?. p 5a5 a . WBrds ' Kiles and San Jo 7:4., i
•0:OOr V«lie], . 12-|.->p !
J7«««r Vallejo, Port Costa "and "Waj'sta-
tioiis , 10:4.') r
•IOOr Oregon Kx|irera,Haeraineuto, Marys' Vl
Wile. Redding, Portland, Pnget J
ll0i«3p "Sanset l,united.'"'"Fresao."Loi Sil»a ' '
<Ioi«3p Punset Limited." Frcaao I,oi
, Angeles, El Paio, New Orleans
»na East ftl;4ft>
SiN J.EA.MiKU AMI IUVtYAUO.N LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
I Jlelro«e. Srmlnnr/ Park, ?
»:ooa FUdwary, Klmliumt, •i«.ia
i'« s 2JI* **", ' •■e«n,iro,So»lh Saa t*»x4nl
.•V*X«* l.«andro,Kstßdmo, 10i45a
H1:00a Lorenio, Oherrr ■ 18:45p
knul and tlA!ir |
Vool H»JTfards. «i 45 P
•uwr C Runs through to Kiles. 7:43p I
) From Nlles. [ '
COAST IMVIsIKN Onrroir Waure). * :
(Foot of Market Street.)
Newark, San Jose, Felton, i
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations *i3or 1
•3il3r Newark, Centerrille, San Jose New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations • 1 0:3o a
4:13p Newark, Han Jose and Los Gatos... 9:20 i
t11:45p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
; Way Stations {7:80 p i
CREEK ROUTE >ERRY.
from SiN »llliClSCi)— Not of Hirkit Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *8:00 1103
•4:00 15:53 *6:00r.M. !
OtlUßD— Foot of Brotdwij.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m. ,
tl2:00 '1:00 ■♦2:00 *3:00 MM *S:oor.w. I
COAST DIVISION {Broad (laag«). "
(Third and Tovrnsend SU.)
7:OOa Sau .lone anil Way .Station* (New i
Alinaden Wednesday* only) 1:30} -
»:»Oa Han Jose, Tres Plnos, Santa Crux, i »
Paul lie (Jrove, Paso Itobles, Sau -V
I.vis Oblspo. Uaadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Htatli.us 4ilOr
IO:4Oa San Jose mid Way Stations *BiOOa
I1:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations Si33a i
•a-.45r Saa Matfto, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
Oilroy, Uollister, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and PaciQa
<*ro»e • *l«:3aA
•a:3Op San Jose and Way Stations *9:OI»a
•l:13i- Sau Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:43«
•StOOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
3t:tOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 3:»Op :
6:»(lp San Jose and Way Stations 7:3«»p
1ll:43p San Jose and Way Stations 7:: tOp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excelled. { Sundays only. ♦ Saturdays only
Mondays and Thursdays. aTnrsdays and Saturdays.
{Saturdays and Wednesdays. •Thundaja and Sandals.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAPAEIm.
WEEK DATS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; US,
1:30. 6:10, 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11: p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:M
and 11:80 p. m. .
6UNDATB-8:00. 9:80, 11:00 a. m.; 1:10, !:»»
8:00, 6:20 p. m. ■ :
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCIBCa
WEEK DATS— «:IO. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; U:iL
1:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturday a— Extra trips at,
1:&6 and 1:16 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »:40. 11:10 a. m.; I:4*, 1:4 a,,
6:00, 6:25 p. in.
Between San Francisco and Schuetsea Park .
same schedule as above. . {
Leave Arrive
Can Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October If. , *
Week Sun- ISSB. Sun- We«k .-4
Days. days. Destination. da,*. Day*. '
1 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 an
:S0 pm > am Petaluma, (:10pm 10:23 am
i:lopm 6:oopm Santa Rosa. ' 7:3Spm l:Upra
■ Fulton.
»:«ajn Windsor. UJiaia
Healdsburs,
Lytton,
Geyservllle.
1:10 pm 8:00 am Cloverdal*. 7:35 pm f:»pm
" Hopland and ''
»:80am 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm «:2J PIB
7 am -j~' _^ ¥l WJSani
8:00 am OuemerUla, 7:15 pm
8:10pm «:Mp»;
1:10 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:Maxa|
and . . .
1:10 6:00 Olen Ellen. <:10pm 6:JJpai
7-30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 an
8:»0pm 6:00 pm | 7:35 pm| 4:13 pra
"Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wast
Bprlngs; at Lytton for Lytton Sprin»s; at O«jr-
■erville for Skasgs Springs; at Cloverdals for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad 1
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga.
Bprings, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter;
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley. 1
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley*s, Bucknell'a, 1
Banhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Booneville, Orr*a
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Brace.
Westport, Usal, Wlllitts. Laytonvilla, Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsea's. Dy«r.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at!
reduced rates. ;
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at halt rates. ;
Ticket Offices, 6» Market St.. Chronicle bid*.'
B. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Pen. Pass. Asant.
California v
Limited
Santa Fe Route
Connecting: Train Leaves San Fran-.
Cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY.
TUESDAY. FRIDAY. _</-
Arrives In Chicago at 8:1 5 A. M. th«
. following Thursday, Saturday
: and Tuesday— Arriving In New:
York at 1 :3O P. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electrla
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAM FRANCISCO UCKETIffICE— fa MARKET SI.
TELEPHONE MAIN' 1531.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
_ VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. nws .
From Nov. 10. 1898. trains will run a* follows
South -bound.'; . ~ - North-bound.
Passer.- 1 Mixed. Mixed. (Passen-
ger. I Sunday - Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Daily.
8:20 am : n ;?0 am Stockton 3:45pm 5:50 pra
10:10 am 2:05 pm ' Merced 12:40 pm 4:o3pra
11:40 am s:3opm Fresno !t:soam 2:32pm
12:38 pm] 7:45 pm Hanford 7:46 am| 1:35 pm l
3:2opm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:30 am 1 11:25 am'
12:68pm B:Sopm Visalla I 6:40 1:13 pra
Stopping at Intermediate points as required. r
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Market,
street. San Francisco. .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY. '
(Via Sausallto Ferry.)
Leave Ban Francisco, commencing Sunday.
Sept. 1898: ■
Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 p. ra.
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
THOB. COOK, ft SON. Agents, €21 . Mark*
•treat. Ban Francisco. -ISCHOOL BOARD
MAKES GOOD ITS
MANY PLEDGES
Eight "Subs" Given
Steady Jobs.
NEW CLASSES CREATED
JS.HS. BALL AND MISS BRADLEY
WILL BE REINSTATED.
Waller Scores Superintendent Web
ster and Gallagher Passes a
Compliment or so to Grand
Juryman Irving.
ft wag a warm time from roll call to
adjournment at yesterday's meeting of
the Board of Education. Nearly every
body called everybody else names, and the
fight for the last of the year jobs was
Jim a little bit more than spectacular.
Directors Waller, Gallagher and Head fig
ured rather more largely than any one
else. Gallagher didn't like Irving, Waller
didn't like Head and Head didn't like
any of them, and none spared any words
In Faying so.
Pledges were kept to the teachers
whose names have been for months on
the substitute list. Eight of them were
given schools yesterday and the last two
meetings has cleared the list for the ap
pointments of thirteen, more before the
unhappy last of the year arrives. Four
teachers were taken from the unassigned
Hat and assigned to places that were cre
ated for them by the formation of new
classes. Two were relegated to the un
assigned list for a reason tersely put by
Director Sam Waller, "that the unas
signed list was for the Incompetent, the
non compos mentis and those who were
too old to work." Exception was taken
to Mr. Waller's definition of the list, but
It was only Incidental to the bickerings
and horse play that characterized the re
malnder or the meeting. Wl*
The fun began with the reading of the
minutes. The records of every meeting
since some time in the early part of last
month were to be read, and Secretary
Welch skipped through half of them be
fore he asked for any possible exceptions.
He had got along as far as November
30. when Director Head took exception to
his system, and said that he had some
objections up his sleeve and he wanted
a change to put them in operation. It
transpired that his objections • were on
the mutes Of the 30th. It was at that
meeting that Director Gallagher paid
his compliments in no chosen English to
Andrew Irving, chairman of the Grand
Jury committee on school affairs. Mr.
Gallagher had said that Irving had frac
tured his oath and jeopardized his in
tegrity by giving out to the newspapers
matters that should have been only for
the ears of the jury.! . Mr. Gallagher had
-aid these things, but not with that di
plomacy that is looked for in public
■records, and Mr. Head got up to ask that
all of the Gallagher report be stricken
from the records of the board.
"It was an unwarranted attack upon an
official of a dignified body." said Director
Head "who, I believe, was doing his duty. ,
It was through him that the present dis- i
graceful state of this board's finances was
bruught to our attention and to that of ;
*ur creditors. Mr. Gallagher's language 1
was, to say the least, undignified— it was \
more— it- was a flow of billingsgate that
should never be allowed to appear upon
the records of this body. It was the per
sonal opinion of Gallagher himself, and
was of no interest to this board."
Derham seconded and Gallagher got up
to make no pointed defense. Dr. Ragan
tried his best to pour oil on the. disturbed
waters by a modifying amendment, but he
couldn't find a second, and the motion
went through as it was proposed.
A previous engagement kept Superin
tendent Webster elsewhere than at the
meeting, but he had a report in that did
as well in the way of raising another ruc
tion. Mr. Webster has lately been inves
tigating the condition of things at the
schools. Among those he has visited are
Bernal Heights, Garneld, Monroe, Nor
mal, Sherman and others. In his report
he said that at these places he found the
janitorial and scavenger service in need
of harsh criticism at least.
"That's his game, is it?" yelled Waller;
"clearing the boards so that the next
gang can appoint its own janitors on hi«
recommendations. Why isn't he here to
night? He sends his report, but he is too
cowardly to come in here to back it up.
He's afraid to stand for what he has to
Bay, so he sneaks this in."
Gallagher took, the "buck" from Waller
and charged the absent Superintendent
with every infraction of the consolidation
act that he could conjure from his mem
ory, and the row waxed warm until it
was quieted by the politic President Bar
rington. '
However, Waller had been charged since
morning with a roast for some one, and
.somebody or other had to hear it. He
paid his respects to the teachers. He said
they were fools and had put their col
lective foot in their mouth by presuming
to sue for their plundered salaries. He
rsaid that all they could hope to get from
the courts was a decision that their sal
aries were not statutory, while the board
had always admitted that they were. "If
they had waited," said Mr. Waller, "they
■would have got their November pay, any
way. As it is, they are now liable to lose
their December salaries also." Director
Carew also thought that the teachers had
GRAPE-NUTS.
'I GOOD LIVERS $
I Like |
I Grape^utst
jg Hot or Cold. 3
jt^ Found at Grocers. A
WHAT THEY ARE.
Composition of the Famous New
Food.
: A wide spread interest has been
created ai. ng good livers as to the
composition of Grape-Nuts, the new
food that has come into popular use of
late. It has long been known to physi-
cians, chemists and food experts that
the starchy portion of entire wheat
flour ana barley is transformed into a
true ariu very choice sugar, by the act
of the intestinal digestion in the human
body. This sugar is identical with,
and is known as grape-sugar, and it
is in condition for immediate transfor-
mation I to blood and the necessary
%■• iructurc from which the delicate nerve
centers are built up.
• A food expert of the Postum Cereal
Company, limited, Battle Creek, Mich.,
followed a line of experiments until he I
produce* the food called Grape-Nuts,
of which grape-sugar - forms the prin-
cipal part, and it is produced by follow- j
ing out nature's processes; in a me-
chanical way. . ■ ...,'...
The n w food has a charming flavor
and can be served 'instantly- either cold
with cream, or by pouring hot milk or
cream over it, one has a hot mush at
once.
MOREHOUSE TO BE RETIRED
The Veteran of the Police Department Tires of
His Job.
POLICEMAN WILLIAM MOREHOUSE, the veteran of the depart
ment, yesterday sent in a written request to the commissioners to be
retired on a pension.
For years Morehouse has been a familiar figure at the crossing of
Sutter and Kearny streets. After being in the service for over twenty-four
years he has decided to lay aside the star and club to seek rest and com
fort In his old age.
Morehouse is now 75 years of ago. He was appointed a member of the
police department on October 9, 1574. Unable to do patrol duty on account
of his advanced years. Morehouse some years ago was assigned to the
crossing at Sutter and Kearny streets. Always gentle and courteous, he
soon gained the respect of the members of the fair sex, many of whom
will sincerely regret his retirement from the department.
It is said of him that he would purposely overlook a woman dressed in
silk to escort her poorly clad sister across the street.
The Pension Commissioners meet on the first of January, at which
timp Morehouse will be placed on the retired list.
Policeman Fred Smith has also asked the commissioners to retire him
on half pay. Smith was appointed a member of the force on April 24, IS7B,
and is 61 years of age. He has a host of friends, who will be pained to'
learn that he is about to sever his connection with the police department.
been hasty in thelfactlon and said that
he feared they had been led into a con
spiracy by which they would eventually
lose their vacation pay through a law
which it is now the scheme to get through
the next Legislature.
On top of all this Mr. Waller showed his
solicitude for the properly pilfered peda
gogue by introducing a resolution direct
ing Secretary Welch to prepare a state
ment of the school finances, which would
be mailed to each teacher. The resolution
passed.
Judge Belcher's recent decision reinstat
ing on the salary roll and in the good
graces of the Directors Mrs. Ball and
Miss Bradley, the teachers who were
summarily fired by the board, will be up
held. A resolution was Introduced yester
day taking them back into the depart
ment, but as there is a good bit of dis
cussion to come up it was held over until
next Friday, when the board will hold
another meeting.
J. J. Gallagher, who has been aaorning
the secondary substitute list, was by spe
cial resolution given a position as teacher
in the Mission High School.
The report of the elementary committee
was brought in by Waller and was adopt
ed. It made the following recomenda
tions:
That Miss M. O'Brien of the unassigned list
be transferred to a class In Sunnyside School;
a new class be formed In the Bay View Dis
trict, a part of Burnetts School, and Miss
Sophie Arguello, a substitute, be made teacher;
Miss K. McGough transferred from Hancock
Grammar School to Lincoln Grammar School;
Mr*. Ivy D. Ostrum. substitute, be appointed
to a class to be formed In Horace Mann Gram
mar School; MUs B. M. Mlllhone. a substitute,
be elected a probationary teacher and as
signed to Washington Grammar School: "Miss
Alice Dunne, substitute, be elected a proba
tionary teacher and assigned to Hancock
Grammar School; Miss L. Ewald. a substi
tute, be appointed to a class to be formed in
Laguna Honda School; a receiving class be
formed in Whlttler Primary School and that
Miss A. Bryant, a substitute, be assigned to
the class; Mary A. Wright, a substitute, ba
assigned to a class in Harrington School; Miss
I. M. Pearl be transferred from Sheridan
School to the unassigned list; a new class be
formed in Harrison Primary School; Miss L.
Blake transferred to Harrison Primary; a new
class be forme.] in Hearst Grammar School and
Miss Daisy Dottd of unasslgned list assigned;
Mrs. M. E. Mlchener be transferred to Spring
Valley; Miss M. E. F*nton be transferred to
receiving class in Winfleld Scott School; Mls3
M. E. Sullivan be transferred from Jackson
School to Redding School; Miss L,. Smithson
be transferred from Washington School to un
assigned list; two new classes be formed in
Sunnyside School; Miss M. Kyne be assigned
to a class in Sunnyside School.
The City Board of Examination sent in
recommendations that grammar grade cer
tificates be granted Miss Margaret C.
Nesfield, class of '98, and Miss Janette I.
Saunders, class of '97, upon diplomas
from San Francisco Normal School; Mrs.
Ella Crosby, a grammar grade certificate
upon a diploma from the State Normal
School; Miss Laura Fltzpatrick, a high
school certificate upon a diploma from
University of California, class of '97.
The claims of Professor T. H. Mc-
Carthy, vice principal of Washington
Night School, for $125 November salary,
and of F. H. Husky of Hearst Grammar
School for $125, came up among communi
cations and were ordered passed to the
Finance Committee. Head hadn't caught
the announcement and asked what they
■were. He was answered by Waller, who
replied: "They are the salary claims of
teachers who aid not go into a combina
tion to do themselves up." Head objected
that the claims were not legal, but they
were placed on file.
Adjournment was taken until to-morrow
Adjournment w<i» lantu unm w luv " l " >
afternoon.
DEAN WILL BE RELEASED.
One of the Nevada Bank Forgers to
Be Given His Freedom.
It Is an open secret around the District
attorney's oince that A. H. Dean of Ne
vada Bank forgery fame will be released
from custody to-morrow. A motion to
that effect will be made in Judge Wal
lace's court and it 1b expected that It
will be granted without opposition.
Both the police and the Bankers' As
sociation are inclined to the belief that
Dean Is the least culpable of the gang.
The conviction of Becker, the arch-con-
Bpirator, waa brought about through him.
as the dangerous forger feared that
Dean's evidence might land him in the
penitentiary for life.
Dean was deserted by Becker shortly
after the commission of the forgery, and
as he refused to return him the amount
he had subscribed to the "defense fund"
of the trio, he readily accepted the propo
sition to turn State's evidence. Dean has
been In prison for over three years.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1898.
MYSTERY STILL
SHROUDS HER
TRAGIC DEATH
No Trace of the Ferry
Suicide.
WHO OWNS THE UMBRELIA?
PARTIES QUIETLY SEARCHING
FOR A MISSING WOMAN.
They Wish to Conceal Their Identity
for the Present, as They
May Be Mis
taken.
The deep mystery which mirroundg the
suicide of the well-dressed woman who
jumped from the upper deck of the ferry
boat Bay City on its trip to Alameda on
Tuesday night, as narrated in The Call of
yesterday morning:, is still unsolved.
Late last night an elderly woman, ac
companied by an escort, called at the
Oakland ferry and tried to learn more of
the facts surrounding- the death of the
unknown. One of the men employed by
the Southern Pacific Company told her
that the umbrella, the only evidence left
Id by the suicide, had been locked up
he night, and as she was laboring
• great stress of mind he described
js soon as she heard that it was a
silk umbrella with a wooden handle
d like a shepherd's crook she
into tears. Her escort tried to com
her. but without success. Through
eon she incoherently bewailed the
jf her darling sister. Out of respect
■ailroad employe did not ask the
and it was not volunteered. The
c thanked the employe and then
he depot,
was learned yesterday that the ac
of the unknown suicide attracted
ittention of passengers previous to
going on the boat. While In the
ng room she moved back and forth
| clenching her hands, straightening and
i unstraightening her hat and removing
and replacing her coat every few minutes
On good authority it is stated that the
glass of liquor that waa carried from the
bar to the upper deck was nat for the
young woman who jumped into the chilly
waters of the bay. An investigation im
[ mediately after the incident decided this
'■ fact, as the person who carried the glass
of brandy voluntarily stated that it was
for his wife. The story that foul play had
taken place was also proved to be a
canard, as many of the passengers- no
ticed that the young woman who carried
; the crooked handled umbrella was alone
This is also borne out by the statement
:of the witness to her rash act, who
swears that no one- was near ncr at the
time.
Senora Barrios' Diamonds.
Appraiser Dare yesterday employed a
I special expert to pass upon the value of
! the jewels brought to this port as part
of the personal effects of Senora Barrios.
'. The jewelry, Including a tiara set with
'■■ some largo and many chip diamonds, was
| appraised at $20,000 and the remainder of
1 her effects contained in ten trunks at
$6600. There were several articles of jew
elry set with imitation diamonds and
pearls. All the lady's effects were ad
mitted fre&
MILLIONS IN
GOLD FROM
AUSTRALASIA
To Balance Trade of
Three Countries.
HONOLULU'S NEW YORKERS
SOLDIERS CHEER THE ALA
MEDA'S STEWARD.
Presentation to Captain yon Oteren
dorp and Chief Officer Rennie
by the Balmain Regatta
Committee.
The mail steamer Alameda arrived from
Sydney, N. S. W., via Auckland, N. Z.,
Apia. Samoa, and Honolulu, H. I. From
the latter port she brought 320 soldiers
of the New York Regiment and the fol
lowing officers: Major Emmett, Surgeon
McCullough, Lieutenants Oliver, Gresham,
Tucker, Boyce, Oothoudt, Wood, Board
man and Captain Ferguson, Sergeant Ma
jor Wright and Charles W. Yeomans.
A number of sick men who were return-
Ing from Manila on the troopship Scandia
did not like the bill of fare on that ves
sel, so they paid their way up on the Ala
meda. They are: Day S. Hutchins,
hospital steward on the Scandia; Sydney
Callan, Thomas P. Davis, Pat Doolay, P.
O'Donnell, Jacob Evans, John H. Grabb,
Isaac Levy, Charles Morton, William J.
McCreedy, Charles Saunders, John Sloane
(from the gunboat Bennington), W. H.
Stroud (from the gunboat Bennington)
and Tom Elllnger. The Scandia was to
leave Honolulu last Saturday, and will
probably reach here next Sunday. She
will bring up the remainder of the New
Yorkers now on the islands.
If the food, served out to the men on the
Scandia was not all that could be de
sired, the soldiers on the Alameda must
have fared well. As soon as the cabin
passengers were landed and the boys
came ashore they sent a delegation
aboard again to bring Chief Steward O.
N. Clark on the wharf. As soon as lie
put in an appearance one of the officers,
on behalf of the volunteers, thanked him
for the royal manner in which they had
been cared for during the voyage, and
then they gave three cheers and a tiger
for Mr. Clark with such vigor that the
onlookers ceased to have any more sym
pathy for the invalids. Then every one
of the soldier boys had to shake the chief
steward by the hand and wish him good
by, so he was a pretty tired man when the
ceremony was over.
Among the cabin passengers by the Ala
meda were John D. Connelly, who for ten
years has been United States Consul at
Auckland, N. Z. ; William Sherer Jr. of
the Winchester Repeating Arms Com
pany and Professor W. M. Woodworth
and C. L. Crehore. The two latter gen
tlemen have been to Samoa in the inter
ests of Yale University. In those islands
there is a worm— the Falolo worm— that
lives and dies in a day. Only once during
the year is it seen. Then It puts in an
appearance at sunrise and at sunset dis
appears for another twelve months. Pro
fessor Woodworth and his companion
were successful in studying the life and
death of the worm, and are returning to
Yale well satisfied with the results of
their voyage.
The McKee-Rankin Company also re
turned on the Alameda. H. 3ch ussier
of the Spring Valley Water Company and
Mrs. ScnussTer returned from a visit to
the islands, and W. S. Burzacott, a mer
chant of Sydnoy, came up on a business
and pleasure trip. The Alameda brought
up among her cargo 120 boxes of sover
eigns and 24 boxes of bar gold valued at
J3.510 ,00u. This is one of the largest ship
ments of gold that has come here from
Australia in some time. It represents the
balance of trade between England, Aus
tralia and the United States. Thus San
Francisco sends many cargoes of wheat
to England and England very little mer
chandise here, so that the wheat has to
be paid for in cash. It would be very ex
pensive to send the gold to New York and
then over the continent, so as Autsralia
is always in debt to the mother country
for merchandise, the matter is so ar
ranged that the money the colonies owe
England is sent here to pay for the. wheat
shipped to Europe. In this way everybody
is paid and a month's interest on $3,510,
000 is saved.
A notable passenger by the Alameda
was "Cocker Tweedie, champion bantam
weight of Australia. It will be remem
bered that when Tweeaie was defeated by
Lawler about a year ago he disappeared.
He took his defeat so much to heart that
he got on the Alameda the next day and
returned to Sydney. Since then he has
developed into an actor-pugilist, and lett
the Bland Holt Company to return to San
Francisco to retrieve his laurels. He and
Third Assistant Engineer -.George Brown
of the Alameda are great friends, and
Brown resigned his position as soon as the
vessel docked in order to be with the
champion.
While lying in Sydney harbor the Ala
meda was the flagship at the Balmain re
gatta. The Sydney Isews said of her:
Certainly one of the attractions of the carni
val was the line steamship Alameda acting as
flagship. Despite the fact that the Alameila
was engaged up till midnight of Tuesday In
the grimy occupation of coaling, the steamer
presented an excellent appearance, looking
more as If it had been specially prepared for
a pleasant cruise than If it had been subjected
so recently to the dirty operations incidental
to taking In fuel. Aboard the Alameda was the
genial Commander Van Oterendorp. who. aided
by his officers, did all he could to render the
stay of his vistiors on board as enjoyable as It
could reasonably be made. It Is estimated that
there wore about 2000 visitors to the flagship.
Before the Alameda sailed for San
Francisco the regatta committee, through
the Mayor of Balmain, presented the
captain with a silver fruit dish and the
chief officer with a gold ring as a me
mento of the occasion. On the fruit dish
was engraved: "Balmain Regatta, Prince
of Wales' Birthday, November 9, 1898.
Presented by the Committee to Captain
K. Van Oterendorp, Flagship R. M. S.
Alameda." On Mr. KennFe's ring was in
scribed, "Presented by the Balmain Re
gatta Committee, November 9, 1898."
Both officers were entertained at a lunch
eon after the presentation.
The steamer Alice Blanchard arrived
from Clipperton Island yesterday. She
brought up the Japanese who went down
some months ago to work the guano de
posit, and 300 tons of guano.
Fire again broke out in the hold of tne
Shenandoah at noon yesterday. It seems,
to be burning about the stump of thd
mainmast. One stream of water keeps it
in control.
W. E. Mighell, the well-known ship
owner, who has been seriously ill for a
month past, was able to be on 'change
y *The schooner "W. F. Jewett has made
the voyage of the year between nere an
Puget "Sound. She left here on the 10th
inst and arrived at the Sound yesterday
morning.
The Oceanic Steamship Company s Aus
tralia sailed for Honolulu yesterday. She
took away 34 cabin passengers and a
very heavy cargo. Included was a num
ber of Christmas trees ana" a quantity of
Christmas delicacies for soldiers on the
Islands.
Cornerstone Laying.
The ceremony attending the laying of
the corner stone of the new building of
the Mount Zion Hospital Association will
be held on next Sunday at 2 p. m. The
building: will occupy a lot on the south
side of Sutter street between Scott and
Devisadero and Is Intended to be a wel
come addition to the beautiful structures
of this city.
Railroad Trains to Run Slower.
Railroad officials claim that it Is very ex
pensive to run their lightning express trains,
and are talking about reducing th-j speed. It
Is likewise expensive to the health to rush
and struggle and compete in business affairs
as men do nowadays. The brain, the nerves,
the muscles, the whole system gives out. For
restoring strength after business worries.
HostPtter's Stomach Bitters Is the proper
remedy. It Is an ideal tonic for the tired, the
run-down and the weak.
REAL ESTATE
STILL SLOWLY
ADVANCING
The Past Week Shows
Progress.
HINDERED BY THE WEATHER
MANY SALES OF ENCOURAGING
VALUE NEGOTIATED.
A Glance at the Records, Recent
Sales, New Building Contracts
and General Realty
Notes.
Real estate Is slowly progressing, not
withstanding the many obstacles thrown
in its way to retard its improving course
from almost absolute business stagnation
to a condition of healthy advancement.
Sales, although not of very encouraging
value, are still Increasing 1 in number
weekly and are maintaining a certain and
uniform value that brings encouragement
to the brokers of the city.
Building, considerng that it is now al
most the dead of winter, Is exceptionally
active. Contracts were let during the
week that exceeded in extent and value
almost the record of two of the past sum
mer months combined. One of the prin
cipal facts that the criterion of percepti
ble advancement is based on is that these
building operations are not confined to
any one section of the city, but are gen
erally scattered over and throughout the
entire city.
The only hindrance to advancement in
the general market seems to hinge on the
continuation of the adverse atmospheric
conditions that wrought havoc in the
"world of realty"' a year ago.
The record of mortgages and trust deeds
was unusually large for the past seven
days and involved an aggregate pledge of
nearly $200,000. The total value of re
leases and reconveyances was slightly in
advance of that for mortgages, amount
ing in all to $228,650.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
During the week there were forty mortgages
and trust deeds recorded, amounting to a total
of $103,11*8. For the same period forty-three re
leases and reconveyances passed to record in
the total sum of $228,650.
The principal mortgages and trust deeds are
as follows: #Jy the Mutual Savings Bank to
Louis Metzger, JvTj.OOO for one year at 6^ per
cent, on property in the One Hundred Block 346,
situated on the corner of First and Jessie
streets, southeast 50 by southwest 155; by the
Ilumboldt Savings and Loan Society to Cath
erine M. and Daniel Dodge, $6000 until Feb. 9,
IMO, at 7 per cent, on property in the One Hun
dred Block 366, situated on the southeasterly
line of Howard street, 110 feet southwest of
Second, southwest 45 by southeast 82:6; by the
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Kociety to Thomas
Ashworth, 522.000 for one year at 6's per cent,
on property In Western Addition "Block 225,
situated on the northwest corner of McAllister
and Laguna streets, west 137:6 by north 120: by
the Security Savings Bank to Fletcher Kyer
Company, $45,000 for one year at 6>4 per cent, on
property in the 60-vara block 39, situated on
the southeast m'"»r of Pine and fcjansome
streets, cast 68:9 by south 37:8; by the Secur
ity SavtngH Bank to William Hardlman, $16,0)0
at 6 per cent for a period of time ending Jan.
31, 190Q; by the German Savings and Loan So
ciety to A. and Marie Derre, IMOO for one year
at 7 pet cent, on property in Mission Block 63,
situated on the southwest corner of Svcamoro
or Willows and Mission streets, south 35, west
80, south 25, west 80, north 60, eaat 160.
The principal releases and reconveyances
were recorded as follows: From tha Security
Savings Bank to Mary Fletcher Ryer, $15,000 on
property in the 60-vara block 150, situated on
the southeast corner of Francisco and Mason
streets, south 137:6 by east 137:6; by the Secur
ity Savings Bank to Mary F. Ryer, $10,000 on
property in the 60-vara block 140, situated on
the northeast corner of Powell and Bush
streets, north 65:6 by east 67:6; from Jerome
Lincoln (trustee of the estate of A. C. Whit
comb, $100,000 on property In the 50-vara block
39, situuted on the southeast corner of Pine and
Saneome streets, east 68:9 by south 37:6; from
the Security Savings Bank to William Hadl
man, $20,000; from the Hlbernia Savings and
Loan Society to Sallusch Scheyer, $12,000 on
property in the Western Addition block 365,
situated on the northerly line of Fulton street
204 feet west of Flllmore, west 100 by north
147:6.
NEW BUILDING CONTRACTS.
Montgomery street, between Broadway and
Vallejo — Fraction of a three-story frame bulld-
Behrens; cost. $3600.
Northerly line of Broadway. 127:6 feet west of
Fillmore, west 37:8 by north 137:6— Grading,
brick, stone, cement, carpentry, galvanized
iron, plastering, mantels, etc.. for a two-story
frame dwelling and attic; owner, Mrs. Hannah
Llebes: architect, M. J. Lyon; contractor, John
Furness; cost. $950").
Northwest corner of Filbert and Fillmore
streets, north 24 by west 100— All work, except
plumbing, painting, foundations, sidewalks,
mantels, gas fixtures and shades, for a three
story frame building, store and two flats;
owner, Frank Meechl; architect, W. H. Ltllle;
contractors, Demartlnl & Traverso; cost, $3300.
Easterly line of Mission street, 24 feet north
of Eighteenth, north 2.. by east 100— All work
for alterations and additions to a frame build
ing; owners, Mary J. Bodwell and Annie I.
Packard; contractor, C. TV. Duffie; cost. $4500.
Southerly line of Morton street, between
Stockton and Grant avenue— All work for a
one-story and basement brick building; owner,
Sharon estate; contractors, Richardson & Gale;
cost. JSOOO.
Laurel Hill Cemetery, Lopesla path, south
erly line, 20 feet west of Buena Vista avenue,
40 by 60:6 — Granite work for a pyramitiical
tomb; owner, W. B. Bourn; architects, Percy
& Hamilton; contractors, Raymond Granite
Company; cost, i 11 ,298.
Easterly line of Main street. 20G:3 feet north
west of Howard, northwest CS:9 by -northeast
GS:9— Brick work for a four-story brick build
ing; owners. Pelton Water Wheel Company;
architect. Walter J. Matthews; contractors.
Miller & Beck; cost, $5785.
Corner of Oak and Lyon streets — Two-story
and basement frame residence; owner, D. Ein
stein; cost. $7000.
Oak street, near Lyon— Two-story frame
dwelling; owner, D. Einstein; cost, $4000.
Lyon etreet. near Oak— Two-story frame
dwelling; owner. D. Einstein: cost. $4500.
Easterly line of Valencia street. 210 south of
Nineteenth, south 25 by east SO— All work, ex
cept mantels and gas fixtures, fnr a two-story
frame building; owner, I). Tausslg; architects,
, ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales 000,000 Boxes
sit JA.JmSjbHAmV
FOE BILIOUS AND NEEVOUS DISORDERS
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach.
Giddiness.- Fulness after meals. Head-
ache, Dizziness. (. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat. Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and' all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE PIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN. TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
■ KEECKAM'S PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health." They promptly remove
: obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure Sick Headache. for a
Weak Stomach ■
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
s> . ' And h»v» the i ; T r" ;
LARGEST SALE
of «ny Patent Medicine in the World.
■-, 25c. at all Drue Stores. V
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABKY NT. ■; Established
In 1884 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood Debility or
disease wearing: ou body and mind and
Slcltt Disease*. The doctorcurea when
others fall. Try him. Charges low
( uarnntrrd. Callorwrlte.
?»r. J. *-. wIiBBONi Box J957. Saa Francisco. •
Salfteld & Kohlberjr, contractor, W. Horst
meyer & Co.; cost, $2500.
Westerly line of Dolores street, 51:6 north of
Twenty-first, north 25 by west 1G&—A11 work,
except plumbing- and painting 1 , for a two-story
and basement frame building (flate); owner.
Johanna A. Thelsen; architects, Salneld &
Kohlbergr; contractor, L W. Coburn; cost,
$2630.
Westerly line of Taylor street. 137:6 south of
Turk, south 45:8 by west S2:6— Grading, exca
vations, underpinning, taking care of adjoin
ing property, concrete, etc., for a five-story
brick building; owner, M. Hefferman; contrac
tors. Warren & Malley; cost, $2703.
RECENT SALES.
The following sales were negotiated by the
firm of Shalnwald & Buckbee during the past
week: A lot 240 by 125 on the northwest comer
of L street and Ninth avenue, to Sol Getz for
$3000; a house and a lot 27:6 by 120 on the north
line of Geary street, 110 west of Polk, to Louis
Levin for $8409. and a lot 20 by 120 and a dwell
ing at 1625 Pine street, south side. 150 east of
Franklin, from Mrs. Anna C. Kegner to lira.
Sposlto for $4500.
Jacob Hej r man reports the sale of a four
room-iind-bath cottage on the north line of
Elizabeth street for $1500; a three-room cottape
on the west line of Folsom street, 100 feet south
of Powhattan, for $800, and of a lot with a car
cabin In outside lands block 718 for $350.
Boardman & Hooper report the recent sale
of the Enpelburg property on the northwest
corner of Kearny and Summer streets for an
estimated price of $32,000. The property mi
sold by the former owners, Emil A. Engelberg
and Mrs. Amelia Helm, to S. S. Sanborne in
the interests of a client. The lot is 19 by 74:6
and the Improvements consist of a four-story
and-basement buiMinK.
In addition to the sale of this property the
following sales were negotiated by the same
firm: A lot on the north line of T? street. 45:9
cast of Fourteenth avenue, for $500; six lots in
the Excelsior Homestead, block 6fi. for $60«; two
lots on the west line of Twentieth avenue, 125
south of A street, GO by 12<>. for $4<K). ami two
lots, r.O by liv>. on the south line of A street,
82:6 east of Twenty-third avenue, for $450.
RANDOM NOTES.
M. Hefferman will erect a six-story building
on Taylor street, near Market. The ground
floor will be of granite, the second of Colusa
stone, and the remainder in Luff pressed brick
and terra cotta. The cost of erection Is $40,-
OM>.
The Crocker Estate Company will erect a
seven-story fireproof brick building on its
property on the northerly line of Post street,
extentHtip from Gardiner place to the Bohe
mian Club building. Plans for the building
are already being prepared by Tharpe &
Holmes. The estimated cost exceeds $20,000.
Preliminary work for the erection of th« na
val training school is now being tlnne on Goat
Island and contracts for the building wIH b«
let in the near future. Senator Perkins at the
last session of Congress secured the appropri
ation of $50,000 for this purpose and expects
to obtain $50,000 more.
The San Francisco Cornice Company is now
completing its contract on the Jennings
building on Third street.
The premises on the northeast corner of
Fourth and Brannan streets have been leased
by Herman Goecken to Henry F. Bruns and
assigned to H. K. Voecke for twelve years at
$50 a month for the first four years, $o5 a
month for the next five years, and $65 a
month for the last three years.
Adolph Mack has bought from William 11
Magee thirty feet adjoining his residence on
the east side of Octavia street for $6"00. This
purchase gives Mr. Mack a frontage of 75 feet
and a depth of 137:6.
ADVEBTISEMESTTS.
Highly Colored Arguments
Are not necessary to convince the sen-
sible of the qua' y of our work. The
work speaks for itself in resonant
tones.
One trial will convince the skeptical,
and we welcome any comparison. No
saw edges as wrath promoters — our
machinery prevents this without in-
jury to the fabric.
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420
Out of the Race!
It Is a dl«raal thing to he dropping out of the
race of life — to stand aside helpless while others
are crowding to victory— to be gloomy where
others are cheerful and gay— to hunger where
others are feasting— to have no part or relish in
the life-blessings that were intended for all.
This break-down la simply a result of Nerve
Starvation, and is accompanied or will toon
be followed by other symptoms — by headaches.
Irritability, languor, stomach and intestinal
troubles, and general debility and prostration
of the system. If you want to be in thr race
again, you MUST FEED YOITK NERVES.
There is no other way consistent with natural
law. If the nervo mechanism be made right the
irhole human machine will resume its powers
and functions. Happily our latest science has
found a way to do this. There is a pure and
perfect nerve-food embodied in
THE FAMOUS
PERFECTO TABLETS
The grand medical discovery that has proved
euch a specific for worried and enfeebled women
and overworked, tired-out mon. N*D drugs.
No bottles. No doctors' bills. The fam-
ous Perfecto Tablets act on the Nerve system.
They tone and strengthen. They banish all the
symptoms of Nerve failure and lost vitality.
They Invigorate and restore the whole man.
They lift the sufferer of either sex back into the
race of life and the full enjoyment of its actiri
Men and privileges. Put Perfecto Tablets in
purse or pocket and be happy and strong. They
MAKE PERFECT MEN AND WOMEN
One 5O Cents 6 Boxes at 83.50, a
Box Kenews Guaranteed Cnre or
Vital Energy. Money Refunded.
Mailed on receipt of price by
THE PERFECTO CO. Caxton Building, Chicago, 111.
You know that our minister used to be a practicing
physician. He was a graduate of the College of Physi-
cians and Surgeons, New York, and he says of Ripans
Tabules that the formula has long been in 1 favor with
medical men, but the method of preparation in the pres-
ent form is modern and a very great convenience. He
lately spoke of them to me in these very words : " I
always keep a vial of the Tabules upon my dressing-
table and use them with confidence whenever occasion
arises. For a disturbed condition of the digestive or-
gans I know of nothing so good, and for an 'all round'
family remedy I do not believe there is anything better
to be had'
v
ADVERTISEMENTS^ .. _
jmamßz'
Mi?jf ' 3 11 Li la 9
SIGK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
• Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. ' A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. ,
Small Pill. Small Dose*
Small Price.
Doctor
JpP^fl M E V E R S
P§ir s^f^MjS^ Specialists for Men
'CUf "^^Wrl «§O Time pbyktMis h»ve been
ft*|» r\- j?y Vi«V^curinK voakuess ami con-
\\ Iw> I / 'fafted »Unient« »ince 1881.
\jj^tfc. 8 -^«?*^S4 They h»v» the Urarst and
£&' 1 'KOTni'^ *i&*^h trial tc practif* in tli« U. 8.
Wo Pay Till Cured.' '
Wl^wS^L-^s®^i vicoaud private book-
ESTADLISHEO 17 YEARS. _ , Alj J j FREE.
Tli<n]s»nds curwl at borne:
All letters confidential. Jfo Charge for Consultation.
73 1 SA AyylJlciscoA yyIJIcisco 1 Elevator Entrance.
OCEAN TEAVEL.
PKSPi&B£9S The S. S. ALAMEDA
[jailaWlßft.i'aily via Honolulu and
ITfc *■■■■* Auckland for Sydney
aj _-— «^_ Wednesday. December
Q±^^l'J\ 2S. at 10 p. m.
r^MlDSnlD^ S - s - AUSTRALIA
CAjsf" l i l i I SI,, sails for Honolulu
fOmPniZfrT»Wednesday. January
%wtll^Utvq n 18 g 9i Rt 2p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPKECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office— 327 Market st., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
few. - Steamers leave Broadway
Vf^w*^ wharf, San Francisco:
t**Sf*Zfc. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
lß*^J?^ Dec. 2, 7, 12, 17. 2: « 27, Jan. I.
HE KK^n change at Seattle.
mmtrEt «l For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
£Si : 2Sw«?Sf3&! C.). Port Townsend, Seattle,
r^«Svl§ssß Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a m., Dec. 2, 7, 12, 17, 21,
91 Jan li and every fifth day thereafter,
hanii at Seattle to thl3 company"B steamer*
f C o h r a "JBLta 53 0? N. Ry. at Tacoma to N. P.
B For a Eu/OE u / OU (Hum Sol C dt P Bay) y -J p. m.. I»o.
6. 1™ if. 20. 25. 10. Jan. 4. and every fifth day
FV>r af Sa nta Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cavucos PortHarford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gavkfta Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro S Ea a st San Pedro (Los Ange^ and
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis ObiFpo). Santa Barbara. Port
£ 3 krr n ?s ed i°7 nd 2i. (L 2r &™f£Vi&
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalt*
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., Dec. 17, Jan.
For further Information obtain folder. -
The company reserves the right: to Changs
without previous notice steamers, sailing: dates
■ pi) h'.iir"» nf palling. ■'
• fIOKET OmOJS-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). • ~ ■
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agt*,,
. ; 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO ;
■PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at M a. m. i ■
rinr $12 First Class Including Bertha
rAJIL S8 Second Class . and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails V. -Doc » 14 ' M
STATE OF CAL. sails Dec. 9, 19. 2t
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all point* in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market street.
GQOPALL, PERKINS & Ogg^^^^
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generate Transatiantique.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS _*^^
(FRANCE). Sailing. Saturday <^j£oV
at 10 a. m. from . Pier 42, North ■anailfc
River, foot of Morton street.
LA CHAMPAGNE Dec. 17
LA BRETAGNE Dec. 2*
LA NORMANDIB ....Dec. 31
LA OASCOGNE Jan. 7
LA CHAMPAGNE Jan. 14
First-class to Havre. $90 and upward, 5 par
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class t#
Havre $45, 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 3 Fowling Green, New York.
•J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. , ,
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
Steamer "Monticello.''
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thur?.).
'Fridays......-..- 1-P- m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m.and 8 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock, Pier 2.
Telephone Main 1508.
■-■. . - ■ ■
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
WILL MAKE
NO DEFENSE
FOR BRANDES
His Attorneys Will
Wait for Trial.
HE IS GROWING FAT IN JAIL
HIS WIFE IS BREAKING DOWN
IN HEALTH.
More Damaging Testimony That the
Rope Was Put Around Lillian's
Neck After Her
Death.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, 1 >cc. 14.
W. A. Brandes will have to itnswer in
the Superior <"<>urt to the charge of mur
g his daughter Lillian. His prelim
inary examination has not yet ended, but
/v\RS.W.A^BP>AMDE=S
Principals in the Sensational Murder Case Now Being Tried in Oakland.
his attorneys have already announced
that they will not i>ut in a defense at this
time.
Dr. J. M. Shannon, who was present at
the examination of the- murdered girl's
body, was <>r. the witness stand to-day.
He followed closely along the line of tes
timony given by Dr. Buteau, and declared
it as his opinion that Lillian died from
blows on the head and not from stran
gulation. Then Mr. Bennett asked:
"Is li not possible, doctor, that all the
evidences of hanging may be absent and
yet that death may have been caused by
hanging?"
"Tea, that is possible," was the reply.
'•Then, all the evidences being absent in
this case does not necessarily prove that
death was not caused by hanging?"
"That might be."
"Then that fact destroys your reason
for Baying that death was not caused by
hanging'"'
"It does in a measure."
Prosecuting Attorney Allen tried to
have the witness justify this statement,
which was in direct conflict with other
medical testimony given in the case, and
was partially HuocessfuL
Dr Eastman, who was the next wit
ness gave very damaging testimony. He
stated positively that Lillian died of
meningitis induced by blows on the head.
and h< ; the idea of death being
caused by hanging. .
Brandea passes his time during the long
scientific examination reading the news
papers He reads every line about the
case that he can procure, and frequently
requests newspaper men to bring him a
paper. Although the proceedings were
Somewhat dull to the lobby throughout
the day, there is always something crop
ping up to connect the leather club rest
a.L on the Judge's desk with the little
mound in the graveyard where lies the
13-year-old victim of the tragedy. It is
brought up when the prosecuting attor
ney will in the middle of a series of ques
tions calmly ask, "Would these condi
tions apply, doctor, to a girl 13 years old?"
The Leather club which Brandea carried
to use on burglars or highwaymen that
he might meet In the Berkeley wilds flg
ured very prominently several times to
day it was handed to the doctor, with
the question, "Would an instrument like
this have caused the wound?" and the
answer would invariably be that just such
an instrument would most certainly
cause wounds similar to those found on
tbe head of poor Lillian.
The examination will probably end to
morrow. Prosecuting Attorney Alien said
to-day that the State had nearly linished
its case, ami that it will conclude to-mor
row. Attorney Sawyer, who is associated
with the defense, said to-night that they
will not waste any time making a de
fense in the Justice's Court. "We are
confident that Brandea will be held to
answer," said the attorney "and we see
no use in covering the ground twice. We
have a good defense, but we do not think
it advisable to mako it at this time. In
the Superior Court we shall be prepared
to show the innocence of the accused."
Mrs. Brandes is still as uncommunica
tive as ever in the County Jail. She per
sistently declines to discuss her affairs or
those of her husband with newspaper
men, and gives to all the same answer,
"What is the use of paying an attorney
and not following his advice? He has or
dered me to say nothing."
Mrs. Brandes. however, has shown at
times an Inclination to defend her hus
band. She admits that she chastised
Lillian and has made the remark, "Al is
innocent," to Jailer White. It is not yet
certain what use will be made of the
woman as a witness, or whether she will
be called by the prosecution or the de
fense. The proof of the legality of her
marriage is still kept in the background
by both the prisoners, who decline to dis
cuss the matter. Should she preserve her
present frame of mind there is no doubt
that she will not turn State's evidence.
Her imprisonment tells heavily upon her,
while Brandes appears fresher and fatter
every time he is brought into court.
ANOTHER UNKNOWN DEAD.
A Woman's Body Found Near a Box
of Rough on Rats.
OAKLAND, Dec. 14.— An unknown wo
man was found dead in a room at the
Avenue House, corner of Sixteenth street
I and San Pablo avenue, to-night. She is
: a stranger and was last seen by the land
lady on Monday last, when she asked
whether transient guests were taken. She
! secured a room, and when the landlady
! to-night went to her quarters to learn
whether s-he wished to keep the room
longer she found her lying on the bed,
] partly dressed and dead. On a small
I table near the head of the bed stood a
! box of "rough on rats, from which
I a good portion had been taken by the de
■ ceased. Nothing was found by which |
she might be identified.
The deceased was apparently about 3j
years of age. She is of medium build,
had a plain dark coat and dark skirt and j
black felt sailor hat. Her dark brown
):;iir is short and curly, and the left eye
, tooth is missing. Thu remains were taken
. to the Morgue.
There May Be a Widow.
OAKLAND, Dec. 14.— The remains of
O. A. Donohue. a veteran of the civil war,
I who died at the home in Yountville last
Monday, will be buried from this city
1 probably under the auspices of the G. A.
|K. The deceased lived here for many I
1 years and was widely known among the
oldi r residents. He was a native of
Massachusetts, aged 61 years, and in IS6I
and 1564 served under General Shafter.
Of late years he had been an intense suf
ferer from sickness, and on this account
w. Nt to the Soldiers' Home at Yount
ville. Had not his friends here heard of
his death in time the remains would have
been buried there. Some of these friends
: are interested in ascertaining: as to what ;
has become of Donohue's pension money,
! which amounted to $13 per month and
which, it Is claimed, has been collected
for a long time past by some woman in
San Francisco, who might claim now that
she is Donohue's widow.
Estate of Abbie L. Marble.
OAKLAND. Dec. 14.— Elijah B. Stan-
W i to-day petitioned for letters of ad
ministration on the est;ite of Abbie L.
Marble, who was killed in the orchard at
Socrates Huff's place in San Leaiulro on
the Ist inst. Mrs. Marble died intestate,
and petitioner avers that the estate is
valued at over $10,000. The heirs-at-law
are: Mrs. James G. Blame, a sister, re
siding in Washington, D. C: Elijah B.
Stanwood. petitioner and nephew, of San
Jose; Walter Stinson of Augusta. Me.;
Charles Stanwood of Brighton. Mass.;
Kben Stanwood and two children of Mrs.
M'Kim, whose residences are unknown.
DRAMA OF THE
GRADUATE CLASS
Clever Work of Miss Zoe Ackerman Presented
at the Oakland High School.
OAKLAND, Dec. 14.— The graduating class of the High School scored
a great success to-night with its presentation by Miss Zoe Acker
man's adaptation of "The Houseboat on the Styx." Miss Acker
man's work has been very favorably criticized and the young au
thoress has received many compliments. The characters were: Dr. John
son, Harry Tharsing; Shakespeare, Clarence Wills; Hamlet, Bert Schra
der; N>ro, Abuchapeta, Ed
Hume; Columbus, Captain Kidd,
Charles Harris; Demosthenes,
Mary Shafter; Cassius, Gertrude
Smith; Blackstone, Sadie Robin
son; Sir Henry Morgan, Will
Miller; Charon, Walter Burpee;
George Washington, John Brew
er; Boswell, Elmer Hunter; Rich
ard, a serving man, George Jack
son; Darwin, Roger Checkering;
Sir Walter Raleigh, Howard Bax
ter; Baron Munchausen, Clifton
Kroll; Dryden Hawkins, George
Oswell; Adam, Nellie Harring
ton; Confucius, Clara Bell Mun
sell; Mrs. Lot, Bessie Scott;
Xantippe, Florence
Queen Elizabeth, Mabel Holmes'
Portia, Pearl King; Dido, Camilla
Lorentzen; Helen of Troy, Flor
ence Lowden; Madame Recamier,
Esther Avery; Calpurnia, May
Dunsmore; Margaret de Valios,
Florence Gordon; Lucretia Bor
gia, May Lemon; Delilah, Bessie
McCall; Ophelia, Margaret Slav
ich; Diogenes, May Barnett;
Noah, Alma Nolan; Cleopatra,
May Walker; Mrs. Noah, Sue
Dunbar.
The following received di
plomas: Esther Avery, Helen Jerome Backus, May Barnett,
Edward Howard Baxter, John Abernethy Brewer, Walter Jo
seph Burpee, Florence Margaret Champreux, Roger Clapp Chickering,
Helen May Dille, Suo Hodgdon Dunbar, May Dunsmore, Anna Mabel Em
burg, Emma Fair, Florence Gordon. Francis Gribble, Elizabeth Hadden,
Helen Harrington, Charles Harris, Mabel Orcelia Holmes, Charles Edwin
Hume, Elmer Arthur Hunter, George Jackson, Edna Catherine Jones,
Pearl King, Clifton Henry Kroll, Mary Wellington Lemon. Camilla Lor
entzen, Florence Lowden, William N. Miller Jr., Claribel Munsell, Mary
Elizabeth McCall, Alma Nolan, George McCamly Oswell, Mary Page,
Sarah Alice Robinson, Bessie Henderson Scott, Mary Shipman, Bert
Ralph Schroder, George Russel Shuey. Margaret Elizabeth Slavlch, Ger
trude Grace Smith, Harry Edward Tharsing, Gretchen Wemmer, Marion
Westland, Clarence Alfred Wills and May Elizabeth Walker.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1898.
BABY SELLING
INDULGED IN
BY SOCIETIES
Sharp Says Daniels
Asks for Coin.
HENDERSON IS DEFENDED
IS A MINISTER IN GOOD STAND
ING.
Home-Finding for Children in Cali
fornia Seems to Be a Fit
Subject for Investi
gation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, .uec. 14.
The complaint made by the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children re
garding Rev. J. E. Henderson of the
American Home Finding Association of
W.A.BRANDES
the Pacific Coast, with its headquarters
in this city, has brought to light some of
the methods by which children are traf
ficked in throughout California.
The complaint made against 'JLc. Hen
i derson was published in this morning's
; Call and attracted wide attention in this
! city on account of the prominent people
i interested in and associated with the Oa^
! land society.
Jion. Cralgie Sharp, presfdent of the Oak
! land society, says that the charges maue
I in to-day's Call by Rev. F. Daniels of Sac
i ramento are largely unfounded, and he
j replies to them by making just as seri
; ous charges against Mr. Daniels.
There are several societies in Callfor
' nia. It apears, which make it a business
of findiiig children and finding homes for
them. They have solicitors going all over
the State collecting large sums of money
which are mostly spent for the salaries
of those running the society.
The Oakland society has for its board
of directors many of the leading minis
ters and merchants in this city, and, ac
cording to Its president, is doing work
that saves the State thousands of dollars
per month. It is managed by Rev. J. j E.
Henderson, who is assisted by three ladies
who solicit subscriptions all over the
State for the society and are allowed 50
per cent commission for their salary and
expenses.
"I have perfect confidence in Mr. Hen
derson." said President Sharp, "but I
know that Rev. Mr. Daniels has frequent
ly made a demand for money on people
with whom he has placed children. It is
this system that has led to the report that
home-finding societies sell children com
ing into their possession. I have here
proof from Petal uma that Mr. Daniels
placed a child with a familyldemanded $50.
and when it was not forthcoming the child
was turned over to us and we found it a
home. There are several such instances
which we can prove. Our society does
not do this, and I believe Mr. Henderson
is acting honestly and usefully. He is ndt
a disgraced minister, but is a member in
good standing of the Methodist Confer
ence. Regarding anything he may have
done at Angels Camp I know nothing.
"The two children which it is said we
took from Sacramento I know nothing
about, but I have no doubt that Rev. J. E.
Henderson has placed them in a tempo
rary home, and if they are wanted at Sac
ramento they can be sent there at once.
We have no home in which to place chil
dren, and the expense consists in taking
the children from one city to another. It
is true Mr. Henderson travels free and
can take his wards with him, but he has
to meet his hotel expenses, and although
his salary is supposed to be $7o a month
I know that he has not yet been able to
get that much from the society. This
matter in the paper is the result of jeal-
ousy.
"Orlgrlnally we were a portion of an
; other society, but they wanted too gTeat
! a percentage of the collections made in
1 this city, and we decided to organize inde
i pendently. We are now about to incorpo
1 rate, and our board of directors includes
■ many of the best men in Alameda.
County." . ..
Rev. J. E. Henderson is now in the north
ern part of the State, and Is expected back
to-morrow. President Sharp says he will
no doubt lay the statements of Rev. Mr.
Daniels before the attorney of the society
and will probably demand satisfaction.
M J. Keller, who is the treasurer of
the society, says he does not know any
thing about Mr. Henderson,- but he has
absolute confidence in President Sharp,
and knows that he would not be a party
to anything that was not perfectly
straightforward and worthy of support.
ALAMEDA DEMURS TO
A BIG DAMAGE SUIT
LITIGATION OVER THE DEATH
OF MRS. DAVOUST.
Question as to Who Was Responsible
for the Wire That Burned
Her to Death.
OAKLAND, Dec. 14.— The city of Ala
meda, through its attorney, Senator B.
K. Taylor, filed a demurrer this after
noon to the complaint of Martial Davoust
in his suit against the city, the Sunset
Telephone and Telegraph Company and
Pacific Postal Telegraph Company,
brought recently for the recovery of $50,
000 damages on account of the death of
his young wife, which was caused by a
live wire.
The demurrer is very elaborate. Its
iirst ground is the insufficiency of facts
to constitute a cause. Another point is
that the complaint is uncertain in that it
cannot be ascertained therefrom which
of the defendants Btretched or maintained
the "certain wire," or whether said wire
was a telegraph, telephone or electric
light wire; also that it does not specify
which, if any, of the defendants •'negli
gently and carelessly allowed" the wire to
remain upon the ground, or who devel
oped or conducted the electricity that
heavily charged said wire.
The fact that the complaint does not
specify what purtion of the alleged dam
ages was the result of the loss of ser
vices and society of plaintiff's wife, and
what portion is claimed for the bodily and
mental Injuries sustained by plaintiff is
another point urged in the demurrer. Also
that two causes of action have been im
properly joined. And finally that there Is
a misjoinder of parties defendant, in that
it appears from the complaint that each
defendant was operating a separate sys
tem of wiring, supported by the same
poles, that "a certain wire" caused the
injury, and It is apparent that as any one
wire was maintained by one defendant
only there is no cause for the joinder of
the other two defendants.
The city asks to be dismissed as a de
fendant.
ONLY THIRTY DAYS.
Short Sentence of F. B. Willey, a Con-
victed Burglar.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 14.
F. B. "Willey, a burglar of Kings county,
was brought to the county jail to-night to
be kept until he shall be taken to San
Quentln. Willey considers himself one of
the luckiest men in California. He has
to serve a sentence of thirty days, the
smallest sentence ever passed In Cali
fornia upon a conviction of burglary.
Willey and a companion named Jose
Estuardo were caught while engaged in
a burglary. When arraigned Estuardo
pleaded guilty and was sentenced to San
Quentin for five years. Willey pleaded
not guilty and put the State to the ex
pense of a trial, after which he was con
victed and, to the surprise of everybody,
he was sentenced to thirty days in San
Quentin.
The deputy sheriff who is bringing Wil
ley to San Quentin says that the whole of
Kings county is Incensed at the action of
Judge Dixon Phillips, who sentenced Wil
ley. He says it was confidently expected
that Estuardo's sentence would be mitt
gated In view of the fact that he pleaded
guilty, instead of which he received the
maximum penalty for burglary in the
second degree. The prosecution was con
fident that with the conviction of Willey
he would receive the same sentence as
his pal, but to the surprise of the Dis
trict Attorney and the whole of the coun
ty, he was let off with thirty days.
"It is not worth the expense of bring
ing him to the State's prison," said the
deputy, and Willey Jocularly says that
the trip is an agreeable excursion for
him.
Halpin's Death.
OAKLAND. Dec. 14.— The jury at the
inquest of Dennis Halpln, the aged gar
dener who was run down by reckless driv
ers last Sunday night on Moss avenue,
brought in a verdict to-night that "death
was caused by the fracture of several
ribs and vertebrae, the result of being
thrown from his wagon through some un
known cause."
Officer Kamp's Trial.
' ALAMEDA. Dec. 14.— The charges pre
ferred by Jacob Hoeck against Officer
Albert Kamp will be investigated Friday
night by the police committee of the
Board of City Trustees. Hoeck charges
that the policeman violated his con
fidence In giving information to a Call re
porter when the former had his little
sons incarcerated in the City Prison.
High School Student Officers.
BERKELEY, Dec. 14.— The senior class
of the Berkeley High School held a meet
ing yesterday afternoon for the purpose
of electing officers. The following were
chosen: President. Arthur Lowell; vice
president, Miss Carrie Johnson; secre
tary. Miss C. Parvln; treasurer, Miss
Pearl Wagner; sergeant at arms. Howard
Hendricks; class prophet. Miss Kate
Peake; class historian, Miss Leslie Trow
bridge. A motion providing that no play
be given the class day exercises before
graduation was lost, and steps will be
taken to choose a cast by the beginning
of next term.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Dec. 14.— Lookout Moun
tain Post No. 88. G. A. R., elected officers
last night for the coming year as fol
lows: Commander, Captain J. L. Morri
son; senior vice, M. C. HamJin; junior
vice, R. Flint: officer of the day, T. Gil
bert; officer of the guard. C. Frick; chap
lain, N L Freeze; surgeon, E. P. Ban
croft; quartermaster. T. R. Tyler; dele
gate to department encampment. John E.
Boyd, with E. C. Arnold as alternate.
"Work is being pushed rapidly on the re
building of the Mac Donald block, de
stroyed last week by fire. The rain is
likely to damage the stores below unless
the roof is coon finished.
BEAT. ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
" Julius Bandmann to Antonia F. Bandmann,
lot on NE corner of Van Ness avenue and
Union street, N 30 by E 107; also ■ lot on N
line of Lombard street. 137 Wof Stockton, W
137:6 by N 137:6; gift.
George W. and Mary 6. Haight, to the Tal
lant Banking Company, lot on E line of Van
Ness avenue, 70 N of Green street, N 30 by E
12d; also lot on E line of Van Ness avenue, 45
N of Green street. N 25 by E 125; $10.
Patrick Carberry to Fr. Joseph Speck, lot
on W line of Octavia street, 60 S of Oak, S 30
by W 77:6; $10.
Charles L. and Annie S. Taylor to William
H Crocker, lot on SW corner of Clay and
Webster streets, S 27:4& by W 90:6; $5000.
Annie Hoadley to Frank R. Grannis, lot on
I i'- ne ..?-L Bush street, 25 E of Lyon. E 25 by
Catherine and Antonio Lo Presti, W. L. Har
per, Joseph P. Frenna. L. P. Kerner, J. J.
Raver (assignee) and F. Laidlaw (by H. M.
Covert, commissioner) to Citizens' Building and
, an . Association, lot on N line of Haight
street. 220 W of Baker, W 27 by N 137:6- $5811.
Lorenzo A. Henry to Richard O'Connor, lot
?"iisj'", of Flrßl street, 127:7.16 N of Clay,
E 113.6. ,2. N 25, W 100:6. OS, 3 25:1.44; $10.
George F. Lyon to Lewis J. and Gertie Saf
■£*'. A,_ on N line of Twenty-seventh street, 445
E of Church, E 25 by N 114- $10.
Mathew I. Sullivan to George D. Gravblll.
re.record of 1791 d 47. lot on N line of North
1 oint eet> 183:4 Wof Stockton. W 22:11 by N
13i:6; flu.
.Anne a. White to James A. White, lot on
kw mS2 i Br >' ant street, 290:8 SW of Second,
b\V 33:10 by N\V SO; $3000
m Leah and Philip Meyer to Ferdinand E. Hes
ii i ?l? l <?? SW llne of Third street, 145 SE of
Market, SE 25 by SW7S; $80,000.
James Sullivan to John Sullivan, lot on NW
25 n xSv' n - 1 - entina Btr6et> 25 ° NE ° NlDth> NE
A. K. * and Hortense G. Daggett and Julia F.
«agie> to G. H. Umbsen (trustee for Hortense
G and Guy K. DaßKett). lot on N line of
Clement street. 67* E of Fifth avenue, E 25
by N 100, trust dee**?
A. H. and Hattle N. Sonnemann to William
Mann lots 225 to 227, P. V. lands; $10.
Eunice Elliott to Margaret de Bourg (wife
or Eugene), lot on NE corner of Crescent an*
ri? te cB,c 8 ,- st re , ' E 70 by N 150. being lota 541,
643 54... 547 and £49, Gift Map 2; $10.
William Hale to same, same; $10.
Arthur H. and Julia S. Sanborn to Robert R.
Hind, lot on S line of Thirteenth street, 75 E
of South Frederick. E 26 by S 116:3*4, lot 4.
block A. Spreck's subdivided blocks A. B and
D, Park Hill Homestead No. 2; $10
Alameda County.
EHiza L. and F. Adams to- Mary E. Ames
lot on E line of Market street, 73 S of Sixteenth
street S 32:8, E 115, N 33:9, W 140 to beginning
block B, property of North Oakland Homestead
Association, Oakland; $400.
Jeremiah and Frances Noonan to J. Noonan
Loan Company, lot on S line of Marl puna
street, 292. 1S Eof Grove, E 50, S 131.54. \V 50 02
N to beginning:, being lot 17, block 4. McKee
Tract, Oakland Annex; $10.
James M. and Margaret E. Thomas to Cos
mopolitan M. B. and U Association, lot on E
line of San Pablo avenue, 75 S of Wallace, E
175, S 51.12, SW 175.7 to a point on E line of
San Pablo avenue, distant 166.83 S from
point of beginning, thence 166.89 to be
ginning, being lota 1, 2, 3 and 8 half of
lot 4, Coggeshall Tract. E of San Pablo avenue,
Oakland Township, quitclaim deed: $:..
Emma L. Bowne to The McCarthy Company
<a. corporation), lot 27 and S half of lot 2S,
Subdivision A, Fruttvale Terminal Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
A. Bruenn to Philliplne Bruenn. lot on NE
corner of Fourteenth and Filbert streets E
100 by N 87, Oakland; gift.
Lorenzo and Sarah F. Welsh to Matilda J.
Glenn, lot on N line of Charter or Twenty
secund street, 5S8:1 E of San Pablo avenue E
SO by N 129:414. being lot 41. Tuttle Homestead
Tract. Oakland; $10.
George E. Fogg to George H. Fogg, lot on
W line of Brcadway, 90:11 S of Laurel Ktreet,
S 30:9. W 86, N 29:10. E 93:8 to banning, be
ing lot 22. Webster Homestead, Oakland; also
lot on S line of Laurel etreet. 116:5 W of Broad
way, W 40:8 by S 119:6, being lot 23, Lincoln
nnd Webster Homestead, Oakland, subject to
mortgage for $lfcG'">; $250.
George W. Scott (executor of the estate of
Nathaniel R. Miney) to Charles Morton, all
Interest in lot on W line of Eleventh avenue,
183:4 NE of East Twenty-fourth street. NE
66:8 by NW 150, block 149, Clln;on, East Oak
land; $2600. *
T. F. William Kleemann to Hulcla N. Klee
mann, lot nn S corner of Thirteenth avenue
and East Fourteenth street, PW 100. SE 76,
NE 120. NW SO, to beginning, being block B.
Clinton. East Oakland; gift.
John Stewart (assignee estate of Thomas D.
Newsom, insolvent) to Arthur P. Holland, all
Interest In lot on NW line of Fifth avenue,
fis SW of East Nineteenth street, SW 35 by
NW inn, subject to mortgage. East Oak
land; $7.
Arthur P. and Lettie W. Holland to Henry
L. Halsey, fame, East Oakland: $10.
Kittle D. Newsom (wife of Thomas D.) to
6ame, all interest in same, East Oakland; $1.
John M. and Bessie R, McArthur to Jorgen
C. Jorgensen, beginning at a point on the NE
line of tract of land described in the mort
gage made by John M. and Bessie R. McAr
thur to Frederick D. Talt, and recorded In 35»6
m 72. distant 158 NW from NW line of High
street; thence NW 235:4 feet. SW 246:03 feet.
SE 162.16 feet, NE 23". :2 feet, to beginning, be
ing portion lot 4, lands Brooklyn Land Com
pany. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Martha D. Hume to L. Olive Hume, lot on
E line of L'nion street. 100 N of Thirty-second,
N fin by E 133:3, being the S 60 feet lot 2.
block 678, Watts Tract. Map 2. Oakland; $A
Marie Nordhausen to Louisa Heeseman. lot
on N line of Nolan or Thirty-third street. 166:3
W of West street, W 50 by N 100.46, being lot
21, block R. Central Land Company's Tract,
Oakland; gift.
Fanny F. Reese to George W. Austin, lot on
N line of A street. 108 E of Hellen. E 25 by N
IM. belntr subdivision F of lot 1, block 792,
Watts Tract, Map 2, Oakland; $10.
Mai Glas to Oakland Paving Company (a cor
poration), lot on W line of MoPherson street.
175 S of Kings, S 25 by W 120. being lot 8, block
20, Oak Shade Tract, Alameda, quitclam deed;
$10.
chript Grau to same, same. Alameda; $10.
Frederick and Anna C. Bammann to A. C.
and Ann Dv Fosee, lot on SE corner of Eagle
avenue and Mulberry street, P 147:6 by W 44,
being the E 44 feet of lot 21 and E 44 feet of
N half of lot 22, block 17, lands adjacent to
Encinnl, Alameda; $10.
A. C. and Ann Pu Fosee to Frederick Bam
mann. lot on W lino of St. Charles street. 87:6
S of Pacific avenue. S 37:6 by W 101:3, block
J, Taylor and Page Trnct, Alameda; $10.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. December 14.
Stmr Washtenaw, CYoscup, 86 hours from Ta
coma.
TJr stmr Wellington, Palmond, 3H days from
Departure Bay.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Buckard, 78 hours from
Redondo and way ports.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Dec 13— Schr Beulah.
hpnee Dec 10.
PORT HLAKELTCY— SaiIed Dec 14— Schr De
fender, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Dec 14— Stmr Sequoia,
for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 14— Stmr Ethiopia,
from Glasgow.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Dec 14— Stmr Bel
genland, Philadelphia for Liverpool.
SAN FRA>CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the 3an
Call, corner ct MRrket and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the '-ear.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until E:3O o'clock.
621 McAllister street; *pen until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until S o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2626 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. ft
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _JV
EVENING. December 15, at "-I'TC.X
u'clock. Third degree. By order of /▼>
the Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Sec.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M., ft
Masonic Temple — Called meeting THIS JRX
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at ; : ji TV
o'clock. Third degree. Master Ma- /^r^
sons are cordially invited. By order of the
W. M. J^R. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF S A.N
FRANCISCO. Cal., will be held at its bar,c-
ing house. No. 301 Montgomery st., San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. on TUESDAY, January 10, ISU3
at 3:15 o'clock p. m., for the election of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such .other business as may
come before the meeting.
D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary
San Francisco, December 9, IS9B.
A LOAN can be had on your piano without re-
moval, or we will buy it. L'NCLE HARRIS
15 Grant aye.. near Market st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580
ROOMS papered from *3: whitened, *i ud-
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 62 (50 cents
, per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar I'lanta
tion Company will be payable at the office of
the company. 327 Market st.. on and after
Tuesday, Dec. 20. io*o. Transfer books will
close on Wednesday Dec. 14, 18S!>. at 3 o'clock
P- m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary
SITUATIONS WAA TEJJ—KKMAJLK.
COMPETENT nurse, best of reference desires
a situation. J. F. CROSETT & C 0. . -316 Sut-
ter st.
RESPONSIBLE young woman would like a
position of trust in office, establishment or
private correspondent or companion to invalid
lady; is a good penman; situation must be In
Sonoma County. Address by letter only, MISS
I'ULUA. m., I'eta.luma, Sonoma County, Cal.
SITUATIONS WANTED-
£ D £ L ?~ AGED woman wishes situation as
or ™, s » a Kood flrst-class French cook; city
°f, r I }f ry i» best of references. Address box
;■. '■>•>. : Call office. ... '
GntßhnG nt R hn^ N . la £ y 'she 5 to take care of a baby
hltw^r, i r.?J rges reasonable. 257 Clara St.,
between Fifth and Sixth.
■*£. K ?£fl 2, cook would like a place; will
na «? as «, lng: good references 442 Min-
na st., near Sixth.
W |n^,u'ti he day by a capable woman, sweep-
r£v' Adi *' w ' ndow *; flannels; terms $1 per
day. Address box 515, Call office.
T G ! Woma " wlahes situation as chamber-
£ll at kr housework or washing by the day.
Call at 568 Mission room 7.
W< M ,*;\^ HR Plain" sewing" or mending
at home or would do any kind of work by the
day. Call or address MRS. E.. 811% Mission.
FIRST-CLASS jacket finisher wants steady
work. Address 351 C Minna St. sieaajr
ALL the consideration and respect shown to 1
lf4' e T % ho are c '!1! 1 - P ?. rar " y emba _ assed at
UNCLE HARRIS , lo Grant aye. nr. Market.
WANTED, by middle-aged Swedish woman, 1
good plain cooking, small lamily or cham- 1
ber work; no washing. Address 53512 Natoma I
st. ; no postals answered.
RESPECTABLE Swedish girl wishes a situa-
tion to do , chamberwork in hotel. Apply 48
Fourth it
YOUNG German woman wishes situation as
housekeeper. 28 Randall place, off Sixteenth
near Valencia. '
PIANIST wishes dates for entertainments,
dancing parties; pupils; terms reasonable
Box 344.
GOVERNESS wishes to give afternoon or
evening lessons in English. French (Pa-
risian), German, music, singing; or would
take young children; flrst-class references.
Box 506, Call.
WOMAN who can do any kind of work wishes
engagement. 6 Fourth st. ; ring bell.
STONG girl wishes work by the day; plain,
washing, houseeleaning, etc. 1331 Fulton st.
DRESS and cloak maker, perfect fitter, wants
engagements; $1 25 day. 402 Mason st.
WANTED— middle-aged woman, position as
seamstress with dressmaker; would be gener-
ally useful; small remuneration. > "-ess for
one week, box 436. Call.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
FOR good cooks, stewards, waiters, dishwash-
ers or any other hotel or restaurant help
fiend orders to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency, all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant o«.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
beet help. 414% O' Farrell st. ; tel. East 428.
BY married man; proficient dairyman; under-
stands care of fine stock and farming and
good engineer, or would take cure of gentle-
man's place. Box 964. Call office, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS coachman wishes situation;
good driver; sober and reliable; can furnish
first-class city references. Address G. F.
WILSON. 44 Third Bt.
YOUNG German wishes position to take care
of garden and all-around work for a private
family; willing and obliging. Address 3121 j
Sixteenth st., near Valencia.
YOUNG man, 6 years in last place, wishes sit-
uation to do Dorter work or drive a team;
has good 6 years' reference. Address 3121
Sixteenth St., near Valencia.
SITUATION wanted as nicht watchman or
other night work by most reliable man; mid-
dle age; finest references. Address box 734.
Call office. •
MILK wagon driver, age 23; thoroughly com-
petent; year's experience on double team;
night route preferred; references. C.. care
2526 Mission St.
SOBER young; man would like a Job driving
team or any kind of work; city or country.
Address or call 153 Minna st.
BY middle-aged man to work about place or
drive wagon: sober; wages moderate. Box
ISS«A, Call office.
YOUNG man wants employment in store or
as driver; can do show-card writing. "Box 746.
Call office.
EXPERIENCED bartender from the East de-
sires position; has good . references. Address
box 736. Call.
ATTENDANT young man wants position as
such and be generally useful. Box .~>l7, Call.
POSITION— First-class city driver: has thor-
ough knowledge of streets. Box 739, Call.
ALL who intend to go to the country can store
their wealsklns, silverware, piano or valu-
ables for safe keeping till they return, receiv-
ing a loan as well, from UNCLE HARRIS, 16
Grant aye., near Market st.
EMPLOYMENT wanted by young man of 24;
speaks German. English and Spanish; honest
and willing. Box 741, Call office.
POSITION by a first-class coachman; best of
reference. Box 742. Call.
FIRST-CLASS ornamentor and cake baker
wishes situation; 4SO Jessie.
COMPETENT machinist with mining experi-
ence, sober and reliable, would hear from
party in need of his services. E. N.. 330 6th.
YOUNG man desires position as driver of
bakery wagon; best of city references. Call
or address SO2 Larkln St.
BOOKKEEPER open for engagement at once;
Al references. E. H. M.. 947 Poplar St., Oak-
land.
EXPERIENCED German gardener and coach-
man, age 33, desires situation; city or coun-
try. Address box 601, Call.
YOUNG man desires situation in office; thor-
ough knowledge of English and Spanish; also
of bookkeeping. Box 505. Call office.
YOUNG man will work for his board; even-
Ing? or part of day. Box 747.
STEADY married man wishes position around
private place; understands care of garden,
etc.; reference. 1715 Stockton st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night: $150 to $«
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bu»
and baggage to and from ferry.
1.1.i, 1' WAATED— FEMALE.
NURSE, sleep home, $12. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
WORKING housekeeper, $15. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St.
COMPANION to old lady, $15 to $20~ MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK and second girl, same house, $30 and $25.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter Bt.
NEAT girl, light work, $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
COLORED girl, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
GKKMAN* or Swedish cook, $35; no wash.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
RANCH cook, $20; fare paid. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS. Benlcla, $20. MISS CULLE^N, 325
Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, country, $10 per
month; fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
WOMAN with a child, $10. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St.
NEAT girl nurue, $10. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
HOTEL housekeeper. $40; 6 chambermaids for
Southern California, by Jan. 10. $20; 3 wait-
resses for commercial hotel, country, to start
20th, $2o: 5 waitresses, city and other country
hotels, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
2 SCANDINAVIAN .or German girls as cook
and second for same family, country, $50.
fare paid; see lady at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.
104 Geary st.
WORKING housekeeper for elderly couple for
country. $20, fare paid (see lady here 'J:30);
second girl, city, $20; and a number of cooks
and general house girls for city and country.
$20 and $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
COOK. $30, and second, $20, for small family,
country; fare paid; see party. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NURSE, 2 grown children, $25; waitress and
parlor maid, $20; 2 second girls, $20; girl for
housework, 2 in family, sletp home, $20:
German maid and sewing, $20: 3 cooks, $25; 2
waitresses and chambermaids. $15 and $20;
cook, lunch house, $20: and a large rumber of
girls for housework in city and country. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
SCANDINAVIAN chambermaid, $20: two sec-
ond girls, $20 each; two second girls, $15 each;
nursegirl, $10; housekeeper. $20; laundress, $20
to $25: cook, $25: 6 housegirls. $25 and $20;
housegirl, San Rafael, two in family. $20;
Alameda. $25; Sonora, $2.5; housegirl, city.
v two in family. $20. MRS. NORTON. 313
Sutter st.
WOMAN to cook on a small ranch, $20. fare
paid; girls for housework, etc. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
GIRL for housework, plain cooking, $20; also
upstairs girl, light work, $12. 631 Larkln st.
NEAT German or Danish girl to assist in gen-
eral work; good place for right party. 427
Larkin st.
EXPREIENCED pressers on cioaks. At 11
SIMINOFF, 122S Market St.
I YOUNG girl for housework; small family; $10.
Apply at 377 Oak Bt.
GOOD plain cook and general housework. 818
Hayes st.
GIRL, experienced in knee-pants making, at
1034 Folsom st. ; rear.
NEAT and willing girl to care for child and
assist, $6. 3250 Twenty-fifth st.
WANTED— Neat girl; care children; assist
housework. 1516 Fell Bt., opposite Paris.
HELP WAV Io»— Continued.
WANTED— Young lady to take charge of cigar
store on percentage; must have small bond.
; Call at 2p. m. to-day, 117 Ellis st.
$2 OR $100 to loan on your watch at UNCLE-
HARRIS", 15 Grant aye., near Market st.
! WANTED— Energetic ladies. 513 Taylor St..
from 10:30 a. m. to 1:30 p. m.
GIRL wanted for general housework. Apply^
I 2228 Clay St., corner Buchanan. T
I GERMAN girl. bet. 14 and 15, to mind baby;
\ wages $3. 317 Hayes street.
i TAILORESS and apprentices; good wages;
' steady custom work. 206 Minna st.
; GIRL to l-'arn hair-dressing and manicuring.
MME. DKLLA FAUST. 240 Stockton near
! Post street.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER TAILORING
. COLLEGE; lessons $1 per week. 426 Geary.
I LEARN dressmaking and millinery; position*
free: patterns. 25c up. McDowell's. IPS Post.
HELP WASTED- MALM.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5543
I Leading employment labor agents.
I Want to-day
Woodchoppers Tiemakers.
B men v, cut 4-ft pine wood $1 cord.
15 men to cut 4-ft ndwood "0c cord.
26 tiemakers Be, 9c, lf>c, 12c each.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
MARRIED $40 found, farmer and wifa.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
CANDYMAKER. country store; see boss here.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
SEVEN cooks, $55, $45, $30. $25 found.
3 waiters, $30, $25, $20 found.
Elevator boys $4 week.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay St.
WVO butchers, city and country shops, $30 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay Bt.
THREE bakers, country Jobs; $35 found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay at.
SIX farm hand* $25, $20, $15 found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay «t W
WANTED— Machinist for country: man and
wife, private family. $.'!0 to $35; buttermaker.
$3"; quartz miner, $2 00: cooks, waiters and
others. Apply to J. F. CKOSETT & CO., (28
Sacramento street.
WANTED— Cook for restaurant, $11 a week;
second cook, $40; waiter, country place, $20;
waiter, $7 a week; gardener and do porter*
work, $15 to $20; etc. ANDRE'S. 316 Stock-
ton Bt.
HEAD waiter, country hotel, $50. HOTEL GA-
_ZETTE. 420 Keariiy st.
WANTED for the "U. 8. Army— Able-bodied
unmarried men between ages of 21 and 35,
citizens of the United States, of good char-
acter and temperate habits, who can speak,
read and write English. For information ap-
ply to recruiting officer, 425 Montgomery Bt,
San Francisco, Cal.
PANTS maker; inside. 712 Ninth aye.; tak«
McAUister-bt. car; before 12 a. m.
SALESMAN for our clothing department.
Jonas Clothing Co., 1063 Broadway, Oakland.
DISHWASHER experienced on lunch counter.
Southeast corner Greenwich and Lyon sts.
FIRST-CLASS cabinet maker and boy to learn
a trade. FINK & SCHINDLER, 1309 Market.
'RINTING — Boy or young man to set type;
small Job ofllce. 309 Fourth et.
SHOEMAKER wanted for repairing. Call at
753 Market St.
WAITER wanted at 1125 Stockton at., $30 a
month.
WAITED— Good piano and violin player. 1715V4
Howard St., after 12 m.
$100, 000,000 TO loan on bonds, stock, real estate.
Roods in warehouse and in bond, or on valu-
ables of all kinds at 15 Grant aye., near Mar-
ket St.. UNCLE HARRIS.
WANTED— RetaiI clothing salesman. Apply
121 Sansome st., 9 to 10 a. m.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms, 25c per nigl.t, Jl to $3 per week.
TO go to-day — 300 pairs men's second-hand
shoes, some nearly new, from 25c to $1; new
shoes, slightly damaged, l /% price. 562 Mission
St., bet. First and Second sts. Open Sundays.
GOOD home for old man. Address 30 Hanna
St., Oakland. Berkeley train, B st. station.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such: must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between .3 feet 5 inches
and 6 feet in height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis at.,
San Francisco. CaJ.
$50 A MONTH, with Increase; Bteady man with
$150 wanted as partner in light, g-enteel and,
profitable business across the bay; former ex-
perience not required; no nipht or Sunday
work; full particdaulars. GOULD & CO., 632
Market St.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764^ Mission
st., men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
2 CHAIR barber shop for sale; good location:
2 llvng rooms. Inqure of DECKLEMAX
BROS., 106 Ellis st.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy term*. 1543
Market st. .
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San '
Francisco Barber College. 13S'i Eighth st.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS, Sec. 325 Grant aye. ■ '
TRY Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts. ;
thoroughly renovated ; 200 nns. ; 15c, 25c night.
SINGLE rooms, loc. 20c. 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 60 per wk. Elcho House, 563<4 Market st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
I _ .
| WANTED— To collect wages duo laborers and
| clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
] SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis Bt.. near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 967 Market st., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week. '
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms, 26c night; reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
"~~~~~~ AGENTS WANTED.
LADIES to sell "Ladles' Friend": half profit:
no capital required. 1126 Market ft., room 2.
— ~»~— — i^i— *~ -—^^^i
PARTNERS WANTED.
FOR cut flower nursery, competent gardener to,
work on shares; terms liberal; references re-
quired. Box 74*. Call office.
HOUSES WANTED. ' "
FOR 6 months, privilege renewal, completely
furnished house, 8-10 rooms, sunny side of
street; E. of Van Ness and S. of Cal.; rent
$75 to $100. Address box 750. Call office.
WANTED- MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Book case with glass front in good A.
order. Send address for 3 days, stating price, f9f 9
etc.. to box 737. Call office. ■
WANTED— A fresh milch goat. Send communl.
I cation to M. S. W.. Larkspur. Cal.
i WANTED, for cash— A good upright or square
piano. Room 12, Flood building.
CHEST carpenter tools: must be In good order
1 • and reasonable. Address TOOLS. Call office,
Alameda. . '
FIRST-CLASS typewriter and copying press
for cash. Northwest cor. 25th and Folsom.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for cash.
GARr>V~T? & OASPKLL. 216 Post nt
———————
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sun- ■
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AIRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; indi-
vidual instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.: life scholarship, toO; low rates
per week and month.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt. ; day & eve.-
est. 11*64. . VAN PER NAILLEN. 933' Market.
ELOCUTION & oratory; F. C. Caldwell: 16 yrs r
experience. Emma Spreckels " ldg. 927 Market.
INSTRUCTION— piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE, 3341 24th st.
SAN FRANCISCO ■ Business College, 123« Mar-
ket St.; 400 positions secured in last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr. £72 Parrott bldg.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private-
no fee without success; collections. G w'
HOWE,.atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockta^
ADVICE free: divorce laws; private J b"
EVANS. 14 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank!
ALL private law. cases, bankruptcy, collection
: free advice ; open evgs. Atty McCabe. 103 Larkln.
ADVICE free— W. P. "ADAMS, 607 EmmZ
Spreckels bldg., 927 Market: charges mode?a?*
L.. 6. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg. 527 Ha.*.
ket ; consultation free : no fees In advance.
A yF£f£&o Js.J $. c 8c 8 h r ar Mvr Ukn^BUccwt^^:U k n^ 8Uccwt^^:
ELEVENTH. 106-Branch- of flc« of Tka CIT
, Subscriptions and a4s taken.BUSINESS CHANCES.
A. -$4OOO HOUSE of -1 rooms, store with~stock
of groceries, liquors, etc.; lot 29x127:6; best
i Mission st.; death of owner cause
or genuine bargain. WILKE & UNFUU. 906
Market st.
A— SI2OO— COAL and wood yard; established
many years, doing good business; horses and
wagons; rent $23: death of owner cause of
genuine good investment. Call WILKE
UXKUQ. 906 Market St.
A -SSOO— COUNTRY resort; Santa Clara County;
fine bar room; 2 parlors; 7 bed rooms; large
grounds; horse and buggy; stock of liquors;
first-class paying establishment; owner to
leave for F.aflt; a bargain. Particulars
WILKE A UNFUQ. 006 Market st.
A ~5 ; KB grocery and bar; established
years; doing good-paying business; death of
owner cause of sale; 4 living roo:r.s; rent $45.
WILKE «t UNFUQ. 906 Market «t.
A— s3ol,; SALOON near R. R. depot; net rent
only $14; card and private rooms; the biggest
bargain In the market. WILKE & UNFL'G,
9U6 Market st.
A— s7oo— DELICACY and grocery store on El-
lis St.; 5 living rooms; rent $2o; doing a good
paylnjt business; owner to leave for New
York. WILKE ft DNFUQ. HHTJarket st.
A— S6SO— COFFEE saloon close to Al.azar The-
ater; first-class paying; rent $65: partners
can't a?r». WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market.
NER sal< n no.;h of Mart
building with G rooms Included; present owner
20 years in same place. M. LESS. 765 Market.
$3c.f> RESTAURANT between shops and fac-
tory; six living rooms; rent only $25. M.
• 76;, Murket St.
$1000— SALOON In good country town; build-
Ing and lot included: living rooms; owner
has other business; caji b« seen in city. Ap-
Ply M. LESS. W6 Market st.
$226 SAL' 'i in. riclnltjr Third and Mission sts.;
3 living rooms; rent $22 50; business Is O. K.
t>o you want a bargain? Can you tell one
jthen you see it? M. LKSS, 76.") Market st.
$400— RESTAURANT north of Market St., near
largo carhouse; well paying; good steady
f trade year round; worth looking into. M.
\ LEBS. "65 Market st.
A— CIGAR STANDS. $150, J200; fine locations;
yood trads; bargains. S. H. GOULD & CO.,
632 Market st.
BARGAIN In saloon; good location; fine trade;
death compels Immediate sale; do not fail
to Investigate. S. H. GOULD & CO., 632
Market st.
$500— GROCERY and bar; nicely fitted up; fine
corner; splendid trade; sickens compels qul'k
sale: bargain. P. H. GOULD & CO.. 632
Market Ft.
TO buy or sell, any kind of business, partners
procured, lodging houses a specialty: collec-
tions made. WEHNER & HANDLE, 1027> a
Market st
3100— PARTNER In asphnltum and roofing
business; inside or outside work; guarantee
$75 b month; references given. 1027' i Market.
EXPRESS business; steady trade from
stores; trial given. Inquire 1027V6 Market st.,
room 2.
$I.v -RESTAURANT; centrally located; good
and steady cash trad*-; suitable for man and
Wife; cheap rent, ("ail 10274 Market st.
A-J200; branch bakery and notions; $10 dally; no
competition; rooms. Kredo & Co., 22S Geary.
A— s3oo ; cor grocery and bar; fine stock and fix-
tures; bargain. KREDO A CO., 22' i Geary st.
A— sl7s; el| HO to Ji2 daily: value In
itock; l • . KRED< I A I ' '.. 2Z-, Geary.
CANDY and Ice rream parlor and dell-
a bargain on account of departure.
' AUOHLIN &. CO.. 777 Market.
* WOOD, coal, hay and grajn and cnal-
011 route: great sacrifice, on account of sick-
ness In family. McLaughlln, 777 Market st.
$200- DELICACY branch bakery, notions; one
nicest little [laces In city, doing f.ne business;
3 living moms. JONES, 565 Market St.
$400 PARTNER wanted in light business,
where the services of plain, steady man are
preferred to hired help: business lon« estab-
1 iir,-; too much for one man; no exi«-
rtfnre required; trial given: $1S to $30 a we.-k
each. Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
A- We have buyers to Invest In any legitimate.
i'UFiness; parties willing to sell give us a
call. National Husiness Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$500 — CANDY store, factory and ice cream par-
. the best town in State; will teach the
Bt the business. H. C. DECKER. 1020
Market St.
MEN and women wanted In every town and
county to sell a new toilet article. Address
M H I'ARTWIUGHT, r. 709. 927 Market st.
TWO first-dan restaurants and coffee sa-
saie; sell one or both. Inquire of
tho proprietor at 313 BuFh st.
N'KR butcher shop: cash business $25 dally:
cheap; no agents. 22 r > Fourth St., room 12.
1 v I ■ I shop in Oakland.
:-."ss box 1952. Call office, Oakland.
A.URANT I it -a'.e: splendid location. Ap-
ply at once, box 519. Call office.
PARTNER with some means by expert wine
man for opening neat, respectable wine
rom with family trade. Box 51S, Call office.
BARKER shop — First-class two-chair 15c shop,
completely furnished rooms in rear; sickness.
Address box 1937, Call office.
GOOD paying grocery and bar in Mission; rea-
sonable. Inquire 1009 Mission st.
k SHOE shop: doing fine business; good loca-
tion; cheap rent: reasonable. 832 Bush st.
"WELL-EQUIPPED boardine and livery stable;
barn full; reason for selling sickness; must
sell before winter; 38 boarders: 20 livery and
work horses: buggies; surries: carriage;
double and single harness; all that a good
stable requires. Address box 377, fall Offlce.
BAKERY and restaurant; would take partner;
good location; close to Market Ft.; all store
trade; in good running order; long lense; good
reason for Felling. Box 411, Call offlce.
$200— SALOON, well stocked: pool and billiards;
living rooms: r«'nt $12; bargain: proprietor
sick; must sell at once; see It. Call office.
GOOD paylnir saloon: will trade for lot or small
ranch: neatest saloon south of Market St.;
Investigate. Address box 1592, Call offlce.
GOOD corner bakery; only store; doing good
business: reason for selling, other business
In the East. Apply Call offlce.
BAKERY fitted up new; only store trade; cash
business: good chance for baker. Inquire
Call offlce.
$65— SMALL restaurant outfit for sale. 505 Pa-
cific st.; call afternoons.
$9^o, MORE or less, grocery stock at Invoice;
: locality; cheap rent; good reason for
D. W. CORBIN. El Vlrano. Cal.
DRUG store, clean and complete stock and fix-
tures; In good location: Investigate at once;
chance for good physician. Box 161S, Call.
COFFEE, tea and eplce solicitors headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-1 M
Bealo it
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
H ''. DECKER. 1020 Market St., o;.p. Fifth.
>Ms; reduced from $5000 to $2500
10 rooms; on Sutter st 250
24-room house; new house and furniture.. 850
8 rooms; new furniture; cost $550 2""
12 rooma on Market at.; rent $40 4.','">
10-room house; only..'. 150
■1 21 rooms; corner; clears $150 550
«S-r>om house; corner 1200
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
MONEY LOANED ON ANY HOUSE.
11. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
A-KREDO A CO. 2214 Geary st.
Money advanced on all houses.
10 rooms; bay-window corner; transient. .s .'to
14 rooms; all bay-windows: a snap 800
23 rooms; Fifth st. ; clears $75 600
105 rooms; best known house on coast — 4000
And others. Call and get list. KREDO.
A— s2ooo; 54 rooms; best house in Oakland;
clears $l.Vi month; also 40-room house, Oak-
land. KREDO & CO.. 224 Geary st.
A— sBso; HOUSE of 35 rooms; rent $50; on
Ftocktor. Ft.; sickness In family civ :
great bargain. WILKE & UNFUG. 906
Market et.
3*-ROOM sunny corner house; rooms all rented;
"sell at a fine bargain. 704 Howard St., cor-
ner Thlrd^ '
HOTEL. 2« rooms, hard finished; only $1100;
lot 78x160 ft.; furniture Included; cheap at
$2000. Call at 256 Third st.
LODGING house for sale; on Bth st. ; on ac-
| of sickness: 2S rooms; nicely furnished;
• riflo; $1200. Addt' is boa 7, Call office.
FURNISHED I ««e of 8 rooms; all full; price
$S0; cheap rent. IM Mason st.
■ 12 looms furnished for sale; cheap.
Kills st.
MUST sell; going East; S3 rooms; all full. 711H
Mission Ft.: $300: rent $20.
LADIES, if you need money call on UNCLE
HARRIS. ll r > Grant aye.. near M.trk't st.
FLRMTIRI FOR SALK.
NEW furniture of 7-room house; 4 rooms rent-
ed- rent paid one month; complete; $650.
' ■: ::,:,, Call offlce.
C-VRPET CLEANING.
r' ITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works — Cleans,
■ moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South I
WHEN you become distgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-
Ix-ut.ns Work*. 3.'3-.'7 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cu-uned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c.
STRATTOXS. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 'J44.
J. K. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission i 4.
< ■< 'NKLIN r S~Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gnte aye.; tel.- East IS6.
ADVANCE Carpet -cleaning C<v, »02 fcutter St.;
tel. Main 354. GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— Send lor circular; houses to let all parts of
city. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
AT 20 Mary st., near Fifth and Mission—Double
parlors, 7 rooms; rent $22 60.
A— lo-ROOM house; reduced from $50 to $40.
1523 Bush St., near Van Ness aye.
AN elegant 10-room house; 1&22 Pacific aye.;
reduced to $60. At SPECK & CO.'S.
NICE house 6 rooms, bath and basement; rent
low. Northwest corner Pine and Laguna sts.
SUNNY house, corner Geary and Larkln; 9
rooms. Inquire 1153 Howard st.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
12-ROOM house; fine for renting rooms. 29 Oak
et., near Market. Apply at 15 Grant aye.
$3 OR $30,000 to loan you on pianos, without re-
moval, at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.,
near Market st. ■ i ' --' •'■ "-
COTTAGES TO LET. ~
A— DAYS free; lovely 6- room cottages (Mis-
sion). $10 to $12. At A. M, SPECK & CO.'S.
602 Market st.
COMPLETELY furnished rear cottage of 5
rooms and bath: rent $18. Apply 1142 Post st.
PRETTY cor. cottage, 6 rooms and bath, beau-
tifully furnished, rent $27 f.O. GEORGE W.
H. PATTERSON, 1709 Market. '
COTTAGE, 4 rooms, bath, basement; $15,
upper Cat, 6 rooms, bath. Apply at 220 13th.
FLATS TO LET.
FELL, Flat, 4 rooms and bath; hot and
cold water; yard and basement; rent $15;
key 13 Fell.
MODERN flat of 5 rooms and bath; rent $20.
Apply 1642 Polk st.
RINCON Hill— Upper flat, 5 large sunnj rooms,
bath; reasonable. Box 262, Call office.
; SECOND, Flat, € sunny rooms, $14; also
i sunny cottage.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$1,000,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.,
near Market st.
$12. $14. $17; FLATS, light and sunny; 4. 6 and
6 rooms. 2209 Geary St.
$20- SUNNY bay-window flats: 6 rooms and
bathroom. 1633 Clay St., corner Polk.
$20— SUNNY bay-window flats; 6 rooms and
bath. 1704 Washington St.. near Polk.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALVA. May, Laura and all young and beauti-
ful ladies are notified that th > highest amount
Is loaned on watches, diamonds and Jewelry
at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye., near
Market st.
EDDY, Very desirable connecting house-
keeping rooms; no children: private residence.
; FIFTH. Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen; grate, water, Fink, bath; private; $11.
FIFTH. 353— Double parlors, kitchen, bath: fur-
nished; housekpg, $20; also 2, $12; single, $5.
FOLSOM, 1136 — 3 sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping: rent $12 50.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050—2 large, sunny, well
furnished rooms for light housekeeping; gas
stove; bath: free telephone.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness aye.— Suite of 3
sunny unfurnished rooms, with gas range.
HAMPTON place, off Folsom. bet. Second and
Third— window; 3 rooms; yard; base-
ment; $11.
HOWARD, Front and back parlors; run-
ning water; bath; gas: $15: for light house-
keeping; also front bedroom, $4.
JACKSON, 920, near Furnished Funny
front large housekeeping rooms, $7. .$S to $9.
KEARNY. — Front suite: two unfurnished
rooms, 10 ; three rooms. $15; reference.
KEARNY, near Sutter— Three, unfurnished
front rooms for offices or housekeeping; gas
free; cheap rent. Apply 15 Grant aye.
LARKIN. 706 — Furnished and unfurnished;
also light housekeeping; light and sunny.
MARKET, 102S— Large Funny front room and
kitchen; folding bed; closet; call after 6 p. m.
MCALLISTER, 907—3 sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; moderate; quiet.
MISSION. 839— Sunny kitchen and bedroom,
complete for housekpg, $2 50; large rooms, $2.
NEW MONTGOMERY, Sunny front house-
keeping rooms; cheap; also single, 10c and lac.
NINTH. 21— Suite of sunny rooms furnished for
light housekeeping: running water: stove.
OAK. 12 — Large alcove room, with stove, com-
plete for housekeeping; bath, gas; $10.
OAK, 43 — Sunny furnlshod rooms: housekeeping
If desired; gas, bath; private family.
OAK, 119 — 1 sunny room, furnished, $6; 1 front
room, complete for housekeeping.
SCOTT. 1614— First floor of 3 unfurnished
rooms; bath: garden; $16: adults only.
SECOND, 130— To let; furnished front rooms.
single and double, in a private house: fur-
niture In Derfect order; reasonable prices;
- new proprietor.
SIXTH, 216%— Nice suite front rooms for light
housekpg; also sunny back rooms for hkpg.
SIXTH. 420— Elegant furnished parlor suite;
also housekeeping rooms complete; reasonable.
3 AND 2 large unfurnished rooms; cellar and
yard; cheap. Inquire 661 Sixth st. !
SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, complete
for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 In kitchen
and 1 in bedroom, with suite to match; furni- [
ture all new; $11 per month: suitable for 2 or
4 persons.' Apply at shoe store, 662 Mission
St., between First and Second.
SOUTH PARK, 184—2 sunny rooms, nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping: rent $10.
TURK. 20—2 nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; cheap. . ' .._.:■
TEHAMA. 331— Sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; also single; bath; private.
THIRD, 309— Large sunny front room, nicely
furnished for housekeeping; other rms. cheap.
THIRD, 340 — Sunny. room, complete for house-
keeping; rent $6; single room. $4.
TWELFTH, 40, near Market— Large sunny
front suite for housekeeping or single; $6.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 33G7. near Mission— 2 large
front housekeeping rooms, furnished com-
plete, desirable. $10.
3 HOUSEKEEPING rooms. $14. not front; oth-
ers, $7; sunny. 505 Jones.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny rt.— Pleasant
tunny rooms; en suite or tingle; first-class
In every respect: terms reasonable.
BALBOA, The. 1049 A Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 50c, eultes $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited: elev'tr;tel.
BELGRAVIA, 1715 Polk— Elegant sunny rooms,
furnished or unfurnished; hoi sekeeplng; table
board.
BOHEMIA— 239 Post— Sunny suites and single;
all conveniences: gentlemen or families; ele-
vator; references given.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth St., corner Howard—
rooms en suite or single. 25c to $1 a. night;
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night: Howard-st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
CARROLLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate—
Nicely furnished rooms and offices.
CLARA, 158—3 nice sunny rooms to let; rent
$7; water free.
DELAWARE. 143! Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rmi. ; $8. $10 mo.
EDDY. 118— Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central: very desirable: $6 per month upward.
EDDY, 207— Nicely furnished single rooms, $5;
double, $7 upward; with gas and bath.
EDDY. 330. between Jones and Leavenworth—
-Handsome parlor suite; also single rooms;
carpets and furniture entirely new; at rea-
sonable rent.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— Nice sunny suites
& sing.. $150. $6 wk.; 50c, $1 day; tel. 81. 1364.
ELLIS, 611— Nicely furnished sunny room; gas;
bath; private family; rent reasonable.
FOLSOM. 776%— neatly furnished room to
let: $4.
GEARY, 428, "The Gage"— Elegant furnished,
en suite and single; hot and cold water; bath.
GEARY, 622— Large front sunny bay window
room; also others; hot and cold water.
GLOBE House, S2l Howard— t-er night,' 26c to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars
GOLDEN GATE. Parlor floor suitable for
physician or dentist; carpeted.
GRAND SOUTHERN. BE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 ;er week.
HASKELL, The, 121 Powell— New management;
cheap, neat, light, sunny rooms; transient.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant
suites and single rms.; transient. Mrs. J.King.
HOWARD,' &74— Sunny rooms cheap; or will
sell out cheap; good location.
HOWARD. 953%. near Sixth— Newly furnished
aunny rooms; bath; $1 week up; quiet house.
HOWARD, 1312— Sunny front room; bath, gas,
use of kitchen; very reasonable jto lady.
Call forenoon. - •
MCALLISTER, Nicely furnished sunny
room, gas, bath, private family, $10.
MCALLISTER. Newly furnished rooms;
eras; bath; grates; hot and cold water; rea-
sonable j
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1898*
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
MCALLISTER, 625— 2 furnished front rooms, '
bath, gas. $0 and $8; private house.
MECHANICS' HOUSE, 436 Fifth— Everything
new; rms.. single or suite, $1 wk. up; trans-
clent; bar In connection. F. W. Gardener, bro.
C. J. Gardener of Folsom and Rausch. prop.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 933 (Mint House)— Nice sunny fur- j
nished rooms; transient; new house; central. ]
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele- j
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL. 2SO (Elwood House)— Nicely fur- ]
nished Bunny rooms; hot and cold water; .
quiet; transient.
PIEDMONT House. 119 A 6th— Nicely furnished
sunny front rooms; double, single; first class.
POST. 909— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
single and double; $5, $7, $8; private house.
SELL your furniture to UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye., near Marke; st.
SEVENTH. 179— New house, newly furnished;
mode-n, sunn}'; single or suite: $6 to $20 mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SUTTER. 1111— Clean and comfortable furnished
rooms; single and en suite: very reasonable.
TAYLOR, 323— Nicely furnished front roomj;
en suite or einsrlp: bath. gas.
ROOMS AND HOARD.
FIRST. 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fairmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class In every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
HOWARD, 2606— Large sunny rm., grate, large
closet, with board, for 2 young men: $35.
PARK House, Twenty-fourth and Mission-
Board and lodging, $4 50 and $5; rooms, $1 25
up: board without room, $3 50.
IRVING, 1070 Valencia— Large sunny front al-
cove room.
O'FARRELL, Sunny single rm.: also sunny
parlor for 3 gentlemen; home comforts; piano.
PIANOS and trunks stored and money loaned
on them at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye..
near Market st. ;;" v ;'- ■
SUTTER. 1128— Elegant room and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed; reasonable^
VAN NESS. 400 — Large sunny room with board
for two; separate beds; very cheap.
VAN NEPS aye.. 519— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms; first-class table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
TURK, r.24 — Wanted children or infants to
board; Per, fam.; good home: mother's care.
STORES TO LET.
GROCERY and bar to let. Northwest corner
Eighth and Natoma sts.; living rooms.
STORE; 3 sunny living rooms; rent $12 50. 310
Fillmore st., corner Haight.
$9 AND $10; 2 stores, with living room. 339 Noe
st., near Market; stable If desired. >
OFFICES TO LET. '
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
MISSION, 858 — Suitable for physician; occu-
pied by such formerly.
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE, 4 stalls or more If desired; $11 per
month. 415 First St.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT $5 50 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD.
$3 50 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright $295 00
Steinway upright IS7 50
Chickerlng upright 235 00
Sohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright 275 "0
And over 20 bargains from $40 up: buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
136 Ellis St., Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $«
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon Fame easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$3 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms ea«y; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
DURING the next few weeks while our store
Is being remodeled we will offer the greatest
bargains in pianos and musical merchandise;
call and get our price*. ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO., 763 Market st.
A STEINWAY, $173; Steck. $150; Estey. $225;
Fischer, $250; Weber. $200; easy payments;
pianos rented $1 50 up; rent allowed on pur-
chase. Bruenn's Piano House, 204 Post st.
WM. G. BADQER, 415 Sacramento St., agent
for celebrated pianos of Francis Bacon of New
York and Hallet & Davis Co.. Boston.
AN elegant Pteinway upright, but little used
and In perfect order; a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Wareroomß, 1818 Market st.
I BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. sole agents for Chick-
I erlnc, Steck. Vom and Sterling pianos; easy
| payments. 16 O'Farrell st.
A FINE bargain; Weber upright, only $60. 216
Post st.
A FINE Steinwav and new Chlckering upright
sacrificed. KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
$150— FINE Steinway; great bargain. SCHMITZ,
16 McAllister St., next Hibprnla Bank.
I A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 208 Post st.
HAINES Bros.' and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest: prices lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
MARTIN guitar for $20; cost $45. UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
PICTURE framing with glass, now cheaper
than ever; 7x9 Inches. 10c; 10x12. 15c; 12x16,
He; 14x17. 25c; 16x20. 30c; 18x22. 35c; 20x24. 45c;
22x28, 60c; curtain poleg complete, with wood
or brass trimmings, 15c: room molding, all
colors, lc per foot: colored pictures, studies,
etc. 3 for 10c. JONES, 647 Mission st., be-
tween First and Second; open evenings.
COST $1200; diamond solitaire earrings; price
$580.
Cost $960; diamond crescent, 69 stones; price
$480.
3 diamond rings, $130, 90 and JR.".
New Arlington. 1015 Market st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth. :.*:.:,' -i*V v-~ ,
FOURTEEN nice Shetland ponies for sale at
J. D. HORAN'S Stock Yard, corner Tenth
and Bryant sts.: among them are several
nicely mated teams and ponies, suitable for
saddle.
SECOND-HAND engines, boilers, pumps, hose,
belting, etc. H. L. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
PETALUMA and Stockton incubator: 300 and
240 eggs; brooder; $40 outfit. 2805 Folsom at.
40.000 FEET redwood boards; second-hand lum-
ber. Ist and Jessie. Yard 15th and Valencia.
GASOLINE engtnes-1 h. p.. $100; 2 h. p.. $125;
3 h. p., $150; 4 hp., $175. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
SIX horsepower Zenith gas engine; nearly new.
Cal. Belt Co., 619 Mission: tel. Br. 331.
ONE and 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap.
HUFPCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to ' any address in the United
States, postpaid, for $1 f-0 a year.
LEGAL NOTICES. ~~~"
DEPARTMENT No. 10. Probate. la the
Superior Court in and for the City and
County of San Francisco. . State of Califor-
nia. In the matter of the estate of ISAAC
S. BELCHER, deceased. Notice is hereby
given that Monday, the 19th day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1898, at 10 :: o'clock a. m. of
said day, and the court room of Department
10 of said court, at the new City Hall, In
the city and county of San ; Francisco, State
of California, : have been appointed as the
time and place for proving the will of said
I. 8. BELCHER, deceased, and for hearing
the application of ADELINE N. BELCHER
for the Issuance to her of letters testamen-
tary thereon. • .
Dated Dec. 5. A. D. 1898.
[Seal] CHARLES F. CURRY. Clerk.
By V. :F. NORTHROP. Deputy Clerk.
RICHARD BELCHER. Belcher building,
Marysville, Cal.. Attorney ; for Petitioner.
PERSONALS.
IF J. T. HAVES, formerly in Pullman car ser-
vice, will send address to box 738, Call office,
- he will hear something to his advantage.
JOSEPH GREVEN, instructor of many now
celebrated singers, will open by request two
classes, each with about 10 pupils, beginning
January, being impossible to receive the many
applicants for single lessons; classes, month-
ly $2, ensemble and single treatment; only
those enlisting before Christmas accepted.
Rdib. 121-122 Murphy bldg., Jones and Market.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
THE Monarch Shoe Store, 1346 and 1348 Market
St., offers a better grade of shoes at less price
than any other dealer in town; Call and see.
LEDERER'S QUINONIA— This celebrated Hair
Tonic is a cure for Dandruff; 350 bottle; try
it. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton Et.
THERE is but one Hairdresser in town. G.
LEDERER, 123 Stockton St., charges but 250.
LEDERER'S Foamo, best shampoo, 6c pkg.;
switches, $1 up; curls. 45c pr.; Bund.. 9 to 12.
LA.DIES only; "Ladit» Friend"; advice, d.Ca
and sample free. 1126 Market st, room 2.
CLOTHING, especially ladies* and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
STAMP Albums, best Christmas present; stamps i
bought. W. Sellschopp & Co.. 113 Stockton et.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House 44 Third St.. near Market; 200 rooms;
S6c to $150 per night : $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHRISTMAS Sale— Japanese bamboo furniture;
all kinds to order; wholesale and retail; coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO.. 313 Sutter.
FOR comfort, durability, elegance and economy
have your shoes made to order at store prices
by Family Shoe Factory, 1550-1554 Market st.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement: diseases of. women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOP. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
LATEST style dresses made. $5 to $«; dresses
made over. 3 Eddy St., rooms 14 and 16.
BAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market; men and women teachers.
SPIRITUALISM. __^^_
attentionT
mrs. dr. a. d. howe.
The celebrated medium, and clairvoyant of
all clairvoyants, who sees it all, tells you all
and Instantly gives you peace and happiness.
She never asks a question, but before you
utter a word she tells you in rull of all that
you are interested In; business, speculation,
love, marriage, divorce, tells of friends and
enemies, locates mines and buried treasures.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all dlesases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
All correspondence sacredly confidential.
Treatment and consultation *y mall always
satisfactory and most successful. Address or
call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
1104 Market St., S. F.. The Vendome.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies: consult
when others fall: sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
JOHN SLATER, spiritual medium; sittings
dally, 11 to 4. Office, 330 Eddy st. ; circle Fri-
day night.
MME. YOUNGS convincing test circle to-night.
IQc. 605 McAllister st.: come, skeptics.
BUSINESS medium and palmist: readings 250
this week; satisfaction guaranteed. 234% 6th.
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all: Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon.. 8: 25c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
-..-■ ■"i • ■ ;W •
Permanently Located In San Francisco,
At 1023% Market Street.
Between Sixth and Seventh.
While entranced gives aid and advice which
will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
with the one you love no failure, remove influ-
ence, bad habits, cures witchery, fits and long-
standing and mysterious diseases; will give cor-
rect information on law suits, sickness, death,
divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by mail.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms,
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1023% Market st.
Mrs. Hoskins, tr. medium, rdgs dally, $1; cir-
cles Tues. eve.. £sc. 322 3. Spring. Los Angeles.
MME. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fesslon. has removed to 218 Stockton st.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 26c. Hi Sixth, rm. 10.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c. 221 Sixth
street.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MMF. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; Be up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell ft.
PALMISTRY..
SCIENTIFIC palmistry. MRS. KATE BLAIR,
room 143. Phelan building; third floor.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk St., has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy St., between
Hyde and Larkln.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter what cause); cafe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fail;
travelers helped without delay; home in con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialists free and confidential. MRS.
DR. WYETH. 203 Turk St.. near Jones.
ALL Ladies — C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
CO years' pratcice; _■:• and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; -cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong. $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure: no danger of after ef-
fects: taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 60 per box. sent free by mall
on receipt of price; consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23 Grant
aye.. 8. F. A caution— purchasing
elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; safe and
sure: no medicine or instruments used: con-
sultation free: pills and capsules, $1; cure $5.
By the well-known ladles' physician for 37
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR
POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; no instruments used: guaranteed cure
at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly; hours
9 a. m. to 6 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122
Market st., bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS— Ladies in trouble see Drs. Good-
win free: reliable, safe and sure; cure in 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints; no instru-
ments; maternity home; best medical at-
tendance: cure. $5. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 13G2A Mkt..bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no other; , Bend 4c stamps for particulars-
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlla.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned spe-
cialist; all monthly Irregularities •. restored;
whatever cause; all cases relieved lmmedate-
; ly; call or write; confidential. 1023% Market.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st •
$1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO.. 631 X St.. Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEOENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance:- terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'B French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 60;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents,', Oakland Cal.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; pleasant, sunny
home In confinement. 156 Second st. Tele-
phone Green 62. ■. • .
Bellevue | Sanitarium— cared for during
confinement. 727 Bellevue nve.. Los Angeles.
______________
SI OH AGE.
FIeTrcE^ODOLPH 'storage and r Movlng~Co7
Office 401 Post st, cor. Powell; tel. Main £711
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
DEVISADERO-ST. FLATS.
Devlsadero, near Bush— 2-story build-
ing; also stable in rear; lot 26:6x137:6.
$200 CASH; BALANCE MONTHLY.
$2500— Good 2-story bay-window house, on
Clipper, nr. Castro; contains 7 rooms and bath.
BUSINESS CORNER.
$4500— A splendid business corner on Dolores
st. : improvements consist of a substantial
building containing a store and 4 rooms in the
rear, flat above of 6 rooms and bath; also cot-
tage adjoining containing 4 rooms; total rents
$39; extra large lot, 66x57.
A GREAT BARGAIN.
PAYS OVER 15 PER CENT.
$3350— to Fifth and Market sts. ; good
tenement property in a fine renting locality;
this property Is offered at a low price In order
to effect an immediate sale. .
LEAVENWORTH-ST. FLATS.
— Leavenworth st., near Broadway; two-
story building, containing 2 flats; rent $32.
DOWN-TOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$22,000— Drumm-Bt. corner, within 1 block of
Market st. large lot; the improvements are old,
but pay a fair return on the Investment; mort-
gage of $12,000 can remain.
ALMOST A FIFTY-VARA LOT.
$4500— Lyon St., near Post; a great big lot,
with old improvements; splendid for teamster
or a good location to build cheap flats; prop-
erty must be sold to close an estate.
PAYS 14 PER CENT.
Bernard st., close to Jones and Pacific;
1 good flats, steadily rented. r-
SEVENTH-ST. CORNER.
$3500— Seventh St., close to Folaom; corner;
25xSO; ground rent $20 per month.
PAYS 12 PER CENT.
$2500— A good Investment, close to Seventh
and Folsom sts.; double 2-9 tory house; contain?
10 rooms and basement; always rented; lot
25x80.
PRICE $20,000— $2300 PER ANNUM.
Northwest corner In Western Addition: 2 new
buildings, containing 6 flats, just completed;
all rented; income $2300 per year; for sale at a
bargain; no reasonable offer refused; corner lot,
50x106:3.
NEW WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$Ssoo— Page st., close to town; 3 new flats, all
rented for $80; sunnny side of street; large lot.
CORNER INVESTMENT.
$10,000— handsome, brand-new building,
just completed; rent $100; large corner lot; this
building contains 3 corner flats of 6 rooms and
bath, etc., each; very sunny and very attrac-
tive.
NICE COTTAGE IN RICHMOND.
Fourteenth aye., near Clement St.; con-"
tains 6, rooms, bath and high basement; lot
25x137:6. :
,-: .f,
FILBERT-ST. - COTTAGE. -.
$2000— A bargain; Filbert St., near Laguna;
contains 6 rooms and bath; also driveway and
stable; lot 25x137:8.
.' BALDWIN & HOWELL,
;__ . ■ - 10 Montgomery st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
SUNSET DISTRICT LOTS A SPECIALTY. ?
Branch Office on Ninth aye., near H st.
$400, $450, $500 to $800 each; street graded, lots
ready to build on; $25 down, $5 monthly, rt ■
Unexcelled View. Perfect Bargains.
Go to see them. Local agent on the Ground.
RICHMOND LOTS FROM $400 TO $SOO.
$100 to $300; lots near Misslon-st. electric
care; ready to build on; $10 down. $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
PARK LOTS $5 MONTHLY.
PARK LOTS. $5 MONTHLY.
Why pay $400 and $500 for lots when - - ;
we can sell you better bargains for $275?
$275— For Choicest and Cheapest Home Lots—
$275— 55 MONTHLY— S27S.
$275— 0n Bth, 9th, 10th and 11th avenues— s27s.
$275— South and near Golden Gate Park— s27s.
OVER 60 LOTS SOLD.
See BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. Regulators of prices.
Branch office, 9th aye.. corner II st.
Open dally and Sundays.
_ ; . -. • In Sunset District.
NEW 3-room cottage with level lot, near Mis-
sion and Thirtieth sts.; $10 monthly. JACOB
HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st.
$650 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage;
good material. 1 GEO. M. SALSBURY. Build-
fr. f2l X St.. Sunset district.
ALL that are troubled, whether ..ally, weekly
or monthly should remember that they can
borrow on their diamonds from UNCLE HAR-
RIS. 15 Grant aye.. near Market St.
DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for the tame price as rub-
ber: full set of teeth, $5; crovns. $3; fill-
ings. 60c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered: consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless end warranted. Chicago Den-
£ tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2, bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible plates $3; received 8 first prizes;
no students: guarantee 12 years.
SET of teeth. $5; fillings, gold. $1 up; sliver. 250
up: bridge work: plates repaired: all work
painless and warranted ten years. New York
Dentists, 969 Mission St., corner Sixth.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors: full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings, Me up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market St.. corner Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth.
$4; filling, gold, 60c; silver. 25c; crowns, $3.
THE Esmond dental parlors, 43 Crown and
bridge work specialists; crowns $3; est. 15 yrs.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. PR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
LOST.
LOST. In Oberon Cafe, Dee. 14— Field glass,
with full name and address on same. If re-
turned this morning to JACKSON, Co. E.
First N. Y. V.. finder will be rewarded.
WHITE cow! brown spots on shoulder: left
horn broken. Reward at Seven-Mile House,
San Pablo road. Contra Costa County.
$10 RETURN black greyhound bitch; white
feet and breast; name Nettle; no questions.
GEO. FLETCHER, Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
$100,000 TO loan on safes and articles of every
description at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant
aye., near Market st. v>. : >.
FROM 20 Howard Court. Sunday morning, a
canary bird. Liberal reward If returned.
SCOTCH collie puppy; name Dewev: license
No. 1531; suitable reward at 1150 Fulton.
FROM 20 Howard Court, Sunday morning, two
canary birds. Liberal reward If returned.
LOST— A bunch of keys somewhere in the
vicinity of Howard. Mission and Beale.
Please return to 37 Moss street and be suit-
ably rewarded.
$25 REWARD— Strayed from my home at Fair
Oaks Sunday night one Great Dana dog; 1%
years old; tiger marked. A. ROY HARRI-
SON. ■ . -.
FOUND. ~
FOUND— Dec. 11; brown hunting dog at San
Bruno' marsh. Owner will plea* call at 144
First street. ________/
HORSES. : ..-.•..■...
«0 HORSES of ever." description at Emporium
Salesyards, 220 Valencia St., bet. Thirteenth
and Fourteenth: also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc., at your own price. • : . ■
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggtra.
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 827 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers. *
LOST— By employing true gentlemen at UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye., near Market st., the
surety is given that the most sensitive lady
will receive the kindest treatment; private
entrance and private rooms. ______£i_iii
PASTURAGE.
PASTURAGE for horses or other stock at
Tomalfs. Marln County. Apply to J. W.
KEYS. Tomales. ;
~ ~ SEWING MACHINES. ~
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, ' sold, .- exchanged, rented;
repairing at : lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
PHYSICIANS.
REMOVAL Notice— C. C. O'Donnell, office
and residence, 1021% Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
$500 WILL buy :10 acres of rich farm vege-
table land at Antelope station, Sacramento
County; but you don't have to pay for it until
the end of 5 years, but can pay $20 per year
. lease for the first five years; this Is the
chance of a lifetime.
McEWEN .BROS., 113 Montgomery St.,
■■ -■- r San Francisco. Cal.
A SNAP— 22OO acres, mostly all level grain
and fruit land; 4 miles from boat landing,
county seat and railroad: will exchange for
city property or sell for $20,000. Apply A. M.
SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
1 PRIVATE room for gents and two for ladles,
where those who wish to borrow money on
watches and Jewelry are waited on, at UN-
CLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye., nr. Market st.
TO exchange; 40 acres placer mineral land;
well watered and timbered: good for agricul-
ture or gold. Box 10S3, Call office.
TO rent — acres of grain and meadow land,
Maria Co. A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
WHAT have you to exchange for 4 city lots,
email, Incumbrance, worth $2000? Box 514,
Call office.
PROPERTY WANTED. ~~
WANTED— buy or rent Improved farms;
send full description. SPECK & CO.. 602
Market st. _^
_ __^^ MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, room 408, Parrott building.
LOANS to salaried people; no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 1003*6 Broadway,
Oakland. Hours. 10 to 3.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE, 22 Mason St.. opp. Olymp'.a Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
I mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
second mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
• any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
NOTES discounted; loans negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker, 32S Montgomery.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$255 CASH; small monthly Installments as rent
till, paid for; a new, cozy cottage, 3 large
rooms; quite a little ranch; 6 fine lots; all
picket fenced: chicken houses and outhouses;
city water and fine well of spring water;
flowers and nice garden; a self-sustaining
home; price $1400; 3 electric car lines and flue
school house near by; Allendale settlement.
East Oakland; climate and soil the best; grand
view; no fogs nor cold winds here; 48 families
now own their homes; all within 2 years.
Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh St.. cor-
ner Broadway, Oakland; carriage free. H.
Z. JONES, owner.
A BEAUTIFUL Horne — of the neatest and
. best built homes in Oakland: new; Just com-
. pleted; must be Bold immediately; 2-story. 7
rooms and. bath; 5 large closets and pantry;
plumbing nickel-plated: roll-rim bath tub:
cement steps and walk; gas fixtures and
shades in house; only 6 minutes' walk from
broad gauge station; large lot; price $3SOO
complete: -terms to nult; call at once and be
shown the house. Lake Shore Land Co., 1070
Broadway, Oakland. •
£L M UU RST REAL ESTATE.
I HAVE a few special bargains In small acre*
age tracts; look them up at once, It will
pay you. c
4 acres highly Improved.
V 6 acres highly Improved.
* 1 acre highly improved.
• A few 1, 2 and 3 acre lots, unimproved,
choice land, well located, all within 5 min-
utes" walk of electric cars- take electric cars
to Elmhurst and see PITTOCK, real estate,
opposite powerhouse. Elmhurst.
OAKLAND HOUSES^
EQUITY of $2000 in Oakland house and lot: ex-
change for small improved mountain ranch
Box 1859. Call office.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BROADWAY, Unfurnished housekeeping
rooms, carpets; reasonable to responsible par-
tleg. : ' ,
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— <3ood «nd rh»«n H SCHELI*.
HAAfl' rid »tor»». <M Rt*TTtt'« it *•« -.• -
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
HOUSES built to order at your own prices and
on your own terms; call and see plans. J. H.
YOUNG. Builder, 1243 Park st.
BERHE^V REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— Fine place in the center of Berke-
ley for chicken ranch, milk ranch or home;
six acres; house, barn, outhouses, windmill
and all improvements: price $7000. .
D. J. TOBIN, Real Estate Agent,
• 2121 Stanford place.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented, few partly
used for sale cheap; send fcr samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. no Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, $25; Caligraph. $15; Yost, $257
get sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery st.
TO LEASE.
FURNISHED hotel In Benlcla! sTmTnutes*
walk to Baker & Hamilton's Agricultural
Works. Apply American Hotel. Benlcla. Cal.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Edward Abraham and Emma Abraham 42-42
C. J. Wolf rum and Anna Koboldt 25-24
Thomas A. Scott and Pauline A. Wldney.. 3l-18
Edward Inker and Josephine Stevens 30-30
H. Buddenbaum and Minna Koschnltzkl.. s9-53
Lewis T. Olsen and Kate O'Connor 24-22
Jens Jensen and Marie Hanse» •. 28-23
Walter A. Pennell and Lenore C. Galcido.2S-22
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHST"
Birth, marriage and death notices cent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per*
sons authorized to have the same published .
BORN.
JOHANSEN— In this city. December 14. 1898, to
the wife of Danell Johansen, a daughter.
KELLY— In this city, November 80. 1898, to the
wife of William H. Kelly, a 'son.
VARNEY— In this city, December 9, IS9B. to the
wife of George H. .Varney, a daughter.*
QUINNINE— In Gllroy, December 14, 1898, to
the wife of ..Thomas J. Quinnine, a son.
DIED. ~~
. Anderson. Pearl A. Hansen, Emma
Barnes. Mrs. E. Harrington, Hannah
Brldger. Alfred Hlrd, Ellen J.
Carberry, Aaron . Lathrop, Rev. 11. D.
Clifford, Martha J. LowAthal. Louis
Coats. William Lyon, Olive M.
: Craig, George V. McGinn;*. James C.
, Crofts, John J. Mathena, R. W.
Doyle, Murtha >E. : Metzler, Frank
' Dunn, Edith F. Morgan, ; Joseph A.
Kckart, John D. Ouimette. L. Hercule
■ Edgar, Ann J. Owens, . Elizabeth
Farrell. Anthony Phlluon. Dr. C. F.
.; Fish, Anna ll.' Schaerer, Charlotte
Fitzgerald, Mary Sellnger, Louise
Geary, Mollle F. •; Shea, Mrs: Catherine
i Grunwald, Clarence' Wiley, Lavinia
ANDERSON— In this city. December 14. 1898,
Pearl Amanda, beloved daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. C. A. Anderson, a native. of San Fran-
cisco, aged 6' months and 5 days. .
BARNES— Oakland. December 13. ISPS. Mrs.
Elizabeth, beloved wife of George R. Barnes,
aged 70 years and 9 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
■ dence, 1456 Castro street. Interment private.
• Please omit flowers:
BRIDGER— In the City and County Hospital,
. December 14, 1898, Alfred Bridger, a native
of England, aged 77 years.
CARBERRY— In Shasta County, December 12,
i. 1898, Aaron, beloved husband of Julia A. Car-
• berry, and father of Mrs. S. A. McCullough
Mrs. Hattie L. ■ Chaloner and • Eugene and
John Carberry, a native of - Ohio, . aged 73
years 3 months and 14 days. (Sacramento
! papers please copy.)
CLIFFORD— this city, i December 12. 1898,
Martha Jane, widow of the late Hiram Clif-
■ ford, and beloved mother of Hersey A. and U.
S. G. Clifford and Mrs. ■ George L. Perham, | a
native ;of . Gorham. > Me., \ aged 72 . years ' 4
months and 21 days. (Portland, Me., papers
please copy.) . _
O^TFrlends and acquaintances are reepect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thla day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the Central
M. E. Church, Mission street, between Sixth
and Seventh. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
COATS— In UII3 city. December 14. IS9B. Wil-
liam Coats, a native of Philadelphia, Pa.,
aped 68 years.
CRAIG— In this city. December 13. IS!)', George
V.. beloved husband of Elizabeth Craig, and
father of Louise and Henry Craig. B native
of Liverpool, England, aged 58 years and •
months.
CROFTS— Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully requested to attend an anniversary
high mass for the repose of tnr soul of the
late John James Crofts this day (Thurs-
day), at 9 o'clock, at St. Dominic's Church,
corner Bush and Stelner street*.
DOYLE— In Menlo Park. December 13, IS9S,
Murtha E., beloved son of James R. and Cath-
erine Doiye, and brother of Mrs. James
Flynn and William. Annie. Farm!» and James
Doyle, a native of San Mateo, ai;od 24 years.
[iS Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, Menlo Park. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. Menlo Park.
DUNN— In this city, December 13, IS9S. Edith
F., beloved daughter of lAwrence and Julia
Dunn, and Flster of Mrs. E. Pknhan. Mrs. O.
Gothings and Nonie. Grace. Julia and Law-
renco J. Dunn, a native of San Fancisoo,
aged 17 years.
(tyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at S:3O o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 1423 Valencia street, thence
to St. James Church, corner of Twenty-
thinl and Guerrero streets, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated tor the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriages.
ECKART— In this city. December 13. Mt, John
D.. dearly beloved son of John nn.l Elizabeth
Eokart, and brother of the lute P. A. Eck-
art. Mrs. James McDonnell and Mrs. A. N.
Roberts, a native of Virginia City, aged 28
years and 9 months. (Amador County papers
please copy.)
[tr~Remains at the parlon of the Gantner
& Ountz Undertaking Company, 8 and 10 City
Hall square.
EDGAR— In Berkeley, December 13. l^S. Ann
Jane, beloved wife of Archibald Edgar, and
mother of Robert. William, Arthur and Sam-
uel Edgar and Mrs. John Stutt. a native of
County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 65 years and 7
months.
CT'Friemls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atten.l the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clo< Ie, from the residence-
of Mr. John Stutt. northeast corner of Kear-
ney and Aetna streets. Berkeley. Interment
Mountain View CemeteJT.
FARRELL— In the City and County Hospital,
D ember 14, 1808, Anthony Farrell. a native
of Vermont, aged '7o years.
FISH— In Ersßston, 111., December 13. WS.
Anna Hinsdale, wife of Rev. Edward H.
Fish, a native of New York, aged K9 years
3 months and 22 days.
FITZGERALD— in this city. December 13. IWB.
Mary Fitzpcrald, a native of County Kerry,
Ireland, aged 67 years.
E?" Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street.
GEARY— In this city. December 1?., l«0«. T.iolll©
Frances, beloved daughter of the late John
and Margaret Geary, and beloved sister of
Thumas J., Honry J.. Daniel W. and Annie
A. Brtdgewood. a native of San Francisco,
tn? Friends and acquaintances are respert-
fuily invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• (Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, Hotel Fairmount, corner Market and
Fell streets, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where Mrvicas will be held for the repoM of
her soul, commencing at 11 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GRTNWALD— In this city, December 14, IS9B,
Clarence Richard, be'.aved son Of George and
Llllle Grunwald. a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 months and S days.
(CTFriends and nrquniritaners are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, fn m U Miles court,
off California street, near I'owell. Interment
I. < >. O. F. Cemetery.
HANSEN— In this city. December 14, l<i n 'S.
Emma, dearly beloved wife of John Hansen,
and mother of Frank and Clara Hansen. a
native of Wisconsin, aeed 32 years and 10
months.
HARRINGTON— In this city. December 13. IS9B,
Hannah, beloved wife of the late John J.
Harrington, and mother of Mrs. James H.
Stevens. Mrs. S. H. Kepney. Eha. Will and
George Harrington and the late Mrs, F.
Keycs and Frank and Joseph Harrington, a
native of County Kerry, Ireland, aged 54
years and 7 months.
[C". T FriPnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
rp?id<>nee. 310 Valencia street, between Four-
teenth and Fifteenth, thence to Mission Do-
lores Church for services. Interment Holy
Crof»F Cemetery.
HIRD— In this "city, entered into rest at her
residence, ISOBH Stein^r street, December 14,
MB, Ellen J.. beloved mother of William R.,
John W. and Ben Hird.
%y Notice of funeral hereafter.
LATHROP— A memorial service for the lat»
Rev. Henry D. Lathrop will be held at the
Church of the Advent. Eleventh street, San
Francisco, to-morrow (Friday), at 11 o'clock.
The Bishop of California will he the cele-
brant; the Rev. E. J. Lion the preacher.
LOWENTHAL— In this city, December 13. 1898,
at the Pacific Hebrew Home, Louis Lowen-
thal, a native of Germany, aged 73 years.
(EJ'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by the 11:30
o'clock train via Third and Townsend streets.
LYON— In this city, December 14. ISSS, Olive
Myrthle, dearly beloved daughter of Horace
and Ella Lyon, sister of Ivy Lyon, and grand-
daughter of Mrs. Ellen Foley, a native of
Pan Francisco, aged 7 years 6 months and 7
days^
(C?* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 654 Jessie streot, between Seventh
and Eighth. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
McGINNIS— In this city, December 13. 1898.
James C. McGlnnis (retired Police Officer),
beloved husband of the late Catherine Mc-
Glnnis. and father of Mrs. A. C Beede and
the late James S. McGlnnis, a native of Ire-
land.
|T7"Frlend!< and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend thi? funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 118 A Noe I reet, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a requiem mas»
will be celebrated for the repose of hla soul.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MATHENA— In Glen Ebon. Ohio, December 14.
IS9R. R. W. Mathena. brother of Rev. E. G.
Mathena, D.D., pastor of Olivet Church, San
Francisco.
METZLER— Tn this city, December 13, 1898,
Frank, beloved husband of Gertrude Metzler.
and father of Charles, Oscar and Emil Heta*
ler, Mrs. R. Lawrence. Mrs. Matt Pittlick.
Mrs. Gus Miersch. Mrs. Emll Nuenfeld and
Mrs. Gus Foff. a native of Germany, aged 73
years 3 months and 12 days.
(TyFrlcnds and acquaintance nr<» respect-
fully Invited to Bttend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from his late residence,
692 Natoma street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
MORGAN— In this city. December 14, IS9B. Jo-
seph A., beloved husband of Rebecca Mor-
gan, and father of Mrs. Laura H. Wells, Mrs.
Anna L. Bale and William H. Mnrenn, a na-
tive of New York City, aged 91 years. (New
York City papers please copy.)
CT7FriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from his laic residencf.
373U Seventeenth street, between San^-lies and
Church. Interment private.
OUIMETTE— In this city, December 14. IS9B.
L. Hercule Ouimette, a native of Canada,
ogfd 4S years.
OWENS— In this city, December 13, IS9B. Ellia-
brth. beloved wife of the late Richard B.
Owens, and mother of Mrs. E. C. Long. Mrs.
Captain J. T. Jones. Mrs. M. W. Potter and
Miles G. and Richard B. Owens, a native of
Wnles. aged 71 years and 10 months.
C^*Funeral private this day (Thursday),
at 10 o'clock, from her late residence. 3833
Twenty-first street. Interment private.
PHILSON— In this city. December 14. 189S, Dr.
C. F.. batoved husband of Mary J. Philson.
late of Maxwell, Colusa County. Cal., a na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 64 years 4 months
and Id ilays.
itT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tomorrow
(Friday), ut 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Brendan's
Church for services. Interment Holy Crosa
Cemetery.
SCnAEFER— In this city. December 13. 1898.
Charlotte (midwife), beloved wife of the late
John Schaefer, and mother of the late Hehry
and Peter Schaefer. a native of Germany,
aged 80 years and 8 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 720 Union street, thence to German
Church. Mason street, between Jackson and
Pacific streets. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
SAN FRANCISCO FRAUEN VEREIN— The
officers and funeral committee are hereby in-
vited to assemble to-morrow (Friday), at 12
o'clock, at their meeting rooms, Druids' Hall,
413 Sutter street, to attend the funeral of our
late member, Mrs. Charlotte Schaefer.
MRS. ANNA HORSTMAN.«. Pres.
MRS. ANNA MAAS. Sec.
SELINGER— In this city, December 13. 1891
Louise, wife of Ralmon Sellnger, a native of
Germany, aged 34 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter. Remain
at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mis-
sion street, near Eighth.
SHEA— this city. December 14. ON, Mrs.
Catherine, wife of the late John Shea, and
mother of Joseph. John. William and James
Shea, Mrs. K. Kelly and Mrs. J. Stenson, a
. native of County Cork. Ireland, aged 61 years.
WILEY— this city, December 12. 1898. La-
vlnla Wiley, beloved mother of Mrs. W. H.
Knickerbocker, Mrs. J. S. Mar-hall and the
late Kate Shearer and Susie Beedy. a native
of Canada, aged 77 years 11 months and 13
days. ■
(fT 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
i (ThuSeday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan ft Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALrEHX
10 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School. ~
Telephone South 80.
1112
TRY TO SHOW
EVIDENCE OF
AN ASSAULT
Mrs. Mentel's Defense
Is Outlined.
BRUISES ON HER LEFT ARM
CASE AGAINST HER IS LACK
ING IN STRENGTH.
Prosecution Fails to Develop Any
Convincing Proof of Premedi
tated Murder— Will Close
Friday.
The preliminary examination of Mrs.
Anna Mentel was continued before Jus
tiro of the Peace Morris in Alameda yes
terday morning, and the last but one of
the v. ■ ■ t the prosecution heard.
The remaining witness, John M. Dickson
of 1% Powell Btreet, Kan Francisco, tailed
to put In an appearance, and when court
adjourn. d at 3:40 p. m. the Jud
an order for him to appear at 10 o'clock
Friday morning. So far the prosecution
has not developed the strength it was
credited with, and th< District Attorney
apparently did not try to draw out his
witnesses, which, of course, was very
ng to the defense.
On« ■ nse was on the
Dr. W. fc>. Porter, the
physician at the R> reiving Hospital in
nd, testified that he examined Mrs.
Mentel the morning after the shooting
and found black and blue marks on her
left arm and an abrasion of the left
■-. The latter injury may have been
caused by a blow or a fall, and was ex
nsitive to the touch. He did
: any marks on her body.
ant John Conrad of the Alamede.
Police Department testified that when be
arrived on the scene of the murder a few
minutes afu-r the shooting Mentel lay
Stretched upon the sidewalk, with his
riKht hand partly in his trousers pookt-t,
tl.e larger knuckles being in plain view.
Other witnesses had testified that the
hand was buried out of sight in the
pocket, and this has been reg-arded as
proof that Mentel had been stricken down
before he had time to defend hims.li",
and that therefore he could not have been
in the act of assaulting his wife when he
was killed. Hut the feature of Conrad's
testimony was the ivport of the conversa
tion he bad with Mrs. Mentel as she was
being conveyed to Oakland after her ar
r. .-t.
"I asked her," he said, "why she shot
her husband, and she answered:
'if you were a woman and a man
Btruck and knocked you down and threat
to choke you, wouldn't you shoot
him." "
The defense claims that this reply
given before the woman had an opportu
nity to concoct a story and while she was
Btill laboring under the nervous strain
caused by the tragic event Immediately
preceding, goes far to prove that she
had i ilted. Conrad also testi
fied that, in response to further questions
as to what her husband said or did to
cause the shooting, she said -t was "too
horrible to mention."
Detective Herbert of Oakland also tes
tified that he asked about the cause of
th.- shooting. Sne said her husband could
tell him all about it. She thought at the
time Mantel was alive.
Drs. Lubeck and Keyes of Alameda,
■who attended the woman and performed
the autopsy on the body of the deceased,
•■I similar answers from her. The
physicians also d< scribed Mantel's
wounds. The fatal bullet entered near the
left temple and came out about two inches
above the ear on the right Bide of the
head. The other bullet entered the left
breast near the breastbone and ranging
Upward passed out near the point of the
left shoulder, causing merely a flesh
wound. The skull was fractured in four
or five places, evidently caused l>y a fall
after the man was shot. The physicians
elso said there were powder marks on me
head and body, indicating that the shots
had been tired at close range.
Defendant's attorney endeavored to show
in the course of his cn.ss-examina
tlon of witnesses who handled the corpse
that th^ body had been dropped while De
ing put into the Morgue wagon, but Dep
uty coroner Fowler and those -who
; ted him were positive that nothing
Of the kind occurred.
Among other witnesses examined were
F. M. Looney, William Helmken, W. L.
Smith and J. N. Ans« 1. the latter a
brother-in-law of the deceased, but their
testimony was unimportant, except as
corroborating that of witnesses who had
]'!• c< ded them in regard to seeing the dy
ing man lying on the sidewalk. The case
•will be continued Friday at 10 a. m.
It is the intention of the attorneys for
the defense to ask to have the prisoner
admitted to bail when the court convenes
Friday. If this is refused a writ of ha
1 • corpus will be applied for and tho
question argued in the Superior Court.
New Beet-Sugar Factory.
i Harence A. Granger, general superin
tendent of construction and operation of
the new beet sugar factory at La Grande,
Oregon, is in this city for a brief visit.
The factory was built last summer by
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AND
FALLING HAIR
The purest, sweetest, and most effectird
treatment is warm shampoos with
(uiicuia
followed by light dressi ugs with Cuttcura,
purest of eniolli ent skin cures. This treat-
ment will clear the scalp and hair of
crusts, Bf ales, and dandruff, allay itching,
Boothe irritation, heal eruptions, destroy
microscopic insects which feed on th»
hair, stimulate the hair follicles and sup-
ply the roots with nourishment and en-
ergy, thus producing a clean, wholesome
scalp, with luxuriant, lustrous hair.
Bad Scalp Humor Cured
I had a bad scalp humor, and thought 1
would go frantic with itching I lost consid-
erable of my hair (of which I had an abun
dance, and was very proud;. I tried several
remedies but they all proved a failure I tried
CtrncDßA Soap, found relief immediately,
and that itchiug ia completely gone.
Mm. M. JUDAN.
Feb. 20, 1898. 246 Hall i day St., Jersey City.
Falling Hair Restored
I was troubled with dandruff so that it made
my hair fall out so bad I got discouraged I
purchased a box of Ccticira and
a cake of Ccticcba Soap The former I
rubbed well Into the scalp twice a week, and
then shampooed with warm water and a good
lather of Cdtichra Soap once a week. I
am pleased to say that my hair is growing
out thick once more, and free from dandruff.
Miss ADA JA\F.S.
Feb 20. '98. 82 Webster Are., Chelsea. Mass.
BoW throwhoi* the world. PorrM D«ro axdChm.
"Witnesses at tlie 3VEerLtel ZELearirLg
capitalists Interested in a similar enter
prise in Lemht. Utah. It has a capacity of
400 tons per day, and the farmers in the
vicinity of I>a Grande have pledged bo.ooo
acres of beets yearly. This season they
received $4 43 per ton for beets, based on
the percentage of sugar contained.
WALTER ROSSER'S TRIAL.
The Slayer of Henry Hildebrand Does
Not Remember the Tragedy.
The trial of Walter Rosser, the youth
ful soldier who killed Henry Hildebrand
on September 13, will probably conclude
to-day. When the case was again taken
up yesterday morning Rosser was called
to the witness chair. He told in substance
the same story as upon the former trial.
He said that after he left the Pine street
dive he remembered nothing of his actions
and of the tragedy he had not the slight
est recollection. He did not recover from
the effects (if some poison he believed was
administered to him until the next day.
After the prisoner left the stand sewrai
witnesses corroborated his story, and then
witnesses were called by the prosecution
in rebuttal.
Louis Levy, a newspaper man who in
THE RAIN CAME
JUST IN TIME
The Hearts of the Farmer, the Stock
man and the Storekeeper Are
Made Glad.
WEATHER FORECASTER HAMMON when seen yesterday said
that the rain which began to fall on Tuesday night has been
doing its duly. It has covered the entire State of California,
from Point Conception and north of Tehachapi, where upward
of half an inch has fallen.
"I am afraid," said Mr. Hammon, "that it will soon stop, al
though the storm may return to us with redoubled vigor. It has
rained nicely and evenly over the largest portion of the State. The
Sacramento Valley has had a little less than an inch, about three
quarters fell at the lower end of the San Joaquin and Stockton and
half an inch at San Luis Obispo. There has been a trace of rain at
Los Angeles, and the storm, which had Its source in the west of Ore
gon, is slowly moving to the southward.
"The rain has been of considerable benefit, especially to
stock. The shower has averaged about half an inch. It will start
the grass growing and this will come at what I might call a critical
point. When the last frost made its appearance it is a fact that the
stock all over the State did not have the strength to withstand it, and
at least 10 per cent perished. A stock raiser in Monterey County,
whose cattle were suffering, contracted for twenty cars to ship
them to Nevada, but the present rain may have the effect of keeping
his stock here.
"The wheat growers are also jubilant, but before good crops can
be insured there must be considerably more rain. I consider the
present visitation only as a 'good sample.' There is no conclusive
indexations that we will have more rain in the next twenty-four hours,
but if the storm off Oregon is strong enough it will probably send us an
other secondary storm like the first and we may expect rain again
on Friday morning. The only bad feature that I can see now is that
the wind is northeast, but if it veers around to the south, and there
Is no reason why it should not, we will have abundant rains. It is
clear at Red Bluff and Eureka to-night and the storm is drawing off
the coast to the west. Thursday night or Friday morning will most
probably see a return of the welcome visitation."
From all parts of the State come jubilant reports and the farm
ers, orchardists and vineyardists are happy and hopeful, while the
stockmen are open in expressing iheir intense satisfaction. San
Jose, San Diego, Sacramento, Fresno and Los Angeles have been
cheered by the downpour. The fall in Los Angeles has been com
paratively light, but .10 of an inch, although it was still raining
there last night. The local health authorities are also delighted,
for the rain has flushed many blocked sewers and has cleared the
atmosphere of the irritating particles which are held responsible for
the throat, nasal and pulmonary troubles with which Callfornians, as
a rule, are afflicted. Even the merchants are glad, for the prospect
for a dry winter made the outlook for holiday sales very black.
Purse strings will now be loosened and the interior merchants espe
cially will reap the benefits of the welcome rains. This means good
business all around and California's prosperity for the coming year is
assured.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THTJKSJJAI, DECEMBER 15, 1898.
terviewrKl Rosser on the night of the kill
ing, testified that Hildebrand's slayer was
apparently dazed as well as intoxicated
shortly after the tragedy. Levy's testi
mony "to the effect that the prisoner was
dazed pleased the defense, while his
statement that he was also apparently
Intoxicated strengthened the contention
of the prosecution, so both forces were
pleased, pevy's testimony was corrobo
rated by several other witnesses, and the
case went over till this morning.
The famous old JESSE MOORK WHISKY Is
recommended by phyßlclana for family and
medicinal use because it Is pure.
Turned on the Gas.
Owen O'Neill, a rancher from Chlco,
had a narrow escape from death in his
room in Hackmeier's Hotel. Eddy street.
When he retired Tuesday night he turned
off the gas. but accidentally turned it on
again. He was discovered yesterday
morning in an unconscious condition, and
i Drs. Calvin and Baldwin were callpd
in. The ambulance was also sum
moned, but It was decided not to remove
him. He will probably recover.
No one will use a fountain pen after try
ing a "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil. •
FAIR NATIVES
WILL HAVE A
NEW HOME
Pleasant Place Where
They Can Go.
DEDICATION NEXT MONTH
IT IS A SMALL BEGINNING,
BUT IT WILL GROW.
Hopes and Plans of the Order
Explained by One of
the Prominent
Officers.
For many months a number of the
members of the order of Native Daugh
ters of the Golden West have worked on
the lines of establishing a home for the
members of the organization in which
such as desire may. when away from
their own homes, have a place to go
where thoy will find "all the comforts of
home" in the fullest sense of the phrase.
In the carrying out of this Idea the
Board of Relief of the Grand Parlor ap
pointed a committee of five, said com
mittee to have full power to plan for the
project in the manner they deemed best, of
which the following named ladies are the
officers and directors: Mrs. Tiny O'Kane,
the senior past grand president, who by
reason of the fact that she was the first
president of the Grand Parlor was given
the post of honor, that of president; Miss
Mac B. "Wilkins, past grand president,
vice president; Miss Clara K. Witten
nieyer, past grand president, secretary;
and Mrs. Carrie R. Durham, past grand
president, treasurer. Mrs. W. S. Leake
of Califa Parlor, Mrs. 11. M. Green of
Buena Vista Parlor, Mrs. J. A. Stein^ach
of Alta Parlor, Miss Minnie Coulter of
Santa Rosa Parlor and Miss Mollie B.
Johnson of Califa Panor, directors.
That step having been taken, the
ladles named occupied themselves In the
matter of Interesting the parlors, not
dnly of this city but of the entire State,
and by personal visits to such parlors as
they could reach, and by correspondence,
they laid their proposition before the
membership. Their labors were rewarded
by assurance of assistance. Buena Vista
Parlor voted $50 from its treasury to aid
the cause along, and a day or \wo after
Alta Parlor contributed $100, the Oro Fino
Parlor gave $50, the parlor at Buena \ en
tura gave $15 and Marguerite Parlor do
nated $10 and Forrest $20. Subsequently
Buena Vista added to its donation in the
shape of an offer to Tit up one room in a
building to be selected as a hospita .
Then there came offers of assistance
from a great number of the parlors, con
ditional to this extent: "If you have your
home in operation by the Ist of January,
lsy.t and there is a prospect that it will be
a success, then we will assist you in your
project " This was so encouraging that
the energetic officers held a meeting on
the 10th of September and appointed Mes
dames Leake, Green and Steinbach and
Misses Wittenmeyer and Wilkins a com
mittee to secure suitable quarters in
which to establish the home. After a
protracted search, house hunting on a
grand scale, the committee decided to take
a ten-room house at 925 O'Farrell street,
between Polk street and Van Ness avenue,
a pleasant, quiet neighborhood. This was
not however, until the latter part of Oc
tober. Then came a difficult task, the
renovation of the premises. The landlord
kindly offered to put It in good order, and
now the house is a very neat and comfort
able one, and while it is not very large,
it is sufficient for the time being.
After the painters, the kalsominers and
other artisans had vacated, Mrs. D. T.
Wilkins the mother of the vice president,
was appointed matron with instruction to
take charge of the place and see that it
was put in proper condition for the re
ception of guests. There came in the
first place, in the nature of a most pleas
ant surprise, a donation by Mrs. Leake of
carpets and furniture— almost enough to
furnish five rooms. This lady has taken
an unusual interest in this matter and
has done and is still doing much to makes
the home the grand success that it is, iv
time, bound to be. Buena Vista Parlor
also gave furnishing for a hall bedroom
on the upper floor, with the understand
ing that Jn case of need it shall be used
for hospital purposes. The other room
which is to be the hospital proper will
be furnished by that parlor in a few days.
Mrs. Wilkins added to the contribution of
furniture and at this time the ten rooms
are very neatly and comfortably fur
nished. There is on the half basement
floor a dining room, kitchen, pantry and
servants' room. On the first floor there
is a pretty, well-lighted double parlor and
matron's "room, while on the upper floor
are four bedrooms, one of which will be
the hospital, and a bathroom. There are,
of course, a number of things necessary
to adnrn the walls, in the line of pictures
and fancy articles that go to make up the
furnishing of a house complete, but there
is hope within the breasts of the directors
and officers that a number of liberally dis
posed Native Daughters and Native Sons
will in the fullness of their hearts send
a number of such articles as Christmas
gifts to the home. The mother of the sec
retary contributed 100 glasses of jelly for
the dining room pantry.
"What we propose to do," said Miss
Wilkins, the vice president, "is to give
notice to all members of the order that
any member of a parlor in good stand
ing who desires may come to the home
and there find such accommodations as
they can find in their own home and that
at a small cost. Such will be able to ar
range with the matron, if so desired, to
take meals at the home or take them ;
wherever desired. Take, for instance, i
members of the order who come to this !
city alone and do not wish to be a bur
then on friends or acquaintainces or do
not desire to go to a hotel or lodging
house; such can come to the home and .
there will have all the privileges they i
would enjoy in their own home, i
The parlors will be at their dis
posal, and occasionally there will
be home gatherings for social entertain
ment. We feel much gratified at the en
couragement we have received and we
hope that the time is not far distant
when we shall have to seek larger quar
ters and we look forward to the time
when we can own our own home and \
have the pleasure of seeing the Native
Daughters' Home one of the most promi
nent institutions of the State. We expect
that we will receive contributions of ;
books in order to establish a library for
the use of those who shall stop with us,
be it for a short or a long period."
It is hoped that some of the wealthy
people of the city and State who are na
tives thereof but not members of the or
der will, when they understand the new
institution, contribute to its support.
The home will be dedicated on the 2d
of next January.
TO WALK SIX DAYS
FOR CHARITY'S SAKE
BIG CONTEST TO START IN THE
PAVILION TO-DAY.
The attendance at the charity bazaar
has been gradually but steadily increas
ing, and hast night, in spite of the threat
ening weather, the attendance was as
laige as any night since the opening.
The great six-day walking contest in
the gallery of the Pavilion will start at
1:30 o'clock this afternoon. There were
fifty entries, but C. W. Doyle, who is
booking special attractions, cut them
down to twenty, selecting only the best
men. A five-foot tan bark track has been
laid around the gallery, and refreshment
booths will be put at each end for the
benefit of the contestants. The track is
seven laps to the mile, and each contest
ant will be given the privilege of an
hour's rest any time he sees fit to drop
out. The race opens at 1:30 o'clock each
day and continues until 11:30, a total of
ten hours in twenty-four.
Music is now being furnished by bands
from the various Native Sons' parlors,
which have entered into the musical con
test.
RATES APPROVED.
Railroad commissioners Accept the
Valley Road's Vegetable Tariff.
The Railroad Commissioners held their
monthly meeting yesterday. The most
important thing done by the board was to
adopt the special fresh fruit and fresh
vegetables tariff No. 1 of the San Fran
cisco and San Joaquin Valley Railroad,
which was submitted by that road. This
new schedule of rates Is lower than that
for grain given by the Southern Pacific.
It is for all points between Bakersfleld
and San Francisco, and gives a rate of
20 cents on the hundred. Similar rates are
also given between Bakersfield and
Stockton.
The consideration of the right of the
board to investigate the affairs of the
Pullman Palace Car Company went over
until the next meeting, the board deeming
it best to await the advice of the Attor
ney General, who has the matter under
consideration.
The report of I. H. Polk, expert to the
board, who, pursuant to a resolution
passed by the board on April 22, has been
investigating the subject of the regulation
of the rates of charges for transportation
of freight and passengers on lines in its
•jurisdiction, was read and filed. The
Southern, Central and South Pacific Rail
way companies were the ones dealt with
in the report by Mr. Polk. After review
ing the case, which hns been pendlnp for
a long time before the board, Mr. Polk
says in conclusion:
•'I wish to say that in this railroad case
we have gradually accumulated and are
accumulating a mass of facts and figures
which, when properly analyzed and tabu
lated, will, in my opinion, prove of Incal
culable value not only to your honorable
board in the pending and future inquiries
into the methods of this great labyrinth
of corporations but also to all other
boards and officers of this State whose
duties bring them into contact with rail
road companies."
CAPTAIN DE LA MAR IS HERE.
Made Famous by the Divorce Granted
Him From His Wife.
Captain J. R. de La Mar and T. M.
Clement are registered at the Palace. The
former is tho owner of many profitable
mines and is well known here, while his
companion is also a man of mining fame.
They are en route to Mexico to look after
some of their mining interests, and are
accompanied by Guy Anderson, an assay
er of Salt Lake.
Captain de La Mar is prominent the
world over not only on account of his
wealth but because, of the recent divorce
proceedings that he instituted in Paris
against his wife. She was a poor girl of
Parkersburg, W. Va., when he married
her and was said to have been, in the
language of the Parisian critics, a god
dess of divine beauty and grace. He took
her to Europe, where her beauty and
form attracted much attention. They vis
ited Egypt, and it is said that Mrs. de
La Mar was the recipient of marked at
tention from the Khedive.
This was the beginning of the end, and
Captain de La Mar instituted divorce pro
ceedings. It is said that he found in his
wife's possession letters from the Khe
dive of a compromising nature. He was
granted a divorce. This was five years
ago, and those who know the captain say
that he will never again take unto him
self a wife.
Mr. Clement, who is the general man
ager of Captain de La Mar's mines, be
came famous throuph his connection with
John Hays Hammond, with whom he
was associated in the Jamison raid in
South Africa. He was captured by the
forces of Oom Paul and only escaped
with his life through the interference of
the British Government.
The
Regina
Music Box
is made in America.
It also has many other features to com-
mend it. Has interchangeable steel
tune sheets, being records of nearly
every piece of music written, thus
furnishing thousands of tunes. The
mechanism is simplicity itself; strongly
made, lasts years and years. It is an
admirable Christmas gift.
Prices, $7 to $300.
Come in and hear it.
SHERMAN, CLAY & COS
Piano and Music House
Kearny and Sutter Sts. San Francisco
Write for catalogue.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
mm p mAI . v Santa C/aus sees children with parents and gives
lllCll.lUry cand rom 2 to 11 in the morning and from 7 to 9
ITiarkS in the evening:
ask Hole's is open every evening to Xmas :
your child our glove orders can be sent to lady or gentle-
l-rtaciaus, man, exchanged in any of our seven stores, for
care Haie's. ' gloves or anything before or after Xmas
■
tthis is the most falked'Of personage
« p\%* in the United States to day : and in
J^^H^S the homes of thousands in this State
C J h "Ha and S^nta Chus" for do Is.
JN: ¥%£/yj J toys and games, means all that
gSß&j '■'**' *^ ■"'' mas can give: it's a happy face
J||^ smiling in a happy store at a happy
\SK(i(te^iF X time on child and mother alike.
toys: reduction in millinery:
a wooden wheelbarrow, 21 Inches we've made an end-of-the-season
long, 7 Inches high, strongly 1 r|r» slash in millinery prices; we say
made, painted red lUv "slash" instead of "cut" because
some* of the hats are reduced to
flying birds 2. 10 c half what they were originally
traction walking toys "5o marked; the "Winslow," a line
la 6T er .! d . handkerchief '' b;x ' esr " 5 I S^.«VSmß^ $.1.25.
7Ux4u'"" or° the "Camllle" and "Cyclone," both
silxs '"' £ stylish trimmed fedoras in leading
6 **° 35c shades, $2 25; new <£| OK
price €T>l«^O
lacquered glove boxes* the "Resolute," a gray fedora, old
1234 inches long l sc price * 2 25; new $1.25
m inches long 25 C ■the'''Tremont."Vngray'only, $1 75;
celluloid set, consisting of tray 10 x new rice SI. Of)
6^,4 inches, comb and «£O Ark «w
brush d>^.l/\J | the "Knox." in black <C| O«
only, $2 25; new price.. «P*»^CF
i I | . , all the popular shades, including
hinnk'Pl^ ' "Rough Rider," "Commodore" and
ISiaLiiVWl3 ■ "Niagara," all reduced to CA C
200 pair white all-wool blankets, new price " v
full size, 72x52 inches; pink, blue the "Corinne," a fine dress shape
and red borders; known far and (with frilled edges), in all new
wide as Haie's $4 50 blanket; new shades, formerly $1 25; new '7*>r*
price per pair S»^ Q*^ price i * t»w
tJ>O«i/t> short back sailor, satin bound,
French felt, in leading *7 C^r\
» . shades.. * tP**.
COmfOrterS I the "Seneca," the hat of the sea-
VVUIIVIIVIJI son> {or street weaXi style |»f= c
116 full-size comforters (we say full for little money \3%f\^
size twice because we want to im- the "Wabash," a shepherdess hat,
press it upon housewives), good in castor and other new £tOr»
sateen covered, cotton filled, . shades; new price UXJs*
stitched, Haie's $1 75 art iizf\ &j£
value; new price each.... €JJI»OVF » % . f
jacket sale .
|tjrS : the middlo-of-the-month jacket sale
which started yesterday was very
in our cloak, jacket, costume, waist successful; enough jackets will, we
and wrap department we show a trust, be left over to satisfy those
better and more complete line of who did not see how good value
furs than Haie's ever carried be- j could be had for $5, $7 50 and $10;
fore; dainty collarettes in one and I the cold weather caused one of
two fur effect; larger capes, boas the largest attendances we have
and fur trimmings for those who had in our cloak department this
trim their own garments; or we'll fall; the cold weather reduced
trim your jacket for you. prices.
Bale's and Santa Glaus, United,
937 to 947 Market Street.
"the store mother likes." ;
3-DAY SPECIALS!
Holiday Delicacies and Wines.
The needful little things that good j
cooks find absolutely essential about
this time of year we have in abundance.
The best of imported wines, liquors,
cordials, etc., as well as the purest
native productions always in stock.
Mince M?at,i°p n aSc B = - - 25c
Imperial brand.
. ■ The contents of a package
will make 2 large or 3 email pies.
Regular price, 10c a package.
Toilet Soap, £Xf e £.i». - ■ 25c
Oatmeal— Honey.
Regular price, 35c.
Nuts, Assorted. -" _ _ _ _ 17'
NUtS, pound ■-•••■ l^ a C
6 kinds— new crop.
Oranges, Dozen ------ 25c
Placer County Navel Orange». .
Regular price, 40c.
Sweet Wines, 35c 3 homes ■ $1.80
Sherry— Angelica-
Muscatel and Tokay.
California's good wholesome wine.
Regular price, 50c bot.
Claret, canon ------ 40c
"Well aged— full flavor.
Regular price. 75c.
Tom and Jerry, <&?£& $1.25
A food and stimulant combined.
Regular price, $1 50.
German Specialties:
Braunschweig-er^ Lebkuchen, Pressburger-
Lebkuchen, Baseler Mandel and Leckerle,
Nurnberger Honigkuchen, Thorner Honlg
and Mandelkuchen, Anise Biscuits, etc.
Cigars and Tobacco.
For the special delectation of the educated
smoker, we keep always in stock the finest
imported and domestic cigars and tobacco,
as well as all the smokers' accessories.
A Grand Display or Tree Decorations,
Bnbons end Perfumery.
...OPEN EVENINGS...
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. : ", Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. Telephone West 152.
you never saw such
beautiful
opera-glasses
as we have just
received!
Opticians kop k gencv .
642 Market St.
chronicle building-
WE employ no agents:
B CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIALE. I
I XMAS IS COMING.
I We store gifts to be delivered in seasonable \
t time. ,
1 'TWON'T GO IN THE STOCKING— \
M A ROCKING CHAIR— But it's a
Id Christmas present none the less accept-
£J able. Is it any too early to anticipate
H your holiday buying? Surely not.— l
Eg bargain can never be too ■ early. Buy
la now— pay with next year's pin money. ■
H SPECIAL SALE THIS WEEK OP i
H ROCKING CHAlRS— Kockers with the ;
tj made-to-fit feeling. 60 STYLES —
M PRICES START AT 91.25 ',
1 THE J. ~NOONAN \
I FURNITURE COMPANY, Inc.
| 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST. I
|| - Above Sixth.
R Phone South 14. Open Evenings.
THE WEEKLY CALL
cJ It Publish^ the Cream of the
i . New* or the Week and
3 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
cJ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
O< PAPER ON THB
~J PACIFIC COAST
fj The Best \ / Mining
°j Telegraphic \/ News; That
ck Service on /\ Is Accurate
c< The Coast / \&uptodato
c^ / \_
c/ Not a Line of it Sensational
o/ or Faky, and Not a Line of •
3 it Dry or Uninteresting.
CX Bright, Clean, A ChampoJ a!
) Thoughtful. Truth.
2 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
3 ALL THE TIME.
D IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
J HOME MAIL, $1.50
•2\ INDUSTRIES A YOU.
_4g*j!^*tk_ : Dr. Wong Him, Nos.
Hi and 11? U&son street,
KsjfST^BSI San Francisco. Cal. —
wt'-' is to certify that I havai
■ \?S?Sf 5 Kr f • been for several years
■ f» A /' ■ a Kreat sufferer from
9»'*Esi ) l'-rlghfs Disease ot tha
• Apffwr / Kidneys, a tumor in ' tha
-Jwjat- ,- left side and other dis-
jgvjg^mar'- gßfcy eases incidental to -f e-
■^S^ : u : >»<-»^*^tXrV, males : that I have for
r 4JJMSSv* weeks and months at a
time been totally unabi*
to attend to my domestic affairs, and much of
the time confined to the bed. Nothing could
be done for me that afforded more than temp.
rary relief. About three months ago I was ad-(V
vised to place myself under your treatment
On 'my first interview, after feeling my pulse*
you described my condition : more accurately
than I could have done myself. After ÜBinir
your medicine and following your advice since
that time I am very happy to say I have en-
tirely recovered my health; am fully able tn
fulfill all my duties as the mother of a lanr^
family of children: indeed, for the past 15 or 2a
years I have ; not R en jg*^ ™*™« althj
: October^ M Btreet ' SaQ FranClSC °- <*