VOLUME LXXXIII.— KG. 116.
WAR MAY BE DECLARED
WITHIN THE NEXT TEN DAYS
UNITED STATES CRUISER BROOKLYN, THE FLAGSHIP OF THE FLYING SQUADRON.
TORPEDO FLEET
A MENACE TO
THIS COUNTRY
Better Be^in the War by Destroy
ing It Than Give Spain the Ad
vantage of Its Presence,
NEW YORK, March 25.— The
Herald's Washington correspondent
telegraphs: In spite of the dec
larations of members of the Cab
inet and the officials of the State
Department that the departure of
the Spanish torpedo flotilla from
the Canary Islands cannot be con
sidered a menace to the United
States under the rules of interna
tional law, it is still so construed
by many officers and officials of
the Navy Department.
There is every reason, naval
officers believe, why the torpedo
flotilla should not be permitted to
reach Cuban waters, and the plan
was discussed at a conference to
day of having the flotilla inter
cepted by United States naval
vessels in the neighborhood of St
Thomas and either compelled to
turn back or surrender.
Such action, it is realized, would
be an act of war, but there are
officials in the Navy Department
who think that the United States
would better take the responsibil
ity of committing the first hostile
act than allow the Spaniards to ob
tain such a decided advantage as
they would have if the torpedo
flotilla should succeed in reaching
Havana.
According to authoritative in
formation received from Madrid to
day, naval officers there regard the
sailing of the fleet as a menace and
a threat to the United States, and
are exulting! y and openly talking
' of it as being a distinct advantage
gained over this country.
High officials of the Navy De
partment consider the coming of
this strong torpedo flotilla to
strengthen the Spanish naval
in Cuban waters as adding
so much to the gravity of the sit
uation that they held a special
conference to-day to discuss what
i action should be taken.
It is realized that if the torpedo
k boats once get into the harbor of
The San Francisco Call
PLAY FOR PEACE.
Copyright, IKOS, by James Gor-
don Bennett.
MADRID, Mar. 25.— 1n spite of
the absolutely pessimistic views
Jaken of the situation, I am in a
position to state that there is
yet a large margin of possibility
that war may be averted and a
settlement arrived at. Even yes
terday the Spanish Government
knew of the verdict of the Maine
Commission, and to-morrow will
know It officially. Its official re
ception will lead to a council at
which a proposition will be made
regarding the situation and a
scheme put forth for a peaceful
solution of the question. That
proposition may be startling and
unexpected, but it will voice the
sentiment of the extreme liber
als, including Sagasta and
Moret. Their views will either
dominate and secure peace, or
we may expect, without any
kind of a doubt, a ministerial
crisis. I have had a serious talk
with one of Spain's foremost and
most liberal men to-day, which
convinces me that unless the
United States absolutely insists
on war, Spain has in hand a
means of avoiding it.
Havana or some other Cuban har
bor the task of the United States
fleet in the event of war would be
made much harder. It will add
greatly to the danger of attempt
ing to take Havana if the swift
torpedo-boats are there to supple
ment the wo k of forts and the
larger Spanish vessels and make
sudden dashes upon first one and
then the other of the American at
tacking fleet. It will also make
the task of blockading Havana ex
ceedingly difficult if these vessels
are on hand ready to run out un
der cover of darkness and attack
the vessels of the blockading
squadron.
With Havana as a base of oper
ations, the torpedo flotilla might
even threaten the vessels of the
United States at Key West
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, MARCH 26, 1898.
ADMIRAL BERMEJO,
Spain's Minister of Marine, Who Is Now Considering the Cabled Report of the Spanish Board of
Inquiry Into the Cause of the Maine Explosion
(By the courtesy of J. Tauzy & Co., 6 Post street.)
SPANISH WILL
GET NO HELP
FROM EUROPE
Not One of the Powers Cares to
Earn the 111 Will of the
United States.
NEW YORK, March 25.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent tele
graphs: European mediation will not
be offered to the United States and ;
Spain with a view to securing an ad- j
justment of the differences existing j
between them. Even if it were con- j
templated, and the officials have no j
knowledge of such intention, they de- j
clare that, while the relations be
tween the Washington and Madrid |
Governments are very much strained, \
the trouble has not yet reached a j
point where the mediation of a third |
power is absolutely necessary for the J
maintenance of peace.
It is confidently believed that
Spain will oe unable to count upon
the assistance of a third power in
the event of hostilities. The Presi
dent has been using the authority
given him to purchase ships abroad
to put foreign Governments in a po
sition where, should they now sell to
Spain, they wu be guilty of an un
friendly act toward the United States.
All the available snips in the market
have been negotiated for by agents
of this Government, and as a result
the officials express the opinion that
the Madrid Government has now no
chance of acquiring formidable ves
sels.
Italy has been the only power be
sides Austria which has been re
garded with some suspicion, and the
fact that the Rome Government has
announced its willingness to sell
ships to this nation indicates clearly
that it has no intention of joining in
an offensive alliance against the
United States.
A diplomat of experience, close to
Continued on Second Page.
SPAIN WILL SEND
A HOSTILE ANSWER
TO THIS COUNTRY
Still President McKinley Is Working
Hard to Avoid an Outbreak
of Hostilities.
In the Face of the Maine Report and the Coming*
of the Spanish Torpedo Flotilla Congress
Shows Signs of Acting on Its
Own Responsibility.
NEW YORK, March 25.
The Herald's European Edi
tion publishes the following
from its correspondent: Mad
rid, Saturday — At a late
hour I find that the Spanish
reply to the United States
will not be anything like
what the sanguine optimists
expected, and the outlook
consequently is decidedly
serious.
NEW YORK, March 25— The Her-
aid's Washington correspondent tele
graphs: The situation here to-night is
more critical than it has been at any
time since the Spanish question reached
an acute stage. Even the most con
servative'believe that unless Spain re
cedes from her position hostilities may
break out within the next ten days. The
cry of the war party is now or never.
The Herald's Washington correspond
ent telegraphs: Taut as a bowstring is
the tension, and lights are burning late
in the White House. The Cabinet has
been twice in session considering the re
port of the Maine Court of Inquiry,
and at midnight the President is in con
ference with tried friends and confiden
tial advisers. The crisis over the de
struction of the battleship approaches,
and popular interest is at white heat.
How great is that interest is shown by
the crowds in Washington. The hotels
are jammed. The city has not had so
many visitors since the inauguration of
President McKinley. They are all at
tracted by the prospect of exciting times
in Congress when the President trans
mits to it the report of the Court of
Inquiry.
But just now all eyes are on the Pres
ident. The determination of the admin
istration not to be hurried into war in
opportunely, and for that matter not
to be hurried into war at all over the
destruction of the Maine, shows no
signs of being weakened. The Maine
crisis is not th. only crisis the President
has in mind. Back of the Maine he sees
Cuba. He is willing to go to war over
Cuba, if Spain will not permit the
United States to feed the suffering re
SPAIN AND AMERICA
HAVE REACHED THE
PARTING OF THE WAYS.
WASHINGTON, March 25.— The Court of Inquiry appointed to In
vestigate the cause of the Maine disaster has reported that the loss
of the battleship was due to an outside explosion. The State Depart
ment, hy direction of the President, has cabled United States Minister
Woodford, at Madrid, to notify the Spanish Government of this conclu
sion. The President and his Cabinet advisers held two extended ses
sions to-day, one at 10:30 a. m. and another at 3:30 p. m., at which the
report was considered in detail. Members of the Cabinet stated that af
ter the meeting the discussion was of a grave character, and that never
since the wrecking of the Maine has the situation seemed so critical.
The Spanish Government has cabled officially to Washington that
the Spanish Naval Commission holds the disaster to the Maine to be of
Internal origin. The Government of Spain, it can be stated positively,
Is not disposed to turn back the torpedo fleet now proceeding from the
Canaries, and would be disinclined to consider a suggestion from this
Government tending to interfere with the disposition by Spain of her
own naval forces.
War preparations on an unprecedented scale are being hurried to
completion by the War and Navy Departments, and the country prac
tically is on a war footing.
concentrados, but he is not willinc
to go to war over the Maine because
NEWS OF THE DAY.
"Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Probably fair on Saturday;
brisk to high northwest wind.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours.
San Francisco 48 degrees
Portland 44 degrees
Los Angeles 60 degrees
San Diego 58 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Spain's Reply Will Be Hostile.
Torpedo Flotilla a Menace.
Europe Will Not Help Spain.
SECOND PAGE.
Rushing Work at Mare Island-
Red Cross Officers Disagree
Holds Spain Responsible.
> War Paint for the Navy.
Seamen Wanted at Once.
» Spain Fortifying Porto Rico.
Expect to Arbitrate Troubles
v Mangrove Goes to Havana.
> To Blockade Cuban Ports.
> New Torpedo Boat Bought.
> Major Pope In Boston.
> THIRD PAGE.
> Senators Talk for War.
> New Gun for San Francisco.
> Revenue Cutters for the Navj
> The New Flying Squadron.
> Situation Grows More Grave
> FOURTH PAGE.
> Boss Rea Plays for Time.
> Hunters Slain by a Moose.
> Leonard Dies by the Rope.
> Fusionlsts in Oregon Divide.
. Murder at Dawson City.
> Tons of Gold From Klondike
» Held Prisoner In a Hotel.
Railroad Men In Session.
> Floods in the Ohio.
FIFTH PAGE.
Hot Session of the House.
Rain Pleases the Farmers.
No Trace of Train Robbers.
. Suicide of a Banker.
> Attacked by Two Robbers.
Fight for the Kasson Money.
Serious Situation in the Far Eaat.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
The Water Front Scandal.
Vain Tricks in Hawaii.
The Primary Law Decision.
Warnings to Klondikers.
The Battle of the Books.
A Good Selection.
Personals and Queries.
SEVENTH PAGE.
News of the Water Front.
Says Irene Lynch Was Wayward
Arrest of a Girl for Burglary.
W. J. Blggy, the New Registrar.
Laxity in Admitting Chinese.
EIGHTH PAGE.
The Semi-Centennial Exposition.
NINTH PAGE.
Arrival of Marion Crawford.
Lightening the New York.
Funeral of Lieutenant Burke.
Queer Jobs in the School Board.
TENTH PAGE.
Sports of All Kinds.
ELEVENTH PAGE.
Sold an Estate for a Song.
Preparing for a Masonic Fete.
Frauds in Street Work.
TWELFTH PAGE.
The Commercial World.
THIRTEENTH PAGB.
News From Across the Bay.
Fashions In Easter Hats.
FOURTEENTH PAGE.
Racing at Insrleslde.
Schism In a Mission Army.
FIFTEENTH PAGE.
Births, Marriages and Deaths.
SIXTEENTH PAGE.
Summary of the Ferry Scandal.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
war, in the eyes of the civilized world,
would not be justified, for two rea
sons.
First — We cannot prove that Spain
blew up a United States ship.
Second — We cannot trace her respon
sibility so far even as to justify a blunt
demand for indemnity.
Therefore, it would be readily per
ceived that all the talk at the Cabinet
meetings and the President's night con
ferences has been of peace, so far as the
Maine report is concerned. What is in
the Maine report, aside from the infor
mation that it was an outside explosion
by a submarine mine, which everybody
knew through the Herald loner ago. has
not been permitted to leak in detail from
the Cabinet.
One of the conferences at the White
House was between the President, Jud^e
George F. Edmunds of Vermont, and
Second Assistant Secretary of State
Adee. This conference was about the
note to be sent to Spain about the
Maine disaster. This note is not to be
a demand for indemnity. It is rather a
representation. The difference between
a demand and a representation in this
instance, is that a demand would put
us in the position of adjudging the
Spanish nation guilty of crime, where a
representation, such as is being penned,
will state our view of the case and
leave Spain to treat it in a way that
might avert war. This representation
will be written by Judge Edmunds and
Mr. Adee, and one of the points to be
laid before Spain will be this clause from
Article VI of the treaty with Spain:
"Each party shall endeavor by all
means in their power to protect and
defend all vessels and other effects
belonging to citizens or subjects of
the other which shall be within the
extent of their jurisdiction by sea
or by land."
When this note goes to Spain the
President will be ready to send the re
port of the Court of Inquiry to Con
gress, and this will be done on Monday.
Then will come the crisis. The pro
gramme will be to have the report quiet
ly referred in the Senate to the Com
mittee on Naval Affairs, and in the
House to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. This will gain time and drift
the poor old Maine into the channels of
diplomacy. If this be accomplished,
well and good. The immediate danger
of hostilities over the Maine will be
passed and the President will be free
to address Congress on his plan to
"feed or fight," in connection with the
general situation. How tremendously
anxious the administration is about the
conduct of Congress is shown by the
tremendous work being done among
the members of the Senate. The Sen
ate is still regarded as a tinder box.
Yet a poll has been made of that body
for the President, and the report is that2
RUSHING WORK
ON WARSHIPS AT
THE NAVY YARD
While Men fire Kept at the Re
pairs Day and Night the Re
cruiting Office f\\so Busy.
VALLKJO, March 25.— "We are working night and all day Sun
days " is the way Admiral Kirkland describes the situation at Mare
Island just now, but even that does not tell all. There are 1500 men
in the shops, along the wharves, or at work on the ships, and every
one <■! them la working overtime. They are in three shifts and are
on the run from .airy morning until far into the night. The Charles
ton is in the dry docfk; she has been there since Sunday last, and an
other few days will see her out in the stream and almost ready to
go into commission. The Philadelphia is alongside the wharf and is
swarming with workmen, and just beyond her lies the Yorktojvn,
where more men are busy as bees. The Monterey is also alongside,
but she La up only to fill her magazines. That done, she will go down
to the city and the Monadnock will come to the yard for the same pur
pose.
"We can get the ships ready as soon as the Government wants
them," Bays Admiral Kirkland, "and when they are ready we will eas
ily get the men to man them."
on the Independence the recruiting officers are breaking all previ
, ;s recruiting records. From thirty-five to forty men in a month is
a good average under ordinary circumstances, but so far this month
there lias been over 100 shipped.
Lieut- ■nant-Ciimniander Adams of the Monterey has been detailed
as recruiting officer Cor the present. He says they are Just as strict
as ever In the selection of men, and he had received no orders to be
any more lenient than the strict requirements of the regulations. It
i^ known at the yard that the Patterson, of the coast survey service,
is going to be put out of commission, and the report has it that her
officers will be given the choice of attaching to the Charleston or go
ing East. The men will be allowed to ship in the regular service and
they will be assigned to the ships now at the yard.
Another significant thing is being noticed— supplies will come to
the navy-yard from the East by express instead of by the slower
freight, and provisions of various kinds will arrive in shipments of dif
f. rent sizes, but amounting to fully 400 tons. This would indicate that
the Charleston, Philadelphia and Yorktown are going to be rushed into
mission as Bpeedily as possible did it need any evidence beyond
the air "i" activity* which pervades the island.
<j>*J><e><t >< B >< >< $ >< § >< § >< * >< ><J<^ ><^ >< * >< § > '§ >
when the Senate comes to consider ac
tual war over the Maine affair and faces
the personal responsibility for declar
ing war not more than ten members
will he willing to leap.
But what of the House of Represen
tatives? This is the body that Speaker
Reed has been holding in the hollow
of his hand. No one until to-day
thought that the Speaker would have
'ightest trouble in restraining that
body. Now stories are afloat that there
is a just restiveness among a large num
ber of Representatives, and that they
want war at once. The Speaker vet
feels that he will be equal to the oc
casion. The announcement was made
to-day that he is moie opposed than
ever to war with Spain, and that if nec
essary he would take the floor and. par
adoxical as it may seem, tight for peace
as he never fought for anything before
in his life.
Ominous things, however, have been
happening to-day, only half concealed
by these elaborate arrangements for
peace. The President is for peace, but
to-day between the iirst meeting of the
Cabinet and the second meeting, an
order was issued by the Navy Depart
ment for all warships to be painted black.
B!.u-k is the war color. All our gun
boats, cruisers, monitors and battleships
are painted white and easily visible to
an enemy.
Not only the President, but the Cabi
net is for peace, but to-day at the Cab
inet meeting, on advices from Madrid.
a proposition was discussed to have our
war vessels intercept tlie Spanish tor
pedo flotilla at St. Thomas and either
turn it back or destroy it.
In addition to the President and Cab
inet, the Vice- President is for peace.
but to-day the Hying squadron at Hamp
ton Roads was officially recognized in
orders, and Commander W. S. Schlev
takes command on Monday.
For peace, too. are Speaker Reed and
such influential Senators as Gorman.
Gray, Allison, Hale and Hanna. but to
day the Cabinet received information
about Spanish finances, which indicates
that Spain is much more likely to go to
war than any one in the administration
thought. The impression has been that
Spanish bonds are largely held through
out Europe. The information given the
Cabinet to-day was that about 8o per
cent of Spanish bonds are held by Span
iards. This, of course, in a measure re
moves the likelihood ol intervention be
tween Spain and the United States by
some other power. But it also lessens
the likelihod that Spain will be re
strained by her creditors.
The administration was also informed
that the Spanish debt is $1,700,000,000,
and the revenues fall about $25,000,000
short of paying the interest. The Gov
ernment has no information about the
loan that Spain is reported to have ne
gotiated with the Bank of Spain for
$40,000,000. If this be true, and it is
accepted as a fact, then it is regarded
that Spain has procured this money for
war preparations.
With information of this sort leaking
out, and stories, ten times more lurid
Hying everywhere, and eaperly accepted,
what wonder is it that the war spirit
is running bankful, like the Ohio River.
The hotel corridors are crowded to
night, and there is but one topic. Ev
erybody is talking of the outcome of
the Maine renort.
In the corridors to-night a member
of the Republican National Committee
said the President would be forced to
act in favor of a war policy.
"It he does not do so," said this
man. "there will be no Republican party
left. No one can get to the President to
tell him the truth, but if we do not
declare against Spain I'll tell you what
will happen. Fitzhugh Lee will resign
in ten days. He will lay the whole
thing bare. He will become a popular
idol, and be elected President."
On the other hand, General Lona
street. the most conspicuous soldier on
either side, serving in the late war,
said: "No one wants war unless it
becomes our duty to go to war. I don't
want war unless we have to fight. I
know what war is. We can do far bet
ter with Spain as our friend than with
Spain as our enemy. I feel that the sit
uation is in wise hands. I believe the
President will avoid war with honor to
America."
SPANIARDS ARE
SUPPLEMENTING
FORTIFICATIONS
San Juar), the Main Port of the
Island of Puerto F^ico, BeiQg
StrengtheQed.
WASHINGTON, March 25.— Word reached the Navy Department of
ficials to-day that the Spanish authorities have taken steps to supple
ment the existing fortifications at San Juan de Porto Rico, the main
port of the island of Porto Rico. The news is regarded as signi
ficant. Porto Rico is the only other possession which belongs to the
Spanish Government on this hemisphere besides Cuba. The officials
of the department, while acknowledging that Information of the fore
going character has reached them, are very chary about imparting any
of the details to the press. The city of Porto Rico is fortified after
the old style prevalent in early days. The defenses consist of a wall
which completely circles the several forts at strategic points, while the
only points of egress and ingress are through massi%-e gates. These
fortifications are being strengthened and the armament has been in
creased by two large guns of formidable pattern and caliber. San
Juan has 23,414 inhabitants.
Lieutenant Colwell of London was directed by the Navy Department
to urge the builders of the recently purrtiased cruiser Albany, former
ly the Brazilian vessel Abruall, to hasten the construction of the ship
with all possible speed. In the ordinary course of the work the yes
. sel would not be completed before next December, but it is bejleved
by olficials of the Navy Department that if the builders are placed un
der pressure she can be made ready for sea within three months, and
perhaps in a little less time.
MAJOR POPE
REACHES BOSTON
He Will Take Command
To-Day of the Marines
at Charleston Yard.
It Is the Same Place at Which
He Saw His First
Service.
Special Dispatch to The Call-
BOSTON, Mass., March 25.— Major
Percy A. Pope, U. S. M. C, the recent-
ly appointed commandant of the ma
rine forces and the Naval Prison at
the Charleston navy-yard, arrived in
Boston this afternoon about 3 o'clock.
He went at once to the yard from the
Albany station and was entertained at
the home of Commodore Howison.
commandant of the navy-yard, where
Mrs. Pope had preceded him. Major
Pope was not officially received by the
Marine Corps. The ceremony of his
taking charge of the marines, the
prison and the recruiting station will
take place to-morrow morning. The
entire command will be drawn up in
full dress uniform and Captain Kelton,
who has been in charge, will turn over
the command to Major Pope. The lat
ter really succeeds Major Robert E.
Mead, who was placed in command at
the Portsmouth navy-yard.
Major Pope is not a stranger to the
Charleston yard. He was brought up
in Charleston, and it was here that he
saw his first service as an officer of
the Marine Corps. Nearly five years
ago he was detached and placed in
command of the forces at Mare Island,
California, where he has been ever
since. The major was seen last even
ins by a Call man at the home of Com
modore Howison. He said that he would
assume command to-morrow. He left
Mare Island about a week ago.
"The war scare," he said, "has hard
ly reached the Pacific Coast yet. Things
were very quiet at the Mare Island
yards when I left there. Some three
ships were being repaird, but that was
all. Being so removed from the cen
ter of the trouble, there has been lit
tle of the war talk heard."
In answer to the reporter's query
Major Pope said that from what he
had heard on his way through the
country he thought the situation was
serious, but he hoped that the Govern
ment would be able to avert a con
flict.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SAT LED AY, MARCH 26, 1898.
KLOPSCH AND
THE RED CROSS
Lively Quarrel Impending
Among Distributors
of Relief.
Dissensions in the Ranks of
Those Sent to Aid the
Reconcentrados.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, March 25.— News reached
here this morning that a lively quar
rel is impending between the Red
Cross and those in charge of the work
of relieving the reconcentrados.
Consul-General Lee this morning ca
bled to Secretary Gage that the work
is now being properly handled and
great good is being accomplished. He
deprecated any attack upon Mr.
Klopsch by friends of Miss Clara Bar
ton.
Mr. Klopsch has received a cable
from a personal friend that Mr. Ste
phen Barton, a fellow member of the
committee appointed by President Mc-
Kinley, is about to resent his interfer
ence in Red Cross work. Answering
this dispatch, Mr. Klopsch cabled to
Mr. Sanderson, editor of the Christian
Herald: "Red tape and red paint will
not feed the hungry. The work ne
cessary is to move supplies, and no
obstacles should be placed in our way.
Mr. Barton should not talk until he
has heard both sides. I hope Mr.
Schieren will take no stand until he
sees me. I leave for New York next
Wednesday, but will return to Havana
at once and charter a 750-ton steamer to
handle supplies."
Miss Clara Barton, it is expected, will
reach Washington to-morrow and it is
said that she will at once use her in
fluence against Mr. Klopsch, whom she
regards in no friendly light, believing
that he has interfered with her.
NEW TORPEDO
BOAT BOUGHT
The German Government
Consents to Help Un
cle Sam.
This Will Be a Most Valua
ble Acquisition to the
Navy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. March 25.— Navy
Department was informed by cable
gram from Lieutenant Colwell, naval
attache to the..United States . embassy
at London, that agents of this Govern
ment had purchased a "Schischad"
torpedo-boat that had been constructed
for the German Government. The new
acquisition is of the general type of
German torpedo-boats, and is regarded
as a valuable addition to our navy One
feature regarding her that affords
special gratification to the officials of
the Navy: Department is that she is
now ready for sea. It is expected that
in a few days she will leave for the
United States. She will be able to make
the Journey across the Atlantic without
difficulty, as she is a good; sea-going
vessel, and her coal capacity is ample
for the trip to, this country
She is a twer^y-three knot- vessel,
and about 150 feet long. While of the
same general type as the Rodgers and
Foote of the United States navy, she
is a trine larger. At the Navy Depart
ment the precise dimensions of the new
boat could not be given. The price paid
for her . , the j navy officials declined at
this time, to state/but it was said to
be very reasonable.
Work on the vessel, has just been
completed. She never . has '< been in
service. She is supposed to carry three
torpedo tubes and two small-caliber
rapid-fire guns. Nine: to twelve men
will be needed to man her. • '• '
v -■ |
GIVEN ORDERS TO JOIN
THE FLYING SQUADRON.
! Significant Instructions to the Com
manders of the lowa and
New York.
NEW YORS, March 25.— A Key West
special says: The New York and lowa
j have just received orders and will leave
here on Sunday to join the flying
I squadron at Hampton Roads. The
move is considered of extreme signifi
cance in view of the Spanish torpedo
flotilla's departure for Porto Rico.
HOLDS SPAIN
RESPONSIBLE
There Can Be No Doubt
as to the Meaning
of the Report.
President and Cabinet Con
vinced That an Outside Ex
plosion Sunk the Maine.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 25.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
sends the following: The report is con
sidered by the President and Secretary
Long as definitely determining that
the explosion came from outside the
vessel, and that it was thiß outside ex
plosion which resulted in the de
struction of the ship and the death of
so many as 266 of her officers and
crew, is indicated by the fact that they
have notified Professor Monroe of Co
lumbia University, one of the highest
authorities in the country on explo
sives, that his services in connection
with the report would not be required.
Professor Monroe, who was formerly
attached to the torpedo station at New
port, had placed his services at the dis
posal of Secretary Long in case he
would be required to clear up any
doubtful points in the report of the
Court of Inquiry. The report has been
found so conclusive that no expert
analysis of it and of the testimony by
Professor Monroe was required to en
ble the President and Secretary Long
to decide that the findings of the court
are conclusive as to tfie points covered.
While the report does not fix the re
sponsibility of the explosion and does
not in any way connect any individual
or the Spanish Government with it di
rectly, the testimony as to the destruc
tion of the ship coming from an out
side source is so strong that it will lead
to inferences that may be fraught with
tremendous consequences. Already
these inferences are being drawn, based
on the immense amount of some pow
erful high explosive which must have
been employed, and on the well-known
fact that the importation of explosives
into Havana at all times is carefully
regulated and that no one inside the
city or harbor except the agents of the
Spanish Government and the Maine
herself could legally have been in pos
session of such an amount of ex
plosives as must have been used to de
stroy the ship.
Officials of the administration are
very guarded in all their references to
the report, and if they are drawing
such conclusions- as are freely voiced
by members of the Senate and House,
who would rather go to - ar to avenge
American s ilors than feed the starv
ing Cubans, they are very careful not
to give expressions to them. The Presi
dent, Secretary Long and others of the
Cabinet are counseling conservatism
and patience until Monday, when the
report and testimony on which it is
based will be made public by being
transmitted to both houses of Congress.
SPANISH WILL
GET NO HELP
FROM EUROPE
Continued from First Page.
the Frenoh Ambassador and in touch
with affairs of France, told me to
day that, while i ranee was unques
tionably interested in the Cuban
question, both on account of the large
loans her citizens had made to Spain
and the fact that she had common
ties with Spain by reason of race
affiliation and territorial situations,
she would not give active support
to the Madrid Government in the
event of war and would not offer her
good offices for the settlement of the
trouble unless she had prior assur
ances that the tender would be ac
ceptable to the Sagasta Ministry and
the McKinley administration.
"France is very friendly to the
United States as well as to Spain,"
he continued, "and her interests
would be largely affected in case of
war. Take, for instance, the Paris
exposition, which is to be held in
1900. If Spain and the American
republic engage in hostilities neither
will be able to participate in the ex
position, and their absence from that
fair would leave vacant space which
will have to be filled and which will
not only necessitate the expenditure
of more money, but will injure the
success of the exposition and the
trade which France hoped would re
sult therefrom.
"There has been some talk in dip
lomatic circles that the nations of
Europe might act in concert to put
an end to the trouble between the
United States and Spain. Ido not
believe that this Government need
have any fear on that score. Great
Britain would never consent to such
a step because she would nppreciate
that such action would lose for her
forever the chance of entering into
an offensive and defensive alliance
with her American offspring. Ger
many would be willing to humiliate
the United States if it were possible
to do so and Austria wou,ld join with
Germany. Russia, I believe, not
withstanding the persuasion of
France, would be disinclined to take
any step in the strictly private af
fairs of the United States and Spain."
APPROVES THE
PRESIDENT'S COURSE.
Senator White Says the Policy of the
Administration Has Been a
Wise One.
SACRAMENTO, March 25.— United
States Senator Stephen M. White, en
route from Los Angele-- to Washington,
was in the city several hours this even
ing. He was met at the depot by Ad
jutant-General A. W. Barrett and was
informally received at the Golden Eagle
Hotel by Peter J. Shields, Colonel R. L.
Peeler, Judge A. C. Hinkson, Thomas
Fox and other prominent Democrats.
Senator White was non-committal in
speaking of the Cuban situation, and
said he advocated waiting for a report
of the examining board before giving
an opinion on the blowing up of the
Maine. He thought the course adopted
by President McKinley had been a wise
one.
SCHLEY GETS
INSTRUCTIONS
Commodore Advised as to
Plans Arranged in
Case of War.
. .
Flying Squadron to Be Kept
Separate From the Fleet
at Key West.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 25.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Com
modore Schley was in conference to
day with officials of the Navy Depart
ment, receiving instructions which will
guide him should war occur between
the United States and Spain.
For the present Commodore Schley's
squadron will kept separate and dis
tinct from the fleet at Key West, but
in the event that hostilities should oc
cur there would undoubtedly be joint
operations conducted until such time
as the Spanish fleet in Cuban waters
shall have been destroyed or demor
alized, when the flying squadron
would turn its attention to the Spanish
coast.
As the plan of operations was out
lined to me to-day, I understand that
it is proposed to blockade Havana and
Matanzas first, and, having closed
these ports as a supply basis for Span
ish vessels, to separate Commodore
Schley's command and to dispatch it
to Porto Rico and across the ocean
with a view to preventing Spain from
sending re-enforcements to Cuba.
The possibility that war may occur
before the Spanish torpedo boat flotilla
has reached Porto Rico has induced
naval authorities to give serious con
sideration to a plan of sending the fly
ing squadron at once to a point di
rectly in the path of the flotilla, and in
case of war to dispose of these little
hornets as quickly as possible.
EVIDENTLY
EXPECTING
ARBITRATION
El Comercio Praises Blanco for
Refusing the Use of Dyr)a
mite on the Maine.
Copyrighted, IS9B. by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, March 25.— Officers of the volunteers have submitted to
General Arolas plans for academies of military instructions, as di
rected, and at the same time the plans to increase the number of men
in each battalion and for general reorganization. General Arolas has
promised his support and Captain-General Blanco will recommend
them to the Madrid Government.
El Comercio says under the title, "We are in Time:" "It is most
important to take due precautions so that if trouble from abroad
should be inevitable we should not be found unprepared to .meet it.
Loyal Spaniards should sustain the dignified attitude of Captain-
General Blanco in refusing Captain Sigsbee's presumptuous request to
permit the use of dynamite in blowing up the wreck of the Maine.
Within that wreck lies proof that the disaster was due to internal
causes. Since a difference appears in the conclusions reached by the
Spanish and American Courts of Inquiry the wreck must remain in
tact to afford evidence for a possible court of arbitration."
El Commercio also points out th 3 danger to neighboring wharves
and buildings which the use of dynamite might involve, since it is not
unlikely that explosive material still remains in the wreck.
The paper adds: "Spain has endured as much as possible for the
sake of peace; she has tolerated the insidious alarms of Monroeism
and has conceded much in the interest of amity. If, after her many
sacrifices, Spain is still provoked to action she will accept the chal
lenge with dignity and without fear."
WAR PAINT IS
NOW ORDERED
Hulls of Men -of- War
Will All Be Painted
Black.
This Is Regarded by Navai Of
ficers as Being Peculiarly
Significant.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 25.— A Wash
ington special to the Herald says: In
stead of glistening white, which has
made the American modern navy so
distinctive and attractive, the hulls of
men-of-war of the service will here
after be black. The issuance of ap
parently insignificant orders to this
effect after consideration by the Cabi
net of the report of the Court of In
quiry on the battle-ship Maine, was
thought the most important by naval
officers, and indicates to their mind that
the administration, appreciating the
present strain on the relations between
this Government and Spain, has de
cided to adopt a war color for Ameri
can vessels.
Instructions were that ships should
be painted black at once. They were
sent by telegraph to Captain Sampson,
Commander-in-chief of the North At
lantic station; to Commodore Dewey,
commander-in-chief of the Asiatic
station; to vessels attached to the Pa
cific station and to other ships on de
tached service. Torpedo boats are the
only class of vessels exempt from the
order issued by the Secretary. The
boats are painted sea green, which
makes them almost invisible at night,
lying low in the water. It is almost im
possible to see them on a dark night,
and naval officers ascribe much of the
invisibility to the color of the paint.
Just as the department desires tor
pedo boats to be as invisible as .possible,
so it is anxious that the larger men-of-
war be inconspicuous. It is appreciated
by the authorities that if they were al
lowed to wear white during war an
enemy would be more apt to discover
their whereabouts than if they were
painted a gloomy color. It was with a
view, therefore, of deceiving the Span
ish fleet as to their whereabouts that
the instructions were issued directing
that hereafter black be used as the
color of the paint for hulls of ships in
commission.
MANY SEAMEN
ARE WANTED
IN A HURRY
While Machinists, Firemen and
Sailors (\re Recruited, Survey
Crews fire Transferred.
Men are wanted for the navy, and Uncle Sam is evidently in a
hurry. The three coast survey steamers are to go out of commission and
their officers will hold themselves in readiness to hurry East, while the
men will be transferred to the United States receiving ship Independ
ence. The recruiting office at 10 California street was put in opera
tion early yesterday morning, and Lieutenant George M. Stoney swore
in five men before the day was out. The schoolship Pensacola has
been tied up to a mooring buoy at the navy-yard and the petty offi
cers and men have been transferred to tl^e Independence.
The officers of the coast survey steamers who will go East are:
Lieutenant-Commander J. Forse, Lieutenants (junior grade) G. W.
Brown, G. R. Slocum, R. E. Coontz of the Steamer Patterson; Lieu
tenant-Commander H. P. Osborn*. Lieutenant (junior grade) A. M.
Beedell; Ensigns C. M. Stone, P. Symonton of the steamer McArthur;
Lieutenant J. M. Helm, Lieutenant (junior grade) W. A. McCulty and
Ensign M. L. Miller of the steamer Gedney. All the sailors on the
three survey steamers were enlisted for three years for "special ser
vice," and now they will have a chance to do it aboard a man-of-war.
The men wanted at the Naval Rendezvous are machinists, oilers,
coal-passers, firemen and seamen. Landsmen are not wanted just now,
as Uncle Sam desires men who know their business, and not amateurs.
The first vessel to be manned will be the Charleston and the men
from the Patterson, Gedney, McArthur and Pensacola will so on her.
The next warship to go out will be the gunboat Yorktown, and
as soon as she is manned and ready for battle the cruiser Philadel
phia will be ready to go into commission. If the number of men of
fering for enlistment is anything like what is expected there will be
men to spare and these will be drafted East to fill vacancies on ships
of the navy already in commission. Candidates for enlistment in the
engineers' department will be examined daily at It) California street by
an engineer from the coast defense steamer Monadnock now in port.
Among the officers and men who have been retired and who are now
anxious to be restored to the acti>e list are Lieutenant J. Burnett,
Gunner J. B. Tresselt and Sailmaker William Redstone. Tresselt was
a gunner on the Trenton and was injured on that vessel in the Samoan
hurricane.
GOES IN HASTE
TO HAVANA
Tender Mangrove Dis
patched, Ostensibly to
Bring Americans.
Much Excitement at Key West
Following the Report as to
Findings of Naval Court.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KEY WEST, March 25.— The Associ
ated Press bulletin that the Court of
Inquiry has found that the Maine was
blown up by a submarine mine created
intense excitement here. It was read
by eager crowds, which included Rear
Admiral Sicard, elderly captains and
young cadets. As frequently stated in
these dispatches, most of the naval offi
cers at Key West have held to the opin
ion shared by all the officers of the
Maine, that the warship was blown up
by external means. The minority who
previous to to-day had expressed the
conviction that the court would be un
able to determine the cause, was hard
to find. All were glad to know the
Maine's fate was not due to the neglect
of the officers.
Intense eagerness for further details
is manifested on all sides. Countless
opinions are offered as to the possibil
ity of war and arbitration. Until a
late hour to-night discussion was ram
pant on ship and land as to the out
come.
The most significant development
that followed the announcement of the
court's report — a development known to
but few — was the sudden sailing of the
lighthouse tender Mangrove for Hava
na, The Mangrove was lying quietly
at the dock, loading buoys, when or
ders came about 5 o'clock this after
noon for her to proceed with all haste
to Havana and to take on board all
the American officials In that city
with the exception of Consul General
Lee.
It is feared here that the knowledge
of the court's report has excited Ha
vana's population and brought the
anti-American sentiment to a climax.
Officers of high rank were still reticent.
Rear Admiral Sicard, however, said:
"The Court of Inquiry brought in find
ings according to what its members be
lieved. Nothing could have made them
do otherwise. If they had been able to
fix the responsibility, I feel sure they
would not have shirked this duty."
The attention of Rear- Admiral Sicard
was drawn to the fact that Spain had
officially denied that Havana harbor
was mined. He replied: "If Havana
harbor were mine, I certainly should
have mined it. The water there is es
pecially suited for such a method of
defense. Spain's denial had nothing to
do with the Court of Inquiry. I should
not believe a statement that Havana
harbor was not mined. The court had
not yet been dissolved. It is barely
possible that more work may be re
quired of it; but this is not probable.
The Court of Inquiry is composed of
splendid men. I am greatly satisfied
with their work. I hardly suppose that
much excitement will be caused by the
announcement of the verdict, as I am
under the impression that 99 per cent
of our own people were already con
vinced that the Maine was blown up
externally; and I scarcely think their
Ideas would be changed even if the
court had reported otherwise."
When the possibility of arbitration
and the ensuing entanglement were
suggested to him, Rear-Admiral Sicard
said: "The Maine case is nothing in
comparison with the Alabama claims.
Then we were opposed to a powerful
commercial rival; but now we are deal
ing with Spain."
Death of an Octagenarian.
SANTA ROSA, March 25.— Seth I.arkin.
years, was found dead at his hom^ this
.morning:. Death was due to- natural >
causes.
; : 'advertisements.
I Was Nervous, Tired,
In fact felt miserable all the time, and
work seemed a burden. I had no appe-
tite or strength, and did not sleep welL
The results of taking Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla have been very satisfactory, and
Hood's Pills, taken occasionally, have
also been of great help. My system has
been built up, my nerves are stronger,
and I have a good appetite and sleep
well.. In the morning I now feel rested
and refreshed, and can work all day.
I earnestly recommend Hood's Sarsa-
parilla to all nervous and exhausted
people. It has benefited' me more than
any other medicine I ever took."
MRS. JENNIE IRISH, Stow, Me.
Be sure to get
Hood's SarsaparHla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. SI: six t or. $5.
Prepared only by. C. I. Hood & Co.; Lowell,, .
Mass. ; . -.• „• -%^
H^/\H'c Dillc are the favorite family '
rlOOa S V I I I S cathartic . Price 25c.
LADIES'
TIGHTS
Along with the most extensive vari-
ety of underwear to be found anywhere
in the world you will find in our stock
Ladies' Black , "
WOOL TIGHTS $1.25
And $1 50 per pair. Vests to match
$1 25 each. You pay $2 50 for such
goods everywhere else in town.
A word on this subject is enough.
Our doors are open every working
day. You t_n inspect goods or buy
goods as you like. Always glad to see
you at
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St.. S. F. .A
DRUNKENNESS!"'
Painless treatment. Sixth year- 1000
cured lowest prices write to-day, for full 1
particulars. Board free. No publicity
Cures guaranteed. " N;"" .' ; y
Gold Cure, Sacramento, CaL . 26 Page St., S." F,SENATORS
NOW LOOK
FOR WAR
Believe Spain Will Resent
the Feeding of the
Reconcentrados.
in That Event They Will Be
Fed Anyway and a Clash
Is Very Certain
to Come.
"Distressing as the outlook
may be, I do not see how war
can be avoided."— From an in
terview with Senator Gorman of
Maryland.
NEW YORK, March 25.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald has this:
Senator Gorman says he does not be
lieve there will be any material oppo
sition to the President's policy in deal-
Ing with the Cuban question from Dem
ocrats of the House or Senate. He
made that statement to me this even-
Ing during an interesting conversation
on the subject. Mr. Gorman is not a
sensationalist, nor is he disposed to
jump at conclusions hastily. In view
of his recent consultation with Presi
dent McKinley and the fact that he is
the recognized leader of the Demo
cratic forces in the Senate his views at
this juncture will be read with -addi
tional interest.
"As I understand it," the Senator
said, "it is the President's fixed deter
mination to send substantial relief to
the suffering people in Cuba. In that
humane act he will, in my judgment,
be backed up by the great majority of
the American peuple. I am convinced
that there is an overwhelming majority
in Congress ready to sustain him in his
course. 1 am convinced that he thor
oughly appreciates the Importance o-f
taking prompt and decisive action. It
remains io be seen whether Spain will
resent the humanitarian spirit which
prompts the American people in this
matter. In my judgment the Spanish
people will resent our well-intended in
tervention. That, of course, will result
in a conflict between the two nations.
I do not wish t<> see this country in
volved in war with Spain i/r any other
j'ation, for that matter. War is a very
Berious business to c-ngagt in, and
s tli.- piling up of additional bur
»»'•;>.•< vi"'i; <>ur people and the embar
rassi our commercial relations
with our foreign neighbors. There is
no telling where the burdens will fall
heaviest after war begins. It means
distress to c-ur own people to an ex
tent that cannot he estimated, when
you consider the loss of life, destruction
of property and all the horrors which
follow in the trail of war.
will be no hesitation in voting
another $50,000,000 if tfio President tells
us he needs it, and there will be pro
visions i>ut into the sundry civil ap
propriation bill to purchase supplies for
the Cubans if the President indicates to
us that he wants it. There has been
no consultation among Democrats on
this subject, and I do not believe there
is any occasion for a party conference
so long as the President adheres to his
firm policy of sending relief to Cuba
on peaceful terms if possible, and re
sorting to force, if necessary. I re
gret to say that I do not look for Spain
to quietly submit to such action on our
part. They are a proud people, and
they will in all probability resent our
good intentions.
"Distressing as the outlook may be,
Ido not see how hostilities can be
avoided. The appropriation of $50,000,
000 for preparations for war was not re
sorted to until it became evident that
Spuin intended to resist our efforts to
feed her starved and neglected peo
ple. The preparations which have been
going on in this country, as well as in
Spain, show conclusively that both
countries are Aroused to a full under
standing of the situation and it will
require the most delicate diplomacy to
prevent a conflict."
Senator Lindsay of Kentucky be
lieves that it is the duty of this Gov
ernment to recognize the independence
of Cuba, and contends that such step
on our part must necessarily carry with
it the intervention of our Government
in behalf of the new republic.
"It is my idea," said he, "that the
course for this Government to pursue
Is to .recognize the independence of the
Cubans and to follow that up by such
assistance as they may require to bring
peace on the Island. If we recognize
the Cuban republic we are bound by
the Monroe doctrine to keep Spain and
any other European nation from inter
fering with her affairs. I think that
. the London newspapers which declare
it our duty to either join with the Sa
gasta Ministry and bring peace accord
ing to his lines or to at once intervene
by aiding the Cuban republic, expressed
the exact situation. We must do one
thine: or the other."
Senator Julius Caesar Burrows of
Michigan said: "I see no particular
change in - the situation. Certainly
there Is nothing alarming. The next
thirty days will probably develop some
thing definite. Everybody in the Unit
ed States is crying out against the con
dition of the Cubans brought about by
the policy of concentration inaugurat
ed by Spain.
"I think the first thing necessary is
to relieve the suffering of those people,
but while doing this with one hand, we
should notify Spain that the policy
which reduces these people to starvation
must be abandoned. If Spain objects
to our feeding the starving victims of
her cruelty, then we must feed them
anyhow, and if necessary under the
protection of the guns of American
ships of war, and in the presence of
American soldiers and sailors." '- ■
Senator Chandler of New Hampshire
said: "i think that within the week
events will have so inevitably pro
gressed that it will be known that the
human tarian intervention is sure to
V Jhnf ti * by the United States, and
•' ;'' ™ d , eath through starvation and
I Sic inrV ? £ üba are to cease.- When
■&o!f«i£ r TlßllT 1811 , decisi '>n of the American
rjSSL 1 ' known. Spain will decide
E£h« at« ♦lo.*I o .* f he lnt ends to fight. lam
iSvp >t n ", k there WI " be a war. I
&£&&& £ 3e Bhort - Manifest des
tiny makes Cuba free before this year
Is ended. .-■-..
Opposed by Deputies.
ROME, March 25.-I n the Chamber of
Deputies to-day Admiral Brin, the Mm
ister of Marine, replying to questions,
declared that the sale of certain Ital
ian warships to foreign Governments
would be favorable to the interests of
the country and would give employ
ment to numbers of workmen in build
ing fresh ships. Several Deputies op
posed the sale.
WILL BUILD DESTROYERS
OF TORPEDO BOATS.
Lewis Nixon May Get Contracts to
Turn Out Rapidly a Dozen
Such Craft.
NEW YORK. March 25.— Lewis Nix
on, proprietor of the Crescent Ship
yards, Elizabeth, N. J., is to receive
orders from the Government, it is re
ported to-day, for ten or twelve first
class torpedo-boat destroyers. Mr.
Nixon went to Washington recently,
and with several naval officers dis
cussed plans for a most efficient class
of torpedo-boat destroyers. He re
turned to Elizabeth on Thursday, and
for an hour was in consultation with
various heads of departments at his
yards about the ability of the plant to
start to turn out boats on short notice.
It was found that the first boat could
be finished in ninety days, and work
on the others rushed along at the same
time, so there would be only about two
weeks' wait for each of the others.
Nixon has a bid in for three thirty-knot
torpedo-boat destroyers, but the Gov
ernment, according to the report, is
anxious to increa.se the order, and he
will be ready to fill it. It is said that
plans for torpedo-boat destroyers are
now being prepared.
THE ALFONSO XII
LEAVES THE DOCK.
Joins the Vizcaya and Oquendo
Where the Montgomery Was
Said to Be in Danger.
HAVANA, March 25.— The Alfonso
XII left the dry dock at noon tp-day,
the \vork of clearing the bottom of the
vast accumulation of barnacles hay-
ing been done with remarkable celerity.
She was towed to an anchorage close
to the Vizcaya and Oquendo, where the
Montgomery lay.
The bodies of Lieutenant Jenkins and
two others recovered yesterday and six
unidentified recovered cannot be ship- '•■
ped to Key West because of the Florida
quarantine law. and an effort will be '
made to arrange for their shipment to '
New York by the Ward line. Chaplain
Chldwick has asked for a week's leave i
to visit the men in Key West. He will !
undoubtedly get it, and at its expira- j
tion proceed to New York.
CATHOLICS LOYAL
TO THIS COUNTRY.!
President Delaney of the Knights of
Columbus Utters Some Very
Significant Words.
CHICAGO, March 25.— At Central
Music Hall last night, before a large
audience of Roman Catholics, presided
over by Archbishop Fehan, Hon. John
5. Delaney of New York delivered an
address under the auspices of the
Knights of Columbus, of which he is
the chief executive.
While eloquently telling what
America had done for the people of the
Catholic faith and what they had done
for her, he paused a moment and said:
"Need I add that if any crisis arises in
the life of this nation to-morrow, let
the occasion come how it may, you
may be sure that the Catholics of the
United States will, if need be, drain
every vein in their bodies to prove
their devotion?"
The applause that followed continued
several moments.
SMINAS COULD FURNISH
A COWBOY REGIMENT.
Many Men Anxious to Volunteer for
Duty in Cuba in Case of War
With Spain.
SALINAS. March 25.— The war fever
has struck Salinas. Lists were opened
at the armory of Troop C this morn
ing, and notices were conspicuously
displayed that the names of volun
teers wfcuV be received at that place.
By 6 o elbek this evening there had
been over 150 names enrolled, embrac
ing those of all classes and stations.
Should a call be made for volunteers
in case of war with Spain a full regi
ment coulanfte raised in this immediate
neighborhood. The signers would form
themselves into a cavalry regimentand
ask to be sent to Cuba.
RAPID-FIRE GUNS
ARE BOUGHT ABROAD.
WASHINGTON, March 25.— The Ord-
nance Bureau of the War Department
expects to obtain in all about forty
six rapid-fire guns from abroad for the
seacoast fortifications. Twenty of these
were obtained through Vickers Sons
and the remainder through the Hotch
kiss Company. The former consign
ment, it is understood, is already on
its way to this country. These guns
are of 4.7 caliber and the officials say
the contract providing for their pur
chase includes between two and three
hundred rounds of ammunition, a very
desirable thing at the present time.
Not Delayed by Protests.
WASHINGTON, March 25.— Protests
against the Oregon's removal from
San Francisco are still being received
daily at the Navy Department, and
promptly pigeon-holed. They are too
late, and the Oregon will continue her
voyage to Callao. If she does not re
ceive any orders then* she will continue
to Valparaiso and stop again for or
ders.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 26, 1898.
NEW 12-INCH DISAPPEARING GUN FOR SAN FRANCISCO.
NOT TAKING
ANY CHANCES
Government Continues to
Strengthen the Coast
Fortifications.
Big Guns Arriving for the Pre
sidio and Forts. Around
the Bay.
Plenty of Projectiles Are Also Being
Shipptd for the Hijh-Power
Cannon.
It is considered that San Francisco,
in the event of war between the United
States and Spain, would be remote
from the scene of actual conflict, yet
the Government is taking no chances
on this account. Preparations for the
defense of this harbor are going for
ward with vigor. Immense quantities
of ammunition have been delivered and
the Ordnance Bureau is advised that a
further supply is on the rail due to ar
rive in this city early next week.
Another 12-inch gun for the Fort
Point fortifications arrived yesterday,
and is now at the Southern Pacific
freight yards at Fourth and Townsend
streets. The immense gun weighs fifty
nine tons. On account of its weight it
cannot be taken over the streets of San
Francisco to its appointed place on the
Presidio reservation. To-day the Quar
termaster's Department will enter into
a contract with same individual or firm
to transport the ordnance by water to
a point near the works. From the land
ing place near the battery it will be
hauled up the hill.
This latest 12-inch breech-loading:
rifle will be mounted on a disappearing
carriage. The ponderous carriage,
which weighs 180 tons, also arrived yes
terday. The emplacement for the gun
is on the extreme right of the 12-inch
battery near the left of the 10-inch bat
tery of disappearing guns. Another
rifle of the 12-inch pattern is on the rail
billed for San Francisco, and should
arrive in a few days. It may be sent
over to Lime Point to re-enforce the
Fort Baker battery.
Morton's drays were busy yesterday
conveying projectiles for the me-rtars
and high-power rifles to the Presidio
magazines. T^e ammunition comes
from the Watertown and Watervliet
arsenals.
To-day the Quartermaster's Depart
ment will receive bids for twenty mil
lion pounds of coal.
General William R. Shafter, com
manding the department of California,
yesterday issued the following orders:
Pursuant of authorization from the
Acting Secretary of War, a class will
be formed at the Presidio of San Fran
cisco, Cal., consisting of two men from
each troop of cavalry and each com
pany of infantry serving in this de
partment, for instruction in signaling,
under the immediatechargeof thesignal
officer of the department. The class
will be stationed at the Presidio, to
which point the detail from the com
panies at Benicia barracks will be sent
at once. This detail will be rationed
and quartered with one of the infantry
companies at the post. The men of the
signal class will be selected by their
troop* and company commanders and
will be sent to report to the command
ing officer of the Presidio on Monday,
the 28th inst., at such hour as he may
designate.
First Lieutenant Frank Greene, sig
nal corps, will make such journeys as
may be necessary between this city
and the Presidio, and return, and will
continue the daily instruction of the
class at such hour as may be designat
ed by the commanding officer of the
Presidio.
On the 17th inst. orders were issued
relieving First Lieutenants Francis E.
I,acey Jr. and Hiram McL. Powell,
First Infantry, with the detachment of
enlisted men under their charge, from
duty in connection with the progres
sive military map ordered by the Sec
retary of War, and directing them to
proceed to the Presidio by marching.
Yesterday the order was so modified as
to direct Lieutenants Lacey and Pow
ell, with the detachment of enlisted
men, to proceed to the Presidio by
steamer from Santa Barbara, Cal. The
quartermaster's department will fur
nish transportation for the party and
for such public property, including
animals, as may be with it.
FROM CUTER
TO WARSHIP
Revenue Vessels Will Be
Equipped ior Hostile
Service.
Some of the Craft Are Consid
ered to Be Well Suited for
Torpedo- Boats.
When the Little Fl~et Is Equipped
for WarlMre It Will Be Sent
lo Key West
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 2."..
Captain Shoemaker, chief of the rev
enue cutter service, was busily en
gaged to-day in making assignments
of officers to the revenue cutters de
tailed yesterday for defensive service
along the Atlantic seaboard. Every
vessel in the service available for ac
tion has been, or will be, assigned to
duty. Even the new cutter Gresham,
on the Great Lakes, and the little cut
ter Calumet, located at Chicago, have
been called on, and in a day or two
both the lake ships will be en route to
the rendezvous at Hampton Roads.
The commanders of the revenue cut
ters have been notified by wire to be in
readiness to move as soon as their gen
eral orders were received.
The revenue cutters which will be
ordered into service and their present
stations are as follows: The Wood
bury, at Portland, Me.; Hamilton,
Philadelphia; Hudson, New York;
Manning, Boston; Calumet, Chicago;
Gresham, Milwaukee; Morrow, Wil
mington, N. C., and Windom, Balti
more.
Captain Shoemaker was of the opin
ion that it would require about a week
for all of the vessels to reach Hampton
Roads, or rather Norfolk, which will
be their official rendezvous. At the
navy-yard there the vessels will re
ceive their equipment — guns, ammuni
tion, torpedoes and supplies — and will
make such other preparations as are
necessary for fighting service. The new
cutter Gresham. recently built at
Cleveland, in a brief time can be
transformed into a • formidable com
merce destroyer or torpedo boat. She
was built expressly for such an emer
gency as she is now called upon to
meet. She is equipped for a torpedo
tube and can carry an ugly battery of
rapid-fire guns. All of the vessels are
first-rate seagoing craft and all of
them are fitted with small but effective
batteries. Their speed varies from
fourteen to twenty knots.
All officers of the revenue-cutter
service now on duty with the life-sav
ing service are being withdrawn to
day and assigned to duty on the ves
sels ordered to Norfolk. Their orders
are made Immediately effective in
every case, and they will report to the
commanding officers of the ships as
soon as the vessels arrive at Norfolk.
As soon as the cutters are prepared for
service at the Norfolk navy-yard they
will be dispatched to Key West and
placed at the disposal of Commodore
Sampson, in command of the naval
squadron at that station. The cutters
will be employed as scout or picket
boats, and will be prepared for both
offensive and defensive service. It is
thought they will prove to be pretty
formidable ships even .in aggrersive
tactics.
The new revenue cutter McCollaoh
left Baltimore several weeks ago for
duty on the Pacific, going by way of
the Mediterranean Sea and Suez canal.
She is now somewhere in the vicinity of
Singapore, and will be used as a dis
patch boat on the Asiatic station. Un
less present plans are changed, a cable
message will be to her commander
at Singapore, directing her to proceed
to Hongkong and place his vessel and
crew under the command of Commo
dore Dewey, in charge of the naval
forces on the Asiatic station.
Burned by Blazing Oil.
PORTLAND, Or.. March 25.— Miss Min
nie Colette, residing with her sister. Mrs.
John Thorndyke, at Sterling, was serious
ly and perhaps fatally burned yesterday
morning. She was uslne coal oil to start
a fire in the kitchen stove, when an ex
plosion occurred, setting fire to her cloth
ing, which was completely burned off her
body. The attending physician has pro
nounced her injuries fatal.
FIVE VESSELS
AS "FLYERS"
Craft That Will Be Un-
der Command of
Schley.
The Commodore Will Raise
His Flag on the Crack
Cruiser Brooklyn.
Best Ships in the Navy Held in Readi
ness lor Speedy Service on
the Atlantic.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, March 25.
The "flying squadron" was definite
ly established to-day with Commodore
Schley in command. He will hoist
his commodore's flag on the flagship
Brooklyn next Monday. The squadron
is to consist of exactly five ships, de
spite conjectures as to possible ships
that might be added. Those of the
squadron will be the crack armored
cruiser Brooklyn, the battle-ships
Massachusetts and Texas and the cruis
ers Columbia and Minneapolis. Other
ships which are now or will be hereaf
ter at Hampton Roads will not be of
the flying squadron, but will belong to
the North Atlantic station under Cap
tain Sampson. The flying squadron
is to be a small, compact fleet of the
best ships of the navy, for quick ser
vice at any point along the Atlantic.
At the same time the North Atlantic
station, under Captain Sampson, is to
be further augmented. The cruiser
Cincinnati, which left Port Antonio
three days ago under sealed orders, is
to report at Key West and become a
part of Captain Sampson's fleet. The
gunboat Wilmington, also en route
from Port Antonio, will likewise report
to Captain Sampson at Key West, as
well as the gunboat Vicksburg, now at
Hampton Roads. Late to-day the Navy
Department gave out the following
list of vessels, as showing the exact
character of each fleet as it stands to-
day:
The following vessels compose the
North Atlantic squadron: New York,
lowa Indiana, Miantonomah, Fern,
Puritan, Terror, Marblehead, Montgom
ery Delaware, Castine, Nashville, He
lena, Wilmington, Vesuvius, torpedo
boats Foote. Dupont, Erlccson, Cush
ing. Porter, Winslow, tugs Leyden and
Samoset.
The following vessels comprise the
flying squadron: The Brooklyn, Mas
sachusetts, Texas, Minneapolis and Co
lumbia.
JOY OF BASEBALL FANS.
Season in Sacramento to Open With
a Great Flourish.
SACRAMENTO, March 25.— The Pacific
States Baseball League's games will open
here next Sunday, with a great flourish
of trumpets at Snowflake Park. Snow
flake Park, by the way, is the finest base
ball park in California, and. with but two
exceptions. the finest In the United States,
according to the testimony of the East
ern players who have been upon the
grounds. The Gilt Edges, who are in the
Pacific Coast States League, playing in
San Francisco at Central Park, are a
stronger aggregation this year than they
were last year when they defeated the
world-famous Baltimores. They will play
in San Francisco two weeks from next
Sunday. Harvey and Doyle will be the
pitchers, and Stanley catcher; Hennessy,
first base; Hughes second base; Lock
head shortstop; Peoples, third base;
Shan'ihan, center field; Borland, left field,
and Dennie, one of the extra pitchers,
will alternate one of the other pitchers in
right field.
The season in Sacramento will open
with a parade, even' band in the city
having been engaged for the occasion.
CARNIVAL POSTPONED.
Bain Changes the Plans of San Jose
Festival Promoters.
SAN JOSE, March 25.— The Buds and
Blossoms Carnival, which was advertised
for to-morrow, has been indefinitely post
poned. This was decided upon by the
executive committee to-night on account
of the inclement weather.
Greathouse Loses His Job.
YOKOHAMA, March 25.— C. R. Great
house, American adviser to the Korean
Cabinet and official counsel to the Korean
Foreign Office, has been released from
his engagement. The recently dismissed
Russian drill instructors have received
£3300 from the Government of Korea as
Indemnity.
REGARD THE
SITUATION
AS GRAVER
The President and Cabinet
Now Feel That War Is
Drawing Near.
Report of the Naval Court of In
quiry That Spanish Officers
Are Implicated May Hast=
en the Conflict.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 25.
In spite of the assurances given by
a member of the Cabinet to-night that
there are no unusual or startling de
velopments in the Cuban situation, it is
known that the President and his Cab
inet regard the situation as graver than
it has been at any time.
The Naval Court's report of an out
side explosion by a submarine mine and
that the responsibility cannot be fixed
was discounted some time ago, and it
was predicted here that no demand for
indemnity would be made unless it ap
peared conclusively that the Spanish
Government was grossly negligent.
Nevertheless the testimony itself as re
viewed by President McKinley and his
Cabinet to-day is calculated to create
a sensation when it is transmitted to
Congress. The Naval Court states posi
tively that the vessel was destroyed by
an outside explosion (probably a
mine), but does not attempt to locate
the responsibility.
But the testimony of divers and other
witnesses examined by the court is said
to be startling, ami leads to the inev
itable conclusion that Spanish officers
must have had pome knowledge of a de
sign to destroy the Maine, although
they may not have been actual partici
pants. It is considered impossible that
such a terrible engine of destruction
could have been placed under the vessel
and in such close proximity to the
Spanish warship Alphonso XII without
the officers of that vessel being aware
of these operations.
The evidence tends to convict the
Spanish officers aboard the Alphonse
XII and on shore of gross and crim
inal negligence. ' The President and
Cabinet some time ago agreed with E.
J. Phelps, ex-Minister to England, that
no demand for indemnity would be
valid unless the participation of Span
ish officers was proved or unless there
appeared to be gross negligence on
their part. The President and his Cab
inet are apprehensive that when the
evidence is read in the Senate and
House Congress can no longer be
restrained.
Ex-Senator Edmunds was in consul
tation with President McKinley for
two hours this evening. He discussed
the report from a judicial standpoint,
and his opinions are known to be con
sidered highly important by the Presi
dent, as he has been opposed to war
from the first. From the fact that the
President consulted with Mr. Edmunds
it is believed that he is yet considering
Spain's culpability for the disaster or
her liability for indemnity.
It is believed to-night that in view of
the sensational testimony taken by the
court and notwithstanding the court's
failure to fix the responsibility Presi
dent McKinley, fearful of radical ac
tion by Congress, may yet be forced to
make an immediate demand upon
Spain for reparation. For the past few
days it has been thought he might
waive his demand for a money indem
nity and propose merely a policy of
"peaceful intervention" by sending
food and supplies to the suffering Cu
bans, but this plan might be changed.
No decision will be reached, however,
until all of the evidence has been care
fully reviewed by the President. He
will devote all of to-morrow and Sun
day to this and it is expected that the
evidence and report of the court will
be printed at the Government Printing
Office in time for distribution to Con
gress on Monday or Tuesday.
The war feeling is intense to-night.
Crowds gathered to-night at all the
leading hotels, eagerly discussing the
exciting and important news of the
day, and at the principal clubs, notably
at the Army and Navy, zealous offi
cers of both arms of the service talked
enthusiastically of the possibilities of
active participation in war. Nowhere
ADVERTISEMENTS. _ _ _
STEAMER HUMBOLDT
GOES DIRECT TO
-■ ... ' ■":•■■ - :
April 2 from this port on its fourth trip. Large, new, safe vessel. Lowest
fares and highest fare to be found on the water. ,
WE SELL TICKETS
And make special freight ■ allowances.
And secure you the choice of berths while they last.
And sell you a complete outfit, if wanted. '
And make cut rates for large parties to Alaska.
And pay the freight or allow it to Seattle for patrons.
- And do everything: to make connection with us profitable.
And ask you to call or write and talk it over. .
l^m , CASH S TORE,
ML -^Sjvl The Li vest and Liveliest Store in the City
N^^^K t JKT$t^/ We guarantee all the goods we sell — they are money
7*^55???-=*=^/ " : Back. LIBERALITY our, motto. 5 '
25=27 MARKET STREET, S.F.
is the war spirit more rampant than
at the armories of the District of Co
lumbia militia companies. The District
has nearly three thousand militia men,
including her High School Cadets, and
they are all under high pressure, ex
pecting and hoping for an early call to
garrison some of the ports which will
be vacated by the regulars when they
are called to the front. Secretary of
War Alger said this afternoon that the
directions to move all the troops east
of Denver to the Atlantic seaboard
when made would not emanate directly
from Washington, but would be issued
by the departi.ient commanders. If tho
Government - ocides to send troops
from the interior to the seacoast tho
department commanders will be in
structed to forward a certain number,
but will be given full discretion as to
the garrisons from which they will be
detailed. The War Department will
have no advices of orders issued to the
different regiments until the depart
ment commanders make their reports
to Washington detailing the instruc
tions issued from their headquarters.
The revenue cutters, including the
'boats now being completed, are all to
be brought down to tide water as
speedily as possible. Naval officials are
very much pleased with the acquisition
erf the new revenue cutters, as they will
supply a deficiency in torpedo-boat de
stroyers which are needed more than
any other class of vessels at this time.
AH of these vessels are equipped for
torpedo tubes and secondary batteries
of rapid-fire guns, and their speed
ranges from fourteen to twenty knots.
They will be fitted for naval service at
the Norfolk navy yard, where their
armaments are now being sent. They
will be employed at the outset as scout
or picket boats, but in action will turn
their attention to rendering the small
Spanish torpedo boats helpless. The
cuttor McCulloch. now in the vicinity
of Singapore, will be used as a dis
patch boat on the Asiatic station, and
her commanding officer will be directed
to report to Commodore Dewey, now
commanding the naval forces on the
Asiatic station, with headquarters at
Hongkong, where the fleet is assem
bling, presumably for the purpose of
making a demonstration against the
Philippine Islands in case of war.
Viewer] In detail the finding of the
Court of Inquiry was the most vital
feature. Lieutenant-Commander Ma
rix. Judge Advocate of the Court of In
quiry, delivered the report to Secretary
Long early this morning and shortly
afterward it was carried to the White
House and placed in the hands of the
President. At 10:30 the Cabinet as
sembled, half an hour earlier than us
ual, and began consideration of the
momentous document. Even the rigid
rules of secrecy which prevail at Cabi
net meetings were made doubly strict
in this case, and no intimation of the
result reached by the court was known
until 2 o'clock, when a bulletin gave an
information to the country, as well as
to the eagerly waiting officials.
These results briefly stated are that
the loss of the Maine was due to an
explosion from the outside, the court
being unable to fix the responsibility
for the explosion. The court does not
express an opinion as to the character
of the explosion, but the testimony
goes to show that it was a powerful
submarine mine, the exact character of
which is not determined by the testi
mony, though the belief was expressed
that it was a floating submarine mine.
There were two explosions, the court
finds. The first was from the outside
and that set off one of the smaller mag
azines. It was this result, expressed
in detail, and with the precision of a
court deeply cognizant of his respon
sibility, together with the evidence
.upon which it was based, that occu
pied the attention of the Cabinet
throughout its "extended sessions of the
morning and afternoon. All other sub
jects gave way to this foremost ques
tion.
34
BOSS REA'S
FIRST PLAY
FOR TIME
Files a Demurrer to
the Complaint of
Jarman.
Unique Argument by the
Counsel Tor the
Politician.
Declares That He Accused the
Councilman of No
Wrong.
QUEER VIEW ADVANCED.
Holds That in Saying an Official Ac-
C = pted a Bribe He Did.
Not Slander.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 25.— "Jim" R»a
has made his first play for time in the
suit brought against him by J. P. Jar
man for $50,000 damages on a charge of
slander. On the day the suit was com
menced Rea, in an interview he caused
to be published in the Mercury, his
acknowledged organ, declared he would
make no fight for time, but would
gladly meet the issue at the earliest
day. On that same day he denied that
he had used the alleged slanderous
language, yet in the demurrer filed by
his attorneys to-day, after the full
limit of ten days for such filing had ex
pired, no disavowal of the objectionab'e
words is made. After the usual pre
liminary phraseology the demurrer
states:
That said first pretended cause of action
is uncertain in this, to wit: That it
cannot be ascertained therefrom what
steam-roller is referred to or that the
Eaid Common Council of which plaintiff
was \ member ever purchased a su.nn
rolle>, or that any sum of money was
expended for . a steam-roller by said
Common Council, or that the plaintiff aid
wrong in receiving J'.uo. or that there was
anything wrong in taking or receiving $900
or that plaintiff was damaged in his busi
ness or reputation or office at all.
That there is no averment snowing or
tending to show that plaintiff at the
time of the utterance of the words
charged was a Councilman, or that they
affected plaintiff in his office or personally
or at all; that it cannot be ascertained
therefrom to whom the word "you" re
fers; and, further, the language used
shows that the same was addressed to
the plaintiff personally; that there is no
averment that the language used was not
privileged ana not used on a privileged
occasion.
That said second pretended cause of ac
tion is uncertain in this, to wit: That it
cannot be ascertained therefrom what
steam-roller is referred to, or that the
said Common Council of which plaintiff
was a member ever purchased a steam
roller, or that any sum of money was
paid for a steam-roller by said Common
Council, or that plaintiff did wrong in
receiving $900, or that there was anything
wrong in taking or receiving $900. or that
plaintiff was damaged in his business or
reputation or office, or at all.
That there is no averment showing or
tending to show that plaintiff at the time
of the utterance of the words charged
was a Councilman, or that they affected
plaintiff in his omce, or personally, or at
all; that there is no averment that the
language used was privileged and used
on a privileged occasion.
Wherefore defendant prays that plain
tiff lost nothing by reason or his said
action and that he be hence dismissed,
with his costs of suit.
The most remarkable feature of this
document, as pointed out by one of
plaintiff's attorneys, is the reiterated
averment that there is nothing in the
"pretended cause of action" to show
"that the plaintiff did wrong in receiv
ing $900, or that there was anything
■wrong in taking or receiving J300." In
the cause of action it was alleged that
Rea had charged Jarman with receiv
ing a sum of money, while a Council
man, to bring about the purchase of a
steam roller by the city. Such action
on Jarman's part, if it took place, is
declared by Rea through his attor
neys, not to be wrong.
Rea's attorneys are H. V. Morehouse,
F. J. Hambly and D. W. Burchard. Red.
had also engaged the services of F. E.
Spencer, but this gentleman is pros
trated by a severe illness and is unable
to attend to any business whatever. D.
M. Delmas of San Francisco has been
retained by the plaintiff in addition to
A. H. Jarman and E. A. Wilcox of this
city.
From every appearance this cas?,
when brought to trial, will prove one
of the most bitterly contested and sp?i
sational ever tried in the State. The
demurrer will be argued Monday after
noon before Judge Kittredge.
RUNAWAY ACCIDENT .
AT PACIFIC GROVE.
A Grandniece of General Vallejo
Thrown From a Carriage and
Injured.
MONTEREY. March 25.— Miss Rose Ab
rego. a prominent society young 1 lady of
Monterey, was seriously injured yester
day in a carriage accident and is now en
during great suffering as a consequence.
Miss Abrego and Mrs. F. C. Botch were
driving a pair of pinies on Lighthouse
avenue in Pacific Grove when a horse at
tached to a hay cart became frightened
and dashed into their team before they
could turn out of the way. Some bystand
ers rushed to the rescue and the ladies
got out of the phaeton as .iiiickly as pos-
Blble. Miss Abrego was, however, in her
alarmed state of mind a little too hasty
and in .lumping from the phaeton alight
ed in such a way as to cause a double
fracture of her ankle joint, besides badly
epralnir.g her foot. Her physicians hope
there will be no serious results, but say
an injury of the kind is always an ugly
one to den! with.
Miss Abrego belongs to two of the
prominent old families of this historic
town. She is the granddaughter of the
late Don Jose Abrego, and through her
mother, who was a Leese, is grandriiece
to that celebrated Californian, General
Vallejo.
MONTEREY'S NAVAL RESERVE.
Forty-Seven Youths Have Alreauy
Joined the Battalion.
MONTEREY. March 25.— The Monterey
Naval Reserve Battalion, now being
formed, has already enlisted forty-seven
men and as many more will probably
join. It will act as an independent di
vision of the State Naval Reserve until
next January, when it will bo mustered
Into the Naval Battalion of the National
Guard. Lieutenant Lasher, U. S. N., has
volunteered to drill the boys In naval tac
tics, and Captain M. P. Seeley, U. S. A.,
retired, will attend to their military
training. A number of the leading citi
zens are taking steps to secure a training
ship for the station in Monterey harbor.
It is proposed to allow the Santa , Cruz
division of the Naval Reserve to have
part use of the training ship.
TWO CANADIANS
ARE SLAIN BY AN
ENRAGED MOOSE
Frenchmen in Search of Fresh Meat At
tack a Bull With Knives and Are
Trampled to Death.
BOSTON, March 25.-A story reached here to-day from Sheridan
Plantation, Aromee County, Maine, near the Canada border of the
killing of two Frenchmen. Labonte and Perieux, by an infuriated bull
moose, Ajhich they attacked with camp knives. Labonte. Perieux and
a boy heard the bellowing of a moose, which came tearing through
the brush toward them. He halted within a rod of the camp door
Labonte and Perieux ran into the cabin, armed themselves with long
carving knives and started for the moose in high glee, as they had
been without meat for a fortnight, the animal awaiting their'com
ing Labonte reached him first and thrust the knife at his throat.
The blow was misdirected and Labonte plunged headlong into the
snowdrift, having inflicted but a flesh wound. Labonte s knife slipped
from his grasp, and with a lightning stroke of the bull s front hoofs
Labonte's skull was laid bare and the moose trampled upon him.
Perieux rushed to Labonte's aid and drove his knife into the body of
the bull almost to the hilt. With a sudden spring the moose leaped
on Perieux and threw him into the soft dirt, where he trampled him
to death. The cries of the two men hurried the boy to the scene,
revolver in hand. The moose paused for an instant in pawing his vic
tims, and the frightened boy, after firing one shot ran into the cabin
and barred the door. When the wounded moose had trampled the life
out of the two men he wandered off into the woods and the boy went
to the scene of the slaughter of his companions. Their faces were
stripped bare of flesh, and both skulls fractured by the pounding of
razor-edged hoofs.
LEONARD DIES
BY THE ROPE
Murderer of Old Jacob
Malquist Hanged
at Colfax.
Beat Out the Brains of a Man
Eighty-Five Years of
Age.
One Thousand People Witness the
Avenging of His Awful
Crime.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLFAX, March 25.— The execution
of John Leonard for the murder of Ja
cob Malquist at Texas Ferry occurred
this afternoon in the presence of fully
1000 people. Leonard was brought from
the jail and ascended the scaffold unas
sisted at 1:18 o'clock. Father Kearns.
at the request of Leonard, read a short
final statement, protesting his inno
cence of willful murder. At 1:21 Leon
ard stepped on the trap, shook hands
with the officers and a few others. At
1:24 a vc-iee called out "Good-by, Jack,"
and Leonard responded in clear tones,
"Good-by. Charley." As the last word
left his lips the trap was sprung and
Leonard dropped six feet. The body re
bounded slightly, but not a movement
of the muscles was noticeable. After
the body hung sixteen minutes Leonard
was pronounced dead by the attending
physicians. The body was at once
taken in charge by Father Kearns and
conveyed to the cemetery, where fun
eral exercises were held.
The crime for which John Leonard
suffered the death penalty was com
mitted at Texas Ferry on Snake River,
on July IS. 1896, in the saloon of his vic
tim, Jacob Malquist, a Swede, 85 years
of age. It was shown at the trial that
Leonard beat out Malquisfs brains from
behind, though he claimed that Mal
ouist first drew a revolver on him and
he was compelled in self-defense to
strike his assailant with a club. There
were no- witnesses to the tragedy and
Leonard made his escape, but as soon
as the murder was discovered a posse
was organized and he was captured a
short distance from Texas Ferry. He
admitted the killing, but said it was
done In self-defense.
Leonard was tried, found guilty and
sentenced to be hanged on October 9,
1896. An appeal was taken to the Su
preme Court, but the judgment of the
lower court was affirmed and Leonard
again sentenced to- death on July 2. He
was granted a stay of execution by the
Governor and an appeal to the Su
preme Court was taken. The court
again refused a new trial, and the de
fendant was resentenced to hang on
March 25, 1898.
Leonard was 37 years old, a barber
by trade and served two terms in the
penitentiary at Walla Walla, having
been released from the penitentiary
on the day he killed Malquist. Mal
quist for thirty years was employed on
steamboats in various capacities and
was known to all steamboat men on
the upper Columbia and Snake rivers.
CHANGES IN MONTEREY
BA¥'S CONFORMATION.
Portion of the Harbor Made Deeper
by the Action of the Ocean
Wash.
MONTEREY, March 25.— A recent dis
covery regarding the bay of Monterey is
rather startling and is causing much con
jecture among those who have been in
formed of it. J. W. H. James, the Lon
don civil engineer and railroad expert,
who is here examining Monterey harbor
in the interest of London capitalists, has
found that the ocean wash is throwing
the sand to the northeast side of the bay,
and has so widened and deepened the har
bor that the latest United States Govern
ment maps are entirely Incorrect. This
discovery is corroborated by MontereVs
veteran fisherman, Antonio Pisanni. Pi
sanni alleges that the water at the end
of the old Government mole has deepened
from four to six fathoms In the last twen
ty years and that the beach beyond Del
Monte has widened correspondingly. The
comparatively recent formation of the
sandhills at Seaside, the little town across
the bay from here, is also said to have
been caused by the ocean wash.
But One Favorite Wins.
NEW ORLEANS, March 23.— Aunt Bird
was the only winning favorite to-day.
The weather was cloudy and the track
fast.
One mile selling. The Moncn won. Tachus, sec
ond. Tessle L third. Time. 1:424.
Six furlongs. Minnie Weldon won. Ferryman
II second. . Nover third. Time. 1:14.
One mile, selling, Dorothy 111 won. Mount
Washington second, Glenraoyne third. Time,
1:41.
One and an eighth miles, What Next won.
Judge Stpadman second, Robert Bonner third.
Time, 1:55.
Six furlongs. Aunt Bird won, Blltheful sec
ond, Correlli third. Time. 1:14 H.
Seven furlongs, Henrlca won. Hats Oft sec
ond. Hums third. Time, I:2S.
Boss to Lecture at Woodland.
WOODLAND, March 25.— Professor E.
A. Rosa of Stanford University will lec
ture here Saturday evening, March 26. on
the subject of "Mob Mind and Degener
ation."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 26, 1898.
THIRD PARTY
FORCES SPLIT
Oregon Populists Divided
Into Two Warring
Factions.
Nearly a Score of iDele
gates Leave the Conven
tion Hall.
Not in Accord With the Joint Plat
form Adopted by the Free
Siiverites.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, March 25.— The joint
conference committee from the Popu
list, Democratic and Free Silver Re
publican State conventions to-day
unanimously agreed upon a platform
Which was reported to the respective
conventions and adopted. When the
vote adopting the platform was an
nounced in the Populist convention, 18
middle-of-the-road delegates left the
hall.
The platform demands the free and
unrestricted coinage of silver and gold
at the present legal ratio of 16 to 1,
without waiting for the consent of for
eign nations, and is unalterably op-
posed to the financial policy of the
present Republican administration and
especially the avowed attempt to fas
ten the country irrevocably and for
ever to the single gold standard. It
declares for a national money, safe and
sound, issued by the general Govern
ment only, without the intervention of
banks of issue, to be a full legal tender
for all debts, public and private; also
a just, equitable and efficient means
of distribution direct to the people
through the lawful disbursements of
the Government.
It demands that the volume of circu
lating medium be speedily increased to
an amount sufficient to meet the de
mands of the business and population
'jf this country and to restore the Just
level of prices of labor and produc
tion.
The platform favors such legislation
as will prevent for the future the de
monetization of any kind of legal ten
der money by private contract; it de
mands that the Government in pay
ment of its obligations shall use its
option as to the kind of lawful money
in which they are to be paid, and de
nounces the present and preceding ad
ministrations for surrendering this op
tion to the holders of Government ob
ligations. It further demands that
there shall be no further issue of
United States interest-bearing: bonds;
that postal savings banks be estab
lished by the Government; that United
States Senators be elected by direct
vote of the people.
The platform finally demands the in
itiative and referendum system of law
making in its optional form, and con
demns as dangerous and unjust the
surrender in all departments of th*»
Government to the influence of trusts,
corporations and aggregations of
wealth generally and the packing of
the courts of the land with corporation
lawyers.
On the taxation of corporation prop
erty, which caused the split in the
Populist convention, the platform
says:
"Inasmuch as railroad and other cor
poration property is not bearing Its
proportion of taxation, we demand that
such property shall bear its just and
equal share of expense of goverm
ment."
SWINDLER JACKSON
IN RIVERSIDE JAIL
Proclaims His Innocence and Says
Alleged Victims Will Regret
His Arrest.
RIVERSIDE, March 25.— Sheriff John
son returned to-day from Denver, having
in charge D. T. Jackson, who, with M.
W. Clay, is accused of having swindled
I. Witherspoon and other mine owners of
this county out of a large sum of money
by falsely representing that he was a
capitalist who wanted to buy mines.
Jackson was arrested at Denver on a
telegram from the Sheriff. He offered no
objection to returning. He is cool and
uncommunicative and says he is not guil
ty, and that those who sent for him will
wish they had not done so before the
matter is settled. When arraigned in
court to-day, he asked one day's time
in which to plead and his examination
will take place to-morrow.
Clay, who was Jackson's partner, has
not been apprehended yet. When last
heard of he was in Kansas City, but the
officers there have not been able to lo
cate him. Clay is wanted very badly by
the victims of the pair, for he is ring
leader. He is believed by officers here to
have gone to Mexico.
Califomians in New York.
NEW YORK, March 25.— J. Powers of
San Francisco is at the Stuart. Mr. and
Mrs. Elliott McAllister, Mr/ and Mrs. Eu
gene Michels, Mr. and Mrs. A. Marquis.
Mrs. M. Rosenthal, Mrs. L. Mesmer and
MlssElizoMessmer, of San Farnclsco, and
Mrs. Anna Ingraham of Los Angeles have
sailed on the steamship Normania for
Hamburg. Frederick Dakin and Mr. Lo
ran of San Francisco have gone to Paris.
To-night Clarence H. Mackay gave a the
ater party at Daly's Theater in honor of
his fiancee, Miss Katherine Duer. The
party numbered fifty.
SUSPICION
OF MURDER
AT DAWSON
Death of Mrs. Jessen
Was Not Due to
Accident.
Belief That She Was Mur
dered, Perhaps by
Her Husband.
Course of the Bullet Gives the
Lie to the Theory He
Advances.
CRAZY MOTHER'S CRIME.
With a Hatchet a Douglas Island
Woman Fatally Injures Her
Babes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, March 25.— Dawson advices
received here via Juneau state that the
killing- of Mrs. Jessen at Dawson last
month is an affair that is viewed with
great suspicion by residents there. Ac
cording to the story told by her hus
band, the occurrence was accidental
and was caused by a revolver falling
from a shelf and being discharged by
striking a table, the bullet passing
through the head of Mrs. Jessen. who
was standing close by. It is said, how
ever, that the course of the ball indi
cates that the shot was fired from a
point level with her head, passing from
the back to the front and striking a
mirror before which she was standing,
the points of entrance and exit of the
skull and of striking the glass being so
nearly on a horizontal plane as to pre
clude the possibility of the shot having
been fired from so low a point as a ta
ble top. The matter was being inves
tigated when Mail Carrier Atwa
ter's party left, and the general be
lief existed that Mrs. Jessen was mur
dered.
On Sunday morning the residents of
Douglas Island, near Juneau, were hor
rified to learn that in a fit of insanity-
Mrs. A. Aldrich, residing with her fam
ily near Mexican Mine, had attempted
to take the lives of her four children
by striking them upon the heads with
a hatchet, inflicting wounds which are
expected to prove fatal in the cases of
two or three of them.
Mrs. Aldrich has for six years past
exhibited symptoms of mental aberra
tion, but as there were no apparent
tendencies toward violence it was not
thought necessary to place her under
restraint. The affliction grew, however,
and culminated in the attempt made
upon the lives of her little ones during
the absence of her .husband, who works
in a blacksmith-shop at Mexican Mine.
He was required to work on Sunday,
but left home later than usual. He had
scarcely gone when Mrs. Aldrich went
to the woodshed, obtained a hatchet,
and on returning struck each child sev
eral times on the head. Their little
hands, put up to defend themselves,
Were badly cut, and two of the babes
wre rendered unconscious.
While striking them Mrs. Aldrich ut
tered terrific screams. These, with the
cries of the children, attracted the at
tention of the neighbors some distance
away, who rushed in and disarmed the
crazed mother. Mrs. Aldrich was taken
to Juneau and is now at St. Ann's Hos
pital. The children— the eldest six
years old and the youngest but seven
weeks— are said to be in a very pre
carious condition.
This case emphasizes Alaska's need
of an asylum for the proper treatment
of insanity cases. The matter is being
agitated at Juneau, and efforts will be
made to have the national Government
provide for this need when new Fed
ral buildings are erected there. There
have been a number of violent cases of
insanity at Juneau during the last
year, several of which have been
brought to the Steilacoom Asylum near
Tacoma. Incidental to this year's rush,
all Alaska towns are considered certain
of having numerous insanity cases to
deal with.
The bark Richard 111, which has been
discharging at Skaguay for three
weeks, started on Sunday for the re
turn trip to the Sound. While her crew
was pulling the anchor aboard Sailor
Joe McDonald, said to be from San
Francisco, fell over her bow. His head
struck the fluke of the anchor as he
went down and he was killed. The
vessel did not stop to recover his body.
FLORAL BEAUTY
IN THE PARADE
All San Rafael Ready to Labor
for the Success of the
Carnival.
Pageant of the Opening Day Will
Contain Many Novel
Features.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, March 25.— The mam
moth parade that is to mark the opening
day of the great flower festival to be held
in San Rafael will consist of features
planned upon a broad and magnificent
scale. Besides the carriages decorated
with myriads of roses, the floats are to
be a feature representing all that is beau
tiful in nature. The bicycle clubs are
arranging to take part, and the wheels
in the parade will be profusely decorated
with roses and flowers of orange, green
and white, the carnival colors. The fire
men. Native Sons, Foresters and other
organizations have expressed tht-mselves
as heartily in favor of the two days
fete, and they will parade and supply
suitable floats.
The committee having the programme
in charge is hard at work and will an
nounce its plans at a meeting to be held
next Tuesday night. The finance com
mittee will commence work as soon as it
is determined how great an amount of
money is. necessary to carry its plans to
successful fruition.
Failure of Hotel -Keepers.
SAN JOSE, March 25.— Hirsch & Schlen
ker. proprietors of the Pacific and New
York Exchange hotels, to-day filed a pe
tition in insolvency. Their liabilities ag
gregate $15,000, and consist principally of
borrowed money and notes secured by the
furniture of the hostelries. The assets
are $7500 worth of furniture and fixtures,
and $7172 worth of book accounts. De
pression in business, high rents and bad
debts are given as the causes of the fail
ure.
PRISONER FOR
HOURS IN THE
PALACE HOTEL
Capitalist Nevills Accused
of Having Held a Man
Captive in His Rooms.
FRESNO, March 25.— John E Azhdarian has brought suit against
Capitalist W. A. Nevills for $25,000 damages for keeping him a prisoner
for two hours n the Palace Hotel in San Francisco last Monday.
The complaint is short and interesting. Azhdarian alleges that on
the 21st day of March, 1898, at the Palace Hotel, in the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, the defendant imprisoned the
plaintiff and deprived him of his liberty for the space of two hour 3, un
lawfully and by means of force and threats, violence and the use of
deadly Weapons and without any probable cause, against said plaintiff's
will and consent to great damage, to wit: To damage in the sum of $25,
000.
M. H. Azhdarian, Nevills 1 late foreman in this city and a brother of
the plaintiff, had a contract, whereby Nevills was toadvancehim $10,000
to build an opera-house at Jamestown. The capitalist failed to keep
the agreement. M. H. Azhdarian went to San Francisco to see Nevills
and was accompanied by his brother, the plaintiff in this suit. M. H.
Azhdarian was to deliver to Nevills deeds to certain lots in Jamestown
and also a life Insurance policy. Azhdarian went ahead and let the
contract and work on the building went on for two weeks, when
Nevills notified Azhdarian that he would not advance the money.
Nevills' ex-foreman then consulted Attorney George E. Church, and
was advised to make "Nevills a tender of the deeds and the insurance
policy, and it was for that purpose that Azhdarian went to San Fran
cisco, asking his brother to accompany him, probably as a witness.
At 11 o'clock on Monday Nevills sent for M. H. Azhdarian, and John
E. Azhdarian also went up to the room in the Palace Hotel. Accord
ing to the Azhdarians, Detective John Curtin was in the room and Nev
ills very soon became abusive. M. H. Azhdarian claims that Nevills
struck him c-n the head with a poker, inflicting a gash, and also drew
a pistol upon him several times. Curtin, he claims, was egging the
capitalist on, but when the latter would draw his pistol the detective
would step between him and Azhdarian. Azhdarian declares that
Nevills insisted upon him signing a paper, which the ex-foreman re
fused to do. He says he does not know the purport of the documents.
After two hours the Azhdarians were allowed to go their way.
John E. Azhdarian, so far as appears from the story, was merely de
tained, but he wants $25,000 an hour for it. M. H. Azhdarian claims
he was ill at the time and when he returned he had two physicians
examine a gash in his head.
It is reported M. H. Azhdarian also will sue Nevills.
TONS OF GOLD
FROM DAW SON
Returned Klondikers Es
timate the Output at
$40,000,000.
Tell of an Increasing Stam
pede to the American Side
of the Line.
Single Nugget Valued at $9000 Re
cently Found on El Dorado
Creek.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. Mar. 25.— The steam
ship Pakshan, which arrived from
Skaguay, Alaska, to-day, ha 1 among
her passengers four men direct from
Dawson City. They were J. F. Den
ham of San Francisco, B. Lung of Ta
coma, D. Lasalle of Leadville and C.
A. Goodwin of Los Angeles.
They repor' a stampede for the
American side below American Creek.
This section, they c 1c 1 m. will beat the
Klondike. Pay dirt is more easily di
vided and is shallower. A nine thou
sand dollar nugget hat, been found on
El Dorado Creek, they say. It is esti
mated by them that forty million dol
lars in gold w 11 be brought out this
season. In speaking of the finding of
the nine thousand dollar nugget. Good
win said:
"That sounds like a tall story, I
know, but it is a fact. The nugget has
considerable quartz mixed with it and
is as big as a small pail."
The owner's name, Mr. Goodwin
said, was being kept dark, as he hoped
to get it out intact without paying
royalty on it. Other rich strikes have
been kept secret for a similar reason.
The p*arty left Dawson on February
15. In recounting the events of the
journey Goodwin said that for the first
600 miles the cold was intense and trav
eling extremely difficult. At the con
fluence of the Stewart and Yukon riv
ers they met the northwest mounted
police detachment with 700 pounds oL'
mail.
Goodwin says that at a very conser
vative estimate at least twenty tons
of gold will be brought out in June,
when navigation opens. The country
around Dawson was black with smoke
from fires burning to thaw the frozen
ground. Claims were frequently chang
ing hands. Quite recently the Healy
company had paid "Nigger Jim" $225,
000 for three claims on Bonanza Creek.
Claims on Bear and Dominion creeks,
on the Indian and Klondike rivers, re
spectively, had been sold as high as
$20,000. On Hunker Creek $20,500 had
been paid for a half-interest by a man
named Elliott, and $40,000 for a whole
claim. "Skiff". Mitchell, owner of No.
1 Eldorado, was buying several claims
on Hunker at a high figure when they
left. In Dawson $60 a cord was the
price paid for wood.
Before the party left many reports
were coming in of the richness of Clar
ence Berry's claims on the hillside of
El Dorado. Reports were also being
received every day of rich finds on
American Creek, on the American side.
Rosebud Creek was drawing much at
tention.
None of the party brought out much
actual dust, as drafts could be ob
tained at Dawson for gold at $15 50 an
ounce, and very few would pack dust
under these circumstances.
Winters' Incendiary Fires.
WOODLAND. March 25.— District Attor
ney Hopkins has gone to' Winters to make
an investigation concerning recent fires
that occurred in that town. They have
been so numerous and have occurred un
der such conditions as to arouse the sus
picion that an organized gang of firebugs
is operating in that vicinity. \\ ithin two
or three weeks the Judy Brothers have
lost a barn and a lot of hay. Mr. Harri
man has lost a barn and a lot of hay and
a very mysterious fire has occurred in
Lovongood's saloon. The investigation
has been undertaken at the request of
many citizens.
Joe Blackburn Paralyzed.
WASHINGTON, March 25.— Ex-Senator
J. S. Blackburn of Kentucky suffered a
stroke of paralysis of the heart here this
morning. At 3 o'clock Blackburn had re
gained consciousness and his friends
thought there was no doubt of his com
plete recovery. The attack was brought
on by a bad spell of indigestion.
EASTERN MEN
IN RETREAT
Beaten by Coast Jobbers
They Depart From
Del Monte.
Freight Bureau Then Takes
Up the Question of Rate
Differentials.
This and the Matter of Freight Group
ing Are Put Over for Further
Consideration.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DEL MONTE, March 25.— Johnson,
Wait and Vanlandingham, the three I
wise men from the East who came, j
saw and were defeated, packed their]
trunks early this morning, and. fol- i
lowing the example of Longfellow's
Arab, quietly stole away from the
scene of their slaughtered hopes and '
went to San Francisco, where they will :
remain for a few days before return- !
ing to their homes.
With the departure of these gentle
men the excitement which has charac
terized the last few days died away i
and the San Francisco delegation of j
merchants went out driving, while the |
railroad mon went In to meet and talk j
over in a preliminary way the matter !
of carload and less than carload rates,
which was the first the matter to be ;
considered at the morning session.
The discussion on this subject was
of a general character and the matter
was finally laid on the table for fur
ther consideration, without any defin
ite action being taken.
The second thing to be considered
was the matter of freight classification
and groupings. This was treated in
the same manner as the previous ques
tion.
SAYS ENGLAND OFFERS
LITTLE PROTECTION.
West Indian Sugar Grower Decides
to 1 Invest in American
Soil.
i NEW YORK, March 25.— Quintin Hogg,
founder of the-Loudon Polytechnic Insti
tute and a large sugar grower in the
West Indies, was a passenger on the
White Star steamship Germanic, which
arrived to-day from Liverpool. He left
at once for Louisiana, where he contem
plates buying 11,000 acres of -sugar , cane
land thirty miles from New Orleans. He
expects to devote about $750,000 to the en
te He r> declared that the British Govern
ment afforded no protection to the West
Indian sugar growers, who were unable
to compete, In conseauence, with the
growers on American, French and Ger
man soil. The protection granted : By these
Governments. Mr. Hogg said,^»ad in i the
form of a bounty or .a' 4 tariff/;"' :He ! will
equip his proposed plantation in Louisi
ana with machinery of the meat modern
type, and will probably erect .'bouses for
his employes on the place.X^gSfs" 1
— • '~^'
SONOMA'S CAMPAIGN.
Municipal Ownership of a Water j
System Is the Issue.
SONOMA, March 25.— Elections for city
officers will be held here on April 11. Two
tickets have been filed with the City
Clerk. The proposition to bond the town
for a municipal system of water works
has been agitated for the past two years,
but owing to a lawsuit before the Su
preme Court affecting the issuing of
bonds it was never put to a vote. But
now an election to decide that question
has been called for April 26. It is upon
this issue that the fight is being made.
The nominees made by the opponents to
the water system are as follows: For
Trustees— George Breitenbach. H. Weyl
and J. E. Poppe. The candidates in fa
vor of the bonds are: Dr. H. H. Davi<;
F. T. Duhring and G. S. Harris. The as
pirants for Clerk are R. A. Poppe and
Joseph H. Albertson. G. H. H. Cornel
ius, the candidate for Treasurer, has no
opponent.
BEAR FLAG HERO'S FATE.
Found Dying and Destitute in a
Cabin in the Hills.
ST. HELENA, March 25.-Robert A.
Spencer, a pioneer and member of Cap
tain John Grigsby's company erf Fre
mont's Battalion during the Bear Flag
War, was found dying in destitution at i
his cabin in the hills and was removed I
to the County Infirmary, where he ex- '•
pired this morning.
WANT AND
DESOLATION
IN ITS PATH
Great Misery Follows
Floods Along the
Ohio.
Hundreds of Homes Are
Inundated by the
Angry Waters.
The Greatest Damage Has Been
Done to Dwellings at Dayton
and Zanesville.
MANY AIDED BY CHARITY.
Railroads Yet Suffer From Washouts
and Carry On Traffic by Mak
ing Detours.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, March 25.— A1l over
the Ohio Valley the sun has shone to
day and the sky to-night is clear £fnci
the weather mild. As far as terror and
loss of life are concerned, that is all over
in the interior or tributaries of the
Ohio. But want and desolation in tho
track of the storm are sadly manifest.
The greatest damage to homes seems
to have been at Dayton and Zanesville.
In these two places hundreds of fami
lies have been driven from their homes
and made dependent on public charity,
which has been bounteously bestowed.
In Dayton one building association ha*
a mortgage on 200 inundated houses.
Many of the occupants will lose their
homes if not helped. In Zanesville 900
families are being fed by public charity.
The Ohio River is rising at all points
from Piirksburg to Cairo. At Cincin
nati at 10 o'clock to-night the stage
was 53 3-10 feet, a rise of four-tenths of
a foot in four hours, which rate is
maintained. The railroad situation is
improved. The Cincinnati, Hamilton
and Dayton reaches Detroit and To
ledo by detours. The F.ig Four is open,
except the Whitewater Valley division.
The Erie comes and goes by detours.
The Baltimore and Southwestern is
detouring east and west, the same as
yesterday, 'lhe Pennsylvania is op?n
everywhere. All other roads are intact.
Merchants are moving goods from cel
lars. The Grand Central depot will not
be used to-morrow, on a:count of
flooded tracks. A stage of 55 feet will
be reached here.
Army Reorganization Bill.
WASHINGTON', March 25.— Chairman
Hull of the Military Affairs Committee
said to The Call correspondent to-night
that other important matters had pre
vented the consideration of the army re
organization bill, but that it would l;a
taken up next week for consideration.
Nature has a large heart, and she endow-:
us bountifully when she launches us on earw.
But many men do not respect her gifts as
they ought to do. They seem to believe that
she will always respond when called on for
great vitality. She cannot. The time comes
when she refuses to be stimulated, and then
the result is shown in a small or weakened
growth of what should be a perfect man.
This abuse of the privileges bestowed often
leads to despair on the part of those who
have been foolish. They fear, their hands
and legs tremble, and the fact is ever present
with them that they are puny. Some have no
hope of recovery, but they can never have
heard of the very great work which "Hudyan"
has dene. It restores all the organs of the
body to a sound and healthy condition and
make s up for the wrong men do themselves.
As nearly as possible this is what occurs :
3G Trembling hands an* knees.
8 And unhealthy organs.
S INcar despair.
jj? "* Hudyan " is used.
ri Firm limbs and healthy organs. , : ,
If you feel in any way that you are becom-
ing weakened you should seek the assistance
which you will acknowledge is valuable be-
yond anything else in the world. "Hudyan"
will restore you to that plane of complete
health that was your proud possession once, i
1 The fact must be borne in mind that it can ba^
had nowhere but from the Hudsonian doctors.
I Write and ask for free circulars giving you
j full particulars as to its great power. If you
! have time drop a note to the doctors and you
\ will get the best medical advice without
• having to spend a cent. If your teeth are
I loosening, if your hair is falling out, if your
\ mouth has little ulcers, or if you have any
I reason to suspect blood taint in any stage,
ask for "30-Oay Blood Cure" circulars.
They are free as well. The benefits offered
you by the Institute are indeed
LARGE.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
ETOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STB.,
San Francisco.RESISTED BY
THE MINORITY
Slow Progress on the
Naval Appropria
tion Bill.
Carter of Montana Tries in Vain
to Make a Speech Against
the Measure.
Speaker Reed Has Many Encounters
With Filibusters, but Is Up
held by the Majority.
Call Office, Ripgs House,
Washington, March 25.
The stirring scenes of the Fifty-first
Congress, when members of the minor
ity were charging down the aisles pro
testing against the rules of Speaker
Reed, were recalled to-day in the tur
bulent protests made by the minority
against the ruling of the chair during
the consideration of the naval appro
priation bill. The ruling in effect com
pelled members to confine their re
marks, under the iive-minute rule, to
the subject before the House and was
made against Hartman (811. It.) of
Montana, who attempted to make a po
litical speech. The ruling was de
nounced as a usurpation and appeal
after appeal was taken. When all else
failed, every expedient was resorted to
to block progress with the bill. As a
result but lour pages were disposed
of.
Before the bill was taken up for
amendment Foss ili.i "f Illinois, a
member of the Naval Committee, made
a general speech in advocacy of the
policy of building up a strong and
powerful navy. The eyes of the Amer
ican ]■■ . pi . he said, were lixed upon
the American navy, the defender of the
living and guardian of the honor of
the dead. If an emergency was upun
us the American navy was ready to
meet it. With glowing words he paid
an eloquent tribute to me brilliant
achievements of our navy in the Revo
lutionary war, the war of 1812 and the
war of the rebellion, eulogizing the
deeds of John Paul Jones, Decatur,
Perry. Porter, Farragut ;;nd Dupont.
He then described the decay of the
navy after the war and the rebuilding
of t lie new navy, which began under
tarles Chandler and Whitney.
Bartholdt <R.) of Missouri said that
Borne European papers and theirechoes
in this country said that the foreign
born citizens of this country would be
a menace to the United States in case
of war with a foreign country. He re
sented this in the strongest possible
manner. The flag of the United States
■was the flag of its adopted citizens.
Hartman created the diversion which
caiis.'d the blocking of business during
the rest of the day by delivering a five
minute speech, satirizing the Republi
can party, and when, under cover of
a second pro forma amendment, he at
tempted to proceed. Boutelle called him
to order. He made the point that
Hartman's remarks were not pertinent
to the amendment. A lively parlia
mentary wrangle followed, when th
chair sustained a point of order.
After the debate on appeal had ru
on for an hour, Boutelle moved to clos
the debate on th< appeal. Instantly
point of order was made against Bou
telle's motion, which was overrule*
Party feeling ran high. The vote wa
taken on Boutelle's motion to close de
bate on the appeal and carried— lll t
The vote then came upon the appeal
from the decision of the chair, and the
chair was sustained — 120 to 92.
Hartman then changed his tactics
and arose to a point of personal privi
lege.
Dingley made the point that no ques
tion of personal privilege could be rais
ed in committee of the whole. Pending
a decision upon Dingley's point of or
der Hartman was allowed to proceed,
but Payne objected, whereupon, with
flushed face, Hartman shouted out that
he would refuse to be intimidated by
the gentleman from Maine.
Thereupon Payne called him to or
der and the chair ordered him to take
hi? seat.
Bailey moved that he be allowed to
"proceed in order." The motion was
opposed by the majority and defeated
—91-110,
The minority then inaugurated a fili
buster, demanding a vote by tellers on
the pro forma amendment to which
llartman had been speaking.
Payne made the point that the de
mand was dilatory, and was sustained.
The chair also sustained a similar point
against an appeal. A moment later,
when another demand was made for
tellers and !t was denied. Bailey de
nounced the ruling. "If you do not per
mit us to verify the count," he de
clared, "you destroy the last safeguard
of the minority. A dishonest man In
the chair, and there have been dishon
est men In the chair, could defeat the
will of this Hnuse. I am frank to say
that my purpose in inaugurating this
filibuster was to consume twice as
much time as you denied the gentleman
from Montana, and I intend to do it
every time you deny a reasonable de
mand." (Democratic applause.)
Denunciatory speeches were made by
McMlilin (D.) of Tennessee and Bland
(D.) of Missouri, and the scenes of ex
citement and confusion were reminis
cent of the sensational days of the
Fifty-first Congress.
The chair finally announced that
he did not desire to deprive any mem
ber of a right honestly demanded. If
the gentleman from Texas would state
that the demand for tellers was made
In good faith he would entertain the
demand.
"I repel as an insult," retorted
Bailey, "that demand from the occu
pant of the chair. The chair has no
right to ask me to disclose my motive,
and you and all the power behind you
cannot compel me to say what my mo
tives are." (Democratic applause.)
Thereupon the chair insisted upon
his ruling, and the reading of the bill
proceeded. At the end of the first para
graph read, Hartman again offered a
pro forma amendment, and after some
prefatory remarks In denunciation of
what he characterized as an attempt
to "throttle free speech," was proceed
ing with the speech he began hours
before, when he was again called to
order.
llartman was requested to take his
Ff-at, while the confusion and parlia
mentary struggle went on. At last
Bailey moved that Hartman be per
mitted to explain. The motion was de
feated by a vote of 10* to 116.
Debate was then closed on the para
graph, and as soon as the next para
graph was read, with a dozen Demo
crats on their feet demanding recogni
tion, the chair recognized Boutelle, who
moved that all debate on the para
graph be closed.
"How can debate be closed before It
is begun?" asked "Williams (D.) of Mis
sissippi, amid laughter.
The turbulent scenes continued the
remainder of the day, the minority re
sisting every step in the progress of
the bill. Only four pages were disposed
of.
After the committee rose Pearson
(R.) of North Carolina denied a charge
made by a North Carolina paper that
he had abused the franking privilege.
At 5:05 the House adjourned.
CHINA SAID TO
HAVE YIELDED
Has Virtually Acceded to
the Demands of
Russia.
Czar's Minions Order Mongo
lians to Get Out of
Port Arthur.
Mandarins and Soldiers Are Bolting
Psllmell With Their
Eaggago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PEKING, March 25.— The Tsung LI
Yamen, it is said, have notified the
Russian Charge d'Affalres that China
virtually accedes to the Russian de
mands.
LONDON, March 26.— The Russians,
according to a special dispatch from
Shanghai, have ordered the Chinese to
have Port Arthur. The Mandarins and
soldiers are bolting pell mell, with their
baggage to Cheefoo, Niu Chwang and
Taku.
The Peking correspondent of the
Times explains that his statement of
Thursday as to the concession to Rus
sia of a twenty- five year lease of
Talien Wan as an open port, should
have read as an ice-free port. He adds:
At the Tsung Li Yamen (Chinese
Foreign Office) yesterday (Thursday)
conditions were agreed upon respecting
the Talien Wan lease. Russia agrees
that the port shall be open to ships and
the commerce of the whole world, with
a customs tariff similar to that of a
Chinese treaty port, although its ad
ministration and collection will be the
same as at any other Russian port.
YOKOHAMA, March 25.— A report
that Japan has requested Russia to
evacuate Port Arthur finds credence in
the Japanese press, which regards the
recall of M. Alexieff, the Russian cus
toms agent at Seoul, as a sign that
Russia has changed her policy in re
gard to Korea.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
Secretary Wilson Recognizes the Ne
cessity of Moving Southern
California Cattle.
WASHINGTON, March 25.— Senator
i Perkins and Jamos R. Hebbron of Sail
■ nas, assisted by Senator Stewart of Ne
i vada. have finally succeeded in lmpress-
I ing upon Secretary of Agriculture Wilson
: the necessity of removing from Southern
, California the cattle now suffering from
the drought. He is willing that the quar
! antine line be located further south, so
I that cattle in that region may be re
: moved to Nevada, as wished by the cat
1 tie men who own grazing lands in that
' State, but as yet the Governor of Ne
vada is unwilling to receive them. The
Agricultural Department has signitled
its willingness to designate an agent to
; Inspect these cattle jointly with a State
| agent. Governor Budd has been wired by
Senator Perkins asking him to use his
influence with the Governor of Nevada.
Representative Barham will introduce a
bill appropriating 1 $1500 for a cable from
Salmon Creek to Table Bluff Lighthouse,
Cal. It is understood that an effort Is
' being made by California sheep ranchers
! through California Congressmen to re
■ open Yosemite forest reservation. The
i sheepmen were some time ago prohibited
I from using this reserve for grazing pur
; poses because the animals destroyed the
young shrubs and trees and fires became
i frequent, doing much damage to the tim
1 ber. Regular army troops have patrolled
the reservation each summer for several
years. A resolution will be offered i.i
Congress directing the Secretary of the
Interior to reopen the reservation. This
will be stubbornly opposed by Califor-
I nians, who want to preserve the timber
! of the reservations. Protests are already
being received.
F. L. Bowen was to-day appointed Post
master at Dos Paios. Merced County,
Cal., vice Martin Christie, removed, and
Mary J. Carpenter at West Riverside,
Riverside County. Cal., vice Jesse M.
Packard, resigned. The postofflce at Bur
wood, San Joaquin County. Cal., has been
discontinued and mai! should be sent to
! Oakdale, Stanislaus County.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
I California — Orlginr-j— Samuel L. New
comb, Santa Cruz. Increase — George K.
Truesdale, Shandon, $0 to $8. Original,
widow?— Elizabeth Pouison, San Fran
cisco, $8.
Oregon— Original— James A. White, Oak
land. $8; Charlra 7.e115, Canby, $12.
Washington— Original— Sam H. Brown,
Orting, $12; John Ryan, Spokane, $6.
GUATEMALA'S PEACE
COMMISSIONER IN SAN JOSE.
Dr. Lainfiesta Will Compel the Gov
ernment of Costa Rica to Arrive
at an Understanding.
CnpyriE-htefl, ISSS. by .lamps Gordon Bennett.
PANAMA, March 25.— 1 am informed by i
the Herald's correspondent in Managua,
Nicaragua, that Dr. Francisco Lainfiesta,
Guatemala's peace commissioner, who
was recently in Managua conferring with
the Diet, has arrived in San Jose. Costa
Rica. While in Managua, Dr. Lafnfiesta
stated that he would make certain repre
sentations to Costa Rica which will com
pel that Government to arrive at an im
mediate understanding.
CANADIAN PACIFIC WRECK.
Two Killed and Twenty Injured in
an Ontario Disaster.
WINNIPEG, Man.. March 25.— A special
to the Free Press from Fort William,
Ont., says an accident occurred to the
second section of the west-bound Cana
dian Pacific express at English River to
day. Particulars arc not obtainable ow
ing to the lack of telegraphic facilities,
but it is known that two were killed a;:<I
twenty injured. The train waj derailed
by a broken rail.
REV. J. G. TAYLOR RESIGNS.
Pastor of the First Congregational
Church to Leave Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, March 25.— Rev. James
G. Taylor, pastor of the First Congre
gational Church, the leading church of
this city, has resigned. He will preach
his farewell sermon Sunday.
Yolo Cattle in Demand.
WOODLAND, March 25.—Texas cattle
men are buying large numbers of
Yolo County cattle for breeding pur
poses. Durhams appear to be most in
demand. J. E. Gabbart has purchased six
carloads of Durham bulls and heifers and
shipped them to H. L. Newman's Cow
haven Farm, near El Paso. The last were
shipped on Thursday. They represent the
cream of Yolo County herds.
An Aged Rector Dying.
SANTA ROSA. March 25.—Rev. Dr. J.
H. A. Shepherd, rector emeritus of the
Church of the Incarnation in this city, is
believed to be dying. He is one of the
oldest and best known Episcopal clergy
men on the Pacific Coast. His health has
been failing for several months and his
condition is now considered critical.
Lumber Thieves Sentenced.
CARSON, March 25.— Five defendants In
the Fort Halleck cases— Lee Scranton,
Patrick and Edward McDermltt and
Thomas and James Murphy— who plead
ed guilty to the charge of stealing lumber
from Fort Halleck, were to-day sen
tenced to pay a fine of $100 each.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 26, 1898.
RAIN BLESSES
THE FARMER
And the Farmer, With
Full Heart, Blesses
the Rain.
Pluvian Downpour Revives
Blighted Verdure in
Many a Field.
Reports From Scattered Sections
Give Hope of a General
Rainfall.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, March 25.— After a long,
dry, cold spell of three weeks rain be
gan falling at 8 o'clock this morning
and continues with prospects of an all
night storm. The precipitation up to
6 o'clock to-night was about three
quarters of an inch. The downpour will
help this vicinity considerable and aid
in saving an immense amount of grain
which was fast being killed by the
cold and drought. The Santa Lucia
and Gabilan mountains are covered
with snow. Reports received from as
far south as Santa Margarita are to the
effect that the storm is general over
the Salinas Valley. The hopes of the
farmers are raised and all are jubilant
over the relief afforded by the rainfall.
SANTA CRUZ, March 25.— Rain com
menced falling early this morning: and
continued the entire day. It came Just
at the right time and farmers are jubi
lant. The severe north wind of several
days ago had done its harmful work,
but the rain to-day is Just what is
needed for grain and feed.
HANFORD, March 25.— Rain began
falling at 4 o'clock, and a steady light
fall continues.
STOCKTON. March 25.— Rain set in
at 6 o'clock this morning throughout
San Joaquin County and continued up ;
to 10 o'clock, when it ceased, though
there are prospects of continued show- j
ers. The rainfall varied from a drizzle !
to a quarter of an inch. In Stockton .16 ]
of an inch fell. Telephone messages j
this morning from various points in i
San Joaquin County and vicinity mdi- j
cate that there is no question that
apricots, almonds and other early fruit
were almost totally destroyed by the j
frost. Vegetables have been set back j
somewhat, but not badly damaged, and
the prospects are that with a couple
more showers the grain yield will be j
large. j
SAN JOSE, March 25.— 1t commenced i
raining here about 6 o'clock this morn
ing and up to noon one-third erf an
Inch had fallen. The downpour is wel
comed with great Joy by the farmers,
the high winds of the past few days
having dried out the ground to such an
extent that irrigation would soon be
necessary. The prospects for a heavy
and continued downpour are bright.
The frosts of the last few days about
ruined apricots in this county. Apri
cota turned black and are a total loss.
One man with seventy-five acres of
fruit offered to sell his crop for $10.
Grain in Ignacio Valley will be de- j
stroyed unless there is rain soon. The
crops in the San Ramon hills are look- !
ing good, but about Brentwood farmers
have given up hope.
WATSONVILLE, March 25.— 1t com
menced raining here this morning and
there was a heavy downpour all day,
with indications of more to-night. This
will enable many to plant beets.
The rain comes in very good time, as
stock was suffering from continual
frosts and dry weather.
CARSON. March 25.— Snowstorms
prevail throughout the western portion
of the State. It is hoped they will con
tinue long enough to stock the moun
tains well with snow and avert a
drought next summer, which has
seemed inevitable for the past month
or so. There have been few 'storms
during the winter, and farmers in the
valleys, especially Mason Valley, one of
the most important agricultural re
gions of the State, have hesitated about
seeding ground for next season. April
snow melts rapidly and does not pack
on the mountains, and Nevada may ex
perience a pronounced drought.
VISALIA, March 25.— Rain com
menced falling this afternoon and will
probably continue all night. The fall
up to 6 o'clock was .20 of an inch. The
rain will save late-sown grain. It Is
reported from the Visalia Fruit and
Land Company's orchard north of here
that the entire crop of the 440-acre or
chard was destroyed by the recent
frosts.
FRESNO, March 25. — Welcome rain
fell at 2 o'clock this afternoon. There is
still hope of a good grain crop In this
county if enough late rain falls. The
precipitation changed from heavy
showers to a drizzling downfall. Up
to 5 o'clock .15 of an inch fell, which is
a good precipitation for three hours at
this time of the year. Reports received
from different parts of the county are
all to the effect that grain has not yet
suffered, but rain is necessary within a
few days at the longest, and the sooner
the better. The winter-sown grain is
three or four inches above the ground,
while summer fallow wheat is still
higher. Heavy winds last week dried
the ground, and had the rain not fallen
to-day the grain would begin to show
the effects of the wind and drought
soon. The prospects for showers
through the night are very good.
TULARE, March 25. — Rain has fallen
here steadily since 2 o'clock this after
noon. Indications are favorable f<>r a
continuation of the storm. It will save
some grain and produce abundant feed
for stock. The outlook is much Im
proved.
SANTA BARBARA, March 25.— Rain
began falling here at 7 p. m. and indi
cations point to the heaviest precipita
tion of the season. A good rain now
will insure a fair hay crop. Hay Is
quoted here at $20 a ton. Dealers are
talking of shipping hay from Oregon.
ODD FELLOWS VISIT VALLEJO.
Number of Delegates Assist in Con-
ferring Degrees.
VALLEJO. March 25.— Grand Patriarch
O. W. Erlewine of the Grand Encampment
of Odd Fellows, accompanied by Major
W. H. Sherburne and J. L. Robinette, all
of Sacramento, paid ah official visit to
Mount Moriah Encampment No. 38 this
evening. Degrees were conferred and
delegations were present from neighbor
ing encampments. George A. Poor came
from Redding to attend the encampment,
he being the oldest Odd Follow in North
ern California. Tn-nicht's ceremonies
terminated with a banquet.
During the day the delegates visited
the navy yard, and on leaving expressed
satisfaction that the ships of war were
being rapidly placed in fighting trim,
should their services be required.
Will Become a Total Wreck.
ADEN. Arabia. March 25.— 1t is ex
pected that the Peninsular and Oriental
steamship China, which is ashore on
Azola Point, near Perim, will become a
total wreck.
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
A reward of $10 is offered for the
arrest and conviction of any person
caught stealing copies of this paper
from the door*" of subscribers.
NO TRACE OF
THE OUTLAWS
Futile Search for the
Cross Creek Train-
Robbers.
Officers Beat the Kings River
Swamps in a Vain
Quest.
With Their First Theories Exploded
the Men of the Law Ar«
al Sea.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, March 25.— Officers who
have been hunting for the Cross Creek
bandits since the morning following the
hold-up are now completely at sea.
This evening they gave up the hunt
and returned to Visalia, where they
held a long consultation in the Sheriff's
office. Yesterday they were confident
they could catch the robbers in a few
days, as they had tracked them as far
as Klngburg, and were satisfied that
the outlaws had taken refuge in the
swamps along Kings River, where they
would ultimately be beaten out of their
hiding places.
To-day, however, the bandit hunters
searched the swamps, but could find no
trace nor the slightest clew to indicate
that the men were there or even had
sought a hiding place in that vicinity.
The officers who were beating through
the swamp to-day were Detectives
Mead and Hume, Sheriff Van Buckner
of Kings County and Deputy Ayres and
Sheriff Merritt of Tulare County. It is
stated that they were completely at
sea. They found nothing to confirm
their suspicions as to the robbers'
whereabouts. Yesterday Sheriff Rob
erts was confident he knew where at
least one of the robbers was, but to
day's futile search caused him to doubt
whether he was right in his first con
jecture.
The officers think that the robbers
might possibly still be hiding in the
swamps and will more thoroughly
search that section before entirely
abandoning their theory, but their
hopes now are faint.
Absolutely no news has been received
here about'the robbers. Deputy Sher
iff Timmins and Deputy Constable
Henry started in a carriage yesterday
afternoon, but did not say where they
were headed for. It is believed they
went to the voodchoppers 1 camp on
Kings River. Nothing has been heard
of them Blnce, and it is not known when
they will return.
Some of the officers believe that the
robbers are now walking the streets of
Fresno, but it is hardly thought possi
ble that they could have driven to the
city after the hold-up without being
seen. They are known to have -one as
far as Kiiigsburg. and from there the
officers thought they had traced them
into the swamps, but now It seems that
they did not go into the swamps after
all.
Detective Humo is said to have ex
pressed the opinion that there were at
least five men in the job.
WANTED FOR BURGLARY
AT BELLA VISTA.
Capture at Salinas of an Accused
Man Who "Jumped" His
Bail.
REDDTNG.Mnreh 2.V— A short time ago
Robert Raper, son of Thomas Raper, a
prominent farmer of the East Side, was
arrested on a charge of burglary pre
ferred by Mrs. Victoria Browning, a well
to-do widow. Raper was released under a
$300 bond. His examination was set for
March 17, at Bella Vista, but he disap
peared on the 14th. and could not be found
on the day of his trial. His bail was de
clared forfeited.
Raper was subsequently located at the
home of his brother, near Salinas, and on
the 2oth inst. was arrested by the Sheriff
of San Benito County. Deputy Constable
Parker was detailed Ui bring the prisoner
back, and arrived this morning with Ra
per in charge.
The prisoner denies that he is the man
wanted, and asserts that his name is
Charles R. Draper. He declares that he
was not implicated in any crime at or
near Bella Vista. He was taken to Bella
Vista this afternoon to appear before
Judge Ferguson.
SEEKING PASTURAGE
FOR THEIR CATTLE.
Miller & Lux Ask for Permission to
Ship Ten Thousand Head to
Nevada.
CARSON, March 25.— The following tele
grams were received at the Governor's
office to-day:
SAX FRANCISCO, March 2."), ] a 9S.
To Reinhold Sadler. Governor: Secretary of
Agriculture authorizes shipment of cattle to
Nevada If healthy and your State does not
object. We want to ship in.ooo head. Will you
' allow it if they pass Inspection?
MILI.KR & LfX.
Secretary Kelley replied that the Gov
ernor was out of town, but would doubt
less return to-day. The following was
■ received from Washington:
WASHINGTON, March 25.
To Hon. R. Sarll<-r. Governor: Secretary of
Agriculture nan decided to maintain quaran
tine line aa It is, but will send inspector ' to
allow healthy* rattle from California to be
shipped to Nevada with the consent of the
lattcr's authorities and not otherwise. He ha.-»
expressed a desire for Nevada to appoint In
spectors to co-operate with those he desig
nated because Nevada must assume the re
sponsibility If the cattle are moved into that
State. WHXIAM STEWART.
ANNUAL ELECTIONS.
\ Regular Tickets of the Bohemian
Club and San Francisco Art
Association.
The annual election of the Bohemian
Club will take place early next month.
The regular ticket consisting of the fol
lowing named members Is in the Held:
President, James A. Thompson; vlce
presldont, H. J. Stewart; treasurer,
George A. Story; secretary, Thomas M.
! Pennell; directors. Thomas Riokard. E.
M. Greenway, Joseph R. Howell and M.
A. Newell.
A special meeting of the members of
the club will lie held In the green room
next Wednesday at 1 p. m. A committee
appointed by the president of the club,
having come to an understanding with
the owners of Meeker's Grove as to the
terms of pure has.', it is surmised that tHi
club will authorize the directory to pur
chase the property.
The annual election of the San Fran
cisco Art Association will take place at
i the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art next
I Tuesday. The regular ticket presents
these names:
For directors— Joseph D. Grant, James
j D. Phelan. L. P. I-atlmer. Edward Bos
; gut, Horace G. Platt, George Whittell.
, James W. Byrne, Arthur Rodgers, Henry
Heyman, Irving M. Scott and William G.
Stafford.
The directors will meet Tuesday even-
Ing after the election and select a presi
dent. It is understood that Joseph D.
Grant will be called to the leading posl-
Ori Monday evening, March 2S. the Sec
ond Artists' special exhibition will bo in
j auguratod at the Mark Hopkins Institute
by the exhibition of the works of Arthur
Mathews, comprising pictures exhibited in
the Paris salon. The Universal Exposi
tion of 'R9 and other expositions. On this
evening there will be a reception for mem
bers and invited guests only. The Art
Association is In a prosperous condition
and gives promise of future prosperity.
HOPKINS TOOK
HIS OWN LIFE
Sudden Death of the
Philadelphia Banker
Explained.
He Had Loaned Over $600,000
to One Man on Worthless
Security.
Following This Disclosure the Insti
tution of Which He Was Cash
ier Suspended.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, March 25.— The
sudden death yesterday of John S.
Hopkins, cashier of the People's Bank,
and the assignment made last night
by the Guarantors' Finance Company,
were followed to-day by disclosures
which showed an important connection
between the events.
The Coroner's investigation this aft
ernoon developed the fact hitherto con
cealed by the family that Hopkins had
committed suicide by shooting, and an
examination of the affairs of the Peo
ple's Bank by its officers resulted in
the revelation that Hopkins had during
the past two years loaned the bank's
funds in large amounts to Richard F.
Loper, general manager of the Guaran
tors' Finance Company. These loans,
which remain unpaid and aggregate, it
is said, over $600,000, were made wholly
without the knowledge of the officers
and directors of the bank.
The securities given by Loper as col
lateral for the loans were found, ac
cording to the statement of one of the
bank's officials, to have very little
value. In consequence of these rela
tions the bank closed its doors to-day
indefinitely.
The State Insurance Commissioner on
Wednesday asked the court to appoint
a receiver for the Guarantors' Compa
ny, which did an insurance business,
and it is believed that Hopkins, on
learning that the company could not
make good its indebtedness to the bank
and knowing that exposure would fol
low an investigation of the Guarantors'
affairs, concluded to end his troubles by
taking his life.
It is the general belief in financial
circles that the People's Bank will pay
dollar for dollar to its creditors. Presi
dent McManes is reputed to be worth
at least $10,000,000, and he is credited
with the statement that he would see
that no creditor of the bank lost a cent.
The directors are: James G. Wells.
Clay Kemble, Allen B. Roorke and
John Wiseman. The bank was incor
porated in 1870 under the State laws,
and for years was known as the "Po
litical Bank." because it attended to
the financial transactions of nearly
every city or State politician of note.
United States Senator Quay has had
extensive dealings with the bank, but
a telegram received to-day from Mr.
Quay stated that he was not affected
in any way by the failure.
The bank has a capital stock of $1,500,
000 and is an official depository for the
city and State. The active deposit of
the State's fund is $505,000. and of the
State sinking fund there is on deposit
about $250,000. City Treasurer Michael
says there Is $25,000 of city money on
deposit, this being about 13 per cent of
the deposit to which the bank is en
titled by law.
WILL ASSIST
THE LADIES
Representative Gentlemen of
St. Patrick's Parish
Meet.
Formed Themselves Into a Picnic
Committee to Financially Aid the
Proposed Bazaar.
About 500 representative gentlemen of
St. Patrick's parish met last evening in
the sodality hall of the church to devise
ways and means for carrying the pro
posed bazaar to a successful issue. This
is the first time the men have interested
themselves in any undertaking for the |
benefit of the church, and in the natural
course of events it seemed rather strange
to the large number of male church
goers present.
After considerable debate it was decided,
that a picnic would be as profitable a line
Of business as could be entered into and .
in consequence the gathering organized
itself into a picnic committee and
over 3000 tickets were distributed among
the members for sale. Father Brennan
addressed the meeting, T. L. Dorrin was
appointed chairman and Joseph F.
O'Brien secretary. Suggestions from
those present were freely given, and at
times the debate among the members be
came rather personal and in the end some
left the hall without tickets and stated
that they would not in any way assist
in the work which had been decided upon.
The picnic will be given at El Oampo on
May 21, and as the parish is a large one it
i.s presumed a large amount will be col
lected with which to help the bazaar.
The men have taken the matter in their
own hands. Father Brennan aroused
some feeling during his address by stat
ing that he was opposed to a mannish
or new woman, but that he was bitterly
opposed to a womanish man. He also
stated that the men had not heretofore
taken sufficient interest in the workings
of the church. The meeting adjourned at
the call of the chair.
The Wasp This Week.
In the "Plain Talks to Public Charac
ters" In the Wasp of this week, members
of the Olympic Club will find a very read
able and probably disagreeable address to
them through their president. This, how
ever. Is not the only interesting and no
table feature of the Wasp, for the edi
torials, which are always vigorous and
ably written, this week show much
thought and are on timely topics and
questions that are attracting general at
tention. In the Social Side lights are
several new bits of society gossip, and in
the Personalities the doings of the smart
set are entertainingly told about. The
musicians and others will find Professor
I^ucchisl's criticisms full of snap, and |
perhaps more truth than the persons crit
icized care to admit. The reader of the
Wasp's financial articles each week will
be able to prollt financially thereby
should he follow the "tips" given. In the
Old Maid's Diary and Under the X-Ray,
there are much to interest, and as for
pictures ajid cartoons, this week's Wasp
is Just full of them.
Calvarian Society.
The 'Lenten services under the auspices
of the Calvarian Sodef will be held to
morrow afternoon at the Cathedral, com
mencing at X p. m. This is the fifth of
the six Sundays. Rev. Charles A. Ramm.
the director, will deliver tne dis
course, bis subject being "God's Mercy." !
There will lie "Stations of the Cross" !
and also benediction. An augmented i
choir will render music as follows: "Sta.- I
bat Mater" and '•Venl Creator" (with the
congregation) , "Chrlstus Factus Est"
(arranged), male quartet: "Pace Dom
lne," bass solo and chorus; "Tantum
Ergo," chorus a Capella. The services .
are atttended by Catholic people gener
ally of the city. [
ATTACKED BY
TWO ROBBERS
Thrilling Experience of
Banker Beekman of
Sacramento.
Badly Injured While Resisting
an Assault by High
waymen.
Sudden Leap of His Horse Overtu
His Carriage, but He Drives
Away the Thugs.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, March 25— William
Beekman, the Sacramento banker, was
attacked by highwaymen last night just
this side of the town of Auburn, and
while resisting he was thrown from his
vehicle and severely, but not dangerously,
injured.
There Is a dark ravine just this side of
Auburn, and as Mr. Beekman was pass
ing through it very slowly a highwayman
sprang from the side of the road and
seized the bridle of his horse. At the
same instant another robber approached
him from behind, and, reaching over the
wheel of the carriage, made a grab for
Mr. Beckman's watch chain. The banker
quickly placed one hand over his waten.
and with the other hand struck the horse,
a blow with the whip. The horso gave
a lunge, but, being still held by the bit,
turned the buggy so as to cramp it in
such a way that Mr. Beekman was
pitched headlong to one side of the road.
As Beekman fell ho shouted that he
would kill the first man that moved, and
by the time he was able to regain his
feet his assailants had disappeared in
the brush which lines the road.
Beekman made his way to a farm house,
where his wounds, which consisted of a
contusion over the right eye, and three
broken ribs, were dressed. Subsequently
he was taken to Auburn and thence to
this city, arriving this morning. The at
tending physician pronounces the wounds
by no means dangerous, and as Beekman
Is a man of wonderful physique, and In
the best of health, he will be out in a
few days.
He is the second director of the People's
Bank attacked by robbers this week, Mr.
Croly being the first. The condition of
the latter Is much improved and the
chances for his recovery are very favor
able.
A BOBBER FOUND GUILTY.
W. J. Clarke Convicted in Judge
Dunne's Court for Robbing an
Intoxicated Man.
After deliberating forty-five minutes,
the jury in the case of W. J. Clarke,
charged with robbing William Pettit on
New Year's morning, found the prisoner
guilty, and he will be sentenced by Judge
Dunne on April 9.
J. N. E. Wilson fought hard to acquit
his client of cnarg-e, as the fate of
Badgeley and Ely, men implicated In the
robbery, was in the balance.
Pettit arrived in town from Fort Point
with $20 in his pocket, and began to cele
brate the incoming year. He started at
1-ourth and Market streets, and tried the
liquids in all the saloons on that street
until he met Clarke. He was then in a
loquacious mood, and made friends with
the prisoner. In corrpany with him and
with Ely and Badgely he walked uown
Stevenson street. He was struck over the
head, thrown to the ground and his
pockets rifted. Michael Rabbit, a paper
hanger, siiw the roboery, and went up to
assist the faJlen man, when the prisoners
ran away.
After being told by Pettit to get out, he
walked up the street and informed Of
ficers Naylor and Clark. Accompanied
by them, he made the rounds of the dif
ferent saloons, and at last found Clarke
in the Alliance saloon. Six weeks after
ward. Ely, who is a pugilist, and Badgely
were arrested, and are now awaiting trial
on the same charge.
Assistant District Attorney Arthur
Brandt made out a strong case against
Clarke, and from the evidence he aduueed
during the trial it looks bad for the omer
prisoners.
Scholars Debate.
A very Interesting debate took place at
the Humboldt Evening High School last
evening between the pupils of the Senior
High School class and the pupils of the
Junior High School class. The subject
was: "Resolved, That San Francisco
should own and control its water supply
system." The debate was won by the
Junior class. The speakers were: In the
affirmative. C. H. Hincken, G. C. Bennal
lack and C. S. Allison. For the negative,
C. C. Sullivan, J. S. Gaffney and T.
O'Connor.
Seeking a Lost Son.
Chief Lees has received a letter from
Mrs. E. A. Morrison of Butte City, Mont.,
asking him to find her son Jay Morrison,
who ran away from home on January 20
and came to this city. He is 14 years of
age, but looks oiuer, has dark complexion,
brown hair, blue eyes, large features and
has a scar on his forehead between the
eyes.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
0000000000000000000000000000000000000
ifL LAME BACK, i
o ■ j^Ti^^N Rheumatism, Sciatica, Kidney Dis- o
o wl^^HjF*/ ease, Lumbago, Etc., Are Quickly ©
° \8 MLir Cured by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. °
o Ia -1 C^A[Jf This wonderful invigorator, by its o
O 'IL _J^ mild, soothing electric warmth, re- o
° JK *Vfjg stores strength to the muscles and O
° M/£ nerves. It warms up the kidneys and 5?
O /» // helps the blood to circulate. .;• Q
O 7 J Relief from lame back is given from O
O \ 1 it in six hours. It cures permanently ■'€>■
rt \ \\ in two to six weeks. q
O \V\\ Book, with hundreds of testimo- $
° <-JIMVH nials, FREE.; ; ; ; ; ; °
© = f s TB ; A Call and examine it to-day, free of °
O »fi^^^* charge. • Q
2 SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., * — — — — — * %
° . 632 Market Street. San Francisco! -fS 000 REWARD . O
O NOTE— Make no mistake in the number— will be paid for one .of O
O 632 market STREET. these Belts which falls O
O ¥*&£&* "t m Los •i£^ 8 SE B .to generate a current of O
Oj South Broadway; Portland. Or., 253 Washington Electricity. f\
street; Denver. Colo., 931 Sixteenth ■ street; . w ' M
O Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street. ■ "* ~~ : ; : ~* O
000 0000 oo ooooooopooopoo oo 0000000 00 0
I LEAS & McVITTY, |
I PHILADELPHIA, PA., I
Tanners and Cutters of Texas Oak Sole I
cnim { WORLD'S FAIR AWARDS. fi
■ SERVICEABLE I Philadelphia 1876. -I
SOLES ( Chicago 1893. [4
If the sole leather you are using Is not perfectly, satisfactory, give our II
stock a trial. It is the best. Sold Dy, all leading dealers. ■.»■ ■ , ■■■-.: ._ .•, :.- '■ M
STRIVING FOR
KASSON'S GOLD
Conflicting Stories Told
by Claimants to the
Estate.
Aged Witnesses Give Evidence
of a Memory That Is
Remarkable.
Hopes of the Contestants Are Blasted
by the Statements of Mrs.
Malluy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON. March 25.— 1t is doubt
ful If there has been another legal con
test waged in this State that has de
veloped as many surprises and dramat
ic incidents as has the Kasson estate
case, now occupying the attention ot
Judge Jones, and in which a dozen
prominent attorneys have been en
gaged for more than a week. It is re
markable in many ways. The wit
nesses, though seemingly truthful and
sincere, have shown memories that an
most unusual, and evidence given by
them have made up stories that are so
strangely contradictory as to make th«»
whole affair appear more like an ex
travagant romance than a collection of
queer facts.
The hopes of the contestants were
destroyed when Mrs. Malloy told her
story. She declared she was at one time
the wife of George M. Kasson, had
lived with him during the years these
two children were said to have been
born, and that she had never given
birth to a child by Kaspon. She Is a
woman of 74 years, and she has aston
ished everybody by the remarkably
clear manner in which she recounted
all the principal events of her long life.
She was questioned under cross-exam
ination to-day for several hours, but in
spite of the efforts of the attorneys
who represent the other side to shake
her evidence, they have not as yet
snapped a single thread in the chain
of her story.
The most important testimony In the
case to-day was that of Mrs. Sarah E.
Millekin, a cousin of George W, Lindy
a claimant in the case, and the puta
tive son of Thomas Lindy. Mrs. Mille
kin swore that she frequently saw
Lindy at the breast of his mother, Mrs.
Lindy.
A dramatic incident was the identifi
cation by Thomas Wilson, 83 years of
age, of the family record in the Lindy
Bible. He had written the record fifty
one years ago. He identified the hand
writing as his own, but could not re
member having written it, though that
fact had already been developed by
Lindy's testimony. He was present at
the marriage of the Lindys and the
Kassons. and knew all about the fam
ily affairs. His testimony was very un
favorable to the Lindy claimants.
SPOKE ON DOMESTIC RELIGION.
Rabbi Voorsanger Addressed a Large
Gathering in Temple Emanu-El.
I,ast evening, in Temple Emanu-el,
; Rabbi Voorsanger addressed a large con
; gregatton on "Domestic Religion, or the
I Influence of Religion on Homes." In
, part he said: "One of the most natural
1 desires of man is to live his life without
j pain and in a fearless manner. Those
desires are swayed by thoughts of thft
' future, bUL the responsibility which con
! nects humanity with infinity is lacking
\in many instances. The comparison of re
lis-i'iiis systems is worthy of study. Many
i follow beliefs that their mothers have
taught them, and, in consequence, are
unsatisfied from their own views. "V\'<;
have arrived at a point whore we must
; accept one course or another as under the
present system some dissatisfaction must
result.
"We have surrendered many traditions
which were deajr to our fathers, but we
1 are still making- apologies and hiding: our
real thoughts."
A Batch, of Sentences.
Judge Wallace yesterday sentenced Wil
liam Hennessy, a lad of 16 years, to im
prisonment at Folsom for ten years. He
was convicted of the burglary of a
butcher shop at 905% Folsom street.
William Devine, who had pleaded guilty
to burglary In the second degree, was
given the same term.
Frank Allen, another boy burglar, re
ceived a sentence of one year to the same
institution.
R. Pelligrinni, convicted of stealing a
saddle, was sentenced to serve one year In
San Quentln Prison.
The other prisoners sentenced were:
Glenn Steel, for an assault with a deadly
weapon, one year in the County Jail;
Peter Re^d, a petty larcenist. live years
at Folsom, and Charles Pamella, thirty
days in the County Jail.
56
SATURDAY MARCH 26, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AH Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 2IT to 22! Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a weeK- By mail $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 903 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rift 6« House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 A\cAlllster street, open until 9:30
o'clocK- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh)
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second and
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock,-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin—" Mysterious Mr. Bugle."
Columbia— "1492 "
Alcazar— "Uncle Dudley."
Morosco's— "The Upper Hand."
livoH— "The Widow O'Brien."
Orpheum— Vaudeville-
Metropolitan Temple— Marteau Violn Recital, this afternoon.
Sherman. Clay Hall. ZSS Sutter street— Concert, this afternoon.
The Chutes— The Zoo, Vaudeville and Lion Hunt.
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Special Excursion to Sail Jose and the Santa Clara Valley.
Coursing — Infleslde Coursing Park, this afternoon.
Pacific Coast Jockey Club, lngleside Track— Bact.-a.
AUCTION SALES.
By Sullivan & Doyle— Th(s£dav. March 2tf, Buggies, Wagons,
etc.. at 81 Mission street, at 11 o'c.ock.
By M. German- Tuesday. March S3, Hardware, at 1011 Broad-
way.'Oaki.-i'iu. at 11 o clock.
fl GOOD SELECTION.
GOVERNOR BUDD being a Democrat, we
could not expect him to appoint a Republi
can to the office of Registrar, and since a
Democrat was to be selected the appointment of ex-
Senator Biggy will be received with approval. The
great mass of citizens whose commendation is worth
having will cordially indorse the selection of the Gov
ernor, and the* general sentiment of the people will be
one of satisfaction and gratification.
The office is one of the most important in our
local government. The duties imposed upon the
Registrar and the trust reposed in him are so great
as to render it imperative that the work should be in
the hands of a man of unassailable integrity and un
wavering honesty and fairness. With a corrupt man,
or even an extreme partisan, in the office it would be
possible for gross offenses to be committed in every
election with comparative impunity, and therefore the
need of a firm, faithful and impartial man in the po
sition is recognized as essential to the right admin
istration of our electoral system.
Mr. Biggy possesses every qualification for the
office. He is an experienced man of business and has
an executive ability of a high order. He has been
tested in office and has shown himself superior to
the dictations of bosses and the temptations of
boodlers. Both in public and in pri%'ate life he has
won the confidence of his fellow citizens by the hon
orable performance of every duty and the faithful ful
fillment of every trust.
Governor Budd is to be congratulated upon hav
ing found so excellent a successor to Registrar Hin
ton, and the public will regard the appointment as
one of the successes of the administration. It assures
us an honest and efficient management of an office of
the highest importance, and it is safe to say that in
the work now before him Mr. Biggy will give new
evidences of his fitness for public service and add to
the esteem in which he is held.
ThjE BATTLE OF THE BOOKS.
AMPLE evidence has been given that the peo
ple of California will have to fight over again
the battle against the school book ring which
resulted in the establishment of a system of State
school books. In ways more or less direct the ad
vocates of abolishing the State system and returning
to that which prevailed in times past have given signs
of an intention to force the fight. The issue will
have to be met and it is important that the people
should prepare for it.
It may be conceded at the outset that the State
system of school books is not wholly satisfactory.
No system of books could be. Almost every teacher
*has his own idea of what should be taught in the
schools and how the teaching should be done. The
book that would appear perfection itself to one would
appear an absurdity to another. Each teacher, there
fore, would like to have the selection of the text
books out of which his pupils are to learn what he
has to teach, and such a right of selection might be
good if it were not for the fact that school books cost
money and few parents are able to change them every
time a teacher is changed.
As a matter of fact the better part of all teaching
comes from the teacher and not from the book. Under
the instruction of a competent master a child could
learn to spell just as well out of the Webster spell
ing book of fifty years ago as out of the most im
proved spelling made easy that has since been put on
the market. For that reason the purchase of school
books is one of the departments of public education
in which economy can be well practiced as a matter
of the highest importance. It is not necessary to
have a new set of text books in primary education
every time a new fad in teaching sweeps across the
country.
It is much easier to see the evils of the system we
have than that of a system we have not. Before we
become so impatient of the State system, however, as
to return to the former method we should recall the
fact that experience with the old system was the
cause of the establishment of the present one. In
States where there are no State school books the
dissatisfaction is as great as it is here, and with much
better cause. The school book ring of the East is one
of the giant evils of the republic. It is a corrupting
force in politics and in the schools of the first mag
nitude. We are fortunate to be rid of it, and will
rue the day if for slight discontents we abolish our
State system and return to the domination of the ring.
When robbery of an express car is committed
the public is left to guess what the value of the booty
is, and while its conjectures may be wild, it is never
deluded into the belief that the sole loss consisted of
a bundle of twine and the express messenger's lunch.
The waher who is in charge of the police because
he refuses to support his family ought to find in the
circumstance a tip of considerable value.
THE WATER FRONT SCANDfIU
WE present to-day, in summary form, the water
front scandal, for which there is somewhere
serious and perhaps penal responsibility.
For years the administration of the harbor by Com
missioners has furnished scandals and been charac
terized by corruptions of the most serious nature.
Members of the commission have, indeed, suffered
penal consequences, as have their agents and em
ployes.
With such a record one would suppose that the
Board of Harbor Commissioners would be admon
ished that the property and the revenues under their
control present such favorable opportunities for in
direction and dishonesty that they would be moved to
the greatest care and would never surrender those
scruples that are an ever present element in the hon
est exercise of their authority. There are before them
the honorable examples of Commissioners like Irwin
and McCoppin; whose highly scrupulous and intelli
gent management of the water front added honors to
those which they wore so worthily before they en
tered upon these duties.
After reading the record which we publish to-day
we think that no one will conclude that the members
of the commission who are responsible for the loot
ing of the appropriation for fhe ferry building or
those who have constituted that body for the last
few years have found leisure to bask in the light of
these illustrious predecessors in the same office. In
deed it would seem that basking in any kind of light
is not their favorite form of repose.
They have succeeded in erecting a ferry building
so thickly veneered with frauds that if they were
•risible in concrete form the building would be written
all over with them as thickly as the words "one dol
lar" on an old Indiana red dog bank note.
If any part of it ha? been spared, from the vent
hole of a pipe to the time ball above the tower, it
should be recorded and a tablet set to commemorate
the oversight. So open and patent is it all that the
sewer openings on the front smell like cologne in
comparison, and the teredoes and limnoria take sec
ond place as ravagers of the State's property. It is
no pleasure for us to point these things out nor to
expose the misfeasance of any one in office. But the
duty of exposure is accepted as inexorable and per
formed with regret. The further pursuit of the mat
ter lies with those who are charged with the penal
purging of high places to cleanse them of corrup
tion. If these things go on the face of the tower
clock will blush so that it will need no illumination
at night, and its hands will be the only ones around
the building that have not been held behind the back.
THE PRIMARY LAW DECISION.
THE decision of the Supreme Court declaring
the Stratton primary election law to be unconsti
tutional will occasion little or no regret among
non-political citizens. The experiment established by
the statute was one which the practical politicians were
quite anxious to try, but there was no popular de
sire for government primaries nor general opinion
that through them- the people would be enabled to
secure better government. Indeed, on the contrary,
there is every reason to believe that the Stratton law
was a device of the political bosses to check the
operation of the official ballot act and by strengthen
ing party organizations restore the old system of cut
and-dried tickets which the people may either vote
or not vote at all.
We are among those who believe in party respon
sibility and party government. We think that after
the Australian ballot has run its course and the un
thinking multitude has had ample opportunity to de
monstrate that in electing "good fellows" to office
they are mostly successful in selecting incompetent
officials there will be a return to the old method of
embodying political conventions and conferring upon
them the power to nominate party tickets and for
mulate party politics. Some of the best government
the State and city have ever had has been produced by
party responsibility. In fact, until the political boss
appeared upon the scene with his following of plug
uglies and criminals party government was a success.
Until this malignant individual has been disposed of
we think no device for strengthening the political
machine should be encouraged.
At present the system of independent voting es
tablished by the Australian ballot is rapidly retiring
the corrupt political bosses from view. People no
longer regard party labels nor party machines. A
nomination by a political convention has no greater
significance than that a body of citizens calling
themselves Democrats, Republicans, Taxpayers or
something else have indorsed the aspirant for poli
cal favors for an office. The moment the course of
events demonstrates that such an indorsement mean's
nothing more than this, that moment politics will be
come a science of vote-getting and the present science
of stuffing primaries and packing conventions will be
abolished.
At some time, perhaps, the Stratton primary law —
clumsy and impracticable though it was — might be
considered a step in the right direction. Its purpose
was to dignify parties and strengthen their indorse
ments. But the day has not yet arrived for the en
forcement of such a law. Had the Supreme Court
declared the statute valid there is no doubt that it
would have damaged party organization. There
would have been an unseemly struggle by the bosses
to get control of the Republican and Democratic ma
chines of this city, a loud protest on the part of the
press and the people and the entire theory of the
law would have been discredited. The evils certain
to flow from the independent system of voting now
in vogue have not become sufficiently conspicuous to
justify such a statute. When that time comes it will
be in order to inaugurate a government primary
system.
In the meantime it is well that Senator Stratton
cultivates a feeling of hostility to the constitution and
writes legislative bills with skyrocket sticks. Were
he once to read the organic law we might have elec
toral reform forced upon us long before it is due.
Before an alliance between England and the United
States can assume any more definite form than that
expressed in casual observation, it will be necessary
for the mother country to make that overgrown kid
of hers up in the Northwest behave.
The proposition to give Patrol Driver Cashel a po
sition on the police force is a good one. There is not
only reason to believe he would be a faithful officer,
but he might serve as an example to other officers too
prone to $print.
In papers published yesterday afternoon the find
ings of the Maine Board of Inquiry were announced
for probably the tenth time. When the findings have
been revealed they will be announced some more.
Perhaps Spain's boast of being prepared for war
means that she has a lot of white flags ready to run
up at short notice.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 26, 1898.
' VAIN TRICKS IN HAWAII.
AFTER the frank exposition of the Dole idea
of government in his organ, the Advertiser,
one is prepared to properly weigh and meas
ure the propositions coming from Hawaii and in
tended to affect annexation. There is pending in the
Legislature at Honolulu a measure affecting contract
labor. This has been urged by Dole's representatives
at Washington as a proposition to abolish such labor
and is used as an argument for annexation. An ex
amination of the proposed bill shows that it does not
abolish contract labor at all. It merely abolishes the
penal clause in labor contracts. The contract labor
law of the United States, passed in 1864, had no penal
clause. Its liens were not upon the person, but upon
the property of the contract laborer. That law (see
Brightly's Digest, vol. 2, 1857-65, page 148) pro
vided: "Section 2 — All contracts that shall be made
by emigants to the United States in foreign* coun
tries in conformity to regulations that may be estab
lished by the Commissioner of Immigration, whereby
emigrants shall pledge the wages of their labor for
a term not exceeding twelve months to repay the
expense of their emigration, shallbe held valid in law
and may be enforced in the courts of the United
States, of of the several States and Territories; and
such advances, if so stipulated in the contract, and
the contract be recorded in the Recorder's office
where the emigrant shall settle, shall operate as a
lien upon any land thereafter acquired by the emi
grant, whether under the homestead law when the
title is consummated or on property otherwise ac
quired, until liquidated by the emigrant."
That was our contract law which became so offen
sive that it was repealed upon the demand of our
labor organizations. It made the contract a first
lien upon the laborer's wages for twelve months, and
upon his real property forever until liquidated. The
difference between this and the Hawaiian contract
labor is that the latter instead has a penal clause
enforceable against the person instead of the prop
erty of the contract laborer. The withdrawal of this
penal clause leaves the statute ju?t as offensive as our
own and with every feature which made it so ob
noxious that no one dared resist its utter repeal.
Again, the repeal of this penal clause has not
passed. It is proposed as a blind by the crafty island
politicians, who brazenly quote what we all understand
to be the odium of our politics as the avowed rule
of action in theirs.
If the penal clause in their labor contract law is
wrong, it is wrong regardless of its effect upon the
fortunes of annexation. -If it is right, its rightfulness
is not measurable by its relation to annexation. The
men who now parade as a virtue the proposition for
its repeal have had the power to abolish it ever since
1893, but they have let it stand and have taken the
benefit of it.
If our Congress defeat annexation this penal clause
will not be repealed. The MacchiavelHs of the oli
garchy will reveal their true character by continuing
and enforcing it.
These things teach and exhort. They illuminate
Dole's remark that "we expect the United States will
give us special laws by which we can get labor." If
annexed they expect to exert their peculiar craft in
violation of our labor laws or in getting special and
unequal privileges.
Existing conditions on the islands expose the
hypocrisy of holding out hope to white labor of an
outlet there. The highest wagfcs paid to field hands
are $12 50 per month, and it is proposed to reduce
this to $10. The Portuguese are disquieted by this,
for they and many of tTie natives are now on the
verge of starvation for the first time in the history of
the country. Dole's government is the author of
these distresses, and the signs of disintegration
among its supporter^ are on the increase. The sham
republic will totter and fall, to be replaced by a real
republic in which the people will have a voice and
the power to protect themselves against starvation
by the use of the ballot.
WARNINGS TO KLONDIKERS.
WRECK after wreck has occurred to give warn
ing to the adventurous that if they expect to
reach the Alaskan ports in safety they must
exercise more than ordinary care in the selection of
the ship on which they are to make the passage. The
rush to the northern gold fields has been so large
that the demand for transportation has led the un
scrupulous to press almost any kind of old hulk intp
service to carry passengers, and there is danger
ahead for all who take ship without close scrutiny
into the nature of the craft they are to embark upon.
While the men who outfit the coffin ships for pas
senger service are to be condemned for the offense,
those who engage passage on them, are not wholly
free from blame. There is no law to prevent such
ships from plying in the coast trade, but a man who
exercises reasonable care can easily find out whether
any ship starting from this port is of that character.
There are abundant sources of information ready at
h?nd for all who have sense enough to make in
quiries, and those who neglect to seek information of
such vital importance are themselves to a large extent
responsible for whatever may befall them on the
voyage.
In one respect the most important lesson taught
by the wreck of the Almy is that of individual re
sponsibility in matters of this kind. It is most
important because it is the one which is
most timely. It will require a long period
of time to procure from Congress the legis
lation necessary to prevent the outfitting of
coffin ships, but the importance of personal care can
be learned and practiced at once. The men and
women who are going north should begin at once to
rely upon themselves to guard against the dangers
of the venture in which they are going to embark.
The leap begins when they take ship, and they must
look before they take it.
Great as is the rush for Alaska, there is no reason
why any one starting from San Francisco need take
any risk with coffin ships. The coast transportation
facilities of the city are large and are being rapidly
increased. There is every reason to believe that by
the time the Yukon opens for navigation the means
of transportation will be ample for the demand, and
the season when the river will be open is now so near
that persons desiring to reach Dawson will be able
to make the trip just about as quickly by waiting for
the river steamers as by going over the passes and
making a long journey by the lakes.
The moral of the situation is plain. The Alaskan
movement is an adventure where prudence is the
better part of valor. The wary will go in safety
where thoff; of reckless daring will rush upon dis
aster. In due time the outfitting of coffin ships will
be made a penal offense, but for the present those
who go north must rely upon their own brains and
look cut for themselves.
Senator Stewart might be in better business than
attempting to haul chestnuts out of the fire for Hun
tington, but he would not be apt to be.
IN THE FOOTSTEPS OF EDISON
JUDGING from the numerous Ingenious
contrivances for handling and con
trolling electrical .currents which he
has made and put in successful oper
ation, Edward F. Winfleld, a young
man of this city, promises to achieve
some distinction in the field of practical
electrical invention. Mr. Winfield Is em-
ployed in the photographing and etching
department of The Call, where quick and
accurate work of the best order is de
manded. The difficulties and exigencies
of the situation seem to have stimulated
the inventive faculties of the young man,
and he has not only materially improved
some of the expensive and high-class ap-
C.F: WIN FIELD
pnratus of most recent invention, but has
launched out on new lines with much gain
in economy of current and rapidity of
work.
Very recently an improvement on the
mechanism of the 16,000 candle-power arc
lights furnished by the California Elec
tric Company brought quite a handsome
recognition from them of his skill and
ingenuity. Besides this and several other
very meritorious arrangements. Mr. "Win
fleld has lately contrived and put in
operation an automatic cut-off by which
the time of exposure of a valuable picture
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS,
J. S. Mllle* of Stockton is at the Grand.
B. K. Bliss of New York is at the Pal
ace.
C. A. Rose from St. Paul is at the Occi-
dental.
J. K. Haughton of Chico is a guest at
the Lick.
Attorney A. J. Hull and wife are at
the Lick.
James Lane of Detroit is a guest at the
Occidental.
William G. Hoog from Chicago is at the
Occidental.
Ex-Judge A. P. Catlin of Sacramento is
at the Lick.
B. Z. Spencer from Los Angeles is at
the Baldwin.
H. R. Evans of Salinas is a guest at
the Baldwin.
Henry Claufl and wife of Brooklyn are
at the Palace.
Carroll Hutchkins of Boston, Mass., is
at the Palace.
C. F. Chandler of Boston, Mass., is at
the California.
F. G. Baker from San Jose is staying at
the California.
N. A. Watson from Erie, Pa., is a guest
at the Palace.
C. A. Weaver of Chicago is a guest at
the California.
Dr. M. D. Smith of Mlddlebury, Vt.,
is at the Grand.
A. B. Young of Philadelphia is a guest
at the Baldwin.
C. H. Jones, a merchant of Philadelphia,
is at the Palace.
L. Hartman from Washington, D. C, is
at the California.
Dr. F. W. Bliss and wife of Santa Cruz
are at the Grand.
J. C. Mackay of Chicago is registered
at the Occidental.
C. R. Treeson from Modesto is regis
tered at the Lick.
Rev. J. M. Chatten from Chicago is a
guest at thy' Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. Rushmore and Miss Rush
more are at the Palace.
Mrs. and the Misses Rhodes of Pitts
burg are at the Palace.
R. S. Stitt. a merchant from Chicago, is
registered at the Palace.
Professor A. Van der Nailen, president
of the School of Engineering in this city,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To the Klondike.
L. N. McQuesten, the "Father of Alaska/w rites:
"The ROYAL is the only Baking Powder
that will endure the severe climatic changes
of the Arctic Region. A miner with a can
of bad baking powder is almost helpless in
Alaska. Therefore, we have used nothing
but Royal Baking Powder/*
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK.
to the powerful arc lights can be regu
lated to the second without the pres
ence or watching of the operator.
The device Is quite simple and can be
readily understood from the accompany
ing cut.
The two heavy wires on the right marked
"current wire" connect the arc lamps
with the dynamo. One of these is cut
and the ends connected through the bot
tom with two cups partly filled with
mercury placed near each other. Connec
tion Is made between the cups by a
metallic, bridge, the points of which dip
into the mercury carried on the end of an
insulating arm attached to the armature
of an electric magnet operatec" by a small
dry battery near by. The wire from this
is cut, and one end carried to a metallic
pin on the dial of a clock and the other
fastened to the pivot of the hand. When
the hand touches the pin the circuit is
made, the electro-magnet draws down the
arm above, thereby lifting the connecting
bridge out of the mercury and cutting off
the current from the dynamo to the arc
lamp. By. careful adjustment of the hand
of the clock the time before It touches
the pin and shuts off the dynamo cur
rent can be controlled at will.
made his departure for Europe last even
ing to visit the leading scientific institu
tions in the interest of science.
The Ancient
and' Honorable
As s o c i ation of
Deep Water
Salts held their
regular meeting a
few nights ago
aboard the
A
DANGEROUS
BUSINESS.
schooner Water Witch, and as is custom
ary- at these sessions of the old tars, there
was much discussion upon the leading
topics of the day. In consequence, the
patriotism of the gathering led to the in
terchange of opinions as to what was the
cause of the Maine disaster. During the
conversation one of those present inti
mated that he would like to be a diver,
declaring that it was a soft thing with
plenty of money for easy work. This
brought forth a few words from Captain
Bogus, a learned and practical seaman,
who, to illustrate that the lot of a diver
is not a happy one, said:
"The average person who glances over
the accounts of the investigation of the
Maine disaster probably thinks little or
nothing of the divers engaged in this
work. He does not know of the dangers
to which these men are constantly ex
posed, even, in the calmest waters. There
is no work which requires such a strong,
vigorous constitution as is necessary to
the diver. Not only must his muscles be
like iron, but his heart and lungs must be
in faultless condition or he will be unable
to stand the strain of living for even a
few moments in deep water. The diver
carries with him on every trip eighty
pounds at least. The suit he wears is
heavy and oppressive. The boots alone,
made of thick lr-ather, with leaden soles,
weigh twenty pounds each and the hel
met, with its Ingenious arrangement of
air pipes and valves, adds forty pounds."
Captain Bogus is a man who knows
what he talks about, so it did not take
him long to change the mind of the
would-be diver, who frankly admitted
that perhaps the diver did not have such
a snap after all.
F. A. Boole, a lumberman from Sanger,
is a guest at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Moore of Chicago
are guests at the Palace.
Frank McKhargand family of Stamford,
Conn., are at the Palace.
Dr. A. M. Gardner, chief of staff of the
medical corps of the asylum at Napa, is
a guest at the Palace.
Dr. James McLane, one of New York's
most prominent physicians, accompanied
by his wife, is at the Palace.
J. J. Dooley, a merchant of New York,
Is registered at the Palace.
E. O. Pope, a prominent merchant of
Los Angeles, Is at the Palace.
H. Tetlow, a manufacturing chemist of
Philadelphia, Is at the Palace.
C. E. Tinkham. a lumber merchant from
Chico, is a guest at the Grand.
Mrs. and Miss Grant from Shenandoan,
Pa., are registered at the Palace.
E. C. Moore, a merchant from Syracuse,
N. V., is registered at the Palace.
Dr. M. B. Campbell of the State Hos
pital at Sacramento is at the Grand.
H. M. Garham. a mining man from Gold
Hill, Nev., is registered at the Palace.
W« L. Tichner is registered at the Bald
win as being from Greater New "iork.
Carl E Lindsay, the District Attorney
of Santa Cruz, is registered at the Grand.
C H. Wilson of Boston, one of the most
prominent tourists managers, is a guest
at the Palace.
THE CALL ON COLNON.
Eureka Standard.
The State Harbor Commissioners and
Mr. Colnon, the particular, bright and
shining light who reflects his effulgence
from the pages of the StocKton Mail,
receive a most genuine roasting in The
Call of March 16. Leaving the harbor
piling contract, over which the Mail be
came bo abusive some weeks ago, Tna
Call has been Investigating tne construc
tion of the new ferry depot at the foot of
Market street. It is shown that -n many
instances the specifications have been
changed and that at each change tne con
tractor makes a lot of money by P utl '"B
in cheaper material. The contract for tha
galvanized iron called for No. 22 iron, and.
by consent of the Commissioners No. 2t»
iron waa used, saving the contractor over
$2<>oo2 < >00 The Call also asserts that the Com
missioners paid this contractor about fcOua
for covering certain walls with iron,
which he had agreed to do In his original
contract. __
The same crooked work is done, so Tna
Call avers, all along the line. The steel
work is not up to contract; the brickwork,
which the contract says- should be of Ro
man pressed brick, is done in common
brick worth less than a quarter as much,
and throughout the contractors are pock.
eting money at the expense of the people.
If this be true— and The Call would
scarcely dare make such specific charges
unless they are true— Brother Colncn of
the Mall will need to use more fairness,
more explanations and more argument
than his former reply to the Standard
contained to convince the people of this
State that they are getting a square deal
at the hands of > udd's Harbor Commis
sioners. It will be well for this bellicosa
official to use his pencil to explain tha
reason for the failure of the commission
to hold its contractors to their contracts
and not allow money to be drawn from
the pockets of the people to fatten tho
bank accounts of those who contracted
to do the work. The ferry depot will cost
far more than it should, and as it is done
by the State the people of the whole State
have an interest in seeing that jobbery'
and corruption shall not run rampant
through all departments of its construc
tion. Will President Colnon rise and ex
plain?
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A BACK DATE— "The Ignorant One,"
City. The 14th of March, 1547, fell on a
Sunday.
NOT A PREMIUM PIECE— G. D. 8..
City. Ass piece of 1838 is not one of those
that command a premium.
SEATING CAPACITY— F. J. H., City.
The Orpheum claims the largest seating
capacity of any of the local theaters.
CITY HALL CORNERSTONE— N. S.,
City. The cornerstone of the City Hall in
San Francisco was laid on the 22d of Feb
ruary, 1572.
RUSSIAN-TURKISH WAR —D. L..
Napa, Cal. The latest Russian-Turkish
war, known as the war of '77, lasted 322
days— from April 12, 1.577, to March 3, lins.
NAVE OF A CHURCH— A. R., City.
Nave, the body of a church, is derived
from the French "n4l" and from the -t
Latin "na vis," a ship; ' this by common
similitude which likened Christ's church
to a ship. / _ -W*'l-i
» ♦ ■
For latest Easter novelties, Townsend's.*
■ m ■
Peanut taffy best in world. Townsend's.*
■ <» ■
Choice present Eastern friends, Town
send's Cal. Glace Fruits 50c IT) Jap bskts.*
Special information supplied daily to j!
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. ; ' '
. NEW LEATHER GOODS: New Trunks
received March 25, $2 75 to $25 each. Va
lises, 75c to $18 each. Ladies' Pocket
books and leather belts, all new, 25c to
$5 each. No charge for name in gold let
ters on any of our fine leather goods. In
this department you will also find the
best possible assortment of perfumery,
combs, brushes, mirrors, playing and tal
ly -cards at the lowest prices. Sanborn,
all & Co., 741 Market street. ■ •
■ » ■
MORES THE PITY.
It is a great pity that in all her cen
turies of history Spain never had a
George Washington hatchet incident to
inspire a noble Washington
Star.
■ m ■
" Brown's Bronchial Troches give relief
In all Bronchial Affections. A simple and safe
remedy. Avoid imitations.
.■ m ■
A vigorous growth and the original color given
to the hair by Parker's Hair Balsam.
Parker's Gixgkr Toxic the best cough cure.
No well regulated household should be with
out Dr. T. G. B. siegert & Sons' Angostura
Bitters. Unequalled as an appetizing- tonic. ,
AN EPOCH IN HISTORY.
The Federal gold reserve has now
passed $170,000,000 and goes on climbing
up while gold continues to be imported
from abroad in large quantity. This is
the first time in the history of the coun
try that a war scare has seemed to draw
gold voluntarily into the public treasury
and into the money markets of the na
tion. But as war scares now encompass
the earth, the yellow metal has small
choice of an asylum.— Springfield Repub
lican.WRECK OF THE BOBOLINK.
The schooner started out with the land breeze from Mendocino City last Thursday, but became
becalmed and drifted ashore. One of the crew lost his life while trying to reach land. The
vessel will be a total loss, but her cargo of lumber will probably be saved.
RICE WAS LAX
IN VICTORIA
Admitted Sixty Japanese
Believed to Be Con
tract Laborers.
Dumped Into California From
British Columbia With
Certificates.
They Told the Same Gauzy Tales as
Did Those Refused a Landing
by Commissioner North.
Commissioner of Immigration North
has completed his examination of the
sixty Japanse laborers who arrived by
the steamer Puebla from Victoria and
found that each of them held a certifi
cate from the United States Immigra
tion Commissioner at Victoria entitling
them to land. This left Commissioner
North and the special board of Inquiry
nothing to do, the certificates being
regular and the Japanese having been
admitted to land even before they ar
rived at this port.
The new immigrants were of a worse
character <han the batch of thirty
three who were refused a landing the
ether day by the Commissioner and
who are now quartered on the Uelgic,
pending their appeal to the Secretary
of the Treasury. They said that they
also were farmers : nd that they in
tended to study agriculture In Califor
nia by walking from farm to farm and
■tv«ichin£r the wheat wilt under the
dry north wind and fruit blossoms
freeze on the trees. They bear all the
ear marks of contract laborers.
Under this new and unexpected
phase of affairs Commissioner North
wired Commissioner-General Powderly
for advice, and yesterday received a
dispatch reading as follows:
Under the agreement between the Sec
retf ry of the Treasury and Canadian
transportation companies aliens holding
certificates of admission from the United
Slates Commissioner in Canada are sub
ject inly to medical examination at port
of entry in the ™*V%\}'DERLY.
Commissioner-General of Immigration.
"This matter," said Commissioner
North yesterday, "may develop a dis
cussion between the transportation
companies. If we keep shutting out
this class 6f Japanese laborers at San
Francisco and if the Commissioner at
Victoria keeps letting them in, the
transportation companies whose lines
terminate at San Francisco will kick.
In order to avoid this friction and not
to injure the trade of San Francisco
while at the same time performing my
official duties conscieutiously, I have
invited United States Commissioner
if Victoria to a conference with
me, in order that we may agree upon
a uniform system or standard of exam
ining and dealing with alien immi
grants suspected of coming here on la
bor contracts. He has accepted the
invitation, and we have hope that the
matter may be adjusted satisfactorily
to the interests of this port, as well as
of the Government."
CLARA BELLE M'DONALD.
Wife of the Ex-Bank President Re
turns to the City.
Clara Belle McDonald, the ex-wife of
the notorious bank wrecker, Dick Mc-
Donald of the Pacific Bank, has returned
to the city after an absence of six years,
and is registered at the Grand Hotel.
It is rumored that Mrs. McDonald Is on
h< r way from the East to join her father
jr ' I os Angeles, who went south some
time ago it is said, in anticipation of the
arrival of his daughter back to the State.
Mrs McDonald refuses to see any one,
even those who were once her most in
timate friends, and it is claimed she is
trying to conceal hor^ identity.
Mismated Couples.
Jud^e Hebbard listened to testimony in
Freese vs. Freese yesterday, closed doors.
Lottie A I.iddle was granted a divorce
from James Ltddle by Judge Bahrs on
the eround of faiiure to provide. Emma
I) Whltefleld filed suit for a divorce
against R E. Whitefleld on the ground of
cruelty John Henry Dolan wants a di
vorce from Kate Dolan on the ground of
:ion.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SKIN
IvCAvCv
Spbrdt Cure TRRATiiH>rr for tortnrJn?. disfig-
uring, itching, burning, and scaly skin and scalp
diseases with loss of hair. — Warm baths with
TICUsa Soap, cntle applications of Cutiouka.
(ointment), and fall doses of Ctticuba Rksol-
greatest of blood purifiers and humor cured
Ii «>l4 thnmghoDt the world. Pott«»
Dr-o *»T> Ch»«. Com-.. Beta l"rop».. B«t&n.
£CJ" •■ How 10 Cure Jtclihm PUn Diteues,~ free.
BED ROUGH HAM.DS *%r&£gS2?
ANOTHER WRECK
ON THE COAST
The Schooner Bobolink
J_ost on the Coast of
Mendocino.
Peter Nelson Lost His Life
While Attempting to Reach
the Shore.
Dog From the Helen W. Almy
Washed Ashore Near the
Oceanside House.
Another vessel has been wrecked on the
coast. The schooner Bobolink left Mon
docino City last Thursday morning with
every prospect of making a quick passage
to San Francisco. The land breeze car
ried her off the coast, but it soon fell
light and the schooner began to drift.
Everything posible was done to save her,
but before nightfall she was hard and
fast on Kents Point, near Mendocino
City. An attempt was made to get her
off, and while the men were at work one
of the boats capsized, and Peter Nelson
was drowned.
The Bobolink was loaded with lumber
for the Mendocino Lumber Company, and
while the vessel will probably be a total
loss, the chances are that the cargo will
be saved. The schooner was built in IS6S
in Oakland Creek, and was 161.67 tons net
burden. She was 104 feet 5 inches long,
29 feet 3 inches broad and 8 feet 9 Inches
dee"
The American ship Susquehanna sailed
yesterday for New l'ork in command of
Captain Sewell. who took charge of the
vessel at the last minute. Captain Laflin
cleared the vessel, but he will remain here i
a few days and will then go Kast to take i
command of another of the Sewell fleet, i
The Susquehanna has a cargo that would
make her a valuable capture for a Span- ;
ish cruiser in the event of war. Among |
her cargo la 5470 pigs of lead, 142,646
pounds of beans, 601,0'J9 pounds of borax, j
lf-4,307 feet of hardwood lumber, 28,970
cases and 254 barrels of salmon, 13S tons
copper matte and 305,803 gallons of wine.
Strange coincidences sometimes arise in
the names of deserters from the United
States navy. Thus Charles Oceon got ;
tired of "a life on the nrfen wave," and !
deserted the cruiser Baltimore at Hono- j
lulu, while the fidelity of Louis Fidelity
could not withstand the allurements of
sunny Italy, so he deserted the cruiser '
San Francisco at Genoa. Both Oceon and |
Fidelity joined the United States navy in
San Francisco, so the record of their de
sertion had to be sent to this port for
filing. It will go hard with both of them
if they ever return to the United States
and are caught.
Nearly the entire fleet of coasting
steamers has been withdrawn from the
regular channels and is now engaged in
the Dvea-Skaguay trade. Twenty-six
San Francisco-owned steam schooners
are running between Portland, Seattle
and Tacoma and Juneau, Dyea and Skag
uay. Beside these there are thirteen
other steamers now on the way here from
Eastern points to join in the general rush,
so a big break in rates may be expected
before many weeks are over.
The three-pile beacon on the end of the
shoal at the entrance to Mare Island
Strait. San Pablo Bay, has been de
stroyed. The piles remain and are just
awash at high water. The beacon is to
be rebuilt as soon as practicable.
The crews of the life saving stations
have been patrolling the beach from
Point Lobos south to Point San Pedro
for the last few days in the hope of
picking up something that might come
ashore from the wreck of the Helen W.
Almy. Yesterday while near the Ocean-
Bide House they found the remains of a
black doc. It wore a muzzle, also a steel
collar, on which was engraved "Nigger
Bohen." H. Mohns of Mohns & Katten
bach asserts most positively that there
was no dog on the Almy when she sailed.
Others say, however, that Captain Ho
gan owned a dog called "Nigger Bohen,"
and that it went to sea with him.
Captain Hodgson of the Fort Point life
paving station is going out on the light
house tender Madrona to destroy the
wreck of the Almy. Until that Is ac
complished the old hulk will be marked
at night with a red light.
The tug Vigilant returned from a
search after what was supposed to be a
vessel in distress yesterday. The Point
Reyes observer thought he saw a vessel
sending up rockets and notified the tug
office. Captain Sllovich searched the
coast from Point Bonita to Tomales and
saw no trace of a wreck so he came to
the conclusion that the rockets were fired
by some vessel in want of a pilot.
Free — One month's treatment "Our New
Method Cure." Asthma cured to stay cured.
Dr. Gordin. 514 Pino street, San Francisco.
LARGE AMOUNT INVOLVED.
Rumor of Important Changes In the
Business of a Large Estab
lishment.
A rumor was circulated yesten./iy of a
change in the business of the Emporium,
by which several of the firms at present
running departments in the establishment
are to retire therefrom, and that the
interest they represent is to be trans
ferred to Davis Bros., the present prin
cipal owners and managers. It is claimed
that by this change the business of the
Emporium can be conducted in a more
satisfactory and economical manner than
under present arrangements.
The amount involved in the transaction
is said to be between $150,000 and $200,000,
and among the firms mentioned as about
to retire are Greenbaum. Weil & Michaels,
proprietors" of the gents' furnishing de
partment; Dixon Bros., hat department,
and Hyams, Brown & Co., clothing de
partment. _
Ocean View Not In It.
T*he Health and Police Committee of
the Board of Supervisors yesterday heard
the petition of the Railroad Homestead
Improvement Club asking that Ocean
View be Included within the pound limits.
It was decided to postpone the mat
ter for the present and the petition was
laid on the table.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 26, 1898.
ARREST OF
A GIRL FOR
BURGLARY
Edna Trueworthy, 14
Years of Age,
Jailed.
Accused of Entering Ho
tels and Stealing
Jewelry.
Caught in a Mission - Street
Church After an Exciting
Chase.
USED A SKELETON KEY.
A Portion of the Stolen Property
W«6 Found in Hep
Possession.
Edna Trueworthy, alias May Hinds,
the pretty 14-year-old girl who is ac
cused of entering the room of Mrs.
Schofleld In the Russ House a short
time ago and stealing considerable
jewelry, was arrested last evening af-
EDNA TRUEWORTHY, the Girl Burglar.
ter an exciting chase and locked up In
the City Prison. She was found in
company with a girl named Alice At
wood, who was also taken into cus
tody.
Shortly after 5 o'clock yesterday af
ternoon Mrs. Schofleld recognized the
Trueworthy girl on Fourth street, and
she started to speak to her. Evidently
thinking that she had intended to have
her arrested the erring girl ran up
Mission street and darted into St. Pat
rick's Church, where she tried to con
ceal herself. Detectives Sullivan and
Graham happened to be in the vicinity,
and, seeing the girl running, they fol
lowed her into the church. She was at
once taken to police headquarters and
closely questioned. She at first de
nied her guilt, but finally broke down
and made a confession. A portion of
the -Jewelry which she had stolen was
found in her possession.
To the detectives the girl admitted
that a short time ago she entered a
room in the Hotel St. Nicholas ami
stole several pieces of jewelry. Her
scheme was to visit a hotel and after
entering the parlor she would appai
ently amuse herself by playing the
piano. As one of the women guests
left her room the girl, with the aid of
a skeleton key, would at once enter the
apartments and make a thorough
search for jewelry and other valuables.
After satisfying herself that she had
not overlooked anything she would
then leave the hotel as mysteriously
as she entered.
Last night the detectives recovered
several pieces of Jewelry which the girl
had stolen. They were found in a
pawnshop on Third street, where she
had sold them.
F.dna is not unknown to the police.
Some time ago she w£s arrested for
stealing some jewelry, but on accouri
of her tender age it was decided to
send her to the reform school.
After a few weeks' incarceration she
escaped with several other girla by
climbing over a high fence whisa sur
rounded the institution. To-day the
detectives intend to place several
charges of burglary against her.
SAYS THAT
IRENE WAS
WAYWARD
Mrs. Gay Thomas
Tells Her Story to
the Police.
Claims That the Girl Vol
untarily Came to Her
Room.
Frequently Left the Place to
Meet Certain Face Track
Touts.
WILL NOT BE PROSECUTED
Ran Away From Home Intending
to Go to Alaska, the Land
of Gold.
Mrs. Gay .Thomas, the woman whom
Irene Lynch accuses of having held her
a prisoner in a room in the Glenbrook
House, was arrested yesterday after
noon by Detective Anthony and taken
to police headquarters. To Chief Lees
she said that she fir: met Irene about
a week before tie latter disappeared.
Subsequently sh< frequently met Miss
Lynch at the race track.
Irene told her that she was dissatis
fied with her home life and had deter
mined to run away. She begged Mrs.
Thomas to allow her to live with her
until she could better her condition.
Mrs. Thomas, after considerable per
suasion, consented to take the erring
girl to her rooms.
The day after Irene disappeared, as
the story runs, she telephoned to Mrs.
Thomas that she was on her way to
the rooms of the latter. Notwithstand
ing the positive denial of the girl that
Mrs. Thomas held her a prisoner the
woman told Chief Lees that Irene fre
quently left the room to visit various
male acquaintances. She would return
in a few hours, and, according to Mrs.
Thomas, she gave evidence of having
drunk to excess. The girl, she said,
was in the habit of sending notes to
race track touts and jockeys, asking
them to call. When told that her pa
rents were making strenuous efforts to
locate her she merely smiled and said
that she would never return home. It
was her intention, so Mrs. Thomas
states, to go to Skaguay or some other
Alaskan point, where she intended to
seek employment. Mrs. Thomas was
accompanied by the "mysterious Jack,"
who Irene claims had assisted Mrs.
Thomas in abducting her.
Jack, whose last name the police re
fuse to divulge, formerly worked at the
Union Iron Works. He corroborated
Mrs. Thomas' statement that the girl
voluntarily left her home and that she
had no desire to return. Convinced
that these people were telling the, truth
Chief Lees at once released them. He
does not expect that Lynch will prose-
cute the* pair, as he seems to think
that an abudance of proof has already
been obtained to the effect that the girl
left her home of her own volition, de
termined to leave the city at the first
opportunity.
U. S. GRANT
And his little Senatorial boomlet are
treated at length in to-day's News Let
ter, and the scheme of the syndicate
behind him for acquainting the San
Diegan who aspires to Steve White's
seat in the United States Senate, with
the political leaders in California, ex
posed. "General" Sheehan, the ex-sec
retary of the Yosemite Valley Com
mission, and a good many other things
is hauled over the coals, and the atten
tion of Attorney-General Fitzgerald
and Billy Barnes called to his case. A
model charter is outlined for our Free
holders, and twenty-four pages of other
interesting matter are to be found in
to-day's News Letter.
AGAINST CLINTON'S ORDER.
Supervisors Oppose Gates on Street
Railroad Cars.
Supervisor Clinton's proposed ordinance
requiring that gates be placed on all
; street railway cars was reported upon
j adversely by the Health and Police Cnm
j mittee of the Board of Supervisors yester
! day.
The committee thought that such a
measure was impracticable and that the
public would be seriously hampered in
its travel by such contrivances, particu
larly during the busy hours of the day.
The report will probably be adopted by
j the board on Monday next, as a majority
of the members have expressed them
selves against such an ordinance.
Manhattan Athletic Club.
The Manhattan Athletic Club gave a
% - cry Interesting entertainment last even
ing in its clubrooms on Mission and Four
teenth streets. Several boxing 1 and wres
tling bouts which were sharply contested
made up an excellent evening of athletic
sport.
The fac-simile , ,-# #- " "* -li on every wrapper
ligature of Ol*//ffffl£ZM of ; CASTOBIA.
BIGGY IS REGISTRAR
An Ex-Senator With a Brilliant Record
Gets an Important Office,
Ex-Senator William Joseph Biggy, the New Registrar,
Ex-State Senator William Joseph
Biggy, who was yesterday appointed
by Governor Budd to fill the unexplred
term of office of Registrar, made va
cant by the appointment of William M.
Hinton to the office of Railroad Com
missioner, is a Native Son. He was
born in this city in 1859, and is there
fore in his thirty-ninth year. He was
educated at St. Mary's College and
first came prominently before the pub
lic during the Democratic reorganiza
tion movement in 1592, when he was
nominated for the office of, State Sena
tor by that body and receiving the in
dorsement of the Traffic Association
was elected and took an active part in
the sessions of the Legislature of 1893
and 1895. His majority was 740 in a
Republican district.
In the early part of the session of 1833
he introduced a bill for the erection of
a public building in San Francisco, to
be used for State offices, calling for an
appropriation of $300,000. This bill
passed both houses of the Legislature,
but was finally killed by the veto of
SESSION OF THE
LUNACY BOARD
New Schedule for Maintaining
State Institutions for the
Insane.
It Will Go Into Effect on the Ist of
May and Wili Save Public
Money.
A conference of the State Commission
ers of Lunacy was held at the Attorney- :
General's office in this city yesterday.
The commission consists of Governor
Budd, Secretary of State Brown, Attor
ney-General Fitzgerald, Dr. Matthews,
secretary of the State Board of Health,
and Dr. Hatch. Superintendent of State
Hospitals. The Secretary of State was
not present at tht session yesterday.
The little dispute at the Mendocino asy
lum between Drs. Moore and King en
gaged the attention of the commission. A
ruling was made that the $250 allowed
every month for the superlntendency of
th# "Ukiah asylum did not Involve the
recognition of any Individual as superin
tendent. It seems that Dr. Moore was
appointed to the position of superintend
ent *but that Dr. King refused to vacate.
The commission declined to intervene in
to put into
futions under the* sway of the commis
sion It is figured that a saving of $17,000
per annum will be effected by the new
S °it e t U M' suggested by Dr. Matthews that
hospital managers be directed to observe
fhoutmost economy during the remainder
of the present fiscal year In order to leave
on hand money to maintain the institu
tions for the approaching fiscal year. Es
timates were made that prices of main
te??a*ncl would advance before the next
appropriation of State money could be
aV A 'committee was appointed consisting
of the Attorney-General. Dr. Hatch and
Dr Matthews to confer with the State
Board of Prison Directors with a view of
establishing at Folsom a State hospital
or insane ward In connection with the
prison.
No one will use a fountain pen after
trying a "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil. •
TO BUILD A HOME.
Wives of Masons Lend Their Aid in
Making the Festival a Success.
The wives of Master Masons are taking
an active part in the coming Masonic
Festival and are daily holding meetings
to insure its success. Yesterday the wives
of members of California Lodge organized
a temporary circle, which is to be made
more complete next Wednesday after
noon when they will again meet in King
Solomon's Hall. Mrs. Ernest H. Hill was
made temporary chairman. She told the
ladies present that it was the first time in
the history of Masonry in California that
an organized effort was made to gather
money for the building of such a home.
i, a r ule said she, Masons quietly go
into their' packets, but in this instance
t was deemed the wiser plan to hold a
festival, and in this way gather the
money needed.
While the ladies are at work the men
are also busy collecting funds. The most
prominent among them is the treasurer
of Scottish Rite Lodge of Perfection Lip
man Sachs. Captain-General Frank Titus
of California Comma ndery has just re
turned from a tour of tne State, and as
sures the executive committee that Ma
sons' in the interior are coming to the
festival in large numbers. Nearly every
lodge will send a delegation, while many
will come of their own accord.
There are to be competitive drills among
all the commanderies outside of San
' Donations' to the amount of $4000 were
received by Chairman Charles Patton
yesterday.
Governor Markham.
During the session of 1895 he was in
strumental in securing the passage of
a bill making an appropriation of $200,
000 to the Affiliated Colleges.
When the coyote scalp bounty ques
tion matter was agitating the Boards
of Supervisors of the different counties
of the State he drafted and introduced
a bill to repal that notorious act and
was successful in carrying the meas
ure.
He was a strong advocate of the
measure granting terminal facilities to
the San Francisco and San Joaquin
Valley Railroad, aidincr materially in
the passage of the bill.
In 1596 he received the Non-Partisan
nomination for Supervisor, but met de
feat at the polls.
When, by an order of Judge Wallace,
the Board of Supervisors were ousted
from office for failing to fix a water
rate. Governor Budd appointed him to
fill one of the vacant places.
At present he is the vice-president of
the United States Laundry Associa
tion, which office he has held for sev
eral years.
The appointment meets with the ap
proval of all parties.
MYERS ARRESTED
FOR PERJURY
Was Arraigned Before Judge
Campbell and Will Be
Tried on Monday.
Notary Henry May Also Get Into
Trouble on a Charge of
Felony.
Judge Hunt yesterday adjudged Ber
nard F. Myers guilty of perjury and or
dered him Into the custody of the Sheriff.
The perjury that Myers must account for
was committed in the divorce suit of Dies
vs. Dies. While action was pending in
this case it seemed that the attorney for
the plaintiff served a summons upon the
defendant to appear in court and show
reason why he should not pay the ali
mony that was demanded. The defend
ant did not appear and a bench warrant
was issued for him.
He denied that he had ever received the
summons, and in the investigation of the
matter it was shown that Attorney Howe
got Myers to appear before Notary A. J.
Henry a.nd swear that he had served the
summons upon the defendant, which he
had never done.
In the order of commitment Myers was
taken before Judge Campbell and ar
raigned and the case continued until
Monday. Howe is "a disbarred attorney,
and it "now appears that he got Myers to
sign his name to a paper, the contents of
which the latter says he did not know,
and then Howe took the paper to Henry
and got him to affix his seal to it. This
i.s a felony and Henry may get into trou
ble for afflxins his seal to a document
without the affiant being present to be
sworn.
GUS GARSON. 238 Kearny street, near
Bush, sells "STANDARD" shirts. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER
HunyadiJanos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
— FOR
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lancet.
"Speedy, sure, gentle." JiritUhMedieaUournn'.
CAUTION: See that the label bean the signet-
fure of the rtrm. . .
'.'.'.■_■■ -' '■ Andreas Saxlehiier.
- . Baja California {
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful j.liruu.siau and epeciac ionic
for • the sexual and urinary organs of both
texes and a great remedy for diseases ' of th«
kidneys and bladder. A - great - Restorative,
lnvlgorator and Nervine. - ■ Sells :on Its .' own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALPS & BRUNE, • Agent*,
12* Market Street. 8. F.— (Send for Circular.)
q visit DR. JORDAN'S <>»»*
jJL Museum of Anatomy
■ I^»^R ICEI"MAEE2TST.Iet6ti»7ti,S.r.CaL'
&Ti ft ' ;. The I.»'rg*iiofiMkiodta»b*WorkL .
Is«l>\ DR " JORDAN— Private Diseases.
• * i.tf^VV jL : ~ > Con«ult»-.100 tte*. Writ* tor Book , ..'
W* fy Philosophy of Marriage.
a C - tUILCD met. • :%i .
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND Washington STS.—
: modeled and renovated. . KING. WARD A
i CO. European plan. Rooms ' 50c to $1 50day,
] $5 to $8 • week. $8 •to $30 month. ' Free, baths;
■ hot and cold water every room: , flre grates In
1 every room; elevator. runs all night.
1 "f-i -rr-r i ii — '~jT"'" T Ki rtt: — Ifff^rri Mi' |l '^ll'in l 'h i ffl p ft*7!ftßr-i r' '
AMUSEMENTS. ,_ _
fs}iDUH£l3 60TTLO& a C<- ussus hmuuctm
MATTXEE TO-DAY. TO v: iHT LAST TK*T3.
Madeleine ' Lucette Ryley'a Comedy, THE
"MYSTERIOUS MR. BUGLE."
An Efficient Cast -Headed by JOSEPH HOL-
LAND.
EXTRA-Next Monday Night,
cc » en* .c ! The litest Farce of th» Age.
cala A GAY DECEIVER!
EVENT! • Introdneing Beactifal
ANNA HELD,
L'Etoile de Paris and the Chinese American
"THE CAT AND THE CHERUB!"
Seats Now Ready. . •' *i ~".
SPECIAL^ - ;
• SUNDAY EVENING. MARCH 27.
. FAREWELL POPULAR. CONCERT.
MARTEAU; ' LAGHAUME
' and a Grand Orchestra.
Conductors— Marteau and Lachaume.
Prices— joe. ?sc. $) and $1 '". Seats now ready.
%lo£umMi <3?EZa£rc
\/RI£OIANDIfI &oTRCBaC»imu» »n*w«»
MATINEE TO-DAY.
\asx Performance Sunday Night.
The Big Spectacular Production.
RICE'S "1492!"
Clever Comedians— Girls.
EXTRA-
" . NEXT MONDAY, :*.'■!;
JrtMES J. CORBET"!*,
In the Successful Comedy Drama, ]
f\ NAVAL CADET.
SALE OF SEATS NOW GOING OX.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter Morosco .Sole Lessee and Manager
COMMENCING TO-NIGHT, MAI.CH 21SjV
Grand Reproduction of Oliver Byron's ■
Great Play,
THE UPPER HAND.
Special Engagement of
FREDERICK TJADER
ECCENTRIC COMEDIAN, .
And
LA PETITE LUND,
The Infant Prodigy, in her Brilliant Specialties
New Scenic and Mechanical Effects.
i Evening Prices 10c. 25c and 50«
' '..-- Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
. ■ — ■
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mas. Ernestine Kkklixg, Proprietor & Maaagar
THIS EV/EINIIVG!
A LAUGHING SUCCESS!
The Most Amusing of Musical Comedies,
"THE WIDOW O'BRIEN"
Superb Cast! Bright Burlesques! Up-to-Data
Medleys! Entrancing Specialties!
"The Heart of Maryland" Travesty upon "II
Trovatore."
THREE HOURS OF FUN.
- MIRTH, MUSIC. MERRIMENT.
Popular Prices 25c and 800
No Telephone Orders Received. 
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY, MARCH 26.
Parquet, any seat, Be; Balcony, 10c; Children,
10, any part.
CHARLES T. ELLIS and COMPANY In the
one-act comedy, "Mrs. Hogan's Music Teach-
er": McCALE & McDANIELS, knockabout
Irish comedy; MASTER WADE COCHRANE,
mental wonder; CARL DAMMON TROUPE,
greatest acrobats; last week of BURKE V
i FORREST. ATHAS & COLLINS. RUDINOFF.
I JOSEPHINE SABEL and the JOSE QUIN-
TETTE. \ - ' :
ALCAZAR SEAT " s c
rli-*vri/wrii\t MAIN 2 34. v
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW (SUNDAY),
Last Three Performances of
UNCLE DUDLEY
— OR—
THE GIRL UP TO DATE !
MONDAY NIGHT. the season's novelty,
the Comedy Theater, London, hit "THE
MUMMY."
Prices. 15c. 25c, 35c, 50c .
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
THIS AFTERNOON.
FAREWELL RECITAL. i )
THE GREAT FRENCH VIOLINIST. ■ j.-
MARTEAU!
Accompanied by 1
LACHAUME,
PIANIST,
REQUEST PROGRAMME.
Reserved Seats. 50c, TSc. '$1, $1 50. On sale at
the San Francisco Music Store, 223 Sutter st.
A DOLLAR SHOW FOR A DIME!
- .' " ' OLD .YOUNG AND ALL ENJOY '
- - - THE ZOO---
IN THE CHUTES.
FINEST WILD. ANIMALS IN CAPTIVITY!
See Captain Cardono's Group of Trained Lions
—The Most Thrilling Animal Act Extant!
Feeding of the Curnivora at 5 and 10:30 p. m.
Open Dally from 10 a. m. to 11 p. m.
10c to All. Including Zoo. etc. Children,' sc.
CHIQUITA receives afternoons and evenings.
OI VMDI A Corner of Meson anJ
ULI mt-i-M.-— Eddy StreBt3 .
America's most beautiful -sic hall. Great-
est free bill In the orld. The 3 ALBIONS.
grotesque comedians; ZANFRELLA &
WALSH, porch artists; ADAMS SISTERS,
balladists; MONTALAIS soubrette; ARNEL-
DO and ten others. House heated. Admission
free. '- ■ "' '"''.',
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(IDgleside Track.) /. YC-
Racing From Monday, March 21, to
Saturday, April 2, inclusive. ■
Fire or More Baces Daily, Rain or Shine.
; First Race at 2 P. M.
S P. R. R. TRAINS 12:45 and 1:15 P. M.
DAILY.
: Leave Third-street station, stopping at Va-
lencia street. Returning immediately after the
races. EL ECTRIC CAR LINES. >i f7;-
. Kearny and Mission street cars every thre* .
minutes, direct to track without change. Flll-V
more-street cars transfer, each way. ■ .
S. N. ANDROUS, President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary. : ./ - : ;^ ' V ; .
INfcLESIDE COURSING PARK.
TWO DAYS— THREE STAKES!
THE CRACKS, THE SAPLINGS
AND A CONSOLATION. :
$750 IN PRIZES—
Saturday IP. M., - - Sunday A 1 A. M. ,
DR.MCNULTY.
I'm* TV ELL -KNOWN AND RKLIABI.K OLI»
- .1 Bpet:lHllstci/re*Prlvate,Nervous,B:ocKjHiid Skin :
: nisesist-sof Men o/i'y. Manly Power restored. Over
1 20vp:'.rs'pxperience. Send for Book, free, Patients .
! cured at Home. . Terms reasonable. ' Hours, 9 to 3
'■ da.11y;6.-:» toS.SOev'^s. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
t ion free and sacredly cor.fldeutlaV. Call or address
• P. ROSCOE UleittLTT, M. D.,
26"-. Hc:iun Street. Kan i'rancluo. CttL
fa HAVE »YOU Sore Throat, Pimples. Copper- f
D Colored - Spots." Ache*. Old - Sores. Ulcers ■,'
B In Mouth, Hiiir-Falllne? ■ Wrlie COOK KEM- ■
H EDYCO., 213 MASONIC .TEMPLE, CHI- ■
■ CAGO, ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital H
m 5500.00 U. 'S Worst cases cured In 15 to 3i day* it
B 100-paso boot free. ... ....'•'■■ -H.
ShBIBHBHSE3SbVIBHBBHHBH9BHEBHB63 j
78
CALIFORNIA'S SEMI-CENTENNIAL
THE great International fair cele
brating the fiftieth anniversary of
the admission of the Golden State
into the Union may now be regard
ed as an assured fact. Mayor Phe
lan has completed the important
task of naming the fifteen committee
men who will handle the various
branches of the vast undertaking, men
who have been selected after mature
deliberation as being representative cit
izens in their line. And it is a pleas
ing fact, indicative of the success of
the project, that all have entered into
the spirit of the project with unbound
ed enthusiasm and have promised to
do all in their power to further the
best interests of their State.
Now that the committee has been
appointed the next thing to be consid
ered is a meeting for the purpose of
formulating the preliminary steps. Here
is where the greatest caution will have
to be exercised, as a start in the right
direction means much to the ultimate
euceess of the affair. Mayor Phelan
states that he will call a meeting of
the committee in a few days. At that
meeting it is probable that the first
thing to receive consideration will be
the matter of a State appropriation to
aid in bearing the expenses of the
work.
Governor Budd has received letters
from the Governors of Nebraska, Mon
tana, Oregon and Minnesota, all prom
ising warm support for the fair. Each
one promises to appoint a committee
to a convention to be held to discuss
plans for the exposition and to do
whatever else may be in his power for
the good of the project. The Gover
nor of Idaho is at present out of that
State, but. his secretary, under date of
March 15, writes that he is expected
to return in a few days, and a favora
ble reply will doubtless be received ai
that time. . .
From the Mayors of the various cities
and towns of the interior come letters
eulogistic of the idea of a great inter
national fair to spread abroad the
knowledge of the resources of this State
and the advantages of living here. Sev
eral are given in this issue, and others
vill be printed later on.
Attorney J. B. Reinstein of the law
firm of Reinstein & Eisner, who has
been assigned the educational and pro
fessional branch of the grand celebra
tion, believes it too early yet to dis
cuss the means of securing the cele
brat.'on or the features; that these
things should be left to the mature de
liberation of the committee.
"California is a State the advantages
of which are little known throughout
the East and elsewhere," he said, "and
there is no doubt that such an exposi
tion would do us a world of good. There
is no reason in my opinion, if proced
ure is made along the right lines, why
the affair could not be made a grand
success. My professional and other du
ties are pretty heavy at present, but I
am in hopes they will lighten by the
time active work in this matter be
comes necessary, as I would take a
great deal of pride in lending my best
efforts to the furtherance of the plan."
A. S. Baldwin of the real-estate firm
of Baldwin & Howell, who has been as-
Pigned the Merchants' Association
branch of the celebration, stated yes
terday that the proposition will prob
ably be brought before that body after
the charter has been signed, which will
probably be within two weeks. Speak
ing individually, he was sure that the
association could be depended upon to
do all in its power for the furtherance
of so worthy a project.
"A great deal of preliminary work
•will have to be done by the committee
before the citizens are assembled," he
said, "and the most important thing to
be considered is the raising of the nec
essary funds. The people will doubtless
enter into the spirit of th<* affair so
heartily that I anticipate little trouble
in that direction."
There is one branch of the celebra
tion which will be exemplified in a
manner never seen before west of the
Rockies — the amusement element. This
branch has been placed in charge nf a
man of experience and keen profes
sional spirit— P. H. Frioilnprtpr nf M<«
theatrical firm of Friedlander, Gottlob
& Marx.
"I am going to make this one of the
efforts of my life, said that cotn
mitteeman yesterday. "The people of
this State can rest assured that they
will be given amusements of such a
nature and such a character that they
alone will be one of the strongest
drawing cards of the celebration, a
card that will bring a tremendous in
flux of people into the State, without
considering any other feature.
"As I have been only lately notified,
I have had no chance to outline any
plans as yet. However, I can say this:
The character of the amusements will
be different from anything ever given
the public here before, and it will be
absolutely independent of the the
aters."
W. H. Mills, who will have charge of
the transportation branch of the af
fair, asserted yesterday that this end
can be depended on to take care of it
self. He did not care to make any
definite statements, on account of the
fact that the committee must act as a
whole. In Mr. Mills' estimation, the
affair, if conducted rightly, will be of in
calculable value to the State in many
ways, educating as it will the country
at large to a proper appreciation of the
resources of the State.
"LEO XIII IN THE VATICAN."
A Lecture by T. Marion Crawford
Arranged by the Y. M. I.
The Young Men's Institute Lecture Bu
reau met last evening and completed its
arrangements for the lecture to be deliv
ered on "Leo XIII in tiie Vatican," by F.
Marion Crawford, the eminent novelist,
nt the California Theater, next Monday
ovenlng.
Mayor James D. Phelan has kindly
promised to preside and introduce the
distinguished lecturer. The committee
reported a good demand for tickets. The
Committee also reported that the boxes
had been sold to prominent Catholib gen
tlemen, who have thus shown their in
terest In the lecture and their apprecia
tion of the work of the lecture bureau.
SUICIDE CAUSED BY SICKNESS.
Mrs. Lippman, Dreading a Necessary
Operation, Took Her Life.
Despondent on account of an illness of
a serious nature Mrs. Ambrozlne Lippman
took carbolic acid yesterday at her home,
94514 Folsom street. The dose was taken
at 4 o"clock in the afternoon, and a short
time after that the woman was found
lying on the floor of a Closet by her
mother-in-law. Mrs. Simons. Dr. Maston,
of 989 Howard street, was called In, but
■was unable to counteract the poison, and
Mrs. Lippman died at 7 o'clock.
Mrs. Lippman had been suffering from
a tumor for some time, and yesterday
morning went to Mt. Zion Hospital and
consulted Dr. Livingston in regard to her
ailment. He informed her that an oper
ation would be necessary. This news
frightened the lady, and on her return
home she went to a closet and took the
carbolic acid. She was 28 years old, a
widow and leaves a little girl 8 years
old.
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
A reward of $10 is offered for the
arrest and conviction of any person
caught stealing copies of this paper
from the doors of subscribers.
NOW WE MUST HAVE A
GOOD APPROPRIATION
A Most Important Subject to Be Considered at
the First Meeting of the Committee.
I have worked hard on the problem of a committee, and have finally se
cured what I regard as an ideal working body. All the men are represen
tative of their respective lines and ail but one, who was until lately out of
the city, have cheerfully consented to act. I shall call the committee together
in a few days and have the preliminaries for the great movement under way
as soon as possible. One of the very first matters to be considered will be
the taking of steps to secure a State appropriation. The prospects are excel
lent for a celebration on a great scale, one that will herald the fame of the
State far and wide.— Mayor James D. Phelan in an interview.
MONTANA TO BE RELIED UPON.
OUR DIVERSITY OF INTERESTS.
They Should for Once Be Adequately Represented tc
the Outside World.
PACIFIC GROVE, March 15.— 0. S. Trimmer, president of the Board of
Trustees of Pacific Grove, in speaking to-day of the exposition project for
1900, as suggested by The Call, said: "I
about so laudable a project, and I can think of no more fitting manner of
celebrating the golden anniversary of our entrance into the Union."
OREGON HEARTILY APPROVES.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 26, 1808.
think such an enterprise would be an
inestimable benefit to California, both
in bringing people from other portions
of the country to our State, and also in
developing and demonstrating the
many resources of the State. The com
mercial interests of California have
never been and are not now adequately
understood by those outside the State,
because they have never been properly
represented. Qur climate and fruit
products have been advertised to the
fullest extent by the railroads, but
otherwise little is known of us, and I
believe by an exhibition such as The
Call suggests we could show the rest
of the world what we can do in other
ways than fruit raising. I should cer
tainly co-operate heartily in any effort
that may be made toward bringing
EXPECTS OVERWHELMING SUCCESS.
Sonora's Chief Official Wants to See All Previous
Efforts Totally Eclipsed.
SONORA March 15. — Leonard Kahl, president of the Board of City Trus
tees, is speaking here to-day to a representative of The Call concerning its
efforts in behalf of holding an exposi
tion in 1900, said: "The Call's efforts for
the holding in San Francisco of an ex
position in lflOO to commemorate its half
century of Statehood are praiseworthy
and timely in an eminent degree, for
I feel that such would prove of incal
culable good to this State, and I sin
cerely hope and expect to see its ener
getic steps in furtherance of the plan
meet with overwhelming success, such
as will totally eclipse, great and far
reaching though they were, the glories
and results of the Midwinter Fair.
Such an undertaking, with the right
kind of men at its head, should prove
to the outside world that we on the
Pacific Coast are fully abreast of the
idea as fully and completely as our
brethren in the older and more thickly settled Eastern States. The Call is
deserving of great credit for the unique idea, and I hope and fully expect
to see it crystallize itself into an assured fact at no distant date, and feel
sure that such wIU prove the case. Tuolumne County will do her share by
making such a display of her mineral ■wealth and other resources as will be
alike creditable to herself as a county and an integral part of the common
•wealth, and doubtless her neighbors will vie with her and each other by their
gold exhibits, in showing to the world that California to-day, with her great
Mother Lode' and almost equally great eastern belt, has no peer as a gold pro
ducer The Call is deserving of the thanks of every man, woman and child
in the State for its present intelligent and heroic efforts in behalf of the ad
vancement of the material and industrial progress of our people, and truly
proves itself a worthy champion and exponent of their needs."
HEARTILY IN FAVOR OF THE PROJECT.
Redding's Mayor Says That the State Should Dis
count All Past Efforts.
REDDING, March 15. — "You may quote me as heartily in favor of the ex
position for 1900," were the words of Mayor O. J. Lowry when questioned on
the subject.
"I am certainly not in favor, how
ever, of an exposition which would in
terfere with that of the Paris Exposi
tion, and appear in the light of an act
of discourtesy to the French Govern
ment. But if the dates could be so ar
ranged as not to clash with those of
the French Fair, I am sure that San
Francisco could depend on Northern
California putting no stumbling block
in the way of the project as outlined in
The Call.
"San Francisco's winter climate is
such a great attraction in itself that
It would be a mistake to open an ex
position in any other season of the
year, and on that account there is no
reason why our exposition should in-
terfere with the Paris fair, which closes.
I believe, in November. If such a splendid showing as the Midwinter Fair
could be made in so short a time we ought to discount it with the time and
opportunity now at our command. Our marvelous winter climate makes Cali
fornia the show ground of America, and if the public-spirited citizens of San
Francisco, aided by those of the State at large, take the matter in hand I
am positive the results would surpass our most sanguine anticipations."
Other prominent citizens expressed enthusiastic approval of The Call's ex
position project, and there is no doubt but San Francisco would receive sub
stantial encouragement from Shasta County toward making the exposition
the greatest in the history of the State.
THE CALL HAS THE RIGHT IDEA.
The Mayor of Salinas Suggests Some of the Bene
fits of Such an Exposition.
SALINAS, Cal., March 15.— Charles Frances Mayor of Salinas, said: The
semi-centennial celebration of Califor nia's admission into the Union should
rich strikes will have much, money to leave here if they find an exposition or
anything else to interest and amuse them, and naturally whatever money is
expended in our State adds to it 3 wealth and power. The financial benefit of
an exposition such as The Call suggests will come not only after the formal
opening of the fair, but will be felt In the various lines of trade from the
very beginning. Laborers antl mechanics will be given employment In pre
paring the grounds and erecting the buildings and artisans and artists of all
classes will be called upon to make them attractive. Taking the project as
a whole I am strongly in favor of It, and as a citizen of California shall give
my efforts and hearty sympathy to its furtherance.
OUR UNEXAMPLED RESOURCES.
It Would Be an Excellent Opportunity to Make a
flascnificent Display of Them.
VISALIA, March 15.— Mayor Hammond of this city was interviewed to-day
as to his views on the proposition to hold a jubilee exposition in San Fran-
Cisco in 1900 to celebrate the fiftieth
annlversar- of the admission of the
State into the Union. Mr. Hammond
is greatly pleased at the idea. He said:
"That idea of The Call is a grand
thing, sure. I am heartily in favor of
it. But that proposed exposition should
be done on a grand scale in order to
attract the people not only from all
over the United States but from put
side our boundaries. It will be an ex
cellent opportunity, Indeed, to make a
magnificent display of our unexam
pled resources.
"But the transcontinental railroads
should be required to make rates dur
ing the exposition that will entice the
people this way. For instance, if the
railroads would make such round trip
rates as they did last summer for the
Christian Endeavor Convention delegates we could count on an exposition of
grand proportions.
"The rest of the Union looks upon California as a unique section, and this
jubilee celebratit i of its admission into the galaxy of States will also be
unique and will be in keeping with our reputation. In no other State is there
an organization like the Native Sons, and the proposed exposition would do
on a large scale what the Native Sons are trying to emphasize— arouse and
develop patriotism.
"But it should be no Cheap John affair. I repeat again, the Jubilee expo
sition in 1900 should be planned and executed on a scale commensurate with
the vast interests of this great State.
WIL.WAM H. HAMMOND, Mayor of Vlsalia."
times, and can carry out the exposition
be something that will give people from
the East and elsewhere an idea of what
California actually is, and I think The
Call has the right idea. An exposition
in which all the States of the Union are
represented would bring people from
these States, and so be the means of
securing, to California the -population
and trade which her great resources
justify. The exhibits should embrace
representations from Mexico, China
and Japan, Hawaii, Australia and other
countries reached by Pacific steam
lines, and not be confined to the inter-
State idea merely, for all these coun
tries contribute, in a measure, to the
commerce of California.
The thousands of people who are now
flocking to Alaska will be returning
about 1900, and those who have made
CHARLES FRANCES.
MINNESOTA MAY BE IN LINE
STATE OF MINNESOTA.
Executive Department. ST. PAUL, March 17, iBqB.
HON. JAMES H. BUDD. Governor of California, Sacramento, Cal.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of the
3d inst. requesting me to appoint a committee from this State to a conven
tion to be held to discuss plans for an exposition to be held in your Mate in
1900. I shall be pleased to appoint a committee, as requested, if 1 can secure
their attendance. Inasmuch as we have no fund available for the payment
of expenses of such committee I fear it will be difficult to obtain a commit
tee that will be willing to defray their
NEBRASKA IN THE VANGUARD.
OUR GOLDEN OPPORTUNITIES
Would Be Spread Out Before a Host of Eager
Visitors From Abroad.
GRASS VALLEY, March 15.— Editor of The Call: I am !n favor of the
proposed semi-centennial exposition advocated by The Call, and think that all
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TelsbTch
PATENT
SUSTAINED.
INJUNCTION GRANTED. '
Judge Townsend, in the United States Circuit
Court for the Southern District of New York, has
sustained the Welsbach Light Company Patent
and granted an injunction.
Every manufacturer, seller or user of incan-
descent gas lights other than the Welsbach is,
under this decision, an infringer of the patent.
All infringers will be proceeded against at
once.
We again caution the public against the pur-
chase of any incandescent mantel other than that
made and sold by the Welsbach Company or its
agents.
Every genuine Welsbach Lamp has trade-
mark, "Welsbach," conspicuously printed upon
the package and upon the burner itself.
Dealers desiring to handle the genuine article
should communicate at once with the address
given below. *
FOR SALE AT
134 ELLIS STREET.
such celebrations should be assisted by
every one having a home in the State
or expecting or wishing to have such.
And in my mind there are very feu
people that stop here for a few monO^s
that do not have a desire to stay. \ I
believe that such a celebration as
proposed would attract attention,
more or less, all over the world, and
when such attractions are going on
people are given opportunities by trans
portation companies making rates
which enable those to come here who
tvould otherwise never see the beauties
and opportunities which this great
State offers to capital and energy.
Fours respectfully,
W. E. PARSONS, Mayor.THOUSANDS
HONOR THE
HEROIC DEAD
Impressive Obsequies
of the Late Lieu
tenant Burke.
Streets Blocked by the
Many Friends of the
Deceased.
His Courage and Christian De
votion Praised by the Rev.
Father Cummings.
THE BIER FLOWER LADEN
Remains Followed by His Late Com
rades and Heads of the Police
Department to Holy Cross.
All that was mortal of the late Lieu
tenant William F. Burke was borne
from St. Charles Borromeo's Catholic
Church on Eighteenth and Shotwell
Btreets yesterday morning to Holy
Cross Cemetery, where the body was
consigned to the grave, covered with
such floral offerings as are rarely seen.
The expressive words, "He died doing
his duty," told the history of the man.
At the late residence of deceased, 238
Shotwell street, at an early hour yes
terday morning, thousands gathered to
take a last glimpse of the features of
the dead. The body reposed in state
in the front parlor of the house. The
features were calm and peaceful. Upon
the coffin had been placed cut flowers
and handsome floral pieces of every
description and in great quantity.
The offerings came from, the Police
Department, the Police Commissioners,
the Widows' and Orphans' Aid Society,
Borromean Council (Y. M. I.), The Call
staff and the various presentations of
friends. The pieces were various in
form, representing stars, shields and
other appropriate emblems. On the cof
fin were noticed sheaves of wheat and
a wreath of immortelles.
At the hour set for service the Church
of St. Charles Borromeo was filled to
Its utmust capacity with friends of the
murdered officer, while there had es
sembled 150 policemen and the various
officers, to exhibit the last mark of re
spect and to share with the bereaved
wile the sorrow lor one who ha.d been
a true husband, an honest, upright
man and an officer who, when duty
called. feared not to risk and
to lose his life in reply to
the summons. Besides these were
present the officers and members
rromtran Council No. 129, Young
Men's Institute, the officers and mem
bers of the WldowB 1 and Orphans' Aid
!>- and hundreds who never knew
the dead lieutenant during his lifetime,
save from the publication of . his bril
liant deeds performed in the service of
the public.
The scene at the church when the
hour arrived for the service was unique
in the extreme, as every seat and even
standing room was at a premium. The
police formed in a line, holding the
crowd back, and when the somber fu
neral carriage reached the sidewalk
the body was borne into the church.
At the door it was met by Faiher Cum
mings, pastor of the church, and two
acolytes, who sprinkled holy water, on
the casket as it was carried into the
sacred edifice and placed on a dais
before the altar. The casket was fol
lowed closely by Chief of Police Lees,
Police Commissioners Tobin, Alvord
and Gunst and Police Judge Conlan,
after which followed the widow, lean
ing on the arm of Patrick Burke, a
brother of the dead officer. The detail
of police then marched in and occupied
seats that had been reserved for them
in the body of the church.
A solemn high requiem mass was
eaid, Father James McDonKld, sub
deacon, being the celebrant. Schmidt's
"Requiem Mass" was sun); by the
choir, composed of Miss M. A. Stevens,
soprano; Miss May Corlett, alto; Man
lloyd Jones, tenor; L. A. Larsen, bas
fo, and Mrs. Paul B. Hay, organist and
director.
Before the close of the mass the Rev.
Father Cummings, who had Known the
deceased and admired him for his
many acts of goodness, delivered a
short eulogy. After having read a
chapter in the Bible from Thessaloni
ans and from St. John, he said:
"When the epitaph of our c"cad friend
comes to be written the woids will be,
'Died doing his duty.' He vis a man
devoted to his duty, faithfu! under all
circumstances, all condition , and his
death, though sad, was a ft ting close
to an honorable, and dutiful |ife. There
Is no need, gentlemen, to sp ;ak to you
of the worth of him as a n^tn and an
officer. You who knew him* who were
with him night and day Jfigh unto
twenty years, knew his *eal merit,
how hard he worked, how faithful to
duty. It was known to yc*i, as It is
now known to the whole * city, how
brave he was. He bore the honor and
respect of his superiors: he u-as looked
upon as a model. To him <'.:ity meant
more than the mere answe'ing to roll
call or keeping the peace in various
ways or as a guardian of thy public."
His Christian character and his de
votion to his church was dwelt on at
some length.
Continuing, the speaker said: "His
death, his devotion to duty, we feel
assured will recommend him favorably
to the generous Christ, and of him like
wise we know it will be said: 'Well
done, thou good and faithful servant:
ADVERTISEMENTS.
; ELECTRO-MEDICAL :
! NERVOUS DISEASES __i
'■U Tnsomnia Hysteria, Chronic Headachei, Nervous Twlchings. Cold Feet""",
'&— SINKING SPELLB. NERVOUS DISBIUTY and all its attendant ailments. AND 9,
3*NKIN<i SPELLS. NERVOUS DEBILITY and all its attendant ailmente. Thesfc,
I"^ awful effects of neglected or improperly treated cases, producing Weakness of fg^ ,
Vf Body and Brain, Dizziness, Fulling Memory. Lack of Energy and Confidence, \J) ,
CheSt pain" and other distressing symptoms. Our Electro-Medical treatment i, w* ,
h the onlr successful cure for nervous ailments. . M ,r» m i,
' Isa TO Tlf VOL'TH who is suffering th- results of indiscretions. to the MID- «
I"^ DLE-AOED and OLD MEN who are paying the penalties for excesses ana too ,
\ffk fkgts. life, tills treatment is a certain cure. It imparts new life to the whole \
I Wboay; it Invigorates the weak and dormant organs, all their natural strength J,
t returns the mind becomes bright and active, the muscles become firm and™!,
"tong in fac?the whole being is filled with new life and vital. ty, bringing to - ,
■■man the manly Dower and mental brightness whicti is necessary lor him to|^ 4
I »« po^ess in order w^ope with the realitfes of life. We, truthful say to^aU *-,
■_ iuffering from such troubles that our treatment is THE CURE; it Is ■bsolnte. ■ ,
;3, it is certain; it Is positive; It is lasting; it never fails; it makes MAN the MAN "I,
, - in every sense of the word.  ■ ■» <
» !■ - Write if you cannot call. i 1 * \
! CONSULTATION FREE at Office or by Letter. <
I STATE-ELECTRO MEDICAL INSTITUTE j
! ENTRANCE. 3 EDDY STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. ( «
TAKING THE CARGO OUT OF THE NEW YORK BY TROLLEY
The illustration represents the New York as she lies in Halfmoon Bay
while her cargo is being taken out by means of a wire trolley stretched
from a fifty-foot cliff on the shore above the sandy beach to the deck of
the ship. The beach is composed of quicksand four feet in depth, and for
that reason it is not possible for wagons to travel over it. Hence the top
of the fifty-foot cliff has been utilized as the place for depositing the cargo
as it comes over the trolley. It will be seen that the ship has not much of
a list In fact, her hull is uninjured, and it is expected that when all her
cargo shall have been unloaded she can be hauled off with a tug and saved.
Thou has been faithful over a feu
things; I will place thee over many.'
At the conclusion of the services in
the church the body was borne
to the hearse, accompanied by the
honorary pall - bearers, who were:
Sergeants l"rice, Mooney. Donovan and
McManus, Lieutenants Hannah, Bird
sail, Esola and Bennett. These, with a
squad of twenty-five policemen under
command of Sergeant Bethel, escorted
the body to the Holy Cross Cemetery,
where it was interred.
The escort from tlti church to the
train consisted of Chief of Police Lees
with fifty men from Company A, Cap
tain Wittman; fifty men from Com
pany B, Captain Spillane; and fifty
men from Company C, Captain Gillin.
Following the police the representa
tives of the Widows' and Orphans' As
sociation marched. The officers were:
John Martin, president; John Fitz
henry, vice-president; Sam Rankin,
financial secretary; and Directors But
terworth, Williams, Houghtaling and
Anderson.
The officers and members of Borro
mean Council of the Young Men's In
stitute came next.
At Holy Cross Cemetery the cortege
was met by Father Brady, who officiat
ed and offered up the last prayer over
the remains.
The floral offerings were numerous
and expensive. It required two wagons
to convey them to the cemetery- Vacant
chairs, broken wheels, pillows and in
fact everything emblematic of death
and sorrow were worked into floral de
vices. But the most impressive one of
all was the patrol-wagon and horse.
The horse was in white roses, while the
wagon was in evergreens with the
words, "His last ride," in violets. This
piece was placed on the grave by the
four lieutenants who accompanied his
remains.
The bottom of the grave and also the
sides were lined with canvas, on which
were numerous white flowers stitched
on the cloth which concealed the grave.
Under the provisions of the pension
law and the rules of the department
the widow gets $1100 from the widows'
and orphans' fund, and $45 a month as
pension from the city as long ao she
lives or remains unmarried.
COWARDICE SUSPECTED.
The Actions of Officers Ken-
nedy and Wilkinson to
Be Investigated.
Detective Cody has been specially de
tailed by Chief Lees to make a thor
ough investigation into the actions of
Officers Wilkinson and Kennedy at the
time of the murder of Lieutenant
Burke.
Just what they were doing when their
officer lay in front of the miser's cabin
has been a matter of some conjecture,
and it is strongly suspected that they
behaved in a most cowardly manner.
If it can be proven that they willfully
got themselves out of the way of dan
ger and allowed the wounded man to
take his chances at the hands of the
frenzied assassin no time will be lost in
ridding the department of the odium
of their presence.
Sergeant Russell has been instructed
to prepare models of the shanty and
surroundings, and these will be used as
evidence in the coming trial.
Apart from the actions of the two of
ficers and the distrust in which they
have been viewed, stands the character
of George Cashel, the driver, who is be
ing everywhere lauded as the hero of
the hour. His many friends on the
force are preparing a handsome reward
for him as a token of their esteem for
a man who did not know how to flinch
in time of danger.
HOFF PROSECUTION CLOSED.
The Prisoner Will Now Have a
Chance to Offer Evidence in
His Own Defense.
Albert Hoff will have an opportunity on
Monday next to explain his actions on
the day of the murder of Mrs. Clute. The
prosecution closed its case yesterday.
Stenographer Heyneman's story of
Hoff's actions before the Chief of Police
was corroborated by Detective John Sey
mour, who told how Hoff tried to conceal
the wound on his hand by placing his hat
over it and of the cxpliination Hoff gave
of the wound. Mr. Seymour then told of
his taking Hoff to the scene of his crime,
how he was confronted by Mrs. Leprg.
who lived immediately beneath the resi
dence of the murdered woman, and of
her identification of the prisoner. The
prosecution then rested its case and
court adjourned until Monday, when the
•'«'onse will put in its evidence.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 26, 1898.
WHEN THE BAND
BEGINS TO PLAY
Ready for the Opening of
the California League
Season To-Day.
Colonel Robinson Will Do the
Honors and Lead the Pro
cession.
Enthusiastic Cranks Will Swarm at
Recreation Park to Cheer Their
Favsrites on to Victory.
Colonel T. Perennial Robinson is with
us again in all his glory, and this
afternoon his commanding figure,
swathed in gorgeous raiment will be
the star attraction on Market street.
For the colonel has rounded up another
scintillating aggregation of ball-swat
ters, and with them as a counter
balance will sally forth at the head of
a soul-inspiring band to inaugurate the
regular season of the California Base
ball League.
Of course there will be a procession,
and of equal certainty will the colonel
lead it, for what would a baseball turn
out be without his lengthiness to swing
the baton? The parade will start from
the Baldwin Hotel at 1:15 o'clock in the
following order: The colonel and his
band with a string of carriages contain
ing these promoters of the great Amer
ican game:
California League officers— H. H. Mc-
Pike, president; Charles E. Wiggins, sec
retary.
San Jose Baseball Club— S. N. Rueker,
President; James Rueker, vice-president;
George E. Owens, secretary.
Oakland Club— H. A. Tubbs. president;
Charles Hannan, secretary! C. J. Heese
man, J. T. Moran.
San Francisco — Victor Duboce. presi
dent; Thomas Clfiary, secretary; James A.
Margo, Grattan D. Phillips.
Tumplres— McDonald and Jeffries.
Everrett Sharp, captain; players in uni
form; players.
San Francisco League Clvb — George D.
Bunker, manager; Marty Murphy, cap
tain; players.
Oakland Baseball Clvb — J. Cal Ewing.
manager; Fred Lange Jr., captain; play
ers.
This is the line of parade: Baldwin
Hotel to Market street, to California, to
Sansome, to Sutter, to Montgomery^ to
California, to Kearny, to Market, to
Eighth, to Recreation Park.
The park will be reached by 2 o'clock,
and for an hour, until game is called,
the fans will be given an opportunity
to divide their attention between ad
miring the colonel (who will positively
be on exhibition) and listening to an
excellent concert. Jim McDonald will
umpire the game. The California
League has secured his services until
his departure for the East to fill his
contract with the National League, and
for the next three weeks he will give
decisions at the big park at Eighth and
Harrison streets.
The children of all the orphan asy
lums in town have enthusiastically ac
cepted the invitation extended by the
league to attend the opening game, and
j the bleachers will be given over to the
little ones. The colonel will see that
they are properly supplied with pea
nuts and popcorn.
The grounds are in excellent condi
tion for the game, a vast amount of
j work having been performed during the
week on them. The fences have been
moved back sixteen feet, giving that
j much more space for the players. The
j opening game will be between San
i Francisco and San Jose, and when Um
i pire McDonald yells "play ball" they
j will line up as follows:
! San Francisco — H. Krug. shortstop or
J pitcher: Kelly shortstop or third base;
Murphy, first base; K. Krug, second base;
Hearty, left field; Pyne, center field;
Broekhoff, right field; Stroecker, catcher;
! Lee or Iberg, pitcher.
San Jose — Collins, short stop; Hall or
Reilly. second base; Ford, catcher; Shee
han. left field: Parker, center field; Dean
right field; Sharp or Hall, third base;
Weed, first base; Wheeler, pitcher; Hoff
man, extra.
For Sunday the league managers
have secured an extra attraction in the
person of big Jim Jeffries, the putdlist,
who knows all about the came and will
double up with McDonald In umpiring.
Charlie Chase of Stockton has also
been appointed to the- staff of umpires,
and the third will be selected next
week.
The Club Woman
Finds herself wittily dissected in rhyme
by Ella M. Sexton in this week's Town
Talk. There Is a clever editorial on the
question of marriage and another on the
yellow journalism. The Saunterer tells
stories about some well-known judges
and Press Club members, and gives the
latest news in politics, society, club and
stage life. Dramatic and musical crit
iques upon late happenings; a full-page
portrait of beautiful Anna Held, pictures
of Crawford, Mrs. Alfred Abbey, Miss
Sadie Qulnn, and others adorn the pages.
The star attraction of the number, how
ever, is a poem on the Press Club's motto
by Town Talk's own Scribbler.
The oldest sailing-craft in the world Is
' the so-called Gokstad ship, a Viking ves
sel, which was discovered in a sepulchral
i mound on the shores of Chrlstiania fjord.
1 It is a thousand years old.
INSPECTOR
O'BRIEN HAS
A SINECURE
A School Department
Employe's Private
Contract.
Paid by the City to Attend
to His Personal
Interests.
Draws Salary for the Time He
Is Engaged in Other
Work.
STANCH FRIEND AT COURT.
Director Ragan a Brother-in-Law of
the Man Who Has Charge of
the School Buildings.
John J. O'Brien has what may with
entire truthfulness be termed a "snap,"
and, needless to say, he knows how to
make the most of it.
Mr. O'Brien is inspector of build
ings for the School Department,
for which he draws a salary of $150 a
month. He is also a brother-in-law of
School Director Ragan.
Mr. O'Brien's duties require his In
spection of all the school buildings, to
ascertain what they need in the way
of additions, repairs, etc., and to see
that the necesary work is done. This
in itself would seem to require about
all the inspector's time, and certainly
it was the supposition when the position
was established and the salary placed
at the comfortable figure named above
that the man who filled the place would
give his time to the city.
But Mr. O'Brien evidently has dif
ferent views on the subject, and is a
believer in the old adage that "a public
office is a private snap." For although
the gentleman has held the position
ever since the present board went into
office, he has found plenty of time to
engage in the business of contractor on
the outside and to superintend his pri
vate work when the occasion required.
One such j»b in particular, which The
Call has succeeded in bringing to light,
will illustrate how Mr. O'Brien has
used the time he should have given to
his public duties to carry out his pri
vate enterprises. The property at 724 j
Mission street, on which stands the
Niagara Hotel, a small frame structure,
is owned by a gentleman named Sey
mour, but is controlled by E. W. Haw
kins, the real-estate agent. Last sum
mer it was deemed necessary' to put a i
new brick foundation under the build
ing and in th>? absence of Mr. Seymour
Mr.' Hawkins pave the job to O'Brien.
The work was performed last Septem
ber under O'Brien's supervision, and
the money paid to him by Mr. Haw
kins, as is shown by the receipt held
by the latter.
During that time O'Brien was draw
ing his regular salary from the School
Department, as shown by the payroll,
and President Barrington says that so
far as he knows the Inspector never
asked for, or was gra.nted, a vacation
since his appointment. While Mr.
O'Brien was carrying on his private
contract on Mission street he may have
found time to- make an occasional tour
of the school buildings— there is noth
ing to show that he did not — but the j
fact remains that not content to give j
his entire time during working hours
to the duties for which he was :
liberally paid by the taxpayers he j
engaged in a private undertaking,
and that, too, without the knowledge
of the board.
A Call reporter called upon Agent
WHERE O'BRIEN PERFORMED HIS CONTRACT.
' Hawkins yesterday and asked him who
put in the new foundation under the
Niagara Hotel, and the answer
promptly given was: "Mr. J. J. O'Brien,
the inspector of the School Depart
ment. At least, he is the man I made
the arrangements with and to whom
I paid the money for the work."
Asked where Mr. O'Brien could be
found, he replied that he was usually
i at the repair-shop until 9 o'clock in the
I morning. After that hour it would be
; a difficult matter to catch him, unless
it was at the City Hall or at his resi
dence, 6HV2 Broderick street. Mr.
Hawkins was asked the date that the
work was performed, and said he could
only tell by the receipts given him by
O'Brien. These showed three pay-
I ments, two during the month of Sep
The fac-simile y*^^ sf&/r^Lj&. **• ** on every ™PP er
signature of (da&ffi&oZte : of CASTOEIA.
MARION CRAWFORD IS HERE,
Author, Navigator and Cosmopolitan, He
Appears Master of His Fate,
There is wonderful vitality In Marion Crawford, whose name, as the writer
of many successful novels, is known from one end of the Union to the other.
Though" he only arrived in San Francisco yesterday morning, having traveled all
night from Ogden, he was found looking fresh as paint in his sitting room at
the Palace, ready either to be interviewed or to discuss business details with his
indefatigable manager. Major Pond.
There was a humorous twinkle in his clear blue eyes as he motioned his visi
tor to a seat, and held out the cigar box. "Look out for the matches." he said,
"or Major Pond will get them. Why, I've known that man to absorb forty
seven boxes of matches into various parts of his person, and still cry out for
more. I call him Judas Pond, because he carries the bag of silver, you know."
Major Pond, who is a man of wide experience, laughed good humoredly at
this little sally. It is evident that the entrepreneur and his lecturer are on the
best of terms.
"We have had a splendid trip," went on Mr. Crawford, "and I am delighted
to get this chance of seeing the country. I have never been West before, and
California is an unexplored land to me. But everywhere I have met with the
kindliest of receptions."
"It is a wonder you never thought of exploring the Californlan field of ro
mance."
"Bret Harte was there before me," replied Mr. Crawford, "and besides I
have been so busy in other parts of the world that I have had no time to study
the peculiar conditions of the Pacific Coast."
It is no wonder, Mr. Crawford is just now about as busy a writer as is to
be found in any part of the world. Though he is only 44 years of age. he has
produced no less than thirty novels, and even whilst traveling is actively work
ing upon another.
"This is how I work," said the author, as he held up a loosely bound vol
ume of yellow sheets. "I write upon my knee, so, I find that is the best
way of working. This is a medieval romance, which "is to be brought out by
Macmillan's in November. No, they do not wish the name known at present, or
else I would tell you, *nit they are in a hurry for the copy, and I have to
keep on sending it in as I go along, writing during the intervals of travel. Here
is the penholder with which I work," and Mr. Crawford held up a large and
venerable wooden holder. "All my novels have been written with this, though,
of course, the nib has been changed occasionally."
It would not do to mention what kind of a nib it was; that would be a direct
advertisement for the manufacturers, but it was a large soft steel one. And
Mr. Crawford's writing is small and cramped, so that It is not very easy to de
cipher.
"I have often been blamed for writing too fast," he remarked, "but that Is
simply because people do not understand my method of working. I know my
books by heart before I even begin to write them. I have everything composed
ready in my head before I start. I may have been evolving the plot for two or
three years, doing other work in the meantime.
When the whole outline of the story Is framed, the Incidents and characters
decided upon, and not until then. I sit down to write. I get up early in the
morning, and go on writing perhaps for nine hours every day. At this rate I
can manage 5000 words a day, and write one of my long stories, of about 150,000
words, in five weeks or so. But it is not faJr to accuse, me, as some critics have
done, of writing too rapidly; it is only the mere mechanical transposition that I
do at this speed. I am very slow and careful when composing."
Despite the enormous amount of literary work he has given the world, the
author does not show the slightest signs of exhaustion. His frame is vigorous
and erect, he carries himself with military bearing. His face is slightly bronzed
through travel, his forehead high and intellectual, his hair, now getting rather
thin, has only the very slightest tendency toward grayness.
"You see, I come of a very strong family," explained Mr. Crawford, "or else
I would never have been able to get through such an amount of work and show
no ill effects. All my ancestors were Rhodo Island people; they have been
buried at Newport since 1868. Some of them lived to be over 100, and nearly all
of them exceeded the allotted span of man's life. It is recorded of my grand
uncle, Richard Ward, that he once threw a mad bull which tried to gore him.
He seized the bull by the horns and turned him over with the greatest ease.
It was the last modern performance of this wonderful feat."
No wonder Mr. Crawford is strong, both physically and mentally. With
bull-fighting ancestors and artistic parents, he has had every chance to develop
his powers. And the free, wandering life which he has led, tied to no country
nor nationality, has tended to enlarge his mind and give him that marked
breadth of conception which is his strongest characteristic when dealing with
human nature. Crawford's father was a famous American sculptor, Thomas
Crawford, living at Rome, where the author was born. But the young Marion
got his early scholastic training in the States, and then, to round off his edu
cation, he spent some years at the English university at Cambridge, India ap
pealed to him, as it has done to many other clever men, with its wealth of mys
tic lore, and in 1880 he became the editor of a small up-country paper.
Strangely enough, Sinnett, who has also become known to fame as a Theo
sophical writer, was his rival editor, and the two formed a close friendship.
"It was there I wrote my first novel," said Mr. Crawford. "At least, I did not
know I was writing a novel then. I merely wrote the book to amuse my uncle.
It was just after Mme. Blavatsky's manifestation of occult phenomena, and
Mr. Isaacs was the result. Mr. Isaacs himself was taken from real life; he
was the famous jeweler of Simla, Jacobs, who was concerned in a great diamond
case. And most of the preternatural happenings in the book are taken from
my own experience."
"Then you believe in the workings of the occult brotherhood?"
"Oh, no; I have seen most of the tricks which Oriental jugglers can accom
plish, and my theory is that the audience is hypnotized. I am sure I have been
hypnotized myself on several occasions. I did not write any more Indian books,
though. Other matters attracted my attention, and by the time I was ready
to turn to the subject again, Kipling was in the field. He has an inherited
knowledge of Indian life and. lore, which makes him facile prlnceps when deal
ing with the East. I have never met Kipling in the flesh, but I have thegreatest
admiration for his work."
At present Mr. Crawford divides his attention between each side of the At
lantic. His home is in a romantic villa at Sorrento, by the side of the beautiful
Bay of Nades, but for about half the year he works in New York. In addition
to his many other accomplishments, the author Is also a practical sailor. He
crossed the Atlantic recently In a New Y*ork Pilot boat, which he bought and
fitted up as a yacht. "I have been used to the sea from boyhood." he says mod
estly. "I can sail anything, and hold a master's certificate from the New York
Association of Certified Ship Masters. So I navigated my own yacht across the
Atlantic, and though we had much rough weather, we got through without car
rying away a rope yarn." r-
tember and one early In October. Mr.
Hawkins explained that while the work
was being done O'Brien asked him for
some money, saying he needed it to pay
off his men. He was given the money,
and Mr. Hawkins inferred from the
dates on the receipts that the work
must have been commenced about the
first of September. It required about
a month to complete it.
The payrolls of the Board of Educa
tion show that O'Brien has drawn his
$150 per month regularly since his ap
pointment.
President Barrington of the board last
evening disavowed all knowledge of
O'Brien having been engaged in any
private enterprise since his appoint
ment, and said it could not have been
known to more than one or two mem
bers, if any. He said that so far as he
knew O'Brien had drawn his salary
regularly and had not been granted
any leave of absence. Had It been
known that the Inspector had been
using the time he was supposed to be
attending to his duties for his private
J benefit it would have been stopped sum
i marily, for although there was no rule
i that he knew of prohibiting employes of
the department from adding to their
Incomes outside of the department, a
regular employe like O'Brien and the
I two storekeopers. the scavenger and
| the teamster and the office clerks,
would not be permitted to attend to
other matters. Such a rule, Mr. Bar
rington said, would work great hard
ships on many teachers, particularly
those of the night schools, who are
paid but $50 a month and are obliged
to seek other employment during the
days, but there were restrictions
placed upon even the teachers in this
respect.
The president admitted that O'Brien
was a broth<>r-in-law of Director Ra
gan, but said he had be.en appointed to
his position as inspector before the doc
tor became a member of the board.
What, if any, action will be taken in
O'Brien's cas • Mr. Barrington could not
say.
• ♦ . •
Tho rallwa> 5 of the world carry over
40,000,000 pass ngers weekly.
Innocen* Children Sacrificed.
The "slaugtv. rof the Innocents" continues,
until it is est. nated that fully one fourth of
the human racl die before attaining their fifth
birthday, owin* in great measure V:> our rig- i
orous and cha: l (feable climate. And there are
thousands of 'idults. even In this land of !
plenty that stomach, liver and br'wel com--!
plaints are rt''ucing to confirmed Invalldism j
whom Hostetsir's Stomach Bitters would j
promptly relieve and invigorate. Malaria,
rheumatism aj'.i kidney trouble yield to the
Bitters. j
— :
SUPPLIES
> KLONDIKE
I* ;' should include ': i
i; BORDEN S
Peerless Brand
EVAPORATED CREAM<
,' UNSWEETENED { )
i 1 The high reputation for keeping •)
aulity is already well estab-. ')
1 shed; hence no experiment. \ ([
J NEW YORK CONDENSED MILK CO.)
WE RENT TYPEWRITERS,
g^^%> All makes.
M^K,L.&M. ALEXANDER,
g^yg 1 10 Montgomery St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"I DO MY OWN WORK."
So Says Mrs. Mary Rochiette at
Linden, New Jersey, in this
Letter to Mrs. Pinkham.
** I was bothered with a flow which
would be quite annoying at times, and
at others wouJd almost stop.
" I used prescriptions given me by my
tor, and began ''* *
taking your medi-
cine, and have certainly been greatly
benefited by its use.
"Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound has indeed been a friend to me.
" I am now able to do my own work,
thanks to your wonderful medicine. I
was as near death I believe as I could
be, so weak that my pulse scarcely beatt
and my heart had almost given out. I
could not have stood it one week more,
lam sure. I never thought I would
be so grateful to any medicine.
" I shall use my influence with any
one suffering as I did, to have them
use Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound."
Every woman that is puzzled about
her condition should secure the sympa-
thetic advice of a woman who under-
stands. Write to Mrs. Pinkham at
Lynn, Mass.. and tell her your ills.
SPLENDID SYNOPSIS
OF
NEW CHARTER
IN
The Star
THIS WEEK
BY ONE OP THE MOST ACTIVE OP THE
FREEHOLDERS.
THE PRESS AND THE MAINE EX-
PLOSION.
FIGURES ON GAMBLING.
WICKED DELAYS OF LAW.
CONTRACT FRAUDS,
And Ail the Live Questions of the Day.
JAMES H. BARRY, Editor.
SUBSCRIPTION" $1.50 Per Year
OFFICE— 429 Montgomery St.
ALASKA
GOLD BONDS.
SECURITY— FOR
GRUBSTAKES.
THE ALASKA PROSPECTORS' STNDl-
cate Company offers for sale five thousand
(5000) non-Interest bearing bonds of the value
of five dollars ($5 00) each.
The bondholders are guaranteed thirty per
cent (30%) of the gross proceeds of the product
of 35 to 40 prospectors in Alaska outfitted by
the company.
The following table shows the. sum that
each $5 bond will realize for the investor on a
given gross product of any amount from $100,-
000 to $2,000,000:
Total Product by Redemption Value of
35 to 40 Men. - Each $5 Bond.
$100,000 $6 00
200.000 • 12 00
300.000 ■ • 18 00
600,000 - - 30 00
1,000,000 ■ 60 00
2,000.000 120 00
These bonds are secured by contracts with
and insurance policies and collaterals from
prospectors to whom the company advances'
60% of their expenses.
The bonds of the Alaska Prospectors* Syndi-
cate Company offer the completest protection to
those who desire to grubstake their acquaint-
ances. JSjJI*JS|
J£^* A Subscriber to 25 Bonds is
Entitled to Nominate One Pros-
pector.
■ Gold mining under the most favorable cir-
cumstances is r necessarily speculation, but
these bonds give those who find the money
much more of a show than is at all usual.
• The bonds will be sold on the following
terms: On allotment, $1, and $1 per week
until paid. " .  
Thousands of people who would go to Alas-
ka and for one reason or another cannot. are.
prepared to Invest in the chances open to all
to get some share of the millions of gold that
will be gathered in the gold fields during the
next two years. , _
The Alaska Prospectors' Syndicate Company
offers just such an opportunity. <
Agents wanted. Liberal commissions.
For further information address or apply to
HENRY G.SHAW,
President Alaska Prospectors' Syndicate Co.,
Room 32, No. 4 Sntter St.
SAN FRANCISCO. I
MADE ME A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
-4 JS> rrou-s THseaae*— Failing Mem-
ory, Impotency. Sleeplessness, etc., caused
It Abuse or other Excesses and Indis- .
cretions. They quickly and eurelu
reetoro Lost Vitality la old or younc and
1 1 a man for study, bo6lnss3 or marriage.
£» i iev»nt Insanity and Consumption it .
mi. Their uso shows immediate improTe-
montaiid eihets a OUUE where all other fail In-
•iet upon hiring the genuine Ajnx Tablets. They
hare cured thousands and 1 cure you. Wp era a pos-
itive written guarantee to etf act a cure Efl |»TC la
each case or refund the money. Price W l«i per
package: or six pieces (full treatment) for 12.60. By
mail in plain wrapper, upon receipt of price. Circular
««••■ aJax remedy CO., HSfA^'?.?. 1 -
For sale In San Francisco by l«ipnit« * Co..
B0 Butter. No-Percentage Pharmacy. 953 Mitt.
\ fIA ; Ohlobeater's Eaclixh IHaatend BraaC '
fEHfiYRQVAL PSLLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
B^/HS^W Original and Only Genuine. A\:
;■'. (■ %{ kiiiw Dru^giit iot'Chizheittn tnglii\ Pia/fk\
Efti&£3Si\mc,i<i Brand In lied lad Gold meu'.lic\\fty
- XM ' •« llod with blne rihl x> n - T«ke vy
-Km »^»Jiio other. R<fut* dangrraus tubttltu- V
I-/ . fVtiora and imitation: At rist., or mii< 4«.
-' I W • JJf it lt»inp» tat p»rtlcnl«r«, te»timon!«i-. sad
' . « •■» jjC " Keller for Ladle*,** in tetur, by t-tara j
_X . Fir Mall. 10-OOUTfttlmonUls. tfmur, ,'apcr.
. vv — — /^Clilohe«t*r Chemical Co., M nilltoai
■ 4kdt(y all Local [iTi^'U. PJIIL.VIi^I'A.
_ — _____
t'Jid^b^Mß rr ' i? ** is a non-poisonona
«4*^HH^^^4bb_di remedy for Gonorrhoea,
*_^VcCKEb^En Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
ifx*aMnltos.l»7i.\?l Whites, unnatural dig-
/*t\/ Oc»ranMed \tj charges, or any inflamma-
jbCwTJ not to sirieiare. tion, irritation or ulcera-
§■— — JPreTenu eonusloa. ■ . tien of mucous Dem-
fKIrKEEvAiSS t)ran< ' 3 - Non-astringent.
'%fIkciKCINMTI.O ° Id by Dpu «r*"*»'
«%&*V usa _Bf or sent D Pa ' D wrapper,
JXS&imt*! ' L^Fia by expreßs, prepaid, for
vHMite^Va 11-00,I 1 - 00 , or 3 Dottles. |2.75.
t'^BP'V' ■ Circular toot on request.
910
WHERE ANGLERS
CAN WHIP
FOR GAME TROUT.
Anglers do not hope for enjoyable
sport whipping coast streams this year.
For the past live or six seasons trout
fishing has been very poor because of
the scarcity of fish, which were in
variably caught by poachers before the
season for trout-fishing opened.
Of course, when those who defy the
fish laws are aware that no arrests have
been made, they become bold and reck
less and as a result they fish whenever
trout can be taken by any means. Then
the limited stocking which the coast
streams have received has been another
drawback to the angling fraternity.
Fish Commissioner Vogelsang has an
nounced that the coast streams will be
thoroughly stocked with rainbow trout
this year, and it Is hoped that the rail
road companies whose lines pass within
easy reach of favorite anglins waters,
■will lend the commission assistance in
Its attempt at stocking streams prop
erly.
The old system of dumping trout fry
into deep pools where large trout hide
should be abolished by the present
Board of Fish Commissioners, as the
only "pleasure" that the commission can
expect from such a lazy method of
stream-stocking is in the reading in its
biennial report to the Governor of the
thousands of little trout that were pitched
into the streams to be the food of pre
datory fishes.
Unless heavy rains arrive between now
and April I— which is the opening day of
the trout fishing season — anglers will find
the coast streams as low in April as they
were In June of last year.
It is reported from some country re
sorts that several of the large breedj.ng
fishes which dashed up stream during
the last freshet have remained in fresh
water, being unable to return when the
streams receded.
As far as fingerlings are concerned, it
Is hoped that anglers will not display any
of the feelings of the trout hog, which
are solely for quantity.
Trout fry under five inches in length
should be returned to the stream, and it
Is a very poor excuse for any angler to
have baby trout in his basket simply
because they were dead when they
reached his lingers. Dead or alive, trout
under four or five inches in length should
not find a resting place in the basket of
an angler who loves the sport of fly
fishing.
Those who are not acquainted with the
streams where in past years anglers have
enjoyed happy hours, will find the in
formation they desire by glancing over
The Call's summary of favorite trout
waters as follows:
The Nicasio is a good early stream. To reach
Its waters take the North Pacific Coast line
to Nicasio, walk over the hills to the north
and fish down the stream to the Paper Mill.
The upper portion of the Nicasio is known as
the San Geronimo. To fish this creek get off
at San Geronimo station and commence fishing
right at the station.
Following the line of this road, the San
Anselmo is the next good early stream but
this year It Is fished out. To fish its waters
go to Fairfax, fish down stream several
miles and take the return train at San An- i
selmo.
The next stream is the Lagiinltas. a beau
tiful body of water.
Leave the train at Lagunitas station, better
known as the '•Wood Pile." and fish down
the Carson to the Lagunitas and then either
up stream or down to Camp Taylor; or go to
San .Rafael, take the Bolinas stage to Lib
erty, the headwaters of the Lagunitas, and
fish down stream to the '•Wood Pile." where
you can take the return train. This is a ten
mile walk and can be finished in a manner,
but It will take two days to fish it prop
erly. It is a small stream, at Fairfax and
somewhat bushy, but is full of inviting pools
and riffles.
Olema Creek is one of the best early sea
son streams. Take the train to Tocaloma, then
stage tow miles to Olema, or get off at Point
and fish up stream. There are several
miles of good water before you reach the
Country Club preserve.
One of the most popular fishing resorts on
this line is Point Reyes. Paper Mill creek at
tliis point furnishes the best of sport both
early and late in the season. Steelheafls and
grilse may be caught at any time, and one
should go prepared for large fish.
There are two streams on this line known
as Salmon creek.
The one near Tomales Is properly Mud
Creek. To reach this stream leave the train
Just after it crosses the trestle at Tomales
and fish up stream.
Salmon Creek proper Is a beautiful stream
that empties into the ocean and afford 3 many
miles of good fishing. Go to Bodega roads
it is a plf-asant walk to the stream.
To those who can spend two or three days.
Duncans Mills provides an abundant choice
of good streams. Austin Creek, one mile from
the El Bonita Hotel, is a very fine stream,
that clears up very quickly after a rain
There are plenty of native fish and 10,000 rain
bow trout were planted there five or six years
ago, and several large rainbow trout were
caught near the mouth of this stream last
season.
Kidd creek, a -branch of the Austin, four
miles from Duncans, is one that can be de
pended upon for a nice lot of ttgh.
Old Bridge creek, another branch of the
Austin, two miles from Duncans, is a nice
little stream.
Freezeout. one quarter mile from Duncans, is
good almost any time for a nice breakfast.
Willow Creek, three miles south of Duncans,
Is one of the surest creeks few any season.
Sheep House Creek, which empties into the
Russian River directly opposite Willow Creek,
is another good creek. Howards Creek, three
and a half miles north of Duncans, empties
into the Russian at Russian River station.
This is another excellent stream. Russian
Gulch Creek, eight miles north of Duncans,
empties into the ocean. This ia a large stream
that stands lots of flshinc. Jennie Gulch, four
miles south of Duncans, empties into the Rus
sian near its mouth. This is a good small trout
creek. All of the streams of this section are
accessible by county roads.
From Cazadero the upper Austin can be
fished, and just above the town is Ward
Creek, one of its tributaries, an excellent
early stream.
The East Austin can be reached by a two
mile walk to Watson's place. This Is one of
the very lip^t streams of that section.
The Little Guallala, a six-mile drive from
Cazadero. is a pood early stream of fair size.
Two young men took out over 1000 trout iri
three days' fishing in the Upper Austin last
April.
In Alameda County a pond early stream is
Alameda Creek. Go to Sunol or Pleasanton
and fish down stream.
San Pablo Creek is another excellent early
etream, but it is quickly fished out. On Sun
day you can take the California and Nevada
Railway at Emery station anil go to Bryants,
Orlnda Park, fish about four hours, and re
turn the same day. or go up one day and come
back the next. Some excellent catches of
good-sized fish were made in this etream early
last year.
There are many creeks and side streams
that can be reached from Los Gatos. Guada
loup Mine Creek, which is about four miles
from the town of I>is Gatoe, Is a good early
stream. L.os Gatos Creek, four miles from the
town of Lon Gatos, is another fine stream, as
Is also Saratoga Creek, four miles, and
Stephens Creek, eight miles distant.
San Mateo County. from Bp&niahtown or
Halfmoon Bay, to Pescadero, contains many
email mountain streams that are always good
at the first of the season. The Purissima is
one of the best. To rea<-h this stream go to
San Mateo and stage to Spanishtown, then
take a team to Mrs. Dougherty's, if you go
In the afternoon. If y<.u go in the niornlng
the stage will take you right through.
To reach the Ran Gregorio, another excel
lent stream, go to Redwood City and drive
over the hills to the creek. The I>a Honda,
another favorite stream. Is on the same road.
Further south are the I>obit^s, Trinitas, Clear
Creek, Ponpano, Peacadero. P.urtano and Fri-
Joles — all excellent eariy streams.
Boulder Creek is another good stream. Take
♦he narrow gauge to Felton, change at Fel
The Field of Sport
ton for Foulder Creek, near the headwaters
of the San Lorenzo river. Boulder Creek is
rather bushy, but is one of the best of the
early streams for small flsh. The San Lo
renzo is quite a river, but generally runs
clear early in the season.
The Coyote was an excellent early \stream
last year. Go to Gilroy Hot Springs and fish
down stream. The Yagas and Llagas are
also good.
Go to Llagas station and drive four miles
to "Nick's."
The agents of the San F-ancisco and North
Pacific Railroad have reported the condition
of the streams as follows:
Cloverdale— Streams in this vicinity In good
condition; !ish are large and plentiful.
- Vassar and Gillispie creeks are quite clear;
will be good on the first.
C>lon Ellen— The water is very low.
An excellent cast for opening day Is <a
March brown, red spinner and Benn's royal
coachman. If the red spinner does not take,
try in Its place the gray hackle, brown hackle
or black gnat. Last year on the Lagunitas,
during the middle of the day. anglers had
excellent luck with the Alexandra— a fly with
peacock body and peacock hurl wings, closely
resembling the common housefly.
ATHLETES ARiTnOW
ON A FINE EDGE.
As each week passes the time prior to
the intercollegiate games is narrowed
down and now there are but two weeks
remaining before Stanford and California
will again meet on the tented field. The
first intercollegiate baseball game is
scheduled for April 9. The second game
will be played on the 16th of April. A
week later the blue and .gold and the
cardinal will flutter on the cinder path.
The final spring hand-to-hand encounter,
April 30, will have a diamond for its set
ting and then there will be a long rest
until the students with athletic proclivi
ties test their prowess on the gridiron
during the fall.
With but two weeks to end experiments
and to solidify a team it can hardly be
said that either college has selected the
nine which will represent it in the battle
for intercollegiate triumphs. Cochran
has had a severe trial at Berkeley and
Sheehan's work has not been what is
called a sinecure. One thing both mei>
have done and that is the attainment of
a -certain perfection in field play. The
improvement at Berkeley has been great.
Errors are less frequent and the rapidity
and style of the men in action is now a
noticeable quantity. Last Wednesday
California made but three errors in a
rattling game. Stanford is also showing
much better form, due to constant and
painstaking coaching.
It is a lamentable fact, but none the
less one of positive existence, that neither
the cardinal nor the blue and gold have
hitting teams. There are no men to re
place Elston. Krug, Hennessey and Sykes
with the stick. These men won the ma
jority of games for California last year.
Thi'ir absence may mean a lowering of
the California standards and a relegation
to its former position as the under one in
baseball affairs. T'nleas natters are de
veloped in the next two weeks the most
careful ball will be needed to win the
game for either team. Sykes. the one
good man with the stick at Berkeley, has
been kept off the team because he did
not appear regularly for practice. There
is a strong belief prevailing, however,
that he will wear the colors when the
bats are crossed on April 9.
At both institutions unabated interest is
manifested in track and field affairs.
Next Saturday the "annual handicap field
days for all the college will take place
on the university campus at Berkeley.
RING & BAKER, 1302 Market street,
i sell ".STANDARD" shirts. •
SOME OF THE EXPERT ANGLERS OF THIS CITY WHO CAN CAST A SPOON AND FLY ARTISTICALLY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 26, 1898.
YACHTING DAYS
THAT ARE
NEAR AT HAND.
The officers of the Pacific Inter-Club J
Yacht Association for 189S are as follows:
President, Dr. C. L. Tisdale of the En- ,
cinals; vice-president Louie Sonniksen of ;
the South Bays; secretary, R. R. l'Hom
medleu of the Californlas; treasurer, P. j
J. Martenstein of the Corinthians. The :
regatta committee consists of Captain
Alexander Swanson, representing the Pa- j
cine Yacht Club; J. H. Hopps, represent- j
ing the Corinthian Yacht Club; Henry
M. Landsberge.r, representing the Encinal j
Yacht Club; John W. Homer, represent- !
ing the California Yacht Club, and C. I
A. Barker, representing the South Bay j
Club. Two years ago the San Francisco j
Yacht Club, resenting the action of the |
association in disqualifying the Catherine
for the Macdonough cup, left the asso- ;
ciation. The club has now intimated that,
on receipt of an apology from the asso- |
ciation, it will join the fold again. In- !
asmuch, however, as the action of the as
sociation was approved by the delegates
of the San Franciscos to the association,
it is unlikely that the association will
tender any apology.
The association has issued the "Yacht
signal code for use in San Francisco Bay
and adjacent waters," a handsome book
of fifty-two pages, with colored plates of
the international code, the burgees of the
Btz yacht clubs on the bay, anu the flags ■■
of their commodores and vice-commo- ;
dores. Signals have been arranged to j
give information and to direct evolution;?,
also for the names of the various points j
of the bay, and of all yachts that belong
to any of the six clubs. Members of clubs
may obtain copies by addressing their :
secretaries, or by applying to Mr. A. M.
Clay, of the Bank of California.
A* meeting of the members of the San
Francisco Yacht Club is to be held at
the Merchants' Exchange on Monday
evening 1 , for the purpose of ratifying the
new by-laws and considering the question
of joining the Pacific Inter-Club Yacht
Association.
The club has adopted a uniform consist- ;
ing of a blue military tunic and a naval '■
cap.
Commodore Dr. T. L. Hill's Cygnus will
be towed down from Larkspur on April
3 to her moorings, near the San Fran
cisco clubhouse.
The sloop Will o' the Wisp (owned by
Vice-Commodore G. T. S. White of the
San Francisco Yacht Club), which broke
loose from her moorings at Sausalito last
Sunday night, and ran into "Baron"
Ghetaldi's wharf, is now on the ways at
Menotti's, and will be ready in ample
time for the opening days. The pro
gramme of the San Francisco Yacht Club
has ben drawn up, but is -.iot yet printed.
Fleet-Captain Dr. A. W. McKenzii-'s
launch Alberta went over to Tiburon last
Sunday to tow Scout. Juanita and Will
o' the Wisp out of the lagoon and over
to Sausalito; after accomplishing this, she
took a party over to Tiburon Cove, where
she stuck fast in the mud, but after four
hours' contemplation of the beauties of
Belvedere scenery, she came off without
damage. The launch Hilda, formerly
Electrix, owned by Eugene Lee, has not
been recovered.
Dr. V. Buckley and Arthur Kanzee of
the San Franciscos intend to build a
schooner yacht with an engine to push
her along when breezes fail.
Ex-Commodore G*"> - ge ri. Billings' sloop
Nixie has been lying, covered with can
vas, on Frank Stone's ways at Tiburon
all winter.
It is the intention of 'the jinks commit
tee of the Corinthian Yacht Club to dis
pense with the farce and stereopticon
that have hitherto formed the leading
features at their opening entertainments
and give a variety show. What with n>w
boats, new members and a new hotel
nearly finished at Tiburon, the Corinthi
ans lonjt forward to a very successful
season.
The schooner Florence, 32 feet over all,
formerly of the California Yacht Club,
has joined the Corinthians. The King
Brothers' sloop Lois in on Frank Stone's
ways, and is being refitted for the sea
son.
F. Stone is building a 34-foot sloop on
lines designed by the late Captain Hall.
She is a kind of compromise between the
cutter and the center-board kypes. She
is deep and has a center-board, while her
lines are fine and promise great speed.
She has not so much overhang, either
forward or aft, as many of the modern
boats.
Mignon, owned by Biber. and Secret,
owned by T. P. Tracy, are still in the la
goon, but, being dismasted, may be
brought out at any time. Secret is for
sale. Biber, with two friends, will sail
Mignon.
Alex J. Young of the sloop Clara and
ex-commodore of the Corinthian Yacht
Club is to be married in April, but as his
fiancee is a yachtswoman it will not be
necessary for him to forego yachting.
C. J. Lancaster of the sloop Edna and
commodore of the California Yacht Club,
having sold E<tna to a member of the
Corinthian Yacht CUib. will carry his flag
during IS9S on E. N.Walter's sloop Embl3.
George B. Edgar of the sloop Thelma is
vice-commodore of the California Yacht
Club.
The officers of the Encinal Yacht Club
for ISM nre: President. Dr. C. L,. Tisdale:
vice-president, P. S. Teller; secretary. W.
O. Henn; commodore. Captain J. L. Han
ley, and vice-commodore, Harold Ward.
The new board of directors is composed
of energetic men. who intend to work
hard to increase the facilities and enlarge
the membership of the club. The club
house is to be repaired, repainted and fit
ted with more electric lights. The swim
ming quarters are to be improved, and
it has been suggested that a breakwater
should be built to render the anchorage
safe for yachts. That this is needed is
shown by an experience of George
Wright in last Sunday's blow. While
cruising with hi? children and two young
men, after rounding Hay Farm Island, he
lost his center-board, and carrying his
children ashore moored the yacht. Next
day when he came to look for her she
could not be found: but later was
brought back, having been picked up on
the bay.
On Saturday, April 2, the Enclnals will
hold a social for members, and the open
ing day is definitely set for May 14. A
programme is heintr arranged for openine:
day. There will be singing, recitations
and a stereoptlcon entertainment, fol
lowed by dancing and refreshments.
Kenichi's Money.
Thomas D. Riordan, counsel for Oyama
Kenichi, the young Japanese wanted In
Yokohama for forgery, yesterday had a
writ of certiorari issued by Judge de
Haven against. United States Commis
sioner Heacock in the matter of the
Commissioner's notion in reporting to the
court that Kenichi had been guilty of an
extraditable offense and because of his
having ordered United States Marshal
Baldwin to hold in his custody the money
found on the person of Kenichi when he
was arrested.
FLEET HOUNDS
WILL MEET
IN THE SLIPS.
There is money In the coursing at the
two parks this week— money for the dog
owners, money for the individual wise
enough to "pick 'em," and sport for all.
The management at Ingleside has pro
| viderl two stakes, an open event for the
! tried performers,- and a stake for sap
lings.
The former embraces in the entry about
the "hottest" aggregation of flyers that
I have been brought together on the sward
since Ingleside first threw open its gates.
The latter shows an array of youngsters
of whom more than one-half have never
been seen in the slips. •
The running begins to-day at 1 p. m.
and to-morrow at 11 a. m.
Without landing a stake, other than a
consolation, and with absolutely no os
tentation, the two dogs, Glenroy and Old
Glory, have pulled down for Deckel
man & Panario something like $375 since
the first of the year. This, too, in mere
stake money.
What the gentlemen have realized on
divers bits of pasteboards is confined to
conjecture.
Pat Rtilly has in his charge at Ingleside
one of the largest strings being trained in
this city. Improvements will shortly be
inaugurated at Ingleside, including a bet
tering of the field, improvements in the
grand stand and better accommodations
for dog owners.
In a communication to a weekly publi
cation last week a correspondent suggest
ed that the greyhounds should be classi
fied.
He alleged that a certain quartet of
owners, having acquired a little higher
class stock than their competitors, were
(pulling down everything. The classifica
tion idea, properly inaugurated, appears
to have much to commend it. But the
winning of stakes by good dogs should
not be belittled. It is ilie breeding and
successful rearing of the top notch stock
that has acted as an incentive to others
and lifted coast coursing above that of
the entire continent.
Comparing the Monday morning sum
maries of Ingleside and Los Angeles one
might be led to believe that several of
the greyhounds are playing engagements
after the manner of the London music
hall stars. Frequently Skyball, White
Chief and divers others may be seen per
forming in both cities on the same day,
Los Angeles should take up the matter
of registration.
Immediately after to-morrow's running
at Ingleside there will also be drawn a
consolation stake in the run down. This,
with the ties of the other events, will lie
pulled off to-morrow, and practically
means that the two days' running em
braces the courses of a seventy-two dog
stake.
At Union Park to-day the followers of
coursing should certainly enjoy some ex
cellent sport. No better hares than the
ones that have been selected for to-day's
coursing can be found on this side of the
Rocky Mountains.
Good harts, good judging and good slip
ping will make popular the grand old
sport in any demesne, and the managers
of Union Coursing Park have promised
all three of these things for to-day and
to-morrow.
The probable winners at Union Park to
day are: Open stake— Move On, Lady
Grace, Lady Perm, Bonita, Arapahoe,
Mountain Beauty, Forget, Promise Me,
For Freedom, Carmen. False Flatterer,
Bonanza, Sportsman. Blackstone. Rusty
Gold, Flying Buck, Vigilant, Commodore,
St. Alicia, Sarnjßell, Harkaway, Joy
Bells, Cavalier. PVar Not. Gannon Pasha.
Veteran stake— Skyrocket, Valley Queen,
Electric, Waratah.
FIRST-CLASS TENNIS
IN PLACER COUNTY.
Invitation tournaments are the fad at
present. To-day Penryn, Placer County,
will be the scene of a grand fete, the
final act of which will be a special match
of doubles between Robert N. Whitney
and George Bradshaw, and George Whit
ney and Walter Magee. Every prepara
tion has been made to have the fete a
glittering success. J. Parker Whitney,
one of the wealthiest land-owners in that
part of the country, has been the moving
factor in the celebration. Backed up by
the Citrus Club of Loomis, he has ar
ranged a programme of events which will
consume a full day in running. Special
trains will leave Marysville and Sacra
mento, and large crowds are expected to
attend the celebration.
The next invitation tournament will
have a gathering of the tennis champions
from the two enas of the State. The
tour champions of this section of the
State will go all the way to Ojaa \ alley,
in Ventura County, to meet the cracks
of the south. The two Whitney ireres
and the two Hardy freres will face J. C.
Cravens, ex-champion of Yale University
and ex-champion of Missouri, Kansas,
Nebraska and Iowa; L. R. Freeman,
champion of Southern California; O. S.
Picher, champion of Stanford University;
and R. A. Rowan, a winner of many
tournaments in Southern California. This
tournament will be held in the middle of
next month, under the auspices of the
Ojai Valley Tennis Club.
There has been no abatement in the
interest of the game at the California
Club grounds. A doubles tournament is
scheduled for this afternoon.
POOL TOURNAMENT
AT OLYMPIC CLUB.
The largest pool tournament in the his
tory of the Olympic Club will begin this
evening in the club's billiard room. There
are 39 entries. Handicaps have been
equably adjusted and all is in readiness
for the break of the balls. Four prizes
will be bestowed upon the lucky ones in
the finish. The winner will receive a
trophy valued at $25; the second prize is
a $15 trophy; third, $10, and the fourth
piize will be a billard cue.
The entries are as follows: G. A. Mar
tin, Leo Nolan, O. B. Burns, James
Burn*- Jr.. J. H. Harrison, T. Z. Hardee,
J. C. Buckell, L. Hodgktns, A. W. Grant,
A. C. Hampton, B. T. Harrison, J. F.
Cunningham, R. McKivven, A. F. Sewell,
Ed Smith, J. A. Mallon, J. A. Vaughan,
J. Willigrod. D. J. Barnert, Fred N.
Moore, B. Mott, F. C. Wagener, Walter
Magee Jr., J. F. McCarthy; H. D. Peel.
H. J. Edwards, L. Pockwitz, \V. H. Fel
den, J. A. McGregor, E. J. Zimmer, H.
Bostwick, H. M. Collins, J. Johnson, A.
C Dodge, H. C. Long, Louis Felden Jr.,
H. S. Huss, George James, E. T. Cruse.
Committee— L. Pockwitz, T. Z. Hardee
and J. Hunter Harrison.
ROAD AND TRACK
CYCLING
EVENTS TO COME.
The Turn Verein Cyclers of San Jose will
hold a five-mile handicap road race over
the Milpitas staightaway course to-mor
row morning at 10 o'clock. An aUempt
will be made to lower the record of U.:U4.
held by J. E. Wing, made by him in a
road race gA-en by this club April 11, WW.
The following are the entries and handi
caps for to-morrow's event: F. Hagen,
2 minutes; L. Haehnlen, P. Thiel, E. Cof
fin, 1 minute 30 seconds; F. Graul, J. bs
traboo, W. Higgins, 1 minute 15 seconds;
L. Parsons, W. Raymond, D. O'Brien, 1
minute; J. Mitchell, 50 seconds: L. Gow
land, 45 seconds; N. Williston, 40 seconds;
W. Sharp, 20 seconds; H. Schnittspan,
scratch. The handicapping was done by
C. J. Belloli.
Zerah Y. Howard and Robert A. Reid,
of the Bay City Wheelmen, completed a
trip last Saturday and Sunday of which,
they may well be proud. Leaving hero
Saturday afternoon they rode to Pesca
dero, via San Mateo and Spanishtown, to
view the wreck of the ship New York.
They returned the following day, ar
riving back here in time to occupy front
seats on the rooters" bench at the Bay
City-Acme baseball game early in the
afternoon. The distance traveled and the
roads and hills encountered characterize)
this as a particularly hard trip, and the
time in which they made it under these
conditions was remarkably fast.
The five-mile match road race on April
3 between L. R. Cofer, E. J. Bangs, C. W.
Schilling, Walter Macdonald, Arthur F.
Lundberg and R. P. Phillips is attracting
a good deal of attention in the Bay City
Club, of which the men are members. It
will be a scratch race, and Bangs Is the,
favorite in one or two infinitesimal wag
ers that have been made on the result.
Either Cofer, Lundberg or Macdonald
will probably show him their rear wheels
at the finish, however.
Arrangements have been made match-
Ing "Bob" Terrill, the crack professional,
and "Plunger Bill" Martin, who has just
returned from a two years' season in
Australia, for a five-mile pursuit race at
the Elmhurst track on Saturday after
noon, April 9. under a double sanction
from both the L. A. W. and the C. A. C.
C, the former controlling the men and
the latter the track. An amateur tandem
handicap at two miles will also be oh the
cards for the same day.
Martin has also been matched to ride
against Floyd A. McFarland, the San Josa
professional, in that city on April 8, under
the auspices of the Garden City Wheel
men. There is also some talk of a four
cornered unpaced match between Martin,
McFarland, Terrill and Otto Zeigler Jr.
This would be one of the best events in,
cycling racing ever held on the coast,
and should draw a big gate.
R. Gallegos. a prominent wheelman of
Mission San Jose, was : - town during the
week, visiting the Montalegre brothers.
Wheel Life is the name of a new cy
cling publication just to hand from Chi
cago, edited by Charles P. Root and C.
G. Sinsabaugh, well-known writers on
wheeling topics.
Captain Wilson is arranging a big run
of the Imperial Cycling Club to Warm
Springs for April 3, the feature of which
will be a barbecue at destination.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen's regular
meeting will be hold next Tuesday even
ing. To-night there will be a home
trainer race, held in the bowling-alley at
the club. Three handsome prizes will be
awarded to the three members covering
the greatest distance in ten minutes, from
a flying start. The entries are as follows:
E. O. Kragness, George Kroetz. George
Fuller. E. F. Russ, H. D. Bean, J. W.
Kingsley, J. H. Nash, E. J. Stanley, L. H.
Stone and L. H. Smith.
Percy Dell of the Olympic Club Wheel
men, left for Los Angeles Thursday on his
wheel.
The Smith-Wing match at Elmhurst
on April 3 is attracting a good deal of
interest around the clubs, particular. y at
San Jose and in the Olympic Club here,
where the men belong respectively. Since
Wing disposed of Wyman so easily last
Sunday the netting has slightly favored
his side, but Smith will undoubtedly have
the best pacing.
W. C. Brode of the Bay City Wheelmen
left on the steamer China Wednesday,
and just -before his departure was in re
ceipt of a touching evidence of his pop
ularity among his fellows at the club
in the shape of a handsomely engrossed
set of resolutions, signed by the memhers.
The Bay City Wheelmen will hold a
ten-mile road-race on April 10, as a try
out for the relay race in May. There will
be a club run' to-morrow via 10 a. m.
boat, to Elmhurst. At some near future
date the club will hold a coasting race on
Balboa boulevard, to which all member 3
are eligible without training. "Has
beens" are particularly urged to enter,
Tom Doane and his ordinary being
barred, however. The club's annual run
to Blythedale will be held probably about
April 24.
A Southern California paper says that
Shoemaker of Riverside, Tabor of Cor
ona and Cromwell and Furman of Los
Angeles have been booked to ride in the
annual relay race May 8. Furman will
ride for the Bay City Wheelmen, unless
he turns professional before that time
under the pursuasions of the manager of
Elmhurst track.
Th<- Honda Club of 232 Capp street -will
hold a one-mile scratch race over the San
Mateo course on April 3. The entries are
Gus Bergman, O. C. Welk. Emil Gingg,
Herman Gingg, Ernest Wenle, Frank
Duplissea. August Nickel, James Sander
son. Arthur Wenle and Will Sperling. The
favorites are Arthur Wenle, Duplissea
and Sperling. Duplissea is the famous
oarsman of the South End Club, and is
said to be a crackajack on the wheel as
well.
The games of the Cycle Baseball League
to-morrow are as follows: Turn Verein
Cyclers vs. Garden City Wheelmen, at
San Jose; Olympic Cyclers vs. Eneinal Cy
clers, at Velodrome; San Francisco Road
Club vs.' Bay City Wheelmen, at Elm
hurst.
The Acme and Reliance Club teams
have shown the white feather and for
feited th<|r last two games rather than
play, because they were so low down in
the schedule. The courage of the Encin
als is worth noticing, for with not a vic
tory yet to their credit, they appear every
time they are called upon, and put up a
strong game.
The second of the scrips of three team
races between the Acme and Reliance
clubs will be held to-morrow at Elmhur*'..
The make-up will be as follows: Reli
ance — Gooch, Deacon, Wyman and Rosen
heim. Acme— Schleuter, Lefevre, Smith)
and Burke.
ti. W. Sir-AI^UIJNU. *
Clausen Must Suffer.
The Supreme Court yesterday decided
that Charles Clausen must suffer ac
cording to the mandate of the Superior
Court for having knowingly received
stolen goods. Ho failed to reeister a
complete description in his books, as re
quired by the local ordinance governing
pawnshops, and he misrepresented the
facts to the police, who were tracing
property stolen by Burglar The
irregularity in the books and his decep
tion convinced the Supreme Court Jus
tices that there was no reason for revers
ing the Judgment of conviction of th©
Superior Court.BOB FLINT
IS NOW A
PAUPER
Inherited a Fortune,
but He Recklessly
Squanders It.
Was in the Habit of Giv
ing Waiters Ten Dol
lar Tips.
Nearly One Hundred and Forty
Thousand Dollars Was Ex
hausted in Two Years.
IS SAID TO GO HUNGRY.
Capitalist J. K. Prior Now in Posses
sion or His Sixty Thou
sand Acres.
Having through fast living and an
over-generous nature parted with al
most every dollar he had, Robert Flint
of San Luis Obispo County will, on the
first of next month, lose all claim to
the magnificent property left him by
his father only two years ago.
Inheriting $40,000 at his parent's
death, he, like "Prince Carl" the tramp,
who found the $50,000 buried by the
train-robbers a few years ago, did not
know what to do with the money.
Right and left the tens and twenties
flew, until nothing remained but the
60,000 acres in Southern California.
By proper management this might
have been made to yield a princely in
come for life, but not so with young
Flint. He had tasted what seemed to him
the joys of high living, and hud been so
carried away with the glitter of a sport
ing life, that he began to make, inroads
on the valuable estate. J. K. Prior, the
man of countless thousands, was ap
pealed to and he humored the spend
thrift by loaning him thousands of dol
lars. At the end of a year the young
man had succeeded in throwing away
nearly $100,000.
To Flint money seemed made to scat
ter to the winds. As fast as he grot it
he allowed it to slip through his fin
gers as readily as water through a
sieve. One way of ridding- himself of
the borrowed gold was to gather a
score of friends who had gained his
good graces by flattery, and drive out
to suburban resorts and hold high car
nival. The waiter who removed his
coat was handed a ten-dollar gold
piece, the waiter who attended him at
the table was given an eagle, till in
fact he gave such handsome tips that
he became known as the "Ten-Dollar
Prince."
For a time it was thought the young
man had reformed. He was not seen
at his old haunts, and his absence was
noted. Inquiries developed the infor
mation that young Flint had embarked
in business. He fitted up the Marble
Market in sumptuous style, but as be
fore, his lack of financial ability as
serted itself, and the market in which
he had believed he would upbuild his
'waning fortunes, proved a losing invest
ment.
A.s Flint could not redeem his pledges
Prior instituted suit for the possession
of the realty pledged. The court
granted him a judgment of $113,000.
Six months passed and Flint, unable to
raise the necessary amount, asked and
was given a further extension.
A few months ago he nearly secured
Baron Yon Schroeder as purchaser of
the land. In fact, papers had been
signed, giving the Baron an exclusive
right of purchase, for which the latter
was to turn over his San Rafael prop
erty and a sum of money. At the last
moment the deal was broken, and
again the young man's hopes were
dashed to the ground.
Another instance of his looseness in
money matters was exemplified while
the deal between himself and Yon
Schroeder was on. He drew from the
California Bank his last three thou
sand dollars, and stuffing his pockets
with greenbacks invited a friend to ac
company him to the beach. The old
scenes were again enacted. Money was
thrown about like so much waste paper,
and on his return the next day he had
hardly enough to bu- dinner.
During the past month he has been
seen on the streets looking pale and
emaciated and causing his real friends
to worry over his condition. A gentle
man, in speaking about him last night,
said he was afraid "Bob" was going
without food. "He looks so bad that I
feel sorry for him," he added. "If I
could assist him I would do so, but he
is too proud to ask for aid or even
accept it."
J. K. Prior, who is now in possession
of the young spendthrift's property,
was seen last evening. Speaking about
his transactions with Flint he said:
"Under the old law," he said, "his
right to recover his property terminat
ed on the 29th of last May. I gave him
further extensions of time in the hope
that he might sell the property and
realize a profit.
"A man by the name of Tom Wilson
was given a contract by Bob to sell the
property for $175,000, and if successful
he was to be given 7 per cent. On the
strength of his contract he loaned Bob
$200. When the sale came off Wilson
and the rest of his crow wanted to ex
tort from me. They wanted to sell the
property in sections, knowing that if
they did it would ruin the ranch, as
one or two acres would have a spring
on it, which added to its value. They
tried to get him to instruct the Sheriff
to sell it in sections, but Bob had
strength enough to refuse.
"Failing in their attempt, they filed
suit in San L,ui ~ Obispo County to
establish their right to sell the prop
erty as they wanted to. As I consid
crc(] it a. scheme to blackmail me, I
decided to fight them. I did not in- .
tend giving them money to get out of
the way. Failing to get any satisfac
tion from me, they made application
to the court to. reject the sale, but it
refused to do so. They then appealed
to the Supreme Court, and the case is
still pending.
"I have foreclosed on the property
and taken possession, and have two
men down there looking after my in
terests. I rented the place to another
person, but his time has expired. I
gave Flint a certain length of time to
redeem the place at a certain price,
but the time for redemption is passed.
I got judgment against him for $113,000.
I originally loaned him $100,000, but the
balance was for interest and taxes.
"The property lies in San Luis Oblspo
County, and the San Juan River runs
through It. Owing to the lack of rain
end the stringent times we have be^n
unable to dispose of it. No "one wants
to buy, not caring to tie money up in
country property.
"It is certainly worth a great deal
more than the amount foreclosed on.
"When Flint fell into the property
he had $40,000 in the bank, 6000 head of
cattle, farm implements, horses, bug
gies, and in fact everything to run the
place with.
"As soon as he came into his rights
Clarke got him to insure his life and
succeeded in getting him to pay $f>ooo
on his premium. Clarke also got him
to start up this Marble market and
went in as manager, drawing a hand
some salary. Then shortly after that
Bob bean goincr in bad company,
which brought him to his present po
sition.
"Baron yon Pchroeder tried to gain
possession of this property but failed.
He wanted to exchange for it his San
Rafael propert" and was willing to add
money to the ocr,o _er, but I knew that the
San Rafael property was a white ele
phant on his hands and did not want
it. He tried to trade with Bob, but
that also feL through.
"The interest on the property, costs
of suits, lawyers' fees make the orig
inal sum run up to $125,000. I have
given Bob the privilege of selling at a
certain sum of money. Should he suc
ceed in selling it. I will make a deed to
the purchaser. He has until the first of
next month.
"I really want to help the young
man. but money is only a curse to
him."
CHARTER ELECTION
DAY, MAY 26
The Freeholders Have Completed Their
Labors in Framing an Organic
Law for This City.
The fifteen Freeholders, or those of
them who have attended to the framing
of the proposed charter, concluded their
labors at last night's session, and after
appending their names to the document
adjourned sine die.
The meeting was intended for this
.purpose only, but, ontrary to expec
tation, Mayor Phelan put in an appear
ance and pointed out a few errors in
the work of the Freeholders. He com
plained of the members for not consult
ing Clerk Russell of the Board of Su
pervisors on matters which, he thought,
would be advantageous to the work.
Chairman Britton called his Honor
down on this proposition and gave him
to understand that the Board of Free
holders would not be rebuked even by
the Mayor of the city. After a few
words of mild apology from the Chief
I gistrate he proceeded to explain that
funds as provided for in the charter
were not appropriated under their
proper heads. Freeholder Taylor, how
ever, straiehtened him out on this idea.
He next pointed out there wns no pro
vision for a contingent fund for the
Mayor. As the law now is the Mayor
has* $150 a- month for which he does not
have to render an account to any per
son. His next attack was on the elec
tion of nine of the Eighteen Supervis
ors from Senatorial districts. This, he
stated, was worse a thousand times
than the old ward system, from which
the city had suffered years ago; and
from which it had been rescued much
to its benefit.
"Leave the Senatorial district system
in the charter, and the bosses will own
the entire city for all time to comu," he
said.
The views of the Mayor were coin
cided in by ex-Mayor Ellert, who saw
the monster head of the Fire Depart
ment cropping up ready to gobble the
new City Hall at one gulp. Conse
quently, he moved to reconsider that
portion now. Other members became
converted to the danger, and one after
the other spoke in its favor except Tay
lor, who opposed it.
that they had changed their minds, as
A rollcall of the members showed
that they had changed their minds, as
nine voted for reconsideration and two
against it.
By this change of mind the Mayor
got $3600 a year contingent money for
which he will not have to account to
any person. And the Senatorial district
election of Supervisors was knocked out
and in its stead the eighteen City Fa
thers will be elected at large.
With these amendments the charter
was passed as a whole and received the
signatures of all of the Freeholders
present. It was moved by Mr. Clement
that 5000 copies of the charter be pub
lished for distribution. On motion, the
Law Committee was appointed an Au
diting Committee, with power to pay
all demands incurred by the Freehold-
I ers in preparing the charter, and also
to see to its election on May 26 be
fore the Election Commissioners, settle
all claims incurred by the Freeholders
in their charter making capacity and
also to attend to all arrangements be
fore the Election Commissioners in
' getting it before the people on May 26
as proposed.
Chairman Britton received a vote of
thanks for his courteous treatment of
the members during the many sessions
of the board; ,
WIFE-BEATING
BY A CHINESE
First Case in the History of
the Police Courts in
This City.
Ho Sun Ho Swears Out a Warrant
for the Arrest o! Her Hus
band, Wong Sing Yun.
For the first time in the history of the
police courts in this city a warrant was
issued yesterday for the arrest of a Chi
nese on the charge of wife beating.
Ho Sun Ho, a pretty little Chinese
woman, accompanied by Ging Dong, ap
peared before Judge Low, and Dong ex
plained to the Judge that she wanted her
j husband arrested for beating her. She
' had been driven out of her home by her
husband yesterday morning and wandered
around Chinatown asking some one to
direct her to the City Hall. A Chinese
peddler took pity upon her and went with
her to the hall, where they found Dong.
There were tears in her eyes as she
told her story to Dong, who acted as
I interpreter. Her husband is Wong Sing
Yun a manufacturer of shirts at 1017
Stockton street. They were married four
years ago by Rev. Jra M. Condit, superin
tendent of the Presbyterian Chinese
Church and Mission. They lived happily
together for two or three years and then
her husband began to beat her occasion
ally. He became worse in his conduct
toward her, and besides beating her, in
sulted her by telling her to pack up her
things and get out us he was tired of
her.
Yesterday morning he threw her out of
the house and told her never to comf
back. She suspected that he wanted to
get another wife, as they had no children,
and that made him cruel to her. The
warrant was obtained and Dong promised
to assist the police in seeing that it was
served upon the husband.
"THE RED FRONT," K,l-K,% Market
street, sells "STANDARD" shirts. •
The Free Baptists.
The Golden Gate Association of Free
Baptists meets to-day with the Union
Square Free Baptist Church on Bush
street near Larkin. The following is the
programme: Prayer meeting, 11 a. m.;
businebs meeting, 11:30 a. m. ; lunch in ves
try for delegates. 12:30 p. m.; conference
sermon, by Rev. Philip Graif of Oakland,
I p m.; covenant meeting, led by Rev.
William Meserve of Union Square Church.
3 p. m. ; adjournment, 4 p. m.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 26, 1898,
MASONIC FETE
IS BOOMING
Chairmen of Committees
Make Encouraging
Reports.
Many Novel Features Will Be
Presented in the Various
Booths.
Merchants Competing for the Privi
lege of Making Individual
Displays.
At St. John's Hall, Masonic Temple,
last night there was a meeting of about
300 people, representing the various
committees of the Masonic Festival to
be held at the Mechanics' Pavilion
from May 9 to 14, both dates inclusive.
Charles L. Patton acted as chairman
and Charles Conlisk as secretary.
The meeting was held for the purpose
of receiving reports from the chairmen
of the various committees of the differ
ent departments of the festival, which
is to be held for the purpose of raising
money to clear the Masonic Widows'
and Orphans' Home from debt.
The greatest enthusiasm prevailed
and the reports of committees evinced
assured success of the festival.
While a full report has not yet been re
ceived, the work already accomplished j
will give a fair outline of the scope of |
the festival. Many of the business |
houses of the city have promised to !
make liberal donations, and are vying
with each other for privileges to make
a display of their goods, which in most
instances will be sold and the money j
received therefor will be turned over to j
the committee for the benefit of the !
home. Principal among these is the ,
firm of Tillman & Bendel. who, if per
mitted to fit up their own booth, will
put at least $3000 worth of goods there
in, all of which will be sold and the re- j
ceipts given to the home.
W. Frank Pierce, chairman of the
committee on booths, reported that
there will be from forty to fifty booths,
and that many of them will represent
novel features. One of these struct
ures will be the $20 booth in which a
twenty-dollar gold piece will bo placed j
in a vessel filled with water. This will j
be in charge of Thomas Cunningham
of the Postal Telegraph Company, and
chances for permission to take the $20 ,
piece from the vessel will be sold for 25
cents. The successful person will befj
entitled to retain the coin and the
shock of electricity that goes with it.
At the newspaper booth a voting con
test will be conducted to determine j
which of the papers of San Francisco |
is most popular in the estimation of i
the patrons of the festival. The suc
cessful newspaper is to receive a fac
simile of a newspaper in solid sold.
Mrs. Dr. Edna R. Field reported that
she would have a model Masons' Home j
arranged, with furniture, kitchen uten- |
pils, etc. The bedroom will be fitted by
W. J. Sloane & Co. at an expense of
$1500. this to be sold for the benefit of j
the festival.
Mrs. K. J. Willatts, grand secretary
of the Eastern Stars, reported that
many of the interior chapters are pre- j
paring special features to be brought to ;
the festival. '
Frank Titus has secured about $1000 ;
worth of furniture from different
houses dealing in that line of goods.
The chairman of the entertainment
committee, C. L. P. Marais says that ;
the festival will be opened with a grand
chorus of 1000 voices.
The following committee on cash do
nations will make an active canvass of
the city, beginning the work at once: I
Lipman Sachs, chairman; John T>.
Spreckels. Timothy Hopkins. Charles E. |
Green, W. W. Montague, Edward Cole
man, Colonel Isaac Trumbo, M. H. de
Young and S. W. Levy.
JACOB SCHWEITZER DEAD.
One of the Most Prominent Mer
chants of the City Passes
Away.
Jacob Schweitzer, a prominent Jewish
merchant of the city and partner in the
firm of Schweitzer & Levy, wholesale
butchers, succumbed to a brief illness at
his home at 10 o'clock last Thursday
evening.
Deceased was prominent in all Jewish
circles and was a member of the Con
cordia Club. He came to this coast in
1554 nnd opened a country store in Sono
ma County. Later, in 1868, he located in
this city and organized the firm which
now bears his name. Ever since this
time he has occupied the premises on
Clay and Leidesdorff streets, which is
now one of the old land marks of this
section of the city.
His business career has been a most
successful and honorable one, and during
thirty years he has been associated with
the firm he has amassed a large
fortune, the exact proportions of which
are at present unknown, but it is esti
mated between $200,000 and $300,000.
The decedent leaves a widow and eight
children to mourn his loss.
The funeral services will be held at the
family residence on Post street, Sunday
afternoon at 2 o'clock, and will be con
ducted by Rabbi Voorsangrer of the Tem
ple Emaiiu-El. The body will be Interred
in the Home of Peace Cemetery in San
Mateo County.
NO BOULEVAKD FOB B JSH.
Supervisors Will Take the Matter
Under Consideration.
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors decided Thursday to let tne
matter of declaring a boulevard on Bush
street rest for the next sixty days.
Representatives of the advocates of the
boulevard urged that the board take im
mediate action in the matter on the
ground that the value of property on
Bush street from Dupont street west was
constantly being depreciated by the pres
ent condition of the street.
The opponents of the boulevard said
that the only salvation for property on
the thoroughfare was the building of a
railroad on the street. They called at
tention to the fact that the grades on
the street preclude the passage of teams
on certain portions and that these blocks
must remain in their present state until
they arc in some way improved. They
believed that the only way to bring prop
erty values up to their proper standard
was to allow the street to remain open
for th*- building of a street railroad.
The Street Committee was evidently im-
Cressed with the arguments of the anti
oulevaxd people, for it laid the matter
over for sixty days for a more tßorough
investigation.
The Child Study Club.
The San Francisco Child Study Club, of
which M,rs. Hester Harland is the chair
man, held its regular Meeting yesterday
afternoon In the parlors of the Occidental.
Sully's "Studies of Childhood," In the
chapter, Under Law— descriptive of the
child's attitude toward moral government
—was the subject read and discussed by
those present. An interesting article op
'•Right and Wrong- Punishments," by Dr.
Mary Wood-Allen, was also discussed.
Next Friday afternoon Dr. Amourette
Beecher will speak to the club upon "Her
edity."
the fac-simile /rf y/ "La*" "on every wrapper
signature of UU&JrM&fa of CASTOEIA.
CURBS AND
CEMENT IN
OAKLAND
Object Lessons in the
Paving of East
Twelfth Street.
Clever Twisting of the
Specifications for the
Concrete Bed.
Granite Curbs From Folsom
State Prison Are Used
on the Job.
AN INSPECTOR'S RECORD.
Prison Material Comes Billed by Rail
to W. O. Badyley, a Shareholder
of the Paving Company.
Oakland has a beautiful scheme of
improvement. As the plan is extensive
and in a measure experimental it has
attracted the attention of The Call's
expert in street paving. The progres
sive citizens of Oakland decided to
pave East Twelfth street from First to
Thirteenth avenue with redwood
blocks on top of concrete. The story
goes that considerable influence was
needed to get a wooden block specifica
tion. Seven lumber companies, it is
said, had to unite in the pull for the
blocks.
The proposed improvement will cost
$42,000, of which amount the city of
Oakland pays one-half and the inter
ested property owners on the line of
the avenue the other half. On the first
proceeding to pave the avenue the con
tract was awarded to a San Francisco
firm, but a technical objection was pre
sented and the proceedings were re
opened. On the second deal the con
tract was given to the East Oakland
Paving and Contracting Company.
The method of preparing specifica
tions in Oakland differ somewhat from
the fashion followed in San Francisco.
Over there the City Engineer, who is
an elective officer, prepares the specifi
cations and establishes the grade.
Then the Street Superintendent, who is
appointed by the Board of Public
Works, comes forward and carries out
the work, with the assistance of in
spectors appointed by himself.
For the East Twelfth street paving
the Engineer made capital specifica
tions. For concrete bed he designated
elements in this proportion: One un
broken barrel of cement, containing
three and four tenths cubic feet; three
cement barrels of sand and eight ce
ment barrels of rock. It seems that
anybody should understand this speci
fication. In due time Marsden Camp
bell, who says thai he is a candidate
fo City Engineer of Oakland, \v ; is ap
pointed to inspect the work. He has a
record as a graduate from the San
Francisco Harbur Commissioners'
School of Assistant Engineers, lie was
mentioned in the court testimony re
cently as an inspector who acccopted
undersized piling timber on the State
work.
As the work progresses In Oakland
Campbell stays with the rock. The sta
tion, seven blocks distant, where the
sand and cement are mixed, does not
receive the careful supervision of the
inspector. The men of the contracting
company look after affairs at the point
where the cement comes in. At the
mixing station there is a box three by
four feet, containing twelve cubic feet.
This box is for sand. On top of the
sand is another box. This one, two by
two feet, holds four cubic feet. This
box is for cement, but it has no bot
tom. Cement is originally placed in the
barrel under hydraulic pressure. When
the barrel is opened and the pressure
relieved the bulk expands in the two by
two box from three and four-tenths
cubic feet to four and a half cubic
feet. The mixed sand and cement Is
then hauled seven blocks to the rock
on the street. One barrel of the mix
ture is used to every thirty-three cubic
feet of rock, whereas the real propor
tion, according to the specification,
should be one barrel for every twenty
seven cubic feet of rock.
It is calculated that there should be
used on the entire job, according to the
specifications of the engineer, 3000 bar
rels of cement. Under the measurement
of the Street Superintendent and in
spector less than 2300 barrels will be
used.
Cement of the brand used, the Hil
ton, costs laid down in Oakland about
$2 85 a barrel. It is not improbable that
the contractors will save $1960 on ce
ment alone.
Oaklanders will be delighted to lparn
that the East Oakland Paving and Con
tracting Company is using on the East
Twelfth-street job .granite curbing
hewn and dressed at Folsom Prison.
How the law forbidding: the competi
tion of prison labor with the labor of
free men is evaded is not clear at pres
ent. The Board of Prison Directors
may be able to throw some light on this
branch on the subject.
The story concerning- the use of the
Folsom prison granite presents some
striking features. Observations of the
work made on behalf of The Call
pointed directly to the use of the prison
dressed stone for the curbs, but the
paper hesitated to believe that the East
Oakland Paving and Contracting- Com
pany was advisedly using tho product
of convict labor. Verification of the
report was demanded. When Prison
Director Fitzgerald was asked whether
such material was in the market he re
plied that Warden Aull of Folsom was
under some obligation to supply Oak
land with granite curbs. Tracing the
subject further it was ascertained that
W. O. Badgley. a real estate and in
surance man of Oakland, was able to
obtain granite curbs from Folsom.
Further inquiry disclosed the fact that
the curbs from Folsom came by rail
billed to Badgley, but that the East
Oakland Paving Company received the
material and paid the charges. Ad
hering to the same thread a journey
was made to the clerk's office and
there it was found that Mr. Badgley
was a shareholder of the East Oakland
Paving and Contracting Company.
When Mr. Badgley was asked if he
could supply curbs of the style which
engaged the attention of The Call's ex
pert he inquired as to the quantity re
quired and gave the price at which he
could supply a small lot at 45 cents a
lineal foot on the cars at Folsom. Sur
prise being expressed at the high figure
Mr. Badgley called attention to the ex
cellence of finish and the general
beauty of the curbing. It was suggest
ed by Mr. Badgley that the customer
should call again, when more accept
able figures might be submitted. When
first asked where the granite came
from Badgley said at a point above
Sacramento. When the response sug
gested Rocklia as the place Mr. Badg
ley said, "Oh, no; the other direction."
The interesting part of the Oakland
experiment will begin when the con
tractors introduce the asphaltum to
coat the blocks and cover the roadway.
The work may be performed so scien
tifically that the redwood blocks will
not shrink during periods of dry
weather and expand ivhen the moisture
of warm rains is admitted. If the
pavement does. not break or bulge in
the crown of the roadway or displace
the curbs in the pressure of expansion
it will be a surprise to those who have
noted the action of the elements on
wooden pavements in San Francisco.
BADGLEY'S CONTRACT.
It Calls for the Delivery of Stone
at Folsom— Warden Aull's In-
terpretation of the Law.
FOLSOM, Cal., March 25.— Curbing is
being sold to Contractor W. O. Bad
gley, 111S Broadway, Oakland, presum
ably to be used on city contracts. The
constitution does not prohibit such
sale. San Quentin is restricted to jute
bags, but Folsom has no restrictions.
The Board of Prison Directors under
Governor Waterman's administration
authorized the Warden to sell such
stone as he could. Statutes of 1889,
page 404, govern the case. (See sec
tion 18, page 408. Also see Senate con
current resolution No. 9, page 451,
statutes of 1895.) The sales amount to
two or three hundred dollars a year.
The prison has been selling some for
the past ten years. Warden Aull con
siders the resolutions and statutes of
1895 as commanding him to sell all he
can. Crosswalk and cemetery stone
are also sold. Badgley's contract calls
for stone delivered at Folsom.
WILL APPEAR FOR CONTEMPT.
Judge Morrow Will Question Officers
of the Klamath River Lum
ber Company.
Members of the Klamath River Lumber
Company have been cited to appear be
j fore Judge Morrow for contempt for not
| having obeyed an injunction ordering
them to refrain from entering on the
property which was under the possession
of the Pokegama Sugar Pine Lumber
Company. Marshal Gallagher went to
the place and after considerable trouble
J. R. Cook, W. E. Cook, J. S. Cook, H. B.
Gillis, George W. Marsh, G. Morris and
Henry Martin are those ordered to ap
< pear.
It is stated the men forcibly kept pos
session of the property at the advice of
: Attorney H. B. Gillis of Yreka, and they
I were assisted in their work by men who
had been employed by them prior to
the trouble over the property. The in
junction had been issued over a week ago
and hence the citation.
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
A reward of $10 is offered for the
arrest and conviction of any person
caught stealing copies of this paper
from the doors of subscribers.
The Cnll Thanked.
At a recent meeting- of the St. Patrick's
Day Convention of is^S the following
resolution was unanimously adopted:
"That a vote of thanks be extended to
The Call for the kindness shown our con
vention in the endeavor to make the
celebration of '98 a success, and it is
hoped that the friendly relations exist
ing between The Call and the Irish-
Amerlcan people may lone: continue."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
should havt th« place of
honor on your dining-room
table, being a rich and most
delicious beverage, an appe-
tizer par excellence and a
sure health sustainer. Is
perfect as a Malt Extract «nd
strictly a Non-hrtoxfcaat.
All Druggists.
VAL BLATZ BREWIXS CO.,
MILWAUKEE, WIS., U. S. A.
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
Wholesale Dealers,
416-418 Sacramento St.
SPEED! SAFETY! COMFORT!
FOURTH TRIP.
STMR. HUMBOLDT
Sails on or about March 31st direct for
SKACUAY
—AND— . .
DYE A.
JOHN A. MAGEE JR.,
Agent, 310 Clay St.
'Phone— Main 1779. '. ■
0000000 00 0 00 000000
g*»F PALACE *■"■?%
% GRAND motels o
" SAN FRANCISCO. ■ Q
Connected by a covered passageway. J*
® 1400 Rooms. 900 With' Bath Attached. °
O Alt Under Ove Management. O
Q NOTE THE PRICES: . Q
O European Plan. l . OO per day and upward n
American Plan.*3. OO per day and upward <•»
Q ■ Correspondence Solicited. ■ O
Q JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK, Manager. q
o o o 00 000 0000000000
J A PERMANENT CURE I
i| A PERMANENT CURE f
. \! i of the most obstinate cases of. Gonorrhoea ?
J i and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 C
I [ days; no other treatment required. 5
;1 1 . . Sold by all druggists. " ' 5
ami* of yrlUsiU
The pnr« esstntlal extract from the native dnipr. Con*
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of <"• • ira '
without ( ts noxious elements. Mo»«ivfcnaa r.f str.r.
no vomit. ; no costheneas ;no headaeUe. All DrujTKirfa.
tmm^^ ." "•' 7'" " ""■' ' ' "' ."""' ■■■■CI
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
,[*«>O 11ARKBT ST.. OPP. PAJjACB
000 Hotel. ' Telephone (70. Residence Mi
Valencia street. Telepkoae. "Cburca" " '
.... ' :. .', ADVERTISEMENTS.
!liiL ■'Ij^JH WHERE GAME IS PLENTIFUL?
Winchester Repeating Rifle
Wfi s«A^i^L f I ou won ' t want *° r *° oc * or p rotect i° n y° u 0-
RS\. vi)^.\ Send name and address on a postal card for 14S-
||||f|i \4rcw I Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
kHA j^ J^^j 418 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
___»_— — <
•
"I know a Mrs. Curry, who lives in Tennessee," said the
Professor, "who never had any trouble with her health, asid*
from rheumatism, until after she was sixty years of age, but
then there came some derangement of the digestive organs, and
at the suggestion of her daughter, with whom she was living,
she tried Ripans Tabules and was benefited immediately. Now
she keeps them in the house all the time, and generally takes
one just after eating. She finds that it cures any irregularities
of the bowels, and says that, in her opinion, no family should
ever be without a supply of Ripans Tabules in the house."
■ . -
RAILROAD TRAVEL. [?%
SAN FRANCISCU and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 1J:«S.
" 1:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. - Saturdays— trips at I'M
and 11:30 p. m. :*: * .
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:W. »M.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— <:IO, 7:60, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.:
12:45. 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— trip*
at 4:55 and 6:85 p. m. • • ■ •
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m. : 1:40. 1:40.
E'OO 6:25 p. m. ''•;.>■.../ -
Between San Francisco and Schuetzeo Part
came schedule as above.
Leave , n pfrp< A , rrlve ,
Kan Francisco. Oct. 21.' 1 San Franclsea
Week , Sun- I r»P«tirultioi i Sun " I Wee *
Days. I days. Dostmation daya 1 days.
7:30 a.m. S :ooa.m. 1 Norato. ]10:40 a.m.] 8:40.-vm.
8:30 p.m. : » :30a.m. Petaluma. 6:10 p.m. :10:25a.m.
ti.-llip.iii. s:oUp.m. S.tnla Rosa. I 7:Ssp.m. 6:22 p.m.
Fulton,
7 30a.m. Windsor. 10:25 a.m.
Healdsbur?,
Lytton,
j GeyservlUe,
7:30 p.m. S:oT>a.m. ! Cloverdale. 7:85 p.m. : 8 :22 p.m.
I ' ] Uopl.ind and I
7:Soa.m.ls-oQa.m.| Ukiah. | 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
1 :3l)a.m. **'■• " ] 10:2Ja.m.
8:00 a.m. Guerneville. 7:35 p.m. -
B:r>oT>.m. - 6:22 p.m.
7 :3oa. m.]S :00a.m. Sonoma 10:40 a.m. a:4oa.m.a :40a.m.
and • -n -■
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
fi3oa.m.|B:W)a.ni.) Se baatcDoL |10:46a.m.!10:25a.m.
3:30p.m.15:00p.m.| &eDa9lcpol - [ 7:35p.m.| 7:22 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Fprings; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay.
Lakeptrt and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for
Vichy "Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes.
Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
nell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Boonville.
i Cut's Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort
Bragg Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r*.
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. .
Ticket Of flees— 6so Market street. Chronlela
* A! d FOSTER. S. X. RYAN.
Prea. and Gen. Manager. -Gen. Pass. Alt.
If^^^^^l CALIFORNIA
H|i;Liil
le»H "obtdiS^^^l SAN FRANCISCO
; [p«lUW.wgmj[ CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-olass passengers only, but with-
out extra' charge. .Vj- '.O-S ; V '"'." ; '"
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers,
3& days -to Chicago, 4% days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p.m., carrying Pullman
Palace and "Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time. Direct connect' _>n in Chicago and
1 Kansas City for all Eastern points. .
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
I Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 614 Market
I street. Chronicle building. : "Telephone Main
1520. Oakland <of flee. 1118 Broadway. Sacra-
mento office, 201 J street. San Jose. 7 West
Santa Clara street. - • •
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
; i Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco. Commencing September
;■ ' 19.-1837..,.
WEEK DAYS.' : .
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— m 9:3\
11:30 a. m.; »1:45, 3:45, •6:15. 6:00. 6:30 p.m.
| Extra trips for San Rafael ,on - Mondays.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. in.
SUNDAYS. '
For Mill Valley and San - Rafael— »B:oo. '10. OX
•11:30 a. m. *1:15. 3:00.'*4:30, 6:15 p. ra.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
I -25 a, m. week day for Cazadero and way sta-
tions- 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
' Duncan- Mills and way stations; 8:00 a. m. .
Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations.
, MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
Leave San Francisco," commencing Novem-
Her 13, 1897: ■•,--
Week Days— a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
. Round trip from Mill Valley, $1. -
THOU. COOK & SON. Agents, (21 Market
1 street. San Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
TIII.IO PAVmC COMPANY.
mpry^.-. liAiinn svktem.)
TrMlaa l«-i'.v«> mill me ilut> to liirlt* at
.SAN rRAMCIM.'*.
• - (Main Line. Foot cf Market Street.) .
leate — From .January 1. 1898. — abiiti
"•oToOa Nilcs. San Jose anil Way Stations... • 1 5 a
7:OOa Bcnicia. Suisun -.md Sacramento 10:43 a
TjOOa Marjsvilie, OroTllleand Redding via
. Woodland s :i: i? p
7:00 a Vacavillo oml Run-sey »:4ap
7:3ua Martinez, San Vailejo. Napa,
Callstogn. and Santa Rosa.... Oil of
8r«OA Atlantic Express, Og.len an.l ■£■**.. *:***
■?»Oa Nik-8, .San Jose, (Stockton, lone,
Sscrai:iP!jto, Marysville, Chioo.
Tcbamnauaßcl Illnir 4ilßp
•8: 30 a Peters, Milton anil Oakdale "*»1B»
9:UOa New Orleans Kxnreai, Mrrced, Kay-
mond, I'rt-fliio, ItakersUulil. S:uiU
JUi'linrsi, los Aiißelff", DeininK,
lil l'aso Now Orleans and East. 6«4»p
9:OOa Vailejo. Martinez. Merced and
Fresno. - i* ! ' 2*
•l:OOp Sacramento River Stonmers. Mi:oop
1 :OOp NUes, San Jobo ai:d Way Stations. . JO: I a.\
l:aop Marticez and Way 6>Utlou» 7:45p
«:O«i- Llvernioru, Mendota. Wanford and
Visalia 4:15 v
IJTeraorc, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations Xlosls\
4iOUr Martinet, Kan Ilatncn. Vnllejo,
Nana,' (;ullstog:«, Bl Veroiio and
Biiiitaltosa »il»\
. 4li«*r Benicia, Vacaville, Woo ill and.
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
"*• vllle ami Sacra nieiito l»t4»A
4rBOr NDes, San Jose, Tmcy and Stockton .. 7ilsp
4:30 p Lattirop. Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
■ Fresno, Mojavo (for Randnbure),
' • Sauta Barbara and !.;>» Angeles.. 7»4»a
4tSll»p Kama i''o Ucute. Atlautlu Impress
for Mojiii-o ii nd Mast 6:43p
Ss:3Op " Sunset Limited." Los Angelen, El i ■ •
• . Paso, Fort Worth, Little Kock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East 5 1 * 5 * 3 *
«Cs:Sop " Soneet Limited Annex," El Paw.
New Orleans and East {10:13*
6:O«p European Mail, <>s<len and Cast C:-13.\
- Ox««i> lliiymudu- Nllts ami Hsu J05e...... 7:45*
' t»»:OO Vailejo • 17 :43p
&:«<»? Oregon l;ixi>n'M»,.Sucriinieiilo, MnrjB-
villf. ItodtlluK, rortlun.l. Tiißft
Smimlaml Knst BH«a
SAN I,KAM»K(> AMI IIA\\YAUI>U LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) __
"i^eTooAl ~^~ ( 2»fK
S:O«»a KclroNP, Seminary Park, «**
loJooa Fitcliburg, Klmhurnt, nils*
1 11:00-, San Leandro, South San I =f s *?'
ll2: ° eM Le.ndro.Esti.diUo, jj^g
'{3:OOp Lorenxo, Cherry i **'•***
•CiOOp . <3:43p
Hoop »'•<« «:«5»-
O:3Op .- riaynards. 2 : l^ p
7:« op firii*
8:00p i-Rwat through to Nile*. ; ,5:13*
tti 9:ooP ;iFrom K.les. >tt »Ssa>;
COAST IH VISION (Narrow Gauge).
. (Foot of Market Street)
ECS Newark, Centorvill«,.Saii.li>ae.r' > eltoii 1
.< Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way _
• Stations ••••• •«••*
•SslSp Newark. Oenterfille. San Jose, New
Aiimulen, Felton. Houliler Creek.
• Sauta Crux anil - Friudpal Way
Statious 'So!!*
4«15r Newark, San .lone and Los Catoi ... 9:30*.
tll>4sp Hunters Excursion, San Jose and _
Way Stations ■ 17tgQP
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
mm SIR m«ClSCo— foot of JUrket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. }1:00 *2:00 l3:0QI
•4:00 *B:00 "6:00 P.M.
frMOilUSD— Footef Br«adwiy.-*6:00 8:00 10:00 a.m.
112:00 *1:00 48:00 *3:00 ■ *s:oor.>u
"~ COAST M VISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Townaend Sts.) (
•:55 a Han Jose ami Way Stations (New ,
Almadeii Wednesdays only) •is 3*
9:60 a San Josn. Tut Ptnoa, Rania Cruz.
Pacilio Grove, l'aso Robles, San
I.tils Olifsi>(>. Ouadalupe, Surf and ' .
rrincipal Way Statioua 4:13p
lO<4Oa San Jose and Way btations *f ! " 0 A
Sl:3Oa San Jose ami Wuy Stations 8:33 a
*S:!lOp San Mat?<>. Uedwood, Slenlo Park,
Santa Clara, San Jose. Gilroy.
Hollister, Santa Cruz, . Salinas, •: -
Monterey anil l'licilic Oro»e *IO:4O4
•■:lsp San .lose ami Principal Way Stations *O:OOa.
•4slsr San Jose and Principal Way Station? 9:43 a
•StOOp San Jose and Principal Way Station! l:SOr
S:3«i- San Jose ami Principal W»y .Statious 3:3<>p
6::tOi- San Jose an.l Way Stations 7:20f
111: 15 1- Sail .Tost- and Way -Stations 7;« Up
~~ A for Morning. ~ 1' for Afternoon.
• Sundays execpted. | Sundays only. . t Saturdays only,
I', Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
? Mondays and Thursdays. • . ■ . • •
Wednesdays and Saturdays. • ' 1 •
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. 1807, . trains will run, as
follows: ■ ■ * - -'...'•.■". ~ - . .
Southbound. j. •.: - j'. Northbound. - •
Fassen- Mixed Utatinna ' Mixed - Passes
get . Sunday slatlon3 - Sunday .j ep: .
Dally. Exc'p'ul Exc'p'td Daily.
7:20 a.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. ■ 5:40 p.nx.
8:10 a.m. 12:50 p.m. .'„ Merced : 12:50 p.m. 3:5.1 p.m.
10:40 a.m. - 3:50 p.m. Fresno J::ioa.m. 2:20 p.m.
11:40 a.m. 5:20 p.m. HanforJ .:45 a.m. 1:15 p. ra
12:15 p.m. 8:45 p.m.: VisaUa 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p. m
Stopping at lnierraediate po into wnea require!
. connections-^ At stock tun "with 'steamboats of
C. N. & I. Co.. ' leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. m. daily; ■at Merced witb
stages to and from SnellinKs, Coultervllle. etc. ;
also with stage for . Hornltoa, Marlposa, etc :
at Lankersalm with stage to and from ilftdtrs*
1112
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver declined 1 cent.
Wheat and Barley weaker.
Oats and Corn dull.
Small offerings of Rye.
Hay and Foodstuffs unchanged.
Beans dull and weak.
Asparagus lower. Other vegetables about the
* E**rs firm. Butter easy. Cheese steady.
Poultry not materially changed.
Continued damage to fruit by frost.
■pried Fruit still flat.
Citrus Fruits very dull.
Provisions ptill neglected.
Wool inactive.
Hides and Hops unchanged.
Hogs very weak.
Rice unchanged.
Twelve failures last week.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports
twelve failure* in the Pacific Coast States and
Tfrritorlr-s for the week ending yesterday, as
compared with twenty-two for the previous
•week and eighteen for the corresponding week
of 1897. The failures for the past week are
divided among the trades as follows: 2 boots
and shoes. 1 hotel. 1 furnishing goods. 3 sa
loons, 1 grr.c.-ry. 1 dry goods, 1 stationery and
Jewelry, 1 butcher. 1 wholesale clothing.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top tig
ores at :'atlon lndlc:-.e maximum temperature
for the days: thi.se underneath It. if any. the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow In Inches
and hundredths during the past twelve hours. I
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal ,
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal j
temperature. The word "high" meani high
barometric press-re and Ib usually accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low prea
•ure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When i
the pressure is high In the Interior and low I
alone the coast, and the Isobars extend north i
and \=outh along the coast, rain Is probable; !
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is Im
probable. With a "high" In the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce aa
eppcslte result.
WEATHER REPORT.
fl^th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN" FKAXOISCO, March 25. 5 p. m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same data
last season :
Past This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Kureka 0.22 25.47 43.72
Bed Uluff Trace 12.08 22.77
Sacramento 0.04 8.59 lu.Bl
San Francisco 0.04 7.56 20. 86
Fresno 0.12 3. 53 7.97
San Luis Oblspo 0.10 5.« 20.11
Lew Angeles 0 5.02 16.46
Pan Diego 0 3.52 11.60
Yuraa 0 1.65 5.35
Pan Francisco temperature: Maximum, 4y;
minimum, 43: mean, 46.
WEATHEK CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The barometric depression, which was cen
tral last evening in Eastern Oregon and Idaho,
has moved southward in Southern Nevada,
where the barometer now reads as low as
2?. 6 inches. The conditions this evening are
very unsettled. Occasional showers have oc
curred in Northern California and It is still
raining at Fresno and San Luis Obispo. The
temperature has fallen more than 10 degrees
throughout the interior of Northern California,
and at Fresno it baa faJlen 30 degrees and now
reads 38 degrees. The sky is partly clouded,
but wherever clear in Northern California in
jurious frosts will probably occur to-night.
A cold wave Is forecast for Utah and
Southern Nevada-
Forecasts made at Ran Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight March 26, IK9S:
Northern California — Generally fair Saturday;
killing frost Saturday night and where clear
to-nipht: brisk north wind.
Southern California— Rain Saturday, followed
by fair: colder, severe frosts Saturday night
if wind ceases: brisk to high north wind.
Nevada— Probably fair Saturday; colder In
southeast portion.
I'tah— Snow Saturday; much colder; a. cold
■wave.
Arizona— Rain Saturday; decidedly polder.
San Francisco and vicinity— Probably fair
Saturday; brisk to high northwest wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais, taken
at 5 p. m. : Cloudy; wind northwest, 36 miles
per hour; temperature, 35: maximum, 41.
W. H. HAMMON.
Forecast Official
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 25.— To-day's closing
prices were the lowest in most cases since the
Cuban question became a dominant factor in
the situation. Twenty active shares averaged
lower than at any time this year, and Gov
ernment new 4s coupon were down to 119%
bid. This was on the assumption that new
issues were possible if expenditures for war
purposes continued long. Before the battleship
Maine was blown up they were quoted above
12S. It was freely predicted that the Maine
report would be extremely unfavorable. The
market opened with quotations slightly below
■yesterday's final figures. The bears, however,
were determined to bring about a substan
tially lower level and hammered many of the
leading stocks vigorously in an endeavor to
precipitate liquidation. The local transporta
tion shares and Sugar were the most vulner
able points of attack and the extreme weak
ness in those specialties was soon communi
cated elsewhere. Numerous stop loss orders
■were expected, and the market for a time took
on a very animated appearance, with losses
ranging between 1 and 3 per cent during the
first half hour's operations. Purchases for
London account and an effort on the part of
some traders to rally prices gave a steadier
tone, which, however, was accompanied by ex
treme stagnation. As the day progressed the
market dipped frequently, but there was an
absence of feature in the general speculation
until the final hour, when extensive liquida
tion set in, which depressed the bulk of the
high-priced specialties to the lowest figures of
the day. Washington houses were sellers, and
it was inferred that they might have some inti
mation of the nature of the Maine report.
Bucar was down 3^, partly on fear of the
proximity of increased competition In the
trade. The steady decline in this stock tended
to color recent reports that Inside support had
been withdrawn for the time being. The
break In Northern Pacific preferred of 1%, ac
companied as it was by weakness in Canadian
Pacific, was taken to indicate something un
favorable as forthcoming in regard to the rate
war. New York Central and the Grangers
showed little resistance to attack. There was
a further engagement for import of a moderate
amount of gold, making the total of the present
movement, including that from Australia,
nearly $35, 000, CO"). The foreign exchange market
exhibited heaviness to-day and some conces
sions were noticed In rates.
Quotations for railway mortgages continued
to sag on light offerings, which for the most
part consisted of usually active speculative
liens. The total transactions were $1,100,000.
Government bonds displayed extreme weak
ness, the new 4s coupon and registered and old
4s coupon yielding 1 per cent in the bid price;
the old 4s registered suffered to the extent of
I 1?I 1 ? and the 5s coupon and reclstered lost '4
each.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 546.000
shares, Including: Burlington, 32,427; Louisville
and Nashville. 6135; Manhattan, 20,575: Metro
politan Street Railway, 15,030; Missouri Pa
cific, 8C90; New Jersey Central. 3645; New York
Central 8012; Northern Pacific, 4150; Northern
Pacific preferred, 18,286; Rock Island, 12,205;
St. Paul, 37.000; Union Pacific, 11,490; Tobacco,
11,180; People's Gas, 9465; Sugar, 81,890; West
ern Union, 4978.
CLOSING" STOCKS.
Atchlson 10% St P & Om 65
Do pref 23% Do pref 145
Baltimore & Ohio 15% St P M & M.... 124
Canada Pacific ... 79 So Pacific  13
Canada Southern. 44% So Railway 7%
Cent Pacific .... 11% Do pref .- 24%
Ches & Ohio 17% Texas & :"actflc.. 8%
Chi & Alton 162 Union Pacific ... 47%
Chi B & Q 86% UP D & G 6%
Chi & E 111 61 Wabash 6%
CCC &St L.... 25% Do pref ...-..:.. 14%
Do pref 82 Wheel & L E.... 1%
Del & Hudson ... 106 Do pref 9%
Del L & W 145 Express Companies-
Den & Klo G 10% Adams Ex 100
Do pref 42% American Ex .... 123
Erie (new) 11% United States .... 33
Do Ist pref .... 31% Wells Fargo 115
Ft Wayne 166 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor pref 145 A Cot Oil 15%
Hocking VaJ 5% Do pref 65
Illinois Cent 97 Amn Spirits 6%
Lake Erie & W... 12% Do pref 15%
Do rref 65 Am Tobacco 92
Lake Shore 180 Do pref 112%
Louis & Nash ... 45% People's Gas 87
Manhattan L " 92% Cons Gas 168 •
Met St Rv 127 Com Cable Co .. IGS
Mich Central ... 101 Col F & Iron 16%
Minn & St L .... 24 Do pref 80
Do let pref .... 80 Gen Elec 30%
Mo Pacific 23 Illinois Steel .... 45
Mobile & 0hi0... 26 Laclede Gas 37%
Mo X & T 10% Lead 26%
Do pref 29% Do pref 102
Chi Ind & L 6% Nat Lin Oil 12
Do nr*f 22 Or Imp Co 25
N J Central 87% Pacific Mall 22%
N V Central 105% Pullman Pal 166
NY Chi & St L. 11% Silver Cert 55™
Do Ist pref .... 63 Stand R & T.... 3%
Do 2d pref .... 27 Sugar 109%
Nor West 11% Do pref 103%
No Amer Co 5% T C & Iron 17%
No Pacific 20 US Leather 5%
Do pref C 7% Do pref 54%
Ontario & W 13% U S Rubber 15%
Or R & Nay 41 Do pref 63
Or Short Lino ... 27 West Union 83%
Fittsburg 168 C& N W 113%
Reading 15% Do pref 172
Do Ist pref .... 36', St L & S W 4
RocK Island &0 1 * Do pref 8%
St L & S F 6% R G W 23
Do Ist pref 62 Do pref 64
Do 2d pref .... 23% Chi G W 9%
St Paul 86%|Haw Com Co 29
Do pref 143 I
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4a reg.. 118% N Carolina 65.... 125
Do coup 118% Do 4s 102
US 4s 108 No Pac lets 112
Do coup 110 Do 3s 57%
Do 2ds 98 Do 4s 93
U S 5s reg 110% N V C & S L 4s. 103
Do 5s coup 110% Nor & W 6s .... 119
District 3.65s 115 Northwstrn cons. 144
Ala class A .... 10*% Do deb 5s 115
Do B 107 O Nay lsts 115
Do C 97 O Nay 4s ......... 89
Do Currency ... 97 OS Line 6s tr.... 120
Atchison 4s 87% O S Line 5s tr 96%
Do adj 4s 55% O Imp lsts tr 104%
Can So 2ds 105 1 , Do 5s tr 53
Chi Term 43 .... SO Pacific 6s of 95... 103
C & Ohio 6s .... 113 Rending 4s 79% |
C H & D 4%5.... 104% R G W lsts 80
D& R G lsts.... 110 SI,& IM C 65.. 87% '
D & RG 4s 88 SL& SF G 65.. 118% i
East Term lsts.. 104% St P Con 140% j
Erie Gen 4s 67% St P C & P lsts.. 118
iFW & D lsts tr. 65% Do 5s 114% '
Gen Elec os 101 So Ry 5s 88
G H & S A 65... 102 Stand R A; T 65... 54
Do 2ds 103 Term new set Sa. 89
H & T C 6s 109 T & P L G lsts.. 98
Do con 6s 100 Do Rg 2ds .... 29
lowa C lsts 97% IT P D & G lsts.. 61
Kan P Con tr ... 97% Wab Ist 5s 105
X Pac Ist DD tr. 120 Do 2ds 74%
La new cons 45.. 101 W Shore 4s 107
L & N Uni 45.... 85% Va Centuries .... 68
Missouri 6s 100 Do deferred .... 3
N V Central lsts. 113% ! U P pref 47%
N J C 5s 11l i Do 4s 89%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 42 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 30 Ophlr 42
Con Cal & Va... 75 Plymouth 07 !
Deadwood 75 1 Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry... 18 Do pref 200
Hale & Norcross. 1 20 1 Sierra Nevada ... 145 !
Homestake 37 00 I Standard 170
Iron Silver 35 1 Union Con 35 I
Mexican SO! Yellow Jacket ... 25 I
BOSTON.
BOSTON. March 26.— Atchlson, 10%; Bell
Telephone, 239; Burlington, 86%; Mexican Cen
tral, 5; Oregon Short Line. 27%.
LONDON MARKETS.
NEW YORK, March 25.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here opened flat to-day on the London
Times' cables concerning the Chinese conces
sions to Russia, improved later on M. Hono
taux's assurance to the Paris Figaro that the
relations of France with all nations are cor
dial, and finally closed flat again. The ner
vous feeling Is Increasing as the settlement
approaches. Americans after a partial rally
closed flat. There was a further fall in South
American Governments and railroad stocks on
forced selling. ■ •
! There was a sharp fall In Spanish fours which
closed only a' fraction above the lowest. Span
ish exchange on London was demoralized and
quite nominal.
rrnor
Canadian Pacific. 83H; Grand Trunk, 7%;
bar silver, uncertain, 25 9-16 d per ounce.
Money — 2^4 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. March 25.— FLOUR— Receipts,
816 barrels; exports, 30,308 barrels. Further I
weakened by the decline In Wheat; Minnesota |
patents, $5 10@5 40; winter patents. $4 85@5 25.
WHEAT— 71,225 bushels; exports,
51,605 bushels. Spot, weak; No. 2 red, $1 02
f. o. b. afloat to arrive. Options suffered an- I
other bad break to-day based on further liqui- |
dations, enormous Argentine shipments, rum- I
ored Philadelphia bank failures and unsettled j
political situation. Opening weak at %4j%c ,
decline, it Bold off all day, pressure being |
mostly in near months, which closed lH@l%c !
lower, against %@%c decline in late deliveries. J
Export trade- at all ports was heavy. No. 2
red March closed $1 00%; May, $7&@99Vic, closed
SSc. _
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
METALS— The local market showed less sta
bility, several departments easing off under
lack of support and liberal offerings. At the
close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants very dull, with $6 70 bid
and $6 90 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Very quiet, with $11 874
bid and $12 asked.
Easier, with $14 25 bid and $14 35, asked.
SPELTER— Steady, with $4 25 bid ajd $4 35
&S LEAD-Eas!er. with $3 724 bid and $3 774
asked According to the firm fixing the price [
for miners and smelters in the West, the
closing quotation on Lead is $3 60.
— Options closed steady at 5 points j
net higher to 5c net lower. Sales, 19.030 bags, ;
including: April, $4 8504 90; M-". $6. Spot
Coffee— Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice, 54c; No. 7
jobbing, 8c: mild, quiet; Cordova, 8>,4@16c.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet and firm: fair refining,
3M>e: centrifugal. 96 test. 4c; refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 2450 packages. « Quiet;
Western creamery, 15V4@19c; factory. 12@14c.
EGGS— Receipts, 9979 packages. Quiet; State
and Pennsylvania, 10@10»4c; Western, 104 c;
Southern, 10@10Vic.
' DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, March 25.— California Dried
EVAPORATED APPLES— S@Sc: prime wire
tray 8%@84c; wood dried prime, 8%@84c;
choice, B%@9c; fancy, 9V4@9%c >:
"PRUNES— 34@7%c. •
APRICOTS— Royal, sV4@7c; Moorpark, 84®
lO^c
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 6®9c; peeled, 12@15c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, March 25.— Wheat opened weak
and lower on the ' extremely heavy shipments
from Argentine, that country contributing 2,
360,000 bushels during the week, compared with
one-tenth of that amount in the same week
last year. Liverpool cables showed declines
in that market averaging %d, part of which j
was quickly recovered, however. From S2%@ j
S2V4C at the' start, July fell to 82c, and held i
steady at that figure for some time, rallying,
occasionally to 82% c only to be pounded down
again. As the session progressed the market
became still heavier, July finally tumbling to
81% c. War talk had undoubtedly much to do
I do with the decline, which was accompanied by
I heavy liquidation. Professionals covered freely
from 82c down, but the offerings more than
satisfied them. Reports that the Servian im
port duty on ■ Wheat and Corn had been re
moved and a cablegram stating that the po
tato crop in the United Kingdom was the
smallest since 1884 had little or no effect.
Sales of thirty boat loads at the seaboard and
the Modern Miller report alleging serious dam
i age to the growing crov in California, Ne
braska, Kansas and Texas during the recent
cold wave started a buying movement near the
close which rallied prices a full cent. May sold
between $1 03 and $1 04, closing at $1 04. July
opened Me lower at 82«4@S2^c, sold off to SlVic
and closed at S2V»@B2V*c sellers.
Corn shared in .the general weakness. The
recovery In ' Wheat near the end had a bene
ficial effect. May closed Vie lower.
Oats suffered a decline of Vi@%c for May
delivery, and 4® Vie for July, on moderate
trading. Longs were the chief sellers. The
weakness in Wheat and Corn had a good deal
to do with the heaviness that prevailed.
Provisions were weak and selling: of Pork
more especially was urgent for j a long time.
The steadier feeling in the grain markets near
: the end of the session had a somewhat re
! assuring effect and caused the recovery of some
of the early decline. May Pork showed a loss
of -274 c a barrel at one time, and of 174 cm
the end. Lard and Ribs were relatively less
weak. • The former . lost for • the day 24@oc
and the latter 24@5c for May, with July leav
ing off at Thursday's prices. i >
The leading futures ranged as follows: ■
Articles— . . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat,. No. 2— ■ . : ,
May $103 $104 $103 $104
July 824 82% ," 81% 82%
September ........ ' 76%" : 764. 75»Z "' 75%
December 7614". 7694.; 75* 76
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 26, 1898.
Corn No. 2~.....2 ~..... 26% 28% 28% 28%
May 26% 28% 28*4 28%
July :::.:::.:: 29% 29% 29% 29%
September 31 31 30% 30%
Oats, No. 2— ;,*-*■„ _..
May 25% %23% 25 2»%
July .:•::-: 22% 23 22% 22%
Mess Pork, per bbl— „
May 955 9 57% 93j 940 :
July ........ 957% 965 940 962%
Lard, per 100 lbs— ■
May .....5 00 00 4 95 4 97% i
July 505 5 07% 5 02% 5 02% ]
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 4 97% 500 4 97% 500 \
July. 505 5 07% 500 505 j
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, I
dull and weak; No. 2 spring wheat, - 90@93c; !
No. 3 spring, S9@94c; No. 2 red. $1 00%; No. 2 i
corn, 28ig2S»4c; No. 2 oats. 25%@26c; No. 2
white, 29%<g30c; No. 3 white, 27%@29c; No. 2
rye, 49c; No. 1 flax seed, $1 17@1 20; prime tim
othy, seed, $2 85@2 87%; mess pork, per barrel, I
$9 45@9 50; lard, per 100 pounds, {4 92%@4 95;
short ribs sides (loose), $4 82%ra5 10; dry salted <
shoulders (boxed), 4%@4%c; short clear sides i
(boxed), $5 25® 5 40; whisky, distillers" finished i
goods, per gallon, $1 19%.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 60,000 42,000
Wheat, bushels 55,000 193,000
Corn, bushels 251,000 99,000
Oats, bushels 201,000 236,
Rye. bushels 500 100
Barley, bushels 70,000 36,000 |
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries. 13@18%c; dairies,
10%@16c. Cheese, quiet, B@B%c. Eggs, firm,
fresh, 9%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
. Receipts. Shipments, i
Cities— Bushels. Bushels. |
Minneapolis 167,300 .16.330
Duluth 66,616
Milwaukee 15,600 650
Chicago 64,915 192.510
Toledo 14.711 1.800 j
St Louis 11.000 15.000 !
Detroit : 3,746 2,526 j
Kansas City 8,500 26.500
Totals 349,883 255,316
Tidewater-
Boston 21,850
New York 71,325 < 61,606
Philadelphia 7.210 3.200
Baltimore 16,303
New Orleans
Galveston 8,800
Totals : 125.488 . 64.805
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— March. May. j
Opening 63 90 60 20
Closing
Flour-
Opening .... 23 95 27 93
Closing
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
March. May. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 79% 7 4 6 11% 65% 65%
Closing 7 9 74% 6 11% 6 6 65%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, March CATTLE — ere
steady. Extra . to choice steers, $5 50@5 75;
choice do, $5 05@5 40; good, $4 So@s; common to
fair. $4 20£>5; cows and heifers, good to choice,
; $3 50@3 90; calves, good to prime, $6@6 75; com
mon to good, $4@5 90.
HOGS— lower. The extreme range was
: $3 70@4, sales being largely, $3 92%<53 95: fair
: to choice, $3 87%@4; common to choice. $3 75®
i 3 92%; common to good light, $3 70@3 82%.
SHEEP AND LAMBS— Were steady and fair
!ly active. Sheep, common to prime, $3 50«
I 4 75: fed Westerns, *3 25@4 70; yearlings, $4 50
i ©5 10; lambs. $4 756*5 65; do springs. $6 50<&7.
Receipts— 3000; hogs, 22,000; sheep,
9000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, March 25.— CATTLE — Receipts,
1S00; market steady. Native beef steers, $3 90®
6 10; Western steers, $3 75*54 70; Texas steers,
f3 10(54 25: cows and heifers, $3 WQ* 20; can
ners,~s2 25@3; stockers and feeders, $3 75g5;
cajves, $4 So©6 50; bulls, stags, etc., $2 50®
3 70.
HOGS— Receipts. 7600; market 6c lower.
Heavy. $3 65iff3 75; mixed. J3 HOI 70; light,
*3 6603 70: bulk of sales, $3 6.W3 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3500: market steady. Fair
to choice Westerns, $3 60<&4 50: common and
stock sheep, $3(fi4; lambs, $4 25@5 35.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. March 25.—CATTLE—Re
cr-lpts, 3700. Market active, steady to 10c
higher; dressed beef, $4 3jigs; fed Western
steers, $3 65«4 65; native cows and heifers,
$2 50<g4 40: stockers and feeders, $3 2o<JJS 50;
bulls $2 75<34 20; Southern steers, $3 85(5 4 S5.
HOGS— Receipts (official). 1200 head. Market
steady to 5c lower: bulk of sales, $3 60@3.75;
heavies and packers, J3 6. r >Ti3 S5; medium and
mixed. $3 60@3 S5; lights, $3 8503 90; pigs, $3 50
(q3 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3700. Market active and
steady; Western muttons, up to $4 50; mixed
Hheep and yearlings, $4 60; lambs, $4 15@5 30;
spring lambs, JS.
DENVER.
DENVER. Colo.. March 25.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts liT«i. Market steady; beef steers. $3 75ff
4 SO; cows, $3 10<ff4; feeders, freight paid to
river $4<ff4 70; etockers. freight paid to river,
$4@4 80; bulls and stags, %2 30<g3 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 400. Market firm, 5c lower;
light packers. $3 70@3 75; mixed, $3 65®3 70;
h*>avy. $3 65<5 3 ".
SHEEP— Receipts, 1200. Market steady; good
fat muttons, $3<S4 25; lambs. $4 50©5 25.
FRUIT IN THE EAST.
NEW YORK, March 23.— The Journal of Com
merce rays: The frequent reports of frost
damage to the fruit crops In California and
the statements made by each mall of late,
and also by telegraph, that the crops were
suffering from lack of rain, seems to have had
no influence to stimulate speculative or even
to Increase the consuming demand In any line
with the exception of apricots, which sold
freely in Eastern markets for immediate de
livery, It is reported, while spot stocks of all
desirable qualities have been closely absorbed.
The market, however, has not advanced ma
terially. The interest In peaches has not ex
tended beyond the limits of the jobbing trade,
but In view of the fact that many sellers here
were instructed to-day by their principals on
the Coast to withdraw offerings, the- tone of
the market was decidedly better, although no
advance in spot quotations was made.
The situation In dried fruits, in spite of re
ports from California. Is still somewhat unset
tled on the spot. It is held by many in the
trade that the coming crop in California might
be much more seriously damaged than indi
cated by the reports so far received and yet
leave a supply that would be fully adequate
to all home requirements and leave a consider
able surplus to be exported. In fact, there
seems to be a general Indisposition to accept
reports of a total ruin of the crop, because
somewhat similar reports in the past nave
been later disproved, and this is shown in the
entire absence of speculative demand at pres
ent for spot goods.
FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK. March 25.— Bradstreefs Flnan- ]
clal Review to-morrow will say: A dull and
nervous tone has prevailed in speculative clr- :
cles. and while the market has been generally
weak and lower, several slight rallies were
produced by the short interest. Attention has |
D een centered to even a greater extent than In !
the preceding weeks on the relations between
Spain and the United States and the probability
of matters in that connection coming to a j ,
head. The public is entirely out of the market ;
and the larger interests are also taking com
paratively little active Interest, though for
eigners were sellers to some extent. The pro- j
fessional and semi-professional element has
evidently prepared for any emergency by Bell-
Ing stocks right and left. Indeed, the liquida
tion of weak long holdings has been so com
plete that the further declines failed to bring
any noticeable selling by commission houses. ■
On the other hand, the borrowing demand for i
stocks throughout almost the whole active list
has t*>en evidently increasing from day to day
and has at times assumed an unwleldly appear
ance In spite of the absence of any buying
power.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, March 25.— At the Wool auction
sales to-day 15.028 bales of Wool were offered.
Fine crossbreds were in brisk demand and I
coarse showed a hardening tendency Follow
ing are the sales to detail:
New South Wales. 5200 bales; scoured, B%d@
Is n'-id; greasy, P^ll^d.
Queensland, 2800 bales; scoured. Is BVsd@ls 6d; j
! greasy. r.V-j'&lld.
Victoria, 1100 bales; scoured. Is sd; greasy, [
1 M©l« 4Vsd.
South Australia, 100 bales; scoured, Is %d@
I is 3Mid.
New Zealand, 4800 bales; scoured, BHd@ls
I 3Vid; greasy. 6@llVjd.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal, 900 bales;
scoured, Bd@ls 2d; greasy, 6Vj@Sd.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, March 25.— Consols, 111 9-16. Sil
ver, 25 9-16 d. French rentes, 103f 42% c.
LIVERPOOL, March 25.— Wheat dull; No. 1
standard California Wheat, 38s; cargoes off :
coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
quiet; English country markets, quiet; French
country markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 5-16 d.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter,
dull. 7s 7%d.
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, easy, 3s
4d; futures, quiet; March, 3s 3%d; May, 3s
2%d; July, 3s 2d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., March 25.— WHEAT—
Walla Walla, 75@76c; valley and blue stem, 78c
per bushel.
Cleared— British hark Wynnstaln, for Queens
town, with 90,113 bushels of Wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., March 25.— WHEAT—
Firm; No. 1 club, 76c: No. 1 blue stem, 79c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or., March 25.— Exchanges
$313,028; balances, $105, 235. •
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, March 2o.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
| Weekly Review of Trade will say in to-mor
row's Issue: A waiting state of things always
I binders business to some extent. With more .
' than $34,000,000 gold received or on its way
since the movement began, with ample bank
reserves and treasury reserves and a redemption
• of notes in all ways nearly a third smaller
than in February, to date, with no stringency
iti the money market and stfrllnjj exchange
weak, with the volume of business at clearing
; houses outside New York larger than in IM<2
! by 6.9 per cent this month, and with failures
I nearly 3U per cent smaller than In the same
month of 1892, there is not much visible ground
i for panic, even if earnest efforts should fall to
; keep peace with honor. Warlike reports come
every day, and stock operators make the most
! of them, and yet the average of prices of rail
| road stocks Is $53 OS against $53 20 two weeks
afeo to-day. Nor have industrial operations
j been perceptibly affected except where extra
| ordinary buying for some weeks past has made
necessary a pause for breath, so to speak, or
where unnatural prices had caused a halt be
j fore the destruction of the Maine. Some de
crease in new engagements would be expected
I with war apparently near. But as yet scarcely
any Indication of decrea.se for that reason is
I seen. It is difficult to take dismal views when
i the nation is surpassing all records in market-
Ing products. Atlantic exports of wheat for
the week have been 2 ISO.S2rt bushels, against
1,272.286 last year, and in four weeks. 9.302.514.
i flour included, against 5,103,425* last year, with
Pacific exports 4.232.H32. against 899,242 last
year. The price has declined 2% cents, but the
! heavy shipments and contracts for export are
'■ having a constant Influence.
| Sales of wool have been only 11.411,600 pounds
• in three weeks, at the three chief markets,
against 46,605.300 pounds last year, and quo
tations are yielding, with sales of old wool
'iftilc below current quotations for clothing,
and no Indication that manufacturers are near
ing the end of their stocks.
Cancellations are numerous, but in proportion
j to orders smaller than for five years past, and
find natural explanation in an advance of
prices greater in some lines than distribution
seems to warrant. Yet the mills are nearly all
full of orders for some months to come, and
' rather more demand for gooas Is seen since
I colder weather appeared.
The Iron and steel Industry is more fully
employed than ever before in its history, and
although production of bessemer pig is be
yond all precedent, the price advances and bil
lets are still bought in open market by some of
the largest producers. Other pig Is steady in
proportion, and no decline appears in finished
products, excepting steel plates at the East,
but for these the demand at Chicago is enor
mous as for cars and agricultural Implements
materials, pending orders for cars covering
500 to 2000 each. The structural demand during
the first quarter was SO per cent larger than In
the same quarter any previous year, and It Is
said the demand for pip* 1 Is swelled by pend
ing contracts for 126 miles. Minor metals are
| comparatively quiet: tin at 14.3 cents: lake
copper at 12 cents; lead firm at 3.7 cents, and
nickel in heavy demand at 34 cents.
Failures for the week have been 251 In the
| United States against 291 last year, and 21 In
Canada against 50 last year.
BRADSTREET' S REVIEW.
NEW YORK. March 2.".— Rradstreet's to-mor
row will say: The favorable features of the
week in distributive trade have been the r»
ports coming, with few exceptions, from all
parts of the West and Northwest, and marred
only by the checks to business and shipments
caused by heavy rains Rn.i htgh water in the
Ohio Valley. The unsettled condition of our
relations with Spain is credited with exercis
ing some effect upon immediate demands and
upon future undertakings in the eastern por
tion of the country. But the two industries,
cotton and woolen, most complaining, are
those In which conditions other than foreign
complications have for some time past been
working toward depression. The coarse cot
ton goods situation does not Improve In any
way, and declines In print cloths to a still ]
lower record quotation, rendering ineieasingly !
Imminent action by manufacturers toward cur
tailing production in this line. While some
woolen goods mills have already booked good
orders, the business as a whole has not
been up to anticipations. Raw wool, however,
does not reflect the rather unsatisfactory con
dition in the manufactured product in lower
quotations. The condition of the iron and
steel trade Is one which excited satisfaction
and almost surprise. From a number of wide
ly separated sections the report comes of un
precedented activity in nearly all branches of
the trade. Pigiron is higher at several mar
kets and efforts toward harmonizing produc
tion elements in crude ami manufactured pro
ducts are being assiduously pushed. Modern
steel plants are reported rushed with orders
and consumers' demands more than keep up
with the deliveries. Western steel men are re
ported buying billets in the East, while East
prn ship builders are buying steel plates in
the West.
The price situation this week Is notable In
showing decreases more numerous than for
some time past. This, of course. Includes
many lines in which speculation plays a
marked part. The passing of the cold wave,
with little or no reported damage to the grow
ing winter wheat, coupled with the forward
movement of agricultural matters and the an
ticipated hlgli acreage in spring wheat, is
credited with much of the depressing influence
manifested In cereals this week. Aiding this,
of course. Is the dlsmuragement of specula
tion by the Strong statistical position of the
Immense wheat supplies and the uncertainty
as to our political relations. The position of
the flour trade Is unsatisfactory for several rea
sons: business Is re ported as dragging a.n<l
production may l>e reglMted.
Klour and corn exports are larger this weefc,
but those of wheat are smaller. The total ex
ports "f wheat. Including flour, aggregate 3.
896,318 bushels, against 3.679.056 bushels last
week: 1,749,100 bushels in this week a year ago;
1,744/00 bushels In 1596. 2,562.000 bushels In 1895
and 2.966,000 bushels In IS!>4.
Business failures in the United .States this
week are 216, against 233 last week. 221 In this
week a year ago, 276 in ISS6 and 232 in IS9».
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK. March 25.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at cities for the week ended March "2,
with the percentage of increase and decrease
as compared with the corresponding week last
year :
Pr.ct. Pr.ct.
Inc. Dec.
New York $634,675,704 25.6
Boston 89.142.852 5.0
Chicago 94.186,064 35.9
Philadelphia 62.867,364 15.8
St. Louis 24.290.636 8.2
Pittsburg 20,002.777 31.1
Baltimore 14.514.206 13.0
San Francisco 12.632.665 20.7
Cincinnati 10.808.300 5.0
Kansas City 10.063.773 3.7
New Orleans 7,929.165 18.1
Minneapolis 8,848. MS 3:,. 6
Detroit 5.710,614 17.9
Cleveland 5,880,474 13.0
Louisville 5.999,406 18.6
Providence 4.572,600 2.2
Milwaukee 4.490,710 22.0
St. Paul 3.510.831 29.1
Buffalo 3.539.889 4.1
Omaha 5.198,321 23.0
Indianapolis 4.716.337 33.0
Columbus, 0 3,156,700 13. S
Dallas 1.999.057 35. 8
Savannah 2.787.948 45.0
Denver 1.580.895 1.7
Hartford 2.006.536 2.4
Richmond 2.026.875 15. 3
Memphis 1.739,827 13.5
Washington 1,510.371 11.8
Peeria 1,469,848 23.9
Rochester 1.240.058 4.1
New Haven 1.239.357
Worcester 1,141,319 ' 14.0
Atlanta 1,489.122 45.9
Salt Lake City 1.160.615 4.6
SprlngfMd. Mass.... 1,514,920 34.0
Fort Worth 1.171.739 11.4
Portland. Me 1.457.980 70.2
Portland. Or 1.5r.7.072 27.3
St. Joseph 1,531,639
Los Angeles 908,099 2.7
Norfolk 1,161,047
Syracuse 1.144.45S 15. 2
Dcs Moines 1,062,127 12.9 I
Nashville 711.29.'. 15.2 j
Wilmington, Del 676.024
Fall River 830,354 15.8 I
Scranton 808,720 36.0
Grand Rapids 660.000 12.2
Augusta Ga 582.171 36.2
Dayton, 0 651.527 22.1
Seattle 1,604,398 239.5
Taeoma 878.291 129.8
Spokane 913.982 99.5
Bkrax city 748,915 86. 5
New Bedford 4M.248 21.7
Knoxville, Term 479.0* 1 10. 2
Topeka 455.729 33.1
Birmingham fOI.OSI 35.3
Wichita 470,858 14.9
Blnghamton 310.100 16.9
Lincoln 245.573 36.2
Lexington. Ky 311.463 19.5
Jacksonville, F1a.... 243.207 15.1
Kalamazoo 257.-152 11.2
Akron 272.800 8.2
Bay City 164,154 19.2
I Chattanooga 298.054 29.5
I Roekford. 11l 247.109 19.2
I Canton. 0 184.300 37.4
Springfield. 0 150.200 32.2
Fargo N D . ... 179.600 68.8
Sioux ' Falls. S. D... 107.034 16.9
Hastings, Neb 118.724 63.9
Fremont. Neb 52.730 60.7
Davenport 538.877 47.4
Toledo 1.889,2*7 9.6
Galveston 4.856.300 19.1
Houston 4,096,525 27.0
i Youngstown 252,157
| Macon 644.300
Evansvllle 744,263
Helena 518,336
Totals U. S $1,084,339,916 22.4
Totals outside N. Y. 449,661,212 16.0
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $13,174,058 53.8
! Toronto 9.035.089 62.2
Winnipeg 1.253.448 19.4
! Halifax 1.035.667 5.0
Hamilton 703.504 16.5
St. John, N. B 453.221 1-0
Totals $25,635,328 45.4
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. March 25.— T0-day's state
: ment of the condition of th« Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $224,474,672; gold re
serve, $172,219,161.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 82
Sterling- Exchange, 60 days — 4 85
Sterling Cables — IS
New York Exchange, sight — 17^4
Fine Sliver, per ounce ". — 66
Mexican Dollars .« — 46
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Values on call . were unsettled . in
sympathy with an erratic Chicago market.
Spot ' grain | was weak, dull and nominal.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 42%
for No. 1, $1 45 for choice and $1 47%@1 60 per
ctl for choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls,
$1 43%; 2000, $1 44^. December— $1 36; 4000,
$1 35%: 6000. $1 34%; 12.000. $1 35%; 12,000, $1 30%.
Second Session— December— 6ooo ctls, $1 36%;
4000. $1 35%; 10,000, $1 35%. May— 4oo, $1 43%.
Regular Morning Session— December— lo,ooo
ctls. $135%; 6000, $1 35 H; 2000, $135%; 4000,
$1 35%. May— $1 44%.
Afternoon Session— May— ctls, $1 44%;
2000. $1 44%; 4000, $1 44%: 24. 000, $1 44%. Decem
ber—2ooo, $1 35 %; 2000, $1 36; 2000, $1 35%; 4000,
$1 35%.
BARLEY — Cloudy weather and a light
j sprinkle here and there depressed prices again,
and trade was dull. -
Feed. $1 17%@1 20: Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 6ooo ctls.
$1 15%: 4000, $1 15%. December— l4,ooo, $1 11;
14,000, $1 11V» : 2000, $1 11%; 2000, $1 11%.
Second Session— December — 1000 ctls, $1 11%;
4000. $1 11V«; 14.000. $111%; SOOO, $1.11. May—
2000, $1 15%; 4000. $1 15.
Regular Morning Session— December— ctls,
$1 11%. May— 2ooo, $1 16: 2000. $1 15"-.
Afternoon Session — December — 14,000 ctls,
$1 11%: 32.000, $1 11%. May— $1 15%.
OATS— The market has subsided into its usual
dullness.
Fancy Feed, $1 32% per ctl: good to choice.
$1 25@1 30; common. $1 20@l 22%; Surprise,
$1 27%@1 35; red. $1 35@1 45; gray. $1 2001 22%;
milling, $1 22%@1 27%. per ctl. - . ;-,,,;-
CORN— There is no demand whatever.
Small round yellow. $1 10@l 12% per ctl : large
yellow, $1 06%@l 10; white, $1 10@l 12%.
RYE— 10 per ctl. There is very little offer
ing.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75(??1 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— cash prices are: Family extras,
$4 75@4 85; Bakers' extras, $4 60@4 60 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount' to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3- per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 50 per 100:
Rice Flour, $5 75: Cornmeal, $2 25; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3: Oatmeal. $3 BO; Oat Groats, $4;
Hominy, $3 10@3 30; Buckwheat Flour, $4;
Cracked Wheat $3 50: Farina. $4 50: Whole
Wheat Flour, 13 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). $5 25
(B*s 65; In sacks, $5 05@5 45: Pearl Barley. $4: !
Split Peas, $3 75: Green Peas, $4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay is steady at unchanged quotations. Bran
and Middlings are as before. ■•
i BRAN— SIGWI6 SO per ton.
MIDDLINGS— 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $25@28 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $28 50@29 50;
Jobbing, $30; Cocoanut Cake, $21 50@22 50; Cot
tonseed Meal, $28@30 per ton: Cornmeal, $23@
24: Cracked Corn, $23 50@24 50; Chopped Feed,
$17@18.
HAT— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat. $19^23
per ton: Wheat and Oat. $IS@22; Oat. $17 50@)
19 50; Barley, $17@19; compressed Wheat, $19<#
22: compressed Oat, $l6<fi)18; Alfalfa, $11@13;
stock. $12@13: Clover, $13@14.
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Shipment of 1426 ctls Beans to New York by
sea. Bayos are being shipped into Texas from
Mexico, owing to the high prices here, and it
is reported, but not confirmed, that 10 cars of
Mexican Bayos are on the way here. Beans
are very dull, and the feeling is rather weak
than otherwise. ,',
BEANS— Bayos, $2 75@2 90: Small Whites.
$1 4601 55; Large Whites, $1 40@l 55; Pinks.
$2 25*52 40: Reds. $2@2 25; Blackeye, $2 40@2 50;
Butters $1 40(^1 60; Li mas. $2@2 VIV*; Pea. $1 40
@1 55; Red Kidneys, $1 8663 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, »2 7o<f?3 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. $252 60: Flax, $2 35; Canary
Seed, 2Vi!»2%c per Ib; Alfalfa, 3@6c; Rape,
2@2%c: Hemp,' 3c; Timothy, 5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 40@l 65; Green, $1.60
<gl 90 per ctl. '
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Asparagus was lower again and there was
less frozen stock received.
Other Vegetables were about the same. New-
Potatoes were In heavy supply and dull.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 50<g'65c; River Reds.
50056 c; River Burbanks, Wg6oc per sack: Ore
gon Burbanks. 60<990c; Petaluma Burbanks,
gOQtOc; Sweet Potatoes. 75c|r$l for Merced; new
Potatoes, l(i<2Vic per lb.
ONIONS— SI 76©1 50 per ctl; cut Onions, 50c@
$1 25 per pack.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 600 boxes As
raragus 49. boxes Rhubarb and 360 sacks Peas.
Asparagus. 6<?i7c per lb for fancy, $2<S3 per
box for No 1 and $1 r.Otfrl 75 for No. 2; Rhubarb,
65c<R>$l 2. r , per box: Alameda Green Peas, 2if?3c
per lb; Dried Pepper*. B® 7c per lb: Dried Okra.
Ifttc; Cabbage, 60@75c per ctl; Carrots. 25<ci6<ir:
per sack; Garlic, s£sHc per lb; Cucumbers, 50c
@$1 per dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES-
Potatoes, sliced raw, 12c per lb in lots of 2a
lbs- sliced desiccated, lfiodSc; granulated raw,
13c' Onions. 60c: Carrots, old. 13c; new, lSc;
Cabbage 30c: Sweet Potatoes. 30c; Turnips,
25c- String Beans. 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Prices for all kinds ranged about the same,
and there was little stock left on hand at the
POULTRY— Ltve Turkeys. 10<fllc for Gob
blers and 12-?T3c for Hens; dressed Turkeys.
12015 c per lb: Geese, per pair, $1 25<ffl 75:
G««llnes $2 BOOS; Ducks. $3 50OG for old and
1708 60 f or young: Hens. $3iS4 50; Roosters,
voune $7«7"&O; Roosters, old. $3 50*54; Fry
►•r* MOC& Broilers. $5 50«6 for large, $3 50®
4 50 for small; Pigeons. $26 2 25 per dozen for
young and $1 25«?1 50 for old.
GAME — Nominal.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs are firm and dealers get the quotations
without difficulty. Cheese is steady, but But
ter Is easy.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, lS@18»£c; sco-
On Dliry l6 1 C olce to fancy, 16@17c; second
Xr Eastern 4 Butter- "imitation creamery, 16@16%c;
ladle-packed. .15<gl6c per It>.
r-HFFSE— Choice mild new 9@loc; common
to good J^Wi Cream Cheddar. 10®llo;
Young America. 10@llc; .Western. ll@12c; East
ern l'^SllS^C per It).
EGOS"- Eggs, 13<gl4c per dozen; store
Eggs, 12Vi<gl3c. . - ■• ' , ■
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Every day brings Its blue reports from the
fruit districts, and the damage seems to be
worse than first reported.
Citrus fruits continue dull and weak.
Arrival of 511 boxes of Mexican Limes.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
ADDles 40<f?r«)c per box for common, oc@sl
for good' to choice and $1 25@1 40 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 25®
2 25- Seedlings. SOCffJl; Tangerines. 35@40c for
small boxes; Lemons, 50^ 75c for common and
HOI 50 for good to choice; Mexican Limes.
Sli4 '0- California Limes, in small boxes. 40®)
60*; Bananas, $1 25@2 25 per bunch; Pineapples.
$ZCai per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NTJTS. RAISINB. ETC.
The widespread devastation by frost In the
State has thus far had no effect whatever on
the market. The East still laughs at the re
ports and will not believe one of them.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 3%@
4Vic for 40-50-s, 3^4@3%c for 60-60's. 2%@3V4c
for SO-70's, 2'xi4i2»ic for 70-SO's. 1%@2»4c for 80
90s VA&I%,C for 90-100's; Peaches, 2fc@4c;
fancy 4V.fasc; peeled. 10<ffil2Vic; Apricots, s@6c
for Royals and 7iS?7V4c for good to fancy Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples. 6%@7i4e: sun-dried,
4OCe: Black Figs, in sacks, 2<g2Vic; Plums,
4V2<ii-t%c for pitted and Krfl^c for unpltted;
bleached Plums, s(@!sV*c; Nectarines, 4<jisc for
prime to fancy: Pears, 2H<S'4 1 '* C for quarters
and MK%G for halves, according to color, etc.
HAISINS— I Ufa 2c for two-crown. 3c for three
crown 3V*c for four-crown, 4' 2 c for Seedless
Sultanas, 2%e for Seedless Muscatels and $1@
1 10 for London layers; dried grapes, 2%c.
XUTS Chestnuts are quotable at Sc per
ITv Walnuts, sfr6c for hardshell and 6(?f7c for
softshell; Almonds, 2V4$?3V4c for hardshell, s@6c
for softshell and 7®Bc for paper-shell; Peanuts,
4'QfiM.c for Eastern and Vt-c for California;
Pecans 6H@Sc; Filberts. SVfcOlOc; Brazil Nuts,
B«9c per lb; Cocoanuts, $4 50^5 per 100.
HONEY— Comb. S'tflOc for bright and s<(i~c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 4V4@
Be; light amber extracted. 3%®4^c per It).
PROVISIONS.
Trad? Is almost at a standstill. No change
In prices.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9%0 per lb for
heavy, 9%c for light medium, 10\c for light,
lie for extra light and 12M-C for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10' / 4@llc ; Califor
nia Hams. 10c: Mess Beef. $9 per bbl; extra
mess do. $10: family do, $tl'g>l2: Salt Pork, $9;
extra prime Pork. $10; extra clear, $18; mess,
$16- Smoked Beef, 11012 c per lb.
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at s>4c per lb
for compound and 7c for pure; pails, 7%c;
California tierces. Stte per lb for compound
and 6 ] 4c for pure; half-barrels, 6%c; 10-lb tins,
7Vfcc; do, 5-lb, Sc.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. SKSfflhc ; packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-lh pails, 60 in a case, Sftc;
3-lb palls. 20 In a ca«e, B%c; 5-lb pails. 12 In a
case, B'ic; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case. $%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7*ic; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, 7vic; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, l%c; half-
I bbls, about 110 lbs. 7VsC per lb.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL. AND HOPS. ,
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under. the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium,' 9@9%c; .light,' 9c; Cow
hides, Oc; stags, 6c; salted Kip. 9&c; Calf. 10c;
dry Hides, 16(frl6V4c; culls and ■ brands, 13@13',ic:
dry. Kip and Veal, 13»s@14«c:. dry Call, 17^@
19V4c; culls, Goatskins. 30@37c each: : Kids,
E<&lOc; Deerskins, good summer, . 25@S0c per lb,
medium, 20c; winter. 10c: Sheepskins, shear
lings, ■ 20@30c each short wool, 40@70c each;
medium, - 70@90c; long wools. 90c® $1 30. each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3@3}ic per lb; No.
2,'2&2^c; refined, sc: Grease. 2@2<4c.
- WOOL— Fall clip— Joaquin, defective, 7@
9c: Southern Mountain. fl@llc;- free. Northern,
12@13c; do. defective. 9@llc per lb. ■ v
■ The circular of Jacob Wollner says: "The
Wool 'markets, :. both i local' and : Eastern, ■ are
Incomprehensible as j with the foreign markets
•tronx and advancing and stocks snort, and the
strong demand and advancing prices at the
London sales now in progress, there is hardly
any- Woo! selling in America. The sales in
the three largest Eastern markets, Boston,
New York and Philadelphia, show a falling off
since the Ist of January of this year of 60.000,
000 "pounds, and there is no demand whatso
ever at the time of the present writing. How
long this dull spell is going to last without
affecting the prices now asked for wool it, Is
hard to foretell. One thing is certain, that
America cannot import Wool at the prices now
prevailing In Europe. Prices asked in ; this
country are still from 3c to 5c below the im
porting point. ,
"The supposition is that the mills are using
their purchases made in 1897 and will not go
into the market until their old stock is ex
hausted and they can get a further advance
on manufactured goods. : - .
"Another cause of the inactivity of the wool
market is the war scare. If we have war of
course it may make the., market somewhat
duller for the time, but it will react favorably
on the market later. <
"Shearing is In active progress In the south
ern part of the State, but the wools are not
quite as good as. they were last year. There
is very little selling the country and so far
the arrivals of Wool In this market from the
Ist of Jaunary to this date are 3100 bales less
than last year. Very little new Wool has
come forward so far.
"There Is no market, so there are no quota
tions." -
HOPS— OId crop. 2<f/6c for poor to fair and S@
10c for good; new crop, ll@l4c per lb.
- SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs continue weak at the recent decline.
Wholesale, rates .. for dressed stock, from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, fi%@7c; second quality.
s>/^a6c: third quality. 4@sc per lb.
VEAL— 6<fi6Hc; small, 7@7Hc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9c; Ewes, SV4@9c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 10@llc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 4U@4%c for large. 4«4c
for small and 4Hc for medium; stock Hogs,
3®3%c; dressed Hogs, 6®6%c. .
, GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentln, $5 30.
.. COAL— Wellington. $10 per ton: New Welling
ton, $10; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $6 50; Coos Bay.
$5 50; Wallsend. $7 50: Scotch. $10; Cumberland,
$10 in bulk and $1160 in sacks; Pennsylvania
Anthracite Egg, $15: Cannel. $10 per ton; Rock
Spring?. Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $9;
Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in sacks.
WlNE— Shipment of 305,5U3 gallons to New
York by sail. .. • . Vo' •
SALMON— Shipment of 25.970 cases and 254
bbls. to New York by sail.
BORAX— Shipment of 601.000 lbs. to New-
York by pea.
RlCE— Chinese mixed, $4 25@4 30 per ctl: No.
1. $4 COifJ'4 80; extra No. 1, $505 20; Hawaiian, I
$5 12'->f<s 25: Japan, $5 10*?5 15; Rangoon, $4 25. 1
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com- I
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6%c: Powdered, 6'4c; Dry
Granulated, -5%c; Confectioners' A. 5%c; Mag
nolia- A, si;c; Extra C, 5%c; Golden C,. sc;
Candy Granulated. 5%c; California A, 5%c per
lb: half barrels Vie more than barrels, and
boxes %c more. ■
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday, March 25.
Flour, qr ska ... 9.795 I Hay, tons 310
Wheat, ctls 500 Hops, . bales 12
Barley, ctls 4,840 Wool, bales .... 1
Corn, ctls 325 Pelts, bdls 390
Cheese, ctls 134 Hides, no . 54
Butter, ctls 289 i Eggs, doz 15,150
Beans, ctls 269 Quicksilver, flsk. 50
Potatoes, ska ... 2,008 Leather, rolls ... 104
Shorts, sks 328 Lumber, ft 60.000
Onions, sks ..... 22 \ Wine, gals 50,000
Bran, sks 62 I Brandy, gala 600
OREGON. :'-'. ■■■■•■;
Flour, qr sks ... 612 1 Oats, ctls 2,040
♦
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Eggs are rather dearer, but there is no
change in Butter.
Meats, Poultry and Fish remain about the
same.
The usual fluctuations appear in the Summer
Vegetables.
Following Is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
Coal, per ton —
Cannel $ <g>l2 00 j Castle Gate.. 11 00®
Wellington . @12 001 Pleasant VI. II 00®
New Welling- Southneld
ton @12 00 Wellington @12 00
Seattle 8 50@ i Coos Bay @ 7 50.
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter fancy, per ■ | Common Eggs — 15@—
square 40@45 ; Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll 35(537 doz ...15@17V4
Do good 30<ft— I Honey, comb, per
Cheese, Cal 10@12i lb 12^15
Cheese, Eastern.. lsl32ol Do,' extracted... B@lo
Cheese, . Swiss.*.. ..2o@3o|
Meats, per pound —
Bacon 12@17 Pork, fresh 12@15
Beef, choice 12(?fl5 Pork, salt ..'..10012
Do good MfflOlPork Chops 12@1S
Corned Beef B<£lO Round Steak 10®—
Ham, Cal 12%ff?15 Sirloin Steak....
Dp, Eastern ft '15 ' Porterhouse do 17@20
Lard .- : ..v.12<i?15 Smoked 8eef...... — ©15
Mutton ■-.- ..... .': . ..11@12 Pork- Sausages.. —©20
Spring Lamb...;.. 15@ — ' ■ ■•
Fruits and Nuts —
Almonds, lb 12if?15| Limes, doz 10013
Apples 1b... 3# olOranges, doz 15040
Bananas, doz 16020 1 Raisins, lb s@lo
Lemons, doz 20@25 1 Walnuts, lb 15@—
■ Poultry and Game — .
Hens each.... 50@ 60 Ducks, each... 63@ 85
Young Roost- Geese, each....l 25 (51 75
era each 60@ 75 Pigeons, pair. 25@ 50
Old Roosters, Rabbits, pair.— —@ 40
eacn 50<g) — Hare, each (ft 20
Fryers each.. 65@ — Wild . Geese, pr 40<f? 50
Broilers, each. 350 40 Veal 12@15
Turkeys, pr lb 15@ : 16
Vegetables— ' •' -
Asparagus, lb 6@12 Dried Okra, 1b....— #20
Artichokes, .35050 Onions, lb 4@ 5
Beets, doz ........12@15 Peppers, dried....
Beans white, lb.. 4@ 5 Do green, lb —id)—
Colored, lb 4® 5 Potatoes, lb 2@ 3
Lima, lb 6© *6 Parsnips, doz 15@20
Cabbage, each 6@lo Do Sweet — @ 3
Cauliflowers, each 5010 Rhubarb, lb 5& 6
Celery, bunch..... 's@— Radishes, dz bchs.lO@l2
Cress, doz bch5...20@25 Sags, lb :..25@35
Cucumbers, dzlOo@lso j String Beans, lb.. — @—
Green Peas, 1b.... 4@ 5 Thyme, lb 20@30
Lentils, lb 6@ 8 I Turnips, doz 15020
Lettuce, doz 13<g25 : Tomatoes, lb 12@15
Mushrooms, 1b.... — I ;
Fish, per pound-
Barracuda 12ig15 Shad 10<g> —
Carp ■ 5@ 8 Sea Bass — —
Codfish B@lo Smelts 15@—
Flounders 6@ 8 Soles B@lo
Herring 8010 Skates, each s@l»
Halibut ......12015 Sturgeon ...10r^l2
Kingflsh —©10 Tomcod 10@12
Mackerel — ®— Clams, ga1.........— ©50
Do Horse. @— Do hardshell, 100.50® —
Perch 10@12 Crabs, each 12@15
Pompano 1 50@— Do softshell, dz..2;>«~<«f>
Rockfish 12@15 ! Mussels, qt 10(5 12
Salmon, smoked. .2n@— Oysters. Cal, 100.. 40*6—
Salmon, fresh 12@15 Do Eastern. d0z..25@40
Shrimps B@lo .'.; : '
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were enlivened by a further
advance yesterday, especially on the afternoon
call, as will be seen by the list of sales. Sierra
Nevada led the advance, and sales in this stock
were free.
The feature on the Bond Exchange was the
decline In a number of favorite securities un
der large transactions. Oceanic Steamship de
clined to $56. Hawaiian Commercial to $25 and
Hutchinson Plantation to $41 62V4.
The regular quarterly dividend of 30c per
share by the Stockton Gas and Electric Com
pany will be paid on the Ist of April.
The Standard Con. mine dividend of $17,000
will be paid on the 28th. and the $6000 by the
Sacramento mine on the 31st.
The regular quarterly dividend of 60c per
share by the Market-street Company will be
paid on April 11.
The Geyser-Marion Mining Company of Utah
has declared a dividend of 2 cents per share,
amounting to $6000, payable April. 1. Since the
consolidation of the Geyser and Marion com
panies $72,000 has been paid In dividends by
the new concern.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, March 25—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 44 46
4s quar c0up.. 112 — Pae Gas Imp.. 86% 87%
4s quar reg..Ho — Pac LCo 52 54
4s quar new. .121% — S F G & E.. 88% 89
Miscellaneous — 3an Fr»n 3% 3%
Cal-st Cab 55.1i4%116 Stock Gas — 15
Cal El 6s 12t% — Insurance—
C C Wat 55... — 103 Firem's Gund. — 200
Dup-st ex c. — 98% Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65.. 128% — Anglo-Cal .... — 66
F & Ch Ry 6s. — 11R% Bank of Cal.. — 249
Geary-st R os. — 102 Cal 8D & T.. — 104
HC & S 5%.. 100 105 First Nat ....200 —
LAL Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A... 130 —
Do gntd 65.. 95 100 Mer Exchange — 15
Market-st 65.. 127 — Nev Nat 8...155 160
Do Ist M r.5.113%114 Savings Banks-
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 100 3er S & L..1625 1665
NCNg Ry 75. 102% — Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 65.. 11 l — Mutual Say. 35 40
NRy 65..1 Ci% — s F Say U.. 485 600
NPC R R 65. 104% — S& L 50.... — 100
NPC R R 55. 101 — Security S B 250 —
N Cal R 55.. — — Union T Co. looo —
Oak Gas G5.,.100 — Street Railroad-
Do 2d Is 55.. — 112 California ....107%109
Cm Ry 6s — 129% Geary 40 —
P& O 6s 110 — Market-st .... 52*6.63
P&Ch Ry 6s. — 112 Presidio 4% 10
Powell-st 6s ..117 120 I Powder-
Reno WL&L.-iOO — California ....120 150
Sac Elecßyss.lo4HlosT<, R Dynamite... 84 —
SF& N P n5.105%106% Giant Con Co. 41 42%
SPof Ar 65. .104*4 — Vigorit — 3%
S P Cal 6s — 113 Miscellaneous —
SPC Is eg 55.. — 99% Al I'ac Assn.. — 98%
p P Br 6s — 116% Ger Ld Wks..loo 150
S V Wat 65... — 117% Hana P C 0... — 20
S V Wat 4s-..102%103 HC & S Co.. 25 25%
Stock Gas «s.. — 103% Hutch S P Co. 41H 42
Water — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. 55 62% Nat Yin C 0... — 7%
Martn Co .... bO — Oceanic R Co. 55% 56%
Spring V 01.... 99%100% Pac A F L.. 1% —
Gas & Electric— Pac Bor C 0... 97% —
Cent Gaslight. 98% — Par Paint Co. 7 —
MEL Co — 13%
Morning Session.
50 Oakland Gas 45 00
SOO Hawaiian Com & Sugar, s 30 28 00
25 do do 28 25
175 do do 28 00
50 do do s 30 27 50
50 do do 27 50
113,000 Northern By or Col 6s Bon-la 102 78
50 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 W
$2iX>o S P Of A Bonds 104 50
25 Hutchinson S P Co 46 25
1051 O 5 do do 45 00
lfifl S P Gas & Electric Co S9 00
50 Giant Powder Con 42 25
60 Spring Valley Water 100 2o
Afternoon Session.
I $2000 Contra Costa : Water Bonds 102 50
10 Spring: Valley Water 100 00
50 Pacific Gas Imp "•• « 00
60 Market-street Railway o2 »0
60 Oceanic Steamship Co 56 »>
50 - do ■ do •••.. 56 XX
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 27 00
50 do do • - 2550
50 do do ...:....... 2? 00
225 do do •• 2.> 50
25 do do •• 25 25
sHutchlnson S P C 0...:..-....- 44 ™
125 do do :::::::::E:::E:::::fg*
25 do do. « 87^
150 do do *2 7ov
50 do do 4262tf
50 do do -V-JSS9
'50 do do '..' 42 «a
175 do do • 42 00
275 •do .do 41,0
100 do do . 416214
INVESTMENT BOARD. :
V.v* Morning: Session.
35 Market-street Ry Co 53 00
10 Spring Valley Water 10100
20 do do : 10057V4
Afternoon Session.
75 Central Light & Power 8 50
25 do do 8 37^
10 Market-street 52 50
50 Oceanic Steamship Co, 9 30 57 00
100 Hawaiian C & S Co, s 30 26 75
Street—
125 Oceanic Steamship Co.' 67 50
10 Spring Valley Water 100 75
40 do do 100 50
50 do do 100 37V*
100 Hutchinaon S P Co 45 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alpha 07 200 Standard I*s
300 Belcher .. 24 200 Union Con 42
100 Con Cal & Va.. 7S 100 Utah 13
100 Mexican 34 250 Yellow Jecket.. 29
200 Sierra Nevada.. 55 1
Afternoon Session.
50 Andes 12 COO Gould & Curry.. 21
300 Best & Belcher 35 100 Hale & Norcrs.l 33
400 37 TOO Justice 25
100 38 300 Mexican 4»
lOOChollar 52 1 $00 41
500 50 200 Occidental 2 7.1
100 51 600 Ophtr 49
Con Cal & Va.. 86 ?00 Potost 43
400 86 i ECO Savage 28
15 .* 82 1100 Sierra Nevada. 1 90 .
100 '. 84 1100 Union Con 43
100 Confidence ...... 70 300 Utah 13
100..... 72 600 13
400 Crown Point ... 25 400 Yellow Jacket.. 31
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 AHa 16 300 Overman 11
200 Belcher 23 400 Sierra Nevada.. 1 65
600 Best & Belcher 32 13001 300 1 62V4
400 Bullion 11200 160
400 Chollar 491200 170
SOOCon Cal & Va.. 80 700 175
150 78 300 17714
400 Gould & Curry.. 20 200 180
500 Justice 2S ; 200 Standard 175
200 27 *00 Union Con 43
INXj 261400 Utah 12
500. 25 200 Yellow Jacket.. 29
800 24 900 2t
500 Ophir 45 1
Afternoon Session.
500 Alta 16 1500 Kentuck OS
200 17 300 40
900 Andes 12 ! 300 Ophir 4S
300 Belcher 24 800 47
200 Best & Belcher 34 500 Overman 10
tOO 35 ■ 500 Potosi 41
300 381500 42
400..: 39 TOO 45
600 (.nollar 51 »00 Savage 28
1300 : 6! 800 29
200 Con Cal & Va.. 82 900 Sierra Nev....l 87*4
300 ....83 200 190
SOO 84 300 195
200 Confidence 72 1 SOO Union Con 47
600 Crown Point ... 25 ' 900 49
500 Gould & Curry.. 24 700: 4S
T00..., 23 500 Utah 13
500 Justice 25 ! 200 Yellow Jacket.. 31
800 Mexican ........ 3S 100 30
»00 41 i -;..•,,
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, March 25—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. • Bid. Ask.
Alpha 06 09 Justice 24 26
Alta 17 IS Kentuck 02 04
Andes 12 13 Lady Wash ... — 03
Belcher 24 25 Mexican 40 41
Benton — 25 Occidental 275 —
Best & Belcher 37 39 Ophir 4S 50
Bullion 10 12 Overman 09 10
Chollar 50 51 Potost 45 46
Con Cal & Va. 86 87 Savage 2"( 29
Challenge Con. 30 31 Seg Belcher .. 03 04
Confidence 70 — Scorpion 06 —
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. l 80 190
Crown Point .. 25 26 Silver Hill .... 02 03
Con New York. 02 — Syndicate — 04
Eureka :.. ' — 2'> Standard 165 —
Exchequer 04 06 Union Con .... 46 48
Gould & Curry. 22 23 Utah :... 12 13
Hale & Norcrs.l 30 1 3T. Yellow Jacket. 29 30
Julia 01 02
THE CALL C:
March. 189 S.
Mo
1
Pr.
i
11
5
Moon's Phased
©Pull Moon,
Vp Mar 8.
3
10
6
13
2U
14
21
28
16 j
a I
17
21
M
Quarter
VSi. Mar. 11.
I jfi. New Moon,
j W Mar. 22.
23
«
SO
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
aieneia
omona.
amoa ... •
r.ishtenaw...
rcata
mplre ......
rosrrPßO
ralla Waila....
oiutnoia
orth Foris. —
Alaska
San lhe«ro - -
Humboldt
Tacoma. ...
Coos Bay -
Coos Bay
Seattle
Victoria and Pugret Sna. . .
Portland ......
Hum do id
Humboldt
Panama
China and Japan
Nanalmo
Alaska :
San Diezo
Humbodlt ~.
feeott
an Bias
eru
Itnnia
[umboMt.
anta Rosa
[omer
[acklnaw
Tacoma
Honolulu
ealandla
ooa Bay
Newport
Portland ...
tate or Cai.. ..
I Victoria * Pueet Sna —
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destixatiox!
Sails.
ooa Bar.,
fate of Cal
aloncia. ..
lty Puebla
lotner
omona
olon
.rcata
i newport
I Portland
! Aiaska
' Vie A Put Sna
Humbolat
San DiejfO
Panama
Coos Hay
Humboldt ....
Portland
[Humtioidt
jHiunbldt Bay.
San Dievo
i Alaska
i Vie & P Sound
IChlna&Jupan
Mar 26. 9 am
Mar 'J'i. 10 am
Mar 27, 4pm
jMar 27. 10 am
S Mar 27. 10 am
I Mar 28. 11 a*
Mar 23. M m
Mar 29. 10 am
Mar 29. 9 am
Mar 30. 10 asi
Mar 31. 9am
Mar ;>l. 9 All
Apr 1. 11 am
Apr 1,
Apr 1. 10 am
Apr 2. 1 PM
Pier 7
Pier 9
Pier 9
Pier 11
;pm S3
Pier 13
Pier 'it
I Pier 3
Pier 13
Pier 11 f^-
Pier""9
PM S3
urnoa
olumbia..
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the Bame at both places.
MABCH-1393.
Saturday. March 20. ;
Snn rises..... : .-....- 6 03
Sun 5et5......... ■••• 6:3 '
Moon seta 11:10 p.m.
SlTlme Feet Tlm e | Feet Time Feet Tlmei ree .
gitTwi llv 'h w; l w
20 . l:la 6.U1 s:ll| M 3715 3.»' 7:54 31}
21 1:48 ■ 4V 9:115 U.« -I s< 3.8 8:10 3.J
28 2:22 4.7 10:01 0.7 0:10 3.7 »:U 3.6
2« 3:06 4.4 11:02 OS 7:35 3.!. 10:."4 3.7
30 4:(l» 4.2 12: tO IV 8:lf. 4.1 ... ..
L W H W L W II XV
31 0:14 8.6 5:39 4.1 12:51 0.9 8:42 4.8
. 1 1:20 3.2 6:st> 4.1 1:38 09 Ban. 4.8
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtractive from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of th^ lower low waters.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is ~%
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cor Hally Invited to visit tha
Office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
or Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian.
tar teltffr&Dhic signal received each day fromthe Tnite<i States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
cropped on time cr giving the error, , If any. la
published the same ilp.v by the afternoon
papers, and by the mornlnc papers the foliow
ing day. V.'. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. V. S. V., in charge.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographies Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Kxchange, San Francisco, March
The time ball on Telegraph Hill -was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the
I<.<Hh meridian or exactly 8 p. m.. Green
wich time. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
SHIITING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, March 25.
" e tmr Homer. Jessen, 23 hours from Eureka.
. »chr Maxim. Olsen, 30 hours from* Caspar. ■
CLEARED.
Friday, March 25.
t> , mr Coos Bay Hall, San Pedro; GoodaJl,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr State of California, Green, Astoria;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Ship Centennial. Pederson. Cooks Inlet;
Alaska Packers' Assn.
SAILED.
: r .. Friday. March 25.
Stmr Aleut, Morley, Labasha Bay
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridcett, Ventura
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Cruz *
Tug Col i is. Dornfeld. Port Los Angeles.
Ship Susquehanna. Sewall. New York.
Bark J D Peters. Townsend. Cooks Inlet.
Bktn \% H Dimond, Nilson, Honolulu
Brig Tanner. Kolb. Tacoma.
Schr Volante, Schroeder, Ur.alaska.
Schr \ega. Rasmussen. Port Blakeley.
Bark Oregon. Parker. Port Tawns*nd.
Schr Nettie Sundborg, Johnson, Mendocino.
"LEGRAPHIC.
point LOBOS March 25. 10 P . m. -Weather,
cloudy; wind, NW; velocity, 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
T £ e , sch 7 Pros P sr loads lumber at Port
Blake. for Haiphong. 655; schr Reporter,
lumber at Grays Harbor for Guaymas.
SPOKEN.
March 7— Lat 26 N. long 20 W, Br ship
Crown of Denmark, from Cardiff, for Santa
Rosalia.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
* TILLAMOOK — Sailed March 22— Schr Gem.
for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed March 25— Schr Sparrow,
for Eureka.
ASTORIA— Arrived March 25— Stmr City of
Topeka. from Dyea.
Sailed March 25— Stmr Oregon, for Dyea; stm
Pasadena, for Dyea. -■•
NEWPORT— Arrived March 25— Schr En
deavor, from Seattle.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed March Schr
Roy Somers, for San Francisco.
EUREKA — Sailed March 25— Schrs Eclipse
and Charles E Falk. for San Pedro; stmr
Samoa, for San Francisco.
Arrived March 25— Schr Fortuna, hence March
16.
COOS BAY— Palled March 25— 3tmr Arcata.
tor San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived March 25— Stmr South
Coast, from Wrangle.
HfEXEME — Sailed March 25— Stmr La
guna, for ■ ; sehr Esther Buhne, for Eureka. !
SEATTLE — Arrived Ma-rch 25— Stmr Signal, I
from Dyea.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen. Fort BraßK.
PORT LOS ANOFLES— Arrived March :X—
Haw stmr San Mat«o, from Comot.
Sailed March 25— Stmr ftr.>">!iwoo-l.
SEATTLE— SaiIed March 25— Stmr Alliance,
for Copper River; stmr Huen-^me. for Dyea.
MENDOCINO— Arrived March 25— Stmr CH
one. hence March 24.
FORT ROSS— Arrived March 25— Scnr La
Chilena. hence March 24.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 24— Shi Lu:ile. fm
Dyea.
EI'REK A— Sailed March 25— Stmr Samoa, for
San Francisco.
PORT SAHBJL.E — Arrived March 25— Stmr i
Pulti :i. hence March 16.
oI.YMPIA — Arrived March 25— Bark North
west, from Port Los Angeles.
POINT LOBOS — Passed March 25— Nor stmr
Peter Jebsen. from San Diego, for Nanaimo.
PORT ANGELES— In bay March 25— Bktn
.T M C.rifflth, from New TVhatcora, for San
Fr.->nHsoo.
RKDONDO— Arrived March 25— Schr La Gi- ,
ronde, from Grays Harbor.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NANAIMO— SaiIed March 25— Haw ship Fort
Oorge. for San Francisco.
MAZATI.AN -Sailed March 23— Stmr San
Bins, for San Francisco.
FALMOI'TH — Sailed March 24— Br bark
Inveresk, for Antwerp; Br ship Olivebank, for
Hull.
PANAMA— SaiIed March 9— Stmr San Bias,
for San Francisco. March 11— Stmr Costa Rica
for Champerico; stmr San Jose, for Champer
lco.
THE AUDITOR
IS SUSTAINED
Dalton's Assessment of the
Adams Property Is
Valid.
The City Board of Equalization Has
Their Riyht of Review-
Upheld.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 23.
The suit of Edson F. Adams ro recover
taxes paid the City of Oak'.anl under
protest on the Adams estate property
north of the lake, was decided in favor
of the city this morning by Judge Hall.
The plaintiff was represented by Harvey
S. Brown, while City Attorney W. A.
Dow and Assistant S. W. Condon repre
sented the. city's interests.
The property was assessed for $456,200
In 1896. The Board of Equalization re
duced this to $289,000. City Assessor R.
W. Snow accepted Mr. Dalton's figures
and made his returns for that much.
The representatives of the estate ap
peared before the City Board of Equal
izers and sought to have the same reduc
tion as made by the county board, but
this was refused. The tax under the city
assessment amounted to $4051 42, while the
county assessment would only nave made
It $2'J27 90. Mr. Adams paid the whole
amount under protest, and sued to re
cover the $1521 52.
The contention made was that the
City Assessor must accept the figures
fixed by the County Board of Equalizers,
being without power to fix a valuation
himself. Mr. Black also attacked Judge
Grtene's decision made last week, in
which he held that tax money paid could
not be recovered. He held that it was
a technical point which was not in ac
cord with the intent of the law.
Attorney Dow responded by presenting
the city charter, in which there is no
reference to the County Board of Equali
zation. It provided for the fixing of the
city assessment by the County
Assessor's figures. and he did not
believe that it contemplated the equal
izers in any way. As the rolls were turned
over to the Auditor on the first Monday in
August it was an impossibility to accept
the revised rolls as a basis of taxation.
Goodall-Comstock Nuptials.
OAKLAND, March 23.— Captain Charles
Minor Goodall and Mrs. Marion Cullen
Comstock will be married to-morrow at !
the home of the bride's parents in East |
Oakland. It will ho a very quiet wedding '
with only the immediate family in at- ,
tendance. The ceremony will be per
formed by the Rev. Dr. Breck, a cousin ;
of the bride. After the ceremony, bride
and groom will leave on a short honey
moon trip. Mrs. Comstock is a widow
with one child, and is one of the most
charming women in Oakland. Prior to
her first marriage she was a Miss Cullen
of East Oakland and a social belle. Re- j
cently she has resided with Mrs. H. R. i
Hunt at Glen Echo.
Annexation Suit Decision.
OAKLAND. March 25.— Judge Hau has i
lnumated that he will render a decision !
on Monday on t..0 annexation test case. |
It is entitled. "The Suit of the People, on !
the Relation of. Thomas Cuff, against the i
<.ity of Oakland," and attacks the valid- i
Jty'of the entire portion of territory an
m'xefl last fa • 'me decision will be a
short oral one in favor of the city, If the
Intimations thus far made go for aught,
iviuch interest is being manifested in me
outcome of this suit, and if favorable to
the city it means much for that portion, as
well fl " s in politics. It is not likely that
the • ase will be a pealed, unless the deci
sion is against the city.
Miss Meads' Death.
OAKLAND. March 25.— Miss Eloa E. !
Meads, the U-year-old daughter of Pro- i
NT.Mris, of the high school, died this ;
afternoon of inflammation of the base of
the" l.raln. She has been studying hard
in school, and in the preparation for the |
anniversary of Washington's birthday she
overdid herself. After the exercises she
returned home greatly exhausted and
nervously excited. She went to bed and
never rallied thereafter.
Death of Mis. Kate Shepherd.
OAKLAND. March 2:..-Mrs. Kate Shep- ,
herd ol U23 Perolta Btreet was buried this '
afternoon death having been caused by
apoplexy last -Wednesday, She had been !
ill for some time, and a short time ago |
her di\orcod husband attempted to secure
hor commitment to an Insane aaylum. She
has two daughters, who survive her
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
THE PROPOSED
SCHOOL DEAL
Monster Protest to Be
Presented to the
Council.
Sanitary Condition Claimed
to Be Better* Than
Others.
Half the Money Put in Improving the
Surroundings Would Be of
More Value.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, March 25.
The attempt to move the Tompkins
School from its present location on Fifth
street, between Linden and Chestnut, to
Castro street, between Eighth and Ninth,
is not to be accomplished without opposi
tion. The residents for whom the school
was built and whose children are to be
affected are largely opposed to the move
ment. They declare that on the state
ment of Superintendent McClymonds be
fore the City Council Monday evening, if
for none other, the removal of the school
should not be allowed.
When the resolution was introduced Mr.
McClymonds was asked if the pupils from
north of Seventh street were as numerous
as those from the south side. He an
swered in the negative, but claimed that
it was an additional six biocKs for part
of them to walk. He said the scnool
lacked 200 of being full. Now the parents
claimed that all but a few of the lowest
grades are full and point with the linger
of scorn to the Cole School, as far as
health is concerned. There has never
been an epidemic in the Tompkins School,
while the Cole was closed owing to diph
theria. , . . .
William D. Macdonald, who is in busi
ness directly across the street from the
school, and lives there, prepared a peti
tion yesterday protesting a-gainst the re
moval of the school, and last evening
spent an hour carrying.it from house to
house for signatures. It was signed near
ly one hundred tintes, and to-night he
was at work again. He believes that he
can present a protest that will bear some
weight, either with the Board of Edu
cation or the City Council. The protest is
as follows:
OAKLAND. March 24. IR9B.
j To the Honorable the Council of the City of
Oakland— Gentlemen: The undersigned resi
dents and tax-payers in the vicinity of Tomp
klns School beg leave to protest against the
removal of the school from its present loca
tion to the block on Castro street, between
Eighth and Ninth. By removing the school
you will leave a large district unprovided with
school facilities. The locality is thickly set
tied, and a large number of children in that
portion of the city bounded from Kirkham to
Market street attend there. If they are caused
to attend the school on Castro'street, they will
be obliged to cross the steam railroad track
and street railroad track, thereby creating
wi.rriment to the parents.
There can be no reasons for the removal
from the present site, as it Is now in sanitary
condition: all the children are healthy, and the '
class rooms are filled with pupils.
Another reason we desire to call your atten- ;
tlon to, is that quite a number of poor people ;
have bought their little homes near the school
in order that their children could have the
benefit of education: another, that no excuse
can be offered on grounds of removal for sani
tary reasons, a« our children are healthier,
and more of them to the lot than any part of
Oakland. If the Brard of Education desires to
remove the building for 6altary purposes,
why it Is absurd, as the Cole School pupils
were in danger of epidemic from diphtheria, and
no mention was made to remove the building.
We beseech your honorable body to .indefi
nitely postpone the ordinance, and not to de
prive our children of education. Respectfully
submitted.
"If the city -wants to help that dis
trict." said Mr. Macdonald to-night, "why
not improve the surrounding: property by
making a park there? Half the money
spent for removing the school put into
improvements around tne school would
raise the pric<* of property and nelp the
city's welfare."
GRAND JURORS' ACTION.
Judge Ellsworth Refuses to Allow
Them to Be Questioned
in Court.
OAKLAND, March 25.— Attorney Moore
attacked the validity of the accusation
under which Supervisor Charles Roeth is
being tried before Judge Ellsworth. This
move was made this afternoon when the
defense called R. D. Hunter, a member
of the Grand Jury which indicted Mr.
Roeth, and asked him 1/ lie had voted for
the Indictment.
District Attorney Snook objected on the
ground that the question was incompe
tent, irrelevant and immaterial and not
touching an issue in the case. He further
declared that it was a contempt of court
In asking such a question as it tended to
disturb the privacy of the Grand Jury,
which the law forbids. If such a question
were permitted, he declared, the Grand
Jury's actions would be public affairs and
every man's vote used against him after
ward.
Mr. Moore asked if he could be allowed
to prove that the accusation was returned
by a part of the jury or all of them, as it
was only signed by the foreman and sec-
retary.
"I don't believe it a matter to be raised
here, and I don't know that it can be
raised anywhere else," answered the
Court.
Henry Beamer. another member of the
jury, was called and asked the same ques
tion., but did not answer on the objection
of District Attorney Snook.
"Were all of the members of the Grand
Jury present the day the accusation was
voed upon?" was the next question shut
off by an objection.
"We desire to show." said Mr. Moore,
"that the accusation was not the work of
the Grand Jury, but of certain members
of that body."
TIRED OF SUFFERING.
Mrs. J. Armstrong Uses a Revol
ver but Does Very Little
Harm.
OAKLAND, March 25.— Mrs. J. Arm
strong, wife of an engineer of the San
Francisco and San Joaquln Valley Rail
road Company, made a desperate attempt
to end her sufferings at t».e family resi
dence, 556 Forty-seventh street, just be
fore noon to-day by shooting herself with
a revolver. She fired three shots, none of
which is necessarily fatal.
Mrs. Armstrong has been a sufferer
from neuralgic pains during a recent ill
ness, and it is supposed she sought relief
in this manner.
One bullet was aimed for her heart, but
went wide of its mark and slipped along
a rib, lodging near the back, in the fleshy
part of her body. Another shot, aimed at
the temple, made only a flesh wound, and
the third shot just grazed the skin, being
also started for the temple.
Dr. B. T. Mouser, the family physician,
pronounced the wounds as not dangerous,
and did not remove the bullet from her
back until to-night. Mr. Armstrong was
telegraphed for at Stockton, and Is ex
pected in the morning, as he was out on
his run at the time.
Did Albert Church Consent?
OAKLAND. March 25.— The suit of Mrs.
Sarah Church to have the marriage of
her son, Albert T. Church, with Miss
Angle rotter annulled is not believed to
have the sanction of the youthful hus
band. He Is in school in the East, and
no word has been received from him, but
it is known that he is well p.eased with
his selection, ana without his consent the
action cannot secure a standing in court.
Neither the bride nor her mother will
make a statement regarding the affair.
Bond Election in Berkeley.
BERKELEY. March 25— A special elec
tion on the question of bonding the town
of Berkeley for $60,000. with which to build
a new high school building on the pres
ent site of the Kellogg School, will be
held to-morrow. The polls will be open
from 8 a. m. till sunset in the Kellogg
School. It Is estimated that about 1000
votes will be cast. A spirited campaign
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 2G, 1898.
has been waged over the question of is
suing the bonds, and the outcome of the
vote is a matter of speculation. Consider
able of the opposition manifested is di
rected at the manner of raising the money
— i. c., by bonds rather than by a dlr'ect
tax.
PERRINE'S COMET APPROACHES.
Traveling Toward the Earth at the
Bate of About a Million Miles
a Day.
BERKELEY March 25.— According to
computations just completed by the de
partment of astronomy at Berkeley the
comet discovered by Astronomer Perrlne
at Mount Hamilton last Sunday morning
has been approaching the earth ajid sun
at the rate of a million miles a day. The
computations were based upon two ob
servations at Mount Hamilton and one
observation at Berkeley by Professor
Leuschner, and were made by Tracy R.
Crawford, on assistant, and H. K.
Palmer, a senior student at Berkeley.
"According to our calculations." said
Professor Leuschner, "the comet ap
proached the earth at the rate of a mil
lion miles a day for several days after its
discovery. The rate of approach, how
ever, is diminishing. On April 6 its dis
tance from the earth will be about 141,
000,000 miles. Shortly after that it will
begin to recede, anu will then pass off
Into space. The comet will be nearest
to the sun on April 8. when it will be
about 99,000,000 mi.es away. About April
it will be at least 20 per cent brighter than
when it was first observed.
"The comet's plane of motion is inclined
to the plane of the earth's motion at an
angle of about 79 degrees, and intersects
it in longitude 271 degrees. The axis of
its motion points about 73 degrees east of
the intersection of the plane of its mo
tion and that of the earth."
A Noted Visitor.
BERKELEY, March 25. — Professor
Hans Wolisch, a noted German scientist
and professor of botany at the University
of Prague, Bohemia, was a visitor at the
university to-day. Professor Wolisch Is
on his return from a trip around the
world, having just come from the great
botanical gardens of Buknzorg. Java. He
left Berkeley this evening for the East
and home.
HER EASTER HAT.
How My Lady of San Francisco Will Eclipse Her
Sisters of Less Fortunate Cities.
"Tlhe Shepherdess" and Other Charm ing Creations
Which Will Captivate the World of Esthetic
Spring Worshipers.
Never before have the artists of Paris— the conceded birthplace of all that Is dainty in millinery— shown more ex
quisite taste in designing or greater skill in executing than in this season, year of our Lord, 1898.
The prime characteristic of this season's Easter bonnet is softness and flexibility, the whole air being decidedly
ethereal.
To produce this effect straws are used, the favorite being Mazzuolo and a large variety of chiffons, dotted nets and
mousscline francaise.
Black and white are used on some very stylish hats, but the favorite colors are turquoise blue and the yellows,
shading from pallle to the deep cogue de roche.
Tips and ostrich plumes are seen in some exquisite shadings and give promise of being used more as the season ad
vances, but at present flowers reign supreme, all others giving place to their regal queen, the rose. And they are all
there, the modest little tea, the half-opened Jaqueminot, the stately American Beauty, the old-fashioned June, disclosing
its yellow heart, and even the rose mourante, or dying rose, with its faded petals just ready to drop. The artists, not
being content with the most perfect simulation, have used the real rose stems with their very real thorns to uphold the
beautiful blossoms.
Hats are large, decidedly large, and the favorite shape is La Bergere, the shepherdess, worn by the Empress Jose
phine a century ago, in fact many of the styles are revivals of the eighteenth century, but plaques and toques
have not entirely surrendered the field. One chic little plaque was of fancy braid shading from corail to deep pourpre.
caught up high in the back and worn to dip well over the eyes. It was trimmed with two- Immense shirred rosettes, red
poppy buds and oats on the left side and in the back.
The "'Shepherdess" is a low-crowned, broad-brimmed hat, in chip or leghorn, drooping low In the front and back
with a high upward roll of the brim on either side.
A dashing one. if such a term can be applied to any thing so modost as a shepherdess, is of white leghorn,
covered with white net dotted with black. The net is drawn very full over both upper and under side of the brim,
and also covers the crown. Enormous bows of straw color and cogue de roche ribbon are set An the left front, the loops
standing over the brim to the edge. Two black ostrich plumes are fastened at the left, drooping down and back. Bunches
of black violets fasten long ties of the net that are to be carried loosely under the chin and caught at the left side with
crushed pink roses. The flat effect of this hat reminds one of the demure maids whose faces are seen in old-time minia
tures.
This "dream of a hat" Is almost overshadowed by a "midnight dream," one wholly of black. It is made of craq^jle
tulle, shirred full over a narrow rim slightly upturned from the face. The crown is large and bouffant, the sole trim
ming a bunch of black ostrich feathers caught at the left by a large rhine stone buckle. One plume droops across the
front and off at the right side, being followed the entire length of the stem by a fancy aria in rhine stones.
A "midsummer night's dream" is in direct antithesis, being of white crepe, large and flaring with long plumes of
white ostrich, bows of wide crepe ribbon and ties of the same. Ornaments of pearl are used, and the fair maiden
who looks out from under that creation may possess her soul in peace, confident that a dearer "love of a bonnet"
cannot be met with. ,
The hat to be worn by Miss Cluff on Easter morning is a veritable flower hat. It is a creamy white leghorn, the
wide capeline brim half faced with emerald-green velvet, the high crown draped with taffeta ribbon shading from
nymph-rose pink to vert green. It is caught high on the left side and massed with silk American Beauty roses, with
La France roses next the hair. Rhine stone ornaments hold the ribbon and sprays in place.
Miss Corlnne Josephi's carriage hat is of Imported Tuscany braid, violet and white, the brim faced with shirred
white chiffon. It also is caught up at the left side back, a bow of turquoise silk ribbon nestling against the white chif
fon. The brim Is completely hidden by violets, white and purple, which peep coquettlshly through the meshes of a
black Chantllly scarf carried around the crown in a festoon which is caught at the back by a handsome turquoise
buckle and then allowed to fall gracefully in long ends. Black and white nodding plumes give the high effect so much
sought.
Miss Patton's walking hat is a deft modification of "the shepherdess" in fine black chip. Blue corn flowers He
closely together over a roll of green velvet around the entire rim. giving the combination of blue and green so slow to
be relinquished by the aesthetic. Long black feti quills, fastened with cut steel ornaments, stand at right angles from
the front. Plaited black chiffon is fulled around the edge of the crown and made In soft rosettes on each side of the
back under the brim. Rhine stone ornaments are used galore and come ir, many pretty fancies. Buckles, arias, violins,
harps, appear often In combinations of pearl. So generous have been our Paris designers that a lady, be she blonde or
brunette, dignified or coquettish, has but to contemplate the numerous styles and shades, exercise her good taste and
make her selection, happy with the consciousness that Bhe Is well "bonneted."
WILL HONOR
MRS. HEARST
Ebell Club Reception This
Afternoon in Oak
land.
Classic Hall Is Handsomely
Decorated for the
Occasion.
Society Women to Receive Her With
a Large Number of Young
Ladies.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, ]
108 Broadway, March 25.
The classic Ebell Club rooms will pre- |
sent a beautiful appearance to-morrow I
afternoon during the reception of Mrs. !
Phoebe Hearst. No finer interior can be
found In the State than the Ebell rooms,
but to them will be added a beautiful
supply of the choicest flowers of the sea- |
son. Poppies will abound, and hidden i
behind a tropical bower will be seated |
the Leona String Band, to supply music ;
for the occasion.
One element of the affair Is the oppor
tunity to meet one of the most popular
and best known women of the State. The
reception is from 3 to 5 o'clock, and it is !
confidently expected that fully 500 '•
ladies will be present during those hours.
Some of the most prominent ladies of the
club have the affair in charge, and every I
effort is being made to make !t a success
in every respect.
Mrs. Hearst will be met at the narrow
gauge train by a committee of ladies In
charge of Mrs. John C. Hays Jr., and
taken in a carriage to the Ebell Club
house, on Thirteenth and Harrison
streets.
The ladles who comprise the reception
committee are Mrs. George Bunnell. Mrs.
Paul Lohse. Mrs. John C. Hays Jr.. Mrs.
Prentiss Selby. Mrs. Murrey L. Johnson,
Mrs. E. W. Owen. Mrs. Jennie Huff, Mrs.
Charles T. Rodolph, Mrs. Fleissner Lewis,
Mrs. E. R. Bill, Mrs. Mac Mauvais, Mrs.
J. R. Scupham, Mrs. E. H. Benjamin, !
Miss M. E. Varney. Mrs. E. W. Gelwicks, >
Miss Mabel Gray. Mrs. Wallace Everson, j
Mrs. L. S. Burchard. Mrs. E. C. Yon !
Helms. Mrs. W. A. Jacobs, Mrs. Lloyd
Baldwin. Mrs. H. P. Van Kirk, Mrs.
George H. Perry, Mrs. Otto Blankart,
Miss M. R. Babson. Mrs. W. H. Friend,
Mrs. Franklin Bangs.
The ladies have chosen the following
bright young ladies to assist them:
Misses Etta Everson, Adele Hyde, Irene
Rutherford, Charlotte Collins, Gertrude
Campbell, Grace Burrell, Laura and Mona
Crelin, Augusta Evans. Elizabeth Gray,
Mamie Huff. Eleanor Machin, Elizabeth
Meehan, Grace Musser, Mabel Gage,
Georgie and Lillian Strong, Blix Smith,
Emma Swain, Florence Theller, Jennie
Stone, Bertha Shatter. Janet Watt, Maud
Pope, Charlotte Playter.
Of the decoration committee. Mrs. Er
nest J. Cotton is chairman, and her as
sistants are Mrs. Charles D. Pierce, Mrs.
L. F. Cockroft. Mrs. E. A. Kluegel, Mrs.
C. E. Cotton, Mrs. E. M. Walsh. Mrs. J.
Walter Scott, Mrs. Z. T. Gilpin. Miss Au
gusta Evans, Miss Grace Hooper.
Sharwood Leaves Berkeley.
BERKELEY. March 25.— Instructor W.
J. Sharwood of the chemistry department
of the university has resigned his instruc
torship to accept the pdsition of superin
tendent of a large cyanide mining plant
near Butte. Mont. Mr. Sharwood has
been connected with the university for
four years, and is a specialist in the sub
ject of cyanide processes. He is a gradu
ate of the Royal School of Mines, London.
Instructor W. v. Blasdale will probably
take charge of his classes for the remain
der of the term.
Lived in Oakland.
OAKLAND, March 25.— 5. J. Hlldebrand.
•who died in San Francisco to-day was a
resident of this city. * He had a home at
the northwest corner of Thirty-eighth and
Grove streets, where his wife and son re
side. Mrs. Hildebrand is an active worker
in charitable lines.
.•Auction Salce
I*" ' ■ '. '■ ■ ■' -■-:?■■•-:-'■''■' -.■■'«■. :—IH: — 1H; — :: — _ — !__: . ~ — : —^— — — '— ..■
IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE.
Hardware merchants and dealers In cutlery
and paints, please take notice that on Marcn
29. at 11 a. m., on the premises, 1011 Broadway,
Oakland. I will sell at public auction -he en-
tire stock of hardware, cutlery, paint and fix-
tures. This stock is new and well selected.
M.. Caihmore is going to the Klondike imme-
diately. Stock will be sold as a whole without
reserve or limit, sale positive.
M GERMAN. Auctioneer.
PATOSKEY IS
IN BIG LUCK
The New York Wreck
Is Likely to Prove a
Bonanza.
Driven Up the Beach, Where
the Work of Salving
Is Easy.
Th» Operator Thinks He Sees Not
Less Than Twenty Thousand
In Sight.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
S)S Broadway. March 25.
J. Pantoskey, tfie local junk dealer, who \
bought the cargo of the big ship New ,
York as she lay wrecked at Halfmoon
Bay, came to Oakland to-day and is in a >
highly elated frame of mind. He sees his :
way nearly clear to realize a large for- ;
tune out of his investment.
The sum paid was $6800, and it is not |
impossible that three times this figure
and even more may be netted. The cargo \
was invoiced for $135,000 and is one of the ;
most valuable of general China ship
ments.
"The ship is now securely jammed in
about twelve feet of sand," said Pan
toekey to-day, "and there is no fear of j
her shifting. The way the swell strikes j
her helps her further up the beach and
at low water now you can walk to within
seventy-tive feet of the vessel.
"The storm that wrecked the Almy
does not seem to have done much, if any,
damage to the New York, which cvi- j
dently is a good stanch hull. The cargo
is not yet damaged to any great extent,
except in certain parts of the vessel, and
there are tiers and tiers of valuable ma
terial as good as new. We are working
away as fast as possible and I dv not
think the weather will interfere much I
with our plans.
"If everything goes along nicely, with
no serious interruptions it ought not to
be difficult to get $20,000 out of the wreck,
but of course the expenses of salvage are j
great."
Pantoskey's last big venture was the
purchase some years ago of the con- i
demned Government drydock at Mare Isl
and. He brought the mammoth affair to \
Oakland, broke it up and out of the tons j
of massive chains and numerous pon
toons he made a small fortune.
CERTAIN TO INTERVENE.
Professor Bacon Says the United '
States Will Put an End to Cu
ban Horrors.
BERKELhi, March 25.— Prof. Thomas !
R. Bacon lectured Thursday afternoon |
at the university on •"Liberty and Au- !
thonlty." In the course of his address j
he touched upon the attitude of the j
United States toward Cuba. He declared j
It to be certain that ie is the deliberate \
American Judgment that the United i
States should and will intervene in Cuba !
to put an end to the terrible condition of j
things at present existing in the island.
Professor Bacon spoke in part as fol- j
lows:
"As a rule the action of government is
professedly confined to seeking the good j
of its own subjects; sometimes, espe- |
cially under popular governments, it !
breaks through these limits, and is moved
by considerations of justice and mercy j
toward those who are outside its own j
borders. If the United States shall inter
vene in Cuba (which we trust God will ;
forbid) It will be because we cannot |
stand by and see another three hundred I
thousand helpless persons go down to the j
grave by the hard and doleful way of j
starvation, as three hundred thousand
have already gone, while we have it in
our power to save them. Every consid
eration which justified the French and
English fleets in blowing out of the water
the Turkish and Egyptian fleets in 1527
would justify our armed intervention in
the affairs of Spain and Cuba. The judg- ]
ment of enlightened man approves of the
battle of Navarino, and regards it as one
of the most splendid events in human
history. The judgment of enlightened
man would ultimately come to regard in
the same way the intervention of the
United States in Cuba provided they
show that their action has no other mo
tive than disinterested humamtv
The last few days have brought us to
a very grave crisis. The people of the
United States have shown through all the j
period of the Cuban rebellion a self-pos- ;
session with which the world has not
hitherto credited any democracy The
terrible evil of war has been justly ap
preciated and weighed. No touch of •'jin-
Koism" has stained the anxious calm with
which we have watched the course of ;
events. But these days have made cer- ,
tain that the administration and Con
gress thoroughly represent the deliberate
judgment of the people, that the awful
condition of things upon our own bor- .
ders beside which the much-talked-ot !
Armenian massacres are as v mere '
trifle must be put an end to and that we
must' do it. I think it now certain that
W6 are going to do it, 'peaceably Jt we
C»n, forcibly if we must. 1
Will Give a "Library Reception."
BERKELEY. March 25.— Librarian Jo- |
seph C. Rowell proposes henceforth to j
make a -library reception" a regular part
of the annual commencement week ■
events. On Wednesday evening, May 11. I
he will entertain the members of this
year's graduating class in the university j
library. Besides making the reception i
the occasion of a social reunion, he will i
show the graduates the many valuable
and rare collections of books, pictures j
and manuscripts, which the stuaents |
rarely have occasion to see during their i
four years of undergraduate study.
■ * ■
Youngberg-Lunt Nuptials.
ALAMEDA. March 25.— One of the most
prominent society events of the season
was the wedding on Thursday in this city
of Frederick C. Youngberg and Miss ■
Susie Olita Lunt. daughter of Mr. and |
Mrs. O. A. Lunt of 2101 Central avenue. |
The house was appropriately decorated
for the occasion. The ushers were Wil
liam Elliott ami Fred Teller of San Fran
cisco. The ribbon bearers were Chester ;
Youngberg and Rena Scott. The maid ;
of honor was Miss Emma Schotield. The
bridesmaids were Miss Grace Welsh of
Stockton and Miss Panzy Kelly of this
city and the best man .was Charlie
Youngberg, brother of the groom. Rev.
Dr. Dodson performed the ceremony. ;
After the rites a reception was held
which was attended by several hundred
people The*young couple have gone to
Southern California for their wedding
trip and will reside on their return at
Grand street and Enclnal avenue.
Trinity's New Bector.
At the mass meeting for men only at
the Young Men's Christian Association
Auditorium. Mason and Ellis streets, to
morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock, the Rev.
Henry E. Cooke. D. D., new rector of
Trinity Episcopal Church, this city, will
he the speaker; his subject will be "Im
providence." This i.s the fourth lecture
in a special course for men only. , Good
music; solo by Mrs. Gallahorn. Seats
free. Young men in general are cordially
invited to attend.
Hunting for His Child.
John F. Smith of Valley Springs. Cala
veras County, has applied to the Society
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE!
SURREYS, BUGGIES, WA6JNS, CARTS,
HARNESS, ETC.,
At our salesrooms. 222 MISSION STREET.
THIS DAT.
SATURDAY. March 26, at 11 a- m.
We are instructed by the manufacturer* u>
sell the ent.re consignments, consisting of 1«>
Buggies, Carriages, Spring Wagons. Laris.
Harness, etc. Two carloads just rece! V;°-
These vehicles are of the best workmanship,
latrst styles, nicely painted and trimmed ana
the choicest stock that has been offered k
auction in this city. , 
Be sure to attend, for It will be a day OS
great bargains.
Sale positive. No reserve or limit.
ALLISON, NEFF & CO.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children
for help to find his little daughter, who
is 4 years old. According to the story
told to Secretary Parnell. Mrs. Smith took
the child and came to this city last
Christmas to spend the holidays, isot
hearing anything from her for a rnontli
Smith followed and has since been hunt
ing for the missing ones. A few day 3
agr> he met his wife on the street and
asked her to go home with him. This
she refused to do, the woman declining
to give him any information as to where
the child was. Smith fears that the lit
tle one is not properly surrounded, and
he wants the officers to help him find
her.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON. March 25.— The Boston Commercial
Bulletin will say to-morrow of the wool
market:
The past week has been the dullest on record
In eighteen months, Western consignors, not
ably of territory wools, are here and are sac
rificing their holdings. A sale of fine medium
with Staples was made on a basis of 47^c.
This is not a sudden drop, but is, neverthe
less, the lowest price paid since October.
An arrival in London of 7140 bales of wool
direct from Australia is the event of tb«
The sale» for the week are: 679,500 pounds
domestic and 371,000 pounds foreign, against
999. 5u0 pounds domestic and 475.000 pounds for
eign last week, and 5,194,000 pounds domestic:
and 6.354.000 pounds foreign for the same week
last year. _ ..-
The sales to date show a decrease of 29,862,90»
pounds domestic and 27.253,300 pounds foreign
from the sales to the same date in 1897.
The receipts to date show a decrease of *>,
574 bales domestic and 64. Ti0 bales foreign.
§ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
025 Ki:.lß\V ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private-
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Thedoctorcureswben
others fail. Try hhn. Charges low.
Carcusaaranlrrd. Callorwrlte.
Dr. .1. F. «.inßO>'. Bet 1957. 5 an Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' |BKl_^^ ' Steamers leave . Broadway
ySjjSPS^ wharf. San Francisco:
eHIK^SI^ For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.-
VsL l3S\lra March 2, 7. 12. 17. 22. 27, AprlC
MeW%l l Transferred at Seattle.
|«|s2&«Slt For Alaskan ports (from
' ''^•SSljkS^ Spear street wharf), 10 a. in..
March 2. 6. 10. 14, 18. 22. 26. 30.
™ Transferred at Portland, Or. j
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a. m.. March 3, 7.
12 17 22 27 and every fifth day thereafter,
connecting at Seattle with company's steam-
ed for Alaska and G. N. Ry. at Tacoma with
N P Ry at Vancouver with C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m..
March 3, 9. 15. 21. 27, and every ' «lxtl> day
th For aft Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Oaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., March 2. 6. 10. 14, 13, 22, 2C
SO and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopplnß only at Port Mar-
ford • (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11
a m. March 4. 8. 12. ,16. 20, 24, 28. aud every
fourth day thereafter. - • ■ .
For Ensenada. Magdalene Bay San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa -Rom-
lia and. Guaynias (Mex.). 10 a. m.. March 8.
April 3 and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to chan«»
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
"TICKET OFFICE-Palace Hotel. 4 New
M GOObTIL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen A«j.
■•■: 10 Market street. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. 00.
- DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $ 12 First Class Including Berth
I MllL S8 Second Class and Meals.
• SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California .Mar. 2. 10, M. M
Columbia Mar. 6. 14. M.-M
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern" Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
-- .... 630 Market at.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. !
. •. . ' Superintendents.
_iMTI, imtmmuM*a s. s. zealandia.
&&®B3mSknwL toe Honolulu only.
m A^3*£'^ a "■•' Wednesday, April fi.
W^^f^iiS^TKllirk) r! S. S. ZEALAXDIA.
iKfIHIL fo '' HONOLULU only.
(•t"* 8 ■■• Wednesday. April •>.
y^^ «2 p. m. Special party
ra The S.S.ALAMEDA
«J§3^(£lMliDlll r ' C - sails via Honolulu and
'/fmr tninPiWH- Auckland for Sydney
£Z^ lOlnpQlttr Wednesday. April 20.
at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
i TOWN South Africa. BROS. CO.. Agents.,
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents..
. -. ■ »114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generale Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 North ■ < &£& f .
i River ■ foot of Morton st. Travelers <TfTTT\
by this line avoid both transit by ' ■ ■■' ■'■
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
' Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class $l«0;
1 LA O BOUHGOGNB. April 2. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE- April 9. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANPIE.., . ....April 1€
, LA OASCOGNE April 23. 10 a. m.
i LA CHAMPAGNE April 30, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to ■ _■
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
' No 1 3. Bowling Green! New York. '
J. F. FUOA7.I & CO.; Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye.. Pan Francisco. ' .
DIRECT TO PARIS, LONDON. HAMBURG.
I F. Bismarck. ...April 2MA. Victoria .....May 2«
! Columbia .......May 12 F. Bismarck.... June 3
I Normannla .....Mav 19 Columbia ........June 9
First Cabin $".' up. 2d Cabin $45 up. Steerage $30
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE,
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
Pretoria .......April 161 Pennsylvania... May 14
Patrla April 23|Palatia. May 21
■ Phoenicia :.....May. ..May 7 Pretoria /...May 2*
First cabin, $C 0 up: 2d cabin. $40; steerage. $28.
Hamburg-American Line. 37 Broadway. N. Y.
HERZOG A CO., General Agents Pacific Coast.
! 401 California St.. cor. Sansome. San Francisco. .
| CUT RATES TO KOTZEBUE SOUND.
! The newly fitted and fast ; barkentine." Leslie
p will Fail mi or about April 21. For further
1 particular* address or call on the owner, CAP-
TAIN C. JOROENSBN, F.nst st. '■
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. ; Washington St., at •
• - - .. -p. m. daily. ■
FREIGHT RECEIVED UP .TO 6:30 P. M.
■ Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and fir-
ing through freight rates to all points on tb«
Valley." Railroad. ■ '--vv..;-. . - -
STEAMERS:
•T.C. WALKER. -. CITY OF STOCKTON. .
JIARY GARRATT, ,J. D. PETERS.
Telephone Main 805. .-' Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
•.' " Steamer "Monticello" *.
Mon.. Tues.", Wed.. Thurs. and 5at....'.'...
I --9:45 a.- m., 3:13 p. m. (S:3O p.' m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays ....1........ .......1 p.m. and 8:30 p. m. ■'-
Sundays 10:50 a. m. and S p. m.
: .Landing and Offices— Mission Dock, Pier 2. ;
■;';,y;.^ . . Telejhone. Red 2241. .-.
FQR SAN JOSE. LOS6ATOSand SANTA fr 02
„ 'Steamer Alviso ; leaves Pier 1 daii'y (Sundays,
excepted). at 10 a, m. ; Alviso daily (Saturdays'
I excepted) at 5: p. m. Freight and ' Passengers.
I Fare between > San "• Francisco • and Alviso. 50o :
i to San Jose. 75c. Clay street, Pier 1. 41 Nort*
j First street, San Jom. . . ■ :
1314
FORM PLATERS
FELL HEAVILY
Upsets in Profusion, for
Favorite Followers at
Ingleside.
Bradley's Traverser Beaten by
Both Morellito and Scar
borough.
O'Connor Downed a Nose by May W.
Veragua Turned Up Winner
at Odds of 2O to 1.
As though the racing game was not
hard enough to beat at all times under
the most favorable circumstances, the
track at Ingleslde is one day fast
enough tcr crack all kinds of records on
and the next harrowed up until a stake
horse cannot run a mile over it fast
enough to get warm. Under such cir
cumstances there is little wonderment
that the outside public has been buck
ing the horses in the face of adversity
the past few days. Yesterday a dyna
mite bomb exploded in the grand stand
would not have killed over thirty-three
people and the crowd in the betting
ring would have been considered a slim
one at the "dawg" races.
Bettors who followed form were light
enough to enter the feather-weight
ranks when the racing was all over.
Bonnie lone caused the first shock by
turning down the favorite Soscol in the
opening event, and later in exercises
Veragua came rolling in at odds of 20
to 1. Taluea and May W were the only
successful favorites.
The mile and a quarter run plainly
demonstrated that Traverser cannot be
rated back in the bunch, and then be
expected to come on at the end and
win. The chestnut colt was pitted
against Morellito and Scarborough, and
as usuaJ went to the post favorite.
Morellito having the benefit of Tod
Sloan in the saddle was well supported
by his stable connections at odds of 7
to 5. Scarborough was allowed to make
the pace to the stretch, where Thorpe
on the favorite cut loose. Sloan also
made his move with Morellito and won
in a gallop, covering the distance in the
slow time of 2:o9*£. The first choice
was beaten a head for the place.
Quite a collection of speed was
gathered together in the final five-fur
long sprint. The Corrigan entry, Gey
ser, was scratched, and May W then
received the nomination. The Calgary
wonder was plunged on by every, big
bettor on the track at the short price
of 4 to 5, and she played in big luck.
Managing to outbreak O'Connell and
Paul Grig-gs at the start, Tod Sloan
rated her nicely, and she just lasted
long enough to down the former a nose
in 1:01 fiat. Griggs was third, ten
lengths ahead of Eakins.
Dick Clawson had the pleasure of
getting beaten -on the extrenely warm
favorite, Soscol, in the opening six-fur
long sprint by Bonnie lone, a 10 to 1
shot. The latter struck the stretch in
front, but at the paddock looked to be
beaten by the favorite, but Conley on
the outsider outfinished Clawson, get
ting the decision by half a length.
Honenlohe, the second choice, was
third.
The "baby" race at three and a half
furlongs proved an easy thing: for the
3 to 5 favorite,- Toluca, ridden by Tod
Sloan. The Nomas filly headed Gold
Scratch and Ach in the run home, win
ning: hands down. Ach was led out for
the place, by Gold Scratch.
The Apache mare. Lena, with Sloan
up, was a prominent favorite for the
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB-Insrleside Track-124th day of the
Winter Meeting. Friday, March 25. 1898. Weather Tine
Track fast. '
TQ/i FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; Belling;
■ Horses. Weight. I St. *4m. *4m.
Jockeys.
711 Bonnie lone 107 3 ... 3h 1% 2 2 1% Cpnley •■
757 Soscol 109 2 ... lh 21 I*4 23 Clawson
782 Hohenlohe 112 4 ... .-6% 3 2 3hi 32 Clayton ■
7f.4 Duke of York 11...112 5 ... 8 6h 5h 46 McNichols
782 Anrona 107 6 ... 71 72 6*4 63 .Stevens .
L-" Ocean Blue ....'.....101 7 ... 4 I*4 4 % 4h 62 Golden ..
752 Hertha ....107 8 ... 5h 8 8 7 5 Enos ....
752 Algorta *..107 1 ... 2 h 6 *4 71 8 G. Wilsoi
.Time, 1:17. Winner. J. Cochran's eh. f. by Imp. Rossington-Bourne O.
Won first three driving:.
3
2
4
5
6
7
8
1
3 h
1 h
6 *4
8
7 1
4 IV4
5 h
2 h
1 Vt
2 1
3 2
6 h
7 2
4 *4
8
5 *4
2 2
1 *4
3 hi
5 h
6 *4
4 h
8
7 1
1 *4
2 3
3 2
4 6
6 3
6 2
7 5
8
coniey
Clawson
Clayton
MrNichols ...
8 iv
4-5 7-10
6-2 7-2
s ... 31 10
8 15
30 100
15 60
in.... 20 100
Good start.
8 10
4-5 7-10
6-2 7-2
3 10
8 15
30 100
15 60
20 100
Stevens
Golden
Enos
G. Wilson....
'T'OCI SECOND KACE— Three and a half furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $350.
772 Toluca 1051
742 Gold Scratch U4
785 Ach 114|
685 Native Son UK
77« San Ramon 108
776 Sweet Cakes 108
Chlco MB
670 Royal Fan ill;
... Practice 105
I 1
3
I
2
6
4
8
5
7
! 9
2 h
1 in
3 1
5 1
7 h
8 1
4 %
6 1
it
3 2
1 h
2 1%
4 V 4
6 hi
7 3
5 h-
8 2-
9
l %
2%
3 6
4 2
5 4
6 hi
7 3
8 2
9
T. Sloan
Thorpe
Clayton
Gray
iEnos
iHennessy
H Martin
4-5
3
3
15
20
15
8
10
3-5
6
6
8
60
15
25
15
•
Shields
[O'Connor
• Coupled with Royal Fan.
Time, .44. Winner, W. M. Murry's eh. f. by Nomad-Sweet. Good start.
Won easily.
796.
THIRD RACE— One mile; selling;
purse. $400.
781 Coda. 5 10?: 5 4*4 2Vi lh ... 1 h H. Martin.... 4 5
781 Charles A, a 108 j 4 2h 3 1 3*4 ... 2 h G. Wilson.... 20 40
770 Donation, 5 ...100 11- 10 % ■ . B*4 4*4 ... 3ns Coniey ....... 4 -3
643 Lena 4 104 2 1 h 1 h 2% ... 43- T. 510 an:..... 4-5 9-10
7fi3 Metaire 5.... 104 1 9 5h 4% 5 1 ... 5 2 R. Narvaez... 100 100
773 Outgo, 6...... 104 i 1 3\i 7% 7 2 ... 6%, Mclntyre .... 25 30
(6G2) Veloz, 4 .........107 3 7h 9h 7 M ... 7 M Clawson 20 30
773 Stentor, 4 .100 7 9% 6h 6hi ... • .8 10 Wilson 20 40
779 Queen Sane, 4 98 6 81^ 10 3 910 ... 9 8 Gray 12 20
557 Torpedo, 4 ......103 10- 6 IV4 .•5 hi 8 %'.... 10 6 Stevens ...... 100 300
... Zaralda, 4 ....100 8 11 11 11 ... 11 Parker ■■....■ | 50 300
Time, 1:44. -Winner, J. Naglee Burkes b. m. by imp. Cyrus-Rosette. Good start. Won
first three driving. ■. ■ ■ ' ■ .. ■ .
»7CJkT' FOURTH RACE — One and a quarter miles; three-year-olds and upward; purse,
i*y i • $500. > .
5
4
11
1 2
9
1
3
W
6 ■
10
I 8
4 hi
2 h
10 ' 2
1 h
5 h
3 M
7 h
9 hi
8 I*4,
6 I*4
11
2 ft
3 1
8 V,
1 h
4 *4
1 *4
9 h
6 h
10 3
-5 *4
11 ;
1 h
3 *4
4 *4
2 *4
5 1
7 2
7 *4 ■
6 V,
9 10
8 *4
11
1 h
2 h
3 ns
4 3
5 2
6 *4
7 M
8 10
9 8
10 6
11
. Martin
Wilson
>n!ey
Sloan.
4 5
20 40
4 3
4-5 9-10
100 100
25 30
20 30
20 40
12 20
100 300
50 300
X
Narvaez. . .
clntyre
awson
ilson
-ay
evens
irker
598 Morellito, 3 99; 1
7S« Scarborough, 4 105 2
767 Traverser. 3 106j 3
2 3
1 n
3
2 2
1 4
3
3
1 3
2 2
S
1 2
2 1'
1 2
3
2 1
1 2
2 h
3
'. Sloan
[ennessy
7-5
5
1
'horpe
Time, 2:09*4. Winner, Wilmans Bros.' br. c.Tjy Morello-Mlss Cromwell. Good start. Won
easily.
>TQO FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
777 Lodestar, 4 106j 9
781 Fort Augustus. 4.. 110 1
(770) Mamie G. »..». 106 2
7SI Meadow Lark, 6. ..11l 7
(739) Olive, 6 11l I 5
(788) Justine, 4 104 s
7C ijenamela, 5 11l 12
770 Masoero, o 11l 10
762 Sea Spray. 6 11l 6
(740) Imp. Mistral 11. 4. 111111
745 Miss ROM, S 109 3
7SI Cromwell. 6 Ul : 4
7 hi
6 h (
1 *4
6 1
4 1
10 h
» 1
3 h
11 1 '
8 1
2 1
• -
7 1
■■ 6 1
1 h
, 5 h
3 h
- 8 '•*
10 h
. *'A
11
IP ■
2 h
2 h ...
3hi ' ...
1 1
4 hi . ...
6 2 ... .
7 3 ' ...
10 1
« 4
9 4 ;..
8 1
11
. i m
2 M
3 h
4 I*4
6 h
6 2
7 3
8 h
9 2
10 6
11 -
.wson
lley
iy ■ . ■ '.
,y ton
Donald . . .
6
2
6
4
8
3
6
15
30
10
Sloan
Martin
ies
cklin
elds
nncssy ....
Sloan
•Pulled up.
Time, 1 : 43-"« i. Winner, A. J. Stemler & Co.'s eh. g. by Imp
start. Won all out.
yQQ SIXTH RACE— Seven /urlongs; Belling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $350.
vv 4 m.
7?<l Voragua. 5 120: j 21 21 23 lh 13 Macklin
467 Pi: Dilke, 5 123 4 I*4 1!> ■ 1 h 22 24 Conlev ..
779 Atticus. 4 117' 1 8 73 62 4*4 35 Shield's .
77" William 08, 6. ...123! 8 .42 3*4 3h 3h 41 Narvaez
770 Don Fulano, a. ...123; S 7 2 5 1»,» 5 114 6 1 6V4 H Marti
B*o Zarrn. 6 .: 120:7 5 *i 6h 7 3 7 3 6 3 McDonald
740 Zamloch. a 120 1 5 3h 42 43 62 72 Ames
781 Sutton. 4 128! 6 6 hi S 8 8 8 Dorsey . .
Time. 1:25%. Winner. A. Nlckell's b. g. by Sinfax-Partlgana. Good start.
1
z
rtln ..;
.1J
6
3-2
20
6
8
15
30
3-2
20
7-5
- 69
12
8
12
100
8-5
ild ...
Won easily.
, SEVENTH RACE— Five furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse $400
•
EN
771
(714)
m
4
a
gs, 4 ....
I
3
4
1
1 1
2 1
3 2
4
1 h
2 2
S 4
4
1 h
2 2
3 5
4
1 ns !
2 24
3 10
4
IT. Sloan
H. Martin.;..
Horsey ......|
Daly <■ .*.'r.7.; .-.■
4-5
6-2
3
Time, 1:01. Winner, D. Cameron's br. f. by Eagle Plume-Frlola. Good start. Won
first tliree driving.
mile sellfng event, third on the card,
but in a four-head finish at the end
! with Coda, Charles A and Donation,
' managed to land just outside the coin.
i The favorite made all the running, but
I tired the last furlong and in a drive
! "Skeets" Martin got the verdict with
! Coda, a 6 to 1 chance, the other money
! horses finishing as named.
The chestnut horse, Fort Augustus,
closed favorite in the betting in the
mile selling affair, fifth on the card,
and though making a flattering run
through the stretch, was beaten out
over a length by Lodestar, backed
down from 6t01t09 to 2. Mamie G,
after cutting out the pace, finished in
the show.
Tom Ryan's chestnut horse. Sir Dilke,
was made a 7 to 5 favorite for the
seven furlong selling event with the
weights raised to twenty pounds above
the scale, but could not shake off the
20 to 1 outsider, Veragua, and Was
beaten out with ease by the long shot,
which was well ridden by Charley
Macklin.
TRACK ITEMS.
After the poor showing made in his race
yesterday the Judges decided that If Sutton Is
a sulker his entry is not wanted in any future
races at the local track. The brother to Dlggs
was heavily played but appeared unable to
run a yard.
Dick Clawson on Soscol, the favorite for the
opening event, had the race won opposite the
I paddock, but grew gay In an effort to show
I Conley how to draw it fine and, caught nap
ping, was beaten out by the colored rider.
Tod Sloan again rode three winners. He
now has a large following which does nothing
I but back his mounts.
Donation has shown improved form of late
and received extensive backing to win the
I third race. He could not keep up the first
! part and, compelled to travel the overland
route, was beaten two heads on the wire.
There is considerable "kicking" among
horsemen at what they term Corrigan's high
handed way of running \nings in general at
Ingleside. Yesterday, so one well-known own
er said, ropes were stretched across the main
' track as is the usual style and owners were
1 compelled to work their horses over the in-
Fi.le track. Shortly l.efon? the noon hour Ed
I Corrigan brought out his horse. The Bachelor,
the ropes were removed 'and the horse was
sent two miles over the main track. The
! ropes were then stretched across the track
I again. If such things are allowed to continue
i racing will be a dead card ere two more sea
! sons have elapsed. Already several visiting
, Eastern horsemen are getting ready to say
farewell to the State with its muchly cracked
' up winter game— forever. No one-man game
for them. s;iy they.
' The gossip now traveling the rounds anent
the decision of the Board of Stewards of the
California Jockey Club rendered on Thursday
' night, when Harry Wise was ruled off the turf
for being implicated in the "ringing" of the
mare Mary Nance at Oakland track some
I weeks ago. Is to the effect that other rea
; sons contributed to the decision. Mr. Wise, it
! serrne. had speculated quite heavily on tho
■ races with the inevitable result, and owed a
I number of bookmakers "markers." His friends
; claim the layers of odds connected hi.s name
i with the job to work his expulsion from the
I turf.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First Race — Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
sellin<r.
755 Oraibee 103 f"72lFrank Ireland. .llo
7"4 Prince Will 100 63S San Laredo 106
755 Primavera 105 760 Ellen Wood ....103
Second Race — Three-quarters of a mile.
(702)Buckwa 110! 763 Lone Princess. ..103
683 Trolley 106 76S Libertine 113
(777)Newsgatherer ..107 198 Mistral II 110
7(M Mount Roy 110 721 Montgomery ...110
753 Rubicon 113:
Third Race — One and a quarter miles; hurdle.
659 Tortoni 131! 422 Sky Blue 130
791 Sylvester 13'J| 6ft4 Monita 131
740 Zamlock 131 731 Our Climate ....148
736 George Palmer. .123,
Fourth' Race— One mile, heats; Evergreen
Stakes; value, $1500.
f7Bo)Won't Dance ...109 (750)Alvarado II 11l
755 Lincoln II no 7«B Ace ill
788 Fonsovannah ... 96 1 (792)Buckwa ill
Fifth Race— One mile: selling.
(765) Chappie MB j 777 The Plutocrat. . .108
753 Alma 103 7:2 Argentina HM
799 William 08....112 792 Myth 107
7K9 Har. Thnburn...lOs (6s4)Satyr 108
796 Outgo 109 7M H.ihenzollern ...112
750 Parthemax 108 753 McLight 112
Sixth Race— Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds.
753 Mocorlto IM] 753 Little Alarm ...101
761 Moringa M 3 7R!> Hermoso ■•■■•• •''
7G4 Prince Blazes. . .H*i 788 Fonsovannah ...106
757 Melv. Bumham.K'fl' 775 Don Luis 103
7-7 F.d Gartland II.l"3j (7S4 (Sardonic 101
738 Applejack HO (74fi)Mldian 110
780 Bonita M'J 66S The Dipper 106
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Frank Ireland. Primavera, Orai
"econd Race— Buckwa, Rubicon, Trolley.
Third Race— Monita. Our Climate. Sylvester.
Fourth HSce-Ace, Won't Dance. Alvarado 11.
Fifth Race— McLight, Parthemax, Satyr.
Sixth Race-Fonsovannah, Bonita, Midian.
THE SA!N FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 26, 1893.
THREW OUT HIS
DRUM AND FLAG
The Union Mission Army
on Hayes Street Dis
rupted.
Commander Moore Has the
Other Members Arrested in
Consequence.
They Will To-Day Prefer Charges
of Threats to Kill Against
Him.
Disruption has taken place In the
Union Mission Army, and where peace
reigned a day or two ago there is now
war, accompanied by revilings and
charges and counter charges.
The army was organized on January
3, with its headquarters at 114 Hayes
street. The original members were
Mrs. Sissie Davis, a dressmaker; her
husband, W. J. Davis, a painter, from
Sacramento, and A. W. Moore, who was
before coming here a member of God's
Regular Army in Portland, Or., of
which Mrs. Clark, the woman who was
arrested recently for cruelty to the lit
tle girl Alice Loy, was also a prominent
member. .
It was one of the rules of the army
that no one would take upon himself
or herself the title of commander, but
that all would stand equal and work
together for the common good.
Everything went along smoothly for
a time and Mrs. Davis provided Moore
with a drum and flag to help him in
his work of gathering in converts. This
was not an easy task and finally Mrs.
Davis presented Moore with a uniform.
Then Moore took on airs and arrogated
to himself the title erf commander. Mr.
and Mrs. Davis expostulated with him,
pointing out that he was violating the
rules, but it had no effect upon him,
so Wednesday morning the husband
and wife threw Moore's drum and flag
into the street and told him not to en
ter their house again.
Unfortunately there were no converts
to appeal to and Moore decided to ap
peal to the Police Courts. Yesterday
morning he swore to complaints in
Judge Low's court for the arrest of Mr.
and Mrs. Davis on the charge of dis
turbing the peace. They were arrested
and taken to the City Prison and much
sympathy was expressed by the neigh
bors for Mrs. Davis, as she is a cripple.
They were almost immediately bailed
out and hurried back to their home, as
they were afraid that Moore might take
possession during their incarceration
or do something worse.
Moore lives in a shack in the rear of
the Davis house and when Davis and
his wife got back, accompanied by At
torneys Rose and Harrington, whom
they had engaged to defend them, Da
vis called in some of the neighbors and
opening the rear window shouted to
Moore, who was standing at the door
of his shack: "In the presence of these
people and my attorneys T warn you,
Moore, never to enter my house again,
and I tell you that your connection
with our army is from henceforth at
an end." Moore did not make a reply.
Davis also accuses Moore of brutal
treatment toward his wife and with
threatening to kill them, and to-day he
will secure warrants for Moore's ar
rest on the charge of threats against
life.
When swearing out the warrants for
the arrest of Mr. and Mrs. Davis,
Moore was particularly anxious that
the press should not be notified, as
much injury had. he said, been done to
Christian organizations, such as Ood's
Regular Army and Jesus Christ's Army,
by the publication of their connection
with the little girl Alice Loy.
CRICKET PLAYERS
NOT ENTHUSIASTIC
There Is little doing among the cricket
ers just now. Only five or six members
of the Bohemian Club responded to the
call for a meeting:, and up to date the
club has failed to organize. This leaves
only two city clubs, the Alameda and the
Pacific, In the Cricket Association this
season; and it is impossible to arrange a
series of interesting matches between
two clubs. Lovers of cricket sincerely
hope that a third club may be formed,
but the prospects are not encouraging at
present.
The Golden Gate ground at Klinkner
ville is in excellent condition and the
proprietor promises to permit it to be
used free of charge if two matches a
month are guaranteed.
H. Morgan-Browne, an English barris
ter, has recently brought out a volume
of sporting and athletic records, in which
are noted many interesting and remark
able performances at cricket. In 18i>6 the
I'arsee batsman, K. S. Ranjitsinhji, made
2750 runs in 55 innings (not out seven
times}, or an average of 07.9 runs. In I
England vs. Australia matches Ranjit
sinnji played four innings (once not out)
and scored 235 runs, or an average of 78 33
runs per inning. His highest individual
scon; against the Australians was 154 i
During His career he has made 5381 runs !
in English first-class cricket, in 113 In- j
nings, aji average of 47 runs. When we i
observe that champion W. G. Grace's av
erage for 1124 completed innings is 41, and
that of A. Shrewsbury, who stands next
to "W. G.," is 33. we see what a splendid
batsman '•Ranji" is.
J. J. O'BRIEN & CO., Murphy Bldg
Mkt. & Jones, sell "STANDARD" shirts*
— : ■ ♦ ■ — •
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
A reward of $10 is offered for the
arrest and conviction of any person
caught stealing copies of this paper
from the doors of subscribers.
■ ■ * ■ — -I_ .-.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Herbert E and Grace W. Law to Hartland
Law. undivided half of lot on S line of Green
street, £5:10 X of Van Ness avenue, X 683 S
87:6, E IS, SW to S corner of lagoon lot 11, NW
1J1 . (5 , $10.
Ellen K. Gould to Charles W. Gould lot on
N line of Broadway, 146:3 W or Polk streeL
W 30 by N 62:6; $10. » aireet,
John Durham to John Turner, lot on N line
of Lombard street, 235:11^ W of Gough, W 25
by N 137:6; $10.
Elizabeth L. Murray to Addle Ghlrardelli
(wife of D. ), lot on N line of Pacific avenue
50 W of Haker, W 25 by N 132:4; $10.
Mrs. M. K. Nichols to William M Moulton
lot on SW corner of McAllister and Parker
streets, S 12:6 by W 100; $10.
Pacific Imrovement Company to Margaret S
Bunker and Sophronia W. Bolflng (wire of a'
J.), lot on NW line of West Mission street'
2&l:0V4 SW of Twelfth, SW 50:3 by NW 81:2%;
Emllie Luttlnger to Richmond J. Luttinger
lot on N line of Eighteenth street, 202 10^ E
of Guerrero. W 28:1% by N 100, E 24 more or
less, SE to beginning; gift.
Ellen O'Brien, H. and Mary Jones to Emillo
Lastreto. lot on N line of Hancock street °05
AY of Sanchez, VV 25 by N U4; $10.
Annie Kanter to Jacob Gordan. lot on SW
corner of Valley and Diamond streets W 50
by N 114; also lot on 8 line of Duncan street
204:5 W of Diamond, W 51 by S 114; $10.
Joseph and Isabel E. Flgfel to Alice Phelan
Sullivan (wife of F. J.) and Mary L. Phelan
lot on E line of Stockton street, 112:6 N of
Ellis, N 49. E 96. S 25, W 21. S 24. W 75; $10.
James D. Phelan to same, lot on NE corner
Of Ellis and Stockton streets, N 113, E 75 S
75, SW 70, W 19:9; also lot on E line of Stock
ton street, 113 N of Ellis. N 6 by E 75, also H
Interest in brick wall; $501.
James Carroll and James Corkery. lot on N
line of Tehama street, 225 W of Fifth, W 25
by N 75; $10.
Mary A. McCabe to Owen Clements, lot on
N line of Clement street. 120 E of Eighteenth
avenue. W 55:10 by N 3:11; $10.
Philip Geyer to George E. Bates, re-record
of 1445 d 293. lot S3, block 20S. Central Park
Homestead, quitclaim deed; $5.
Omund Olsen to Allette S. Nelson, lot on
NE line of Twenty-ninth avenue, 100 NW of
J street. NW 25 by "NE 100, block 517, Bay View
Tract; ?10.
Rosa Owens to same, same, quitclaim deed;
110.
Henry R. and Fannie M. Bell to C. Nonnen
manti, lot on NE line of Eleventh avenue
south (Manitoba), 150 SE of M street (Yazoo),
SE 100 by NE 100. block 208. Central Park
Homestead; $10.
William Nlcol to Emma Adams, lot 1, block
5. San Miguel City; $5.
Matthew O'Reilly to Solomon Get*, lot on S
corner of Tara and Mount Vernon streets, SW
160 by SE 237. lots 1 and 2. block 5, same; $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Egldla
P. Peterson, lot 23, plat 11, Templar Section;
$160.
Alameda County.
James Butler to Herman S. White, lot 25,
block 25, Oakland; $10.
John and Mary Gillam to Emma F. Heath,
lot on N line of Walton or Thirty-fifth street,
316:3 W of West. W 36 by N 120:3, block M,
property of Central Land Company, Oakland,
subject to a mortgage for $12o0; $10.
Archibald Lister to Rita D. Lister, lot on
S line of East Twenty-first street, 350 W of
Twenty-fourth avenue, W 50 by S 150, East
Oakland; gift.
H. T. Bickel (executor of e;=»-> f ° of Nellie E.
Reed) to Thomas E. Nunan. lot on NW line
of Thirteenth avenue, 100 SW of East Six
teenth street, SW 50 by NW 150, block 66,
Clinton, East Oakland; $2250.
Mary Gilliland <by tax collector) to Charles
Babb, the E 25 feet of lot 18, block J, Klink
nerville Tract. Oakland Township: $1.
Charles Babb to John and Mary Gilliland,
same, Oakland Township, quitclaim deed; $3.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Amelia
O'Brien, lot on W line of Byron street. 220 N
of Bancroft way, N 40, W 101, S 10, E 14. S 30,
E S3 to beginning, being a portion of Bryant
Tract, Berkeley; $5.
A. Bretz to L. E. Woodin, lot on E line of
King street, 150:6 N of Mason, N 75:3 by E
120, being lot 38. block 11. lands of Regent
Street Homestead Association, Berkeley; ai6o
the E 25 feet of lot IS block J. Klinknerville
Tract. Oakland Township subject to mortgage;
grant.
L. E. Woodin to John and Mary Gilliland.
same two descriptions, Berkeley and Oakland
Township; grant.
John and Mary Gillam to Emma F. Heath,
lot 219. Rose Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Camillas Watkins to Lenora Worden. lots 20
and 21, block 57, town of Niles, Washington
Townhlp; $10.
Christian and Martha G. Schreiber to Lolita
J. Mitchell, lot on E line of Adeline street,
230:6 N of Twenty-sixth. N 26 by E 132, block
N, Northern Addition to Oakland, Oakland;
gift.
John B. and Ida L. Watson to George Ster
ling, 4.73 acres, being subdivision 2. Map of
the 24-acre tract of the estate of John B. Wat
son, East Oakland: $10.
Charles A. and Elizabeth F. Winshlp to E.
H. Sweetser, lot 32, Glen Echo Tract, Map 2. !
Oakland Annex, $10.
Joaquln Silva to Mary Silva. lot on S line of :
Folger avenue. 1187.44^. W of San Pablo avenue
AY 45 by S 125. being the W half of lot 47,
property of Villa Homestead Association, i
Berkeley; gift.
OonrKiania ami James W. Whvte to Belli"
Whyte, re-record 643. d 382, lot on N line of
Monroe street, 335:9 W of Adeline. N 125 by W
5, block B, Revised Map Oak Tree Farm Tra2t,
Brooklyn Township: $10.
W. E. and Rena S. Gibson to Frederick Del
prer, lots 1 to 4. block L, Hemphill Tract,
Brooklyn Tr-wnship: R>.
Lewis Pink to Amelia Taylor, lot on S line
if First street, 150 W from NE corner of Mock
J. McLeod Tract, thence W 25 by S inn. blr>ok !
2, Town of Livermore, Murray Township: 11.
■ ♦ ■
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
G Keslingbury, Utah E V Pape. L Ang
T A James. Pa Mrs E V Pape & c,
Mrs T A James, Pa L Ang
R D Davis, Sacto S B KootU, Pa
Mrs W Williams, Lon W S Stltt. Chgo
P E Summons, Chgo M Denby. Ariz
S Kahn. Ohio F M Crawford, N T
Mrs 8 Kahn, Ohio J B Pond, N V
Miss B Rettneau, Ohio J McLane. N V
J \V Waterman, L Ang Mrs J McLane, N V
J G SpotUswood. Mo I Miss Leavitt. N V
Mrs J G Spottiswoud. 'H X Mcllarg. Conn
Mo Mrs H X McHarg, Con
S R Ketchum. Pa f H X M<-Haru ,lr, Conn
T J McCarthy, L Ang R baby, N V
W Merrill, Wis ,Mrs R Baby, N V
Mrs W Merrill, Wia J J Wa;t. chgo
J C O'Connor. Tex A J Vnndenburirer, Mo
J T Trezevant. Tex - J J Dooley, N V
Mrs J T Trezevant, c H M Oorbam, Nev
&• m, Term |J M I>eonard, Nev
,Miss T Tivvevant, Ten Mrs J Grant, Pa
tyis? M RadelilTe, Ten Miss Grant, Pa
H G Stewart Pa R H Vose. P Alto
Mrs H O Stewart, Pa C H Morse & w. Chgo :
J M Williams, Chgo 'E H Peaslce &w,N V j
Mrs J M Williams, Chi Mrs E L Rlpley, Strat-
H Clans, N V ford
Mr* H Claus, N V Major & Mrs Ewing,
C H Wilson. Boston Stratford
Mrs J n Moore, NY J G Orr, Stratford
E C Moore, N V X E Brunei! & w, N V
(' S Jones, Pa Mr & Mrs Bladkstone,
Mrs C S Jones, Pa Chicago
J F Hay. Minn Mrs .1 Rhodes, Pa
Mrs J F Day. Minn 8 Garrett, Pa
GRAND HOTEL.
J J Stanfield. L Gates W H Otice. Wis
W Reynolds, S Hosa f F Johnson. Idaho
J Rudduck, UKiata E Berwick, Monterey
A It Hun;. N V H Black, L Ang
I C P.ull. Chicago Mrs Klcholls, Napa
J S Mills. Stockton C Denney. w& d. Miss
M H Orr. Stockton ' E B Kube, Tucson
E F Candle, Stockton 'l, <; Luntzer. Denver !
G Bancro:t. <inn !G Wilson A w, N V
Miss Jameson. Eureka E X Lindsey, Sacto
J E Bu!o. Sonar* ;H T Wolff. Sacto
Mrs Llndley, Howards P liliss &w, S Cruz '
0 H Royce. N V A J Hinds, S Cruz
H Casey, Sacto Rev. J Chattin. <"hlcgo i
E A Moody Cal .Mrs CUft Chicago
3 N Randle, Sacto Mrs S^hion, Chicago I
L Wi odwell, I'itfburg A F Nelson, Eureka
Q II Squires, N V .Miss Winter, F;urpka
W H Brown, Cal B O Hadley, Stanford '
F A Boole, S inzer L Loofhimeri Stanford
Mi.=s Miller. Newport Dr Smith. Virginia
I'm Miller, Newport Mrs Burrow, Virginia i
0 Sweet & w. Minn J A Miller, Palo Alto i
J F Day & w, Minn G Spenoer, Palo Altc ,
C B Tlnkham. Chleo H Schutz. Palo Alto !
;' Wlh.Mi.ii ft w. N Y.T G Alkins. Chicago !
1 Cottrell. Minn J Alkins Jr. Chicago
H Hotch, N V E Warren. Stanford !
T Wells, N V W F Peterson. Sacto
BALDWIN HOTEL.
C R Mock, Alameda M L Tichmer, N V
B Fleischer, R Vista H R Evans. Salinas
E J Fraser, R Vista F Williams. S Rafael
W E Hal ford. Mare Isl J E Bennett, Or
F Porter, Sacto T B Pottlnger. Kern
M Schoenfeld. Cal G W Brown, Denver
G L Cross. Berkeley W T Outwater & w,
J Weller. S Jose St Helena
B Ball, S Jose W G Thompson, Napa
B F Spencer, L Ang D E G Case, Ukiah
NKW WESTERN HOTEL.
M F Daly, Byron |J Watson, Napa
E F Weaver, Cal T H Miller. L adb
B Fisk Cal B C Ballard. S Rosa
J R Bradley, Texas B Haines & f. Texa»
C chandler. Texas .1 Kemple. Stockton
.1 Donaldson. Madera Q Mueller. Seattle
C McCarthy, Vlsalia ,T B Smith. Taeoma
M Gallagher, Haywrdfc O Murray. Nebraska
Miss Ridley, Fresno Miss Peterson. Ca!
H T Jones. S Joss I Brady. S Jose
■» ■ ■
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
FOREIGN PORTS.
USA L— Arrived March 25— Schr Neptune, hnc I
March 16.
Sailed March 25— Stmr Newsboy, for San :
Francisco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
COPENHAGEN — Arrived March 25— Stmr
I Thingvalla, from New York.
i Sailed March 23 — Stmr Island for New !
| York.
GENOA— Sailed March 25— Stmr Augusta Vic
toria, for Naples (cruise).
LONDON- Sailed March 25— Stmr Manitoba,
for New York. I
MEETING NOTICES.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2, <$2*PfflfcK.
I. O. O. F. -Regular meeting .SJjJSjSSKs
THIS EVENING. Second degree :^^fBf^r
will be conferred. • ■ "m\*- . •■
■ A. K. KINGSFORD. D. M.
A. O. H. Division No. — Brothers, -,-^*-
you will assemble at Hibernia Hall, V
120 Ninth St., on SUNDAY, March 21, ' jaVWf
at 7 15 a in., thence to proceed in aCC^iftS
body to St. Mary's Cathedral for Holy iMfc*
Communion at S o'clock mass. Fines for non-
attendance will be strictly enforced.
BARTLEY LEE, President.
T. L. CLANCY, Recording Secretary. ■
THE California Debris : Commission, having
■received applications to 5 mine by the hy-
draulic process - from William Nolden and: C.
Kaber, in the Aureole ; mine, near Oleta,
Amador County,' to deposit tailings in Dead-
man Creek, and from George Beattle, • in the
Beattie ; mine at • Georgia Slide. El Dorado
County, to deposit tailings behind the dam
; of the Gold Bug mine in Canyon Creek, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at ' room
! s!>. Flood building. San Francisco, Cal.. on
April li, , IK9S, at 1:30 p. m. ■ ... ..
i ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
.meeting of the stockholders of the Western
Sugar Refining Company will be held at the
i office of the company. 327 Market st., San
Francisco. > Cal., on » MONDAY, the . 2Sth .lay
of March, IS9S, ; at the :■ hour of .12 m.,
v for the purpose of, electing a Board of Direc-
tors ;to serve for the ! ensuing year and th«
transaction ; of : such other ' business as may
come before the meeting. . ■♦-• -
-■ Transfer books will close on Friday, March
18, IS9S. at 12 o'clock m. ' - • "' ■ " •
■ ■i ROBERT OXNARD. Secretary-
* ASSESSMENT NOTICES. .
ASSESSMENT NOTlCE— Wlttram -■■ Propeller
Company, office and principal place of busi-
ness, 327. Market st., San Francisco, Cal. .".;" •"•
," Notice is hereby given that at a meeting of
. . the Board of Directors, : held ' on ' the 7th day
of March, IS9S, an assessment : (No. 4) of one
(1) cent per share was levied upon the capital
■ stock of the corporation, : payable Immediate-
ly In United States gold coin to the secretary
at the office of the company at > the above
] ; address. ...--, ■. •- ■.■.■..'■■■- ■■',' ' ■"'-.;.'-.- -'
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 12th day of April, 1898,
will be delinquent and advertised for sale at
• public auction, and unless payment Is made
' before, will be sold on the 2!Uh day of April,
1598." to pay - the delinquent '■ assessment, to-
, gether with • costs of advertising { and - ex-
_ penses 'of sale. : By order 1 of -, the; Board of
Directors. -;. . -. ■ ■ :'- • =
• CHARLES A. HUG. Secretary.
' '. • - , 327 Market St.
CHURCH NOTICES.
FIRST United . Presbyterian Church, Golden
. Gate avenue and Polk St.— Rev. M. M. Gib-
son, D.D., pastor. Services 11 a. m. and 7:30
p. m. ' Subject for evening; "Christian Pu-
g ilism." The : last in - the series of popular
lectures at . this church will be given Tues-
day evening. 29th inst., by George W. Dickie.
Esq. Subject, "Japan," to be Illustrated by
stereopticon views, giving some of the finest
scenes in this picturesque Island empire.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
BLIND merchant returned; stand Sixth and
Market sts. Please remember yours truly,
DRUMM.
ST. GEORGE Halls. 317 Mason St.. halls for
dances, lodges, $2 50 to $10 per night;. special
terms steady tenants. BULLEN & KEMLJNE
j CABINET baths a specialty; hours S a. m. to
I 6 p. m., and 8 p. m. to 10:30; room 15. 1035
| Market st.
| THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, - corsets, veiling , yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow-shams, table covers,
- towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
ANIMALS, birds and reptiles bought, sold
and exchanged. Address FRANK C. 808-
TOCK. the Zoo, San Francisco, r -■:£■'• ■--•■
j BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., room 6; tel. 5580.
RITTA BLACK, genuine massage; manicure;
magnetic treatment. 223 Post st., room 3.
MISS R. CLEVELAND and assistant, baths,
massage. 29 Grant aye.. room 5.
| ALVINE HALL and assistant, genuine cabinet
baths. 15% Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
MISS SUZANNE, from Paris, " manicure and
cabinet baths. 140 Eddy st.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method electric mas-
sage; rooms heated. Office 10, 118 Grant aye.
MRS. SHELDON, genuine steam cabinet
baths. 9 Ellis st., second floor, room 22.
< LOTTA DAVIS, genuine massage and cabinet
baths. 11l Geary st. :
I ROOMS papered, $2 50 up; whitened, $1 up.
2808 Twenty-fourth St., or 239 Third st.
i MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
! MRS. STEWERT. genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120% Geary st., room 11.
j mmm^~ m —^—^— __ **™™*^"
DIVIDEND NOTiCfcS.
i DIVIDEND No. 79 (50c per share) of the
Oceanic Steamship Company will be payable
at the office of the company on and after
FRIDAY, April 1. IS9S. Transfer books will
close on Saturday, March 26, IS9S, , at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary-
SITUATIONS .VANTED— FEMALE.
REFINED young woman desires situation as
working housekeeper; best references; city
or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German waitress and chamber-
maid desires situation; 3 years last place; city
or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or second girl or housework; $10 to $15; ,
reference. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St. '
COMPETENT nurse desires situation; 4 years
last place; city or country. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. |
A NO. 1 SUPERIOR German cook for family
or resort, desires a situation. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 316 Sutter st. |
WELL educated lady from Europe, speaking
German and French fluently, also musical,
desires position as useful companion to a
lady or to take charge of children; moderate
salary: highest references; woulu travel. Ad-
dress box 2629. Call office.
; YOUNG lady would like position to assist
moring and evening, for r.iom, board, car-
fare, or as companion to lady. Box 2555, Call.
GERMAN girl wants situation for general
housework; city or country. Call at 763
Mission M.
SOBER ml']i'.le-a~ed woman, good cook and
housekeeper, wants work: fond of children;
city or country. 1104 Mission St., room 33.
| COMPETENT woman wishes position as
housekeeper. MRS. M. MERCHANT. 203
Telegraph aye., room 14, Oakland.
'■■ LADY wish.? position as housekeeper or will
j do plain sewing and mending. 116 Sixth St.,
room 6.
'■ WANTED— A position as Ironer. Address
MISS L. A.. 717 Bush st.
REFINED German lady wishes position as
nursery governess. 1336 Polk st.
WOMAN wishes to do housework or plain
mending. 34 Sixth st., room 6.
CASHIER wishes position in the country. Ad-
dress box 2631. Call office.
WOMAN wishes a position to keep house; good
references. S59Vj Mission st., room 3.
YOUNG German woman wants work by the
day. Cal! or address E. M., 219 Minna st.
, GOVERNESS (American) capable of teaching
grammar or primary studies, teachers' cer-
tificate, wishes position; experience and ref-
erences. Address Governess, box 2626, Call.
■ SITUATION by 2 competent girls to do house-
work. Call at Young Women's Christian
Association, 1259 O'Farrell st.
SITUATION wanted by 2 girls In the country
for chamber work; Southern California pre-
ferred. Box 2723, Call office.
WIDOW wishes position to do cooking and
housework. 1016 Powell St.
| AMERICAN woman wishes situation as house-
keeper or cook on a ranch; best of references.
1920 Howard St., top floor.
WOMAN wishes situation to do housekeeping
i or plain mending. 139 Fourth st., room 10.
DRESSMAKER, cuts and fits by McDowell
system, wants work at $1 per day and car
fare. 806 Jones St.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
WANTED — By respectable flrst-class woman,
home and work In good Christian family;
American preferred; honest and reliable; more
for home than waces; Is good nurse. 17
Third st., room 7.
YOUNG woman wants situation to do house-
work in a small family. 2 Vallejo court.
FIRST-CLASS neat *lrl wishes position as
nurseglrl; not less than $20. 1506 Broadway.
RELIABLE woman wants position as house-
keeper; city or country; no objection to chil-
dren. Address MRS. WEST, 15 Hyde st.
YOUNG woman student, accustomed to teach-
ing, desires summer employment as govern-
ess or companion. Box 2744, Call office.
SWEDISH girl wants situation to do second
work and waiting; private family. Box 2625,
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS colored cook desires situation
as cook or chambermaid In private family or
boarding-house. Call or address 1024 Jackson.
GERMAN Klrl wishes to do general housework,
cook or care for children; $15 to $20. 229
Twenty-seventh st.
DRESSMAKER wishes to go out by the day;
fine fitter; references If desired; terms $1 50
per day. 112 Taylor St.
YOUNG German woman wishes working house-
keeper's position or to do plain mending.
8198 Howard St., room 3.
LADY from the East wishes situation aa
'housekeeper or charge of furnished rooms.
Call 102 Taylor st., room 10.
LADY desires position as housekeeper with en-
tire charge; no children; no objection to
country; excellent references. Address box
2053, Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes housekeeper's position or
do plain mending. 1104 Mission St., corner
of Seventh, room 10.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
GERMAN Employment Office, MRS. LAM-
BERT, 417 Powell St., tel. Main 5332. fur-
nishes most reliable help of all nationalities.
CHINESE and Japanese teatab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE Employm't Otflce— Best help and
Northern Hsclng Co. 1808 Polk; tel. Polk 422.
JAPANESE employment office; work day.
hour or evening. 122% O'Farrell: tel.DavU 605.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 4i4H O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE. Chinese Employm't Office: house
cleaning; tel. Grant 56. Geo. Aokl. 30 Geary.
SITUATION wanted by colored man (single) In
private family, doctor or office work; under-
stands driving, office and housework; satis-
factory references for the past 17 years' serv-
ice; 10 yearn In last place employed. Address
W. G.. 351 C Minna st.
WANTED — By industrious, reliable young man
situation in private family; can do any kind
of work, plain cooking Included; good home
more an object than wages; references. Ad-
dress L. M.. 403 Telegraph aye., Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by a well recommended
German: general house servant; an excellent
cook and laundress; references. Room 9
101S Washington st., Oakland.
COMPETENT ccmipositor wants work In non-
union ofllce; city or elsewhere. Address box
2633, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes situation as cook
on ranch, waiter, porter In hotel or any kind
of work. Address box 2632, Call office.
EXPERIENCED elderly pork butcher and sau-
sage maker, good curer, wants situation; city
or country. Box 2561, Call office.
WORK as general blacksmith; strictly so-
ber. W. W. PARKS. Alvlso, Santa Clara
County, Cal.
EXPERT accountant wants any situation; ref-
erences. Address box 2a&3, Call office.
SriIATIO\S WAX -ED— Continued.
MA7T"wlio"lln^e7s7ands milking, desires steady
place on dairy or farm. T. HAXEY, 22< sec-
ond st.
WANTED— A position as stenographer; would
be willing to accept small salary to begin
with. W. E. W., E,-nma Spreckel3 building.
SITUATION wanted by a fl rs , t " cla - iB ™ a . chl , ) n *
blacksmith. Address J. M. GALES, 210
Montgomery aye.
YOUNG married man with reliable local refer-
ences desires position as collector, solicitor,
stock cierk or anything paying fair salary.
Address, for Interview, 43 Sixth st. room 42.
JAPANESE young boy wants a situation as
waiter on table and housework in lam iy.
Address F. IKEDA. 85S Clay st.. Oakland.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
MAN and wife would like positions from
April 1; man as foreman in a vineyard, but-
ter-maker or ranch ioreman; wife as cook
and housekeeper; best of references. Address
box 6, Santa Rosa. Cal.
STENOGRAPHER, special correspondent, with
6 years' experience in newspaper work, wants
position in commercial line; understands
bookkeeping and owns typewriter. Address
box 2727, Call office.
MAN about place— Situation wanted by a
steady and sober man; thoroughly under-
stands the care of horses, driving, garden,
cows; best of references. Address 2745, Call.
SITUATION wanted by man and wife: man
understands farm, orchard and vineyard
work; handy with tools; woman good cook;
no children. T. S. H., Z726 Mission st.
GOOD all-round German cook wants a steady
situation In restaurant or coffee and lunch-
houße; moderate wages; best of references.
51 Third St., room 3.
GERMAN gardener, understands propagating,
green house work, vegetable growing, wishes
position on a private place: references. Ad-
dress box 2746. Call office.
JAPANESE first-class cook wants position;
has great experience in cooking for family.
HENRY K. KIMURA, care H. Ids & Co..
201 Sixth st.
RELIABLE. Industrious. German gardener:
understands taking care of horses and cows;
handy around the place; references; moder-
ate wages and a good home; Oakland or Ala-
meda. Address box 2757, Call office.
GERMAN horticulturist, competent In every
branch of gardening, wishes a situation; pri-
vate garden preferred. \V. KLETT. 417 Har-
rison st.
EXPERIENCED baker foreman wants a place
at once: references given. Address Baker.
SO9 Third st., Oakland.
YOUNG man, single, well educated, good rec-
ommendations, desires position of any kind:
moderate salary with chance for advance-
ment. Address L., box 2527, Call Office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 20 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night; $150 to $6
week; convenient end respectable; free 'bua
and taggage to and from fer*y.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
WANTED— Chambermaid, hotel, city, $20;
pastry cook, institution, $20; Swedish laun-
dress, $30; German cooks, $30 and $25; second
girl, $20; chambermaid, $25. LEON ANDRE.
316 Stockton st.
' WOMAN cook, country hotel, $40. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
IRONER in country laundry $40. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WAITRESS, country hotel, fare paid, $20; 5 j
restaurant waitresses, $5, call early; wait- .
ress. $20 and room ; 6 waitresses for Southern i
California, $20; pantry girl, $20; German
chambermaid, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., |
104 Geary St.
FAMILY cook, $25, call early; girl. Belvedere,
$20; 2 girls, Berkeley, $20; 5 girls, city, $20 to ;
25; French second girl, $!">, call early. C. R. :
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
3 WAITRESSES, new place, $22 50. city. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
REFINED nurse, girl 5 years old, $12. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, Larkspur, $15; fare paid. MISS
CULLEN, 3L'i .SuttiT Bt.
.- . j
FRENCH maid, French nurse, grown children,
$2... MISS (TLLEN. 225 Sutter St.
REFINED Protestant housework girl, Monte-
rey County, $2u; tare paid. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St.
GERMAN girl, bakery, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES, country, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
REFINED German nurse, grown children, $25.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE, sleep home. $12: second girl and
sew, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter at.
MAID and seamstress. $25: pastry cook. $20, in-
stitution. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN second girl and seamstress, $25: 2.
cooks, $25 and $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
U-r st.
3 SECOND GIRLS, $20 and $25: 4 cooks, pri-
vate families. $25 and $30; German chamber-
maid and nurse, $20; pastry cook, $35: ironer.
in laundry, $25; French nurse, $25: German
or Swiss cook. {' r dairy hands. $25; wait-
ress, hotel. $25: and a great many girls tor
Cooking and housework. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WOMAN for general housework on ranch, Col-
llnsville. $20; waitress, country hotel, $20.
MIRRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay St.
WAITRESS for summer resort, $20; waitress
for country hotel. $25. R. T. WARD & CO..
608-610 Clay st.
OFFICE fee 25c less; girls of all nationalities
to fill various positions. MRS. LAMBERT,
417 Powell st.
SELECT Ladies' Clerks' Exchange: strictly
confidential in its operations; bookkeepers,
copyists, salesladies, clerks, etc. 1018 Wash- j
lntgon st., Oakland.
LADY stenographer and typewriter, office
cashier and bookkeeper. 313 Bush st.
SITUATION for a very competent and reliable
German general house servant. 1023 Market.
5 SALESLADIES, new store, experienced in
notions, hosiery and gloves. 1023 Market st.
CLOAK and suit saleslady; milliners; sales-
ladles for department store; office assistant
for Sacramento. 1023 Market st.
WANTED — Experienced skirtmaker who under-
stands fitting. DAVIDSON & MILLER. 731
Market st.
WANTED — Middle-aged woman to cook for 2;
good home. Call 1015 Howard, after 11 a. m.
YOUNG girl to assist light housework; sleep
home. 222 Seventh st.
WANTED— Spanish woman for housework. Call
17 Grant aye.. room 9.
WANTED— Two tirst-class arm waitresses? Ap-
ply 32? Eddy St.. C. W. C. A.
WANTED— Stenographer; state salary and ex-
perience. Box 2634. Call office.
WANTED— Young girl for generaJ housework
at 726 Sutter st.
GIRL, 12 to 15. light housework; sleep home.
421 Minna st. %
GIRL for housework In a small family, San
Rafael: good plain cook. 1837 Bush st.
WANTED— A Swedish girl who Is a first-class
cook, belongs to no church, never goes out;
family of 2; 2 meals a day; wages $15 month"
references. Apply WILLIAM PAULSEN.'
Seventh and Mission sts.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework. Inquire
at 2032 Pine st.
WANTED — Good plain-work Ironer; good
wages. 790 Elizabeth st., between Twenty-
third and Twenty-fourth.
WANTED— Housekeeper with female child-
woman under 25 years. Call at 839 Clay st
Oakland, bet. 8 and 9 a. m. and 4 and 5 p. m.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jew- I
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
WE have a few vacant machines for a number
of young girls who desire to learn operating
In our white and fancy shirt department
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, corner Gough
MM Grove sts.
FIRST-CLASS waitresses and chambermaids ;
will be found at the clubrooms of the Call- !
fornla Waitresses' and Chambermaids' *sso- !
elation. 329 Eddy st.; telephone Larkin 837
YOU NO lady barber as partner In barber shop
in Nevada; no money required. Inquire
DECK ELM AN BROS., Barber Supply House!
WANTED— Bright woman looking for business
opening; must use good language and dress
_neatly. Box 2750, Call office:
WANTED— Operators on gents' white shirts
621 Valencia St.
EXPERIENCED rlrl to work on vests. 14
xijirrict st.
FIRST-CLASS hair dresser wanted at 111
Stockton «t. G. LEDERER.
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
Ing; call morning. IG2B Sutter st.
OPERATORS on flannel overshirts and under-
wear; a few Inexperienced hands taken and
taught. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36% Fre-
mont st.
ROOMS 26c to $1 day; $1 50 to U week: re-
spectable. 142 Seventh *t.. Glrard House.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; position*
ttmi patterns 86c. McDOWELL'B. 103 Port
DR. WISE, the ladles" upTcl.lirt. 14 McAlilsTe7
St.; open evenings; Sundays, I to 5 p, m.
LAWRENCE Dresacuttlng School. Iw9~MaTket
St.: perfect flt: no trying on: trial free
387 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The CalT
Subscriptions and ads taken.
I '.' MALE HELP WAXTED. "'
'< LUNClT'cook for saloon, $35; second cook,
! lunch house. $10 a week; cook for institution,
i $35; cook, boarding house, $35; cook, countrj
hotel $35- second cook on boat. $20. R. X.
[ WARD & CO.. 60S and 610 Clay st. - .;■■; . y,.
FRENCH cook. $70 camp cook, $50; tamaT*
maker $7 50 a week: institution cook. $30.
c! R HANSEN & C0. ._1 ___«__/ _•_;
FOUR waiters, country hotel ' $35 fl and. fre«
fare- 6 European plan waiters, $00, I waiters,
eft™' $"35: waHer. $30; restaurant porter boy,
$15; 4 waiters, north, $40. C. R. Ha;s_-_.n _
CO., 104 Geary st.
GARDENER, for a country institution, $35^
board, room and washing. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st. - ' ,
MILKER and . wife for a dairy ranch $40;
coachman, $30: man about place, $20, 2 milk-
ers. $25; German milker. $20. C. «. *ia.\-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary ft.
CIRCULAR sawyer. $60 and board. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
IRONER. $30 and found. , C. R. HANSEN _
CO., 104 Geary st. _ ,
ERRAND. boy who lives with his Parents Q '° .
| our office. C. R. HANSEN- & CO.. 104 Geary.
FIVE waiters, $35; call early. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., .104 Geary st. .
A— MEN wanted to-day at MURRAY &
READY'S, from $15 to $90 per month and
found. If you want work come and see us.
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st. Tel. Main oS4B.
A— EMPLOYERS OF HELP— __.-. v
Please remember that MURRAY & READY
sent seventeen thousand (17,000) men to worn
during the year IMT. What we have done rot
others we can do for you. Send the best
help free of charge. Send your order*
to MURRAY & READY. Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. Tel. Main
5843. | - .-.■■•--'
A— CARPENTER, $3 day; call very early.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED — Butter maker, $25, see boss here:
■ coppersmith, $3 to $3 50 day; farmer and
wife. $25; errand boy for store, $3 week;
farmers; 20 laborers for city and. country,
• $1 75 day and $20 and found. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— American baker, $10 and found and
increase; cooks, waiters, dishwashers and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623
Sacramento st. . .
WANTED — 2 miners, good, steady Job, $52. per
month; farmers, milkers, cooks, waiters and
dishwashers; German farmer and wife, $40.
W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay, st.
■ CONFIDENTIAL business agent: 2 traveling
salesmen; publisher's agent. 313 Bush st.
MAN and wife, position of trust, $S0: charge
of light profitable business; quick advance-
ment. 313 Bush st.
STATE agent; control of agents and some
knowledge of bookkeeping. 313 Bush st.
STATIONARY engineer, $50 and board; stage
carpenter; rent collector. 313 Bush st.
SOAP salesman; -advance agent: office mana*
ger, $S0 and percentage. 313 Bush st.
COOK, city. $45; second cook, country, $35.
Hotel Gazette, 420 Kearny st.
A MAN for small prune orchard, one who can
plow with one horse, and take care of fruit
trees and vines; wages $20 per month and a
good home. Apply 413 Dupont st.. at 4 p.m.
WANTED— who are now or have
been selling school supplies . to correspond
with the Diamond * Litho-Publlshing Co.,
Minneapolis, Minn. ..,../
WANTED— good barber for Saturday after-
noon and Sunday. Call at 12 o'clock. 112 First
BARBER wanted; steady. 759 1-*1 -* Howard st. '•
BARBER wanted. Saturday and Sunday. 903
Mission St.. corner Fifth. _^_^
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
-103 Fourth St. ;
WANTED— Good barber for Saturday and Sun-
day. Call 8 a. m.. 252 Ninth St.
PORTER for barber-shop, and to clean bath
rooms. ■ 120 Geary st. -
GOOD day cook in a restaurant. 1759*4 Mis-
sion st. ., ' r ' -.
WANTED— A cook; call early. 136 Second st.
I WANTED— Strong boy to learn cake bakers'
trade. 22 Sixth st.
! GENTLEMAN of good address for outslda
man. S2 Donohoe building.
i CHINESE, good cook and laundry work. 823
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Good tailor; steady Job. . Call at 190
Jessie st.
! A GOOD WAITER. 29 Fourth street.
LABORER, strong man. to assist in white-
washing. Apply 1409 Jackson . st. '. . .,' ; ;-.. ■
BARBER-SHOP for sale, two chairs, 3 living
rooms in back, to be sold Monday. Address
Box 2562, Call ■of fice. •
| WANTED— Good barbers; 8-chalr shop for sale.
207 Fourth st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
FOR sale— 2-chair barber shop. 21021 a Howard
street. . ■
' SINGLE rooms. 12^0, lf.c. 20c"25c night; 73c,
[ $1. $1 25 week. Elfcho House. 86314 Market St.;
! changed hands; renovated and refurnished.
' MARKET. S63 1 ,4 (Elcho House)— Single rooms,
. 12Vic. 15c to 25c per night; week. 75c, $1, $1 25.
i RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine .corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30, years, who are citizens of th«
■ United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such: muse
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 6 Inches and 6 feet in height.
For further information apply at. the re-
cruiting office, 20 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.
I SEAMEN and green hands wanted to go in a
steam whaler. WM. LANE, 504 Davis st.
BARBERS — To rent, best location In city for 2-
chair shop. Apply at 312 Montgomery st.
WANTED— IO men to occupy clean rooms; I
nights 25c or 750 week. 105 New Montgomery.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and carpenters for
coast. Australia and Europe. HERMAN'S,
26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
ment. Bernard. Secy.. 102 7th: tel. South 625.
FINE coat makers wanted. Apply bet. 10 and
11 a. m. to CHARLES LYONS. 721 Market St.
WANTED — An Al dress goods salesman. Ap-
ply 623 Market St., room 7. from 2 to 3 p. m.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.: tel. Grant 136.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 -hlrd :t. : 150 larg<*
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House! 764* Mission
St.. men to take rooms: 10c. 15c and 25c per
riight; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
MEN to leat.i barber trade In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 13SH Eighth st.
WINCHESTER House! 44 Third sT! near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from he ferry.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to Jl
night; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: Cl a week.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— Lady with some means to Join
young man in established grocery and saloon.
Box 2724. Call office.
PARTY with $100: gilt-edge proposition: suit-
able for lady; investigate. Box 2521. Call.
FURNITURE WANTED.
HIGHEST prices to fltl new building. 840 Mis-
sion et.; tel. Mint IS2I.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery st. : highest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71.
ROO.iS WANTED.
YOUNG man wants room In private family;
part board ; state terms, box 2559, Call.
OFFICE WANTED.
WANTED— SmaII office, furnished preferred,
or desk room; low rent. Address box 2630
Call office.
W ANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— IOO goats for feeding: the animals.
Address the Zoo, Chutes, city.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus: second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
1 PAWNBROKER— OId gold. silver cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN, 41 Third.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty; prlvateT
no fee without; success: collections, wills,
probate. Insolvency, deeds, , damages, mort-
■ gages, copartnership, bllls-of-sale. ; patents.
- trademarks, etc.; established 10 years O W.
HOWE, att-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton^
A 5717 1C * E ec:£ ec: no ' char ; unless ■ successful.
W. W. : DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.
TYPEWRITERS.
' T 2sJ^,iE ood orde '". *25; send for sample wort
6COXT.& BANNAN.. 333 Montgomery St.BU&IXESJ CHANCES. "J
$150— BRANCH* bakery and delicacy store in
Mission; 3 living rooms; rent $15; '- daily re-
ceipts • from $8 to $10; • a nm-class offer.
WILKE. 753 Market st. ' ' - • '
$000— PARTNER wanted in old established cor-
ner saloon, doing a first-class paying busi-
ness-; Very best location In wholesale district;
only honest and industrious man need ao-
ply. WILKE, m Market st. : ! •
WO— RESTAURANT and coffee saloon; close' to
3 theaters; doing a rushing business; no cheap
prices: most sacrifice; partners can't agree
'•all WILKE, 783 Market st. : f . 1
A— s7so; OLD established restaurant, 1 block
from cor. Fourth and Market; kept by owner
years and doing a rushing, good-paying busi-
ness; investigate soon. WILKE. 783 Market.
BAKERY n and confectionery,'' established' for
the last 30 years, doing a rushing store busi-
r.ess; only Hrst-class cash customers; no low
prices; the best location in this city; living
rooms; rent low. buyers given a trial; no
better lace in the market; investigate; you
will find a bargain.' WILKE, 753 Market st.
T PARTNK!> ' wanted by a lady in pork and
delicacy store; choicest location; close to
Market St.; doing first-class paying business:
rare chance for good man. Inquire WILKE
•S3 Market st. V v, < v' |
A— s4so; CORNER saloon on San Bruno road,
with 3 living rooms; rent $20; good paying
place and stock worth the money. WILKE.
«S3 Market st. • .
CORNER saloon; down town; 1 in vicinity
ot the wholesale houses; well stocked; doing
an excellent trade; good fixtures. M. LESS.
76j5 Market st. •_,■?.
PARTNER wanted in well paying res-
taurant; central; owner tired of ' unreliable
help; trial given to suitable party. Appiy
_M. LESS, 765 Market st.
.SI7SO— DAY saloon; established 25 years; among
wholesale houses; value of stock fully $2000-
business speaks for Itself; full investigation;
an proposition. Apply at once to M. LESS.
Market St.
X ? E i E S » CO " Suc cessful. Brokers, 22% Geary.
lilt oo^ Parlor and bread bakery; central.
Stationers-, school supplies; near school.
$ZZ — Cigars; dally receipts $10; snap.
fr*^-Dressmaking and tailoring; clears' lloo.
l9£2zS?f ; r . grocery and bar living- rooms.
i«UX~t" OI ; l tV i" acre nursery under glass. J
$3000— Bookblndery. and blank-book manfry.
Hundreds of otner bargains; investigate.
A— ssso; 200 'masquerade and theatrical cos-
tumes; well-located business; est. 1&75; good
chance for bright woman. KREDO & CO.,
-- . Geary st.
A—s2so; confectionerj- and Icecream parlors;
elegant place near city. KREDO & CO 22%
_Geary st. " ....'*
$150— SALOON, city front; bargain if sold this
■lay.- MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
MECHANICS' restaurant and lodging-
House; bargain on account of departure, lie-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st. '
$1500— 120-acre ranch; new 5-room house; barn;
50 acres grape land; 3000 cords wood -.wood will
pay not $3 day for 10 years. SPECK. _ CO.,
602 Market st. "
**;*- CORNER grocery and bar; a bargain.
$SoO— Grocerj' and bar; best corner In city.
J250 — Very nice cigar-store; good location.
$300— Branch bakery and notions; paying well.
Also several Saloons and restaurants.
At ANDERSON & CO.'S. 777 Market St.
RESTAURANT, near Market and East sts. H.
C. DECKER. [020 Market st.
$1200— WOOD, coal, feed and boarding stable;
established 20 years. DECKER. 1020 Market.
SPLENDID Business Opportunity— Boarding
house; good income ;'$ steady boarders; new
furniture; for sale at a snap; $>;>: sickness
cause for selling; clears $75 to $100 per month..
\- W. P. TO DP & CO.. 1050 Broadway, Oakland.
$200— PARTNER wanted in light business suit-
ed to steady man satisfied with $15 to $25 a
week; no experience required; trial given.
724H Market St., room 17.
PARTNER with small capital or will sell; best
little business in Oakland; no experience re-
quired; the only one on the Coast, .515 Eighth
St., Oakland.
FAMILY liquor store; weil stocked; splendid
location: good trade;' low rent; excellent
chance for right party; a bargain. Inquire
235 Third st.
$200 "WILL purchase the Nickel saloon, with
stock, fittings, pianoforte, utensils, etc. 130
Seventh St.. near new Postofnce site. .
WANTED — Partner saloon; open day and night
for 50 years. 650 Sacramento St.. northeast,
corner of Kearny.
A — NOTION, stationery and cigar store for
sale; a bargain; $100. 155 Eleventh st.
4 SAN FRANCISCO lots to trade; perfect title;
also good restaurant. 52 Eighth st.
CORNER saloon; rood stock of liquors and
cigars;, bargain. 243 Fourth st. ' •—.■^:\
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant for sale; In-
vestigate at once. 249 Fourth st.
$400— PARTNER for well paying family liquor
storei well located.' £ Box_2fi2s^ Call. office. ._.'■_ ; :,
LADY.' having nice home \n Western Addition
wishes partner, artist or first-class
maker, to establish dressmaking and milli-
nery parlors. Box 2776, Call office. ..-•■■ ■
FOR — Argonaut route and other weekly
papers; good tiling for schoolboy. Box 2721,
Call office. ■ ■
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. .Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant, ay..
GROCERY and bar for salt on . account of
sickness. 648 Minna st. •• • • • . • . ...
SALOON at a reasonable price; good location.
Apply Albany Brewery- . : .
FOR Sale— Business of the late John Gross;
oldest established candy factory - and ice
cream parlors in San Joaquin County. Ad-
dress 25 North El Dorado St., Stockton. Cal.
WANTED— Home . In . private family . for boy 4
years old; must be thoroughly first class;
state particulars; no other children. Box
2725, ' Call. . . ,"  ■
$700— BARGAIN ; good paying grocery buslntss;
living-rooms; central location. M. E., box 102,
Call Office. ■ ■•■ • - .- '
FOR i — Restaurant and chophouse; best
location; opposite the ferries. 18 East st.
RENT Good , paying restaurant; oak furni-
ture; steady boarders. ISO 6 Market st.
FOR sale— Good-paying grocery store. For par-
ticulars call at 409 Sansome st.
CORNER saloon for sale on account of death;
cheap. 1121 Harrison st. j '..* ■
GOOD-PAYING restaurant; average $18 per
day; trial given. 2424 Mission st.
SHOE store; ■well-established custom trade. Ap-
ply Call Branch Office, 339 Hayes st. .
THREE-CHAIR barber shop; first-class trade:
good location. ilOS? Howard st. '..'■■ ...
BUTCHERS' fixtures, complete outfit, for sale;
cheap. Apply 1121 Mission st. ■ . ; - - .
FOR sale — Corner grocery and bar; good loca-
tion. 1..52 Folsom Bt ■ . ' •• ;.
$275 BUYS the nicest central located restaur-
ant; clears $65 month. 406 Geary st.
— CIGAR store, with 4 rooms in rear. BAR-
RETT, 1125 Market St., above Seventh. •-.*•;.-'
iSso— Well established custom trade shoe store;
good .• repairing. 4102 Nineteenth ' St., near
Castro.
SALOON for sale on account of sickness. Call
and - Bee owner. 228 Brannan st.
RARE chance, for cash, the most perfect and
well-known dressmaking ; establishment In
this city: transaction absolutely trustworthy;
must be disposed of at once. For particulars
address box 2093. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cigar-stand; proprietor leaving
city. L.. box 20, this office.
COUNTRY call route fpr sale. Apply Call
office.
FOR — One of the best bakeries In the city.
Inquire at 1509 Polk st.
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN. Regist'd Pat.
Agents; established 1862. 319 Pine st.. city. .
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or at 153 Third «t., Portland. Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGINci HOUSES FOR SALE.*
15-ROOM house, new furniture; price only.* 300
14 rooms on Hyde st.: offer wanted 500
22-room "house; new and good 750
21 rooms; fine location; 0n1y...............' Jo
M rooms: sunny corner ■•■• 3 < " )
85 rooms; rent $200; good furniture 2500
110-roora house; clears $350 6.i00
20 rooms, on Van Ness aye 1100
12 rooms, on O'Farrell; clear* $50 600
11-room house.; sunny corner; fine..;..... N<)
26 rooms; new and good ." 800
•if, rooms, on Mission 1000
ZZ rooms, on Market: clears $250 U;;,? 00
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, (.pp. Fifth.
25 ROOMS m Oakland; clears $100; will sell or
exchange, for ranch-. DECKER, 1020 Market.
KRiif»o"&TcO.;- successful brokers, 22Vi ' ; i'. ! . u v'
4S rooms; best in city..., * ,-;
26 rooms; Market: a .give away. ..••■ «<{.
23 roriir.s; all housekeeping; make after.. 700 |
. 37 rooms, near Plaza; always full 660 ;
15 rooms, near Market: rent $45* .. ■<"'
14 rooms:* Golden Gate: 5nap.. .....-••••• ,££
12 rooms;. Market: boarding: clears $ ( r,.... 875
11 rooianj- Ninth; clears $:■ ■■; bonanza.../.. WO
10 rooms: E11J«; new .and g00d... ;,.:...* -JW
7 rooms; Market: offices pay -rent........ 7t':^W.
Hundreds of, other* at. your owp«.prlce.
$700— FIRST-CLASS 18-rooni house: pays hand-
somely. G.: E. LAWRENCE & CO/, 629 Sac-
ramento Bt.' '■■ . '.;" ■■'' ; | "'. '" /' ' ' '.■ /
MONEY loaned. on watches, diamonds, jew- •
elry: low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant a.v. .
GOOD 'transient house for sale; no reasonable
offer .refused. Box 2095. Call office,.-.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE for sale; no second-hand dealers.
m Twelfth 6t. . , ; ... ,;: :
MATKIMOMAL.
GERMAN lady wishes the acquaintance of a
nilddle-aged gentleman; object matrimony.
_J_<__J_3i, Call office.
ALL seeking marriage send 10c and pontage. for
March "Wedding BelT: 16 r«Kes: no $5 ro-
qulred. Editor. 11l Ellis st.. San Francisco.
msi>>.SS PERSONALS.
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and unframod; framing with glass 7x9 Inches.
10c: SxlO and 10x12. Be; 11x14 and 12x16, 20c;
14x17, 25c; 16x20, 30c; ISx22. 85c; 20x24. 4Gc; 22x
28, 60c; curtain poles complete, loc: mi. mold-
ing, all colors, lc ft;open eve. Jones, s47 Mission
COME Into the largest hair dressing establish-
ment on the Pacific Coast; best of service,
25c only; good swSches, $1; best, finest tjual-
ity, $3 60; extra heavy, long, $5; open Sun-
days from 9 to 12. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st., nr. Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 pe~ night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made in
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay St.. S. F.
j QUINUNIA Hair Tonic is. In all cases, en-
tirely harmless. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton.
MISS ANDERSON, laths, massage: Swedish
movement. !»06 Market, room 13, second floor.
PAINTING, papering, tinting, whitening at
lowest prirfs. F. EDWARDS. IJO9 Webster-
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
AGENT wanted to take orders for merchant
tailoring. NEUHAL'S & CO., 115 Kearny.
I TRUNKS moved. 25c. Commercial Transfer
Co., 22 Stockton St.; phone Main 49.
SUIT to order on easy installments. L.
LF.MOP. HIT Market «t.. h»t. 7th nnd Sth.
j
PRESBM/. KBItS.
PAN FRANCIPCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market st. ...
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, otylish dresses.
$5 up: drosses made over. 6 Eddy st., rm. 86.
! «15 LARKlK— Branch office or the Call. Sub-
scrlptlona nrd want ads taken.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
r.-iider; born double veil ami second sight;
i- diagnoses disease; full life reading: ladies s»c.
• gentsjl; palm, and olairv.: Bit. $1 80. 126 Turk.
MMX Mi'HE.Vr, "nost medium and card-
readefl l.c up; charms given. 13 Fourth st.
EASTERN professor will read cards for shut
time; Ifl to :. ladles 25c. -iim Tehama st.
KISS BELL GRANT, card reading and mae-
notlc healing. 122 Post St., room 10, 2nd floor.
MMX SYISILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 2.'.c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st^
MMB. LX NOHM.AXI ■!•:. r. -liable dui'voyant,
card reader. maßnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth.
MISS MF.LVTL-.E. • (Treat clairvoyant and
waterresder. 921. Mission; German spoken.
MISS EDNA V, GRANT, 215 Kearny st., room
2: mind-reader and palmist
MRS SHAFFER, test and business medium;
s'ttings daily. 123% Sixth St.. room 14^
QYPBY life reader Rives correct answers to
all questions; L.. 2, r .e; G.. T.Oc: nn sign.-. 3 7th.
JIMH. RAVENA rends life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— Wrst in her pro-
fession: never falls: advice: help. 929 Post.
Sr_R-VlAl.lS>».
MRS, COLJBT returned; circle to-night; sittings
daily. I__' 2 Oak st. ________
MRS. KI.LIS. medium. 233 Valencia; sittings,
$1; circles Tues., 2; Sat. eve., 8 p. m.; 25c.
M FRANCES, independent slate-writin« me-
dium. 118 Haight St.
MRP. SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy st., room 3.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
messages and advice. 218 Stockton St.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The ua
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
HYPNOTISM-
SAN FRANCISCO College of Suggestive Thera-
peutics; private Instruction. 911 Van Ness
aye. __ F. TT-RMAX. S- r .
__I_iSK v i yERPJBISES.
A TRIP to the Klondike— Orand Illustrated
lecture by Prof. Tulloh, with over 100 beau-
tiful stereopticon viein-s at Golden Gate Hall.
63G Butter st.. Saturday, March 26: doors
open at 7:30; prices 25c and Sue: see bills.
KU'\]>ik;;i;,~.: _r outfll is of n<l value with-
out .a Eupeka patented portable gold washer:
do not fail • to take one. along; you get more
gold than you can carry. 319 Hush st.
CARPENTERS, blacksmiths, plumbers and
good men at general work who are going to
Dawadn tan, on the way up, work out JIM
to $200 of their fare, via St. Michaels. Apply
The Gold Star Co., Mills .gliding, San Fran.
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boats. BBAHBORO & CO..
wholesale and retail grocers, 531 Washington.
DOG; large. lo.ng-halred; suitable for Alaska;
will sell at a bargain. 130 Seventh st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
dry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
4 GOOD dogs; well broke; a map. Sunset
Horse Market. 145 Valencia St.
GOOD strong dogs, trained for Alaska, for Bale
at ElO Van Ness aye.
YUKON dog harness: best made, for sale by
all outfitters. SAMMANN. 1238. Flllmore St.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards, Tenth and Bryant sts.
KLONDIKE dogs: also Great Danes ami Fox
terriers. KILLIP"S Sale Yard. 1730 Market St.
CHEAPEST and best Klondike stoves In the
world. HOLMES Si CO.. 416-418 Jackson st.
DOGS for Klondike; three Scotch collies, broke
for work.- C. KRAMER, 400 Pacific st - •'.-•
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY; Battery and Jackson sts.
OCEAN or river steamers, -salllnk vessels : an<S
launches' for rale. •- H. G. SHAW, 4 Butter.
. - I- DENTISTS. ■ >/"■■.[■ .--
A FULL set of teeth, $6; see new flexible
plates; light and thin: warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown' and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St. ; telephone Jessie 1132..
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact; full set of teeth, $. . up; silver
fillings, 25c. up; gold crowns, $3 50 up: your,
teeth put in without a plate, open evenings.
997 Market St., cor. Sixth: 'Phone Jessie 1695.
NEW YORK Dentists— Painless extraction," 50c:
plates, $5: gold filling, 75c up; silver. 2Sc up;
plates mended. $1 up; open evenlnea and
Sundays. 969 Mission st., cor. Sixth. -
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st., nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
' Ist, discoverer of painless • extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
OHIO Dental Parlors have removed from 906 to
819 Market St., Academy of Sciences building,
rooms 30. 31 and 32, fifth floor. ______
L. A TEAGUE. A. CANE and P. TEAGUE,
removed to Call bldg.. 6th' floor, rma. 603 : 607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st. ... ■ ' - •
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. ; H. •C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. ■■
615 LARKIN Branch office of. The Call.
Subscriptions and —nnt ads talfn.
LOST.
FOX terrier dog: black head with white stripe
down center; black hind leg; tag 1749; re-
ward, r ■ 2414 California st. '
LOST— Large black Newfoundland dog; white
breast; answers to .name of Mollkoff; $25 re-
ward. 4 Eighth st.
LOST— plain black purse, bet. Tenth ' and
Twelfth fin., on Howard. Return to 284 Va-
lencia st.; reward. . -
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. in the
name of MRS. ANNIE REGAN. No. 135. 605.
The finder will please return to 'the bank.
' CASH given for old gold and silver Jewelry- at
UNCLE HARRIS:. 15 Grant aye. .
BOMBS. 7 " ,
FOlT~Saie^Cheap young horse, bay, : sound,
good traveler; suitable for delivery wagon;
about 1100 pounds. 3C73 Nineteenth St., near
Valencia. ■■-. ■' • J ■■' * *•-- - __J •
TO rent— A stable for livery or dairy business;
good location. Address box 2728/ Call office...
HORSES, harness,' laundry, express wagons of
all • kinds, buggies, carts bought, sold. . ex-
changed at Emporium, 220 -Valencia st. ■■■'. ■".'.-,•
WANTED— old horses free from disease-
nnd physic for feed for the animals. Ad-
dress Manager of the Zoo. Chutes, city. .. ;
40 HORSES for sale: also •■■wagons.:, buggies.
carts, - harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 527 'Sixth St.. auction sales every ■■ wed-
nwday. • ST'LLTV * V *• DOYI.B. A lnhere.
: WAGONS AND /CARRIAGES: .
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for rash or installments: 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. . 823 . Harrison st. < ; "'.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 26, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL . OVER ; TOWN— — — — — — —
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
' HOWELL. 10 Montgomery. ';.' '
HOUSE to let; partly furnished; 8 rooms; $45.
727 Ashbury st. ' ' ■ <■ '■'■■ - .- ' .;'
$25— HOUSE and large barn, 0 stalls; 126 Clara
. st. NICOL, 410- Kearny . st. . .
$S— A REAR. house, of 4 rooms; newly reno-
vated; water free. : IS Natoma st. -■-■-.■■■--• ■
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms, bath; fine basement; rent
$20. 2915 Bush st. ' -. '
' 4 ROOMS $10, or will sell $50 cash: balance $12
per mo.vTHE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market St.-
i^i'.r FLATS TO LET.,
ELEGANT top flat: 5 rooms, bath; latest im-
provements. 145 Grove St., near City Hall.
FELL, 1118— Upper flat 6 sunny rooms; alcove
parlors, etc. . . ' ■ •'*
MODERN .".-room flat. 125 Ash aye., bet. Polk
and Van Ness, near McAllister. .
NINTH, 241— Modern bay-window flat, 4 rooms
and bath; $15. . ■ •■ ■
RING up 'Phone Brown 323 if you wish to bor-
row money.- Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
SUNNY flat, 5 large rooms; modern improve-
ments. 27 Elgin Park. ________
TO Let— 29ll California St., bet. Broderlck and
Baker, upper sunny flat of 7 rooms and bath;
enclosed porch, large basement, -with fin-
ished room: ulso garden. MADIbON &. |
BURKE. Agents. ■.-.'. • " ;
SUNNY bay-window ■ corner flat of .7 rooms,
bath, gas, yard. Northeast cor. Dolores and ,
Fifteenth sts^ . £_
1 ''■ TWENTY-FIRST, 3217, : near Mission— 4 rooms;
rent 512. ; ' ,• ■■ ■ ; • " ■ :
. 4 AND I room flats on Twelfth st. and_ Glen
Park aye., $13, $14, $15, $1S and $23 80. DEMP-
! STER. 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth st. 
j $40— NEW upper flat, 7 rooms, bath. 1125 Tay-
lor St., near Clay. . .
i $7— SUNNY lower flat. 3 rooms.' 31 Rondel, off'
Sixteenth, near. Valencia, : . . ..
'■ 113— NICE sunny flat, 5 rooms, bath; gas and
I yard. 3330 Nineteenth, bet. Sanchez and Noe..
• I tI3— WATER free: sunny lower 4-room fiat;
; ! modern; large lot: garden. 4C75 Twenty-third
St., few steps from Castro: care key 4071.
; ' $30— LOVELY new sunny upper flat, 7 rooms
' I ■ and bath. 2324 Butter st. ' ■ ' ■
; 615 LARKIN-Branch "office of The Call. Sub-
. scriptlons and want ads taken.
• ~r x : FURNISHED FLATS. -
; : $40— WATER free; flrst-cl&fs corner flat, 8
' j rooms 6 fronting streets: well furnished. Ad-
• I dress 120 Sutter st., room 27.
HOISDKEKPISG ROOMS.
DIAMOND, H6-3 large sunny unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; bay-window; ,bath;
♦price $9; Castro or Twenty-fourth st. cars.
EDDY 915— or 4 unfurnished or furnished
. room's; gas; range; fine location; private resi-
dence. ' ________ _j . ,1
EDDY Sunny, nicely furnished connecting
housekpg. rms. ; gas, range; splendid location.
FIFTH 309— New house; nicely furnished
suites'; regular. Kitchen; run'ng. water; $12 up.
FIFTH ' 42S">— Front room and kitchen com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 311— Large alcove front
rooms for housekeeping; running water; -gas-
range; rent reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE. 820— Sunny furnished flat;
bay window; for housekeeping. •'-..•
GEARY, 729— Five unfurnished sunny rooms;
upper part; yard; rear. • j
GROVE, 202, cor. Van Ness aye.— Sunny un-
furnished 3-room suites with gaa stove. -
HARRISON, 94G— Nice sunny front rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; also single rooms;
reasonable. - •
HICKORY aye., 106, near Franklin— 2 nicely
furnished sunny rooms for housekpg; cheap.
HOWARD, 504—2 sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping; bath and gas; very reasonable.
HOWARD. 1138, - bet. Seventh and Eighth-
Sunny front room; kitchen; rent reasonable.
JESSIE, 365, near Fifth and Market— 2 sunny
housekeeping rooms, complete, • $9 per month.
LEWIS, 18, off Taylor, near Post— Large
room and kitchen; unfurnished: reasonably
MINNA, 573—1 large sunny room, yard, com-
plete; also single; cheap.- • ._
MISSION, 561, near Second— sunny ' rooms
complete for housekeeping; cheap rent.
MISSION, 1063 — Sunny rooms complete for
" housekeeping; no; objection to children.- ■ - ■
MISSION, 1217—2 large sunny furnished rooms
complete for housekeeping.; rent reasonable.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15- Grant • aye. ..'■
NINTH, 20— Sunny suite, complete for house-
keeping, $11 mo.; single, $5 up; water and gas.
O'FARRELL, 4">'.' ■— 1 or 2 unfurnished bay-
window rooms; sun all ,day ; rent reasonable.
SUITE of two nice front sunny housekeeping
rooms; two fine double folding beds; furniture
all new; rent $3 per week; suitable for 3 or
4 persons. Apply at shoe store. 562 Mission
St., between First and Second sts.
SI'NNY unfurnished rooms; marine view; $4.
266 Chestnut St.
THIRD, 309— Furnished room complete for
housekeeping, $.r.. r . to $7: sunny bedroom, $4.
THIRD Blfr-3 pleasant sunny rooms for house-
keeping, with bath: $10 per month.
THIRTKF.NTH. 326, between Mission and Va-
lencia— 2 furnished connecting rooms for
hoqgekeeptng, with yard; rent $10.
TWELFTH. 14fi — 2 pleasant sunny rooms corri-
plete for housekeeping; $12 per month.
VALl'N'i'l.\. So4r-S or 4 nice sunny bay-window
rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
527 MONTGOMERY. c O r. Clay— Open until 9:10
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
ROOMS TO LET.
iT.TOKr, 2yl McAllister— Sunny front rooms and
suites; also 3 complete for housekeeping.
-\l:l.lN<rT<>N House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect: terms reasonable.
BOND, 16, off MiHslon— Nice large front room
and kitchen; complete; $12 month; also nice
front room; suitable 1 or 2 gentleman.
BROADWAY, 700. corner Stockton— Three hand-
somely furnished connecting parlors, suitable
for doctor or dentist; has been occupied by
doctor for 14 years; reasonable rent.
BUSH 71SC— Beautiful suite and single room;
bath,' etc.; gentlemen only; private.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Newly furnished: fami-
lies and gentlemen; references given.
CENTRAL House, R2 2d— Good family A single
rms. ; day, 25, 50c; wk.. $125, $2 50; mo., $5 up.
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $S and $10 mo.; nice suites.
EPDY, 113 — Neat sunny sjngie room for gen-
tleman, $5 50.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per flight,
50c to $1: week, $2 to $6: families.
EDDY, 622—1 large furnished room- afternoon
sun: $10 to $12. .
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant unfurnished rooms to let.
IoL.-oM, 766i*>— Large furnished room, $4; all
convenience*.
GEARY, 518— Large sunny bay-window room;
sunny suites; other rooms; light housekpng.
GEARY, 667— Large, desirable nicely furnished
front room. •
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7SI Mission: select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
Il< iWARD, 715. ST. DAVID'S — 200 rooms;
BUites; single; sunny reading room; 2ac up.
MCALLISTER, 511— Nioely furtolßhed funny sin-
gle room; running water; bath; gas; reas.
MISSION, T'i:; A nice little furnished room for
man; $4 a month.
MISSION. 763— A fine large furnished front
room for gentleman.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
NEVADA House, 132 Sixth— Select rooms. $1 50
to it 50 week. $6 to $15 month; also house-
keeping^
OAK. 22— Nicely furnished modern rooms, $6
and $8 mo.; suitable for 2; nice location.
O'FARRELL, 231— Having changed hands;
rooms thoroughly renovated; reasonable.
(TFARRELL, 327— Large front room, well fur-
nished. $10: front single room, »6.
PHILADELPHIA .House, 421 Bush— Roonw:
gas; running water; $1 week up; sunny.
POLK COT— I or 2 large sunny front rooma;
kitchen if desired; very reasonable.
POLK 919— Elegant large sunny front par-
lor, $15. £_•■
POWELL, 317, formerly Cosmos Club— Ele-
gantly furnished sunny rooms; reasonable.
POWELL. 509— Two rtlcely furnished sunny
rooms adjoining; suitable for two gentlemen.
POWELL, 203 (The Montello)— Sunny suite*
and single rooms; reasonable; transient.
PINE. 920E— Neat furnished rooms; suite anJ
single; gas and bath^
SHERMAN Apartment Houfe, X 8 Eighth at.,
near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
ROOMS TO LET— Continned.
BILVER PTATE, 16-18 Mason— European; ele-
gant rooms; suite or single: t'.ay, week or
month; baths; hot and cold water; transient;
elevator.
STEVENSON, 79, next corner Second— Tailors"
workrooms to let.
STOCKTON 17 -^European; elegant rooms;
euite or single; day. week or month: baths;
hot and cold water; transient; elevator.
SUTTER 715-717-715, and 609 Hyde — Furnished
and unfurn.; choice and sunny; reasonable.
SITTER 791 (Sutherland Hotel)— Nice sunny
rooms; suites or single; elevator: moderate.
TAYLOR. 112— Suites from $3 50 week up, with
use of kitchen; SOc and 11 a day.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. poetaga
free. _______________«__«»»______.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
FELL™ 26— Sunny parlor, with lst-elass board
for 2, 535 mo.;"Blisgle rooms; gents preferred.
FOLSOM 511 -Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
FULTON 533 (The Mizpah)— A quiet family
hotel- modern sunny rooms, single and en
suite; exceptional table; terms very rea-
sonable.
FULTON, S33— Two unfurnished front rooms
with board. The Mizpah.
HYDE 408— Front sunny alcove and single
rooms: first-class board, couple, $36 mo^up.
! HYIIF 9959 9 5 Sunny suites; first-class board;
quiet; homelike. MRS. T. W. BROTHER-
TON.
SOUTH PARK. :59— Good table board. $3 per
week, with nice sunny front room, $4 week-
TURK 81°— Nice room two gentlemen: bath;
gas; 'grate: boar.i; private family; $35.
VAN NES.~ aye., ■' v Beautiful sunny roams;
modern; newly furnished; with board.
CHILDREN* HOARDED.
GERMAN lady without children would like 1
or 2 children to board; a mother's care. Ad-
dress 13* Harrison aye., oft Folsom, bet.
Seventh and Eighth. ' ' " '
CHILD to board in family; mother's care;
terms moderate. 312 Hickory aye.
\N elderly lady will take infants to board; a
.' mother's care: references. 234V5 Sixth sc.
SIMMER RESORTS^
ELEGANTLY furnished hotel In Mill Valley,
30 rooms, baths and all latest Improvements;
beautiful grounds; unsurpassed view; only
m. hour from San Francisco: rent low. Par-
ticulars, MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market.
~~ EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, | typ-
■ ing telegraphy, languages, ; English branch-
es- electrical civil and mining engineering:
surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100
graduates placed since 1532; catalogue.
AIRES' • Business College, 723 Market St. ;
individual instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
" ship, $50; low rates per week- and month. 1
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing • mech. survey, assay, arehit.: day & eve.;
est.' 1564. VAN PER NAILEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and . rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you
. thorough. Room 572. 855 Market st.
WEBSTER. 21074— Piano teacher; studied in
Paris; terms reasonable; best references.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket St.; 124 positions in '96: 103 in .'97.
GUITAR mandolin, piano and" vocal lessons,
$3 per month. MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.,
VOICE culture piano, Paris graduate: French.'
Spanish; new classes; $2 mo. 109 Taylor at.
615 PARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and wnnt ads taken.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WHAT'S THAT? " ~ YOU~ARE?
GOING TO BUY A PIANO?
WELL NOW. WHAT DO YOU "VANT?
A piano made in ISOS, with every dollar ex-
pended on the instrument, modern in ' every
respect, with all the late attachments, or the
same old piano made from 1849 scales?
I have a piano to sell that 1 will guarantee
from top to bottom and will , back It with
every dollar I have.. As I own my own build-
Ing and store, and as the manufacturers also
back this instrument with $2,000,000, this, I
' think, a good guarantee. ■ -• t;;-. - ,•; —
The piano is the King3bury.
The price is --'"> -*.:••*■ ■
The address is 560 Hayes st. ■> .
The firm Is J. HARRY SCOTT.
AS v.-« are selling good upright pianos , for $6
cash and $6 per month, we a?k you to Investi-
gate and approve .this methon,' 'Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand, uprights upon same easy
' -payments and so** good pianos $3,- $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway Dealers, corner Kearny and Butter
Fts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth ' and
Broadway, Oakjar.d. . ' ' '
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOIILER & CHASE'S.
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terras easy, prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
ONE Newhall piano J55
One Zech piano 70
One Fisclier piano 80
Twenty others at all prices.
P.ENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-20 O'Farrßll.
THE best 'pianos, the lowest prices are offered
by Zeno Mauvals Music Co.. 769 Market: agts.
for the celebrated Pecker & Son pianos.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby. Evans.
Briggs and other pianos; pee our rent. plan:
no Interest first year. 308, 310, 312 Post st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
Immense reduction for cash or on install-
ments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market st.
PIANOFORTE; bargain; square grand; cost
$200; will sell for $60. 130 Seventh st.
FINE upright cheap; for rent or Installments.
16 McAllister St., next to Hibernia Bank.
FOR SALE— A» good upright piano (full size) at
a sacrifice. Address box 2732. Call Office. .
HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
j cedented success. 216 Post st.
AGENCY Haines ■ Bros, plnnos: second-hand
pianos, $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.V"
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repr.irer. 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. 136 Ellis.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hanu machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & VVOLPMAN. 137 lieale st.
FOR SALE — St. Bernard, Great Danes, fox ter-
riers, black- French poodle dogs and bithches;
closing out kennels. R. WANNUMUACHER,
108 Fourth st.
SCHOONER yacht, 44 feet long, ''• keel boat;
good condition. Box 2764, Call office.
Laundry machinery, engines, dynamos. electri-
cal goods; new, 2d hand. Smith C 0. ,527 Mission.
FOR SALE— Two. pumps, engine and boiler
and large iron tank. Apply HAVENS &
TOEPKE. Architects. 55 Flood building.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment: 1
and 2-bowl barber washstanda,- cheap. HU~-
SCHMIDT,, 623 Golden Gate aye. .  •
COMPLETE set of tinning tools for sale cheap. '
fif.4 Mission st. ■
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters," linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ondhand. ' J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1021
: Mission St., above Sixth. -.- ,•-■■;--■
J R POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission: Tel. So. 757.
WHISKY, '" Kentucky. '97: bonded warehouse,
San Francisco; 39c gallon. Address STAND-
ARD LIQUOR CO., San Francisco.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE, s^B Mission st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 633 Sacramento.
S \FE£— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 8. F.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10: Records, per doz.;
Projectoscope, 3100. Baclgalupl. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truok, letter-press,.
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc..
bought and gold.: 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, '-'exchanged, s rented;
i repairing; lowest rates. ' 205 Fourth st. ,-;:•-
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, -repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth st;: phone Mint 45.
. -r I.LLAL JipTICKS. , . .
CITY and County; Treasury. San \ Francisco.
■ March 16,- IMS— In compliance with the provis-
ions of section 5 of order 1598 of the Board of
Supervisors, . approved September 15, - 1880.
there will be sold at public auction by E. S.
Spear '& Co., at their salesrooms, 31 1 and 33
Butter street, on •■ • - ■■' '■ ■-.-;• ' ,:, ; .
- ■ . • - MONDAY, APRIL IS, 1898.
At' 10 o'clock a. m., sundry articles of stolen,
lost and unclaimed property recovered by the
■ police force ■of : San Francisco, as detailed ill
• an Inventory thereof on file In ■ the; office ; of
■ the clerk of ; the Board of Supervisors, and
consisting of Jewelry, ; wearing apparel. pis-
• tols, knives, etc. ; also a lot of trunks, valises,
clothing, etc., property 'of deceased persona
received from- the , Coroner i of : this : city and
county. ' '■ Open for Inspection on mcrnlng ,of ■
Ba le. - A. C. WIDBER,
City and County, Treasurer, v
CITY RE..L ESTATE.^
CHEAP house and lot on Elsie or Cherubusco
st., near Cortland aye.; lot 25x70, with neat
• fi-room house In good order; only $li>oo. Ap-
. Ily;to C. S. CAPP & C 0... Real Estate
Agents, 630 Market st. ; .
LADIES accommodated with money' at home.
■ Ring up Uncle Harris. 'Phone Brown 323.
COUNTRY REAL, ESTATE.
12000; REDUCED from $3500 to make a quick
sale; 22 acres in Santa Clara County; 1 mile
from railroad; 313 1 • acres fruit and vines;
plenty of wood; fine trout stream; 12 acres
can be irrigated; good house of 7 rooms; barn
and outbuildings; some personal • property;
great bargain. GAMAN & LYON, 215 Kearny.
BREWERY for sale— Located in large town,
• central Alameda County; capacity 25 barrels
per day; complete running order; building 40x
90, thoroughly well built, and outbuildings;
lot central corner, 250x225; everything re-
quired In the business; sold only because of
bad health and age of the owner; low price
and easy terms. Purchasers address C, box
2775, Call office. '
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
40 ACRES best Napa County wine land for sale
very cheap: this place is a good business lo-
cation. Address MRS. B. HOERMANN. Mel-
rose. Cal. ;
COUNTRY home to .let in Santa Clara Co.. bet.
Stanford University and Mountain View; 1
mile from May field: house 7 rooms: 2 cottages
4 rooms; garden, orchard, etc; will rent low
for 1 or 3 years to suitable tenant. Apply C.
S. CAPP & CO., Real Est. Agts., 630 Market.
FOR sale— l3s acres: fine virgin redwood and
line timber: near L. E. White's railroad at
Elk. Mendocino Count'- consisting of the NE.
M of S\V. % of Sec. 31. township 14 N., range
15 west. For full particulars as to price, etc.,
apply to A CI-OCKERS. Navarro, Cal.
WRITE for list; good land. $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. Cal.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE-
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms: 4s minutes,
from the city, cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market st.
I'UOI'EUTV 1O IXC^ANUK
100 RANCHES; 3to 2500 acres; all prices. '
25 houses and lots, from $500 to $25,000
2 stores and 6-room flat: in city '.. 5,000
3 flats in Chicago; good street 6,500
House, 6 rooms: lot 100x160; in Stockton. 3,000
76-acre resort; hotel and hot springs.... 40,000
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth, S. F.
FOR sale or exchange for improved San Fran-
cisco property, a beautiful residence In Ala-
meda. house of 10 rooms, with fine artesian
well, tank house and stable: also a variety of
fruit trees and grape vines; place 100 feet
front by 212 feet deep, with an L 20x75 feet;
value $10,000. 1218 Broadway. Alameda.
PROPERTY to exchange— acres of grain
• and fruit land in Tehama • County. 3V& miles
from railroad station, to exchange for resi-
d ence in San Francisco in residence portion
. of the city; land valued nt $20,000; free of in-
cumbrance; residence offered for exchange
must be unincumbered. Address box 232, Sac-
ramento, Cal. l ' '
WHAT have you to exchange for East Berke-
ley residence lot? furniture preferred. EX,
■ 106 Eleventh • St.- ' - ■ ■'■.■-•-
HkOXEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at CV4 per cent on real estate;
23 and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in
probate, life insurance, goods in warehouse, '
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mc-
COLGAN. 24. Montgomery St., room 3. . , ,
LOANS on furniture or pianos, in S. ■ F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest, rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
• NOON AN,' 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. . South 14. : ....
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal: mdse In storage; life Ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc.; low in-
terest: private; no com. R. 68, 1170 Market.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st; tel. Green 204.
$5 UP ' to any amount on Indorsed . paper.
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
Btrlctly confidential: private offices. M. B.
DOUGAN & CO.. 230 Kearny st. ; upstairs.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-.
moval; low rates: no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st. : .
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St., upstairs; strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established 1569.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount:
lowest rates. Becker. & Co., 32S Montgomery.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. - Room 7. 508 California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.:
I any proposition. '• Dryden, 413 Montgomery ■ st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist And mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 628 Market st.
ON pianos.- furniture: no removal; lowest
• rates: no com.; private. 116 McAllister St.
SIXTH, Most reliable place to borrow
money: diamond* and Jewelry. .
FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.: lowest
rates. Mi-AFER BPOS., IPS Montgomery st.
. PAWNBBOKEBB.
SAVE interest and borrow from the CUT RATE
LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason St.: private rooma.
MONEY 'WANTED.
Jlooo— V.'anted in manufacturing business: 5000
shares of stock; security. 1309 Broadway,
Oakland. •
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and "quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid;. sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; -cure sent: call or write; free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES.- 59
McAllister st.; pills. $2.  . .. . ;,■;. ;-.-;:
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once; safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid: instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home in confinement;
best care and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where;- regulating pills and capsules. $1.
MRS. DR. WEYTH. m Post st., nr. Larkin.
DRS GOODWIN. ■Wl Van Ness aye.— Ladles,
near or far, consult free the only doctor who
ÜBes Schenck's method, the celebrated French
rhysician; a safe, pure and reliable cure for
all Irregularities from whatever cause; re-
stores strength and vigor of organs; unex-
celled- 15 years' practice: maternity home;
best skill, low fees; pi II s,_ $2.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find In her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER, 226_Turkjt.
SURE cure, when others fail; no medicine or
instruments; every woman her. own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause; restore In 1 day: never fails; consulta-
tion free; can be cent and used at home. DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny; orders by telegram.
~A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause): no Instruments used; cure at of-
fice $5; consultation free: hours 10 to 5. DR.
AND MRS. KOHL, Ills Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
11 80. RTCHARDS & CO., 406 Clay st.: send
2.- stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 531 X st., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAT/'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; Infallible, safe rem-
edies: 3S years' experience. 254',» Fourth st.
DR. HALL, 59 McAllister St.; diseases of wo-
men and children.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. Hlfi Sth St.. Alnmeda.
CARPED CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves lays rarpcts. G. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
3* and 40 Eight i St.: telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with pot>r work
*. nil to SPAL'LDINU'S Pioneer Carpet-
b.'ating Work*, H.'i3-:.7 Tehama St.: tel. So. 40.
J WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating,
alteration works, 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter;
tel. Main 3T'4. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c. per yard; relaid at 3c.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.'
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet - Cleaning
Works. 14 Sth St. B. GRANT; tel. Jessie 101.
J!~E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.: cleaning, 3c. a yard: tel. Mission 74.
COXKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. : tel. East 12fi.
STORAGE.
Xt low rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods: clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN, 1017 to 10i*
Mission St., above Sixth: open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made; fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS. 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DO.NNELL, office and residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOUR special bargains in new houses just
completed, ranging in price from JISOO to
$4000; they arc ideal homes, with the latest
design and improvements; near local stations,
car lines, schools, etc.; must be sold at once;
be sure and examine these properties be-
fore purchasing; photographs and special de-
scriptions as to location will be mailed free
of charge. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway.
Oakland. •
MUST be sold— Corner lot. 100x150, with 5
houses, bringing .In a rental of $35 per month:
only one block from narrow gauge depot;
will be sold in whole or part: offer wanted.
J. CALLAGHAN, Sl4 Broadway. Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAND FURNITURE^ FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store. 403
Eleventh st.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL home in Alameda. half a block
from station, narrow gauge: house 5 rooms
and bath; lot 50x125; choTce flowers; price
$1580; $30 down; balance $15 per month. Box
2560, Call office : __
$750— Lot 50x270; modern cottage 5 rooms, near
school house.
$1200— Sacrifice; corner lot 35x140; good house of
6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
$1600— Lot 50x130: fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath: near Chestnut station.
J2550— 51.".0 cash; 525 per month: lot 40x150; only
2 blocks from station and ntgn school.
$3750— New house of 7 rooms and bath; lot
42x150: choice location: very easy terms.
Houses to let in all part:? of Alameda.
H. I. MQHKAL & CO., 1432 Park st.
BBBKKUftT REAL LSTATK.
A THOROUGHLY well-built house of 7 rooms;
large lot; street work done; near university;
easy terms. JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Es-
tate, Berkeley station.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
BORN.
DE FLANDRE— In this city, March 21, 1898, to
the wife of Charles de Flandre. a uaughter.
GIANOLA— In Vescadero, March IS, 1898, to
the wife of C. Gianola, a son.
GRIMES— Near Watsonville, March 18, IS9S, to
the wife of Thomas Grimes, a son.
HICKLING— In Salinas, March 22, IS9S, to the
wife of William Hickling, a daughter.
LAYMON— Near Hilltown, March 19, IS9S. to
the wife of Neil Laymon, a son.
McDEVITT— In this city. March 23, IS9S, to the
wife of E. J. McDevitt, a son.
OWENS— In this city, March LM, IS9B, to the
wife of James Owens, a son.
PERRY— In San Jose, March 23. 1898, to the
wife of James H. Perry, a daughter.
STAFFORD— In Alameda, March 23, IS9B, to
the wife of Dr. A. A. Stafford, a son.
VALLAINT— In this city. March 22. IS9S, to the
wife of Frank P. Vallaim, a son. :
MARRIED.
ANDERSON— McFALL— In this city, March 22,
1898, by Justice Kerrigan, Louis William An-
derson and Sadie McFall, both of San Fran-
cisco.
VAN EVERY— JOYNER— In this city, March
24, IS9S, by the Rev. J. M. Van Every, Os-
mond Van Every of Oakland, son of the
officiating clergyman, and Francos L. Joy-
ner of San Francisco.
WELLS— MAY— In Redwood City. March 12,
1898, by the Rev. F. H. Maar, Charles Fred-
erick Wells and Carrie May.
YOUNGBERG— LUNT— In Alameda, March 23,
1898, by the Rev. G. R. Dodson, Frederick
C. Youngberar and Gus-sie Olita Lum.
DIED.-
Aigner, Franrrs Hoffmann, Christian
Anderson, Botopia Kasson, Chester 3.
Armanino, Joseph Knmvland, Miriam,
Barker, Isaac Lee, Jennie
Broderick, Katie E. McGrath, John J.
Brown, George E. McHugh, Margaret
Conley, Thomas Manuel, Annie
Corcoran, Michael T. Martin, Mattie
Corrigan, John Meyer, Frederick* C.
Dabovich, Irene M<>rey. Wellington E.
Darling, John E. Moss, George
De Rom, Edna M. Murray. Honora
Dixon, Sarah A. Owens (infant)
Duck, John Scheib, George
Farri'll, Julia Schweitzer, Jacob
Frutlg, Mrs. Emma Searles, William A.
Gaughran, Maggie Talbot, Simeon
Glottoninl, Mrs. L. Tiipp, Adelbert G.
Gookin, Thomas Vermylen, Anna A.
Griffith, Francisca A. Wahlin, A. G. H.
Harm, Otto Wi.ienmann, Carl F.
Hart. Mary H. Wilson, Charles
Hildebrand Kathrina Wolfe, Mary
Hildebrand, Solomon
AIC.NER— In this city. March 25. IS9S. Fran-
ces, beloved daughter of Lucas and Annie
Aigner, and sister of Mrs. F. Jennings and
Josephine, Elizabeth. Alvise and Felix Aig-
ner, a native of San Francisco, aged 5
months and 5 days.
ANDERSON— In Oakland, Marcn 24, ISPS, So-
loma Anderson, aunt of Margaret Dohle, a
native of Alsace-Lorraine, France, aged 80
years 1 month and 24 days.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, corner Twelfth and Washington streets,
Oakland, under the auspices of Oak Leaf
Chapter No. 8. O. E. S. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
ARMANINO— In this c4ty, March 24, IS9S. Jo-
seph Armanino, a native of Italy, -aged 33
years.
C^Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock sharp, from the hall
of Court Alcatraz No. 7749, A. O. F., Union
street, corner of Stockton. Members of said
court are notified to attend. Fines for non-
attendance will be enforced.
BARKER— In this city, March 25, 1898, Isaac,
beloved husband of Mary O. Barker, and
father of Ralph Barker, and brother of Henry
Barker, a native of Antrim, N. H., aged 74
years 5 months and 2 days.
tC7"Notlce of funeral hereafter,
BRODERICK— In this city, March 24, IS9B.
Katie E., beloved daughter of the late John
and Ellen Broderick, and sister of Llllie and
Eva Broderick and Mrs. J. B. Moran, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 23" years 9 months
and 3 days.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 31 Sheridan street, between Ninth
and Tenth, Folsom and Harrison. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
BROWN— In this city, March 25, 1898, George
C. Brown, a native of San Francisco, aged
37 years and 8 months.
CONLEY— In this city, March 24, 1898, Thomas
H., beloved husband of Julia Conley, a na-
tive of Liverpool, England, aged 42 v-ears.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Gantner & Guntz, 8 and 10 City Hall
square, thence to St. Patrick's Church. Mis-
sion street, between Third and Fourth, for
services, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CORCORAN— In this ■ city, March 2.'), 189 S.
Michael T., beloved husband of the late Ann
Corcoran, and father of Mrs. Charles Rlley,
Mrs. James Hughes and Mary Corcoran, a
native of Ireland, aged 69 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the residence
of Charles Riley. 401 Bryant street, thence
to St. Rose's Church. Brannan street, be-
tween Fourth and Fifth, where services will
be held. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CORRIGAN— In this city. March 25, IS3B, John
Corrigan, a native of Ireland, aged 61 years.
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Hospital, thence to St. Brendan's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
DABOVICH— In this city. March 25. IS9S. Irene,
dearly beloved and only i ild of Martin and
Catharine Dabovich, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 3 months and 24 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 405 Walnut street, between
California and Sacramento. Interment I. O,
O. F. Cemetery.
DARLING— In this city. March 2a, 1898, John
Edward, beloved and only son of John H.
and Annie Darling, and brother of Grace
and Florence Darling, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 years 11 months and 9 days.
DE ROIN— In this city. March 25, 1898, Edna
Maria, Infant daughter of Ed E. and Martha
J. de Rom, a native of San Francisco, aged
8 months and 15 days.
!DIXON— In this city. March 25, IS9B, Sarah
A., wife of the late Richard Dlxon. and
mother of Mrs. Sarah Hartnett. Mrs. M.
East on and Lucy, Samuel W., Thomas? R.,
Walter 0., John M.. James and Joseph
Dixon, a native of Liverpool, England, aged
67 years 4 months and 22 days.
DUCK— In this city, March 25, 1898. John
Duck, brother of Sirs. Margaret Burns, and
uncle of Mary, Patrick and John Burns, a na-
tive of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged
66 years.
(G^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his lav- resi-
dence, 342 Cumberland street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church. Sixteenth and Dolores
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of. his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
FARRELL— In Oakland, March 24, 1898, Julia,
beloved wife of Peter Farrell, and daughter
of William and the late Bridget "Walsh, a na-
tive of Callfcrnia, aged B years and 6
months.
FRUTIG— In Gi!roy. March 21, IS9B, Mrs.
Emma Frutig. aged 40 years.
GAUGHRAN— In this city. March 24. IS9S,
Maggie, dearly beloved daughter of James
and ' Mary Gaughran. and sister of John.
Jennie. James, Teresa. Robert, Joseph ana
Frances Gaughran, Mrs. T. F. Bannon and
Mrs. T. W. Kelly of Santa Cruz, a native or
t-an Francisco.
(Cs"Friends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully nivited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, 2437 Harrison street, thence to M.
peter-.jp eter -.j Church, where a solemn requiera
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock, ln-
nrment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GIOTTI iNINI— Near Chualar, March 23, 1898,
.Mrs. Lootam Giottonlnl, aged 28 years and 6
months.
GOOKIN-In this city, March 24, IS9S, Thomas
P., dearly beloved husband of Lena Gookln.
father of. Mrs. Albert Kelshaw and Carrie
Gookin. and stepfather of Mrs. S. Luelling
• and Charles W. and Fred Keil. a native of
Portsmouth. N. H., aged 73 years 10 months
and IS .'.ay.;. '
IT?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attentl the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 27 Washington avenue, between Ninth
and Tenth, Mission and Howard streets. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
GRIFFITH— In Merced, March 19, IS9S, Fran-
cisca A. Griffith, aged 65 years 9 months and
10 days.
HART— In this city, March 25. 898, Mary K.
Hart, beloved mother of Alfred H. Sinclair
and the late Mrs. J. M..Mooney, a native of
London, England, aged 74 years and 11
months.
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow.
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence .
of A. H. Sinclair. 632 San Jose avenue. In- ■
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HANN— In this city, March 24. Otto Oscar.,
dearly beloved son of Charles i C. W. and
Emma Harm, a native of San Francisco, aged
• 2 years and 9 months. . .
HILDEBRAND— In this city. March 23. 1898, .
Katharina, beloved wife of George Hilde- "
brand, sister of Marie Schmidt, and mother •.
of George H. and Henry Tletjen, Mrs. Harry .
ReUhstetter and Emll, Adolph, Otto and
Leland Hildebran.l. a native ' of Merken- ;
fritz, Heaven-Darmstadt* Germany, aged 51 _
years 7 months and 5 days.
lE3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited. to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1619 Powell street, thence to St. Mar-
kus Lutheran Church, Parrel! street, be- .
tween Franklin and Gough. where the funeral
services will be held. - commencing at 2:30
o' clock. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.. \.
HILDEBRAND— In the City and County Hos-
pital. March 23, 1898, Solomon J. Hildebrand,
a native of Pennsylvania, aged BO years.
H< >FFMANN— Watsonvllle, . March 18,
189S, Christian P. Hoffmann, a native of
Denmark, aged 49 .years.
KASSON— In this city, March 23, ISM, Chester
Steele Kasson, a native of Vermont, aged
72 years. ■ .
■ tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully- invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral :
: parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. ...
Funeral under the auspices of Pocahontas
Tribe No. 11. Imp. O. R. M.. and Postofflea
employes. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme- .
tery. . ~ ...
KNOWLAND— In Alameda. March ' 25, IS9S,
Miriam Fife Knowland, daughter of Mr. and .
Mrs. J. R. Knowland, aged 7 months. . ,
LEE— In this city, March 23. 1898. Jennie, be- '
loved wife of Alvin H. Lee, a native of Ire- !
land, aged 27 years. . ■ ; < ■ ,
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Golden Gate Undertaking Company, . 2429
Mission street, near Twenty-first. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. ■ • ,
McGRATH— In Mendocino, March 24, IS3B,
John J., beloved son of Edward McGrath.
and brother of Mrs. E. T. O1O 1 Day, a native •
of New York City, aged 39 years. ■ •
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his father, 24 Pearl street, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, Tenth street, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme- ■
tery. -."■.:_-> , ■ :'A
McHUGH— this Uty, March 23. 1898, Mar-
garet MeHugh, beloved mother of John Mc-
Hugh. Francis Rlelly, Mrs. John FannoTi .
and Mrs. Ellen Qulnn, a native of the parish .
of Kildallen, County Cavan, Ireland, aged
SO years. •
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect- ,
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday),' at 9 o'clock, from the residence •
of her son. Francis Rlelly. 15 Rincon place,
thence to St. Brendan's Church, off Harrison
street, near First, where a solemn requiem '
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In- .
terment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland, by •
the. 11 o'clock creek boat. Please omit flow-
MANUEL— this city, March 25, IS!*, Annie,
beloved wife of Rupert Manuel, a native of
New York, - aged 47 years.
MARTIN— In this city, March 23. 1898, Wattle,
beloved daughter of Mrs. Ella Martin, grand-
daughter of Mrs. Matilda Harris, niece of B. ■
H. Harris, and sister of Mrs. R. Keeling, a
native of Richmond, Va., aged 17 years 2
months and 20 days.
(TTFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of j
her mother, 1401 Jackson street. Interment •
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MEYER— In Oakland, March 24, IS9B. Fred-
erick Conrad, dearly beloved son of F. G. and
Elsie Meyer, and brother of Otto, Florence,
Elsie. Gertrude and Willie Meyer, a native
of San Francisco, aged 10 years and 6 months. •
MOREY— In this city, March 23, IS9S, Welling-
ton E. Morey, a native of Michigan, aged 63
years 5 months and 8 days.
MOSS— Moss, a native of Appleby,
Westmoreland, England, aged 60 years 8
months and 2 days.
MURRAY— In this city, at the Potrero, March •
« 25 IS3B, Honora, dearly beloved wife of the
late Timothy Murray, mother of Mary E. *
Murrray, and sister-in-law of Mrs. H. Baker
and Mrs. M. Sexton, a native of the parish i
of Disslk, County Cork, Ireland, ased 56 '
years 11 months and 9 days.
IC?Friends and acquaintances are respect- .
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 7:45 o'clock, from her late resi- •
dence, 722 Twenty-second street, corner of
Tennessee, Potrero, thence to St. Teresa's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, at 8:15
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. ,
OWENS— In this city, March 24, 189S, Infant' son
of James and Kate Owens.
SCHEIB— In Oakland, March 25, IS9S, George,
beloved husband of Catherine Scheib. a na-
tive of Bavaria, Germany, aged 49 years 10
months and 2 days. (Sacramento papers ;
please copy.) • ;"'.;'.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow r
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late rest- ;
dence, 1376 Seventeenth street, Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery. ■ ' •
SCHWEITZER— In this city, March 24, 1898, i
Jacob, beloved husband of Dora Schweitzer,
and father of Mrs. Jules Willard. Mrs. •
Henry Mayer, Mrs. M. Hirsch and Monroe, ;
' Melville, Daisy, Hilda and Edna Schweitzer,
a native of Germany, aged 64 years and 8 •
months. ■
[CTFiiends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 1117 Post street. Interment Home of _
Peace Cemetery, by special train at 2:45
o'clock from Third and Townsend streets.
Please omit flowers. . ; .<■'■/«
SEARLES— In this city. March 25, IS9B, Wil-
liam A., dearly beloved husband of Margaret-
B and father of William A. Jr. and Hattle
l! Searles. a native of Boston, Mass., aged
€7 years and 7 months. '■" ■
TALBOT— this city, March 23, IS9S. Simeon,
husband of Bessie Talbot, a native of Maine, ,
aged 73 years. ■ '
IC?"Notice of funeral hereafter. .
TRIPP— In this city, March 25, IS9B, Adelbert -
G., beloved - husband- of Mary Tripp, a na-
tive of Wisconsin, aged 60 years. - ■
VERMYLEN— In San Jose, March 23. 1898, Sis-
ter Alphonsc Marie (Anna Aloyse Vermylen), ■"•
a native of Belgium, aged 85 years 2 months
and 11 days. :.
WAHLIN— In this city, March 23. 1898, A. G.
H beloved husband of Ammanda Wahlln. ;
father of Arthur, brother of John, Bernard.
Hugo and Fred Wahlin, and brother-in-law .'.
of Mr. Hendrickson, a native of . Oland.
Sweden, aged 3S years. . , -
(E^Friends and acquaintances are respect- 1
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at . 2 o'clock, from the Pythian ■
Castle, 909 Market street, under. the auspices
of the Swedish Society. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. . - • > i
WIDENMANN— In Sierra Madre, March 21, '
1898, Carl Frederick Wldenmann, a native of
Germany, aged 21 years. -i
WILSON— In this city, March 24, 1898, Charles ":
Wilson, father of Mrs. Annie Etheridge of
Chicago, 111., a native of New York City,
aged 73 years. . (New York , and Chicago, pa--
pers please copy.) '.' .... ".
VETERAN VOLUNTEER FIREMEN'S AS-
sociation Officers and members are requested
to assemble at headquarters, 24 Fourth street,
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, to attend
the funeral of our late brother, 1 - Charles Wil-
son. STEPHEN BUNNER. President.
i JAMES PENNYCOOK, Rec. Sec.
WOLFE— In this city, March 24. IS9B, Mary, be-
loved wife of the late John Wolfe, and
, mother of Mrs. G. E. Moynes. Mrs. Edward
Bolger of Wardner.: ldaho." and the late John
'' Wolfe Jr., a native of Ireland, aged 59 years.
[C? Friends and r acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day'
■ (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of G. E. Moynes.' 943. Guerrero street, . thence -
to St. James Church, .. corner Guerrero and
Twenty-third . streets, where services will be
held. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.-; .
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. ' ' | T
FUNEKAL DIRECTORS &■ EMBALMER3 g '
£0 FIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln Sjhojl. , 9 ,
Telephone, South SO. m 8
Eetab. 1858.. V Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCHRAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers," "'■
22-24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE. '
Lady assistants. : Spacious chapel for the us«
"of our patrons. Rubber tires on our ambulance.
1516
FERRY DEPOT CONTRACTS FURNISH RICH BOOTY.
A Summary of Profits That Have Accrued to Some of the Men Who Have Found Favor
With the Honorable Gentlemen Who Have Misspent the State's Funds.
Changes Made to Promote
Easier Means of Fraud.
Plans and Specifications Ignored
Where Such Action Would
Aid the Scramble for
Plunder.
For a series of days the duty of call-
Ing attention to the manner of con-
struction employed in giving to the
gtate the ferry depot for which it had
voted a liberal appropriation, has oc-
cupied some space and attention,
Neither has been wasted. Charges that
public money was being squandered,
that contractors with the connivance
of the Harbor Commissioners had been
lining their pockets, that the completed
structure will be a sham, a monument
'to shameless fraud, have been fully
established.
It is fair to say that the first cvi-
dence of crookedness, leading to a
studied and unbiased investigation, only
gave an inkling of the whole truth,
Every clew followed has led directly
to some abuse of the confidence re-
posed in the Commissioners. Little
wonder that taxpayers are indignant
and that the cornered rogues are try-
ing to shift responsibility, and raise a
storm of protest behind which they
may hide. Not only have they been
caught and exposed, but they have
been clearly proved guilty of acts which
seem to have all the color of crime. As
to this point there is a duly consti-
tuted body upon which the task of final
determination must fall. Reference is
had to the Grand Jury.
To the eye the depot presents an as-
pect imposing and almost noble. It
stands as a gateway through which all
traffic between San Francisco and the
East must pass. Naturally it is the
first tangible shape upon which the
gaze of the traveler rests, and in leav-
ing the city it is the last thing, save
the lights and the outlined hills, to be
seen. As a commercial focus it was
deemed that it should be of grand
proportions, of the best material and of
the finest workmanship. It has these
proportions; nothing more. From the
foundation to the highest stone in the
tower the structure is a cheat. In
every department of construction so
far as yet looked into, there has been
the practice of fraud, open, shameless,
palpable. Denial is worse than use-
less. So long had the wrongding pro-
gressed undetected that the wrongdoers
had grown bold. They looted in fan-
cied security, and now their golden
dreams have been rudely dissipated,
But they have the gold.
There seems to have been from the
first an implied understanding that a
contractor undertaking to do certain
■work at a price utterly ruinous to him-
self, provided specifications be fol-
lowed, had nothing to fear. It was to
be his privilege not only to throw
specifications to the wind but to have
a new set devised to BUit. In this man-
ncr bidders were enabled to substitute
cheap for expensive material, bad for
good workmanship, cut out such work
as they did not wish to perform, and in
the end send in a bill for "extras." A
bill of this kind represented oftentimes
an entirely fictitious outlay on the part
of the contractor. In other words,
when his friends of the Harbor Com-
mission allowed him to make such
changes as he could well have afforded
to acknowledge by a healthy reduction
from his bill, they also allowed him to
I chaxge for these changes as though
they had been an expense to him in
stead of an actual gain. Just what be
: came of this gratuity is not precisely
j known. Perhaps the Commissioners
j could be induced to lend a little light.
If the contractors were permitted to
keep it all then indeed is the generosity
\of the commission a thing past all
j comprehension. The initial swindle
j searched out relates to the stone. The
\ Pacific Bridge Company, which, so far
as this edifice is concerned, seems to
i consist of James McCarthy, had the
; contract at a figure mentioned in de-
I tail elsewhere. It was instructed to
put in stone which cost $11,000 less, but
it was paid at the original figure. The
Impression was sought to be sent
' broadcast that in accepting this gift
McCarthy was a benefactor. President
Colnon of the commission gave to this
! impression all the currency he could,
; and in an unintelligible way still de
fends it, when not engaged in defend
ing some other job equally audacious,
In the grand nave the same favored
contractor was told to put in marble
for the glazed brick he had agreed to
put in, the brick, according to every
i other bidder, being more costly. He
! was also given the privilege of sub
| stituting in the exterior end walls
; common brick worth $6 per 1000 for
, Roman pressed brick, which would
! have cost $75. He put in a floor so much
j less expensive than the one he had
i agreed to put in as to save him many
j thousands. And how much did the
: State save? Not a cent. The State
; paid McCarthy more for his cheap
j work than it had stipulated to pay for
the good work planned, and in the in
scrutable wisdom of the Commission
cast aside.
! The interior finish was to have been
j finished in oak and on this basis bids
j Were made and the contract let. Bate
man Bros, got it. They concluded they
| woui(j rather put in pine, worth about
j a quarter as much as oak. A few parti
were added, but more were cut
out Qne entire story it was decided to
]cave untouched. And the reduction?
Not a cent. The contractors had the
nerve to ask for an increase of pay,
and the archltect had the nerve to rec
j ommend it. The Commission was not
j t0 be outdone in nerve. It sanctioned the
| deal Tnis jg only one of many items
show i ngr now under the kindly tutelage
Qf thg Commission the Batemans have
fl Ouri Shed
the &alvanized iron work, which
; j Cronin ,n, n considerably at
| advance upOn the price he could
b&en heM there -s evidence of
; ft Crfmin d extm
, specified clearly in his con
lIdA l- *"" w"
j Properly done at that,
I As to the plumbing, it must be char
j acterized as rotten, unfit for any build
ing. a violation of health orinances, a
disregard for specifications, both as to
j material and workmanship. Where did
the undeserved profit go? Apparently
all to the thrifty James Duffy. Per
; haps he divided, but there will be op
j portunity later to find this out. To him
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 2(5, 1898.
I the Commissioners likely Beem a Bet of
I haloed philanthropists.
It is impossible to even mention here
I the various confidence games which
have been praticed. Seemingly there
is no end to them, except as there is a
limit to the number of contracts. Ma
sonry, wood work, iron work, steam
heating, plumbing, as well as minor
matters, each represent a distinctly
fraudulent transaction of which the
State has been the victim, and to which
the Commissioners, whose names adorn
the corner-stone of the ferry building,
have freely given or sold the boon of
official sanction.
RICH PLUMS FOR THE PLUMBER.
Experts Pronounce the Work as Com
pleted Worse Than Worthless.
While not so large in the matter of
dollars and cents as some of the other
contracts for work on the ferry build
ing, the contract for plumbing and gas
fitting has proved equally as remuner
ative as others in the matter of illegiti
mate profits.
As in other cases, this contract has
been turned into a bonanza by means
of numerous changes and omissions in
the original plans and specifications,
authorized by or acquiesced in by the
Board of Harbor Commissioners. It is
also apparent that the contractor has,
on his own motion, used inferior mate
rial and workmanship, though all of
the work has ostensibly been done un
der the eye of one or more agents of
the board and has been accepted and
paid for. The work as it stands in its
completed state, according to the pub
lished statement of Chief Plumbing
Inspector J. J. Sullivan of the Board of
Health, should be condemned as a
menace to public health. According to
this same official, who is a recognized
authority on such subjects, all of the
plumbing in the building will have to
be taken out within a year or two, as
AGGREGATE STEALINGS.
Summary of the State's Loss on Some Items
of Construction.
c. f. McCarthy, masonry contractor—
Saving to Contractor and Consequent Loss to State on Account of Changes,
Omissions and Extras $45,241
WILLIAM CRONAN, CONTRACTOR FOR GALVANIZED IRON WORK—
Saving- to Contractor and Consequent Loss to State on Account of Changes,
Omissions and Extras '. 15,000
EDWARD B. HINDS, CONTRACTOR FOR DOORS—
Loss to State by Reason of Change in Plans 4,000
BATEMAN BROS., CONTRACTORS FOR WOODWORK, ETC.—
Saving to Contractors and Consequent Loss to State on Account of Changes,
Omissions and Extras 16,947
W. W. MONTAGUE & CO., STEAM-HEATING CONTRACT—
Saving to Contractors and Consequent Loss to State on Account of Changes,
Omissions and Extras 3,935
E. JAMES DUFFY, PLUMBING CONTRACTOR—
Saving to Contractor and Consequent Loss to State on Account of Changes,
Omissions and Extras 14,856
CITY STREET IMPROVEMENT COMPANY, PAVING—
Profit on a $371 Contract 300
TOTAL (Investigations to Date) $100,279
it is utterly worthless for the purpose
for which it was intended.
A few days ago Thomas J. Ford, a
well-known expert on plumbing, was
commissioned by The Call to compare
the work as constructed with the plans
and specifications under which thecon
tract was let. His report shows that
the many changes that have been in
augurated and permitted have been
put into effect at a cost to the State of
an adequate plumbing system for a
very costly building, and at a profit to
the contractor of many thousands of
dollars.
The principal defect in the system of
plumbing as it now stands is the qual
ity of material used in the piping. The
original specifications called for cast
iron pipe. The kind that has been
used is wrought iron. Careful esti
mates show the saving of time, labor
and material due to this change to rep
resent a net cash saving to the con
tractor of $925. Instead of deducting
this amount from the amount of his
contract price when the change was
made, the Board of Harbor Commis
sioners paid the contractor $2063 extra
for doing the work. This meant a net
saving to the contractor on this one
item of almost $3000.
Another important provision In the
specifications that has been disregard
ed is that relating to vent pipes. The
specifications, as well as the regula
tions, of the Board of Health state
that all vent pipes must run through
the roof, and that none of the pipes
shall be of less diameter than four
inches. In the work as completed
many of the vent pipes do not run to
the roof and those that do are none of
them of greater diameter than two
inches. On this item of construction
the contractor saved $325.
In the fitting up of the numerous
wash basins in the building the mar
ble slabs, safes and slats called for in
the specifications have been omitted at
a saving to the contractor of $1124.
More than $1000 worth of closets have
been left out where called for, and
those that have been put in are of an
other and cheaper make than those
originally called for. Extras amount
ing to more than $5000 have been au
thorized and paid for by the Commis
sioners. In one instance the masonry
contractor was paid $1492 for doing
work included in the plumber's con
tract.
COLNON'S COSTLY SUGGESTION,
Paid a Good Price for a Pavement and
Gave Some "Boot."
A costly suggestion that is laid at
the door of Commissioner Colnon is
the substitution of artificial stone pave
ment for the bitumen originally laid
on the floor of the new ferry building.
The bituminous rock that fell under
the ban of Mr. Colnon's disapproval
was laid some time ago by the Pacific
Paving Company at a cost to the State
of 9% cents a square foot. The thick
ness of the bitumen as laid was 2%
inches. After Commissioner Colnon
had decided that a change must be
made from bitumen to artificial stone,
the City Street Improvement Company
sent in the following proposal:
"We hereby propose to pave the exits
in the new ferry building, aggregating
approximately 5125 square feet, with a
1% inch layer of Santa Cruz bitu
minous rock upon a one-inch binder
course of concrete (cement to be fur
nished by the board) for 7Vi cents a
square foot, with the understanding
that the bituminous rock now covering
the passenger waiting-room, aggregat
ing an area of 10,080 square feet, shall
belong to us after we have taken up
and removed the same."
The 2^ inches of bitumen covering
the 10,080 square feet of floor space has
been "taken up and removed." The
new work has not yet been begun. The
bargain that was made by the City
Street Improvement Company can be
seen at a glance. The State furnishes
the materials and gives them 7^4 cents
a square foot for putting down the
bitumen, and then makes them a pres
ent of enough bitumen to cover 7500
square feet of space to the depth of a
little more than an inch. In other
words, the firm gets more than ample
pay for doing the work and then gets
enough "boot" to make the job com
pare favorably with other "sugges
tions" that have emanated from the
same source.
DOORS THAT COST BIG MONEY.
One Firm Allowed to Make $4000 Without
Doing Any Work.
According to the original plans and
specifications, the doors for the various
exits and entrances to the ferry build
ing were to be constructed of the best
steel, besides being fitted with proper
counterweights and other necessary
fittings. The contract for' doing the
work was let to the Risdon Iron Works,
the price not being named, as the item
was included in the blanket bid for all
of the structural ironwork in the build
ing.
The Risdon Iron Works do not con
struct doors of this character, and in
order to make a proper estimate of the
cost so that they could include the
amount in the sum total of their bid,
the firm asked for estimates from con
tractors who made a specialty of this
kind of work. By this means it was
ascertained that the cost of the doors
would be about $8000.
After the contract had been let, th<*
Harbor Commissioners, for reasons of
their own, concluded to change the
style of the doors from steel to wood.
Satisfactory plans were submitted to
Edward B. Hinds of 411 Mission streeet,
and he was finally awarded the con
tract for furnishing the new style doors
for $5570. Negotiations were then
opened with the Risdon Iron Works,
with the result that the firm was re
leased from the necessity of carrying
out that part of their contract relating
to doors. In consideration of this re
lease, the firm consented to deduct $4000
from the total amount of their contract
price for all iron work. This was
agreed to.
By entering into this agreement, the
Harbor Commissioners allowed the
Risdon Iron Works to make a net profit
of about $4000. This being so, the wood
en doors for which Hinds was paid
$r>ii7o represent a cost to the State of
$9570, considerably more than steel
doors would have cost the Risdon Iron
Works at first hand.
— ♦— i
GALVANIZED IRON CONTRACT,
Much Profit Results From Changes, Eva
sions and' Substitutions.
The contract for doing the ropflng
and galvanized iron work on the ferry
building was let to William Cronan for
the specified sum of $43,599. Up to the
present time he has been paid some
thing more than $10,000 for extra work
at prices that allowed him to make
from 50 to 300 per cent profit on the
amount of money expended. In every
instance where he was granted author
ity for doing extra work the amounts
involved were a little less than $3000.
This enabled the Board of Harbor
Commissioners to have the work done
without the necessity of advertising for
bids, as is required by law where the
amount involved is more than $3000.
In all of the cases where extra work
was ordered on this conti .rt the esti
mates of the contractor were approved
by Architect Swain and Commissisoner
Colnon and his associates.
From time to time the original plans
and specifications under which the con
tract was let were so changed as to
permit the contractor to substitute in
ferior workmanship and materials at
a great saving to himself. The in
stances where these changes were
made and permitted are numerous and
resulted in an aggregate saving to the
contractor of considerably more than
$10,000. One of the most striking in
stances of this nature was in the man
ner in which the galvanized iron was
put on the inside and outside walls of
the rear gallery, running the entire
length of the building, and also on the
inner walls of the wating room on the
first floor.
The specifications under which the
contract was awarded specifically re
quire that the galvanized iron cover
ing of these walls shall be put on with
flush joints, the edges being riveted to
a heavy fish-plate and the whole fast
ened to the iron framework of the
building with galvanized iron clips. In
stead of doing this the contractor ig
nored the requirements of the specifi
cations altogether. He lapped the edge
of one sheet of iron over the edge of the
sheet above it and nailed them to the
wall as a farmer would nail shakes on
a barn. The finished surface presents
a rough and unsightly appearance.
As a result of his evasion of this pro
vision In the specifications the contrac
tor effected a saving to himself of be
tween $5000 and $8000. The completed
work as it now stands will become loose
in a short time on account of the draw
ing of the nails by reason of contrac
tion and expansion from heat and cold,
and the entire covering of the walls will
have to be removed.
The specifications also call for the
covering of all of the walls of the gal
lery and waiting room with galvanized
iron. After the contract had been let
and the work was under way the con
tractor claimed that he was not re
quired to cover the west walls of the
gallery and waiting room. After be
coming hesitation the members of the
Board of Harbor Commissioners and
Architect Swain claimed to- see the
force of Contractor Cronan's reasoning
and granted him $2978 for doing the
work he had already been paid to do.
Besides the things before enumerated
Cronan was permitted to fit the build
ing with fixed instead of movable
louvres, was allowed to- omit the hy
draulic device for opening and closing
same, was paid an exorbitant price for
fitting open and closed windows in gal
leries leading to the ferry slips, and on
the entire contract was allowed to sub
stitute a lisht iron for the heavy qual
ity specified by his contract, the latter
item effecting a saving to the contrac
tor of 52261.
SMALL CONTRACT-BIG PROFIT,
Price Paid for the Big Heating Plant Out
of All Just Proportion,
Of the many jobs perpetrated in
connection with the ferry depot con
tracts, that which was successfully
carried out in the installation of the
steam-heating plant is the most con
spicuous in proportion to the amount
of money involved. The contract price
for putting in the piping system was
$5200. The amount saved by the con
tractors over and above a legitimate
profit is estimated at $3430.
It was generally understood among
those contractors who put in bids for
the work that the specifications had
been prepared by the firm that ulti
mately secured the contract at a figure
far below all competitors. The con
tract was awarded to the firm of W.
W. Montague & Co. The specifications
called for a low pressure, single-pipe
system for all -of the floors except the
ground floor, which was to be fitted
with the double-pipe system. The w 7 ork
as completed shows that the two-pipe
system on the ground floor has been
entirely omitted and that a single-pipe
system has been put in instead.
The specifications also provide that
all pipes throughout shall be covered
with magnesia sectional pipe covering.
The completed work shows that all the
return pipes buried in the floor are de
void of covering, being simply laid in
trenches, no regard having been paid
to the covering clause. On this item
the contractors effected a saving to
themselves of about $1000.
Perhaps the most glaring fraud in
connection with this contract is shown
in the trenches made for the recep
tion of the return pipes. These
trenches, instead of being cut large
enough for the reception of the pipe
with pipe covering on it, and graded
toward the receiving tank, have been
cut barely large enough in width to
receive the pipe, and of a uniform
depth just sufficient to allow for a thin
covering over the trenches. The heavy,
ribbed cast-iron covers called for by
the specifications have been omitted
altogether. The saving to the con
tractor in the cutting of the trenches
in the concrete floor and the omission
of the cast-iron covers amounts to
about $2430.
The same firm was granted the con
tract for furnishing and setting the
radiators throughout the building for
the sum of $2927. The cost of the work,
when figured at retail prices, thus al
lowing a jobber's profit to the contrac
tor, is but $2422. As the contract was
Architect E. R. Swain Gives
His Official Sanction.
Commissioner Colnon Acts as Chief
Dispenser of the Good Things
That Are Generously
Handed Out
let by the Board of Harbor Commis- |
sioners without competition, it will be
seen that the price they allowed per
mits the contractor to make a clear I
profit of $505 over and above a legiti- ■
mate profit.
m
BATEMAN BROS IN CLOVER.
Commissioners to Them as Pliant as Clay
in the Hands of the Potter.
Bateman Bros, could well afford to
sing a paean of praise to the Harbor j
Commissioners, for by the acts of those !
distinguished gentlemen have their
yawning pockets been lined for work
never performed. These contractors, as
others, have basked in a profitable glow j
of favoritism. Of this the most recent i
example concerns the laying of certain i
pine flooring. The Batemans have been j
given the c ntract at $1868. Any com- |
petent contractor would have been glad ;
to get it at $467. These floors are for :
various offices, embracing an area of |
11,676 feet. Such floor can be profitably
laid at 3M> cents. At 4 cents it would be
regarded as a good thing. At the lat
ter figure it would come to a total of
$467 04. The Batemans are to get 16 j
cents, or a total of $1868 16. The re- j
suit that for their benefit the State is |
to be put to a direct loss of $1401 12 is j
easily determined but hard to explain.
The change from oak to pine finish !
reeks with every evidence of rascality.
For this change, a gift in token of
which the contractors could well have
afforded to present the State a substan
tial rebate, they received an allowance
of $2995 extra. Architect Swain coun
seled the Commission to this peculiar
course. He may know the reason, but I
searchers after the truth have sought
vainly the shadow of a legitimate one.
Swain figured that the revised plan
called for 71S1 feet of pine partitions
12 feet in height, for which he al
lowed the contractors $3 per lineal foot.
ITnder the work called for by the orig
inal plans he enumerates 3244 feet on
the first and second floors. But what
of the abandoned mezzanine which had
been figured upon in the bidding? And
he figured the oak at $4 20 per lineal
foot, when pine was selling in open
market at $20 per thousand feet, and
oak at $120 per thousand feet. Here is j
enough to arouse a spirit of inquiry. |
Why is all mention of mezzanine par
titions omitted from the estimate made
by Swain? The difference between
what the architect conceived to be the
value of the oak and the pine was
$3821 70, of course in favor of the con
tractors. As an award of this amount
could not have been made legally with
out calling for new bids the contractors
knocked off $828 70. Very good of them,
too. A summary of this strange pro
cedure shows that the State paid high
for the privilege of acquiring a cheap
wood in place of an expensive one.
Bateman Bros, have been granted al
most $10,000 for extras. A sample job
will sufficiently exploit the method.
There were to have been six floors in
the tower. The commission decided
to leave them out and asked the Bate
mans to make a corresponding reduc
tion. The contractors were willing to
relinquish $119 and this concession was
satisfactorily. Afterward it was de
cided to put in one of these floors and
for that floor alone the Batemans got
$310. There seems no necessity for
comment. Swain admits the part he
took in it all, and repels what he terms
an effort to make him out either a fodk
or a knave.
♦ ■
M'CARTHY's HYPNOTIC GLANCE,
Various Crooked and Profitable Jobs in
the Masonry Contract.
James McCarthy is one of the con
tractors whose hypnotic eye the Har
bor Commissioners have been induced
to loot the State. He procured the con
tract for all the masonry work in the
Ferry depot. This, of course, included
as a considerable item the exterior
walls, which were to have been of Ore
gon graystone. Many others , made
bids, and the relative cost of the various
stones proposed became well known
among the members of the craft. The
cost of the Oregon product would have
been to McCarthy or any of his com
petitors $11,000 more than the cost of
Colusa sandstone. Yet, after the con
tract had been let, there was a change
in material, the Colusa article being
adopted. McCarthy was not even
asked to share with the State this un
expected profit. There . was no reduc
tion made, and, so far as known, none
proposed.
But ' the McCarthy cup of joy was
destined to be filled to the brim. He
had agreed to supply for the interior
large quantities of terra cotta. His bid
had been 12 cents a square foot, his
lowest competitor having bid 22 cents.
Contractors affirm that he could only
have lived up to the original terms at
serious loss. To his rescue flew the
Commissioners. They abolished the
terra cotta. For the white, glazed brick
which had been designed to make the
grand nave a place of beauty they sub
stituted marble.
For Roman pressed brick at the ex
terior ends, worth $75 a thousand, they
substituted common brick worth $6 a
thousand. For the floor to be support
ed by arched tiling they substituted
expanded metal. All these changes
were for McCarthy's benefit, and yet,
as if to flaunt their boldness in the
face of the public, the Commissioners
actually voted him $2416 extra. The
changes in the finish of the nave
meant to the contractor a gain of $13.
893. The omission of terra cotta caps,
plinths, bases and string courses was
$3345 more to his advantage, while the
alteration in the floor alone was at
least an additional $12,000. V/-
But this was not all. So liberal had
the Commissioners been in scattering
among the contractors pay for bogus
extras that danger appeared of the
money running short. This was pecu
liar, as the appropriation had been am
ple, and something had. to be done.
Happy thought! Omit the mezza
nine ( story. It was so ordered. This
story was to have contained thirty-five
rooms, with terra cotta partitions. Mc-
Carthy was not in favor of supplying
it, although he had taken obligations
to do so. In round numbers this was
worth to him about $7000. Whatever
impulse of gratitude he may have felt
did not take the form of making resti
tution to the State.
And this masonry contract is the one
in which Colnon boasts of having saved
to the people the sum of $53,000. How?
Where is it?
SMITHS' CASH STORE. 27 Market
street, sells "STANDARD" shirts. •
■ ♦ ■
Of the 51.000 breweries estimated to be
in the world, 26,000 are in Germany.