VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO 79.
BOSS McNAB'S DELEGATES WIN
Cassin in the Chair
Was a Blow to
the Whisperer.
Committee of One Hundred Gets
r Orders to Hold Pri
maries.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Aug. 17.— This was another
bad day. for McNab.
When a man. and particularly a poll
tfcian. has started on the downward
road there is no place for him to tu^p
": until he gets to the bottom. Here and
. -there along the downward sweep of the
. political toboggan slide there may be
..a rough place that will furnish a rao
mentary finger hold, but these halts
; are brief and only prolong the agony.
The Whispering Boss grasped a£ the
proverbial straw to-day — and caught it.
The Democratic State convention,
after spending some weary hours in
listening to the oratory of numerous of
: its members, formally declared that
McNab's delegation from San Francisco
■was th? Simon pure representatives of
: . .the. Democracy of San Francisco, and
as such was entitled to seats on the
nopr of the convention hall and a voice
in' the deliberation of this august
.body. By this declaration it was also
made patent that the so-called Ilarney
. delegation was not the true and legal
representative body of the unwashed
thousands within the corporate limits
of-. the f-ity of San Francisco who are
expected to vote for a Democrat for
rnor. a Populist for Lieutenant,
Governor and a Silver Republican for
■Associate Justice nf the Supreme Court.
The result having been announced,
•the. McNab cohorts gave loud voice to
"their approval, settled themselves com
fortably in the seats that had been ac
. corded them and watched the prepara
tion of the Harneyites for an early exo
, dus cityward. Incidentally they heard
-fco'me things regarding the personal and
■ -political characters of their self-ap-
pointed leaders that must have been as
■ unpalatable as they were uncompli
mentary; but if one is a politician he
. *nust expect to hear hard things said
of.himself, for the reason that the good
.■ .Lord has not seen fit to wrap up hon
-.ePty and political acumen in more than
a few packages of flesh and blood.
: But lialf a loaf s better than no
.bread, so Whisperinp Gavin McNab
.must be content with the hollow victory
of' to-day, and with it .ittempt to con
sole, himself for the series of wrecks
.: that mark his career as a political boss
during the past few days Yesterday
• he was forced to swallow the bitter
pill of seeing his political enemy, James
• H. Budd, placed in the speaker's chair
: • ••.-PJ. TOHALtY - raking ' HIS TOILET POI^
.TH f MORN «N<^ \SC"isJON •» ♦ :
'■ .■■■-■■■■■.■ .-••■.•"'- " ••■•.- ■■■ " •
The San Francisco Call
and given charge of the temporary or
ganization of the convention. To-day
he saw Charles M. Cassin of Santa
Cruz, a man who was opposed to the
principles and to the methods of the
whispering boss, placed on the platform
of the convention hall as the permanent
chairman of the convention. In both
instances he was powerless to defeat
the purpose of the old-time Democrats
who have set for themselves the task
of ridding the party of this self-ap
pointed boss.
But still fuither humiliation was in
store for him. Numerous resolutions
were presented to the convention to
day, directing that the governing body
of the San Francisco Democracy adopt
such measures as will give the voters
of the party in that city a voice in the
conduct of its affairs. The committee
of one hundred, by virtue of these reso
lutions, will be directed to hold pri
maries in San Francisco for the elec
tion of delegates to the municipal con
vention, and thus take from out the
hands of the whispering boss and his
fellow-reformers the power of dictat
ing who shall and who shall not occupy
such offices as are within the gift of the
Democratic voters of the metropolis.
The resolutions are direct In ef'ect that
the committee of one hundred shall
be dominated and controlled by a
new State Central Committee, which
will be empowered and directed to
adnpt such rules and regulations as
will make it impossible for the reform
ers to keep the reins of Democratic
government within their own Itching
palms.
But the fall of the whispering boss
was not the only nor the most interest
ing incident of this, the second day of
the Democratic State Convention. Me-
Nab's downfall was foreshadowed sev
eral days ago, and it is only the details
of the process of his undoing that are
of any public interest.
One of the events of to-day that has
made a marked impression on the
minds of the delegates here assembled
was the attitude assumed by the San
Francisco Examiner, the recognized or
gan of the whispering boss, toward
Charles M. Cassin, who was to-day
named as the permanent chairman of
the convention. When it became known
last evening that Governor Budd would
decline the permrnent chairmanship,
and that he and James G. Magulre had
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, AUGUST 18, 1898.
JUDGE MAGUIRE IN HIS POSES BEFORE CONVENTION HOUR.
decided that it was for the best inter
ests of the party that his mantle should
fall upon the shoulders of Charles M.
Cassin. there was consternation among
the McNab forces and their newspaper
servants. Every effort was made, every
string pulled, every possible influence
brought to bear, and many threats
made for the purpose of forcing the
withdrawal of Cassin's name and the
substitution of the name of some per
son who would be the willing tool of the
reformers. But In the face of all this,
Judge Maguire declared that he could
not permit his own prospective candi
dacy to be jeopardized by such meth
ods as the McNab forces evidently pro
posed to adopt. He therefore insisted
that Charles M. Cassin, whom he be
lieved to be the man who is not con
trolled by party bosses and who would
as chairman of the State convention
do only such things as would in his
Judgment be for the benefit of the par
ty, should be the man selected to fill
the place.
McNab was forced, though much
against his will, to acquiesce, but the
bitterness of his defeat was made man
ifest this morning when his newspaper
organ came out with a declaration that
Cassin was one of Buckley's business
men and grossly misrepresented the
/acts concerning the agreement that
had been entered Into by Judge Ma
gulre, Governor Budd and others con
cerning the appointment of Cassin to
the permanent chairmanship. This pa
per also accuses Cassin of being a sup
porter of the Harney-Ralney end of the
San Francisco Democracy and endeav
ored in every way to besmirch the po
litical Integrity of the man who is now
the executive officer of the representa
tive body of the Democratic party of
the State of California.
Here Is one of the references made
by the Examiner to Mr. Cassin:
"Charles M. Cassin, the Santa Cruz
delegate, who was one of Buckley's
business men at the convention two
years ago, was mentioned in the con
ference at Sacramento yesterday by J.
J. Dwyer. speaking for the Harney and
Rainey contestants, as a candidate for
the temporary chairmanship, but Gavin
McNab's explanation settled the case
quickly."
It having been demonstrated by the
day's proceedings that McNab's ex
planation did not "settle the case" of
Mr. Oassin, it is only fair to presume
that the other innuendoes of the yel
low sheet are as untrue as this. Dur
ing the course of to-day's proceedings
in the convention the country delegates
were treated to a truthful relation of
some of the inside history of the man
agement of the San Francisco Democ
racy.
The history was not a pleasing one,
but the telling of it was' made necessary
to a full understanding of the dispute
between the two contesting San Fran
cisco delegations. It must have been a
revelation to some of the back-country
members who had heretofore no knowl
edge of political methods such as are
familiar to the Indians of the Iroquois
Club and the seedy visitors to a cer
tain office on one of the upper floors
of the Mills building.
The events of the day were such as
reflect no discredit to the political
standing of Governor Budd. As a pre
siding officer he was all that could be
desired by fair-minded men, and it m*y
be that it was due ttr his firm hand and
his conservative attitude that the con
vention acted favorably in matters that
are usually not to the liking of Demo
cratic managers. He established a val
uable precedent by refusing to allow the
contesting San Francisco delegates to
have a voice in the determination of
which of them should be declared the
legal representative bc-dy of the Ran
Francisco Democracy. He also refused
to allow any one who wished to speak
on the question to be gagged by either
the majority or the minority of the del
egates present, and all of his rulings
were so fair and just and were all so
firm that what proved to be a very try
ing situation was passed over without
an incident of serious import. His re
linquishment of the chair to his suc
cessor, Mr. Cassin, was the occasion for
a very flattering ovation from the seven
hundred and odd delegates occupying
seats on the floor in the hall.
Mayor Phelan of San Francisco ad
dressed the convention this afternoon
on behalf of the McNab delegation, and
the impression that he made on the del
egates was a very favorable one. His
speech was happy, and. if it had no
other effect, it at least served him as
a most favorable introduction to the
Democrats of the State through their
representatives, whom he expects to
ask some day, no doubt, for their sup
port and their votes to aid him in gain
ing the coveted position as chief exe
cutive of the State. His address was a
very pleasant break in the monotony
of the dead level of campaign oratory
that marked the greater part of the
debate.
Some of the trustees of the Demo
crats who are here are shocked and
pained to learn that the control of the
Democratic party of the State is just
Mi|WILL T LIMn VOW**
'oi iCy Si on TO • FivE=
.riirwTE-'l "*. • • r<^
.• .VonE- TO foft DPR V
THE GOVERNOR IN HIS GLORI
AS CHAIRMAN.
at this moment in the hands of one
man, and that man is James G. Ma
gulre. Anticipating that he would be
nominated by this convention as the
standard bearer of the State Democ-
racy, he has come to Sacramento and
grasped the reins for party control
with so firm a hand that all, even the
Whispering boss, are compelled to bow
to the dictates of his. will. His lieuten
ants, the numerous Gallaghers, are ac
tive in carrying out the dictates of his
will and there are few of those here
who have heretofore believed them
selves possessed of some influence in
party management, but they have felt
the weight of his iron hand. The fact
that his position in the party is at this
moment apparently impregnable puts
an end to all resistance even on the
part of those who in years past have
earned the reputation of being intract
able. With the wing of the fusion
agreement behind him, Maguire's wish
es are not to be denied, and there ia no
mistaking the fact that his position to
day with reference to his party Is that
of dictator.
In spite of the apparent solidity of
Maguire's present position there are
certain ominous signs of coming
trouble that are causing much un
ensiness in the camp of the Magulre
delegates. These signs do not point to
any disaffection to Magulre or hte gub
ernatorial aspirations, but are directed
wholly against the scheme of fusion
whereby the Populists have eaten the
apple of office and have left for the
Democrats nothing but the core.
Several Congressional district con
ventions were held to-night and in sev
eral instances the delegates openly re
belled against the plan of the party
managers whereby their Congressional
candidates had been selected for them
by the Pinto-Populist convention and
general repudiation was the order of
the day. It really begins to look as
though it might be a chilly day for the
Populists to-morrow when the question
of the ratification of the fusion agree
ment is formally brought before the
convention. A growing sentiment that
this convention should nominate a
straight Democratic ticket from top to
bottom leads to the belief on the part
of some that when the question Is
brought up there will be an open revolt
against fusion, and that Maguire will
be forced to pledgre himself to decline
the Populist nomination for Governor
before he will be given a similar place
on the Democratic ticket.
This event is hardly to be expected,
but it Is nevertheless true that it is
well within the range of possibilities.
FUSION COMMITTEE.
The Three Parties Agree Upon the
Division of the Expected Spoils.
CALI., HEADjU.-KTERS, Sacramento,
Aug. 17.— The fusion committee remained
in conference until a late hour last night,
with the representa^.ves of th.- Silver Re
publicans, and Populist party. Jt was
agreed to fuse on the same lines as were
agreed upon at the Populist convention.
This moans thai all of those who were
nominated by the Populists with the un
derstanding that they would resign from
the ticket at the proper time, will live up
to their agreement. A. B. Kinney of Ban
Francisco, who was nominated for Sec
retary of State, will withdraw to make
room for a Democrat. R. A. Sprague of
Los Angeles resigned as Treasurer,
George W. Hoyle of Sonoma as Attorney
General, George H. Rogers of Napa as
Surveyor General, A. C. Mouser as 'Jus
tice of the Supreme Court, Percy B.
Preble of Alameda as Superintendent of
State Printing. G. B. Dean as Railroad
Commissioner of the First District, Wil
liam B. White of Alameda for Board of
Equalization of the First District. George
Thresher of Yuba, Second District, and
W. W. Mothorall of Kern. Fourth Dis
trict. Under the terms of agreement the
other places on the State ticket will go
to the Democrats.
Yolo Republicans.
WOODLAND. Aug. 17.— At the Republican
County Convention held this evening the fol
lowing county ticket was nominated: Assem
bly, George Pierce; District Attorney, Arthur
W. North; Sheriff. Otto Schuler; Assessor, C.
M. Barney; County Clerk, Q. L. Duncan: Au
ditor, C. F. Harisal; Treasurer, W. 1* Wood;
R«COn)er, Lee AY. Mlllsap; Superintendent of
Schools, Mrs. S. E. Pearl; Public Administra
tor, E. J. Clanton; delegates to the State Con
vention—S. S. Hlnsdill, J. G. Fredrick*. Ed E.
Gaddis. Jesse Dolnn. F. H. Owens, W. S.
Allen, E. B. Merlng and F. F. Murphy; dele-
Kiitfs to the Congressional Convention — J. H.
; ningan, M. D. Chamberlain, T. J. Vaughn,
A. G. Stoll, G. Schmeirer. W. T. Knox. H. C.
Howard and Charles Simpson, who favor Met
ralf for Congress.
Gar field Republican League.
The Garfleld Republican League held a spec
ial meeting at Myrtle Hall last evening with
E. M. Galvln in the chair and Judge F. F,
Hachelder acting as secretary. Resolutions
were adopted congratulating President McKln
ley on the outcome of the war and fuvorinjr
the retention of the Philippines. An election of
officers of the drill corps resulted as follows:
E. M. Galvln, captain: Joseph Osborne, first
lieutenant: William Banning, second, lieuten
ant. A uniform was adopted consisting of a
blue blouse and white trousers. The tenth an
nual meeting and election of officers will be
held on the evenlnir at Sa&t«unh«r U
Gavin Ready to Dump
San Diego Into the
Political Soup.
Has Made More Promises Than
He Can Keep and There
Is Disaffection.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Aug. 17.— The convention's
daylight session of six solid August
hours ending with the burden of the
day's warmth was about as monoton
ous as anything in the nature of a
political gathering could be. The
monotony was occasionally broken by
a pleasant allusion of Governor Budd.
the presiding officer, to the dissensions
in San Francisco, and at times there
was a small outburst of applause when
a speaker grew fervid in denunciation
of monopoly.
A slight demonstration of patriot
ism was made shortly after the open
ing session, when J. J. Dwyer's resolu
tion congratulating President McKin
ley on the brilliant results of the war
was placed and adopted by the conven
tion. Mr. Dwyer's speech in support of
his resolution was the best effort of the
day in the line of oratory. He sought
to awaken in the convention a spirit of
pride in the achievements of American
arms on land and sea, and did elicit
some enthusiam, which by the way was
not prolonged or vigorously responsive.
A ripple of merriment ran around when
the Governor suggested that the war
over the report of the committee on
credentials was then impending and in
order, as the war with Spain was
ended. The San Francisco engagement
was opened by the reading of the ma
jority report of the committee on cre
dentials. W. M. Gibson represented
the minority. He read the document
from the platform, and at the close of
the reading moved that the report be
adopted. Eugene N. Deuprey sought to
get in a substitute to the effect that
the majority report should have the
first consideration, and for a brief
THE CONVENTION'S CHAIRMAN
Charles M. Cassin Takes the Gavel Desclte the Oddo
sitlon of the Kilted Whisperer and the Yellow
Journal,
Charles M. Cassln, who was chosen permanent chairman of the
convention, was opposed by Gavin McNab and the yellow Journal. A
whispering campaign against Cassln was begun early yesterday
morning. The Examiner classed him as one of Buckley's business
men at the convention two years ago, but the convention by a unani
mous vote adopted the report of the committee naming Cassia as the
permanent chairman. Apart from the Examiner's censure Cassin has
not a great deal to commend him as a presiding officer of the conven
tion.
Already many eminent Democrats are disgusted with the raw
programme prepared by Maguire and his lieutenants for the guidance
of the delegates. Old Democrats of the monopoly school and young
Democrats of the anti-monopoly class are kicking vir -ously to-night
at the rawness of the proceedings. It is noted that prominent places
on the platform committee are given to the men of small caliber who
are in law offices adjacent to Judge Maguire's office. The plan has
been so programmed that twenty-three counties in Northern and Cen
tral California are without representatives on the committees of reso
lutions and fusion.
It is a mild comment to say that many of the old liners are howling.
Predictions of Maguire's defeat are made to-night by leading men who
are his friends politically.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
season points of order were numerous
and sharply pointed. An apt allusion
was made by W. W. Foote to the prac
tice of "whispering to death or hound
ing to death" of Democrats who had
the courage to speak their minds
when questions affecting the rights of
the people were advanced. At a time
when there was a little confusion, with
three or four delegates on the floor
seeking recognition. Senator Braunhart
sought to drown the voices of all others
by roaring "Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chair
man!"
The impatient presiding officer, Gov
ernor Budd, pitching his voice in its
highest key. shouted: "Sit down, Mr.
Braunhart!" and the Senator subsided.
The outcome of a brisk discussion
was the adoption of a rule that each
of the contesting San Francisco dele
gations should have one hour to sub
mit a statement to the convention and
that a limit of five minutes should ap
ply to other speeches. Major Harney's
followers understood that the hour was
given to the principal of each delega
tion, but when Harney had concluded
his speech of an hour the McNab dele
gation entered the "whispering boss."
the hefting Mayor Phelan, Eugene N.
Deuprey and -i. M. Fitzgerald for a
flfteen-minute talk each. Major Har
ney in alluding to the clever trick of
the Mc.ab faction to hold meetings
without publicity mentioned that an
advertisement of a meeting was so ob
scured in the Examiner that it took
Democrats thirty-six hours to find the
notice of a called meeting. Mr. Fitz
gerald, in the course of his address to
the convention, deprecated the attack
on Isidore Dockweiler by a yellow jour
nal of San Francisco. The manner of2
FUSION IS NOT YET ASSURED
resenting the assault gained the speak
er the good will of the convention be
cause delegates are of the mind that
the raid on Dockweiier. the slurs cast
on his record and the attempt of the
Examiner to place him before the peo
ple as a tool of the railroad corpora
tions have gained for the Ln» Angeles
man an added measure of respect and
confidence. The action of the conven
tion in electing Mr. Dockweiier vice
chairman by a unanimous vote can be
traced to the Examiner attacks.
The five-minute speeches were more
enlivening than the recital of the past
history of the Democratic party in San
Francisco. W. W. Foote brought to
light the plans of the Los Angeles dele
gation to abide by the unit rule in fa
vor of admitting the delegation of the
' whispering boss. He asked the ques
tion point blank of the Los Angeles
delegation if they had not agreed by a
decree of the majority to throw a solid
vote of 81 against the admission of the
Boss McNab Argues for the Committee of
One Hundred.
Harney delegation from San Francisco.
The response from the solid sunny
south was evasive, the chairman say-
ing that the roll call would give the In
formation at the proper time. The
evasion was sufficient for Mr. Foote.
Heeding the cries "Take the plat
form," he ascended the steps and made
a telling speech in defense of the Demo
cratic doctrine of free expression.
George S. Patton followed Foote, as
serting that the Los Angeles delegation
proposed to throw a solid vote of 81
against the Southern Pacific monopoly.
The honors of the day in oratory em
bracing the courage of assertion and
felicity of expression were easily car
ried away by Mayor Phelan. In a lit
tle exchange of sentiments with Major
Harney the Mayor gained a decided ad
vantage over his opponent in the Har
bor Commission. The delegates from
MAJOR HARM TELLS THE CONVENTION THAT HIS DELEGATES ARE THE SIMON PURE ARTICLE.
the interior rose up with o>ne accord
and saluted the Mayor with cheers of
approval. A happy incident of the
j Mayor's remarks was in the form of an
apology for Gavin McNab's methods of
conducting a political controversy.
Ex-Supervisor John Foley had an em
barrassing five minutes, but he man
aged in spite of many obstacles to get
in a speech. He sat with the Alatneda
delegation, supposing he had a proxy
from Sierra, but when a modest indi
vidual on the left and rear section con
fessed that he was himself the holder of
all the proxies of the Sierra delegation
the convention laughed loud and long.
The development of a new boss from
Sierra was more amusing than surpris
ing.
A search of th- records later on dis
closed that Foley did have a proxy
from Slskiyou. a county to which Frank
Ptxley used to turn for consolation and
proxy when he was turned down In his
own San Francisco Assembly District
by his neighbor Dwyer.
A request by Joe Nougues for Foley
to speak of Police Court clerkships
was not heeded, and outside of the San
Francisco delegates was not generally
understood. For a minute yesterday
Joe Nougues and Alex Vogelsang glared
at each other. Mr. Vogelsang was on
the platform throwing a calcium light,
figuratively speaking, on political cor
ruption, when Nougues opened up with
a request that the gentleman answer
j a question. Vogelsang fixed his gaze
; for a minute on the source of the inter
ruption and tl*en replied: "I answer
! no question propounded at any time by
I Mr. Nougues."
Once for an instant Gavin McNab
scowled at Will AVie, and Ashe glared
at McNab. The letter said something
above a whisper, which Ashe resented.
The Governor put a stop to the out-or
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 18, 1898.
order discussion.
W. W. Foote and Eugen3 N. Deuprey
were on the verge of a skirmish dur
ing the discussion. The latter quoted a
record of the State Central Committee
to prove that Foote had indorsed a
proposition which he now opposed.
Foote pronounced the record fraudu
lent, as he did not attend the meeting.
Deuprey spoke of Foote being repre
sented by proxy. Foote Insinuated that
Deuprey knew a good deal about proxy
work. Thereupon Deuprey declared his
innocence of proxy practices with a
warmth that raised the temperature in
the hall. Foote touched a tender spot
somewhere.
After talk and more talk and five
minutes for Francis J. Heney to round
up, a vote was taken. Harney's men
were defeated, as the following vote
shows: ■'/■''
Rollcall on adoption of minority .re- ;
port of committee on credentials: <v ,
Counties- , Ayes. Noes,
counties » „_
Alameda". ••••• • 20 . ' -*
Amador • •• •• . . •*
Butte 2 . ™. ?
Calaveraa - *
Colusa . -'.: ■
Contra Costa .- ° j>
Del Norte ■ ■«
El Dorado - 1 °
Fresno ■ J, , - a °
Glenn  * •' *
Humboldt %■ ■-■■%
Inyo ••;2 • '2
Kern ....,,., I , 9.%
Kings • ■ •• °
Lake • . -: 5
Lassen ......' "' ••
Los Angeles •• . 8 i .
SST..;:::::::::::::::::::::::::-: •* . ■ *
Mariposa' ' ■• ■ . ■ 5
Mendocino • « ' ••' •
Merced ;•• & , ,»
Modoc *..:........: ..,..■ •-,-,■•♦-
Mono .....'. • y," *
Monterey • 6 - -'5
Napa '•; *- ■ :?■
Nevada 4 . ? *
Orange • *»
Placer • *. ♦ "' •'.**•. **.
Flumas ■" . '■ *
Riverside , • ••* . I %jj »
Sacramento 16 9
San Benito 5 1
San Bernardino ".. .....":. 15"
San Diegro .. 21 '
San Joaquln 13' r .;' :6,
San Llub Opispo 5 i. - : .'- 6 ■
San Mateo ... ■ ■• .6
Santa Barbara '-. 11 .;;.."
Santa Clara- •-, ;., 27
Santa Cruz ...-. 2 -8;
Shasta 11 \-.
Sierra '. 4
Slskiyou •. 7 ... 3
Solano ..'6 6
Sonoma 19
Stanislaus 2 6
Butter 6
Tehama « 7
Trinity 2 2
Tula re 14
Tuolumne 8
Ventura 8
Yolo .. 10
Tuba «
Total 1984 421H
The San Francisco delegation was
passed and at the finish of the roll the
chair ruled for precedent against a con
tested delegation voting. The major
ity report was then adopted without
dissent.
Next in order was the report of the
committee on permanent organization.
The report naming C. M. Cassin of
Santa Cruz for permanent chairman
was submitted and readily adopted.
Mr. Cassin was greeted in a perfunc
tory manner when called to the chair.
His speech of acceptance lacked pith
and color.
The convention gave Governor Budd
a rising vote of thanks for the abil
ity and impartiality displayed In pre
siding.
Isidore Dockweiler was elected vice
chairman by a unanimous vote.
The chair announced this committee
on platform and resolutions: Seth
Mann, Alameda, chairman; N. K. Har
ris, Fresno; George S. Patton, Los An
geles; M. F. Dowling, San Benlto;
Joseph Leggett, San Francisco; M. C.
Hassett, San Francisco; Ben M. Mad
dox, Tulare; E. C. Rust, Amador; W,
C. Graves. San Francisco; J. F. Farra
her, Siskiyou; J. J. Dwyer, San Fran
cisco; G. W. Hamilton, Placer; W. P.
Veuve, Clara; L. L. Boone, San
Diego, and Thomas S. Ford, Nevada.
A committee was appointed on fusion
consisting of William H. Alford, Tu
lare; R. M. Fitzgerald, Alameda; Bart
Burke, San Francisco; George E.
Church, Fresno; Joseph F. Walsh, San
ta Barbara; A. Caminetti, Amador, and
A. D. Lemon, San Francisco.
The convention assembled at 8 o'clock
this evening, Mr. Cassln in the chair.
After announcement of several district
conventions had been made, Mr. Alford
explained that the fusion committee
would not be able to report until to
morrow morning. The fusion committee
plans might be such, said Mr. Alford,
as would conflict with nominations
made to-night for members of the Rail-
road Commission and State Board of
Equalization. He hoped, therefore, that
the district conventions called to meet
to-night would be postponed until the
fusion plans were perfected. Ed E.
Leg.ke stated that delegates of the
Third Equalization District met to-day
and nominated R. H. Beamer. "The
name of Beamer is nailed to the mast
and will remain there." (Applause.)
Eugene N. Deuprey said that so far
as the First District is concerned there
is no chance of fusion, and therefore a
nomination will be made for member of
the State Board of Equalization from
San Francisco.
Thomas Renison of Monterey said:
""We intend to place a Democrat in
nomination in our district, and we do
not intend to pull him down. When the
Pops met they did not ask what they
should do. I am in favor of nominating
R. M. Fitzgerald Speaks as One of the Nine,
a Democrat and standing by him."
(Long applause.)
Isidore Dockweller pointed out a mis
take in taking up the fusion question
before the paragraph in the order of
business relating to the State Central
Committee had been considered. He
proceeded to read the report on the
manner of selecting and governing the
State Central Committee.
Raleigh Barcar explained to the con
vention that the rules providing for
the government of the State Central
Committee were established long ago
and were tested In Massachusetts and
Connecticut, New Jersey and New
York.
Mr. Irwln of San Diego moved that
the constitution and by-laws of the
State Central Committee be printed
and consideration postponed until to
morrow morning.
Mr. Barcar started in to talk again,
but was frequently interrupted by cries
of "Question," and "What is the ques
tion?"
Mr. Rogers of Los Angeles, a talker
of some spirit, was recognized and
called to the platform. He decried
against the use of proxies in the com
mittee and moved that the section al
lowing them be stricken out.
J. J. Wells of Tehama moved to limit
the use of proxies to a person residing
in the county of which the member is
a resident.
Frajik H. Gould said in view of the
statements made in the press and on
the floor of the convention some ex
planation should be made to refute
statements regarding the affairs of the
State Central Committee.
"Often it happens that representa-
tion cannot be obtained without proxy.
I do not know that anybody has been
wronged by the use of proxies. I have
held many proxies and never did I us*»
one that its use did not redound to th«»
good of the Democratic party. Three
fourths of the proxies I have used came
with instructions for their particular
use. It is possible, however, forunscrupu
lous persons to obtain proxies and thus
get control of the party and so the wise
plan is to establish a limitation of in
struction. I am content to leave the
matter as it stands to-day. This year
I do not want to be a member of the
committee."
Voice — You couldn't be.
Gould— lf I wanted to be the district
which I represent would give it to me
before you could repeat that remark.
Shouts — That's so.
A motion was made to lay the report
on the table. Carried.
In the confusion some of the members
claimed that the whole report on order
of business, of which the committee plan
was a part, went to the table. Gould
insisted that the order of business had
been adopted earlier in the day. The
record at the secretary's desk shows
that no part of the report was adopted
and therefore the whole subject is on
the table.
Convention adjourned until 10 a. m.
to-morrow.
WORK OF THE CONVENTION.
A Report In Full of the Proceedings of
- the Second Day in the State
Capital.
The convention was called to order by
the chairman at 10:35.
The Chair— The Committee on Perman
ent Organization and Order of Business
will meet immediately in the rooms over
the main entrance. For the information
of district conventions, I will state that
there are separate halls In this building 1 .
one in the rear of the platform and two
to the left where they can hold their dis
trict conventions at recess. The railroad
conventions can meet at recess in the
various portions of this hall. The secre
tary will now read the letters. There are
plenty of seats In the hall, and during
this convention I shall insist upon every
body being seated so that the aisles may
be free for the escape of any delegates
who, !n the heat of discussion, may de
sire to retire rapidly. (Laughter).
Mr. Dwyer of Alameda — Mr. Chairman.
I have a resolution here for which I ask
unanimous and immediate consideration.
I am sure that when this convention
hears the resolution read there will be no
objection to my request. The secretary
read as follows:
WHEREAS, The war with Spain
has been brought to a glorious
and successful conclusion; and
WHEREAS, This result has
been accomplished by the union
of all our people, irrespective of
condition or party affiliations,
animated by the most ardent
patriotism inspired by the holy
zeal of carrying liberty to down
trodden peoples; and
WHEREAS* The union of States
has been more firmly cemented
by the union of hearts against
the foreign foe; now, therefore,
be it
RESOLVED, By the Democracy
of California in State convention
assembled, that a telegram of
congratulation in the name of the
convention be transmitted by its
presiding officer, Governor James
H. Budd, to William McKinley,
President of the United States.
Mr. Dwyer was called to the platform
and spoke as follows:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the
Convention, this convention assembled
yesterday under in
spiring auspices.
Following a beauti
ful practice, born of
the Spanish war— a
practice which has
spread rapidly
throughout our
country — when the
beloved strains of !
the "Star-Spangled |
Banner" foil uponour j
ears, this convention j
rose to its feet and j
remained standing I
until the conclusion
of the national an
them. This was well,
and we do well now
to pause for a mm- |
ute before passing i
on to party matters,
to discharge a patriotic duty. A war in
stigated for the purpose of carrying lib
erty to down-trodden people, and in the
name of humanity, conducted with chlv- j
airy and magnanimity unparalleled, has i
been crowned with the most overwhelm- ,
ing success. We do well at this time to j
indulge for a moment in a spirit of ex
ultation. The Republican party, animat
ed by the same notions of monopoly so
characteristic of its party organization,
is already attempting to monopolize the
glory consequent upon the Spanish War.
But. gentlemen of the convention, there
is one monopoly which we will never tol
erate, not even for a moment. We will
not tolerate a monopoly which is an as
persion upon our patriotism and an insult
to our country.
They may force us for a time to submit
to land monopolies and railroad monopo
lies, tariff monopolies, transportation mo
nopolies and money monopolies, but my
friends, while the memory of our brave
soldier boys and sailor lads shall live,
while the grasses shall wave over their i
far-away graves, and the dews of the
night sink into their sleeping bosoms, the
Democratic party will never allow the Re
publican party to monopolize the Ameri
can flag. (Applause and cheers.) The
result or the war has strengthened our
country by valuable acquisitions of ter
ritory; has raised our nation in the esti
mation and in the respect of foreign peo
ples; has planted the fear of America in
the soul of every monarch in the world,
and has planted the love of America In
the hearts of men in every clime and in
every land, and has illumined the arms of
the American soldier and the American
sailor with the radiance and the glory
that make them the pride of their coun
trymen and the terror of tyrants every
where. (Applause.)
The flag which the immortal Dewey
planted upon the ramparts of Manila, and
Which the Rough Riders held aloft
through the leaden hail upon the fields of
San Juan and the fields of Santiago— that
flag was no party emblem; that flag was
no party standard. And. my friends,
when the war is finally brought to an ab
solute conclusion and the ships of our
navy are once more painted white, let
them carry the welcome of our country's
flag across the seas and into every port
on earth Tyrants will behold it with a
secret tremor, but the patriot Will lift his
head to it. the slave will kiss it and mois
ten it with his tears, and the intelligence
of the American people In our own land
will not permit a party, out of ambition
for office, to monopolize to itself the glory
of its achievements and its renown. (Ap
plause.) I move you. Mr. Chairman, the
passage of the resolution.
Motion seconded by many voices.
Mr. Gould — I move. Mr. Chairman, that
we signify the vote by rising.
The Chair— All those in favor of the res
olution will rise to their feet and signify
their vote by three cheers.
They were given with a will. The Chair
— McKlnlev heard that in the White
House. (Laughter.)
REPORT ON CREDENTIALS.
Now. gentlemen, that we have got
through with our patriotic duty, we will
take up our own little war. (Laughter.)
Now that the war with Spain is over. I
am ready to hear from the committee on
credentials and take up the war in San
Francisco. (Laughter.) Is the commit
tee on credentials ready to report? I un
derstand that there are two reports here,
one from Santiago and the other from
Manila. We will now listen to the ma
jority report of the commfttee on creden
tials."
Th,e secretary read the majority report
of the committee on credentials as fol
lows:
To the Chairman and Members of the
Democratic State Convention: Your com
mittee on credentials report that the fol
lowing named persons (list attached) are
entitled to seats as delegates in this con
vention. W. F. Prisk, C. C. Wright.
Frank James, William Palmtag, J. A.
Hicks, N. H. Conklln. D. H. Arnold and
W. J. Curtis, committee.
To the Officers and Members of the
Democratic State Convention:
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BUSINESS GOOD I
By giving enormous values for cash, jur trade keeps up and increases
each month; foreign trade has doubled. We try to see how much and how
good we can give, not how little, for the money. Buyers realize that dollars
go further with us than anywhere else, hence they come. We can always
give fresh goods, as they move so lively. We want to interest cash buy-
ers and understand we must make it an object to come to us. Twenty per
cent is an average saving, and mor<e on many things. Read August prices.
BIG GROCERY BARGAINS.
Best. Rolled Oats, Eastern, bulk, 10 lbs. •• 25c
Family Flour, 50-lb bag, guaranteed ■-any-
where ..:...*..../...^90c
Fine White Cane Sugar, special, 17 1V*.... 5100
Butter, creamery, squares, choice, coa**.... 35c j
Pink Beans, No. 1 fancy, clean /...:.'. ;3c i
Candles, mining. 16 oz., half .prlee.:.>>-""- ■■'lo I
Domestic : Paste, first quality, yelloyi box.. 18c \
Cinnamon Stick, whole, high grade ....~150 ;
Knorr's Soup, six-plate I ' packages/ now.... '<■' -6c j
Knorr's Erbworst. has large Bale/ 1b. :...'...; 20c j
Sweet Corn, Shaker, scarce eve»rwhere — 10c \
Kona Coffee from Kona Distric- roast 25c j
Java Coffee, genuine broken, .Oaat ■ 20c :
HOUSEKEEPERS' BARGAINS. j
Wire Clothes Lines, the ling kind ...... ..35c !
Golden Gate Baking PowJer. *-lb. tins 10c !
Washtubs, wood or metiu. family size 800 ,
Coffee Mills, for the lap. square ........:... ..25c
Handled Axes, best maw kn0wn........ 75c
Hammers or Hatchets, middling good ...25c
Bicycle Combination Wrench," 25c article — ,
Screwdrivers for the h0me........-.*......."...... 5c j
Butcher Knives. fai-illy size, look g00d...... 5c j
Fine Toilet Soap, for general u5e..:.... 2c I
They say our crackers and cheese are the freshest, best and cheapest.
They sa> our honey and pickles are better, sweeter and sourer than any.
They s*y our butter and eggs are the freshest and best found in town.
They say our delicacy counter supplies the best meats and things of any.
They say our coffee and tea are 20 per cent cheaper and better than
Whit they say can be relied on; the public judgment is a safe one.
BIRD SHOT.
Chines* Lanterns, large ones, now 5c
5c pa-'kages of Herbe. now 2 for 5c
Nail Brushes, some 'get 10c. we get -Jc
Hair Brushes, real two-bit kind, now 10c
Mrth Balls. 25 In a box, for 5c
Fly-Killing Paper. 5c packages «
Nice Uttle China Cream Jugs l°c
jr>cket Hule. 25c kind. 1 foot 10c
For ammunition of this kind come to in.
As chairman of your committee on
credentials I beg to report •
That, according to the statements of
the representatives of the two sets of
uelegates applying for seats ,n this con
vention, a deplorable condition of 11
fairs has existed and still exists in the
Democratic party in the city and county
of San Francisco, seriously affecting net
only the interests of the party in ti.it
city, but of the entire State.
That such a condition calls for prompt
and effective action in the interests of
good party organization, which was ex
ercised by the State Central Committee
by the appointment of a committee of
one hundred to appoint delegates to thU
State convention from the city and
county of San Francisco. That the
open primary is a basis of our party
organisation and in keeping with the
true spirit of Democracy; that while I
ratify the action of the State f'.ntral
Committee in this instance in exercis
ing a duty which the contending fac
tions of the party in San Francisco
themselves forced upon said committee
and am therefore in accord with the ma
jority report of this committee of cre
dentials, I nevertheless would sugs< at
that it be the sense of this convention
that the committee of one hundred ap
pointed by the State Central Committee
be advised and directed to call open
primaries to elect delegates to the
ing municipal convention to le held in
San Francisco, that each faction of the
party in said city have a representative
upon the board of precinct officers at
said primaries and that the delegates of
that municipal convention elect a coun
ty committee to act in all matters ap
pertaining to the affairs of the Demo
cratic party in the city and county of
San Francisco. Respectfully submitted,
F. A. CUTLER.
Chairman Committee on Credentials.
The minority report was then handed
in by W. M. Gibson, who was request
ed to read it. It is as folows:
We, the undersigned members of
your committee on credentials, beg
leave to submit the following report:
After a patient hearing of the ques
tions presented to us while sitting as
a committee on credentials we most
respectfuly announce that we have
reached the following conclusions, viz.:
first:
That the temporary roll of the con
vention be made the permanent one,
with the exception of the delegation
from San Francisco.
Second. That the San Francisco or
ganization, of which organization Ma
jor P. J. Harney is chairman, is the
regular organization of the Democratic
party of San Francisco, and is the same
organization whose delegates were seat
ed in the Democratic State Convention
of 1896, and its delegates are entitled to
seats in this convention to the exclu
sion of the representatives of the so
called Committee of One Hundred now
on the temporary roll of the conven
tion, for the following reasons:
Taking up the consideration of the
question at the time when the sub-com
mittee of nine of the State Central
Committee cited the representatives of
both organizations to appear before
them for the purpose of endeavoring
to bring about an adjustment of the
then existing differences, we find that
the general committee had not con
ferred authority on any person to sub
mit on its behalf any question concern
ing its existence to the State Central
Committee, or any committee thereof,
as an arbitrator; and that it did not
submit to a subcommittee of the State
Central Committee the right to abolish
it and create a new committee of their
own.
In our judgment the subcommittee of
the State Central Committee exceeded
its authority in resolving the San Fran
cisco general committee out of exist
ence.
While we admit the authority of the
State Central Committee to interpose
its good offices for the purpose of bring
ing about adjustment of disputes among
Democrats, we respectfully submit
that such interposition should always
be exercised in accordance with tha
time-honored Democratic usage of per
mitting the Democratic voters to .x
press' their will by means of primari. -,
and we believe that in the matter now
submitted to us the Democratic State
Central Committee, through its sub
committee exceeded its jurisdiction and
arrogated to itself autocratic powers.
We believe it would be destructive of
Democratic organization and a reversal
of the respected doctrines and methods
of the party to permit the State Cen
tral Committee to appoint a county
committee for the purpose of appoint
ing delegates to conventions. Such a
course is tantamount to naming the can
didates, and performing all other party
functions without permitting the voters
of the party any voice in party manage-
We find that the following was the
method pursued by the Committee of
One Hundred in the selection of dele
gates to the State convention. Each,
member of the Committee of One Hun
dred was allowed absolutely to appoint
one delegate to the State convention,
making 100 in all, and the remaining
fifty-four delegates were appointed by
the vote of the same Committee of One
Hundred, and called delegates at large.
This method is not calculated to bring
out the Democratic vote on election day,
and is neither Democratic nor just.
We find that in the composition of the
Committee of One Hundred, seventy
three of its members were selected from
the nine Republican Assembly districts
of San Francisco, and only twenty-seven
were selected from the nine Democratic
Assembly districts, and we further find
that in forming the Committee of One
Hundred the sub-committee of nine of
the State Central Committee selected
"KNOCK=OUT" BARGAINS.
Boys' Shaker Hose. 10c kind *Q
Boys' Winter Caps, 50c kind 6o
Boys' Little Sunday Suits. 3. 4. 5, 7, $3.V1...51 50
Ladies' Trimmed Hats, our w0rk... 50c, 75c, $1 00
Ladies' or Misses' Untrimmed Hats 10c
Red, White and Blue Bunting 4c
Fine plain Black Dress Sateen. 31-in 10c
Remnants of high-cost Black Goods 25c
Fine high-cut $1 50 Felt Bals, 2H. 3 50c
Men's Sunday Shoes, button, to 7H 85c
Children's School Shoes, best, 6 to 11 75c
Infants' Wool Hose, black, size 6 5o
Child's Wool Hose, black, 8, BV4 10c
Infants' Little Shirts, going at 5c
"OOOD-BYE"" BARGAINS.
Bicycles, men's, complete, high grade $3S «<?
Stoves, $12. Jewett, parlor, for coal 5 W
Stoves, 36-inch box. for large room 5 09
Churn, No. 4 box, little shopworn 100
Pacific Incubator, 120 eggs 900
Saddles for men. few only 3 75
Tea Scales, for family use 75c
Knives and Forks, wood handles, 8 each.. 100
Freezers, best, 2-quart. family size 100
SMITHS
cash store;
25-27 Market St., S. F.DISTRUST HANGING IN THE AIR
twenty-eight members from trie so
■ ..catted '.Sullivan organization; •while the
: -.^.o -called Harney organization was com
-''/liletery -.ignored. We further find that
-riot: only was no effort made by the
,'. --State Central Committee to ascertain
."• 1 he" will. of the Democratic voters of
. .San. Francisco by primaries, or other
■-' ■•wise. In the matter of the attempted re
.'organization, but no effort was made to
, bring into consultation any of the lead
\lrtg members of the party in San Fran
'.elsco', on whose Democracy and anti
' :hos9 record no possible imputation could
'-..be. cast.
.'• . In the discussion before our committee
.'no answer was attempted to the propo
• sition that the Harney organization is
. the legal and regrular organization of the
."•San Francisco Democracy, but the
.-.■-charge was made in general terms that
' ■' IX was under the control and domination
■.of a "boss." Said charge was not sus
. .tamed by any evidence submitted to us.
"We believe that the charge is false and
' \Ty:»F adduced for the purpose of obscur
: - ,lng the real questions at issue, and be
:::v-lng' without proof, furnishes no justifi
cation for the destruction of the regular
•" party organization.
: ' Third— Notwithstanding the fact that
..we have' reached the conclusion that the
:•• so-called Harney organization is the
! -.'regular organization of the Democratic
■•••party of Ban Francisco, and that its
' -.-delegates are entitled to seats on the
= • "floor of this convention to the exclusion
'■.-■'■ot any other representatives from San
• . • Francisco— nevertheless, grave conslder
• '!'atk>ns of party policy have influenced
• 'ws-to make the following recommenda
' ' lions:
• . \ We believe and recommend that it will
.■' conduce, to party harmony and success to
.give to each delegate from the rival San
: 'Francisco organizations a one-half vote;
' ■■■: lir.d we further believe and recommend
• that- it Is conducive to the welfare of the
'" -.Democratic party of the State of Cali
"■■-jfdi-rila,- and also of the city and county
•"-'of •'San Francisco, that both of the or
.• ". g-arii'zati.ons from San Francisco con
■..• -tepafng for recognition as the regular
■ ;o.rcajiization be now declared disbanded,
. ■.. -ajou' ihat a completely new reorganiza
•-/.•tio'ri -.be effected of the San Francisco
. -iymocjacy under the supervision of the
' -new-State Central Committee to be ap
■'.-'.• :pol.ntpd by this convention, on a basis
: ••"••that • will be truly Democratic In its
I' -.jmfe'thods and effectively give expression
:'t : d. the will of the Democratic voters of
: '!.--i£Sari "Francisco. Respectfully submitted.
; : :J. -K. Harrington, A. M. Seymour. T. V.
i M.ath.e-ws. L. J. Maddox, W. M. Gibson,
;.-;■■ : 3.'.T>.- Sproul.
Discussed THE REPORTS.
i"'.-.-: Colonel Gibson moved the adoption of
:- the.- minority report.
N ;'/The Chair— Colonel W. H. Gibson has
; inovecl. the adoption of tne minority re
.•pbrt." ■
:• ..Mr. .Crittenden of San Luis Obispo— Mr.
■.^Chairman, I move the adoption of the
irn-frjority report and that the question of
■ijdebtvte. on this matter by the San Fran
. IclsCo delegation be limited to half an hour
••on each side of the question.
i A- Delegate— l rise to a point of order,
[".•Ml*. -Chairman. The motion is out of or
■;d»-r. "A' motion is already pending before
•'the. house.
.i/: The Chair— The point of order Is well
\;taken.
■.'■- Mr, Deuprev — I move an amendment to
It-Re motion of the delegate from San Joa
:<3uln .-County, and It is this: "That the
■Imnjorlty report be adopted and not the
.^ninortty report."
.V. ■•• Seconded.
.=• .The Chair— Is moved by the grentle
• Irian-. 'from San Francisco and seconded by
[the gentleman from San Francisco (Mr.
ilrwim. as an amendment to the motion
•■■'of- Colonel Gibson, that the majority re
"■port be adopted.
• Mr.- Tarpey of Alameda— Mr. Chairman,
••I r-i-se to a point of order. My point of
• order is that the report of the committee
credentials is now before this house;
"that the report of the minority of that
•committee Is also before tnis house. Both
• •&f . those reports emanate from servants
.of this body. My point of order Is—
'. CMTs Irwln (interrupting)— lt is not neces
sary: for the gentleman to raise the point
• ci f :order; when the matter is already be
■'•fbre' the house in the clearest manner in
-which it can .be brought to the attention
or t}': convention.
! --The -Chair — You are correct. Mr. Irwin.
;&h that- proposition; but it is absolutely
".necejisacy. In order to get an expression,
'to'- innke* a motion.
•V-Mr.- Tarpey— And further, sir. that the
: -'rnltiQritv report always takes precedence
•■'•lri consideration of the convention.
■■-Tho Chair— The statement by the gen
tjetnan from San Francisco Is correct.
.Th-- : usual manner is for a motion to be
. m -.I- -.for the adoption of the majority
• .'report: .".' Then a member of the minority
;'•• moves as a substitute the adoption of
tie minority report. It then comes up
■ on 'the adoption of the minority report,
: and' if t"hat is defeated, then the major
" txy report. It is absolutely immaterial;
•ft- is a matter entirely for the conven
tion- as to which it will take up first.
'.-:' Mr. Crittenden of San Luis Obispo— Mr.
/Chairman, we members of this conven
' -tfo.n " are pretty thoroughly informed in
-•regard to the merits of this case. Many
'..o£ -us have received circulars. I have
•^-no doubt but that every member of this
• convention has received circulars in con
••• hection with this matter. Now. my po
sition is this: I desire to give them—
M.r. Otis of Sonoma (interrupting)— "We
• "desire to hear what the gentleman is go
• ing- to say.
"The Chair— l thought he was going to
= •make a motion in regard to limiting the
•. .debate. .
. ■ ■ : Mr; .Crittenden— Then I make this mo
'•:fion' as. a substitute, to the original mo
■ tlan .that the debate upon this question
vibe .limited to .i half hour on each side
'".■■of the question, and let us get through
•'..with this discussion.
' ■. -The Chair — I will hold up the motion
Sot' Colonel Gibson as amended, and the
I ': 'motion of Mr. Deuprey and proceed to
.the- question of time limit and recognize
■ that motion as before the house, if there
. Is- a second to it.
'■■ '•' The motion was seconded by several.
•■•' The Chair— is now moved and sec
•-dnded'that, in the discussion of the prop
osition before the house, the debate be
• limit' <! to a half hour on each side.
" -.W. . \V. Foot*' of Alameda— Mr. Chair
• jniin 'and gentlemen of the convention:
'■• ■ .. -. .. The questions which
we are to pass upon
to-day are fraught
with the -very great
est interests of the
Democratic party of
the State of Califor
nia not only now but
for all time to come.
It seems to me Idle
to limit a discussion
or statement of
facts even to half an
hour, when such a
question as this is
before a Democratic
convention. The
question is not only
a question of party
policy, but the pow
• er of the State Central Committee to go
Into any county in this State and usurp
th- functions of the local governing body.
• It it be a fact, gentlemen of this conyen
.Uon. that th.- State Central Committee.
;. whether by proxy or otherwise, has
-.-usurped authority, then this convention
.'••should say so. it it be a fact that the
' • other organization is the true organiza
tion., then it ought to be recognized by
" this convention; and now at this time Is
the time to do it. I am no partisan in
■■-. this matter. It has got so in California
•' now. that if a man undertakes to raise
. his voice in defense of what he believes
• to be right he is either whispered to death
or- -hounded to death by the newspapers.
■ (.Ajipi.'ius.-.]
•' '■A Delegate— l rise to a point of order.
•he- gentleman is not talking to the ques
■ • tlon. He is going Into the discussion
prior to the adoption of this motion or
the- rejection of it.
" -■-' The Chair— think he Is in order on that
. ' proposition. He Is stating the reason*
/•■why a full discussion of this matter
. : should be had on the floor of the house.
■ We will probably take up as much time
=-• in- discussing this question as we would
.- in discussing the other if we had no mo
. tlon to limit debate. [Laughter.]
■': Mr. Foote— l am not going to bore this
■ .convention. I listened patiently and at
• tentively last night to the committee on
•credentials, to the statements made by
■ both sides. No gentleman of this con
• v.entlon who did not attend that meet
Ing can vote Intelligently upon the ques
tion presented by these two reports un
' Irsa he hears th*» evidence that was" ad
duced there, and the statements that
• were made,, and I think that a limitation
of the discussion of this, question Is not
' to be had. I can stand anything You
L cannot drive me out of the Democratic
• .party, no matter what you may do. (An
.; plause.) I have been denounced as a crea
ture of .the Spreckels. a corporation tool
•• and ; all that, sort of thing. My anti
monopoly rr.co"d, Mr. Chairman, is as
-trood as that of any man on the floor of
• this' convention. (Cries of "That Is right"
• and auDlause.) I can remember, sir at
SCENE DURING THE SESSION OF THE CREDENTIALS COMMITTEE.
a meeting of the State Central Commit- [
tee two years ago, when I stood by Mr.
McNab and the gentleman there, and Mr.
Wright and others In the State Central
Committee room tried to seat the very
organization they are now trying to drive ;
from this convention, and I had the honor I
upon that occasion to introduce in the
State Central Committee, for the purpose I
of holding up the ends of J. G. Maguire ,
and Stephen M. White, a resolution
against the refunding bill. I Introduced !
It upon the floor of thia convention and
assisted In passing it for the first time
through a national convention. Gentle
men, I appeal to you in the name of har
mony, 1 appeal to you In the name of I
decency, I appeal to you in the name of
right, I appeal to you In the name of the j
Democracy, do not shut off a hearing of
this case. If you do, you drive • the
knife into the heart of the Democratic
party of the State of California. This
is the moat important question which has
ever come before a State convention. It j
ought to be deliberated on with calm
ness. I have no personal aims to grat
ify, no friends to reward or enemies to
punish, but I do not like to see the Dem
ocratic party riricken down by its own
members until .hey know all of the
facts. And 1 KiM in all sincerity, be
cause I expect to have no more to say
upon this question, that whatever time
may be desired by both parties to this
question, may be taken by this conven
tion. It is a more important matter
even than the nomination or officers for
the next State election. If you smother
this question, you destroy the Democratic
party not only in the city and county of
San Francisco, but you will render it
apathetic all over the State of California
and you will have your ticket beaten.
(Applause.)
Mr. Wright of Los Angeles — Mr. Chair
man and gentlemen of the convention, it i
seems to me that a better disposition of
this question would be that each side of
this controversy would select some one j
person \o present the case as was done
before the committee on credentials last
evening, and then after the presentation
of this matter, the speeches by the dele
gates in this hall should be limited, Bay,
to five minutes each. I believe that there
ought to be a pretty full hearing accord
ed to this matter. And I think that if the
motion made by the gentleman from San
Luis Oblspo were amended so that this
course could be taken, it might very much
expedite a satisfactory end of this mat
ter. I would, therefore, move an amend
ment of the motion made by the gentle
man from San Luis Obispo to the effect
that each party to this controversy select
some gentleman of each committee to be
accorded three-quarters of an hour within
which to present each side of this contro- |
versy — each to have three-quarters of an
hour.
A Delegate — Make it an hour.
Mr. Wright— Very well, one hour; that
each side be accorded one hour to present
this matter to this convention, and that
after those presentations have been made
the speeches by delegates upon. the floor
be limited to five minutes each.
Motion seconded.
The Chair— the gentleman from
San Luis ObisDO accept the amendment?
Mr. Crittenden— l do not accept the
amendment unless Mr. Wright will kind
ly make his time half an hour to each
i side. .-/"■'
\ Delegate Waters— l move you, Mr. <
Chairman, that we throw off all gag law,
iii'kf no time limit and let everybody in •
th© house discuss this if they want to.
[Applause.]
The Chair— Then, doctor, you will vote
against both motions.
Mr.\lleeney ofAlameda Mr. Chairman,
I differ from the radicals on both sides
of this, question, and I am a member of
the committee of one hundred and aided
in selecting this delegation of 154 gentle
men whAare sitting before you. and who
will hav«\ the right to vote upon this
queFtion. %nd whose voice will be -heard
very loudlt in favor of one side or the
ry lomllfc in favor of one side or the
other. Noll sir, while a member of that
committee i* one hundred. I sent in my
resignation 'Secause ] could not agree
with what I considered to be a pro
gramme. V :-.^
• Mr. Wright tf I/os Angeles— object,
Mr. Chairman. \
The Chair— objection is made. Mr.
Heeney. . \ p , *. - •■
Mr. Heeney— l vant to state my posl-
Mr. Wright— He * not speaking to any
question before tht\ house. He is giving I
reasons, if the chair please. \
Mr. Braunhart— Mr\ Chairman—
The Chair— Sit dow^ Mr. Braunhart.
You will have to sit down; You will have
to excuse me, but wo ■will have to hear
one at a time. A '.
Mr Wright— The . gentleman Is not
sneaking to the question. •
' Mr Heeney— l think I am explaining my
noaltion Mr. Chairman. \
The Chairman— There Is no doubt that
you are explaining your portion.
Mr Heeney— l am talklnguo the ques
tion - While that reconsideration was
finding a five-minute rule *as adopted
while I was absent and when I came
back hero to discuss Democratic A prin
ciples and to urge the adoption of a plan
which would have avoided this difflcufty-
To wit. the holding primaries by that
committee of one hundred-I foun^ myself
up against that stonewall of five winutes.
which I considered undemocratic and
which I hope this State Conventldn will
not Dass at this J time, even with tie aid
and assistance of this 154 votes wUch I
•helped to "end into this convention and
which I personally want to remain se*ted
In this convention with a full vote. -r \, ,=
The Chair-Gentlemen, the question 1 * is
on the amendment^of Mr. Wright t*Vt
each side be allowed -one hour to dlsculs
this matter, the chairman of. the commit i
tee Major Harney, to select his champiol |
\
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 18, 1898.
and the chairman of the committee from
San Francisco, Mr. Dunn, to select his,
because I would not select. You want
to put forward the best talkers you bave
down there (laughter), and after the
hour has expired then the debate be lim
ited to five minutes to each member who
wishes to speak. The motion was put and
carried by a viva voce vote.
Mr. Deuprey— Mr. Chairman, I desire to
withdraw the* amendment as to the adop
tion of the majority report and let it go
up on the question of the minority report.
The Chair— Tho motion then is that the
minority report be adopted and substi
tuted for the majority report. Are you
ready for the queation?
MAJOR BARNEY'S ADDRESS.
Major Harney — Mr. Chairman and gen
tlemen of the convention: The underly
ing principle of our Democratic faith ; Is
a firm belief in j the
supremacy of the
people. From the
very Inception of the
Democratic party It
has been the firm
advocate of that
great principle In
Democratic govern
ment that all power
must come from the
people. Through the
beneficent Influence
of the Democracy of
the nation, this gr<'at
principle has become
symbolized In the
present greatness
and gT.indeur of the American republic It
self. If In the administration of the af
fairs of government all power must come
from the people, then the same prin
ciple should apply to the management of
the great political parties of the country
through which the people act as a col
lective force. Elective officers of our gov
ernment are chosen by reason of certain
definite principles of .governmental policy
advocated by them. These principles of
governmental policy are originally out
lined by the great political parties who
name candidates on platforms adopted
and appeal to the voters to sustain the
principles enumerated In their party plat
form in selecting those candidates who
present the enforcement of these prin
ciples in the conduct of public affairs.
SAYS IT'S ABSOLUTELY DEMOCRATIC.
Senator White Believes the Convention Is Not Under
the Domination of MonoDQlu.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 17.— The present convention is absolutely
Democratic, which moans that it is not under any monopoly influence.
In the course of events many things have been said in criticism of
very good men. This has resulted from their association with per
sons whose conduct has not received public approval. The connection
to which I refer has not beer, made by any means for ulterior pur
poses, but has been either accidental, or because of an effort to bring
about the acomplishment of some good result by means of doubtful
validity. •
The platform has not yet been adopted, but will undoubtedly
contain provisions insisting upon the absence of special privilege in
legislation, economy In public administration and the faithful ob
servance of promises. There has been no contest for Governor be
cause of a gradual process commencing several years ago, popular
sentiment has crystallized and has made it out of the question for
any one to oppose the candidacy of Judge Maguire. The assertion that
this gathering merely ratifies the proceedings of the Populist conven
tion is untenable. The latter assemblage anticipated the verdict of the
Democracy of Callforni and predicated its conduct upon that knowledge.
California is admittedly a doubtful State. Individuality has much to
do with the solution of election events in this part of the world. I
think, speaking without any partisanship at all, that Judge Maguire
Is at this time the strongest individual before the people in this entire
State. I am not able to speak of the personnel of the ticket outside
of Magnlre, because there has not been sufficient expression of opin
ion to warrant the designation of the individual; but I am con
strained to the conclusion that as a rule those who are to be led by
him will be wisely chosen.
I do not think that the war Issue will have any material bearing
upon the election, because it is recognized that the war has been con
ducted by the soldiers and sailors of the nation, whose politics is
variable, but whose heroism is uniform. It is true that the heads of
departments and the political force from the executive down have
been Republican, but when the smoke of battle has cleared away it
will probably be discovered that the soldiers and sailors have made
no mistakes, but that there have been errors elsewhere. And if poor
uniforms, mismade boots and shoes and supplies of an Inferior char
acter have been purchased at Government expense, the offense, If any,
is not chargeable to Democracy. There is sufficient time between this
convention and election day to ventilate these matters.
It would not, perhaps, be prudent to discuss the subject were we In
a desperate and dubious conflict, but the struggle being practically
over, and in view of the fact that we are now merely determining
how much we will permit the enemy to retain, it is not improper to
refer to the fact that some Investigation will be made as to the re
sponsibility for the conduct of the war by the politicians who con
trolled the supply end of it.
Generally, I think that the Democratic ticket will be successful,
and while hereafter I will be a mere toiler in the ranks, I will regard
that result with much satisfaction.
Therefore, the great political parties of j
the country are really component parts of
the Government itself, and when one man
or a sot of men control or attempt to
control a great political party, then that
! political party becomes a menace to repre- ,
sentailve government arid dangerous to
the free institutions of the land. (Ap- j
plause.) In violation of • very time-hon
ored principle of the Democratic party,
a bold, deliberate attempt has been made !
to prevent the Democratic voters of the \
' City and County of San Francisco from \
any voice in the management of the af- .
fairs of either party. Strange to say, thla j
bold and deliberate attempi was originally ;
conceived by the Democratic State Cen
tral Committee, Itself a body which, un
der all circumstances, should endeavor to
foster and promote a spirit Of harmony :
within the pern craey of the State of
California so that on the Bth of next No
vember our Democratic standard could
be pinned to the pinnacles of success and
victory.
Now. gentlemen of the convention, so
! far as the controversy existing in the
i ranks of the San Francisco Democracy I
is concerned, and hi order to give you j
I an opportunity of understanding the con
dition of affairs existing in that city, it
will be necessary for me to !>egin in the
; year 1X92. For ten years prior to 1*92 tho
j Democratic party of the city and county
! of San Francisco was held In the iron
i grasp nf a Political boss. The Democrat
! lc voters of San Francisco of that year I
were thoroughly aroused to the existing :
i conditions, the humiliating condition, I ,
I may say. of their party in that year. The
result of this was that there was a uni
versal desire on the part of the Demo
cratlc voters of San Francisco for a gen- j
! oral party reorganization. In fact, an |
organization was formed that was termed !
j the Reorganized Democracy of the city |
' and county of San Francisco. There are j
■< eighteen Assembly districts in the city. I
j In each of these eighteen Assembly dls
| tricts enrollments of Democratic voters
were held.
The strength of these enrollments In
these eighteen Assembly districts proved
beyond all doubt the universality of the |
\ desire on the part of the Democratic vot
1 ers for a general narty reorganization. A I
primary was held under the reorganized
I Democracy for the election of the gen
; era] committee of 450. composed of 25 rep
i resentativeß from each of these eighteen
i Assembly districts. Four hundred and j
STEPHEN M. WHITE.
fifty representatives were chosen at this I
primary. The general committee was it- ,
ganiztd and the Hon. Joseph J. Dwyer
wa.s the first chairman of the Reorganized
Democracy. Shortly after the Reorgan
ized Democracy of San Francisco appear
ed before the" Democratic State Central
Committee and asked at the h<ipds of
that body to bo recognised as the Demo
cratic party of the city and county of San
Francisco. * At this time, gentlemen, there
was a plan of organization of the Democ
rcay that had existed in fact for a period
of ten years before. The State Central
Committee, considering the fact of the
existence of this regular County Commit
t<-.-. declared to the Reorganized Democ
racy that it. the State Central Committee,
had n>> power under the circumstances to
interfere with tho political organization,
and while the regular County (.ommlttee
'■enttnued in existence it could not, and
in fact it did not. have the power to rec
ognise the Reorganized Democracy.
Thf> members of the county committee,
however, all realized the condition of
affairs of the party. They came
to the conclusion that they would report
and inform thnt body that if it would in
struct the Reorganized Democracy to
open an enrollment of Democratic voters
and after the completion of the enroll
ment to call a primary at which every
Democrat could participate if he desired
for the election of a Democratic commit
tee, the regular county committee
would then agree to adjourn sine die.
The State Central Committee, after hear
ing the report from the regular county
enmmittee. accepted the proposition,
they declared the reorganised Democracy
under the leadership of Joseph J. Dwyer
the regular Democratic committee of
the city and county of San Francisco. It
ulso dedded the Reorganized Democracy
should open up an enrollment for the vo
ters throughout the municipality and so
licit the enrollment of all Democrats in
that enrollment.
After the enrollment was completed,
it also directed a primary to be held for
the election of a new general committee.
The primary was held. A new general
committee was elected under the direc
tion of the State Central Committee by
the voters of the party. The new general
committee convened and organized with
the election of Joseph J. Dwyer as chair
man, and from that time forth the name
of the reorganized Democracy was chang
ed to the Democratic party of the city
and county of San Francisco. In the year
1892 it placed in nomination a ticket for
municipal offices, and most of that ticket
was elected, including eleven out of the
twelve members of tho Board of Super
visors.
DECLINE OF~BO~BS RULE.
The only ambition that the chairman of
the Reorganised Democracy had in en
tering into politics was to free the Demo
cratic party of the influences of a polil I
cal boss. Having succeeded in this f-m
bition. Joseph J. Dwyer, in the early part
of 1893, resigned his position as cha! -man
of the general committee of th.? Demo
cratic party. Max Popper was choien as
the successor of Mr. Dwyer. The next
election year was 1894. Under the consti
tution under which the general committee
elected in 1892 existed, a new committee
under that constitution had to be elected
in the month of April, 1594. Early in
1894 enrollments were ordered under the
auspices of the general committee of
which Mr. Popper was chairman, prepara
tory to the holding of a primary und-ir
the constitution of the party for the elec
tion of a new general committee. With
out any provocation Max Popper resigned
as chairman of the general committee.
The result of this resignation caused con
fusion among the Democratic voters, k3
Mr. Popper at that time was ihe reoxT
nlzed chief of the Democratic party by
virtue of his position as chairman of the
general committee.
The general committee failed to pro
vide for the election of Its successors. In
August, 1594, it called a municipal conven
tion for the purpose of nominating
municipal candidates. That municipal
convention convened and placed in nomi
nation municipal candidates. This
municipal convention, gentlemen, was
composed of the representatives of the
Democratic party of the city and county
of San Franctsco, and I believe that you
will agree with me when I say that, In
a political subdivision of the State like
San Francisco, the highest authority in
any political party in a county is the
municipal convention of that party com
posed of the representatives of the or
ganization itself. That municipal eon
ventlon fully realized the conditions exist
ing in the Democratc party at that time.
It recognized the fact that the Demo
cratic party was in a disorganized state
and therefore a resolution was introduced
and adopted providing for the appoint
ment of a committee of twenty-five Demo
crats by the chairman of the convention
itself for the purpose of reorganizing
the Democratic party of San Francisco.
The chairman of that municipal conven
tion was the Hon. Eugene N. Deuprey, a
member of this convention as a delegate
lrom San Francisco, appointed by tho
committee of 100.
The reason that I refer to the fact that
Mr. Deuprey was the chairman of that
convention is that the organization that I
have the honor to-day to be the president
of is an organization that was created
under the authority of the committee ap
pointed by the Hon. Eugene N. Deuprey
himself, and which he 13 now trying to
have this convention throw aside. This
committee was appointed. The general
committee elected in 1592 was still in ex
istence, although it had exceeded its
term, and therefore its successor was
elected and continued to be the de facto
general committee of the Democratic par
ty of San Francisco. Mr. Popper resigned
as chairman of the general committt— in
1894. The vacancy was not tilled until No
vember, 1895; and then the meeting of the
general committee was called for the pur
pose of electing a chairman. At this
meeting there was a test of strength. It
was generally recognized throughout the
city and county of San Francisco that one
element comprising the general commit
tee was aided by Christopher A. Buckley,
and it was considered that he, at that
time, was trying to gain control of the
Democratic party. The other side repre
sented the anti-Buckley forces. It was a
clear test of strength— the chairmanship
contest at that time. A. A. Watkins was
the candidate of the anti-Buckley forces,
and J. H. O'Brien was the candidate of
what were termed the Buckley forces in
the general committee. I had been
charged with being the emissary of a
boss. At a meeting of the general com
mittee, and at the request of Mr. Gavin
McNab himself, I had the honor to place
in nomination for chairman Mr. A. A.
Watkins. Mr. Watkins was elected chair
man by a majority of thirty-two. After
the election the general committee ad
journed, and no other business was trans
acted. Therefore, it is proof positive that
the only purpose of this meeting was to
ascertain the strength between the two
elements. The committee of twenty-five
appointed by Hon. Eugene N. Deuprey,
chairman of the convention, was in exist
ence, although up to this time it had held
no meeting.
After A. A. Watkins was elected chair
man of the general committee an idoa
was conceived by Mr. Gavin McNab him
self that it would be proper to convene
the general committee again for the pur
pose of adjourning It sine die. Excuse
me, I am a little bit ahead of my story.
The twenty-five members appointed by
the municipal convention requested the
chairman of the de facto committee. A
A. Watkins, to appoint an additional
committee of twenty-five to act jointly
with the committee of twenty-five ap
pointed by the municipal convention to
reorganize the Democratic party. Mr.
Watkins, In conformity with the request
that was made of him, appointed this
additional committee of twenty-live.
Therefore, there was a joint committee of
fifty good Democrats, the majority of
them the friends of Mr. McNab and of
the leaders of the delegation from San
Francisco who are now sitting on the
floor of this convention. The leaders of
the committee, the de facto general com
mittee, of which Mr. A. A. Watkins was
chairman, thought while that committee
continued in existence there might be
some question as to the validity of the
reorganizing committee of fifty, s"o, there
fore, in order to avoid any possibility of
question as to the validity or legality of
the committee of fifty, the general com
mittee of 4f)o was convened for the pur
pose of adjourning sine die. It met and
most of you gentlemen remember the cir
cumstances of that meeting. It was the
stormiest political meeting, in my judg
ment, that was ever held in the city and
county of San Francisco. The general
committee adjourned sine die, although a
minority of the general committee con
tinued hi existence, claiming to be the
general committee of the Democratic
party. Now, the de facto general com
mittee having adjourned sine die, there
was no other organization that could pos
sibly represent the Democratic party of
the city and county of San Francisco out
side of the reorganized committee of fifty,
composed of twenty-five members ap
pointed by Mr. Deuprey himself as chair
man of the municipal convention, and
twenty-five appointed by Mr. A. A. Wat
kins, the chairman of the general com
mittee.
This committee on reorganization as
sembled, and it called an enrollment un
der the auspices of the Democratic voters
of San Francisco. That enrollment was
held, and under the enrollment a primary
was held under the auspices of this same
committee on reorganization. At that
time the leader of the committee on re
organization of the Democratic party, the
man who held the control of that commit
tee on reorganization of fifty, was Mr.
McNab himself. Therefore I say here
now. without fear of contradiction, that
Mr. McNab was the leader In the move
ment that organized the general commit
tee of the Democratic party of the city
and county of San Francisco, that legally
exists under the constitution of the party
Itself — the committee which he to-day Is
trying to have this convention throw
aside.
The primaries were held under the aus
pices of the committee of fifty. A general
committee was elected at these primaries.
The general committee so elected after
ward convened and elected Colonel William
P. Sullivan chairman. As I remarked be
fore, a minority of the general committee
elected in 1895 continued in existence and
claimed to represent th~e Democratic
party. In the month of April, ISSW, a prim
ary was called by the committee of which
Colonel Sullivan was chairman for the
election of delegates from Pan Francisco
to the State Convention which assembled
in this hall on June 20 of that year. The
minority of the general committee, com
monly called the Buckley faction, elected
representatives to the same convention
also. You remember the contest that oc
curred on this floor at that time. The
representatives to the convention who
were elected under the auspices of the
committee of which Colonel Sullivan was
chairman, after a heated discussion and
after grave consideration on the part of
the committee on credentials, were seated
as the regular delegates to the State Con
vention, as representatives from the city
and county of San Francisco.
After the State Convention adjourned
both parties returned to the city and
county of San Francisco again and re
newed the struggle. The general commit
tee, of which Colonel Sullivan was chair
man, called a municipal convention in 1896.
That municipal convention placed in
nomination candidates for the various
municipal offices. The Registrar of Voters
of the city and county of San Francisco
recognized the ticket that was nominated
by that convention as the regular Demo
cratic ticket of the city and county of San
Francisco. .. .
The minority of the general committee,
commonly called the Buckley faction,
held a municipal convention and the
municipal convention placed in nomina
tion candidates for the various municipal
offices. They filed their certificate with
the Registrar, demanding that the candi
dates named by them be recognized as the
Democratic candidates. The Registrar
of Voters refused to recognize them as
the Democratice nominees, so therefore
mandamus proceedings were inaugurated
against the Registrar of the city and
county of San Francisco. The hearing or
that writ of mandamus came up before
the Supreme Court of the State of Cali
fornia and the decision of the Supreme
Court of this State is reported in the 114 th
California, and in that decision the candi
dates that were nominated by the con
vention that was called under the aus
pices of the general committee of which
Colonel Sullivan was the chairman, were
virtually declared to be the candidates
of the Democratic party of the city ana
county of San <.< ranclsco, a party which
at the election preceding held in 1594 in
that city and county polled over 3 per
cent of the entire voters. The ticket was
placed before the people and the Demo
cratic party was triumphantly successful,
most of the municipal candidates being
elected. Now, gentlemen of the conven
tion the general committee that I have
the honor to represent, is the same gen
eral committee that existed in 18% and
which was declared' by the Democratic
State Convention to be the representative
committee of the Democratic party of
San Francisco. This same general com
mittee was virtually recognized to be the
representative party of the Democratic
party of the State of California by the Su
preme Court itself. The Democratic party
of San Francisco is an organized politi
cal body itself composed of 35,000 voters.
It exists under a constitution and rules
provided for its government. Its consti
tution has been accepted by the Demo
cratic voters of the municipality Itself.
The constitution was also approved and
ratified by the Democratic State conven
tion of 1896. The general committee ex
isting under that constitution was also
approved and. ratified by the Democratic
State Central Committee of 1596. I defy
any of the gentlemen who may appear
here for the other side to deny the fact
that the general committee, of which
P. J. Harney is chairman, is not the suc
cessor of a general committee elected in
1596. I defy any of them to deny that
fact. (Applause.); committee, of which
J Harney is chairman, is not the sue
«or of a general committee elected In
f. I defy any of them to deny that
t. (Applause.)
Gentlemen of the convention, before the
committee on credentials last evening I
submitted • a constitution which reads,
"Constitution and rules of order of the
general committee of the Democratic
party of the city and county of San Fran
cisco, adopted April 15,1896." I will read
a few sections of this constitution for
your information: (Reads.) 'The name
of this organization will be the Demo
cratic party of the city and county of
San Francisco.'" All. the bona fide Dem
ocratic electors of the city and county
of San Francisco shall be eligible for
membership, provided they are not dis
qualified bylaw from taking part in pri
mary elections and conventions.
"Section 3— There shall be a general
committee which shall be the organized
representative body of the Democratic
party of the city and county of San Fran
cisco, whose duty it will be to consider
all questions relating to the party. ■
"Sec 4— The general committee shall
consist of twenty-five representatives
from each of the Assembly districts of the
city and county. Said delegation of
twenty-five representatives from each as
! sembly district shall be chosen tby the
Democratic voters of the district." -
Now Mr. Chairman. I desire to inform
the members of this convention that this
constitution itself was prepared under the
guiding inspiration of Mr. McNab him
self. I will tell you how the trouble be
gan in the San Francisco Democracy. At
tached to the general committee of 450
were several sub-committees, among
which is a campaign committee composed
i of twenty members, made up of one mem
ber from each of the Assembly districts,
together with the chairman and secretary
of the general committee of 450 as ex
officio members. Under the constitution
the chairman of the general committee is
made a member. of all . committees, with
the right to vote. I will read that portion
of the constitution. (Reads.) "Duties of
the chairman: He shall have the power
to appoint all committees and shall • be
ex-omclo member of the same with the
right to vote." The duties of the secretary
of the general committee — just mark the
distinction— shall also be a member of
and secretary ..of and ex-officio of all com
| mittees with the right to vote.
Now. there, under the provisions of this
constitution, I maintain that the only of
i fleer it provides for sub-committees is the
secretary of the general committee, who
is made, under the provision of the con
stitution itself, the secretary of all com
mittees. If it was the intention of the
constitution to have the chairman of the
general committee act as chairman of all
committees, then the ' constitution would
be as specific, on that point as it is in re
gard to the secretary, for the campaign
commfttee had never elected a chairman
until at this meeting held October 18, 1897.
| I would say for the further information
of the convention on this point that I had
the records of the committee before the
committee last night. In everything that
I have said I challenge denial, I have
the records of that, meeting to prove
everything stated.
A meeting of the campaign committee
of the Democratic party was called to
meet on October 18, 1897. The meeting
was called under the constitution by th©
secretary. At that particular meeting
there were sixteen members present
out of a possible twenty, the only mem
t of a possible twenty, the only mem
bers of the committee being absent were
I Gavin McNab. M. C. Hassett. A. A. Wal
kins and George Marye. . Under the con
stitution of the party, which I will read
! in regard to a campaign committee, sev
en members of that committee consti
tutes a quorum at any time for the
transaction of business. Under the pro-
i regard section 5, article the con
members of that committee eonstl
es a quorum at any time for the
nsaction of business. I'nder the pro
lons of section 5. article IV, of the con
stitution, which says: "The presence of
seven members of the campaign commit
tee shall constitute a quorum." At that
particular meeting of the campaign com
mittee there were sixteen members pres
ent. Your humble servant was placed
in nomination as chairman of that com
mittee and I was ■'■ elected. Immediately
on my election Colonel Sullivan took- um
brage at 'the action of the committee 'and
retired from the . meeting of that . body.
He I was the i only member of the sixteen
who retired. After Colonel Sullivan re
tired-fifteen members out of the twenty
of that campaign, committee remained all
during the proceedings of 'that body, and
on this point I -challenge; contradiction.
A week or two after the • adjournment of
the campaign committee :r: r the fiat was is
sued by Colonel Sullivan as chairman of
the general committee t without any au
thority, whatever under the constitution
of the.party.and I defy Colonel Sullivan
■the. party, and other Colonel Sullivan
McNab or any other exponent on the
other ; side ' to show me sor to produce in
any. way any authority for the ; action I
am going to refer to. The chairman ot
the general r: committee : arbitrarily ; and
arrogantly removed the entire campaign
committee of the Democratic , party and
appointed a new committee in its stead.
The new campaign committee appointed
by Colonel. -Sullivan convened. They
passed a resolution » removing the entire
general committee of 450 representatives
chosen by the , Democratic voters them
selves. '.» Under the very provisions of
this constitution that was framed and
drafted by Gavin McNab and Colonel
Sullivan, 'and in place of the general com
mittee of 450 they appointed this new
campaign- committee :of twenty without
l any authority; the very provisions of
s constitution that was framed and
ifted by Gavin McNab and Colonel
livan, and in place of the general eom
ttee of 450 they appointed this new
npaign committee of twenty without
y authority under the laws governing
]the party. and this new campaign commit
tee without any authority appointed a
committee of 110 members. The consti
ion of the party provides that there
shall be a general committee of 450
members.* This committee of -, 450
members by virtue of the » constitution
is the governing organization of the party,
the voters of the pa,rty elected those 450
members. ■ Now the new campaign ■ com
mittee appointed by Colonel ■ Sullivan
without any authortly whatever under
the constitution, removed the entire
general committee of 450, and, mind you,
provided by a resolution for the appoint
ment by themselves of a general com
mittee of 110. Under the head of amend
ments the constitution whatever under
constitution, removed the entire
eral committee of 450, and, mind you,
vided by a resolution for the appoint
ut by themselves of a general corn
tee of 110. I'nder the head of amend
lts the constitution also provides:
"Amendments . of this . constitution must
be submitted in writing at a meeting of
the general committee." : . .
"Notice, of : . any/ proposed amendments
'shall be mailed to ail members of the gen
34
THE "CALL" AT THE CONVENTION
e.ral committee tnrough the recording
secretary at least three days before the
meeting at which it is to be considered,
provided at least ten days snail have in
tervened between its introduction in the
general committee and the issuance of
said motion." . 1 challenge any represent
atives from the other side to produce any
evidence to show that the constitution of
the Democratic party of San Francisco
prepared and drafted by tne leaders of
the delegation sitting upon this floor was
ever amended in this way, thus reducing
the general committee from 450 to HO. I
will tell you the reason, gentlemen of the
convention, why this arbitrary action
was taken. It was taken for the purpose
of giving Mr. McNab and his followers
an opportunity to bring up some griev
ance so that the matter of the San Fran
cisco Democracy could be brought up of
ficially before the State Central Commit
tee and to give -Mr. McNab 1 an:opportu
nity for carrying out his practice of gath
ering in all the proxies of the members of
that body to make him the political boss
of the Democratic party of the' city and
county of San Francisco. There was a
meeting called by the State Central Com
mittee in February or March. 1898. You
will remember the meeting, and now I
appeal to the members of the State Cen
tral Committee themselves that there was
no official communication Bent out by the
chairman or secretary of that body. The
only Information that was conveyed to
the members of the State Central Com
mittee to attend the meeting- held in Feb
ruary or March. IS9S,. was an insignificant
advertisement appearing in» one of the
corners of the San Francisco -Examiner.
It took the Democrats of San Francisco
thirty-six hours to find where that adver
tisement was- was in such a place in
the paper. After the Democrats of the
State were aware of the meeting of the
State Central Committee the fact devel
oped that there was a project on foot to
remove 53 members of that committee by
reason of the failure on their part to pay
an assessment of $30. The Democrats
throughout the State were indignant at
the action of the managers of that com
mittee. ■•:• : : " .:' n ■:•- '■-:: _ ; -v
Here the Democrats of the State de
clared in thunder tones that no Democrat
could be measured In any way by the
amount of money he possessed, so, there
fore, circulars were sent out asking the
country members of the committee to ap
pear before that committee and revolt at
the action of the leaders. The result' was
that all of the members of the State Cen
tral Committee who had not paid their
assessment were reinstated on the roll
with the exception of six representatives
on that committee from San Francisco
who had not paid.
I say here that the reason why those six
members from San Francisco were not
reinstated on that roll was that by the
figuring of Mr. McNab and his followers '
they were not positive as to their strength ;
on "the committee which was to carry out
the proceeding they afterward carried
out in appointing the committee of
100. A meeeting of the State Central
Committee was again called in the month
of April, IS9S. At this meeting a resolu
tion was introduced referring to the ex
isting differences in the ranks of the
Democracy of the metropolis. The chair
man was authorized to appoint a com
mittee of nine for the purpose of investi
gating the condition of affairs of the
Democratic party of San Francisco and
to report back to the main body. The
committee assembled and at its first meet-
Ing It requested two representatives from
each side. from the committee of
110 and from the regular organiza
tion of 450, to appear before it and pro
duce evidence on their respective sides.
I had the honor to be a representative at
that meeting representing the com
mittee of 450. I desire to say
that in my judgment before that
committee of nine ever assembled, before
they ever .heard a word of evidence they
had determined — a majority of them— to
recognize "a committee of 110, of which
Colonel Sullivan was the head.
At this meeting, however, at which the
evidence was to be produced, they
changed their opinion. They realized
from the evidence presented that the or
ganization represented by Colonel Sulli
van had no claim — no legal claim— to rep
recent the Democratic party of the city
and county of San Francisco, and, there
fore, they could not afford to recognize
the committee of 110, because they could
see no Justification for such a course.
Therefore, as they had determined be
yond a doubt, a majority of this com
mittee of nine, that the regular organi
zation of 450 that I have the honor to rep
resent in any event should not be recog
nized, the only thing for this commit
tee to do then "was to throw the two or
ganizations aside, and to arbitrarily and
arrogantly appoint a county committee of
110 men for the government of the Demo
cratic party of San Francisco.
Assuming for the argument, gentlemen,
and for argument alone, that this com
mittee of nine, or the State Central Com
mittee itself, had the power to appoint a
county committee for the government of
the Democratic voters of San Francisco
you would expect really that they would
apportion the representatives of this
county committee among the several dis
tricts of the city. As a matter of fact,
what did the;}- do? I will explain: Under
the law there are twelve Assembly dis
tricts in the city and county of San Fran
cisco. Nine of these Assembly districts
are Republican and nine Democratic. The
nine Republican at the last Presidential
election (rave V- MrKinle- • r -\"?.i u '-v
ovtr Eryan of 400- vot The commit
tee of Dune in its maguHiiim..... »> ..ed
on the committee of 100 from these Re
publican districts seventy-three members
The nine Democratic strongholds of the
city that gave to Bryan a plurality of
8661 votes received twenty-seven mem
bers on the committee of 100. The ban
ner Republican district of the city and
county of San Francisco Is the Fourth
At the last Presidential election it gave
McKinley a plurality over Bryan of SOS
votes. This district furnished seventeen
members or the committee of 100.
A DEMOCRATIC DISTRICT.
The banner district of the Democratic
party is the Thirty-first. At the last
Presidential election it gave Bryan a plu
rality over McKinley of 923 votes. The
committee of nine appointed from this
district two members, and one of these
is a resident -of Sacramento, who has srnce
resigned. Now. gentlemen, under the con
stitution of our party a new general com
mittee has to be chosen every two years
A general committee under the. constitu
tion under which the Democratic party
exists to-day elected their committee in
April, 189&, Under the constitution <if the
party the new committee should have
been elected in 1*498. As a matter of fact
a new general committee was elected in
1898. and I will tell you how that new gen
eral committee was elected. An enroll
ment of the Democratic voters was held
throughout the various eighteen Assem
bly districts of the city. There were 7000
enrolled voters for the party at the time,
or. in other words, there were seventeen
members of the Democratic committee
who enrolled their names. At the meet
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali. There are' a thou-
sand virtues of soap; this
one is enough. You can
trust a soap that has no
biting alkali in' it.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people use it.
ing of the committee on credentials last
evening I had those rolls, and I told the
committee that they were open for their
Inspection, and I asked the members of
the committee to inspect the rolls and ex
amine the signatures and see if they were
not genuine.
A primary was held for the purpose of
choosing a new general committee in
April, 1898. That primary was held on the
basis of the enrollment that I have re
ferred to. The 154 representatives of the
contesting delegation were chosen at the
primaries in the several districts on the
basis of the enrollment held in March of
thia yeßr, and also on the basis of an ad
ditional enrollment held for three even
ings in the month of July. Now, gentle
men of the convention. I desire to say
that the Democratic party of San Fran
cisco is competent to govern itself, phe
constitution of the organization provides
as to how the organization shall be con
ducted. , . .
I claim here to-day that the spirit of
this constitution has been carried out. Now
I desire to say that it has been charged
that the gentlemen who are claiming
seats here as representatives of the San
Francisco Democracy are controlled by
some political bos=. They even went so
far as to say that I am only the emis
sary of some vulgar and corrupt politi
cal boas. I deny the charge and T defy
any man to prove that I have accepted
orders from any political boss. lam to
day, yes. I have always been, opposed to
the dictation of political bosssim In
every form. I am to-day, as T have al
ways been, in favor of co-operating in
any movement to free the Democratic
party, not only for the city and county
of San Francisco, but of this State, from
the grasp of any political boss. This cry
that we are emissaries of some political
boss is made and circulated by men who,
if you will examine into their political
records, have themselves been emissaries
of bosses. They have been the coad
jutors <>f political bosses in San Fran
i taco rind have helped to build up the
power of political bosses in that city from
1880 to 1592. Gentlemen, I appeal to you
as a Democrat. I appeal to you in the
name of the Democratic voters of tb«
city and county nf San Francisco to give
us an opportunity to carry out our
democratic right to manage our own af
fairs. If the State Central Committee
has the power o g n gown to San Fran
cisco and arbitrarily and arrogantly ap
point a county committee of the Demo
cratic party there without consulting the
wishes of the Democratic voters of that
municipality, they then have the same
SACRAMENTO'S FAIR SEX IS ATTENDING THE CONVENTION.
right to go into any county in this State j
and appoint a county committee for you.
The State central Committee is composed
at present of 129 members.
At the meeting of that body at which
the regtdar Democracy of San Francisco
was adjourned and destroyed there were
only &» members of the committee pres
ent and 70 absent. The proxies of tHe ab
sentees were all held by the members of
the committee of nine. They were beld
by three men, and thos« proxies were
voted by those three men against the
rights of the Democratic voters of San
Francisco. Gentlemen] I deny the right .
of the State Central Committee to thus,
Interfere with the regular organization, j
I ask of you in all candor, what has the
Democratic pnrty of San Francisco ever
done to merit this action? Have they not !
made it possible for victory to perch it
self upon th*> banners of the Democracy |
of this State? j
Did we not four years ago give 11,000
mnjoritv to Governor Budd? Can any j
county 'in this State show as good rec- j
ords?
All we ask of you, gentlemen, is fair I
play all we ask of you is simply justice, i
I recognize the fact tnat a minority re
port of the committee on credentials
has been presented. That report recom- !
mends the Beating of both delegations,
with the privilege to each of a half vote.
In the interest of the Democratic party
of San Francisco, in the interest of the |
Democratic party of the State and hi the
hope that the Democratic party of San
Francisco can again be solidified. T accept
the recommendation of the minority re
port of the committee on credentials, and
I state to you as a Democrat, if you will
adopt thf report of the minority, then
peace and harmony, in my judgment, will j
again reign supreme, and when the i
votes are counted on the Bth day of No- I
vember next there will be found a ma- |
iorlty for James G. Magulre that will
make him the Governor of California.
McNAB HAS THE FLOOR.
Mr. Wright of Los Angeles— l move that
the convention take a recess until 2
o'clock.
The Chair— Out of order. It is war now.
We will have another man to talk for.
an hour. .We have not fixed a time for
voting. We will set a time for voting,
and those who have voted can go and
get a little lunch and come back.
Mr. Crisp— l move that we vote on this
proposition at 2 o'clock and that debate
continue until that time.
The motion was seconded and carried.
Mr. Dwyer— As I understand the ar
rangement has been made to give each
side one hour to present its case and
every -gentleman on the floor of this con
vention who desires to present his views
five minutes.
The Chair— Very good. The motion now
In order is the motion of the bent Sen
ator California ever had on the platform
from his side of the house— Senator Steph
en M. White. (Three cheers were given
for Senator White.)
The Chair — Gentlemen, I present to you
Hon. Stephen :.i. White.
Senator \< r hlte— Mr. President and gen
tlemen of the convention: i have been
unfortunately extremely 11. for the
past three or four days, and this sudden
appearance on the stage, which at other
times might not frighten me a great deal,
leaves me in a condition where I cannot
if I would intrude in this debate to say
anything except, to. thank you and your
distinguished Governor for the courtesies
you have accorded me.
The Chair— Gentlemen of the conven- j
tion: While I go to take a little lunch
I will leave Mr. Dockweller to preside. I
request Mr. Dunn of San Francisco to
TTTE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 18, 1898.
name the party to represent his commit-*
tee.
Mr. Dunn— Mr. McNab will represent
our side for a portion of the time.
The Chair— How long will that give
Mr. McNab— Fifteen minutes, Mr. Chair-
The Chair— Mr. McNab, if you will step
forward we will hear from you for fifteen
minutes.
Mr. Dwyer — Upon our understanding the
arrangement was made here that each
side should have an hour for one spokes
man. 1 am informed that the other side
have arranged so that four of their able
speakers may have fifteen minutes apiece.
That was not the understanding or Major
Harney might have made some arrange
ment on his side.
"We do not think it is fair that those
who are in favor of the majority report
should resort to that subterfuge, that
they should bring on four speakers for
fifteen minutes each.
The Chair— The motion was to the
amendment made by Mr. Wright, as ta
ken by the secretary, that one hour
should be given to each side.
Mr. Wright— That was it.
Mr. McNab— Mr. Chairman and gentle-
men of this convention, I shall not co
Bume all your tin
by discussing the 1
k a 1 ti-chniculiU
and ' ii f - * arloufl eft
stltutlona of thrpa
ty in San Frnm-is
since it has been i
g.mized. reorganlz
a;i il disorganize
Vnii may make co
stitutions after co
Btitutlons, but
paper resolution w
make honest me
unless you have ho
est men in office
San Francisco. Yo
may furnish disho
esi "men with piedg
I and you may su
round them with all the paper constitu
tions you wish, but they will still steal,
and [am hen to speak for the honest
Democracy of San Francisco, as repre
bi nted by our distinguished Mayor, James i
D. PhelaiL (Applause.)
The a, t cf the Democratic State Central
Committee was an act <>f necessity. At
any time the governing body of the State
has a right to try and save the
party in any district in the State of
California, where an emergency has
arisen that threatens the very existence
of the party, and therefore that right
cannot be deprived, and it is a right that
1 am here to represent. A condition of
affairs had arisen at San Francisco which
necessitated the intervention of a higher
power, and thai higher power came upon j
tip scene in order that the good name of j
the Democracy should not be used for!
purposes that contaminated it. of discord
I and dishonor that would have destroyed
It. It was to save the life of the party in j
San Francisco that this work was done.
Now. gentlemen of the convention, I will <
not delay long upon this point, because j
you are more or less familiar with it. It
is obvious that this was an act of neces
sity thati justified the State Committee in
doing what was done. I know that there
are distinguished gentlemen here, some of
them are my friend? and not far from
San Francisco, who think it is better to
let a party rot and die than to apply the
surgeon's knife. I never was one of them.
1 know tt is nice to talk about conserva
tism, but it is better to be honest than
conservative. We l>eileve when a man is
put up to represent the Democracy he
| will' represent its principles upon which
! the party is founded, and those are the
principles on which I intend to speak.
I know that conservativeness is always
hnrrt, I know that compromise is also
hard, I know that harmony is also hard—
I. rcause of ten years <>f fighting this ques
tion of dishonesty in San Francisco. There
never yet assemWed any State convention
nor has there been a State convention
that a contest with the story that Major
HaTney told here has not been told be
fore—this idea of a gigantic enrollment
that never occurred. Of that nobody
knows in regard to excepting the three
or four men who made it up. This story
of the 35,000 votes that are sighing for
representation — that story has been
threshed nut before State convention af
ter State convention, and yet in the his
tory "f San Francisco never did a State
committee interfere in the cause of de
cency and Democracy in San Francisco
unless they failed to elect their ticket.
The decent voters of San Francisco be
lieve that any- step that Is undertaken
in their behalf and in the behalf of good
government deserves the support of the
voters, and they give it a most respectful
application. The first time a State Cen
tral Committee interfered there was no
organization at all. They simply recog
nized a body of independent citizens. At
that time the same statement was made
before the State committee that was I
made on this platform here to-day. That
statement does not differ— it is the same j
old story about these thousands and
thousands of voters that do not approve
of such a course. That story when it was
told for the first time eight years ago
before the State committee, the State
committee which completed a cam
paign in which there was plenty of har
mony—l say the entire time was devoted
about giving new men a chance. The
result of that action was that the entire
Democratic list of candidates, with a few
insignificant exceptions, was elected in
San Francisco, while not one man had
.been elected two years before, and at the
time the same men who were represent
ed before the State committee put up a
ticket of their own In San Francisco and
voted that ticket. Two years ago the same
thing was done. We heard the same
story then before the State committee and
before the State convention, and we heard
it until the day of election, and they put
up a separate ticket and the ticket that
the State committee recognized and the
State convention recognized was elected.
We carried San Francisco overwhelm
ingly.
ONE SAMUEL RAINEY.
The .condition that now exists in San
1 Francisco, or did exist before the State
Central Committee interfered, was: One
Samuel Balmy, a resident of the county
of Alameda, who has a business office in
San Francisco doing politics for the cor
porations, had, by the aid of the patron
i age. secured the absolute control of the
party organisation. When they assembled
! that so-called committee, without author-
I ity of the chairman, they reorganized the
party and Bet to work to secure from Mr.
! Rainey the control of the organization.
From the fact that James D. Phelan. in
the Interests of the people, had inuiiffur
: ated a crusade against the ass (dated and
corrupt \illains Of the town, and who
were violating the rights of citizenship.
Mayor I'helan discovered that it was
necessary that San Francisco should elect
a Board of Freeholders, in conjunction
i with ether decent representatives of other
I organisations in San Francisco, and that
i that Board of Freeholders should formu
••THE GEORGE WASHINGTON
OP TH6- CO^ v S« N »Tipr» ♦ • ♦
late a modern municipal charter. That \
was not satisfactory to the corporations.
They arranged that Mr. Samuel Rainey j
was to capture this organization and !
throw out the chairman, Colonel William ,
Bullivan, whose fealty for the AJayor and !
for g-ood government could not be doubt- i
cd. What did they do? They associated
themselves with those Republican bosses,
Philip Crimmins, Kelly, Curry and j
Spreckels, and put up a union ticket in )
the interest of the associated villains, in
order to bind San Francisco to the cor
rupted privileges of these men. Those
men so assembled placed a ticket of fif
teen freeholders in the field. Mayor |
Phelan of the Democracy— and ninety
nine hundredths of all San Francisco
stands by Mayor Phelan— Mavor Phelan
put up his own ticket. The Democratic
name, the party designation, was peddled
out to Mr. Spreckels, Mr. Curry, Mr. '
Crimmins and Mr. Harney, to use for cor- :
porations as they saw fit, and- no man
ever suspected of voting for Mr. Wil-
Uam J. Bryan was allowed to go on that
ticket. Mayor Phelan rested on the Dem
ocracy that Colonel Sullivan organized.
The Democrats backed that organization
of Mayor Phelan which named the fifteen
men who ran as Freeholders in San Fran
cisco, and the result of that election was
that the highest men on this ticket that
Major Harney says has got 35,000 Demo
cratic votes, and which Mr. Crimmins ,
support oil, Mr. Kelly .supported and Mr. :
Spreckels supported, and which did not j
have any assistance in San Francisco ex
cept the Sap. Francisco Examiner and San
Francisco Bulletin, elected every man on
It from the highest man, and on Mr. Har
ney's ticket they could not show the low
est man, for the reason that the Mayor's
ticket was so far away.
These men formed a charter which win
be the pride of San Francisco and will be
the pride of the Democracy of the State.
These men have framed that charter
for the united antagonism of every ele
ment of Indecency of the corrupt interests
of San Francisco. The result of that
election was but a repetition of the elec
tion previously held. That charter was
carried by the same vote and the 35,000
Democratic vote that you have heard so
much about did not carry a precinct in
San Francisco. That was the situation
as it existed at that date and the State
Central Committee having found that the
principles of the party were being vio
lated and the Democratic party was be
ing hawked about as a designation to be
used by the corporations against the peo
ple and that the life of the Democracy
of San Francisco required the surgeon's
knife, they put it in where they
thought it would do the most good. That
is the condition as it existed and that was
the reason for the interposition. Is the
Democratic party organised for the Re
publican party, is It a matter in their
hands, or is it a designation for Demo
crats to stand for Democratc principles,
decency and Integrity?
Now we hear a great deal about the fact
that these delegations were appoint*-'!. I
regret that there was any necessity at
this time that any delegate should )>•■ ap
pointed to the convention. lam person
ally in favor of primaries wherever they
can be held and whenever they can be
held in a way to bring out the Demo
cratic vote. I stood before tue Supreme
Court in behalf of the Stratton primary
law and I labored with the Senators of
the last Legislature In the consideratiqn
of that Instrument and I will labor with
the Senators at the next -Legislature and
aid them in every way in putting It into
force. You cannot conduct a primary
without great detail. lam in favor of
these men, the committee of one hundred,
conducting the primary as lone as they
possibly can. lam in favor of them la
boring for' it until they find they are in
a condition to get out the Democratic
vote. It is absolutely impossible to con
duct a primary under these conditions.
Now there is no delegation of 150 elected
by primary; that Is a subterfuge. Sam
Ramey desired to have so many men
nominated, and a week before the pri
mary was held every man elected here
was nominated by Sam Rainey and pub
lished in the papers. Now how could Sam
Rainey, sitting in his Alameda Warm
Springs house, know that it has been
taken nway from his chairmanship and
his guidance by interfering means not
chargeable to the gentlemen who repre
sent the other committee at all? Not
to get personal or anything of that kind—
and I do not want It taken from any
word that I may say — whether true or
false, I do not know, but it was asserted
In San Francisco that the other commit
tee was dissatisfied with its chairman
and was at last owned absolutely by a
man known as a boss, by one who had
no confidence of the voters. In the spirit j
of what I thought would be harmony—
and I am as largely responsible for that
as any man on the oommlttee of nino — 1 !
proposed to wipe them both out and put |
in a new committee, hoping that would ;
solidify the party, and it is a pleasure to j
me now to know that not one word in all \
this matter has ever been said against j
the personnel of that committee of 100.
They stand there the representatives of
our principles; they stand as men who
have been prominent in business and
whom the people are willing to trust as
against any bosses, and that is the best
that can be said of any man. I have
hoard my^frlends In the Alameda delega
tion who tllffered with me. They have
been termed the old war horses. They |
advocated a great deal about coming
down close to the people. I agree with
them, but T say the way to stand close to
the people is to stay away from th
bosses. [Applause.]
I agree with them. I am willing
follow a leader, but I believe there Is
difference between a boss and a leade
The boss has no politics; he never hac
What he has get is for sale (applau
and cries "Right you are!"). The boss
In politics for what he can make out of
He has no principle. He believes in vi
lation of every rule of decency that
oot punishable by law openly. He. b
Kb In violating every rule of law whii
an and not g*t caught. (Applau
cheers.) The leader on the oth
states to you what his views are and
asks that you believe with him. The
way to get close to the people 1b to cut
aloof from the bosses, just as any one
would cut loose from a company of
thieves. I know the gentleman who will
follow me will say that the other side
violated the primary principle. I say the
present idea of primaries in San Fran
cisco, with no law to punish infractions.
Is as dangerous as if there was no law
to punish persons for swearing falsely.
I am for primaries, and I think they can
be held, but not until this State will pass
some primary law to punish a man for
abusing the primary acts.
Mr. Deuprey followed. He said: My
respected friend was pleased to challenge
upon this platform any one to deny that
the committee of which he claims to be
chairman Is the legally and properly au
thorized committee In any wise, and
should 1 , under any circumstances be con
sidered by this convention. At 'the time
that the committee of twenty-five was
appointed, of which Major Harney wj3
a member, and of which committee he
acted In the appointment of a general
committee, which general committee sub
sequently had after Mr. Watkins, Colonel
W. P. Sullivan as chairman, was
sought to be disrupted by illegal acts.
Both of those who seek to represent the
co-called committee of the city and
county of San Francisco were followed
by the successors appointed through Col
onel W. P. Sullivan, under the constitu
tion which then existed, of which com
mittee I have the honor to be elected
chairman and to remain chairman until
the contest was presented before the
State Central Committee, and then Major
Harnoy was heard before that commit
tee and he consented to the proposition
of the committee of nine, taking this
matter In hand to determine which was
the legal committee.
Before that committee of nine he not
only appeared, but also the secretary of
his so-called committee. Mr. McGovern,
and both were heard. Mr. Popper, on be
half of the committee of which I was
chairman, was heard, and after all the
evidence was in, that committee took the
evidence under advisement. I took no
part in Its deliberations, although a mem
ber of that committee by consent of Major
Harney, and that committee came to the
conclusion as the reports of the State
Central Committee amply prove. In black
and white, that the committee would not
recognize either one. In this report it
Is suggested that a selection be made of
100 members as a new committee for the
purpose of protecting the interest of the
Democracy of the city and county of San
Francisco. The names, after a great deal
of labor, were carefully selected and were
presented with the report to the State
Central Committee. That report which
follows the resolution which was intro
duced by Mr. McGee was unanimously
carried. The resolution as amended was
carried unanimously. Major Jiarney will
not deny that he was a member of the
State Central Committee on that occa
sion.
PHELAN FOR PURITY.
I . There had been repeated calls for Plje-
Lan, and at last the Mayor responded. He
spoke earnestly ana
won - the most ap
plause of the day.
He said: I feel loth
to Impose at this
dour ■• upon your
time. I think the
convention •■ is ■* en
titled to thanks for
Its great patience in
listening ■to this case
Df San Francisco/
md on behalf of.San
Francisco I thank
you i for your . ; pa
tience. We have in
truded too long upon
your deliberations.
This question, im
portant as it is,
should have been set
tled last night. "We found the mistake
had been made of -^rmitting argument
before the committee to be repeated again
before the convention: ''■ -r " ' "• ■ :
I occupy a delicate position as Mayor of
San Francisco. T feel that 1 should be
instrumental as far as possible in bring
ing harmony out of confusion and chaos,
but. there are some thingS which we can
not in justice to ourselves pass over: You
cannot jump- half way -down* "the Niagara.
You must either stand by /our principles'
or desert them. There has been too much
indulgence in personalities.. and my name
has been" used here and others have been
used, and the members of the convention
are disposed to accept the standing of
men .who advocate one cause or another
as conclusive, and to that extent I am
glad that -we have inquired so dil.igently,
although at bo great a loss of time, into
the irTtrits and argument of the case. I
hesitated about becoming a speaker for
fear that I might appear to many as one
of the factions ; coming from San * ran^
cisco. I would -have much preferred to
have been in the role of representing the
people, since for the two , years . I have
been fighting hand to hand at close, quar
ters with a power that is strong and
whose corrupt methods I have learned to
appreciate.. I feei in my heart ; and soul
that the men represented- by the commit
tee of ■ 100 • here - are . arrayed ■ with a sin
cerity of purpose and strength capable of
prevailing against that power.- I- do
not Impute dishonesty to other men,, but
I know that in the city of San Francisco j
there is ,a boss" .who seeks to control con- I
ventions and that he has capacity for con- I
trolling small bodies of men because his !
weapons are such as you and I woum not I
employ.
I have seen the Board of Supervisors of
San Francisco pulled down before this
power. ■ I have seen the Board of Educa-
tion disgrace the municipality and the
! party name. It has been known in other
■ years that men whom you and I person
ally know have yielded to that power, but
some of us have tried to resist it. It has
been asserted here that a delegation was
sent to contest our seat and that power
, sympathizes with " their cause/. I : can
only tell from the personnel of that dele
: ! gation whether it be true or not. "■_■ I will
I tell you here that the boss of San Fran
i Cisco is the fountain head of corruption
and has relations and intimate relations
! with the men who are knocking at the.
door of this convention for admission in
• the name of the Democratic party. (Ap-
I plause.) - ' - ■ '' - ••■ ■;.::.
1 ! Major Harney— l want to ask the gen
1 tleman a question. If lam permitted I
want to ask the gentleman if he includes
1 the -chairman of the committee of 450 as
. being controlled by. political bosses? Do
" you claim. that P. J. Harney is controlled
•by that boss? ' '. ' ' ." .' '
! Mayor Phelan— Gentlemen of the * con
1 ventibn. Major Harney is at the head of,
. the contesting delegation. I know that
• he has been one of our most redoubta
! ble opponents. I know that we have gone
• into the campaign. -for- a. clean municipal
l government in San Francisco and he .was
• not with • us. I . know that arrayed
• against us was this boss and his so-called
1 organization. The Republican bosses and
i their organization were subservient tools
: of the Southern Pacific Company and we
I met them In open and fair combat. and
! 1 beat them twice. There are- those who,
I I am informed, are disposed to sympa
i thiae, with the contesting delegation; who
>.' I are new recruits and who* took no part
• : in these battles during. the. past two yea7;s.'
j .They are honorable gentlemen and I was
greatly surprised- to see them arrayed on
that side, .and I can hardly understand
the causes which sometimes cloud the
mind. Perhaps some of the men have
borne the brunt of battle, and gome are
men who are not personally popular. I
feel that there is some ■■ opposition com-
, ing from the other side that comes on
I personal consideration. . I feel there are
new recruits, who perhaps may be spokes
men for the other side, who are simply
blinded by devotion to a principle with
out making any account of i practical re
suits. We have no primary law to-day» I
there is no protection for the vote.*: '■.
there Is no test .by. which a Democrat c*n ■
be known from a Republican under «he j
laws and forms that exist. His men will |
go to those polls, and as a result a Demo- 1
cratic convention will be dominate by
a Republican boss. I say we hj>ve no
primary laws. We are devoted to - the i
primary system if it' can. be give* to us j
In purity. If it cannot be given to us
with the safeguards that:surrou»d a gen- .
eral election, then we shall *»ort to
such means as are at hand « effect a
representation in the convention by the
Democratic party. -- 1 ,- • / . . ■■■ _ )
-What t was : that, means 7 at hand? ,- We
; say the State Central Comirrttee, the su- :
j preme' -"■•wer of the "Democratic party, be
; tween conventions, surrounded by such :
! conditions Sas invited, the* 'ate. -that ' the
I Democratic party would/be betrayed in j
the house of . its friend. /We" asked that |
our -Democracy might V* .preserved that j
we .might, come up -her* f as free men and !
! speak for the great cr-nse for which our I
platform and Judge itagulre. will stand." !
(Cheers.) r What a mcfkery it would be if j
a boss of that city apt a delegation here, ;
reeking as he .is'wltfr bribe money of the j
gas and electric companies, ; from the !
Southern Pacific company, of great cor- i
. porations who escape their share of taxa
tion, in ; that city. One of the first men in j
this city, a citizen without a peer, who has
relations in a business way with these
corporations, t<»ld me; "You cannot win
that battle. T>ey disburse $200,000 a year
i and that is' impregnable;. and invincible."
Is it, Democrats? (Yells ; of '-'No,
no.")'
I heard ■ Senator Morgan . the" other . day
I speak in tr* ; Chamber of Commerce of
San Franc-sco.: He had been previously
! interviewed by the press and he said he
was opposed to territorial expansion^ out
i side of tie Hawaiian Islands: but in his
! speech >efore that body of men, whose
eyes' a*- citizens of -California. were look
ing eaperly out upon the. broad expanse of
i the PfCific, 3 ' hoping that the national pol
1 icy right favor '■ expansion, he said:
"Gen»lemenof San Francisco, -there are
BObm things at which my judgment hesi
tate/, hut at the ; same : time my heart.' and
:mv conscience are convinced." ; ■/ ' •:
md I say now to you, gentlemen of this
J Democratic : convention, if you haye a .
7 " ' •:
doubt in your mind, a quibble raised by
an attorney , as to the regularity of these
proceedings; if you doubt, which you
cannot, that the State Central Commit
tee had full authority, or that It
had done wisely, I say to you, Discard
your judgment and give voice to the dic
tates of your heart and conscience, and
place this Democratic party upon a plat
form that Will enable it to go before tha
IKople of San Francisco, where the great
deciding vote will be polled for one causa
■>r the other; and let us say that this
convention is and was free; that it has
been devoted to the past and is devoted
'now to the cause of personal freedom
without dictation, and to that great, ab
sorbing issue the destruction of the dom
ination of the railroad' and the other
bribe-giving corporations which haif
• undermined not only our municipal gov
ernment, but, through the courts. I am
sorry to say. and through the Legisla
ture; and even recently through Con
gress, laid a mine which when exploded
in a revolution which we should strive
to avert, will destroy the very fabric^
the American Government. (Vigorous ap
plause). _
DISSOLVE THE FACTIONS.
Mr. Honey-Mr. Chairman, I desire to
offer a ' substitute . for the two reports
made before the convention. vc ; :
The Chair-The gentleman desires to or.
ter ~ substitute. If there is no objection
we will hear it. •
The secretary reads as follows:
Without passing upon the question of
the power of the State Central Committee
to appoint a committee to . govern any
county in this State, or to invest such
committee with - the power to appoint
delegates to a State, or any other conven
tion",
Resolved, that the conditions existing
in the Democratic party in San Fran
cisco at the time justified the State Cen
tral Committee in refusing to- recognize
either of the contesting factions as the
legally constituted governing body f and
said State Central Committee was fully
justified in proceeding to reorganize the
party and possessed ample power so
t0 Resolved, further, That in order to se
cure harmony, and preserve. the best in
terests of the | party, the delegates \> ap
pointed by the committee of one hundred
are hereby declared entitled to seats in
this" convention; with the express reser
vation, however, that they shall not par
ticipate in, and are hereby • declared to
have no power to take part in, the nomi
nation of a Congressman for either tne
Fourth or Fifth Congressional, districts.
Resolved, further. That the State Cen
tral Committee which shall be chosen by
this convention is hereby instructed to
immediately proceed to prepare for ana
hold, primaries in the city and county of
San- Francisco- under its own direct and
personal supervision and control by the
club roll system. Such piimaries shall be
for the following purposes, to-wit: First,
The election of a committee of 104 mem
bers,' which shall constitute the official
governing, body of the Democratic party
for the city and county of San Francisco
until June 1, 1900, each Assembly' district
to be entitled to as many members of said
committee as it is entitled to delegates to
this convention.
Second— The election of delegates to
the district convention for the Fourth and
Fifth Congressional districts; and said
district convention shall be held at such
time and place as the State Central Com
mittee shall direct; and the delegates to
Bald Fifth Congressional District for the
counties, of San ,Mateo and Santa Clara,
who are entitled to seats In this" conven
tion, shall be entitled to seats in said
district convention. '
Third— " election of delegates to a
municipal and -legislative convention,- for
said city and county of San Francisco;
to ,be composed of such a number of
members and to meet at such time as
said State Central Committee shall ad
judge right.
Resolved further. .That" the County
Committee for the city and county ** San
Francisco shall hereafter be chosen every
two years in the manner hereinbefore
prescribed until such time as a. different
plan is provided by the duly assembled
Democratic ctttiventiah oi this State.
, .Resolved; further. That the said com
mittee, of one -hundred,... the so-called
"Harney" committee and the .so-called
"Sullivan" 3 committee : are * hereby each
and all dissolved and declared to have no
Tight to exercise the functions of an of
ficial Democratic governing body for the
city and * county of San Francisco. :
Mr. Heney — I would like five minutes,
then, to speak if the question is before
the house. .-• ". - ■•• a :■•■■■■■.
The Chair— previous question is
1 . !
-,L Men full of life. . Men whose blood
goes bounding to every part of their
entire system. Life, joy, full pleas-
ure and vigor mark these men. They
were weak and puny. What altered
their condition? '"Hudyan. " What
it "Hudyan ?" It is the great reme-
io-treatment of the Hudson/an Insti-
\ite.. Have you abused your liver?
■ I you have, "Hudyan" will make up
'or your f011y. .... Have you erred in
other ways ?J'-l If so, ask \ what '.'Hud'
yan" does for those who are puny and
weak. Testimonials and circulars are
sent to you without a particle .of * ex- .
pense. Why not have them? • Surely
you do not wish to continue to be a
half-man Write ■: to-day. Ask for
medical advice if you are ill.. Abso-
lutely no expense to you. * . . ■ \
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
COX? STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STB. t
;.*.' San Francisco, Cal. . ;.
i>
All Facial Blemishes. Skin and Scalp Disease*
permanently cured: featural Irregularities cor-
rected by experienced physicians at the 'JOHN 1
H. WOODBVRY INSTITUTE. 127 West Forty,
second St.. New York. ' Use Woodburjr*» ■ Facial
Soap, Facial . Cream and ■ Facial : Powder > and
Dentu.l Creask . ;;; • , • _ •■> r■; * wlFACTIONS ARE STILL FIGHTING
now moved and seconded unless there is
a withdrawal of that motion. It is far
better for the Democracy to whip out the
•"•.. straw now than during the next two
months. Mr. Heney Is one of the best
members of our party, and all he asks is
•a five minutes" indulgence.
Mr. Rogers— l withdraw my objection.
Mr. Heeney— Mr. Chairman and genue
. men of the convention, 1 am a member of
the committee of one hundred which has
been so often referred to in this discus
sion. 1 feel that it is due to myself as
well as to the convention that 1 should
state the exact position in which I find
myself. I presume that I am the gentle
.. man that was referred to by our honored
Mayor, Mr. Phelan, when he said that
We nave recruits among us who are going
: forward with a fanatical devotion to
principle without looking to results. Gen
tlemen and fellow-Democrats, there have
: been thousands of men in the history of
this world who have given up their lives
•"•• as a sacrifice to the establishment of a
principle, and each and every one of these
men was at th« time declared to be a
fanatic.
Gentlemen of the convention: To me
human liberty is a much greater and
dearer thing than the lowering of the
taxation in the city and county of San
Francisco. The Democratic party has
boen the bulwark against i. c encroach
ments upon the liberties of tne people,
and it Is to that party that we must look
for protection to-day and not to the
representatives of the great corporations
Of the country who declare themselves, as
a rule, members of the Republican
• pa»ty, and upon the argument that has
often been made to me: "Why don't
you come In as a Republican; you find a
much better class of people in the Repub
lican party than you rind In the Demo
cratic party." judging the people by the
character of coats they wear upon their
backs. I am not in favor of depriving
•the Democratic party of San xrancisco of
' .tne right to say who shall be its repre
sentative in a State convention or In a
. municipal convention or In a district con
vention. Now, then, this committee of
.100 refused to hold primaries, and I will
admit that the tight for primaries was
' made in that committee at a day when
it was too late for the committee to suc
cessfully hold honest primaries for the
• election of delegates to the State conven
tion.
•1 say that the delegation known as the
Harney delegation must. In the interest
•■of good government, walk out of this
'. convention and not demand that they be
seated, just as Mr. Dockweiler. who is a
\yei!-known anti-railroad man, acquiesced
: in the good judgment r>t the Los An
•-.'. geles delegation and of this convention,
when he submitted gracefully and said:
"I Vv-HI not ask to be made chairman of
this, convention in view of the fact that
■ this charge has been made against me,
false as it is."
The Chair— The question is on the mo
tion of Colonel Gibson to adopt the ml
■' nority report, giving to the delegation
: represented by Major Harney half a vote
■■in this convention and making certain
. other recommendations.
. ..After the roll call was completed the
chair announced the result as follows:
■'The vote as passed stands IMVj> ayes,
421 ! 2 noes, without San Francisco being
■ counted." (Applause. i
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
'. "The report of the committee on perma
.-, pent organization and order of business
.. : was then read by the secretary.
V." The following is the report:
. ■ 1. Permanent officers of this convention.
y' 2, Reception of report on credentials.
...'.'. 3. Report of the chairman of the State
: : : Central Committee on fusion, which shall
• ..be submitted without debate, and ap
. pointment by chairman of a committee on
•'■ Elusion to consist of seven members.
'■'.-. 4. Consideration of the plan for govern
• : .rnent of the State Central Committee,
• ..which is herewith presented.
■ :.': .' a. Reading of report of fusion commit
. .'tee and action thereon.
.6. Report of committee on platform and
. : - resolution.
' '•' 7. .That nominations be made in the
• •following order, to, wit: First, Governor;
■•second,* lieutenant Governor; third, two
■;As'soefar.e "Justices of the Supreme- Court;
' .Fourth, Secretary of State; . fifth. Con
troller; Sixth, Treasurer; Seventh, Attor
•; ney General; eighth. Surveyor General;
.. ninth. Clerk of the Supreme Court; tenth,
- Superintendent of Public Instruction;,
"eleventh, State Printer; twelfth, nomina
tion of district officers, members of the
• State Board of Equalization, Railroad
• -Commissioners; thirteenth, election "of
... members of State Central Committee.
: . ■8. That- members of said State Cen
■•tral Committee be empowered to fill va
•: fancies "in-; the list of nominees of this
' •convention,^ in ' accordance with section
t 1192 of 'the Political Code of the State of
■.California; and in the event that any dis
" trict convention fails to provide for the
••'fllllng of any vacancy in the lißt of noml
'■nees. then such power is hereby delegated
to the State Central Committee. 1
'.. ; S.- There shall be no change of votes
u ntil the close of rollcall. '
• 10. Rollcall shall be made by counties
I in alphabetical or Assembly districts, and
■ the chairman of each delegation shall an
nounce the vote, thereof : except .where the
poll of the delegation demanded by tne
; delegates. ■ '•'•
• 11. When a member' of any delega
tion Is absent from the convention his
. vote may be cast by a majority vote of
the delegation, provided he has left no
' -proxy. ■ ' .
,'■'• 12. Whenever 7 ' a county conven
tion ha.« made a rule respecting its dele
gation or the right to vote a proxy the
.' same' shall ->c binding on this 'convention.
.:■ •13. r All resolutions • shall be referred
'without debate.
' . 14. Selection of the State Central Com
mittee.
i ■ The State Central Committees shall con
' sist of twenty -members at large to be
•' appointed by every gubernatorial noml
■" nee: Two from efteh Congressional dis
: trict to be elected by the delegates to the
' Concessional convention; one from each
-'. Assembly district comprising a county or
- less than a county, to be elected by the
"delegates to the State convention; pro
vided that any county forming a part of
••an 'Assembly district shall be entitled to a
•member of the committee.' The members
,"■ of the State Central Committee must be
. selected by.the delegates of each county or
■ Assembly or Congressional- district, to be
.'.reported to the State convention before
• the final adjournment; provided further
that the temporary, permanent and vice
• chairman of this convention shall be
.".members at large of the State Central
.■■Committee. \
• 15. From the members of the
: State Central Committee there shall be
.'selected a committee of five persons wh<»
' shall constitute and perform duties re
■quired by the provision of an act entitled
" "An act to promote the purity of elections
by regulating the conduct thereof." Ap
• proved February 23, 1893. And when said
■' committee is named, , the chairman and
- secretary or this convention shall certify
to the name as required by law.
ISIDORE B. DOCKWEIL.ER.
• • .. . Chairman. .
' ■ it was moved and seconded that the re
•■" port be adopted. Carried.
•. The Gentlemen, permit me to
• present to you the Hon. Mr. Casein, the
.permanent chairman of this convention.
••' [Applause.]
Mr. Gentlemen of ' the convon
. tion. as the hour is late and as this ses
sion has been very tedious, I will not In
dulge to any extent in attempting to
„ make an address to you at this time, but
• Ido feel It my duty to express to you my.
sincere thanks for this great honor which
..;" you have conferred upon me. I believe,
gentlemen of the convention, that we are
 entering into this campaign under the
•v most favorable ausoices. Four years ago
• we held a State convention and we nom
.. -ina'ted a ticket and we made certain
• pledges to the people of the State of Call
,v- fornia, and I am prouu not only. as. a
. Democrat but as a citizen of this State to
-.■ say -that the present administration as
' carried out these pledges to the letter.
[Applause.]
• . If we adopt, eentlemen of the conven
• tion, a declaration of principles with
\ which the Democrats of this State are In
. .accord, and if we nominate men who are
■ close' to the people of this State and who
. have their confidence, we can win this
' '. battle easily. * . .
.. •■ Our platform must be permeated with
:■ the spirit. of equal rights to all and spe
• cial privileges to none. (Applause.) We
• . must meet the paramount issue which
"•; cannot be avoided in this campaign.
. ' which Is: "Shall the people of the State
''of California govern themselves or shall
they be governed by the Southern Pa
" rifle Railway?" That is our battle cry
In this campaign, and with that as our
battle cry and with the right candidates
we, will win.. (Applause and cheers.) I
- thank. you. gentlemen. .
Mr. ,McNab— l move you. sir. a voto of
'. thanks to the temporary chairman of this
convention/who has so ably presided over
our deliberations so far, the Governor of
the State. James H. Budd, by a rising
vote. Carried unanimously.
Governor Budd was called on for a few
remarks, and he responded in his usual
cheerful manner, reviewing his experi
ences as Governor, and expressing, com
miseration for the man who should suc
ceed him.
It Is moved and seconded that a com
mittee of seven on fusion should be ap
pointed by the chair. Seconded and car
ried. On motion an adjournment was
taken until 8 p. m.
PLATFOBM AND RESOLUTIONS
Congressman Maguire Asks to Be
Advised as to the Party's Po
sition on the Spanish War.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA-
, ! MENTO, Aug. 17.— committee on
. , platform and resolutions met at 6 o'clock,
i i with Seth Mann of Alameda in the chair.
■ i Ben H. Maddox was unanimously chosen
to act as secretary.
i Congressman Maguire was present and
i the chairman asked him If he had any
. suggestions to offer concerning the plat
1 form to be presented to the convention
for Its adoption.
"I would not presume to draft a plat
; form," . replied Magu.'re, "but there are
i matters of grave importance to be consid
; ered. I have secured copies of the former
platforms of the Democratic party, so that
: gentlemen may have them at hand in the
event of your wishing to refer to them.
There is one thing I would say, however,
': and that is that the platform should be
i so drawn that it will not conflict with the
platform already drawn by one of the
great reform parties."
"Have you any suggestions to offer on
international questions?" asked Chairman
Mann.
"You refer to the present war?"
"Yes," replied the chairman.
"I would like very much to consult
either with the whole committee or a sub
committee," said Maguire, "on the planks
referring to international and Federal
legislation."
••I then move," said Walker C. Graves,
"that a sub-committee of three be ap
, pointed on international and Federal
questions, to confer with Judge Maguire."
The motion prevailed and Judge Harris
,i of Fresno, Thomas L. Ford and L. L.
• Boone of San Diego were appointed to
serve on the committee. i
: The matter of appointing sub-commit
tees to consider the planks to be put In
the platform on questions of State and
I national importance < was then taken up.
: It was the general opinion that the work ,
of looking over resolutions and sugges- |
tions sent to the committee be segregated
and sub-committees appointed to facili
tate the work.
Joseph Leggett said that it would be
advisable to at once appoint a sub-com
mittee to look into the planks concerning i
railroads and other highways. George S. I
Patton, Joseph i^eggett and J. J. Dwyer
were accordingly appointed to serve on
that committee. ■
Walker C. Graves, M. T. Dooling
and M. C. Hassett were appointed to draw
up a preamble to the platform and to
Maddox. Veuve and Rust was delegated
the work of outlining a plan to bring the
warring San Francisco factions together.
J. F. i-arraker, G. W. Hamilton and
Thomas L. Ford were appointed to frame
the planks on mines and mining. he
committee then proceeded to read the res
olutions and written suggestions sent to
the chairman and secretary.
Among the suggestions was one present
ed by Franklin K. Lane, advising the
party to protest against the return of
the Philippine Islands to Spain and con
gratulating the people on the fact that
the war is over. J. W. Kerr, represent;
ing the Manufacturers' and Producers
Association, forwarded a resolution pro
testing against; the sale of the products
of" convict labor. , Milk Inspector Dockery
of San Francisco was also present to ad
vocate the Insertion of a plank pledging
the legislative nominees to pass-^tx.ingent
pure food laws. Another resolution
pledged the Democratic Legislature elect
ed next fall to work for the passage of the
Fitzgerald labor bills, that were -defeated
at tf£ last session of the ; Legislature.
These resolutions, together with the fol
lowing communications from the Railroad
Employes Association. of Calif a were
referred to the proper sub-committees for
consideration. - >.'
To the Committee on' Platform and Resolu
tions of the Democratic State Convention. Sac
ramento Cal.-Gentlemen: We, the representa
t^eTofthe Associated Railway Employes of
California appear before your honorable body
for the purple of respectfully submitting for
your consideration a matter of vital concern to
the railway employes of this State.
For several years it has. been the custom of
political parties in this State to agitate the
question of reduction in the earnings of the
railroad properties by inserting planks In their
platforms advocating and pledging candidates.
In the event of election, to effect certain ar- j
bitrary reductions in the rates of fares and
freights, which reductions men of experience
in such matters declare to be Impracticable,
and if accomplished would be highly disastrous
to those great interests from which we derive
our employment, and could only result disas
trously to ourselves. : .
We cannot believe that it Is the Intention or
desire of the Democratic party to bring about
a condition of affairs that would work a hard
ship to the railway employes of California and
those dependent upon them for support. We.
as railway employes, are deeply concerned In
I the maintenance of the present standard of
wage? and would greatly deplore and deprecate
any action, political or otherwise, which might
tend to make such a reduction therein a re
mote probability.
We the representatives of the organization
of railway employes referred to, appear before I
this honorable body solely on our own account I
and of our own motion, Impelled to do so from |
motives of self-protection. There are upward of |
20 000 railway employes In California who to
day have their thoughts centered on the pro
ceedings of this convention, hoping that they,
through the interest they represent, may re
ceive at the hands of this convention Just, fair
and considerate treatment, to the end that ]
they need not be filled with apprehension lest |
their personal welfare be Jeopardized by any
hostile attitude on the part of this great party
toward the Interests whose prosperity is bur
prn <.-ity and whose adversity would be our
! adversity.
We earnestly hope and pray that further
agitation of the transportation question, which
Is so Injurious and disquieting In Its effects,
may be omitted in the coming campaign and
JAMES H. BARRY'S OPINION,
That if Nominated for Congress He Will Be Elected,
and Will Follow in the Footsteps of His
Friend, Maguire.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 17. — I did not arrive here until about noon
to-day and am not so familiar with the situation as others who came
before. I believe that the convention is thoroughly representative of
true Democracy and will adopt a strong anti-monopoly and anti-boss
platfarm. It certainly must do so to carry the State.
Majuire is a platform in himself and as our standard bearer he
will ratyy to his support thousands of Republicans who would not
v*ote for any other Democrat and he is assured of polling his full
vote as well as the votes of all the real Simon-pure Populists. I do
not consider the middle-of-the-railroaders who will follow the lead
of Shanaaan and Cator either Populists or Democrats. They
are really vithout "local habitation or a name." Our fight must be
on^broad principles based on equal rights for all and special privi
leges to none. With proper men nominated to represent these prin
ciples I feel certain that we will succe3d.
I believe that the Committee of One Hundred will be recognized.
There certainly should be no so-called half-vote given to the
Harney delegates. If entitled to anything tney are entitled to it all.
I do not think the appointment of delegates should or will be made a
precedent. I looK upon their appointment in the present instance
merely as a war measure.
As to my candidauy for Congressman from the Fourth District, I
may say that I have not approached a single delegate nor solicited
any man's support, although many delegates and friends have
kindly signified their intention of furthering my success, for which
I am, of course, appreciative and grateful.
If given the nomination I think I will be elected, and if elected
I will do all within my power to further the interests of the people
and to follow in the footsteps of Maguire, although it must be with
far less ability than that displayed by the next Governor of Califor
nia.
THE SAN FK AN CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 18, 189 S.
to that extent removed from the field of po
litical controversy, leaving the question to set
tle Itself In the natural course of events In ac
cordance with conditions properly governing
the problem, all of which are rapidly tend
ing toward a satisfactory solution of this
great question.
Our organized association Is composed of a
dons of citizens, the equal of any in Intelli
gence, honor and integrity, and are as loyal
to their country and State as any to be found.
Ours la also a non-partisan organization, be
ing composed of citizens of every shade of po
litical opinion, and the organization Itself be
ing political only In the sense of being pro
tective of those great interests which fur
furnish to vi« the opportunity of earning an
honorable livelihood.
In conclusion, we trust, gentlemen, that we
may be able to return to our homes and usual
vocations, and report to those of our fellow
employes who sent us here to wait upon this
distinguished body that so far as this con
vention Is concerned Just, fair and consider
ate treatment will be accorded to us and our
Interests, that we may rest in peace and con
tentment and our organization instead of feel-
Ing It incumbent to cast its entire strength
and Influence into the scale in defense of their
common interests, each member shall for him
self fully and freely affiliate with the party
representing his political faith. Respectfully
submitted:
H. L. Sanborn, W. V. Stratford, James I.
Felter, D. L. Fitzgerald, E. L.. Requin, Henry
Whitham, Gus S. Turner, H. A. Priest, W. C.
Henfro, James Garlick. H. E. Leonard. G. TV.
Hilbert, G. S. Gllmore. T. N. Heffron, M. D.
Smith. George H. dough.
Committee appointed by the Railway Em
ployes' Association of California.
Dated Sacramento, Cal.. August 15, 1898.
The committee then adjourned to meet
again at 10 o'clock to-night to receive the
reports of the sub-committees.
A HOT CAUCUS.
Discussion Over the Inorsement of J.
Q. Hughes for Associate Jus
tice of the Supreme Court.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Aug. 17.— The Los Angeles Coun
ty delegation had another hot caucus at
7 o'clock this evening in the rooms of
the Supreme Court. This time there was
a full attendance of the delegation. The
"push" and anti-push delegates were on
hand in their full strength. A committee
from the San Diego County delegation
was received. The gentlemen announced
that San Diego's delegation was willing
to give Los Angeles anything it desired
and in return therefor It would ask 81
votes for its candidate, J. G. Hughes, for
Associate Justice of the Supreme Court.
A motion was made by Thomas Caffery
that the caucus proceed to indorse can
didates for Associate Justice.
A rollcall was asked for and the result
was a declaration by the secretary that
there were thirty-six votes In the affirm
ative and forty-one In the negative. The
allegation was theft made that the tally
of votes made was crooked and another
rollcall was asked for and had. The re
sult of the second rollcall was thirty
seven affirmative votes and thirty-nine
negative.
nßefore the adjournment Delegate Thor-
• • LAYMANCtOF OAKLANO
6jZi*s. up the Situation ••
I as Donahue and Delegate John T. Gaf
: fey had a very wordy war over the ques
i tlon of the unit rule. Mr. Donahue inslst-
I ed that the unit rule was in force as to
Los Angeles' delegation, and Mr. Dona
hue declined to permit his vote to be cast
against his wishes. There was no passage
at arms and the caucus adjourned with
out incident or accomplishing anything.
The Los Angeles delegation has con
cluded to permit the nomination of \Y. R.
Hnrke for member of the* State Board of
Equalization from the Fourth District to
be made, if the eighty-one votes from
county will secure it.
At "first there was some opposition to
Burke, but it has disappeared, and If
Burke can ger sufficient support outside
of his own county he will be the nominee.
J AJKLISS li. UAItKY.
LOS ANGELES
IS OUT FOR
GANG RULE
Tried the Case of the Buck=
ing Harneyites Without
Hearing the Evidence.
Cassin, Upon Being Elected Permanent
Chairman, Showed He Was With
the Programmers.
BY HENRY JAMES.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, Sacra
mento, Aug. 17.— This has been a hard
day.
For hours I was one of hundreds who
sat in a hot hall listening to speeches
which, for all the effect they had, might
as well have been spoken into a phono
graph and dumped into a well. In vain
did Harney plead for the cause he rep
resented, and idly did McNab reiterate
the speech he had already delivered to
the credentials committee, while with
out avail the war horses of Democracy
snorted and pawed the air. For the
decision had been fixed in advance.
All words concerning it were wasted, a
trial to the ear and a mockery to the
understanding.
There was no variation from the pro
gramme.
Of course there were protests, but
when Ajax defied the lightning the ele
ments were stayed as effectually as
these protests stayed anything to-day.
I am not aiming to give an account
of the proceedings, but only to record
a few Impressions. Among these im
pressions is that there is more trickery
in Democratic politics than I had ever
supposed, and that while the theme of
the session was the iniquity of San
Francisco, the Los Angeles delegation
was exposed in the perpetration of a
fraud as course as ever marked the ca
reer of a Buckley. It is a very respect
able delegation composed of office-seek
ers, all proud of not wearing the rail
road collar and all wearing the collar
of somebody else.
The fact came out that this delega
tion had held a caucus and had decided
to vote as a unit against the Harney
faction, and this before the case had
been presented to the convention. This
struck me as an instance of unblushing
fraud. Los Angeles deems itself com
petent to Instruct San Francisco in the
ways of purity. The pot being pained
to note the blackness of the kettle is a
spectacle not devoid of humorous qual
ity.
I do not believe there was ever a
State convention so dull. There were
all attempts to infuse life into it, bits
of wit tossed by the presiding officer,
a show of patriotic fervor, an inkling
of personal disregard existing between
factions, now and then a note of anger.
There was no rise toward a climax,
there were no dramatic scenes.
Mayor Phelan made the speech that
won the most applause. Magulre was
mentioned occasionally, but there seem
ed no longer to be magic in the name.
The gavel fell tardily. Attention had
been called to the fact that at the
opening there had been no sign of
patriotism, no response to the sound of
patriotic melody, no acknowledgment
of the presence of the national colors
and of the honors won by American
arms. To-day an endeavor was made
to correct this. A resolution was adopt
ed to send congratulations to President
McKlnley and in presenting these reso
lutions J. J- Dwyer paid a graceful
tribute to the valor of soldier and sail
or. But this should have been done the
first day. It was too palpably an af
terthought due to suggestion.
There were three cheers, which Gov
ernor Budd remarked could be heard in
the White House, but those cheers if
given in the blue room of the executive
mansion would not have been detected
in the red room. They were feeble. The
tiger which was due to follow balked,
gurgled and died.
Soon the discussion in relation to the
two reports from the credentials com
mittee was in full swing. Major Har
ney was to have an hour, some repre
sentative of McNab another and other
speakers to follow as they pleased with
a five-minute limit. Harney spoke his
hour, rapidly, earnestly. Then ap
peared the first subterfuge of the day.
McNab announced that his hour was to
be divided among several orators,
headed by his own subtle brogue. This
was clearly against the agreement, but
it was permitted.
W. W. Foote and others first pleaded
against anything akin to gag law, and
in doing so made an allusion to McNab
which brought that leader of men -to his
feet and set his tongue to wagging dis
tressingly. However, Foote finished,
and when he was through there was
no misunderstanding as to the meaning
he had intended to convey. He con
siders McNab an interloper, his meth
ods dishonorable and denounced the ef
fort to cheat the people of the right
to govern themselves. He said the suc
cess of the effort would be to put a
knife into the heart of Democracy. The
knife is there now. I believe the Demo
crats of California to-day were gullty
of the indiscretion of suicide.
Between speeches Senator White
came in, was moderately cheered and
spoke with a brevity that was appre
ciated. He was the only speaker of
the day who appeared to regard brevity
with favor. After McNab had hogged
the time in telling how honest he was,
how unfit San Francisco Democrats
were to conduct their affairs without
his guidance, R. M. Fitzgerald gav<> the
cause a boost. Deuprey thundered a
few remarks. He was interrupted once
by Mr. Foote, who knocked some of the
electricity out of the Deuprey thunder,
but the thunderer did not seem to know
it. For some reason, inexplicable to me,
the audience stayed on. A good man
sent around fans by the hundred. His
advertlsen. Nt was on the back of each,
but as a bouquet to his worth I would
mention his name were I permitted.
Among the heartiest cheers of the
I day Phelan came forward. The Mc
| Nab hour had expired, but there was no
, tendency to hinder the Mayor, and, as
j I said above, his speech was by far the
i star oratorical effort of the afternoon.
| It was a thoughtful address, well word
i ed, and at times marked by eloquence.
| That he told many truths no opponent
j will deny, that his denunciation of the
Boards of Supervisors and the Board
of Education was merited by those gen
: erally disreputable bodies was deserved
I entertain no shadow of doubt. When
SW6RIPF -OONOHOe- OFYUBA
E-riJOY* LIFE -AT
Major Harney broke in with a question
the answer given him was so specific
and direct, yet so diplomatically ex
pressed, I am willing to bet the major
was sorry he had spoken. Major Har
ney had been praised even by those who
were opposing him. If there was any
praise in the Mayor's remarks I did not
hear them aright. There was a mo
mentary scene of confusion, but so uni
form had been {he dullness up to the
time of Fhelan's appearance, that a
fight on the floor would have been a
positive relief.
At this point up rose AriostoMcCrim
mon, one of the professional good men
from the south. He thought there was
no occasion for more talk, he said, and
to prove it kept on talking. He shook
a finger of warning at the Harney
camp, and let everybody know that
Los Angeles was pained and shocked to
note the sinful ways of the metropolis.
In his opinion the delegates already
knew which way to vote on the sub
ject. Mr. Foote brought out the fact
that Los Angeles had caucused and had
reached a decision before takinsr its
eighty-one seats in the convention. He
charged them with having done this,
and they would neither deny nor affirm.
Detected in the meanest act of the
session they were ashamed to confess
and afraid to plead innocence. Ido
not esteem this particular brand of re
formers. Finally when hard pressed
Patton went to the platform and trted
to justify the course taken. That he
did not justify it need hardly be said.
The gag rule he defended on the
ground that they were afraid some
black sheep of the Southern Pacific
might stray into the fold of Los Ange
les lambs, and the lambs did not pro
pose that this iniquituous sheep should
be permitted to say "B-a-a."
He did not tell what pious person had
the privilege of removing the gag, or
who had put it in. In fact the de
fense sot up by Los Angeles was worse
than none. That habit of shying every
time the Southern Pacific is mentioned,
of looking under the bed for the South
ern Pacific and pretending to view It
with the disfavor similar to that the
devil holds toward holy water is gen
erally a pretense, but when it is used
for the purpose of perpetrating a fraud
it loses even the aspect of virtue. For
one, I have as much respect for the
big Southern Pacific regue aa for the
little anti-Southern Pacific rogue.
I will pass over the rest of the
speeches, because that is the only prof
itable thing to do with them. They
consisted of encomiums to the worth
of somebody or other, and the speaker
who could find no one else to crown
with laurel laid a wreath on his own
bulsrina: brow. Perhaps he got laughed
at and perhaps he did not receive so
marked attention. There was a China
man in San Francisco who shot his
uncle a few months ago, and who ex
plained when asked: "Why, he too
muchee talkee." I am sorry they
hanged that Chinaman. He ought to
have been at the convention to-day.
Governor Budd made a fair presid
ing officer, and did much to relieve the
tedium of the creeping hours. He
might have refrained from makins: an
address after the permanent chairman
had assumed the gavel, for people were
tired and hungry. Budd had already
declared that he would not be a candi
date for any office, and as to what he
had accomplished while in office there
was nothing to be told. Besides. Per
manent Chairman Cassin had lust
made a speech, which I do not suppose
was of his own composition, and which
might have been omitted without seri
ous loss. Cassin is not a man of fine
presence. His voice was never Intend
ed to charm, his enunciation is bad and
I do not see why he was chosen unless
because of the opposition of the Ex
aminer, which is of course equal to an
indorsement from decency. McNab
wanted Dockweiler as permanent
chairman, and was overruled. He did
not want Cassin, and was overruled
again. I suppose that Cassin was a
part of a programme as thoroughly
prepared in advance as that which de
feated the Harney wing. Doubtless a
little time will show whys and where
fores. Cassin was ready for business
the moment the committee had report*
ed in his favor, and drew from his
pocket a list of the committees he was
to name. He had thoughtfully been
saved the trouble of making out the
lists himself, and really did not seek to
know whom he had selected until he
had consulted the memoranda. I had
always supposed that a permanent
chairman had the privilege of choosing
committees, instead of merely naming
with no more personal judgment than
manifest in the utterances of a phono
graph. In the smoothness with which
this matter glided along there was a
touch of genuine purity — Los Angeles
brand.
I venture the prediction that the
Democratic ticket will be buried, deep;
that not a man whose name may be
upon it will come near to election, and
that Maguire will go down to defeat
with the rest. The Democrats act as
those without hope. They do not view
the coming contest with an appearance
of interest. They are too apathetic to
quarrel save in a sullen, glowering
way, and though a few epithets are
bandied among them the assailed are
too dazed to resent. The party is
hampered by the exposure of its own
metho/Js and it has been hypnotized by
the sword-swallowing Populists.
To-day, as yesterday, there were
ladies present and they stayed through
to the bitter end. On behalf of suf
ferers who stayed because they had to
I desire to thank them again. It
puzzles me that they should consent to
martyrdo'tn. Perhaps the committee of
citizens furnish them as part of the
decorations.
At the evening session the first cir
cumstnnce to become prominent was
that Chairman Cassin is incompetent.
He could not hold a turbulent crowd
in check. He is not well informed as to
parliamentary usages, and unless the
person whose duty it is to pull the
strings shall keep constantly on duty,
Cassin will get the convention in a tan
gle. Once in a tangle he could not
straighten it out in a thousand years.
The second circumstance thrusting it
self upon attention was that the fusion
plan is not being nurtured in the Demo
cratic breast with anything approach
ing affection. In fact, a few short,
snappy speeches were made indicating
plainly that the fusionists are to have
a rocky road to travel. The idea of
Democrats seems to be that they would
rather be licked as Democrats than as
partners of the Populists, so long as
they must be licked.
There was considerable fun, a pleas
ing change from the day's solemnity.
One gentleman with megaphone vocal
equipment set the banners fluttering,
and another, with all the forceful vol
ume of a cracked piccolo, squeaked and
piped till a wave of laughter engulfed
him. Nobody cared what either was
talking about.
Delegates yelled for recognition and
the chairman said "All right, go
ahead." Then the member went ahead
until somebody who could outyell him
cut him off. v -
Rogers of Los Angeles was numer
ous. He seemed to suffer from a
chronic state of dissatisfaction with the
fact that San Francisco exists and was
apparently near the point of moving to
wipe it from the earth, thereby render
ing a number of return tickets value
less. I am glad he did not go to this
extreme.
The interesting theme of the evening
was the discussion of proxies. Frank
Gould pleaded for the return of the
proxy system, and after all the whole
matter was laid on the table. Some of
the members did not think so, but the
chairman did.
Just before this vote a gentleman
having been duly recognized ascended
the platform when a clamor for the
putting of the question sent him back
to his seat. It was unpardonable rude
ADVERTISEMENTS.
4-f. -f >' -f> ♦++ f -f >f 'Vf >f > 4-> f++ -f ».> ♦• t'^ '*"*"*"*"*' +
I AN ENGINEER CURED ! j
: :
X Another of the Remarkable Victories of +
t'S Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
i SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 10, 1898. . +
"♦■ ■%. .•^*Ss>c** "iSc^. r>^- SANDEN— Dear Sir: I am willing to .a.
a rvCgr^iSTiXFrTk testify to the grand results I have received
jflijr ifISSSi from following your advice and the use of your -♦■
+ jSSff A«>^3l.i "Dr. San Jen Kleotrlc Belt." lam an engineer .
. fSFff t vS'^UTiJ on the Southern raoiflf Railroad and have been "*"
"** ■ pcS - • VwJAI Buffering greatly for the last three or four -$.
■♦■ ' «f5 1 ¥?*O^ i«W-l5?«. years with lumbago, dizziness, faint and blind
»<W ■ r«^- iraeMJra ; spells, and a general broken-down feeling. "T"
▼" K~7 -v <? i'is^i»9 which made It almost impossible for mo to a
+. S WA jffijiffE make my run, ; which is one of tho .longest -on
fa /7V aitiy^mß * ne 021 *!- I was advised to try one of your -4-
.T".- V i%'; ■■■■■'.■ J3\ jxJgV^ *£fF(£& : Belts, and' did so, purchasing the one you- rec- +
» «s^jL ■'• - ; -^Aft ff . •'■■; ommended. It has completely cured me of ■ all
~. ■ *&Xjh&i&k*^&Av%P& ' • m Y troubles after two months' use, and I- can +
•♦" "i^gJm^all 2:j/if2L a now. make my run w«;h.the greatest . ease. I a
■--^ Jj^IVS AS%wk>£sk • have never had a pain or a bad feeling after " "
♦• J&%?J$2/7&k five days ' use of the Belt - and l have more ilfo -♦-
•♦- <<r?ffj^'^T l l^. ifr^^^W^^ m m< " now than I have had for years. On
.«'*>faiJs'.S*Hr Jf&>i%<&' §o!'// meeting, my friends they always congratulate +
4- w/r& i i!>Z%f;!>i\ s&-44^'<2?yHWs / me on looking so well. I always feel better
a. %lfn^^^//lh^^^^^^P^ and livelier than those around me. 1 will al- ~
■ nvA'^C^f'- ■ '''&<''■'■'?'''. Vs'/ '. &' ways advise my friends who are suffering as •♦■
1 Uii'^- ></•/ ', .;. ' -. -«c.48.. . , I was to try your Belt, for I can lay my res- .
toration to health to nothing else than your Dr. Sanden"s Electric Belt. With kindest "♦"
4" ; tegards, I am yours very truly, < 7. J. J. ROCKWELL, 2122 Howard street. +
I <It Is Nature's Own Remedy. x :
*" "This : ■wonderful Belt fills the. .nerves and organs with electricity "*"
■*" every night while you sleep. " When' you awake in the morning you are -♦-
"♦" refreshed, wideawake and* full of the Joy of living, for your nerves are +
4- charged with the vim, the snap and "go" of life. Weakness vanishes, the, *.
+ drains and nervous spells 'cease,, and you soon recover all the vigor. of a
V strongman. ; : -' ; ' • • :^ .;♦
X Read the Book, "Three Classes of Men." X
"T It Is free, sealed,; by mall. It Is full of these grateful* letters. Send or ,
■♦" call for it. Free test of the Belt at the office. Call or direct . J^ ■'; "*"
> Un. A. l. OAViUEAn, NOT IN DRUG STORES. +
'+ "■" ■ TOt Market Street, Comer K*»ray, S»n Fnneis». . . - :•■ -♦■
4. Office hours, S a." m. to Bp. m.; Sundays, 10 , Dr - Banden's Electric Tie - "■''+
-7 ; to 1. Branches :at Los Angeles. -Cal.."Jo4Vi '" n ' ver , 8O ' f J, ln drv ' s , stor f9f 9 Z.
Bouth Broadway; Portland. Or.; 253 Washing! nor by traveling agents; only +
a- ton street; Denrer. Colo., 981 Sixteenth' street; • .' at our °' nc «- > • +
"*" ballaa. Tex.. 885 Main street.-.'- •* '..." - - ....; :.■■■■■.■.... -.;-.■ * T
."-*.*■-, .' ' ■ " •,_.■.■.■■_■.•-_.•-•_••■ ■•,••,••.-.■.■ •.-.. '
ness and a presiding officer able to dis
tinguish between a gu-vel and a point
of order m^il<l not have permitted it.
Cassin was rattled. I am afraid the
free und un trammeled Democrats who
elevated him to his station put up a
job on him.
TARPEY'S CRUEL JOKE.
Resolutions to Purge the Committee
of One Hundred From a Stigma.
CALL HEADQI'ARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Aug. 17. — One of the amusing
incidents of the convention proceedings
to-day was a resolution Introduced by
..Tarpey of Afaxneda.
He prefaced it with
an impressive Slow
ing of solemnity.
"It has been
charged," he said,
"that members of
the Committee of
One Hundred, are
seeking office, that
they have entered
politics with a self
ish purpose. I desire
to assist them in
purging themselves
of this stigma, and
such is the . purpose
of the resolution I
am about to introduce."
With the utmost gravity he then read
the resolution, which was in effect that
no member of the committee should i>o
deemed eligible to office, and that the
convention should make formal declara
tion embodying this sentiment. The res
olution was greeted with laughter, being
regarded as a delicate sarcasm, and no
action was taken upon it.
To-night suspicion is stronger than
ever that Tarpey was indulging in irony.
Chairman Dunn of the committee has
been nominated for a place on the Board
of Equalization. Still nobody affirms
that his one hundred came to Sacramento
with any such purpose in view. Certain
ly not.
THEY FUSED.
Democrats Get the State Board of
Equalization.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Aug. is.— lt was after midnight
when the committee on fusion adjourn
ed. The session had been a very harmo
nious one. although therr was some ef
fort put forth by the Democratic mem
bers to save a few more nominations out
of the wreck for their State convention
to act upon. The Populist brethren wero
loath to make any concessiobs, but they
finally, after listening to more or less
pleading from the Sliver Republicans,
agreed to give the Democracy a little
better show than it was originally
planned.
In the Sixth Conerression&l District Bar
low was not Satisfactory to all the Demo
crats; but he was rammed down their
throats, and the committee agreed to re
port in favor of giving the Sixth District
to the Populists. This carrtea with it
Barlow and the notorious Brooks !•
In the Seventh Congressional District
Dr Castle was acceptable to both Demo
crats and Populists, and the district was
given to the Populists by unanimous con
sent.
Originally the Populists were given one
member of the State Board of lwualiza
tlon. This they gave up, and the Demo
cratic Convention will name Equalizers in
all four of the districts.
In every other feature the fusion pro
gramme "as originally designed in July
was agreed to, and the convention will so
report.
Mutiny in the Camp.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 17.— The mutiny
in the Democratic camp is sprending ir.
all directions, and to-night it loots aa
though it would involve every county in
the State. By promises to about every
aspirant for office whose name w.ll go be
fore the convention, the whispering solo
ist saved himself from annihilation to
day, and even now he Is plotting to break
his pledges to the men who succored him.
San Diego's twenty-one delegates came
here with a candidate in the person of
Judge Hughes, who aspires to a seat on
the Supreme Bench. They also came di
vided in opinion on the San Francisco
fight. Last night Gavin whispered to
thorn that in return for their twenty-one
votes, he would give Judge Hughes the
vote of the San Francisco delegation.
San Diego delivered the goods, but to
night the delegates are apprehensive that
McXab will not reciprocate. And not
without cause, for the fiat has gone forth
that the ticket must be braced all along
the line, and if Judge Coffey can be in
duced to allow his name to go before the
convention. Judge Hughes is to be thrown
in the discard.
Madera Is in identically the same posi
tion as San Diego. Judge Conley Is her
candidate for Supreme Justice, and Mc-
Nab secured her five votes under pledge
that he would support Conley; this in de
fiance of the fusion deal, which gives one
position to the Silver Republicans. But
now Conley must go if Wallace can be
dragged from the Superior Bench.
And there are others.
Bepublican League Bally.
OAKIiAM), Auk- I.— me louni; .ucn 9 re
publican League will hold a monster meeting
and rally next Friday evening, August 19, ln
honor of Dr. George C. Pardee. Alameda
County's candidate to be presented to the Re
publican Convention for the nomination for
Governor. Dr. Pnnlee Will be present; beside
numerous other invited speakers. Music will
be furnished by the quartet and all Republicans
are Invited.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
I or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
56
THURSDAY ... ..... .... . \ AUGUST 18, 1898
" JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AU Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. P.
Telephone Main IS6B
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Mala 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By man $6 per year; per montfc
65 cents. _______
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mail. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE __ __• 908 Broadway
MEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Bufldlaf
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
Washington cd. cj office Ri£*« Hove*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
Jh3o oclooK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
O'clock. 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
Street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2515
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
Street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, ope«
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second an*
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUStMENTS,
Columbia— "Trilby " •
Alcazar- "Frederick the Great '
Morocco's— -Work and Wajrea- '
Tlvoll— "Lohengrrln."
Orphemn — Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 618-pound Man.
Olympla-Corner Mason and Eddy streets. Specialties
The Veldrome— " Battle of Manilla. "
Mechanics' Pavilion— The Irish Fair, Saturday August 2a
fcutro's Bathe — Swimming.
Central Park— •' The Battle of Manilla," Saturday, August 2a
fcl Campo— Music, daneinjr.boatlnp, fishing, every Sunday.
State Fair— Sacramento. September 5.
AUCTION SAL.— 3.
By Frank W. Butterfieltl-This day, August 18. Machinery
and Tools, at XH Mission street, at 11 o clock.
AN ANOMALY AMONG CONVENTIONS.
r\ BOUT the management of the Democratic
/ \ convention thus far there have been several
* features almost inexplicable. The lack of en
thusiasm is not to be regarded as surprising. There
is some stimulus even in a forlorn hope, but the ab
sence of hope means apathy. Therefore the gathering
is devoid of enthusiasm. Even the comforting thought
that the head of the ticket, backed by the fragments
of two parties, might be saved and there be spoils to
divide, has vanished. The Democrats do not like
their temporary associates and they do not like each
other. So the apathy is natural.
But Democrats have a right to be stirred by the
>. impulse of patriotism. At the convention there has
bet'O. not a thrill. The attempt in that direction yes-
Wda> was a failure, and had only been made in re
sponse to direct hints from outsiders. This strikes an
observer 1 as odd. One day the Democrats denounce
a man as ;» n instrument of the corporations and thrust
him from promised position. Dockweiler was to have
been temporary chairman. Because he was charged
with being' a Southern Pacific ally he was turned
down. A f.few hours later he was chairman of one of
the most important committees, empowered to direct
organisation, and not only to name the permanent
chairman. Vmt the permanent chairman's committees.
This also 'nas a queer look. Cassin, after having been
published as a Buckley follower, was selected to pre
over a convention whose principal inspiration
c from the privilege of expressing detestation for
Buckley. Will somebody kindly clear away the con
jectures which naturally arise over the perpetration of
such a freak?
The long, meaningless speeches such as took up all
the time yesterday may be forgiven, for if the Demo
crats are the offenders they must be also the chief suf
ferers. But what is the sense in expenditure of words
concerning a subject, determination of which had al
ready been arranged in caucus? We do not pause for
reply. We do not expect a reply. There is none to
make.
Democrats appear to be conducting their conven
tion as a badly organized freak. However, it is their
own and this year of no importance.
PAVING OF MARKET STREET.
IT is announced that within the next forty days
Market street, between Second and Sixth, will be
paved with bituminous rock, "so that there will be a
.' smooth surface from curb to curb, laid according to
specifications requiring a substantial pavement." This
Utopian statement is not made, however, without
some misgivings. It is accompanied by a resolution
1 passed by the Board of Supervisors which orders the
Market-street Railway Company to pave between its
tracks. No guarantee is offered that this order will
be complied with nor is anything said about the cor
poration and other vandals who will take possession
of the street and tear it up the moment it is put in
perfect repair.
However, a good point will be gained when the
bitumen is laid up to the cable tracks, even if it never
gets further. The Market-street Company is sadly
wanting in civic pride and desires nothing more out
of Market street than the nickels it can pick up;
hence it is extremely probable that it will refuse to
pave between its tracks until the courts have directed
it to do so. But if the highway is paved on each side
of the tracks the spectacle of a curmudgeon corpora
tion in the center will do something more than make
"politics" for Mayor Phelan and the anti-rail
road Democrats. It may shame some of the directors
of the Market-street Company into expending a few
dollars for the general welfare.
At all events, whatever the result, we shall have an
object lesson in bituminous rock pavement under the
very nose of the town, and the educational effect can
not fail to be good. Heretofore streets paved with
this material have been left to fall into ruin.
Third street is already a wreck, and California
•treet, between Montgomery and Battery, has long
been a horrible example of municipal neglect. In fact,
not only has the covering on the latter street been
permitted to wear into holes, but the concrete foun
dation has been allowed to follow its example. In
deed, it is doubtful whether the latter can be repaired
without relaying large blocks of it.
On Market street, however, all the evils of munici
pal neglect and the vandalism of the local burrowing
corporations and contractors will become conspicu
ous. The people will have a chance every day to ob
serve how a public thoroughfare in charge of the
Street Department goes to ruin. If they stand the
process without protest they will exhibit greater
patience than they are now believed to possess. So
even if the Market-street Company persists in ex
hibiting its parsimony and lack of civic pride some
thing will be gained by paving Market street from
Second to Sixth. Perhaps the lesson will be costly,
but it will, nevertheless, be useful and valuable.
THE FUSION CONVENTION.
/I\ STUDY of the proceedings of the Democratic
M convention at Sacramento presents it as a
meeting held to ratify the nominations al
ready made by a wing of the Populists, and the distri
bution of offices arranged by the State committees of
the Populists and Silver Democrats and Republicans.
The convention is not, therefore, a body met to
deliberate upon matters of principle, to present high
issues of living force to the people for judgment.
About nine men, representing the three State com
mittees, had decided upon the nominees and the al
lotment of the offices, and all that the convention had
left to it was action upon its organization. As this
was its sole part in the play, its energies, all of the
pent-up oratory that is usually kept in hot storage,
were spent upon such petty questions as the tempo
rary and permanent officiary of the body itself. Im
passioned oratory was emitted upon the grave sub
ject of whether a delegate having been offered a rail
road pass, which was refused, carried suspicion over
to the candidate he might support for chairman or
member of a committee. On this issue tar-and
feather speeches had to be made and had to be an
swered by sapolio oratory, intended to be cleansing
to the man assailed.
No issue of principle being raised, personal issues
sprung up; the lie passed and re-passed between
men, and it was turned into a laundry meeting for the
soap-and-watering of a great stock of dirty linen that
has been accumulating during the six months of in
trigue and plot and counterplot, made necessary in
playing the game for control of the party, through
domination of its committee.
The war horses of the party were not in evidence,
but the polo ponies were there, and the Populist com
mittee was on hand to see that they were kept cinched
and bitted, and did not back nor balk under the bur
den put upon them by the Populist convention.
There was much in the convention to discourage a
good citizen who looks upon parties as the expres
sion of popular government. Candidates for the Su
preme bench were there, legging it for a nomination,
with all the arts used to promote the ambition of a
town constable, and the bench was dragged through
the mess and muss and mire as irreverently as if it
had been a hog yoke.
There were no signs of that reserve which formerly
made a judicial candidacy seek the man. The office
was hunted and harried like a jackrabbit chased by a
coyote.
In the midst of such scenes and incidents the Dem
ocratic party was transferred to the Populists. Judge
Maguire, having said that there was nothing objec
tionable in the Populist platform from a Democratic
standpoint, it was demonstrated that the Democratic
standpoint had so changed from that of Jefferson and
Jackson, Tilden and Cleveland, as to make it certain
that the party they led no longer exists. It has gone
into history, and anarchy, communism and Populism
have cast lots fir its garments.
It remains to be seen whether the new party can
survive a campaign and a defeat. Judge Maguire's
'new Democracy" is the fruit of an attempt to build
a political party on the diseases of society, instead of
upon the social health.
It is like summoning an army to consist of those
who cannot pass the medical examination and filling
its ranks with the physical failures, thus sending
forth rickets and rheumatism, dyspepsia and appen
dicitis to fight the battles of the country and uphold
its flag.
As long as society is, so long the social diseases will
be. and if we enter upon the policy of building politi-
cal institutions and public administration upon them,
popular government will fail, as will an army selected
for its physical disability.
LESS WORK FOR THE CREMATORY.
IF any reliance can be placed upon the statements
of the swearing sharp of the Examiner, that paper
is rapidly decreasing the circulation of its fakes and
falsehoods. It is not improving in quality, but the
quantity of the stuff may be said to be improving, for
it is growing beautifully less.
The latest of these "sworn to" statements shows
that the circulation of the Examiner was in the month
of July 837 less than in the month of June. State
ments of the same kind published last month showed
a decrease for June of 4350 copies as compared with
the circulation in May. In the two months, there
fore, the diminution in the extent of the Examiner
nuisance amounted to 5187 copies.
This falling off implies less work for the crematory.
Mr. Hearst has fewer papers to burn, and his patron
age of the crematory is less profuse than it has been.
There is no reason for believing it has wholly step
ped, but that is a side issue. The point to be noted
now is the decline in the circulation of the yellow gar
bage sheet just as the political campaign is opening
up and newspaper reading among the people is ex
tending. A decrease of upward of 5000 copies of -the
Examiner circulation within the space of two months
is a clear proof that things are becoming better, and
in fact it may be set down as a municipal improve
ment.
Up at Sacramento the partisans of Phelan are
claiming that the Mayor is responsible for every re
form ever made and the author of all things good.
The world must have been a dark and wicked world
before he had the kindness to be born into it.
According to advices from Washington an explana
tion may be demanded as to the conduct of Germany
in the Philippines. No explanation seems necessary.
If anything is demanded it ought to be an apology.
Some of the Democrats when asked concerning
fusion make remarks which cannot be printed owing
to certain restrictions placed upon the character of
mailable matter.
- Now that the Monterey has been in action, the en
tire list of warships made in San Francisco has un
dergone the test of battle. And each stood the test
with honor.
The electric fan at the Democratic convention went
out of business yesterday. It was a day of oratory,
and competition in the furnishing of wind was too
fierce. • , . . ;
— ■ — •- — — • . : ' '■■ ■ '
If San Francisco ever. learns to view lynching with
favor it must first be understood that the victim is
guilty of something worse than a dark complexion.
The Cuban who was shot while trying to steal from
the American commissary stores deserved what he
got for being too lazy to ask for. rations.
Madrid mourns over the result of the war, and every
other nation on earth has the privilege of saying "We
told you so." • .". : *
Perhaps Germany forgot to put an immediate de
j livery stamp on her congratulations over the return of
peace. . • s ■ ' - ; ..
: - \ ■ — • — "; - ' ■'■. -
: Those who did not register are now wondering
what they have gained by losing the privilege of
voting.
i
j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 18, 1898.
DISPATCHES of jesterday tram London an
nounce it is understood there that an ex
change of .views is going on between the
Governments of Great Britain and Russia, and
that the negotiations are proceeding in a con
ciliatory spirit on both sides. Russia, it is said,
declares she has no interest financial or otherwise in
the Peking-Hankow railway, nor a desire to acquire
any.
While this information is based only upon general
report it will not require much confirmation to make
it credible by the public. In fact, it is just what was
expected. The friction between Great Britain and
Russia in China may be irritating, but it has not yet
reached a point beyond settlement by judicious diplo
macy. That has been well understood all along by the
business world, and accordingly while the rumors of
an impending conflict have been of an alarming
nature for some time past, nobody has been alarmed.
No stock exchange in Europe or America has been
affected by the reported imminence of war. Finan
ciers have gone on with their affairs as well assured
of peace as they have been at any time in the last ten
years.
It would not be surprising to learn that the refusal
of the Chinese Government to permit British capital
ists to finance the Peking-Hankow road was done on
the initiative of the Chinese themselves and not by
reason of any prompting from Russia. It is well
known that the Empress of China is averse to the
British, and would exclude them from the empire al
together if she could; while Li Hung Chang, who is
now in power again, has always been desirous of de
veloping China by Chinese energy alone and with as
little outside interference as possible.
Thus the report that the Russian Govern
ment had brought about the violation of the
agreement between Great Britain and China as to the
construction of the road was probably a false alarm,
and the Ministers of the Czar may be stating the
exact truth when asserting that they have no interest
in that road and do not desire any.
It would certainly be bad policy for either of the
two rivals for supremacy in China to precipitate a
war with the other at this time. Russia requires all
her energies and all her capital to push forward the
Siberian railway. The completion of that vast un
dertaking will be more valuable to her than any vic
tory she is likely to gain over the British in the East,
and it is not probable that her statesmen will engage
in any war they can avoid until that road is completed,
and possibly until the great canal from the Black Sea
to the Baltic shall also be opened.
Great Britain has just as strong reasons as Russia
for keeping the peace. Despite the reports again and
again repeated that Salisbury has been worsted in his
diplomatic contests with foreign powers and that
British interests have been sacrificed, the results show
that Great Britain has been gaining right along both
in Asia and in Africa. She has got hold of the best
as well as the largest part of Africa, and when her
railway from the Cape to Cairo is completed she will
be in a position to virtually dominate the whole in
terior of that continent.
Her hold upon China, moreover, is more potent
even now than that of Russia, Germany and France
put together. She needs years of peace, however, to
perfect and strengthen her grasp upon what she has
attained. Her merchants and her financiers under
stand that very well and so do her statesmen. If,
therefore, there is to be a speedy war between Great
Britain and Russia it will he the result of something
unforeseen, some clash that will rouse the people of
the two countries and force the hands of diplo
matists.
SECRETARY DflY'S RETIREMENT.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY, although notable
among our public men for the stability of his
friendships and the steadfast conservatism of
his character, has had a remarkably instable Cabinet.
He has been in office but little more than a year, and
already has made changes in the offices of Secretary
of State, Attorney General and Postmaster General,
and is now to make another in the State office.
None of these changes was the result of any
capaciousness on the part of the President or of dis
agreement among the Cabinet officials themselves.
All of them were brought about by causes thoroughly
understood, and none of them took the public by sur
prise. That which is now about to be made in the
office of Secretary of State is of the same nature.
It was known at the time that Mr. Day assumed
the office en the retirement of Sherman that his ap
pointment was temporary merely. While Sherman
was nominally the chief of the office, Mr. Day had
virtual control and carried on all the negotiations
with Spain that led up to the war. It was natural,
therefore, that on the retirement of the former Secre
tary Mr. Day should be chosen to fill the office until
the Spanish business was settled, arfd equally natural
that with *ho close of the war his temporary charge
of its duties should terminate.
The record achieved by Mr. Day in the high office
to which he was called is highly creditable to him.
He entered upon the work without having had any
considerable experience in the conduct of public af
fairs, and none at all in the department of diplomacy.
He was confronted at the outset by a problem of
great complexity. A mistake on his part might have
led us to commit the blunder of recognizing the
Cuban insurgents or of giving to some' European
power a plausible excuse for interference between
ourselves and Spain. He avoided all errors of such
a nature and has been completely successful in his
conduct of our foreign relations.
With such a record of work accomplished under
great difficulty Mr. Day will go out of office with a
much higher reputation than he carried into it. When
he went to Washington as Assistant Secretary of
State he was an unknown man, and the friendship of
the President for him was generally assigned as the
sole reason for his appointment. It is now recog
nized that he was in every way worthy of the high
position to which he was called, and that his services
have been highly beneficial to the Government.
This is not the first time in our history that men
comparatively n'nknown have proved themselves able
to bear great responsibilities with honor to them
selves and benefit to the nation. It is from such ex
amples that we learn the vast reserve strength of the
American people and prove our fitness for self-gov
ernment and our ability to find in even' emergency
a man capable of mastering all its difficulties. Secre
tary Day will not rank in history as a brilliant states
man, but he has been a safe and thoroughly patriotic
official and will retire from office with the respect and
esteem of the whole country.
Among the thousands of soldiers who have been
quartered in San Francisco there has been only one
murder, excepting those committed through the
sanitary condition of Camp Merritt.
Anybody who does not regard Gavin McNab as
the flower of honesty has only to ask him about it.
Give McNab his own virtues as a text and he will
preach as long as there is an audience.
THE EXPECTED HAPPENS.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
J. J. Hebbron of Salinas is staying at the
Grand.
W. N. McDougall of Placerville is at the
California.
H. B. Rice of Falbrook, Cal., is at the
Occidental.
Frank H. Webster, a rancher of Mln
turn, is at the Grand.
F. B. Ladd and wife of Placerville are
guests at the Grand.
Leon Carteri and daughter of Santa
Barbara are at the Baldwin.
Seymour Waterhouse of Placer County
is registered at the California.
F. K. Roberts, a Santa Cruz merchant,
will be at the Lick for a few days.
A. W. Fisher of New York and Erie A.
Knudsen are staying at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Perkins and family
of New York are registered at the Pal
ace.
M. Gilmacher, a prominent merchant of
Santa Ana, is at the Baldwin for a short
stay.
Dr. T. Jeff White, a well-known den
tist of Los Angeles, is a guest at the
Lick.
Bainbridge Reynolds and Reynolds
Ilayden of Washington, D. C, are at the
Palace.
E. H. Foote and wife' of Grand Rapids,
Mich., were among the arrivals at the
Palace yesterday.
('. H. Duell and wife of Washington, D.
C, and R. B. Messer of Hastings, Mich.,
are at the Palace.
H. W. Jackson, a prominent redwood
manufacturer of Blue Lake, Humboldt
County, is at the Lick.
Judge William R. Daingerfleld, who re
cently returned from the country, is con
fined to his room by illness.
r>. S. Combs and wife, the MJsses Nora
and Llla Combs, and Miss Annie Brown,
of St. Marcos, Texas, are guests at the
Grand.
A story that con
cerns a certain
major in this
State, who is one
of the leading
spirits in Repub
lican councils,
runs something
One afternoon the aforesaid major came
up from the lower country, accompanied
by his wife. It happened that there was
going to be a prize fight by two well
known fistic celebrities on that night, and
although he would dearly have loved to
witness it he had yielded to the earnest
solicitations of his better half, who did
not believe "in those degrading exhibi
tions." and had promised her not to go.
but to take her to the theater instead. Just
as they were entering the Palace they
met a friend, who stopped and said, "Ah,
major, come up to attend the prize fight,
eh?" He did not notice the darkening
brow of the lady nor the appealing wink
of her husband, but went on. "You bet
you wouldn't miss one of those contests."
The dense friend only quit his badlnag*
when the madame said cur*'y, "Sir, the
major never attends those brutal af
fairs.
LOST FAITH
IN
NEWSPAPERS.
The next morning: the major was look
ing over the newspaper, mainly to see the
result of the previous night's contest,
when, his eye was attracted by a picture
which filk-d a quarter of a page, with the
caption, "Prominent people at the fight,"
and heading the procession in unmistaka
ble caricature was the major himself and
under it his name in large, bold type. He
experienced quite a shock on seeing it,
and going to his wife said, "My dear, did we
not go to the theater last nignt?" She re
plied, "We certainly did, and enjoyed it."
"Then," said the major, "look at this and
see how these villainous newspapers can
prevaricate about things." And the lady
saw the picture of her husband and the
notice of his attendance at the fight.
"Now," said the major, "you see these
newspapers are. not to be depended on,"
and his wife said, "I will never believe
one of them again."
T. N. Callen, a liquor merchant of St.
Louis, is on an extended visit to this
coast, and is making the Baldwin nis
headquarters.
C. M. Cotterman, chief clerk of the rail
way mail service, with headquarters In
I'ortland, Or., is visiting Superintendent
Thrall In this city.
F. G. Ostrander, prosecuting attorney of
Merced, and Frank Plant, a large fubber
manufacturer of Boston, are among the
guests at the Lick.
Fitzhugh Loughborough and wife of Los
Angeles, E. Jacob, a Visalia capitalist,
and Dr. H. N. Wlnton and wife of Hay
wards are registered at the Occidental.
Third Vice-President Stulfbs and Wil
liam Sproule of the Southern Pacific Com
pany will leave for Denver to-morrow
to attend a meeting of the traffic officials
of the transcontinental lines for the pur
pose of inquiring into the cutting of rates
on the various roads.
Lieutenant Colonel Thomas M. K. Smith
will start this evening for New York to
join his regiment, the Tenth United States
Infantry, at New York. The colonel re
gretß not having an opportunity of going
to the front. He has been on this coast
for several years, and has many stanch
friends, who will regret his departure.
The colonel's family will remain in this
city.
Frank Dinsmore, one of the old-time
pioneers of Alaska, who has been lying
critically ill for several months at the
Commercial Hotel in this city, was able
to leave yesterday for Alma, Cal. There
are favorable developments In his case,
and it is now considered possible that he
will live for some years. The nature of
his malady has not been understood by
the doctors. Dinsmore is one of the most
widely known of the Yukon traders, hav
ing entered Central Alaska over twenty
years ago. When brought down here by
friends early in the summer it was not
thought possible that he could survive
many days.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— H. T. Scott of
San Francisco is at the Holland and J.
Kelton and Frederick Markham of San
Francisco are at- the Normandie.
HUMOR A PRECIOUS GIFT.
I regard a sense of humor as one of the
most precious gifts that can be vouch
safed to a human being. He is not neces
sarily a better man for having it, but he is
a happier one. It renders him indifferent
to good or bad fortune. It enables him to
ehioy his own discomfiture. Blessed with
this sense, he is never unduly elated or
cast down. No one can ruffle his temper.
No abuse disturbs his equanimity. Bores
do not bore him. Humbugs do not hum
bug him. Solemn airs do not impose on
him. Sentimental gush does not influence
him. The follies of the moment have no
hold on him. Titles and decorations are
but childish baubles in his .eyes. Preju
cice does not warp his judgment. He is
n.-ver in conceit or out of conceit with
himself. He abhors all dogmatism. The
world is a stage on which actors strut and
fret for his edification and amusement,
and he pursues the even current of his
way, invulnerable, doing what is right
and proper according to his lights, but
utterly indifferent whether what he does
finds approval or disapproval from others.
If Hamlet had had any sense of humor
he would not have been a nuisance to
himself and to all surrounding him.—Lon
don Truth.
SENSIBLE SELF-CONFIDENCE.
One of the important results of the war
is the development of a rational self
confidence among the American people.
When President McKinley delivered the
ultimatum of Congress to Spain a vast
number of business men throughout the
United States regarded the future with
gloomy forebodings. Spain's paper navy
loomed large in their eyes. The supposed
possibility of the bombardment of sea
port towns created something like a panic
in Boston and other New England cities.
Predictions that business would be pros
trated, that industry would be struck
with paralysis and that the nation 8 cred
it would be shaken to its foundations,
were current in that portion of the press
which* vehemently opposed the ejectment
of Spain from Cuba.
We have been at war for two months,
and the utterances of the alarmists who
foretold widespread financial disturbance
and popular distress have already been
forgotten. The nation is buying and sell
ing, cultivating the soil, manufacturing
goods for domestic consumption and for
eign use and engaging in all its usual
forms of peaceful activity without inter
ruption. Bank clearings show a marked
increase in the general volume of busi
ness. The railroads are reaping larger
profits from the transportation of troops
and supplies. Thi- soundness of the coun
try's credit has been magnificently dem
onstrated, and it is recognized on all sides
that the Government can, if necessary,
dispose of the entire $500,000,000 in bonds
and certificates authorized by Congress
without going abroad to ask for a single
dollar.
These are lessons that deserve to be
heeded. They do not prove that war is a
desirable thing, but they do demonstrate
the latent strength of this republic and
the stability of our financial system,
faulty though it may be in some particu
lars. Nations, like men, need faith in
themselves. The events of the last sixty
days have brought with them many com
pensations.—Philadelphia Bulletin.
THE URCHIN'S TALE.
Above the sound of the traffic that roared
In the neighborhood of the buiwttn board
Came the lisping tones of a epv»n-year-old.
And the man gave heed to the tale he told;
For the man was a man of a martial air.
Though white was the drift of his snowy hair;
And his eyes grew bright and he smiled for
Joy
At the warlike words of the little boy.
Who spoke to his comrade, small, freckle
faced,
"With a Cuban flag on his tattered waist.
"What stock," said the vet, "when grim war's
alarms
Break out in the Bpeech of the babes in arms!
"When the discourse of children is talk of guns
And heroes are -praised by the little ones.
"Ay, what a stock! What a sturdy stock!
Whftt fighting chips of the fighting block!"
The seven-year-old by the bulletin board
Heard none of all this— or, hearing, ignored—
But went right on with his tale of strife —
"De battery licked 'em. you betcher lire!
"De battery done It: ah, don't forget
Dat battery was onto its job. you bet.
"Pc udder captain was sand clear t'roo,
But he was 'frald o' dem cannon balls, too.
"He cheered up his gang, you knmv — but nit;
Dey tried delr best, but dey couldn't hit.
"An' den" and the old man's eyes grew
moist.
And deep In his loyal heart he rejoiced;
And he bent his head and he proudly smiled
At the epic sung by a little child,
And his pulses throbbed and his being thrilled —
Then he gravely thought of the maimed and
killed:
For he had fought, and he knew no fun's
Provoked by a charge on the enemy's guns.
He fancied the carnage — the death and smoke
Of the battery charge — then the wee boy spoke:
"De battery It did all o" de work —
Me brudder pitched an' wuz caught by "Burke."
— Chicago Record.
ANSWEES TO CORRESPONDENTS
WOMAN SUFFRAGE— E., City. Yes. In
Kansas, women exercise the right of suf
frage in municipal elections.
RED ROCK, G. H. P., City. Red Rock
is in 55.30 north and 20 west at the head
of San Francisco Bay. but a short dis
tance from the southern limit of San
Pablo Bay.
MISS VAN NESS— M. C. G., City. This
department Is unable to find any record
of Miss Van Ness, who recently shot her
self, having used the expression: "Give
me a soldier, or give ,me death."
MTZPAH— H. 8., City. The meaning of
Mizpah Is '^ntoh tower. Read verse 49
of the thirty-first chapter of Genesis and
you will understand the beautiful appro
priateness of Mizpah on an engagement
ring.
CORBETT-SHARKEY FIGHT— H. W.
X., City. In the fight between Corbett
and Sharkey at the Pavilion on the 24th
of June. 1896, in the fourth round Corbett
nodded to Captain Wittman of the police
force. He jumped into the ring and pulled
Sharkey away.
MEDICAL, JOURNALS, A. G., City.
Medical journals that are generally read
in the United States by the profession
are the Medical Times and the Medical
Review of Reviews of New York, and
the Medical Bulletin of Philadelphia.
ENAMEL^- A. S., City. This department
cannot Inform you if there is engaged in ;
this city any firm or person that is in the i
business named in your communication, !
for the reason that it does not advertise
the business of any firm or person. You
are respectfully referred to the advertis
ing columns or The Call.
BOW ON— A. S.. Newman, Cal. The
picture of the torpedo boat in The Call
of the 19th of April is strictly correct.
It represents her bow on with a strong
wind filling her sails. The peculiarity of
the construction of vessels of her class
give rise to the Impression that the stem
is the stern, or the reverse.
NAVIES— H. M.. Keswick. Shasta Coun
ty, Cal. Germany has about three hun
dred and ten fighting vessels. It is gen
erally conceded that the principal navies
of the world rank as follows: Great
Britain, France. Italy. Russia, United
States, Germany, Austria, Japan and
Spain.
KINGDOM— S. M., City. The reason
that Great Britain is not called a "queen
dom" is because the term is not recog
nized. There is no essential difference
between the titles of King and Emperor,
but in ancient times the latter ranked
above the former. The term Emperor is
of Roman origin, while King is of Teu
tonic origin.
A QUARTER REAL— A Reader. City.
The coin submitted is a quarter real of
Guatemala, the smallest silver coin mint
ed. Such coins can be purchased in this
city at the rate of six for a quarter. In
the country where minted they repre
sent, where the peso is the unit, one
thirty-second of that unit, or 3 1-8 cents. I
The American value of the peso of tha
country is 41 cents, therefore the con
has a circulating value here of 1 9*2
cents.
THE NORTHERN LIGHT— G. I*.,
Cholame, San Luis Obispo County Cal.
The bark Northern Light, Captain
sides, master and agent, left thA port
for Kotzebue Sound May 12, IS9S but no
word has been received from b/r since.
Communication from that district is
very Irregular and that is the reason that
nothing has been heard from hJr. It may
be several weeks or even months before
any Information is received from that
point.
A MATTER OF UNDERSTANDING—
A. O. S., City. Whether in purchasing
a half interest in an esta»lished business,
a party would become responsible for
one-half of the debts of the concern,
would depend upon th(, conditions of the
sale. An individual wbo purchases an in
terest in a business ihoukl always find
out if there is any «ebt, and then make
arrangements rs to whether he will as
sume a portion of such and make his
payment of the pJrchase money in ac
cordance with thi responsibility he as
sumes. It has been held that if an indi
vidual blinaly becomes a purchaser ho
assumes one-ha'f of the responsibility,
for It is a case of caveat emptor, or let
the purchaser 3e on his guard.
REGISTRATION OP VOTERS— C. B.
F., Oakland. Cal. Voters in California
were not required to be registered until
1878, when the present law went into ef
fect. In .Alabama. California, Colorado,
Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia.
j Idaho, lU'noi.s. Louisiana, Maryland. Mas
' sachuset'.s, Michigan. Minnesota. M^ssis
! sippi, Jiontana, Nevada, New Jersey,
| North Carolina. Pennsylvania, South
' Carolina. Tennessee, Utah, Vermont, Vir
j glnia tfid Wyoming no one is allowed to
I vote *ho is not registered. In other
State* there is only partial registration.
| In lirtva cities with a population of pOOO
j or more; Nebraska, cities of 7000 or more*
| Kertucky, 5000 or more; Kansas, cities of
/
the first and second class: North DaKota,
1000 or more; Ohio. 10,000 or more: Maine,
au places having f.OO or more votes; Mis
souri, cities of 100,000 or more; Wisconsin.
cities of 2000 or more and townships of
3000 or more; New York, in cities and vil
lages containing upward of 5000; Knode
Island, non-taxpayers are required to
register; Texas, cities of 10,000 or more;
South Dakota, in cities, but not in coun
try precincts; Washington, in all voting
precincts having a population of more
than 250 voters. There is no registration
in Indiana, New Hampshire and Oregon.
It is prohibited by constitutional pro
vision in Arkansas^ and West Virginia.
RENOUNCING CITIZENSHIP— A. B.
I H.. City. This correspondent says: "Ten
j years ago I became an American citizen
and voted at the election of 1&S8. I the i
returned to Australia, resided there about
three years, took some interest in the
elections there and voted there. I have
now returned to California for good. I
wish to know if I could have registered
for the coming elections?" 1.-nder the cir
cumstances stated the correspondent
could not have been registered, as since
his return be Is as much an alien as if
he had never been naturalized in the
United States. A citizen of the Unite*
States who leaves the United States for
a foreign country, takes up his res dence
there and takes part in the affairs or
that foreign country, such as voting at
elections, by his acts renounces his citi
zenship as a citizen of the I nited StaUs
and assumes the citizenship of the coun
try in which he has taken up his abort,'
and exercised the rights of an elector
Upon his return to this country, wishing
to be a citizen thereof, he must proceed
exactly as if he had never been here be
fore The rule is that a man cannot
be a citizen of two nations at the same
time, and he must elect which nation he
will be a citizen of. The moment he
makes that election he surrenders the
I citizenship of the nation he turned his
back upon.
GERMANY'S DAY DREAM.
Germany, it seems, cherishes the dream
of being still further aggrandized at the
expense of its European neighbors. About
the only way that it can justify itself in
set-king to bring about a realization of this
dream is to assume that it is best for
people of the same blood to be united.
When the German empire was formed at
the close of the Franco-Prussian War, not
all of the Germans were included by any
means. There are some 20,000,000 of Euro
pean Germans who are not citizens of
the German empire. There are 10,000,000
Germans in Austria, and Germany sees
in its mind's eye the day when Trieste
will be a German port and the empire will
have a Mediterranean outlet. Then there
are 3,000,0u0 Germans in the Baltic prov
inces of Russia, to Bay nothing of the Ger
mans in Holland, Belgium and Switzer
land. There seems to be a good many
obstacles in the way of gathering in all
of these Germans, but it is said to be the
actual, though not the avowed, policy of
Germany to overcome these difficulties.
Already a sentiment favorable to Ger
i man unity is being cultivated wherever
there are Germans. The scheme is worthy
of the devotion of German statesmanship.
\ The annexations contemplated would be
annexations of contiguous territory and
! homogeneous people. It would be a genu
ine accession of national greatness — moro
than all of the islands Germany might get
i could be. Germany would better grow as
■ much as it can in Europe before it gives
, Its attention to far-away colonization. In
] the meantime it would better keep on the
j good side of Great Britain and the United
States.— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
SPAIN'S FINANCIAL COLI^APSE.
It is estimated in Madrid that the war
is costing Spain 528,000,0(50 a month in
direct expenditure, not mentioning indi
rect cost.
Since April the Bank of Spain has ad
vanced $40,000,000 cm treasury bonds, tak
ing a mortgage on the revenues, and (76,
000,000 on a nominal $200,000,000 of Govern
ment 4 per cents, worth about $66,0<X>,""-)
in the London market.
Thus Spain has borrowed 111'i.000.000, for
which she sacrifices her revenues and
promises to pay $240,000,000, besides inter
est. The sum thus secured will last
barely four months from April, or say
till September 1.
In the meantime, in order to secure even
these small l.«>ant». Spain has permitted the
bank to increase its lssu<' of depreciated
notes so enormously that financiers every
where regard the collapse of the bank i"t
self as an impending event, and so close
ly are the bank's affairs and the national
finances connected that the bank's col
lapse would involve that of the Treasury
it has so long and so painfully supported.
From the first every financier in Eu
rope has seen clearly that Spain could not
carry on war with the United States with
out invoking financial ruin. Now every
financier sees that Spain cannot long con
tinue the war even at that risk. The time
draws near when she win not be able to
buy food or arms or ammunition for her
troops or to pay for their transportation
fr<>m one point to another.
So the financiers and bankers and busi
ness men of Spain are added . to the list
of those who call upon the Ministry
make peace as the only means of prevent
ing universal bankruptcy throughout the
kingdom.— New York World.
FRECKLES AND THOUGHT.
We are almost constrained to say fare
well to the freckle. The girls declare It
must go. The pretty little dots N left. by
kisses of the sun have been hunted from
pillar to post through many a long cam
paign, often unsuccessfully, but the time
of the most obstinate of them seems to
be perilously near. The girls are going to
think them off. . ■: ..'
It is the latest discovery of occultism,
and it will be brought into service in hun
dreds of resorts this summer, we are told.
| Those -ho consider themselves afflicted
will form "circles" and sit around . and
; think, and think, and. think, and by dint
■ of taking thought they will improve com
! plexions. «■,;•-.••
But will it improve them? Is it a dem
onstrated fact that a freckle is a thing
of ugliness? Think of all Ihe women' you
can remember and see if it is not true
that the one whose natural endowment of
good health, good humor, graceful- vivac
ity and wholesome wit was accompanied
i by a healthful array of freckles like those
in the depths of the tiger lily was the
j most fascinating and the most dangerous.
Helen of Troy probably had freckles, and
we doubt if Cleopatra ever wholly got rid
of hers. , _ ■ - v • \
/ ■ o ■ ■ ■■ •.'- .
' Cal glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
f f ■ ' ■ m ■ ■ !
Special information supplied daily -to
business houses and public men by the
i Press Clipping Bureau (Aliens). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. , •
/ -." -• • . ' ■ • « ' I"• -. _
| 'In 1950— "He's from somewhere. . down
• "New England or the Philippines? I '—
Puck. - !
First and Second
Clays rates again reduced via the Santa Fa
route. Call at the new ticket offlce. 62S Market.
It is a fact that the English soldiers usq Dr.
Sießert's Angostura Hitters as a preventative
of all troubles of the disestive organs.
Jones— Why do you say she reminda
you of brown pugar?
* Brown— Because she"s sweet, but unre
fined.— Judy.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Baking Powder
Most healthful
leavener in
the world.
Goes farther.
.. ROYAL BAKINO EOWPeR CO., NEW YORK.MAGUIRE SHAKES MONTEITH
FREELY
GIVE THE
CLAD HAND
Pardee and Cage
Busy Welcoming
Supporter!
Jostle Each Other in
Efforts to Entertain
f:f Delegates.
LOCATED AT THE PALACE
The Man From the South
Apparently in the
Lead,
.*.• At last the fires have been kindled
under the Republican political pot.
The blowpipe is being used to hasten
the boiling and ultimate refining which
"will result in separating the dross from
the metal at Sacramento next week.
Yesterday afternoon Dr. Pardee of
Oakland and Henry T. Gage of Los An
geles, aspirants for the Republican
nomination for Governor, opened head
quarters at the Palace. The first floor
..of .•the hotel surrounding the State
Central Committee headquarters is a
perfect maze of glad hands and cheer
ful "Howdy dos." The only perturbed
person present Is the usually urbane
•tti'ajor, who manages the affairs of the
commit tee.
■On. his return from luncheon yester
day afternoon Chairman McLaughlin
found he had neighbors, and the peace
fill quiet which had pervaded his work
roo.rri no longer existed.
The suite of rooms adjoining the
State Central headquarters on the right
had been taken by Gage for his head
quarters. Beds and other furniture
had. been removed and tables and
chairs substituted.
: •;. The major did not think it a great in
vasion of his preserves, however, as he
is very friendly with the gubernatorial
candidate from the sunland. It is even
whispered by the wiseacres that low
down the major would be more than
pleased to see Gage capture the plum.
Although the major wears glasses,
■•.his eyes are still sharp enough for him
to see a thing or two which might be
■overlooked by a less experienced cam
..paigner, and he is not in need of the
: cervices of an oculist. But, to his dis
comflture, Dr. G. H. Pardee, aurist,
oculist and specialist in Alameda puli
..iice. opened an office in the room next
to him on the left: Now the doctor had
originally engaged quarters at the
. other end of the hall, but on learning
that his opponent from the orange belt
had located next door to the Central
Committee, he immediately decided to
get on the other side.
 •' The major saw his new neighbor, and
with a pained expression murmured:
!;"Now I am up against it. I have en
deavored to keep off the grass and
■ evade all the candidates, and now here
. are Pardee and Gage on either side of
me and the newspaper men in the mid
dle'- This is too much. I suppose the
other candidates for Governor will soon
be here* and then I'll have a worse row
than the Hamey-McNab scrap at Sac
ramento. After this I expect 'Jim 1
Rea will take possession of the entire
lower floor of the Palace."
. The major said he had had enough
;fpr one day and he disappeared for the
afternoon.
. -The country delegates to the State con
vention may not be assured of a hearty
'•': »nd hospitable welcome at the Palace,
and to make them feel natura.l the gu
bernatorial aspirants will probably put
. up numerous sign posts and placards.
Mr. Gage's friends suggested the fol
lowing as good signs for the en
trance to his headquarters: "Delegates
Ranted Inside." Fur
pished on Easy Terms." "Wool-grow
ers Welcome." "Alamedans Not De-
. sired."
-- .A peddler of signs called upon the
dtrctor coon after he moved and dis
.: played a fine line of artistic designs for
.door plates and window cards, and
these were among them: "Consultation
Free." "Votes Wanted Without Pay
.lng," "Delegates Don't Have to Wait,"
"This Is Not a P.. R. Station," and
.many others which the sign man
thought appropriate. The doctor did
Hot decide whether he would nail up
glgrts to entice the eo-untry delegate or
employ his primary push, which ac
: Companies him everywhere, by sending
them to the ferry and hotels with his
.:unstuffed ballot-boxes to capture the
unsophisticated and bring them in bod
ily.
So far there has been no attempt to
.arrange a programme for the Repub
. lican State Convention and as the ex
isting conditions— eight or ten candi
dates In the field with strong local sup
port—are not likely to change in six
days a slate Is out of the question. A
.majority of the counties have elected
, .delegates without pledge or instruction
. and the honor of heading the ticket
will : surely go to the candidate who
develops the greatest strength on the
floor of the convention.
At present Henry T. Gage seems to
have the lead, with Pardee a close sec
ond. Neither candidate will discuss his
plan, of campaign or Bay where he ex
pects to get the necessary votes to se
cure the coveted nomination. Mr. Gage
Bald to a Call reporter:
"My opinion of this campaign? That
rwnl-nds me of a story. Back In Penn
sylvania there was once an old Dutch
man, who was famous as a weather
prophet. During harvest season his
neighbors would go to him and ask his
advice about cutting hay on a certain
day. He would tell them whether or
not it would rain and spoil the crop.
Well, the old man finally died and the
farmers were without a weather fore
caster. They agreed that the son of
the old Dutchman ought to have in
herited his father's gift and they went
to him and said:
" 'Hans, are you as good a weather
prophet as your father?' and Hans
answered:
" 'Yaw. Dot olt man could tell two
days before it rain, and I can tell two
days after.' "
Mr. Gage added: "I am very busy
cutting hay just now and will tell you
all about the convention two days after
it adjourns."
Dr. Pardee said: "I really have noth
ing to say regarding my candidacy.
Naturally I am confident of the result
or I would not now be seeking the
•nomination." „ ,
United States Senator Perkins called
at Dr. Pardee's headquarters and then
went out to get acquainted with Mr.
Gage, whom he had never met.
Ex-Senator Felton, who is mentioned
as a gubernatorial dark horse, made
the rounds at the Palace, shaking hands
with old friends and meeting new ones.
Thomas R. Flint Jr., who has been
in the city several days, was called
home day before yesterday. His father
is seriously 111. Mr. Flint is still in the
race for Governor. He has San Luis
Obispo, Monterey and part of San Diego
delegates pledged to support him.
Several of the Humboldt delegates
are at the Lick. They are out for Sel
vage for Lieutenant Governor and nave
no choice for Governor.
Judge Swinnerton of San Joaquin
called at the State headquarters to see
how things are shaping themselves.
Congressman Loud had a short con
ference with Colonel Burns.
A delegate from Butte County came
to town yesterday and announced that
his associates were solid for Pardee ■
A. B. Lemmon of the State Central
Committee and chairman of the So
noma County delegation, came down
yesterday. He says Sonoma County
has no choice for Governor and the
delegates are free to act according to
their best Judgment.
Henry T. Gage was- kept busy shak
ing hands yesterday and acknowledg
ing Introductions. Among the first to
extend the hearty hand and an as
surance of their best support were
Major Blenerhasset, Thomas B. Morton
of the Afro-American League and his
lieutenant, John "Wilkins. v' Vi
Mr. Gage was entertained at lunch
at the Union League, and he met many
well-known Republicans, i - -
Mr. Gage is a fine-looking man, about
45 years old, with clear-cut, firm, in
telligent features. He has a keen,
quick eye and looks like a man who
would enter vigorously into any con
test. He is accompanied by his wife,
daughter, secretary and stenographer.
. ■*.
CITY BEPTJBIiICAN PBIMARIES.
Delegates to State and Congressional
Conventions to eB Voted
For To-Day.
The Republican primaries to elect
delegates from this city to the State
and Congressional conventions at Sac
ramento next week are held to-day.
Polls will be open from 6 a. m. to 6 p. m.
There are no contests and the ticket is
virtually a list of delegates. The men
named are:
Van R. Paterson, delegate at large.
Twenty-eighth Assembly District — Jo
seph Spear Jr.. Jacob Levy Jr., Peter
Quinn, \V. Kennersen, John Larkln, N. H.
Burnham.
Twenty-ninth Assembly District—Ed
ward J. Smith, R. H. Williams. E. H.
Lutgens. James Dhue, John J. Daughney,
W. McCauley.
Thirtieth Assembly District— Reuben H.
Lloyd, N. B. Engle, Charles Coleman, G.
F. Twomey, Charles Metzever, James
Gilleran.
Thirty-first Assembly District— J. B.
Cole, J. J. Collins, Thomas Doherty, Har
vey Graham, P. W. Cahill, Matt Tierney.
Thirty-second Assembly District— John
A. Hocy, Daniel Sullivan, James C. Sy
mons, Samuel Hamilton, Joseph Pisanl,
Jeremiah O'Shea.
Thirty-third Assembly Dißtrict— John J.
Wadsworth, Frank J. Mitchell, George
A. Raabe, S. H. Brown, John 0. Welch,
Charles Ratto, T. J. Lemon, Barney L.
Grave.
Thirty-fourth Assembly District— l. J.
Truman John J. Moran, Charles H. May
ers Percy Beamish, John Nolan, Frank
Zann Frank Burnett, Jabez Swan, Ed
Eustlce, Philip Stolz. „ _
Thirty-fifth Assembly District— John D.
Dalv George W. Debenham, C. W. Tabor,
F ft! Stone, W. B. Coffey, J. H. Dawson,
J T. Graham, J. J. Guilfoyle.
Thirty-sixth Assembly District— J. M.
Thomas. M. F. Taylor, E. Banning, A.
Duffee, A. Attridge. B. H. Baumeister. C.
V Pierce, M. Dunn, A. F. Chapman, J.
Sheridan, G. D. Graham.
Thirty-seventh Assembly District— P. B.
Cornwall, E. S. Solomon. J. G. Boobar,
W M. Abbott, I. Zellerbach. Frank Mc-
Gowan, G. C. Wentworth, M. Cooney. J.
P. MrMurray, James Alva Watt, Lyman
I. Mowry. J. Hughes.
Thirty-eighth Assembly District— A. G.
Hagedorn, Max Goldberg. M. Lewis. C. F.
Kinsman, P. A. Bergerot, E. H. Aigel
tinger, Alex. B. Truman, Frank Robb,
David Bibbero, Luke Battles.
Thirty-ninth Assembly District— Lowell
Howe ~ Thomas McDonald. Charles S.
Laumeister. M. Smith. T. V. Eddy. Gen
eral A. L. Hart, Thomas F. McGoe. W.
J. Herin. Frank D. Worth. J. G. Terrill,
Henry Sonntag and J. Burdett.
Fortieth Assembly District — Emile
Bauer. Edmund Tauszky. W. E. Cole, J.
M. Wilkins, Edward Coleman, John B.
Carson. John J. Cassidy, Thomas Eagar,
Charles A. Grfen. George R. Fletcher, F.
A. MafStretti and John C. Nobmann.
Forty-first Assembly District— J. C.
Campbell. D. M. Burns, W. M. Lawlor,
H. C. Firebaugh. E. C. Carrera. J. F.
Kydrj, A. Hauser, Frank H. Powers. H.
C. Dibble, Sydney Vernon and George A.
Knlpht.
Forty-second Assembly District— Van
R. Paterson. W. O. Hanks, Al Berthler.
F. 8. Chadbourne, John M. Chretien, Dr.
George Drucker, Harry N. Gray, Al Li
lUnfeld, D. D. Lustig and Thomas D. Ri
ordan.
Vurty-third Assembly District— Martin
Brady, Jnnt-ph Daly. Leon Dennery, Fred
Luixfrjuist, Austin Langford, John Lack
mann, J. G. Severance and Charles Tay
lor.
Forty-fourth Assembly District —F.
Arata, E. M. Buckl< y, Thomas F. Gra.
ham. 11 C. Palmieri. A. Ruef. M. A.
Smith. Louis Strohl and John Sohl.
Forty-ifth Assembly District— William
Bendt, Jajne.s Snoolc, Thomas Chandler,
Joseph King and Dennis McCullough.
IGNORED THE CLUB.
The Dewey Bepublicans Not Recog
nized by the County Committee.
A special meeting of the Dewey Cen
tral Republican Club was held last
evening at the headquarters in the Co
lumbia building to hear the reports nt
the district represfntatives and the
committee on pol'tlcal action to secure
representation a', the primaries for dele
gates to the State convention.
The committee reported that it had
called upon the proper delegated authori
ties of the State and County Republican
organization, and requested representa
tion in the selection of delegates to be
voted for at the primaries, and were igno
minioußly ignored and their request de-
The committee offered thcfollowing
resolution as the sense of the Dewey
Central Republican Club:
"Whereas, The county c-xganization of
the Republican party of San Francisco
nan delegated to Itself tho right to select
and nominate its personal friends to be
placed on the ticket to be used at the
primary for delegates to the State con
vention at Sacramento, and thereby ig
nores the voice of the district club or
ganization: and whereas, the Dewey
Central Republican Club is composed of
well known and loyal Republican v»ters,
taxpayers and old residents of the city
THE SAST FRAKCISCO CALL, THUESDAY, AUGUST 18, 1898.
and county of San Francisco, who are at
least entitled to a courteous and respect
ful hearing at the hands of the Republi
can State and county organization, which
has been denied them, and their appeal
for a fair and impartial hearing has been
made the cause for public ridicule in a
public barroom owned by one of the Re
publican bosses, and language of a scur
rilous, unduly and indecent character
used by Republican members of the
County Committee against the Central
Dewey Republican Club, therefore be it
Resolved, That the Dewey Central Re
publican Club, owing to the consideration
received from what was recognized as an
impartial political body, <loes hereby re
solve that in future its action as a politi
cal organization shall be as free and in
dependent Republicans, opposed to the
rule of party bosße,s, and not catering to
programme politics, whereby the voice
of the voter is ignored and ratification
conventions are displacing that of nom
inating- assemblies of delegates cnosen
by the voice of the residents and voters
of the respective districts.
San Jose Primary Frauds.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 17.— The Good Gov
ernment Club is gathering evidence to
substantiate its charges of fraud at the
recent Republican primaries in this
county. Affidavits are coming in as to
ballot-box stuffing and illegal voting of
Democrats and the members of the or
ganization are confident that its dele
gates will be seated. The Good Govern
ment League delegates will go to the
State convention and make a hard fight
for their seats.
The Good Government League denies
the report published that the organiza
tion would fuse with the Democrats
and Populists. The matter has never
been discussed and no steps have been
taken looking to that end. If the State
convention sustains its appeal the
league will put a ticket in the field.
The Rea forces are disturbed over the
coming contest in tht State convention.
The election officers have been coached
as to their little story and affidavits
are being prepared. Rea says his dele
gates will be seated and denounces the
Good Government people in vigorous
terms. A good many of the candidates
disappointed at the Republican conven
tion are coming out independent, and in
this the "boss" sees defeat for some of
his pets. Altogether things are not
bright for the gang in Santa Clara
County this fall. There will be consid
erable opposition to the Rea ticket and
the better class of voters are deserting
the party. If this state of affairs con
tinues the Republican party cannot win
in Santa Clara County and the defeat
may cost the party the Governor.
CONTRA COSTA SOLID.
President McKinley's Course Upheld
and the Boys in Blue Thanked
by Republican Convention.
MARTINEZ, Cal.. Aug. 17.— The Republican
Convention at Pinole to-day was the most har-
"CALL'S" LIGHTNING SPECIAL TRAIN.
The tooting of the locomotive of The Call's lightning special
train going at the rate of a mile a minute along the level stretch of
thirteen miles leading into the village of Washington, on the left bank
of the Sacramento River, announced yesterday morning that The Call
was up to date as usual with the news of the Democratic Conven
tion for the people of Sacramento to read before breakfast. The ar
rival of the special was greeted with enthusiastic cheers by several
hundred citizens who were waiting at the railway depot to get the
first copies of The Call.
Delegates from different parts of the State and the citizens of
Sacramento were profuse in their expressions of admiration for the
enterprise of The Call in presenting the news so reliably and so ex
; peditiously.
mnnlous and enthusiastic ever held In the
™untv A rinsing platform was adopted up
fng the -Boys in Blue" for their heroism and
valor at all times; favoring the retention of
nil lands over which the stars and stripes
have been hoisted; further, that as the county
has been loyal to Republicans forty years, and
at Hem J M Stow Is a candidate for the
Board of Equalization for the Second District.
Republican* , of Contra Costa In view of the paat
unbroken record believe It Is entitled to receive
and the bit 'interest* of the party and not only
the county but the State at large demand that
Cor tra Costa be fflven a place on the State
ticket and delegate* pledged to use all hon-
AAblp means to Secure Mr. Stow's nomination
° The sTate and Congressional delegates elected
are: W. S. Tinning, II V Alvaradu, Martinez.
George A Wiley. Port Costa: A. E. CTarK,
T>inville- Samuel Brown, Somerßvllle; J. L.
Geary Tr Walnut Creek: V. Hook Pacheco;
E I Hutchlnson. Concord. R. • ■ Harklnson.
Antloclv M B. Ivory. Brentwood. F. L.. G ass
chosen chairman of the County Central
Commluerand Robert B. Borland secretary. ,
SANTA BARBARA FLAGS
FLYING AT HALF-MAST
SANTA BARBARA. Aug. 17.— Flags
are flying at half-mast over all public
buildings in this city to-day out of re
spect to the late Hon. Rowland
Hazard, who died at Watklns, N. V..
last evening. Mr. Hazard was the son
of Dr. J. G. Hazard of political
economy fame.
For fifty years Mr. Hazard had been
at the head of the Peacedale Manufac
turing Company of Rhode Island, a
great woolen manufactory. He was
also largely interested in salt and
nnwrter works. He was always an
ardent Republican, deeply interested in
111 matters pertaining to the welfare
of the people. Mr. Hazard came to
Santa Barbara in 1886 and purchased
the Mission Hill property, upon which
he built a beautiful residence wnich he
SL occupied for eight months In the
?Xr ever since. He has been a warm
friend to Santa Barbara, and has done
Sore than any other one man in en
couraging public Improvements. Mr.
HnraS was the first president of the
Sfwer carnivals. He was their chief
promoter, and their success has been
due solely to his personal and financial
efforts He was called the "Father of
the California Carnivals." Mr. Hazard
f?aves an estate valued at $3,000,000.
Two -ons and three daughters survive
him. He was 70 years old.
Only One More.
Sunday, the 21st inst.. will be the last
open day at El Campo for the season
of '98 Although numerous petitions from
various organizations not earing to spe
riallv engage the grounds have poured
in upon the management to have El
Tnmno kept open another month. Bun
daT'wUl be the last. The crowds have
been composed this year of the best peo
ple in the community, and tor several
weeks the Ukiah has carried phenom
enal loads, but the rapid increase In
regular traffic, now the war is over, taxes
the passenger facilities of the road. Next
Sunday, therefore, If one wishes to see
thousands of home parties In picnic at
tire, El Campo will prove a source of
gratification. •
GILLESPIE
AND CATOR
Secretary of the Pop
ulists Criticizes the
Anti-Fusionist.
Says That His Lai Is Bad and
Charges Shanahan With
Being Maudlin.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 17.— T0 the
Editor of The Call— Sir: We have
recently been favored by published
interviews, manifestos, letters of accept
ance, etc., from the so-called "middle-of
the road" Populists, probably the most
important of which was from the Hon.
Thomas V. Cator, who, to all appear
ances, has been appointed by that august
body to do the mandibular portion of la
bor incident to a campaign of good mor
als, good law, sweet brotherly affection
and pure political methods. While I have
every respect for Mr. Cator as an able
attorney at law and a perfect gentleman
in social affairs, I feel it not only my
privilege but my duty to compare his
present attitude with his past political
record from a Populist standpoint; there
fore I beg leave to answer through the
columns of your valuable paper a few of
the statements enunciated by that gentle
| man.
Mr. Cator says: "The question that
I will arise when the certificates of nomi
! nation of the two Populist State conven
i tions are presented for filing is not new
and. In my judgment, is not a matter of
doubt. The law defines a convention as
an organized assemblage of delegates rep-
I resenting a political party, when they are
! sent under a call to nominate a ticket
! for such party. The assemblage of del
! egates represents such political party if
i it nominates as candidates members of
i the party, hut if such assemblage of dele
' gates. Instead of so doing, appoints con
| Terences and divides up the ticket and
nominates members of other political par-
ties, then from that moment its acts are
ultra vires. The assemblage then mis
represents the party which it came to
represent. If no protest is made its ac
tion may go unquestioned, but if those
who protest against the selling of the
party to fusion withdraw and organize
and protest by nominating a straight
ticket of members of such party, then
they become the assemblage meant by
the law and good political morals, and
both in law and in morals are entitled
to the legal designation of the party.
This matter has been so decided by the
courts.
"Fusion or the blending and melting
away of a party is destructive of a party.
It destroys the purpose of its members,
which is to organize a party of men hav
ing a common political creed, determined
If possible to be governed by officers who
are members of that body and who nave
been adherents thereof. Fusion is what
we call against good morals, politically
speaking— a fraud — upon the consistency
of a party— and it is not doubtful that all
honest officers of the law and courts will
decide against a thing so fraudulent and
degrading as permitting an assemblage
sent to nominate a party ticket to enter
into an agreement to do the contrary and
place its political opponents upon Its
ticket. The protesting delegates become
the true convention."
It is very apparent that the above inter
view was simply calculated to inculcate
in the minds of some honest and well
meaning people who have set up an inde
pendent ticket that their ticket was the
only real Populist ticket in the field, while
In "fact they must petition to get on the
ballot, and then only as independents and
not as Populists. Mr. Cator pretends to
reason from analogy, but there is no
analogy. It is an unalterable rule In
logic that when analogy fails the con
clusion falls also. Some people nave a
habit of quoting just so much of law
as suits their purpose and then filling In
with their own individual o-inions, as
suming that the public will believe it is
all law instead of some one's personal de
sire that It should be the law. The fol
lowing is the exact language, a portion
of which the gentleman quoted, ppges 16
and 17. California Election Law, IS<*6:
"Section 1180— Any convention as here
inafter defined had for the purpose of
making nominations for public office, and
also electors, to the number hereinafter
specified, may nominate candidates for
public office to be filled by election within
the State. A convention within the mean
ing of this act is an organized assemblage
of delegates representing a party which
at the last election before the holding of
such convention polled at least 3 per cent
of the entire vote of the State, county,
district or other political division for
which the nominntion is made; provided
(hat in any county, township, city or dis
trict wherein no general election shall
have been held after Its organization a
convention of any party polling at least
3 per cent of the votes east In the precinct
composing such county, township, city or
district shall have the same power and
Its nominations the same effect as though
such county, township, city or district has
been organized before the next preceding
general election." — . .
There is nothing in the law which pre
scribes any metnod by which a man's
political views must be obtained before
he can receive the nomination of a con
vention That matter is left entirely to
the convention Itself, and it has a right
to nominate any citizen who it believes
represents its principles. A political con
vention representing a party constituency
must bo acknowledged as sovereign, or
our devotion to Populist principles is
blown away by a breath.
The facts of the matter are simply
these: A committee of gentlemen came
from the Democratic State Central Com
mittee, and also a committee from tne
Silver Republicans, to wait upon the com
mittee of the People's party, fluly select
ed by the convention for the purpose of
forming a plan upon which all who agree
upon certain opportune fundamental prin
ciples could unite at the polls against
those who are determined to despoil tne
producers of wealth and who have al
ways sought to divide the reform forces
in order to conquer them, but it was
thoroughly understood that these com
mittees, or the committee as a whole, had
no power to bind the actions of their re
spective conventions; it was simply a
moral agreement that they would try and
prevail upon their respective party con
ventions to see the wisdom of unifying
their forces. No part of this plan pro
vided that the Populists should nominate
any Democrat for Governor; on the con
trary, the Democrats did not favor nomi
nating a Governor at that time. But the
Populist Convention fully realized that
there were many well-known Southern
Pacific attorneys and lobbyists who were
assiduously opposing the candidacy of the
Hon. James G. Maguire for Governor, and
delays were dangerous, for he was the
man wanted above all others, therefore
the convention arose in itß might, threw
aside all other matters, and nominated
the Hon. James G. Maguire, our next
Governor.
This was done because he was univer
sally regarded as an honest man, invul
nerable to any attack of corruption, be
cause he is a statesman of experience and
tried ability, because he was known to be
a Jeffersonian Democrat in the very first
rank, because we knew, through hi si rec
ord, that he was the very embodiment of
Populistic principles, hence his nomina
tion by the State Populist Convention
would, before the people of California,
offer the strongest living lesson in behalf
of the principles set forth in the platform
of the People's party. True Populism
means to do good, and in order to do good
we must be broad-minded and not hide
bound. Parties are valuable only as they
are the unselfish handmaids of patriot
ism. We must nominate men who live
above the fog in public duty and in pri
vate thinking, not more of large profes
sion and little deeds, but men who can
stand before a demagogue and damn his
treacherous flatteries without winking;
men who will be true representatives of
the people and not mere cringing tools for
corporations.
Mr. Cator says: "Fusion is what we
call against good morals, polltically
speakinj? a fraud, upon the constituency
of a party."
"Oh! Consistency thou art a jewel !"'
Had the gentleman discovered the
"fraudulent," "degrading, " "Immorality"
"of sellng out the party to fusion" while
he was a candidate for office his present
attitude would be entirely consistent and
worthy of consideration. But since he is
no longer a candidate his ethics may
be questioned and requires a more elab
orate explanation.
During- the campaign of 1596 Mr. Cator
called most all the leading Populists of
San Francisco together and delivered a
lecture to them. He asked, in order to
help his candidacy, that he be allowed
to name the entire legislative ticket of
Snn Francisco. This was conceded. He
did select and name all the members
for the Legislature that the Populists
nominated in said city. Only one straight
Populist was chosen. His reasons for
so doing were that a straight Populist
I could not be elected, hence Democrats
. were nominated who agreed to vote for
him for United States Senator. This was
all done for principle, because we thought
( that If Mr. Cator could be elected he
j would be a power in the United States
Senate to champion the people's rights.
But Mr. Cator now says It was a "sell
out and a fraud" upon his constituency.
If fusion means a fraud and a sell-out its
' definition has not been changed since the
campaign of 1896. Was it a fraud and
cell-out when Mr. Cator ran for free
holder in the city of San Francisco in
j December, 1896, upon a fusion ticket
composed of Republicans, Democrats
and Populists, without any common plat-
I form to stand or run upon?
He traveled over a ••'""ere portion of
this State and persuaded the county or
ganizations of the Populist party to do
largely as we had done. Anything from
Poundmaster to Judge of the Superior
; Court was sacrificed and traded off for
■ the Legislative ticket In order to send
! Mr. Cator to the United States Senate
j Mr. Cator returned from the National
I Democratic Convention at Chicago via
I the St -Louis Populist party convention.
IHe said that the national Democratic
I platform was a substantial victory for
Populist principles, and he stuck to that
statement until after the election of 1896
when he came to the conclusion that he
could not be elected to the United States
Senate, and subsequently wrote a letter
releasing future Populist conventions
from nominating him for that office
During that glorious campaign of 1896
Mr. Cator was a fusionist for Ponullst
principles: but who would have thought
that fn 1898. when the Hon. James G
Maguire was nominated to advance Pon'
ulist principles. Mr. Cator would become a
retromlngent? He has done and still pro
poses to do all In his power to prevent
an honorable union of the reform forces
but his efforts will be nil.
The propagator of fusion microbes in
1896 might do well to have some card's of
triangular shape printed for the campaign
of 189 S. with the magical words "\bra"
cadabra" on the one side and "Middle of
the road" on the other, to be worn around
the neck of the sanctified middle-of-the
roader. These.together with a liberal use
of Abraham's balm, would do much to
overcome the epidemic of 1896.
Mr. Cator now claims that the flftv men
who organized a sham convention at Sac
ramento are the only Simon-pure middle
of-the-road Populists. That depends on
what kind of a road it is. If it has steel
rails on each side, why. of course, we can
understand the ties that bind them to
gether for "good morals." "good law"
and "sweet brotherly affection." I am
not an attorney-at-law, but it seems to
me that it is "good morals," "good law"
and "good sense" to abide by the rule of
the majority and not by the rule of the
minority. Where the majority of a con
vention favors a certain line of procedure
and a minority oppose, yet take part by
moving resolutions, voting on same, as
sist In framing a platform, and vote to
adopt the same, nominate candidates,
fight, plead, vote and die. politically
speaking, and that because they were
honestly and fairly outvoted through
Populist means — majority ruled — that mi
nority does tne baby act and commits
political suicide by going through the
rurce of holding a convention. •
Notwithstanding they could only rake
and scrape fifty men, they proceeded to
nominate T. W. H. Shanahan, the arch
aic sycamore of Shasta, another Demo
crat. What did you say? Another Dem
ocrat? Yes, sir, that is what I said; a
Democrat. Not a Democrat of the Ma
guire type, in the first rank of reform,
but an old-fashioned Democrat of the
Bourbon type.
How did Shanahan get into the Popu
list party? Oh. you see it was like this:
The Populist party had carried Shasta
County by an enormous majority and
headed off Shanahan's political aspira
tions from a Democratic standpoint, and
he thought that it was about time to get
in out of the wet, so he went to the Popu
list party with an appointment card for
membership in one hand and an applica
tion for political office in the other. He
was accepted Into the party and elected
to the office. Therefore Mr. Shanahan is
now a Populist in the front rank of the
bolters' convention, and charges all who
opposed his candidacy for Governor with
having used corrupt methods. When he
came before the Populist convention
seeking the nomination for Governor
from that body previous to any division
or so-called bolt In the party he was in
a maudlin condition. Notwithstanding
that fact he attemnted to plead his own
case. He touchingly and pathetically
spoke of his numerous virtues and the
many reasons why the Populists should
nominate him for Governor. Among other
achievements he claimed to be the author
of the Australian ballot law.
"This must have been the hallucination
of the transcriber" (Addison*. Every
one who is familiar with the fight for the
Australian ballot law knows that the
grange, a farmers' organization and tne
trades and labor organizations were the
initiators of said law In this State. They
worked in conjunction with the ti° n -
James G. Maguire, who prepared almost
the entire bill as It finally passed the Leg
islature, with the exception of a few
amendments. Mr. McGlashan of Truc
kee, Nevada County, seeing that his
friend, Mr. Shanahan. was getting into
deep water, thought to help him out by
changing the subject, so asked Mr. Shan
ahan a question: "If you receive the
nomination for Governor from this ko,
ulist convention, will you agree not to
come down off the ticket in the interest
of any other candidate for that office?
Mr. Shanahan floundered for a time and
then said: "That depends upon who
gets control of the party organiza
tion." Or in other words, his answer
was of such a nature as to leave the im
pression that if Governor Budd should be
renominated by the Democratic party for
Governor, he (Shanahan) would come off
of the Populist ticket, leaving it without
a head, but if Maguire should receive the
Democratic nomination, then Shanahan
would stay up and try to defeat the little
giant.
Now, I do not blame Mr. Shanahan for
trying to help his friend and benefactor,
Governor Budd, who appointed Mr. Shan
ahan as Code Commissioner at about
four thousand dollars a year. But I should
most certainly blame myself if I had in
any way assisted him to decapitate the
People's party to advance any such a
proposition, and I am surprised that any
true Populist cannot see through a veil
so thin. Talk about your middle-of-the
road Populism! If you mean the road that
leads to a victory for Populist principles
along lines of the least resistance, that
is just where I stand since having been
converted to that method by Mr. Cator
in 1896. and I am not only willing, but
anxious, to have every man, who will ac
cept our platform, be he Jeffersonian
Democrat, or Abraham Lincoln Repub
lican, go right along the middle-of-the
road with me. This convention, bear in
mind, was riveted and king-bolted by a
completion to a great extent of the func
tions which it was delegated to perform.
Just before Mr. Shanahan's address a
resolution was before the house, and Mr.
Mason of Santa Clara introduced a sub
stitute for the same, which was agreed to
by Mr. Cator and unanimously adopted
by the convention. By this resolution
every man in the convention was honest
ly bound to abide by the determination of
the convention in the selection of a nom
inee for Governor; the purport of this res
olution was simply this, any man was eli
gible to nomination in said Ponulist Con
vention who would stand on the platform
of the People's party adopted at that
time, signifying his assent thereto within
fifteen days after reaching the State.
There are a few people in this State who
think that Populism is some kind of ef
fervescence which they keep corked up in
a small bottle and carry in their inside
pockets, and if you want any Populism
you must apply to them and you can hay«
a little on one condition only, and that is,
if you nominate them for office, but if you
don't agree to do that you cannot have
any Populism, so they say, because they
are going to vote the Republican ticket.
I say this advisedly, because several of
their leaders have said as much;, and it
might be well for some of the honest but
misled Populists to analyze that subject.
Mr. Cator. who has never lost a case, is
going to bring the matter before the Su
preme Court and have that principle of
majority rule declared unconstitutional,
and thereby give the rump convention
the legal People's party designation upon
the official ballot.
If the coun should decide that the ma-
I joritv which nominated the Hon. James
i G. Maguire for Governor is the legal Peo
ple's party and entitled to the designation
upon the official ballot, the question will
be settled, then, there and forever. But
suppose the court should decide that the
bolters were entitled to the designation
upon the official ballot, what would be the
result?
For the sake of argument we will sup
pose the bolters had disagreed among
themselves; then the minority would rule;
they would hold two conventions of bolt
ers and occupy two halls. Then suppose
that each faction of the bolters would
have another bolt: it would require four
halls for the bolters, then eight, then six
teen, and so on. until all the halls in
Sacramento would be occupied by bolt
ing bolters. We would naturally suppose
that when they got to that point they
would stop, but the way of the bolter is
peculiar and they bolt again, and hold
their bolting meetings on the street cor
ners, but finally the disagreement in
creases to such an extent that each bolter
of the bolters holds a bolter convention,
composed of one bolter in each bolter's
convention and that bolter himself. He
now has time for reflection and begins
to think how much better it would havo
i been for him if he had stayed with the
majority. He feels pleased at his actions
and wants to go back, but one part of
himself says no, never, no. The other
part says yes. now is the time to go back;
so he argues the case with himself and
cannot agree with himself and so bolts
from himself, then resolves himself into
atoms and each atom being a natural
born bolter, disappears into space, leaving
no evidence upon which the court could
base a decision.
This is. of course, a ridiculous supposi
tion when carried to the extreme, but,
nevertheless, right in line with what
would happen in the future if the court
should make such a decision. It would
establish a precedent dangerous to so
ciety, in the end it would bring about a
disregard for all law established by ma
jority rule and install a system of anarchy
by the minority. No party could hold a
convention but there would be a dissatis
fied minority which would set ltsolf ap as
the only true representative of such party
and the result would be chaos ;md ruin
to all political organizations. In such a
state of things where is Populism, which
is simply an English translation Ot Dem
ocracy ?   , ,
If the State should provide by law
against the union, fusion, or coalescence
of parties who come to agree on certain
vital measures necessary to the welfare
of the people, it would legislate not for
its own good, but would enact :-tatvites for
its injury and ruin. In every law made
by the State it contemplates its welfare
and avoids all acts that contravene the
intersts of the people, therefore, Mr. fa
tor's construction of the law is revolting
to patriotism and a stigma on common
sense GEORGE D. GILIESPIE.
State Secretary of tno People's Party.
"Will Be a Candidate Again.
At the last State election Trowbridge
H Ward was elected Clerk of the Su
preme Court, receiving 120.007 votes. His
closest competitor was Peter McGlade,
on the Democratic ticket, who received
50.542 votes. Mr. Ward's plurality was
30.465.
Previous to that time Mr. Ward had
served four years as Clerk of the Su
perior Court of Los Angeles County,
and the ability and trustworthiness he
had manifested there was a good indi
cation that the important office of Clerk
of the Supreme Court would also be ably
filled. These expectations have been fully
realized during the term of four years
he has held office, and Mr. Ward has the
satisfaction of knowing that he is in
dorsed for renomination not only by all
those Republicans who voted for him be
fore, but by all the Judges of the Su
preme Court and by every lawyer irre
spective of party who has met him in
the course of his professional practice
before the Supreme Bench.
There are 109 women to every 100 men
in the world.
ALAMEDA
HOLDS A
PRIMARY
Blood Smeared Many
ol (he Ballots
yesterday!
Lively Battles at Sev
eral of the Poll
ing Booths.
TRICKS OF POLITICIANS
Supporters of Hilborn
From the Mint Lend
a Willing Hand.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. OAK
LAND, Aug. 17. — Nobody was disap
pointed to-day. An old-time, hot pri
mary had been prophesied and the
prophecy was fulfilled. No one spoiled
for a fight, because before the spoiling
point was reached a fight was in prog
ress. In the districts where excitement
and gore are common on election days
the old reputation was well sustained.
San Francisco contributed its share to
the events of the day, and In one in
stance a certain Mahoney had en
gineered his schemes so well that he
was serving on a polling board in the
Fifth Ward before he was discovered.
Ward heelers and rock rollers were
conspicuous in certain precincts, and
that individual known as the Banjo
eyed Kid was in evidence In West Oak
land with a little following from San
Francisco. But they were watched so
closely that it is not believed they got
a chance to vote.
In the Fifth Ward, where the kid
glove element in politics is supposed to
reside, a little piece of work was dis
covered soon after the polls opened that
created a stiff breeze. The proper offi
cers should have been W. N. Vander
mark, A. W. Bishop, C. A. Scofleld and
J. Cal Ewing. When Mr. Bishop ap
peared he was told that he was too late
and that the board had been reorgan
ized. Judge Nusbaumer and Victor Met
calf went to investigate and found Mr.
Mahoney of San Francisco, Sam Ham
mer of the Third Ward and two other*
acting as officers. Hammer and Ma
honey were thrown out and A. W.
Bishop and Ed Johnston were substi
tuted. Clarence Crowell, the new,
county committeeman from the ward,
was sent for and disclaimed all knowl
edge of the affair.
In the First W T ard Metcalfs men wera
very numerous and claimed everything
in sight but the Hilborn attendants
lost no tricks. Some of the precincts ia
the west end of town polled an enor
mous vote, greater than was polled last
Saturday.
In the Fourth Ward Barney Nolan,
the leader of the Sporting Life gang,
quickly got into a row with a Metcalf
ticket peddler named Getchell. The
men mixed for several minutes and
both were severely punished. The lead
er of Mr. Hilborn's interests in this
ward was Mike Kelley, an employe of
the Mint, who was doing his best to
show his gratitude to Mr. Hilborn for
his appointment. Will Church. Rod
Church, W. L. Sinclair, Miles Doody
and Ed Duffy were there to offset the
Hilborn support and throughout the
day the Fourth Ward was a scene of
continued strife, argument and battle.
Hilb< m has always claimed the Sev
enth. Ward, as it Is his place of resi
dence, and it was generally conceded
by the Metcalf forces that the Con
gressman had much support in the
Eastern district. For several weeks
Judge Nusbaumer has been steadily or
ganizing and canvassing in that ward,
and to-day Frank Jordan, W. H. Mc-
Grath, C. F. Pugh, W. Walker and S.
Deasy are among those who were try
ing to offset Mr. Hilborn's vote.
Yank Savage and a few other ama
teur prizefighters made things lively in
the sanguinary Sixth. Everybody In
this ward is a politician, and strange to
say, it doesn't matter whether the pri
mary be Republican or Democratic, the
Sixth is always a battle ground from
the time the polls open until they close.
The precinct booth at the Galindo Ho
ttl has produced more fights than any
other precinct in the city, and it Is a
peculiar fact that there is always a
vacant store next to the hotel when
a primary is held. To-day Frank Bar
nett, John Rohan, Dan Doody, William
Keating, Ed Noblett and Edward Far
rell were working like slaves for Met
calf and were opposed in the interests
of Hilborn by Councilman Watkinson,
C. H. Ingler, Leslie Blackburn, Frank
Courant and Fred Murdock. Voting
was going on in this precinct all day,
but one of the officers guaranteed that
no one had voted more than three
times.
The Second Ward polled a good vote,
although throughout the day it was
evident that neither party was getting
a large majority. Nearly 400 votes were
cast in one precinct, but as this Is the
largest ward in the city the vote was
not so heavy. Mortimer Smith, R. O.
Johnson, Conrad Tisch and William
Reuter were the busiest of the Metcalf
supporters, while Councilman Dr. Gir
ard, Dr. Bodle, Mike Hallahan and Dr.
W P. Hall worked hard for Hilborn.
In the Interior districts the voting:
was very heavy. At Irvington the vote
was the heaviest known for years, and.
78
as is usual in country places, it was
' known that nearly three-quarters of
the entire vote were for ■Metcalf before
they: were counted. Centerville polled
a heavy vote, but at Niles the election
was quiet. Pleasanton turned out
, strongly, and at Decoto and Alvarado
' the polls were particularly lively. Hay
wards also polled a big vote, and it was ,
noted that the Htlbbrn supporters were
in the majority.
The primary was certainly an expen
sive one for the principals. Both can
didates put up expensive organizations,
maintained large headquarters, did an
enormous amount of printing and sup
• plied an unprecedentedly large num
ber of vehicles. Even the badges were
of an expensive nature being large,
and, in the case of Metcalf, beautifully
ornamented with a handsome satin
• American flag. It was noticed that the
carriages were not blanketed as usual
with the names of the candidates, and
this was explained by one of the mana
gers on the ground that many conser
vative people liked to be driven to the
polls, but during the trip did not care
to be advertised as ; being the supporter
of any particular man.
Victor H. Metcalf will be the nominee
of the Republican Third District con
vention for Congress. The primaries
held In this county to-day resulted in
a landslide in his favor, and he will go
to the convention with eleven votes
mor.e than are necessary for a choice
from this county alone.
- The result is exactly in line with The
Call's prediction of this morning. A
larger vote, by nearly 3000, was cast j
. than at the Pardee-Davis primary last j
Saturday, but Mr. Metcalf's proportion,
though very large, was not so propor
• tionately greater than Mr. Hilborn's as
Dr. Pardee's was over the vote for Mr. |
Davis. To-day, including scattering j
votes, there were 12,800 ballots cast.
Saturday there were 9925.
Of the total vote Metcalf received 7841
• and Hilborn 4533. The exact figures are i
.as follows:
Hilborn. Metcalf.
Assembly District 46 675 931
. Assembly District 47 926 1,458
Assembly District 4S 578 1.042
. Assembly District 49 EN .1.749
- Assembly District 50 S9l 893
Assembly District 51 1.168 1 70S
4.533 7,841
Majority for Metcalf, 3008.
Alameda County sends sixty-eight
delegates to the Congressional Conven- !
tion which meets in Oakland next I
. ■Saturday, and as fifty-seven is neces
sary to a choice Mr. Metcalfs nomina
tion is certain by a large majority.
This afternoon Yolo County elected
eight delegates for Metcalf. Contra
Costa will give him some delegates and
he will get some from Solano.
The change of feeling from Mr. Hil
born to Mr. Metcalf is not confined to
' any special section of the county. In
the upper end. where it was supposed
' Hilborn was stronger, the majority for
his rival was as great as in West Oak
'■ land. The township votes were some
what of a surprise, _as even Mr. Met
calf's supporters were almost willing
last night to admit that in the Forty
sixth District Mr. Hilborn might pull
through.
: ' The Fiftieth District was the only
.one in which there was any doubt after j
• the count began. The vote kept very
• close until the end, and then it was
Been that Metcalf had only two of a
majority. In the Forty-ninth District
out of 1749 votes cast Metcalf's ma
jority was 1154.
. In Alameda it is stated that a pro
' test will be made to Washington about
the partisan politics done to-day by j
Postmaster Leydecker " at the polls. i
Leydecker was very prominent and
wore a large Hilborn badge. He chal
lenged voters and took a very active j
part. He was spoken to by some of |
Metcalfs men, but he said he had
taken legal advice on the point and was '
all right. Now a protest will be made
and without Mr. Hilborn at Washing- j
ton Postmaster Leydecker may have to
" do a lot of explaining. ~.- >
The coal miners at Tesla voted very
" decisively, for out of 160 votes cast 105
were for Metcalf. In the Seventh Ward, ■
• where Mr. Hilborn lives, he was beaten !
.by thirty-one votes. In this ward a!
' very systematic fight was made and the <.
narrowness of the vote shows the ne- !
• cessity for every effort that was put
." forth by the Metcalf men.
The result can only be interpreted as i
having one significance, that the peo
ple wanted a change. Although no di- '
rect dissatisfaction has been expressed j
with the, course of Mr. Hilborn there
has been much muttering on both j
sides of the estuary and it is evident i
. that Alameda County was desirous of
giving a new and younger man a
chance to show what he could do in
Congress.
' Victor H. Metcalf, who will undoubt
• edly represent the Third District of
California in the next? Congress, is well
known to the citizens of Oakland. Mr.
Metcalf was born at Utica, N. Y. He
. prepared for college at Russell's Mili
tary Academy, New Haven, Conn., and
• after receiving a thorough drilling en- j
• • tered the class of '76 at Yale College. J
While at the college he carried away I
-many of the prizes. During the sopho- I
• more year he commenced the study of j
.the law, and during vacations he con- |
tinued the pursuit for knowledge of the !
law in the office of Senator Kernan and
.•Governor Seymour at Utica, N. Y. He
withdrew from the academical depart- |
ment in the middle of the junior year j
and entered the law department, grad- I
i uating therefrom in 1876 with high hon
ors, receiving the degree of LL.B.
He was admitted to practice law in the
Supreme Court of Connecticut in 1876,
and in 1877 he received the degree of I
. LL.B. from Hamilton College, and I
in the same year was admitted to prac- j
tice law in the courts of New York.
Mr. Metcalf came on a visit to Call- j
fornia in 1879 and returned again in '
1880, making his home In this city. In j
ISSI he formed a partnership with I
George D. Metcalf, and since that time i
he has been actively engaged in the i
• profession of law in this city.
DR. BACJM NOW IN OFFICE.
He Takes His Seat as a Member of
the Board of Health.
The Board of Health met in monthly
ppspion yesterday morning. Dr. Rudolph
W. Boom, who was recently appointed by
Governor Budd to fill the vacancy caused
by th<- resignation of Dr. Henry H. Hart,
took his seat as a member of the board.
M.iyor Phelan was absent, also Dr.
Morse, who Is ill. therefore Drs. Fltzgor
ald, Haum and 'Williamson conducted the
business of the mooting. Reports receiv
ed from th(.> various institutions under
the board's control were without special
features, save that good conditions pre
vailed. Only one difficulty was noted and
that was by Dr. Sussdorf at the City and
County Hospital, where" the quarters as-
Signed to th.' nurses are inadequate and
eomc typhoid fever has resulted in conse
quom<-.
Property owners and merchants in the
lowex part of the city, through H. P.
Sonntag. asked the board to condemn cer
tain property on Jackson street, between
Sansome and Battery, as a nuisance and
a menace to life. The Health Offlc-r waa
Instructed to investigate.
FUNERAL OF THE CORBETTS.
Will Be Held From Their Late Resi
dence at 9:30 This Morning.
All arrangements have been completed
for the funeral of Mr. and Mrs. P. J.
Corbett. The service of the Roman
Catholic church will be held over the
bodies at the hou.se at 9:30 this morning
by Rev. James Flood, and a solemn mass
will be said at the Sacred Heart Church
for the repose of their souls. It is the de
sire of the family that the funeral be as
private as possible.
The remains will be placed In the receiv
ing vault at Holy Cross Cemetery pending
the arrival of the two sons— James J. and
Thomas— from the East, when they will
be Interred in the family plat.
Advance* made on furniture and pianos, with
•»• without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mieakm.
DISTRICT
MEETINGS
Senators, Assemblymen
and Equalizers in
Nomination.
Most of Them Made With
out Contest and by
Acclamation.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, Sacramento, [
Aug. 17.— The Tenth Assembly District j
convention was held at 7 p. m. at the pa- I
] vilion. It comprises the counties of Lake,
! Glenn and Colusa. D. M. Arnold of Co
lusa was chosen chairman and George
Featherstone of Glenn County was named
as secretary.
The chairman appointed a committee of
three as district central committee as fol
lows: H. M. Cooper of Colusa, B. F. Geis j
of Glenn and T. J. Sheridan of Lake
B. F. Geis of Glenn County placed in
nomination F. B. Glenn of Glenn County.
Mr. Sheridan of Lake County seconded
the nomination, and it was made by a
rollcall, *lr. Glenn receiving the whole
17 votes.
The delegates from the Eighth Sena
torial District inei at 7:30 p. m. The dis
trict comprises the counties of Colusa,
Glenn and Mendocino. B. F. Geis of \
Glenn County was elected chairman and ;
D N. Arnold ot Colutea secretary. John |
Boggs was unanimously "named as the j
nominee for Senator, and an adjournment ;
sine die was taken. .
Ed Leake of i'olo was chosen chairman ;
of the Third Equalization District and ,
C H. Henry secretary. The nomination
of R H. Beamer was made by acclama- !
tion as member of the State Board of
Equalization for that distrk t.
The Third Congressional District con- j
ventlon met and elected >-.. Leake of l 010 ;
as chairman. E. L. Sullivan was chosen j
as secretary. M. F. Tarpey of Alameda |
and Raleigh Barcar of Solano were cho- \
sen members of the State Central Com- i
mittee for the district. An adjournment
was then taken until to-morrow to await ;
the report of the fusion committee and
the action taken by the convention
lii^the Seventh Congressional District
there was some little hitch over the re
nomination of Dr. H. N. Castle of M. r
eed the present Populist representative
from that district. The convention or
ganized by electing Charles Edelman of
Orange County as chairman. L. w. Ful
kerth of Stanislaus was made secretary.
Then up ros« Byron Waters of San
Bernardino, who questioned whether or
not it was policy to nominate a Congress
man until the fusion agreement had been
W K. Alford of Tulare took the Castle
end of the proposition, which was to
push through the Populist nomination at
once. He said that there was no reason
for any delay; he was in favor of nom
inating Mr. Castle whether there was fu
sion or iv>t.
A motion made by Edwards of Fresno
to adjourn until morning was declared
lost and the convention then proceeded to
nominate a candidate for Congress.
First however. Mr. Waters of San \
Bernardino stated that he had heard that |
Dr Castle was a Republican, and ho
wanted to know whether or not the re
port was true.
Dr. Castle's Democracy and Populism
were vouched for. I
I I. Irvine of San Diego then placed
Castle in nomination, W. H. Alford of ,
Tulare seconded and a rising vote was
taken. Dr. v_astle was declared the nom
inee by a unanimous vote.
The "following Congressional committee
was then named, one member being cho
sen from each county in the district:
Frfirio W. P. Hubbard; Kern. H. L.
Packard; Kings. S. L. Chittenden; Ma
dera B. M. McArdle: Merced, Dr. W. A.
Whitlock; Orange, F. O. Daniel ; Ryer
side L. Gill; San Benito. M. P. Doo ing; j
San Bernardino, G. M. Cooley; San Diego, !
A E Dodson; Stanislaus, YV . L. Ful- |
kerth; Tulare. D. W. Holland. j
I W Edwards of San Bernardino and ;
G. W. Smith of Fresno were selected as
members of the State Central Committee, ■
and the convention adjourned sine die.
The Democratic delegates from those
counties comprising the Third Equaliza
tion District read with indignation the
attack on R. H. Beamer, the present ,
member of the board, from that district, j
by the Examiner this morning, charg
ing him with having enlisted in the ser
vice of the railroad. To-night they met
In convention and expressed their con
tempt for the Examiner by renominating
Mr. Beamer by acclamation. Judge
jj a mes W. Oates was elected chairman
and D. E. Dreece secretary.
E E Leake of Woodland, after calling
attention to the fact that either by ac
cident or design the three northern tiers
of counties had no representation on any
of the committees of the convention,
placed in nomination for member of the
Board of Equalization from the Third
District the incumbent, R. H. Beamer.
t Mahon of Sutter moved that the nomi
! nation be made by acclamation, the mo
tion being carried with a wild shout.
Mr Beamer was called upon, and said
that for the third time he had been hon
ored with the nomination by acclamation
for the position. He referred to the as
sault made upon him by the Examiner,
saying that after reading that attack he \
wondered how many of his associates j
would recognize him. It was gratifying i
I to know that abuse from that source only ,
j strengthened the esteem his friends felt
°Leake moved that the convention de
! Clare that Beamer' s nomination be "for |
i keeps " and this also went through with a
■ hurrah. An auditing committee, consist
i ing of J. J. McConnell, E. E. Leake M. O.
Hading A C. Huston and T. P. Magee,
! was appointed, and then the convention
a Thus the Examiner scored another "vic
tO T^V Fifth Congressional District Con
! vention met at 7:30 p. m. in the pavilion
1 and elected J. H. Henry of San Jose
chairman and W. BT~Orowley of San
| Francisco .secretary. William Craig^. ex- |
I City and County Attorney of San * ran
dsco was the only aspirant placed in ,
nomination, so tfec secretary was in- j
structed to cast the ballot for him.
Mr f'raig was called upon for a speech
and told his supporters about how hard
he would -work to secure his election.
The First Equalization District con
vention met immediately after the ad
journing of the main body .and elected
Eugene N. Deuprey, chairman, and H. i
Jacobs, secretary. J"hn tf. Grady nomi- I
nated John P. Dunn for Equalizer, and |
that gentlemnn was declared the unani
mous choice of the convention.
X N. Deuprey was elected chairman
and H Jacobs "secretary of the Second
Railroad Commission District. William ,
M. Hinton was the only candidate and his
| nomination was made by a< rlamation.
MONTEITH TURNED DOWN.
Maguire Gives the Populist Leader ;
the Glassy Eye and the
Clammy Shake.
CAI/L HBADQI'ARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Aug. 17.— The following corre
spondence passed to-day between George
\V. Montelth and Judge Maguire:
To the Hon. James G. Maguire, Golden
Eagle Hotel— My Dear Sir: A little over
a month ago the question of effecting the
union of the anti-monopoly forces against
the railroad was before the Populist con
vention, and while conscious that a num
ber of other Populists should ordinarily
oppose any abandonment of our party
independence, joined hands to bring
about such a union, upon the definite un
derstanding that It was to be purely for
the purpose of fighting the railroad mo
nopoly, carrying with It the idea, that it
should be an honest and earnest effort
In that direction, and that no other out
side Influences should be permitted to
dominate the movement.
The proposition to nominate you for
Governor, you being a Democrat, and op
posed to us on some vital auestlons, was
not only a radical one. but an expediency
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 18, 1893.
MR, BARLOW'S FRIEND,
Milton Carlson, Chairman
of the Los Angeles Pod
ulist Committee,
Speaks for Him,
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 17.— T0
the Editor of The Call— Sir: Now
that fusion upon the State ticket
is a fact beyond a shadow of a
doubt the attention of all is be
ginning to be directed to the
Congressional and other district
nominees.
It seems to be the general opin
ion that the fusion committee of
seven will report in favor of
making district nominations at
this convention.
In the Sixth Congressional Dis
trict much has been said con
cerning the candidacy of Hon.
Charles A. Barlcrw, the in
cumbent. An unfounded rumor
has been afloat to the effect that
he would not receive the Demo
cratic nomination. For various
reasons this has not been jub
licly denied. I believe the Demo
crats are honorable and true in
this matter and complete fusion
will be effected. In the People's
party he has a high standing.
One of the stipulations of the
northern counties in the Sixth
Congressional District was his
unqualified indorsement by the
People's party convention. This
the Honorable Mr. Barlow re
received unanimously and a com
mittee was appointed to draft
resolutions commending his Con
gressional career.
The people in his district are
unanimous in saying that he has
made the best Congressman
since the district was organized.
His results in the San Pedro har
bor matter won for him many
friends in the south. Hon. Mar
ion de Vries in the Second and
Hem. C. H. Castle in the Seventh
Congressional District will be re
nominated without opposition.
Every action of these esteemed
gentlemen meets with approba
tion from the people of the en
tire State.
MILTON CARLSON,
Chairman Populist Ceneral Com
mittee of Los Angeles.
that many of us doubted; that, as the
fight wore on, we saw plainly that the
only way to effect our purpose was to
nominate you a.nd absolutely force the
Democratic party to do likewise by leav
ing them no alternative whatever.
At this stage of the proceedings the
Populist convention was so evenly divided
that it would have taken but little to
have turned the tide against you, and
there is no possible doubt that at that
moment had my friends adopted the tac
tics of a political highwayman, we could
have forced your friends to have abso
lutely conceded me the nomination I now
seek.
This they did not do, and I went to
your rescue at a critical moment as un
selfishly and enthusiastically as 1 best
knew how, and as a result placed you
where you are to-day, reasonably certain
of achieving the goal of your ambition.
By this action as Populists we compelled
the Democratic machine to be just to
you and to give you the nomination you
not only want, but that It was right that
you should have, as an effective position i
in the battle against the monopoly. When
fusion was being discussed, we frankly j
toiii one of your Democratic friends that
1 should expect to be the fusion nominee ]
for Congress in the Fifth District. I ex- >
acted no pledges, but simply trusted to j
your sense of gratitude, together with
your spirit of chivalry' to do for me in
a small way as much as I had done for
you in a larga way.
Now the case, is exactly reversed. I am ;
confronted with the same class of fac
titious opposition in my own party, which
I believe to be stimulated by the same In
fluence that promoted the opposition to :
you In the •Democratic party, before we :
of the Populist party made such an oppo- !
sition useless, and that Is our common
enemy the Southern Pacific monopoly.
They sought to defeat you by dividing the
Democratic bosses and machine men. so
that they could prevent your nomination.
We saw the situation and we promptly ;
came to your rescue by absolutely refus- I
Ing to accept any other candidate but
yourself. , ' .. '< .
The present Congressional situation is
about this: The Democrats are willing to
concede the Populists three Congressmen, i
and if the Fifth District was conceded I j
could easily be the nominee. -There is
practically no candidate of any standing
in the anti-railroad fight against me. Mr.
Craig is purely a negative quantity. \\ ere
you to simply say that you wanted me
to be the nominee the matter would be
settled in five minutes in my favor; but
In our conversation Just had you politely |
but diplomatically stated that if I can get
my committee to stand for me, yours
would then support me.
Had I said the same thing a month ago
you would never have' been the Populist
nominee, but I went further. . I said flatly j
that you and no one else should be the I
fusion nominee, and I fought your, Dem
ocratic committee one whole afternoon
and finally forced them to that position.
I simply saw that the railroad could de
feat you among your own people, and I
came to your rescue instantly and with
all the vigor and determination of my
nature To ,come to my rescue involves
no such conflict, no bitterness of feeling
and no after reproach. All you have got
to do is to send for the members of the
two committees and tell them that you
desire that I be the. nominee, and I will
be the nominee within forty-eight hours.
The argument used against me Is that
you want Craig and don't want me. In
short, that Craig is the programme can
didate. I can hardly believe this; scarce
ly can I conceive that you woulu thus
strike the hand glady held forth to save
you from the machinations of the ma
chine in your party, whe;j you were in
grave danger," for I feel that when the
machine men in my party similarly situ
ate me I should not have to beg you to do
half as much for me. • ' , :/
Now, Judge Maguire, I lay this matter
before you plainly and earnestly. I shall
not even demand of you the reciprocal as
sistance I require at this moment. I have
the battle nearly won, and your helping
hand will save mo, and.it is for you to
say whether you will hold it out. or let
me sink. This is something that. appeals
to your manhood, to your sense of grati
tude and to your purpose to be just. Will
you or will you not assist me? I leave it
to you and your conscience to decide
whether you will or not. Please let me
know by "bearer. Sincerely Yours.
Know uy GE ORGE W. MONTKITH.
No reply being received to this Montelth
sent up a card with a brief' message as
follows: , : ,
Judge Maguire — Did you receive my
note and what will you do? Hastily.
. . . MONTEITH.
He waited long for an Answer and got
this:
Q. W. Montelth— Dear Sir: Your letter
was received. I cannot do anything un
der existing circumstances. MAGUIRE.
: s '■■■ '■■:'■■::■'€ :■
Sunnyside Wants a Tunnel.
The property-owners in the Sunnyslde
district are In hopes that the Supervisors
will, when making the next tax levy, in
clude a sufficient amount to cover the ex
pense of running a tunnel under the
Southern Pacific Company's railroad
track at the junction of Bosworth and
Berkshire streets. This improvement, if
made, would give a straight roadway
1 from San Jose and Mission roads to the
northern portion of the city on the west
ern slope and to Golden Gate Park.
Honors to Father McAuliffe.
A reception and greeting was tendered
to Rev. Father McAullffe in honor of his
ordination and return by Borromean
Council 129, Y. M. 1., at 2131 Mission street,
last evening. The occasion was a very
pleasant one. _
■ m ■
Mail for Honolulu.
Mail for Honolulu, to be carried by the I
steamer Alliance, will be received at Sta- i
tion B until 8:30 a. m. to-day.
NOT FOR
CONGRESS
Boss McNab Slips Up
on His Ambitious
Dream.
Wants a Complimentary Nom
ination to Tell How it
Feels.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MJSNTO, Aug. 17.— Gavin McNab has
awakened to the fact that he is in dis
favor even among the men he leads. The
Fourth Congressional District delegates
will get together some time during the
day and it is expected that th< y will
take some definite action in regard to
selecting a nominee.
Mi Nab, however, win not be the choice.
But he does not intend to let the public
know that he has worked himself into
such bad odor with his own delegation
that he cannot secure the prize. The sit
uation was made plain when McNab and
the few friends he has left began to cir
culate among the delegates late to-night,
asking- them to stand by him to the ex
tent of giving him a nomination which
he faithfully promises to decline. He
says he is not a serious candidate, but
the experiment of nominating him is re
garded as dangerous. He might want to
stick.
UNIT RULE.
Gaffey of los Angeles Tried to Tie Up
the Delegation for McNab.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, Sacramento,
Aug. 17. — The Los Angeles delegation in
reference to the report of the committee
on credentials pursued a most extraor
dinary course this morning which aroused
many members of that delegation, made ]
up as it is Of numerous fighters and ob
jectors. A caucus of the delegation was j
called for 9 o'clock in one of the Supreme j
Court rooms of the Capitol building, but I
sufficient notice had not been given to
every member and the result was that
there were numerous absentees.
Nevertheless th« cavuus was called to
order by the chairman, Dr. Hill, and the !
members present proceeded to transact j
business by which, as they construed it,
they bound every member of the Los
Angeled delegation to vote as a tfnit on
the Moor of the convention.
The report of the committee on creden- I
tials came up for action by the caucus,
and a motion was made that the delega
tion vote as a unit for the majority re- j
port of the committee on credentials.
This motion was rushed through, aa per
programme of the reformers, by v viva
vo^,. vote.
John T. Gaffey, a prominent supporter
of Mr. Patton for chairman and one of
the McNab sympathizers on the delega
tion, stated that he thought that the cau
cus had made, a mistake. He pointed out
the fact that the report of the committee
on credentials had not as yet been sub
mitted to the convention, and the caucus
had as yet, no official information ;is to
what that report was. Furthermore, he
argued that it was unwise for the dele
gation to vote on the report until the del
egates had had an opportunity to listen
to the arguments to be presented on the
| floor of tne convention, pro and on, on
j the autocracy of the Democratic party, as
; now Illustrated by the present conditions
in San Francisco.
Mr. Gaffey moved to reconsider the vote
by which the delegation was bound to the
support of the majority report of the com
mittee on credentials.
Mr. Ramish of Los Angeles protested
against the action taken, as did also Dele
gate A. W. Fisher. They both announced
that they were opposed to tying up the
delegation until argument had been heard.
They made the point that it was like a
jury deciding a case before hearing the
evidence.
The war was on, and it looked as though
there would be a general .squabble. But
G. C. Wright poured oil on the troubled
waters by stating to the caucus as a
member ofuhu committee on credentials
that while he was in favor of seating the-
McNab delegation, he, as a member of
that committee, proposed to submit to the
general convention a resolution directing
i the organization in San Francisco in the
' future to hold primaries for the election
! of all delegates to the State Convention.
i A motion was made that the caucus cast
: eighty-one votes for the proposition.
The uolnt of order was raised that in
asmuch as the resolution suggested by
Judge Wright had not yet been drawn up
! the caucus could not act upon it. and.
furthermore, that no action could be
taken until the resolution had been pre
sented to the convention.
The chairman ruled the point of order
I well taken. His ruling was in direct op
! position to the action the caucus had
I taken on the report of the committee on
! credentials which had not been presented,
yet the committee had acted upon it.
In the meantime stray delegates began
to arrive and a great howl went up over
the action of the caucus in seeking to
*>md the entire delegation to the support
i of McNab. -
A motion to adjourn until 7 p. m. < hair
■ man Hill declared carried, but it did not
i end the fight. _ ,
Delegates Ramish, Fisher, O'i3rien, Rob
! erts and numerous others declared their
intention of refusing to abide by the de
cision of the caucus. They claimed that
I delegates Simons, Gaffey and others had
j shown bad faith in refusing to support
Dockweiler for chairman after he had
been fairly declared to be the choice of
i the Los Angeles caucus. Following this
precedent they declared the unit rule not
in force and agreed among themselves
I to present the Question to the convention
when the vote of Los Angeles was called
on the question of adopting the report of
the committee on credentials.
= ==
ST. PATRICKS BAZAAR.
Last Entertainment Before the For
mal Opening to Be Given To
morrow Evening.
The last entertainment in alrl of St. Patrick's
bnzaar will be given to-morrow evening at Odd
Fellows' Hall, under the auspices of the ladies
in charge of the charity booth. An unusually
good programme has been arranged, including
among other attractions an address by the
I Father Gallagher and a comic opera en-
I "A Dress Rehearsal." The address will
more than ordinary Interest to the public,
ially the resident! in St. Patrick's parish,
'"ather Gallagher's jjrinelpal work as a
ar priest preparatory to joining the Jesuit
community, was in this parish.
Among those who will take part in the opera
•the following: JJj*h Jones, Miss Mac Oav
igh; lime. Eplnard. Miss Josephine Creem;
Flbba, Miss Mac B. Mulcare; Clara'Wil
, Miss Jessie Dunbar; Sarah Ann. Miss
le Sullivan; Sophonisba Spivins, Miss Mac
Telfer; Martha Higslns, Miss Catherine Ryan:
Carrie Jackson, Miss Ella Cronln: Mrs. Jarvey,
(Margaret Kane: Miss Prudence Pinch-
Miss Mac Carter: Rosa Jennings. Miss j
bin.- 1.. Mulcare: Miss Emma Geary. Miss :
Phortall. Mlr» Nellie Kearney, Mtm Fan
lausmann. Miss Gertrude Cronin. Messrs. I
er Young, William Rattigan, Rob Mn'.ir-
Arthur Swan, Harrj- Coleman, Will Cath-
J. Mclnerney, Ften Crawford, Ed Moore,
O'Brien, George Keane. Matt Le^n.ir.l.
les V. Drady, Frank Leonard; stage man-
A. Hoffman: musical director, Fred Neu
t; pianist. Miss Evelyn t>rn.ly.
Exceeded Their Power.
The Supreme Court has decided that
boards of supervisors have no power to
tax owners* of property in municipalities
for the improvement of county roads.
This decision was in the case of J. H. De
vine against the Supervisors of Sacra
mento County. The Legislature of 1896-7
passed an act for the construction of a
highway of road between Sacramento city
and Folsom, the material to be rock
crushed by the convicts at the Folsom
Prison. No provision was made for the
money necessary for the construction and
the County Supervisors ordered a special
election to pass upon the issuance 01
bonds for $75,000, and in time they pro
ceeded to levy a tax to creat an >n tere / l
and sinking fund. This was resisted b>
Devine, who brought action in ™ie su
perior Court for a writ of prohibition
which- was issued. The Supreme Court
upheld the Judgment, holding that tne
County Government Act provided for tne
Jurisdiction of the Supervisors and tnat
their power did not extend over the pun
lie work of a municipality. On this the
Supervisors are prohibited from collect
ing a tax from property owners WE a
municipality for road work in the coun
try, either "directly or indirectly.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
President of the White Cross Society
Visiting Washington — Army-
Orders and Pensions.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.— Mrs. Jane
Creighton of Portland, Or., is in Wash
ington. Mrs. Creighton is president of
the White Cross Society, an organiza
tion of Pacific Coast origin. She is now
visiting the larger cities of the country
and will visit San Francisco on her re
turn home. The society is entirely-
American and is organized for the pur -
pose of relieving sick and wounded
American soldiers and sailors. Sena
tors Mcßride and Thurston and Rep
resentative Ellis of Oregon are taking
a great interest in its work. Mrs.
Creightun called on President McKinley
to-day.
Army orders — Major Michael F.
Sheary, additional paymaster, United
States Volunteers, is relieved from duty
in this city, and will proceed to San
Francisco and report in person to Major
William B. Schuneld, additional pay
master, United States Volunteers, for
duty, and to accompany him to Manila.
Major Solomon F. Thorn, commissary
of subsistence. United States Volun
teers, will report in persorN to com
manding general of the department of
California for assignment to duty as
chief commissary of that department.
Privates Peter Christiansen and Har
vey J. Martin, Company A, First Wash
ington Volunteer Infantry, now at San
Francisco, will be discharged from the
service of the United States by the
commanding officer of their station.
Private John Mcßride, Company C,
First Washington Volunteer Infantry,
now at San Francisco, will be dis
charged from the service of the United
States by the commanding officer of his
station. Private James C. Barker, Com
pany I, First Washington Volunteer In
fantry, now at Angel Island. Cal.,
and Privates Don DeWltt and Max
K. Engelhardt, Company E, First
Washington Volunteer Infantry, now at
the Presidio, San Francisco, are trans
ferred to the hospital corps as privates.
Private William McGreevy, Troop C,
Fourth Cavalry, now supposed to be in
the Department c.-f the Pacific, and Pri
vate Walter L. Whann, Company L.,
First Montana Volunteer Infantry, now
supposed to be at Camp Merritt, San
Francisco, will be discharged without
honor from the service of the United
States.
Pacific Coast pensions have been
granted as follows: California — Orig
inal widows, etc., Kate Hearne, San
Diego; $12; Ellen M. Tower, San Fran
cisco, $8.
Oregon — Increase, Lemuel H. Mon
tanye, Albany, $17 to $24.
Washington — Original, James H. Cox,
Sr.ohomish. $6.
Federal Suit Dismissed.
The ease of J. H. Batcher against the
T,a Grange Hydraulic Gold Mmmg 1 Com
pany was dismissed yesterday in the
United States Circuit Court, a compro
mise having been made between the par
ties. The suit was for $5142 80. alleged to
be 'Hie the Sacramento firm of Schaw.
Ingram, Batcher & Co., for laying a line
of pipe to the defendant's mines in Trin
ity County.
Triduum at St. Francis Church.
A trlduum, or three days' devotion,
! opens this (Thursday) morning in St.
Francis Church, at the 7 o'clock mass,
and will close next Sunday evening at
vespers. To-night at 8 o'clock Father
Connolly of St. Paul's Church will preach
on "Christian Fortitude," and to-morrow
evening Father Byrne of the Sacred
Hiart Church will deliver a sermon on
"Mary, the Model of Women."
Jerry Sullivan on Trial.
Jerry Sullivan, the City Hall janitor,
who. on March (I last shot and seriously
wounded Mabel Keating and her husband,
James Keating, in their saloon at 111
tirant avenue, is on trial before Judge
Wallace on a charge to as^ult to mur
der. The case of the people was closed
yesterday aftornon and the defense will
go on with Its case to-day.
A Gold Brick Motor.
F. M. Barr pleaded pruilty yesterday in
the United Statos District Court of hav
ing 1 used the mails for fraudulent pur
poses. He will be sentenced on Saturday.
Barr falsely represented in letters to Los
Angeles capitalists that Irving M. Scott
had agreed to put a larpe sum of money
into a wavemotor invention.
Races at the Baths.
The second series of races between Cor
nell, the coast champion, and Cavill, the
Australian champion, will take place on
Sunday afternoon at 3:30 o'clock. The men
will start at the west side of the baths
and §ro around Seal Rooks, finishing at
the starting- point. In the baths there will
be the usual number of aquatic contests.
Charles Nathan's Assets.
Charles Nathan filed a petition In bank
ruptcy yesterday In the United States
District v. ourt. He was In the merchan
dising business fn this city, and owes
$2861 §4, with no assets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Diseases and Weakness of Men Only.
,^3g?2ssfc«^. These able specialists
>^^fe.v^»^!W have been a success
tSSaa^li^Sa for 17 years. • They
i£^^ 'S have the largest and
<HafY 'W best equipped Institu-
(f&gl _ ^n!' tion on the coast- for
[r&i . **^Sf^Ss. treating ailments of
*«* i^l^^&) men. Ailments recent-
\ it. i"^^ 'Si ly contracted or those
\jWj, I " /^g-jgl which have become
'tt^t-b "VxEjiL. dangerous from bad
-^ I^»J^^r^B» treatment or neglect
("- SVV-'K.^'W >* are quickly and i>trnia-
«^3 VinaMKfflHF £ nently cured by Dr.
r^v\ N^ T-^MEyjW^^j - Victims of nervous
i \ <- m l^Mi«* debility, partial or
complete loss of vital power, drains, losses,
etc which have been brought on by excesses,
indiscretions, overwork, worry, etc., quickly
and permanently restored to perfect manhood.
No Pay Till Cured— Consultation Free
You' take no chances in treating, with - Dr.
Meyers & Co. They will not only, make you
sound and well but you may keep your money
until you are permanently ' cured. Dr. Meyers
& Co.'s dealings with patients either at office
or by mall are sacredly confidential. ■
While a personal interview •is preferable,
thousands are cured without seeing the Doc-
tors. Sufferers who cannot visit the city or
call on a part of the staff - when they make
their regular monthly visits to Interior towns,
should write for private book for men. free
.treatise, on any disease, symptom blanks and
advice— all free. ; . .
DR. MEYERS & CO.
731 Market St., San Francisco.
i rrr> nriMTAn Hours daily 8 to 12—1 to 5.
TAKE ELEVATOR Evening. 7 to 8.
■ -. -. » • Sundays 9 to 11.
""^^ MIFAMA Is the new discovery
, IIECAfIIA tnat gireß yon sleep,'
*w d^f^^^-T eBt and no dreams- DREAMA
C_J^^^^_ cures . bad dreams, dya-
/lS^: pepela, , horrible
dreama. fc 1"1 "* 1118 * head-
nlgrht lllu- * che
slons, nightmare. 1 - '^ -JCm -'J*^*^
Take at night. If not;
cured money refunded. >5o ■■. -^^^^j^^.
a box. , DREAMA CO. Sold by • S^5T * '
; GRANT'S BALDWIIf PHAKMAOT.
INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
in Corresponding ' ~:th Any of tb- 1W -« »* Firms Please Mention "Th 9 Call."
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
flrtlstlc Furniture and firt Ware Importers.
117 SUTTER STREET. ~
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
UEV7A CDDIVIi Proprietor. Send for mea»-
MfcNill JIKINU ure blank*. U. S. Commis-
sion. 9 Geary St.. 8. F. _____
™~ ARTISTIC FURNITURE.
nuir c crHlK.ni ED Bank. Office and Saloon
FINK O SCHINIILfcK, Fittings. 130» Market
st. Telephone South ?67.
~~ AUCTIONEERS. /;• C:
Artion^rs-KiLLip &co- vu s MM g n Ffr c i^, st -
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY. ;
xiJiM cmnCVIVn Shipping trade supplied.
fll- SCtlUCnlrtil> 639 Broadway street.
"~~" BELTING.
I D nFfiFV Manufacturer of Belting and j
L. T. lltUtN, Lace . Leather. 105-107 Mis- j
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BICYCLES.
♦08 Model Cleveland Bicycle*
Sell for $80. $65 and $75. Crescents in Men's
and Ladies' $35. Second-hand Wheels, $10 and
up. LEAVITT * BILL. 103 jerkin str««t.
, BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox, Supt. H. Blyth. M«T.
C. W. Smith. Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washinnton St. Telephone, Main 564 1.
~ " DENTIST.
DR. C- W- RICHARDS, be. g corner i Kearay.
W DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON&CO. s s o c n co s^ da ?e d L S^ c n n i
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SON,
407-409 Montgomery st.
Capital Represented ...over $14,000,000
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS ROVFS £ f ft Shipping Butcher*. 108
JAS- DUIL3 <X WU., Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
~~" ~ FLOUR.
V 1 TIAV 1 f Flour Mills. J. Martensteln ft Co.
HA l IV HAL g.w. cor. Battery and Paclflo sta.
FURS.
in VArAIID Furrier, all work guaranteed.
All- IiUVULn 514 Kearny St., upstairs.
~~™ HARDWARE. j
DALACE Hardware Co., Importers & Dealers
*in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
,
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO.. 211 Larkln St.. S. F.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of all
kinds of ■ Harness and - dealers In Buggies.
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or writ*
; HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
All t\~ Hunters' Equipments, ' Fishing
I.IIIUV Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. ' Send
UUlllJ for catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVE,
** w ■ " w 739 Market street. : "- -.{_•: ■
Chartered 1818.
ST/\TE7V\EINT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BOSTON. IN THE STATE OF MASSA-
chusetts, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1897, and for the year ending on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of. the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by tho Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up in
cash $300,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $525,23150
Amount of loans secured by pledge of
bonds, stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral 15,000 00
Cash in company's office 2,222 S2
Cash in banks 87,47156 1
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 2,367 85 .
Premiums in due course of collection 41.968 40 I
Total assets $624,262 13
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $9,456 53
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense 22,961 07
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $100,763 31;
reinsurance 50 per cent 75,381 10
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning more than one year, $101,763 63;
reinsurance pro rata 46,010 15
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 2,28170
All other demands against the com-
pany 16,559 71
Total liabilities $172,650 31
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums $167,422 4$
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 22, 74* 00
Total income $190 3/0 49
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding $25,3»>4. 28, losses of previous
years) J55.957 46
Dividends to stockholders 13,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 34,56148
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. . 20,500 75
Paid for State, national and loc*l
taxes 8,62132
All other payments and expenditures 12,541 97
Total exp«nditures $178. 152 98
Flre.
Losses incurred during the year $91,463 00
Risks and Premiums. jFlreßisks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year <22.071.177 $236,609 60
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 23,631,597 255.932 64
Net amount in force De-<
cember 31, 1897 1 22,522.311 232,52:. 94
FRANCIS PEABODY. President.
HENRY S. BEAN. Secretary.
Subscribed am) sworn to before me this 26th
day of January, 1898.
GEO. M. AHERIGE, Notary Public.
BAGGS & STOVEL,
General Agents for the Pacific Coast,
411 CALIFORNIA STREET,
BAN FRANCISCO.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Parte. J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUOERA * CO.
,i f'T.f PY ALL PRUGGISTS
; IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley, Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD SILVER SMITHS, 13« Sutter St.
San Francisco. Telephone Main 917. _. _
, — —^^p
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture blankets, Cassimeres, Tweeds and
Flannels, 535 Market St.. San Francisco. CaL
Goods for sale at all leading dry goods stores.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
■•■•■•- Combined Capital. $4,000,000.
SYZ & CO.. A pent a.
SOI California st.
- MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
TUC DCDVHADn Mattress Co.. 642 Mission
lilt DCKNIIAKIJ st. Telephone Main l«7t.
OPTICAL GOODS.
BERTELING OPTICAL COMPANY,
Scientific Opticians and Manufacturers of
Optical . Goods. 14 and 16 Kearny street.
PAPER DEALERS.
U/ll I AUCTTC PULP AND PAPER CO..
YVILLAmLI I L 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock. -
PIANO and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
18 and 30 O'Farrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairer*.
PRINTING.
Ef/> HUCirl tl^< 511 PRINTER, v.-.v I
• V^- JTI «J Vllll-'O> 511 Sansome street.
REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
r.BAI> ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery st.
; __ •
SEWING MACHINES.
"nnUEQTIP" Pre-eminently the machin* foe
UUmLOIIu family us* 1021 Market, nr. 6th.
SOAP.
GDI ITrV *m 123 California street,
. X, LULI tt WU,, room 37. Tel. Main 1661 t
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tel c phic PARTRIDGE ?«SSgJS:
THE~HICKS-jyDD co SSggT-a^Stt
TARTAR WORKS.
fSALIFORNIA TARTAR WORKS,
G. De LATOUR. Manager.
';, V"' Office SlB Front Street. San Francisco.
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States Type' Foundry, successor*
to Hawks A Shattuck. The ilains Industry
House. 608 Clay st. '
WAGONS AND TRUCKS.
HENRY B. SCHINDLER, manufacturer of
carriages, buggies, etc.; repairing done la
first-class style at fair prices for good work.
128 Spear st. : tel. Main 295.
WALLPAPER.
WALLPAPER— WhoIesaIe and retail: send tot
samples, stating about' quality and color. tt»
JAS. DUFFY CO., 923-930 Howard St.. S. F. ,
WAREHOUSEMEN.*
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Public Weigher*.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses.
General office. 210 California at. Tel. Main 1914.
-WATCHES.-ETC. ' • , ;
Tl ITWHV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
| ■• LlUllFl) full 18-k. Wedding Rings, 4 3d st.
STATEMENT
- — OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— -OF THE— .
FIRE ASSOCIATION
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1597, and for the year ending on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash .:..'... $500,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $276,800 09
Loans on bonds and mortgages 2,108,135 51
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 2,646,113 13
Amount of loans secured J)y_pledge
iof bonds, stocks. an 1 other market- , i '-/-
able securities as collateral 155.750 00 "
Cash in company's office.. 60,713 57
Cash in banks 255,713 20
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 23,316 63
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 51.105 66
Premiums in due course of collection 623,588 33
Rents due and accrued 1, 801 50
Due from other companies : for rein-
surance on losses already paid and
for salvage 3,296 91
Total assets $6,239,334 51,
'liabilities.
Losses adjusted and unpaid........... $87,479 91
1 Losses *In process of adjustment or
in suspense 122,425 94
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 47,668 42
Gross premiums on fire risks run- .
nip* one year or less. $1,911,335 61;
reinsurance 50 per cent 955,667 Si)
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,961,-
HZ 43; reinsurance pro rata 1,034,874 13
Amount reclaimable by the insured .
I 7 on perpetual fire insurance policies. 1,950,507 57
■ All other demands against the com-
pany • ••••• 238,463 58
Total liabilities ...$4,437,357 33
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $2,652,479 63
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages .." • 125,074 S3
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 134,903 96
Received for rents 11,169 00
Total income • $2,913,627 43
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount ■ paid for fire " losses (in-
cluding $198,94S 41, losses of previous
years)...... ••• $1,351,057 41
Dividends to stockholders 200,000 00
Paid or ■ allowed for commission or
brokerage 580.931 73
Paid for : salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 159,739 93
Paid for State, ; national and local
taxes .....:...............'.. 75,532 58
AH other payments and expenditures 176.921 37
Total expenditures $2,544, 153 02
. ■. ■ . ; ■■.■■■■ ;-■;■.- • ■ ■ Fire. ■
Losses incurred during the year.... '.51,386,956 00
Risks and Premiums. ; Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of- risks : . .
written during the year $296,184,339 $3,317,857 37
Net amount of risks ex-
pired,, during the year. 266,134.135 3,225,073 33
Net amount In force De- :
cember 31, 1897 .:.......( 353.652.352j 3.873,312 o*.
E. C. IRVIN. President.
. DEN T. .' HERKNESS, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 24th,
day of January. 1898. - -
THOMAS B. PROSSER. Notary Public.
T. C. SHANKLAND, :
STATE AGENT.
JOHN D. RICHARDS,
MANAGER S. F. DEP'T..
2>9 SANSOmB STREET,
' SAN : FRANCISCO.
IfieWSTSLSOwrYHTFILIPINOS WILL
CAUSE TROUBLE
Gannot Understand the
Rules of War.
TO LOOT IS THEIR AMBITION
WONDER WHY AMERICANS ARE
•■".'. NOT THE SAME.
Aguinaldo Names a Cabinet and
Partially Organizes His So-
Calied Provisional
Government.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
: ; f-AVITK AMSEXAL. July IS.— The
; American army, as I write, begins to
iaraw its lieadly arms about Manila. It
•is^rue.our good friends, the insurgents,
■ hikv,- no hesitancy in saying- they would
take the city, if they could, before we
fTitir the gates of the old walled town.
;Tae loot <>f centuries lies there, in the
ohur.-hep, the rich warehouses, the
lid dwellings of the Eurasianaris
incra-ry. It is the loot of the forefath
.me men who are in in
f.urivetion n<>w against the power of
iigpain.: Perhaps it would be but sim
iStlce to let the Tagallos take their
ow-h; Most unfortunately, the Ta
- have a fashion <.f taking more
than th>>ir own. They have the mod
ern fashion, indeed, of taking every
thing in sisht. And there were others
looked by th.- Spaniards long ago, be
ars of the Tagallos, and
that • - In Manila to thia day.
there i? the law of modern wTar
perl ■ tly incomprehensible to the
. whk-h forbids looting altc-
I
N.'w, the Filipino, otherwise the Ta
. has never seen anybody he ad-
I " a so much as he does the Ameri-
It Is a demonstration of the
■ of brute force upon the crude in
:. He does not comprehend why
usier hand in warfare, as he
knows the American to be, should re-
his passions, should abstain from
looting -and ravishing, should be mer
ciful to a fallen foe. But he eompre
perfectly, and he knows
thai if the American enters Manila
!i:.-t there la an end of all hope of loot.
American will enter Manila first,
theless, and then he will settle
with Mr. Auruinaldo and the balance of
You will hear of the fall
[anila, in my opinion, long before
:thnj letter reaches you. You will have
to hear likewise, I firmly believe,
trouble has begun between the
Americana and the natives.
i Tlu- Filipinos, despite the case of big
[head grown by Aguinaldo since Dewey |
hi r < extended him so much aid, can no!
iimr*' capture Manila without the aid of j
a fleet than they can fly. They can
taki- it from the Americans, after the
Ain.Tivans get possession, no more than
they can take it from the Spaniards
:npw. it is the blockade of Dewey that
lias doomed Luzon's capital. That we
wili have a long and bitter fight to
•hat we have taken I firmly nc
r that the Tagallos, as
are one cent who are their i
.coasters, or whether they have masters
a'i- all. They Bght for the pure love
of -jfightih'g. There are a few half
: of these Aguinaldo is one,
I tittle better than the mass
'■:, ;■: (hefr countrymen, who dream
: a Philippine republic, who
the Ignorant natives astray, and
the desire that the
•Unite rnment should ex
• rate over their so-called
republic, because responsible for its
fore the world in return.ior eer
trade advantages, until it is able
alone. That will be, if I know
'.anything of the Tagallo character,
never— and the United States is not in
■•that kind of business.
The last step by Aguinaldo has been
Jh the direction of the partial organiza
tion of a provisional government, a
7;;nent whose recognition by Ger
snany, for instance, would tend to com
• - matters for America somewhat.
This government. was proclaimed as the
result of a consultation of rebel leaders
held at Paraaqu'e yesterday and was
celebrated by a grand native feast and
at Kacoor last ni^ht. The proc
lamation in printed in Spanish and
:TagallO, English having not yet. ap
made the official tongue.
In it Aguinaldo, president and dictator,
: names as his cabinet:
;. of War, Don Baldonero
Aguinaldo, a brother of the chief.
Secretary of the Interior and other
things (a free translation), Don Lean
flero y Harra.
Secretary of the Treasury and allied
tments, Don Mariano Trias.
. The portfolios of foreign affairs, ma
. rine and commerce are expressly re
ed to the presidency until the dic
tator can find men who are, in his opin
; ion, competent to fill them. Not a flat
tering provision to the numerous small
i gentlemen who strut about this neigh
borhood attached to large swords and
plentifully adorned with gold lace. The
chances are Aguinaldo knows his own
people a great deal better than any
body else does, and this clear demon
stration of the fact that he does not
trust them will not conduce to the
ly erection of the much-desired
• American protectorate. On the whole,
'. cunning as he is, the dictator has made
.. a mistake this time. Even the Ger
mans cannot overlook the slur upon
' .the Tegallos contained in this bom
. bastic proclamation.
< if the arrival of the second expedi
tion you have already been advised, of
the -deaths en route and of the landing
of .the troops >»n the south side of Ma
■ nija. You see how difficult it is to write
•: news when the cable flashes the meat
; ..of.all important orcurrences over 7000
.'"•'• rrijUejs of space. The troops will have
:■' been baptized in fife before this letter
:,— reaches The Call's readers. What will
not be known nor appreciated will be
the great Joy which came to camp with
'•• the arrival of the first mail. Every
I lad had a letter from mother or sweet
;: heart soon after the China dropped an
chor in the harbor on Saturday — and
.: while you did not send me nearly
GRAPE-NUTS.
GOOD FOOD.
•Strength comes from good food and
■ stckness of any sort often means a
■ lack of the right sort or failure of pro-
■•;• per digestion thereof.
Grape-Nuts, the delicious new food
made by the Postum Co., Battle Creek,
-Mich., can be digested by babes, as
•• well as adults and charms them all.
At grocer*.
enough Calls to go around, I saw to
it that every company had its share.
And The Call, as usual, was ahead.
It was the only paper that reached
camp that day. The others came strag
gling along a day late, and one es
teemed contemporary — the Chronicle —
did not get papers ashore until to-day.
Of course, everybody had read all the
news by that time— and, anyway, the
boys of the First Regiment were all
agog at an order from headquarters to
move to thi front to-morrow morning.
Colonel Duboce.with the First Battal
ion, was sent out to the front on last
Thursday, thus having the honor to be
the very head of the American advance
guard. You see. California leads the
world away from home also. The bal
ance of the regiment, with Colonel
Smith and staff, will join the First Bat
talion in ramp before Manila to-mor
row After that will come the fire
works. SOL N. SHERIDAN.
TWO STEAMERS REACH
VICTORIA FROM ALASKA
One Hundred Passengers Bring Half
a Million in Gold and $300,
000 in Drafts.
VICTORIA. B. C, Aug. 17. — The
steamer Danube arrived this afternoon
from St. Michael with 100 passengers
and a considerable amount of gold
dust. A party of Norwegians is said
to have $200,000.
The purser of the Danube says he
estimates the amount of gold brought
down on the steamer at half a million.
The drafts, he thought, would reach
$300,000. A large number of passengers
had small sacks and wallets ranging
from $1000 to $5000.
Passengers from the Ipwer Yukon
say a large number of men are going
up the Kyoku River to Tramway Creek
and other diggings at the head of that
river. They are taking out gold there,
but not in very large quantities. At
Mlnook all who have properties are
working energetically and looking for
ward to good results.
The steamer Govp- Stoneman is
lying on her side on a sandbar near the
mouth of the river and cannot be float
ed without considerable labor and ex
pense. The steamers Progreso and
Laurada were at St. Michaels -when the
Danube left, preparing* to come down.
The steamer Roanoke from Seattle ar
rived just as the Danube sailed.
The steamer Tees arrived to-day from
Skaguay, Alaska, Her passengers con
firm the news of the rich strike on Pine
Creek in the Lake Tagish district.
HUNDRED THOUSAND
TO BE MUSTERED OUT
Volunteers Will Be Permitted to
Choose as to Remaining in
the Service.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.— At mid
night to-night the President announced
his decision to muster out of the ser
vice from 75,000 to 100,000 of the volun
teers. Those to be discharged will in
clude the three branches of the service
—infantry, artillery' and cavalry.
From a prominent official of the ad
ministration it is understood to be the
desire of the President to ascertain the
wishes of the volunteer troops them
selves as to remaining in the service.
One or two organizations have already
indicated a desire to leave the service
I as soon as the Government can rea-
I sonably do without them. They are
| composed largely of business and work
ing men whose private interests are
suffering by reason of their absence
from home.
It may be some time before the or
ganizations to be mustered out will be
designated, but the reduction in the
volunteer force will be made as soon
as practicable.
FAST TENNIS PLAYED ""
AT SANTA MONICA
SANTA MONICA, Aug. 17.— The present
tournament of the Southern California
Lawn Tennis Association is proving
very successful. The best tennis
ever seen on these courts was
played to-day in the match be
tween Picher and Bell, In the
finals of the all-comers' singles. It was j
the best three out of five and an evenly
matched game almost to the finish, Picher
winning. The following were the scores:
All comers, double*— "Way and Rowan beat
Acker and Lllllngston, 6-3. 6-2.
Overton and B. Rowan beat Osburn and Ped
ley 6-2, 6-2.
Humlller and Wellcome beat M. and W.
Manning, 6-3, 6-2.
Chapman and Cosby beat South and Sutton,
Hendrtda and Slnsabaugh beat Waring and
BuUher, 3-fi, 9-7, 6-2.
Finals in open singles— Picher beat Bell, 7-5,
6-3 6-2.
Ladles' singles, first round— Miss Sutton beat
Mlsi Beymonr, 6-". 6-1.
Miss A. Jones beat Mrs. Hendrlcks, 6-2. 8-6.
Mrs. Heymour won from Mrs. Ruthven by
Georglna Jones beat Miss Sterling, 3-6, S-6,
8-6.
Pe^ond round— Miss Sutton beat Miss Alice
Jones. 6-1, 6-2, 6-2.
POSTPONEMENT OF
CORBETT-M'COY FIGHT
Mill Will Take Place in Buffalo Not
Later Than the First of
October.
NEW YORK. Aug. 17.— The Corbett-
McCoy flpht has been postponed until
between September 25 and October 1, not
later than the lutter date. This was de
rided upon at a conference between "Wll
ll;im Gray, representing McCoy and the
Hawthorne Athletic Club, and George
Considlne, Corbett's backer.
BUFFALO, Aug. 17.— The following dis
patch was received from Kid McCoy at
Saratoga:
To the Sporting Editor of the Times: I am
willing t<i grant a postponement of my bout
with Corbett. scheduled for September 10 at
Cheektowaga. I shall not demand hIH forfeit.
but will give him all the time he wunts, pro
viding the demaii'l Is within reason. I will pay
no attention to Tommy Ryan. I'm out for big
ger game, and will take on Fitzslmmons as
soon as I get the chance.
CHARZJES (KID) McCOT.
THROTJGH A TRESTLE.
At Least Six Persons Killed on a Brit-
ish Columbia Road.
VICTORIA, B. C Aug. 17.— News was
received here to-day of an accident on
the Union Colliery Railway line, result
ing in the death of at least six per
sons. The wires to Union City are
down and full details have not been re
ceived. As far as can be learned the
regular work train, with a passenger
couch attached, plunged through the
trestle which spans the Trent River
about midway between Union wharf
and Union City. It was about 125 feet
high and 500 feet long.
ACCUSED OF MURDER.
Gotham Police Believe They Have
Miss Reynolds' Slayer.
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— The police
were so positive that in Dr. Samuel J.
Kennedy, dentist, they have the mur
derer of Emeline C. Reynolds, who was
found dead In a room of the Grand j
Hotel yesterday, that Captain Price of '
the West Thirtieth-street station made i
an affidavit in the West Side Police j
Court to-day charging Kennedy with
homicide. He was held without bail for
examination on Friday.
Scofleld Renominated.
MILWAUKEE, Aug. 17.— Governor
Scofleld was renominated to-day by the
Republican State Convention in this
city. It required but one ballot to set
tle one of the hottest political fights
o.^er waged 'n this Ptite.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 18, 1898.
COL, SMITH LOST
HIS REGIMENT
Funny Incident Before
Manila.
FALSE ALARM AT NIGHT
CALIFORNIANS SENT OUT TO
REPEL ATTACK.
Their Commander Returning From
a Solitary Reconnoissance Finds
His Entire Force Missing
From Camp.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
GAMP DEWET, with the Second
Brigade before Manila, July 21. — There
are now nearly 5000 men in camp under
General Greene, a force strong: enough
to hold its position in the con
tingency of a Spanish sortie. And
speaking of Spanish sorties reminds me
of a rather funny occurrence night be
fore last, which for a time looked as
though it might have a grimly tragic
side. You will have heard something
about it, of course, by caWe. This is
the story:
There were two battalions of the
First California in camp, and the en
tire First Colorado, the California boys
lying closer to the Spanish lines and
about two miles away. The Colorado
men had not been here as long as the
Californians, and their officers did not
understand the situation so well. Col
onel Smith, for example, knows what
the Spanish and the Tagalles are in the
habit of shooting back and forth across
their respective lines every morning
and evening, not, apparently, so much
for its purpose of killing each other as
to convince each that the other is at
attention in the trenches. These skir
mishes, as a rule, mean so little that
the Americans down here have ceased
to pause when commencing to count the
shots, and, although a Spaniard or a
Filipino is shot and killed occasionally,
that seems rather in the nature of acci
dent.
To return to my tale. The officers
of the Colorado regiment, being tender
feet, were not case-hardened to this fir
ing and, being ambitious, threw a line
of outposts toward the Spanish posts
well beyond the California pickets.
Matters were moving with the usual
routine in camp on Wednesday even
ing at 8 o'clock. Colonel Smith, watch
ful as usual, had been out to see how
the Spanish line looked at night with
a view to handling his men with I
greater effectiveness after dark. This !
is a country wherein men do not fight j
in the daytime, nature doing all the ■
necessary heating while the sun is at i
meridian, and, as the boys say, the col
onel was never slow in getting "next."
The boys in the shelter tent dozed
peacefully, and the officers about head
quarters gossiped of the relative
merits .of the Springfield and the
Mauser rifles as a dealer of death. The
cruiser Boston, sent over by Admiral
Dewey to cover the landing of Ameri
can troops, lay under the trees lining
the beach, covering: Manila with the
threat of her guns. The American
camp, Camp Dewey, It should be re
marked in passing, is well within the
range of the Spanish guns. It is not
shelled for the very good reason that
Augusti understands perfectly that one
shell thrown among the troops will
bring upon Manila swift destruction
from the fleet.
To return once more and finally to
my story. The camp dozed peacefully.
The big guns of the Spanish and
Aguinaldo's old smooth-bores at Pasay
growled sullenly across the trenches,
the growling broken, now and again,
by the sharp snap of the Mauser, like
the quick barking of terriers. Sud
denly into the peaceful scene was in
jected an element of disturbance. A
man in a blue uniform, panting like a
tired dog, rushed down the Calle Real
(King's road) from Pasay, tried to rush
the California sentry, and being halted
could gasp only the one word, "Dis
patches!" Then he caught his breath j
and told how the Spaniards had made |
a sortie, driven the insurgents from
their works and were coming down the
road at a double to attack the Ameri
can camp. Then the dispatch bearer
ran on to the Colorado camp.
There was the wildest commotion at
once. The whole peaceful aspect was
changed. In fact the only really peace
ful place was at the trenches, where
Colonel Smith was calmly watching the
firing on both sides, thinking how much j
better his boys would do if given a j
chance. A few insurgents had run back
past him, panic stricken for a moment,
but had quickly advanced again. He
was at the one place where nothing
was happening.
In camp Lieutenant Colonel Duboce
turned out the regiment quickly, tak
ing a strong position on a line from the
Calle Real to the beach. Colonel Hale
of the First Colorado turned out his
men with equal promptness, his left
resting on the California troops and
his right extended in the trees lining
the cross road from the Calle Real to
Pasay. It was magnificent, though
dark, but it was practice drill rather
than war. General Greene, having his
headquarters at that time on board the
China, was sent for hastily and came
ashore with his staff. Colonel Smith,
returning from the front in a caramat
ta rode peacefully into camp and
found his regiment missing. That is
! not as small a matter as it seems at
first glance. A thousand Americans is
a pretty large quantity in this land of
mangoes and small men. The colonel
found his boys presently, agreed to the
disposition of them which had been
made and waited in the darkness for
the coming of the Spaniards he had not
seen at the front. The Spaniards that
they waited for never came. And that
is the true story of the first battle be
fore Manila.
Late this afternoon the Insurgents
captured five Spanish spies at the out
posts of Pasay. They had passes rolled
up in cigarettes. They were taken to
■Racoor and will be shot in the morn-
[ ng . SOL N. SHERIDAN.
THIBTY PERSONS KILLED.
Terrible Collision on a Railroad in
South Africa.
CAPE TOWN^A'Jg. 17.— A collision is
reported to have occurred at Matjesfon
tein between a goods train and a pas
senger train, In which thirty persons
were killed. After the collision the cars
of the passenger train caught flre and
twelve natives were roasted alive.
Twenty-five natives and live Europeans
were killed. Among the latter were Mr.
Devilllers. one of the bond candidates
for Vryburg: Rev. Mr. dv Toil, wife and
child and Davey Cox, a prominent
Rand' football player. Many other per
sons were injured.
Bicycle Records Broken.
SPOKANE, Aug. 17.— Two track
records, a Pacific Coast record and it
is believed one world's record went
glimmering at the Blue Ribbon bicycle
meet to-day. Wilson won the mile in
vitation race In 2:01 1-6, a fifth of a sec
ond under the time made by Eddie
Bald several years ago in California
and which has stood until now as the
Pacific Coast record in competition.
Carl Holzel, well-known in Boise and
Salt Lake, went against the world's
amateur record for a paced third of a
mile. He made it in :35 3-5, a second
under the world's record.
FREQUENT SKIRMISHES
BEFORE THE SURRENDER
Captured Spaniards Report That the
Enemy Suffered Heavy-
Losses.
Bpeclal Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BY SOL N. SHERIDAN.
CAMP DEWEY, Aug. 4 (via Hong
kong, Aug. IT). — I spent last night with
the troops in the outworks, in a piti
less tropical rain. I found that there
has been firing nightly. A man was
killed in the breastworks on Mon
day and another by a shell from
Malate Tuesday night. The Span
iards since Tuesday have made
no attempt to break through
the American lines. The dogs feeding
on the dead on Wednesday were prob
ably eating the bodies of the Spanish
slain in Sunday's battle. Traces of
these horrid feasts were found by the
American troops on the field yester
day.
The men are highly excited over Sun
day's events. The troops have per
mitted their ardor for battle to out
run discretion and have been firing,
especially Tuesday night, largely at
shadows.
The trenches were held last night by
the Second Battalion of the First Cali
fornia, Major Sime commanding, and
a battalion of the Third Artillery,
Major O'Hara commanding. Both are
cool officers and had orders not to fire a
shot until the Spaniards were coming
over the earthworks. Throughout the
night I heard only two shots from
Mausers, sharpshooters spotting our
pickets' right flank through loopholes.
I saw moving shadows in the moonlight
and dogs straying about the battle
field, but not a sign of Spaniards. Not
a shot was fired from the American
lines, consequently the Malate guns
were silent.
Captain Richter succumbed to his
wounds to-day.
August 6.— The Spaniards renewed
the attack on the American outworks
last night. The trenches were occupied
by a battalion each of the Fourteenth
and Twenty-third regulars and the Ne
braska volunteers. The latter, holding
the extreme right, and the company of
regulars on the extreme left, returned
the Spanish fire, and hot firing lasted
a half-hour. The American casualties
were chiefly from shells. The killed
I were:
Privates McCann, Company C, Four
teenth Infantry.
S. F. Howell, Company D, Fourteenth
Infantry.
C. Saur, Company F, Twenty-third
Infantry.
Eleven were wounded, four seriously.
They are: Privates D. J. O'Connor,
Company D, thigh; Clinton Lambert,
Company E, chest; Lucius Snow,
Company D, Fourteenth, leg; Claus F.
Head, Company G, abdomen.
During a heavy artillery duel this
| forenoon the Utah artillery replied
i with spirited fire to the Spanish guns,
j finally landing a shell near Pulverin.
It must have disabled the guns, as the
Spanish ceased immediately.
Corporal Ernest Dozier of the Signal
Corps has been promoted to sergeant
by General Greene for distinguished
gallantry on the field. During the heavy
artillery fire last night the telegraph
line in the trenches was damaged. Do
zier repaired it under fire with great
sangfroid, enabling communication to
be maintained with headquarters at a
Itical moment.
August 9.— Three deserters from thr
anish army, brought in from the
nches by the First Colorado, report
enty Spaniards killed, including a
?taln and two lieutenants, and six
:n wounded in the engagement on
|"'y 31. Six were killed and ten wound
on August 2. An officer was killed
[ six men wounded on August 5.
n English merchant refugee informs
that shells from the Utah battery
ered the walled city on July 31. One
iloded in the Malate magazine, kill
three officers, another exploded in
Englishman's residence near the
sjlish Club, another entered the in
try barracks at Malate, exploding
the, rrtTdst of a company, killing an
cer and several men. He says no
reliable statement of the Spanish losses
are obtainable, but they were heavy.
Deserters report the Spanish position
before Malate, Santa Ana and Paco
greatly strengthened, additional guns
having been mounted.
August 10— To-day Father William D.
McKinnon, chaplain of the Californ
ians walked along the beach from the
camp into Manila. About 500 yards
from Malate he was fired on by a Span
ish picket, but was uninjured. The
priest walked bravely forward and was
met by two captains and escorted to
the Malate fortress. Father McKin
non later was escorted to Archbishop !
Nozaledas at the palace, where he was
received cordially. The Archbishop
stated he always had been anxious for j
a restoration of peace, and would do all
in his power to secure a cessation of
hostilities. He did not think Manila
would be surrendered without a fight.
The Spaniards in the city are starving,
nevertheless. They expect Jaudemes
to make a last desperate effort.
The Archbishop denied most emphat
ically the authorship of the circular as
cribed to him. exhorting the Spaniards
to resist Yankee invaders with their
last drop of blood. As a man of God,
he said, he could not have given utter
ance to such sentiments. He always
had been an apostle of peace. He bade
Father McKinnon a cordial adieu,
placed a carriage at his disposal for the
visit to Jaudemes, whom he described
as small and of not imposing presence.
The priest received a c<-rdial welcome,
but the Governor's conversation was
less peaceable than the Archbishop's.
Manila Jaudemes said, would not be
given up without a struggle. He had
received General Merritt's and Admiral
Deweys notification that the city would
be bombarded and the Spanish Hag still
flew. If the Americans wanted the city
they must capture it.
After this interview Father McKin
non was driven in a carriage along the
Luneta and escorted across the lines
by Spanish officers. His courageo-us
act, after having been fired on during
a previous attempt, the bullet cutting
his clothes, was one of the most re
markable of modern warfare.
Private Edward A. O'Neill of Com
pany H, First California, was acci
dentally killed to-day by Private John
Lunsford of the same company.
The Astor Battery is anxious to get
to the front before the surrender of Ma
nila, having now plenty of ammunition
fit for service.
Private Edwin L. Young of Astoria,
Company A, First Oregon; Private Hol
brook, Company C, First Oregon, and
Leslie B. Paden, Company E, Minne
sota died of typhoid fever.
Rain Stops the Racing.
BUFFALO. Aug. 17.— A deluge of rain
caused a postponement of the grand
circuit races at Fort Erie to-day after
the first heat of the $5000 Queen City
stake had been trotted. The Western
mare Mattie Patterson, won the heat
in 2 14 with Hattie R second and Sur
pol third. Directum Kelly, equal favor
ite with Mattie Patterson, finished fifth.
Philippine Revenue Tariffs.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.— The War
Department has issued regulations for
the guidance of officers concerned in
the collection of duties on imports and
exports, taxes and other charges and
exactions to be collected as a military
contribution at ports and places in the
possession or under the control of the
forces of the United States in the Phil
ippines. The regulations are substan
tially the same as were recently put
into operation in Cuba. The rates of
duty, however, differ in many import
ant particulars.
SOLDIER INMATES OF
THE CAVITE HOSPITAL
List of the Sick Among Troops From
California and Other Coast
States.
CAVITE ARSENAL. July 19.— 1 send
I herewith a list of the boys who are
sick in the general hospital. It is the
principle in the army not to make pub
j lie the particular form of disease from
| which a roan may be suffering. There
I are, however, three cases of typhoid
: fever among the Nebraska troops taken
i off the China. Private G. H. Perkins
1 of the First California is extremely low
: with pneumonia and William H. Bush
of the First Colorado is 111 with spinal
meningitis. The balance of the cases
j are measles and the slight fever char
acteristic of the country. In all this
! there is nothing serious.
The hospital service is excellent. Dr.
! McCarthy of the First California has
been appointed divisional medical of
| fleer, and has entire charge of the
; whole command. He has a most ef
ficient corps of doctors and nurses and
j the mothers at home can rest assured
the boys will be well care for.
The list of sick follows:
California First Regiment Volunteers—
Daniel J. Nicholls, Harry Anderson, John
E. Page, Robert S. Mudge, Robert Allen,
John S. Crawford, Wade H. Spencer.
Francis A. Corbuaier, John A. Gibney,
Harry H. Morris, Henry Doscher, Arthur
Green, Seligman Katz, John J. Egan,
i George H. Perkins, Edgar Taylor, H. A.
! Stube, Charles G. Bartlett, R. W. Hart
well, August W. Wigand. Fred A. Hen
klf, Corbett Dean, E. H. Levy, William
Menzel, John C. Devany, Peter D. Mc
! Carty, John S. Crawford.
Nebraska First Regiment Volunteers-
Oliver Langdon, W. C. Richard, F. M.
I Knouse, Thomas A. Robertson.
Colorado First Regiment Volunteers—
! Carl A Oakleaf. Elmer Lee, William
j Chapin, Edward Scott. William C. Clanc,
i Sergeant Benjamin Benjamin. William B.
i Cummings. Walter Levisee. Charles F.
i Knoffton, Osian Hanson. Arthur G. Baker,
Charles B. Bobbins. Arthur D. Ingraham.
John O'Brien. James F. Maguire, Herbert
A. Lyon. James E. Walker. John D. Wax
field. William H. Bush, Chief Musician
Harry T. Irvine.
Oregon Second Regiment Volunteers-
George Stormer, William Waun. Charles
G. MoCutcher, Charles J. Ferguson, Mor
: rls Whitehead.
Ttah Artillery Volunteers— John A. An
! derson, Godfrey J. Bluth.
- — ♦ —
THREE AGED LECHERS
ARRESTED AT TACOMA
By Use of Money and Candy They
Accomplish the Ruin of Lit
tle Girls.
TACOMA, Aug. 17.— Tacama is stirr«d
up over the arrest to-day of three men
over BO years of age, charged with as
saulting girls under 13 years of age. The
police are after a fourth member of the
gang. Public feeling runs high, de
manding that these alleged despoilers
shall be severely punished if found
guilty.
Six girls between 11 and 13 years old
have so far confessed to doings with
members oflthe gang. Early this week
the mother of one of the girls discov
ered the awful truth. Upon being ques
tioned the child confessed, naming the
men now accused, and also naming
other girls who had been her compan
ions.
The mother hastened to Justice Mat
tison with her story. Prosecutor Far
ley was summoned and an investigation
fallowed. Several of the girls were
called in. At first they denied the
truth of the story, but finally broks
down under Farley's questions and told
all.
So far as known the crimes charged
were committed between July 20 and
August 9. The men arrested are Thomas
Peters, aged 67, an engineer; Charles
Byer, a shingle mill employe, and Sam
uel Holloway, a colored barber, each
over 50 years of age. B;;th Ho-lloway
and Peters have children of their own.
Peters' wife and daughter are heart
broken over to-day's developments. The
girls implicated are members of good
families. The defendants have been
placed in the County Jail and their ex
aminations set for Friday and Tuesday
next.
Maior Bracfcett's Plum.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.— The Presi
dent this evening announced the ap
pointment of Major Fred Brackett of
Maryland as secretary of the United
States commission to the Paris Expo
sition. Major Brackett is chief of the
appointment division of the Treasury
Department. During the administra
tion of President Harrison he was chief
clerk of the Treasury Department.
Corbetts Coming From the East.
NEW YORK. Aug. 17.— George Con
sidine, the manager for James J. Cor
bett, said to-day that Corbett had made
all arrangements to leave the city for
San Francisco. He will be accompanied
by his wife and his brother Thomas.
Russian Warrior Dead.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 17. — Gen
eral Tschersaieff, the conqueror of
Tashkend, died suddenly to-day.
Off for Ukiah.
There will be a special popular excur
sion to Ukiah on Sunday next. The fare
for the round trip will be only $2. Ex
cursionists will leave Tiburon ferry at 8
a m. and returning the train will leave
rkiah at 4:30 p. rh.. thus giving four hours
time to visit the famous fish hatchery of
the San Francisco and North Pacific
Railway. Vichy Springs and other points
of interest.
Horrrs school
FOR BOYS-LIMITED).
Large corps of teachers. Superior home ac-
commodations. Next term opens August 9,
IS9S " IRA G. HOITT, Ph. D., Principal.
"miss wests school for girls,
colleges. Accredited to the University of Cali-
fornia Kindergarten in connect on with the
school . Numberjof house j^pHsJimitecL
THE HAMLIN SCHOOL
(Van Ness Seminary), 1849 Jackson St.. S. P.
Term opens August 4. Departments school
work from Kindergarten to Joliege Prepara-
tory Cour ß e. AddrtM MISS 6ARAHJS HAM-
LIN, MRS. EDNA SNELL POULSON.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Select boarding and day school for young
ladies. 2126 California st.. San Francisco. Will
reopen August 1. Accredited to universities.
Seminary and full conservatory music. Pri-
mary department for children. Carriage will
call REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M.
A— THE LYCEUM PREPARATORY SCHOOL
—This school prepares students for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges: its grad-
uates are admitted without examination to
Stanford University and Cooper Col'.egre on
recunv.nenJition of the principal; references,
President Jordan or any Stanford professor.
I PLelan building.
ADVERTISEMENTS. v , ■ /
Dress
During this special sale of dress goods
it. is advisable to purchase if you want
economy. Think of saving almost one-
Fifty pieces of novelty suitings, nice dark
colorings ; very neat patterns in about 15
different styles ; fully 38 inches wide ; silk
and wool ; worth 60 cents, but during this
sale the price is ...
*Z#<s_J^ cts a yard.
Twenty-five pieces English wire serge. A
splendid material for fail wear,; will not
wrinkle ; strictly all wool ; regular $1.00 qual-
ity ; 54 inches in width ; all the latest
shades new' blues a 'specialty. Selling
price now
£ *Z^ cts a yard.
{Market- street Store Only. ,
KOHLBERG,
STRAUSS &
FROHMAN,
107=109 POST STREET.
1220, 1222 and 1224 MARKET STREET.
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
— of THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— THE
THURINGIA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ERFURT, GERMANY. ON THE
31st day of December. A. D. 1597, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant, to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $396,180 00
Cash in company's office..'. 91 01
Cash in banks ■• 32,000 00
Interest due and accrued on all „,„,.,
stocks and loans •-•- 2. 100 07
Premiums in due course of collection 109,003 87
Total assets ••• 5539,44135
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense • « ,Si 15
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 6,134 90
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $304,693 43.
reinsurance 50 per cent 1a2, 346 71
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year. $35,282 04;
reinsurance pro rata ••-••-•• 75,203 47
All other demands against the com- .
pany 28.711 &>
Total liabilities ?283,956 IS
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums VJVV;"," 366 - 030 92
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from .
all other sources 10,000 00
Total Income ....» »• $376,030
.EXPENDITURES.
i Net amount paid for fire losses (in-
I eluding $1,304 74, losses of previous . .-
years) - •••• $107.460 73
Paid or allowed for commission or -
brokerage - •: — ;;;" 105,428 23
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc . - 21,310 70
Paid for State, national and local
taxes • 6.710 15
All other payments and expenditures 107,747 54
Total expenditures $348,657 36
• Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $129,745 53
Risks and . Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium
Net amount of risks
written during the year $44,519,941 $597,709 70
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 19,590.070 257,446 12
Net amount In force De-
cember 31. 1897 30,364,615 399,973 47
~~~~ F. G. VOSS. United States Manager.
Subscribed end sworn to before me this 18th
day of January, 1898. MARK A. FOOTE,
Commissioner for California in Chicago.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
Manager Pacific Coast Department,
204-208 SANSOME STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
I; ■ ;
STATEMENT
' — -OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE — - •
Frankfort Marine and Accident
INSURANCE COMPANY.
OF FRANKFORT. GERMANY, ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1597, and for
the year ending on that. day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the : State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions ' of sections
ClO and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up in
cash •••■ $312,600 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company...... $42.500 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 644,575 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company... 450,959 43
Cash in company's office.: .12,900 94
Cash in banks .i... 182,317 25
Interest due and accrued on all
. stocks and loans 1.003 30
Premiums in due course of collection 63,233 54
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid. 255,832 03
Total assets ...........:.. $1,653,321 49
• LIABILITIES. — -
Losses adjusted and unpaid.'.. $151,346 50
Gross premiums on marine and in- :
land navigation risks, reinsurance
100 per cent ••••• .............. 22,734 74
Gross premiums on marine time
risks reinsurance £0 per cent....... 17,013 88
Liability under other departments... 299.632 50
Pension fund •••• ••••• 11,458 4S
All other demands against the com-
pany ..... •• • ...■■ 424.443 83
Total liabilities .. ........... .......r $926,620 92
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for ma- •
' rine premiums :...... $417,015 S3
Received for - premiums in other -
branches .:.... ......... "••■"•• 712,821 93
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans ■ and from .
all other sources ...■.........'...,. 81. 628 21
Received from all other sources...... • . 142,042 '.!
Total Income $1,303,508 63
EXPENDITURES. , ..:*:
Net amount paid for marine losses.. $331,101 54
Dividends to stockholders....'. ;. : 62,500 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
. brokerage ... .. ... •• ■ •. •- • • ......... 151. 82S 57
Paid •' for i- salaries, • fees and : other -
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 48,549 84
Paid for ', State, -,: national and local • ■ rtvy^
taxes" .■.....:..:...... .-•••"••"•■■•••••••' ■• 5.599 44
All other payments and expenditures 546,933 OS
Paid ' lor , losses lin branches other ;
than marine .. 156.995 96
Total expenditures '.V. ..'.. .$1,303,508 53
F. .GERSON. President. 5
P. DUMCKE, Secretary.
Subscribed . and sworn : to before '. me' this ■ 4th
day Of April. 1898. FRANK H. MASON.
United States Consul General.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
A Manager Pacific Ccast Department,
204-208 SANSOME STREET,
VX. v>; : .. BAN FRANCISCO. '['. * ■ " ' %< .
AMUSEMENTS.
YY alter Mokosco, Sole Lessee aud Manager.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Main 532
Reserved Seats, . . . 25 and sOc.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . lOc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
Week of Autrust 15, IS9B. Exceptional produc-
tion of the great melodrama.
WORK AND WAGES
A Thrilling Story of Love, Labor and Capital-
New Scenery! Startling Effects!
SEE Tlie Langford Steel Works.
Special Engagement of the Clever Comedian.
H. G. HOCKEY; and the Dainty Soubrette,
MARION HOCKEY.
MME. TAVARY, World-Famous Prima Donna.
•The -Heßelmanns. Europe's Greatest Aerlal-
ists; Bonnie Thornton, the Dresden Doll; Grant
& Norton, refined comedy sketch; Mcßride &
CJoodrich, clog dances and songs; Lillian Burk-
hart and company, in a new sketch, "A Pass-
Ing Fancy"; James Thornton, new songs and
satire: O'Brien & Buckley, musical comlques;
the Macarte Sisters, thrilling wire act.
Reserved Seats, 2.V; Balcony. 10c; Opera,
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c. • ■ *' - '.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs.Ernestine Kreling.Proprletor and Manager.
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON!
TO-NIGHT, at 7:50 o'clock. Wagner's Cele*
' " brated Music Drama,
"LOHENGRIN.
Splendid Casts— Enlarged Augmented!
Orchestra of 80.
Grand Saturday Matinee at 1:30 p. m.— •
"LOHENGRIN."
Next Week, "LA GIOCONDA."
Popular prices, 25: and 50c. N. B. — A re-
served seat for the Matinee, 25c. Telephone. .
Bush 9. : ■ .' ■ ■ .
COLUMBIA THEATER.
THIS WEEK— ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Great Revival — in Cast.
The FRAWLEY COMPANY,
Augmented and presenting the famous -
** TRILBY."
FROM DU MAURIER'S NOVEL. . "
Next Monday— "ON PROBATION."
BALDWIN THEATER reopens NEXT MONj
PAY— HENRY MILLER In "HEARTSEASE."
__ — ______^ '
ALCAZAR______r.
LAST WEEK BUT ONE. ; \
LEW/IS MORRISON. S '
to^rrolv; FREDERICK THE GREAT
SEES?" Ypriok's
And Saturday .-,' | ,(~\\T^ k '/
And Sunday Nights O-JV_/ V %_*. ..
Next Monday— "The Merchant of Venice.
E VELODROME,
Corner Baker and Fell Sts. •
To-Night,
Friday and
Saturday Evgs.,
The only PAIN'S
Battle of Manila
And Blowing Up
Of the Maine
Reserved Seats $1.00. General
Admission 50 Cents.
'•EVERYBODY GOES WHERE THE SHAMROCK GROWS."
■ ■■ ■■ ■ ■•• -
H_firTflßPiTnr3nT_i
BTT3I t! 6sJi a v-l
- . - - ■ -.'.■•.;■
At MECHANICS' PAVILION, San Fr»nei»eo,
SATURDAY. August 20. to SATURDAY, Sep-
tember 10.
Don't forget that the One Dollar 6 Admission
Coupon Tickets will not be on sale after Satur-
day, August 20, at 6 o'clock. Purchase them
of any committeeman or at the Pavilion Box
Office open Saturday morning at 10 o'clock.
The regular admission. 25c: children. 10c. Tha
exposition open daily from 1 o'clock to 5:30 and
7 to 10:30 (Sundays excepted). Bennett's Big
Exposition Concert Band; Blarney Castle; Lim-
erick Races; Plenty of Amusement.
Great Celebrated Peace Jubilee Saturday
Night. Chorus of 500 Voices. Splendid Elec-
trical Effect. Battle of Manila, represented
by Moving Pictures and Military Effects. Grand
Chorus of 500 Voices, under direction of John,
W. McKenzie, will sing Irish and American
Patriotic Airs.
CENTRAL PARK
Market and Eighth Streets.
LARY'S BIG SPECTACULAR DISPLAY,
THE
BATTLE
OF
Manila
SATURDAY, AUG. 20, at 8:30 p. m.
A $40,000 PRODUCTION.
ROARS of LAUGHTER greet "
EDWIN R. LANG, the "Poetical Tramp."
CHUTES AND ZOO. ;
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING. ,
IN THE FREE THEATER.
CANNON THE 613-POUND SWISS. ALWAYS
■ AT HOME. , -'- -'
SEE SULTANA AND HER 3 BABY LIONB.
AN ALLIGATOR IS IN THE ZOO!
10c. Including Zoo and Theater; Children, So.
~~ SUTROJBATHS.
OF»EIN NIGHTS.
Open Daily from 7 a. m. until 11 p. nt. ,
ADMISSION lOc - - - ' — CHILDREN &$
ii».!,'jiric. with admission. 2Sc: cnildreu. Wo.
HI VMPI4 Eddy, cor. Greatest : > Fre«
ULliflrlAshow in America.* ROYAL TOKIO
ACROBATIC WONDERS, Japan's mot Skilled.
Balancers. Jugglers and Acrobats; DARRELIi
& MILLER. ROCKWELL, ROYCE SISTERS
and others. Admission free. Matinee Sunday.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
DO NOT DESPAIB! DonotSuf-
v i&ti&S&SkJ' fer Longer! . The Joys and ambitions of
> : >SSn5$l3l life can be restored to you. The very
KSfcl : Tffil 1 worst cases of Xervou* Debility a.f
SDO SOT DESPAIR ! Do not Suf-
fer Longer! The joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The rery
worst catws of Xcrvoui Debility are
absolutely cured >>y PEKFKOTO
.ffl?> TiBI.ETS. Give prompt relief to in-
W'-X "^ s TW?s»oiiinia. failing memory and the wast*
t^vfS??Sßsr and drain of vital powers, incurred by
>T' ;?VS-*"'l3* indiscretions or excesses of early years.
... t— yiufty sr Impart vigor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Give j^bt. bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes otl^T |Al ou nf or old-
Onr">oc box renews vital energy. f_ifJ6 boxes at
•2. a complete guaranteed curenffl^ur money re-
funded. Can be carried In vest, > *"*' pocket. Sold
everywhere, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
price by THE PERFECTCI CO., C«xt«n Bid*., (hlt.go, 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. San Fran, and Oakland.
_*ff^DEWEY,STRONG&CO._<£_X
(i "PATENTS! a)
I \£bS^33o MARKET ST. SfS"^
910
GOLDEN STATE BOYS
FOUGHT GALLANTLY
HOW MANILA
WAS TAKEN BY
OUR FORCES
Appreciation of the Hu
mane Action of the
Americans.
Californians First to Hoist the
Stars and Stripes Within
the Spanish Trenches,
HONGKONG, Aug. 17.— Manila was
surrendered, after a nominal defense,
on Saturday August 13. The American
flag now flies over the capital of the
Philippines and this was accomplished
without great expenditure of life. I
vas one of the first who traversed the
availed city.
The Manila newspapers on August 5
published the news that Captain Gen
eral Augustl has been superseded by
•Begiinno Cabo Don Fermin jaudemes
'Alvarez, and referred in terms of con
tempt to the Yankees. On August 7
Admiral Dewey and General Merritt,
acting jointly, notified General Jau
demes that they might attack the city
forty-eight hours after his receipt of
their note, and gave him an opportunity
to remove all non-combatants. This
joint notification was carried by Lieu
tenant Armitage, of H. M. S. Immor
i'alite.
General Jaudemes acknowledged Its
receipt at 12:30 p. m.. and expressed his
thanks to the American commanders
for their humane sentiments. He add
ed, however, that, finding himself sur
rounded by insurrectionary forces, he
was without any place of refuge for the
Increased number of wounded, sick and
women and children who were within
the walls. No request was made that
the Amerioans provide for their safety.
Foreign warships with refugees
. aboard moved out of the harbor on the
morning of August 9. A small party
of foreigners, chiefly British, remained
In the suburban portions of the city.
The Concord anci Petrel lay off the
mouth of the Pasig in such positions
as to prevent any vessels escaping, but
no action occurred until August 13, the
delay being to allow the American
troops to extend their front on the
right of the line. Frequent visits by
the Belgian Consul in the meantime to
General Merritt and Admiral Dewey
led to rumors that terms of surrender ]
yere being arranged .
. . Our fleet began to move In at 9 j
o'clock on Saturday morning, Dewey's j
flagship, the Olympia, led the fighting j
line as of old. The Olympia opened j
■ with her 8-inch guns at 9:35, the first
four shells being directed against the
Malate fort, called San Antonio de
Abad. All of these first shells fell short.
A passing rain squall made it difficult
. to get the range properly and observe
the result of the shots. The Raleigh,
Petrel and Callao also opened on the
.fort, the Boston, Baltimore, Charleston
eind Monterey standing in as supports.
.Most of the firing was done at a range j
of from three thousand to four thous
. and yards. The practice was excellent
: as soon as the range was determined, i
•! Most of the 5-inch shells fell in a bat
:■ tery protected by earthworks.
Sixteen 8-inch and sixty-nine 5-inch
DEWEY SENDS WORD
OF MANILA'S FALL.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.— The Government re
ceived the following direct official information to-day
of the surrender of Manila after a combined land and
sea bombardment last Saturday. It came in dis
patches from Admiral Dewey, brought from Manila to
Hongkong on the Zafiro:
"MANILA, Aug. 1 $.— Secretary of the Navy, Wash
ington: Manila surrendered to-day to the American
land and naval forces, after a combined attack. A
division of the squadron shelled the forts and intrench
ments at Malate, on the south side of the city, driving
back the enemy, our army advancing from that side
at the same time. The city surrendered about r;
o'clock, the American flag being hoisted by Lieutenant
Brumby. About 7000 prisoners were taken. The
squadron had no casualties, and none of the vessels
were injured.
"On August 7 General Merritt and I formally de
manded the surrender of the city, which the Spanish
Governor-General refused. DEWEY."
The Lieutenant Brumby mentioned is Admiral
Dewey's flag lieutenant.
shells were fired by the Olympia and
the Raleigh and the Petrel each drove
in about as many.
It was a pretty sight to see thi* Cal
lao. Lieutenant Tappan commanding,
and the launch Barcelo riding In the
heavy surf close Inshore pouring their
fire on the enemy's riflemen. There was
rifle fire in reply and the Callao was
struck. She was not damaged. The
Call-Herald launch followed close be
hind through the surf.
The general signal, "cease firing,"
was hoisted at thirty-two minutes past
10. Our infantry was seen a few
minutes later moving forward upon the
Spanish intrenchments. Their advance
was made under cover of a heavy fire
from the Utah Battery.
"With colors flying and bands playing
the troops moved swiftly along the
beach. There was the creek to be ford
ed. They plunged into it and were
soon across. Once over they deployed
in skirmish order along Malate, keep
ing up a heavy rifle fire and finally
halting on the runeta.
As far as I could see from The Call-
Herald launch the resistance made by
the Spanish troops was stubborn in the
extreme, at least for a nominal de
fense.
Flag Lieutenant Brumby went ashore
about noon in a Belgian launch, accom
panied by Inspector General "Whittier,
to find and interview General Jaudemes
and discuss the terms of the capitula
tion. General Merritt was present to
discuss the settling terms.
General Jaudemes was found after
considerable difficulty. He was finally
discovered in the security of a church
filled with women and children. . Flag
Lieutenant Brumby was forced to
speak sharply and peremptorily to sev
eral officers before he could find the
Governor General. Subsequently pro
ceedings regarding the terms were con
ducted in the municipal buildings, the
Governor General consenting to leave
the church after a brief conference.
The terms are briefly these:
The capitulation of the Philippines.
Officers to be allowed to retain their
swords and personal effects, but not
their horses, during their stay in
Manila.
Prisoners of war surrendering their
arms will have the necessary supplies
\ provided from the treasury. When
i that is exhausted the Americans are to
make provision.
All public property is surrendered.
The future disposition of Spanish
troops who surrendered will be deter
mined by negotiation between the re
spective governments.
Arms may be returned at General
Merritt's discretion.
The banks will continue to operate,
under existing regulations, which are
subject to change by the United States
Government.
Lieutenant Brumby, Immediately af
ter the terms of the capitulation had
been signed, hurried off to lower the
Spanish flag — in reality to lower all of
Spain's flags in the Philippines by tak-
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, THTTBSDAY, AUGUST 18, 1898.
Ing down one. He was accompanied by
two signal m»n from the Olympia.
This little party found Its way after
considerably difficulty into Fort San
dlago in the northern portion of the
walled city. There a large Spanish
flag was flying. Grouped about It were
many Spanish officers.
Brumby's presence there Jn the vic
tors' unifor i attracted a crowd from
the streets. They hissed as he ap
proached to haul down the flag. Then
the Stars 1 Stripes rose in place of
the other. Many of those present wept
bitterly as the flag of the victorious
stranger climbed Into place above the
fort.
Fearing the crowd might lower "Old
Glory," Lieutenant Brumby asked an
American Infantry officer to move up
a detachment to guard it. Fortunately
me met a company coming up with a
band. The Infantrymen presented
arms and the band played "The Star
Spangled Janner," which lent some
eclat to the ceremony.
The conduct of the Spaniards was
disgraceful after capitulation.
The gunboat Cebu was brought down
the river with a Spanish flag flying,
and was set on fire at the mouth of
the Pasig. A party of Americans
boarded her and hoisted the stars and
stripes. They tried fruitlessly to save
three launches and several boats,
which were also destroyed.
Landing soon after General Merritt I
traversed the walled city. I found both
inhabitants and soldiers looking re
markably well, considering the fact
that they had been reported to be
starving. Many were well pleased that
the capitulation of the city had been
agreed upon, as a bombardment of the
city proper must have been attended
by severe loss of life among women
and other non-combatants.
Our troops quickly occupied the city
on both sides of the Pasig. sleeping in
the streets throughout the night of
August 13, which was a wet one, and
made the strange conditions doubly
disagreeable. Yet the conduct of the
American troops was beyond praise. It
was simply admirable. They fraternized
good-humoredly with Spaniards and
natives.
A group of regulars squatted in Es
colta street, one of the principal busi
ness thoroughfares, edifying a great
crowd which had formed about them
with tuneful plantation ditties.
Our ships which were engaged
cruised freely at dead low water inside,
which on the British admiralty chart
is marked "three fathoms," although
the Olympia was drawing twenty-four
feet. As a matter of fact her navigator,
Lieutenant Calkins, during her stay
here carefully surveyed^ the water
along the city front.
The Callao went within rifle range
while covering the flank of the troops
as they advanced. The services of
Lieutenant Tappan, who is her com
mander, will doubtless receive especial
mention in the future.
The Monterey was not called upon to
try her guns during the bombardment,
but undoubtedly her presence and the
boldness with which she was navigated
within easy range of the city, had con
siderable influer cc on the Spanish in
their decision to capitulate.
The insurgents on August 14, the day
after the surrender, entered some Span
ish trenches on the outskirts, but were
repulsed. General Merritt notified them
that they would not be permitted to
come inside the city. It is probable the
Americans will now deal with the in
surgents, unless an amicable arrange
ment is arrived at soon.
The terms of the capitulation were
formally signed by the American Com-
missioners — General Green, Colonel
Whittier, Colonel Crowdes and Captain
Lamberton— and the Spanish Commis-
sioners — QQlonels San Jose Maria La
guen, Felin Don Carlos Reye and Gen
eral Don Nicholas de la Pena y Cuellas.
H. M. S. Immortalite and Iphlgenia,
whose commanders kept them in mo
tion, watched the fight from favorable
positions.
Alter the American flag was hoisted,
the German warship Kaiserin Augusta
slipped out, presumably Jmund for
Hongkong, without the courtesy of of
fering to carry dispatches from Ma
nila.
The Americans moved out of camp
early on the morning of August 13,
General Anderson directing operations.
General Greene, with the left wing,
swept along upon the trenches before
Malate. General Mac Arthur led the
right wing with the Astor Battery,
which took up a position on the right
of the Paslg and did gallant work.
One instance of this was when a Span
ish block house was carried by men
using their revolvers. The only rapid
fire gun of the line was silenced by this
gallant advance.
Three men of the Astor Battery were
killed.
The hardest fighting of the day was
done at a point on the right wing,
where the guns of the fleet under Fight
ing Dewey could give no assistance.
After the fleet had raked their posi
tion the Colorados, supported by the
Eighteenth regulars and the Utah Bat
tery, «wept it with the deadliest of
fires. The Spaniards fell back before
the charging Colorados, who followed
them closely, giving them no rest until
their position was ours and the Ameri
can flag was raised/ by Californlans,
who had been charging with the Col
orados.
The Californians, who were subjected
to a galling fire from Spanish sharp
shooters in the houses on the right,
moved past the Colorados into the su
burb of Ermita, where Company L,
which was leading, engaged in hot
fighting along Calle Real, where the
Spaniards had occupied street barri
cades. Once Calle Real was cleared
the attack was virtually over. About
noon a white flag was floating over the
city walls.
The Californians advanced at double
quick across the Luneta as General
Greene and his staff arrived to receive
the surrender.
By some error, while the troops were
standing at rest, Spaniards in the
walled city fired, fatally wounding
Privates Dunsoupe and Lamerson of
the Californians.
Our casualties were eight killed and
forty wounded.
The Spanish loss is estimated at 120
to 600 killed and wounded.
The Americans captured 11,000 pris
oners, 7000 being Spanish regulars; 2000
Mauser rifles, 3000 Remingtons, 18 mod
em cannon and many of an obsolete
pattern.
INSTRUCTIONS SENT TO
MERRITT AND DEWEY
Must Preserve Law and Order and
Treat Insurgents and Span
iards Alike.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.— The two
American commanders at Manila, Ad
miral Dewey and General Merritt,
united hi a joint dispatch which was
received here late this afternoon, ask
ing for instructions as to the manner
of dealing with the various elements,
particularly the insurgents, now that
the city Is occupied by the American
forces. After a conference at the
White House, in which Secretary Al
ger and Acting Secretary Allen par
ticipated, instructions were sent to the
American commanders. The text of
the request for instructions and of the
answer was not made public, but Sec
retary Alger summed up the instruc
tions substantially as follows:
"The instructions are to enforce law
and order and to treat all law-abiding
citizens alike."
It had been thought In some quarters
here that the showing heretofore made
by the insurgents would lead to their
receiving a certain amount of recogni
tion in the way of joint action between
the United States forces and those of
the insurgents when the city was oc
cupied; but the instructions sent to
night are based on occupation by the
United States alone; and as a high ad
ministration oflieial summed up the sit
uation, "there shall be no joint action
except between Merritt and Dewey.
They will maintain law and order and
will treat insurgents and Spaniards
alike, requiring all to observe peace and
order."
It was note- that neither the first
dispatch of Admiral Dewey nor the
joint dispatch of Dewey and Merritt
made any reference whatever to the
part which the Gorman cruiser Kaiser
in Augusta took in removing Captain
General Augusti from Manila to Hong
kong. From this the officials believe
that the American commanders do not
attach serious significance to the course
of the German naval authorities. The
incident continues to cause some irrita
tion here, but it is practically certain
that no official cognizance will be taken
of it. A high official of the Navy De
partment said that although the course
of the German naval commander was
one of bad taste, there is no disposition
in any official quarter at present to
carry the incident to the point of con
sidering it a breach of neutrality, as
has been suggested in some British
newspapers.
AUGUSTI SAYS DEWEY
TOLD HIM TO ESCAPE
American Admiral Said to Have De
clared He Would Raise No
Objections.
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— A dispatch to
the World says: August! claims that
he offered to surrender himself person
ally to Admiral Dewey ten days ag-o.
Dewey refused to accept his surrender
unless he surrerdered the city at the
same time. He told Augusti that if he
had a good chance to run he had no
objection. August! requested the Ger
mans to carry him to Hongkong. If
the Augurti story Is true it makes it
all the more mysterious why the Ger
man Consul denied to Consul General
Wildman all knowledge that Augrusti
was in Hongkong. He also denied that
the Kaiserin Augusta brought him.
The Philippine Junta is delighted with
the news, and delegation after delega
tion Is crowding the American Consul
ate tendering allegiance.
BERLIN, Aug. 17. — The Nord
Deutsche Allgemenine Zeitung explains
that the Kaiserin Augusta, which
brought away General Augusti from
Manila, left the harbor after the sur
render of the city and asserts thnt the
Spanish officers were allowed to go
free, so that General Augusti was able
to go whithor he pleased.
When Admiral yon Diedrichs permit
ted him to go to Hongkong on board the
Kaiserin Augusta, says the paper. It was
by agreement with the American com
mander-in-chief, if. indeed, the Ger
man admiral considered such an agree
ment fitlll necessary. Moreover, it is
also to be observed that the Spanish
troops at Manila may by mutual con
sent proceed to Spain or Hongkong.
MADRID. Aug. 17.— 1t is now assert
ed here that General Augusti left Man
ila after the surrender. The Govern
ment has received his report giving de
tails as to the surrender, but it is not
yet ready to publish It. It is asserted
that General Augusti on August 7 re
fused all propositions to surrender.
INSURGENTS TOOK NO
PART IN THE BATTLE
Dewey Said to Have Been Unaware of
the Flight of Governor
Augusti.
MANILA. Aus- 14, via Hongkong,
Aug. 17.— The California Red Cross So
ciety rendered valuable aid to tho sick
and wounded after the battle of Ma
ADVEB'JISEMEN^S.
wHERty iaaMgt \imrox-
i Ho earthly excuse for women
TO be AFFLICTED with: POOR COM-
, ■ PLEXIONS WITH THIS INCOMPARABLE
: . LIQUID MALT POOD AT THBIR BECK AND
CALL. ''■ " "- -'*5»- *^ ■■«**•' ■- "'« •*■•■• -- : ' '■■•■ M'
: POOR. COMPLEXIONS. CAUSED BY THIN.
STARVED BLOOD AND FAULTY DIGESTION, .
ARE SWEPT AWAY BY THE MAOIC TOUCH
; '.OF MALT-VIVINE. -i- v »*>-««*
, ) IT PRODUCES RICH. PURE BLOOD. OOOD,
[ : DIGESTION 'AND IN CONSEQUENCE A CLEAR.
I HEALTHY COMPLEXION. . :
: ' '. .'; = ( ALL DRUCCIBTS- I
Val.Blatz Brewing CO. i
MILWAUKEE.US.A.
Louis Cahcn & Son, Wholesale
Dealers, 4 16-4 8 Sacramento Street, :
j •.; '* San Francisco. .; - ■ . ; :, .■:■ ■ > >  . "; •-' ■ ,
nila. Perfect order prevailed in Ma
nila on the evening of August 13. As
the Americans marched in guards were
placed around the houses of all for
eigners, in order to prevent their being
looted.
The insurgents were not allowed to
take part in the attack upon the city,
but were kept in the rear of the Ameri
cans. In order to prevent bloodshed
they were forbidden to enter the city
after the surrender unless they were
unarmed.
Before the surrender the Spaniards
burned the transport Cebu in the "Pa
sig River.
It is supposed that Admiral Dewey
was unaware of the departure of Gov
ernor General Augusti. The
officers first heard the news of the
Governor General's 'flight on their ar
rival at Hongkong. Augusti's escape is
considered to have been prearranged,
as he took with him his family and
his suite.
Army Captain Kills Himself.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.— The War
Department to-day received a dispatch
from Lakeland, Fla., stating that Cap
tain John Carmichael of the commis
sary department had committed sui
cide by shooting. His home is in Lex
ington, Va. He married a daughter of
John Randolph Tucker. When ap
pointed he was with the Nicaragua
Canal Commission. He had been ill for
some time.
They Are Not Necessary.
MADRID. Aug. 17.— The Government
has decided to reject the resignations
of the Governors General of Cuba,
Porto Rico qnd the Philippines. The
Cortes, it is asserted, will reassemble
on September 15.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales 000,000 Boxoa -
FOB BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISOEDERS
such' as Wind and Pain In the Stomach.
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness, Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat. Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.'
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep; Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Tromblinpj Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES, Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to bo
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'S PI IXB, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure sick Headache* For a
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the . -
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine lv the World*
25c. at all Drug Stores.
A SOLDIER CURED!
CAMP MERRITT.
SAN FRANCISCO, June 9, 1898.
DR. FIERCE & SON— Gentlemen: Last Oc-
tober, while at Fort Bliss. El Paso. Texas, I
sent for one of your famous "Dr. Pierces Elec-
tric BeltB," for Rheumatism, etc., and after
using It only two months my complaints en-
tirely disappeared and I have not been troubled
; with any pain or discomfort since. I consider
your Belt to be the finest body-battery in ex-
istence, as the electric current is both powerful
and lasting- I purchased your No. XXX Belt,
and now, after using It several months, It Is
as good as new.
I heartily recommend Dr. Pierces Electric
Belt to all sufferers. Tours gratefully,
JOHN P. ANDERSON,
Co. H. 18th Infantry. U. S. Army. ■
(£7 Buy no Belt till you see Dr. Plerce's.
Write for our new "Book No. 2," which gives
price list and tells all about it, or call on the
FMERCE ELECTRIC CO.
620 Market St., opposite Palace Hotel. S. F.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S e~«*
jtiSa Museum of Anatomy
iM^i Jos!HjLmTST.bei : 6th4 7tSi, g.r.Cal.
t visit DR. JORDAN'S °™<
Museum of Anatomy
1051 UABIXT ST. bet. 6th k 7ti, B. F. CaL
The Largest of Hb kind In Ui« World.
v£i&% DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
1 YP&Jnj '^ ' Conmltv.ten free. Write Tor Book
W I Philosophy of * Marriage.
a v MAILED mcc. . -■
A gentleman, whose business is a constant strain upon
his nerves, relates that one night recently he was unabie
to sleep. On previous occasions he had observed a bene-
fit arising from the use of Ripans Tabules. On this
particular occasion, believing that heroic measures were
necessary, he took three. The result was really surpris-
ing. The effect was as quieting as though the medicine
had contained a narcotic, which every one knows it does
not There was an immediate feeling of ease, rest and
quiet, extending in a few minutes over the entire systems,
and sleep came as naturally as to a child
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JL J; H ShKSrM ■ arm mm M ■•
SEGK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
liittlo Pills,
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
j Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pit!. Small Dose*
Small Price.
Low-Price
baking powders are not only
unwholesome, but extrava-
. gant. . :. .
They don't -go nearly so ;
far as Sr hilling Best. ct
STATEMENT
—OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE
MAGDEBURG FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG. GERMANY, ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. IS9T, and for
the year ending on that Hay, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political. Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up in
cash $750,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $415,363 75
Loans on bonds and mortgages 1,155,675 31
Cash market value of. all stocks and
bonds owned by company 2,242,546 73
Amount of loans secured by pledge • •■>;•.
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 150,000 00
Cash in company's office 23.136 32
Cash in banks 293,134 09
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 10,726 07
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion • 316,377 60
Due from other companies for re- .
insurance «1,994 42
Total a55et5................ »5,098,354 29
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid.-. 1;
Losses In process of adjustment or I
In suspense ■.. ' > $538,316 07
Losses resisted. including: ex- j
penses -• J
■ Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less;- reinsurance ■ -- '-'•'. -i
DO percent *;~...5.-.'»..-.r^.-'.'.. ;....*.-.. 1,550,173 12
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year; rein-
surance pro rata.. '■ 250,803 54
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 1,125 00
All other demands against the com-
pany '. 219,531
Total '.labilities $2,559,949 69
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $3,560,675 38
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages :............. 46,261 22
Received for interest arid dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 96.668 88 i
Received for rents ;..: . 20,368 77
Received from all other sources 31.347 14 !
Total Income $3,755,321 j
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (in-
cluding $516,881 67, losses of pre-
. vious years) $2,276,907 22
Dividends to stockholders 375,000 00
Paid ■or allowed for commission or ■ ■ . .:
brokerage 706,11144
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc : 235,128 46 !
Paid for State, • national and local •
taxes .- - 61.869 13 j
All other payments' and expendi-
tures 168.560 19 !
Total expenditures $3,823,576 44
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $2,276,907 22 !
EMIL F. MIETHKE. Vice-President.
. RUDOLF RERNDT. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 24»h
day of March, IS9B.
HENRY N. DEIDERICH,
. United States Consul at Magdeburg.
GUTTE & FRANK,
Managers Pacific Coast Department,
303 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
United States Branch.
j STATEMENT
. —OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— THE ;
PRUSSIAN NATIONAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
AF ' STETTIN.' ' PRUSSIA, ON THE MOT
O day of December. A. D. 1897. and tot
the year ending on that day. as made to th«
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Call-
fornia pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as blank furnished .by the . Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company...... 1800 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 680.682 53
Cash In company's office is 667 's
Cash in banks • ■•: lo ' 6 " 9S
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans ;*"V."V.V,C ten i,
Premiums in due course of collection 94,872 M
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks ■•• m ">
Due from other companies for rein-
eurance on losses already paid *•*•" '*
Total assets |782.«8 M
LIABILITIES. _
Losses adjusted and unpaid fT.,977 TO
Losses In process of adjustment or
in suspense • '?:„ JJ
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 8,466 00
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $326,603 37. , „
reinsurance 50 per cent "*■"•"
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year. $321,373 OS; .
reinsurance pro rata v- iw.e*> w
Gross premiums on : marine ttm9
risks, reinsurance 50 per cent... .. 3,337 77
All other demands against the com- .
pany • 84.Z97 is
Total liabilities $415,817 57
INCOME. .
Net cash actually received for tin _
premiums •• $423,198 4*
Net cash actually received for ma- . _
rine premiums ••• •••• • '■ wl "
Received for Interest and. dividends
on bonds, .stocks, loans and from ■■: .
all other sources «,osz 60
Received for rents ..;........ 50 £>
Received from all other sources 357 50 .
Total Income $456,515 66
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses ' 2 }*>?^ °*
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 10,064 2%
Paid ' or allowed for commission or
• brokerage 90,409 2*
Paid for salaries, fees and other
I charges for officers, clerks, etc 83,521 9o
Paid for State, national and local ■
taxes , 12.042 61
All other payments and expenditures ' 81.832 24
Total expenditures $413,776 Jl
Losses incurred during the year $226,214 «3
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of rl«ks ■■■'■ ,_■ .. „,
written during the year $43,400,435 $548,861 15
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 38,204,945 484,157 12
Net amount in force De- .
cember 31, 1897 52,124,012 648,007 45
i Marine
Risks and Premiums. [ Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year $1,152,063 $11,199 90
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year,. 1.153.997 11,597 12
Net amount In force De-
cember 31, 1897. 67.650 3.307 77
THEODORE W. LETTON, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 224
day of January, 1898. SIMEON W. KING. •
Commissioner for California In Chicago.
W. LOAIZA~& COMPANY,
Managers,
216 SANSOmB STREET,
•,JV SAN FRANCISCO.
Telephone 1597.
J. A. PRINSEN. Special Agent.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-^OPTHE—
NIAGARA FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY .!
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF*.
New York, on the ''31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1597. and for the year ending on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
j the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of th«
i Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
i nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
i Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash $500.000 00
ASSETS. . * < %.". ■•;
Real estate owned by company $1,000,000 09
Loans on bonds and mortgages 302,700 00
Cash market value of all stocks and '
bonds owned by company 1,074.955 00
Cash in company's : office and in •■ -
banks 120,265 83
Interest due and accrued on all
j stocks and loans :................ 4,202 31
j Interest due and accrued on bonds
I and mortgages 3.284 16
' Premiums in due course of collection 254,382 33
' Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks ..:.... 333 34
I Rents due and accrued 4,204 98
i Due from other companies for rein- .
surance on losses already paid..... 3,394 45
Total assets $2,767,722 45
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid, losses In
process of adjustment or in sus-
pense, losses resisted, including ex-
penses $133.063 67
Gross premiums on fire risks run- ■■■
I ning one year or less, $1,125,785 47;
reinsurance 60 per cent 662.892 74
! Gross ■. premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,375,-
435 31: reinsurance pro rata 734,78171
All other demands against the com-
pany 123,269 28
Total liabilities $1,553.956 43
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire '„ '"■
premiums .$1,623,595 00
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages •■ 7.097 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from.
all other sources »-"JJI H
Received for rents 2..Z2S °°
Total Income $1,702.462 58
EXPENDITURES.
>'et amount paid for fire 1055e5...... $739.324 31
Net amount raid for marine losses.. 1,287 20
Dividends to 5t0ckh01der5.............. .60.262 50
Paid or allowed for commission or _
brokerage ■...: ••• U"'A»W»i 306 ' 768 13
Paid for salaries fees and. other-. "■
P charges for officer.. clerk«^ c - { 155.42T «
Paid for State, national and local
AU a other" 'payments and' expenditures 130! 704 81
Total expenditures $1,427.368 64
Losses incurred during the year. $726,535 67
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
N writt'e? O c"u n rin ' > f hp r year $212,275,868 $2,133,295 a .
v»t amount of risks ex- . : •*
plred during the year.. , 204,272.901 2,031.882 4s;
•K?Lt mount In force De-
cembe? 31. 1897. 269,276.475 2.501.820 78
~~ GBO. C. HOWE, Vice-President.
GEO. "W. DEWEY, Secretary, i -". ,
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of January. 1898. . . .
G * THOS.'MOON, Notary Public. .
W. LOAIZA~& COMPANY,
State Agents,
216 SANSOME STREET,
SAN : FRANCISCO, CAL.
Telephone Main 1597.
FRANK N. RUST, Special Agent
»«^flSgt^SfcA.i m Bix « is a non-po!«onotn
<r^mt**"^^BiM remedy for Gonorrhoea,
JUmlP 1 Cl'HEfc^i Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
tGSftfr in 1 tosd»j«.^i Whites, unnatural dii-
AKf Oainiaufd M charged, or «ny inflamma-
■«•■ not to stricture. ~" tlon, irritation or ulcer»-
i™ TjrrtTepu contagion. tion of mucous mem-
f t »|T HeEv»N3 CheMICILCo. br » n «- Non-Mtringent.
VHICINC!NNATI,O.^HH * o!d b - T l>rtu»l«tt,
wß^ v.a.x 33bJ or sent in Plain wrapper,
/WKs. MFml by express, . prrpaid, for
""'il^Mfeßß^^M 1. 1 - 00 or 3 ''Ottles. $2.7>.
* ■ Circular pint on r»%UMti
X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNKY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015,'Claus Sprockets Bids.
■- ■ i ':.■ Telephone Brown 931. ,'-; !•■
■ Residence. 851 California . at., below PotrtU*
San Francisco.NOT SATISFIED
WITH THE EARTH
Southern Pacific Grabs
the Ocean.
MIS BRAZEN SCHEME BALKED
SUMMERLAND OIL MEN STAND
■j-'-'.y.. FOR THEIR BIGHTS.
Fiercely Itesist One of the Boldest
: 'Attempts at Robbery Ever
■V . Made by the Railroad
. . ; Company.
Sprcial Dispatch to The Call.
PAXTA HARBARA, Aug. 17.—Sum
mei'land, seven miles east of Santa Bar
bara, contains about 700 inhabitants,
. all of whom are interested or working
in the oil industry. There are 350
■wells, in an area of less than 150 acres.
The first wells which were bored were
north of the town proper and on the
side of a hill. These wells at first pro
duced from five to eight barrels a day
each, but now they will only average
one or one and a half a day.
Experience has shown that the far
ther west and south one went the more
oil would be found, and so well-boring
began to be done over the precipitous
bluff and on the sand near the beach.
All. the. wells along here have been pro
ducing an average of eight barrels a
diy. This fact has caused the present
trouble between all the well owners and
.the Southern Pacific Company, repre
sented by J. B. Treadwell. During the
Ja.st few months about fifty wells have
been bored on the beach at the front
:of \he bluff and some little distance
\ -f rohi high water mark.
The beach front of Summerland is a
■■■TOite and a half in length. This strip
;. : ts divided among about a dozen own
..«rs, who base their claim to the prop
. erty on a lease which they have ob
tained from the owners of the land on
. ;tiie bluff above.
.: . .Thomas D. Wood is the owner of the
::.east end of the strip, with a beach
frontage of 2600 feet. To the west of
;. frirn.ltes a strip 150 feet in length, which
' T^eadwell claims, but to prove this he
has- nothing to show. To the west of
■;f.his' strip for three-fourths of a mile
thejre.are several owners — Ed Stevens,
;Oh#rles Newman, J. C. Fillis ana others
; :>-?w-h.6 have about thirty wells in all.
Th6n comes Treadwell's wharf and the
: /sce;ne- of the trouble.
■■:: lt ; was Treadwell's intention to build
: ; a..°.stM>Pt wharf on the strip of 150 feet
•'. wK|ch he claimed, next to that owned
>by.:T. D. Wood, and to connect this
'.. '.wharf -with the one already begun 1500
.fee.t.' farther to the west He had
'"•.pJ&nnecT for the construction of about
;-20Q .%JeHsTun along the surf below low
;. waiter ' mark. This is just where the
.great' reservoir of oil is known to be
■ located, • and had his plans material
> ized he would have been able to tap
; the.b ottom of the reservoir and thus*
"drain, all the wells to the north of hirA
"■.■a\<\i\g the beach and on the bluff.
■. •■:. : .T' < '- Trea3welJ made a
'•' gra'&e.-- down this bluff on the 150-foot
claimed by him, and had just be
'■ 'gii%•'■'building : the wharf, when the
,■ teach "owners, led by T. D. Wood and
..A-.-. H.ripe Doeg, got a large force of men
'•-together and worked all night. Next
there was a double line of
■pile's alijng the beach from Treadvvells
i 50 r : foot strip to his wharf, 1500 feet to
.'this.' West This completely shut his
■■■men- .out, so that they could not pro
f ceetl. further with his work.
i This done. Treadwell began his ope
;■■ "rations on the other side of the wharf,
■.But' he had not proceeded more than
:;260 .-feet, when the piles were cut down
: betwffn the wharf and the pile driver
r.at th.-' end r >f this row of piles. Now
■ th*- pile driver stands In the surf a hun
' dfpd feet below low water mark, sup- i
..ported by the few piles under it, but !
with no connection whatever with the
■ rest rtf the wharf.
.. The present plan of the beach owners
: '!s to erect platforms on the line of piles
. built by the well owners and put wells
.; in every thirty feet. Ground to the ;
'.vhbl of Tread well's wharf for 500 feet
: is. being worked by William M. S.
■ ■.Mqore who has about thirty wells. He
-.has- invested already $16,000, and he is
: : th'e •' nvost active owner against the
Southern Pacific Company. Still far- !
; 'liver- to the west lies the claim of W.
• \\V.. Rurt'.n and H. T. Williams. They
"have- a wharf extended several hun- '
. :dFed ■ f eet beyond the surf and are!
' .working eighteen or twenty wells. The j
.-wharf is merely to be used as a plat- i
: .fo.frn for their wells. They own the
:. lanij. directly behind them, so there I
'■have been no complaints thus far for 1
-•'extending this wharf and boring wells
. Vih :t'he' sea.
: . Above the bluff In Summerland
•': proper, there are about 350 wells, yield-
Mn-fc.an average of three and a half bar
.; r-els -a day. Among the large owners
• are'' J. C. Wilson, Edward Stevens, C.
■ A." Loomis, S. W, Knapp. William
Outhoiit Jr. and H. E. Packard, all of
i Santa Barbara, and J. J. Cook, a capi
talist, from San Francisco.
• . The plan in vogue here for pumping
. .Is by the pumping jack, which is used
; for pumping about forty wells, and is
. run by seventeen to twenty horsepower
engines. The owners of these pump
■ ing jacks charge from $12 to $15 a
. nronth to pump a well. The average
..production of oil is about TOO barrels
a day and this brings about 90 cents a
barrel. Almost seventy-five carloads
.of. oil are shipped every mbnth from
this place, and of this it Is estimated
■' ' that the Southern Pacific Company gets
■■thirty-five carloads. They are using
oil on their engines on this division
entirely. The Hxward Beet Sugar
factory In Ventura County is using
■•356 d barrels of oil a month.
The pri'c varies according to its den
sity. The oil which is being pumped
. .from the wells first bored and to the
north of the others is much denser than
the others. The farther south the well
■ the lighter is the oil by the Beaume
tV'St. showing about 16 degrees; the cen
ter of the field wells show 11 to 12 de
■ grp.es.
The average depth of the well is 225
' feet, varying from 100 feet to 500 feet.
The farther out to sea tht> deeper the
.well. At the present time 400 men are
' employed on the field, but if the South
ern Pacific Company is defeated in the
,-ittempt to rob the rightful owners the
force will be doubled. Several hun
*r<=-d more wells will be sunk Immedi
ately on receipt of the news of the
•Houthrn Pacific Company's defeat.
Already there are over $300,000 in
vested by the different owners, who are
making preparations for a long wharf
. i-n .order to place the oil directly on
board vessels for shipment.
This is thp reason Treadwell gave for
wtphing to obtain a franchise for a
'.wharf from the Supervisors of this
.]■ county, but it afterward developed to
bo only a blind.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
bush. Larkln sts. : swimming- Russian, hot and
. cold tub baths; salt water direct from ocean.
DELAWARR MUST
PAY THE COSTS
Acquittal Practically a
Conviction.
THE EARL HELD BLAMABLE
WRONGFULLY SOUGHT TO IN
FLUENCE HOOLEY.
Not Wholly Absolved by the Court in
Connection Wilii the Ac
cusations of
Bribery.
Special Dispatch to The CaH.
LONDON, Aug. 17.— 1n the Queen's
Bench Division of the High Court of
Justice to-day Justice Wright acquit
ted Earl Delav.arr and Mr. Bradshaw
of the charge of contempt of court in
their alleged attempt to induce Ernest
Terah Hooley, the bankrupt company
promoter, to falsify his evidence in the
Bankruptcy Court. The learned Judge
said, however that both were blam
able and he mulcted them in costs.
Justice Wright said thxt while he
must absolve Earl Delawarr of the
charge of bribery, he must hold that
the Earl had wrongfully tried to induce
Mr. Hooley to correct some statements
made by him in the bankruptcy pro
ceedings and had wrongfully promised
to help Mrs. Hooley.
Mr. Bradshaw's evidence as to Earl
Delawarr's proposal to help Mrs. Hoo
ley was remarkable, although Mr.
Bradshaw had no cause to testify
falsely. It must be remembered, the
Judge continued, that the Earl had an
overwhelming motive for obtaining Mr.
Hooley's retraction.
He could not believe that it was out
of mere charity that Earl Delawarr
| had promised Mrs. Hooley £1000. On
| the contrary, he was forced to the con
clusion that the promise was connected
with the Earl's strong and natural de
sire to clear himself from Hooley's ac
cusations. Nevertheless, he acquitted
Delawarr of the imputation of in
ducing Mr. Hooley to testify falsely.
With regard to the alleged bribery,
he could not wholly absolve Earl Dela
warr. With regard to the money the
| Earl received, possibly the latter be
, lieved it was given him for services
j rendered or as a gift from Hooley. The
I Judge said he supposed that was gen
erally the way names were paid for,
but as these proceedings were only in
tended to vindicate justice, it would be
a sufficient punishment for Earl Dela
warr's indiscretion if the court ordered
him to pay costs.
With reference to Mr. Bradshaw's
case. Justice Wright considered him.
i he said, much more guilty in asking
! Mr. Hooley falsely to say that he made
a retraction without communicating
with the Earl Delawarr. Bradshaw
was guilty of subornation of perjury,
and while he (the Judge) was in doubt
whether he ought not to deal very dif
ferently with Mr. Bradshaw, he had
concluded to make the same order in
his case as in that of Earl Delawarr.
FREEMAN HALSTED STEPS
FROM A SPANISH PRISON
Call-Herald Correspondent Free at
Last, After Having Been
Sentenced to Death.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gor
don Bennett.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, Aug. 17.— 1 was
released from prison this morning. I am
allowed full liberty. Captain General
Macias was chiefly instrumental in ob
taining my freedom, and Mr. Cordea, the
British Consul here, was unceasing in his
efforts in my behaj^^ HALSTED .
NEW YORK. Aug. 17.— Freeman Hal-
Kted was arrested in San Juan on March
25 last, charged with having taken photo
graphs of the fortifications there. He
was sentenced to nine years' imprison- !
ment. When the American fleet bom- j
barded San Juan on May 12, the Spanish I
authorities became so angry that Mr. :
Halsted and other political prisoners were i
sentenced to death. While being led from !
prison Halsted made a desperate resist
ance and his arm was injured. Using that i
accident as a pretext, the Spaniards j
spread the report that Halsted had been
hurt by the fire of the American fleet,
hoping thereby to avoid another bom
bardment.
Halsted 1b a British subject, and
through the efforts of the British Consul
the plan of taking the correspondent's j
life was abandoned and he was accorded [
special privileges in the presidio, where he
was confined.
BRING $ 100,000 IN DUST.
Three Small Steamers Reach Seattle
From Alaska.
SEATTLE. Aug. 17.— Three small steam
ers arrived here to-day from Alaska with
LEO passengers, and their stories of the
lights and shades of the Alaska c >ld
prospector's wife. About a third of them
only were included in the list of fortunate
ones. Their combined sacks of gold dust
are estimated at $100,000.
Advices from Pine Creek, near Lake
Tagish, where a rich strike was reported
a few days ago, say. that the. diggings are
not bo rich, as reported. The stampede,
however, continues, men even going from
Cooks Inlet and Copper. River. *■•' • ' '.-'.
At St. Michael boats are landing freight
and passengers, and the congestion has
materially been relieved.- Provisions are
reported scarce and command high prices.
The steamer Hair arrived at Dawson
July 25 from St. Michael with a large
number of passengers and a cargo of
fresh supplies. '
Supposed Incendiary Fire at Chico.
CHTO&, Aug. 17.— At 2:30 this afternoon
a fire broke out in the eastern part of
to-fc-n, which burned two dwelling houses
belonging to Mrs. Bunselmeyer, and the
residence of Mrs. Korn, together with
outbuildings, burns ami fences in the rear
of th" reeHfencee of William East, S. J.
Nikirk and Mrs. C. B. Mutler. The fire
started in a barn belonging to the Bun
selmeyer estate, and is supposed to have
been incendiary. The total loss is esti
mated at .ri2,000;. r i2,000; small Insurance.
Chile Selling Gold by Auction.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1808. by James Gor
don Bennett.
VALPARAISO DE CHILK, Aug. 17.—
The Government now sells gold weekly
by auction. The first sale took place yes
terday at Valparaiso, when $300,000 was
sold. The highest price was 47 per cent
premium.
To Expel Religious Communities.
Special Cable to The ("all nnd the NVw York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MADRID, Aug. 17.— The Philippine
colony in Madrid has petitioned for
authorization W the Government for
the expulsion of religious communities
from the Philippines as a sine quo non.
Estate of Rosalia Morris.
Edward Morris has applied for letters
of administration upon the estate of his
deceased mother, Rosalia Morris. The
estatS? consists of real and personal prop
erty valued at $7000 The only heirs to
the estate so far as known are the peti
tioner. Edward Morris, and his sister,
Tina Breslauer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 18, 1898.
FOREST FIRES
DEFY CONTROL
San Mateo's Mountains
Still Ablaze.
SCOHES OF MEN BACKFIRING
WIND MAKES THEIR EFFORTS
ABORTIVE.
Thousands of Acres Denuded, Several
Shingie Mills Consumed and
Travel Stopped by the
Extreme Heat.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, Aug. 16.— Forest fires
have been raging in the mountains above
Woodside since Friday last and are still
beyond control, although a force of sev
enty-five men have been kept continually
at work trying to check the flames. Yes
terday the men had them almost controll
ed, but a heavy wind set in and scattered
burning timbers in all directions for
hundreds of feet.
The fire started at what is known as
Borden & Hatch's mill, on the head of
Purissima Creek, and worked up to the
top of the mountain. It then took a
southerly course and has been making
headway ever since, until now an area
covering thousands of acres has been
swept clean, destroying thousands of
cords of wood.
Yesterday the fire reached a shingle
pile belonging to C. D. Hayward, con
taining about 400,000 shingles, which was
entirely consumed. Another mill belong
ing to the same man and containing
about 150,000 is now threatened and will
probably be burned.
Travel on the roads has been stopped,
owing to the great heat. On account of
the heavy winds and the great number
of pirie trees on fire it will be a difficult
matter to manage the fire. It is now
burning on the ridge back of the Jones
ranch, and efforts are being made to
keep it from coming down this side of
the mountain, for this ranch is covered
with brush and bark, it not having
been burned for two years past. If it
gets started on the dry brush there will
be no stopping it until it has done proba
bly thousands of dollars' worth of dam-
age-
Men are backfiring in the ' hope of
checking the flames, but as yet their
efforts have proved futile.
It is hoped that the heavy fogs which
are prevailing north of the fire will
reach the burning territory, and this at
present seems to be the only salvation.
UKIAH'S TASTE OF HADES.
Surrounded by Mountain Fires and
the Thermometer at 114.
I'KIAH, Aug. 17. — For a week past the
j mountains to the westward of this city
have been on nre, making at night a
grand, beautiful and picturesque scene.
i But while the artistic sense has been
■ gratified, a high price has been paid, on
• account of the loss of timber and the dan
; ger to residents at the foot of the raoun-
I tains.
Friday night the fire swept with resist
1 less energy down what Is known as*Gibson
: Creek Canyon, destroying everything in
; its path and threatening the extinction of
; the San Francisco and North Pacific fish
j hatchery from which, owing to the enter
' prise of President A. W. Foster, so many
streams have been stocked.
As the fire burned down the ridge to
ward Doolan's Canyon the sky was con
stantly lighted up with a crimson tint.
At times the roaring could be plainly
heard in town, a distance of one and a
half miles. Fires are also burning in the
hills to the eastward.
These mountain conflagrations have
made the air of the valley thick and
murky with smoke, while the mercury
has climbed higher than for years. For
three days it stood at 112 degrees, and
one day at 114. A few days ago Eli Wens,
a well-known resident, was sunstruck,
and at one time his condition was re
! garded as serious. This is an occurrence
almost unprecedented in the history of
! the valley.
SURRENDERED AFTER
PEACE WAS DECLARED
Capture of Manila, However, Was
Not Contrary to the Rules
of War.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.— According
to Admiral Dewey's dispatch the sur
render of Manila occurred about 5 p. m.
last Saturday. The peace protocol was
signed at 4:23 p. m. on Friday. It is
said that the difference in time between
Manila and Washington is such that
the surrender, reckoned on Washing
ton time, would be about twelve hours
ahead of the time at Manila, or abcrut 5
o'clock Saturday morning. In point of
actual time, therefore, the signing of
the peace protocol preceded the actual
surrender of Manila by a few hours.
But it is a well-established rule of mili
tary law, accepted the world over, that
a peace armistice or cessation of hostili
ties doea not become binding upon com
manding officers until they receive ac
tual notice of it.
Under this rule Admiral Dev/ey and
General Merrltt would be bound by the
armistice only from the time the notice
at it reached them at Manila, This
could not have occurred on Saturday
prior to the bombardment, as the cable
was not working and no dispatch-boat
could have gotten through with the no
tice before Monday or Tuesday. In
short, it is agreed in all official quar
ters that the forcible taking of Manila
was entirely regular, and that the city
and bay is now held on the basis of
this military enforced taking rather
than on the basis of the mutual ar
rangement between the two countries.
This may become material Avhen the
question arises as to the future of the
Philippines, for the discussion is likely
to proceed from the American stand
point that Manila was taken by force
of arms and- is so occupied.
CHAMPION MIDDLE-WEIGHTS.
Olympic Club Seeking to Match Mc-
Coy and Tommy Ryan.
William Kennedy, superintendent of the
Olympic Club, wired to Kid McCoy and
Tommy Ryan yesterday, offering to
match them before the Olympic Club of
this city any time in September for the
middleweight championship of the world.
Kennedy also offers 60 per cent of the
cross gate receipts. •■.
Since the match between McCoy and
Corbett is considered off McCoy will l,e
left without a match on hia hands. Ryan
Is very anxious to meet McCoy again, but
it Is thought that McCoy is not quite so
strong in his desire to face Tommy Ryan
In the ring. The last time they fought
the battle was stopped in the fifth round
by the police when everything pointed in
Ryan's favor.
Storage Company Incorporates.
The Pierce & Taylor storage Company
incorporated yesterday with a capital
stock of $10 000. The directors are James
M Pierce Margaret C. Pierce and E. H.
Pierce of Berkeley and Charles L. Taylor
and Charles L. Taylor Jr. of- this city.
Deserted by Her Husband.
Mrs. Marie M. Wagner nas applied ror
a divorce from Ferdinand Wagner. Mrs.
Wagner alleges that her husoand desert
ed her over a year ago and she asks for a
divorce on that ground.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, wtth
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
FOR COWARDICE
IN A SKIRMISH
Court- Martial Awaits an
Ohio Captain.
LOST HIS HEAD UNDER FIRE
RATTLED HIS MEN BY ORDER
ING A RETREAT.
After the Panic He Is Said to Have
Been Found Hiding in a
Culvert Under the
Roadway.
Bpeclal Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
ARROYO. Porto Rico, Aug. 12 (by
Call-Herald dispatch-boat Sommers N.
Smith to Key West, Fla., Aug. 17).—
Captain Biddle of Company C, Fourth
Ohio Volunteers, is still here under ar
rest, awaiting court-martial for alleged
cowardice in a skirmish with the Span
ish a few miles out of Arroyo. Captain
Biddle's company beat an inglorious re
treat when they were on the skirmish
line and were attacked unexpectedly
by sharpshooters. The unexpectedness
erf the attack probably had much to do
with Captain Biddle losing his head and
the panic into which he threw his com
pany. As his men deployed as skir
mishers and were advancing the men
called back and forth and chaffed one
another on what they called their 'Tab
bit hunt." Suddenly there was a whiz,
a snapping of leaves, a splintering of
bark and little eruptions of dirt at the
boys" feet.
"Hello, rabbit! The rabbit is no
longer on the run!" exclaimed one ot
the soldiers. • ,
Biddle's men were slipping behind
trees and bushes and preparing to make
a stand, when some one gave the com
mand to retreat.
"Run, boys, they are a thousand to
one," came the command, as the men
were preparing to make a brave re
sistance against their as yet invisible
foe. It is alleged that Captain Biddle
gave that command. Had this panicky
alarm not been given, and had nut the
men seen their commanding officer run
ning with his back to the fire, they
would have stood their ground and
fought just as bravely as they did when
they received their baptism of fire at
Guayama.
Captain Biddle, it is alleged, was
found hiding in a culvert under the
roadway.
CRUSHED BY A TRUCK.
Josephine Lindsey, Eight Years Old,
Run Over and Killed.
Josephine Lindsey, 8 years old, was run
over by a truck and instantly killed on
Folsom street, between Fifth and Sixth,
Tuesday evening. The driver of the truck,
Thomas J. Lyman, knew nothing of the
accident until after it occurred. Marcus
Ososki, a butcher at 905 Folsom street,
was a witness of the tragedy, and says
that the girl was playing on the truck.
Jumping off and on while it was in mo
tion. She lost her balance and fell be
tween the wheels.
Lyman was arrested and booked for
manslaughter at the Central Station by
Officer Minehan, but was released on his
own recognizance. The body of the child
was taken to the Morgue. Her father,
Alex Lindsey, is a truck driver, and lives
at 414% Clementina street.
Lost His Life Saving Others.
A country boy visiting New York stopped a
frantic runaway team that was about to dash
on the sidewalk where there were hundreds of
women and children. He saved their lives, but
lost his own. Hundreds of lives are saved every
year by Hoatetter's Stomach Bitters. People
who are fast going to their graves with disor
ders of stomach, liver, bowels and blood are
brought back to good health by It. All the
sick should try it.
STATEMENT
OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
1 • OF THE
TRANSATLANTIC FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG, GERMANY. ON THE 3UST
day of December, A. 1). 1897, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Call-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per (blank furnished by the Commissioner..
' CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up in
cash ". •••' $300,00000
ASSETS. ;
Real estate owned by company. „... $87,500 00
Cash market value of all stocks and : .
bonds owned by company 1,030,586 35
Cash in company's office 448 33
Cash in banks •«.■•• 233,154 20
Interest due and accrued on all _ j
stocks and loans , - 2,57126 '
Premiums ind ue course of collection 372,817 94
Due from other .companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid..... 4,30181
Total assets ............. ......'.....51,731,379 83
. ' , . LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid, losses
In process of adjustment or in sus-
pense, losses resisted, including ex-
penses ........ $131,26? 60
Gross premiums on fire risks run- .-. . -> ■■■
ning one year or less, $602,272 61;
reinsurance 50 per. cent 301.136 31
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
i ning more than one year, $163,438 02;
reinsurance pro rata ... 95,857 «7
Gross premiums on burglary risks... 28,750 00
All other demands against the com-
pany...... • ...■■.■■■ 477,237 39
Total liabilities . v . $1,034,289 87
ijj INCOME. • i
Net cash actually received for fire • v :
premiums ............:..;.T  $638,567 87
Net cash actually received for bur- ' j
glary premiums .. ,,'..'. '.,.*..'• \. 35,235 44
Received for interest, and* dividends
on bonds, stocks, • loans and from , ■
all other 50urce5..":.. .'..•..'.:..'.... 41,685 80
Received for rents..... 6,225 00.
Received from all other sources...... _ 2,543 68!
Total income/;.',.. 7 ...............'... $783,257 79
, ■-,: EXPENDITURES. ■"- *"/.
Net amount .paid for fire losses $396,163 62
Net amount paid for burglary losses. .-.3,854 28
Dividends to. 5t0ckh01der5.'.....;.:. :..:-.• 45,000 00
Paid or allowed for corfmlsslon . or "■'. : <■>
brokerage 1\;. . ,...:..'.;. ... , ■ •"....'. •;..•: 111,449 59
Paid, for salaries, fees: and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 52.37154
Paid for State, national and local >-: .
taxes .7:.;. .-..::...:.'.. .....\i. ..'..'...:"..■■-■: 8,083 89
All other payments and expenditures ,80,974 18
Total expenditures \\... .....'.. $697,899 10
. . * " ■* - ■**.:■- '* . ,-.. ; Fire. :
Losses Incurred during the, year...... $461,992 38
-Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. Premiums. ;
Net amount of risks ■.'■"--' \ J .
■: written during the year $397,631,431 $1,606,942 87
Net amount' of risks, ex- ■-' • ■
pired during the year.. 222,348,463 574,307 89
Net amount in force -De-
cember 31, 1897.. ......■■ 248,235,467 765,710 63
1 /, .- < J. BLUMBERGER, President.
Subscribed and sworn to before me < this Bth
day of April, 1638. ' HUGH S. PITCAIRN, •
.United States Consul. . ■
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT;
: 213 Sansome Street, San Francisco.
V. CARUS DRIFFIELD, Manager.
H. DANKER, Asst. Manager. . . ,
six . , - ADVERTISEMENTS. .
■ - - . . ■; • i • ... - ■ , ■■ .; ■■ _ _ _ *
© Everybody surrenders to Battle Ax. II
jfo There is no greater hardship than to be de- m
Q prived of your ©
and any one who has once chewed Battle Ax &
@ will give up most any thing to get it. JOc. buys . ©
if a larger piece of Battle Ax than of any other f ©
© kind of high grade quality. %£
p Oemember the name _ §
1 ■^ when you buy again. I
o ... ®
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE . / . . ,
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1897, and for the year ending on
that day, aa made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California,, pursuant to
the provisions -of sections 610 ' and 611 of ' the
Political Code, condensed as per blank • fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash »»00.000 00
ASSETS. '
Real estate owned by company....... $305,850 40
Loans on bonds .and mortgages....... 1,1(8.505 93
Cash market value of all stocks and - ■■
bonds owned by company 822,415 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge of ••
bonds, stocks and other marketable .w -
securities as collateral..... . 99.300 00
Cash -in, company's office '»,603 04
Cash In banks ; 84.&00 02
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans :... '.- • 642 11
Interest due and accrued on bonds • . _
and mortgages 29,444 An
Premiums in due course of collection 122,152 95
Ground rents, well secured ...;... 21,320 00
Rents due.and accrued 1.«6 a 2
Total assets $2,675,520 22
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid : $17,407 05
Losses in process of adjustment or -^ _
in suspense . 90.014 jo
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 12,720 19
Gross premiums on fire rißks run- Vst"
" ning one year or less, $1,012.54141;.
reinsurance 50 per cent 606,270 70
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $830,089 84; l_
reinsurance pro rata........... 420,916 57
Amount reclaimable by the insured .
on perpetual fire insurance policies. 567,566 79
Commissions and brokerage due and _
to become due.. -18,322 93
Total liabilities .....:....... ;...... $1,633,218 59
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire _ _
premiums •■•••• .$1,281,610 65
Received for interest on bonds and „.„ '
• mortgages •• • •'•• •}• • ■_• •••• • 63 ' 658 10
Received for Interest and dividends
■ on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 40,965 69
Received for rents . 16,o!)3 SI
Received from all other sources ...... 10,07186
Total income ..' .......'.....51,412.900 11
.EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding $122,102 96, losses of previous
years) • • - $696,702 79
Dividends to stockholders 40,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or __ _
brokerage . .'. •• •-■ ■ • ••• •■•-•• • • : 267,558 77
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 108,300 00
Paid for State, national and local •
taxes ' 31.430 67
All other payments and expenditures 152, 10
Total expenditures ....; .:....51 ,296,875 23
' • Fire. ••
Losses Incurred during. the year...... $694,74143
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year $138,399,924 $1,642,827 48
Net amount of risks ex- •$ ►»
pired during the year.. 122,091,374 1,569,459 08
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1897 ....... 159,015.967 1,832.631-25
THOS. H. MONTGOMERY, President. •
RICHD. MARIS, Secretary. , .
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th
day of "January, 1898. .' v
: . • H. F. REARDEN, Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
General Agents,
407-409 MONTGOMERY STREET
'.. SAN FRANCISCO. rW • ;{.
DOO 6(5 0 666 OO OOOQ OO 0
%™ PALACE wg
ZGHANDmmM*
X BAH FMAiTCfSOO. q
** Connected by a covered passageway. ■ < jf '■
O MOO Rooms— 900 With Bath Attaohed. *■*
O All Under On* Management. O
© ' MOTE THE PRICES: , . O !
_ European Plan. Al .oo per day and upward A
V American Plan $3.00 per day and upward
Q . : , : - Correspondence Solicited. ■ A
SJGEN 0. KISKPIVBIOS, Mtssfti. ; - Q
00000000000000000
K3IBDR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
_MB^n_B9 Five hundred reward for any case
BwMa ■■■ we cannot cure. This secret remedy
n .. m stops • all losses in 124 hours, cures
BEES; _B_| Emissions, Impoter.cy, Varicocele.
Rjf? RSTI Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Stricture*.
mam > U %M Loit • Manhood and all .wasting ef-
flgmj Eh_9 fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
XT* I !"" SS9f* sealed, $2 bottle: 3 bottles, $6; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 865 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. -■■* Ala*
for sale at 1073 '■„ Market St.. S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send tor {re* boo—
STATEMENT
OF THE '
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
,- "'■ ■-;.■' ——OF THE . .
SVEA FIRE and LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF GOTHENBURG. SWEDEN. ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1897, and for
| the year ending on that day, as made to the
1 Insurance • Commissioner of the State of , Call-
, fornia,' pursuant to the, provisions of section*
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash , 1533,333 33
. ■;'• ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company 757,426 8]
Loans on bonds and mortgages 2,362,264 73
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 2,851,226 31
Amount of loans secured by pledge of
bonds, stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral 982,452 63
Cash in bank 5........:.................. 36,06179
Interest due and accrued ■ on • all •.■
Mocks and loans 65,62126
Premiums in due course of collection 40.975 74
Rents due. and accrued ;•-.. 2,666 67 !
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid 203,94148
Due from the company's agents 186,845 67
Total assets 16,839,483 08
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense ..:. $104,000 00
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, reinsurance
50 per cent; gross premiums on fire
risks running more than one year,
reinsurance pro rata ■ 489.973 82
Liability under life department 4,455,074 92
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.... 11,389 87
All other demands against the com-
puny ~.. ••••■ 483.660 15
Total liabilities 15,544,098 78
INCOME.
Net cash actually . received for fire
premiums $1,303,619 67
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, : loans and from L ■ • ■ '
all other sources : 472,242 42
Received from all other sources...... 705,288 44
Total income $2,451.150 53
:■;: ;'; -/; EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for: fire losses ... $493,721 81
Paid or allowed for commission or '
brokerage ............................. 374,233 68
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 156,172 96
Paid for State, national and local !,>-.-->■,
taxes... 17.24182
Air other payments and expenditures 1,276.435 S3
Total expenditures ...■.......■.:.. .52,317.811 09
Risks and Premiums. iFire Risks. Premiums.
I Net amount of risks
I written during the year $368,628,116 $1,820,240 98
i Net amount of risks ex-
I pired during the year.. 192,523.439 774.141 81
Net amount in force De-
. cember 31, 1897 166,626,343 884,659 97
T. ED. LEVISSON. Vice-President.
• ERNST BRING, Secretary. ;
:. Subscribed and sworn to before me this Ist
day of April, IS9S. , '
GUDEN AKERMAKK, Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
General Agents,
407-409 MONTGOMERY STREET
' ./ SAN FRANCISCO.
; /^, Makers of
S§^ r fTTTIhJG
§pectacles*Eye Glasses
OPTiciANST H >'t,rr: us -
, UK 1 1 UAPO PhotOG^. S CIENT , pic
■; 642 Market St. Instruments^
■< uMDER cmromiCle BuiLDiwa. CATALOGUE rRCt* .
i _ .. — _ ;; — __ ■, ' . — '— — : .
MADE ME A MAN
1 • l /fl» AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURB
{ BtJ^^X -A.l.Z.lfeTvous IHscaaen— Faili ag Mem-
is/ «-» £] ory, potency, Sleeplessness, etc., caused
W JCI by Abuse or other Excesses and Indlr
"•.^ %gBBL " crotionß, They quickly and surely
- ■ 1 **v ■'- restore Lost Vitality In old or young, ana
' JtSiA*L. fit a man for study, business or marriage.
*A \ i WJ 1 Prnrnnt Insanity and Consumption if
token in time. f Their nse shows immediate Improve-
ment and effects a CUKE where all ether fail In-
siit upon having tho genuine AJax Tablets. They
have cared thousands and will cure you. Wa five a po»-
ltive writton guarantee to effect a cure Eft flf in
each cam or refund the . mosey. Prios WV W IWi par
packages or six pkges (fall treatment) for $2.50. By
mail. In plain wrapper, upon receipt of price. Circular
'» AJAX REMEDY CO V» dwd.™ 8«£
For MUe In San Francisco by Z*tpnlta * Co,
IK Butter. No-Pwccatac* Pharmacy. M» MM.
: ... ; ADVERTISEMENTS. T *> s
United States Branch:
STATEMENT
- — OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— -of THE
WESTERN
ASSURANCE COMPANY;
OF TORONTO, CANADA, ON the;3ist
day of December. A. D. 1897. and for th»
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of • the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code/, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS. '■ ' '
Loans on bonds and mortgages....:. $25,000 00
Cash market value of all stocks and _
bonds owned by company 1,160,52f> 88
Cash in company's office 128 95
Cash in banks..; 241,544 82
Premiums in due course of collection 253,631 41
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for flre and marine risks 34,600 07
Total assets ..' $1,720,432 14
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $29,576 83
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense ..'..... 138,33142
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 10,227 99
Gross premiums ■on flre risks run- ,
ning one year or less, $1,031,157 01; "'_,„■„
reinsurance 50 per cent 515,578 50
Gross premiums on. fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $660,769 66;
reinsurance pro rata .. '.....' 344,234 98
Gross premiums on marine and In-
land navigation risks; reinsurance
100 per cent. 51,490 75
Gross premiums on marine time
risks; reinsurance 50 per cent 9,296 23
Commissions and brokerage due and
to become due 34,49158
Total liabilities ■. $1,138,223 33
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire „„,, ...
premiums $1,437,300 01
Net cash actually received for ma- ■ ■ '
rine premiums ' 268,125 33
Received for Interest on bonds and
. mortgages ' 1,680 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 43,313 40
Total income $1,770,418 74
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses $748,737 60
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 224,166 20
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage .'. •• — •••• 349,350 60
Paid for salaries, fees and other \.-"'
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 41,500 00,
Paid for State, national and local • _' '
taxes * 46,302 00
AH other payments and expenditures 130,761 45
Total expenditures $1,540,820 75,
Fire. ■ Marine. >
g£rUg^g.ggt7«.ilO 99 - $226,013 8»
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. Premiums.
*%«*A*%yS£ $142,650,216 $1,693,879 59
3 :: 126.721,109 1.710,710 H
MXr^. Ts97 O :. Cc . D *: 141,514,736 Wgjg
~~~"~ Marine .;-■■.:
Risks and Premiums. Risks.. Premiums.
f^SrtSfffiSS $48,289,822 1 $352,307 80
N P lreTdu?ing Of the 8k yea ce r X : 49.927,256 386.128 10
N St \nB97°"\ n 897°"l De :L4 ,490__70 i
- — J J KENNY, Vice-President.
C. C. FOSTER, Secretary. ;«jf«.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of '»»«»£' AN. Notary Public.
DAVIS & WATSON,
General Agents,
221 SANSOMB STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. ... ..
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
• OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
BRITISH-AMERICA
INSURANCE COMPANY . ,
OF TORONTO, CANADA, ON THE SIST
day of December, A. D. 1897, and for the.
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the ; State of Cali-
fornia pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner. •
ASSETS. . • , -
Cash market value of all stocks and „.
bonds owned by company...... $995.803 00
Cash in bank 5.........- — ..- •• «- 852 69
Interest due and accrued on all , . - .
Premium!"" due" course" bf-coliecVion &vi 14
Bills receivable, not matured, taken ,^n
for fire and marine risks n,i<» 91
Total assets I. *'..-. A. ',. '. ... - $1,268,313 33
- . LIABILITIES. . ..
Losses, adjusted and unpaid ..:... $13,278 68
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense •inciuding "expnses: l 10,739 .43 ,
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 10.739 4a
Gross premiums on flre risks .run-
ning one year or less. $687, 00, ■•_•,„..
reinsurance 50 per cent. . . ... . ..... • 343,719 00
Gross premiums on fire risks run- .
ning more than one year, $440, 013 04, .. „ g
reinsurance pro rata ...... Z23.48J 93
Gross premiums on marine ana in-
land navigation risks; reinsurance -.'..<
100 per cent • ••■■• 4 ?" {l * 4S .
Gross premiums on marine time
risks; reinsurance 50 per cent....... 1.667 88
All other demands against the com- <2
Total liabilities $803.522 47
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre __
premiums ......•...:..:.-..•■•• $582,378 37
Net cash actually, received for ma- „
rine premiums \v •;:••■:• 1 53 - 691 «
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from _ -■'
all other sources 3«,oai v.
Total income .." $1,075.63143
-' EXPENDITURES. '. '• " .
Net amount paid for fire 1055e5:..'.... $486,904 37
Net amount paid for marine losses., 11a, 683 01
Paid or allowed for commission or _
brokerage.. •• i"Zlilll 194 -" 84 ■■
Paid for salaries, tecs and other .
charges for officers, clerks, etc 41,193 §8
Paid for State, national and local 732 X j
Another payments "and expenditures 72', 390 21
Total expenditures ..... i .. i: ........ $940,137 44.
Fire. Marine.
Losses Incurred during . „ $120,p U
the year $491,419 96 $120,320 11
Risks and Premiums. Flre Risks. Premiums. I
- Net amount of risks $35,100,144 $1,1 M,275 47
' written during the year $95,100,144 $1,154,275 47
Net amount of risks ex- : •',
pired during the year.. 82,046.685 1,122.149 87
Net amount in force De- :"."•' ■-•■•■ •
cember 31, 1897... ■■■.... 94.343,145 1.127.951
Marine ..v:--»\'*
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks '
- written during the year ; $205,690 35
Net amount of risks ex- -- "
pired during the year.. 24,460,012 196.954 9*
Net amount in force De- - . • ■
cember 31. 1897 2.111.053 41.882 34
J. J. KENNY. Vice-President.
P. H. SIMS, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of January, : 1898. k-*vk -*v «'• /
H. D. GAMBLE, Notary Public. .•
DAVIS & WATSON,
General Agents,
331 SANSOME STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. ... -. .■•.... ;
I W yji il U'wJffflllTTET J J sTfti
*B 1 fi^V _ ffli Mm|H I jt Ja B9[ '.
S A ni I B S?9 Eww3 Bin S3 9 Wi I ki^b ■
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
great Mexican remedy; give* health «b4
■trtactli to tb« mxoal organ* ... - „
1112
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged. y
Wheat dull and easy.
Barley slowly weakening.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay steady at previous prices.
Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Tomatoes lower.
No change ip Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
More Eastern Poultry sold.
Peaches and Pears doing better again.
Plums cheap and dull.
Grapes damaged by the recent heat.
Limes higher and scarce.
Dried Pears advanced again.
. Dried Peaches and Apricots firm.
. Prunes dull and nominal.
Provisions featureless.
Meat market unchanged.
A ROSY PROSPECT.
BULLISH VIEWS OF A BANK
ER ON THE SITUATION.
The circular of Henry Clews, under date of
New York. Au S are strong ""V alues on the :
Stock Exchange are strong and advancing.
Peace developments were an Important st im.i
fus to the upward movement: but cheap ■none>
and excellent business prospects hove been
much more potent influences and their effects
have been but partially realized. At : th« mo
ment there Is a great plethora of idle funds
•eeklng investment, and money Is phe nomena lly
easy in all parts of the country. *™-?™*™
■ vestments are on a 3% to 4 per ce.U basis
while second-class stocks and bonds are mMm(
at figure which bring the Investor 6 per cent
and less. Holders would like more Profitable
Investments, but they are not to be had. As
' enterprise revives new opportunities will be of
fered and rates for money must advance. Our
n-w possessions-Cuba. Porto Rico and possl
blv the Philippines-will afford some new out
lets but these may easily be overdone; for
out s^ik^ -s^rS
very limited outlet for the energies of the
United States for some time to come Cheap
money Is always an Important aid to a bun
campaign, and two sources of supply encourage
belief in its abundance for a period of con-,
siderable length. The banks, aided by the new
3 per cent bonds, are likely to materially ex
pand their circulation as soon as rates for
money advance. The large Increase In gold
production and the prospect of gold Imports
also tend to ease in money and higher prices
In the Stock Market. to enlarge upon Im
'•lt is almost needless to enlarge upon im
proved business prospects, as these are under
: Stood by every intelligent observer, and readily
confirmed by those familiar with conditions In
the interior; especially In the wheat growing
and Iron trade sections. The August Govern
ment report indicates a yield of ?'»>eat amount
ing to 607.105.000 bushels, against oSO.OOO 000
actual last year, and a yield of corn amounting
to 1,896,000,000 bushels, compared with 1.902 -
000.000 bushels last year. As a whole the agri
cultural sections are enjoying prosperity, and
there is every prospect of Its continuance an
other year. Our industries are also rapidly
reviving, and their promise Is for continued
activity for some years to come: in fact, en
thusiasts anticipate a positive boom, which is
neither desirable nor probable yet. While the
railroads are doing a heavy traffic— much of
it at a senseless sacrifice— and putting them
selves In good financial condition, the indus
trials are coming to the front as profit makers
and scoring handsome advances. They offer
tempting inducements ,to the speculators, but
must be handled with discrimination. Trade
conditions favor larger earnings, but It must
be remembered that many of these concerns
are particularly exposed to new competition In
good times from establishments having lighter
capitalization and the most modern equipment.
We believe the Stock Market will reach a still
higher level, accompanied of course with the
usual setbacks." j_i_ ■
SUGAR AND TEA TRADE.
For the fiscal year ending July 30 the Im
ports of Sugar into the United States were
4.719,769.504 pounds raw. valued at $94,138,031,
and 199,136,109 pounds refined, valued at $4,928,
150. against Imports for the last fiscal year of
2.557.832.155. valued at $55,f07.525, and 100,997,866
pounds refined, valued at $2.434.57 J.
The Imports of tea into the United States In
July amounted to 5,240,146 pounds, valued at
$777*393. The New York Commercial says: "In
previous years, from 1894 to 1596. the Imports
of tea averaged nearly 8,000,000 pounds a month.
In 1597 they averaged nearly 9.500.000 pounds
monthly, but in 18SS not quite 6.000.000 pounds
a month. The average Imports since 1894 have
been about 94,000.000 pounds annually, or 7,-
SOO.OOO pounds monthly; therefore last month's
lrrfpotts were fully 2,000,000 pounds below the
normal quantity."
WEATHER REPORT.
O2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. August 17, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
In California:
Eureka. 60: Fresno. 100; Los Angeles, 86; Red
Bluff. 96; San Luis Oblspo, 78; San Diego. 74;
Sacramento, 94; Independence, 94; Yuma, 112.
San Franclsc-o data— Maximum temperature.
63; minimum, 61; mean, 57.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS:
The pressure is highest off the northern coast
Of California ard lowest in Southwestern Ari
zona. It has fallen over the entire Pacific
Coast, the greatest fall being In Central Cali
fornia.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary In all districts. It Is slightly above the
normal in California.
The weather Is cloudy or partly cloudy along
the coast of Oregon and Washington, and clear
in other portions of the Pacific Slope.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. August 18, 1S98:
Northern California — Partly cloudy along the
coait, fair in the interior Thursday; brisk to |
high west wind on the coast.
Southern Callfornia^Falr, except cloudy and
foggy along the coast Thursday; brisk west
wind.
Nevada — Fair Thursday.
Utah— Fair Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Thursday; brisk to high west wind in after
noon.
Special from Mount Tamal pals— Clear; wind
west, 20 miles; temperature, 73; maximum
temperature, 80.
G. H. WILLSON, Observer.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NE"W YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Augr. 17.— The feature of the
day in the stock market was the action of the
directors of the Chicago. Burlington and Qulncy
In advancing the quarterly dividend on the
■tock from the 6 per cent rates. Although this
action has been rumored and has been indus
triously discounted in the advance of the ktoeka
for many days past and profits already taken
on the advance the announcement to-day was
met by a furious outburst of speculation in
that and all the other Granger stocks, which
carried the price of Burlington full 3 points
over the previous high level of the movement.
The action of the directors is accepted as in
dicative of their belief in the power of the
property to maintain earnings at last year's
high level. Intimations are given that the
forthcoming statement of July earnings will
show last year's large average maintained. The
statement of Bt. I'aul, second week in August,
Is corroborative of the confidence in the earn
ing power of the Grangers. The increase in
earnfngß over last year Is $36,210, and over 1892
(the largest previous corresponding week in tiie
road's history) the Increase in over $3000. Such
a showing by the roads most affected by the
present very light movement of grain la con
vincing evidence of the large general traffic
which the awakening of business Is bringi-u?
to the railroads. The renewed Impetus given
to the advance In prices wan a natural conse
quence. The Burlington news came on a yield
ing market, due to an enormous liquidation of
profit* on the recent advance. This realizing
had been going on for over an hour, to the
advantage of the very heavy outside demand
for stocks, and had resulted in the marketing
of upward of a third of a million shares of
stocks vilh only a fractional Impression on
prices, t l»'ch were, however, at the low point,
vl th the exception of some of the industrials,
notably rubber, leather, cotton oil and stocks
of the Iron and steel companies. Burlington
bounded up from the low point about 5 points.
St. Paul 3V4 and each stock in the group ad
vanced sharply. After a period of rather fev
erish lluctuatlon the stocks settled down to a
firm ana quiet tone near the top. while the
urgent demand for stocks went seeking through
the list, advancing first one group and then
another. Scarcely a stock failed to move, even
the neglected and despised coalers coming in
for gains of 1 to 3 points. The only exceptions
to strength were the stocks advanced yesterday
and the day before, which were held back by
profit taking. The Northern Pacific and Union
Pacific stocks were conspicuous examples. A
squeeze In shorts In sugar and a shaking out
of weakly margined holdings In tobacco were
features of the late trading. Top prices were
clipped by profit taking before the c\oen in the
majority of cases, but the closing wan ptfady,
only slightly below the best. The casing of
the sterling exchange rate was probably due
to the falling off of buying of stocks in London
for New York account. Sales for London ac
count in this market continued large tor bonds
at higher priced. Total sales, J4.065.009. United
States 3' s, when Issued, advanced % in the
bid price. Government bonds were otherwise
unchanged.
Total sales of stocks to-day, 887.57J shares,
including: Atchison preferred. 16,570, Canadian
Southern, 6420; C. and 0., lO.SSo; Burlington.
77 9SO C C. C. and St. L.. 5110; Denver and
RloGrande preferred. 3325; IlllmU Central, S4»:
£ E and W.. 31.720; L. and N., 15.200; Man
hattan. 12.750: Reading preferred. 11.-T/0; Mif
iourl Pacific. 7522: M. K. and T. Preferred. 3,2;.;
X T C 4400; Northern Pacific. 41,420; do pre
ferred 27 000; O. and W.. 12,500; Reali.isr, 39.
100; Rock Island, 4R.260: Pt. Louis ami 8. F.
second preferred, 3131; Union Pacific. '2,050; St.
Paul. 102.645; St. Paul and Omaha, 4210; South
ern preferred, 5050; Texas and Pacific, 29,700;
Union Pacific preferred, 22.950; Wabash pre
ferred, 7920; Cotton Oil, 13,300: Tobacco, 27,720;
Chicago G. W.. 11,195; People's Gas. 53.240;
Sugar, 69.380; T. C. and 1., 25.000;' Leather pre
ferred, 25,150; Rubber, 9665; Western Union, 29,
758.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 14% St P & Om 56%
Do prefd .... 36 Do Drefd 155
Baltimore & Ohio 16% St P M & M...... 141%
Canada. Pacific .. S4 So Pacific 22
Canada Southern. 65 So Railway 9V«
Central Pacific .. 17% Do prefd 34%
Ches & Ohio 25% Texas & Pacific. 14%
Chi & Alton 159 Union Pacific .... 28>,i
Chi B & Q 118% Do prefd 65
Chi & E 111 60% I U PD & G 4%
C C C & St L.... 46% Wabash 8
Do prefd 86% Do prefd 21%
Del & Hudson... 109!* Wheel & L E I 7I 7
Del L & TV 151 Do prefd 12*4
Den &R G 13% Express Companies—
Do prefd ........ 53% Adams Ex ...:... 105
Erie (new) 14»n American Ex .... 133
Do Ist prefd.... 37% United States ..... 42
Fort Wayne 172 Wells .Fargo 120
Gt Nor prefd 131 Miscellaneous—
Hocking Valley... 6% A Cot Oil t, 32%
Illinois Central .. 112% Do prefd 84%
Lake Erne &. \V.. 17% Amr. Spirits ..... IZ\
Dk prefd 74% Do prefd r....... .38
Lak?>v Shore 193 Am Tobacco 140%
Louis & Nash.... 57% Do prefd 131
Manhattan L .... 100% People's Gas 104%
Met St Ry 155% Cons Gas 19i%
Mich Central .... 106% Com Cable C 0.... 170
Minn & St L.... 29^ Col F & Iron 24
Do Ist rirefd 90 Do prafd 7o
Mo Pacific 38 Gen Electric 41
Mobile & 0hi0... 28 Illinois Steel 67%
Mo X & T 12 Laclede Gas 62%
Do prefd 36% Lead 38
Chi Ind & L 8 Do prefd 113
Do prefd ........ 34% Nat Lin Oil 7
N J Central 94% Haw Com Co 26
NT Central 119% Pacific Mail 34%
N V Chi & St L. 14 Pullman Palace... 188
Do Ist prefd.... 68 Silver Certificates 68%
Do 2d prefd.... 35% Sugar 141 1/*1 /*
Nor West 15% Do prefd 114
No Amer Co 65% T C & Iron 32%
No Pacific 36% U 8 Leather 7%
Do prefd 76 Do prefd 71%
Ontario & W 16% U S Rubber . 47%
Or R & Nay 58% Do prefd 108*,;
Or Short Line..'.. 34% West Union 94%
Pittsburg 139 C& N W 134%
Readmit 19% Do prefd 175
Do Ist prefd.... 44% St L & S W 5%
Rock Island 105% Do prefd W*
St Louis & S F-. 8% RG W 28
Do Ist prefd.... C 6?* Do prefd 66%
Do 2d prefd... 34% Chi O W 16
St Paul 109** Brooklyn R T.... 69
Do prefd 158
CLOSING BONDS.
US new 4s reg.. 128% N Carolina 45..... 102%
Do coup 12S l 4l 4 No Pac lsts 114
U S4s 112% Do 3s 65%
Do coup 112% Do 4s l ft lV<
Do 2ds 97 NYC& St L 4s. 106
U 85s reg 113 Nor & W6s 124
• Do 5s coup 113 Northwstrn cons. 142%
District 3.65s 116% Do deb Ea 118
Ala class A 108 O Nay lsts 112
Do B 105H O Nay 4s 100%
Po C 60 OS Line 6s tr ... 127
Do Currency ... 90 OS Line 5s tr.... 10S%
Atchlson 4s 96% Pacific 6s of 05.. 102%
Do a.lj 4s 73 Reading 4s 84*
1 Can So 2ds ....'.. 100% R G W lsts 90*.
j Chi Term 4s 89% St L & I M C ss. 100
C & Ohio 6b 115 St L & SF G 6s. 119?,
CHAD 4%s 104% St P Con 151
D & R G lsts 110% St P C & P lsts. 120
D * R G 4s 98 Do 5? 117
East Term lsts tr. 79 So Railway 5.-=.... SS
Gen Elec iis 10S Stand R& T 65... 6*
G H& S A 65.... 104 Term new set 35.. S2Vi
Do Ids 104 Tex PL G lsts... 107%
H&T Css 111% Do Kk 2ds 44%
Do on 6s 103% Union Pacific .... 99%
lowa C lsts 105 U P D a & G lsts. 77%
La new cons 45.. 102% Wab lA Cs 112
L & N Uni 45.... 91% Do 2ds 89%
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s 108
M X & T 2ds 65% Va Centuries i 5%
Do 4s 91 Do deferred .... 8%
N V Central lets. 115 j Union Pac 4s 99%
N J C 5s 114 I
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar ~.' IS Ontario 365
Crown Point 12 Ophir 20
Con Cal & Va... 35 Plymouth 12
Deadwood 2, . Quicksilver 1 25
Gould & Curry... 15 Do prefd 350
Hale & Norcross. 70 Sierra Nevada ... 45
Homestake 45 00 Standard 145
Iron Silver SO Union Con 20
Mexican 12 Yellow Jacket.... 1.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. •
Money— Union Pacific .... 2SVi
Call loans 2 @3 Westinghouse El. 30%
Time loans 2%@4 Do nrefd 68
Stocks— Atchison prefd ... 35%
A T & S F 14% Boston L 67
Amer Sugar 141 E E Illinois ...... 173
Do prefd 114% Gen Elec prefd... 97
Bay State Gas... 1% Bonds—
Bell Telephone... 252 Atchiaon 4s 94%
Boston fc- Albany. 240 Mining Shares
\ Boston fc Maine.. 166 Allouez Mln C 0... 4%
Chi Bur & Q 118% Atlantic 29
I Fltchburg 104% Boston * Mont.. 224
Gen Electric 41% Butfv& Boston.. 25*,
Illinois Steel 66% Calumet & Heola. 600
Mexican Central.. 6 Centennial IS%
NY & New Eng.. 100 ~-"eola ™'%
- Colony ....... 193 Oulncy 120
Or Short Line.... 34% Tamarack ICS
■Rubber *■*>'« Wolverine 26
West End 25% Old Dominion 28%
Do prefd 105%
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Aug. 17.-The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were quiet to-day, but less firm.
The feature was the sharp fall in Spanish 4s
on heavy sales from Paris. An offered explana
tion was reported difficulty on the Paris
Bourse, but ; well-informed operators say this
Is not so.
I The fall In Spanish bonds was really not sur
i prising, the wonder being that the price has
I been so good. The continued purchase of silver
by Spain, stimulated by the regulations as to
the note issue by the Bank of Spain notably.
had a weakening effect on Spanish exchange on
London, and this weakness tends to react on
Spanish stocks. Americans were easy on realiz
ing but the closing was steady on New lork
support- Grand Trunk was better.
The Paris Bourse was dull on the fall in
Spanish 4s and Deßeers. The Berlin market
W Canaatan' Pacific. 86% c: Grand Trunk, 7%;
Bar Silver, 27% d: Money. % per cent. •
PARIS Aug. 17, 4 p. m.— Spanish 4s closed at
40 »5, against 42.35, the final price yesterday.
LONDON, Aug. 17.— SpanlBh 4s closed on the
I Stock Exchange to-day at 40, a net loss of 2%
| from yesterday's close.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— FLOUR— Receipts,
22.068; exports, 27,149 barrels. Market, quiet
and steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 45,675 bushels; exports.
88,190. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, Tt%c f. o. b.
afloat to arrive. Options opened a trifle easier
through foreign selling and after a midday ral
ly on disappointing receipts had a second break
which left final prices vv 4 <g.%e net lower. After
noon selling wan inspired by weakness in corn
and light export demand. September, 69%@
70 l-16r; closed. 79% c
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points lower. Sales. 22,500 bags, includ
ing- August and September, $.i 50ii5 55. Spot
co ffee— Rio. quiet; No. 7 invoice, 6>£c; No. 7
Jobbing, 6%c.
SI'OAR- Raw, firm; refined, steady.
METALS— The market for metals In the
general way shows well sustained stability
with buyers showing more Interest. The New
York Metal Exchange reports closings as fol-
PlGlßON— Warrants, firmer, $6 85<S7.
LAKE COPPER— Strong. $12.
TlN— Dull and lower to sell, $16 20^16 33.
LEAD— Unchanged but firm, $4 O7H<&4 10. The
firm that fixes the settling price for miners and
smelters calls lead $3 S5; copper, $11%; cast-
Ing copper. $10 75.
SPELTER-Steady, $4 50^4 60.
BUTTER— Receipts, 7146 packages. Market,
steady Western creamery. IVfyfyWe; Elglns,
19c; factory. ll@14c; imitation. 13«fl6o.
EQGS— Receipts, 9843 packages; steady; West
ern. 14\jc.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. Aug. 17.— California dried fruits
fairly active and steady.
APPLES— Common, 6^Sc: prime wire tray,
9c; choice. 9V4c: fancy, &%@loc.
PRUNES— 4(ff Be.
APRICOTS— Royal. ll@13c; Moorparfc, 13®16c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7<&>9c; peeled, 12'St16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Aug. 17.— Corn was the leader of
the markets to-day. Conditions have been
propitious for a recovery from the severe set
back which the Corn crop suffered in conse
quence of the late drought, and the present
outlook was said to be vastly more assuring.
The start was fairly steady at about previous
day's closing figures, but the strength did
not last long. Very soon it became apparent
that big lines of long Corn were for sale, and
that brought out smaller lots In large num
bers. At every slight reaction during the ces
sion offerings overwhelmed the buyers, so that
at last shorts that had been ■willing to take
moderate profits held o't and deprived sellers
of their chief customers. The market con
tinued to decline right up to the close, Septem
ber I>>4c on the day.
Wheat was momentarily weak at the open
ing and then turned strong. The start for 3ep
/ tember was at from 65>4@65%c, compared with
65% c bid at the close yesterday. In the course
1 of an hour it rose to 65T4c and turned down
again from that point on account of weak
1 ness in Corn. The receipts of Wheat were so
small that short sales for September seemed
risky and extremely so In connection with the
fact that at the same time September was
worth only 65V4c in the pit. No. 2 red winter
was sold for shipment at 70% cm store. The
early advance to 65ftc for September was more
the result of light offerings than heavy pur
chases, and the buying was for the most part
to cover Wheat previously sold short. Antwerp
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 18, 1898.
reported a decline there of 37% centimes, or 2c
a bushel, for American red. The • clearances
from Atlantic and Gulf ports were heavy,
aggregating 727,000 bushels In wheat and flour,
but even that strong feature failed of having
more than momentary effect. • The close was
%c lower for September and December lost %c.
Oats were active and relatively stronger than
Corn, although the weakness In that ■ market
had a depressing influence. September closed
%ig<Hc lower. • , \
Provisions were generally easy, offerings be
ing in excess of the demand. The selling was
due largely to yellow fever talk. Pork Is
down 7%c, lard 2%c and ribs "Vie.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— ' Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
August... ..... 69%
September 65%. 65% 65% 65%
December 63% - 63% 62% 62% |
May 65% 65% 64% 64%
Corn No. — \".'-
August 32% 32% 31% ■-31%
September 32% 82% 81% 31%
December 32% 32% 31% 31%
May.: V 34% 34% 33% 33%
. Oats No. 2— .-; ; :?
September 20% 20<* 20% s ' 20%
May 22% 22% 22% 22%
Mess Pork, per bbl— , .
September 895 8 97% 8 87% 8 92%
October 8 »7% 8 97% -8 90 8 92%
December 906 906 8 97% 8 97%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
September ...6 27% . 5 27% 515 516
October 5 32% 6 32% 520 520
De^mber 5 32% 535 525 525
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— -
September 5 20 5 20 6 15 5 15 ■
October .....5 22% ■ 5 22% 6 17% 5 17%
Cash quotations were: as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 67@72c; No. 2 red,
70%«j71%c: No. 2 corn. 32% c; N0.,,2 oats, 21c;
No. 2 white. 25@26c; No. 3 white. 24f20c; No.
2 rye, 43%@44c; No. 2 barley, 37@45c; No. 1 flax
seed, SS'ic; prime timothy seed, $2 50; mess
pork, per bbl. $8 90® 8 95; lard, per 100 lbs.
Is 15@5 27%; short ribs sides (loose), »5 05@5 35;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), $4 62%@4 87%;
short clear sides (boxed). $5 6(hgs 70.
Articles— . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls U. 900 ..000
Wheat, bush 68.800- 161.000
Corn, bush ••• 544.000 105.400
Oats, bush 561.100 3 ?nvs
Rye bush 18.300 10.600
Barley, bush 19,900
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 13%@13c; dair
ies, 12@16c. Eggs, steady; fresh, 12c
WHEAT MOVEMENT.
i :". • Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis M«.«0 56.700 j
Duluth 1-618 26 -' 19
Milwaukee ».™{ m 024
™« ::::::::: ii:f|i lli.m
ole Louis-.::::::::::: %™ Uooo
Detroit «- 5 " *!•£*
Kansas City ■ 10 °.° 00 9''oQo9 '' oQO
Totals • 477.405 544.285
Tidewater—
Boston «a"P ? 'JiVm
New York • 60.67 a M.ITO
Philadelphia «.« 60 - 31 °
Baltimore 64,592
New Orleans • :;•;:: "snVvnn
Galveston. • 4t,KO 80 - 000
Totals 307.195 472.505
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat- . . Sept. Dec.
Opening 1 t os , » 3%
Opening » »H ■•
Closing ••••• ° 9 * ° 4
PARIS FUTURES. j
Wheat— Aug. Nov. -Feb. I
Owning 60 45 44 50 1
Closing 50 70 44 85
Ope'nTnT --21 35 20 SO
Closing .:::::::: -» 75 20 80
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or.. Aug. 17.— Export prices j
wheat: Walla Walla. 58c; valley and blue j
stem. 61c. WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Aug. 17.— Wheat exporters are pay-
Ing 60c for club and 63c for blue stem. Milling
3c bid higher.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, Aug. 17.— CATTLE— There was an
active demand to-day. Prices ruled steady for
common and medium grades, while good to 1
prime offerings were stronger. Choice steers, j
$5 36(55 65; medium. $4 80@4 95: beef steers, $4 j
f«4 75; Btockers and feeders, *3@4 75; bulls, $2 50
©4 25; cows and heifers, $3 50®4 25; calves, $3 50
@7; Western rangers. »3«4; fed Western steers,
«4 4006 40; Texans, $2 50@4 50.
HOGS— Business was fairly active with a j
good local and shipping demand. Early sales !
were made at strong prices but later a weaker j
feeling prevailed. Fair to choice. J3@4 05;
packers, *3 60@3 87%; butchers', $3 70@4: mixed. |
$3 6003 95; light, 13 60® 3 97%; pigs, J2 80@3 86. '
SHEEP— The demand I was , good but it was i
impossible to sell such a great number as were !
on the market without disturbing prices. ' Sales, ;
were on an average of 10<§*15c lower. Inferior j
t»> choice sheep, $2 75@4 80; Western rangers, \
$4 50ig4 80; common to choice lambs, |4@6 80.
Receipts— Cattle, 18,000; hogs, 23,000; sheep, ;
20,000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Aug. 17. — CATTLE — Receipts. >
2500. Market, active; steady; Native beef
steers, $4 40<g>5 50; Western steers, $4@4 60; cows
and , heifers, $3 2534 15; canners, $1 75<g3 25;
stockers and feeders, $3 70@4 S5; bulls and !
stags, $2 70@4.
HOGS— Receipts, 9600. Market, 5c lower;
closed 10c lower. Heavy. $3 72&'g'3 85; mixed.
$3 72Vs@3 75; light, $3 70@3 75; bulk, $3 72V4@
3 75.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1300. Market, active;
Stronger; fair to choice natives, $3 90@4 75; do j
Westerns, $3 80@4 60; common, $3@4; lambs, ]
$4@6.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Aug. 17.— CATTLE— Re-
I celpts, 7000. Market, steady to strong. Native
! steers, $3 50@5 50; Texas steers, $3@4 06; Texas
: cows, $2 25@3 65: native cows and heifers, $2@ !
i 4 75; stockers and feeders, $3@5 20; bulls, $2 75
; (64.
HOGS— Receipts, 10.000. Market opened
strong; closed weak. Bulk of sales, $3 70*g3 85;
heavies, $3 75(g3 95; packers. $3 66@3 86; mixed,
$3 tO&t 85; lights, $3 60@3 75; yorkers, $3 70@
3 75; "pigs, $.3 10@3 50.
SHEEP— Receipts, 5000. Market, steady.
Lambs, $3 75@6; muttons, $2 25@4 50.
DENVER.
DENVER, Aug. 17. — CATTLE — Receipts,
1400. Market, steady. Beef steers, $3 50#4 50;
cows. $3@4; feeders, freight paid to river, $3 75
(§4 25; stockers, freight paid, $3 BO#4 40; bulls,
stags, etc., $2<g?3.
HOGS— Receipts. 300. Market. 5c lower.
Light packers. $3 80® 3 85; mixed, $3 70@3 75;
heavy. $3 60<&3 80.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1800. Market, firm. Good,
fat muttons, $:cu4 50.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, Aug. 17.— California fruit sold to
day: Grapes— Malaga, 70c@$l 15. Prunes —
Hungarian, $1 20; yellow eggs, 85c.
NEW YORK. Aug. 17— California fruit sold
to-day: Pears— Bartlett, $2 60<f2 90; Beurre
Hardy, $2 30. Grapes— Malaga. 95c©$l 25; Fon
tainebleau. 66c; Muscats, 75c{f$l 10; Tokay, $1 45.
Peaches— Susquehanna, $1 OMil 20; Late Craw
ford, tW\ 20; strawberry. 80cfc$l 25. Prunes—
Gros, 90cg$l 40; Hungarian, 65c® $1 26; Brad
shaw, SI; silver, 75c@$l 15; yellow egg, 76c@
$1 05; Italian. $1 70.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California Fruit
at auction, realizing the following prices:
CHICAGO, Aug. 17.— Grapes— Malaga. 70c@
$1 15, average $1 11. Prunes— Hungarian, $1 20.
Plums— Yellow Egg, 86c. Seven cars sold.
CHICAGO, Aug. 16.— Pears— Bartlett, $2 20®
2 25. Prunes— Gros. 90c@$l 25, average $1 13.
Plums— Yellow Egg.< $1 06; Quackenboss, $1 50;
Giant, $1 20. Five cars sold.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 17.—Peaches—Craw
ford, $1 02. Prunes— Gro», $1 12; German, $1 15;
Hungarian, $1 15. Plums— Yellow Egg, 80c© I
$1 15; Columbia, Kcotl 10, average $1 02; Brad
shaw, S-'crgJl, average 99c. One car sold.
BOSTON. Aug. 17. — Pears — Bartlett, $2 K.
Peaches— Susquehanna, 9. r jC?j:sl 35. average $1 29;
Late Crawford, iHtcffsl 35. average $1 24. Prunes
—Hungarian, 75cg$l 40, average 95c; Groa, $1 18.
Plums— Yellow Egg. 64c.
NEW YORK. Aug. 17— Grapes— Malaga, $1 10
@1 45, average $130. Pears— Bartlett, $2 65®
2 85, average $2 77. Prunes— Gros, $I@l 45. aver
age $1 18; Italian. SI NKffl 55, average $1 39;
Goldendrop, $1 15; Silver. $1 30; Victoria, 93c.
Nectarines. $1 30@l 70. average $1 46. Sixteen
cars sold.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Aug. 17.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow of the
wool trade: Taking the market as a whole the
situation is very quiet. Everything now de
pends on the goods market, which still falls to
respond to expectations. The sales this week
may be considered surprisingly large, in view
of the talk of dull business which has been
heard on every Bide. As a matter of fact, how
ever, the total has been materallly enhanced
by a few large transactions. On point of num
bers the sales seem to be increasing from week
to week, but the fragmentary character of the
sales is also apparent. The sales of the week
In Boston amount to 2,025,000 pounds domestic
and 541 000 pounds foreign, making a total of
2 565 000. against a total of 3.339.000 for the pre
vious week and a total of 10.720,000 for the cor
responding week last year. Sales since Janu
ary 1 1838, amount to 74.593.810 pounds, against
237,187.600 pounds at this time last year.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 17.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $371,908,785; gold reserve.
$198,760,769.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Aug. 17.— Consols, 110 11-18; Sliver,
27V4d; French Rentes, 103f 62Hc.
Wheat cargoes off coast, nothing doing; car
goes on passage, nominally unchanged; English
country markets, generally Is cheaper.
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 17.— Wheat, dull; No. 1
standard California, 6s 6%d#6s 7d ; Wheat in
Paris, steady; Flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, dull.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 13-32 d.
WHEAT— Futures dull; September, 5s 5%d;
December, 5s 4d.
CORN— August, nominal; September, quiet,
3s 2%d; October, quiet. 3s 3%d.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— COTTON— Easy;
middlings, 5%c.
NKW ORLEANS, Aug. 17-COTTON-Qulet;
middlings, 5%c.
PORTLAND S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 17.— Exchanges, $363,
034; balances, $123,295.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — M 84%
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 8674
Sterling Cables — * *?
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — li%
New York Exchange, sight —
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars 46 46%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The market Is still a dragg-injf one,
with no wide changes either way. The demand
is slow and confined mainly to milling descrip
tions.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 !B%@l 21%; milling.
$1 30(91 40 per ctl for old and $1 25@1 30 for
new.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— B:ls o'clock— Dec-ember— 2000
Ctls, $1 21%; 14,000, $1 21%; 8000, $1 21%.
Second Session— December— 22,ooo ctU, $1 21%.
Regular Morning Session — December— l6,ooo
ctls, $1 21%; 10,000, $1 21%.
Afternoon Session— December— l6,ooo ctls, »1 21;
44,000, 11 20%; 4000. $1 20%.
PARLEY— Quotations continue weak and the
demand is poor. ,
Feed, *1 16@1 17%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December— 2000
ctls. $1 16. ,  
Second Session — December— 6ooo ctls, $115,
Morning Session— December— 3ooo ctls.
'Afternoon Session-December— Booo ctls, $1 14%.
OATS-Fancy Feed. U 26®1 27% per ctl; good
,1 25^1 27%; East
ern large yellow, sacked. *1 0,%<i3l 10; white,
$1 lO'ui 20; mixed, $1 OCigl 07% per ctl.
RYE— sl 20@l 25 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— n 75gl 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras. $4 40@4 50; bakers
extras, t* lo@4 25 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are aa fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour *3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, |2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour $7; Cornmeal. |2 Mi extra cream
Cornmeal. *3 25: Oatmeal. $4 25; Oat Groats,
f4 50; Hominy, $3 2.V<jf3 50; Buckwheat Flour, £4
@4 2.V Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour, »3 50; Rolled Oats (bar
ley) $5 Ss«6 23; In sacks, $5 65#6 05; Pearl
Bariey, 15; Split Peas. »4 25; Green Peas, |4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
There Is nothing new In the Hay. situation,
except that there have been some sales in So
noma County for San Jose account. The feel-
Ing is steady. San Francisco consumers still
hold oft as much as they can, hoping for lower
prices, but there are no signs of any break, as
receipts are running smaller than a fortnight
ago. The weekly report of the Weather Bu
reau says that the second crop of Alfalfa is
very short In the San Joaquln Valley, owing
to the dry season, and this may have a bullish
effect on the market later on.
BHAN— *IS 60<g16 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-*lß©2o per ton. „„,„
FEEDSTUFFS-Rollcd Barley, $25^26 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. *3iwn &0: Job-.
bing, *32«32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24'(i 25: Cotton
seed Meal. $2S®3O per ton; Cornmea!, $23^23 50;
C^ALI < FS NIA M SAY^Whe a t. ,17@17 50 for
CALIFORNIA HAY-Wheat. $17<517 50 for
pood and I14'?16 or ■ lower grades; no choice
' Skiing in: Wheat and Oat. $14 50(816 SO; Oat.
IllSMflS- Barley, : Island Barley, Sl2<ul4;
Alfalfa ! $12^13 50; ■ Stock, _tll«« «>: Clover,
"OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Wheat $13*14 CO: Oat. $12@13 50; Cheat. $IKW
5; Timothy. $11 60@ia 60; Alfalfa. $11011 M
! per' ton. " r i '-'• : ■" . .
STRAW— 4O®7Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
BEANS— *2 65<52 70; Small Whites,
Vht 10- Large Whites. $1 85^1 95; Pinks. $2 2>
@2 35; Reds. $2 60@2 75; Blackeye $3 15^3 2.,:
Butters, nominal; Lima*. $3@3 15; Pea, $2@2 la;
| Red Kidneys. $2 50@2 75 r per ctl. .
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 25®4 7o per ctl.
i Yellow Mustard. $4-34 25; " Flax, nominal. $2®
! 2 10: Canary Seed.'2%@2%c per 1b: Alfalfa, from
[ Utah. 5%c: Rape, 2%@2%c; Hemp, 2%@3c; Tim- !
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 75@1 90; Green, »2 25
I per ctl. ~i ■'» ',"■'■ .■; '
i POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Tomatoes are lower, but otherwise there is
nj "hnnge worthy of note In anything;.
POTATOES— 4S®6Oe In sacks for Early Rose
and 50(gS5c in sacks and 7:.rffsl in boxes
for Burbanks: Salinas Burbanks, 85c(g$l 15;
Swo-t Potatoes. lV,<32Vie per lb.
ONIONS— b&ifWc per ctl for yellow. Pickle
Onions, 75®90c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3c: String
Bet.ns, 2@3c per lb; Lima Beans. 3<i?3%c; Bay-
Squash, 25@30c; Green Peppers, 3iSsoc for
Chile and 3S(Jf6Oc for Bell; Cabbage, 60c per
ctl; Carrots. 30@50c per sack; Bay Cucumbers.
25<S3Oc; Pickles, 75c for No. 1 and 40®50c per |
box for No. 2; River Tomatoes. 50cg$l; Green
Corn 40@75c per sack for Vacavllle, $l(g'l 2a
per crate for Alameda. 50® 75c for Berkeley:
Garlic, 2®2%c per lb; Green Okra, MWg6sc; Egg
Plant. 35®60c per box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES - Potatoes,
sliced raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced
desslcated. 16® 18c; granulated, raw. 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old. 13c; new. 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c: Turnips. 26c;
String Beann, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Another car of Eastern sold at 18c for Turk
eys, $3 for Ducks, $5 60®* for Hens. $5 for old
Itoo&ters and Fryers and $4 for Broilers.
There will be no more Eastern stock this week.
Local stock Is rather easy at about the old
— Live Turkeys. 16®18c for Gob
blers and 14@16c for Hens; Geese, p*r pair. $1®
1 26; GosllnKS, $1 KOI 50; Ducks, $2 HM for old
and $2 50<&4 for young; Hens, $3 50<g>o; Roosters,
young $s>a«- Roosters, old, $4@4 60; Fryers,
$4 50; Broilers. $3 50@4 for large, $2 50<g>3 50 for
small : Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for young
and $101 25 for old. \
GAME— Nominal. ■
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
The established prices still rule md the mar
ket Is quiet all around.
BUTTER— . ■.
Creamery— Fancy creameries. 23@24c; sec
onds. 2Kg22c. . :
Dairy — Choice* to fancy, 20@22c; common
grsui c s 16® 19c .
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed. 14<315c per lb; .
Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9%@10c; old, 8@
?c; Cream Cheddar, lOfflllc; Young America.
lOfcJllc: Eastern, 12@13c.
EGOS— Ranch Eggß, 21@25c per dozen; store
Eggs. 14@17%c; Eastern, 14@17c for ordinary
and lS@2Wc for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
A fruit shipping association Is buying Bart
lett Pears to ship East, and 1h paying $32 50©
3T> per ton for strictly No. 1 stock. .Some also
Bold to canners at $35, but It was fancy stock. I
The market is decidedly better, however.
Peaches are also higher for choice stock, !
though inferior fruit is cleaning up at low
prices. Plums ar« still dull and cheap.
Grapes are steady at the quotations. The
weekly report of the Weather Bureau reports
serious damage to the crop in the interior
valleys by the recent hot spell, but the coast
counties escaped without Injury.
Watermelons are firm, but the other melons
are lower and plentiful.
Limes have again gone up, being scarce.
Lemons rule firm, with light supplies.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $3®S per chest for large and
for small.
Figs, 60@75c for white and 75c@$l 15 for black,
double layers.
Cantaloupes, 75c(?$l 60 per crate; Nutmegs, 25
@75c per box; Watermelons, $Vii2o per 100.
Huckleberries. 6<jj7c per lb.
Red Nectarines. 40®75c; White Nectarines,
35<f 50c per box and $10 per ton.
White Grapes. 26@50c per box; Black Grapes,
25® 65c; Muscats, 60@60c, crates sell about 10c
higher than boxes; Isabellas, 40c per basket
and 75ctg$l per box.
Blackberries, $2@4 per chest.
Plums, 2.'><asoc per crate and 25@60c per box;
In bulk, $5010 per ton.
Peaches, 60@75c per box for good to choice
and 16i?36c for poor stock.
Crabapples. 26® 40c per box.
Raspberries, $5@7 per box.
Apples, 354j<0c f° r common, and 75c@$l per
box for No. 1.
Bartlett Pears, 76c(J$l per box and $25(536 per
ton for No. 1 and 2i>@soc per box and $5@20 per
ton for small and Inferior stock.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $l@l 25 for St.
Mlchuels. $1 tor Mediterranean Sweets, and
25(6'75c for Seedlings; Lemons, $2 50®;3 60 for
common and $4(fis 50 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes, $9@10; Bananas, $1 25® 2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
Another advance In new Pears Is noted.
Peaches and Apricots are firm, though the lat
| ter are quiet.
Prunes are the most unsatisfactory fruit i n
the list at the moment. No two dealers give
the same quotations, and It Is doubtful whether
any of them know exactly what they are worth.
Certainly they are dull, though a few sales
are being made. The weekly crop bulletin of
th» Weather Bureau reports that the crop in
the Santa Clara Valley j will '■ be short, except
on irrigated land. '• - '■--
DRIKD FRUIT— New Prunes, 3\±@4c for the
four sues; old Prunes, carload lots, 5@5»4c for
40-50' s, 4%<35c for 50-60' s, 3»i@4c for 60-fO's, 3«40
3%c. for 70-80' 2%@3c for 80-90' s. 2@2»ic for
I 90-100' »; new Peaches; 7@Sc; old Peaches, SV4W
6Hc; peeled, nominal; new Apricots. 9@loc for
Royals and 15@17^c for. Moorparks; old Apri
cots. s@7c for Royals and B@loc for ■ good to
fancy Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 6V2@ic;
sun dried. 3@4c; Ulack Figs, sacks, 2@2Vic:
>lums, 4®4Vic for pitted and ;l@l%c for •un
pitted; bleached Plums. sc; Nectarines, 3@4Hc
for prime to fancy; Pears, 3©sc for quarters :
and 3<(?;>4c for halves, according to color, etc. ; i
new Pears, 6®7c for quarters and B@9c for |
RAISINS-2®2U«s for .two-crown, Z%®W*c for
RAISINS— 2#2'4c for two-crown, 2Vs'»2%tC Jor
three-crown. 3@3'/4c for . four-crown. 3@4c for
Seedless Sultanas. 21,4030 for Seedless Mus
catels and *I@l 15 for London Layers; dried
Grapes, 2c. -. .  _ , • '
NUTS— Walnuts, new. 6c for hardshell. for
softshell; Almonds.' 3@4c for hardshell, 6@.c for
softshell. SMi(fi9c for paper-shell;" Peanuts. *<<?
5%c for Eastern and 4 He for California; Pe
cans. 6%SBc; Filberts. •- 9H®loc; Brazil Nuts.
8-s*o per.lb; Cocoanuts, $4 50©» per 100. . . I
"HONEY— Comb. 9@loc f for bright and 6©jC
for lower grades; water- white extracted. 5%@
Cc; light amber extracted. 4%@sV»c per ID.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per IT). ...
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS — Bacon,. S^c. per It) , for
hea\T. 9c' for light medium, 10% c for light, lie
for extra light and 12V4®»c for ""^V.Sfnr :
Eastern sugar-cured Hams 10H@nc; Califor
nia Hams, SHfllOc; Mess Beef. *1«@1° M ' P"
bbl; extra Mess Beef. $11 ®U 50; Family Beef.
!!I|!I 50; extra prime Pork. $10: extra £§§
$18(518 50| mess, $15 50@16; Smoked Beef, 11® 12c
LARD-Eastem. tierces,' quoted at 6c per
for compound and 7%c for pure; palls. 8c
Callfornli tierces. 6c per ID for eo"«» u n* a g n c d
7e for pure; half barrels;, 7%c; 10- tins, Be,
6 "COTTOLENE - Tl.rces. BH©6Hc:-.- P*ckago»
lees than 300 rbs-l-Tb palls, CO In a case 9Hc
3-tb palls. 20 In a case. B%c; 5-» palls 12 In a
case BVs,c: 10-!b palls 6 i In a case. B%c M-TO
tins. lor 2in a case. 7%c; wooden bu^ 1 "^ J"
lbs net, BHc; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, .He; half
barrels, about 110 IDs, 7%c per It).
I . ■ ■ ■— - , •
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c: medium. 9c; light. S£c; Cow
hides. «c; Stags. B<*c; salted Kip, B%c; Calf.
9c- dry Hides, sound. 15c; culls and brands.
12c- dry Kip and Veal. 15c; dry Calf. 17@18c;
Goatskins. 27Vi^0c: medium. 30c; winter. 10c;
Sheepskins, rhearllngs, 151*250 each; short
wool, 3G@4oc each; medium. 60@S0c; long wool,
90-o sl 10 each; Horsehldes, salt. $2 25 for
large an-1 $101 75 for small; Colts. 50c: Horse
hlden, dry, $1 75 for large and 75c@Jl 23 for
small: Colts. 50c. "
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3\ic per lb; No. 2,
2%c; refined. MMi«; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip. Southern Mountain, 7®loc;
free Northern, :fl2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months'. 9<ffllc: San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months'. S®loc; Foothill and
Northern free. 12<9Uc: Foothill and Northern,
defective. 10@12c; Middle County, 13@16c; Hum
boldt and Mendoclno, 14®16c; Nevada. V)<ifUr.;
Eastern Oregon, 10(gl2c; Valley Oregon, 15@17c.
HOPS— IB 97 crop. 9@l2VeC per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Rags. 4%®4«ie; Wool
Bags. S6@2Be; San Quentln Bags, $4 85: Fruit
Bags. sc. 5Hc and s\c for the three grades of
white and 7@Bc for brown.
COAL — Wellington. '..sß'. per ton; New Wel
lington, M; Southfleld Wellington, $7 30; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant, $6; : Coos . Bay, $5; Wallsend.
$7 30; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 50 in (
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
$7 60; Coke. $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in
sacks. ' <
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed," 7c; Powdered, 6^c; Candy
Granulated, 6c; Dry Granulated. 5%c; Confec
tioners' A. 5%c: Magnolia A. 5%c: Extra C.
5%c; Golden C, 6%c; California A, 5%c per lb;
half barrels. He more than barrels, and boxes
%c more.
BAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef and Veal ire steady, but the other de-"
script lens are dull at the recent decline. •
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:- :-. f. *--
BEEF — First quality, 6?4c: second quality.
sVi«s6c; third quality, 4H@S !
VF.AL.— Large. 106 c; small, 6@7c per lb. ;
MUTTON— Wethers. C®6Vic; Ewes, 6c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, 7@7%c per lb
PORK— Live Hogs, 3\c. for large, 4c for me
dium and S^@3%cfor small; stock Hogs, 2@
3c; dressed Hogs. 5%#6%c. ■;j^:
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday. Aupust 17.
Flour, "qr sks ... 1.600 Wool, bales 95
Barley. ctls 1.510 Eggs, doz 12.570
Cheese, ctls 133 Wine, gals 40,780
Butter, ctls KB [Hides, no 248
Beans, Bks 761 Leather, rolls ... 73
Potatoes, sks ... 5.6S4 1 Chicory, bbls 35
Onions, sks 602.1 Do sks 340
Bran, sks 8401 Pelts, bdls 180
Hay, tons 497! Lumber, ft 70.00 D
Straw, tons II Raisins, bxs 1,300
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 1.820; Hay, tons 40
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 4 .°°l'V
THE STOCK MARKET.
Local securities were fairly active. The only
noteworthy change was a recovery in Oceanic
Steamship to $55.
There was nothing new in mining stocks.
The Oceanic Steamship Company has de
clared a monthly dividend of 50 cents per share,
payable September 1.
The South SwanHea Mining Company of Utah
has declared a dividend of 0 cents per share,
amounting to $7600.
The Standard Consolidated Mining Company
will pay a dividend of 10 cents per share,
amounting to $17,839, to-day. There are 178,394
shares of the company's utock outstanding.
The Excelsior Mining Company of. Nevada
County has levied an assessment of 1 cent per
share, delinquent September 15.
Ore from the Dexter mine at Tuscarora, Nev.,
recently shipped to Salt Lake City, averaged
$330 In gold and 16 ounces In silver to the ton.
The delinquency of the assessment of I*4
cettts per share on the Skagit Cumberland Coal
Company has been postponed to September 15,
and the day of sale to September 29.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Aug. 17—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Mutual El Co. 8% 10
4s quar c0up..111%112% Oakland Gas.. SI 51%
4s quar reg. . .*U%112% Pac Gas Imp.. £8 89
4b quar new...l27^l2Sfc Pac L Co 48% 50
}s new 104 106 , S F G & E... 88H SB%
Miscellaneous — San Fran .... 3% 3\
Cal-st Cab 55.113Vi115 Stock Gas .... 13 —
Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance— >
C C Wat 65... Si 9% — Ftrem's Fund. 2oo 205
Dup-st ex c... — 98% Bank Stocks—
E L * P 65..129%131% Anglo-Cal .... 60 —
F&CI Ry 6b. .115% — Bank of Ca1. .245 247%
Geary-st R ss. 93 100 Cal SD & T.. — 97
H C & S 4%5.100 105 First Nat 200 —
L A L Co 65.. — 100 |Lon P & A. ...128% —
Do gntd 65.. 99 100% Mer Exchange 14 15
Market-st 65..1!>6% — Nev Nat 8....160 —
Do Ist M 55.. 115% — Savings Banks-
Nat Vln 6s Sts — 97% Ger S & L..1550 1660
N CNG Ry 7s. 1% 10S 'Hum S & L.IOM 1160
N Ry Cal 65.. 110 — Mutual Say. — 42%
N Ry Cal 35. .103 104 S F Say U.. 490 500
NPC R R 68.103 106 IS & L 50.... — 100
NPC R R si. 19%102 Security SB. 300 —
N Cal R R ss. — — Union T Co. looo —
Oak Gas 55.... 101 — Street Railroad-
Do 2d Is 55.. 109% — California ....106 108
Om Ry 6s 127 — Geary 40 —
P & O 6s 107 — Market-st 64 64%
P&CI Ry 65.104%106 Presidio 8 —
Powell-st 65... 118 — Powder-
Reno WL&L..IOO — California ....130 149
Sac El Ry 6a. 100 — E Dynamite... 85 —
S F & N P ss. IMVi 108*4 Giant Con Co. 45% 45%
SlerraßCal 6s. — 103 Vlgorlt 2V4 2%
S P of Ar 65.. 106% — Miscellaneous —
S P Cal 6s 110 — Al Pac Assn.. !'6% 97^
SPC Is eg 55.. 102 — Ger Ld Wk5..125 —
! S P Br 6s 11S%116»4 Hana P C 0.... 164 15^
S V Wat 65... 118% — H C & 8 Co.. 26% 26»i
S V Wat 45...102^ — Hutch S P Co. 54% 56
Stock Gas 65.. 100 — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Water Stocks— Nnt Vln C 0... — 7
Contra Costa.. — 54 Oceanic S Co. 64% 56H
Marln Co 50 — Pacific AFA. — 214
Spring Valley. — 99% Pac Bot C 0.. ..100 104
Gas & Electric— Par Paint Co. 7% —
Cent Gaslight. 105 —
Morning Session.
30 Alaska Packers' Association 97 00
100 Giant Powder Con 48 25
200 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 26 50
2Fi Market-street Railway 64 12%
145 S F Gas & Elet-trlc Co 88 50
55 Spring Valley Water 99 50
Street—
$3000 Market-st Ry Con Bonds 5s 115 50
Afternoon Session.
60 Alaska Packers" Association 97 00
10 Hana Plantation Co 15 62%
105 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 26 50
105 Hutchlnson S P Co 54 87%
100 do do s 30 54 75
20 Market-street Railway 64 25
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 55 00
75 S F Gas & Electric Co 88 50
30 8 F Gaslight 3 12%
15 Spring Valley Water » 50
Street—
30 Fireman's Fund Insurance 205 00
100 Market-street Railway i 64 25
INVESTMENT BOAHD.
Morning Session.
10 Hutahlnson S P Co 55 00
Afternoon Street Sales.
10 Hutohlnson S P Co 66 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Belcher 14 [200 Gould & Curry- 16
100 Best & BelcheT. 17 200 Justice 07
-400 Bullion 03 100 Mexican 15
100 Con Cal & Va.. 38 100 Potosi n
300 Confidence 89 300 Savage 13
500 Crown Point ... 14UO0 12
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 181200 Mexican 17
100 Caledonia  20)200 IS,
600CholIar 20J100 Ophir ••■••••••••• ?J
200 Crown Point ... 13 200 Sierra Nevada.. 62
300 Occidental 50 ! 200 Yellow Jacktt... i-
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday :
Mcrning Session.
300 Best & Belcher. 191200 Mexican J«
1000 Bullion 031300 Ophlr *»
500 Con Cal « 'Va.. 3M300 Potosi ••••••••■■ iL
300 39 200 Sierra Nevada.. |
100 Confidence 40! 200 •• ™
200 Crown Point ... 14|400 Union Con ...... -
150 Gould & Curry.. 171100 Yellow Jacket... is
Afternoon Session
400 Belcher 15! 200 Mexican 1'
200 Best & Belcher. l»|3ooOphtr *»
300 Caledonia 201400 Potosi \%
300 Chollar 2( 200 Savage «
800 Con Cal & Va.. 41 500 ........ ?£
400 42 200 Sierra Nevada.. 60
300 Crown Point ... X- 200 »
200 Gould & Curry., 1!- 360 Union Con ...... f*
500 Kentuck 05 200 Yellow Jacket... l»
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Aug. 17—4 p. m.
Alpha 03 05 Julia — 02
Alia 09 11 Justice 06. 0,
Andes 04 05 Kentuck 05 06
Belcher 14 IC Lady Wash ... — 01
Benton Con ... — 12 Mexican 17 IS
Best & Belcher 17 19 Occidental 49 jjf
Bullion 02 04 Ophlr " -■'
. Caledonia 21 22 Overman 0o «J
Chollar 19 10 Potoal 18 U
Challenge Con. 13 14 Savage 12 IS
Confidence 38 11 Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va. 42 43 3«S Belcher ... 04 Oo
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 62 Co
j Crown Point ..13 14 Silver Hill .... — M
Con New York. 01 02 Syndicate - »f
j Eureka Con ... 20 — Standard ~ o
| Exchequer — 04 Union Con 23 2.,
Gould & Curry. 16 U Utah 06 OS
Hale & Norcrs. 75 &0 Yellow Jacket. 19 21
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
H B Benjamin. Marysv J Nolan & w. Mo
R C Allen, San Diego H Richards, N V
' Dr II C Tlckell & w, H Richards Jr. N V
! Nevada City A J Rockwell, Chgo
I W M Woolwine&w.Ten V Remaele, Chso
S T Dibble. Grass Val B H Wllson&w. S Jose
Col Messmore. Grass V T S Denny, Sulsun
E J Mann. Boston L Hart. San Jo?e
Q Qulmby, Oakland C Becker &w. S Jose
H Balwln. Stockton C M Bandy. Woodland
T Morass. Stockton iJ E Bandy, Woodland
Miss M A Allen. Cal F Hunter&w. Wood.nd
Mrs J S Craig, Higlnd N B Black & f. Wo<dl
E B Colgate, N V Mrs M J Wright. Saeto
I Cohen, Eureka Mrs F Wright, Sacto
O yon Dettenftw. Slock J J Hebbson. Salinas
H S Johnßton, S Diego ' Mrs Allen. Sacto
Mrs S B Rigger, Or F H Webster. Mlntura
Mi.-s G Rigger. Or IT A Hawes. Colusa
G S Porters Jr. Or J Craig & w, Highland
Mrs G S Porters Sr.OrMrs N G Cohen. Nev
J B Nichols, L Ang IE A Ruble. Cal
I Mrs J Klntz, L Ang |M Biggs Jr, Orovllle
Katherine Klntz. L A|G N Harney. Marysvl
F E Curtis, w & d, {Mrs W J Carrla. hacto
Los Angeles IC E Andrews. Mo
J E Pringle, L Ang ;T J Hughes. Napa
G A Scovllle. Stanford R C Goldman, Napa
E A Keith. Stanford A E Osborne&w.Eldrge
D J Palmer, VacavlUe C Ferguson. L Ang
W T Prlngle. Mo J H Martin, Oakdale
Miss A Johnson. Colo C 1» Cotterman. Portld
Mian S Johnson. Colo |J M Crossley. Cal
W F Hartig & w, Mo Ih Howell. Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Miss G Lyons, NY R Pope, Rtktn
Miss E Even. N V Mrs M I Dralr, Cal
E Hastings. NY R Woldenberg. Cal
T W Krauth. Cal L Cartert, Cal
R H Jamison, Pa Miss Carter!. Cal
J P Schultz, Alaska V" F Wickenden, Cal
C Gay. Alaska R Wickenden. Cal
H E McAfoose, Alaska W H Romalne. N V
J G McGuire. Term E C Kirkpatrick & w.
I F McDanlel. Chicago I Tex
• W B Strickland. U S N A E Gwynne A w, N V
! W L Luhn U S V J Hatch. S Jose
iQ M Dreher. US V G Goldsmith, L Ang
M Oildmacher. Cal A Ramlsh. L Ang
i F Dodd, Fresno F Wanrer, Park Ridge
j Mrs L C Pope, Stktn
PALACE HOTEL.
X Takahashl, Japan G G McKay, N V
R Ichlmomigt. Japan H Roper, Menlo
J C Evans, U S N Miss Roper, Menlo
O Mosbocher & w, Or C H Duell & w, D C
Mrs W B King, Or R B Messer. Hastings
G J O'Connor & w, Cal W D Parsons, N V
J Pownlng, Cal C P Jenkins, Hanford
R P Flint. L Ang S F Klelnberger, N 1
H Eaton. L Ang 8 N Griffith. Fresno
E H Foote & w, Mich Mr Churchill, w, c &
H T Gage w & c, ! m, Napa
Mich W H Pahl. Wis
Miss M Eastman. MlchlA W Seaver, L Ang
W F Foley, L Ang J C Wilson. N* T
W D Carlisle, Chicago 1 A Kinney. L Ang
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P E Jones, Lob Ang P F Reynolds. Cftl
J Arthur. Nevada Cy Mrs J D Summers,
J Jenkins. Nevada C Sacramento
H D Parsons, Nev Cy J M Boyle. Cal
S Abbott. San Diego C F Danville. Sonora
P N Lewis. NY H Austin. Salt Lake
C Stone NY * Z E Buckner. S Rosa
T Qulfriey. Visalia I G Jones. San Diego
C Moore & w. Cal W H Seeley Needles
C Chlchester. Cal J McCarthy. San Jose
T Morris, Term C R.iMnson. Monterey
Althouph blind in one eye, the late
Professor Mueller of Vienna mastered
over 100 languages and was one of the
greatest ethnologists of modern times.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A brnnch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office located in the Merchants 1 Exchange, is I
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be. obtained regarding ,
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters ,
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped ;
on time or giving the error, if any. is published
In the morning papers the following :?£>'•
Ensign (retired), U. 3. N., In charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low I
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San j
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mlssion-Btreet wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of t/de is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, AUGUST IS.
Sun rises • — • • |:23
Sun sets ............ ....... .6.68
Moon sets 7.16 p. m.
ClTime Time Time Time
g, Feet. Feet. Feet. Feet.
»|L, W ' HAY L. Wj " 'H W
isl 5-43 -0.3 12:31 , 4.9 .5:59 1.9
H W L. W . H W L. W
19 004 5.1 6:15 0.6 12:52 5.0 6:« 1.6
20 0 : 46 4.9 6:50 1.0 1:17 5.0 7:26 1.3
»1 1 : 34 4.7 7:27 1.3 1:46 5.2 8:14 0.9
22 2 :32: 32 4.4 8:04 1.8 2:21 5.2 9:14 0.7
13 3 : 44 " 3.9 8:47 2.3 * 3:07 5.3 10:20 0.5
24 ' 5-17 3.6 9:39 2.8 3:58 6.4 11:31 0.2
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides j
the early morning tides are given In the left i
hand column and the successive tides of the I
day In thp order of occurrence as to time. The j
second time column gives the second tide of j
the day, the third time column the third tide i
and the last or right hand rolumn gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
fdvnn are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low w*ters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Glenfarg China and Japan Auk. 17
Crescent City... Crescent City I Aug. IS
Scotia IHumboldt Aug. 18
Homer*. (Newport Aug. 19
Chllkat IHumboldt Aug. 19
Tltanla iNanalmo Aug. 19
Empire Coob Bay |Aug.l9
Columbia [Portland )Aug. 20
Queen Victoria & Puset Sound | Aug. 2f>
Bristol Departure Bay |Aug.2O
Santa Rosa (Pan Diego I Aug. 21
Grace Dollar... !Rt. Michael |Aug. 21
Orlataba IHumboldt I Aug. 22
Mackinaw iTacoma (Aug. 22
Coos Bay {Newport Aug. 23
Belgic IChlna and Japan Aug. 23
Arcata iCoob Bay Aug . 23
Moana {Sydney Aug. 24
Hueneme iPortland Aug. 24
State California! Portland | Aug. 2o
Pomona San Diego |Aug. 2o
Walla Walla. ..iVlctoria & Puget Sound; Aug. 2>
Signal (Grays Harbor ....jAug. 25
STEAMERS TO SAIL. (
Steamer.
Destination.
Satis.
Pier.
Pier 12
Orizaba
Arcata
Curacao —
Pomona
Umatilla ..
Homer
Chllkat
of Call Portland Aug. 18. 10 am | Pier 12
anamaiPanama |Aug. 18. 12 miPMSS
ha .... Humboldt.... I Aug. 18. 10 ami Pier 9
a Coos Bay Aug. 18. 10 am! Pier 13
ao .... Mexico Mg-W, lOamlPler 11
na .... San Diego ATig. 19. 11 am|Pler 11
Ula .. Vie & Pgt Sd. Aug. 19. 10 ami Pier 9
T Newport .Aug. 2l. 9 am I Pier 11
it Humboldt A.ug.2l. 9 amlPier 13
ibla .. Portland Aug. 23, 10 am|Pler 12
RosalSan Diego.... Aug. 23. 11 amjPier 11
are .. 'China & Japan Aug. 23. 1 pm,PMSS
i Vie & Pgt%d. Aug. 24, 10 amjPier 9
Fay... Newport [Aug. 25. 9 amjl'ler 11
(Portland
Panama
I Humboldt .... I
Coos Bay
Mexico
San Diego
Vie & Pgt Sd.
Newport .|
jHumboldt
Columbia ..
[Portland
i San Diego
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, August
17. IS9B.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at t
p. m. Greenwich mean time.
Ensign (retired). U. S. N.. in charsfr.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVBD.
Wednesday, August 17.
Stmr Pomona, Debney, 34 hours from San
Sunr Australia. Houdlette, 24 days 16 hmira
from Manila, via Nagasaki IS days 16 hours
S5 minutes. In ballast to United States Govern
ment. ,
X'nited States stmr Iroquois, Turner, from a
cruise in search of derelict.
Stmr George Loomis, Bridget, 39 hours from
Ventura.
Bark Albert. Griffiths. 23 days from Hilo.
Brig Galilee. Dinsmore. 36 (lays from Tahttl.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, 20 hours fr"m
Bowenr Landing.
Schr Sacramento, Forest, 36 hours from
Needle Rock.
Schr Bessie X, Adler, 3S hours from Mog«
landing.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, August 17.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka; Charles
Nelson.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons. Eureka; Goodall. Per*
kins & Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday. August 17.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall. San Pedro.
Stmr North Fork. Bash, Eureka.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwing, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Westport, Peterson, .
Brig J. D. Spreckels, Christiansen. Honolulu.
Schr Mary Etta. Nyman, .
Schro Guide. Olsen. Orescent City.
Schr Marion, Herwreaux, Port Blakeley.
Schr John A, HHlqulst. Eureka.
Schr Lettitia, Wilson, Coos Bay.
CHARTERS.
The Ceylon. Harry Morse and Lucille load
coal at Seattle for this port.
The Charles E. Falk loads lumber at Eureka
for Honolulu; I-aura Pike, lumber at Tacoma
for Mazatlan and Manzanillo.
MISCELLANEOUS..
A launch belonging to the United States
steamer Scandta, while out on a trial trip with
a number of invited guests, including Mrs.
Charles Paxton. Mrs. Cone, MrR. Peterson, Nat
, Messer. Captain Hart of the Scandia, the en
gineer and assistant and two sailors, was run
into by the United States steamer General Mc-
Dowell. All the occupants were rescued with
the exception of Mrß. Paxton, who was
drowned.
MEMORANDUM.
Per U. S. stmr Iroquois, from cruise Aug 15—
Crulyd between lat 43.19 N lon 129.51 W and
San Francisco, but saw no trace of the dere
lict; very foggy weather.
I'er stmr Australia— Aug 17— Sailed from ,
Manila July 23, 6 a. m. Arrived at Nagasaki
4 p. m., July 27. Sailed from Nagasaki July 30
a' 7 a. m. At 7:45 p. m. passed through Van
Dloman Straits. Strong easterly winds to Aug
3. Aug 8 crossed the meridian with light east
erly winds to Aug 14. Then light northerly and
westerly winds to port. Fine weather all the
way.
SPOKEN.
No da'e— Lat 30 S lon M W. ship A. G. Ropes,
from New York for San Francisco.
Per U. S. stmr Iroquois— Aug 9. lat 32 N lon
13n W, bktn Newsboy, from Tacoma for Port
Pirie; all well.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
USAL— Arrived Aug 16— Stmr Point Arena,
hence Aug l.'i.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 17— Stmr Navarro,
from St. Michael.
COOS BAY— Sailed Aug 17— Stmr Empire, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 16— Stmr Samoa,
Eureka: stmr Rival, from St. Michael.
POINT REYES— Passed Aug 17— Br ship
Waterloo, from Newcastle, N. S. W.. for San
Francisco.
CASPAR— Arrived Aug 17— Schr Abbie. from
; Redondo. Sailed— Stmr Jewel, for San Pedro.
GREENWOOD — Arrived Aug 17 — Stmr
Whitesboro, hence Aug 16.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Aug 17— Stmr
Greenwood, from Point Arena.
HEDON DO— Arrived Aug 17— Stmr Newsboy,
from Usal.
TATOOSH— Passed Aug 17— Ship Two Broth
i ers. hence July 30. for Nanaimo; ship R. D.
Rice, hence July 29 for Comax; Br bark Gladys,
hence July 30 for Chemanius; ship J. B. Brown,
hence July 22 for Port Angeles.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 17— Stmrs Chilkat
and Newburg. hence Aug 15; bktn Mary Wln
kelman. from Honolulu; stmr Pasadena, from
| San Pedro. Sailed— Schr Jennie Wand for Ta
coma: stmr Scotia, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Aug 17— Schr Web
j foot, hence Augr 5; schr Melancthon, henca
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 17— Schr Laura Mad
sen, from Port Tnwnsend.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Aug 17— Stmr Aloha
and schr Ma Schnauer, for San Francisco.
BOWENS LAN DlNG— Sailed Aug 17— Schr
Newark, for San Francises
FOREIGN PORTS.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Aug I&— Ger bark
i Magallanes, from Vancouver.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Aug 16 — Br bark
Dominion, from Tacoma.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July 24— Br stmr Fitz
clarence. from Tacoma for Vladivostok.
ISLE OK WlGHT— Passed Au* 14— Br ship
-Wasdale. from Antwerp for Fan Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, N. S. W— Sailed Aug 9— Ger
bark Knrtinka for Panama.
HONGKONfI- In port JuF> 19— Br bark tfrt-"
thornbank. for San Francisco; Fr bark Duchess
Anne, for San Francisco; Br ship Metropolis,
for Oregon.
SYDNEY— Arrived Aug 16— Bktn Katie Flick
ineer. from Ohemainus.
SHANGHAI— Arrived Aug 16— Schr Robert
Searles, from Port Rlakeley.
OCBAB TBAV3L.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
h^_ Steamers leave Broadway
VMSni, wharf, San Francisco:
HB&gKnfc. For Ala si ■ ports. 10 a. ■ m..
I HBfZjlMfe August 4. 9. 14. 19. 24. M. SeptS.
|X lEWI transfer at Teattle.
- HBftc^H^Ba Fur Alaskan ports (from
fttSaT^rtWii Spear-street wharO. 10 a. m..
i^^^^SHmK August 3, 23, transfer at Port-
land. Or.
**• For Vlctr i. Vancouver. . (B.
C > Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma. Everett.
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
m August 4, 9, 14. 19, 24. 29. Sept 3. and every
fifth day thereafter, c necting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
Ry.. at Tacoma wit. N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. Aug.
8. 12 IS. 24, 30. Sept 5 and every sixth day
thereafter. ' ' _. '
For Santa Cruz, -Monterey. San Simeon,
Cayueos Port Harford. (San Luis Oblspo).
I Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme.
, San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
! Newport. 9 a. m.. Aug. 1. 5. 9. 13, 17. 21. 25, -29.
Sept 2 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo) Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., Aug. 3. 7, 11. 15, 19, 23. 27. 31. Sept. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter. -
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mar.atlan. Altata. La Pas, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymaa (Mex.). ,10 a. m.. 18th of
every month. . . " ~ ' _ ' :'V.v\
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to cnan*«
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
ar i<l br.nrc of FnWmr. . - .-•'
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). & CO.. Gen. Agts.
GOODALL,. PERKINS ft CO.. <3e«. Agts.
10 Market st San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO. *,:
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
■ From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m. '
CJIDC $12 First Class Including Berths
rAnt $8 Second Class and Meals.
' SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
tc-insiLs City '".'■■ 26 00 Chicago ...24 00
Omaha? .- 26 00 New York ........ 3100
Omaha - C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market ' st.
GOODALL^ERK^NS^CO. ■ _■
Cornpagnie Generale Transatlantique.
French Lin© to Havre.
Cimpany's pier (new). 42 North \
Rlvrr foot of Morton st. Travelers <i:<gTT>
by this line avoid both, transit by-****'
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
i the channel In a small boat. New York to
I Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first-class. $140;
second class, $116.
LA NORMANDIE Aug. 20. 10 a. m.
I LA GASCOGNE .........Aug. 27, 10 a. m.
i LA TOI'RAINE ...Sept. 3. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE Sept. 10. 10 a. m.
LA NAVARRE ..Sept. 17. 10 a. r»>
For further particula-« apply, to ••
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLA*
- TIQUE. Agent,
. No. 3 Bowling Green. New York
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
five.. San ' Francisco. .• • ...■•- .-..-.-.
PNVBIBIO Wednesday, - September
JHlflTClLsails via Honolulu »nl
[•^"■"■•Aucklana for Sydney
B Wednesday, September
SImTInIIDcJ "L*ne to COOLGAR-
Q)l\Al\\J\l\\l DIE Australia, and
| / sniß3lZlr» A A r^. TOWX. South '
VSIIIfJVIIVC) Africa.
J J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.,
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— Market St., San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS^
fAKTIHITBOAT TO SAN JOSE.
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY. TOO, at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO, Clay-street Wharf. Fare 76c.
vV Special Rates to Excursion Parties.
, Beginning SATURDAY. August 20.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
' Steamer "Montlcello. V »,< J:
Mon., . Tues., Wed., Thuru. and 5at............
9:45 a., m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays ' .'....:. .;..... l p. m. and 8:30 p. m
Sundays *""".*....... 10:30 aTO and Bp.m. •
Landing" and offices— Mission Dock, Pier 8. •
*>.:■; >. Telephone Red 2241. ;;-:*^- ; ;'MEADORS HAS
COMMITTED
TWO MURDERS
He Killed His Uncle in
Arkansas.
WAS TRIED AND ACQUITTED
JIURDER OF ÜBY DOES NOT
SEEM TO WOEEY HIM.
The Prisoner, Who Will Set Up the
Plea of Self-Defense, Tells
of His Varied
Career.
James Nathaniel Meadors, who killed ,
Jonas Ury at Camp Barrett, could be j
tried, convicted, sentenced to death and j
exn-cuu-d by the military authorities if j
they so desired, as the murder was com
mitted in a military camp and the mur- !
derer and his victim being soldiers.
It is usual, however, in such affairs to
turn the prisoner over to the civil authori
ties, and this has been acme in this case.
Private George S. Fouts of Company C
fcwore to a complaint in Justice of the !
Peace Laurence's court in East Oakland
yesterday morning, charging Meadors
jprlfgi the murder of Fry.
The news of Try's death did not seem
to affect the murderer la the least, for he
. chatted plrasantly.
-. "I am not at all worried about this mat
: ter," he said. "I have done nothing that
»ny other man of nerve would not do un
der the same circumstances. All 1 a.^k is
that they push my trial along as fast as
possible, for I don't want to lie in this
devil's hole With all nationalities.
"On January 26, 1*75, I got into some
trouble with an uncle, F. M. Moore, in
Crawford County, Ark. He had come into
my house drunk, and intended killing my
only brother; but I killed Moore. I was
tried in my county and acquitted by
■■ twelve honorable jurymen. Of course,
that affair broke me all up: but I don t
. Intend that this Ury affair shall affect me
• ■ that way. Since I left Crawford my little
farm has been sold under foreclosure.
. JJy wife and 1 were born and raised U>
that neighborhood, and we have four chil
dren. I am a stranger here, and my
means are limited: but all that I have
Roes, and that's all I car. do. All I want
is an 'even break,' and I'll have that it
.. I have to fight for it. I haven't an attor
. ney as yet. and I am net worrying over
: the probable outcome of my case. I
: know that if the men who witnessed the
affair will come up and tell the truth I
will be cleared. I don't want any one to
testify to anything he cant swear to with
a clear conscience. _
"I know that in the sight of man. and
the creator I killed Try in self-defense. I
couldn't put up any other plea.
••■Whr-n I left Crawford County I went
to Arizona and tried to recover damages
for the death of my son. who was killed
. In the mines fifteen miles north of Kins
man, but I failed, and last April I came
out to California to visit my relatives
at Petaluma. whom I hadn't seen since
I was a little boy. I found Tncle Peter
; Meadors had died, and so I stayed with
the family until I enlisted."
Meadors denied that the direct cause
of the stabbing was over the $3 he had
loaned Try.
•'lt was all on account of a nasty mess
of Try's in our t^nt." said he. "Try
blamed It m Joe Burnett, and when he
left it to me. I up and said 'you know
you did it. Try.' and he called me a vile
name, I am not at all sorry for what I
did. I would do It again. I can stand
a joke as well as any man, but this Ury j
: abused me all the time."
The feeling at Camp Barrett is very |
much against Meadors, and Company C I
. members feel particularly sore over the
murder, as they regard the affair a dis- ,
grace to their organization. He has j
no sympathizers, and the evidence !
against Meadors will be strong.
"If I am convicted," said Meadors. In
conclusion, "and am sentenced to be exe
cuted, I will take my medicine Like a
man. I do not dread it as much as I
would to swim across the bay."
A DISREPUTABLE FAMILY.
Mrs. Maria Wren and Her Daughter
Arrested for Being Insane.
: Mrs. Maria Wren, 56 Natoma street,
find her daughter Mar)' have been a nui
sance to the neighborhood of their home
/or a long time. Yesterday morning Mary,
>ho Is about 30 years of age, followed a
daughter of Hugh Donohue, a neighbor,
•who was wheeling a baby carriage, and
threatened to kill her. Donohue com
: plained to Captain Spillane, and Mary
: -was arrested for being insane by Ser
,'geant Coogan and Policeman Orr. She
was locked up in the insane ward in the
"'• Receiving Hospital.
A few hours later Policeman Moriarity
went to the house to arrest th<- mother on
the same charge. She had locked all the
doors, and Moriarity had to crawl
through a window. She grabbed hold of
him as he was climbing through, and
Btruck him several times on the face be
fore he overpowered her. She has been
arrested times without number within tho
last seventeen years for drunkenness and
disorderly conduct, and is looked upon by
• Captain Spillane as the most vicious wo
man he has ever encounter' -d.
The house occupied by the mother and
daughter was in a wretched condition
from filth, and their condition when on
the etreet was a perpetual eyesore to the
neighbors. Mrs. Wren has a son, a "dope
fiend," who is now serving time In San
Quentin.
TTkiah. and Return $2.
There will be a special excursion to
TJklah Sunday, August 21, leaving Tibu
ron Ferry at 8 a. m., and for which the
fare for the round trip will be only $2.
The time for departure from Ukiah will
be 4:30 p. m., giving four hours there,
and affording plenty of time to visit the
fl6h hatchery of the San Francisco and
Korth Pacific Railway, Vichy Springs,
end the many other points of Interest. •
To Honor a Hero.
Frank Finlay. the California volunteer,
Ihe hero of Malete, who distinguished
himself by taking ammunition to the sol
diers and rescuing Captain R. Richter and
a private In the manner which has al
ready been described, was at the time of
enlistment recording secretary of U. S.
Grant Council of the Junior Order of
United American Mechanics. Martha
Washington Council, Daughters of Lib
erty, the auxiliary of the Juniors, will
to-morrow night hold a grand jubilee in
honor of Finlay's achievement on the
field. The event will take place in Occi
dental Hall, in the old Supreme Court
build ng at the corner of McAllister and
J>arkin streets.
Ladles' tailor-n-arle suits; latest designs; we
fclve credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Butter, r. 6 A 7.
For Open Asiatic Ports.
Isidor Jacobs, manner of the Califor
nia Canneries Company, yesterday sent a
letter to President Hugh Craig of the
Chamber of Commerce, urging that the
chamber take up the matter of keeping
the Asiatic ports open to the trade of the
■world. He declares that it is a matter of
no small importance to the mercantile in
terests of the- Pacific Coast, and says the
entire country should stand with England
to keep these ports open. Mr. Craig in
his answer said:
"Certainly it Is to the interests of the
Vnited States to stand in with England
and demand that ports In China shall be
kept open to the commerce of the world
while there is a possibility that Russia
18 attempting to gather under her control
tUI the larger portions of that empire."
If the lead in your pencil Is poor, try the
famous "Koh-I-Noor." •
STOLEN EGGS IN HER BOSOM.
The Mission Police Capture an Annoying
Kitchen-Door Thief.
The pilferer of cupboards has ai last been brought
to bay. The kitchen, the store rooms, the bread bas
kets and the milk cane of the Mission homes will no
longer be visited by the soft purloining hand of Liza
Farrell, at least not for some time, for she fs now 'gaz
ing through prison bars and awaiting the judgment of
the police courts. Detectives Graham and Fitzgerald
discovered the lady at the residence of Joseph F. K.
Carpenter, 550 Valencia street, on Tuesday afternoon,
and she was taken at once to the Seventeenth Street
Station, where she was charged with petty larceny.
"Now go easy, will you," she said to Detective Fita
gerald, as he searched her person for stolen edibles.
"Be careful, will you, or you'll smash those eggs.
Let 'em alone; I'll give 'em to yer, though it breaks me
heart," and Liza of the gentle touch reached into the
bosom of her drees and brought out a dozen of as fine
eggp as ever Leghorn laid. Fitzgerald ordered Liza to
take off her bonnet, which she did very reluctantly.
"Give me back me carrots," she cried, as the turnips,
carrots and other vegetables rolled out on the floor.
"Now, lady," the detective continued, with adaman
tine persistence, "unburden yourself."
"Not before you, sir. I want you to understand that
I will not disrobe before any and all of you. I didn't
rob you. What are you kicking at, I'd like to know,
anyway. Well, if I must, here goes." With the first
garment came a deluge of all things that Frenchmen,
Englishman or German ever dreamed of in his mad
vlsione of stomachic material. There, was a vegetable
garden, portions of a hennery, sections of the pig and a
bit of charlotte russe smeared around by way of deco
rations. Liza was mournful, for all other week's labor
was turned to naught, and there she stood in her de
parted glory, surrounded by the fruits of her labors.
For some months the kitchens and outstanding cup
hoards of the Mission houses have suffered from the
depredations of this woman. One of the most constant
losers is J. Hanna, 186 Lexington avenue. Mr. Hanna
has noticed during the past few weeks an appreciable
diminution of the milk in the can left out over night,
and an occasional absence of a loaf of bread. Being
great of heart, he thought it was due to some poor,
destitute and hungry creature who wished to stave off
starvation by appropriating milk and bread on occa
sions. But— Mr. Hanna changed his tack the other
morning when he went out to thecupbo.ard to get him
self a bone of ham. The, ham was gone, and Mr.
Hanna said something. Pursuing his investigations, he
discovered that what was a well-filled larder the night
before had been transformed into a complete vacuum.
The next night he waited for the poor destitute prowl
er, but he waited in vain. This waiting pastime was
Indulged in for the two next succeeding nights, but no
one came for his bread and milk. The fourth night
Hanna was consumed with a desire to sleep, and. so he
sought his bed. The following morning he rushed to
the cupboard — the pound of cheese, the butter and the
pickles were gone. Hanna is now editing a dictionary
on profanity. He will be present at the trial of the fair
Lisa, the deft and apt lady of the Mission.
NEW STRENGTH
FOR THE NAVY
One Hundred Appren
tices Wanted.
LIEUT. BURNETT'S ORDERS
POSSIBLE PREPARATION* FOR
THE FUTURE.
Renewed Activity at the Naval Ren
dezvous and the Coaling of the
Bennington Considered
Significant,
After a per* 0 * o* several months of In
activity the naval rendezvous at 10 Cali
fornia street had orders yesterday from
the Bureau of Navigation at Washington
to recruit another 100 naval apprentice
boys. whoße service will begin on the
Pensacola at Mare Island. Lieutenant J.
C. Burnett, in charge of the recruiting of
fice, will be ready to-day to receive ap
plications for this enlistment.
This order for increasing the naval ap
prentices and the fact that the gunboat
Bennington is now coaling at this port for
the probable destniation of Guatemala are
looked upon in naval circles as an Indi
cation that the United States Govern
ment Is keeping an eye on ports and
islands under control of or dominated by
Spain; and that instead of decreasing the
navy now at the closing of the war, the
intention is to keep It up to its present
standard of excellence with an increase
in the number of men and commissioned
ships. '
The last enlistment of apprentices pro
vided an excellent class of boys, and
Lieutenant Burnett hopes to secure an
equally good class in the present enlist
ment They must be of an age between
the fourteenth and seventeenth birthdays
and be subjected to a severe physlcial
examination that cannot be passed by
cigarette smokers.
Henry Peterson's launch Amy has been
overhauled and fitted with new engines
and a dynamo and is lighted with elec-
The steamer Weeott. recently length-,
ened twenty-five feet, is having new pro
pellers put In at Folsom-street wharf.
The Iroquois came into port on Tuesday
evening after a fruitless search of eight
SHE CLUNG TO THE CAN.
Mrs. Golding Would Not Give Up Her
Growler Even in the Jaws
of Death.
If a congealed fact proves anything, the "growler"
habit is Invincible, even in the face of death. This
proposition was made evident yesterday during the
wild touch-and-go experiences of Mrs. Golding, who
resides on Jessie street She has tripped through the
lights and shadows of seventy years, and is still as
lively as the proverbial cricket. Age nor indulgence
have cloyed her taste for the poor man's beverage—
steam beer— and be It said in sorrow that the ancient
matron is a confirmed "rusher of the growler."
She started from her humble home yesterday, carry
ing her faithful well-worn tin can and a. nickel with
which to purchased potion of the amber fluid. It was
a case of presence of body and absence of mind. Her
whole thought was centered on the dißtant corner,
where the cool, fat barrels tempt the patron's thirst,
'the rush and roar, the clang and clatter of a great
city she heeded not,
""She was thirsty. Her crying need was beer.
The deadly cable car was hurrying to the ferry, and
as usual, it did not get out of the way. Neither did
Mrs. Golding. When they picked the poor, shabbily
garbed old body up the drawn face was sorely bruised,
and she was insensible to the pangs of pain or appetite.
Kind hands carried her into the car, while the bony fin
gers clung to the can with a death grip. At the ferry
the sufferer was transferred to an electric car on East
street, and still she clung to the can.
At the corner of Mission and Eaßt streets she was'
tenderly lifted Into a stretcher to be carried to the Re
ceiving Hospital. And the bony hand still clung to the
can. .On the operating table, when the good doctor
dressed the wounds, it was the same old story; the
venerable victim still clung to the can. Then she re
gained'consciousness and discovered that the priceless
nickel — the key to the beer faucet — was lost — and her
grief was deplorable. The battered face, the aching
bones, the torn remnants of a dress,^ were as naught,
for the visions of beer and cheer had vanished in th«
busy street, to make glad th« heart of the hapless
Bweeper.
But, 10, the sweet angel of charity was abroad In the
land in the person of Dr. Hill, who pressed a shining
dime into the trembling palm. The old lady content
edly tottered beerward. She still clung to the can, and
when she got home the can was full.
THE SkAlfc FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 18, 1898.
days for the 'derelict that was reported
bottom-up off Point .Reyes. ' ; ' ;: :
Twelve members of the crew of the
steamer National City, which arrived at
this port on Tuesday from St. Michael,
send to The Call a protest against the
statement of J. C. Brown '^censuring. Cap
tain C. Anderson, and declare' that he Is
one of the best of navigators.. . h Th"V also
say that Captain W. L. Locke had noth
ing to do with the navigation of the .-ves
sel, nor was there, any cause for his in
teresting himself In any way. ■:. ..
. Rheumatism, kidney, liver diseases cured. Dr.
Gordin, Sanitarium, 514 Plqp.nr. Kearny.S.F. Cal.
■• • •
WANTS TB.E WILL REVOKED.
Charles Rathgeb Alleges That His
Brother Was Unduly Influenced.
OAKLAND, Aug. 17.— Charles Rathgeb
has petitioned the Superior Court for the
revocation of the probate of the will of
his brother, John Rathgeb. Petitioner
has not heretofore appeared in matters
concerning his brother's will, which was
admitted to probate August 30 last year.
A revocation is asked on the grounds that
said will was not the last will; that it was
not executed by John Rathgeb: that the
latter was not of sound mind and was in
competent to make a will; that at the date
of the pretended execution of said will
Albert Guttlnger was tho sole and confi
dential agent of the testator and had
freat influence and control over him, and
y undue influence procured and induced
said John Rathgeb to make the pretended 1
will and to disinherit petitioner; also that
enemies of petitioner unduly Influenced
testator to disinherit him.
The devisees in the will the revocation
of which is sought are {Catherine Guttin
ger. Maria Hoffman, Hans. Albert and
Caroline Guttlnger, all of Zurich; Albert
Guttinger and Frank Bernasconl of San
Andreas, Emil Rathgeb of Chicago. Ber
tha C, Julius, Henry. Emll. Emily. Ber
tha and Cella Bosschart of Clinton, lowa.
The heirs at law residing in this State are
Emma T. Rathgeb. the widow, of Oak
land; Charles Rathgeb. Napa; Rudolph
and John B. Rathgeb, San Andreas. The
executors of the will are Frank Bernas
coni. Jules Agostini and ATT>ert Guttinger.
John Rathgeb died in Alameda July •;,
1897, and left a valuable estate.
Preparing for the Drill.
From present indications the drill to be
given by the Eighth California Regiment
at Recreation Park, Sixteenth and Fol-
Bom streets, on Saturday afternoon, Au
gust 27, will be a pronounced success.
Great interest is manifested by the offi
cers and men of the regiment, and exten
sive preparations are being made on their
part for the drill, as well as by the com
mittee of arrangements on this side of the
bay. The Mothers' Club of the Christian
Commission will meet this afternoon at
£:30 o'clock at the parlors of the Y. M. C.
A., Mason and Ellis streets, when ar
rangements will be made for the recep
tion and entertainment of the regiment
at the drill grounds. Special rates have
been offered from interior towns by the
Southern Pacific Company.
Big crowds daily enjoy delicious 5c sweet
wines. Sample free with gallon or bottle. Mohns
& Kaltenbach, Family Ltquora, 29 Market «t.
THE ARIZONA
IS TO SAIL
ON SATURDAY
Scandia Will Follow
Next Week.
BOTH ARE TO CARRY TROOPS
THE LATTER TO BE USED Afci
A HOSPITAL SHIP.
In Case Merritt Wants More Troops
the Seventh California Will Be
the- Next Regiment
to Go.
The cloud of disappointment that has
been hanging over Camp Morritt was dis
pelled yeaterday morning by the an
nouncement that General Merriam had
received a telegram from tne Secretary
of War authorizing him at once to. send
to Manila the transport Arizona with the
troops originally designated to go on that
steamer- This authorization is the result
of General Merriam'.s suggestion that the
incomplete regiments now at Manila
should be filled up with the detachments
and ncruits belonging to them and yet
remaining here. The troops that were
announced to go on the Arizona were one
battalion of the Eighteenth infantry, one
battalion of the Twenty-third Infantry
and recruits Cor the Pennsylvania, Colo
rado, Oregon and Nebraska regiments,
and nurses and hospital corps, with quite
a number of attached officers, and Brig
adier General King and staff, making a
total of 1636 for this vessel. It is now
proposed, however,. to take from this as
signment the battalion of the Twenty
third. Infantry, consisting of 400 men, and
the 325 Oregon recruits, and send them
on the Scandia. whit;! at the suggestion
of General Merriam, is to be used as a
hospital ship at Manila, this idea having
been approved by the War Department.
It has also been deotoed t>> have the
Scan.iia carry :'M of the New York Regi
ment and land tjiem at Honolulu.
The troops assigned to the Arizona will
embark to-morrow, and the .steamer will
sail Saturday morning. She will be fol
lowed by the Scandia about the middle
df next week. The Scandia will carry a
large quantity of hospital stores in addi
tion to a general cargo of provisions:
If General Merritt. from whom a reply
to a cablegram of inquiry is now expected
daily desires more troops the Seventh
California will be the next regiment to
sail and will go either on the City of
Sydney or the Australia, these steamers
being now In port, the latter having ar
rived yesterday.
tne Alliance will sail to-morrow for
Honolulu with companies F, G and H of
the New York Regiment.
The steamer Humboldt is being put in
readiness to sail for St. Michael on Sat
urday with Battery A of the Third Ar
tillvry. '
THE AUSTBALIA RETURNS.
Another Transport Arrives From Ma
nila With Seven Sick Soldier
Boys Aboard.
The United States transport Australia
arrived from Manila, via Nagasaki, yes
terday. She brought back seven soldiers,
■some of wh<#n went down on her to the
Philippines. 'Private. Robert A. Allen of
Company B; Private W. J. Shelly. Corn-
Volunteers, lost his reason on the way
down and had to be sent home. His rela
tives live in Alameda. Of the Second Ore
gon regiment. Private William Warm.
Company B; Private W. J. Shell, Com
pany G; Private George K. Brown, Com
pany G; Private Walter H. Dye, Sergeant
Charles A. Bort of Company X, all came
back on the teick list, while Private L. H.
-Joy of the Fourteenth Infantry came
back because his term of service had ex-
Thomas A. Hallett, third officer of the
Australia, was a very sick man when the
vessel reached port. He is suffering from
drnpsy and may never be able to go to
Bea again. Hallett is an old whaler, and
in turn commanded the Herman, Rein
deer Andr-w Hicks, Jeannette and Bel
vedere. Many a time, when whaling in the
southern Beas, did he call at the island of
Guam, and he knows the entrance to it
as well as he dots the Golden Gate. When
the fleet was a day's sail from the Island
n boat was sont f>om the Charleston to
bring Captain Hallett aboard the cruiser.
He was appointed pilot and next day
took the warship into port. He then pi
loted the City of Peking. Australia and
City of Sydney in, in turn.
The boys on the Australia brought up a
great many curios, but the most curious
is a small "black pig. It was procured at
Guam and soon became the pet of the
ship. >
THOMAS TO BE PAID.
Tennesseeans Will Promptly
Repair the Property Which
They Damaged.
The developments In the case of the
Tennessee regiment Beem to have taken
a turn for the better, and such a turn as
clearly shows that Colonel Smith and
his officers not only deeply regret the
unfortunate affair, but are determined
to make all amends in their power with
out waiting for the tardy wheels of mili
tary justice. Yesterday Colonel Smith
sent Lieutenant Fowler into the city for
a contractor, who will at the expense of
the regiment put Thomas' house in just
as good and even better condition than
it was before it became the object of de
struction at the hands of the soldiers.
"This, of course, will do away with the
board of survey, which would have had to
have been appointed by General Miller
to assess the damages," said Colonel
Smith "This does not mean that the of
fenders will not be just as severely dealt
with. Lieutenant Fowler is conducting
the investigation as rapidly as possible,
but there are several facts in the case
that it will require some, little diplomacy
and time to secure, and as soon as these
have been obtained the men concerned
will be punished. Privates X>avls. Ander
son, Clarke and Scruggs are now in the
guardhouse."
TO ASSIST THE SEVENTH.
A Request for These Volunteers
to Be Sent to Manila.
The Chamber of Commerce is using its
best efforts to assist the Seventh Regi
ment of California Volunteers to get to
the front, the following dispatch being
Bent yesterday by President Hugh Craig
of the Chamber to President McKinley.
Later in the day an answer was received
from Secretary Algcr:
To the President, Washington. D. C. : The
Seventh Regiment of <'altfornia was the first
to leave their homes and muster in. Have been
over three months at Camp Merritt. Have' been
repeatedly promised transportation to Manila,
and. now. fear hein^' turned down. California
claims the Philippine expedition as Its own.
It is one of our colonies Jtke Hawaii. We have
hald -up the hands of the administration and
held n"thin£ back from your good self, and
now ask as a special favor to the Chamber of
Commerce of San Francisco that the Seventh
Regiment of California be detailed for Manila
. by the Arizona, now ready to sell at a mo
ment's notice. HUGH CHAIG.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17, 1898.
Hugh Craig: Your telegram to the President
received. We have not heard from General
Merritt *s to his need for tnoons vtafl* the
protocol was signed. R- A. ALGER,
Secretary of War.
War Incidents.
The concert to be given by the Fourth
Cavalry Band to-morrow afternoon, un- .
der the direction of Chief Musician Lit- i
tleton, promises to be a very entertain- [
ing affair. The organization has been
augmented by musicians from the dif
ferent bands now at the post, and will
number over sixty instruments.
Private John Reed, Company I, Fifty
first lowa Regiment, died at the Divis
ion Hospital late on Tuesday night of
pneumonia, following measles.
Major Ruhlen goes to Honolulu on the
Arizona to take the position of post and
depot quartermaster, with the rank of
lieutenant colonel.
The bids for the water supply at Camp
Baker will be opened on the 25th. The
contract will provide for the construction
of a tank, a pump-house and deep-bore
well, and the faying of 5000 feet of pipe.
Lieutenant John O'Shea, recently ap
pointed first lieutenant of Troop L.
Fourth United States Cavalry, but who
has been temporarily assigned to Troop
B, reported to General Miller for duty
yesterday. Lieutenant O'Shea has been
In the service for fourteen years, and
rose from the ranks. He has seen serv
ice in all branches. of the army. His last
PROCLAMATION.
M STATE OF CALIFORNIA, •
• EXECUTIVE ' DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO, July 30th. 1898.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of !
California, at its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January, A. :D. 1897,
, two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of trie two houses of said -Legislature voting
in favor .thereof,"' proposed the fo'iowing de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the ;
.State of California, to-wlt:
-V. :. AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE. .
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
' "UV-" " 41.) ■-
A resolution to propose to the people of the |
Btate of California, an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
! which it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows: - . ,
Section 18. No county, city. town, township,
board of education, or school district shall In-
iJ cur any indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding in any year
! the income and revenue provided for. "for
i such year, without . the assent of two-thirds ,
of he qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
' less before, or at the time of Incurring such
I indebtedness, provision shall be made for the.
j collection; of an annual tax sufficient to pay
: the interest on such indebtedness -as " rails ■
due. and also provision to constitute a * Inl i 1 °«
; fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not ««eea
: forty years from the time of contracting trie
came; provided, however, that the City ana
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
th. unpaid claims with Interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for saw
city and county during the forty-third ana ,
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income ana |
revenue of any succeeding year or years, pro-
! vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane.
alley court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers in said city
and county are hereby exceptcd from the pro-
j visions of this section; and In determining any
1 claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
! statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
. | ner; and provided further, that the City or
| Vallejo. in Solano County, may pay its exist-
! ing Indebtedness Incurred In the construction ;
: of its waterworks, whenever two-thirds or tne
i electors thereof voting at on election held for
I that purpose, shall so decide. Any Indebted-
' ness or liability Incurred contrary to this pro-
1 vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
shall be void.
; AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
, , 1.0.) . .
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the con-
■ stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
i ' tlon, to be known and designated as section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
i viding for th« framing by the inhabitants of
i counties, of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new |
section to read as follows: ■ ■:■■ _
Section 7H- The inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for-tneir
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with, and sub-
ject to. the Constitution and laws of this btate,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years <J"al lfl « d
electors • of such - county, :to be > elected by the ,
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty It snail be ,
within ninety days after such election. , to pre- |
pare and propose a county government act for
such county which shall be signed, In dupli- :
cate by the members ■of such- board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy ;
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the :
i county. • Such proposed county government, act |
' shall then published In two -papers of gen- j
i eral circulation In such county, or If there be
not two such papers/ then in one only, for at
leaet twenty days, and within not less, than
thirty days after such publication It shall be
submitted to the Qualified electors ,of such ;
county at a general or special election, and if
a majority -of such qualified electors voting
thereon .hall- ratify the same, it shall there-
after be submitted to. the Legislature for Its
rejection or approval, ■as a whole, without
' power of alteration or amendment, and if ap-
■Droved by a majority of the members elected j
to each house. It shall be the county govern- ;
ment act of such county, and shall in such ;
case become the organic law. thereof and super- |
sede any existing county government act, and ■
all amendments thereof. | and all special laws j
' Inconsistent with such county government act.
I A copy of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county.
'< and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting fcrth the eubmission of Buch county
government act to the electors, and its ratifica-
tion by them shall be made in duplicate and
<■ -posited one in the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded in the
of lice' of the recorder of deeds in the county,
smon* the archives, of the county. >
T All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government > act so ratified may be
; amended at Intervals ,of not less than two
years by proposals therefor,' submitted by the
i legislative authority of the county, to the
qualified electors thereof, at a general or
special election held at least forty days after
i the publication of such proposals for twenty
days in a newspaper of general circulation In
[ such county, and ratified by at least three-
I fifths of the qualified electors voting thereon,
and approved by the Legislature as herein pro-
vided for the approval of . the county govern-
ment act. ' In submitting any such county gov-
'■ crn ent act any alternative article os proposi-
tion', may be presented for the choice of the
voters? and may be voted on separately with-
out prejudice' to others. "
• It shall be • competent in all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner in
which the times at which, and the terms for
which' the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
he elected or appointed; for their compensa-
tion • for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
: and for the compensation payable . to each of
1 «uch deputies-, ■ for .the manner in which, the
times in which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
ilected or appointed: and for the constitution,
• filiation •; compensation and government of
»uch boards, and of their clerks and attaches;
.lao to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ricted; and may in addition determine the
'< tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organisations may paitfcl-
bate in any primary election. -. -r, ;..
whei ever any county has. In the manner and
method herein pointed out. adopted any county
eovernment actTand'the same shall have been
acoroved by the Legislature as aforesaid, the
SFr^tlons -of sections four and five of this
article providing for the - uniformity of a
system, of county . governments throughout the
! ' ate and likewise providing for the election
i Mid appointment- of . officers., and the regula-
{ tion of their • compensation, shall not apply
i'vi county government act shall, as to, any of
the matters hereintbove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act. not be
subject"- to any law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature, except by amendment . first
submitted to . the electors, and ratified .in the
manner hereinabove set forth.
-AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
lxx " 44.)
- A resolution proposing to the people of the
Btate of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section
»i be known and designated as section five and
cne-half article • six, thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed' new; sec-
VflieMon^tt.^The .Court of Claims shall con-
Section SH. The Court of Claims shall con-
i sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of . every  kind
End character against the State, under such
t laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
its Judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be h«ld as rfol°lr fol-
°In B the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March; ■ „" - --;
- In the City ; and s County of " Ban Francisco,
commencing on the - second : Monday in s July.
In the City •of Sacramento, commenolns; on
- the second Monday of November of each year. |
The Judges holding such term of court : shall
' receive- no extra compensation therefor, but
•hall receive their actual expenses, to be paid
put of the general fund of the State treasury.
The Legislature shall -enact all laws -necessary
to organise such court, .to provide " the ; pro-
cedure thereof and to carry out the provisions
of this section. :' -■ ' T ■ - ■ . . '' :
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
:';>.".:;. -■ -: ••"»" '. No. 87.) •' -; - ', . ;-:
• A resolution to propose to the people of the i
State of California an amendment to the Con- \
stitutlonfof the State, amending article eleven,
by adding a new section thereto, to be known
as section number five and one-half, relating to ,
consolidated ' city . and county • governments. The
' Bald proposed new section to read as follows: '
Section 6H- - The provisions of sections '■ four
and five of this article shall: not, nor shall any
: legislation "passed ; pursuant - thereto, apply to
. any consolidated city and county government."
now. existing or hereafter . formed,; which shall,
have become.; or shall become, organised under
1 section : seven, or secure ft charter under section
•lent of; this, article.. : '£*
duty was with the Seventh Cavalry in
Arizona. ' He was also at one time with
the First Artillery at Fortress Monroe-
New Mining Company.
The West Dred^liig and Amalgamating
Company incorporated yesterday with a
capital stf-ck of JIOO.OOO, of which $500 has
been subscribed. The directors are: s Mrs.
C. Baker. H. 8. Malone, Charles H. Swain.
F. D. Brandon and John T. Bradley.
AUCTION SALES.
MACHINERY AND TOOLS.
THIS DAT (THURSDAY). AT 11 A. M.
SM MISSION STREET, NEAR JIAitNP.
FRANK \Y. IH'TTKRFIELD, GO2 Market.
AMENDMENT NTTMBER FIVE. J;
(Being Assembly ., Constitutional Amendment
" No.-_ 3«.) ■■■■'■ ■ ■ ■ '■.
: '■ A resolution to pcopose to the people .of th»
State of California, an amendment of section
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of tha
Constitution ; of the State of - 4 California, by
, which it is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows: * ' .'•■'''.-
. Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall be
elected at the same time and place and In tha
tame manner as the Governor, and- his term of
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate; but shall
' only have a' casting vote therein.- > - - • •'>•.: :
Section 16. In : case .of the Impeachment of.
i Vhe Governor, or his removal from .office, death.
'■ Inability to ■ discharge the powers and duties
, of his office, resignation, or absence from tha
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
; devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for tha
i residue of the term, or until the disability
' shall cease. And should the Lieutenant Gover-
nor be Impeached, displaced, resign, die. of
become Incapable -of performing, the . duties of
, his of floe, or be absent from the State, tha
president pro tempore of the Senate, shall act
! as Governor until the vacancy In the office ot
• Governor shall be filled at the next general
j election when members of the Legislature- shall
be chosen, or until such disability of .the; Lieu-
' tenant Governor »hall cease. In case of a va-
: cancy In the office of Governor for any of th«
reasons above named,' and neither the Lieu-
tenant Governor nor the president pro tempora
of the Senate shall succeed to the powers and
duties of Governor.' then the powers and duties
; of such office shall; devolve upon the -Speaker
of the Ascembly. until . the office of Governor
shall be filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX. . /.;. :: ■
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
■ •'= No. 38). ■*;-'.- -■ -.. ' '■•
"■ A resolution to propose, to the people of th«
State of California an amendment to Section
six. Article nine of the Constitution of the Stata
Of California, 'relating to grammar-schools by
which it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows: ■ ••-; -.• .
I ; Section 6. The public school system , shall ■ In-
! elude primary and ' grammar schools,, and such
! high schools, evening schools, normal schools,
and technical schools as may be established . by
the ' Legislature or 'by municipal : or- district
; authority but the entire revenue derived from
i the State school fund and the State school tax
i shall be applied exclusively to the .support of
primary and grammar scnools. Grammar
schools Bhall include schools organized in a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one-thousand inhabitants, in
which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
mining or scientific department of the Uni-
versity of California. ...
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.. ' .
(Being "Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34). :
A resolution •to propose to ' the people of tha
State of California an amendment to. Section
two of Article four of the Constitution, In rela-
tion to sessions of the' Legislature, by which it
i Is proposed to amend said section to read as
' follows:
Section 2. ; The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at tweJvo o clock meridian on
the first Monday alter the first day 'of January
next succeeding the election of Its -members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shaJs
in the Interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
Jn session for twenty-five days, after which it
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor mere- than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the ' two houses fall to agrea
upon a time at which they will resume their
; - session, the Governor shall, by proclamation. ■
i fix a date for such reconvening, which shall b«
| within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
| assembling, the . Legislature shall complete Its
j session. No pay shall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
i no bill shall be introduced in either house cx-
i 'cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
without the ■ consent of three-fourths of the
members thereof. • .■ '-' • . --.
NOW. THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of the
Legislature of the State of California, -entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the . Constitution of the-
State of California, to the qualified electors for
I their approval," approved March 7. A. D. 1883,
I the above-described : "roposed amendments ara
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the. .
j State, at thj election to be -held- throughout
this State on ■.-,.•• ■-.. ,t- ■■..--:
• TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8. ,A. D. • 1833.
The said proponed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon ' n manner and form as fol-
lows: B '•"■'■ ' ■■'" • ■
• Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter may express his
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One, being Senate f .
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
(exempting -certain claims against' the
City and County of San Francisco, and
> the existing indebtedness of the City Tes
of Vallejo for the construction of Its
water works < from the provisions of No
. the Constitution requiring such claims • •
to be paid from the Income and reve- .
nues of the year in which they were
Incurred).
For the Amendment? .-'.V.'T.i V
Amendment Number Two, being Senate f.
Constitutional Amendment. No. 18 Yes
(providing for framing ; local- county •
government acts -by. Inhabitants of -| . ..' No
! counties for their government). ,■..,. I .
For .the Amendment? ' 'I! . '
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- f f ■ '
ate Constitutional Amendment • No. I
44 (providing for the creation of a j
Court of Claims to determine claims I Tes i
against the State, and to consist of -I
i three Superior Judges designated by } No. i
I the Governor to serve \ without extra !
compensation). ■•: ■■ ■• •■,:.- J-
For the Amendment? »■**•*<•*• l't '■'
Amendment Number Four, being > As- f;
sembly Constitutional 'Amendment "
No. 87 . (exempting consolidated cities Tes
' and : counties, organized or to. be or-.
• ganized. or holding a charter un- No
. der the Constitution, . from certain leg- , ; . ■- \.
islation In relation to counties).
For the Amendment? ' " t' '
Amendment . Number Five, being As- ,
sembly Constitutional Amendment •:
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor, Tea
providing for succession thereto in '"
certain cases and removing dlsabllty - No
of Lieutenant Governor ■ from holding ■-
; Other office during term).- * ■:.-.. :.
1 For the Amendment? ; .■■. '. i".-
Amendment Number Six, being Assem- '.
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 38 . Tes '
(relating -to and -■■ denning Grammar- - —
■ Schools). .'. •: • v . - '■' • '■ '■ - ■■ No
For the Amendment? ■..- • , '■--,
Amendment Number Seven, . being As-
., sembly Constitutional Amendment :•. '
No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Tes
Legislature for not lees than thirty .^
nor more than sixty days during each , No
session). •■ . ■ V *.' , -;-'.
For the Amendment? . I. .
• Witness 'my hand and the Great Seal of. the -|
State" of California, the day and year 1 herein -.
first above written. ■ - •' ■ ■••■' : :- '•
■JAMES H. BUDD. Governor.
: 'Attest: L. H. BROWN. Secretary of Stata.
fSEAL.] :-' ' ■■-- "■■ -;--•- . .■•;..^.<' 
y^*^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
InHrJH 625 HEAKXV ST. Established
fef*il*^BKt in 1834 for the merit of I'rlvute
» JJtt*s2fS Dlseiiseu, Lost Manhood. Debility or
fcaiv^wiv? dlseiiso wearing on bodyand mindnnd
JSB3aB»S Skin Diseases. rbedoctorcurcriwh'Mi
j^jßJM| ' W others full. Try him. Charges low.
EsiS2fiHij2a2 (tirraKuaranlrrd. Cull orwrlte.
X>r. J. 1-". uIBBONi Box 1937, San Francisco.
BAILEOA]) TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sauaalito Ferry. ". ..'■..:
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
' WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. »S:00, •3:30, 11:00 a. m.;
•1-45, 3:20, 4:00, 5:15, »6:00, 6:30- p. m. - • -■"
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays, Saturdays ; and Sundays at 11:34
P 'SUNDAYS— •5:00, »10:00, ' 11:00, . 11:30
a. m : 1:00. *1:45. *2:30. *4:00. '.:30, 6:45 p. m.
. 11:00 a. m.doe« not-run to San Rafael Sundays.
6 30 p. m does not run to Mill Valley ■Sundays.' 1
Trains marked • run to San Quentjl'.
FROM • SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, •5:35". 7:55. 8:25. *9:5«
a m : *12:20, 2:10, *8:40, 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA - TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. .■ ' ; -■•:
SUNDAYS— 7:OO. »S:00, •9:46. »10:45. »11:«
am-: 1:00, 2:20,- *3:30, :IS . •6:00. '7:00 p. m. . v
Trains marked • mart from San Quentln. ■; ■■■»
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
■ WEEK DAYS— 6:4S, 6:45. ■ 7:55, 8:43, 10.
a. m. : 12:40, 2:25," 3:55. 4:55, 5:20 p. m. • -• • -.■. *
■ EXTRA • TRIPS- v on -Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p.. ; m. • >• ;■ ■■■■ ■
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00, 11:10 a. m. : 12:08. -1:20,
2-40, 3:55, 5:80, 6:30 p. m. - ■ ;
. ;. :. ; v . • THROUGH TRAINS. ?
7:00 a. m. week days— Caxadero and way sta'ns.
8:20 p.m. Saturdays — Cazaderoand way sta'n*.
5:15 p." m. week . days . (Saturday '■ excepted) —
■ ; males and way stations. ' . • - • . ' :
8:00 a. m • Sundays— Caaaaero" and- way \ sta'ns. -
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point R«y.es and way ita'at,
..■■ -• ■■ ■ -*■ .■• - "" " . .. ,
BAILBOAB TBAVEZi. "
sovTiiKKN ■ I'A€II'IC coMMJnr.'j'
(PACIFIC- system.) .-•'-.../
Trains learc nn<i nre <lv« to arrive ••
MAN riUNC'INVO. ---
• (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
t,e*v« — From July 10. 1§98. — . akbitb
•ti:OOA. Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... »8:43 a
7 iOOa Benicia. Suisun and Sacramento.... I 10:43 a
7:OOa MarjsTiUe, OroTilleand Redding »1» i •
Woodland , ' '? : *S P
7:OOa Elmira. Vacaville and Runisey...... »:43p
7:30 a Martinez, Han Ramon, Vailejo. Naps, „ "
Calliitogra aud Santa Rosa 2 1.
8:«0* Atlantic Express. Ogiloii and Ka»t., ■«*&*
i»::h»a San Jose, Stockton. Valley (Spring,
■ lone, Sacramento, Marygrille, '■, -''
Chico, Tehama and R«'i Bind.... i'!ij*
«:3Oa Peters, Oakdale»nd Jamestown.... ■ ''•»'
6 »:30a Milton : # 7«1»P
»:««a New Orleans Kxpreia. Merced, Fres-
no, Itakersti.-M. .Santa Barbara. . ' .'
I,oa Anne-leu. Denting, El Paso. ■. .
New Orleans and Eftßt... s:. «i4sp
IO:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations \ 7:45p
•I:OOr Sacramento Ui»er Steamers 2*??*
:...".... San Jose, Niles and Way Stations...
2:00p Livermore, Meudota, Hanford and • '' _
VUaIU « !la *
LiTermore, San Jose, Nlles and Way ■ ■ m
Stations JIOiISa
4:00r Martiu«ME, Han Kamoti. Vallejo,
Napa, C*liatoga, HI Verano and
Santa Uo»a ••• •««•*
4:0 Or Benicia, VacaTllle, Woodland.
Knißlits Landing, Marj»»ille. Oro- j^_
i •'•' Tilie aud Sacramento..... " 'S'Ti*
. 4:30p Nlles, San Jose, Tracy »nd Stockton '" * <•
4:30p Stockton and Lodl :... ia»l3f
• 4:3 Up Lathrop, Modesto^ Merced, Fresno,
. . Mpja»e, Santa Barbara sad I'OS •'_
AiiKeles.', •• •• '- *•"'**
4:30p Martinez. Merced -.(Raymond for ■
> Yosemite)andFie«no - l»il»»
■ 4i»op Santo IV Route. Atlantic Kxprees -■
forMoJa»e ami Kaat.... .:..:..'.. • • S j4 * f
6.-<M>p European Mail, Ogdei. and Kast.... »=••*.*
•«:OO p Va11ej0.....;;;.................."- ■ I 2 i5 1 '
, 6:OOi> Haywuruß. Nile* anil San .I<we .7?. 7 ?, 45 *
■ J7:oop Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Bta- .-' •
U0n5......;.."..: '.:.:...:...::i |»i«3»
1 Bxoor Oregon Hx press, Saorams»lv, Marys- ;
- ville. Reilclin*. Poit.Hiid. Fu|«» -
.5.,.. :; . l Rll.l Kant .. A
' SAN LIUNIMtO AM) lIAYWAKDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 Uclros.-. Seminary Park, f .J I ]**
8:00 a Jitcliburr, Klmhurst, 'Ull^t
,2*22* » n I*»«tidro, South 8u \u*oi
« I-SSa Leandro, &t«dlll<», H^
♦rI:««M '\' Lorenzo, Cherry ■ . n>43p
* .:»:oop . * .'■■ **& m 12 : 12 F
3:OOp ' -Hftjrwardil. ■--:, «s:*ap
7:«0p "I Runs through to Nile*. ' ;7»48p
J t FromNlleß. -" " I'-'* ' .
. - --..COAST lUVISION (Narrow Usage).
; • » (Foot of Market Street.) • ' '
t?:4SA Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cms'
• ' and Principal Way Stations .... JBtW»
Newark, Octerville, San ton. -■ ; : t,'/ v
' ; • Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
!.'..-•• Statiooa .'.... •.....".;..... .".BlSO*
' •2tlSp Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
. Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek, .
...^t).. Sairta Cruz and ■ Principal • W*J ■
<;i . .::• Stations '.. " 1 5?5J A
' 4:13p San Jose, Glenwood * Way Stations »:«©A
o4 il 3 p Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz ..-...-. J»:»(»a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIX IKISCISCO-Foot or Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:03 *2:00 13:00
: •1:00 . 15:00 •6:oor.ic . .•■ ..:: .-.
from OUUSB— Foot of JBrosdwsj.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 i.M.
' tl2:00 ' »l:00 t8:00 *3:00 14:09 *B:oor,it.
" COAST DIVISION (Broad Range).
..- (Third and Townssn* St«.) . .
•7:OOa San Jose and Way Stations (New -.--•• -
■. , Almadpn Wednesdays only) lt3ov
t7:3OA Sunday Excursion (or ' San Joss, <•■:-
Santa Cruz, Pacifio ■• GroTe aud --
■ • Principal Way 5tati0n5.... „'......., JBi»3»
. 0:OOa Kan .Joßa, Tree Finos, Hanta Cms, ■■■■--■■■
Pacilic Grove. Paso Robles, Ban ■ ■
■ ' Lulu Oblspo, Guadalupe, Surf and -- -
• ■- ■■-"•.-" Principal Way Stations.'.....-...,.':'. ««l«f
IO:4Oa San Jose and Way Stations «SiOOa
11:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations-. ; •SiSSa
•2:«pSan Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
■ > Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Han .lose, .^.
' " Gllroy. Hollister, Santa Cruz, ; .
BAlinas. ' Monterey and Paclflo ■■ ' -
Gr0re............ MOJ36A
•:i:H«»p San Jose and Way Stations...; •ll:«MU
•4:1.1p San Jose and Principal Way Stations , 9:43 a
*3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations oi33a
! 3:»0r San Jose aud Principal Way Station! S:3or
j 0::i»p San Jose aud Way Stations 7i3Op
I tll;43i' Bau Jose ami Way Station*., 7i3op
A for Morning. I P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. { Sundays only ' 1 Saturday* only
j Sundays and Mondays. ■ ' ' a Saturdays and Sundays.
' ' •-. .-.•-.■ •..- ■:.: .-. : . .. . -, :v :, _. X
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
; RAILWAY COMPANY. -
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
: BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEIj.
i . WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:00, ' 11:00 "a. m.. 12:35.
3:30, 6:10, 6:30. p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. . Saturdays— trip* at 1:5s)
and 11:30 p. m. l«" .<
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:80. 11:00 a. m. 1:30. 2:80,
. 6:00, 6:20 p. m. ■■- ' -
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN i FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.: 13:45.
3:40, 5:10 p." m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
, SUNDAYS— B:I9. -9:40, 11:1» a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and . Scnuetzen Park
same schedule as above. -
; : Leave '■ Arrlva /■
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
I ■ ; June 29, ■
Week I. Sun- 1898. Sun- I Waek
Days. I days, i Destination. days." | Days.
7:33 am 8:00 am Novato, > 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:3opm 9;3oam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:25 ana
' 6:10 s:oopm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:23 Dm
. .- .■' -' Fulton, •".-.. .::"■
7:30 am " ■ Windsor. "■':: '.}'. 10:25 am
•'- ■ • Healdsbure. - A,"' •
. Lytton,
Geyserville,
8:30 8:00 am Cloverdale. -. 7:35pm . 6:32 pm
7:3oam| "' ' j Hopland and 1 '■ ' 110:25 am
3:3o pm| 8:0Oam| Uklah. [ 7:3s pm| 6:22 pm
: 7:30 am . . .I - «' : •■ ' • -•" 10:25 am
8:00 ami Guernevllle. 7:35 pm . ->-
8:30 pm | ' • ' " 6:22pm
7:30 am S:ooam| Sonoma [10:40 am 8:40 am
I ' and , ■■"".:•' ■■'•'■
j 6:lopm s:oo pm| Glen Ellen. | 6:lopm 6:23 pm
7:3o ami 8:00am| S«bastopol. 110:40 am|10:l5,am
! . «:80pm| s:Qopm| : ■■:■■' I 7:3s pm|. 6:2? pa
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skagss. Springs; at Clovepdaje for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland ' Springs, • Kelseyville, ,■ , Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
: Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, rßluer Blue Lakes, Laurel Deli Lake, Upper
Lake Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
■ side, Llerley's, Burknell's, Sanhedrln Heights.
Hullvllle. Booneviile. Git's Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg, Weatport. Usal.
Saturday to Monday , round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
: beyond San Rafael at half rates. , . .
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bld«.
FOSTER, ■■■:'■" ' R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
1 _ — — —
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY -
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cap*
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
." ~'. • Run on the Following Time" 1 ; -
t^ave SanFranclsco.4:3o p.' m., S.M.T.W.T.F.B.
Arrive Denver ......6:00 p. m.. W.T.F.B.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City..7:oo a. m., T.F.9.9.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis 6:16 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive * Chicago.:..::.^ :00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T,W.
i HARVEY'S piNING-ROpMS
Servo Superior Meals at Very Rcusoo-
i. ' j*j.:L'":i ; able J :^k : -^-''iP^
.'YOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE TQ)
• , • . • r . . - If You Travel . on . the Santa Fa,
Sill FRANCISCO TO. OFFICER— riZB 1 MSHKET ST,
" •' TELEPHONE MAIN 153 L ' ;>
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway. .../ - V
* Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street. •-.
• . : San Jose Office— 7 West Santa -Clara Si.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. ■- !
; From'Jsne 1, IS9B, .trains will run as follows:
• : South-bound. •> . ;';' '._ ! „>. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. ' * :1 ' Mixed,' l Passen-
ger, -• Sunday ' Sta- Sunday i ger.
Daily.- • Exc'pted • tlons. Exc'pted Dally.
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:46 p m 6:40 p m
9:10 am 12:50 pm  Merced 12:50 p m 3:53 p m
' 10:40 a m 3:50 p m Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11:35 am 6:45 pm > Hanford - 7:45 aml2s p ra
, 2:45 p m 11:50 pm • B'k'rsfld 2:30 a m 10:15 a m
12:05 pm 7:50 pm Visalla 6:40 a m 12:55 p m •
-Stopping at intermediate points as required. -■•'■,
Connections— At. Stockton with steamboats of
■California Navigation .and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving ' San Francisco and Stockton at •
' r'. m. daily; a] Me.rc«liwlth stages to and from
Snellings, Coulterville, .Yosemlte. etc; .also
'With stage from Horn .Mariposa. etc.; at
Latkershlm with stage to and from Mad«r»,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
- -. ■ (Via. Sausallto Ferry.) - *
; Leave ! San Francisco,, commencing May 1.
1898 : < ■-.•- : - . ■ ,/' " " ; . - '-, ■• :■
i' -Week Days— o:3o a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m. -
. ; Sundays— 9:oo, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
2:30 p. m. - ■ " -■*:-:':•
Round trip -from Mill Valley,- IV ,*_: ■_ ■• \ '■ ■ . -
'• . THOS. * COOK & " SON, Agents, 621 'Market •
I street, gaa Francisc*} . .
1314
BRIGHTON AND
COLLATERAL
Make a Dead Heat of It
at Aqueduct.
MAXIMO GOMEZ VICTORIOUS
HER OWN MORE THAN HOLDS
HER OWN AT A MILE^
Favorites Fare Well at Hawthorne.
Verify a Big Surprise at St.
Louis — Tommy Burns on
Three Winners.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
NEW" TOIIK, Aug. 17.— There was some very
«xcltlng racing at Aqueduct this afternoon,
and In the first event Brighton and Collateral
ran a dead heat and divided the purse. Spen
cer of California carried off the jockey honors,
with two wins, and James and Moody did very
well Maher did not pilot any horse 9 to-day,
hence there was a chance for the other DoyM
to distinguish themselves.
First race, selling, cix furlongs:
"xarac and V.Viuht. Jockeys. V %. Str. Fin.
Brighton, 109 Gatewood 0 0 3 tl
Collateral. 107 Coylle H4 1% IVi tl
Ten Spot, 98 Moody 3 3 2 3
•Decide. 1W Cunningham 2 2 0 0
tDeod heat. Purse divided.
Time 1-16. Both dead heaters driving.
Athy 106, Billall 106. Leo Lake 106, Game Boy
Bi, Calculation 9fi and Blissful 98 also ran.
Sausallto odds— lo to 1, 10 to 1 and 12 to 1.
Track odda— l2 to 1, 10 to 1 and 15 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, selling, three-year-olds, one
mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. j %. & %■ Str. Fin.
•M Gomel, 99 Spencer; 11111
. "Woodrangrer, 101 .. James, 2 2 2 2 2
High Priest. 102. ■ ..Songerj 3 3 3 3 3
Time, 1:43. Won easily. Second and third
<lrlving\
Sausalito odds— Even. 3 to 1 and 3 to 8.
Track odds— « to v, 3 to 1 and 8 to 5.
•Favorite.
Third race, selling, two-year-olds, five and a
■lialf furlongs^
Name and Weight. Jockeys.! %. \. Str. Fin.
Ben Viking. 110 Simms[ 2 2 1n 1 n
•Klrkwood, 110 ..Cunningham! 3 3 2 2
Ninety Cents, 107 Songer: 113 3
Time. 1:09. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
. Country Dance 107, Sarony 105 and Loch Fine
gOO alf»o ran.
Sauealito odds — 2>* to 1, A to 6 and 4 to 1.
, Track odds — 3 to 1, even and 5 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, handicap, mile and forty yards:
" Name and Wt. Jockeys. \[. %. Str. Fin.
Kong Acre, 103 Moody* 2 3 3 2 1
Bannock, 12fi Songer| 3 2 1213 2
.. X*dy Marian. 9S....James| 1 11 11 lh 3
Time 1:44 2-5. Won driving. Second and
third driving.
Sausalito odds — 2 to 1, even and 3 to 1.
Track odds— 2 to 1, 4 to 5 and 4 to 1.
Fifth race, maiden two-year-olds, five fur
• longs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys.) %. \. Str. Fin.
■■•The Gardener, 110 Spencer 3 3 3 1
Sister Fox, 107 Songer 2 2 2 2
Heroics. U'T Coylle 0 0 0 3
Ben Blue, 110 C. Sloan 1 Ins Ins 0
Time, 1:03 2-5. Won cleverly. Second and
third driving.
Godfrey 110, Meddlesome 110, The Mascot 110,
Klllarma 107, Wild Furs 107, Conover 107, Nike
1"7 and Subject 107 also ran.
■ • Sausalito odde— Even, 2-* to 1 and 15 to 1.
Track odds— Even, 3 to 1 and 15 to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, selling, one mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeys.) hi. %. %. Str. Fin.
Her Own, 106 James 2 2 3 3 1
Landsdale, 94 Moody 0 0 0 0 2
Kosslfer. 102 Bergen 0 0 0 0 3
• Octave, 96 Songer 11110
•Nigger Baby, 101.. Coylle 3 3 2 2 0
Time, 1:44. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Sausalito O'Jds— 2V4 to 1, 2H to 1 and 5 to 1.
Track odds— 3 to 1, 9 to 11 and 6 to 1.
•Favorite.
"MUDDEBS" AT HAWTHORNE.
Have Tilings Their Own Way in the
Very Gluey Going.
CHICAGO, Aug. 17.— Four favorites won in
rapid succession over Hawthorne Park track
thlß afternoon. The track was very gluey and
It took the short-striding, Ftout-hearted horses
to win. Overaxnl's win was the only one ap
proaching a surprise. N. Turner did the best
work in the saddle. Little McNichols, the Cal
ifornia lad, was on the winner. Found.
First race, two-year-olds, five and a half
furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. | Vs. &• Str. Fin.
•Cheval d'Or. 106 Rutter| 1111
Old Fox, 106 Jenkins 2 2 2 2
Miss Dooley, 103 O'Brien 0 0 0 3
Great Pride, 110 N. Turner 3 3 3 0
Time, 1:14. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
White Pine 102. Nellie Fonso 102, Barrier 115.
Banish 106. Volyothen 107, Vim and Vinegar
107 and Scotch (Jirl 135 also ran. Vim and
Jeft at the post.
Sausallto odds— 2 to 1, 5 to 1 and 12 to 1.
Track odds— s to 2, 6 to 1 and 15 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, purse, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jookeys. ; V^. %■ Str. Fin.
•Bannockburn, 106.. W. Martin: 1111
Satsuma, 110 Thorpe! 3 3 3 2
.St. Alfonses D, 103 Everett: 2 2 2 3
La Prlncespa, 102.... W. Klley| 4 4 4 4
Time, 1:19. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Sausallto odds— 2 to 5, 3 to 1 and 8 to 1.
Track odds— 2 to 5. 7 to 2 and 30 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, selling stakes, mile and a six
teenth :
Name and Wt. Jockeys.; 14. %. %■ Str. Fin.
•Found, 89 ....McNichols 1 1 141212
Cherry Leaf. 100.. Thorpe] 2 2 2 2 2
Brew Lad, 105 Bverett? 0 0 3 3 3
llorte Fonse. 3O7...Rutter| 0 3 0 0 0
Sardonic, 93 J. Woods 3 0 0 0 0
Harry Galnes, 105. Turner! 0 0 0 0 0
Time. 1:53^. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Sausalito odds — 6 to 5. 6 to 1 and 2 to 1.
Track odds— 3 to 2, S to 1 and 6 to 2.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, selling, one and a quarter miles:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. y t . \. \ m . Fin.
■Paul Kauvar. 116. Turner 2 2 2 12 11
Wlnslow, 107 Ellis! 0 0 0 0 2
Collins, 109 Jenkins 3 0 0 2 3
Cains, 102 Knight 1110 0
•wordsman. 110 Shli-lds 0 3 3 3 0
Time. 2:16%. Won handily. Second and third
•riving.
Martin X 105, Muskalonge 107 and Prosecutor
110 also ran.
. Sau»allto odds — 8 to 5, 6 to 1 and 3 to 1
Track odds— to 6. 10 to 1 and 7 to 2
•Favorite.
Fifth race, selling, seven furlongs:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. %. fe. %. gtr. Fin.
Prince Blazes, 100...Aker 0 0 2 2 1
fiybarls, 103 N. Turner 1 1112122
Pitfall. Vfl W. Zeno 3 0 0 0 3
•George Lee, 103.. Thorpe 2 2 3 3 0
Olaln, 103 Rose 0 3 0 0 0
Time, 1:34M-. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Herman Kahn 133, Fusal 105, Proverb 107 and
C. H. Whelan 107 also ran.
Sausallto odds— 3 to 1, 3 to 1 and 12 to 1.
Track odds— 7 to 2, 7 to 2 and 20 to 1.
•Favorite.
Blxth race, two-year-olds, five and a half fur
longs:
Name ana Weight. Jockeys. %. '\. Str. Pin.
Overaml, 105 N. Turner 2 2 2 1
•Charmante, 103 Everett 0 0 0 2
Fardell, 10S Rose 3 3 3 3
Mendacious, 106 Aker| 1110
Time, 1:15. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Fauotile 114, Pella B 109, Defender II 108 and
Bald Ned 107 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 6 to 1, 2 to 1 and 6 to 1.
Track odds — 6 to 1, 2 to 1 and 6 to 1.
•Favorite.
TOMMY BURNS' DAY.
The Clever Lightweight Rider Pilots
Three Winners at St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 17.— Verity's defeat of the
1 to 2 favorite, Gath, was the sensation of the
afternoon at the Fair Grounds, the winner be
ing at odds of 23 to 1. Tommy Burns easily
beat his opponents In the riding line. J. Mc-
Donald rode second to Burns a couple of times
and beat him out on Buckvldere. The track
was In excellent condition, as Tlmemaker's
seven furlongs in 1:26 attests.
First race, two-year-olds, six furlongs:
•Guess Me, 100 (T. Burns) ••••• J
Dandy H, 106 (McDonald) ...-•• *
Thlabe, S3 (Harshberger) ..: *
Time, 1:15%.
Mona B 103. Eugenia S 103, Nan Dora 103.
Black Spot 96, B. O. Fox 96, Bert Davis 96,
Sldtllla 93, La Josephine 93 and Asphode 93 also
Sausalito odds— Even, 2 to 1 and 100 to 1.
Track odds— l 3to 10, 12 to 5 and 100 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, purse, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. j Vi- %- Str. Fin.
Verify," 90 77. . .Hothersall 0 0 2 IV4
•Gath. 92 T. Burns 2 2 lh 22
Flora G 88 Ilarshberger 3 3 3 3
Nick Carter, 104.... Me Donald 0 10 0
Fireside. 102 Lines 10 0 0,
Red Duchess, 90.... C. Murphy | 0 0 0 0
Time, 1:14. Won driving. Second and third
driving. .
Sausalito odds— l 2to 1, Ito 2 and 80 to 1.
Track odds— 2s to 1, 11 to 20 and 100 to 1.
14 •Favorite.
Third race, selling, all ages, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. | Mi- %. Str. Fin.
Imp. King Gold. 112..Gilmore 0 0 0 1
Harry Floyd, 107.. Hothersall 0 0 0 2
Wiggins, 104 ....P. Campbell 2 2 2 8
John Boone, 109. ..... R. Smith 1113
Czarowltz. 112 Caywoodj 8 3 0 0
Time. 1:15. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
•Count Fonso 107, Peacemaker 109, Bridget
107, Gilroy 104. Xallssa 102, Miss ■ Lizzie 102,
George Dunett 104. Elizabeth T SI. Willy How
ard SI and Arline C 81 also ran.
Sausalito odds— s to 1. 15 to 1 and 10 to 1.
Track odds— B to 1, 25 to 1 and 10 to 1.
•Favorite. ," ::■] ;■.;-.;
Fourth race, owners' handicap, seven fur
longs:
Name and Wt. Jockeys, %. Mi- %• Str. Fin.
Tlmemaker, 90.. T. Burns 1 1 lh 11 13
Eva Rice 65 Watson 2 2 242323
The Elector. lOO.McDonald 3 3__3 J 3_
Time, 1:26. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Boanerges 94, •Belle of Memphis 88, Alexan
dria 80 and Belle Bramble 76 also ran. Belle of
Memphis pulled up lame at start.
Sausalito odds— 2% to 1. 2*4 to 1 and 8 to 1.
Track odds— 7 to 2, 10 to 1 and 9 to 1.
•Favorite. ■■''■■ .
Fifth race, .purse, mile and a sixteenth:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. I hi- hi- %.. Str. Fin.
Buckvldere, 10L McDonald 11 11 lh 11 11
Sir Rolla, 96....' Lines 3 3 3 12
•Chas. Christy. 104.. Burns 2 2125233
Time. 1:48. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Sausalito odds— 3 to 2. 4 to 1 and even.
Track odds— 7 to 2, 9 to 2 and 13 to 10.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, selling, mile and seventy yards:
Name and Wt. Jockeys, | hi. hi- %• Str. Fin.
•Imp. Skate, 107. T. Burns 3 3 lllllhi
Maddalo. 104... .McDonald lhl 2h2h22
Gold Ban, 101 Dean' 2 2 3 3 3
Time. 1:46. Won driving. Second and third
same.
Mlrabeau 106, Parole dOr 104, Tragedy 103,
Rebel Jack 93 and Fresco 101 also ran. ,-
Sausalito odds— 3 to 5, 5 to 1 and 15 to 1.
Track odds— to 5, 6 to 1 and 20 to 1.
•Favorite.
«»
SARATOGA RESULTS.
Long Prices Against Four of the
Winning Horses.
SARATOGA, N. V., Aug. 17.— Track slow.
Results:
First race, five and a half furlongs:
Water Girl, 114 tClawson), 0 to 1 1
Belle of Troy. 114 (Howe). 9 to 1 2
Annette, 92 (Taral), 4 to 5 3
Time, l:10H-
Gold Miss also ran.
Second race, six furlongs:
Nearest. KM (T. Sloan). 8 to 5 1
Saratoga. 104 (Clawson), 8 to 5 and 1 to 2 2
Organ Pilot. 115 (Gray), S to 1 3
Time. 1:10 V
Hums, Roundsman and Flow also ran.
Third race, mile and a quarter:
Knight of the Garter, 102 (A. Barrett), 4 to 1. 1
Bon Ino (T. Sloan), out 2
Waxtop, 101 (Gray), 7 to 1 3
Time, 2:13^.
Henchman also ran.
Fourth race, selling, fix and a half furlongs:
Judge Wardell, 91 (Powers), 4 to 1 1
Damocles, 107 (A. Barrett). 4 to E and 1 to 3.. 2
Charentus. 113 (Taral), 6 to 1 3
Time, 1:24.
HampUen and Marslan also ran.
Fifth race, selling, five furlongs:
Flavius. US (Taral). 4 to 1 1
Ree Mitchell. 113 (Knapp). 4 to 1 and 7 to 5.. 2
Sol, 107 (Olawson), 6 to 1 3
Time. 1:06%.
Menu, Hopscotch and Semicolon also ran.
Stake for Mallakwa.
ANACONDA. Mont.. Aug. 17.— First race, one
mile, selling— Daylight won. Miss Remsen sec
ond, Reolia third. Time. l:49^i.
Second race, four and a half furlongs—Rat
tler won. Clare N" second. Quicksilver third
Time, :69.
Third race, selling, mile and a sixteenth—
Dolore won. Pat Morrlssey Becond, Los Prletos
third. Time. 1:55.
Fourth race, the Deer Lodge stake, $1000 five
furlongs— Mallakwa won. Hlmera second Sam
McKeever third. Time. 1 :0 C%.
Fifth race, mile and an eighth, over four
hurdles- Granger won. P F second, Rossmore
third. Time, 2:10'-i.
Sixth race, selling, five furlongs— Magnus
won. Shellac second, ,11m Brownell third Time
1 .06.
BEAN-EATERS DRAWING
AWAY FROM THE REDS
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pc. Clubs— W. L Pc
Boston 67 35 .657 Plttsburg ...51 49 510
Cincinnati ..67 38 .638 Philadelphia 46 51 '474
Baltimore ...59 38 .606 Brooklyn 38 59 392
Cleveland ...59 41 .5»0 Louisville ...39 64 379
New Y0rk... 57 43 .570 Washington .36 63 .364
Chicago 35 48 .534iSt. Louis 29 74 .282
NEW YORK. Aug. 17.— The Clnclnnatis
were again outplayed by the Giants to
day, the game being railed after the first
half of the eighth inning, on account of
rain. Meekin clearly outpitched Breiten-
Ktein, who seemed unable to control the
ball. Attendance 3000. Score:
Clubs— r, h. E.
New York 3 g 1
Cincinnati 17 0
Uutteries— Mfekln and Warner; Breitensteln
and Peltz. Umpires — Gaffney and Brown.
BOSTON, Aug. 17.— The champions
clinched their lead on first place by taking
another game from Chicago to-day. Nich
ols pitched in fine form. Rain stopped the
game after seven innings had been played
Attendance 2400. Score:
clubs— r. h. E.
Boston 6 10 2
Chicago 2 3 2
Batteries— Nichols and Yeager- Kllroy and
Donohue. Umpires— Snyder and Donnelly.
BALTIMORE, Aug. 17.— The Orioles de
feated the Louisville club to-day by fine,
dean playing behind McJames' masterly
pitching. Cunningham was also In fine
form, and but for errors neither side
would have scored. Score:
Clubt- R. h. E.
Baltimore 4 8 1
Louisville 2 6 4
Batteries— Me. Tame 6 and Clarke; Cunningham,
Powers and Klttrldge. Umpires — Emslie and
Hunt.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 17.— The Phil
lies made nineteen hits for a total of
twenty-seven bases to-day, and won from
Pittsburgh with eaae. Tannehill started
in to pitch, but after five earned runs had
been made off him he was relieved by
Gardner, who was hit still harder. The
Philadelphia club to-day released Catcher
Boyle, and the once great catcher left for
his home. Attendance 1524. Score:
Clube— R. a E.
Pittsburg 1 7 j
Philadelphia IS 19 1
Batteries — Tannehill, Gardiner and Bower
man; Fifleld and Murphy. Umpires — Swart
wood and Warner.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.— The Senators
foxmd Carsey an easy proposition. The
Browns played a ragged game. Attend
ance 800. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 8 14 1
Bt Louis 5 8 3
Batteries— Weyhing and McGtilre; Carsey and
SugOen. Umpires— O' Day and McDonald.
NEW YORK. Aug. 17.-The game be
tween Brooklyn and Cleveland was post
poned to-day on account of rain. Two and
a half Innings had been played, and tne
score stood 3 to 2 In favor of Brooklyn.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 18, 1898.
UKIAH PASTOR
IN A SCANDAL
Flutter in the Baptist
Congregation.
GIDDY LAMB OF THE FLOCK
A CLANDESTINE MEETING AND
ITS RESULTS.
Minister Tried and Acquitted, but
Resigns — Now Young and Old
Members of the CJhurch.
Are at War.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
URIAH, Aug. 17.— Trouble has come to
the First Baptist Church of this city, the
largest and most influential organization
of the kind in the county. The cause is
alleged to be the unusual interest taken
in a lady member of the church by Rev.
B. J. Farmer, the pastor. As a result, a
resignation and a church trial, both evi
dently unsatisfactory, have occurred,
leaving the older element of the congrega
tion at war with the younger.
Rev. Mr. Farmer was formerly a sur
veyor in Santa Rosa, and has wealthy
relatives there. He came to Ukiah about
a year ago, after successful pastorates in
Humboldt County and Potter Valley, in
thia county. In order that her spiritual
needs might not be neglected, it is assert
ed, Mrs. E. Smith, a member of the Potter
Valley fold, followed shortly afterward.
For some time she has conducted the
hotel formerly known as the Donahue
No SS t c "long ago the tongue of gossip be
gan to wag on account of the interest
manifested in Mrs. Smith by her pastor.
Two weeks ago a culmination was
reached by Mrs. William Southard, a
! Baptist church member, informing one or
! the deacons that Mr* Smith was known
i to have entered a room lh her hotel in
company with Rev. Mr. Farmer and to
have remained there behind locked doors
fur three hours. This statement created
general consternation, and led to the ap
pointment of a court of Inquiry, consist
ing of Deacons M. W. Howard, Edward
Cox and B. Hutchinson.
A strenuous effort was made to keep
the scandal from becoming the property
of the worldly with excellent success A
secret trial was held last Saturday after
noon, and Mrs. Smith was called to tes
tify. She admitted the accusation of Mrs
Southard, but said her husband had asked
the preacher to see her on account of
trouble in the family. Thr. husband jms
present and refused to testify either way
Preacher Farmer asserted his relations
: with Mrs. Smith to be purely platonlc.
1 and for lack of evidence the charges were
d T^n Se the minister was asked to resign,
and did so promptly out the younger ele
ment the late accretions, refused to ac
cept "the resignation. Jhe youthful con
tingent even went so far in adding fuel
to the fires of bitterness as to try to ha\e
Mrs Southard expelled without a hearing
as a source of trouble, notwithstanding
the fact that the allegations made by her
W What r the d outcome will be is not known
A peculiar phase of the situation is that
| onlva little more than two years ago the
church was enveloped in a cloud of scan
da" over the alleged misdoing of Rev. Ar
i nold IJndsav, p former pastor, all the
older members standing squarely for him
against the younper contingent.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Robert P Wleland to Mathllde M. Shaln
wSd undivided two-fUths of lot >£ line
of Franklin street, 00 >■ of Washington, N
tnn N 34-m by W 137.8: $12,000.
Olga MA. and Ernest F. Tamm to same,
! Carrie. Jacob, Isidore M and
Eva Wolff and Carrie Cohen to Rosa Wolff
i lot on SW corner of O-Farrell and Buchanan
streets S 25 by W SO; gift and $10.
8 Amelia Faktor to David B. Stttor. lot on
' S line of McAllister street. US* « of Flll
"Theodore W. and Mamie E. or Mamie G.
Sollman (Capron) to Madge A. Manlon^and
Tlattte M Kearney, lot on W line of Devlsa
dero street 67 S of OFarrell. S 23:6 by \V: 103;
Sim lot on S\V line of Gravel Pit and Preclta
avenue, SW 180 by SE 300, • being lots 239. ■ 240
and 241, Preclta Valley Lands; also Alameda
Clty y d OP c r ou 10 of San Francisco to Shu
bael B Leavltt lot on N line of Broadway,
309 W of Baker 'street. W »&k by N 137:6; -
Madge A and William A. Manion J. G. and
Hattle M Kearney to Mamie E. Sollman (wife
of Theodore \V.), lot on S line of Page street.
1 35 E of Lyon. E 26 by S 100; also property In
S \"c to?'Kartmann > to Madeline Hartmann, lot
on W line of First avenue (Julian avenue). 125
N of Fifteenth street. N 30 by W 100; also
i all interest In estate of Edward Hartmann;
gift
Madeline Hartmann to Joseph Ehrsam, lot
on W line of Julian avenue, 125 N of Fifteenth
street, N 30 by W 100; $2350.
Cornelius Daly to Katherlne Porter (wife of
John) lot on NE line of Dore street. 100 SE
of Harrison. SE 25 by NE 85; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Joseph
Le--y lot on E line of Folsom street, 215 S of
Twenty-first, S 2:6 by E 122:6; ■— -.
Edward Kerrnlsh (by James N. Block, Tax
Collector) to William Wolfsohn, lot on S line
of Twentieth street, 100 W of Guerrero, W 25
by S 114, tax deed; 125.
Pelegro Lagomarslno to Theresa Lagomar
slno lot 1409, Dupont street portion of 50-vara
lot 374; $10.
Louis and Katharina R. Cranz to Aristtde
Brand lot on 8E corner of Clay and Leaven
worth streets, E 100 by S 35:6; $13,000.
Howard H. and Evodna Hlm«s to Edward
Cox lot on W Una of Eleventh avenue, 175 N
of J street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
Anna G. E. and, J. Sanders Reed to Christian
Holtum, lot on NW corner of J street and
Thirtieth avenue, W 82:6 by N 100; $10.
David Dodge to Helen S. Dodge, lot on S line
of Fifteenth avenue, 50 E of Q street. E 25
by S 92:6, block 305. ON. and H. Tract; also
lot on N line of Thirty-third avenue, 250 E of
J street, E 2." by N 100, lot 35, block 560, Bay
Park Homestead Association; lot on W line of
Carr street. 50 N of Salinas avenue. N 25 by
W 100, lot 3, block 2, Garden Tract Homestead;
$300.
Edward J. Le Breton to John Reid, all In
terest acquired In 1744 d 124, all Interest In es
tate of Ann Cowperthwalte, 17227, deed and as
signment; $785.
Alameda County.
Ashton E. and. Emma Hugill to Max J. Bran
densteln, lot on BE corner of Santa Clara ave
nue and Fifth street, E 34:7 by S 118, Alameda;
$100.
Edward D. Judd to T. B. Draper, lot on N
line of Buena Vista avenue. 100 W of Sherman
street, W 50 by N 125, being lots 7 and S. block
E, Map of 144 lots in Page Tract, warranty
deed, Alameda; $500.
H. J. Balkwtll to Helena F. Balkwill, lots
16, 17 and 18 on Map of subdivision lota 54 to
57, 65 to CB, Klngsland Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $275.
Helena F. Balkwill to May E. Balkwill, un
divided hk lntprent in lots 21 and 22, block 13,
North Alameda Tract, Brooklyn Township; $375.
East Oakland Street Railroad Company (by
commissioner) to The Realty Syndicate, lot on
NE line of East Twentieth street. 110 SE of
Thirteenth avenue, SE 124 by NE 150, East
Oakland; also lot on E corner of East Twen
tieth and Commerce streets, SE 100 by NE 50,
East Oakland; also all interest in lot on SW
line of East Twenty-first street, 110 SE of
Thirteenth avenue. SE 124 by SW 150, block
128. Clinton. East Oakland; also all Interest In
lot on SE line of Fourteenth avenue. 50 NE of
East Twentieth street. NE 65 by SE 100, block
129. same. East Oakland; also railroad, fran
chises and rights of way, etc.. East Oakland
s6o,soo.
Henry E. and Carree S. Alden to Walter F.
Lewis, lot 45, block F, Amended Map Chrls
tlania Tract, Oakland Annex; $10.
Arthur Moffltt to J. H. Hernan and O. M.
Goldaracena. all interest In action No. 12,780,
Arthur Moffltt vs. George Carman et al lot
on S line of Forest avenue, 452 E of Center
street. E 173 by S 102:5. being lots 13 and 14
block P, Bodeley Homestead Asoclation, Berke
ley; $30.
Builders' Contracts.
E. O. Wllkes (owner) with Robert Trost (con
tractor), architects Martens & Coffey. All
work, alterations ami additions, except drain
ing, plumbing, gan Itting. mantels, gas fix
tures and shades f:,r a 2-story and unfinished
basement frame building on lot on N line of
California street, 47:8 W of Walnut, N 45 by
N 68:7%; $2331.
George Bennett (owner) with F. H. Qual
man (contractor), architect James E. Wolfe,
All work except plumbing, Bewers, painting,
electric work and decorations for alterations
and additions to a 2-story frame building on
lot on S line of Sutter street, between Web
ster and Fillmore. No. 1931 Sutter street; $538.
SAN JOSE'S HIGH
SCHOOL WRECKED
Politics Has Virtually
Destroyed It.
EFFECT OF SMITH'S REMOVAL
PUPILS WILL FOLLOW HIM TO
SANTA CLARA.
Many Residents of the Garden City
Contemplate Moving in Order
to Be With Their
Children.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug.l 7.— lnterest Is increas
ing in the High School troubles as the
time for opening the school approaches.
August 29 promises to find our new High
School practically empty. Of over 300 pu
pils in attendance last year, not over 100
will put in an appearance.
At the Santa Clara High School, to
which Professor Smith has been elected
principal, over 150 pupils will attend who
have been attending the school here. The
Santa Clara School Trustees have made
all preparations to receive the increase.
School rooms have been fitted with the
best school furniture and the gymnasium
has been turned into a laboratory, which
Is as well appointed as any on the coast.
Not only has the city Board of Educa
tion wrecked our High School but their
acts have been the means of driving
thousands of dollars away from San Jose.
The dismissal of Professor Smith has Ir
reparably injured the High School. Prin
cipal A. E. Shumate, Cornelia B. Farley,
Mrs. Pillot and Mrs. Sawyer are also se
verely criticized by the people, for it was
the Jealousy of these persons thart was
the prime cause of Smith's removal.
Santa Clara made a great popular move
when It elected Smith principal of its
High School. The town is experiencing a
boom through its school. Families who
lived in this city so as to educate their
children. ln our schools have moved there,
and Santa Clara real estate agents are In
daily receipt of letters asking for empty
houses.
The tuition at the Santa Clara School
has been placed at $1S per year for one
or $30 for two members of the same
family. A fund is being raised In this
city to pay the tuition of the students
who will a"ttend. Charges of immorality
in the faculty of the local school are
openly made, and the people of the city
prefer to have their children go else
where. The committee having the fund
in hand is meeting with great success.
Last year San Jose received $2607 as
tuition from students living outside the
city, but this year Santa Clara will re
ceive this money. All pay students who
attended here will surely go to Santa
Clara.
Professor Smith was the best teacher
ever employed in the San Jose High
School. This is best evidenced from the
standing his pupila attained at the uni
versities. To satisfy the dictates of
"Boss" Rea the city Board of Education
dismissed him. The pupils have solemn
ly declared they will not attend the High
School next year. Their parents and
the better element of the city are back
of them, and the new High School will
present a deserted appearance at the be
ginning of next term.
Professor Smith has received all kinds
of propositions from our citizens, who
are almost a unit in denouncing Rea and
the school board for the parts they play
ed in the matter. A dozen or so of the
most prominent and influential people
in the city wanted Professor Smith to
establish a university school here. They
offered him all the capital needed. The
plans were to lease the magnificent prop
erty formerly belonging to Mrs. Murphy-
Colombet, on Fifth and William streets.
The place would make an ideal school.
Winners at Windsor.
DETROIT. August IT.— Weather cloudy at
Windsor; track fast. First race, five furlongs—
Prima won, Violet second, Mary Prather tiiird.
Time, 1:15.
Second race, five furlongs— At First *on,
Meander second, Fred Perkins third. Tttne,
103.
Third race, mile— Miss Gussie won, Cogrn.>)Blj
second. Old Saugus third. Time, 1:40%.
Fourth ruce. five furlongs— Semper Ea-lem
won, SprinKwell second. Rena Campbell third.
Time. 1:02. „ „
Fifth race, handicap, steeplechase, full course
- Brother Hf>b won, Roaeberg second, Jim lvlel^
third. Time, 3:3*.
Death of Thomas M. Jewett.
Thomas M. Jewett, who up to a few
months ago had been for thirty-four
years chief clerk in the office of the
United States District Attorney, died last
night in the State Insane Asylum at Ag
news.
The deceased was smitten with pa
ralysis about a year ago while on a
vacation In Chihuahua, Mexico, and was
never able afterward to discharge the
duties of his office. He had lost the power
of speech, and though able to move about
seemed to be unable to care for himself.
Recently he became blind and morose,
and was quietly committed to the insane
asylum. The deceased leaves a widow
and four children.
Grand Larceny Alleged.
Minnie Buchlar, 231 Kearny street,
swore to a complaint in Judge Oonlan's
court yesterday for the arrest of Edward
Wyman on the charge of grand larceny.
She met Wyman a few days ago, and,
she alleges, he stole a diamond pin and a
diamond ring from her.
The Railroad Case.
Virgil Bogue testified yesterday In the
case of the Sotithern Pacific Company
vs. the Railroad Commissioners: as to the
value of the property of the railroad com
pany He said that the valuation made
by the company was correct.
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING PATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, Aug. 17.
Br ship Waterloo, Fellows, 3S days from
Newcastle N. S. W.
Ger ship Marie Hnckfeld, Kruse, 27 (Jays from
Honolulu.
NEW YORK— Sailed August 17— Stmr Majes
tic for Liverpool.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed August 17 — Stmr
CephaJunla. far Boston.
SOI 'THAMPTON— SaiIed August 17— Stmr
Saale, for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived August 17— Strnr Trave,
from Bremen.
BOULOGNE— Arrived August 17— Stmr Am
sterdam, from New York.
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until it o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
61R Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
gtreets. open until 9 o'clock.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. S4 (SO cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the company,
327 Market st., on and after Thursday, Sep-
tember 1, 1898. Transfer books will close on
Friday, August 26, 1898. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 68 (50c per
share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company 327 Market St., on and after Satur-
day. August 20. 1898.
Transfer books will close on Saturday, Au-
gust 13, 1898, at 12 o'clock m.
K. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. • '..:*'.
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _/%^
EVENING, August IS, at 7:30 o'clock. ]&J\
.First degree. By order of the Master. / ™ >
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M., •
Masonic Temple— Called meeting THlS_#\_
(THURSDAY) EVENING at 7:30 J\J\
o'clock. 2 D. All sojourning brethren ■;*
are invited. By order of -
THOMAS L. HILL, W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of South San •
Francisco Lodge No. 212, : F. and A. _*%_
M., .are. hereby notified to assemble at J%^\
the lodge room THIS DAY (THURS- I
, DAY, at 1 o'clock p. m., for the purpose of
conducting the funeral of our late brother,
Past Master FRANCIS A. BARRETT. By
order of the W. M. E. C. HARE, Sec. .
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212. F. -. • • -
and A. M., meets THIS EVENING, at
7:30 o'clock, for second degree. By or- J\J\
dor of the Master. '-~ .
' E. C. HARE, Secretary.
WILDE Y Encampment No. 23. I. O. O.ft /g
F.-Regular meeting THIS (THURS- V"
DAY) EVENING at 2668 Mission St. -/\
A resolution to move to Odd Fellows • X
building will be considered.
T. R. MORSE. Scribe.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155. I. O. O. ogjtijlUlfrg;.
P.— There will be a double Inltia-ig2»gKC^
tion THURSDAY. August 18. ~~&&*&^
Visiting brothers Invited. .-Sin
J. STEVENSON, N. G.
WM. H. CLAUSEN. Rec. Sec.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
Pacific Undertakers will take place at the
office of the company, 777 Mission street. San
Francisco, Cal., TUESDAY. August 23, 1893.
at 8 o'clock p. m., for the election of direc-
tors for the ensuing term and the transaction
of such other business as may come before
It. Transfer books will close Friday, August
19 1898, at 4 p. m. By order of the board ,
of directors. M. C. GORHAM. ■ Secy.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Crfll. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
paid.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants elected for $4; collections made;
city: or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 6580.
ROOMS papered from $2 60; whitened, $1 up:
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 3d.
SITUATIONS W ANTED— FEMALE.
COMPETENT young woman desires situation
as working housekeeper or as nurse to in-
valid or children; best of references; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter at.
COMPETENT Canadian, also English girls, de-
sire situations to do cooking and housework.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged woman;
a good cook and laundress; would do house-
work; city or country; can give reference.
Call at 16 Willow aye., near Larkln St.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged German widow,
without incumbrances, good cook and careful
housekeeper, wishes position in small family.
Apply at 120 Ivy aye. '
LADY of experience and ability would like a
position as managing housekeeper in hotel
or lodging house; city or country. Address
box 711, Cull Office^ .
WOMAN would like a situation, cooking and
downstairs work; American or German cook-
Ing: 5 years' references. Address box W. L.
Y. 05, Call office. .
COMPETENT American woman, in small fam-
ily or housekeeper in widower's; good cook;
references; city or San Mateo. C. S., 127 Turk.
EXPERIENCED woman wants place as cook
or general work In small family. Apply 1131
McAllister st., near Fillmore; no cards.
WOMAN wants housecleanlng or washing by
the day; $1 and $1 50. Address 36C Welch St.,
bet. Bryant and Brannan.
TRAINED nurse desires position to care for
invalid; male or female; city or country. Ad-
dress Hyglea. box OS. Call Office. ._
YOUNG girl wishes to assist In light house-
work" in a good family. Please call at 1309
Stockton st.
SWEDISH girl wants housework or cooking:
references; wages $25; city or Oakland. 267
Lexington aye.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to do
light housework and cooking; moderate wages.
2C4^ Tehama st. -
WANTED — A position by elderly woman at
housework; good cook; best references. Ad-
dress 442 Minna st. -
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged lady to do
chamberwork or as housekeeper. ,- Call or ad-
dress 235H Natoma st. •: ■ . ■
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes to do house-
work or help in -a boarding house; city.., 1149
Mission st. : 10 to 4." - '•
SITUATION wanted by a competent woman as
child's nurse or- invalid child's nurse. Call
1312 Van Ness aye.
MIDDLE-AGED. German woman wishes a po-
sition to do housework or work in a boarding
I house: .wages reasonable. L., box 497, Call.
YOUNG lady would like a situation as dress-
maker. Address 409 Drumm st.
SITUATION wanted by first-class waitress and
parlor maid; city references. Z., box 711, Call.
YOUNG lady wishes to do light housework;
sleep home. Address M. D., 707 Clementina.
COLORED woman wants any kind of day's
work. 162 Clementina Ft., off Third.
HONEST woman wants housecleanlng by the
day; $1 a day. - Address .1200 Larkin st.
PLACE as companion to lady by refined edu-
cated young woman; experienced traveler;
make herself useful. Companion, box 78S8,
Call office.
SEAMSTRESS, holding first-class city refer-
ence, wishes a few more engagements; $1 25
a day; suits, $3 50. 1014 Union st. ■
YOUNG girl desires position as second girl;
private family; $20. Call or address 311 A
Walnut St., near Sacramento. . .
YOUNG girl wishes position at general house-
work. Please call or address 226 Noe St.,
Castro-st. cars, near Sixteenth.
RELIABLE middle-aged German woman
wishes place in private family. Address box
R. M. 08. Call office.
WOMAN with a girl 12 years old wants situa-
tion as cook or housekeeper; city or country.
Apply. 929 Howard St., San Francisco. ' ■
SWEDISH laundress wishes washing and iron-
ing by the day. Address 1137 Folsom st.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do second
work; good seamstress. 142 Eighth st.
GERMAN girl wishes situation In a good fam-
ily; Is a good cook. 142 Eighth st.
YOUNG girl would like a . situation as cham-
bermaid. Call 2009 Polk st., near Pacific aye.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
MIDDLE-AGED Swedish woman wishes light
Work In the country; good cook and house-
keeper. 324 Fifth st. ' ■•
YOUNG Irish girl wishes situation ■ in i respect-
able family for general housework. 504 Fulton.
WANTED — By middle-aged woman to do cham-
. ber work and make herself generally useful..
Call at 734 Vallejo. bet. Stockton and Powell.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. '
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE. /•
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;.
. best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
YOUNG man, Scandinavian, . can . speak Eng-
lish, German," French, Spanish and Italian,
wants situation of any kind In hotel or else-
where. Address 606 Howard St.. -.. . -
YOUNG man with good references desires po-
sition ; in private place as gardener and man
about place. Address E. C. box 9, Call 1 of-
fice, Oakland.
POSITION wanted in furniture or second-hand;
first-class hand in stove repairing/woodwork
or upholstering. 1510 Howard st. £ - •
WANTED — Employment before and after
school hours; ■ good references. Address W.
RAKER. 430 Bryant St.
CHINESE, first-class cook and good laundry-
man, wants place In family; wages $7 or $8
week. W. F., 1006 Stockton st.  .
WANTED— Position as ' engineer with some
mine or factory by a 1 young man of steady
habits; can sharpen tools if necessary, or fill
any place about mine or mill; can give best
of references. PERRY SHERMAN, El Do-
rado. El Dorado, Co., Cal. .: :
RELIABLE man - wants ' situation as valet,
servant, private secretary i or .tutor; aged 50
years ; speaks French. German, > Italian - and
, English; fair education; good nurse. .Address
229 Fourth st. JOSEPH P. GRISON.
YOUNG man wishes situation as driver. or any
: kind of work; quick at figures; good penman;
speaks English, French and Italian fluently.
S.. box 373. Call office. .. , : ,
SINGLE man wishes position as cook In board-
Ing house or hospital; 4 years in one place;
good references. Address box 5381, Call office.
PAINTER, ■ whttener : and ■ glazier, first -class,
wants work ;in hotel or large building by the
month,. or would go as janitor. ; Box 528, Call.
MAN who has traveled will take position here
: or In Honolulu. Box M. W. 09, Call office. . ■
ARTlST— Portraits, , ■ water " color I arid pastel ;
position wanted anywhere. 'Box A. B. .05, Call.
PRINTER, all-around' make-up . and Jobber, de-
sires situation; reasonable. 4 Box 1171, Call. :i"
STRONG young man would like a situation In
furniture factory. Address box F 04, Ca11. ./-
SITUATIONS - WANTED— Continued.
YOUNG man from the East wishes a position
as grocery clerk; experienced. 350 .Thirteenth.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS' 15 Grant aye.
TO I barbers— First-claas tradesman desires en-
, gagement In ■ good city shop or management
of shop in country town: state salary, hours, 1
etc. Address H. L. 1., box 949, Call office. |
POSITION wanted" by a first-class baker on
bread and cake. Ad. 2917 Sixteenth st. : store.
WANTED— as bread baker. J. G. M-,
777. Market St., room 27. , ■ •■
POSITION as , assistant bookkeeper, stenog-
■ rapher and typewriter by young man; nrst-
class references. K. L., box 703. Call.
FIRST-CLASS German gardener, good propa-
gator, can milk, run a gasoline engine and j
take care of horses. Address box 225, Call.
BOY attending Lick School anxious to obtain ,
employment before and after school hours;
wages nominal. S., box 322, Call.
SITUATION wanted by respectable young man
as watchman, porter, stableman, milk, or any
position of trust; references. Address A. D.,
812 Kearny st. , - -. '
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket 200 rooms: 25c to $150 night $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
CHAMBERMAID, country hotel. $15: woman
• to cook on a fruit ranch, $25; cleaning wom-
an, city hotel, $15; neat Irish girl or. woman
to do general work, plain hotel, near city,
$15 > girl for chamberwork and waiting, coun-
try hotel, $15. fare paid. MURRAY &
READY,, 634-636 ..Clay St. . .,
CHAMBERMAID, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. ____^
RESTAURANT waitress and cashier. $6 per
week. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. .
WAITRESS, $18, sleep home. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. '
HOUSEWORK girt, no cooking. $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, Ross Valley, .$2O; Hanford. $20;
city, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, Belvedere, $20; Alameda. $25;
Oakland. $30. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
NEAT Irish Catholic nurse, $12. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
NEAT young girl; $15; light work. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter Bt. \__
REFINED German governess: $25; must un-
derstand music. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter. j
MOTHER and daughter; $35. MISS CULLto,
326 Sutter st. '
LAUNDRESS; $25 to $30. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st. .
CHAMBERMAID and wait one meal; $15.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. .
NURSE: $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK, German style. $35; cook, $30, no wash.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN nursery governness; $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st
AN Invalid's nurse. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st.
COOK, boarding house, city, $25; cook, board-
ing house, San Rafael. $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook; $35. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st.
C R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st., want to-
day waitress, Santa Cruz. $20; waitress,
• Fresno, fare paid, $25; 2 waitresses, Sonora,
$20; 2 waitresses. Redwood City. $20; 2 wait-
resses, springs, $20; waitress, San Jose, $25;
waitresses for Bakersfield, Kern, Visalla and
Hanford, $20; waitress and chambermaid to
wait, Palo Alto, $20 each; chambermaid to
wait. Woodland, $20; 2 waitresses, city, $20;
2 waitresses, hotel, arm work, $20; 2 lunch
and dinner waitresses $20: 5 waitress**. ' new
place, country, $20; 2 girls for cleaning in
lirst-class hotel, *15. C. K. HANSE.N _ JO..
104 Geary st.
GERMAN governess who can teach music, $25:
German or French family cook, $25; cook and
second girl for small American family Ala-
meda. $25 and $20; 4 family cooks. $25; 20
h.msegirls. $20 and $25: houseglrl. small
family, Stockton, $20; 25 young girls for
housework, $15 to $20. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. '
COOK, Institution. $30. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st. - ■ ■ •
COOK, institution, $25. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter at. - . ' - :
HOUSEGIRL, 2 in family, $25. MRS. NOR-
., TON, 313 Sutter St.
SECOND girl, $20, Berkeley. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl to assist, $10 to $12. MRS. NOR-
,-, TON. 313 Sutter.- at.-. -; .*, ....... .. _.;. •...
HOUSEGIRL. $15, 3 in family, no washing.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
COOK, private family, no washing. $30. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter at. .
4 COOKS, German style, $25 to $30. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
IRISH housegirl, $25; 8 young girls, $10 to $15;
waitress, $20; chambermaid, $15; Scandinavian
housekeeper, $15; second girl, $15; ranch cook,
$25. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
COOK, no wash, American family, $30, Bee
party here; 3 German. French and American
nurses, $20 and $25; 3 German, French and
Protestant second girls, $20; 5 cooks in Amer-
' lean and German families, $25 and $30; 12
-waitresses, hotels and restaurants, $20, $5 and
$6 week; 2 chambermaids, $15 and $20: and a
large number of girls for cooking and house-
work in city and country. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— German cook, $35 to $40; Swedish
second girl. $30; American cook, $30; second
girl, plain washing, $20; waitress, summer re-
sort, $20; restaurant waitresses, $5 and $6 a
week; cook, small boarding-house. $30; French
cooks. $25 and $30. LEON ANDRE, 316 Stock-
ton st. . . "
WANTED— 2 girls to learn hair work, mani-
curing, hair dressing. MME. DELLA FAUST.
240 Stockton st.. near Post.
• WANTED— Young girl to assist in general
housework: wages $12: references. 134 South
Broderlck St., off Haight and Baker.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on cloaks; one who
understands operating a Singer buttonhole
machine. Ratner Cloak Co., 933 Market st.
WANTED for general housework. 3448
Twentieth st. : call after 9 a. m. .
WANTED— girl for general house-
work; small family. 2627 California st.
YOUNG German girl to do housework and help
, with children; $10. 1131 Clay st.
GIRL wanted to take care of children. 2912
Clay. St.
GIRL for housework; small family; $10, 332
Shot well st.
YOUNG girl or woman to assist; light work-
small wages. 32S 1 * Rltch st. •
COMPETENT girl for light housework and
help with children. 540 Haight st.
GIRL under 16 to mind baby. 619 Van Ness
aye. I ' •
GOOD waitress wanted. 313 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG strong girl for general housework. 128
Chattanooga st.
GIRL to assist at light housework; can sleen
at home. 430 Eddy st. "
WOMAN or girl for general housework: wa*es
$10. 952% Howard st. ■ -»«
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker on vests- no
apprentice. 9E6 Mission «st. j '.
EXPERIENCED, apprentice on custom coatFl
- paid while, learning. 76 Harriett st. ";
WANTED— GirI to assist in cooking. Call 5199
Mission st. ,
GIRL for housework: can attend school or
live at home. 776 Fulton st.
■
Harrison st.
WOMEN and girls; steady work on fruit and
canning. Californian Canneries Co.. Ltd.,
Brannan st., bet.' Third and Fourth. ,^ '
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit. Apply
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.. Tenth
' and Bryant sts. ;
WANTED— Operators : on flannel overshlrts; a
few- Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS _ CO., 36% Fremont st.
GOOD ' tailoress on coats ' and ■ understand oper-
ating buttonholes. 251 Eighth at.. Oakland.
GERMAN working housekeeper, not over 40;
wages $20. 623 A Golden . Gate aye.
MONEY; on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
: jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS." 15 Grant ■ aye. •
FIFTY ladles to decorate white china; will be
paid r liberally. •-.. 307 Sansome ■ at., room 3.
GIRL about 17 years to take care of little girl.
1468 Page st. . '. ' . -' v /. .-- ' ■ P.: , .-.'■
EXPERIENCED /■ hands to make wrappers;
steady employment; power. STEUER, 416V4
Ellis st. ;:- ;. v ::'■ ;-.•;.: : :■<-■ ■.?'--.--•
YOUNG girl for housework, German preferred;
family - two; -no washing nor windows; $15.
r : 1909 Vallejo st. (
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED Good girl to do cooking: German
preferred; wages $25. Apply 926 Grove st..
■ bet. 10 a. m. and 4 p. m. ,' ' '
GERMAN girl wanted to assist general house-
> work. Call at 1231 Turk st.
GIRL wanted for general housework. ' Apply -
2228 Clay St., corner Buchanan. ■
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: position*
free: patterns, 2sc up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
.. help WANTED— MALE.
M^RrTy~XTrE~ADY^?. MURRAY & READT
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY
s'dal'rymen,"milkers and butter maker 5........
$30 and $2o
9 farm 'hand's.'.' .'.'.' .'.'.'s26," $25 and $20 and found
6 choremen and. boys for ranches.etc...... 2
.....$l5 and $10 and found
•3" day ......Hay balers $3 day
6 men to" hoe beans, etc.......... $20 and found
6 TO THE WOODS AND SAW MILLS.....
18 iaborers for mills and w00d5.. 526 and found
96 woodchoppers..... - "-84 tie makers
$2 50 to $1 c0rd...... ...8c to lie each
Sailor for gentleman's yacht — $20 and found
19 teamsters and laborers, city ■"_■"
$175 to $1 50 day
.'"!"*"."."." .'government work
10 "concrete laborers $2 50 day
12 men to blast and get out rock
" TO ARIZONA
500 men ::::::::::::::::::::
ALSO
3 boys to learn city trade $3 week
Mr. and Mrs. Gorslen please rep0rt .......... ._
3 butter makers and run separators. s3o and $2o
MURRAY _ READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. .
FREE FARE ......;..... ..FREE FARE
36 2-horse teamsters $20 and found
. FREE— FARE— FREE
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WE WANT!.... .COOKS TO-DAY
19 cooks for hotels, restaurants, coffee houses,
etc $55. $45 and $35 and found
ALSO ..............
9 waiters $30,- $25 and $20 and found
Head waiter $30 and found, country hotel
5 dishwashers $25 and $20 and found
Porter, country h0te1..... $20 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
BAKER, country shop $40 and found •
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
MINES...; ...TO THE. .....:...... .M1NES "
36 laborers; no experience required; wages
from $2 50 day; special reduced railroad rates.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. .
FREE .7. FARE ; ...FREE
26 Muckers $1 75 day •
13 Pickers .........$1 75. day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
MAN and wife, cooks. $85: head cook, $50; sec-
ond cook, $35, country hotel; cook, mining
boarding house, $45: head cook, small coun- .
try restaurant, $12 a week; short order cook,
$S a week; night Qamp cook, $35; waffleman, •
$35; cook, boarding house, near city. $45; sec-
ond cook and baker, $35. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
MEAT and pastry cook, $75. C. R. HANSEN .
6 CO., 104 Geary st. "■ " ' -
SECOND cook and baker, $35; waiter, $25,
country hotel, fare paid. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
ASSISTANT cook who can make hot cakes
and waffles, $35, country hotel, fare paid.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
2 NEAT bellboys for a first-class country
hotel, $15 and found, free fare; experience
and references required. C. R. HANSEN St
CO., 104 Geary st.
NEAT waiter, country restaurant, $30 and
room. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
STABLEMAN, $35; 6 laborers for the woods,
$1 a day and board; .10 laborers for a mine,
no experience required. $1 60 to $2 50 a day
and board, steady work; grape pickers, $1 a
day. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
3 RAILROAD tunnel men. $2 50 a day. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
20 2-HORSE scraper teamsters for new rail-
road work in California: free fare; to go to-
day; free fare.. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104
Geary st. .
STEAMER sails for Alaska Friday, August .
19; 100 laborers wanted; see party from Skag- .
uay here; fare reduced. $22 50; no contract
required. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary. .
1 1000 MEN to work on the new railroads in
. British' Columbia, $2 a day and up: fare re-
duced; long Job. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. -
10 LABORERS for the woods. $1 a day and
board. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MARKER and distributor, $12 a week. C. R.
HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary st. ,
CIRCULAR sawyer, $3 a day. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
DRIVER baker's wagon. $26 and board. C. K. •
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St. , . ..: -:■.;
WANTED Driver, for milk wagon in t city, ..
references required.. $30 per. month and found; "
2 furnace men for mine." "no experience re-
- quired, $60; 4 laborers for mine, $2 per day; ;
cook and wife for institution, $60; driver for ■
milk wagon in small country town, $20 and ■
found; grape pickers, $20; farmers, milkers ,
and others; 2 furnace men for another mine,
. $45 and found ; cook and second for Institu-
tion near city. $60. W. D. EWER & CO., 626
Clay st.
WANTED— IO laborers for mines. $1 75 - and $2
day; 2 miners, $2 50 day; farmer for Santa
Barbara County, $25; young man for house- .
work, $15; farmer and wife, $35; men to pull
weeds, $1 day: coal shovelers, 23c an hour;
cooks, waiters and kitchen help. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento St.
5 RAILROAD laborers for mill company, $20
and board ; 2 sandstone quarrymen for di-
mension stone: 20 axmen to make cord wood,
ties and laggings; scraper teamsters and
shovelers for city; cook, restaurant, $35;
hotel cook, $50; hotel waiter, $25; cook, board-
ing-house, $30. R. T. WARD & CO.. 60S and
■610 Clay st. .
WANTED— $50: cook. $40; waiter, $6 a
week; waiter, $35: 3 dishwashers, $12, $20 and
$25; pot washer, - $20; bell boy, $10; boy for
bakery-, $10 to- $15 ; assistant baker, $20;- far-
mer and wife, $35; Japanese waiter. $15: Jap- j
anese cook,- $5 a week, etc. ANDRE'S. 318
Stockton st. -..•;• , . •
ELEVATOR and bell boy, $15; city hotel. HO-
TEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny St. ■
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
• m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1184.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.: tel. Grant 136.
WANTED — Salesman for furniture department;
one that keeps stock; also wrap and pack
furniture. Apply 523 Market St.. room 7,
from 2 to 3 p. m. »;:.:.■; v v ; .'
SHORTHAND and typewriter: bright boy for
business of flee; must be quick at figures;
state references and salary. Box 9469, Call.
WANTED — A boy to learn harness-making; one'
with some experience preferred. Apply to ■
J. DEUTSCH & SON. 1408 Polk st.
MAN with few months' experience in barber
trade; chance to finish trade in good shop;
good wages. Box 221, Call office. ,
YOUNG man handy with carpenter tools. Call ;
from 12 to 1 p. m. at 3214 Turk st. ; weather
strips. :\ .- -
WANTED— Men to sell sausages, hams and ba-
con on commission or salary. Call at 236
Sixth st. - - • -.:
ABLE and ordinary seamen at HANSEN'S, IT •
Vallejo st. ' ' ,
HARNESS-MAKERS wanted. LIEBOLD HAR-
■ NESS CO., 211 Larkln st. ' _|_
WANTED— OId man to drive business wagon. •
.APPIy to H. CRONEN, 231 Powell st.
SPINNERS wanted. Address Oregon City
Woolen Mills. Oregon City, Or. _^
WANTED— 2 good waiters. 112 Fourth st.
WANTED— A coatmaker. Apply to T. KINO,
35 Sutter st.. over Spear's auction room. .
» -
WANTED— Dishwasher. 1024 Hyde St.
WANTED— WaIter. Golden West Hotel. Ellis
street. . "''■"''•'
MEN'S fine calf. shoes to order, $2 50; men'«
soling, 35c; only one price. 959 Howard st.
LABORERS; 20 men wanted for concrete work
near Port Townsend: wages ■$1 75 per day.
with 25c per day additional and return fare
to San Francisco under certain conditions;
must pay fare going; steamer Umatilla, Au- .
gust 19. Full particulars of Pacific Bridge
Company, 4 California st. .
TRAVELING salesman wanted for Southern
California and Northern California . Coast
counties, to carry as a side line about fifty
samples of shoes on commission. -: Address,
with reference. The Hasman Shoe Co., Elk
Grove, Cal. ' . -'-.".
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House,' 2l7 Third st. ; 150 large
r-"ms: 2Bc per night; $1 to $3 per week.
TO tailors — Coatmakers • wanted. Apply at
11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance.
CHARLES LYONS. 721 Market st. :
COAL miners -who have worked In pitch vein
• wanted. Apply, to TESLA COAL CO., room
615. 328 Montgomery st. "
WANTED— At Montana House, 764V4 Mission
st. ; men !to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week. -, '.' *
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. .. .
BOY to work at upholstering trade. . 032 Hayes
street. " .
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
■ Australia. Europe. HERMAN S. •26 Stewart. .:
WANTED— energetic man. Apply 218 Me*
Alllster St.. at once. - . •
MEN to ; learn . barber trade in 8 weeks.. San -i
Francisco Barber College, 138Va ■ Eighth st. --■-' .
SAILORS and ordinary • seamen wanted' at
LANE'S, 604 Davis st., near Jackson." . .-;■■'-':•'% HELP WANTED—Contlnued.
■KfiCRPITS wanted for the United States ma-
' Tirie-"corps. United States navy; able-bodied
■ unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
'.:' SO : years. who are citizens of the United' ■
'' . States, , or those who have legally declared J
intention to become such; must, be of
•••• .ipooxl character and habits and able to speak.
■:••"•' read .-and write Enplish. and be between 5
■ • : feet 5 -inches and 6 feet In height. For further
•,: ..rir.atlon apply at the recruiting office. 20
: '/-KUts'st., San Francisco, Cal.
j'si-NOfLXS furnished, line, large, sunny and airy
- . 'rqo'itt;.*. Ssc night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st. j
.Tuy-.A.-me House, 957 Market St., below Sixth. I :
I ;.for ; a -.room: £5c a night: $1 a week.
\V.A N.'Ti;i.>— To collect wages due laborers and
"... -Clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter et.
• ; SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
• - ■■■•u-«ek... ' Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
..■CJ^i.CHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St., near
•... ■Market; 200 rooms, 25c night; reading-room;
. • :.fro.-»-.'.lnis nnd baggage to and from the ferry.
';•.: U:'..: '.•■ AGENTS WANTED.
.UV ANTED— ladles and gents, all over
: -itfe: .State.; fast seller: big commission. Call
;-. '. r".'n;VH-pss 120 Sixth St.. room 2.
. . , ; ■_:•••"■". %\ KMTI R B M \ Ml.I).
: WANTED— To purchase 3or 4 rooms of good
' second-hand furniture; must be cheap. Box
'•: -"Z52; Call,
■ CASH for fixture*, groceries, furniture, mer-
chandise: sold on commission; reasonable. E.
OOHN. auctioneer, 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
liT BAUM buys furniture and general mer- |
■ ctianfllsc. mr,7 Market st. : tel. Jessie 32. J
":.. : --' HOUSES WANTED.
■ WANTED— Furnished house; central; Gutter
:- et ' preferred for September 1. AJdres-u
■ ■ FRANCIS STI'AUT. box ''"■<. Call office.
■ , FLATS AY ANTED.
'■ -.WANTED— FIat of 4 or 5 rooms; bath; hot
' ' ■ ar-d cold water; north or south of Market St..
'. '; between Fourth and Tenth sts., or south of
" ''-Vost; $12 to $14. Box 253, Call office.
: ; ROOM'S AND BOARD WANTED.
' tADY wants hoard and lodging in home of
." ■ '.-gentle people in San Francisco. D. E., box
'.-§, . Call office. Oakland. ■
V'" ; : . miscellaneous. s
' .WANTED— To rent tents or camping outfit for
;■' • ■ 26. men. Address 741 Howard st.
■ .PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
]' . "• ratus. .• second-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
; :.- ■ : Lodging houses for sale.
• X^KRE^O^^CoT^.Trrr.™MH^E^RY^^
' ■•- .■ MONEY TO LOAN AT LOW RATES....
'= 106 roeros; best paying in city $4200
' ■ CO rooms; apartment; clears $150 3000
'•: St roams;- fine corner; half cash 2000
-,;23 rooms; clears $75 month 850
" • ■ . 80 rooms; two entrances; Market 300
■'••• 11- rooms; Geary; doctor pays rent 650
■ ■ •'•■ '■& rooms;- also S rooms; bargains 225
■' : ■ Others- too numerous to mention. KREDO
- . ';^CQ::.; .
J-'-H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
."•'■'.• 6-room' flat; central $150
'■' 10 . ronms; .corner; very good 250
':..- 24 "rooms;, sunny corner; clears $100 900
• '■ -68 rooms; corner; clears $2.'" 2200
••'• '. 100 others; 2 to 300 rooms; prices $100 to.. SOOO
'•■ .. :8-rcom flat; near City Hall 250
"'75-room house; rent $50 650
• •"•• SEE MY LIST IN THE EXAMINER.
.H. '". DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
: A— Bo ROOMS; clears $125.. $1200
•! . 33 rooms; north of Market st. ; fine 1900
SI rooms; transient; Market st 950
'.", ]."• rooms; select; transient corner 300
14 rooms; fine house; income $50 clear.... 900
= • .40V rooms; elegant; part cash; a snap
•' .'6O- rooms; part cash; transient 1450
'IS rooms: Market st. : clears $200; cheap... S5O
-.-- • ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st. (L. W.
.- ; ROGERS, formerly clerk for H. C. Decker.)
" ETEJJBERG. & CO K% KEARN'Y ST.
. . rooms; clears $70; central..'. $700
.- • B rooms; sunny corner; clears $30 ; 300
;;' 14. rooms; Third st. family house 1000
."/"■IS 'rooms; corner: big bargain 600
27 rooms; owner's 5 years: N. Market et. ;
.' . other bargains. STENBERQ. 26M; Kearny.
"|2o(>— LODGING-HOUSE; bargain on account of
■ :. sfcfcne—. Mclaughlin & co.. 777 Market.
■ HOWARD. 762— Furnished house of 10 rooms for
■;.• sale- cheap; no dealers.
.. • -30- BOOM house cheap; must leave city. 242
'■. . Taylor st.
• '. '.SIUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
' AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
- tame as it purchased for ail cash; bargains
. in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for J3, $4 and
.•':" $5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
- : sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
•_ " Broadway. Oakland.
• -ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER \ CHASE'S,
'« '. -26. 2- and 30- O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs and
: ' all other musical instruments of all grades
'", and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
■■.' "thing possible done to please and satisfy the
■'■ '. customer. |*r r _^
• CLEARANCE sale— make room for car-
"• -.loads coming we will sell a large lot of
' '••' new and second-hand pianos cheap for cash.
••■ Time sales on easy terms. The J. Dewing
.'• Company. 12 Flood building. .
' MARSHALL & WENDELL. $75; C. Hall,
■.'"•$100; Bradbury, $130; Neuman, $145: Sterling,
■•■■'"' $185; Estey, $190; guaranteed: easy payments.
I.- BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. Chlckering agents,
•" .16 O'Farrell st.
' FOR the next 30 days pianos will be sold for
'-. ' cash at almost cc*=t price by THE ZENO
' ' MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.; they
■ •'■.- are making room for fresh stock.
-'.BOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans,
' • ' Brig-gs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
■ : . v no. Interest first year. 30S, 310, 312 Post st.
■" GOOD square Stethway piano cheap. Call at
' '•-.' 20 Devleadero St., between 11 a.m. and 3 p.m.
-. ~j^ jgo- UPRIGHT; $5 installments; other cheap
' '"; : pianos. . 216 McAllister st.
"■ELEGANT new pianos for rent, $2 50 month:
■."..SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes St.
"■ SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
-.' air W C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
' '"AD" smallest; price lowest: uprights, $75 up;
..'■'" . rents, $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
'■ X' GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister St.,
; • next Hibernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
'■'■'■ KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
' ;'• •- LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
: ' SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
■'■"•. ' MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
' - A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly
• • . Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
•-■'.-.. horses.
"J. LARGE assortment of work, draught and drlv-
. . Ing horses, cheap. 145 Valencia Bt.
": 40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
■ '■ "--carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
' ■ -left 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
• :. day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
■•;, CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
: . "■ kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
'.:. . •■ • Yards. 220 Valencia st.
." '■'■: .. ■ WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
'-':• -FINE laundry, bakers' and milk wagons cheap
/.. for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
•■"■ • buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
"• ■ 'SPECIAL sale ;of harness and vehicles. Lle-
;.. ' bold Harness Co., 211 Larkln, opp. City Hull.
'<■:. -... FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
: BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
';-.•.• INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
.."•' FOR Sale— A highly-bred bull terrier dog, pure
•;.'■• white: 11 months old; Al pedigree; a fine
.. : - animal; cheap. Address box 8546, Call office.
.. 'BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
• : texs, linoleum, office furniture, store and
!.. office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
.': ond hand. J. NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
;•;.: . Mission st., above Sixth. - • .
.": : LARGE pipe organ; turns by hand; cheap.
... • -Merry-go-round. Polk and Vallejo sts.
. 'SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
: '. glnea. boilers, dynamos, etc. 516 Mission st.
•- ■ PHONOGRAPHS. $20; records. $5 per aozen;
';: ' " .projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl, 938-946 Market.
' • •3. R. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
■ ' -building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
. ' SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
■ sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
' BARS, show cases, counters, shelving, etc.,
. ■ bought and sold. 1063 Mission st., nr. Seventh.
' ~ SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic. Singer and~Whlte
• -cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
'' *2. MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
■ - . machine supplies. 146 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
''.'ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
V . repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
: . TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewritterß sold and 'rented; few partly
■. used for sale cheap: send for samples and
• . prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
: KEW Hammond, $35: Callgraph. $15; Yost, $25;
. • get sample work. : SCOTT. 333 Montgomery.
BICYCLES. -..-- ;._ '
. -JBIG sacrifice, second-hand bicycles; first come.
first rerved. J. HOLLE, 20th and Folsom aU.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— sSso; cigar store close to the Emporium;
fine location: good business; excellent bar-
gain. , WILKE. 753»~ Market St.. new No. 845
$500— BAKERY In lively country- ..own: baking
■ average dally IV2 barrels; horse, wagon; rent.
$25;. a first-class offer and splendid opening.
WILKE.. 845 Market st.
$2200— CORNER saloon In choicest . downtown
location; kept by owner the last 12 years and
doing; a first-claes paying business; owner to
retire: investigate at once; a very rare
chance. WILKE, 545 Market st.
$1000— SALOON In very best location; close to
theaters, hotels and newspaper offices; a good
class of trade and excellent paying; rent $50.
Particulars WILKE, - 753 Market St.; new
number", 543. ■•.-.-
CORNER grocery and bar on Larkln-st. ;
established many years; known as a leading
and money-making place; must be sold at
once on account of other business investment
of owner. Particulars WILKE. 7S3'_ Mar-
ket st. ; new number 845.
$2400 — CORNER Murket-st. saloon; among
wholesale- houses; finest in Its line; best class
of trade; bears close investigation; trial
given; good reasons for selling. M. LESS,
"'.■■ Market St.. . . ;
$600 — FAMILY liquor store; fine corner north of
Market; old established;- owner owns build-
Ing; will (five lease; more than, value in
stock, but must' sell at "once account, serious
sickness. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
DELICACY store north of Market St.;
old-established ; present owner there 0 years;
a rare bargain; fine' location. M." LESS, 765
;. Market st. •:..,.
STATIONERY, notion and variety store
north of Market St.; 4 living-rooms; cheap
rent; fine opportunity; old-established trade.
M. LESS. 765 Market st. ' -';••. ■ ■
A— s22s; PARTNER wanted In well-paying res-
taurant; centrally located; owner tired of un-
reliable help; trial given to suitable party.
Apply M. LESS, 765 Market St., opposite Phe-
lan building.
$350 — CIGAR stand, laundry office; north of
Market; fine fixtures, clean stock: a snap:
owner has other business. M. LESS, 765
Market St., opposite Phelan building.
A— lo RELIABLE men -wanted with $500 to
$1000 each to Invest in one of. the most pros-
perous enterprises . on this coast: security
given; will guarantee 500 per cent profit; this
week only. KREDO & CO., 22Vi Geary st.
A— BRANCH bakery and notions; also $350
branch bakery. KREDO & CO.
KEARNY-st. cigar stand: good business;
a bargain; must be sold. KREDO & CO.. 22V4
, Geary st. ... • .... .. ■ _
$250— COAL yard; 1 block, from Market st. ; fine
location; long established; horses, wagons;
good business; bargain. JONES & SEARLL,
665 Market st. __^_ ■
$250— CORNER saloon on leading business
street; 4 living rooms; rent $20. Particulars
City Agency (JONES & SEARLL), BCS Market.
$125 WILL secure for bright, enterprising man
an interest In a new commodity: no opposi-
tion. JONES <_ SEARLL, >■).'- Market st.
$2000 — Drug store, best part of city: more than
full value In stock; leaving the State cause of
sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
$250— LAUNDRY route, good horse and wagon.
Mclaughlin & co.. in Market st.
$1600— FINE bar and 40 furnished rooms occu-
pied; best on water front. MCLAUGHLIN
& CO., 777 Market st. ' •
CORNER butcher shop; Western Addi-
tion; does cash business of $20 daily; rent $15.
STENBERG & CO., 26*4 Kearny st.
HIGHEST cash prices paid for restaurants,
saloons, fixtures, grocery stocks; quick sales.
STENBERG & CO., 26H Kearny st. _
$150-^-SACRIFICE; saloon, stock, billiards, fur-
nished rooms; must sell. BASILE, 873%
Market St. . ■
ISNBERG & CO.. 26H Kearny st.
SACRIFICE; salmon, stock, billiards, fur-
led rooms; must sell. BASILE, 873%
rket Et.
$300- : -PARTNER wanted in light business,
where the services of plain, steady man are
'erred to hired help; business long estab-
ished and too much for one man; no experi-
ence required; trial given; $16 to $30 a week
each. Apply from 3 to 5 p. m.. 9 Geary, r 2.
CANDY and cigar store; 3 rooms; furniture;
cheap rent; exchange for camping outfit or
cheap for cash; cause of sale sickness. 528
Third st. . . . ■
ELEGANT store 'fixtures, counters, shelving,
etc.; suitable grocery or drug store;, cost
$700; price $S5; must sell. counters, shelving,
.; suitable grocery or drug store: cost
; price $85; must sell. 1180 Brdwy, Oaklnd.
BARBER shop for sale; must be sold this
week; going In other business; revolving
chairs. Inquire Call office.
RESTAURANT partner with $1000; swell place;
not necessary to understand the business.
Box R P 05. Call office. ■■ ■"- ■ ■
RESTAURANT; just the place for man and
wife; cheap if taken this month. Apply 357
Hayes st. '
DRUG store; owner going East; fine place
for doctor. Apply at 306 Slxthst. - - - -••
OLD-ESTABLISHED drinking saloon for sale
cheap. Inquire 650 Sacramento st., nr. Kearny.
GUS STRAND, 30 Kearny St.; buy, sell or ex-
change business quick; -partners procured.
$250— FRUIT and grocery business, horse & wa-
gon; must sell. 317 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
WANTED — A partner for good" business. Ad-
dress A. 8., box 711, Call office. • '"
FOR Sale, and must be sold— Hotel. 26 rooms;
furnished; large lot goes with building. Call
at 256 Third st. bet. 12 and 1 p. m., get terms
and make off*. Any reasonable proposition
will be considered." . . I
OLD established "barber shop; fine location; no
reasonable i offer - refused. Address Barber
Shop, cor. • Little Market and Bassett sts.,
San Jose. ■ - •__
WANTED— Partner in the photograph business:
good opening for man with some money and
willingness to work. » Box T. W. 08. Call.
ESTABLISHED, paying business at great sac-
rifice: owner going East; small capital re-
quired. Inquire at 58 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
MILK depot; 2 routes, 3* cans; good cash busi-
ness; horses and wagons. Box 23, Call branch
office, 106 Eleventh St. .■- ' >
RESTAURANT for sale; 789 Mission St., near
Fourth; receipts from $35 to $40 per day; good
chance for buyer. . ■ .. ■ ■
FOR Oyster saloon; good location; cheap
rent; bargain. 229 Fourth st.
MONEY en diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
$1500— WANTED, 3 active young men with first-
class references to complete party of 8 for an
expedition to South Sea and Philippine islands;
object trading, exploration and prospecting.
Address box 322, Call office.
A NEATLY fitted up, good paying employment
office; house renting and business opportuni-
ties; price $350; selling account 111 health.
Address Call Office. 90S Broadway, Oakland.-
MUST change climate; will sell cheap or ex-
change for small . improved place In country;
long- established, well-paying hardware and
variety store; center of city. A., box 293, Call.
GOOD harness business for sale; work enough
for 2 men; thorough investigation given; re-
duce stock if necessary. 621 E. 12th. Oakland.
FOR sale — Barber shop; 2 chairs; easy terms;
beautiful climate. American Barber Shop.
San Luia Obispo, Cal.
$800— GROCERY: bar; fixtures; 4 rooms furni-
ture for sale; fine comer. Address C. G., box
70. Call. .., ' : _____
GROCERY and bar; established 40 years; pres-
ent owner 20 years; sickness cause of sale.
• Eighth and Harrison, opp. Recreation Park.
$200 A MONTH— business, doing business
with wholesale houses; will Hell for $2500;
thorough Investigation. Box 1989,. Call office.
GROCERY store and bar must be sold at sacri-
fice before September 1. Inquire LEMLE,
LEVY & CO.. 265 Third st.
FINE barber shop with good trade: must be
sold account sickness. R. M. DONNE & CO.,
San -Rafael. _
FOR Barber shop; established 27 years;
good trade. F. C, box 104, Call office.
LARGE Chronicle route for sale. Address R.
• W.. 617 Jones st.
CIGAR store, cor. Silver and Third: account
of leaving city. Inquire 4344 Third st.
$500— BOARDING house with 11 furnished
rooms- 18 regular boarders; trial before buy-
Ing. Address M. J., box 4. Call office. Oakland.
TO PRINTERS— Job office in Oak-
land; cheap for cash. D., box 1. Call. Oakland.
FOR — Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office. ■
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA SWELL & CO. 'B. 415 Sacramento Bt.
~ ~ CARPET CLEANING.
nTY • Steam"' Carpet-cleaning Work*— Cleans,
moves lay™ carpets. C. H. STEVENS, M_r..
88 and 40 Eighth st. telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send" to - SPAULDING'S , . Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. . Tehama St.; tel, 8. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Butter st;
Si. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor. ;
t mpQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-cleaning Co., 451
Stevenson st." tel. South,22B; lowest rates. , ;
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: rejald at 3c.
BTRATTON. 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.; cleaning 3c yard; tel. Mission 74. - - •
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 833 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 186.
** — —^^^^^^™
~~ TO L.EASE. . - '-'■ . _..^
THEToId bullbinK'*"oT"lthe'" Y. M. C. . A.. ' 232
Butter St.; long lease; very low terms; can
be rented aa a whole or in divisions; largo
. and splendid location i^no reasonable rent re-
fused Apply to MADISON A BURKE., • - --...
TO Furnished . hotel near city y good
opportunity. R. T. WARD & CO., 608 Clay.
THE SAJS FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUG-TJST 18, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOWARD, 1105— Upper part of house; 5 sunny
rooms and bath; rent cheap. ■ . .
OLIVE aye., 113, near Polk and O'Farrell—
$25; 7 rooms and bath, three-story.
RESIDENCE, 10 rooms. 703 Taylor St., near
Sutter* residence. 11 rooms, 607 Stockton St.,
near Pine. Inquire room 614. Call building.
SCOTT, 251. near — Modern sunny house,
S rooms, $35; water free; new.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. -
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
$15^URNIPH^!D cottage 4 rooms and .bath;
yard, basement. 3522 Nineteenth Bt. UMB-
SEN &- CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
_____ _ — — -£^r
HKANNAN, 422. near Thlrd-2 nice flats of 4
and 3 rms. each: newly renovated; rent cheap.
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— Nice flat of 3
rooms and 2 rooms; $7, $5. ________
FURNISHED flat to let; . - large sunny rooms
and attic. 705 Ah!. bury Ft.' _____
GEARY, 1135, between Van Ness and Frank-
- lln— Elegant modern upper flat 7 rooms: bath.
LARKIN, ' 25O9— Lower flat of 5 rooms and bath;
large yard; $16. - ___.
MCALLISTER. 422—2 or 3 nicely furnlsned
* rooms for housekeeping. _____
MONET on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
* jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
TAYLOR, 407— well furnished lower flat of 3
rooms. ' ' '
TO LET— Handsome lower flat, 6 rooms. 738
Fourteenth Bt., near Market.
UPPER flat, 5 rooms. 162 Clementina st.; rent
$10. __,
POST. 625. near Jones— Flat of 7 rooms and
. bathL ■- ■ • '■ ~
WE~can rent you a flat with or without a . flag-
. pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st._^_ ■ .
$9— UPPER flat of four rooms; sunny side. 472
Linden aye., ne.ir Laguna st.
$16; FIVE" rooms, bath and yard. 1027 Post St.,
near Lark in. _^ ,
2 SUNNY flats 4 rooms; rent $11 and $14. 6A
and SH Dearborn St.. off 17th. above Aalencla.
$16-SAN JOSE aye.. 143. nr. 24th-New modern
flat, 5 sunny rooms; gas. hot water, bath;
mirror mnntels: $16. . I
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRYANT, 511. near Third— l small neatly fur-
niehed sunny suite; back; $7 per month.
ELLIS 557—3 unfurnished or partly furnished
sunny connecting rooms with bath.
GOLDEN GATE. 1069—1 sunny connecting un-
furnished housekeeping rooms.. • •
HOWARD 525— 3 rooms, furnished complete:
housekpg: no objection children; reasonable.
HOWARD, 1068— Sunny rooms to let; housekeep-
ing, single and suites; rent reasonable.
LAFAYETTE. SI. bet. Eleventh and Twelfth—
4 unfurnished rooms; rent $12. j
LEAVENWORTH. 517, near Geary— unfur-
nished rooms for housekeeping.
MINNA Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing.^^ ■
MISSION, S6B— Large Bunny basement furnish-
ed complete: rent very cheap.
MISSION, 834— Front sunny housekeeping
room. $S; also single rooms.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins and jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant aye. :
NINTH, 21— Sum. y suite of rooms for house-
keeping; large bay-window room also. .
OCTAVIA, 155— Two weeks free; family would
let parlors; no other rooms; unfurnished If
desired; no children.
SHOTWELL. 6068— 4 cozy sunny connecting
rooms; hot and cold water; $15.
BUTTER, 1148— Nice sunny suite or 3 rooms for
light housekeeping; gas, bath; moderate.
TWELFTH 145, corner Howard— Sunny fur-
nished rooms complete for housekeeping;
■ also single rooms. ■ j
VAN NESS aye., Newly furnished front
suite; housekeeping and unfurnished rooms.
VAN NESS aye., 51S — Two sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping, with bath; fit.
839 HATES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and mis taken. __
OAKLAKD HOISEKKKIMNG ROOMS.
WINDSOR Hotel— without board; ac-
commodations for cooking. 9th & Washington.
~ ~ ROOM s"Td~~_7_'-\
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms,' en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
APARTMENTS ; quiet, homelike: reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co.. 22 Stockton st. ; trunks
moved to any part of city, 26c; tel. Main 49.
A— SELECT homer Hotel Florence, 102 Ellis,
cor. ' Powell; elevator ; baths; best • attention.
A— STOCKTON, 242 — First-class sunny front
rooms; suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo.
AT 416 O'FarreU— Sunny rooms; suites; single;
■by day, week or mo. : baths, running water.
AT 147 Powell. 211 O'Farrell — Rooms by the
day. week or month; very reasonable.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Sunny furnished rooms; 2
blocks from Palace Hotel; every convenience;
elevator; transient; near principal clubs. -
BBANNAN, 725. above Sixth— Sunny front
room and kitchen; furnished; $S.
BUSH. 1224 — Sunny parlor suite with kitchen
If desired. . i _ -
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— suites
and single rooms; prices reasonable. •
DELAWARE. . 1433 Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rma.; $8, $10 mo.
FIFTH, 309 — Large sunny corner room; run-
ning water: other rooms; also housekeeping.,
FOLBOM 766% — nice large furnished room
to let; 14. ■_ - ■ - -'
FOLSOM, 820. near Fourth— U week and up;
nice clean sunny single and double rooms.
FOLSOM Large sunny unfurnished front
room; grate; closets, etc.
FULTON 121%— sunny front rooms; range;
water; large yard; rent $10.
I_ARKIN, 327, cor. Golden Gate— Pleasant front
suite; housekeeping if desired; gas range.
GE ART, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms: suites or single. MRS. H. HYER. _
GEARY, 406 1, 2 or 3 nice unfurnished or with
carpets down rooms or offices; reasonable.
GEARY. 866— Elegant sunny back parlor;
piano, hot and cold water; other suites; light
housekeeping. j - -
GEARY. 736— Two cozy single rooms nicely
furnished; bath; $4 and $5,
GIRARD House, 192 Seventh, near Howard-
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
GLOBE House. 621 Howard— night, 25c to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cam.
GOLDEN GATE aye., £27— Nice sunny room;
private family.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1016, nr. Laguna — Newly
furnished sunny front room for 2; bath; $12.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1016, nr. Laguna— Newly
furnished (sunny front room for 2; bath; $12.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select : family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HILLSDALE, 33 Sixth St.— Sunny ( suite for
1 housekeeping; suite for 3 -gents; reasonable.
LEWIS! 18, off Taylor, nr. Post— Large unfur-
nished Bunny room and kitchen; reasonable.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly - furnished
bay-window ■ room ; %l per week.
MISSION ■ 1729%. near — Furnished
front rm. ; piano, kitchen, bath, laundry; $10.
MONEY loaned on diamonds.' , watches jewelry
and sealskins at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
NATOMA, 319— 2 housekeeping rooms; furnish-
ed or unfurnished. ; *. •. ■ ■v -'
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ! ele-
vator; electric lights; day, /eek or month.
PAGE. 14%— Single and double rooms, $8 to $8
per month; private family.
POST Pleasant sunny rooms; single and
double; newly furnished; quiet neighborhood.
POST, 618%— Nice furnished ! room for gentle-
• ' man; gas; bath: closet ; L no signs. ■ ■ ; *
POWELL, 317, ' ■ formerly : Cosmos ; Club— Ele-
gantly. furnished rooms; reasonable.
SCOTT.II 3 —2 large sunny connecting > rooms;
partly furnished; gas; alcove; bath. *.■
SEVENTH, 178— Single sunny front room,
nicely furnished, $1 per .week. , .
SHERMAN : Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
. near Market — Furnished ; and unfurnished. ,
TURK, 127 — Nice large light parlor; suitable
doctor or office; cheap to right party. - .
VAN NESS, 936— Pretty ; room; hot and cold;
. gas; bath; $10; larger one, $15. ;< .•■•.-■- ; :
WENDT Hotel,' : 22 Sacramento— Best rooming
house on water front; single 25c up; week $1
-.. up: fine rooms for housekeeping;; cheap.* =s
-'-; ■■ ■ ■ _ '....■;,- V JrHTfICIAHg. --W.v:_;_:.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
ROOMS AND BOAHO
AT HYDE 408 — Sunny single room, with board
$18 ; also ' alcove room; rea. ; private family.
ELLIS, 518— Nice sunny rroms with first-class
table board; use of parlor, piano; >20 up-
FOLSOM 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE 40S— Sunny alcove, hot, cold water, with
board; also single room; private; reasonable
cj'I'AKKKM. 7i- Vf-ry best board: pleasant
parlor, with piano; everything entirely new.
SOUTH PARK, 16!«— Good table board. $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week
THE HI' ATM :v.2 Eddy— Select family board-
ing house; first-class all appointments; hot
water every room; home cooking; terms mod.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single moms accordingly.
VALENCIA l«70 (The Irving)— Family boardg. :
warm belt'; larse grounds; sunny rooms; reas.
VAN NESS aye 519— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms: first-class table board.
VAN NKFS av^.. 71£— Large sunny front suites:
Hlnsle rooms; first-class table board.
VAN* NESS aye., 1000— Large sunny front single
rooms: other rooms: go^d table hoard.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WIDOW~ would like 2 children to board; good
home and care: near school. 51 Clara st.
STORES TO L.ET.
FiNE~store" living rooms; fit for any business;
1007 Larkl'n St.; $14. Apply 102 Eddy st.
FOR rent Large, roomy building, suitable for
wood and coal, hay and grain, general pro-
duce business; good location; low rent. In-
quire room 614, Call building.
STORE corner Eleventh and Mission sts. ; fine
I • md for saloon or French liquor store.
STORE to let— 44B Third St.
'• stokk and living room at "?~ Noe et. ; pros-
la neighborhood.
Sir. STORK, with 3 living rooms. 375 Sanchez,
next public school : ney 3<n Sanchez, st.
EDUCATIONAL.
VOCAir Instruction— ANNlS MONTAGUE
TURNER; correct and natural production of
the voice based on natural and artistic prin-
ciples; terms beginning August 15 and after;
lessons by the month or quarter. For terms
apply personally or by letter to 930 Buoh at.,
near Jones. ■ • ' '
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying,, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES" Business College, 723 Market st. :
Individual instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches and special course for Civil Service
examinations, etc.; life scholarship, $50; low
rates per week and month. ; |
MRS. ADA CLARK has opened a dancing
class at New Masonic Hall, Mission St., nr.
Twenty-first; on Thursday evenings, commen-
cing S o'clock.' :. . ■.--■•
A LADY teaches piano and mandolin thor-
oughly; 50c an hour; excellent pianist and ac-
companist for entertainments and vocalists.
1209 Octavia st.
PIANO Instructions. $1; singing, $1 60 a les-
son. A A. EDGERLY, care San Francisco
Music Co., 225 Sutter St. ■
UNIVERSITY Coast— Newell Perry, Ph. 8., Fel-
low in Mathematics. U. C. 2407 S. Atherton,
nr. Channlng way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, 'electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.;
est. ISM. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
LAW schools— Broadway. Oakland; 6 Eddy
st., city, room 69: day and night.
ENGLISH > literature, mythology', Shakespeare
classes; prl. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
ROBERT TOLMIE, pianist, has resumed
teaching at 1003 Sutter st. . . , ■ -
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month; references:
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
PIANO and German lessons. 75c; pupil of Con-
servatory in Lelpslc. 110 Hyde et.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution.
pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary st,
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice: safe an* quirk care guar-
anteed' any diseases or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay: self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market
st.; pills. $1; very strong, $2. :
ALL of Dr. Foulet' capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no. danger or after ef-
fects: taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price: oonsultatlon on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye., S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us. . ■ . ■
DR. WISE, late of Bellevue Hospital, N. T. ;
offices, Hackmeler Hotel, 123 Eddy st.; hours
9 to 11, 2 to 5 and 6 to 8: consult him for
treatment on all diseases peculiar to women;
patients assured first-class medical attend-
ance besides enjoying privacy of, home with
experienced attendants; strictest confidence
maintained In all cases; consultation free.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (f-om whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used;
travelers helped at once; home in confine-
ment; every case guaranteed; consultation
free and confidential; self-cure, $8: pills, $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 208 Turk st., near Jones.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from wliat cause; no medicine or Instru-
.ments used; restores in one day without fall;
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace; consultation free; can be sent and used
at home; pills and capsules, $1: cure |5; by
the well-known DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from I what-
ever cause; no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5: travelers helped instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate; Infants adopted Into good homes..
LADIES. Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable: take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlla.
ALPHA! French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
LADIES wishing secrecy during confinement
can find good home & treatment by Mrs. Karr,
2514 Fulton Bt. ; McAllister car passes house.
MRS. ACHARD, _ midwife; home In confine-
ment; confinement alone, IS. 156 Second at.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; Infallible, safe reme-
dies: 38 years' experience. . 254Vj Fourth at.
DR. HALL, 1228 Market St., diseases of women
. and children. . --■ •-■■ --. - --
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States, postpaid, for $1 60 a year.
LOST.
■_ _.
BANK book. Return to Humboldt Bank, or
110 Powell St.: reward. • : ■■
LOST— Pug bitch, Saturday evening, near
■ Flllmore and Pine. Return to 1915 Pierce St.,
near Pine, and receive reward. . - :.- . .
FEMALE St. Bernard; lost on 14th., Reward
.at 780 Halght st. ' ■ ■ ' ' ■ '
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In I the
name of Cornelia Sullivan, No. 218,421. The
finder will please return to bank. ■
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San-Francisco. In the
name of ROBERT GORE or JOSEPHINE
GORE; No. 218-1498. The finder will please re-
turn to bank. - ■>.."- . ■
FOUND.
FOUND— dogs, '• a Newfoundland and , blood-
hound. J. FRET, 1625 San Bruno road. •;
;• ,:,';■ DENTISTS. c; - : ■••" ■
. . •• * -■ ■ ■ - ■_ •■. * - .
A FULL : set of teeth,' $6; - Bee new - flexible
plates' light and thin; : guaranteed 10 years;
teeth • without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 50c; crowns. %3 50; all
work painless ' and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth at.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
■ ist discoverer of > painless ;. extraction and
patentee > of . Improved . bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of ' teeth .»5 up; fillings, . 25« up; all work
painless and .guaranteed to stand; open even-
: , ings. 997 Market »t., cor. Sixth./ . ■ -,,:■
DR LUDLUM HILL, 1448 v Market St., near
Eleventh ; crowns, bridge work , and filling a
: specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.- •
ALL work reasonable ' and warranted. DR. J.
:, W. KEY, 1320 Market st. '■% .-■■' .■;•:■ '. :"".; : '■■'.
NEW YORK ■ methods ' at New York Prices, by
- New York dentists. 969 Mission, cor. Sixth. ;
PAINLESS filling a specialty. DRS. PERRY
.A CHRISTIE, 8 Mason St., cor. Market.
PERSONALS.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO: MATTHEW, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
W ANTED— To know where are the headquar-
ters of the Cuban patriotic Junta if there is
any in this town. Address box 311. Call office.
WILL any old miners of the early '50's wh i
knew Morris Ingram or John Hank?, from
years '52 to '56. write to Mrs. Florence
Hoyer, Paducah, Ky., or answer through
paper?
PILES— If you are troubled with them ad-
dress box 6984, Call office, for cure.
I HAVE great satisfaction in the realization of
artistic halrdressing done here for 25c; hair
restored to Its natural color, $1 50 up;
switches, ?1; fine, $3 50; extra. $5; open Sun-
day 9 to 12. G. LEDERER. 11l Stoekton_ st^
JOSEPH GREVEN, vocal teacher, 1236 Market
Ft., furnishes at short notice soloists for
opera, oratorio concert and church; arranges
and leads opera performances In English.
Italian. German and French^
LEDERER'S Qulnonla will cure that dandruff.
G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
PILES; Freiling's Piles Salve— Warranted to
cure all cases; $1 per box. Residence I'J2S
Devlsadero st., near Sutter st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third St., n«?ar Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $150 per ni^ht; $150 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHILDREN'S class at Hlnmin's School of
Dancing. 1412 Polk st., is row open on Satur-
day afternoons.
SUITS to order on installments nt cash prices,
|1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
NEW method of treating diseases by elec-
tricity; lessons given. ISISA Howard st.
ELECTRIC sealskin Jackets to order. |50.
MARX'S Fur Store. 9. r .7 Market Bt.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKB. 1416 VBn st., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market Ft., bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN~ FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— Elegant, stylish dresses.^ls
up: dresses made over. 3 Eddy st.. rm. U-»d.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
OMAIti OMAR! OMAR!
THE OCCULT WONDER.
MARVBLOTJB TESTS!
FULL NAME OF KVKKY CALLER.
Name of Sw.-etheart or Husband.
Advice to make you succeed in love, busi-
ness, marriage, divorce, law suits, etc.;
cures drunkenness, bad habits, evil Influ-
ences; locates mines, buried treasures, etc.;
guarantees success.
OMAR NEVER FAILS
To unite the separated and
Cause speedy and happy marriages.
OMAR
Guarantaes success in all cases.
Letters containing $1 and 4 questions an-
swered. Private residence. 325 Eddy St., 323.
. MRS. DR. F. CLARK
Unrivaled.
Trance Clalrv- -ant and Medium.
While entranced she will reveal every hidden
mystery In life; will show you how to over-
rrme your enemies, remove family troubles,
restore lost affections; unites the separate, re-
covers lost, stolen or burled property; locates
treasures, minerals: tells your entire life,
past, present and future, while In a perfect
trance. Hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect
rtitlsfactlon guaranteed by mail. Send stamp
for circular with special terms.
Rooms 2S and 26. 1206 Market street.
Attention! PROF. H. ROMAINE,
The Oriental Seer, ■
— Late of India.
—TELLS FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER—
Tells what you called for; advises on busi-
ness, speculation, love, everything; reunites
separated; causes speedy marriages: recovers
old estates; locates burled treasures in five
days; never fails; $2 consultation $1 this
week. Letters containing stamp answered.
Offices, 1206 Market bt. Hours. 10 to 8.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY.
Medical clairvoyant and medium, will diag-
nose diseases and treat with revealed reme-
dies, which are a boon to suffering humanity;
stamp for circular. 232 Stocston st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and second
Bight; diagnoses disease; full life reading; la.
60c, gents %1; palm, andclair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future: 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 10.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth at.
MRS. DR. RAMONDI; yeur fortune told by
chirography, $1 and $2. 109 Grant aye.. room 2.
SONORA RAMONA. medium and card reader;
10c: ladieß only. 23 Ash aye.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the veil-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
SPIRITUALISM.
CIRCLE to-day. 2 o'clock. 112 Vi Oak St., 25c;
C. Mayo-Steers; readings, %l.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, 10c. 605 McAllister St.; come, skeptics.
O. A- KRAUS, medium; astrology and palmis-
try; sittings daily. 334 Eddy st. .
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia st. ; read-
lngß, $1: clr. Tues., Frl., 2p. m. ; Mon. 8; 28c.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 212H Sixth
M. FRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
dlum. 118 Halght st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, trance
test medium and life reader. 232 Stockton st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a Specialty; private;
no fee without success; ccllections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkln.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St.
lTs. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consutation free; no fees in advance.
CO-PARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
CERTIFICATE of copartnership— We, the un-
derelgned. hereby certify that we constitute
a partnership, transacting the business of
buying, selling and dealing in hides, pelts,
furs and tallow in the State of California;
that the principal place of said business Is at
the City and County of San Francisco in said
State of California, and that tho name of
Bald partnership Is STRAUSS & ROUX, and
that the names In full of all the members of
said partnership are ARTHUR S. STRAUSS
and FRANK ROUX, and that the place of
residence of said ARTHUR S. STRAUSS la
at the City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, and that the place ol
residence of said FRANK ROUX is also at
said City and County of San Francisco, State
of California.
Dated, San Francisco, July 19, A. D. IS9B.
ARTHUR S. STRAUSS.
FRANK ROUX.
State of California. City and County of
San Francisco, ss.
On the nineteenth day of July, in the yeat
one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight,
before me. M. GREENBLATT, a notary
public In and for the said City and County,
residing therein, duly commissioned and
aworn, personally appeared ARTHUR S.
STRAUSS and FRANK ROUX, known to
me to be the persons described in, whpse
names are subscribed ' to and who executed
the annexed instrument, and they severally
acknowledged that they executed the same.
In witness whereof, I have hereunto sot my
hand and affixed my official seal, at my
office in the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, the day and year in this certificate
first above written.
[Notarial Seal.l M. OREENBLATT.
Notary' Public, In and for the City and
County olf San Francisco, Ptate of California.
Indorsed: Filed July 20. IS9S.
C. F. CURRY. Clerk.
By N. E. MAISON. Deputy Clerk.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NO 2720 State of California— ln the Superioi
Court in and for the City and County of Sar
Francisco (Department Ten).
In the matter of the petition of IDA M,
SCOOFFY for the perpetuation of testimony.
In the above entitled special proceeding no-
tice is hereby given that under an order of th«
presiding Judge of said court, dated July 6,
A D 1898 and on the application of the above
named petitioner, IDA M. SCOOFFY, or
THURSDAY, September 8, A. D. 1898, befort
j p SULLIVAN. Notary Public, at his office,
on the fourth floor of the Parrott building,
situated on the south side of Market street,
between Fourth and Fifth streets, In the said
city and county of San Francisco, State ol
California, commencing at the hour of 1(
o'clock a m. on said date, the testimony ol
HIRAM BI'RT COOK and of WALTER HER
BERT COOK in the said special proceeding
will be taken.
The object of the paid special proceeding is tc
perpetuate the testimony of the said witnesaef
In relation to the lot and premises, thirty
(30) feet front by sixty (60) feet In depth sit-
uated on the west side of Taylor street, be-
tween Pacific and Broadway streets, in said
city and county, and numbered one thousanc
five hundred and forty-one (lf<4l), on Tayloi
street.
For further Information reference is herebj
made to the petition and order aforesaid.
IDA M. SCOOFFY, Petitioner.
Dated San Francisco, July 6, A. D. 1898.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER ,V t-
ROOM A, First i loor,
.'.'..- ■ / . • •' Crocker -Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
EXPERT JUDGES BUT PROPERTY NOW!
BARGAINS NOW"! " PROFITS. LATER'
$100, 1130 to $250; level building lots near
Mission-street electric cars j only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER. •
| SUNSET HEIGHTS — JTS 1
$400, $450 to $S5O; officially graded; superb
view; $25 down, $10 'monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$400, $450 to $750; choicest Richmond building
lots; street graded and sewered; $25 down.
$10 monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
■ Call for Maps and Diagrams. . ■■
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
• Room A, Crocker building.
$1100 AT $10 a month; bay-window cottage:
otable and lot; street work complete. Box
4632. Call. _^
$3600— 5500 CASH, balance installments; a
large 6-room 2-story house with high finished
basement: highly decorated and 4 bay-windows:
street accepted; choice location. Castro St.,
near Twentieth. F. NELSON. 709 Castro st.
COUNTRY REAL, ESTATE.
FOR RENT— cows with range, nous* barn,
wagon and two horses; 2 hours 1 drive from
city; cash rent: will assist for starter. . Ad-
dress box 169, Call, office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
■ removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth . telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market st. : tel. Green 204..
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest interest. Room GB, 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell it.
ANY amount at 6'i per cent on real estate; 3d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate ih pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. i.
MONEY loaned on furniture and pianos without
removal. 205 Examiner building. .
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
. estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest rates;
r no commission; private. 116 McAllister St.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2.1 mortg. ;
any proposition. Drydeh. 413 Montgomery ft.
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital to invest. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker, 32* Montgomery st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$390— FOR a 3-room cottage and three nice
lots; $25 cash; monthly installments to suit.
$76— Lots In the Allendale Tract, East Oak-
land. $5 cash, $5 monthly on one or more lots:
3 electric car lines: fine school; city water;
grand boulevard near; 35 families now located;
view, location and soil unexcelled; building up \
rapidly; perfect drainage. Call or send for
circular. 465 Seventh St.. cor. Broadway. Oak-
land. H. Z. JONES, owner.
SNAP: lot 72x135. right In Berkeley, $450; cash.
L. M. SALS BURY. 902 Broadway.
J. CALLAOHAN, real estate dealer, notary
nubile: property looked after 814 BroadwaT.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
COTTAGE, large grounds; good location. 441
Sherman aye., near Thirty-sixth. Telegraph-
•'. avenue cars.
OAKLAND - FURNITURE FOR [ SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store, 408 Eleventh st. See him.
OAKLAND DRESSMAKING.
LADIES'' coats, gowns and suits. MRS. E.
< ATM AN, 80S 27th St.. nr. San Pablo.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
i
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA BARGAINS.
- $1300— 33:4x100; neat house: 4 rooms and
bath; any terms.
— Lot 23x150; nice bouse; 8 rooms and
bath; any terms.- .
$2:oo— Lot 25x147; nice new thlngled 2-story
house; 6 rooms and bath.
$1500 — Lot 40x100; 2-story; 7 rooms; worth
$2500.
• $2800— Lot 42x150; elegant new modern cottage;
7 rooms and bath; up-to-date.
$3000— Lot 42x150; fine NW. corner; 7 rooms
and bath; new and modern. *,
■ ■ Lot 100x145; elegant corner lot. with » rooms
and bath, stable, fruit trees, etc - ■ .'
All well located; near school and station:
street work done. Apply at once to
H. F. MOREAL & CO..
- Houses to let. 1432 Park st., Alameda.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
•r, FIRST COME. FIRST SEr.VED.
.UST LIKE PAYING RENT.
11200, $1700, $1800. $2200. $2600. $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of Installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4 5 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date: almost new, and are located near schools
and stations. - '
We are going to weed them out, and Invite
Inspection. ' : • MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 680 Market . st;.
Ban Francisco. Open Sundays and holiday?.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
810 BARGAIN, $1300— Fine house 6 rooms.
bath, city water; lot e0x135; one block from
Berryman station: choice location: forced sale
to close estate. WARREN CHENEY, - oppo-
site station. Berkeley. - ..-,- -
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
FOR TRADE— S-room cottage near electric
cars; short walk to U. C. grounds. Address
2223 Shattuck aye.. Berkeley.
~~~ ~ PROPOSALS.
TREASURY Department, Office Marine Hos-
pital Service, National Quarantine Station, An-
gel Island, .Cal., August 15, 1898.— Sealed pro-
posals will be received, at this office until noon
of TUESDAY, August 30, IS9B. to .furnish. re-
pairs to quarantine steamer Geo. M. Stern-
berg, overalls and jumpers, typewriter and
cabinet, and one cabinet desk, for use of the
Marine Hospital Service at San Francisco
quarantine. . Schedules and further informa-
tion may be obtained vpon application to the •
undersigned. The right is reserved to waive
Informalities and to reject any or all propo-
lis. M. J. ROSENAU,
Passed Assistant Surgeon, M. H. S., In com-
mand of Station. : . .
•— ~~ STORAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age Warehouse, S4O Mission St.: tel. Mint 1821.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. \
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Timothy Trahey and Mary O'Connor 32-24
Charles Aspelln and Louise L10nch.. ...... 28-21
A. D. Helmquist and Tillle L. Lavs 23-23
Ludwtg Helbllng and Anna Konstanzer.... 27-23
Charles A. Wall and Eda M. Smidth 24-22
Daniel Breslin and Mary Keane.. ........ 33-30
Napoleon Botto and Alice de Courtrleux....37-2<5
Robert E. Bunker and Jessie E. . Hyde... 34-33
Friedrich Diepen and R. . Pauline Wilde 31-17
Gary L. Holtum and Willie M. Scott.... 25-21
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
AHLERS— In this city, August 12, 1898. to th%
. wife of: A. William Ahlers, a daughter.'
GALLAGHER— July 23, 1898, to the wife of
William J. Gallagher, a daughter.
KNOWLTON— this city, August 16, IS9S, to
. the wife of R. M. Knowlton. a daughter. '
MASON— In this city,' August 7, :- 1898, to the
wife of J. H. P. Mason, a daughter. -,-..•:
DIED. ~~; ;■■:'•'
Andersen, Edward . Harrison, Thomas D.
Barrett, Francis A. ' Jewett, Thomas M. ■„'
Baxter. John R. Kafka. Aida
' Clarke, Dennis Kuehn, Rebecca
Cook, Stanley J. Lindsey. Josephine
' Corbett, Patrick J. Livingston, James
Corbett, Catherine -. Maher, James V.
. Corthay, Henry M. Mead, Maude
Dillon. Catherine E. Meskell, Henry
Donovan, Helen M. Olson, George H. .
■> Doyle, • Henry - . .'". -Pratt, Hannah . L.
Elliott, W. Wallace ; Russell. John
■ Gallagher, Wallace Storey. Margaret ;
■■ Gregory, Catherine Ulshofer, George *
Hardle, Philip Wunderer. Mrs. B.
ANDERSEN —In this city, August 16, v ' 1898,
Edward, beloved husband of Marthine A. An-
dersen; father of Edward, Hagbart/ Vivian
and Edna ; Andersen, and • brother . of Julia
'■ S^ter and : August -■' Andersen, ■, a native of
Frederikstad, Norway, aged 35 years 5 months
and 8 days. :\: -■:■■.. ': ■■-.'. ... :, ' ..
BARRETT— In South San Francisco, 1 August io,
'" 1898, ; Francis - A. ," ; beloved ; husband of Agnes
'. Barrett, and father of Mrs. 'W. , E. Lane and
Susie -A. and C. W. Barrett, a native of
Camden. Me., aged -71 years and 2 months ■
(Camden, Me., and Fresno papers please '•
copy.)
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:40 o'clock, from the Masonic
Hall.: South San Francisco, under the aus-
pices of South San Francisco Lodge No. 212,
F. and A. M. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by 3:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets.
BAXTER— In this city. August 17, IS9B, John
Roscoe, son of J. H. ,and Annie Baxter, a
native of San Francisco, aged 2 years 2
months and 14 days.
BOUDAN— In this city, August 17. IS9S, Louis,
In-loved husband of" Annie 'Boudan. son of
Alclde Boudan, and brother of Mrs. Marie
Dv Py and Mrs. Louise Perret, a native of
Sun Francisco, aged 36 years 5 months and 8
days.
a Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
•it the parlors of J. S. Godeau.- <-'■••. :
CLARKE— In this city, August 16, 1898, Dennis,
beloved husband of .Eliza Clarke, and father
of John. Mangle, I. via. Kate and Mary
Clarke. Mrs. H. Small, Mrs. H. Jones and the
late Francis J. Clarke, a native of County
Monarhau. Ireland, aged 88 years.
(C^Frlenda and' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Michigan street, near Twenty-second.
Potrero, thence to St. Teresa's Church, where
a. requiem high mass will be celebrated for th«
repose of his soul at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy. Cross Cemetery. " •• ' ■
COOK— In this city. August 16, 1S!)S, Stanies/
J., beloved son of Charles and Annie Cook,
a native of Port Costa, aged 1 year 1 month ■
and 20 days. (Contra Costa papers please
copy.)
r^The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 1025 Harrison street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CORBETT— this city. August IC. 1898, Pat-
rick J., beloved husband of Catherine Cor-
bett. a native of Ccunty Mayo. Ireland, aged
65 years: also In this city, August 16, IS9S,
Catherine, beloved wife of Patrick J. Corbett.
a native of Dublin. Ireland, aged 62 years.
tCT The funeral services will be held
this day (Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, at their
late residence, 51S Hayes street. Interment
private. In Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
CORTHAY— In this city, August 17, 1898,
Henry Merino, beloved son of the late Louis
and Catherine M. Corthay, and brother of
C. W., George and E. M. Corthay. a native
of San Francisco, aged 24 years 3 months and
26 days. ■ ■ ' •.
'• (u?"Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
. at the ; parlors of Carew & English, 41 Van-
Ness avenue.
DILLON— In this city. August 16, IS9S. Cath-
erine E., beloved daughter of David and the
late Johanna Dillon, and sister of Morris J...
Ellen. Michael J.. Maria B. and Agnes A.
Dillon, and niece of Jeremiah, John and Wil-
liam Dillon, Mrs. K. Dunn, James Sullivan
and Mrs. C. O'Connor, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 15 years 6 months' and 27 days.
tC7Friends and acquaintances are respectr
' fully Invited to attend the funeral this day,
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2 Homer street (formerly Maria
street), off Chesley, between Seventh and
Eighth, therce to St. Joseph's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for-
j the reriose of her soul at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DONOVAN— In this city, August 15, IS9S, Helen.;
M., beloved wife of the late Harry T. Dono-
van, a native of lowa, aged 24 years 8 months
and 14 days.
tC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday)! at 10 o'clock, from St. Patrick's
Church, Mission street, between Third and
- Fourth. Remains to be forwarded to Ta-
coma to-nlsht at 7:15 o'clock.
DOYLE— In San Mateo, August 16, 1898, Henry,
beloved husband of Jane. A. Doyle, a native
• of Ireland, aged 56 years and 11 months.
Ey Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 10:30
o'clock (take train leaving Third and Town-
send streets .at 9 o'clock to F-iurlingam»).
from his late residence near San Ma-
teo, thence to St. Matthews Church, San
Mateo, where a requiem mass will be said
for the repose of his soul. Interment St.
John's Cemetery, San Mateo.
ELLIOTT— this city, August 16, IS9S, W.
Wallace, beloved husband of Minna H. El-
liott, and father of Mrs. George P. Craig, a
native of New York, aged 65 years 1 month
and 4 days. (Binghamton, N. V., ; papers
please copy.) • .
[C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral,
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment private, Cypress Lawn Cemetery. .
GALLAGHER— In this city. August 16, 1898.
Wallace J., beloved son of Roy and May Gal-
lagher, brother of Cora and Edna Gallagher,,
and grandson of William and Annie Wright,
a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years 4
months and 24 days. •
Friends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of "his parents, 66 Prosper street, be-
tween Sixteenth and Seventeenth. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. .
GREGORY— In this city, August 16. IS9S.. Cath-
erine E., widow of the late Charles B. Oreg-
" (C?" Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Thurs-
day), at 2:15 o'clock, at her late residence.
- 905 Bush street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. ; . ' '.V. '-
HARDIE— In the City and County Hospital.
August 17, 1898, Philip Hardie, a native of
South Carolina, aged 49 years.
HARRISON— In this city, August 17. IS9S,
Thomas D.. beloved son of Thomas E. and
Annie E. Harrison, a native of San Fran-.,
cisco, aged 2 years 9 months and 19 days. ■ .
JEWETT— Entered into rest, August 17, 1898,
Thomas M, beloved husband of- Exiquia F.
Jewett, and father of Thomas M.. Rosalia, i
Samuel and Carmen Jewett, a native of Vera
Cruz, Mexico, aged 57 years 7 months and 7
days.
£7"The tuneral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), from the Church of Nuestra Senora
de Guadalupe, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his ,
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment,
strictly private.
KAFKA— In Fruitvale, Cal., August 17, 1898,
Aida, beloved wife of Simon Kafka, and
1 mother of Robert and Lorentz Kafka, aged •
30 years. ,■
KUEHN— this city, August 17, 1898. Re-
becca, wife of Max R. Kuehn. daughter of
Mr and Mrs. K. Hassen, and sister of Ike
Hassen Mrs. Carrie Cohen and Mrs.. A.
Wiener, a native of New York, aged 33,
LlNl'sEY-In this city. Aumist 16, IS9B, Jose-
phine, beloved daughter of Alexander and
Josephine Lindsey, a native of San Fran- ,
cisco, aged 8 years. .
LIVINGSTON— In this city, August 15, 1893..
James Monrce Livingston, born July 17, 1819, •
at Schuylerville, N. V., beloved uncle of Alice .
and Gertrude Livingston, Mrs. Helen Uhlee:.
and Mrs. Henry W. Morris. . . V
try Services this day (Thursday), at 9:30 •
o'clock, at the residence of his niece. Mrs.
Henry W. Morris, 1630 Broadway. Interment >-
MAHER— In this city, August 16. 1898. James-
V., Drother of T. C. Mahcr. a native of New
York, aged 46 years. ■•■ '
rrT'The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of J C O'Connor & Co.. 707 Miss: street. ■<
Interment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEAD— In this city, August 16, 1888, Maude.
beloved daughter of Martin and Alice Mead.
a native of Mexico, aged 24 years 2 months .
try The funeral will * take place this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late real- -,
• dence, 2417 Eagle avenue. Alameda. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland. ..
MESKELL— In this city, August 16, IS9S, Henry
' M.skell. a native of Ireland, aged 79 years.
OLSON— In this city, August 17. 1898. George
H youngest son of Oscar H. and Sophie
Henrietta Olson, a native of San Francisco.
PRATT-rn°tnls city, August 16, 1395. Hannah
L beloved wife of John C. Pratt, and
mother of C. J. and Daniel Sullivan, and
sister of Mrs. Kate Crowley, a native of
County Cork. Ireland, aged 50 years.
(r3"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow -
(Friday) at S:3O o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 633 Minna street, thence to St. Jo-
seph* Church, where a solemn requiem mass,
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, ",
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
RUSSELL^ITthis city. -August 16, .1893 John i
beloved husband :of Margaret . Russell and .
father of Emma, Josephine and Frederic*
Russell and Mrs. J. H. McGinney. a native
of Ireland, aged 68 years. (Boston. Mass..
and Burlington. Vt.. papers please copy.)
try Friends and acquaintances . are respect-,
fully invited to attend the funeral this day -
(Thur-day), at SAO o'clock, from his late resi-
dence" 719 ' Harrison street, thence to St.
Roses Church, where a requiem high,
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his ;
soul, commencing at 9 " o'clock. Interment :
STOREY— In Cemetery. August ' 16, 189S, Mar-
STOREY— In this city, August 16. 1898. Mar-
caret beloved wife of Michael Storey, sister 1
of Mrs Peter Nlhil and Mrs. Patrick Maher.
• and cousin of James and - Patrick Brennanj ;
' a native of County Wleklow, Ireland, aged
"27 years 3 months and 11 flays. .' -•; ....
rryFriends and acquaintances are respect- •
' fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30- o'clock, from her. late
residence 949 Howard street, thence to St. -
■ Patrick's Church. ■ Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. .__
ULSHOFER— this city, August 17. 1898,
George ■ Ulshofer. dearly beloved brother of
Matthias and Charles Ulshofer. and uncle of;
Mrs L. Kessler, a native of Wurtemberg. .
■ Germany aged 78 years 1- month and 28 days.
ITT* Friends and acquaintances are respect- ,
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow ,
(Friday) *at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H F Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, . near -.
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WUNDERER— In Oakland, August .16. 1838.
"Mrs Barbara - : \Vunderer. beloved mother of
Mrs' Henry Steinbeck, a native of Switzer-
• land aged 65 years l.» months and 20 days. . _.
(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect- *
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at the
German Lutheran Zlon Church, corner
. Twelfth and Myrtle streets. Oakland, Inter- .
ment Mountain View Cemetery. Kindly omit
dowers. ■ --"-.■ - ' " * '
— — ii^i^— "™ ™^*^—^"
M "" McAVOY & GALLAGHER. . I ,if
■funeral DIRECTORS & EMBALMERSI , ;
' I : 20 FIFTH ST.; opp. Lincoln School. I
I _ Telephone, SouthBo^^^^^^^L ,
1516
DEATH WAS AT THE HELM OF AN EXCURSION YACHT.
Mrs. Paxton Drowned
in the Waters of
the Bay.
LAUNCH WAS SUNK '
IN A COLLISION
ALL ON BOARD WERE SAVED
BUT HER.
Her Dress Caught in the Machinery
and She Is Supposed to Have
. " Gone Down With the
Boat.
The new launch of the United States
transport Scandia while out on a pleas
ure trip yesterday morning was run
. down and sunk by the United States
quartermaster's steamer General Me
. Dowell. Thero were ten people aboard
the launch and of these Mrs. Charles
E. Paxton, wife of the well-known min
ing man and stock broker, was
• , drowned.
• The launch "was towed down from
Ware Island last Monday by the navy
yard tug Unadilla. Monday afternoon
she was taken out for her trial trip and
a number of ladies who saw the hand
some little boat from the deck of the
Scandia expressed a wish to go on a
trip around the bay In her. Captain
Nat T. Messer, who represents the
quartermaster on the troopship, at once
agreed to take them out and yesterday
morning was fixed upon for the excur
sion.
When the launch started out on the
trip there were aboard: Mrs. Charles E.
Paxton, Mrs. Douglas S. Cone, Mrs.
Margaret A. Peterson, N. Thayer Mes
ser Jr., Captain Frank W. Hart of the
Scandia, Third Officer H. A. Thompson,
Quartermasters O. Jones and S. Lu
brano, Assistant Engineer Don Hillman
and Fireman John Daly, all of the
troopship.
The General McDowell had been on a
special trip to Alcatraz to pump water
Into the reservoir and was in charge of
First Mate Peter Grimm, as Captain
John J. Stofen was on leave. Only one
or two soldiers from the island were
aboard besides the crew, and the vessel
was under a full head of steam making
for her berth at Clay-street wharf.
The McDowell is a notoriously hard
vessel to handle, particularly while
. backing, and in consequence it has al
ways been the custom to run her along
the wharves so as to make a short turn
Into her slip. Consequently the launch
was sunk midway between the Jackson
and Pacific street wharves, and not fifty
yards from the end of either.
The stories of the disaster agree in
the main and it will rest with the Unit
ed States Inspectors of Hulls and Boil
ers to fix the blame. As the launch
ptnrtftd out of the slip Third Officer
Thompson, as is customary, blew a long
whistle to notify vessels on the outside
that he was coming. Mate Grimm, on
the McDowell, heard the signal and
replied with one whistle, signifying that
he was about to make a landing and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
»
PRQB&C&&&Y
One Night Treatment ?? h n e 'SSS'JZ
•the hands In a strong, hot lather of CUTI-
CURA SOAP. Dry thoroughly and anoint
freely with CUTICURA, greatest of emollient
skin cures. - "Wear, old kid ' gloves, with the
finger ends cut off and holes in the palms for
ventilation. | For red,, rough, chapped or dis-
colored hands, , dry, fissured, itching, Ceverlsh
palms, with shapeless nails and painful finger
ends, this treatment is wonderful.
After Cycling, Golf, Tennis, Riding or any
Athletic*, a bath : with CUTICURA SOAP is
. one of the luxuries of modern civilization. it
, prevents chafing, redness and roughness of the
' akin, soothes inflammation and irritation, re-
moves undue or offensive perspiration, and
■ when followed by a gentle anointing with
CUTICURA, purest of emollients and greatest
of - fkin cures, proves most •. beneficial in ■ re-
lieving tired, lamed, strained or Inflamed
muscles.
Bold throughout the world. Price, CUTI-
CURA SOAP. 25c. CUTICURA (ointment), 50c.
POTTER DRUG AND CHEM. CORP., Boston,
Bole Props. British Depot. 1 King Edward St.,
London. -: Send . for "How to -.. Produce Soft,
White Hands," : free.
■
MRS. C. E, PAXTON, Whose Death Ended
a Tragic Yachting Excursion.
would pass to starboard, that Is go in
side close to the wharves.
The men on the launch answered the
McDowell with one whistle, which Mate
Grimm took to mean "I will cross your
bows," and then came the tragedy. The
men in the launch were powerless to
do anything. The women stood up in
the boat, screamed, wrung their hands
and cried:
"They'll sink us! She'll sink us!"
Mate Grimm came out of the pilot
house on the McDowell and called:
"For God's sake, go ahead on her."
Corporal J. E. Llndsey of Company \
A, Sixth Infantry, stood up in the bow I
of the McDowell and yelled:
"Throw your women overboard.
Damn you! Throw them over. It's the
only way you can save them."
Still the McDowell bore steadily down
on the fated launch. Her engines were
THE MERRY EXCURSIONISTS ON THE SCANDIA'S LAUNCH WERE SENT STRUGGLING IN THE WATER BY A
BLOW FROM THE STEAMER McDOWELL.
going full speed astern, and Chief En
gineer Henry Christiansen was using
every ounce of steam the boilers could
carry, but without avail. The momen
tum on the dispatch boat was too great
and as she swung, while backing, her
bow struck the launch on the star
board quarter and turned her over on
her side. The launch then ranged along
the side of the McDowell until the lat
ter's engines were stopped, Mate Grimm
fearing that some of the unfortunates
who were struggling in the water might
get caught -in the screw.
Half a dozen Whitehall boats were
soon on the scene and all the unfortu
nates, save one, were picked up. Luck
ily the launch had not been fitted with
an awning. Had the covering been in
place not a soul would have been saved.
The awning would have closed over the
men and women and they would have
j-one down with the launch.
The only ones injured were Mrs. Cone
and John Daly, the fireman. Mrs. Cone
was rescued by Captain Hart. She
went down twice before he could catch
her and then he had a hard struggle
to get her back to the launch. Once
there the only thing for her to hold
on to was a hot steam pipe. It was a
question of haViging on to it or drown
ing and Mrs. Cone held on until her
hands were blistered. In the meantime
Captain Hart started out to rescue Mrs.
Peterson, but she was picked up by W.
Walford, the boatman, who was out in
his Whitehall. Daly was thrown against
the boiler and was badly burned by the
escaping steam.
Mrs. Peterson had a narrow escape.
She was going down for the last time
when Quartermaster Lubrano, who was
hanging on t the overturned launch,
held out his foot to her. Luckily she
caught hold of it and kept afloat with
Lubrano's assistance until help came.
No one saw Mrs. Paxton after the Mc-
Dowell struck the launch and the sup
position is that her dress was caught
in the machinery and she was taken
down with the boat.
Boatman W-"ord picked up Mrs.
Peterson, Nat T. Messer Jr., 4 Third Of
ficer Thompson and- Quartermasters
Jones and Lubrano.
The State tug Governor Irwin picked
up Fireman Daly and a Whitehall frqm
Vallejo-street wharf saved Captain
Hart, Engineer Hillman and Mrs. Cone.
Both the ladies were very hysterical
and could tell nothing about the acci
dent. They remembered being "horri
bly frightened" when the McDowell
came rushing down on them and then
they were struggling in the water,
after which all was a blank until they
were safe in a rowboat. A ha,ck was
sent for and the two ladles taken to
the Palace Hotel.
After changing their clothes none of
the men were anything the worse for
their ducking. In taring about the
tragedy Captain Hart said: "Mate
Thompson was In charge of the launch
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.X., THURSDAY, AUGUST 18, 1395.
I and the ladles, Mr. Messer and myself
were sitting in the stern. I explained
! the whistles to Mr. Thompson before
: we started so he knew what he was
about. When the launch was well un
der way we blew one long blast to np
| tify anybody outside the slip that we
| were coming. Passing out between
Broadway and Pacific street wharves
we ran close to the latter and turned
down the bay intending to run as far
as the Union Iron Works. The Mc
i Dowell was coming along behind us at
J a good clip and blew one whistle, which
jwe answered. Instead of going to star
i board, however, she came right after
\ us and struck the stern of the launch
on the port quarter and turned her
over. .She remained in that position
until she filled and then she went down
stern first. Had the McDowell held to
the course she signaled there would
have been no collision and no tragedy."
Mate Grimm's story is in a measure
the same as Captain Hart's, but he
says the Scandia blew the first whistle
and he answered it.
"I was on my way back from Alca- \
traz, where we had been pumping wa
ter," said he. "When nearing Pacific
street I hoard the launch blow one long
whistle. Then as she was leaving the
slip she saw me and blew a short
whistle. This meant 'I'll . cross your j
bow,' so I answered and slowed down
to let her pass.
"Then when about a third of the dis- !
tance that was between us was covered
I saw the launch was heading inshore. ;
I then stopped the. engines, but the Me- !
Dowell went along very fast under her '
own momentum. Then I noticed that i
the launch was stopped and those on !
board didn't seem to know what to do.
Then I rung up full speed astern and
when about seventy-five feet away
yelled to the launch, "For God's , sake
go ahead on her.' They didn't move
but all got on their feet as though elec
trified and watched us bearing down on
them. I could see the women wringing
their hands, but if anything was said
I couldn't hear it.
"In a few seconds we came together
and the McDowell struck the launch a
glancing blow on the starboard quarter,
careening her over. She drifted along
side stern down and bow out of water,
and when she was amidship I stopped
the engine? for ffir that some one
would get killed by the screw. I then
lowered the small boat with John Jen
sen and Alec Rlchter in it, but they
were too late to be of any use. If the
launch had kept on her way and
crossed our bow she .would have been
all right. Had she kept on her way in
shore I could have kept out of her
way; had she done anything but stop
dead still the collision might have been
avoided. So there you have the cause
of the trouble."
Captain Hart states most positively
that the launch was not stopped, and
that she was going at the same rate of
speed when struck as she was when
she swung out from Pacific-street
wharf.
Captain Richardson of the steamer
Sunol watched the collision from Wash
ington-street wharf. He lays the blame
of th« disaster on the man in charge of
the McDowell He says Mate Grimm
was too late In beginning to back his
vessel and that caused the collision.
The blow has completely prostrated
Mr. Paxton. At first he would not be
lieve the "news, but the full particu
lars left him no room for doubt.
"My wife, her sister, Mrp. Douplas S.
Cone of Red Bluff, and Mrs. Margaret
A. Peterson accepted the invitation of
Captain Messer to ko out on the Scan
dia's launch." said he. "Mr. Cone was
to have gone with them, but being In
disposed remained at the hotel. Mv,
wife was a good swimmer and would
have escaped had she not been entan
gled in the boat. In fact, Mr. Messer
dived after her and says he thinks he
felt her under the hull of the boat."
Mrs. Paxton was a Miss Florence
Lewis and about 30 years of age. Her
mother, Mrs. Dr. Emily A. Lewis, lives
at 2115 Webster street. Another sis
ter who was in the accident is the wife
of the well-known Red Bluff banker.
Her brother, Frank Lewis, is a clerk
in her husband's office. The deceased
was an intimate friend of the late Mrs.
James L. Flood and it seems a strange
coincidence that her death should fol
low so quickly upon that of her friend.
The Paxtons and the Messers were
also great friends and it was this
friendship which caused the former to
leave their home at 2211 Washington
street and take rooms at the Hotel
Bella Vista, where the Messers reside.
Mrs. Paxton was a beautiful woman
and had a host of friends in this city.
Soon after the accident a number of
boats began grappling for the sunken
launch. She was soon located and a
skiff was anchored over the spot. At
6:50 p. m., slack water, a diver was sent
down and in ten minutes he had a rope
fastened around the sunken launch.
The line was then made fast to the
winch on the scow from which the
diver went down and the small boat
was soon off the mud.
Both scow and submerged launch
were then taken in tow and placed
alongside the Soandia, The steamer's
powerful steam winches were soon put
to work and the launch hoisted aboard.
There was no trace of the body of
Mrs. Paxton in the wreck and the gen
eral impression ia that it was washed
out by the tide and carried away. Just
off Pacific and Jackson street wharves
and in fact all along the front the cur
rent runs like a mill race and the
chances are that the body will be car
ried away down to the Presidio and
maybe out to Bea.
THE OWL BLINKED
A JOVIAL GREETING
BOHEMIANS ENTERTAIN THEIR
LADY FRIENDS.
Sketches, Cartoons and Photos Rem
iniscent of the recent Summer
Jinks Are Much Admired.
The owl blinked Its kindest greetings to
the lady friends of the Bohemian Club
members yesterday afternoon, and the
gallant Bohemians themselves called to
their aid with most glorious results all
the arts that make entertaining- a success.
Encouraged by the great favor with
which their afternoon receptions have
been received and the unusual apprecia
tion shown at yesterday's entertainment
It is more than probable that these gath
erings will become a permanent part of
the Institution of the hospitable Bohe
mians.
There was about yesterday's reception
a delightful lack of formality that lent to
the affair a most enjoyable atmosphor<\
If there is one thing dear to the femi
nine heart it Is to wander at will through
the sacred precincts of a gentlemen's
club, and that r r rogative the ladies were
allowed to enjoy to the full. No door was
closed against them. Portals stood wide
open and the Invitation to enter, enjoy
and examine was not neglected.
Most of the crowd made Its headquar-
ters In the art gallery, where the collec
tion of photos, sketches and cartoons of
the recent summer Jinks — the ralson
d'etre of the anair — were much admired j
and thoroughly enjoyed.
In the corridor to the right was station- !
ed an orchestra and the sweet tones of '
the Instruments were heard all over the
spacious club house. In the dinlnp room j
delicate refreshments were served at
small round tables, bright with crystal i
and silver.
The reception called many peoplo back ;
to town, and afforded friends who had ■
not met for many months an opportunity
to exchange greetings. That the gowns
of the ladies were elegant, pretty and
bright, with that fluffs, airy dash about :
them that betokens summer, goes without I
saying. Reception and carriage gowns ;
predominated, although many elegant f
street costumes were seen. There %v;ts no
lack of black coats to lend the necessary
background, without which no gathering
appears to advantage, and many Bone- |
mlans were present to see to the comfort
of their guests and do the honors of the
club.
POLICE OFFICER THOMAS LANGFORD.
HE FEARED
THE POLICE
TRIBUNAL
Suicide of Officer Tom
Langford.
SHOT HIMSELF IN THE HEAD
THOUGHT HE WAS TO BE DIS
GRACED.
Tragic Ending of One of the Most
Popular Members of the
Police Depart
ment.
Financial trouble and the fear that
he would be brought before the Police
Commissioners impelled Officer Tom
Langford to commit suicide last even
ing by shooting himself in the head.
The deed was done at his residence,
2927 Octavia street.
Langford returned home shortly after
6 o'clock and was met by his 8-year-old
daughter. Picking her up in his arms
he passionately kissed her and then en
tered the house. His wife was engaged
in preparing the evening meal, and
after addressing her he sat down In the
dining-room. A few minutes later a
shot rang out. Mrs. Langford rushed
into the dining-room, and seated in a
chair sat her husband, with a bullet
hole In his head. On the floor, within
a few feet of the chair, was the revolver
with which the deed was done.
Police Officer Carroll was passing at
the time, and, rushing into the house,
he found Mrs. Langford standing over
her husband, vainly attempting to
stanch the flow of blood. She was cry-
Ing pitifully, frequently discontinuing
herefforts to stop the flow of blood to
kiss the colorless face of her dying hus
band. Carroll, realizing that Langford
was mortally wounded, at once sum
moned the patrol wagon.
The dying man was placed in It and
hurriedly driven to the Receiving Hos
pital. Drs. Wymore and Graves, after
an examination, realized that he was
beyond all human aid. They washed
the blood from his face and had him
carried into one of the wards, where he
was placed on a cot. A short time after
ward his wife, escorted by Sergeant of
Police Bethel, visited the hospital.
With a wild shriek Mrs. Langford fell
on her husband and begged him to
speak to her.
"I know he did not commit suicide,"
she moaned, "he had no reason to kill
himself."
When asked about the tragic occur
ence Mrs. Langford declared that the
pistol must have been accidentally dis
charged.
"We have always lived happily to
gether," she remarked. "Tom was a
good and true husband, and as far as I
know he did not have an enemy. Yes
terday he told me he had arrested a
man named Cunningham for vagrancy,
and that he threatened to bring him
before the Police Commissioners. The
threat seemed to worry him, but my
cheering words had a good effect on j
him.
It is true that he has had some finan
cial trouble, but as they were of such
a trivial nature I thoueht he had for
gotten them. Only a short time ago,
while he was examining his revolver,
it was discharged, the bullet lodging in
the wall. I am sure that after sitting
down he took out the revolver to ex- j
amine it, and while doing so it was ac- I
cidentally discharged the bullet taking I
effect in the head.
An examination of the wound by the j
surgeons at the hospital showed that I
the bullet had entered the right side \
of the head, passed through the brain j
and lodged over the left eve.
Some years ago the father of Lang- (
ford shot himself in a similar manner. I
He was a sergeant of police, and, be- ,
coming despondent, he decided to end !
his existence.
On the table in the room In which the
despondent officer shot himself was a
letter, which he evidently had been j
reading. It was written in a pencil and
read as follows:
Dear Lou: I don't know that lam
helping you out any, but will ask you if
y»B were around Pine and Montgomery
streets the day you lost your glasses. I !
Just heard a young lady say that she i
found a pair of pold glasses on Pine and j
Montgomery streets about three weeks!
ago. She sold them to a man whose name j
I do not know. I looked in the papers to '
see if you had advertised for them, but i
dl iL n ?l see * U - How dld >'ou Set along i
with the dress? May has written to
James. We got a letter from him on
Monday. Ma answered it. We are wait
ing to hear from you. In haste
MAMIE.
Who "Lou" or "Mamie" is the rela- i
tlves of Langford are at a loss to know. '
Their only explanation is that he !
picked up the letter while patrolling
hiß beat and started to read It after he
had reached his home.
The unfortunate man passed away
shortly after 9 o'clock, surrounded by
his wife and several fellow policemen.
Langford had been connected with the
police force for about six years and was j
held in high esteem by his superior of- J
fleers. Yesterday afternoon he called 1
on Chief Lees and asked him if it were <:
true that Cunningham intended to pre- j ,
fer charges against him. The chief told •
him not to worry until the charges j
were preferred. It is supposed that i
Langford brooded over being hauled ''
up by the Commissioners and in a fit j
of despondency he blew out his brains.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use becaue It Is pure.
THEY WILL RUN FAST.
High-Class Greyhounds Will Course
at Union Park on Saturday.
There should be first class sport at
Union Park on Saturday, as the drawing
of last evening brought out a splendid
aggregation of dogs, which are very well
matched. A lartre gathering of leashmen
witnessed "the draw," which is as fol
lows:
All-aged stake, sixty entries, total prize
money $720 —J. McCormick'B White Lily vs.
Curtis & Son's Cavalier; Pasha Kwnnel's Rich
and Artless vs. J. J. Warren's Sweet Lips;
F. Jones' Moonlight vs. N. Hottua's Correct;
: Pembroke Kennel's Magic vs. A. Johnson's
1 Llssak: A. L. Austin's Glenstone vs. Curtis &
Son's Chartist; P. McCabes Juliet vs. E. V.
! Sullivan's Mtra Monte: H. R. Baldwin's Forget
vs. J. J. Edmonds' Morning Glory; T. Gaff
ney's Sir John Arnot vs. Curtis & Son's High
land Ball; E. & R. Scott's Lord liyron vs.
A. Harder' s Golden Gate; Larkey & Rock's
Minerva vs. E. V. Sullivan's Royal Buck; M.
Nealon's Van Knapp vs. R .Walsh's Little
Doubt; Curtis & Son's Commodore vs. E. &
j R. Scott's Selilome; J. H. Perrit?o's Wayfarer
i vs. George Whitney's Theron; Curtis & Son's
j Maud S vs. C. F. Ingersol's Glen wood; Curtis
I & Son's Rosette vs. V. McCarthy's Rosebud;
j H. R. Baldwin's Grasshopper vs. J. H. Perrl
| go's Chile Pepper; F. Jones' Capidora vs. Lar
i key & Rock's Myrtle; A. Johnson's Mountain
I Beauty vs. Mission Kennel's Precita Girl;
| Simmons & Donohue's Sylvanite vs. Curtis &
Son's Miller's Maid; J. J. Smith's Bendlgo vs.
H. O'Donnell's Elma G; A. & B. Kennel's
Camilla vs. D. Hooper's Bendalong; Rusfpll &
Wilson's Jennie Wilson vs. L. Austin's Doug
las; R. E. de Lopez's Winona vs. Pembroke
Kennel's Petronlus: Pasha Kennel's Firm
Friend vs. M. C. Delano's Daisy Hill- B &
S. Kennel's Belle of Seville vs. E. & R. Scott's
Wildflower: T. J. Cronln's Magnet vs H
Duane's Defender; E. V. Sullivan's O'Grady vs'
E. & R. Scott's Daisy Deane; Pasha Kennel's
Arapahoe vs. F. C. Mack's Black Patti- J
McCormick'B White Wings vs. I. F. Halton's
Tl<- Tac; Pasha Kennel's Metallic vs. E & R
Scott's Dr. Norman.
BEATEN BY HER DAUGHTERS.
Pitiful Story Told by Mrs. Nellie
Berry of Chattanooga Street.
Mrs. Nellie Berry, 118 Chattanoopa
street, called at the Receiving Hospital
yesterday morning: and had two lacerated
wounds In her scalp stitched and dressed
by Dr. Rlnne. Amid sobs she told a piti
ful story.
She said that about S o'clock she awak
ened her two daughters, Mollle
22 years of age. and Nellie. 19. Mollle
was angry, and rushing at her struck her
on the head with the heel of her shoe,
inflicting the wounds. She begged her
daughters to give her 10 cents so that she
could take a car to the hospital to get
her wounds attended to, but they refuse,d
and- she was compelled to walk all the
way.
Her husband deserted her on June 13,
after drawing $1000 out of the Hibernia
Bank, which they had managed to save, !
and went to Honolulu. He was a brick- i
layer. Since then her two daughters had
been treating her cruelly and doing cv- !
erything to drive her out of the house
Bo that they could have entire pos
session. She had been compelled to live
and sleep in the kitchen, while her daugh
ters occupied the rest of the house and
lived sumptuously.
On July 4 they beat her so badly that
she had to go to the City and County !
Hospital for treatment. They had also '
endeavorod to have her arrested for in- j
sanity, but did not succeed. One of her
daughters was employed in a millinery |
store on Market street, near Mason, and I
the other kept houst.
CHINESE LOTTERY DEAL.
The Tai Loy Company Refuses to
Honor a Ticket That Won a
Big Prize.
The ways of the Chinese lottery men are '
peculiar and may be exposed in the Police j
Court. The Tal I,oy Company is the of
fending organization, through its mana
ger. Buck Gui, agent for "Big Jim."
Moses Silverstein, who has an office in
the Mills building, purchased a ticket i
from a Chinese lottery dealer a few nights j
ago. The agent was arrested the same i
night by the Chinatown squad, and when '
searched fifteen tickets were found in his
possession, one of them bearing Silver
stein's name on the back. A few hours
later the Chinese was bailed out and the
Chinese who deposited the bail on look
!"F! "F at the tickets said that the one with :
*Hi£ ers * ♦I? 5 n . ame . had drawn a prize of j
$1200 at that night's drawing.
When the ticket was presented the next '
day at the office of the Tai Loy Com- I
pany payment was refused. Buck Gui as
serting that the ticket had not drawn a
prize and thjtt the police and- the agent
had combined to swindle the company by
marking tho ticket after the results of
the drawing had become known
The action of the company is the talk
of Chinatown, and will have the effoct of
doing considerable injury to the Chinese
lottery business, especially among white
people. Silverstein has placed the matter i
In the hands of Attorney Archie Camp
bell.
WANTED FOR EXTORTION.
J. W. Williams, proprietor of a res
taurant at 9 and 11 Fourth street, swore
to a complaint in Judß-o Conlan's court
yesterday for the arrest of Frank P.
McCann and "John Doe" Pasale on the
charge of extortion.
Williams purchased the restaurant re
cently for $800 from G. J. Dickens, who
had leased It to a man named Vincent.
.Vincent had run up a bill of $25 with
Mau, Sadler & Co, and Monday last Mc-
Cann and Pasale went to the restaurant
representing themselves as Deputy Sher
iffs and claiming that they had an attach
ment for the bill due Mau, Sadler & Co.
A demurrer was entered by Williams
against paying Vincent's debts, but after
some talk he paid over the $25 rather than
have the place attached. He later dis
covered that McCann and Pasale had
made false representations to him about
being Deputy Sheriffs or an attachment
being issued.
The Alaska Is Sa£e.
A letter, dated July 13, received from
Cape Prince of Wales convoys the infor
mation that the bark Alaska, which left
here about three months ago, Is at that
place waiting until a river boat which
I she took ; up with her can-be put together.
; An engineer .was. engaged to take charge
j of this work, but he refused to go at the
; last, minute. 'claiming the wages were not
i high enough, and a blacksmith has been
i engaged to put it together and run it.
i The author of the letter thinks -it will be
I at least a month before the Alaska can
■ : get away: According, to the letter, the
I Alaska would still be safely at anchor In
• the harbor at the northern point. '
_.
AN OLYMPIAN IS CHAIRMAN.
W. I" Loos Gets the Cyclers" Associa
tion Road Racing Committee.
Charles A. Adams, president of the
California Associated Cycling Clubs, yes
terday announced the appointment of
William L. Loos as chairman of the road
racing and records committee of the as
sociation. The position was left vacant
by the resignation of Chester S. Myrick v
fortnight ago.
While the appointment meets with gen
eral favor, owing to Mr. Loos' well known
ability in an executive position, it was
thought by many that President Adams
would advance one of the other members
of the committee to the chairmanship in
recognition of past sendees, and th.» fact
is commented upon that Mr. Loos is cup
tain of President Adams' own club, the
Olympic Wheelmen, and that the formpr
chairman. Myrick, also came from ths
same club.
The committee is one of the most im
portant In the association, as it has
charge of the conduct of all the big road
races, two of which are soon to be run
off, the tweny-mlle on September 18 and
the ten-mile on Octoh.-r 9,
» ♦ ■ -• ■»
THE BISMARCK MEMOIRS. "
It Is Expected They Will Appear Be
fore Chvistmas.
Retired private citizen though he was,
tt Is literally true that the death of no
other human being- ever commanded such
extensive chronicling in the public press
as that of the maker of the German Em
pire. It would be physically impossible
for any man to read in a year what
the European newspapers have printed
iihiiut Bismarck in the current week. Ow
ing' to his residence on the other side
the Prince was deprived of the opportu
nity enjoyed by all San Franciscans of
having their clothes made by Charles Ly
ons, the London Tailor. Lyons has just
received his first installment of fall goods,
and has an immense line of fine English
cloths in black and blue diagonals, serges
and Scotch cheviots, from which he
makes suits to order from $17 50 up. HA
has also a fine line of English trouser
ings at I', per pair to order. Lyons" main
store, and wholesale warehouse Is at 721
Market street. In the Bancroft building,
and he has another store at 302 Kearay
street, corner of Bush. •
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
3 -DAY SPECIALS 1
Some interesting
wholesale prices.
COFFEE, Java and Mocha, lb 30c
Roasted or Ground.
S : This extremely "delicious " *$,'.
Coffee is regularly sold for 40c.
0 X BOURBON, bot. 75c, 3 bots. $2.60
• ■•-"••> '.-;: ■■■-- ; Gallon $3.00
A fine old family
Whisky.
■. Regular price $1 and J4.
BUTTEB, square 49c
Choice creamery-
ANGELICA WINE, bot. 35c, 3 bots. $1.0?
Old, ■ good and pure. : "
Regular price 50c.
PARLOR MATCHES, 4 pkgs. 25c
♦ > v "Ideal Brand"— none better. ... , . 
Regular price, . 3 packages : for 23c.
Agency for the celebrated IDEAL COFFEH
POT. "
21 STOCKTON ST., 1 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
■ ■ Near Market. ' Corner Lombard. '
Telephone Main £522. : ' Telephone West 152.
Catalogue free. Particular attention given to
Country Orders. Freight paid 100 miles.
-*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-»-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o*-o-»-
o ■ CASH OR LITTLE- AT-A-TIME. O
o I■. ii* o
♦ I
I CRIBS, (j>3:°2: j
4 A HARDWOOD CHILD'S CRIB, ' 4
O URASS TRIMMINGS. O
♦ Size 60x30 Inches, . "' ; ♦ ;
1 A SPECIAL FOR THIS WEEK, ♦
1 53.00. j
2 Br^^lAC^f^s"^ J
♦ ETC - OUR PRICES LOWER THAN' ♦
° THOSE OF CASH HOUSES. J O
° J. NOON AN, J
a Complete House-Furnisher,
o 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST., O
♦ Above Sixth. -J
2 'Phone South 14. Open Evenings. +
iiIWARE.
,: SOMETHING' NICE FOR YOUR TABLE.
6-inch Decorated China 1 f\s\
"Fruit Plates. .....:... 1 Wv>
A few fine Fish Sets at ; special
prices from $6 to $13.50. .v. v
CHINA painted TO order.
Broken Pieces in : Dinner Sets Matched.
WILL & FINCK CO.,
820 Market Street".';
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
tvAP r». Full Set of Teeth -
i&VI / a Z&^ extracting free $S «» U P
. V \jJ4jL£*3b'-* Gold Crowns 22k 5" "P
«s e -^Kv^trv FillinK'J - - - 25Cts. up
r^^^^TS VAN VROOW!
"^JITiFwvVJ* Electro Dental Parlors
■ - *mI WS^ Sixth and Market
~ Dr. G W. KleiseiyProp.'
I)rTmcnulty.
niHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABT/R OLD
• J. Specl»llstcMrf*I > rJvuto,NervonB,ondlJlooaX)l^
enses of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and.
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20y'rs' experience
Patients cun>diu Home. Terms reawnnhlj-. Hour*o
toSdal!y;B:3otoB:3oev'gs. Sundays, 10 C-pnsul-
ree and sacredly confidential- Cull.or address
• Dr. P. KOHCOK McXinLTY,)
««J^ Kearay St., »»n Francisco, C«.