VOL.TJME LXXXIV.-NO. 181.
DEATH'S GRIM HARVEST ABOARD
THE STEAMER T. C. WALKER
AT LEAST SIX
NAMES ON THE
LIST OF KILLED
Scenes of Awful Suffering F°llow
log t^e Explosion Near
StOC^tOQ.
Magnificent H^roisn) of Worsen in Caring for
t\)e Unfortunates Scalded by the
Escaping Stean).
STOCKTON*, Nov. 27.— At least six
persons were killed and over a score
Injured by an explosion that occurred
at 4:20 o'clock this morning 1 aboard the
California Navigation and Improve
ment Company's steamship T. C.
Walker on the up trip from San Fran
cisco to Stockton. When near -.fourteen
mile Slough the steam drum burst with
terrific violence, scattering death and
destruction throughout the forward end
of the vessel. The four walls of the en
gine-room -were demolished and the
lower deck, hurricane deck and Texas
deck directly over the engine-room were
wrecked. The direction of the flying
debris was upward and autward toward
the bow; Hut for this the loss of life
would have been much greater, as most
of the passengers occupied staterooms
toward the rear of the vessel. The
damage to the T. C. Walker will not
■■•! $2000. The cause of the disas
ter may never be known, but rumors
are afloat here to the effect that the
T. C. Walker's boilers were carrying a
greater steam pressure than was safe.
The death-dealing accident occurred
just as the boat was leaving Turners
Landing", at Black SJuugh, fourteen
miles beio-.v 3t» kt.-n. Ti;e first inti
mation of trouble was the escape of
steam, followed by a sharp report
•which shook the boat from stem to
stern, making the timbers creak, dis
abling the electric light plant and leav
ing the boat in total darkness.
The terrified passengers rushed out
to find the dead and dying in the for
ward part of the boat. Heartrending
moans from the unfortunates and
screams from the women passengers
made an impression on those present
which time never can efface.
The officers quickly got out lanterns
provided for such emergencies and the
work uf Investigation and rescue began.
Glass and other debris were scattered
over the decks, the pilot house was
destroyed and tl. forward part of the
boat a mass of wreckage.
Engineer Henry was found dying in
his statero* and it was with con
siderable difficulty that he was extri
cated.
Captain Tulan. whose room was near
the pilot-house, was shut in and had to
be extricated with axes. When re
leased he. was so scalded that the
flesh drnT'ji ■>'. from his limbs and ad
hered to his steam-soaked clothes.
W. A. Blunt, foreman at the sugar
beet ranch, happened to be below, and
died as he was being carried to the
upper deck. It was some time before
his indcatity was discovered.
There was not a drop of medicine on
board. The crew, in desperation, tore
down piles of freight until they found
a case of sweet oil. Flour was brought
from the kitchen .d an angel ap
peared on the sc:ne in the person of
Mrs. Frances Robinson of 1131 % Har
rison street, San Francisco. This lady
13 a trained nurse, and was formerly at
St. Luke's. She came down among the
sufferers in her nightrobe and in bare
feet and began mixing oil and flour,
AS THE WALKER APPEARED AFTER THE EXPLOSION.
The San Francisco Call
which she applied, binding up the
fearful burns w.th strips of sheets,
which a member of the crew stood by
!ig up. No doctor was aboard and
the woman, with wonderful nerve,
worked and directed the men. The cold
morning wind swept through the
wrecked boat, dealing what would have
been certain death to many wounded
had she not been equal to the emer
gency.
One Italian deckhand was below in
I the water and others jumped Into the
river in their desperation to relieve
the awful agony. While part of the
crew rescued the? . from the water oth
i ers improvised a hospital and worked
I heroically.
There is no telephone or telegraph
at the point of the disaster. One of
the officers, engaging a rig at a ranch
near by, drove desperately to Stockton
and gave the alarm. Every doctor in
the city was called out and the steam
ship Clara Crow made ready to go to
the scene with surgeons and necessary
appliances.
While this work of rescue was being
arranged the steamship Dauntless came
up the river, and in spite of their
awful sufferings those on board the
Walker could not refrain from cheers.
As soon as signaled the Dauntless
came alongside, and every officer and
man was ordered on board the Walker
to assist in the work of rescue.
It was found that the Walker was
so badly crippled she could not pro
ceed, and it was decided to bring the
! injured to Stockton on the Dauntless.
Litters were made ready and the suf
ferers were carried to the lower deck
and laid in rows, with one dead already
■ among them. The awful scene was only
j relieved by the heroic work of the
; nurse, assisted by Miss Keagle and
other brave women as they moved
among the victims. The body of Cap
tain Tulan was carried to a room, as
was that of Henry, whose wife, herself
fatally injured, pathetically called his
name. When all had been transferred
the Dauntless proceeded to Stockton.
On the crowded deck were many able
j to walk, but their faces were swathed
, in bandages.
Three miles below the mouth of the
channel the Clara Crow met the boat
and six surgeons went aboard and be
i gan administering to the sufferers until
additional medical aid arrived on a
steam launch.
The scene on the lower deck of the
Dauntless was distressing. Around one
dead man lay several In agony, oth
ers lulled to insensibility by heavy
opiates.
At the landing place vast throngs
were already gathered. Many had
relatives on the Walker, and as
usual, conflicting rumors were afloat.
The suspense and uncertainty were
responsible for many scenes of hys
teria among women as the boat came
into view. The uninjured all tried to be
first to wave to waiting loved ones a
signal of safety.
After the passengers were discharged
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1898.
JOHN TuIAN, Captain of the T. C.
Walker.
WATSON HENRY, Engineer of the T.
C. Walker.
MRS. WATSON HENRY.
W. A. BLUNT, Foreman of Boggs' Beet
Sugar Company.
JERRY DAI LEY, Fireman of the T. C.
Walker.
FERDINAND LAW, Passenger.
THE INJURED:
JOHN HOLDSBERG, Night Watchman;
Dying.
G. FOPPIANO, San Francisco; Dying.
JOHN FIGONI, Deckhand, Head Cut and
Back Hurt.
EDWARD P, JONES, Stevedore, Hurt
on the Head and Hands.
JAMES CORCORAN, Deckhand, Scalded
about the Neck, Hands and Face.
JOHN BURNS, Deckhand, Burned about
the Head.
C. DOMINICK, Deckhand, Scalded on the
Face; Head and Back Injured.
GEORGE V. SMITH of Boston, Mass.,
Deckhand, Injured on the Back, Face and
Body; Scalded.
MARTIN fIcCAFFREY of San Francisco,
Deckhand, Slightly Scalded on the Head.
Fully ten others, who were removed
hastily to their homes, suffered injuries that
were painful, but not serious.
THE LATE CAPTAIN JOHN TULAN OF THE T, C. WALKER.
the grim scenes began. Patrol and
ambulances backed up and trip after
trip was made to the Receiving Hos
pital. Then came the dead wagon. It
made a half-dozen trips to the Morgue
before It's day's work was over. The
entire city seemed to be one of mourn
ing.
Nine men having no homes here were
taken to the Receiving Hospital. The
less dangerously injured were sent out
to the County Hospital in carriages.
Mrs. Watson Henry, wife of the chief
engineer, died at her home soon after
being brought to this city. Jerry
Dailey, a fireman, died at the Receiving
Hospital. Both bodies, with those of
Tulan. Blunt, Henry and Law are In
the Morgue, making six dead In all.
The scene had its heroes as well as
its heroines. One poor Italian on board
was burned terribly, but refused to
give his name, saying his wife would be
alarmed and he wanted to be the first
to break the news to her.
Many rumors are afloat as to the
:ause of the explosion. It is said the
steamer left the landing with 160
>ounds of steam, when her boilers could
Hand but 150.
John York and wife of this city were
the first to be awakened by the explo
sion. Mr. York says the first incident
to attract unusual attention occurred at
8 o'clock last night, when the steamship
ran Into a mud bank near Denicla. She
got oft all light and everybody was
THE DEAD:
asleep when the explosion occurred
this morning. Mr. York noticed during
the night a very peculiar noise, such
as would have been made by escaping
steam. It gave Mrs. York some con
cern, but he assured her that it was
nothing unusual, and they were both
sound asleep when the explosion oc
curred.
The report was like the boom of a
cannon. Just then Mr. York heard a
passenger going past his room groan
ing with pain, as if seriously hurt. Mr.
York got out as quickly as possible, and
going forward saw a great hole torn
out of the front of the boat from the
boiler room up to the pilot house. The
whole front of the cabin was a mass of
splinters.
Chief Engineer Henry had retired be
fore the disaster. He and his wife oc
cupied a stateroom under the pilot
house and were biown out of bed and
thrown some distance by the explosion.
The screams of the men who were
locked in their rooms near the pilot
house were heartrending. Captain John
Tulan had been blown from his bed
against the door of the state room, and
so seriously burned that he could not
move. The door could not be forced
open and he was jammed up against it.
One of the employes of the boat ob
tained an ax and cut the upper part
away. Although the captain was suf
fering as few people are called upon
to suffer, be bore it bravely and .not
MRS. FRANCES ROBINSON, THE HEROINE OF THE T, C. WALKER DISASTER
CARING FOR THE VICTIMS OF THE EXPLOSION,
a groan escaped him after he was taken
out of the steam.
One of the remarkable escapes was
that of Captain Henry Potvine, who
was at the wheel of the Walker when
the explosion occurred. The pilot-house
was torn away, but he was not dan
gerously injured, although he is some
what scalded about the lower limbs.
When the survivors had all left the
Dauntless the colors were run to half
mast. Many business houses evinced
the public sorrow for the calamity by
doing likewise.
At 1 o'clock the "Walker was sighted,
towed by the Clara Crow. Shortly
afterward she was made fast at her
wharf. The lower deck forward was a
mass of wreckage; piles of bloody
sheets, bedding and pillows showed
how blood had flowed before Mrs. Rob
inson and her corps of volunteer nurses
bound up the wounds. Windows were
smashed and the space under the pilot
house was blown out as if by dyna
mite.
Manager Corcoran Is Indignant over
the claim that the boilers could not
carry 160 pounds of steam. He says
they would carry 300 pounds and that
any board would have made such an
authorization.
"It is one of those terrible calamities
which will happen. We do not know
jus=t how it happened and never will.
The boilers of the Walker were in
splendid condition," said Mr. Corcoran,
quietly. Not a nerve flinched as he
spoke and he watched the unloading
of the freight aa though nothing had
happened.
Herman Shafter, the cabin watch
nan on the Walker, said:
"I had just stepped out of the cabin
and was walking forward when the
boiler blew up. The electric lights were
going at the time, but everything was
dark in an instant. Hot steam was
pouring up from below. I did not know
for the moment what had happened. I
heard some one say, 'Hold this lady,'
and afterward I found that it was Mrs.
Henry, the wife of the engineer. She
was blown forward to the very bow of
the boat. When we went up to Henry's
room we found that it had been
wrecked. He was lying on the broken
timbers of the floor. His body was half
way through and was hanging across
one of the beams, which prevented him
falling."
In their once happy home the remains
of Henry and his wife lay to-night.
The survivors of the disaster cannot
say too much in praise of Mrs. Frances
Robinson of San Francisco and Mrs. C.
H Keagle, wife of C. H. Keagle of the
Farmers' and Merchants' Bank of this
city. The wounded presented a shock
ing appearance, and their cries of an
guish were such as to unnerve some of
the men who heard them, but they did
not cow these brave women. Daniel W.
Webster of Vallejo and Dr. Davis of
Oakland were on the Dauntless and as
sisted in the removal of the wounded
and the dead from the Walker. Dr.
Davis says he never saw any person
use such good, practical and efficient
measures to help the wounded as did
Mrs. Robinson. The next best worker
in assisting the wounded, he says, was
Mrs. Keagle. The scenes were horri
ble. Many women fainted at the sight
and others were unable to assist from
terror. Charlotte P. Ebbets of 1401 Jones
street, San Francisco, helied the engi
neer's wife, Mrs. Henry, and did not
give up her post until Mrs. Henry had
been removed to her home to die.. Of
the work of Mrs. Robinson another pas
senger is quoted as saying:
"I found the forward part of the boat
below demolished, and "it was some time
before any of us could reach the lower
deck, as the stairs were gone. After a
little a ladder was brought and we went
down. Mrs. Robinson did not wait for
a ladder. When she knew what had
happened and heard the cries of the
scalded men she handed her two-year
old child to her husband and. went down
the dumb waiter shaft, out of which
the elevator was taken for the pur
pose. There were no surgical appli
ances onjjonrd, but she tore sheets into
bandages; saturated them with sweet
oil, of which there was plenty, covered
the scalded sufferers with flour and
soon had the wounded easier, though
many of them cried and moaned piti
fully all the way up. I never saw a
woman work so hard or so effectively
as that noble woman did."
Miss Anna M. Budlong, a teacher of
this city, was on the boat. She was so
greatly excited that as soon as she was
landed at the Union Transportation
Company's dock she started for home
on the run and did not stop running
until she was safe inside her gate.
Mr. Reaber is accustomed to engage
room 3 on the Walker when he makes
a trip. When he applied for this room
last evening he was disappointed to
find that it had been engaged. He was
told that it was occupied by three
young girls who were going to Antioch.
He contented himself with room 26.
Room 3 was nearly over the spot at
which the explosion occurred, and had
Mr. Reaber taken it he would have
been in the hospital now, if not at the
Morgue. As the girls landed at An
tioch the room was empty when the
explosion came.
M. L. Schiff, a San Francisco com
mercial traveler, was on the ill-fated
steamer. He occupied room 40. Tell
ing of his experience he said:
"I was aslee~ -vhen the explosion oc
curred. The concussion was so terrific
that it almost threw me out of my
berth. The lights all went out immedi
ately after the explosion, and it was
some time before I could collect my
senses and convince myself that we
were not goinr to the bottom of the
river. Mingled with the noise of es
caping steam could be heard the moans
of the wounded and the nervous
screaminer of women and children that
made one's blood creep with fear. It
was an experience I would not care to
go thro. Th again for a great deal of
money."
The hand of fate seems to have de
scended on the California Navigation
and Improvement Company. It had
$75,000 invested in the H. J. Corcoran,
and the vessel was a failure for the
purposes for which she was built. The
J. D. Peters sank se\ _ral weeks atro,
and the third disaster this morning has
brought death and destruction.
The Inquests will he held to-morrow.
THE UNFORTUNATE STEAMER T. C. WALKER.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
be -inning at 3 o'clock. A deluge of
damage suits against the company is
expected. The story of Professor York
that he heard steam escaping during
the night will be investigated.
In consequence of the disabling of
the Peters and the Walker the naviga
tion company has no boat to send to
San Francisco to-night on the sched
uled trip. At present it has but one
boat running — the Mary Garrett, which
left San Francisco at 6 o'clock this
evening for Stockton. It is said the
H. J. Corcoran, which has been laid up
for the winter, will be put on in- place
of the Walker within a day or two.
DOUBT AS TO
THE CAUSE
Officials Declare the Boilers
Were in Excellent
Condition.
Inquiry among the officers of the Cali
fornia Navigation and Improvement
Company in this city regarding the
cause of the disaster aboard the T. C.
Walker brought forth no definite infor
mation. Nothing had been learned by
them from Stockton. They professed to
be unable to advance even a theory.
Cantain C. D. Clarke, the company's
agent, said the machinery and boilers
of the luckless steamboat were in the
best of condition, the latter having un
dergone the official test before the Gov
ernment inspectors a few months aso.
Chief Engineer Barber of the Mary
Garrett made substantially the same
statement. .".'_•'
Engineer Henry was chief engineer
of the compar- and was only relieving
Charles Sampon, the regular engineer,
for this trip.
John K. Bulger, Assistant United
States Local Inspector of Boilers, said
the boilers of the T. C. Walker were
tested last April to a hydraulic pressure
of 250 pounds to the square inch, and
registered for a pressure of 170 pounds.
The boilers were made in 1893 and were
in excellent condition as was demon
strated by the careful test. Fifteen
years is a safe life for such class of
boilers, and those of the Walker had
never been subjected to great strain. In
their six years' work. . •
Guiseppe Fappiano resides with his
family at IM> Edith place, off Dupont
street, between Greenwich and Lom
bard. He was a passenger on his way.
to Stockton. He is engaged as a helper
at tire Palace Baths, in this city, and is2
the father of four grown-up children
two sons and two daughters— the
youngest- of whom is 14 years of age.
CAREER OF
CAPTAIN TULAN
Began Steamboat Life on the
: ." : " Sacramento River in
;•?••••:;• ■■■. . ithe." Sixties.
Captain. • John Tuian, like Mark
Twain, llegan his. steamboat career as
a : "pilot ; s cub." It was on the San
Joaquin. almost thirty years ago, when,
fhe jGrysopqiis, the Capital and the
Yosemite - were floating palaces on the
Sacramento.. That was before the mud
from- upper river mines had 'shoaled
that noble stream and raised sandbars
agaiiist everything exuept the light
dravlg.h'i stern-wheelers. ' It was on the
old SanJoaquln before, the coming of
the : rsiilroad, the dredger, the gang-
TjJpW: and the forty-horse harvester,
v.-heit; the river ran swift and clear and
cold from the Sierra snows, and the
•;.-. wheel ispokes must fly if the fast-ilying
• craft dodged' the snag just ahead.
• '•■'•-• This was. the time when "Pilot Cub"
■'••.■Jehnnie Tulan.- learned to thread the
'. ■e.ttt-offs", skim the topa from the. sand
sho.als, dodge sunken logs and be a
: : 'steamboat man in the early sixties. He
'•'•.'Kfts-a pupil arid protege of the noted]
■'•til'd. "up-ri\ " pilot, Captain "Jack"
■ ' ''Jrz.ea.f-,' an 'board the Clara Crow. Cap
: tali* "•Jack" one day found the boy :
. ••• • ; hclLng; on the levee at Sacramento. ;
, /. The- 'youngster' was waiting for the
.-. vhira .Crow to tie up alongside the old j
•-hu-l-k that- did duty for a wharf at the j
-"'•"•foot "of j .'street- Before the gangplank
•. 'A^as run out he was aboard, and climb
. ing the ladder to the pilot house.
*:.,-. -'I'm a-going with you, Captain I
'Jack,,' "the youngster said, and took his
■ place. oh the.'.port side of the wheel op
• "popite; the- skipper.
,-'•. Captain "Jack" went out soon after |
V' ■to- '-superintend- the casting off of the ;
• lints, and tor a few moments forgot all ;
■•-.. iabuut the Jboy. When he re-entered the
.' • house to. grasp the wheel spokes the
. .young Sacramentan was still there. It
" \y;iS too. late to send him ashore, as the
*' ■ rapid- Sacramento had the steamship in
:. : its. clutches and was rushing her to- j
. ward the "bay." So Tulan made his j
first voyage.
G'rear took a liking to the determined
boy and arrangements were made with
his' people, which permitted John Tulan
t<> play •"pilot's cub" in Captain •'Jack"
Grear's wheelhouse for eight years.
When Captain William Corcoran -got
several boats together and started the
California Navigation and Improve
ment Company, Captain Tulan went
into his employ. He was mate, pilot
and captain on the Ellen, Freese. Har
riet, and Leader; then captain of the
Walker. In all his steamboat life he
was intensely devoted tn his vocation.
He never married, and never sought the
association of the gentler sex. Hie
• world was his hurricane deck and his
home' his pilot house.
• ' ;"One of the kindest-hearted men in
• tjve world." was the eulogy of his ac
. quairitances, and this will be his uni
versal epitaph.
.Two brothers, Peter and Andrew Tv
: lan, are- residents <\f Stockton, th. 1 for
• mer -with Wellf-Fargo's Express Com
- ."■pahy. of that city and the latter a pen
.' finned member of the fire department.
.'••■• Piolice Officer Peter Richter, living at
• ; \1.908' Jones street, in this city, is a
Cousin of the dead captain.
•John Tulan was born in the Capital
• City about thirty-nine years ago.
MISSED THE BOAT
AT RIO VISTA
Prominent Men Would Have
Been Passengers Had They
Made Faster Time.
A number, of .well known men, some
representing the Government on Com
mittee, of Rivera and Harbors, narrow
ly ("-scaped, being among the passengers
pn.Mhe: ill-fated steamer.
The party consisted of Hugh Corco
ran, president- ' the California Navi
gation and Improvement Company,
Which owns th" Walker; Congressman
Marion .de Vries, Major Heuer, United
States army, and Edward Leake, the
•well known newspaper man. They left
Sacramento at 8 o'clock Saturday
morning, arrived at Elkhorn at 12
o^clock noon and Rio Vista at 7 p. m.,
p/ime three hours after the steamer
had pasL;d on her way to Stockton.
;They were on the steamer Amora,
and had they made connection with the
Walker would have taken passage
on it,. '
THE CALL EXTRAS
GAVE THE NEWS
Three Editions Sent Out With
. ; .^ Coniplete Accounts of the
"< : . : '. " : ■■'■': Disaster.
•••.•■ San. Francisco and, in fa. , interior
:. residents from Sacramento as far south
as' ■ Bakersfield, were given further
• prod* . yesterday of the . superiority
of. The Call's news service, the
second demonstration within a week, in
giving l to the public the news of the T.
C. Walker faster.
While its .moribund contemporaries
tpete: still figuring on how to get the
news, even of the most meager descrip
tion, The Call had the nev i in type and
a f£w minutes later the first Call extra
was on : the streets. This lightning
work, co disheartened the others that
they abandoned all attempts to make
■ b.eii>vt! they were alive.
The Call's first extra contained a
complete and graphic account of the
disaster, with a complete list of dead
up to that hour, as well as the nam#es of
the injured. A seee d extra followed
ifl less than a half hour with additional
details and the complete passenger list
ofthe.Ateamer. This was followed in a
sh.cr.t time by a third extra containing
a Revised list o| dead, two of the in
jured having succumbed, and an ac
(■oiint of the arrival of the passengers
and crew at Stockton.
The third extra was issued in time to
catch every afternoon train leaving th»
city* so that the reading public
throughout the greater portion of the
State was benefited by The Call's enter
prise. . This i? the second time within
a week that The Call "has distanced its
rivals in the dissemination of great
news events. ■
. • OAKLAND, Nov. 27.— Call scored
;. Another.- point to-day, -when that paper
m published extras containing news of" the
• . ' • ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
What virtue there is in
bare cleanliness !
. Pears' soap does nothing
but cleanse, it has no medi-
cal properties; but it brings
. the color of health, and
health itself. Give it time.
frightful explosion on the Stockton
steamer T. C. Walker, and the conse
quent loss of life. The Call extras
reached this city early in the day, and
were the only extras peen on this side
of the bay from the Dress of San Fran
cisco or Oakland. ™
That this stroke of enterprise met
with the hearty appreciation of the
people of Oakland was evidenced by the
:iess with which the copies were
taken up, and the rapidity with which
the corps of newsboys disposed of them.
only to hasten again to The Call's local
bureau to procure additional copies. It
was indeed the method of dispatch,
giving the details of the disaster, that
the readers on this side of the bay ap
preciated, and its exclusiveness again
proved The Call's superiority in dis
seminating news of importance with a
promptness that can be attributed only
to the enterprise and ingenuity of a
modern daily newspaper..
HISTORY OF
THE WALKER
Was Built in 1885 for the
First Opposition
Line.
The steamer T. C. Walker was built
by her namesake. Captain T. C. Walker,
at Stockton, in I&SS, at a coat of $50,
000. She was 200 feet long, 38-foot beam
and carried four IS-foot boilers. She
had a boiler, main and hurricane, or
Texas, decks, with the staterooms built
into each. The steam drum, the blow
ing up of which caused the frightful
calamity of yesterday, was situated
under the dining saloon, forward state
rooms on the man and Texts decks and
the pilot house.
Captain Walker built the boat to run
in opposition to the old Stockton Steam
Navigation Company. He had pre
viously built the City of Stockton, in
1876, and the Mary Garrat, in 1877, and
to these boats he added the Walker.
He operated at a loss for three years,
when he sold out to his competitors.
The Navigation Company kept up the
line for three years longer, when a new
company was incorporated— the pres
ent. California Navigation and Im
provement Company — and the Walker
was turned over to them. She was laid
up for three years after the transfer,
and when again put Into service her
passenger and deck room had been ln
•,1 by one-third and numerous
other improvements made, which ma
terially added to her value. . Captain
Walker is of the opinion that she was
w.u-th as much at the time of the ex
plosion as on the day that he slid her
down the ways at Stockton for her first
trip to this city.
NOMINATIONS OF OFFICERS
PROMOTED FOR GALLANTRY
There Is a Prospect of a Renewal of
the Controversy Over the Merits
of Schley and Sampson.
NEW YORK, Nov. 27.— The Washington
correspondent of the Herald telegraphs:
President McKinley will send to the Ben
ate next week the nominations of a large'
number .of officers promoted for gallantry
dlsplayeaN^urinq; the war.
Among the nominations will be that of
Naval Constractor Hobson, who sank the
Merrimac in the mouth of the harbor of
Santiago. Just what reward will be given
him has not been determined, but it is
thuught in naval circles he will prefer
r to the line, though Chief Naval
Constructor Hichborn ha.« urg«J that he
be promoted eight numbers irf the con
struction corps.
The nominations of Rear Admirals
Sampson and Schley will, it Is expected,
reopen the controversy regarding the re
spective merits of the two officers, and
fmm what friends of Rear Admiral Schley
say there is evidence that another effort
will be made to call up a resolution giv
ing him the thanks of Congress.
The Navy Department has not spent all
of its ammunition in connection with
Schley's proposal to go to Kov \\>st after
he was told Cervera was at Santiago. In
un appendix to the report of Captain A.
S. ("rowninshield, chief of the bureau of
navigation, are several reports bearing
on this incident. The authorities do not
believe the resolutions will pass, and will
exercise their influence to prevent it.
•—• — ~
GREAT NORTHERN BUYS
WEST VIRGINIA COAL
Alarm at Pittsburg Over the Report
of the Placing of a Big
Contract.
PITTSBURG, Nov. 27.— The Dispatch to
morrow will say it has reliable authority
for stating that the Great Northern Rail
road Company has placed contracts with
West Virginia coal operators for 500,000
tons of coal at $1 23, delivered at San
dusky, the delivery to extend throughout
1899 Jfime? J. Hill, president of the Great
Northern, in reply to a telegram, says:
"This company does not publish its pur
chases of coal or other material."
It is generally believed here that the
contracts have been made arid the fact is
viewed with apprehension by the Pitts
burg operators, as it is evident that West
Virginia is usurping the trade hitherto
held by Pittsburg, by giving a rate ma
terially lower than the local operators
can. In fact, offers have been made by
West Virginia mine owners to Pittsburg
operators to furnish all the coal wanted
for $1 20 delivered at Sandusky. This is
made possible by a lower mining scale,
and better freight rates. The net cost
to a Plttsburg opf-rator under present
conditions for delivery at Sandusky is
?1 88%.
NO REASON FOR THE
DELAY IN CONSTRUCTION
Congressman Loud Says Work on the
New Postoffice Building Should
Proceed on Time.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 27. — Congressman
Loud, chairman of the Postofflces and
Postroads Committee, has always given
close attention to San Francisco's new
postofflce building. He said to-night he
couid see no reason for delay in the con
struction of the superstructure. The
foundation has been laid for some months,
and the contract let to a Pittsburg firm
for the steel work. It was stipulated In
the specifications and contract wiih this
firm tluir the steel fraire work was to
be completed by February next, about
two months from now.
"So far as I was able to observe, said
I,oud "nothing has been done. The ma
terial is not even on the ground yet. I
Intend to see the Treasury Department
about the matter at the first opportun
ity."
Skylight Won First Money.
SACRAMETNTO, Nov. 27.— There was a
good attendance on the opening day of
the courting season at Agricultural Park
to-day. The weather was soft and pleas
ant, the hares and hounds were in good
shape, and the sport exciting. Betting on
the various heats was quite brisk. There
will be weekly coursing during the winter.
Twenty-eight dogs ran at to-day's meet
ing. Skylight won first; Mail Carrier sec
ond; Constable third and Teddy Hale
fourth.
Crushed TJnder Train Wheels.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 27.— M. Meritall, a
section employe, was brought to the Rail
road Hospital from Los Banos, in the San
Joaquin Valley, to-day with both legs ter
ribly crushed. While riding on a freight
car he fell and was run over. Both legs
were amputated above the knees. His re
covery is doubtful.
Snyder Succeeds Winchell.
ST. LOTia, Nov. 27.— Bryan Snyder, as
sistant general freight agent of the St.
Louis and San Francisco Railroad, has
been appointed to succeed B. L. Winchell
as general passenger agent.
Will Take Troops to Cuba.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Nov. 27. -The trans
port Chester will sail to-morrow mornini
with the Fifteenth United States Infantr
for .Neuvitas, Cuba. Tha regiment ha
about 1300 men and officers-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 31ONDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1898.
THREE NEGROES LYNCHED
BY A MOB OF FARMERS
An Assault Upon a White Man Causes Missis
sippians to Take Summary
Vengeance.
MERIDIAN, Miss., Nov. 27.— Reports have reached Here that
three negroes were lynched last night four miles west of Meridian.
New ton County farmers are said to be on the trail of others implicated
in an assault on a white man, who came to Meridian Friday from
Newton County, and was pursued and fired upon by the negroes.
A mob of armed farmers left for the scene, and while no definite news
had been received from him it is believed that they have summarily
dealt with the blacks.
Early to-day a frightened negro reported to the Sheriff that a mob
of white men was shootinjr into the negro houses and threatening to
kill every negro in the community. He said they fired over a hun
dred shots into the house of the ringleader of Friday's trouble. The
Sheriff organized a posse and started for the scene, but on arrival
could find no trace of the white men nor any corpses. However, the
three negroes concerned in the outrage had "disappeared," and it is
said the mob had taken them in charge.
ACTOR COULDOCK
OFF LIFE'S STAGE
Curtain Rings Down on
the Aged Thespian.
MEMBER OF THE OLD 3CHOOL
CAME TO AMERICA WITH
CHARLOTTE CUSHMAN.
Played the Part of Dunston. Kirke
in "Hazel Kirke" Upward of
One Thousand
Times.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 27.— Charles W.
Couldock, the actor, died to-night at
his home in this city after a short ill
ness, from dropsy. Mr. Couldock was
stricken on November 3 with -what was
thought to be indigestion, but after
ward diagnosed as dropsy. On Novem
ber 21 his condition became critical and
since then, even though he has had
several slight rallies, death ww ex
pected. His son, S. Y. Couldock, a
traveling salesman, survives him.
Charles W. Couldock was born on
April 26, 1815, at Long Acre, London.
He made his first appearance as an
actor at the age of 21, personating
Othello at a benefit performance at
Sadler Wells Theater, in London, for
which he purchased £10 worth of tick
ets to distribute among his friends. He
was billed as "Mr. Fortescue, his first
appearance," and was applauded rapt
urously by his clique. Afterward, de
siring to adopt the stage as a profes
sion, he, after a struggle, got into a
stock company at Farnham, Surrey.
After four months he left the troupe
and went with Jackman's company and
played leading parts. Subsequently he
joined the Shakespearian Club, which
gave performances at the St. James,
Drury Lane and other London theaters.
Couldock here essayed lago to Her
bert Gregory's Othello, Anthony to his
Shylock, and Hotspur to his Falstaff,
meeting with more or less success. In
1844 he joined the Edinburgh Theater
Company, the same year that Lester
Wallack and William Davige became
members of the organization. He played
a winter and summer season with this
company and then joined Professor
Anderson's forces at Glasgow. In two
weeks the theater was burned and he
secured the position of leading man at
the Royal Theater, playing first Sir
Giles Overreach. He remained with the
Royal four years, and during that time
acted with MacCready, Candenhoff,
Keane, Mme. Veßtris, Charlotte Cush
man and others.
On September 15, 1849, Mr. Couldock
arrived in this city on the steamer
America, a member of Charlotte Cush
man's company, and opened at the old
Broadway 1 heater. He supported her
throughout the season in all the promi
nent cities of this country and when
Charlotte Cushman returned to Eu
rope he became leading man at the
Walnut-street Theater, Philadelphia.
Since then he has been prominently
identified with the American stage,
playing with Laura Keene, Jefferson,
Sothern and others. Mr. Couldock Is
best known as Dunston Kirke, in
"Hazel Kirke," which part he had
played over 1000 times.
CLARENCE KEY DIES
IN UTTER DESTITUTION
Sad Passing of a Grandson of the
Author of "The Star-Spangled
Banner."
NEW YORK, Nov. 27.— An El Paso
(Texas) special to the Herald pays: The
report comes from the City of Mexico
that Clarence Key, a grandson of Fran
cis Scott Key, author of "The Star
spangled Banner," died there on Thanks
giving day, and that prior to his death
Key and his wife were in circumstances
of the utmost destitution.
Key had been in bad health for a year,
but managed to make a l.ving as a trans
later and teacher of Spanish and Eng
lish. About ten days previous to his death
he fell while walking along the street and
sustained injuries which subsequently re
sulted fatally. After the accident he
could no longer earn his living and was
too proud to ask aid from members of the
American colony. A hotel man seized his
baggage for debt, and the sick man and
his wife were about to be turned into the
street when American residents learned
of their condition and contributed suf
ficient money to provide the necessities
for Key and hts wife. The best physi
cian was procured, but he could do noth
ing for Key, and he died three days later.
BIRMINGHAM OFFICER
SLAIN BY A NEGRO
Lynching Certain to Follow the Cap
ture of a Murderer in
Alabama.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Nov. 27.— Chief
Deputy John Warnock of this city was
ahot and killed here to-day by Will Gold
ston, a negro. ■ : -
Goldston is a murderer, sent up for lire
from Augusta County, and recently es
caped from a convict camp in that county.
Warnock attempted to arrest him, but re
ceived three balls from a revolver in the
hands of Goldston, who was behind a
door. The Convict escaped and has not
been found. If he is caught lynching is
sure to follow. Warnock was very popu
lar and known all over the State. He ran
{ for Mayor of Birmingham last year.
USED POISON TO
GAIN WIDOWHOOD
Accusation Against me
Bianchini.
ATTEMPTED MURDERCHARGED
WIFE OF THE NOTED ARTIST AR
' RESTED.
/ ~~
Her Husband Recovers Rapidly From
, Atropine Poisoning When Re
moved From Her
Presence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Nov. 27.— Mme. Bianchini
w;is arrested to-day on the charge of
having attempted to poison her hus
i band, Charles Bianchini, the famous
and popular scenic artist.
About six months ago Bianchini was
attacked suddenly by a mysterious
! malady which the physicians diagnosed
; differently. One of them declared his
! belief that the symptoms were those of
: atropine poisoning, and thereupon I'.i
i anchini's friends, MM. Carre and Oail
' hard, directors of the Grand Opera, took
| it upon themselves to carry him to a
I distant village, away from his wife.
I There he recovered rapidly.
The story spread and Mme. Bianchini
was compelled to take some attention.
This led to, her arrest, the police Odd
ing hottlf-s of atropine in her house.
She is young and pretty and treats the
case quite flippantly.
A divorce suit was pending between
the couple.
THE CHARITY BAZAAR
WILL BE A SUCCESS
MANY DONATIONS RECEIVED
FOB GALLANT FIREMEN.
General Interest Being Manifested in
the Noble Project — A Merry-
Christmas for the
Poor.
General enthusiasm Is manifested in the
coming benefit to be given at the Pavil
ion December 1 to the firemen of the clty
as a public testimonial of appreciation for
their indefatigable and almost marvelous
work of subduing: the recent Baldwin
fire and preventing a general conflagra
tion in that section of the city.
The project is the outcome of a deter
mination which was formed by the man
agers of the coming charity bazaar and
California grand musical contest, which
is to be held at the Pavilion during the
month of December In aid of the needy
poor of the city. Immediately after the
Baldwin fire it was decided to set aside
and devot* the proceeds of the first night
to the men who risked their lives In the
performance of their duties.
A letter was sent to Chief Engineer Sul
livan of the Fire Department notifying
him of this intention and requesting his
sanction of it. The reply was one of
full acceptance. In it gratitude was ex
tended to those interested in the coming
bazaar and a hope for its success ex
tended to Captain de St. 1-übert, its'orig
inator and manager.
Those who visit the Pavilion on the
evening of December 1 will do so with
the knowledge that they are paying the
price of admission for a worthy object.
Already a large sale of tickets has been
made and the demand is increasing daily.
Many people who knew the risk the fire
men took to insure the safety of the city
have sent checks ranging in value from
$5 to $25 as evidences of appreciation of
the work of the firemen and as an en
couragement for the promoters of the
coming benefit.
Aside from the benefit for the firemen
the object of the bazaar, which is to ex
tend almost into the month of January.
Is a worthy one. It is the intention of
those In charge to raise sufficient money
to make the approaching Christmas day
a memorable one to the poor of San Fran
cisco. The money received nightly will
be turned over on the following morning
to the nineteen or more charitable insti
tutions, the members of which are to
distribute it among the needy and the
deserving.
Letters of congratulation an<* •indorse
ment of the noble work have been and
are heing received daily at the head
quarters of the bazaar from well known
and influential people all over the city
and State. The one of most interest and
the one that will do more to bring the
general public to a fuller realization of
the charitable importance of the under
taking is the following, signed by Gov
ernor-elect Henry T. Gage and Mrs. Fan
nie V. Gage:
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 22, 1898.
Captain J. Charles de St. Hubert— Dear Sir:
Tour favor of November 12 just received. In
reply will state that we have always been In
favor of every plan for the amelioration of the
conditions of the poor, and believe that your
Charity Bazaar Is prompted by right motives
In that direction. Yours very truly,
FANNIE V. GAGE.
HENRI T. GAGE.
Runaway Disaster.
SALINAS, Nov. 27.— A team attached to
a surrey In which were the members of
the family of Louis Schneider, ran away
this afternoon and the vehicle was over
turned. Mrs. Schneider, an elderly lady,
suffered the fracture of an arm and other
serious injuries. The other occupants
were more or less bruised. Owing to her
advanced age, Mrs. Schneider's injuries
are considered dangerous.
University Building Burned.
KOKOMO, Ind. ( Nov. 27.— The Milton
Hopkins University building burned to
day. Loss, $45,000; Insurance, 111,090,
PEACE TREATY
WILL BE SIGNED
AT PARIS TO-DAY
Spain Yields Under
Protest.
ACCEPTANCE OF OUR TERMS
TWENTY MILLIONS THE PRICE
FOR THE ISLANDS.
.—.. — . .. _ >
Castilian Diplomats Express the Opin
ion That There Will Be No Break
in the Work of the Two
Commissions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADRID, Nov. 27.— The Cabinet has
agreed upon the instructions to Senor
Rios, president -* ♦*•«> Spanish Peace
Commisisort*, for to-morrow's joint ses
sion at Paris, at which the treaty will
be signed.
El Imparcial exhorts the Government
t6 refuse with dignity the indemnity
America offers and to protest against
America's appeal to force with respect
to the Philippines.
El Correo denies the reports that an
insurrection has broken out in the Sulu
Islands.
A red book, dealing with the peace
negotiations, is being prepared.
There is a good deal of comment upon
a dispatch from Gibraltar announcing
the arrival there during this month of
180 new model cannon.
PARIS, Nov. 27.— Senor Montero
Rios, president of the Spanish Peace
Commission, is this evening waiting
for the reply from the Spanish Govern
ment, and unless there is some change
in the situation before noon to-morrow
the reply will be an acceptance, under
protest, of the American offer of $20,
000,000 for the Philippines.
Even up to a late hour this evening
telegrams have been exchanged be
tween the Spanish Commissioners and
Madrid; but the Americans, who are in
a position- to speak with authority, are
convinced that the foregoing outlines
the Spanish reply.
Senor Abarzuza expressed the opin
ion this evening that there would be no
break in the work of the commissions.
Marquis de Comillas, who is the
largest individual creditor of Spain, and
has been here from the outset in behalf
of numerous important enterprises, of
which he is the head, also indicated this
evening that Spain /had made up her
mind to yield. He is in very close touch
with the Spanish Commissioners.
■■Nothing that we have done here,"
said the Marquis, '"has made any im
pression upon the minds of the Ameri
can Commissioners. From the very first
their intention was to take the Philip
pines and they have never wavered."
There is no truth in the report cabled
here from Washington that in the last
American memorandum a demand for
the Sulu group had been added to the
previous American demands. The orig
inal' American claim was upon the ter
ritory within lines longitudinally and
latitudinally defined. It embraced the
so-called Sulu group. There has been
no change since the first demand, and,
according to the statement of one of the
American Commissioners, there will be
no modification of it.
SPAIN'S CABINET
YIELDS ON ALL POINTS
LONDON, Nov. 28.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Standard says: The
Cabinet has concluded that the wisest
policy is to accept the American terms,
leaving to the Spanish Commissioners
full power to secure the best possible
indemnity and to place on record, if
the American Commissioners will per
mit, a protest against the American in
terpretation of the . protocol affecting
•the Philippines and against the pro
ceedings generally. The decision of the
Cabniet is approved in political and
financial circles. I understand, how
ever, that the deliberations of the Min
isters were very protracted. Senor Sa
gasta, Duke Almodovar del Rio and
Senor Puigceiver had great difficulty in
inducing some of their colleagues to- ac
cept the small indemnity. Undoubtedly
the situation is hard and critical, but
ministers say SenOr Sagasta is deter
mined to confront all opposition until
the Cortes is convoked, probably at ttie
end of December, when he will demand
a vote of confidence, virtually implying
approval of the treaty and the con
servation of his party.
The Paris correspondent of the Times
says: It may be regarded that Spain
will accept th"e~"American conditions and
sign the treaty, perhaps even without
a protest. Thus her colonial empire
will disappear forever, and the day is
not far distant when the patrimony of
the United States, accruing to them un
der prosperity from exploiting the
islands, and with good administration,
will have increased to four fold the
sum total of the terrible war indemnity
France paid Germany.
GRIGGS UPHOLDS THE
"OPEN-DOOR" POLICY
NEW YORK, Nov. 27.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Ter
ritorial possessions can be held by the
United States and can be treated as
foreign territory as far as the revenue
laws of the country are concerned.
This In effect is the position taken by
Attorney General Griggs In an opinion
which he rendered in regard to the
question of enforcement of the United
States navigation laws in Hawaii. This
opinion Is of particular importance at
this time on account of the important
bearing it has upon the proposition to
carry out the "open door" policy in
dealing with the new insular PdWeß
sions in the Orient. In this opLaion the
Attorney General said:
"The resolution of Congress which
with the corresponding action of the
republic of the United States operated
for international purposes to make
those islands part of the territory of
the United States. But when territory
is acquired by treaty or conquest or
otherwise its relations to the nation ac
quiring it depend upon the laws of that
nation unless controlled by the instru
ment of cession. It may for certain
purposes remain foreign territory tem
porarily or permanently and is not pre
sumed to be at once put upon the same
footing as all other, but rather the con
trary. When therfore Florida had been
ceded and fully transferred to the
United States its ports were regarded
as foreign within the meaning of our
revenue laws."
The Attorney General also indicates
that the position of the administration
in adopting the "open door" policy
would be much strengthened if it
should be provided for In the treaty of
peace, as he says in his opinion, that
when territory is acquired its relations
to the nation acquiring it depend upon
the laws of that nation unless con
rolled by the instrument of cession.
PRESIDENT SATISFIED
WITH THE CONCLUSION
WASHINGTON, Nov. 27.—Through
out the peace negotiations which are
still pending in Paris the President- has
expressed confidence that a treaty sat
isfactory to the United States would be
drafted and signed. From time to
time assurances of substantial progress
toward that end have been received by
the President from Mr. Day, president
of the American Commission, reiterat
ing the assurance he had previously
j given the President of the early and
! successful conclusion of the work of
! the commission. Judge Day, it is un
; derstood, states positively that the
Spanish Commissioners formally wjll
\ accept perhaps to-morrow the terms of
the United States, and that a treaty
drawn along the lines of the agreement
! reached will be drawn and signed In a
few days. 5 r y: ' • rv;:.:
The dispatch from Judge Day was the
! first absolutely definite statement as to
the conclusion of the labors of the com
mission that has been received, and
quite naturally it afforded the Presi
dent and his advisors considerable sat
lsffiction. ' ■•" '-'■ ' ' ' "
It is probable that the President will
discuss in his message to ..Congress,
which will be delivered one week from
to-morrow, the successful efforts of the
administration in the negotiation of a
peace treaty, althouerh there is a possi
bility that the treaty itself may not
have been signed at the time.
INDICATIONS OF A
DECLINE IN WHEAT
SHORTS ARE FILLED AND THE
DROP HAS STARTED.
Bulls Forced the Barley Market Up
and Then Try to Unload
on the Quiet
What promised to be a strong wheat
market early In the week flattened out
to one of extreme, weakness, chiefly
caused by long holders of early options
becoming discouraged and throwing
their holdings overboard. Foreigners
throughout the week were disposed to
buy best wheat in large quantities, ex
porters reporting upward of a million
bushels worked each day. A good sized
short interest had credit into December,
resulting in advancing the price to 68%
cents before the hungry sharks were
filled up. When this was accomplished
the urgent demand was taken out of the
market, which was a signal for the start
ing of liquidation which carried Decem
ber to 65% and May to 65% at the close
on Saturday, with Indications of a still
further decline this week. The general
influences during the past week were
rath* inclined to more favorable prices,
except news from Argentina, which
places the exportable surplus from this
country at 35.CHXl.0iX). One report makes
this figure too small by 10.000.000 bushels.
For some time to come Argentina crop
conditions will furnish the guide to
American wheat prices. Later on. possi
bly in January, home conditions. Severe
cold weather will, as it always does,
cause apprehension regarding the winter
crops. At the present moment there
seems but little to encourage higher
prices. Farmers may hold back their
holdings, but it is more than likely they
Will begin to market them before May
comes around.
Country millers are showing less anx
iety for stocks, indicating -their storage
capacity is comfortably filled. From
the present time on American wheat
prices will be controlled by the demand
from abroad. The home demand MOBI
pretty fairly eliminated from the market.
Too much SbOTt selling by daring bears
will at times give the market a congested
condition, resulting in a fair sized rally,
but should not be accepted as a fore
runner of permanent advancing prices.
At present values there Is a fair return
to producers. Corners do not come every
year, and would be more benefit to pro
ducers if they never appeared, as false
ideas are their result, and it takes timo
and money to brush them from the mind.
Corn has shown considerable strength
and may do better after liquidation in De
cember is over. It Is generally accepted
that the present crop Is much smaller
than the Government figures.
Wheat in the local market appears to
be going through a case of liquidation
which may carry prices lower.
December barley tried hard to stay at
$1 30, but too many wanted to get out
around these prices, and ac a result not
much trading was done at or above $1 30.
The bulls, who have so far handled the
market with fairly successful results,
were on Saturday peeping through the
cracks to ascertain if they could unload
on the quiet. The chief factors were mak
ing it appear that they were standing
under the market, whereas they had
broken, selling regardless. Undoubtedly
some few stanch friends of money cereal
will accept delivery, which at present ap
pears of the white elephant order, but
the greater portion of the longs do not
want a pound of the real stuff. The ques
tion arises, who will hold the bag after
December 1? I believe the price will go
much lower. R. E. MULCAHY.
Bloodless Duel at Paris.
PARTS. Nov. 27.— A duel was fought to
day between Maxime Dreyfus and M. Le
pic, a journalist. Neither was injured.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _ ■ ■ ■ , •.'. .•■.'■"V;.;.'.'-.'-l;
*■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+*+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+!
GRAND REMEDY FOR WEAK MEN ! j
V ■ — ■ '-•• ■-■■.•!
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT AGAIN PROVES ■
ITS GREAT CURATIVE POWERS. ;\$
* /?w»* r "It made a new man of me." That is : . H
JsvP^V ! what they say "It cured me after. I- .■
V lll?lli had nent hundreds of dollars doctor- |
\'^^o j^ Ing." Such are the stories told by H
\lV>. r^r^L grateful users of ' ' ■ ■ . -yjj
. ]W DR. SANDEN'S : VW\
Jpr^-'-'-- ELECTRIC BELT. ;
J^Wsk\-)*K WEAKNESS CURED : •*
\. /^ >i V CHICO. CAU '
V A yji v\. . DR. SANDEX— Sir: . Two months ago '
I I \ \_) \ . X purchased one of your Electric Belts. I have I
II j >: \ worn It regtUarly since then, and It haß- cured ■•■
• \\J \\ \ ■■ me of vital weakness of three years 1 . standing. . i
' -' \\ I Vk\ J* nas niade me as well' and strong as a per- '
■ . J'l ■ • \A ' 'son need be. "Before purchasing the Belt '-I.- '
... : Si\ - " ' p\- • was not able to do much work. Now I can do-.'-|
i — "«c^— — » ' ' ' "HW^jgi ~V iisl much as any other man. You'are at liberty ,
\lftf,, '' , • ' '•■-■>•■- ; .: ''\ to use this testimony as you desire. Yours re- -i
. [&' . — , ~ '■ ~#- spectfully, * JAMES WRIGHT.'. ; '
Don't Be a Weak Man. i
It Is -rand to feel strong, humiliating to feel weak. IF TOU ARE '
WEAK DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT WILL CURE YOU. It will J
make you strong; it wil steady your nerves and check .all waste of ,<•
power in thirty days. It is a grand cure for all weakness, . whatever .the .
cause. ' . '. . ' I
Call and examine this wonderful belt.. Test the powerful I current It ■
gives and see how easily regulated it is. Don't be ignorant of a remedy |
.which- may correct all your past mistakes and assure your future happi- .
.ness. .Don't delay; act now. Get. the book. ; "Three Classes of Men,-... -|
sealed free. Call oraddress ". , . " • f >, ••'• ...
DR. A. T. SANDEN,,.*'- ■ ■ :, nr(t ■-■*' \
702 Mtrket Street, Corner Ke»rajr, 8»n Fraaoisoo. -.-.-.• . HOT IN DRUG STORES. v : ; |
' Office hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m. ; Sundays 10 i „. -•"- i.ii'i!.i"' „ ... ■
to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal., 252 West ■ , Dr. . Band en s i. le Ctrl e-BeU -^ .
Second street; Portland, Ov., 253 Washington " Is never sold In drug tftorea ;
street; Denver, Colo.. 931 Sixteenth etreet; nor by traveling agents, only ■-
Dallas, Tex. 285 Main street; Butte, Mont., at our of nee. : , : , ■.1_ .: |
110 North Main street. : • -.-, ■•■■.-, ,:*;»- — ; — ; — - : — : — . :,.,.* .„.
GENERAL BLANCO
BADE FAREWELL
Americans C all Upon
the Spaniard. Vy?
THANK HIM FOR COURTESIES
GENERAL WADE ACTS AS THE
SPOXESIViAN.
"I Have Acted Only in the Perform
ance of My Duty*' the Reply
of ths Retiring
Governor.
Special Dfepateft to The Call.
HAVANA, Nov. 27.— 1n accordance
with yesterday's arrangements, Gen
eral Wade. Admiral Sampson, Colonel
< "lons, Captain Hart, their aids, at
taches, all in gala uniform, and an in
terpreter, called upon General Blanco
at the palace at 10 o'clock this morning
to extend a formal farewell on his res
ignation of the captain generalship and
in anticipation of his early departure
from the island. . .
The Americans were met by General
Parado, president of. the. Spanish
Evacuation Commission, at the stair
case and escorted to the reception room,
where General Blanco was awaiting ~
them. General Wade expressed thanks
for courtesies extended to the Ameri
cans and congratulated Blanco upon
the efficient measures he had taken to
maintain order and discipline in the
Spanish army. Though the Americans
had come to a country with which they
were at war, there were no complaints
to make, said General Wade, as there
had been no cause of offense since their
arrival. General Blanco- answered:
"I have acted only in the performance
of duty."
When the Americans retired General
Blanco accompanied them to the head
of the staircase, bowing them out with
the greatest courtesy and shaking
hands v.ith all.
General Blanco and his staff sailed
for Spain this evening. The United
States cruiser Topeka arrived to-day.
The Spanish transport Montevideo
sailed to-day -with 1760 troops. The
United States gunboat Scorpion sailed
north this afternoon.
MAD MULLAH ADVANCES.
Crosses Swat Frontier and Engages
Indo-British Forces.
SIMLA, Nov. 27.— The Mad Mullah, who
with 600 men has been threatening to pass
the Swat frontier, has crossed the -Swat
River and fighting has occurred between
his followers and the Indo-Uritish forcea.-
Dr. Abbott to Retire.
NEW YORK, Nov. 27.— Rev. Dr. Lyman
Abbott from the pulpit to-day announced
his intention to resign the pastorate of
Plymouth Church, Brooklyn, which he has
filled for ten years.
AN ITALIAN PEASANT.
The Polettls little cottage stand-s in aa a _
field and is semi-detached. Like many •:
of their class in-Italyy.they>baYe'a grvnt
love for and pride in their homi*.. ' The.-,
furniture is well polished, the tools, and _
utensils arranged with an attempt at de£- ■•'
oration, and all is clean and neat. •_ It is. -
a two-roomed house. On the ground f100r...
is the kitchen, where the boy's bed stands. .
under the stair which leads to the upper .
room. Here are two large beds, one for
the parents, the other for the two girls.
In the kitchen stand a walnut-wood ta- '
ble and a sideboard of antique design, an
heirloom of the mother's. A walnut chest
holds the bed and table linen, and another
old chest the best clothes; the every-day
clothes are kept in a chest upstairs. They
try to add something every year to the •
house linen; sometimes the mother and ';
daughters beg the use of a little plat Of
ground which they sew with flax, • and
the year following they spin and weave
it themselves, borrowing a loom from a
farmer. Their stock compares favora
bly with that of the better off English ■ ,
cottager, to say nothing of the quality .
of this home-made linen compa#ed with,
that bought cheap at a country shop. ' -.
In 1893 they possessed seven and a half
pairs of linen sheets, seven large and-,
small tablecloths and six towels. • The
mother had six chemises, the father eight -'
shirts and the rest of their clothing in ..
the same decent proportion.— The Fort- .
nightly Review. "-';[' .• ..
At Breslau. Germany, a whole family
man, wife and children— work In a factory
for abiut 25 cents a day. The weekly
wages In the glass factories are: Blowers,
55 9a to $8 56; cutters, $4 28 to $5 71; en
eravers and painters, $4 28 to $5 71; smel
ters $2 S5 to $4 28; heaters and burners.
$2 »; sorters and packers, $2 S5; binding
girls, $1 42.
Boston is in hard luck. A carload of
beans, en route to that city, was wrecked
about two miles west of PittsnVld. Mass.,
and the spoil was gobbled up by the na
tives.HOW SHERMAN JUGGLED FIFTY
THOUSAND DOLLARS FROM
THE PACIFIC BANK VAULTS
The History of a Pledge of Property That Was Never Given
to the Deluded and Dishonest Young
« Financiers.
The Wily Schemer of Los Angeles forced From the McDonalds a
Fortune and Was Then Protected From Restitution by
His Relative, J. E. Farnum.
, In .".its expose of the»secret history of
the Pacific Bank and the People's
Home Savings Bank The Call has ex
plolted many outrageous robberies and
ifhameless conspiracies. This morning
P-h & Call will show h<>\v one of the great
conspirators deliberatefly robbed the
Pacific Bank of $50,000. This robbery
was committed in the latter part of
1892, and. it still has* the indorsement of
; techni.at legality. -The people of San
• .Francisco are now familiar with the
fact that late in 1592 and early in 1893
\ the. bank wreckers, were assembled in
. >Je\.v ■ York, City. Affairs had reached
such a crisis ..that it was absolutely ne
ceFFary for; .the McDonalds to obtain
money! Dick McDonald, as The Call
• Ihas already described, was left in this
I city to fight": the battle alone. His
I father, his brother and his confederates
fin crime were in New York. They
pleaded and threatened the banker in
this city %vith the single purpose of pre
yentiner him from taking the desperate
measures that his desperate condition
demandpdJ ' .'■ '.- 'J'~S?&
The letters, of these men show that
they understood, thoroughly the fact
that the banks must go down. They
had already received individually and
collectively hundreds of thousands of
dollars from ' the bank, but they were
not satisfied, and realizing that the
final collapse, WSUJ inevitable they deter
mined to secure rriore money. They pre-
tended, as The CalT has shown conclu-
y. to have hopes of relief which
1 they never expected to realize. Under
■the mask of assumed assistance they
planned to secure more funds. Like
vultures they realized the approaching
dissolution of the bank and they sought
to secure their final feast on the body
of the institution. The leader and the
craftiest of these schemers was Moses
H. Sherman. His tremendous schemes
in reference to Phoenix properties had
become by this time little more than a
bagatelle. Over two hundred thousand
dollars had been sunk by the Pacific
Bank and th*> People's Home Savings
Bank in these dishonest ventures, but
this enormous sum of money was very
little compared to th»> amount that had
' been sunk in th^ Los Angeles electric
r r&ilro;id deal. The McDonalds had
staked their bank on the success of this
deal, and Sherman kn-w that his dupes
at that stage of the game could not re-
tire. He planned, therefore, to get more
money from . them under the guisp r>f
assisting the railroad in which they
'were most intimately concerned. He
•wrote false promises and dishonest as-
surances. He declared with every pos-
sible insincerity that the bonds of the
electric railroad were to be floated here
and there and that the McDonalds
•would Ret the money they had so fool
ishly squandered.
Sherman understood perfectly the ef
fect of his own imposition. He gave his
lying promies that he might secure
money for himself. Time after
"time he wrote his alluring letters and
traveled from city to city to deceive
his dupes with the idea that he was
honestly working in their service. He
'professed the greatest possible concern
over th^ affairs of the. Pacific Bank and
asked his victims to believe that he was
as deeply Interested as they. He was
■simply scheming to secure more money
. '•:.-. -stird literally to loot the Pacific Bank
In its declining days.
As already described in The Call a
majority of the conspirators were in
Xew York. They were spending hun
dreds of dollars every month simply to
create & false impression of energy in
behalf of McDonald. Sherman de
scribed his visit to this and that city,
and iJ* fi(s ow n hysterical,, eccentric
fashion exalted Dick McDonald to an
opinion that everything would come
out well in the end. Sherman had no
thought that this would be the case,
and Stave- his., lying promises simply to
filch: mhre. tn.oney .froni the banks. In
I). '■rprtipz'r 0f 189.2 he went to Frank M<
booa,id and: told him that the Los An
geles Electri- Railroad Company was
in absolute .ftcamMaj distress. More
money, he said, .was needed, and if it
were not supplied the road must fail.
Sherman misrepresented the condition
..of. the road, and declared that it was
daily lofii.hß a great deal of money.
He assured Fran McDonal n that lm
jkniediate assistance must be given or the
.-oad w:ould go under and in its
collapse the Pacific Bank would lose
the enormous sum ..of money that it
had already advanced. Sherman had
then begun his final. manipulations that
to end only in the destruction of
! d McDonald banks. He had already
'' won an enormous fortune, but with the
treed that marked his efforts he
wanted more. He knew that the lie-
Donalds did not dare sacrifice their in
tf.rept? in the Los Angeles Electric
Railroad Company. While they were
cryinc: frantically for some tangible
return on their Investment, Sherman
was plotting to throw them deeper Into
the scheme.
He went to McDonald and assured
him that it was absolutely necessary
f..r the bank to give up fifty thousand
dollars more. Frank McDonald pleaded
and begged for mercy, but Sherman
was inflexible, and said if the money
was not forthcoming the McDonalds
would have to abide by the result. At
that time it was absolutely Impossible
for the McDonalds to take any more
money out of their banks. The funds
were not there. The Bank Commission
ers for a variety of reasons were in
sisting upon immediate rehabilitation
of th~ bank. Frank McDonald explain
ed this condition of affairs to Sherman,
who understood it as thoroughly as the
bankers themselves, but the unscrupu
lous Los Angeles manipulator demand
ed the mnnev and suggested a scheme
by which it could be obtained.
It should be remembered that at that
time the Pacific Bank was considered
to be one of the safest and most con
servative banks on the Pacific Coast.
The true condition of its affairs was
not known to the -uiblic. and any of its
guarantees or promises to pay was ac
cepted absolutely without comment
and with perfect confidence. The cer
tificates of the bank were accepted by
the general financial public as if they
w e the contracts of the National Gov
ernment Itself. No one, except those of
the little cotorie of conspirators, knew
how rapidly the Pacific Bank was then
ncaring the dishonorable close of Its
existence. Sherman suggested, there
fore, to Frank V. McDonald that th 2
Pacific Bank issue fifty thousand dol
lars in coupon certificates.
This paper, the wily manipulator of
Los Angeles assured Frank, could be
hypothecated as readily as if it rep
resented the currency of th< Govern
ment. Sherman told his dupe that he
could hypothecate the paper, secure the
fifty thousand dollars, or very near
that sum, and nlace the money to the
credit of the Los Angeles Electric Rail
road and use it for the necessities of that
road. Frank McDonald, as already de
scribed, pleaded for mercy, but Sher
man was uncompromising, and de
clared that the very existence of the
bank depended on this mnnev.
It should not be forgotten that cou
pon certificates of the Pacific Bank
were at that time as good as gold. Af
ter Sherman had concluded his argu
ment, his hysterical pleadings and his
throats, Frank McDonald decided to
issue coupon certificates of the Pacific
Bank to the extent of $f.0,000. Even
such a fool as Frank McDonald did
not dare make this transaction any
thing but ostensibly legal. He knew
that if there were the slightest flaw jii
the transaction it would be vitiated and
destroyed in the courts.
He was forced, therefore to give
| some security for the $50,000 that Frank
McDonald decided to give up. This se
curity was given in the shape of pledges
on some of the Phoenix property of
Moses H. Sherman. This property is
not even now worth one-third of what
Sherman claimed it to be. The wily
schemer from Los Angeles, however,
determined not even to give up this
property in consideration of the enor
mous sum of money he was to receive
from the Pacific Bank. It was impos-
I sible for Sherman and his dupe to con
i summate this transaction aboveboard.
j Sh'-rman's relations with the Pacific
j Bank at that time were very well
I known.
Public comment would have been
created if the schemer had received this
money in the ordinary routine of finan
cial transactions. He was forced, there
fore, to resort to new financial trickery,
and another officer of the bank, who
was then in New York, was pressed
into service. Frank McDonald issued
the coupon certificates of the Pacific
Bank to the amount of $50,000. These
certificates were signed by Dr. R. H.
McDonald as president of the bank and
by Frank V. McDonald as cashier. As
soon as these signatures were obtained
the certificates were as good as cur
rency. When the deluded and dis
honest bankers placed their names upon
these certificates Moses H. Sherman
had received $50,000 from the bank he
had already ruined.
The certificates were placed in the
financial market and as the credit of
the Pacific Bank was then good the
paper passed practically with the same
validity as currency.
Sherman was compelled, however, to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1898.
give some ostensible security. In con
sideration of the receipt of these cer
tificates he pledged to the Pacific Bank
certain property that he possessed in
Phoentx, Ariz. This property at the
very outside estimate was not worth
more than $6000. When the coupon cer
tificates of the Pacific Bank were issued
to Sherman he wrote an agreement in
which he promised to deed to a certain
officer of the bank this Phoenix prop
erty. This agreement was duly ac
knowledged and the coupon certificates
were issued. According to the terms
of the dishonest transaction the officer
of the bank who had been pressed into
service agreed to transfer to the Pacific
Bank the property which was to be
deeded to him.
As already described Sherman had
obtained the coupon certificates of the-
Pacific Bank to the amount of $50,000.
His agreement to deed his property was
sent to this city from New York and
was placed in the vaults of the Pacific-
Bank. Sherman came to this city and
hypothecated the certificates. He had
placed upon these documents his own
indorsement, which made him person
ally responsible for the money if the
bank could not pay. In his craft he
recognized that this indorsement was
most dangerous to himself, but he was
forced to sign his name in brder to re
ceive the money. After he came to San
Francisco he had a consultation with
Dick McDonald and took the first steps
in his scheme to recover this agreement.
He had hypothecated the certificates.
He was determined to recover his
agreement. He was then very closely
in touch with at least two members of
the Bank Commission. He told Dick
McDonald that the Commissioners were,
threatening, with increasing insistence,
to decend upon the bank and close its
doors. He promised Dick that he would
protect the bank if he received back
his agreement to deed over his Phoenix
property to the institution. Dick Mc-
Donald became frightened and gave
up the agreement.
It is perhaps fortunate for the de
positors and creditors of the Pacific
Bank that a certified copy of this agree
ment is still In existence. Sherman
never deeded this property to the Pa
clfic^ Bank or to the officer who had
been pressed into service. Before it was
necessary to make this transfer the
agreement was obtained by Bherman
from Dick McDonald. The coupon cer
tificates therefore were given abso
lutely without < ompensation from Sher
man. He received $50,000 and in ex
chnnge gave nothing.
This transaction has been unknown
to the people of this city for nearly six
years and it is perhaps one of the most
outrageous deals in which Mo-ses IT.
Sherman was involved. After it was
over and Sherman had obtained the
money the coupon certificates still re
mained as a menace to the Los Angela
schf mer. As already described his in
dorsement and personal guarantee to
pay was upon each certificate, and as
Jong as he possessed a dollar that might
be levied upon he was personally re
sponsible. The failure of the bank
made this responsibility absolute, and
Sherman plotted after the failure of ihe
bank to control the liquidation of the
institution. He was still closely in
touch with the Bank Commissioners.
The coupon certificates were held by
outside people, who at any moment
could hold Sherman responsible for the
poyi.ient of them.
In order to evade the satisfaction of
this just obligation Sherman planned
to control the closing of the bank. X
should be remembered In connection
with this outrageous transaction that
th? Pacitic Bank had issued to its de
positors certificates representing the
amount of each deposit. Th^se certifi
cates, after the failure of the bank, be
came acknowledged claims against
■whatever assets might be collected.
Each depositor, at the request o-f the
bank authorities, had surrendered iiis
book and received his certificate. In
the liquidation of the bank these cer
tificates were recognized as already de
scribed as unquestionable claims. On
the other hand the coupon certificates
issued to Sherman were taken for what
they were worth. They did not hold the
same relation to the bank as did the
regular certificates issued to depositors.
If the coupon certificates could not be
paid by the Pacific Bank Sherman
would have to satisfy each obligation.
As a matter of course he determined not
to do so, and In order that he would not
be compelled to repay this money he
plotted to manipulate the liquidation of
the bank.
The Call has already described how
he placed his relative, John E. Farnum,
In the Pacific Bank. Farnum was there
to protect the interests of Sherman,
and one of his duties in this connec
tion was to call in every coupon cer
tificate bearing the name of Moses H.
Sherman and reissue the certificates of
the bank that had been given to bona
fide depositors. In this way Sherman's
r.-bligation was erased from the records
of the bank and from the coupon cer
tificates. Farnum pledged the bank to
pay what Sherman owed. The great
schemer of Los Angeles thug secured at
one touch of the pen $50,000 more from
the vaults of the Pacific Bank.
After the Pacific Bank closed Sher
man perfected another gigantic deal.
He had in the bank his personal note
for $49,000. This note, in conjunction
with Frank V. McDonald, he had
signed, and necessarily was responsible
for its payment. He had received the
money that the face of the note repre
sented. Frank McDonald had signed
his name to the document as a matter
of absurd friendship for Sherman. It
was this fact that saved Sherman from
the obligation. He pointed out to Dick
McDonald the danger of allowing offi
cial investigators or the public to know
that Frank McDonald, an officer of the
bank, had signed such a nr.-te. It was
unwise, Sherman declared, to have such
a note in existence, and Dick McDon
ald, deluded by the representations of
this schemer, returned the note to him,
and all trace of another gigantic deal
was blotted out of the records of the
Pat -fie Bank. In this way Moses H.
Sherman operated in the ruins of the
institution he had destroyed. He be
came almost literally a tlnancial scav
enger.
The Call will show to-morrow morn- i
ing how he effected another deal of j
$60,000 and won the money by satisfying j
his confederates that he had bought the
honor of the City Council of Los An- ■
geles.
MUST BE TRAINED TO FIGHT.
Unconditioned Boxers Will Be Barred
From Amateur Exhibitions
Hereafter.
This evening the so called Atlas Ath
letic Club, formerly the Bohemia Club,
will give an alleged boxing exhibition at
a hall on Turk street. The club has an
nounced that it will give six bouts be
tween boxers picked up from among the
nmall fry about town. It is hoped the
Bergeant of police in charge will see that
the contestants are fit to enter into a
physical contest before they are permitted
tn "den gloves. It is a very dangerous
proposition to allow untrained boxers to
hammer each other into insensibility, es
pecially In a ring that Is not provided
with proper padding.
SAURIES OF
TEACHERS CUT
ALMOST HALF
Many Dismissed at
San Jose.
REA'S BOARD USES THE AX
COST OF CORRUPT RULE IN
THE SCHOOLS.
Having Squandered the People's
Money It Is Found Necessary
to Dispense With a Num
ber of Instructors.
Si*cial Difspatrh to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 27.— The corruption
of San Jose's School Board has culmi- i
nated in serious financial injury to the ■■
teachers and in their consequent gen
eral demoralization. The board became
so deeply indebted that it was almost
impossible to carry on the schools, and, !
as was predicted in The Call a month
ago, the Trustees last .night abolished
th'- kindergarten system and cut the ,
salaries of all teachers about one-third.
This action was taken at a star cham
ber session of the board. So afraid were i
the members that some one would be i
present and see them wield the ax that
they held the meeting at Trustee Lang- '
ford's house. Besides the members not I
a person except, probably, Rea and the I
Mackenzies knew such action was to be '
taken.
There were present Trustees Graham,
Kenyon, Wemple, O'Neil and Langford.
The business had been previously ar
ranged, and they at once settled down
to work.
The kindergarten system was abol
ished, thus dispensing with the super
visor of kindergartens, sixteen teach
ers and six janitors, effecting a saving
of $1295 a month.
Special teachers of physical culture,
music and drawing were dismissed,
which saves $185 a month.
In the High School the biggest reduc
l tion was made and salaries were cut
| almost in half, saving the department
$465 a month.
The ax was then used on the salaries
of teachers in the grammar grades.
Forty-nine teachers were reduced from
,as high as $78 to $70 a month. This will
save $G43.
! The salaries of janitors were made $65 I
i a month, reducing them over one-third. !
The action of the board reduces the l
running expenses of the City Board of i
Education $2398 a month, or $23,980 for ;
I the school year of ten months. There
! was but half enough money nn hand at i
j the beginning of the year to conduct \
| the schools, yet the Board of Educa- I
i tion conducted things in the same old i
1 extravagant way. It created the posi
; tion of supervisor of kindergartens for
Miss Belle Mackenzie, sister of "Boss"
Rea's lieutenant, at a salary of $75 a
month. There was no need of such of
fice, and it was simply a sinecure. As I
the schools were being run there would
have been an indebtedness at the end '
of the year of about 535,000, and the big j
cut made last night will not keep down !
a deficiency. The Board of Education |
knew months ago it would have to take j
the action it did, but it was postponed j
until after election In order to keep the i
teachers and their friends in line for |
the "gang," and thus secure votes.
Trustees Graham. Kenyon and Lang
ford have been most active In ruthless
ly expending the people's money, and
the former reluctantly voted for the j
curtailment. O'Neil and Wemple have
tried to check the raid on the city
treasury, but unsuccessfully. During
the past year the schools have been al
most wrecked. Politics caused a strike
in the High School, and about 150 of the
clty"s pupils go to Santa Clara High
School, and in the grammar schools
and kindergartens there has been
trouble. The people have been aroused,
and the three officials who take Rea's
word as law have been strongly con
demned and the citizens have heen on
the verge of asking them to resign.
The reduction of salaries goes Into
effect on December 15.
MANY CLAIMS
AGAINST THIS
GOVERNMENT
Sealers to Ask for
Damages.
SEIZURES MADE YEARS AGO
VESSEL OWNERS SAY THEY
"WERE ILLEGAL.
■ ■
Americans Emboldened by the Suc
cess of the Canadians in
Obtaining a Large
Award.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B, C, Nov. 27.— 1t was |
learned to-day that, emboldened by the
success of Victoria sealers who were
awarded $425,000 a short time ago by
the American Government on account
of Bering Sea seizures, v number of
American sealing men — owners, cap
tains and hunters— are now preparing
claims for submission to the Washing
ton authorities, demanding many
thousands In payment for the losses |
incurred by them in consequence of the
seizure of their vessels in the Bering
Sea. As all know the statutes of the
United States in the years of the seiz
ures, most of which occurred in 1887,
prohibited pelagic sealing in the waters
of Alaska. In consequence of this law
many American schooners changed
their register and sailed as British ves
sels, which were without the jurisdic
tion of the United States laws, hence
the awards made to them in compensa
tion for their seizures.
Among those, however, who contin
ued to hunt under the Stars and
Stripes.notwithstanding the prohibitory
statutes, was a fleet of San Francisco j
and Puget Sound schooners. Of these
a number were seized by the patrolling
fleet of revenue cutters.
Among them was the schooner Ethel,
on account of whose seizure in IS9I the
Government of the United States will i
soon be asked to pay $20,000. Her cap- !
tain and owner. I'hll Moore, left here ;
for San Francisco ab<mt four days ago, |
where he will complete the preparation
of the claims of that schooner.
Another claim being prepared here
is that of the Lily Ladd, a San Fran
cisco schooner. Captain Todd, who was
master of her when she was seized in
1887 and who is now on the Victoria
schooner Enterprise, is preparing the
claims of those connected with that |
vessel. He will leave for San Francisco
in a few days.
Claims are being prepared for the
San Francisco schooner Louise. Sev
eral other claims for the seizure of San
Francisco vessels and the losses in
curred by those aboard them are be
ing prepared. There are, too, a num
ber of Seattle men here, preparing
clams for the Feizure of the Kate and
Anna, the Allie I. Alger and other ves
sels which during the heyday of seal
ing sailed from the Sound. #
The Americans are not alone in the
preparation of claims for compensa
i tion. for a number of claims are in
course of preparation askinp Russia to
pay large sums to compensate the own
ers of vessels seized off the Copper Isl
ands, and the men belonging to them
; who were imprisoned at Petropaulov
ski. In all six vessels were seized.
Two— the Willie McGowan and Ariel—
and those connected with them have
been recompensed already. The other
vessels seized by the Russian cruisers
in that year were the Carmelite, Rosie
Olsen Vancouver Beile and Maria.
They were all seized about thirty
miles from the islands and their mas
tfrs and crews were thrown into prison
pt Fetropaulovpki. where they were,
shamefully mistreated. They were ul- J
tlmately released and sent home in the j
Rosie Olsen. The other vessels are
still lying at Petropaulovski.
Besides these about twenty-five
hunters are preparing claims for com
pensation on account of imprisonment.
They were captured in their small
boats by Russian cruisers and thrown
Into prison with the others whose
schooners were seized.
TO PRESENT 'MARE
ISLAND'S CASE FAIRLY
Citizens of Vallejo Appoint a
Committee to Visit the Navy
Department.
BUfSUN, Nov.- 27-— Citizens and business
men of Vallejo held a meeting yesterday
to take action in regard to Endicott's re
port regarding the approaches to Mare
Island. Congressman HHborn, who is now
in Washington, sent a message to Valiejo
stating that he would co-operate with tho
citizens, and asking to bo supplied with
all the data possible in reference to the
depth of water in the channel loading to
Mare Island. , ,
The following committee was appointed
to aid the Congressman in prpsenting
Mare Island's case fairly before the
Navy Department and Congress: J. A.
Mclnnis, J. J. I,uehsineer, M. Keinper,
and \V. T. Kelly.
INJURIES PROVE FATAL.
Judge Curtis Wilson of Solano
County Yields to Death.
CORDELIA, Nov. 27.— Judge Curtis Wil-
Hon. one of Solano's oldest residents, died
at his home in Green Valley last even
ing. He was a native of Illinois. 72 years
old. He came to Solano County when a
small boy. and held the office of Justice
01 the I'eace in Green Valley lownshlp
tor the past forty-two years. He was de
feated in the last election by a small
majority. Judge Wilson was thrown from
his buggy about two months ago and re
ceived Injuries which caused his death.
May Travel in Asia Minor.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Nov. 27.— The en
ergetic action of Oscar S. Strausa, the
United States Minister, has obtained a
concession which the united powers had
been for eighteen months vainly endeav
oring to secure, namely, the granting of
traveling permits to foreigners in the in
terior of Asia Minor. The immediate in
centive to the action of Mr. Strausa was
the Forte's refusal of permits to Ameri
can missionaries.
Chusan Islands Net Seized.
SHANGHAI. Nov. 27.-The report re
ceived here • yesterday that the British
admiral had hoisted the I'nion Jack over
TinK-Hai capital of the island of Chusan,
and over several islands in the Chusan
archipelago, is not credited. The British
Consulate has had no confirmation ot ti;e
rumor which probably originated in mis
taking the survey marks of the survey
ship water Witch for the Union Jack.
Receiver for a raper Company.
NEW YORK, Nov. 27.— A receiver has
been appointed for the Chelsea Paper
Manufacturing Company of Norwich,
Conn whose capital Is $200,000; liabilities,
$75,000; nominal assets. $275,000.
Humboldt County Contest,
EUREKA. Nov. 27.— Attorneys J. F.
Coonan and J. P. Mahan will commence
a contest to-morrow in behalf of I. B.
Barnes, fusion nominee for County Treas
urer, ngalnst Charles F. Roberts, Repub
lican, to whom the Supervisors issued the
certificate of election. According to the
ofilclal returns Roberts won by fifteen
votes. Barnes contends that vote* w*r«
illegally cast; that one precinct closed nt
5:15 and another at 4:l. r >; that persons
voted who were not entitled to vote.
Barnes claims his election by at least
twenty-five. _____
A FELON HAS EIGHTS.
A Peculiar xirial in a Southern Cali-
fornia Criminal Court.
The Justices of the Supreme.Court have '
made an important decisipn. It Is in ef
fect, that while a case is being tried the
Judge before whom the cause is being
heard must atter.d to his duties and hear ;
what both sides have to say. This may :
seem a peculiar ruling, but the matter ;
which gave rise to it is more surprising.
In Los Angeles County C. L. Tupper ■
was on trial for a serious crime, a felony
that would open the gates of San Quentin
to him. It looked as though it was a case
of striped garments for him. and much
evidence was presented. After a while
the Judge became weary and took a re
cess all by himself. It was not stated
whether he went out to get a drink or a
dinner, or what, but he was gone for
nearly half an hour and the case went
along just 'he same. Tupper was con
victed and sentenced by the Judge when
he came back, but Tupper did not lik>'
the way it wps done, neither did his at
torney, nor the Justices of the Supreme
Court. The latter in sending the case
bade for a retrial says:
"There can be no court without a Judge,
and all that was done in the absence of
the Judge was in fact done in the ab- '
sence of the court. A defendant convicted !
under such circumstances has been de
priVed of his liberty without due pro
cesa of law."
The judgment an^i order of the lower j
court waa reversed and a new trial of the
case was ordered.
WHIST TOURNAMENT ENDS.
Winning Teams in Contests for the
Klebs and Payot Trophies.
The preparatory tournament of the Pa
cific Coast Whist Association came to an
end in the rooms of the San Francisco
Whist Club, 32fi Post street, and the Trist
Duplicate Club. 711 Jotk s street. The
Krebs trophy was won by the Golden Rod
team No. 1, consisting of Mesdames
Krebs, Taylor, Fredericks and Bell, by
thirteen tricks.
The trophy must be won five times by
the same team to become its property.
The winners of the prizes for duplicate
pairs were Albert Lyser and Miss Alice
Washburn, Mrs. Fredediek' and Mrs.
Myers.
The Payot trophy was won by the San
Francisco team consisting of Mrs. B. R.
Keith. George E. Bates and Mr. and Mrs.
John E. Eby, with a score of 317 tricks.
A reception which followed in the rooms
of the San Francisco Whist Club was a
complete success. The evening was spent
in conversation, and dainty refreshments
v*ere served at small tables.
Course of Sermons for Advent.
A course of sermons will be preached in
St. Mary's Church. California street, at
the 11 oVlock mars on the Sundays of
Advent hy Rev. A. Russell Nevins, C. S.
P The order and Siib.ie.-ts will be as
follows: November 27. "The Necessity of
Faith"; December 4. "The Genesis of
Faith": December 11, "Doubt"; December
is, "Inquiry."
Purchasers' Gnide to responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, to
porters, Whole-sak Traders. Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents. ...
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In CorrM?»Bdlng With Aay «f thi Fillovlag rirms Pls»s» M«iion "Th» Call." .•".
ART • WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
flrtlsttc Furniture and firt Ware Importers.
117 KUTTF.R STREET.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY,
nru CrHfiEWlVfi Shipping trade supplied.
Win- jtnU-i>lr(U-639 Broadway. suppll€
BELTI.NO.
LD nCfiP'U Manufacturer of Be'tt nnd
P. DbUCN, Lace Leather. 105.107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BO LER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
! Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
v Work.
Office and Works— MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 50<j.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THESAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY.
342 to 350 Genry Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'DniCV £ cnvc— Makers and Dealers ln
DRJfcl*! & sUlOLr>.nrlaus. Hacks, Victorias,
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
Bt., San Francisco.
CASCA FERRINE BITTERS,
The ;^, Gr d^li Ton sfEIR^ PHARMA:
tive At all dealer* SIKRRA PHARMA-
CEUTICAL CO., 1517 Market st.
~™ COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 18<34.
COPPERSMITHS.
SANDERS & CO., practical coppersmiths,
mfr's of sheet copper and tubing. Improved con-
tinuous stills, etc. 415 Mission St., near First;
nil w<rk guaranteed.
DENTIST.
DR. C- W> RICHARDS, se 47 corner Kear'ny.
FIRE INSURANCE,
EDWARD BROWN .*> «O>S
411-413 California street, rear.
Capital Represented over $14,000,000
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I*C PAVEC * ffl Shipping Butchers, 104
JA3- _Ul_3 tt tU,, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co.. lmporters Dealers
in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO.. 211 Larkln St., S. F.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers Of all
kinds of Harness and Dealers in BugKl p<
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or write. '
rupture.
HEoTT "' UEE NO MORE IRON
«H»sitefecaßB^ Hoi: cr steel spring*.
J^»ffl|jllp|iW I' Rupture retained with ea«»
fl^ /TB^V »nd comfort, «n<l thousands raill-
R — /Bv^ tally CURED by DTt. PIERCES
\ k /£&*• A!a(?netlo Elastic Ttufs. ITTCaIi at
a^^ijy office orwrlte for New Pnmphlet No. L
MAGNETIC FXA.9TIC TRUSS CO..
(20 Market st.. opp. Palace Hotel. San Francisco
f Munyon'sHeadache and indigestlonCure
\ •Is the only remedy en tLe market that
I will cure every form of Headache In 3
! to lft minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
| tern. It 6hculd be In every home and
; every traveler's ': ripsack. At all Drug-
gist*. 26 cures. 25c.
■VIET* V I M LOST VIGOR.
JtjS&Sh '— AND MANHOOD
|l Cures linpo(:ncv Nigh; Emissions aod wasting
SRS§ v& G diseases , all effects of self-^buse, or ezceei ttd
«J j^jjl indiscretion. A nerre-tenie and blood»builder.
' '■jPf^ Brings the pink glow to pale cheein and re^
L JR«s. _7 stores the (ire of youth. By m«il 500 per
RflolSJl bcx. 6 boxes for $2.50; with a wricen
MW^^pNguarantee to cure or refund the money.
! Skrolta niMlca! Co., gftnton « S«kso« ttt., GWcafiO.
WAJUL£B BKOS., S3 Grant aye., San Francisco.
WARFARE ON THE
LIQUOR TRAFFIC
The Young Temperance
People Organize,
ONE MILLION CLUB rORMED
ITS OBJECT TO CLOSE SALOONS
THROUGH BALLOT-BOX.
By Securing the Pledge of Voters th«
Organizers Hope to Force Na- .
tional Parties to Take
Action. : •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Nov. 27.— Christian Temper
ance young people all over the United
States are preparing for the formation of
an organization to be known as the. One
Million Club, which will wage relentless
warfare against the liquor traffic,. us. ng as
a. weapon the ballot-box. Chicago will be .
the headquarter!? of the new organization,
and from this city It has already received
a strong impetus.
The One Million Club will differ from
the Woman's Christian Temperance Union.,
in that its energies will be entirely dl
rected toward the election of officials and
tickets pledged to work for the suppres
sion of the saloon. While not exactly on
the plan of the Prohibition party, the
One Million Club has for Its object the
same aims as the Prohibitionists.
It is not the intention of the young 1
people to put a ticket in the political Held,
but to indorse tickets which contain a
plank in the platform pledging a war
against liquor. The members will all be
pledged to vote for the ticket selected re
gardless of political belief.
Mips Eva M. Shontz. president of the
Chicago Young People's Christian Tem
perance Union, is interested in the forma
tion of the new club. She said to-day:
"Before the national conventions of 19*10
we hope to have 1.ui0.000 voters pledged
to use suffrage against the liquor tranic,
and from this it takes its name. An effort
will be made to induce one or two great
political parties to include in the platform
a ifmperance plank. In the event q,f suc
(••■ss in this direction one of these parties
wili !><■ indorsed.
"Otherwise the regular Prohibition party
will receive the votes of the members of
the organization. If we can succeed in set
ting 1.ii00.000 voters pledged to help us in
this fight we feel our strength could be
so great that both Republicans and Dem
ocrats would be anxious for our indorse
ment." , .
Steps are being taken toward calling
delegates to a meeting at which all States
will he represented in this city in Janu
ary in order to perfect the organization
already begun through the medium of
correspondence.
HUNTERS" EQUIPMENTS. .
fillfcl Hunters' Equipments, Fishing
l*linl\ Tackle. Athletic Goods, etc. Send
ULIIIIJ fnr catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVD.
vwivw 739 Market s t r eet. •
IRON FOUNDERS. ' '; »
Western Foundry, Morton S Hedlev. Pr« 3%. .
234 Fremont St. Castincrs of Every D<». "
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
MANUFACTURERS.. '• ' •
COLDEN GATE YVOOLCN MFG. *-<v
I .Manufacture Blankets, Cassimeres. Tweeds and'
Flannels, 535 Market st., San Francisco". Cal.
Goods for sale at all leading cry-goods stores. ■•
MARINE INSURANCE. ...
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital, $4,000,000.
SYZ & CO.. Agents, "
301 California st.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
I TRC REDNHADf) Mattress Co.. 642 Mission.
! 111- DCKniIAKu s t. Telephone Main 1G74.
I , , |
PAPER DEALERS. • ..
Wil I AMCTTF PULP AND PAPER CO.. ' .
WILLAiYI-1 IC 722 Montgomery Streat.
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANO ondmUSIC STORE. '
KOHLER & CHASE,
. ;. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. . ••-■..
A corps of expert tuners and repalrenu
__ 1—
PRINTIN). .•'•'••
EC HHJ VJll t^> Sll PRINTER,.
• V*- fill «J VII Il_x3> sn Sansome stre«t.- •
STATIONER AND PRINTER. : ■•••;.
Telegraphic PARTRIDGE ■* O»tt. "'
Code* r/ArV 1 AIUUL fornla st.
THE HICKS- JUDD co . a^Hi/" :
STEAM COAL. . . ■ . ■ :•
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, . . . '.
Mined by the . ' . '
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at Itt ••- ;
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES" -.
Is the Best Coal in the Market. - ..' • "
Office and Yards— 4so Main Street... ". .."•••
TYPEWRITERS. •. :■: ■ ■■■. ■' ■■
\-?3g\ All Typewriters Rented. ;'•/_
i_!«_V^i Few partly us?d for "sale cheap.- '"■ •'".
AGENTS SMITH PREMIER. -.. '■
.M^^^k L. &M. ALEXANDER. ..
110 Montgomery str«*t. " : v ;" .
________ . " " . . ; • .
WHOLESALE & retail; send for samples, stat-. . : .
Ing quality & color. DUFFY CO.. 928 How urd."" :
WAREHOUSEMEN. ' "; •" if
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE C 0,,;. ..
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers. Gen-! ■
eral Storage Free and Grain Warehouses.- Gen-
eral office, 210 California st. Tel. Main -1014% • •; .
WATCHES. ETC. ~ " / - '
TI ITVnV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and'
• Llinillifull IS-k. Wedding Rings." 4 33 st.
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING • - -
C F. HAAS, mfr wood articles, any deserlp- • '
tir.n. Planing, turning. 417 Mission, tel. M. 5927..
DR-PIERCE'S.:;-.;;"
GOLDEN
MEDICAL ••...-.
~"** v FOR THE
BLOOP,B.BVER.HJNGS- ....
lA/. X. HESS,
HOTART P03L13 AND ATTORNBT-AT LAW,- •
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bld«.
Telerhone Brown 931.
Residence, £21 California St.. below Powell,
San Francisco.
/?N7sS£2S2£2E£2^s\
E I|
MARKET ST. sTNS^ •
Weak Men and Women-
SHOULIJ • USE DAMIANA . BITTERS. VHJ& !
great Mexican remedy; gives health and .
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 823 Market.
34
■• \I)\Y NOVEMBER 28, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Propnetot.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Managar.^
PUBUCATIoi^OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F. ]
Telephone Main 186 S
. BOOMS 217 to 221 Stev«n»on Stre«*
: ■ ' • Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) l»
served : by carriers in tb)» city and surroundlos town* ;
for 15 cents a weak. By mcll $6 per year; p«r montb
65 cent*. " - • ' ' •'•'"
THE WEEKLY CALL ■■■■On« year, by mall. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW- YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertt*iin£ Repreeentatlr*.
:-.;- ■■ . .
WASHINGTON (B. C.) OFFICE Rl£«« Hoa«» \
•'•.■ C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO 0FF1CE....... Marquette Building
C.GEORGE KROGMESS, Advertlelnfc Representative.
=■ ■ " ■ ' : V ■■. - ; . ;
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9;30 o'clocK- 387 Heyes street, open until :
9:30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 645 Lar^ln street, open uotll 9:30 o'clock
»4! Mission street, open until 10 o'clocK- 2291 Market
: •treet. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh j
■ «reet. open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, op«n
until 9:30 o'clock NW. corner Twenty-»oc«i»* «M
l(antucliy street*, op«n until 9 o'clock
■•■■■ •:;■ •=■•.■;.. ;'.•;:• >. MUSE M t N Ti.
■ .' ; .. Caliroi nia^"yecret Service."
: ■■ CoHimWn— "Gayest Manhattan."
■ ••;■: Al^7.ar-';The Politician."
" :..;T4volf-"CyrBno de • Herporac."
■; i M ■:■ SCO 6— "T tommodore."
•■.;■ Ori)heum.— levllle.
! :'•■ Comedy— "Cyrano de Bergerac."
■ ■ The Chutes— Gorilla Man. Vaudeville and the Zoo.
•■.•; Olynipia -Ci rner Mason and Ed. Streets. Specialties.
.. \. Butro'a Hiuhs Swimming.
; I *fclaad Race Track— to-day.
• Mechanics' -Charity I}azaar. Thursday. Decem-
■ »*r 1.
■■'■ : ' : H<i?enthal — C-iminp in rxH-emrxT.
■.-•;■.■ .;. ' AUCTION SALES.
• By Frank W. Butterfleld— day. at 11 a. m., at 1905
Mission street, salmon stock and fixtures. _
By Win G. Lajng- Tuesday. November 29. at 11 o clock.
Hews, at 721 Howard street. _ •
• By Kililp i- i i • r '.iosdav, November 29, at 7.30 p. m.
. thorough^ yearlings, at corner Van Ness avenue and Mar-
ket nr C Wm. G. Layng-Monday evening. November 2S. thor-
■'. oyghbTed race horses, at 721 Howard st.
THE STfITE OF BUSINESS.
THE past week in trade was dull. In the East
cold weather and storms interfered with business,
though the bank clearings were 25.6 per cent
larger than for the same week in 1897. Here there
were no norms, but business was quiet, nevertheless.
But it is seldom that there is any activity in trade
during the two closing months of the year. All the
wimer buying has been done by the middle of No
vember, and the spring demand does not set in until
g in February, and in the meantime there is very
little going on. except- among the retailers, who are
kept busy by the holiday demand.
Trade reports from the East last week were meager,
and contained little of interest and nothing new. The
recent reduction in some kinds of cotton goods re
sulted in rather more liberal buying, but the move
ment is slow at bet. The opinion is that cotton has
?een its lowest point, and it is to be hoped that it is
correct, for this great industry, which is the life of the
Southern part of the country, has been paralyzed for
months; There have been free sales of wool, but at
concessions, and there are still large stocks left on
hand to be got rid oi before any marked activity in
business can take place. The iron and steel trade
keeps up its brilliant reco.rd.-and although the demand
is not as sharp as some time ago. it is still large
enough to' be classed as "enormmis" by the men who
are engaged in it. An unusually good demand for
export is anticipated for next year. The exports of
wheat and corn from Atlantic ports continue larger
than. for the same time last year, and prices have gen
erally been maintained. The failures for the week
were »88, against 236 for the same week in 1897. The
hide and leather markets show more firmness; other
wise the great staples exhibit no new features of in
terest. . .
The feeling in Wall street continues strong, and the
present temper of investors, both professional and
public, continues bu-llish. The market j s nnto t easily
affected by unfavorable reports, while anything in the
way of a bull movement meets with an immediate re
sponse. The ease of the money market has a great
deal to do with this, but notwithstanding the abun
dance of funds the undercurrent of the market is one
of marked firmness. Bonds are especially sought
after, though the usual stocks have come in for their
share of trade.
Business out on this coast is a fair reflex of that in
the East. While there is no activity, there is no real
dullness, and profit margins are sufficient to pay rea
sonable dividends on invested funds. The continued
lack of rain has been severely felt, and until the State
gets a good soaking general trade will undoubtedly
rule quiet. The rainfall, to date is below that of last
year, and this ominous fact deters capital from branch
ing out in any direction.
Although 1898 has been called a year of scanty pro
duction, it is satisfactory to note that the shipments
of fruit overland from California were only 9 per cent
below those for 1897. Early in the spring it was not
thought that this year's shipments would amount to
niore than 2500 carloads, or about one-half of last
year's shipments, but the close of the season finds us
with a total of 4824 carloads of deciduous fruit — quite
an improvement over the early estimates. Last year's
shipments were 5323 carloads. But the returns this
year were larger than those in 1897, owing to the
higher prices this year. Cherries and pears made the
best showing,, the loss in the latter being only 3 per
cent. The dried fruit exhibit this year, however, is
not as favorable as usual, and falls behind that made
by deciduous fruit, owing to its inferiority, due to the
dry season, which resulted in a large proportion of
small-sized and otherwise undesirable fruit, prunes
being the chief sufferer in this respect. Canned fruit
has done very well, having met with a good demand
at better prices than have ruled for several years.
In field and range products there is little or nothing
new. !:Wool has shown rather more life, but is dull
at best, and sales are made only at concessions. Live-
stock of all kinds except veal has declined during the
week, owing to the raising of the tunnel blockade in
the Sierra Nevadas. . Hops are still in brisk demand
at good prices; and sales are readily made. Provisions
are slow and unchanged. The grain markets have ex
hibited no striking features during the week, and trade
lias been dull all around.
One man has gone crazy over the defeat of Cor
•. bett, but the defeated seems to keep his head all right
. and is probably even now planning how next to
f.ecce the public.
_
:.'. ' In replying to his critics Shafter chose to regard
same pf them as so small as not to be worth notice,
"—^-"jiew which will tend to strengthen him in popular
-jard •
fL MILITARY REPUBLIC.
THE citizens who are advocating a strong mili
tary policy because our possession of tropical
colonies will require it may be suspected of fa
voring an imperial colonial policy, because it will
I make necessary a standing army of about 200,000 men
and a navy equal to the combined sea strength of
Continental Europe.
It all means that we are to have a military republic,
in which the army and navy will eclipse civil pur
suits. By pursuing a non-military policy and keeping
arms in a position for defense only, the country has
prospered until we are the richest of the nations.
Now we are following the same course as that trav
eled by older countries. The wealth won in the pur
suits of peace is regarded as a prize to be devoted
to the purchase of glory, and its investment in a
mighty military establishment is treated as the highest
patriotism.
If there be no check to this, it will not be long un
til the army spirit will control the country.
Already the politicians are on the lookout for a
military hero as a candidate for the Presidency.
Early in our Civil War, when an army of 50,000
men was passing under review. Caleb Cashing looked
thoughtfully on the marching mass and a friend
asked him what he was thinking. The veteran law
yer answered, "I am wondering what subaltern officer
in those ranks will rise to be ruler of the republic
when the struggle is over." The old student of the
history of nations reasoned rightly. Following the
war seven military men were candidates for the
Presidency, and five have reached that high office.
Politicians will materially assist in making this a
military republic, for our appearance under arms on
the theater of the world's contentions and disputes
will supply us with an abundance of military material.
Our Sirdars and Pashas will be coming home, pan
oplied in military glory, and none of them will forget
the path that brought him to the highest civil prefer
ment. The army will be to this country what it is to
France, where it dominates every interest in the re
public and is able to arrest or distort the processes of
civil justice.
Already the politicians are bringing the heroes of
our brief war into focus for 1900. When the war began
political ambition sent men after commissions in the
army, and the desire to deserve well of their country
men at the polls was not improperly among the mo
tives that sustained their courage under fire and f
It is well that the people should consider how .y
we may glide from our position as a peaceful nation
to that of a military republic, in which the pursuits of
peace are valued, not su much for the homes they
build, the tables they fill and the hearths they warm,
a= for the sinews of war they can supply and the pomp
and circumstance they can support.
LIBRARY AFFAIRS.
ONE of the most gratifying results of the con
ference of librarians at Sacramento was the
appointment of a committee to draw up a bill
for submission to the Legislature providing for the
establishment of some form of the traveling library
system which has been so successful wherever adopted
in the East.
The matter is one of interest to all sections of the
Sate, for in every community there is a considerable
number of persons who will be benefited by it. Its
main benefits, however, will be conferred upon those
portions of the commonwealth which are so sparsely
settled that they contain no public library for the use
of the people.
So much experience has been gained in several of
the Eastern States in the conduct oT traveling libraries
that the committee appointed to draft a bill for such
a system here can hardly go astray in formulating it.
They have only to follow the main lines of the New
York plan and adapt them to local conditions in or
der to devise a feasible and beneficial system.
While the proposed bill promises for the State at
large a better and fuller use of the State Library, the
people of San Francisco have a library problem of
their own to consider. According to the annual re
port the Free Public Library has outgrown its pres
ent quarters, and for its normal growth requires
more space than can be provided for it in the City
Kc.ll. Within two years, it is estimated, a new build
inp will be absolutely necessary for the institution.
On this showing it is full time for the public and
the officials having charge of such matters to begin
to consider how the needs of the library are to be met.
San Francisco is far behind other large American
cities in the matter of libraries, and while, owing to
her comparative youth, this is not to her discredit, it
is time she was making preparations at least for a
suitable home for her Free Library. Two years is
net a long time in affairs of such importance as this,
and the best thought of the city should be given to
a consideration of ways and means for providing the
mi nicipality with a library building commensurate
with its dignity and its needs.
OUR PROMPT NEWS SERVICE.
YESTERDAY The Call once more demon
strated the superiority of its news service by
being the first to give to the public full and ac
curate information of the results of the fearful explo
sion that wrecked the steamer T. C. Walker.
The details of a catastrophe of the kind constitute
a species of news for which the public cannot wait.
Thousands of persons have friends who may be in
volved in the disaster, and these are eager to know
at once the names of all who were killed or injured.
Recognizing this anxiety on the part of the public,
The Call, as soon as the report of the explosion was
received, set about gathering all the details and pub
lished them without a moment's delay.
The extra contained every particle of information
that could be desired by the general public. It in
cluded a full list of the passengers, the names of the
dead, and also the names of the injured, together with
a statement of the nature of their injuries. Thus the
full extent of the disaster was made known at once- to
the city and the surrounding country as far south as
Bakersfield, and the further evil of anxiety and fear
*n many households whose friends were uninjured
was spared.
The promptness with which the news was gathered
and published is another demonstration of the efficacy
of The Call staff and the splendid equipment of its me
chanical departments. The accomplishment may be
accepted as another assurance that The Call affords
-riot only to the city but to all the country round a
news service adequate to every demand and prompt
to meet every emergency.
OUR LATEST BATTLESHIP.
BY the successful launching of the Wisconsin an
other powerful battleship has been added to
our navy and another proof given of the con
structive ability of our shipyards. As Mr. Scott
pointed out in his speech at the banquet on Saturday
evening, the launch was a most important one, "in
fact, second to none in the United States, as the ves
sel is a thousand tons larger than the Oregon and
the contract calls for one knot more speed."
That the new ship when armored and equipped for
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28. 1898.
her trial will show herself equal to all the require
ments of the contract and probably superior in speed
is hardly to be doubted. The record of what has been
accomplished by our ship-builders in the past affords
a firm foundation for the most sanguine hopes in this
case, and w^e may, therefore, expect to see the Oregon
surpassed not only in size and speed according to con-
tract, but in every respect.
This new achievement of our ship-builders increases
the strength of our claim that the Government should
provide for the construction of another battleship
I of the first and most powerful class, to bear the name
I of California, and that she should be constructed at
i our shipyards. This should be borne in mind by our
Representatives at Washington whenever plans for
further naval expansion are under consideration. It
is time to have a California upon the. seas to protect
the Hag of the Union and do honor to the State that
has contributed so much to the wealth and the glory
of the republic.
\A OXTHS ago this paper made an expose of
/ \. the jobbery which had marked the construc
tion of the ferry building. It demonstrated
dispassionately, yet sparing no offender, that the job
bery had been actual robbery: that the State had
lieen swindled by the Harbor Commissioners,, in con
nivance with a lot of contractors; that every change
made in the specifications for the building had been
detrimental to the integrity of the structure and an
extra expense to the State. It pointed out in detail
who had permitted the crooked work and to whom
had fallen the unholy profit.
According to the belief of The Call, founded on
careful investigation, the stealings amount to a sum
not far from $100,000. and, to add to the offense, the
people get a depot far inferior to that for which they
were willing to pay, and for which they were taxed.
In justice to the present board it must be said that
Chairman Colnon is the only member who was a
member of the body while it was devoting its ener
gies to the swindling of the public and the fattening
of contractors.
It is seldom that even in connection with public
work, where stealing i? recognized as a habit, there
has been such bare-faced, unblushing frauds as The
Call brought to light. The accused made denial, but
they could bring forward nothing to sustain their con
tentions. The evidence against them was complete.
The testimony of figures and the logic of tangible
facts were not to be shaken by indignant assevera
tions of innocence.
Yet for a time the matter has seemed to rest. Per
haps the erring, clinking their ill-got coin, thought
their method of obtaining it had passed from mind.
If so, they were over-hasty with their congratulations.
A Senate Committee has heard the report of ex
perts. This report is not yet complete, but so far as
it goes it completely sustains the charges made by
this paper. It shows that on four contracts alone the
stealing amounted to $66,847 55- On masonry it was
more than $28,000, and on carpentry and plastering
more than $.20,000. There are many other contracts,
and there is reason to believe that each one of them
above the foundation was tainted by corruption and
manipulated for illicit gain.
The question arises as to what shall be done about
so shameful a condition of affairs. Shall officials who
have been faithless to their trusts be permitted to go
unpunished? Shall one of them still be continued in
the power he has abused? Surely the people of Cali
fornia can find some way to protect themselves against
rogues. Penalty should be meted out and a demand
for restoration of the loot vigorously enforced.
A NOTABLE feature oi the annual report of the
Secretary of the Interior, which has just been
made public, is the prominence given to
Alaskan affairs and the space devoted to a considera
tion of the needs and the prospects of the Territory.
i Before the Klondike excitement of last year Alaska
I could hardly pet even recognition at Washington.
! but now the officials of the Interior Department make
her the subject of a host of recommendations.
The first feature of Alaskan conditions referred to
i: the difficulty of preventing the smuggling of liquor
into the country. This difficulty is likely to. increase
as the population increases. The Governor of the
Territory is quoted as favoring a high license law as
a means of putting an end to smuggling, but it is a
safe prediction that the higher the license the larger
will be the amount of smuggled liquor in the country.
It has been found impossible to prevent the illicit
importation of liquor into districts where its use is
prohibited even when they are so well policed as
Mnine and Kansas, and it is safe to say the only way
to regulate the traffic in a country like Alaska will be
to make the license so low that the legitimate dealer
can compete with the smuggler and drive him out of
business.
By the imposition of high license the Secretary
believes there could be raised in Alaska a revenue of
$200,000 annually. To that sum $50,000 could be
added by a tax on salmon, and probably $100,000
! more by wharfage duties. The Secretary, however,
announces his opposition to the enactment of any
system of taxation upon the Territory until land laws
have been provided which will enable settlers to ac
quire titles and make homes for themselves.
A sanguine view is taken of the resources of the
country outside of its mineral wealth. It is stated
■that many sections of the Territory are shown to be
suitable for agricultural purposes, and that with
proper care cattle can be raised in the milder dis
tricts. The report adds: "It cannot be doubted that
in the course of time herds of reindeer will cover the
plains of Northern Alaska, and a few thousands of
dollars spent now in helping the Esquimaux to ob
tain herds will save the expenditure of many thou
sands in the future."
The rapid increase of the trade of Alaska has
brought with it a necessity for the erection of more
lighthouses along the coast and the establishment of
a better mail service. Strong ground is taken by the
report in favor of granting the people of the Terri
] tory representation in Congress, and it is pointed out
that there is needed an enlargement of administrative
authority to the local government and the extension
of land laws to the more settled portions of the vast
region.
It will' be seen that the development and organiza
tion of our northern possessions entail a great many
problems and a considerable cost of money. Nothing
cr.n be gained, however, by postponing the settlement
of any of them. Representation in Congress, some
thing of local self-government and liberal land laws
such as are conceded to other Territories ought to
be granted to all parts of Alaska, where there is a
considerable number of Americans residing and
working. The region promises to be rich, and a full
opportunity and encouragement should be given to
American energy and enterprise to develop its re
sources to the uttermost.
According to the Report its contemporaries have
been announcing that no bodies would be found in
the, ruins of the Baldwin. No such contemporaries
are on our exchange list-
JOBBERY AT THE FERRY.
ALASKAN AFFAIRS.
THE BALDWIN'S HOODO CHAIR.
"It's a mighty bad piece of business," loudly remarked a glassy-eyed,
horsey-looking man with a red-and-yellow sweater reaching up to his ears,
as he stood opposite the Baldwin ruins the day after the fire and made tun
nels In the drifts of smoke with the strongly charged breath of an Inglesme
cigar, "but there are lots of the boys will be tickled to know the hoodoo
chair Is gone for goo-d and all. . ,
"You see. 1 ' he went on, after he had saved the cigar from being sueKeu
by a strong draught through one of its own tunneJs, "it was the corner seat
in the office just as you went Into or came out of the bar. but it was usu
ally when you came out, and especially In the morning, that it took a tail
out of you. I don't just exactly remember who got the first rally s^eral
years ago. Strikes me it was White Hat McCarthy or Jim-but say, names
don't cut any figure. Anyhow, all you had to do was to stroll out in toe
morning after a few blinkers at the bar to soothe the sensation that comes
hand in hand with the gray dawn on certain occasions. Is ot feeling strong
enough to make any play on tips and things till somebody else had . mad^
a break a chap'd naturally drop into that first seat, light up a clgM «QO
size up the field in a free-and-easy way, so no one'd think he was surprised
to find himself there. Then he'd haul out his ticker as steady as he could
and compare it with the office clock to see if the hotel was up to date.
Next he'd nod familiarly to some one across the office. It didn t make any
difference who it was. If one of your friends was watching he d think you
were all O X to be able to see that distance, and that you only failed to
recognize him 'cause you were tcro busy picking winners for the day to clot,
up your mind with too many details.
"So far so good-and the hoodoo hadn't whispered. Well, after a rev.
more passes with yourself you'd light up your cigar again and
brace youself for a look at the street through the Powell-street windows.
Of course you wouldn't be fool enough to waste any time admirinsr the
early morning sunlight, for you all know about those times when no matter
how bright the sun and blue the sky there's a wart on everything m na
ture. It's an optical delusion, I s'pose. but we won't argue that. Any now,
a fell.,w'd try himself on human nature first, lhats something in mo
tion, and Its comforting if you don't feel like moving yourself to IN otbffl
moving, and then you're dead sure the world hasn t come to a standstill be
cause you're tired. Well, you'd see two lovely butterflies come llittint, Daat
the windows from the direction of Market street, and you d follow em with
your eyes to see 'em go past the door or maybe come in. Would you see
rr f m? Nit. They'd reach the door post, and men either evaporate or be
changed into a couple of men or an old woman with a basket on her arm.
Funny, you'd think, but perhaps they got in a Corbett side step, and you d
lay foir the next lot. The same thine:.
"Say you saw Colonel Kowalsky coming up to the post to keep an en
gagement with his breakfast you'd feel sure he wasn't going to do any
fide-stepping act on you. But at the door the colonel would become
Clawson the jockey, or some other Dipestem fellow weighing oO pounds.
One morning I saw Baldwin himself melt into a newsboy. Now wouldn t
that Shock you and make you think that your last night's dreams were true,
or that you had been born over aerain and changed at the birth?
"And the effects it would have on different chaps. I saw a fellow one
morning steady himself .in a manner that was a nerve tonic in itself, it
was done so beautifully until he got the hoodoo. First he tried to keep
his eyes from the windows, but they wandered back again and he began
to twitch He crossed carefully over, opened the inner door and stood out
side looking rather wild at everybody passing He looked quite awhile,
rubbed his face and then coming in to the clerk gasped: My grip-quick.
'Save a room for to-night?' says the clerk, passing the grip. Iso, no
must get back home— wife sick,' and out he went.
"Then there was— but never mind the name— he came rushing up to the
desk from the chair crying: 'Quick, for God's sake, save them.' 'What's
up°' asks the clerk. 'Why. your coal hole's open outside and Ive seen at
least twenty people fall Into it. Send some one >wn for heaven's sake.
"Another fellow I know dashed out of the house, took a drink cure and
has been sober ever since. I tell you our old friend conscience was not in
it as a reformer with the hoodoo chair. And it was ail as easy to get the
hang of as a hundred-to-one shot on the square tip," and the glassy-eyed
man became confidential. "You know the inner doors of the hotel set in
about six feet and the passageway was paneled with long mirrors. rou
couldn't «cc the street doorway except as it was reflected in the glass, and
a fellow'd naturally think it was a continuation of the window. Of course
I mean some fellows. The people that passed the window went into the
back of the glass, and in their place you'd see the people coming down the
street as they went by the door. Sitting in any other chair in the house
a fellow'd glance to the window on the other side of the doors, but in the
hoodoo «?eat one would no more do it than he'd take his eyes off a mix-up
at the quarter pole to see if the home-stretch was clear. It was a double
barreled game with every trump against you. Some of us put up a job
on Tod Sloan one morning, but it never phased him, and that was Why
Toil's picture always hung above the hoodoo chair. Now, there "
But at. this point a policeman fell through an unusually large tunnel
which the exhalations from the Ingleside Maduro had made in the street
smoke and the glassy-eyed man was lost in the ensuing shoveback.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
R. R. Cameron, an attorney of Hanford,
is at the Lick.
F. B. Goww, a fruit grower of Madera.
is at the Lick.
John E. Steams, a mining man of Grass
Valley, is at the Grand.
State Senator Guy B. Barham. of Los
Angeles is at the Palace.
Rev. Daniel G. Macktnnon of Stockton
is stopping at the Occidental.
A. G. Campbell, a mining man of Hum
boldt. is registered at the Grand.
G. Lindsay, the District Attorney of
Santa Cruz, is a guest at the Grand.
Mark R. Plalsted of the Riverside En
terprise is stopping at the California.
Dr. J. W. Farrington. a noted physician
of Arizona, is a guest at the Grand.
"W C. Peyton, of the powder works at
Santa Cruz, is a guest at the Palace.
W F> Parker, a capitalist of Wisconsin,
accompanied by his wife, is at the Russ.
J H Sherman, proprietor of the Sher
man House of Prescott, Ariz., is a guest
at the Lick.
Peter Gaffney, the well-known New
York clubman and owner of fine breed
ing stock, is at the Palace.
George W. Hofman, a prominent busi
ness man of El Rio, accompanied by his
family, is a guest at the Russ.
J S Happor. the T'nlted States Consul
at Kobe, Japan, arrived in this city last
night on his way to the Orient.
A. E. Grinnell and Captain C. W. Ander
son of Dawson. are stopping at the Russ
for the winter and will return to the Klon
dike in the spring.
Commander C. A. Postley. U. S. N.. ar
rived last night from the East to attend
the wedding of his son. Sterling Postley,
and the sister-in-law of Henry E. High
ton.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Nov. 27.— John B. Wise
of San Fmnoisoo Is at the Hoffman.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
An armored cruiser named Kaieer Karl
VI was launched October 24 at San Rocco,
near Trieste. She is the largest ship of
modern design In the Austrian navy and
is 367 feet 6 Inches In length, 56 feet beam
and displaces 6250 tons on a mean draught
of only 20 feet 4 inches. All the armor is
of Harveyized steel, the belt having a
maximum thickness of 10.6 inches, the tur
rets 9.8 Inches and the protective deck 1M(
inches. The armament consists of tv/o 9.4
inch, eight 6.9-inch Krupp guns, the latter
being quick-firers, and eighteen smaller
guns in the secondary battery. With twin
screw engines of 12,000 horse-power a
speed of 20 knots is anticipated. The nor
mal coal supply is exceptionally large. It
being 800 tons, and the ship in its entirety
Is credited with being a perfect specimen
of her type on bo limited a displacement.
The courtesy of Russian naval officers
is well known and thoroughly appreciated
all over the world, and they are welcomed
wherever they go. One reason for this en
viable reputation is that the officers are of
the best families and have private means
besides their salaries, and are therefore
not hampered with the unpleasant trouble
of how to make both ends meet. It is
not alone abroad but also at homo that
their courtesy gains for them so many
friends, and an incident is told of the ex
perience of some English tourists, who by
some misunderstanding were left by
their steamer at Kronstadt. The Orient
steamer Lusatanla called at St. Peters
burg and a party of ten took a trip to
Kronstadt while the steamer dropped
down the roads. The tug failed to come
in time for the excursionists and they
were in danger of losing their steamer
when the admiral commanding the fort
ress learned of their predicament. He at
once placed his official launch at the dis
posal of the party, insisted on paying
their cab fare from the pier to the place
of embarkation, and had search made for
one of the party wbo had lost his way,
and he twice dispatched the launch to the
Lusitania to satisfy himself that all the
belated passengers were safe on board
The London Times gave an account of the
pleasing Incident and stated that the
naval officer to whom the excursionists
were Indebted was Admiral Wessalago
naval governor of Kronstadt.
One of the most remarkable battleships
in any navy Is the turret Bhip Bouvet, in
the French navy. Her offensive and de
fensive power exceeds that of any other
ship afloat In that she carries heavier
armor and can bring 1 a battery of 52 guns
of all calibers into play. She was built at
L'Orient. her keel laid in January,
1893, launched in April, 1X96, and completed
two years later. The Bouvet is 401 feet 2
inches in length, 70 feet 3 inches breadth,
and displaces 12,200 tons on 27^ feet
draught. She has triple screw engines
developing 14,000 horse-power and a speed
of lT l^ "knots. Tm? ship has an all-around
water line belt »>f nickel steel 16 inches
thick at the water line, tapering to 8
inches below, and a protective deck 3^
Inches thick, which with the belt gives
protection to the machinery and maga
zines eciual to 44 inches of iron. There
are four turrets, one at each end and one
on each beam. In the forward and after
turrets, which are MV2 inches thick, are
placed one 4fi-ton 12-inch gun of 40 cali
bers, with muzzle velocities of 2625 feet
per second, equal to a striking force of
30,750 foot tons, and the beam turrets car
ry one 10.8-inch gun of 45 calibers, with a
striking force of 22,750 foot tons. Eight
6-inch quick-firers are carried in small
turrets 4 inches thick, and eight 4-inch
quick-firers are distributed on the upper
deck behind 2-inch steel shields. The sec
ondary battery includes twelve 3-pounders
and twenty 1-pounders, a total of 52
guns. There are three above water and
two submerged torpedo tubes, and the
three conning towers are 10 inches in
thickness. The power of the four larger
guns at 2000 yards is calculated as capable
of penetrating 24 inches and 18 inches of
iron, or roughly estimated to go through
12 and 9 inches Harveyized steel at the
range of 2000 yards. At the twenty-four
hours' trial at sea the Bouvet averaged
about 17.25 knots. Her normal coal supply
is only 621 tons, and the estimated cost of
the ship ready for sea, including arma
ment, was a little over $5,415,000, which has
been slightly exceeded.
THERE IS LACK OF
MILITARY ENTHUSIASM
UNCERTAINTY RETARDS RE
ORGANIZATION.
The National Guard aa Viewed by the
Second .brigade Inspector in
His Report.
For the reason stated in the National
Guard department last week, that is to
say, the disinclination of men already in
the guard to go before the medical board
for physical examination, and the fur
ther reason that, In view of the incoming
administration, there is no telling at this
time if there will be any change in the
plan at present being followed in the
reorganization of the guard, matters in
the guard came to almost a standstill last
week In this city.
The medical board held two sessions.
At one there were examined twenty-eight
men for Company I of the First Regi
ment, and at the other session four men
were examined for Company B and a like
number for Companies D and L.. Another
session will be held this week. The en
thusiasm which prevailed at the time that I
the announcement was made that the ac- I
tual work of reorganization would com
mence seems to have been snuffed out as
suddenly as it was kindled.
The petition of Colonel Fairbanks of the
Fifth Infantry to be placed on the retired
list has been granted.
The Naval Militia of California was In- j
vited to send a representative to the ses- ]
Bions of the Naval Militias of the United ;
States, to be held In Philadelphia on the i
2d and 3d of next December. A
proposition to send an officer to represent !
the California militia was discussed some ;
time ago, but nothing came of it for want
of funds to meet the expenses of a journey j
there and back, and there was no mem
ber of the guard who is in a financial
condition to expend $500 for the glory «>f
attending the meeting and obtaining in
formation for the advancement of the
militia in this State.
During the absence of Captain Turner,
now at Honolulu, Executive Officer
Nearny Is now in command of the mili
tia.
On the first Tuesday in December the
officers will meet on board of the Marion
for officers' mess and the discussion of
matters that are calculated to advance
the interests of the militia throughout the
State.
The report of Major Jansen, inspector
of the Second Brigade, has been forward
ed to the adjutant general, and will ap
pear in the report which is soon to be
Issued. It covers forty pages of letter-size
paper, typewritten, and is a ccleatr t military
document, giving in dettafl the condition
of the various Organizations within, the
limits of the brigade on the Ist of last
April, which Included at that . time the
First and Fifth regiments of Infantry,
Troop A Cavalry, the Signal Corps, the
Sanitary Corps and the Gad-et Company^
now known as Company O: .At: present
many of the men who composed .these or
ganizations are in the volunteer service,
and only Troop A and Company O remain
intact. The report shows tnatat t'.ve time
of the inspection the numerical -strength
of the brigade was 105 officers. .and. l4ll en
listed men, being 'seventy-two less .'officers
and men than at the lnsnecfci«n."bf •- thai
previous year. '1 here is a great deal in
the report that is valuable as guidance
for the future" officers of the organization,
of the brigade. i ... ■<;.•. ; .-" •. •".
On the subject of los.s at... property .he
says: "We find that .when property wan
lost it was' lost' at camp.. -Were camp*
properly guarded it would- be Impossible
for persons not connected with the regi,
ments to steal property without, being ob
served by the sentries; consequently the
lost property would be within the limits
of the regiment. I mni'.nd that, at
future camps company commanders losing
property report the fact, to the regimental
commander, who 5ha11...-, before breaking
camp, assemble the regiment-, and en
deavor to recover the lost: property. If
found, and it appears that it was willfully
taken by persons connected with the.re.gi-.
merit, such persons should be made an ex
ample of before leaving the grounds."
In relation to the men, he says: "The
appearance of the men and the discipline
generally are very good. Company platoon,
movements, extended orde,r, manual of
arms and other exercises were in some
cases very good and excellent; in others
only good and fair, the latter merit being 1
mainly due to lack of force of character
on the part of some tains. \. Force of
character is the attribute of an officer
to command men and maintain discipline
The same rule applies to lieutenants and
non-commissioned officers.' Many of them
give their commands in a hesitating man
ner and without animation, as if they had,
no self-reliance." ".--..' .'• • . -.
AT THE PARK AND CLIFF.
Usual Programme Was Dispensed
With— Aquatic Contests at
Sutro's Baths.
The city's pleasure grounds were de
serted yesterday. Anticipating rain the
programme of the park band was dis
| with and there wa* but ttttle
pleasure promenading In the damp, cold
air I» consequence the crdwd was small
and the drive smaller. A small number of
D^ple braved the threatening, storm and
visited the Cliff House and strolled along
the beach but the majority anxious for
the ?e¥ulte of the contest,: Fifty yard
dash for novices. F. Balston flret, D-
Berry second; diving from crossaim, won
by 11. Seebkch, E. Bonifield
race won by l>an Carroll: springboard
divinp won by A. Hay, E. Kitt second;
high diving, won by P. «.re.T..
SOLDIEK AND STATESMAN.
Frank B. Hargrave of the Tenth
Pennsylvania Elected to the
Legislature.
Frank B. Hargrave, a young" lieutenant
of the Tenth Pennsylvania Regiment", now
ir< Manila, returned to this city Satur
,Viv on the City •<£ Para. The first remem
brance of home that he received wa-s a
telegram from his relatives which *;■
nounced to him that • elected
to the Legislature of Pennsylvania. -
Hargrave knew of his nomination, but
had not receiv< d any Information as to the
result of the election. He was a happy
man yesterday, and his friends were bow-
Ins to him with def< rence. He will repre
sent Westmoreland County in the lower
branch of the Legislature.
Cal. glace fru.. 50c per lb at Townsend's."
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main li>42.
Chaste gold framt.s with ebony shadow
boxes are very artistic tor pictures In
colors. Pictures in black and white look
best in <Jull finished woods with ivory
carving; largest variety and' newest de
signs at S&nborfl & Vails. ,41 Market." •
Free libraries are not -wanted in some
parts of London. The three adjoining
parishes of Islington, St. Pancras and
Marylehone have refused- to-- eStaWish
them, even where the books were offered
as a gife.
'-Mrs. Winslow's Soothing- Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years bj millions of
mothers for their children white Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the guras, allays Pain, cures Wind Co!i<\ reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 2io a bottle.
HOTEL PEL CORON ADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay $2 50 per day. .Apply at
4 New Montgomery street. San Francisco.
Russia is going to turn the harbor of
Libau on the Baltic, near Riga, into a
first-class naval station and fortress. The
port will be closed to merchantmen and
foreigners, fnr whom the harbor in Win
dau is being fitted up. __^__
ERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales 0ver6, 000,000 Boxea
iPfSISPS
FOS BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS ..
. : such as Wind and Pain in tho Stomach.
Giddiness. Fulness after meals.. Head-
- ache. Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat. Loss of Appetite. Oostiveness. ..
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills. T>is-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTEB. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECIIAM'B PIIXS, taken as direct- M
cd. will auicklr restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys- '. .
tern and cure Mck Headache. •Fpra-JgH
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the .
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In the World.
25c. at all Drue Stores. '• ;
O O OOOOOOOOOOOQ O.<S
gw PALACE AJIf l
%GRAND HSXMkg$
ft ; bam MtAMOIBOO. a
■J Connected by a covered passagrew*y. IJ
P 1400 Rooms— With Bath Attached- *J ..
O All . Under .One Management. ■ »J
D ■•■:•■- KOTK THE PRICK 6: ' j. W
Z European Plan.Bl.OO per day and op^»SQ(
O jLmerlcan Plan .$3.00 per day and upw*ra «-
n Correspondence Solicited. W
g Correspondence Bollcitod. . . Q
JOHH 0. KIRSPATBICK, Mia»r»- Q
QjO OOQOQQOQ O OO^OjO*?
Radway's
Pills
healthful regularity .. derll of the Stomach. O"
■ For the cure of all or r.,;,VMp P fetnale Ir- i
Liver. Bowels Kldn££^^ffiJneST Co^ .
Btipation. Pile, nnd all aeranß Dnj
.inrma^K^AT Voo, New -Tork.HE BREATHES
THROUGH A
BULLET-HOLE
Soldier's Lung Pierced
by a Mauser Missile.
A REMARKABLE RECOVERY
VETERAN OF MALATE ARRIVES
ON THE PARA.
He Tells His Sensations When the
Shot Shattered His Breast
bone and "Went Through
Him.
.;: "Victor. Henry Xlolmes, aged IP. private
.of Company K. Tenth Pennsylvania, U.
S. V.. inVa.Ude.d. >;ome." is a simple entry
IrV.the war records which reachpd this
ctty en route to Washington, by the City
of Para. ■ But the boy bravery in battle
and guttering from a bullet wound
through; his lungs deserves more extend
ed mention.
? When President McKJnley called for
, volunteers last April Young Hoimes and
: thirty-five fellow students at Waynes
burg, Pa... college laid aside their studits
and ambitions, took up their muskets ami
bade farewell to weeping relatives and
sweethearts. These boys all joined Com
pany K. under Captain Crago, a Waynes
burg graduate. The most popular soldier
in th< company was young Holmes, the
all-round athlete of the collepe and the
winner of highest honors in oratory and
literature.
On the morning of August 1 in far away
Manila he was brought in from the bat
tle around with a Mauser bullet wound
which the surgeons pronounced fatal.
The deadly missile struck him square ,ri
the breast. Shattered the chest bone and
perforate^ th< right lung, making its exit
beneath the right shoulder blade. \\ Uh
every breath blood oozed from the wound
and "the surgeons gravely declared the
young patriot's hours were numbered,
Jlut Mother Nature said no, the youth
must live. Holmes' splendid constitution
and great vitality saved him. and thougn
weak ai d emaciated from months of ter
rible suffering, his covery is assured.
immediately on the arrival of the City
cf Para I>!\ Porter had young Holmes
taken to St. Luke's Hospital. The pa
tient stood the long journey remarkably
well and as soon as he has regained a
portion of his former strength an opera
tion will be performed which will hast< n
convalescence. Owing to lack of medical
facilities and inexperienced nurses at Ma
nila the wounded soldier did not receiv?
proper treatmen. Suppuration lollowed.
and the orifices in his breast and back
have been discharging pus for months.
While he- suffers no great pain. Hoimes
has a racking cough which causes him
great distl ;: ',
Young Holmes has all the characteris
tics of. a-.good soldier and tells his story
with the greatest modesty. Here is his
account. of the battle of Malate:
"The fight began about midnight July 31.
and I was.ordered to vidette duty at the
extreme right of our lines. I had been
firing- a.t the enemy for about an hour
when a' bullet struck me in the chest. I
fired tine more shot from my Springfield
and then fell. . 1 presume that shot was
fir^d automatically, although I remember
(■very incident.: When the Mauser struck
me it. seemed as if a thousand redhot nee
dles had been plunged into my breast.
That : wits only sensation I felt. The re
coil i>t my mngket knocked me down and I
caused the blood to gush from rhy breast.
I walked and crawled about 400 yards to
ward. .our lines : and fell exhausted in an
©Id trench- . \.
■ "As '<• irl-y a-sl'ean estimate the time I
laid there about an hour before my com
ra<3<*s found me- and carried me back to
the rf^ar. r had. not lost consciousness, ai
though tlie wound bled terribly. The sur- |
peons • xamined my injury and said it was
fatal. Well; I though of my widowed
motherland sister- and I didn't want to die.
"I was placed in the hospital at Manila
and remained .there two. months. The sur
geons were not .properly equipped, the
nurses did not know their business, and I
<Jiu not get y.-ell very rapidly. I often ex
pressed a wish to my fellow sufferers that
the Red Cross had been allowed to send
nurses to" the war. But they weren't and
we had to suffer' in consequence. Then,
too, the food was abominable. Why, the
morning we went- out to fight we were
given half a can of salmon and six hard
tacks for twenty-four hours' rations.
When we were in the hospital we fared
no better. I was pleased, indeed, when
the doctors told me I was to be sent home.
1 knew I would never • get well down
there." ' ■
The. wounded soldier still worships the
Stars and Stripes as dearly as he did the
day he enlisted, but he declares the volun
teers were badly treated.
Young- Holmes -is anMn-,;s to learn some
thing of his only brother, who went to
Cuba as a correspondent when the war
began. His mother has not heard from
the eider brother for months and they
fear he is dead. ■■
Mrs. Holmes, tHe widowed mother, lives
at Millsboro. Pa., and is assistant princi
pal of the Brownsville public schools.
Socialist Meeting.
W. J. Martin, the nominee of the So
cialist Labor party for Congressman in
the Fourth District, spoke before a large
gathering last night at Washington Hall
on "Economic Interpretation." He ana
lyzed the present economic conditions and
explained their meaning at the present
time.
Noted Hawaiian Jurist Dead.
E-Judge William Foster, who was a
•weli-known Hawaiian jurist under the i
rnoirarrhy. died last evening at St. Luke's ,'
Hospital. . Judge Foster has been prartlo- |
ing law In; this city for several years, dur- j
ing which time he has also been one of the i
editors of the Crocker law publications.
Ut- was about 50 years of age. On Nnvem- .
ber 14 he suffered a stroke of paralysis
while at work in his office, and he never j
fully recovered consciousness.
Disappeared in the Clouds.
One of the most interesting numbers on
the programme yesterday at Glen Park,
the Mission Zoo. whf the balloon ascen
sion and parachute jump by r'harles <v»n
lon. the daring young aeronaut, '"onion
disappeared i" the clouds shortly aft<-r he
left the f-artli. and it was many minutes
before he reappeared coming through the
fog on his parachute. He landed not far
from "where he went up.
0000000000000000000000000000000000
lINMEMORYOF DEPARTED BROTHERS I
o o
i Bet. Fair Wfm to Deliver i livecatiei at \
% tie Ms 1 Memorial Services. %
© o
©IT the annual memorial services given by San Francisco L,odg" Mo. 3, ©
© A benevolent and Protective Order of Elks, that will take place .it the O
O H California Theater Sunday, December 4, the Rev. Father H. H. Wy- O
q •*■ -*- man; pastor of St. Mary's Church, has consented to deliver the in- Q
O vocation. It will be. the first time in the history of San Francisco Elk- O
O dom that a Catholic priest has participated in the memorial services of O
© that order. O
O The committee in charge of the services decided to Invite one of the O
O Catholic clergy to deliver the invocation, and accordingly Brother C. \V. ©
O Carmany called on Father Wyman at his residence and after fxpiatataff ©
© to the reverend father that the services were given to commemorate Q
O members of the order who had passed away during the year Father Wy- ©
O man consented to participate. O
© The memorial services next Sunday will commence at 2 o'clock, admis- ©
O sion to the theater being l»i* special invitation, each member of San Fran- O
© cisco Lodge No. 3 being entitled to six tickets. ©
o o
0000000000000000000000000000000000
SENT THE BILLS TO
THE COMMANDANT
Marine Neustadt, Deserter, Has a Good
Fling, but May Have to Pay the
Piper Himself.
DOCTOR" or "Gunner" George Neustadt, now in the City Prison, says
he stood on the bridge of the flagship Olympia and morally backed
up T)ewey when that intrepid sailor was battering the Spanish fleet
into Bcrapiron, Whether George Neustadt is a plain, black-coated
M. P., or a rolling, fighting, timber-shivering IT. S. N., the commandant at
Mare' 'island navy-yard would like to get hold of him. As "Dr." Neustadt is
In jail and as "Gunner" Neustadt will soon be at Mare Island, It is prob
able the commandant will capture the prize.
George Neustadt first appeared at the Nevada stables several months
ago as a physician from L<os Angeles, hired a horse and buggy, and. his
name is yet on the stableman's books for $3. He "doctored" a number of
people and extracted much coin from their pockets. In April he enlisted at
the marine rendezvous, 20 Ellis street, and carried a musket around the
navy-yard as a private marine. About a month ago he deserted and re
turned to this city with stories of splendid achievements with Dewey at
Manila. He was the gunner of the Olympia, and to his courage and skill
was due In a great measure the fact that Dewey met the enemy and
gathered them In.
Then began for Gunner Neustadt a day more glorious that "First o'
May" at Cavite. Tt was give and take in the matter of wining and din
ing between himself anil the people who delighted to do him honor. His
word was history, and no one doubted him. He hired fast team? for
land locomotion, and gasoline launches for voyages on the bay, and his
gentlemen and lady friends speeded those bright four weeks through.
When the matter of the Manila prize-money was adjusted the where
withal to pay for this luxury would be here. This he told to some; to
others in a greater burst of confidence he told that the money was al
ready here. He sent a number to tho navy pay office for amounts due.
In a spirit of recklessness or possibly jocularity he sent some of the bills
of his swell expenditures to the commandant at Mare Island, and this is
the reason that old sea-dog desires to get his tarry paws on "Gunner"
Neustadt is 19 years old, a native of Bre-slau, Germany, well educated,
connected with an old noble family, several brothers officers !n the army
of the Empemr of the Germans, and thus equipped was able to take in a
number of society people of this city. Notwithstanding he was garbed in a
private marine's uniform, the gleam of his buttons blinded their eyes,
and they took him in. to be themselves taken in ultimately. He grew weary
guarding the old hulks along the seawall at the navy-yard from the foes
that never came, and deserted. It was in time of war, and the penalty is
five years on the island. But morally his offense is in sending his bills to
the commandant, and when that commandant gets his hands on that "gun
ner"—well—!
ACH AND KANE
QUARREL IN
BACON ALLEY
Officers Decline to
Serve Warrants.
-
STOOD ON TECHNICALITIES
JUDGE CONLAN EXECUTED HIS
OWN ORDERS.
Police Attempt to Balk the Vice
Suppressor in His Efforts to
Close Objectionable
Resorts.
The crusade of the Society for the Sup
pression of Vice against the disreputable
inmates of Bacon place was continued last
night by Secretary Kane, but before any
result in the way of closing the objection
able alley was gained the affair resolved
itself into a bitter bandying of hard
names between Kane and Attorney Ach,
who appears as the legal champion of the
soiled virtue of the district.
Kane made his appearance early the
If into a bitter bandying of hard
r»es between Kane and Attorney Ach,
j appears as the legal champion of the
ed virtue of the district,
ane made his appearance early in the
evening with a coat pocket full of war
rants, all made out for the arrest of Jane
Doe. They were the same warrants that
he had with him on Saturday evening
when he made his round-up, and it was
his intention to rearrest a number of the
women who had been released upon bonds
the previous evening, the same charge be
ing alleged against them all.
An hour or so after Kane's arrival At
torney Ach turned up and he was shortly
followed by Officers Coleman and Clark,
who had been detailed by Chief Lees to
serve the warrants. Kane turned the
warrants over to them and after a cursory
examination they discovered that they
were the same that he had with him on
fre the warrants. Kane turned the
rants over to them and after a cursory
mlnation they discovered that they
c the same that he had with him on
the previous evening and declined to serve
them unless they were made out in the
right name of the parties charged in the
complaint.
Kane waxed • warm, and dramatically
throwing open the door to one . of the
houses pointed to one of the women and
said: "There is Jane Doe. arrest n-ir."
"Nit," said Attorney Ach. "You know.
Kane, that woman's name is not Jane
Doe, for you arrested her last night and
she gave you her right name then. What's
more I warn any man against attempting
to arrest this woman on the warrant that
you have there. It's no good and you
know it, and I'll have you pulled for
battery.'.
"I know this woman's name Is Jane
Doe. and I call upon Officers Coleman iind
Clark to arrest her," yelled Kane, "and
what's more, Ach, don't you try to run
any more of your bluffs on me."
It looked like blood-letting for a time,
but attention wa-s distracted by Officer
Coleman refusing to make any arrests
except upon proper warrants. That made
Kane hot again, and he accused the offi
cers of standing in with Chief Lees, whom
he said was aiding and abetting and in
terested in the syndicate that is a time,
attention was distracted by Officer
nan rffusing to make any arrests
)t upon proper warrants. That made
• hot again, and lie accused the offl
af standing in with Chief Lees, whom
lid was aiding and abetting and In
ted in the syndicate that is fighting
to keep the houses open. This again
brought down the wrath of Ach, and af
ter another wordy war Kane left for the
City Hall to get Judge Conlan to come
out and issue and serve his own war
rants, as on Saturday night,
Judge Conlan finally decided to take no
further ' action until to-day.
■ ♦ .
Buy wailpaper & -window shades at Clark's,
€53 Market. Country order" --ollclted. •
- ,■?-; . ... -. :•■■:■
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, KOYEMBEB 28, 1898.
SEEKS TO HAVE
THE MARITAL
KNOT SEVERED
Al White Brings Suit
for Divorce.
SHE TRAVELED WITH SPORtS
SAYS SHE MET THEM WHILE
SHE WAS IN TENNESSEE.
Ho Furnished a Lodging-House for
Her, but She Sold Out and Left
With a Female Com
panion.
Al "White, the well-known saloon man,
who has been identified with the history of
the water front for many years, is en
deavoring through the courts to secure a
divorce from his wife on a number of
charges, among thqm being desertion and
on account of his wife's ungovernable and
vicious temper. White claims that he has
done everything in his power to make his
wife happy, but that all his good acts are
useless.
The trouble began, White says, when he
decided that be would endeavor to secure
some of the gold in the Klondike country.
He left for that region several months
ago, but before starting he left a sum of
money in the hands of a reputable mer
chant, who was to pay it to Mrs. White
in monthly installments. The moment
White had gone north, he claims, his
spouse decided that she would take ft trip
to Tennessee. She soon formed an ex
tensive list of acquaintances, but White
claims she did not travel in the right set,
in fact he says she began to tra\el with a
gang of sports.
From Tennessee she journeyed to Chica
go, with sports and race horse people for
companions, and from there over the bor
der to Toronto. At the last place she be
came financially embarrassed. She then
found out that her friends were not of the
right kind. She decided to return to San
Francisco and sent some very .touching
telegrams to her husband for money. He
sent her the money, he states, and on her
return to San Francisco furnished for her
a lodging house next door to his saloon on
Hush street. But the life was too slow
for her and she sold out the place and is
at present living on Stockton street with a
female companion.
White claims his wife secured possession
of a number of pieces of jewelry that had
been presented to him by admiring sea
faring friends, which he prizes most high
ly-
You will find the latest things In wall
paper at Clark's. 653 Market street. •
HANDBALL TOURNAMENT.
Second Sunday's Contest of the Ariels
and Olympics at Ryan's Court.
Yesterday Phil Ryan's court at RSS How
ard street was crowded to its fullest ca
pacity by the lovers of handball, who
came early to see the second day's contest
between the Ariels and Olympics. The
play of these two well-matched teams was
spirited from start to finish. The Ariels
proved the better team, although the
Olympics played a good game, especially
Sheehan. who has a particular knack of
kiliing balls when least expected by his
opponents. A continuation of the game
will take place at the same place next
Sunday afternoon.
The scores of the matches ore given be
low:
FirFt (tame: Dr. W. H. Sieberst and P. J
Shechan (Olympic) defeated Colonel J. R. Bdck
man and E. McDonouKh (Ariel*^. Score
21—20, 18—21. ."I— S.
Second Rame in the same series:
■1... Waterman and W. 11. Kedian (Olympic)
defeated Colonel J. R. -Bookman and S. V Cos
tello (Ariels). Score, two straight games
21—13, 21-!<.
.1. -Condon and T. Leach defeated P. Ryan
and M. Basch. Score: 21—9, 11-21, 21—14.
T. Leach and J. Hogan defeated A. Mclner
ney and J. Condon. Score: 21—9. 19—21, 21—13.
J. Condon and A. Mclnernoy defeated T.
Leach and J. Hogan. Score: 21— IS, 13— 2l|
21—16.
D. O'Brien and G. Llndauer defeated M. Mc-
Neil and L. Carraine. Score: 21—10. 14—21
21— 17. - . "• •'•■ (
P. Hutchlnßon and J>% Pillon defeated P.
Kelly ar.fi G. Hutchlnson. Score: 21—13,
17—21. 21—19.
French irame-M. Pr*dere and J. Dufur de
feated P. Iribarne and.J. Etchebervl. . Score:
100 to 60 aces.
J. Rlordan' and J. Harlow ■ defeated J. C.
N»alon and M. * Kilßallon. Score: 21—15,
13—21. 21—20. . " -^i.
HUMORED DEATH OF GOMEZ.
Cuban Circles Discredit the Report
of the General's Demise.
HAVANA. Nov. 27.— There is a report in.
circulation here this evening that word
has been received of the death of General
Maximo <~somez on Friday night, but it Is
not credited in Cuban circles.
DONLIN GIVES
THE OAKLANDS
A NEEDED LIFT
Handed Out Eight
Ripe Tallies.
THREE INNINGS WAS ENOUGH
SANTA CRUZ DROPPED ONE OF
THE POOREST OF GAMES.
Its Latest Acquisition in the Deliv
ery Department Not Whac Is
Usually Termed aa. Un
qualified Success.
By Joe Corbet t.
Mr. Donlin, the late acquisition of the
Sand Crabs, essayed to pitch yesterday's
game for that organization against the
Oaklands and received such a warm re
ception that the management was com
pelled to replace him. This change oc
curred in the third inning, after the game
was irretrievably lost. Whether Donlin
was out of practice or had an off day
the fact remains that he gave, for the
short time he twirled, the poorest exhibi
tion of pitching ever seen at Recreation
Park.
In three innings he was directly respon
sible for eipht runs, while in the same
length of time fifteen runs had crossed
the plate. He gave seven bases on balls,
w;is hit safely six times, the hits com
prising three two-baggers, one three
bagger and two singles. Goodness knows
what else he might have done had not
the management called a halt on him and
put Whalen in his place.
The game, however, at this stage, had
lost all semblance of baseball, as the
team played simply because they had to
finish the nine innings. The crowd, which
was quite large for such poor weather,
remained hoping in vain that the Sand
Crabs would rally and stir tip some in
terest. Disgusted toward the end they
made their way homeward and were just
as well off. f"r those who did remain the
entire nine innings saw nothing worthy
of mention.
The game does not need description, for
the score tells the awful tale only too
well. Then again the contest was such
a mixed up affair that the less said about
It the better. The score follows:
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams. P. * 4 0 10 2 2 2
Donlln. p. &c. 1.. 3 0 2 0 2 0 0
Deveraux. 3 b 3 0 0 0 12 2
Strelh. 1. f 5 0 0 0 4 0 1
Arrelanes. 2 b 5 0 1 0 4 4 0
Selna. 1 b 2 2 10 7 0 0
Burge r. f 4 12 0 10 0
C Diuihenbln. c 4 0 2 13 2
FltziforaM. <■. f 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Whalen, p 3 0 0 J) 0 J J)
Totals 33 3 9 1 25 11 6
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, c. t 5 2 1 1 6 0 0
Irwln. 2 b 4 2 10 3 3 0
Hardie, r. f 4 2 113 0 0
O-Nell. I- 1 2 110 2 0 0
Lanff*. 3 b 5 10 0 4 2 1
Sullivan, c 4 2 10 13 1
Srhmeer. s. s 2 2 10 110
BIIP9, 1 b 4 110 6 0.0
Moeklman, p 4 2 2 110 1
Totals 34 15 9 3 27 8 3
FUNS BY INNINOS.
Santa Cruz 0 00100020—3
Base hits 0 0121013 1-9
Oakland 0 7 8 0 0 0 0 0 »-15
Base hits 0 2 4 0 1 2 0 0 •— 9
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Mosklman 3. Donlin 8.
Three-base hit O'Nell. Two-liase hits—Dono
van, Irwln, Schmeer. Arrplanen. Donlin, Sel
na Burge. Bas=e on error* -Santa Cruz 2. Oak
land 4. Bases on baUr,— Santa Cruz 7. Oakland
in. I>eft on bases-Santa Cmz 11. Oakland ft.
Smirk out— By Donlln 2, by Whalen 2. Hit hy
pitrher— Sf lna. Irwin. Double plays— Sullivan
to Irwln to L.an*Cf>: I>an<je alone; Williams to
ArrHanes to Selna 2. Passr.l ball— Daubenbis.
Wild pitches— Donlin 2. Time of same — One
hour and 45 minutes. Umpire— McDonald.
Official scorer— J. W. Stapleton.
Lifeless Game at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 27.— The last
league game of the season in this rlty
wafl played between the Oilt Edges and
San Franciscos at Snnwflake Park to-day,
and resulted in the defeat of the locals
by a score of 8 to 6. The game through
out was listless, and aside from the ut
most miraculous capture of two foul files,
one by Hammond, the other by Rrockoff,
was featureless. Doyle and Shea were
both effective, but neither was given
championship support. Score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mr-Hale. 1 b 4 110 8 0 2
pppplPjt, 3b 3 0 0 0 0 1 0
Doyle p 4 0 0 0 0 3 0
Sta'nlpy, c 4 12 0 9 10
I,nokhead. s. s 3 0 1 0 2 3 1
\Valkf»r. o. f 4 0 0 0 2 1 0
ppnnle. 2 b 3 12 0 2 12
Borland. I. t 4 110 10 0
Sheehan. r. f 3 2 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 32 6 7 0 24 10 5
SAN FRANC'ISro.
AH. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Smith. 2 b 4 110 4 10
Km*?, s. s 5 2 3 0 0 12
Murphy, lb 4 0 1 0 9 0 1
Hammond, c 4 0 2 0 2 0 1
Hrorkoff. 3 b 3 1 0 0 3 2 1
Croll !. f ♦ 1 1 0 4 1 0
Dunleavy, c. t 4 0 0 0 6 0 0
Stroeker, r. f 2 2 1 1 0 0 0
Shea, p * 1 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 34 8 9 1 27 8 5
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Saoramento 0 1 2 0 0 3 0 0 o—6
Base hits 0 2 10 0 3 10 o—7
San Francisco 1 0 0 0 3 0 2 2 *-8
Bas« hits 2 1 1 0 2 0 2 1 •— 9
SUMMARY.
Runs re«ponslWe for— Doyle 3, Shpa 4. Two
bapp hltß— KniK 2. L»->rkhea<l. Sacrifice hits—
Ivorkhwd. Walker, Peeples. Base on errors-
Sacramento 2. San Francisco 2. Bases on balls
—Oft Doyle 4. Shea 6. L#ft on bases—Sacra
mento 6, San Francisco 6. Struck out— By
Doyle 6. Double play— Lockhead to Stanley to
Dennle. Passed ball— Stanley. Wild pitch—
Sliea. Time— l:4"). Umpire— O"Connell. Offi
cial scorpi^-Q. A. Griffin.
LEAGUE BABIES WIN.
Watsonville Take? an Easy Game
From the Athletics.
WATSONVII.LE. Nov. 27.— T0-day's
game of baseball drew a large attendance,
this being the last league game to be
played at Porte's Park for the season.
The Athletics of San Francisco and the
Babies of Watnonville contended for the
honors, the score standing 9 to 3 -in favor
of Watsonvllle. Balsz and Hartman
formed the battery for the home team
and Fltzjnatrlck and Lohman for the Ath
letics. The most noted feature of the
game was a three-bagger made by Mertes
of Chicago. Chance played on first.
DEATHS AMONG THE
TROOPS AT MANILA
General Otis' Report Shows That Dis-
ease Claims More Victims in
American Forces.
WASHIXGTON. Nov. 27.— The follow
ing report of deaths among the American
forces at Manila was received from Gen
eral Otis by the War Department:
MANILA, Nov. 27.— Adjutant General, Wash
ington: Followlns deaths since last report:
November 21, Frank M. Harden, private. Com
pany X, First North Dakota, dysentery; Ole
T Lakken, private, Company X, First North
Dakota, typhoid. November 22. Clyde Per
kins, private, Company X, Second Oregon,
smallpox; Walter Downing, private, Company
L. First Colorado, dysentery. November 23,
Chares ATcKinnon, private. Company F. Sec
oml Orfgon, smallpox. November 25, Robert
Davidson, private. Company O, Fourteenth
United States Infantry, malarial fever; James
M. Clark, private. Company X, First South
Dakota, dysentery OTIS.
A NEW HOME
MISSIONARY
"BATTLESHIP"
Steel Launch Chris
tian Endeavor.
RELIGIOUS SERVICES AFLOAT
DEDICATED TO HER WORK
WITH PRAYER AND SONG.
Chinaman Ah Ting Imitates the De
spairing Caucasian and At
tempts Suicide From the
Ferry-Boat.
The "Christian Endeavor" Is the name
of the pretty little steamer that -will
henceforth ply in the missionary cause
on the waters of this bay. For a long time
Golden Gate Branch of the Christian En
deavor Society in this city has earnestly
desired to own and operate a craft around
the harbor and on the adjacent waters.
No suitable vessel being found for sale. It
was determined to build one. The result
Is a beautiful new boat, propelled by a
twenty horse-power gasoline engine, cost
ing $2100. Her steel hull is 32 feet long,
with 9 feet beam. She is put together in
the strongest manner and richly furnished
Yesferdav the vespel was dedicated at
Meiggs wharf by the Golden Gate Branch
of the Christian Endeavor Society. After
the singing of several appropriate hymns
by a choir, President John Allen told of
the future of the new steamer. She was a
battleship, he said, not a battleship with
great steel turrets and death-dealing can
non of carnal warfare, but one destined to
carry the gospel of peace to whoso would
receive it. The mission of the Christian
Endeavor would be to board ships in the
bay where divine services would be held.
In this way many seafaring men would bo
enabled to avail themselves of religious
instruction, right at home on their own
decks. Addresses were made by Dr. Kig
den and Rolla V. Watt.
The ever-imitating and übiquitous Chi
naman has passed one more milestone in
his progress through civilization. Not con
tent with crowding all pathways that
lead to a livelihood, he is pressing to the
dreary end of the suicide. Ah Ting, with
mind diseased from poppy juice or fan-tan
table losses, went overboard from the
ferry steamer Piedmont at 4 o'clock yes
terday afternoon. He was seen to walk
nut in the forward end of the boat and,
pulling off his hat, proceeded to "do" his
back nair up in a neat coil around the
crest of his head. Then he went to the
rail and clumsily rolled over it into the
bay. When Ting struck the water its
chilling touch wrought an instant change
in his heart, and he yelled loudly for help.
He had hardly disapeared over the boat
guards when the steamer was stopped and
a boat lowered. Ting's now good inten
tions helped him swim a little, or rather
flounder on the surface till he was picked
up. his stomach distended with the salt
water he had swallowed in his yelling,
and very wet and very cold. At the
Branch Receiving Hospital he was cov
ered with blankets and left to get warm.
"Secret Service" To-Nignt.
To-night "Secret Service" will be plven
at the California Theater. The new equip
ment is said to equal if not surpass the
old, and for one week lovers of a high
class romantic production will have an
opportunity of seeing Gillette's celebrated
war play.
ADVFJITISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
We have imported a larger and more
attractive line of Xmas tree decorations,
bon-bons and favors this year than ever
beforr . Inspect our brilliant display.
SPXSOXAX*
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
nDicuTii ) A blen(l of the finest
ORIENTAL f coffee obtainable.
Coffee 30c Ib. I Roasted or g rou nil;
1 usually 35c. a pound.
Xmas Tree Ornaments
\ " New Era " brand.
„, - _, . I Only the best brand.
Only the best cream
Baking Powder - tartar and soda used.
30c alb. tin ( Our own make. None
/ better. Regular 40c.
Imported and Key West Cigars.
CATSUP } Out bottling-pnrity
ISc i hof tlf I guaranteed. Regular-
i&c a i>otue yiy 20c. bottle.
Bon-bons and dinner favors.
ALT WHISKEY? "Acme."apuremedV
V*r RnttU ( cinal whisky. Regu-
75C BOttle I|lrly iS6c . - ttle
Novelties in our Household Department.
\ German rock candy
ROCK & RYE / »nd pure rye whioky.
r» „. ««. > Good for coughs and
Bottle 85C. \ cold*. Rceularlyf 1.00
J bottle.
Perfumery— No advance in price on account of
War Tax. . -;•"■.:.,
COAL HODS ) Extra heavy gaWan-
G»h. Ires, 15 inch 20c. 1 ized iron, regularly
Galv. Itcb, 18 " 30:. > 30c. and 4<>c.
J»piaa«4, 15 " 20:. 1 Japanned.striped, reg-
" 16 "23^ ) ularly 30c. and 35c.
Our Champagne', Prices—quarts, cases $12.40;
: -:■ ■;, .; > pints, $34.i0
OAS HEATERS
10 minute*. room in VBMn^^^^xS^
fixtH^ ■ t ° tt "" BE *
Regularly 90c. each. % "^ir W!l
New Importation of Nuernberger Lebkuehen
\ Sunset brand— pro-
COCKTAILS / dncod by experienced
D*r d.vi. 7B- > Sunset • brand— pro-
dnced by experienced
blendors. Ready for
Per Bottle 75c ( home use. Usually
) $1.00
CIUUI PiflOrC y resh importations now arriv-
■UUU UiyaiO. ing. Xone better-ai.d prices
are right. ;;;•.; ' >'.;■ ■''■?
CO page catalogue to elp you select goods—
mailed free. -
i^^ 1 "^^ "• EYERS
iIH n^^^A, Specialists for Men
al?' % '^!^Z<sy vilfC^ TlirM ph J'fcians have bren
\* B!» trwrted ailment! nlm-e 1881.
xl ('ra VV'4k#^l '^ he 5 r baTe the lurxest and
¥3^» if ItW^tel A <tit " tlon - an(l lh ' uiMt ,» x-
ISTABLISHCD 17 YEANS. _ Al '5 J *"REE
•. . * - Th«ra*u»d« cured at home.
All Irtt«n cnnfldpntial. No Charge for Consultation .
731 BiJ?FBAIciBCO ) Elevator Entrance;
\^W.»J% ADVEBTISJEMEaTTa.
t ' . ■• . .•.•■•■
CITY OF jH| PARIS
DRY GOODS CO.,
129-141 Geary St., 128-138 Stockton St., Union Square,
SAN FRANCISCO.
ft
•.
ANNOUNCE....
HOLIDAY OPENING
....OF THE—
Decorative Art Department
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28. 1898.
*&S Sutphen . >r
has a finely illustrated article on
"The tfl^|f»»
Praise of \JOIT
In the Superb Dec. (Christmas) Number of
Frank Leslie's
Popular Monthly
lOcts.; $1 Year.
IEAUTIFUL COVER In Colors by W. GRANVILLE SMITH.
Other Features— Richly Illustrated :
fh» Sinoklnsr Cnr, a Farce, by W. D. Hovtells.
Kmprr-HB of Austria's Homo, by Jons P. BOCOCK.
ruinin Bjfconpi). by 3lrs. Krasic Leslie.
*prll nioom, (Serial) by F.gerton Castle.
(mill nivem, by M:nna Irving.
(Voinen Journalists, by Ctntiiia. W. ALT>r.K.
Spnee Telcgrmphy, by Arthur V. Abbott, C. E.
BPKCIAI^-For Jl.all tbe numbers of 1890: the Nov.
Mid Dec. issues of 1893; ami Art Plate, in ten colors,
•A Yard of I'ansies "or "A Yard of Puppies." For 25
HB., a three-months' trial subscription (Dec., Jan. and
Feb.) together with either art plate.
: 4 .- Frank Leslie Publishing: House, N.Y.
Copies Sold and Subscriptions Received by SeicsdeaXert.
Beware of Imitations
m*^^ T/ie ,
*** Mi(orcestertfurG(fs
JOHN rJOSC/N'B »ON&, AaiMTJ, NEW YORK.
DR. MCNULTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD I
jL SpecinlistcurM Private, Nervoi:3,an<l Blood Uis- I
eases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and j
Weaknesses of M en.free. Over "0 y 'rs* experience. |
Patients cured a i Home. Terms rea^f>nablt>. HoursD I
to3dally;6:3otoB:3oev'gB. Sundavs,lotol2. Consul-
tation free and sacredly conUdentluL Call.or oUdrtes
P. ROSCOE McNULTY, M.D.,
26- Kearny St.. San Frantfisco. Cal.
I
AMUSEHENIS.
Yesterday 11,353 People Saw
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERT AFTERXOOX AND EVENING.
"CONGO." the Gorilla Man.
"JOE STORMS JR.," Orang-Outang.
"SALLY." Chimpanzee.
AND WERE AMAZED.
GREAT BILL in the FREE THEATER.
LOLA ASHUY. Equilibrist: CLAIRE FEX
and JACK ROBINSON, the Dainty Duo;
REYNARD, the Great Ventriloquist; CON-
CHITA. California's Favorite; A. L. RHORER.
with his Anlmatopcopic Descriptive Songs, and
a Splendid Vaud-\ I'rripramme.
AMATEUR NIGHT, Every THURSDAY.
10c, including Zoo and Theater; Children, sc.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA HOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting 1898-99, beginning MONDAY,
Nov. 2S. to SATURDAY. Dec. 10. Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine. , ■
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start at 2:15 p. m.. Sharp.
Ferryboats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and I
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m. connecting \
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
Track. Buy your ferry tickets' to Shell Mound.
Returning— leave the Track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after last race.
THOS. H. WILLIAMS .'R.. President.
R.B. MILROY. Secretary. ■
CONCERTS AUTD RESCRTS*.
SUTRO~iJATHSr~^
Open Daily from I A. M. to O P.. M.
Bathing from 7 A. M. toSP.M.
ADMISSION lO= - - - - CHILDREN 3j
. Bathing, with admission, 25c; children, 20c. ,
COLUMBLA/THEATER.
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT. '. -. "• ;
Engagement Extraordinary, : * ";.
KOSTER & BIAL'6 V
Huge Farcical Extravaganza. • ' ". ■I "
GAYEST
MANHATTAN.
Management of JOHN F. HARLEY. '
ARTISTS— ALL STAR CAST— ARTISTB—
40-BEWITCHINGLY, BEWILDERING '
PRETTY GIRLS— 4O. ". : "•
Brand new Music, Songs, Dances, Costume*.
Effects, Scenery and Specialties. . . " •. '
CALIFORNIA_THEATER.
OPENING TO-NIGHT.
ONE WEEK ONLY.
Mr. Charles . Frohman Presents . ' '
■ . A COMPLETE PRODUCTION '. " ' "
Secret
Service
With WILLIAM GILLETTE
AND HIS SPLENDID COMPANY.
New Equipment of SCENERY. COSTUMES,
EFFECTS. _
COMEDY THEATER.
Formerly the Popular Bush. ■'•-'
LAST WEEK! ' LAST WEEK!
Of the Great Success. '• , •: ;• ■ •-• . :'*
•rmmmmmmmwmmmmmmmtmmmmmammmmammmmmmmmmmim ■
AT POPULAR PRICES.
EVENINQS ]....25c to 50c .
MATINEES Wed. and Sat.. 2sc to 60c ' ■
CYRANO DE BERGERAC
EIGHTY PEOPLE ON STAGE. • '
SUPERB SCENES AND ACCESSORIES. '
r.Y THE HENDERSON COMPANY.
Seats on sale at box office and at Emporium.
Next Monday— "OLE OLSON."
HARRY ATKINSON,
Imitator Musical Instruments. - " • •
JOE FLYININ, :; '•"
Comedian and Monologuist. t ■ :..?•.
E.lV\lV\f\ CARUS, • • ."
World-Famous Barytone. ■ • '". "
LILLIE WESTERN, Premtere ' Musical
Artiste WILSON FAMILY. Great Coon Com-
edy Hit: MAUDE COURTNEY, in Old-Tlm»
Songs: HARRY LACY AND COMPANY, lit.
- Xrw Act. "One of the Old Guard"; HER-
i BERT'S WONDERFUL DOGS,- Last We«k of.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c: Oper* .
| Chairs and Box Seats, 50c. . ' .
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
TTb MirHT A N D DURINQ ' ... '■ il
t 1 U-nUjfl 1 ENTIRE WEEK.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY. •
ROLAND REED'^
Satirical Comedy, • . •
THE
POLITICIAN
- By Daniel D. Lloyd and Sydney Rosenfel4. '
PRica D A : 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
Seats by Phone Main 254.
MOROSCO'S GRANDS
V altir Jlorosco, Sole Lessee and H*nace&
TO-NIGHT— All This Week— TO-NIGHT!
A Big Production of a Great Naval Draram.
THE COMMODORE!
An Exciting Story of Our Late War With
■ Spain. --V;;;
EVENING PRICES— IOc, 25c and 50c.
MATSNEE PRICES— lEo arid 25e.
- P.'ats on sale at box-office and main floor «<
the Emporium. ' ' '.'"•./',...
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Tel. Green 861. "'
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor and Utr.
THIS EVENING AT 7:50. SHARP.
Superb Scenic Production of Edmond Rostand*
Romantic Play, - \ : v>
CYRANO de BERGERAG
WITH APPROPRIATE MUSIC.
Splendid Cast. Enlarged Orchestra. Appro-
priate Accessories.
Scenery, Costumes and Properties From tb*
Original Models of • the . French ■ Artists.'
The Mob Scenea Perfectly Presented.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT P. M. .
Popular Prices .250 and SOa
A Reserved Seat for the Matinee .....,..,3i«
Pur Telephone, Boib I. ■• _u_—
56
ADVERTISEMENTS. ___.^-~
SffISIEH«HBHBBBHIBBSHHHSHBI|
|iy_ !amii Am j_ -* $0
■ pfJs ■
§?£ ** Gimme my ' Seal/ Jim, quick ; can't stop this trip." |
I One will go a long way out of the |
I way to get _ 1
1 Seal of North Carolina |
| smoking tobacco* The old settlers ||
| and ranchmen know its good points I
i and that nothing has ever been made |
I that makes a better smoke* n
I"T"he Original Plug cut— i
g I Always the same— |
k Mild and Cool. j|
NEWS OF THE MINES.
The seventh annual convention of the t
California Miners' Association convi
on Monday of last week and adjourned
on Tuesday. As is generally known '
through the reports of the daily press, a
number of resolutions concerning pending ;
legislation of importance were adopted i
and reports of some importance were ;
read. The perfeci harmony which has j
characterized the association since its or- i
ganization was preserved, when slightly
threatened, by ectlng again the only
pr< sldent the association has ever had.
Hon. Jacob H. Neff.
But one new thing of importance was
brought ; u.p during the convention. That
wa.s the question of the need of impound
ing in servoirs generally throughout j
the State the wat< which flood the ;
many . in tain streams in the spring and j
leave the stream beds and valleys and
sometimes the present irrigating ditches, [
miner's Humes and electric power plants j
in vratery poverty in the fall This •
idea- .was- vaguely expressed in a i
resr.lu.rion whi< was not specific- |
ally- referred to any committee, but }
it 'is 'a new thing in the industrial j
economics of fornia and it is of j
transcendent Importance. It is not a Ben- :
sational matter for the newspapers: it j
wfil attract attention but slowly and if >
any practical results are reached it will ;
be years in the future. But it Is a part
of the recbrd of this miners' convention
that this hew and broad idea of impound
ing for. power and irrigation purposes the
mountain waters of the State was first ;
then- set forth. Any one who in even a
small degree comprehends the waste and
the. possibilties of the waters of the
western' slope of the Sierra .Nevada range
will recognize in this brief suggestion a
tremendous potentiality of the future
and. probably, the futility of saying much
about it now. It may be observed that
this may be counted as one of the com
jjensati'ng lessons of the drought. It is
well to be cheerful under all circum
stances.
No one can forecast much about the
next- year's future of the association from
the convention. It dealt wisely, quietly
and well with those old and very Impor
tant matters of the mineral lands bill, the
need of a Secretary of Mines and Mining,
etc., and left the affairs of the organi
zation, as far as active progress may be
concerned, with the executive committee.
•The chief thing of home interest, apart
from what the association may recom
mend and -do by the gentle impact of its
influence on the California delegation,
concerns' what the secretary's office may
or may not amount to as the organ
thro-ugh which the association may do
many things for the advancement of the
minihg industry in the State. It had been
suggested before the convention convened
by 1-eading mining men that the associa
tion should broaden Itself and energize it
eelf and take in all the highly varied min
ing interests of the State and become an
initial force for their advertising and
awtikening. All .this was left among the
rest of the executive business of the asso
ciation to the executive committee, but
theri does not appear much promise that
the association Will this year hustl itself
to boom the mining industry beyond urg
ing the highly "important legislation that
has been on the books for some time. But
the association will come to the front
some day, like those reservoirs of which
it vaguely and favorably appoke.
After the adjournment of the conven
tion President Neff appointed the follow
ing i ommlttees for the ensuing year:
Executive committee —W. "W. Montairue
(chairman), San Francisco; A. Camlnettl, Ama
dor: .1. M. WttilliiK, Nevada; Thomas Meln.
S. B. Christy, Alam«>da; John H. Wright, Sun
Francisco; Harold T. Power, I'lacer; Dan T.
Cole, Sierra; Lewis T. Wright. Shasta; Joseph
Klo?s, John Bermlngham, C. W. Cross, George
Stone, Julian Sonatas, W. B. Keyes. E. a.
Belcher. Andrew Carrlpan, Kdward Coleman,
Curtis II Lindley, Charles (i. Yale. Lewis F.
' Uying-ton, San Francisco.
inty ' Executive Committee — Alameda
County, Frm.k A. Leach, I'Vllx Chappellet;
Amador, J.. F. Parks. E. C. Voorbels; Uutte.
A IDkman,' W. P. Hammon; Calaveras, W. L.
Honnold. David McClure; El Dorado. A. H.
T<!i Broeok, H. E. Picket; Nevada, B. S. Rec
tor, James Mcßride; Placer, T. J. Nichols.
Amos Stevens; Santa. Clara, Charles C. Derby,
U K. Bulmoro; San Francisco, J. F. Hallo
ran. S. Mooney; Sierra. Frank R. Weihe. J. O.
Jorres: Shasta, M. E. Dlttmar. J. M. Gleaveg;
Biskiyou, H. H. Hunter, Andrew G. Myers;
Tuolumne', .1. G. Hopper, W. C. Long; Trinity,
John McMurray, P. J'aulsen; l'uba., Joseph
Durfee. James O'Brien.
Committee JOB mineral lands— A. IT. Rlcketta
(chairman), Alameda; Qeoxve C. Sargent, San
Francisco; H. .T. Power, Placer: A. H. Ten
Broeck, El Dorado; W. C. Italston, San Fran
clsco. • '■•.'■■
Committee' on mineral exhibit Paris Exposi
tion— H. N Shoecraft (chairman), Nevada; A.
Ekman, putte; A. B. Paul, Shasta: A. S.
Cooper, San Francisco; Fred Leitler, Nevada;
B. T. Prloe, Kern; Andrew G. Myers. Slski
you.
Committee on dams — A. Caminettl (chairman),
Ainador; George C. Sargent, San Francisco;
John Spaultlinjr, Nevada; J. M. Gleaves,
Shasta: R. M. Green. Butte: J. L. Meyers,
Fred Searls, J. B. Mcßride, N>vaila; Thomas
Clarke, J. F. Cowdery, El Dorado; Mark B.
Kerr, A. C. Hlnkson, Caiaveras; .7. O.
Batcher, Sacramento: James O'Brien, Tuba.
Committee on <l"partmpnt of mines and mm
Tlrey L. Ford (chairman), Charles G.
Yale, W. C. Ralston, J. F. Halloran, W. 8.
Keyea, San Francisco.
Committee on lPKlslatlon — F. Davis
/chairman), Amador; Curtis 11. Lindley, San
Francisco; W. F. Prlsk, W. B. Lardner, A. M.
.McDonald, Tunlumne; E. C. Voorhels. Amador;
E. W. Chapman, El Dorado; C. W. Cross, San
: Francisco; A. S. Raw, El Dorado; F. J. Solln
eky. Calaveras.
Committee on finance — Andrew Carrigan
(chairman), Joseph Sloss, "Willis G. Dodd, San
Francisco.
. Coaimittee on Jetties and dredglnf— John M.
Wright (chairman). Fan Francisco: John F. j
right, Nevada; Thomas J. Barbour, I. j
■■■, it. T. Lacey, San Francisco.
Southern Oregon Is now becoming a
favorite field for California mining' nvn
and mining Investors, who do not know
enough to see that polden opportuni
ties sure plentiful in California. Within-;
the past year quite a number of Califor
nians have been drawn to the promising
region of Southern Oregon, where weath-r, ;
wood and water art- plenty and where ;
placer properties at least seem inviting, i
i There is a great mining stir in Southern j
Oregon.
One of the most recent and important '
invf stments of San Francisco capital in .
- luthern ()r.-K":i Held la that of the
jump Off Joe Gold Mining Company,
u):i. h is . omposi d of Dr. J. 11. V.' >bas
(president), Lra Borick, ex-Unites} States ]
Marshal J. C. Franks, ex-Assistant Treas
urer Campbell I. Berry and others. These
men have bought II 1""'1 ""' acres on tin- cre< k
which Kives the company its name, and
ure putting many thousands of dollars into !
the development of ditches and other
features of a large hydraulic mining
property, which the company expects :<>
work with profit t'"r many years.
Many thousands of dollars of California!
ll— especially from Southern
fornia— are going into mining properties
in Arizona, Mexico and Lower California.
The Anti-Debris Association at a recent
meeting at Sacramento received a report
from Manager Phipps to the effect that j
some of the individual restraining dams <
behind which certain hydraulic miners are
operating under license by the California
Debris Commission, were not properly
n-st raining the mud and sand supposed
to be confined behind them. However this
may be. the said dams have been for
mally accepted by three Federal entd
neers, after inspection, and if the darns
arc not properly fulfilling their function
the Government engineers, within whose
soje province the regulation of such dams
lies, would undoubtedly be quick to r
the repair or reconstruction of the damn,
or the cessation of hydraulic mining be
' hind them. The Government engineers
who have in charge all the Government
! engineering work on the Pacific Coast be
sides the hydraulic mining in the Sacra
mento watershed, have not yet been ac
cused of partiality to any interest, and
may be relied upon to carry out the Cam
lnetti law in its spirit as well as its let
: ter. In this connection it may be noted
i that Herbert Vischer, the assistant en
gineer who devoted the past summer to
Investigating the foundations, etc., for
the proposed restraining dam at The
Narrows above Marysville, is now in the
mountains making a tour of inspection
of the dams erected by permission of the
commission and the sites proposed for
future ones.
The Argonaut mine, Amador County,
lias paid (180,000 in dividends to date and
has money in the treasury.
The Kennedy mine is working by using
st>am for hoisting.
Patrick Reddy of San Francisco has
bought the N. S. Thompson mine at Dar
win. Inyo County, for $5000. The property
is between the Defiance and the Independ
i ence mines, both of which belong to Mr.
! Iteddy.
At Poker Bar the construction of the
Postlethwaite dredger, costing upward of
$40,000, has been in successful operation..
It requires but two men to look after cv
i cry detail of its work, and the amount of
| deposit it handles in a day is large. Four
I miles of the stream are controlled. As a
1 result of this company's venture the pos
sibilities of Trinity River on this score
have attracted attention, and two other
| companies, it is said, are investigating
along these lines.— Trinity Journal.
The Comet mine on the Greenhorn has
been sold by the owners. W. \V. Stock
ton and T. J. Murray, to San Francisco
parties for $3000 cash. The new proprie
tors will erect a mill and push the work
of extracting ore.— Bakersrieid Califor-
I nian.
Several weeks ago a large body of very
rich ore was struck in the Talc mini at
the bottom of a fqrty-foot shaft. 50u feet
in at the 350-foot level. Since then an
other shaft has been sunk sixty feet near
i er the mouth of the drift to a depth of
1 twenty feet where on Monday last a two
! foot lead of very rich rock was struck.
1 This is no doubt the same body of ore
whi^h was recently discovered, and it
goes to Khow that there is a large amount
of this rock in the mine. How much can
only be told by sinking deeper and run
ning drifts under it. — Kern County Echo.
Revised figures place the output of Ari
zona's copper mines during 1K!)7 at 81.019,
i 922 pounds, divided as follows: United
Verde, 31,X55,025: Copper Queen. 23,999,57:j;
Arizona. 13,727,912; Detroit. 8,440,138: Old
Dominion (estimated), 2.000,000; United
'■■ Globe, 1.241,975; other mines (estimated),
i 200,000 pounds. The output of the same In
■ 1896 was reported at 73,746,321 pounds,
1 showing an increase of about 10 per cent
for 1897 over 1896.— L0s Angeles Mining
Review.
The production of copper for the month
of October was as follows: United States
mines, 21.129 tons of 2240 pounds; produc
tion of foreign mines. 7332 tons; exports
from the United States, 10.S10 tons, in
cluding about 750 tons of Mexican cop
per.
The Portland Mining Company of Colo
rado is about to set an example that will
doubtless br> followed in many instances
and will create a new industry in con
nection with the mines of the country.
It proposes to fit out its main shaft with
steel, the supports and sets to be of that
material, with timber for lagging-. .
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1898.
FREEDOM OR
DEATH, SAYS
AGUINALDO
This the Sentiment of
Filipinos.
INSIST UPON INDEPENDENCE
DICTATOR DECLARES THEY WILL
FIGHT TO THE END.
Call Correspondent Gives Genera]
Otis the First News of a Con
centration of Natives Near
Manila,
BY SOL N. SHERIDAN.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
MANILA, Oct. 21.— Aguinaldo hns
made to a representative of General |
Otis an official statement of th« posi
tion of himself and of the MaJolos
Government. For obvious reasons I j
am not pc rmitted to cable this state- i
ment. I am permitted to write for the I
same reason, possibly, that the Spanish
newspapers here are allowed to say
whatever they please, good, bad or in
different, about the Americans and the j
American Government. General Otis I
and his press censor argue that the j
papers will be so long reaching civiliza
tion that it dues not matter a great
deal what they say. A letter to the j
American press has the distinct ad
vantage, for the Americans, that it may
lead to some inquiry as to methods and
to future reform. Thus we all work to
gether for the good of posterity.
Mr. Aguinaldo, President and Dicta
tor, consented to make a statement
i when he learned that the gentleman
who came to him bore credentials from
; Otis. The conversation lasted two
hours, and was largely in the nature of
I a fencing match. The Tagallo leader,
although he was once a butler, is also
a diplomatist of no mean order, and he
has some shrewd advisers, if they do
j not car • a great deal about how they
i attain their- ends. Also, he is a liar —
which fact dues not lessen the value of
his statement officially, nor is the state
; ment of it superfluous in view of what
has gone before. A man may be a
diplomat and tell the truth by the im
plication of silence, although 1 admit
that the talent is rare.
Aguinaldo began by fencing. H
filially said, in effect, what he has sai
to me more than once before — that h
is in favor of the independence of th
Filipino Republic, with an America
protectorate.
"I realize," said the dictator, "al
though my people do not, that the
Filipinos cannot stand alone. There arc
two parties in the state, about equally
divided. The first, and I believe the
.stronger party, wants the Americans to
guarantee the independence of the
Philippines, leaving us to work out uur
destiny, as Cuba will, under the pro
tection of the Stars and Stripes. 1 am
myself of this party. The other party,
almost equally Strong, is for independ
ence complete, with no foreign inter
vention of any kind whatever. Th
Americans have beaten the Spaniarc
and their work is done here, says th
party. Now, let them go home and le
us alone. We can care for ourselves
We have fought for independence, am
won it. We will have it or we wi
die."
"And are they not," General Otis'
representative asked, "afraid of the
meddling of some of the great powers,
that the land hunger of Europe will
lead to the downfall of their republic?"
"The great powers," Aguinaldo re
plied, "have seen by our action in the
past four months that we can take care
of ourselves. None of them will inter
fere — oi\ if one does, some other great
and merciful power— England, perhaps,
or Japan, or even the United States—
will come to our rescue. If no power
saves us, we will fight to death. You
will bear in minrl that this is not my
view. It is the view of the extremists—
a very large party."
"And is there no party in favor of
annexation to the United States?"
"The people do not know what an
nexation means. It has never been ex
plained to them— and will not be. They
do understand independence. They have
fought for it. They will have it— or
they will have death. The Filipino
knows how to die."
Asked the reason for the recent hos
tile gathering of native troops on the
northern front of Manila, Aguinaldo at
once became non-committal, although
he denied that the men were there with
any hostile intent, asserting that he did
not know men hnd been mobilized in
any unusual number. He is a liar on
both counts. This story of the gather
ing of the troops is another which I
have not been permitted to cable. Gen
eral Otlß has been anxious, ever since
General Morritt went to Paris, to get
the rebels who enme in on August 13
out of the suburbs of Manila. He has
succeeded, by adroit manaeem«nt, in
getting them to retire from Ermita and
Malate to Santa Ana. but the division
under General Pin Pllar still holds
Paeo. General Otis does not believe
much in temporizing, although he does
not wish to provoke a crisis, and sev
eral days ago ho issued an order to
Pilar to retire. This stirred up a hor
net's nest. Aguinaldo was asked by
General Otis' representative at Maloloa
to-day If Paco would be abandoned.
Pilar having said he would not give up
the place. The dictator replied that he
had already written Otis, as he had In
fact, that he had relieved Pilar from
his command, and that Paco was even
now being abandoned. Neither of these
statements is correct. Pllar still holds
his place, and the Insurrertn pickets
pace their beats In Paco. Further thnn
that, the Americans are In possession
of proof that the dictator — or his secret
council of six, which amounts to much
the same thing — Is directly responsible
for the concentration of troops in front
of Manila. When Pilar was ordered to
move a circular signed by Aeuinaldo
was sent broadcast through the pro
vinces calling the Filipinos to come In
and nttack the Americans, whose ag
gression had become unendurable. The
officials have n copy of this circular, the
only one In Manila. T discovered the
fact of Its issue and of the concentra
tion of rebel troops on Wednesday. On
Thursday I gave General Otis the first
intimation he had received of the ex
istence of a condition threatening
trouble. His own secret service had
led him to believe the most peaceful
state of affairs existed outside. On
Thursday night his own personal repre
sentative, an officer not attached to the
secret service, going, over the same
ground T had covered, confirmed what
T had told Otis. The General, however,
while he was very courteous, would not
permit my story to be cabled.
"The insurrects may not mean any
thing," General Otis said. "It Is of no
use raising an alarm. I do not believe
they want trouble. In fact, I do not
think they know themselves what they
want. They have moved troops up
close to the city. To-morrow or the
next day they may all be gone agata.
In this, at least. General Otis is cor
rect. I have reason to know that the
Filipino troops now gathered about the
city are being neither fed nor paid, and
that these men who have come from a
long distance have left at home famil
ies without provision for the future. It
being easy for these men to desert and
go home again, and the Malolos Gov
ernment being hardly in a position to
inflict the penalty for desertion, it fol
lows that one reverse, or the lapse of a
little time, will see the present force
melt like a miasmatic mist from the
Pasig before a tropic sun. General Otis,
I know. counts upon the lapse of time
to help the Americans. If the Filipinos
do not attack within the next ten days
General Otis will probably win on his
calculations.
The fact of the concentration of
troops came to fhe knowledge of Gen
eral Otis through a trip I took to the
end of the Manila Railway, at Dagu
pan, on Wednesday. On the road I met
400 rebel troops on a train bound from
San Fernando toward Manila, and I
met also a certain Senor Castilla, a na
tive of the province of Pampangas, and
the head of the raLlroad secret service.
It is to the interest of the management
of this property, an English concern,
to keep informed accurately concerning
conditions In the provinces. Senor Cas
tilla told me these men had been sent
by General Makabtrlus, Gobernor Mili
tario of Pampangas, at Aguinaldo s
order, to threaten the Americans. Senor
Castilla also informed me. and I was
correctly informed, that there were 3000
men at Caloocan. the first station north
of Manila, and that natives from all the
northern provinces were coming down
on Aguinaldo's order to attack the
Americans. MakabuJu3, who does not
like Aguinaldo, and scarcely acknowl
edges his authority, sent his quota of
troops under protest, and told the men
they would be kept onJy for four days.
It follows, if the Americans are to be
attacked, the attack must be delivered
forthwith. The troops sent down by
Makabulus reached Caloocan on last
Wednesday. This is Friday night.
General Otis waited for an official
confirmation of my information before
he declined to permit me to cable the
story at all. He did not wait for an
official confirmation before *ta-enßthen
ing the defenses of Manila. The threat
of an attack, if the natives m«an to at
tack is on the northern side. On
Thursday night the Colorado Nebraska
and Pennsylvania regiments and the
Third regular artillery were concen
trated along the northern front of the
Htv. and to-day a Gatling pmwwjent
to the Colorado outpost n «* r ,° an ":
IT** su^e^^To^ieve 1 ?h°e
SLiSK WUI stand fine. In any
ev.nt The "men from Pampangas have
TRIAL OF PICQUART
WILL NOT BE POSTPONED
It Is Evident the French Cabinet
Will Not Heed the Demand
of Senators.
PARIS, Nov. 27..-There was a renewal
to-day of yesterday's conferences between
the Premier, M. Dupuy, Minister for
War M de Freycinet, and the Minister
of Justice, M.<.Lebret. and members of
both Chambers', regarding the request of
the committee of the Leftist Senators for
appointment until after the decision of the
Court of Cassation in the Dreyfus affair
of the trial of Colonel Ptcquart. charged
with revealing important military docu
mXTn VesuK ofThe* 'conferences it is un
derstood that M. Dupuy who had prom
ised to refer the request to the Cabinet
and to give a reply to-day, will decline
to postpone the Picquart court-mart al
His decision will be announced in the
Chamber of Dep«tlea to-morrow.
This afternoon M. Dupuy had several
conversations with M. de Freyclnet at the
offices of the Minister of War He Is sup
posed to have gone there to inspect cer
tain documents only obtainable at the
War Office, in connection with the Drey
fU Generai Zurlinden. Military Governor of
Paris, in an official note to-day, re
pudiates the Insinuation that his decision
to send Colonel Picquart for trial by
court-martial was prompted or suggested
by President Faure.
*Le Solr asserts that the Picquart dos
sier contains "new and unanswerable
proofs of the guilt of Dreyfus."
Le Jour, in a sensational article, de
clarea that the secret dossier constitutes
the only real proof of Dreyfus Built. It
gives details in a circumstantial manner
as to the documents in the package, and
promises further revelations.
ANTWERP, Nov. 27.-The Droits de
L'Komme asserts that Major Comte Fer
dinand Walsln Esterhasy has sailed for
the United States.
PRAIRIE FIRES HAVE
PLAYED GREAT HAVOC
An Enormous Amount of Property
Destroyed in Oklahoma and
Indian Territory.
ST. I-OUIS, Nov. 27.— A special to the
Republic from Perry, O. T., says: Prairie
fires have played havoc in Oklahoma and
the Indian Territory for the last few days.
One farmer lost 1000 acres of fine hay in
the field several hundred bales of cot
ton and 500 head of cattle and hogs. He
estimates his loss at $20,000. Millions of
tons of hay In bale and In bulk have
been burned In other sections and no less
than 100 residences havo been destroyed.
Several lives have been lost in these
prairie fires. In the Kiowa Indian reser
vation a strip of land thirty by seventy
five miles was burned, causing great dam
age.
Voyage of the Battleships.
NEW YORK, Nov. 27.- A Washington
special to the Herald says: Now that
there seem to be little further doubt that
Spain will comply with the demands of
the United States, the battle-ships lowa
and Oregon are expected to leave Monte- ;
video at once. Their next stopping place
will 1;" Punta Arenas, where they will |
coal, and they will then head for the Gal
lapagos Islands.
Second Trial for the Farragut.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 27.— The Navy j
Department baa granted the Union Iron i
Works permission to give the torpedo
bout destroyer Farragut another official
trial. The law requires that this vessel
shall make thirty knots an hour before
she can be accepted by the Government.
On her last trial the Farragut made an j
average speed of 29.7 knots.
Skeleton of a Missing Man.
REDDING, Nov. 27.— 8. F. Roberts, a
well-known citizen of this place, disap
peared rather mysteriously two years ago.
It was concluded he had been lost in a
snowstorm. This morning his skeleton
was found on the Pitt River, the Identity
being established by the clothing and his
pcd'ket possessions. He was a man Of
family.
Engineer and Fireman Killed.
SOUTH BERWICK. Me.. Nov. 27.—
Harley Bates and Fred Hallway, of
Portland, engineer and fireman of a Bos
ton and Maine locomotive driving a snow-
How, were killed to-day by the engine
plunging over an embankment.
Rough Weather Northward.
SEATTLE, Nov. 27.— The steamer City
of Topeka arrived to-day from Alaska five
days overdue. The delay was caused by
rough weather. Captain Thompson said it
was the roughest he had ever experienced
during his fifteen years' run on the Alas
ka route.
To Race for Canadian Cup.
TOLEDO, Ohio, Nov. 27.— Joe Pulcet of
Detroit will to-morrnw begin work on To
ledo's boat which will race at Chicago for
th£ Canadian cup. The boat Is to be the
property of a syndicate.
GILLETT HAS
FLED TO SPAIN
Creditors Wrangle While
Cattle Starve.
MANY EVIDENCES OF FRAUD
THE PLUNGER REMORTGAGED
AND REBRAIIDED STOCK.
Liabilities of the Daring Defaulter
May Go Beyond the Million
and a Half Dollar
Mark.
Special Dißpatch to The Call
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Nov. 27.— A spe
cial to the Journal fpom Woodbine
(Kans.) says: Grant G. Gillett. the
cattle king, so-called, whose failure
last week with liabilities estimated at
over a million and a half of dollars
startled the livestock trade, is believed
to be on his way to Spain. The fol
lowing telegram is said to have been
received in this city to-day by a
brother-in-law of the missinp plunier:
"NEW YORK, Nov. 27.— 1 will leave
to-day by steamer for Spain. Cable
me at Cadiz. How are my wife and
baby? G. G. GILLETT. 1 '
The creditors of Grant" vj. cjlllett. the
cattle king who left for parts unknown
last week, spent Sunday struggling over
the wreck which he left behind. It has
developed Into a case of every man for
himself, and the result is a worse snarl
than ever. Each commission firm who
holds Gillett's paper seems to devote
most of his time In checkmating the
moves the others make. In the mean
time losses are piling on losses, arid the
million and a half estimate liabilities
may go even beyond that amount.
There is no one to fet'd or water the
thousands of caitle at the Glllett farm
here and while the creditors of the
failed magnate are quibbling among
themselves, the cattle in the stalls are
d -ing for the want of water and feed.
The employes on the ranch have de
serted their posts. On a side track are
twenty carloads more of Herefords and
short horns suffering in the storm with
no one to care for them. They had ar
rived on the date of the failure.
It is said to-Jav that Gillett has cer
tainly mortgaged and remortgaged
the same cattle to different parties. In
at least one case, it was stated to-day
he rebranded cattle he had sold to one
man and mortga—d them to a com
mission house, or, as It seems probable,
to two or three commission houses, for
a heavy sum, and then had the herd
divided and driven quietly off his farm
to another man's place, where he ar
ranged to have it kept for the winter.
It is still impossible to accurately es
timate Gillett's liabilities.
FORT WORTH, Texas, Nov. 27.—
Grant G. Gillett, the Kansas cattle
king is well known In Texas. During
the present year he bought from Texas
cattle men nearly 50,000 head of cat
tle paying for them $2,800,000. Gillett,
after leaving Kansas, came to Texas
and registered at the Worth Hotel in
this city. He Is thought to have gone
to old Mexico.
SAVED BY A CAT
FROM DROWNING
Feline Pet Scratches the Face of a
Sleeping Man on a Sinking
Ship.
PORT TOWNSEND. Nov. 27.— During a
heavy storm that prevailed in the harbor
last night the steamer Wlldwood sank
while lying at her dock. A large hole
was made in her hull by a drifting log.
A man who was asleep on board was
saved from drowning by the ship's cat.
which awakened him by scratching his
face Just as the steamer was going down.
Train. Falls Through, a Bridge.
ROANOKE, Va.. Nov. 27.— A northbound
fast freight on the Norfolk and Western
Railroad went through a bridge near
Riverside to-day. Fireman Joseph Stev
ens was killed, Brakeman David Winger
fatally injured and Engineer Stephen
Mayo seriously scalded. The bridge was
under construction at the time of the ac
cident and It Is reported that several of
the bridge workers were Injured more or
less seriously.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AIDED BY MRS. PINKHAM.
i - 9
Mrs. W. E. Paxtox, Youngtown,
North Dakota, writes about her strug-
gle to regain health after the birth of
her little girl:
11 Dear Mrs. Pixkham: — It is with
pleasure that I add my testimony to
your list, hoping that it may induce
others to avail themselves of your val-
uable medicine.
••After the birth of my little girl,
three years ago, my health was very
poor. I had leucorrhcea badly, and a
terrible bearing-down , pain which
gradually grew worse, until I could do
no work. Also had headache nearly
all the time, and dizzy feelings. Men-
struations were very profuse, appear-
ing every two weeks.
" I took medicine from a good doctor,
but it seemcu to do no good. I was
becoming alarmed over my condition,
when I read your advertisement in a
paper. I sent at once for a bottle of
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
ponnd, and after taking two-thirds of
the bottle I felt so much better that I
send for two more. After using three
bottles I felt as strong and well as any
one. \
41 1 think it is the best medicine for
female weakness ever advertised, and
recommend it to every lady I meet suf-
fering from this trouble." (^
Maternity is a wonderful experience
and many women approach it wholly
unprepared. Childbirth under right
conditions need not terrify women.
The advice of Mrs. Pinkham" is freely
offered to all expectant mothers, and
her advice is beyond question the most
valuable to be obtained. If Mrs. Pax-
ton had written to Mrs. Pinkham be-
fore conflnementtshe would have been
saved much suffering. Mrs. Pinkham's
address is Lynn, Mass.
USB f*\
Facial Soap S£ ? Fac * al Cream.
If anything alls your Skin, Scalp, Complex-
lon or Hair, call on or write Dermatologist
JOHN H. WOODBURT, li 7 West «d St., New
York, 163 State st., Chicago. Use Woo<Jbury"«
Facial Soap, Facial Cream, Facial and Tooth
Powder. Bold everywhere.
LIST OF PRIZES.
OFFICIAL DRAWING
——OK THE '
LOTTERY
BEIFIcii7DBLICI
BEIFICENCIA PUBLICA.
The 118 th ordinary monthly drawing, class
L. drawn in the City of Mexico on November
19. 1898.
Special Notice— The publffc Is cautioned to
beware of concerns claiming to operate lotte-
ries in the City of Mexico or at any other point
in the Republic of Mexico, as all such con-
cerns are fraudulent. The lottery of the Ben-
eficiencia Publica is the only one authorized
and indorsed by the Mexican National Gov-
ernment. Beware of spurious imitations and
see that all tickets are signed by A. Castillo,
Intervenor. and U. Bassettl, manager. None
others are genuine.
No. Prize. INo. Prize. No. Prize.
108 20; 131 40 327 100
408 ".. 20 492 20 630 20
633 20 595» 90 1 799 40
831........ 100| 930 40 983 20
1079 20 1270 20 1259 20
1293 200 1524 20] 1565 20
1757 ♦ 20 1896 20| 1952 20
1991 201 1993 20 2132 20
2143 20, 2146 20 2155 20
2175 20 2276 20 2556 40
2627 20 2909 100 2919 40
8289 100 i 3503 40 3726 20
3933 40 4104 40 4177 20
4152 20 4250 20 4347 200
4348 40 4384 20 4390 100
4551 20 4644 20! 4653 .100
4768 20 4933 40 5020 20
6038 40 5202 20 5251 20
6304 20 5574 40 5655 800
6752 20 6113 40 6118 1 40
6145 40 6242 20 6265 40
6370 100 6517 40; 6577 40
6615 200| 6705 20 1 6750 20
6811 2o 6848 40 6599 20
6!»24 20 6934 40 6947 40
7057 40' 7141 40 7346 20
7570 100 7437 20 7504 40
7691 20 7728 20 7772 20
&030 20 8115 1000 SIS 2 20
5193 20 8660 40 8732 20
SS4O 100 ; BS6O 20 BSB6 40
8913 40 8997 20 9090 20
9155 20 : 9292 40 9298 100
9498 40' 9707 20 1 9729 40
9745 » 20 9747 40j 9754 40
9942 40 9955 20
10000 20 10153 20 10211 1000
10371 20 10665 20;lO845 40
11034 20 11268 20:11569 100
11648 20! 12063 4012099 20
12168 40|12247 40;1225S 20
12371 20 12375 20 12436 20
12459 40U2400 20.12472 20
12587 40 12754 40|12521 20
12914 :. 20|13046 40 13148 20
13222 20 13239 20|13397 20
13399 40 13714 20 13722 40
13961 100 14011 40 14019 20
14075 40 14087 100|14253 40
14641 20 15005 20115375 '.. 20
15504 40 15614 • 20 15632 40
15563 20 16233 20 16264 100
16253 20,10510 100.1653S 40
16544 100|16072 40 16602 20
16692 20 16733 20;16777 100
16579 17007 40 17119 20
17404 40 ! 17405 40 17414 20
17542 20)17562 1761S 20
17736 20 17505 20 17910 40
18O5S 18079 20 18173 100
18287 20 18406 20 185SS 20
186(6 20J15634.. 20|15819 20
18S61 20|15957 10018987 100
19070 40 19083 10019310 40
19313 20 19326 40119336 40
19499 2»i195T.2 20J19666 20
19675 200 19940 20j19951 20
20003 2o 20078 40]20176 40
20177 20 20188 20, 20277 20
20561 20,20578 100 20723 40
20775 20120517 100 20928 20
2*30 40J21081 20 21122 40
21211 40|2125S 40 21303 20
21353 2021554 40;215P6 20
21659 40 i 21704 40 21775 40
21845 20 21951 40 22140 20
22400 202 2490 40 22913 40
22997 20 23044 20 23107 20
23445 40i23458 20(23432 40
23563 40|23632 20 23674 20
23760 10024063 20 24099 20
24167 40 241&0 20 24240 100
24510 20 24645 100 24903. 20
24977 100 24986 100125118 40
25163 20 25229 40 25250 20
125191 20)23404 600:25501 20
25544 100 25650 20 25749 20
25792 40 25854 20 25917 20
26037 100 26143 20 26192 20
26200 20i262t>3 4026223 20
26227 40 26342 20 26379 40
26425 20 26589 40,26965 100
27009 20 27089 20 27145 40
27245 20;27389 27591 20 !
27610 40 27652 100 27742 40,
27951 20 28042 100 28045 20 :
28061 20 25065 100:28160 800
25325 100i25358 40 28404 20
25640 200 28755 100 25941.: 40
28977 100 25013 100 29028 20
29147 40 29265 29268 20
29384 20129295 20;29646 40
29703 40 29545 40 29920 20
29948 40
30027 40,30111 100 30119 20
30492 20,30634 100 30639 20
30676 200 30759 20 30560 lOOno j
30999 40 31009 20 31162 20 •
31210 20|31522 20 31577 100 '
31596 81S17 20 31522. ....... 20
31858 20 31901 20:31916 20
31959 20 32092 20 32159 20
83488 20 32445 20,32452 40 |
33134 4033135 40 33174. 100
33279 20|53357 100 33466 20
33477 60000 33509 500133797 40,
SBBSG 100J33'J90 40:34216 40
3422S 20034249 29J34261 20
34341 2034352 100|34392 40
34429 34446 40 34525 20
34554 20:34664 .20 34698 200
34717 40 34725 20 34773 40 ;
34781 2034798 1000 34945 40 !
34955 40 35070 20;35150 20 i
35244 i 100|353<2 40 36579 20
35631 40 35679 100j35838 20 ■
36333 20 36344 40:36398 40
36413 20 36502 20 i 36599 20 I
36611 20136723 40136838 200 !
36994 20 37025 40 37168 20:
37193 20 37313 20:37406 40 j
37531 20 37717 20 37757 40 i
37767 40 37844 40 37583 20 I
37931 40 37959 40 3SOOI 20 i
38028 20 38268 40 38604 20 i
88605 2038703 40 38716 40 j
38789 20 38933 20 39053 40
39268 40 39274 200J39292 40
39461 40 39463 20 39612 40 1
39535........ 20 39549........ 20,39597 20
39701 20 39722 40 39727 100
39768 20 39546 40 39561 20 !
40114 20 40122 200 40181 20;
40361 40 40501 20 40515 20 !
40655 20 40658 20 40685 100 i
40747 600 40821 40 40889 40 ,
41084 40 41091 20 41102 20 i
41185 20 41235 20 41342 20 :
41353 4041521 20 41711 20000 ;
41778 40141790 40 42019 20 1
42332 2042455 20 42473 40 1
42554 100 42557 4042567 40
42590 20142601 20 42752 40 ;
42811 20 42891 40 42929 20 I
42937 20 43005 20 43064 20
43065 40 43067 100 43279 20
43343 20 43523 20 43654 20 I
43753 20 43531 100143868 20 '
43938 20 44261 20 44524 40 I
44647 20 44813 100J44859 20
44997 40145213 20|458<50 100
45428 20;45509 40 45546 20
45633 40 45690 40 45866 100
46340 20 46411 40 46470 20
46758 20|46914 40 46972 40
47089 2047102 20 47215 20
47506 40|47532 47642 20
47757 20 47771 40 45297 20
48341 40 15357 45403 20
48494 200 48500 20 48579 100
48555 48613 100145622 20
45839 40'4890i> 100 49140 20
49168 49276 20 49253 . 100
49400 l«0 49421 20 49491 100
49652 40 49689 200 49747........ 20
49797 20!
50203 40i5027S 20 50373 40
60408 B00;50435 20 60461... . 20
50329 40 60544 40 50576 800
50636 40:51007 20i51012 ... . 40
51133 40 61191 20 51233 40
51279 2061425 20 51767 40
CI7S3 2051864 40 52016 ...:*" 20
C' 2027 20 52035 40 52104 20
52347 200 52508 20 53005........ 40
C 3315 200;53376 53410.. . . 20
53532 40:53661 20 53656 ".'."." 20
53570 40 53916 20 53984.:..":** 200
54065........ 100 54111... 54131 . 20
f'4158 20 54192........ 20:54206 ,t. 40
E4252 20 54419 40154466 20
E4493 20 54565 20 54621 20
54702 20 54796 2064820 100
E5Oll 40 55U3 100)55251... 100
65279........ 40 56312 200155500 100
55504 2055544 -100156597 ....' 20
«m 20 65772 40|55794 20
F6143 40 56160 20 56168 20
06186 40 56356 100156415 20
66471 20 56661 20 56946 20
G7173 4057342 40157391 20
57593........ 20 57502 4057812 20
57527 2057546 100157882 40
57926 20 57929........ 20 57982 20
C 7998 20155059 40J58106 100
55132 20 55166 20158268 100
58350 100158394 20 58529 40
58740 40 58873 40 58879 ».. 20
68888 20 58939 20 69125 " 20
89189 20 59257 20159273 100
69409 20 59445........ 2059660 20
C 9700 20 69757 20159796 100
59830 40 69872... 20! 69927 20
59935 20 59974 200
60062 20 60139 20 60151 100
60165........ 20 60229.. 40 60252........ 20
60277 20160397 20 1 60409 '• .40
COB4B 40 60920 20 60964.. .40
60953 4060991 20J6H46 100
61151 20 61593... 2061610 40
61737........ 2061739 20161843 40
61885 20 61957 40 1 62011 20
62058 20 62064 20 62187 20
62254 20 62296........ 2062315 20
62350 . 2062479 20 62571 20
62606"!.!... 40 62633 40162818 20
62830 10062833 20J62846 20
62894 ! 20 63016. 20163149 20
63171.: 4063299 100 63316........ 100
63326 ... 40 63365 20163451 20
65483 : 4063468.. 20 63529. 40
63610! 63718 .100 .> 40
LIST OF PRIZES. •"■ '
No. Prize. |No. Prize. |No. Prise.
63800 20|63588 '20163993 ' 20
64125 ~ 20 64230 20 64314.. 20
64369 -. -200 64463 20 64618 20
64652 „ 4064797 20 64809 40
64513 406*873  20[64972 100
65104 100165578 40;60623.:....i. 40
65628 40 65.561 40 1 65583. ....... . . 20
65941 20 66034 40)66069 20
66584 66714 40|86771 100
67077 67052 200 67119. 20
67269 100 67333 40|67348 100
67411 : 20 67452 40l 67492 20
67625 4067780 40167795.: .' . 100
68443 .... 20 68577....;... 40 68635 600
££i? 4069113 2069164 100
6p43 "■■": 40 ! 69275. 20 69321 1000
69551 ■"::::. 8835 2059501 20
6QSW . 20169767 20:69802 •20
69520:: 20|69832 W>|69M4 20
TOOl ... 40 70032 »70»4 40
-,;» 2070171 207047.) .-. 2')
70 94!!:::::: 40& 4070931. ■::■ 20
70961 ■ 2070982 .... 710(2......... 40
lF ::::: fe:::::::: 4071368.-. -8
nJoo ::; 2071576 »n«n 20
71707 20 71731 4071744 .-•
Ell 3.p=E liilll;
7OSO 4072007 100721 M 40
nS:: :::::: 40:2431 20)72494 40
72-,qi 100 7°610 :: SBS:::::::: 20
£%\ 40 72765 ... 20 72823 .40
7297o::::::: 2073002 100 73093:;::,... ; iw
7^096 10073175 2017339S 40
SSS H I 8K::::::: gB:::::::: |
73944 ±SSEE JSj?^:::::::: 20
7424S alssip: 4<"' 743.' 4 W
74669:::::::: 2074 m ife::::::::" |
74756 20,74779 20 74878 20
741)74 4075031 20 75042 20
75059 2076082 20 75103 40
75146 80075149 40 75207 20
75334 20 75346 40 75402 ;. 40
75420 20 75434 1000 7040 a ■ »0
75521 20175523 100 75614 20
75^3.:::..:! 4075871 20176079 20
76124 4076162 20 76510 ;. 40
78531 4076540 20,6712 100.
76556 2076859:; 40 76980.......:- 20
77068 4077491 20 77633 100
77816 100J78046 20|7507S • 100
75114 100 78152 20178240 20
78242 20|78361 20)78424 40
78470 40 75570 20J78609 40
78659 20 75799 2075570. ....... 20
78S«JO 20 79094 20 79106 20
79469 2079648 100179595 40
79658.. 40179679 40:79693 40
Approximation Prizes— loo numbers from 33,-
427 to 33,527 inclusive, being 50 numbers on eacn.
side of the number drawing capital prize of
$60,000-$6 O. , , ,
100 numbers from 41,061 to 41,761 Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $20.000— 540. .
100 numbers from 30.810 to 30,910 Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $10,000—
799 numbers ending with 77, being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capi-
tal prize of $60,000— ?20.
7L*9 numbers ending with 11. being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capi-
tal prize of $20,000— 520.
No. 33,477 draws first capital prize of $60,-
000, sold in Guaymas, Sonora, New Orleans,
La., Lima, 0., Chicago, 111.
No. 41,711 draws se- : capital prize of $20,-
000. sold in Ciudad. Victoria, Tarns.
No. 30,860 draws third capital prize of $10,-
000 sold in Tamplco, Tarns.. Mexico City.
Nob. 8115, 10.211, 34,798, 69.321 and 75,434 draw
I each $1000, sold in .San Francisco, Cal., St.
Louis, Mo., Houston. Tex., Galveston, Tex.,
I Boston, Mass., Bt Louis, Mo., Chicago. 111.,
: Guadalajara, Jal., Tulanclngo, Hgo., Mexico
i City, Guaymas, Son., New Orleans, La., Day-
I ton. 0.. Chicago, 111.
The regular monthly drawing. No. 119, with
capital prize of $60,000, will take place on De-
cember 22, 1898. Wholes, $4; halves, $2; quar-
■ ters, $1; eighths, 50c; sixteenths, 25c. U. S.
I money. ANTONIO PEREZ,
For the Treasury Department.
U. BASSETTI, Manager.
APOLINAR CASTILLO,
Intervenor.
Prizes cashed at 35 New Mont-
gomery street, San Francisco, Cal.
\ 1 ilS^^^^^^NO KNIFE or PAIN
JJ jJok^^^^^lL No Pay — - tj| Cured
BSKBuarMfttt^^ Any lump in a wo-
Iman's breast is can-
cer. The poison
BSea! KBBSBiL quickly goes to arm-
JMHHKBWteM^^^ pit. If large it is too
J&P*i3£& wE3Srf\\ * ate Men ' s face and
Ajf\^^B^^^fg\Up a common place.
& %J9 T&^JF Jr \ So-Pagk Hook sent
-^ free with hundreds of
addresses of honest scures. No Fraud.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 23 & 25 Third St , N'R Market St.
SEND TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER
1898--TAXES -1898
! Notice Is hereby given that the first
installment of real estate taxes nd all
unpaid personal prope.tr taxes, includ-
ing balance due from those who hava
already paid the Assessor, will be delin-
quent and 15 per cent added on MON-
DAY, November 28, at 6 o'clock p. m.
NO CHECKS received after SATUR-
| DAY EVENING, November 26.
Office open FRIDAY AND SATUR-
DAY EVENINGS, November 25 and
26, from 7 to 9 p. m.
JAMES N. BLOCK.
Tax Collector of the City and County
of San Francisco.
OOZAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
fc^ Steamers leave Broadway
«B^|g_^ wharf, San Francisco:
tjRSSfJghL Kor Alaskan j>orts, 10 a. m.,
lm»?£3|wj, Nov. 27, Dec. 2, transfer at
1 lBsv8S^»1 Ir " r Victoria, Vancouver (R.
figjSSZr^ffjii C), Port Townsend,
f^^^^E| Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.), 19
"^ a. m.. Nov. 27. Dec. 2, an 1
every fifth day thereafter, transfer at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and G.
N. Ry.. at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.. at an-
CO For r Eure ka P (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. nv. Nov.
25 30 Dec 5, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huen«me
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Nov. 25. 29, Dec. 3. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a
m., Nov. 27, Dec. 1, and every fourth day
th For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa (Mex.). 10 a. m., Dec. 15, Jan.
12, Feb. 9. Mar. fl. Apr. 6.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
I a «IO3JSt' OWn OE -A New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). . .
GOODALL, raHlgNg^CO^g^fe^
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
! rinr $12 First Class lncludin Berth* .
rAnb $8 Second Class and Meal* - '
rOLT'MBH sails Nov. 24, Dec. 4, 14, 24
BTATEOFCAL sails.... Nov. 29. Dec. 9. 19. 29
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to a^po nts
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS v & ri CO n , dentB
Superintendents.
j ■
! Gompagnie Generate Transatlantique.
"* (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS +<£<*»
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday «SFjgOJ
at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, North ■aa*4fcifc4«
River, foot of Morton street.
LA TOURAINE .pec. S
LA GASCOGNE .....Dec. 10
LA CHAMPAGNE... Dec. 17
LA BRETAGNE Dec. U
LA NORMANDIE.. Dec. 31
First-class to Havre J9O and upward, 6 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class ta .
Havre $45. 10 per cent reduction round trip.-
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE 3
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. ; ' .
Th e S. S. MOANA
via Honolulu and
BrJh'llK B» fillal ** f Auckland for Sydney
PMHSailil WednesJav MOAN A.
ICflH|[.r:i!ls via Honolulu and
i»K * ma """ Auckland for Sydney
U Wednesday, November
ffi^w»^ti^rß^}iinc» 3 °s at s lO Australia
VgSffi CiHMllljllll/ v ' sa Ti s for Honolulu
T^SS*^ /nfTIFffIRLK Wednesday. December
li*lllfAllWSJi4 at 2 p. na.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPD
TOWN, South Africa. ' '
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— Market St.. San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
I Mon., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m., ex. Thura.)
Fridays 1 P- m - an 8:30 p. m.
Bundays 10:30 a. m. and > p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock, Pl«r 4.
Telephone Main 150*.EASTERN STATES
IN THE GRIP OF
FIERCE STORMS
Maoy Disasters and Loss of Life
Reported flloog the New
Eogland Coast.
People Fatally Frozen in Streets of New York-
Railroad and Steamship Traffic BlocKed
by the Blizzards.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 27.— When the j
: New york awoke this morn
iey found the blizzard that raged
they retired was still in progress. |
storm, which began with a soft, i
.■, on Saturday at noon, in
': as the day wore on, with heav
ler snowfall, the wind blowing a gale
at midnight.
There was a slight abatement of the
this morning, but the snow still
I badly and the tempera
ture dropped rapidly. It looked this
ng as though the blizzard would I
continue all day, but at 10 o'clock there
. breaking away in the west and
ftnallj ased altogether and
izzard since the memor- i
able one of March, me to an
end. The wind blew at the rate of :
fifty-nine to sixty miles an hour during ,
the height of the storm. Snow fell j
fhotit New Fork State. The fall:
in N- ■■■ fork city, the Weather Bureau
reports, was about ten inches; Phila
delphia, nine inches; Boston, six inches; ;
Portland, Me., four inches; Albany, lit
tle over an inch. The lowest tempera
tures reported were: New York city, :
25; Albany. 18.
With the brightening of the skies in ;
.is morning came an increase ;
in the velocity of the wind and the
at swirling and
ng everywhere. Nearly a foot of
had fallen, but in places it had
drifted to four or five feet. The pecu
liarity of the storm was the encrusting
irly every window and the -
Hidings, and when the storm
cleared away the great city was trans
i into a spectacle of glistening
. of surpassing beauty. Broad- ,
way and the great thoroughfares of the ;
city ; , :.tastic appearance.
Jn the greates. artery of business ac
tivity "t" the country there were drifts
on the sidewalks through which the
early morning wayfarer plowed to I
his waist. On some of the streets great j
formed barriers across them and :
in many instances filled up the trenches
had been dug by the street rail
fdr the transforming of the mo- j
■ r from cable to electricity.
As soon as there was signs of abate- |
.'. the fall of the snow, the street
■ r parti ent went to work, but |
made, suburban i
blocked for several hours!
in the morning, and after that trains
ran at lofig intervals. All trains were
Some that wire due in the ;
■rning hours had not been
from at; night. The Superin
tend* s- in the general Post
mail train from Bos
. hud not been heard
from nor had the mails been received!
up t ■ ck to-night. The in- j
comin" mails from other parts, he said,
were from two hours to an unknown
number of hours, behind time. Few
trains due at the Grand Central station i
to-day arrived on. time. The terrific
blow of Saturday night did much dam- '<
the small shinning in New York
harbor.
It is reported to-night that several
to the Kingston
Towing Company, together with a large ;
number of canal boats were sunk up j
c of the gale. The
:i are littered with
An order was gent nut fmm police j
headquarters to the various precinct |
rs to have arrested all per- j
: alone In a condition that
would ■ :i the suspicion of in- j
Aa a result the police j
courts ■ crowded with emi
nently respectable looking persons who 1
let go with a small fine and an!
admonition to gel in out of th" bi
Notwithstanding this precaution on the
unber
of casv-lties, including several deaths
exposure. J>.hn Martin. 55 years!
old, a. former insurai agent, was
found in the park ai One Hundred and
Eighth street and Avenue B, and taken i
tjevue Hospital. Both h:s lees
and hands were badly frozen. He had
lain down on a bench to die, he said.
Ji ; had nothing to eat for several days, j
An unknown woman was found un- !
conscious in a snow drift, at Seventy- j
eighth .street and Avenue A. She was
■ <i to tii.' Presbyterian Hospital,
help condition was Bald to be ser- ,
lous. . aged German. Frank Schnei
der, of iiutchkills, Long Island City,
found later Saturday night at
Seventieth street and Second avenue, j
He was lying on a snowbank almost i
unconscious and was transferred to the
Bellevue Hospital.
An unknown woman discovered in a
basemen'"' pn the Powery was removed
to Hudson-streel Hospital and died
there from alcoholism and exposure. A
policeman rescued Dennis Quinn, a let
ter carrier, who had fallen helpless in
th<- snow early this morning, badly
frozen.
In Jersey City the body of Rosanna
Cunningham,". 42 years of age, was
found on the. sldeWalk on Van Vorest
street early this 'morning. Her skull
was fractured. The body was almost
covered with snow. It is believed she
received her-injuries from a fall.
At 7 n. m.'-a policeman found Charles
Schopp unconscious in the snow in
Jersey City. Before he could "be car
ried into*" a house he died. Schopp had
Btrated for a butcher shop,- where he
was employed, and. his death is attrib
uted to exposure and exhaustion from
his ■' ..struggle 'through • the blinding
storm:; ." ■ ' :.
George, -. Beck, 42 years of age, and
William. Allen were also found in Jer
sey dry by the police badly frozen. The
former had been ilrinking. He was un
conscious and is likely to.. die.
John Boh.an, while on a street car, be
came benumbed by the cold at Avenue
B and Third street and fell from the
platform of the car. He lay in the
snow fnr a- considerable time before he
was finally discovered by a passer-by
and sent to. the Bellevue In an ambu
lance. •
Julius Hoosberg, a homeless, who
sought shelter In. a barn at Stapleton.
Staten Island, was found frozen this
morning and died shortly afterward.
The storm played havoc with the tele
graph wires along the coast of New
Jersey. The Western I'nion and other
wires in Long Island are nearly all
down, and- beyond Jamaica there is
practically no connection. ■
Late to-night the wires were getting
into good working order, and . It is be
lieved that by to-morrow there will be
no overcrowding.
The large fleet of outward bound ves
sels which were obliged to anchor in
the bay yesterday afternoon, owing to
the prevailing heavy snowstorm, got
under way this forenoon and early this
afternoon and proceeded to sea. Busi
ness at the quarantine boarding sta-.
tion was at a standstill. The only ves
s< la to reach port up to 6 p. m. were the
Mallory line steamer Conial, from Gal
■ eston; the Leitrim, from London, and
the Old Dominion liner Jamestown. The
French liner La Touraine. from Havre,
anchored outside the bar at 5:55 p. m.
Among the steamers due are the Maas
dam. from Rotterdam; the Francisco,
from Hull, and the Thingvalla, from
Christiansand.
NEW ENGLAND COAST
SWEPT BY A BLIZZARD
BOSTON. Nov. 27. — A record break
ing November blizzard swept over the
greater portion of New England last
night and to-day completely demoral
izing traffic of every description, and
well nigh paralyzing telegraphic and
t< 1 --phonic communication, while the
northeast gale, coming on a high course
drove the sea far beyond its
usual limits and made a mark alone
th«- shore exceeded only by the mem
hurrlcane of 185 L
While the storm was heaviest in the
southeastern part of New England, the
whole district was affected, and ex
ceed a snowfall of from eight to
twenty-four inches, and as the center
of the disturbance moved down the
Maine coast that section and the -rov
inces will probably receive a similar
taste of winter weather to-night.
fortunately the storm was heralded '
sumeiently in advance by the Weather j
Bureau to dotn^ most of the coast j
shipping in safe harbors, but the warn- :
ing was entirely unheeded and ignored 1
by those on shore, with the result that ,
nearly every one, especially the rail- |
reads and electric companies were
caught nappin^ and suffered according- j
ly. There was not a railroad in New
Kngland that was not more «• less tied ;
v- by the heavy fall of snow and the j
great drifts, and the roads running j
along the coast, like the New York, i
New Haven and Hartford and the Bos- j
ton and Maine, had the added difficulty [
.if frequent washouts in places ex- J
posed to the heavy seas.
Trains, north, east, south and weit
were ■ arly all stalled early in the ;
night, although one train from Bangor
reached Lynn this noon, and no Chi- j
cago trains came into the city this;
evening.
In cities and towns dependent upon
electric cars, service v.as even worse
for the damp snow packed hard on the
rails and held up even the heavy snow
plows.
The service In this cit-" was probably
the best of any of the surrounding
community. vet even here there was
no attempt made to run more than a
dozen cars on Washington street and
one or two others of the main thor
oughfares.
The storm, while not so severe and
far-reaching in its effects as the fear
ful blizzard of last February, was
nevertheless the heaviest experienced
in November in this part of the coun
try for a long series of years. Coming
fin Sunday It did not cause the annoy
ance or inconvenience it would have
done on a week day, and most of the
transportation companies made a
heroic effort to at least partially re
cover from the effects of the blockade.
Only the barest reports were received
ufi to 6 o'clock to-night of the effect at
the storm on the coast, but even those
few lines gave rise to the gravest fears
as to the safety of what little shipping
that may have been off Cape Cod last
night or to-day. It will probably be
two or three days before a complete list
of the disasters can be made.
All points south of this city and east
of Providence were isolated early last
evening, New Bedford being lost to the
outside world before 8 o'clock and New
port and Fall River disappearing into
the night not long after.
Farther to the west, at Providence
and in other parts of Rhode Island,
communication was intermittent and
subject to great delay. Night trains
over the Shore Line to New York
reached Providence with only a few
minutes' delay, but beyond that point
they met terrific drifts and it was
morning before either of the two regu
lar trains reached New London. Here
they were stalled nearly all day by
freight wrecks on the road between
that point and New Haven. The trains
from New York met a similar experi
ence west of Saybrook, and after some
hours of telegraphing they managed to
reach New London and started late in
the afternoon for Providence.
At noon to-day the regular New York
express from Chicago left Springfield
for this city, followed a short time later
by the morning express from the west,
and, barring a slight delay from a
wreck at East Brookfield, came through
to this city all right.
WROUGHT GREAT HAVOC
THROUGHOUT PENNSYLVANIA
PHILADHLPHIA, Nov. 27.— The bliz
zard which came out of the west reach
ed this city at 1 o'clock yesterday
morning. As unexpected as It was vio
lent, it wrought great havoc not only
here but throughout the entire State.
The snowfall reached a depth of over
nine inches, and the wind a velocity of
forty-five miles an hour. These figures
are unprecedented in the November
records of the local Weather Bureau,
and the officials there say that the
storm in general was the worst since
the memorable blizzard of 1888. With
the snow the mercury steadily dropped
until well below the freezing point, and
to-night it is still on its downward way.
In this city traffic of every kind, as
well as wire communication, was crip
pled. The suburban lines were brought
to a complete standstill, with the roads
piled high with drifted snow.
The country milk trains which tried
to get into town this morning are still
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1898.
snowbound, and no Atlantic City trains
got away from the city after 11 o'clock
this morning. The main line of the
Pennsylvania Railroad was greatly de
layed. To-day the weather has been
cold and clear and much progress has
been made in restoring affairs to their
normal condition.
Dispatches from interior towns tell
of like conditions. At Stroudsburg
large forces of men were working all
day on the Delaware, Lackawanna and
Western cracks, trying to get trains
through to New York.
In the mountain regions of Scranton
and Wilkesbarre the greatest damage
was to telegraph wires, but the delay
to steam traffic was inconsiderable. The
gale was especially severe around the
Delaware capes.
The schooner William M. Wilson,
from Philadelphia for Norfolk with a
cargo of coal, sprung a leak four miles
south of Metemkin life-saving station.
Her signals were promptly answered
and the guards took off her crew of six
men. The schooner is anchored a mile
and a half off shore and is likely to sink
during the night. A number of vessels
off the capes were unable to get into
the harbor, and it is feared that there
have been heavy losses. The new
steamship Admiral Sampson, which
left Philadelphia yesterday for her of
ficial trial trip, is safely anchored be
hind the new breakwater.
ALL TRAINS DELAYED
BY THE FIERCE STORM
BALTIMORE, Nov. 27.— 0n account
of the blizzard in New York last night
all trains from points north of Phila
delphia were from one to five hours late
to-day. The Pennsylvania train bear
ing this morning's issue of the New
York papers did not arrive until nearly
noon, four hours behind schedule time.
During last night and to-day high
winds prevailed on the Chesapeake
Bay, but so far as known there were
no casualties.
MUCH DAMAGE DONE
IN ITALY AND FRANCF
PARIS, Nov. 27.— During the last
twenty-four hours storms, increasing in
severity, have raged throughout South
■ crn France and Northern Italy. Much
i damage has been done at Marseilles,
j Cannes, San Romo and Genoa, Along
! the Riviera seawalls and sea fronts
j have suffered especially.
At Genoa the German cruiser Hertha,
j one of the convoy warships during Em
i peror William's recent trip to Pales
tine, broke her moorings and collided
i with the Italian mail steamer Scilla,
i both vessels being slightly damaged.
{ Several o-ther small casualties are re
i ported.
VESSELS GO ASHORE
DURING THE GALE
BOSTON, Nov. 27.— A dozen or more
coasting vessels were driven ashore in
Boston harbor during the blizzard of
last night and this morning, and the
great ocean steamer Ohio of the Wilson
line was torn from her moorings and
driven high and dry on Spectacle Isl
and. Schooners and coal barges with
two anchors out and every reason to
expect a safe weathering of the gale
were dragged from their moorings and
hurled against pier heads, dashed on
islands and rocks, or sunk outright.
Fortunately the greater portion of the
coasting fleet was securely tied up at
the wharves. The schooners and barges
anchored in the lower bay bore the
brunt of the storm.
*chored at quarantine was the Wil
liner Ohio, a great four-masted
o boat, just in from Hull, England,
had only a small cargo on board,
and her Bides being high out of the
water offered a large surface to the
wind. The swift tide prevented the
vessel from pointing her nose into the
wind, and after a fierce battle for
hours her cables gradually gave way
and she ran up on the beach of Specta
cle Island, where she now lies high and
try.
As the tide was very high when the
I Ohio went ashore the work of hauling
i her off is likely to be difficult. The
i Ohio lies about a mile from the place of
I the Venetian wreck. Ashore, not far
; from the Ohio, is the schooner C. A.
| White, from Baltimore, but she will
1 probably float.
Just above Spectacle Island is
Thompsons Island, and on the beach
are three down-coact lumbermen, with
the Watchman, Fred F. Emerson, S. E.
Kaphine (British) and a vessel be
lieved to be the Virginia. It is likely
that they will be hauled off without
serious damage. The schooners John
S. Ames and Lizzie Dias are also
ashore at Fort Warren.
So far as known there were no lives
lost from any of the above schooners,
although it is said two men were wash
ed overboard from the Virginia. No
effort was made this afternoon to reach
two unknown schooners ashore at
Moonhead or another further upQuincy
'■ Bay on the flats off the Atlantic.
Further out in thf bay the casualties
began with the sinking of at least one
if r.<>t two coal barges and the lose
of the crew of each. The tug Cumber
land came in earlier last evening with
two barges, and one nfthem belonging
to the Consolidated Coal Company
broke away from the tug and striking
Hunts Ledge, sunk with all four of her
crew Another bar^e blowing into the
Staple Coal Company Is reported to
have sunk off Los Angeles Head and
her crew of four men lost.
The schooner Albel E. Bahcock from
Philadelphia if reported to have foun
dered with her crew of seven men out
side of Boston light. Two other coal
barges are ashore at Ganupt-s Island,
but it Is likely that the crew of neither
has been lost, as the vessels appear to
be in a comparatively safe place.
All of the captains of the fleet were
lucky enough to round the cape and
make the harbor, and say the storm
was the worst that they experienced
in M;iHs:ichusetts Bay. The loss 1n and
'■ about the city will amount to $50,000.
LYNN". Mass., Nov. 27.— Th<» damage
to the seawall on thp ocean front is be
tween $30,000 and $40,000. To-night the
city is in darkness. This has been the
only train into Lynn from Boston to
day.
BUILDINGS WRECKED
ON NANTASKET BEACH
HULL,, Mass., Nov. 27.— With the ex
j ception of the Nantasket Chutes and
the main building of the Hotel Nan
tasket there is not a structure left
standing on Nantasket beach between
Hull and the Ocean View House. Ho
tels, dance halls, bathhouses and other
structures succumbed to the high wind
and tidal wave of the storm. Wreck
and ruin now line the beach. The prop
erty, exclusive of the Hotel Nantasket,
was probably worth $100,000.
HEAVIEST KNOWN SINCE
THE BLIZZARD OF 1888
HARTFORD, Conn., Nov. 27.— The
storm in this city is the heaviest known
since the blizzard of 1888. The snow
is about two feet on a level and is
drifted badly. J tin Ahem, an elec
trician, was killed on the Glastonbury
trolley line to-day while working at
clearing the tracks. He was shifting
the trolley when he was struck by the
blade of a snow plow following and
instantly killed.
VESSELS AND
LIVES LOST
IN THE GALE
BOSTON, Nov. 27.— During the
gale last night and this morning
thirty barges and schooners ly
ing in the harbor were wrecked
and sunk and at least twelve
lives were lost. The Wilson liner
Ohio is ashore on Spectacle Isl
and in the bay. No serious dam
age is reported.
NOVEL JAPANESE JOURNALISM.
The Kokumin Shimbun of Tokio, one of
the most public spirited and important
newspapers in Japan, has recently Intro
duced an interesting and novel feature
into its columns. It has always taken an
intelligent and thoughtful Interest in for
eign affairs, and among its other efforts
to promote a good understanding be
tween Japan and the rest of the world
has been the establishment of a high
class monthly review and magazine, writ
ten In English and called The Far East.
The proprietor, Mr. I. Tokutomi, has now
"incorporated the magazine, so to speak,
into the Kokumin Shimbun," in which an
"international department" has since the
beginning of September been inserted
dally for the benefit of foreign readers.
This department is written chiefly in
English, though articles are occasionally
published in other European tongues.
Perhaps the most striking feature of the
innovation is the Insertion of notes writ
ten In Japanese, but printed In the Ro
man characters. "This," cays the Koku
min Shimbun, "may possibly turn out to
be a step toward the general adoption of
Roman letters for writing our language—
an innovation certainly desirable from
various points of view, but attended by
very serious difficulties." The experi
ment will be watched with interest by all
who favor closer intercourse between the
Far East and the nations of the West.—
London Times.
READE'S ECCENTRIC ENGLISH.
Reade's use of the English language,
too, was eccentric, not to say ludicrous.
In "A Simpleton," when he wished to
signify that two people turned their backs
on each other in a tit of temper, he wrote,
"They showed napes." Describing the
complexion of the Newhaven lishwives in
"Christie Johnstone," he says: "It is a
race of women that the northern sun
peachitles instead of rosewoodizing." In
"Readiana" he describes a gentleman
giving a lunch to two ladles at a railway
restaurant as follows: "He souped them,
he tough-chickened them, he brandied
and cochinealed one. and he brandied and
burnt-sugared the other." (Brandy and
cochineal and brandy and burned sugar
being Reade's euphemisms for port and
sherry respectively.) While, he. was pre
paring his series of articles on Old Tes
tament characters he read what he had
written to John Coleman on one occasion
and came to this startling passage in his
'^Having now arrived at this conclusion
we must go the whole hog or none.'
Coleman objected to this phrase.
"You don't like tho hog. I see, said
Reade; "well, it's a strong figure of
speech and it's understands! of tru- peo
ple; but— yes, you are right; Its scarcely
Scriptural— so out it goes."— Gentleman s
Magazine.
HIS POWER OF ORGANIZATION.
London "M. A. P." vouches for this
ftory by General Kitchener of Omdurman
fame as true: More than a year ago, it
seems, he. being rather inefficiently nap
plied with the appliances and rolling:
stock necessary for his undertakings, the
Sirdar was anxious to get a telegraph
wtre from a certain post to another ten
miles further up the river, without delay.
He gave his orders and went his way.
Coming back he found the work at a
standstill, and his electrician and en
gineer complained that although they had
all the necessary wires, they had no
means or appliances for rolling them
along the ten miles to the next post.
The matter was very pressing. The
Sirdar knitted his brow and said. There
are these donkeys. I can give you don
keys." But that was no good. How was
the wire to be unrolled without a trolley,
truck or drum? Again the Sirdar stood
baffled, deep In Thought. Suddenly he
picked up a piece of loose canvas mat
ting and wrapped it around a donkey's
neck, then be seized the roll of wire and
passed it over the donkey's head, Ho
gave the animal a kick and off it can
tered, unwinding the wire as it went, for
the i>ther end was duly secured to the
ground! The Sirdar laughed. "You must
use the donkeys," he said*
A LADY CYCLISTS SOMERSAULT
An extraordinary accident has occurred
on the North Circular road, Dublin, to a
lady cyclist. Sho was passing alonp a
portion of the road where arrangements
for thp electric tramway system are being
completed. The wire was allowed to lie
slack upon the roadway. Suddenly as
she was crossing the wire it was drawn
taut, with the result that the lady and her
bicycle were flung high Into the air. Both
turned completely over, but fortunately
the lady landed on her feet, sunVriiip a
violent "shock, from which Bhe Is at pres
ent prostrated. The machine, which was
raised a considerable height, was com
pletely smashed.— Newcastle Daily Chron
icle.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Timp.)
SAX FRANCISCO, Nov. 27, 5 p. m.
The following are. the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in last 24 hours:
Past 24 This I^ast
Stations— Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.20 7.00 8.68
Sacramento Trace 1.56 2.74
Ked Hluff 0.00 1.53 4.13
Han Krancisco Trace 2.32 2.85
Fresno 0.00 1.48 1.41
San Luis Obispo 0.00 0.6G 0.33
Lob Angelts 0.00 0.11 2.43
San Diego 0.00 0.21 1.09
yuma 0.00 0.20 0.77
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
."4; minimum, 4C: mean, 00.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL,
]■' 'RK'WST.
A well-defined depreasloD is centra! near Van
couver Island. This has CMU»d light ruin dur
ing the past twpnty-four hours from San Praa
nisco northward. At present the pressure Is
rising slightly in Washington aixi failing at
Eureka. It Is too soon to determine whether
the slight fall in pressure at Eureka Is due
to the approach ol a low toward that place
from the ocean. Already the fall is rafflcient
to cause showers Monday in California north
of Ran Francisco.
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, November B, ISM:
Northern Californa— Partly cloudy Monday,
with ihowera in northwest portion; fresh
southeast to southwest wind.
Southern California — Fair Monday; fresh,
northwest wind. Q
Nevada- Local rnin, with snow on mountains
in north portion; partly cloudy in south por
tion Monday, cooler in north portion.
Utah— Cloudy Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Occasional show
ers Monday: brisk southeast to southwest wind.
W. II HAIOION, Forecast Official.
THE CALL" 3 CALENDAR.
November, 1898.
Mooa'a
I
Last Quarter,
*&- November 9
! j^ji New Moaa
W November 13.
Mirst Quarter,
Jy November 3u.
©Full Uoon.
KoremlMr It.
■
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States HydroKraphlo
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit ot
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Xavlg-atorß are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete setß of charts and sail
ing directions o* the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
light*, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball waa dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
In the mcrnlng papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, V. B. X., In charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Lrf>w
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mirsion-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28.
Pun rises : J :^
Sun sets •••• * :51
Moon rises 0:00 p. m.
0
p
a
28 ...
29 ...
30 ...
1 ...
2 ...
4 ...
1:11
1:58
2:41
3:22
4:28
4.3
4.3
4.4
4.4
4.4
4.7
4:29] 3.1
5:09 3.3
5:52 3.3
6:37 3.4
7:31 3.4!
9:39| 1.1
3.1
3.3
10:39 5.8 6:521—0.8
11:15 6.6 6:30!— 0.7
11 : r,2 5.4 7:08,-0.6
12:29 5.11 7:441—0.3
1:06 4.7! B:2 n 0.1
2:41 S.9J 9:87 0.8
Ft.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day the third time column the third tide
and the' last or right hand column Rives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides a.<* sometimes occur. The heights
riven aro addltlrns to the soundings on the
United Pt.ites Coast Survey /hart!., except
whrn a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and thrn the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference in the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Geo. W. Elder.. Portland -••"•;
Umatilla Ivirtoria & Puget Sound
Pomona Humboldt
Navarro Yaquina Bay
Arcata Coqb Bay
Leelanaw Seattle
Corona San Diego
San Bias Panama
Kuth jTlllamook Bay
South Portland. Portland
Pulton Portland
Weeott Yaquina Bay
Columbia Portland
Chas. Nelson... Seattle
Orizaba Newport
Ell Thompson.. Seattle
Washtenaw Tacoma *
Chllkat Humboldt
Alliance Portland
Empire Coos Bay
North Fork Humboldt
Santa Rosa San Diego ••■••••■•• :
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound
Hupeh China and Japan
Del Norte Crescent City
State Calif ornlaf Portland
Va,
Nov. 28
Nov. 28
Nov. 28
Nov. 28
Nov. 23
Nov. 28
Nov. 29
Nov. 29
Nov. 29
Nov. 30
Nov. 30
Nov. 30
Dec. 1
Dec. 1
Deo. 1
Dec. 1
Dec. 1
Dec. 1
Dec. 1
Dec. 2
Dec. 3
Dec. 3
Dec. 3
Dec. 3
Dec. 5
Dec. 6
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
ner.
City Sydney Panama Nov. 28, 12 m PMSS
Coos Bay... Newport Nov. 29. ? am, Pier 11
Coptic . .. China&Japan Nov. 29. Ipm PMSb
State of Cal Portland Nov. 10 am Pier 24
Cleveland . Pu«et Sound.. Nov. 29. 10 am.Her 2
Pomona .... iHumboldt .... Nov. 30. 2 pm Per 9
Mnnna Rvdney Nov. 30, 10 pm Pier 7
Ar^tt ::::: Coos Bay Nov. SO. 10 am Pier 13
Corona San Diego Dec. 1. 11 am Per 11
Weeott Yaquina Bay. Dec. 1. 10 am Pier 13
Umatilla .. Vie & Pgt Sd. Dec 2. 10 «™ « «
Orizaba ....Newport Dec. 3. 9 am Per 11
Columbia .. Portland Dec. 4. 10 am Pier 21
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, November 27.
Ptmr Mlneola, David, 88 hours tenTJcoM.
Btmr Bonlta, Nicolson. 45 hours from Re
d0 Stmr Cooß Bay, Glelow. 70 hours from New-
PO s r tmr nd G7p a>-.Pl^land.a >-. Pl^land. 32 hours from Moss
L^hr f-re" l TSde. I KrlcKson. 11 days from N*
halem River.
SAILED.
Sunday, November 27.
Stmr Chilkat. Anderson, Kureka.
Stmr Progreso, Ollboy, Seattle.
Mr National City, Dettmers. Grays Harbor.
Strnr Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria and
Stmr 'santaVosa, Alexander. Ean Dieeo.
Srnr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Uark Addenda, De Lano, Cape Town.
Bktn Gleaner, Spratnie. Columbia River.
Hchr Ocf-an Spray, Nyman. Iversens Landing.
Schr Sacramento. GruKßel, TlllamooK.
Pchr Aloha. Dabel, Honolulu.
Pchr Neptune. Estvold. Grays Harbor.
Kchr Bender Brothers. Wetiel, Bowens Land
ing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS-Nov 27. 10 p. m.-Weather
cloudy; wlna W; velocity 12 miles.
DISASTER.
STOCKTON Nov 21— The stmr T C Walker,
which oatlert from San Francisco la»t night.
wh"n off Mlark Slough, at 4:25 o'clock this
morning, the steam drum on top of boiler blew
up. killing the captain and chief en^-neer and
one other, and injuring fourteen others. The
stmr Dauntless came alongside and brought
the dead and injured here.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 27— Stmr City of
Topeka, from I>yea.
pi RT LOS ANiiELES- Arrived Nov 27— Stmr
fUcatras; itmr Whitesboro, from Point Arena.
i n.YMPIA -Arrived Nov 27— Schr Ethel
Znne. trim Hi.nolulu.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov Xl— Schr Jessie Mi
nn- fr<.ni HonohllUJ schr Mary Dodge, hence
Nov IT- fOir Furtunß, hence Nov 21: schr Ma
1..-1 ''.ray, from Newport; schr Sparrow, hence
Nov 21. " ,
Ba led Nov 27— Stmr Pomona and pchr Mary
Buhne, for Pan Francisco; ijktn Uncle John,
-'n Pedro; stmr Westport.
PORT OAMBl*B— Sailed Nov 27— Schr Falcon.
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE Sailed Nov 27— Stmr Excelsior.
for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Nov 26 — Stmr 6e
guola, from Port I-ow Angeles.
SAN fKl>H<> Arrived Nov 27— Stmr South
Coast, frt m Eureka.
Sailed Nov 27— Schr Glen, for Coos Bay.
CASPAR— SaiIed Nov 27— Schr Abhie, for San
Pedro
EVERETT— SaiIed Nov 27— Schr Sailor Boy,
for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 27— Stmr La
Touraine, from Havre.
Sailed Nov 27— Stmr Luoanla, for Liverpool;
Btmi ManitOU, for London: stmr La Norman
dle for Havre; stmr Bpaarndam, for Rotter
dam stmr Patrla. for Hamburg; gtmr Rotter
dam, for Rotterdam.
QI'EENSTOWN— SaiIed Nov 27— Stmr Cam
pania, from Liverpool for New York.
/^%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,.
JUxnJrci *>2/> KEABKT ST. Established
HF*f"TEJ»In 1854 for the treatment of I'rivato
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,.
(VJ.'t UFA It* VST .Established
in 1554 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Muu hood. Debility or
illsoast* wearing on body mind and
2rar ßtii&Slf'a Skin Diseases. The doctor cures
iSfeiVf^iWothei-sfall. Try htm. Charges low
iHBf TirHrTl I inrksuar:inirril. Callorwrite,
a>r. .1 . £'. UIBBO.V Box 15»37 . Frauclaca
He has now in his charge one of the largest stationary engines in the manafacrurfn*
dlntrict of Kensington, and for more than fifteen years was one of the most trusted
engineers in the employ of the Reading Railroad Company. Speaking of RIPANS
TUBULES, he said: "The lives of thousands of people often depend upon. the
single hand of an engineer. The man at the throttle is responsible for the safety of
every sonl aboard the train. He must have a steady hand and a clear eye. But en-
gineers like alt other human beings, are subject to ills and more than once RIPANS
TABUJLES have helped me along when, without them, I must have failed in my duty.
"As an engineer I have been on duty at all hours of the day and night," said this
man who, by the way, is named John GjlHece and lives at No. 2054 East Somerset
Street in Philadelphia, "and sometimes have had to snatch my meals with scarcely a
moment's interval of rest. Consequently I haTe at times suffered intensely from
nervous dyspepsia and poor digestion. The only thing I ever found that would
relieve me thoroughly and quickly was a RIPANS TABULE and I still take one
when 1 feel the need of a stomach stimulant, Ido not know of anything that could
take their place."
a mtt tttle racket containing in tabctjm la » p»po» carton (without glass) is now for sale attorn* drwr
■torr^-SoßttrrfcMrrt. This iow-prt»diiArtfa intended for the poor and EUb ecocomtcoi. One down «ftE5
S^Sortoirtlna (Uo a*ml»o can had by mail by^nding fortnight p«ut» to Uia Rnr Cjcddom. Cto»
. ■ /^^*^ *" C
Auction Sales
GREATEST AUCTION SALE
fcptS — op— .^^
Thoroughbred Race Horses
EVER OFFERED,
Consisting of a consiKnment of EIGHTEEN
YEARLINGS
From RANCHO DEL SIERRA, W'ashoe, Nev..
PROPERTY OF THEO. WINTERS. ESQ.
Sons and daughters of the unbeaten Ei Rio
Rey and Rey del Sierras, out of the matrons
that have made this farm famous.
I shall also sell all the
HORSES IN TRAINING
Owned by R. HUGHES, ESQ., who Is retiring
from bUßiness on account of ill health. Among
those offered will be the
GREATEST TWO-YEAR-OLD IN CALIFOR-
NIA.
MODWENA,
Also the frequent winners.
JENNIE REID, ANN PAGE, HANNAH REID,
ST. MAGDALEN and a elster in
blood to Di^gs.
Also to be sold,
A three-year-old untried half-brother to the
racing queen. MARY BLACK.
Horses may be Been at yard. Catalogues
ready.
Sale will take place
MONDAY EVENING, November 28,
At the
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721 HOWARD STREET.
Near Third. San Francisco.
WM. G. LAYNG, Auctioneer.
ED LOWRY, Auctioneer. -- -
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
AT
OCCIDENTAL HORSE MARKET,
721 HOWARD STREET, V.
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 11 a. m.
. Per Order of J. R. WILSON, ESQ.
We will sell 60 young, well-broken horses,
from 1100 to 1700 pounds; Shetland ponies; fine
matched black team, weight 2400 pounds; aIBO
buggies, carts, harness, etc. Sale positive.
Stables for sale or lease.
WM. G. LAYNG,
Livestock Auctioneer.
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI*.
WEEK DATS— 7:2O. 9:00, 11.00 a. m. 12:J8,
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:34
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 13:45,
8:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
I:SS and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 8:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:40,
6:00. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave ■ • ■ Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 16, '
Week Sun- 1898. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. da.,4. Days.
7:3oam 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am B:4oam
B:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:25 am
6:lopm s:oUpm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:22 pm
Fulton, i"<;
7 JO am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg.
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
B:3opm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:B6pm 6:23pm
Hopland and
7:Boam 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:22pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
1:80 pm « pm
7 -80 am 8:00 Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
and
6:lopm 6:oopm Glen Ellen. 8:10pm 6:22pm
! T:3oam 8:00 am Sebastcpol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pm 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
(Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs^ Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
■ Springs; Upper Lake. Porno, Potter \ alley,
John Day" s. Riverside, Llerley's. Bueknell's,
Banhedrln Heights, Hullvllle, Booneville, Orr"s
Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal, Willitts, Laytonvlllff, Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
I Scotia and Eureka. 1,-.'*
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
I reduced rates.
i On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
i beyond San Rafael at half rates.
' Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bld«.
i H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS^-»7:20. •9:30. 11:00 a. m.; "1:46,
8:45, 6:15, *i:W, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *ZM, nO:00, »ll:30 a. m.; *1:15,
8:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. »6:35, 7:45. »9:30 a. m.;
•12:20, 2:20, *3:45. 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
; and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. •8:00, »10:00, »U:55 a. m,;
•1:16, *3:10, 4:40, »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
' FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:4S, 6:45, 7:55, 9:40 a. m. ;
' 12:35. 2:45. 3:60. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
; SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m. ; 12:05. 1:20, 3:80,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills • and way
stations.
, 1:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta' a. :
£* £* fe .' •
SIXTH ANNUAL SALE !
THOROUGHBRED
--YEARLINGS-—
FROM
PALO ALTO STOCK FARM,
"- : *'vV:- To Be Sold at ' . . '"
PUBLIC AUCTION
TUESDAY, "NovT29th, 1898,
Commencing: at 7:30 p. m., by Electric Light.
at ' . •
SALESYARD. COR. VAN NESS AYE. AND ' .
MAR-KET ST. •
Horses will arrive fro-m stock farm Saturday,
..:.*•. ■ November 27. ' . . «ir-»:
' KILLIP CO., Livestock Auctioneers,
11 MONTGOMERY STREET, Ban Frmcisoo, C»I. .
SALOON, STOCIUiid FIXTURES.
THIS DAY (MONDAY), at 11 a. m..'
1905 MISSION ST., NEAR FIFTEENTH.
FRANK W. BUTTERFTELP, 602 Market Bt.
BAILEOAJ) TBAVBL.
Tiir.RM r a vine cohpaht.
(FAOirlO HTSTBM.)
Trnlu Ivarc nu«i nrt duo lo *rrl*e at •
MAN FKAM€IM:O. ; • • * .
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) r .
csa ve — Fbom Not. 3, 1898. — Axnrr»
•8:OOa Niles, Saa Jose and Stations... *S:4»A
7:00 a Benicia, Sulsun and Sacramento. . . . 19:43 a -
7:OOa Miirysville, OrorUle Reddiug via
Woodland ;. St43r
7:OOa. Elmira. VacaTUle and Bumsey Bj46*
7:30 a Martinez, Hau Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
CaUatoga ami Santa Rosa :. Si ISr
8:OOa Atlantic l£ii>re«e, Ogdsn and East.. ' Si43r
SiSUa Sau Jose, .Stockton. Valley Spring, .:' :.'- . '
love, Sacramento, MarjravMle, ' '
Chioo, Tehama and tto<l 81uff.... -4ilBp '
SiSOa Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown.. T»»*r ' .
•*:»Oa Milton •7ilBp -.
•:O«a Martinee, Tracy, Lathrop, Heioed ' •_-
Fresno 4.- 1»:W*.
•iOOa Fresiiu, HakenUrM. Santa Barbara, . "-
Los Angeles, Daniiug, El Paso, - •
New Orleans and East Oi49]>
Fresno, Mendota, Tracy and. Maj. " • • ■ ■ ; •■ . -
tlnez '. v..;..» ' St4Br '.
i 1O:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stattona 7i45p - .
i *l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamrrs :... "HiOWr
l:O»r Nilea. San Jose and Way Stations ... 11:43 a
San Jose, Nilm and Way StaUons... J»il»A
' *:OOp Nil eg, Tracy, Mendota, Hanford and . ' - ■
Viaalla.... .4tl8»:
i.LlTerraore, San Joee, NUee and Way . - .
Stations tW*M*
4t*op Martinez, Han Ramon, Vallejo. - ':•■'
Napa, Calistoga, El Verano and. '
Hunta ]ti»t , »»4»*
4i«»r Benicia. VacaTiUe, Woodland.
.' Knights Landing, MaryuTille, Oro- : ._".
TlUe aud Hacrainento ■•t«A
4iB«p Haywarda, Nlles and San Jose 7i4«a
Ot#4»r Martinez, Traoy. Mendota, Fresno, . . "• .
Mujare, Santa Barbara and Los . ' *
Angeles »I4»A
ai««p Sauta Ku Route. Atlautio Kxpreiw . •_
for Mojave and Kant ; •:*»*
ISiOOr "Paclnc Coast Lbnited," Xl Pwo, .
Fort Worth, LliUe Rook, 8». ¥
Loula, Chicago and East B«j4B*
Bi3Of Nlles, San Jofie. Tracy.. Lathrop, . - -.■
- ■ " - Meroed and Freeno ••• •■•■'■••
8«»0p Stockton , l«il»F '
cuoup Kuropean Mail, Ogdeu and Uaak.... »'|'2* ■ .
••t«O? Vallejo 1*«18* "
t?i«Op Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta- • ' ' •. •
tions! :, J»i43»
B<oor Oregon Baeraineuto. Marys- ° . .'
vilie. RetUlug, Portland. ' l'uget * -
_ Hound and Kaat gilßy
SAJi LKA.MiUO AM) HAYWABBS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) ' .
1 lltlroxe. Spiuiiiary Furk, f ■ . ..,
**■?*' S»> l^an.iro,Soi.thSa« -^si
112-oom ' Lorenio, (herry ■ ti:43*
U:OOp „ *»<» ; |t:4.Tr •
3:OOp Harwurdx. • - ' - (3i43p •
7iOOp i Rons through to Nile*. ■ ■ 7<43* ■ -
j j t From Nlles. j. ■ -."
\ COAST 1)1 VISION (Narrorr Ga«&e). ; . '
(Foot of Market Street.) • ;.' • . .
• SilSa Newark. Centerrille.San Jose, Felton, •' " .
Boulder Creek.Santa Oruz and Way - ... • • .•
SUtiona 8lS»»- ..•
•Silßp Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New . '.- .: .
Almadeo, Feltou, Boalder Creek, '■'.•..
Santa Cruz and Principal Way . • '-•
StaUoos •WtOO* . •
4ilBp Newark, San Joee and Loa Gatos.. . 9i99x- ' "
tlli43pHnntera' Ezconion, San Jose and . •' ' " ■•'
! Way SUtions.. %T'-**± ■
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
froa mKOISGO— PMt »f H*rk*t Street (Slip I)— ■ .-.° " '".
•7:16 9:00 11:00*. tl:00 *J:00 -• 13:01
•4:00 tS:CO •6:00 p.«. - - '■ ••; :' .
frtmeilUlD— Foot tfßroadwij.— *6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m. ,
tl2:00 *l:00 t2:00 •3:00 tt.DO "a.-QQg.M,-. '.
COAST DIVISION (Uroadtiaage). . . •
(Third and Tow nsend Sta.) • '..- -
7:OOa Hau Joee and Way IjUtluus (New "'■' • : '
Almodeu Wednesdays only).. liSOa '
»i««a Sau Jose, Trea Pinos, Hauta Cf uz, • . •• ". ijl^^
Pacific GroTe, Paao Rubles. Haa • - .. •
Luis Oblspo. Ouadalupe, Surf Mid -.
Principal Way Station* .......... 4:I0» "
1 «t4OA San Jose aud Way Stations •BK>Oj . ■ ■'
11:30 a San Joee ami Way Stations. :.' litti ..
•a!43r Sau Mateo, Kedwood, Menlo Park, - . ". ■ ' ' "
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Joee, '
j Oilroy. Hollister, Santa Cruz, - . • •- .
* Salioas, Monterey and PaoiflO' ' ■'.-
Orore ;...'. HOiSf ;.•.
•3:30r flan Jose and Way 5tati0n5.....;....- *9:0O« ' '
*4:13r Han Joseaud Principal Way Stations 9:43.r
■3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way StaUons .6iB3i- - • •■•
5:3»p San Jose and Principal Way Statkms oiBo| • '
«::iOp San Joseand Way Stations...:.-.... 7:8U( • •
<11;43r San Jcocand Way 5tati0u5. ........ 7:»0l " .
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. •/•*. ' ;'
•fhuiilayi exeepted. t Sundays only, t Saturdays only -. . •
ami Thursdays. ISatardays WedceedaF^
" . ' . • - . * : ,
Cafiifornia
Limited
Santa re Route
Connectingr Train Loaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY.
TUESDAY. FRIDAY. , .
Arrives in Chicago at 8:15 A.M. the •
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at l:3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday. jjffTff •.".:'•;.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car. .
This Train Is In Addition to the Daily
Overland Express. fr^B
SAN FRANCISCO TICKETOFTiCE- — IZI MARKET ST,
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway. . . ' .
Sacramento Office — 201 J Street. '
San Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Clara St -
THE SAN FRANCISCO. AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10, 1898, trains will run aa follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. . Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
B:2oam 10:30 am Stockton 3:45pm 8:50pn»
10:10 am 2:ospm Merced 12:*0pni 4:03 pm
11:40 am s:3opm Fresno 9:3oam 2:32pm
12:3Spm 7:45pm ■ Hanford 7:45 am 1.35pm
3:20 pm 12:30 am ISakersfleld 2:30 am 11:25 am
12:&8pm] B:6opm Vlsalla- 6:4oam l:lspru
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats ot
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco at 6 p. ■m. daily,
excepting Sunday, and Stockton at 6 p. m.
dally. • "'
For stage connections see of flclal ' time tabU
or Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Mar-
tet street. San Francisco. __^
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday.
Sept. 11, 1898:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. 11. • •
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents, 621 Market
street. San Francisco.
tt^sflßß^feh&MsT P!sr •* Is * non-rofunriTSj,
*£4BE&f& al^£iM remedy for Gonorrhoea,
Olpet, Spermatorrhoea,
EgSfW la l tosd»Ti.^3 Whites, unnatural dls-
MmaM oc*r»nutJ V charges, or any intlamraa-
■%■ not to Btriotore. tion, irritation or nlcera- '
J»—^frtfenn conuglon. tion of mucous mem-
fTJITHEEVANS CHEMIRUOp. branes. Non-a«tringent.
■NCH.XATi.3 WSk S ° ld br »ra slat»,
<XBjjSV -XJ.B.A 0T SODt ' n aln wrapper,
''ttfflk :^FH «^Oo! XX o P r"3 8 propaid, tot
tl-00, or 3 boltlo*, »i.TS.
'V^^bJjßbvv • CUqbiu Mat ua w*aw*-
78
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
EVIDENTLY A
JOKER HIDDEN
SOMEWHERE
Council in a Hurry to
Make a Big Deal.
SELLING CITY PROPERTY
THE INDECENT HASTE HAS
AROUSED SUSPICION.
Three Cities Are Anxiously Awaiting
the Unraveling- of the Tangle
of the Syndicate Street-
Car System.
'•■.•Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call.
.'• :'/■ ■' :■; 908 Broadway, Nov. 27.
A icheme : involving a. million dollars.
nd a Council on. the eve of going out of
office, together .form the most important
Incident •interesting the people of Oak
land a 1 this time. The *ale of the City
Hall Bite is a big proposition. It is one
that should noit be acted upon hasUly, and
certainly ono thnt should not be deter
mined without first ascertaining the
opinion of the public. . >
Director.. Sohst of the Merchants 3-^x
change may be-wrong when he estimates
the value of the site at a million dollars.
Councilman Woodward may be wrong
when he estimates it at $613,000. The syn
dicate of which the Mayor speaks may be
wrong in estimating that $600,000 would
be a fair price. ; But there are other facts
connected" with the scheme directly and
indirectly about which there Is no doabt.
It is true that Oakland needs an ade
nuate and modern City Hail. It is true
that the city needs a large public park.
It is true that this Council will go out < f
office next spring, and equally true that
a great portion of it will not succeed it
self. Nor i 3 it any less true, as Mr. Cu
vellier said last night, that somehow or
other there is a very apparent feeling ol
distrust on the part of the public toward
the present City Council which is not al
together unnatural or surprising. It is
too late now for this Council to try. by
three months of death-bed Tepentance, to
blind the i-.uhlle to the acts of the past
twenty months.
It cannot be denied that this Council as
a financier Is a huge failure. In its ar
rangement of water rate schedules, even
•with the assistance given the author of
the schedule by the president of one of i
the water companies, the figures were so
thoroughly unjust to the public that they
have not yet been enforced, although they
became a law last March and could have
been legally enforced since last July. ;
These rates were declared by six members
of the Council to be just and equitable,
and Mr. Woodward said that, having
studied the water question for many
years ho knew what, he was talking !
about. idently the • water companies,
who certainly, if they did not suggest the
appointment of Mr. Woodward .were
heartily in favor of him, did not suffi
ciently respect • these expert ideas on
water rates to- carry them out. or else,
which la perhaps truer, they feared pub
lic opinion. • . . ... '".
UlnU In any -event this experience with the j
Council is not such as to invite public
confidence in a maiter where a sum
in the neighborhood of a million is in- i
volved If such a sch«me were proposed
irt the close of an administration in San
Francisco it would bo at once denounced
as "a final clean-up," but in Oakland
things are given .different names, although
they smell no sweeter. . _
Councilman Cuvellier, who is personally
opposed to the sale of the City Hall site,
declares that the proper way to decide the
matter is to submit it to the people at the
next city -election, whitih is only three
months away.. It would not cost a cent
to do this/ and would, be the practical
method of solving the question. Oakland j
will not suffer through not having a new !
City Hall for three months, and if all Is
not" straight she will not suffer by waiting i
as many years. In any event the propo
sition •is one - that should be carefully
watched during' its successive stages by
every tax payer and voter in this city.
• Tne 'following extract from the report of
the ■ Merchants' Exchange Committee is ■
worth studying.
Your committee would also draw your at- j
tention to the fact that the City Hall lot
■which the. city officials are rf-ady to sell for
$r>oo,o<\>. is worth over $1,000,000. With Wash-;
ireton -sirfet cut thr^ucrh, the frontage on that i
street alone : wlll 'be worth $750,000. If a syndi
cate should buy If for $600,000 they could then
ask the city of the people on Washington streft
to pay '$100,000 to <,pf>n the street. Busi- I
r,(-Fs .win be ■ strictly business then, for the ,
prosj?ectlVe value of th;u property if $1250 i» r
front -foot;' eighty feet on Fourteenth street
and eighty f.eet on Fifteenth street. One hun
dred and sixty- feet running at the above rate
w!!l mak-e $200,000. . Half of that will therefore
h" a very -reasonable alloAvan^e. Are the peo- i
ple on Washington -street ready to put up that j
amount?' • .
Your eommKtee hopes that the people of |
Oakland will not allow the City Council to sell
& $20 gold piece for $io. .
The West Oakland Improvement Club has j
expressed Itself on the subject. It will be a I
shame- if history should repeat itself and Oak
land should be served the s^/ne way as San j
Francisco was disgraced to all future genera- !
tions by their authorities in disposing of the
front portion of their City Hall lots.
If you want to make a San Franciscan
blush -ask him'-why he allowed that shameful
act to be perpetrated. So will the people of
Oakland blush In future years if the City
Council carries out its intention.
The man who will be appointed to the
general management of the street car line
syndicate of .this city will have' a tnsk not
to he envied. The situation is Interesting:.
Until a .year ago there were half a dozen
systems. Individually managed, and in
many Instances running parallel to each
other. •■ Competition was so keen that cars
ran as fast as they could- get out of each
oth-er's 'way. The result was that one af-.
ter another the lines were bankrupted and
receivers were appointed. In other words,
the public was receiving a better service
than it paid for.
Then came the syndicate. It acquired
all the roads and proceeded to formulate
one complete system that would pay. Of
course this could only be done by strict
economy, arid economy meant Iphs cars
and no parallel lines. This of course re
sulted in long waits, more crowding and
fewer connections at transfer points— in
fact, everybody in Oakland. Alameda and
Berkeley well knows what it meant. At
present all vis chaos, but through it all
there is a prospect that the pood old times
of a year agro may he revived.
• ■ STUART W. BOOTH.
THE INSANITY OF
A YOUNG SOLDIER
BOBERT ALLEN CHOKES HIS
AGED FATHEB.
Lost His Reason at Manila and Was
Out on Parole From Stockton
Asylum.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
*X) 3 Broadway. Nov. 27.
Robert Allen. af?od 23 years, was arrest
ed in East Oakland to-day for insanity.
He will be detained at the Receiving Hos
pital awaiting the arrival of authorities
from the intane asylum at Stockton, from
which institution he had heen released on
parole about a month ago.
Allen's case is sad. He was amonß the
first to go to the front in defense of his
country. Tie became insane at Manila and
Vas brought back on the Australia some
time, ago. From San Francipco he was
♦ommltted to the Stockton Asylum. The
had intended to commit him to
the asylum at Washington. D. C, but it
was feared he might succumb en route.
About a month ago his father secured
his release from the Stockton asylum on
parole, and his time expires to-morrow.
For a time Allen's reason seemed to be
regaining its former equilibrium but this
morning he became violent. He -was under
the constant care of his aged father at
their home in the AJlendale tract near
Fruitvale, and when the son awoke to-day
ho choked his father, who was n bed.
Later he stopped inio a cigar store in East
Oakland and calling for a smoke a box
was exhibited, when he grabbed a hand
ful of cigars and crushing them in his
hands strewed the mess on the floor. Then
he Stepped behind the counter and started
to clean out the place, when Constable
Jack Robinson placed him under arrest.
Allen will probably be returned to Stock
ton Borne timo to-morrow.
WILL DEMAND RECOGNITION.
Alameda Wants a Vorifc© in the Man
agement of Oakland Harbor.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 27.— ■ The merchants
and business men of Alameda are taking
a lively Interest in the improvement of
the water front as proposed by the Im
provement Syndicate. The pro.joct will be
a.ffectert to a great extent by the Oak
land harbor bill, which will he introduced
at the next session of the Legislature by
>r Leavitt of Oakland. It proposes
to place the State in control of tho har
bor and provides for the appointment of
a i)Oara of three Harbor Cwmnxissioners.
In the event of the bill beoomiiig a law
Alameda will claim that one of the Com
missioners be selected from here. This
matter has born discussed by the Board
of City Trustees, it was brought to the
attention of the members by Oity Clerk
Lamborn, who urged thai City Attorney
B X Taylor, Pt;itt- Senator-ehect from
this district, be instructed to right against
the harbor bill unless provision Is made to
recognize Alameda's claim to representa
tion on th/e commission. No action was
taken, !>ut it is likely some order will be
made when the board holds its next ses-
The Court's Dignity Exempted.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 27.— The curtain will
be rung down jiext Saturday in the com
edy in which Justice I). T. Hard Is play-.
ing a star part. A cruel Constable has
nung a big sign in front of his honor's
i ourtro.im announcing that on that nay
he will sell at public auction all the court
possesses hut its dignity. Justice Hard's
paraphernalia was attached a few days
after the election, in whioh he was men
tioned a^ among those who "also ran."
The suit was brought by ex-Justice G. A.
Swasey, whom Hard succeeded in office
' when Swasey resigned. An action for
'l;un;.ges has grown o*it of the suit.
It is based on the ;*ict that the Constable
placed his lock on the courthouse door
when he levied the attachment. The case
has agitated all Alameda.
Stoddard Will Not Surrender.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 27.— T. C. Stiwldard
and his friends have not entirely given up
the idea of contesting the election of
County Clerk Jordan. Tt is more than
likely "that a recount will be demainded.
A meeting of his friends was hold this
afternoon to discuss the matter. A ma
jority favored a recount They claim they
have enough information to warrant such
proceedings. Several promdnent attor
neys have volunteered their services to
conduct the matter in court.
Injured by a Vicious Horse.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 27.— Harry Widgeon
was seriously injured last night by a
vicious horse. He was in the animal's
stall scattering straw flor its bedding
when it kicked him in th«e abdomen. The
force of the kick threw the young man
fully ten feet. He was found in an un
conscious condition some time after. Phy
sicians were summoned and pronounced
his injuries serious. Although his con
dition is critical he is restng easily to-
day.
Funeral of B. F. Fletter.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 27.— The funeral of the
late Benjamin F. Fletter was held this
afternoon. The services were held at
Masonic Temple under the auspices of
Live Oak Lodge, F. and A. M.. of which
deceased was a member. Following the
Masonic ceremonies Rev. W. W. Scudder
made an address. The pallbearers were
Judge John Ellsworth. C. EL Wever. Mr.
Crooks. James B. Barber. James L. Field,
E. B. Dunning and James Millington.
QUINN PREPARED
TO ENFORCE LAW
WILL HAVE A COURTROOM IN
BERKELEY.
The Newly Elected Justice Intends to
Uphold the Municipal Ordinances
of the University Town.
BERKELEY, Nov. 27.— Berkeley is now
in a fa\ r way to have law and order en
forced within its limits.
It is understood that James P. Qulnn. |
the newly elected Justice of Oakland j
Township, has agreed to arrange the j
work of his office so as to give the unl- j
versity town a firm and efficient admin- .
istratlon of the law. To this end he in- j
tends to summon a Berkeley jury for all
cases originating within this district, and.
if possible, to have them tried within a
Berkeley courtroom. The extra expense
involved, and the incidents of rent, law
books, etc.. will be borne by the city.
Town Attorney Brenton H. Hayne said:
"If Justice Qulnn really intends to do this
it means that the problem of a court for
Berkeley is settled without further dim- j
culty. There will be no further need of
troubling about a Police Judge or the ex- |
pense of more special elections, for this !
practically provides us with all we have I
asked for.
"As it is now our municipal ordinances j
are more or less of a dead letter, since i
we have no means of enforcing them. The i
question of a local police court with a I
Police Judge involves quite an Item of
expense — too great, In fact, for the present
state of our ilnances. But a jury drawn
from the town overcomes ail that diffi
culty and places us within effective reach
of the machinery of justice, which has
been so noticeably lacking."
MARKSMEN AT THE
SHELL MOUND RANGES
', JOHN LANKENAU MAKES THE
BEST BTJLLSEYE SHOT.
! Good Scores Mads by Members of the
Various Clubs in Monthly
Medal Shoots.
There was a goodly attendance at the
She!! Mound ranges yesterday afternoon,
and as a 'consequence the targets were
well peppered. The day was remarkably
fine for shooting and some excellent
scores were made. The hest biillsr-ye shot
of the day was that made by J. Lankenau,
who scored 2SVfe. The scores in detail of
the various clubs were as follows:
Monthly medal shoot or the Norddeutscher
SrhuptZ'-n Club: Champion class, not flllpd;
rirst claps. F. Koch. 414; second class, William
F. Garms. 371; third class, D. Schlnkel (final),
376; fourth class, Herman Wunxter, 209; best
Hrst shot. J. Lankenau, 2 '• best last shot, F.
p. Schuster, 23.
(Jermania Sehuetzen Vereln monthly bulls
rye shoot: H. Btettln 178, John Gefken 339.
John De Witt JS4, J. P. Bridges 414. John
I,'tschlg 416, H. Jungblut 44«. Charles Thier
bacfa -"::c Edward CJoetze 552, IT. Zecher  cr..
H h-tellinß (>"4, I). Salfl»-I<] 7P4. N. Ahrens 741,
D B. Falctor M 5, L. Haake 782.
Pan Francisco Schuetzen \>rpin monthly
bullseye shoot: John Lankenau 2s'-, ,
I>avia Ba:fleld 183, Charles Thlev
buch 2'>6, Otto Burmoister - 355, F.
Pape 470, John Utsohlg: 477, L. Bendel 490, Nick
Alirfns 400. Oc-orge H. iiahrs 54fi C. F. Rust
554 F. Koch 604, L. Ritiau 7!>B. John Gefken
S3o' - H Ptettln 919. Otto I^emke 550, E. H.
Go«tze 954, H. Stelling lui»M>. F. Brandt 1075,
A. H. Pope 1"'»7. F. P. Schuster 1154.
lied Men Schuetzen Company In monthly
mf-dai Champion clafis, J. Tied»man,
39C; first class, E. Bchierbauio, 412; second
clesa W. Dresler. 3SB; third class, G. Heuer,
KiS; fourth class, H. Orleb, 390; rlrst best shot,
H. Orieb, 23: last best shot, H. Grieb, 25.
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club, all comers
rifle medal— A. H. Pape, 39, 47. 49; D. W. Mc-
Laiifrblln. 45, 48. 48; F. E. Mason, C 7; F. O.
Young, 57.
Members' rifle medal— J. E. Gorman, 66: W.
A. Ballard, '.'2; E. W. Noor, 113; M. J. White,
135. . '
Bushnell military rifle medal— O. Tounar,
48; J. E. Gorman, 46.
Pistol, 50 yards, Columbia target. 10 shot
scores, Siebe pistol medal — O. Young, 43;
J. V. Cosgrave, 46, 47, 49, 60; G. M. Barley,
4G. 49, 55.
Small rifle and Roos trophy for ladles— E.
Jacobean, 18, ID, 21, 22, 22; Mrs. C. F. Wal
tbam. 24, 28. •„. .
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, KOVEItfBER 28, 1898.
DOCTORS NOW
INTERESTED IN
POLITICAL PIE
Supervisors to Show
Gratitude.
A MIX-UP OF INTERESTS
DR. ST-RATTON'S CHANCES ARE
ABOUT EQUAL.
Coroner-Elect Mehraiann May Decide
to Change the Location of the
Morgue — New Deal
Planned.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, |
908 Broadway, Nov. 27.
The patronage at the disposal of the |
Board of Supervisors is now uppermost In
the minds of those who make a business
of polities. There will be a reorganization
of the board after the first meeting: of the
year, and tills means a redistribution of
the patronage.
The board has the appointment of phy
sicians to the County Hospital. Receiving]
Hospital and County Jail, besides all the
assistants, and all the janitors, watch
men, gardeners and engineers at the coun
ty buildings. The medical patronage is of
the greatest interest at this time. Dr.
9t rat ton, brother of the Senator, is in
charge of the Receiving Hospital, Dr. Por
ter of the County Jail, and Dr. Clarke of I
the County Infirmary.
It is acknowledged on all sides that Ala
meda deserves something from Supervis
ors Church and Talcott, for it was in Ala
meda that both these men received the |
majorities that elected them. It is known |
that Talcott favors Dr. C. L. Tisdaie, an
active Republican of the Encinal. Church \
has no man for this place, but although i
he favors Stratton, he might have to vote
for Tisdaie to save his other patronage.
Dr. Stratton was originally Supervisor
Roeth's choice, but it is now said that
Roeth would like to see Dr. Hainlin ap
pointed to the hospital. Church would also
like to see Dr. Porter promoted from the I
jail to the Receiving Hospital. Supervisor j
Mitchell is non-committal and his prefer- i
ence, if he has any, is In doubt. He is •
apparently anxious to stand in with Sen- i
ator Stratton to hold the incumbent. Both j
Mitchell and Stratton's terms expire two ;
years hence. Supervisor Wells is also un- I
derstood not to be opposed to Dr. Strat- '
ton.
So far nothing has been said or done in
regard to the County Infirmary, and Dr.
Clarke may be retained. H<- Is strongly in
favor with Supervisor Church.
There were also whisperings that in the
new combination Roeth may be left out
entirely. Mitchell, Church and Talcott
are the Republican majority, and Wells
has a son whom it is said is anxious fur a
job. But for a complication it is probable
that young Weils would have been ap
pointed special watchman of the treasury
during tax-collecting time. Should Wells
enter the deal with the Republicans, his
son will be placed.
Steward Tobin of the Receiving Hospi
tal may be the next Deputy Coroner, It is
given out that Coroner-elect Dr. Biehr
mann may change the location of the
Morgue. When asked about it this even
ing the doctor sai-i :
"There are all kinds of wild stories fly
ing around, but it is a fact that I have not
yet decided where the Morgue shall be.
I have made no promises and no one can
tell what I shall ultimately decide on. for
I cannot tell myself."
It will not be a surprise if the Morgue
be located with McCarthy & Co.. although
it was understood before election that it
would remain with Albert Brown.
There is a new deal being- arranged all
around, and there will undobutedly be
some big surprises.
RACING AT THE
TRACK OVER THE BAY
THE CADMUS SELLINQ STAKE
THE SWELL FEATURE.
Hugh Penny Will Meet Some Fast
Ones — Judge Carter Not For
gotten by Eastern Friends.
Turf followers will cross the bay again
to-day, the California Jockey Club again
controlling the racing situation. Six
events are down for decision, and the card
presented is above the average. The Cad
mus selling stake, in which La Goleta,
Torsida. Recreation. Moringa and Inver
ary II will try conclusions, is the feature
of the programme.
Hugh K. Keough. now writing on the
New Orleans Item, wires an acquaintance
in this city that a movement is on foot to
erect a monument to the memory of John
J. Carter, who lost his life in the Baldwin
Hotel fire.
The death of Adelbert Shirland. the
jockey who was injured in a race at
Nashville, Term., some days ago, is to
be regretted. With the money he earned
the lad had purchased his mother and sis
ter a home, and as his kind are scarce the
! turf can ill afford to lose them.
The entries for this afternoon's running
' are as follows:
First Race-Six furlongs; selling:
Ricardo 107 US Alicia 102
... Cardwell HO ... Midas 110
i 24.' Sweet William. .lo;") ...Credo 102
! 182 Pa* Murphy 102 209 Hr-lnu delj Ang.lo3
i Hamster 102j<lR3>H* Happy 102
I 200 Lk>n Luis '-<? 262 Blips Rucker . . . .100
19S Howard 102 1 194 Little Slater ...lU2
Second Race— Futurity course; all ages:
('•■(2) Etta H I" 9 ...Colonial Damp. .104
" sly 109 202 Highland Ha 11 ..107
2<T, Hugh Penny. ...109 ... May W 109
123 Gracias 104 i (266) Miss Howena...lH
Third Race— One and a sixteenth miles; pell-
Ing:
26fi Imperious 87 1 239 Dr. Berr.aj-s $7
191 Sh.-ista Water.. .lo7 (250>Pongo 95
"71 Yankee D00d1e. .105 ... Mo. Pryor 104
Myth 96 263 Uernardlllo 104
23Kruna 96 (196)Tenrioa 98
263 Honumela 104 1
Fourth Tlaee—One mile; three-year-olds; Cad
mus polling stakes:
- (2i:,)La Oo'.eta 105;(lM)Morlnga 103
[ ... Torslda 107 266 Inverary II 97
j ISO Recreation 1041
Fifth Race -One and an eighth miles; three
jrear-oldfl ami upward:
(24«)MorellltO 103; 2.'S Storm King 107
(aoi)Napamax 100 (2S2)Buckwa iod
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; selling:
22S Our Climate 1071 260 Pat Morrissey..llo
55 Ootobed 105 j IR7 Rnadwarmer ...101
172 Home Make 102 2fi6 Inverary II ....]n2
197 Soscol 102 26:> Ijlbertlne 11l
242 Chihuahua JO2 16T Mamie Q 102
201 Rubicon 110 IRS Flandes log
ir<S Peixotto 105 <194)F!{? Leaf 102
... Fly l*>7i
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Bliss Rucker, Sweet William, Pat
Murphy.
Second race— Hugh Penny, May W, Miss Ro
wena.
Third race— Bernardillo. Bbasta Wnter, Myth.
Fourth race — Morlnpa, La Goleta, Recreation.
Fifth race — NTapamax, Morellito. Huckwa.
Sixth race— Rubicon, Peixotto, Pat Morris
s?y.
Dr. H. Kylberg on Christianity.
At the regular Sunday evening meeting
of the San Francisco Thposophical So
ciety, I' 1 tne Academy of Sciences Hall,
Dr. H, Kylberg delivered an address on
the broad principles of Christianity. The
attendance was larpe and the lecture
proved most interesting.
SKYROCKET'S
SON WINNER
AT INGLESIDE
Young America Cap
tured the Stake.
GOLDEN RUSSET WAS SECOND
VAN CHLOEE AND LADY HER
SCHEL WERE OUTFOOTED.
Pleasure Girl Won the Sapling Stake.
The Betting Public Broke
Even on the
Day.
The> features of yesterday's coursing at
Ingleslde Fark were the fast and sensa
tional courses, the short waits between
races and the abundance of fog. The
day would have been one of the most suc
cessful held this year had It not been for
the thick weather.
The "all-age" stake was won by Young
America, a black and white clog, the prop
erty of J. Shea. The dog, after running
a bye a few minutes before the nnals, j
eamo back to the flips and was slipped to
a good hare In company with Golden Ruh
set, and led up and took the first turn,
and until he was obscured by the fog ap
peared to have things all his own way.
The Skyrocket strain took a boom yester- j
day, fur besides sToung America being hjs j
son, Golden Russet, the runner-up, and O.
K. Capitol also lay claim to the same .
father.
The longest course yesterday was be
tween Counterfeit and Mlra Monte, which
was won by the former in 3 minutes and
::<i seconds, but the pace told on him and
Ills owner withdrew him after hiss next !
course, after he had defeated Rush o' J
Hill. All through the day the bans
proved themselves in good condition, but |
the demon hare of the day was one that j
led Lady Herschel and Van Cliloie a mcr- '
ry dance. He made for them a hot pace j
up the field and back again, with a few j
dashes by the grand stand for variation.
The hare eventually escaped, and from
all accounts Is lit for a race at any time. |
The results were as follows:
All-age Htako, first round— Larkey & Rock's
Emerald beat F. Moran's flying Faster;
James Hurleyn O X Capitol beat F. Moran's
bit of Fashion; S. B. Portal's At Last heat
J. Anthony's Admiral Dewey; Joe Perry's
Commodore Nash beat I/me & Thompson's
Quiskptltch; F. Moran's Golden Russet beat I>
J.llealys Pastime; K. A. 1 "eckelman's Prince
George heat Pembroke kennels' J">" Bells; Nal- |
ly & Moray's Whito Diamond beat White I
Earth kennels' Duknta; Pembroke kennels' ;
Magic heat Bartel Bros.' Ke»t Assured; P. !
O'lionnpll'f Counterfeit heat I. J. S. kennels'
Mlra Monte; R. W. Wym.in's flush o' Hill beat
Gem kennels' Sky ball; A. Massey'a Hattel beat
S. E. Portal's Laurelwood II; J. Shea's Young I
America beat Ecliuse kennels" Inniofallen; !
Russell & Wilson's Lady Herschel beat A. A. :
Duncan's Royal chief: M. Nealon's Van
Chlole brat Russell & Wilson's Victor Queen;
James Byrnes' Nelly B beat E. M. Kellogg* s
Lady Gilmore: P. .J. P. Kenna's O*Grady beat
D-. Hooper's Bendalong; H. McNeil's Sports
man beat A. Fanning* liahe Murphy; Pem
broke kennels' Terrona beat Russell & Wil- i
soil's Glenrosa.
s md r^und— o. K. Capitol beat Emerald;
Commodore Nash beat At Last; Golden Rus
set beat Prince George; White Diamond beat
Magic; Counterfeit beat Rush o* Hill; Young
America bent llattel; Van Chlole beat Lady
Herschel; O"Grady beat Nelly B; Terrona beat
Sportsman.
Third round— O. K. Capitol beat Commodore
Nauh; Golden Ruxset beat White Diamond;
Young America ran a bye; O'Graily beat
Van chlole; Terrona ran a bye.
Fourth round ' '.olden Russet beat O. K. Cap
itol; Young America beat Terrona; O'Grady
ran a bye.
Fifth round— Golden Russet beat O'Grady;
Young America ran a bye. i
Final— Young America beat Golden Russet.
Sapling .--take, first round— Twilight kennels'
Pleasant Girl heat B. Burmeister's Winning
Ways; B. Burmeisters Warrior beat V. J.
Heal y' a Maggie N.
Final— Pleasant iifrl beat Warrior.
UNION COURSING PAEK.
Wild Tralee Wins the Big Stake of
the Day.
Wild Tralee won the open stake at
Union (tuursing Park yesterday. He ran
the final with Mountain Beauty and fin
ished In a dense fojr unseen by the specta
tors. The interest was great on the re
sult of the -nurse, as many had played
Mountain Beauty at 2 to 5. The only
thing- they knew of the work of either
dog was when the flag steward galloped
out of the gloom and announced Wild
Tralee the winner.
Four short enders won in succession in
the second round of the open stake. They
were Thornhill, Swinnerton, Lord Byron
and Montana. The odds in each Instance
were good. Prince Jerome and Lady
Marion came down on the card for the
final of the puppy stake, but being guard
ed the first and second mr.iey was given
to their owner, W. P. Jones.
Puppy stake, second round — W. J. Jones'
Prince Jerome beat T. Hall's Miss Skyball;
W. J. Jones' Lady Marian beat Pasha Ken
nel's Regular Army; T. J. Cronin's Arab ran
a bye.
Third round— Prince Jerome beat Arab; Lady
Marian ran a bye. ' ■■ ;•'-•■
Final — Prince Jerome and Lady Marian
guarded.
Open stake, second round— & WII-
Bon's Jennie Wilson beat J. McGrath's White
Wedge: A. Johnson's Mountain Heauty beat
M. Herzog's Little Delight; Eclipse Kennel's
Diana beat E. Fitzpatrtck's Free Silver Boy;
E. & E. Kennel's Vigilant beat F. McComb's
Royal Flush; Curtis & Son's McKinley beat D.
Ford's Hayseed; Jones kennels' Ualivant beat
Santa Rosa kennels' Jean Beraud; A. L. Aus
tin's Trinket beat R. E. de B. Lopez' Arrow;
J. McCormick's White Lily beat L. & H. Ken
nel's Dempsey Lass; D. Ford's Bonlta beat
E. Brader's Magnus; T. J. Cronln's Thornhill
beat Pasha Kennel's Firm Friend; I). Cronln'a
Swinnerton beat John Maher's Lottie M; E.-&
R. Scott's Lord Myron beat E. & E. Kennel's
Hurricane; H. Weber's Montana beat Larkey
& Rock's Liberty Bell; T. J. Cronin's Wild
Tralee beat R. E. de B. Lopez' Quiver: R. E.
de B. Lopez' Minneapolis beat Rincon Ken
nel's Ski; tl. F. Anderson's Crawford Braes
beat M. Nenlon's Maid of Erin.
Third round— Mountain Beauty beat Jennie
Wilson; Vigilant beat Diana; McKinley beat
Galivant; White Lily beat Trinket; Bonita
beat Thornhill; Lord Byron beat Swinnerton;
Wild Tralee beat Montana; Crawford Braes
beat Minneapolis.
Fourth round— Mountain Beauty beat Vigi
lant: White Lily beat McKlnley; Bonita beat
Lord Byron: Wlld^Tralee beat Crawford Braes.
Fifth round— Mwnntaln Beauty beat White
Lily; Wild Trnl beat Bonita.
Final— Tralee beat Mountain Beauty.
Coursing at Stockton.
STOCKTON. Nov. 27.— The results of
the coursing to-day were as follows:
First ties— Hazel Glon beat Fleet W;
Gypsy Queen beat Little Casino; Bis
marck beat Maiden; Gladiola beat Search
light; Arno beat Here We Are; Domino
beat Ruby.
Second ties— Fleet W beat Little Casino;
Maiden beat Searchlight; Arno beat
Ruby.
Third ties— Little Casino beat Ruby;
Maiden a bye.
Final— Little Casino first money, Maiden
second money. Ruby third money.
Coursiner at Los Angeles.
LOS ANCELKS. Nov. 27.— At the Agri
cultural Park coursing to-day Doncaster
won first money, B, B and B second.
Master Jack third. Nashville fourth. The
weather was perfect and the attendance
was the best since the inauguration of
coursing, the turnout of ladies being es
pecially noticeable.
RELIGION AND POLITICS.
Rev. Mr. Rader Explains the Rela-
tion of One to the Other.
Rev. William Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church is conducting a series
of services which are attracting much at
tention. He inaugurated this series yes
terday evening when he preached on
"Politics" with local application. This
series he has classified under the sensible
head of "Applied Christianity." Under
the subject of "Politics" he delivered a
powerful discourse. During the opening of.
his remarks he announced that this was
an era of applied power. Continuing, ne
said:
"Two things make our age, discovery
and application. The world is searched
for forces, and human ingenuity is taxed
in the tactical application of them, hence
we have machinery and organization, in
the religious world we see the marks or
practical power. Religion like a pent-up
sea seeks for freedom and application. At
least four departments of life illustrate
this spirit, politics, business, amusements
and labor. Politics is the science of gov
ernment and is the realization of religion
In the state. Politics is synonymous with
corruption, bossism. falsehood, bribery
and deceit. Every State suffers from po-
Htioal scandals, and every great city is
more or less looted by politicians."
The speaker read an editorial showing up
the P»oard of Education in San Francisco,
referring to the private and corrupt deal
between the supplies committee of the
board and contractors, whereby the Mis
sion school has been equipped with more
furnaces, patent chairs, desks, and type
writers than there is room for.
If the permission to do this was on the
basis of a "divvy" then there are some
men on the Board of Education who
should go to a less comfortable place.
The greatest evils are entrenched in pol
itics. The social evil, the saloon, gam
bling, and every department of municipal
government. They are all hedged in and
protected by the barbed-wire fences of
political pulls. Even our public schools
fire caught In the meshes of politics. Big
steals are condoned, but the poor fellow
who steals a loaf of bread goes to jail.
There is no better place for a man to
practice religion than in his citizenship.
No better p!»ce for the- priest and the
preacher and the church deacon. When a
preacher gets too good for legitimate poli
tics he is ready to go to the land where
there Is no politics.
Christianity may be applied to religion
by having respect for the burdened. It is
just as religious to help a man by your
ballot as by your creed or your Bible.
Religion may be applied to politics by
putting conscience, patriotism and right
eousness in the state.
Episcopalian. Convocation.
OAKLAND. Nov. 27.— The fall meeting
of the convocation of San Francisco of the
Episcopal Church will be held to-morrow
in St. John's Church, corner of Grove and
Eighth streets, this city.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
C A Foster, Mass jK M Pbf-lton & w, Cai
J G Ritchie, N V J Thomann. St Helena
R Crow&w. S L OblspolW P.uckley & w. Cal
O Smith, Courtland R 8 Crane, . l*k!ah
R S Sandwich. Cal J M Roberts, ''al
S Tiernan, Vallejo B .1 Mann. Boston
J Connolly, Vallejo IB Ponnell«, Berkeley
A I) Porter & w, Cal II S Loomis, Stanford
J Mugridge, Vallejo IF S K!nc. Vallejo
.T Millar & W, Oakld C Broarl hurst &w. Cal
J A Dunn, S Rosa C O Flint. L Ang
.1 Brown, S Rosa F Waterhouee, L Ang
F Coykendnll. S Jose iT Shortell, N V
A D Shaw. Hollister B B Espy. Tiffin
E Montgomery. HollstriL Wllm'mtlufcw. Mich
S I HopklnA H.icto |G Williams. Kumboldt
T Simpson & w, Cal |A Campbell. Humboldt
R Clendemen, Illinois W R Horsey. Sydney
}! Tiffany. Illinois .T W Wilson. Sa<-to
H S Oswald. Illinois H Macmillan, Ogden
C W Dorrifl S IMego W A Allen, Chicago
.1 I! Adrian. N V Z L le Fure, L GatOS
A Shamca. N V H B Smith. Milwke
3 T More, Stanford D W WriKht. 8t Louis
W H Cciwper, StanfrdjJ I) Klack. H Jose
Mr Connor & w, Cal C E Lindsay. S Crux
G M Hall, Mnrysvllle G G Radrllff, Cal
Dr Farmlngton, Ariz W R Porter. Cal
Mrs Hanscuni, Menlo iW W Gasklll. Jackson
A Hubbs, Caflstoga J W Bukbeck. Hauford
Mr Hampshire* w, ('al'Mr Connor & w, Oakld
PALACE HOTEL.
J J Delaney, VS N iJ D Pape. Los Ang
A F JaHt. Pas.» Roble? J C Ells, Ohio
T L Winder, Los AngiH Gottschalk. Chicago
E T Sthnson, Los An«!F C Haker, Portland
J M ;.rOral. Japan S Sternberg. N V
S H Matsubaro, Japan A B Cohen. St Joseph
F Harvey, Colo G J Ketchum, N V
.r J Ball. Colo R Cameron & w, N Z
0 A Talle, Colo W Cameron & w, Cal
F X Qulnn <v W, K.y F C Innes. Spokane
F I-ane, Lexington IW C Paxton, Sta Cruz
}< Crowell, Cleveland J B Bemaden. V S N
M Bholi, Ogden IE R Adams, Chicago
X Altmiulst. N V ,F Wilson & w, Butte
F C Moore, N V R C Sunono, Tahiti
J C Mawberry, N V A V Davis, Pittsburg
J R Stewart, N V B B Espy. Ohio
F A Wadleteh. I'tah X C Erbsloh, London
a H Babcock, Utah W A Goes, Portland
F W Hevine, N V "\V C Parsons. N V
E HMnes N V JI P Hepburn, Ohio
A v\ Lord, N V C A Postley & w. N V
3 M Hewton, N V G D Corliss. Chicago
G Moore, Illinois H J Summers. Houstn
F G Berry, Fresno IE L Christian, Austin
J Lamb, Fresno A Kaiser, Stockton
(i Carson. Palo Alto B C Holt, Stockton
W L McOulre. Stanfrd J H Kahn, Stanford
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
T Link. Manila J Young. Sacto
3 II Upton, Manila S Johnson. Fresno
M Sullivan, Manila A 0 Hobler. Hanfoni
W D Parker it W, Wis J Ralcnmb. T'klah
X M Bond, Manila S Hansen, Sta Cju«
A Harvey. Stockton G R Clnrke, Seattle
,T Howard. N V B chappell <t w.Wash
II \Vllll»ms. Manila S Frosley, Sumpter
C Brown Oakdale :j Hedges, N V
C .1 White, Ft Point iL P Patten, Chicago
C Nygard. San Jose
FAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner ol Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 0 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street: »pen until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twe'ity-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. 16, .*.
K. T. Golden Gate building, 625 Sut- W
ter st.— Special assembly THIS EVEN- |J
IN'",, at '7:30 o'clock. The order of Wp
the Temple will be I conferred. All W
fraters are courteously Invited.
CHAS. L. PATTON, Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA, Recorder.
PAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal ■
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVEN-
ING. P. M. and M. E. M. d-greos. jK3r
By Instruction of the H. P. /^r>
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260; F. •
and A. M.. Franklin Hall, 1539 Fill- _JV-
more st. Third degree THIS 'MoN-TTlf
DAY) EVENING, at 7:3') o'clock. By I^W >
order of the Master.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and ■ r"
A. Called meeting THIS (MON- Jk
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. iLlf
Third degree. Master Masons cor- A^r
dlally invited to attend. By order of the
W M. G. W. ROOT. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA LODGE No. 1, I. O. -s&miues
O. F.— lnitiation MONDAY KVE-^^^.
NING, November 28. •^%*S2>^S?
H. LUKE, N. G. -^VlW^
CLJUi Fraser No. 7S, O. S. C— Offl- «• v
cers and members are requested ;o 3|u £mJ/j
attend the funeral of mr deceased
clansman, JOHN D. ROSS, from '"*^9%
his late residence, 2019 Turk St., THIS D\Y
(MONDAY), at 2 p. m.
EDWARD KERR, Chief.
WM. CORMACK. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from the Wintz Mining and Improve-
ment Company. In its mine near Pleasant
Valley. El Dorado County, to deposit tailings
on a flat below the mine; from Joel Bean in
the Cleveland mine No. 2, near Scales Sierra
County, to deposit tailings in Rock Creek-
from J. B. Jones, in the Haskell Valley mln»
near Buck's Kanch, Plumas County, "to de-
posit tailings on a flat below the mine; from
Thomas (limcz, In the Snowy Side mine
near Buck's Ranch, Plumas County, to de-
posit tallingrs in Willow Creek; from N. H.
Frlis, In the New York mine, near Buck's
Ranch. Plumas County, to deposit tailings in
Willow Creek; from J. C. Homer, in the
Chaplain mine, near Buck's Hanrh, Plumas
County, to deposit tailings In Willow Creek -
from Llewellyn A. Hoefiich, in the Rocky
Bar mine, near Nelson Point. Plumas County
to deposit tailings In worked-out pits and
from C. W. Ayers, in the Oriole gravel 'mine
near .Tameetnwn. Tuolumne County, to deposit
tailings on a tlat below the mine, gives no-
tice that a meeting will be held at room ,vi
Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on De-
cember 12, ISitS, at 1:30 p. m.
AXNTAL Meeting—The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Mutual Elec-
tric Light Company will be hetd at the office
of the company, 617 Howard Rt., San Fran-
cisco, California, on MONDAY, the oth day
of December. ISPS, at the hour of 10:30 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a board of
directors to serve for the ensuing year, and
the transaction of such other business as
may come bafore the meeting.
JAMES FISHKR. Sec ret arc
niYIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 87 (fifty cen. per share) of
the Oceanic Steamship °nmpam- will be pay-
able at the office of the company. 327 Market
st. on and after Thursday, December 1. IS9B.
Transfer books will close on Friday Novem-
ber 25. 189S, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary-
SPECIAL NOTICES. •
BAD tenants ejected for J4; collections made?
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. <15 Montgomery St., rooms 0-10; tel. 5680.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. »1 up;
tainting done. H&rtmann Paint Co., 313 3d at. j
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.^
COMPETENT^German cook, best of reference,
desires a situation in city or country. J. *•
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st. -
SUPERIOR Swedish cook desires situation 4
years last place; also a first-class waitress
and chambermaid, 3 years in last place. Ap-
ply MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German Infant's nurse desires
situation: best reference: city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT German girl desires situation at house-
work or as nurse: $12 to $15; references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN second girl and seamstress desires
situation or as governess; best reference.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
YOUNG, neat Swedish woman with 2 children,
aged 3 and 4, wishes a place in the country;
wages no object. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman; good cook
and houseworker; $15 to $20. MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter st. •
NUMBER of girls all nationalities awaiting
situations at MRS. HIRD'S, 631 Larkln St.;
tel. Sutter 52. ; __
YOUNG Swedish houseglrl; good cook; strong
and willing: J2O; best references. MRS. NOR-
TON, 312 Sutter St.
\LL-ROUND cook and help: can take chefs
place or full charge of kitchen; English,
French and German cook; first-class pastry;
flrst-class hotel references. 24 Hunt st.
EXPERIENCED cook would like a place In
private family or will assist in housework;
reference. Please call at 2036 Leavenwortn
St., near Filbert. '
GERMAN woman not afraid of work, with a
child 14 months old, wants work in a good
family; willing to work for $3 a month. Ad-
dress* 1654 Market st.
WOMAN wishes situation; thoroughly under-
stands housework and cooking; will do plain
washing; city or country; wages $10. 924
W a ghlngton st.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation to do
housework; good cook and laundress; city
and country. 206 Fifth st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to do
general housework; plain cook and laundress:
references, j 350 Preclta aye., off Folsom st.
REFINED young girl wishes place to do sec-
ond work; German descent. Address 2 Delta
Place, off Mason; call early.
YOUNG eirl wishes position as nurse or to
do Hght housework. 969 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker, g0r,,l cutter and
fitter in latest designs, will accept more en-
gagements in families; $1 25 per day; refer-
ences. Apply at 1212 Scott St.
PROTESTANT old lady, trustworthy, wishes
to make herself useful In kind, nice family.
Addreps, by letter only, MRS. C, 431 Pre-
cita aye.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation 1 as
working housekeeper; city or country. 10244
Folsom St., between Sixth and Seventh.
DRESSMAKER of experience wishes more en-
gagements by the day; good fitter; will give
references. Call or address 589 O'Farrell St.
YOUNG lady would like to get some kind of
work by the day. Call or address F. C, 1422
Montgomery st.
RESPECTABLE lady wishes a position as
housekeeper, chambermaid or saleslady. Ad-
dress box 384, Call office, Oakland.
PRACTICAL stenographer wants position; will
substitute; mimeographing. Address "Sten-
r.erapher." SftS Leavenworth St.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary: tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE *nd Japanese Employment Oftlcs;
b«st help. 414V4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 4J«.
AN Eastern man of good character and recom-
mendations wants a good situation in any
respectable business. Address MR. C.
CROOKS, 240 Taylor st., or call 9 a. m. to
4 p. m.
A HANDY man around place, strictly temper-
ate, good moral habits, would like employ-
ment; reference. Box 1692, Call Office.
A COOK understands German-American cooTc-
i!i«; kitchen; wants situation. CARL
BOEHME. 1281 Mission st.
ELDERLY man wishes work for small wages.
HENRY WVLBERN, 220 Montgomery aye.
JAPANESE boy wants situation to do general
housework and cooking. Box 1693.
YOUNG man Il*I 1 * years of age, who lives with
his parents, can furnish the best of recom-
mendations, wants employment in some re-
spectable business; would like to get into a
wholesale store to learn the business; Is not
afraid of work; salary no object for the
present. Please address H. L. M., box 1685.
Call office.
WILL give $1000 in realty adjoining park fnr
permanent position, commencing Jan. 1; city
or country: have 10 years' experience in book-
keening, "stenography and typewriting; refer-
ences given. E. H. SILSBT, Linda Vista,
Oaklnnd.
YOUNG man of good address, inexperienced
ti the customs of this country, desires a po-
sition of any kind in German house that gives
him an opportunity to work himself ahead.
Address M. W., 360 Jessie St.
BY middle-aged man, German, generally use-
ful, to take care of horses, cow and garden
In private family; references. O. M.. 674 East
Sixteenth St.. East Oakland.
WANTED— By reliable young man. situation
on private place; understands care of horses
and garden. Box 1652, Call office.
EXPERIENCED porter, handy with tools, un-
derstands the care of horses, desires position.
Box 456, Call office.
SITUATION by American dairyman and wife;
man is first-class cheesemaker and milker.
Address J. HAVES, Berkeley, Alameda Co.
MAN wishes position to care for horses, gar-
den: good driver: handy with tools; private
residence. Address box 1672, Call.
WANTED— Job milking or driving team; state
wa*res. J. 8., box 1574, Call.
YOUNG man wants situation: understands care
of horses, cows, garden; reference: state the
wages. J. A. MACDONALD. 214 Third st.
KAKER. first class on cakes and bread, wants
situation. Address 1015 Clay st.
WAN i ED — Position by young man IS years
old on a small ranch; good home preferred
more than anything else. Box 1673, Call.
TOUNG man wantp employment as coachman
or gardener: can give reference If required.
Box 1654. Call office.
PLUMBER, first-class, will ork by the day
or month for property-owner or estate; has all
necessary shop tools. Box ISSB. Call office.
COLORED man and wife wish positions as
cooks In boarding house. 160S Leaven worth st.
GOOD Japanese boy wants situation as school
boy. Address box 1676. Call office.
POSITION of qny kind wanted by steady young
man. Address P. S. R.. 15S Winchester House.
Third st.
MAN and wife wish to take charge of place
in country: small farm, orchard. 29 Pcott pi.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $8
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
HKI.I' WANTED— FEMALE.
3 COOKS, plain wash, $25; institution cook
$30; 4 second girls and nurses. $15 and $20-
chambermaid, plain sewing, $12; 2 waitresses,
$15 and 135; kitchen helper. $17: pantry girl',
$7 a week, and a large number of girls for
housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 31C Sut-
. ter 6t.
3 HOUSEWORK girls. $20 and $25; Oakland,
$15; Fresno. $20; San Uafae], $25; Modesto,
$15: Merced. $15: Kennett. $20, and others
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
2 SECOND girls, ?20 and $15; nurse, $15. MISS
CULLEN, 320 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, $15; 3 chambermaids and
waitresses, $20 and $15 each. MISS I'l'LLtX
325 Sutter st.
2 COOKS. $25 and $35. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
NEAT girl, light work, $15. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child, $15. MISS 75uLLEN, 325
Sutter st.
15 HOUSEWORK girls, city and country, $20
and $25; 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS
< !' I.I. EX, 32:, Sutter st.
MAN and wife as cook and butler, $75 per
month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st
GOVERNESsT must be B Rood sower, $20 per
month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. _____
7 WAITRESSES, city and country. $22 50 and
$20; 6 restaurant waitresses. $5. $6. 5"; 2 liincn
waitresses. $3 B0; 3 chambermaids to wait. $20;
cook, institution. $30; 2 cooks for delicacy
store. $30 and $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. '
SCANDINAVIAN housegirl for country. $30.
fare paid; Scandinavian housegirl for city,
$25; cook for small family. Alanu-da. t-o. see
lady here; second girl. city. $25: French sec-
ond girl. $20, and a great many housegirls of
all nationalities for city and country. $l 0l 0 to
$25 C. R. HANSBN A '"0.. 104 Geary et.
S SALESLADIES for a candy store; $6 to $i a
week; no experience required. C. K. HA.\-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
THREE "cooks, jr.: chambermaid, Sl*: 2 riurse-
glrls $12; 10 girls for housework. MRS.
HIRD. 631 Larkln st._
GIRL for country hotel; plain work; $15 and
fare. R. T. WARD & CO., 60S and 610 Clay.^
HELP WAJfTEP-Contlnned.
HOUSEGIRL, Merced. 2 in fam^y^iSnioUsel
girls, Oakland, Alameda, .$25 each; second
girl, $20; houseglrl. $25; cook. $30; 2 house-
girls. $20 each; ranch cook. $20; boarding-
house cook. $25, and a number of voting; _lri«
to assist. $10 to $15. MRS. NORTON 313 Sut-
ter st. r. ■■■■-. ■•■■„"■■ . ■ : ..- .-:.:•.
STRONG young girl for housework; wages Jl2
to $15; Swedish or German preferred Call
afternoon at 713. Cole St., near Waller: take
Halght-st. car.
YOUNG girl to do light housework; help mind
two children; sleep home; call after L 1599
Market st.
GIRL for general housework; 3 in farnllv Call
from 8 to 10 o'clock, 1275 O'Farrellst bet
Gough and Octavia. V oc *-
RESPECTABLE German girl for housework-
one who stops home preferred. 1053 Market'
\V\NTED— Finishers (girls) on ladtes' tailor-
ing. 211 Post st., J. MATZKIE _ CO.
GIRL wanted for housework; small ~7amUy J
H503 McAllister st. _^^
A STRONG middle-aged woman to assist iq
housework. 1021 Van Ness aye.
APPRENTICE on custom coats; paid white
learning. 222 Seventh st. -
WANTED— Waitress for restaurant, $5 pe *
week. «38 Fourth st.
WANTED— A first-class pants finisher. Room.
309, Phelan building.
WANTED— Young girl; plain cooking; smalt
flat. 426 Scott st.
TAIUUtFSS as pant« finisher at ;^ Kearny
st., top floor, room 11.
WANTED— Woman to work In kltcheru 834
Howard St.
WANTED Flr«t-class finisher at ladies' tailor-
ing. 16 Turk st.
WANTED— A young woman to do cooking. 26
Pteuart st.
EXPERIENCED operators on fronts of negliges
shirts at GREENEBAUM, WEIL & MICH-
ELS. r.3i Mission st.
20 YOUNG lady waiters at Kalmar Dance Hall,
811 Mi Kearny St. Call between 2 and 4 p. m.
and after S p. m.
GIRL wanted for general housework. Apply at
1323 Stockton st.
GIRL for cooking and downstairs; city refer-
ences. 2202 Jackson st.
FOR country, good cook and general house-
work. Monday. 10 to 3. 1617^ Webster gf.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on pants. B^j Monroa
st.. off Hush, near Stocktnn.
OPERATORS wanted on ladles' wear. KRA-
KER, 226 Bush st.
WANTED— An experienced saleslady at RA-
PHAEL'S.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on coats. 22 Stockt ■■n
place, off Stockton St., near Post.
WANTED- At once, 10 ladies for the Monte
Carlo Theater. Call on ARCHIE LEVY. 8
Eddy St., room 116.
MAKERS, throughout, on Eurekas: steady
wo"rk. CARSON GLOVE CO.. 35 Market it.
LADIES and girls to do piece work at home;
steady emply; embroidery taught. 54« Sutter.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns, 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'S; good positions;
patterns. 10c up. 118 McAllister st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Man and Wife, private family, $40;
mining foreman, $1M) and board; experienced
10-muie mountain teamster, $.T'"> and board;
2 quartz miners, $2 JO; carpenter and pump-
man for mine, $4<i and board; blacksmith for
mine, $40 and board; ranch blacksmith and
choreman, $1 a day and board; milker and
farmer. 130; man to clear land. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT _ CO.. 628 Sacramento st-
WANTED— Steward for club, $50: restaurant
and hotel cooks, waiters, dishwashers and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623
Sacramento st.
AT C. R. HANSEX & CO.'S.. ..Tel. Grant ISS
j5OO railroad laborers for
Skaguay fare reduced to
$14 50 to Skaguay $14 50
Subcontracts and station work, both rock
and earth. $1 to $1 60 a yard for rock. 25c to
S'jc a yard for earth. Further particulars and
tickets at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 104 Geary
st. ; ship Tuesday morning. ;■•
HEAD and second cook, railroad eating house.
Nevada, $100. free fare; second cook, country
hotel. $40. free fare; head cook, second-clasi
country hotel. $."0. fare advanced; restaurant
cook. "Washington. $80; short order cook,
small country hotel. $35; second baker, small
country bakery, $3o and found; short order
cook and waiter, small country botel. $30;
cook, country restaurant. $10 a week and
fare advanced: porter, country hotril. $20. C
X HANSEX & CO.. 104 Geary st.
TEAMSTERS, coast road, free fare.
Laborers mountain railroad, ship Monday.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READY Telephone Main 5543
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Want Monday, 7 a. m "..........
S4 woodchoppers " $1 50 and $1 cord
65 tie makers :..Sc; 9c and 12c each
6 farm hands $26, $25 and $20 and found
3 choreboys for ranches... s6 and $10 and found ■
3 teamsters, city ;;-.5 laborers, city •
3 boys to learn trades, city Jobs $3 week
MURRAY. & READY. .
"' 634 and 636 Clay st. ' : '.
SAME Hotel Head waiter, *30
Country '....« Walter. $25
Country C. .'..'.. Pantryman, $25 .
6 waiters, different places $25 and found
q cooks $50, $45, $30 and $25 and found :
.7 MURRAY READY.
'"' 634 arid 636 Clay.
20 WOODCHOPPERS for Sonoma County pine*
90c- white and' black oak, $1 25. and live oak,..
$1 40 a cord, tools and grub advanced-; 20 tie- .
makers, Sc and lie each, and 20 post makers...
l%ic and 2c each . for Mendocinq County,
tools and gTUb advanced;. 2 slate spHtters,
$2 GO a day. R. T. WARD & CO.. 608 and .610..
Clay st. .■■■■. ••.■••.-."
WANTED— French couple oft a ranch. : $40;. \
gardener, $20; butler, country. $40; cook, ' res-- ..•
taurant, $10 a week; second cook. $40; young- ■
man to run errands, etc., French,". $25: .AN- • .
DRE'S. Sl6 Stockton st. . -.-..'. "' '■ •'■••"''
COACHMAN and gardener, $30 per m/snth.-
MISS GUL.LEN, 325 Sutter st. ■. ■- _______•"
MAN and wife as cook arid butler. $75 per. ■'
month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.. ■.'•• ".
FINE coat makers. ABE JACOB'S. 1200 . Mar- " : j
ket st. ■ . ".' • ■•■• ; -..' -^ "...
GOOD grplner wanted at 343 Third st. ■. ■ ■ ~_ •.';
YOUNG butcher wanted at 326 Devlsadero s.t., .■
near Oak. ... . ■■■'•.■ '• •-,
DISHWASHER wanted at 303 East st; ■/ . ■' - V,
WANTED-QuTckTamateur actor.^tillty ; mean
business: no triflers. R. FOOTE, oS6 Geary.
YOUNG man to wait at table. $6 a. week. 233 ,-
Sixth st. ■ • ■ " '"."•.'... : :
WANTED-Boy 16 to 13 years of .age to. learn/.
grocery trade; goodjiome^'* Ellis «*__
GRILLWORKER wanted. Call this mqrivin* .
at 232 Ellis st. _^ ■_ -' ■ . ■" - ; "- .■ ■■
WANTED-Prfnter:- von ng man set type small •
Job office. 702 Howard rt_ under drug. store... ■
WANTED-A goodlTeady waiter for coffee- ■ ,
house. 517 Montgomery^. . ■, ■: ... : .
gas^;:
WANTED-Al gents' furnishing salesmah, at '.-
RAPHAEL'S. ; ' ■ ■ ■ ■• " .
RECRUITS wanted for the United States _M%-
i rv..-i\« United States navy; able-bodied.
arrlel men between the ages of 21 and 30
?»«;« whoTre citizens of the United States.
or ea t";-e who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 6 inches
n i fi feet in height. For further information
nnnly a! f the Vomiting Office. 40 Ellis st,.
San Francisco. Cat . . . ' ' ■ ■■■.
to Co To-day— Sdl pairs men's, second-hand
shoes some nearly new, from 25c to $1; new
shoes." slightly damaged, half price.
sion it., bet. First and Second sts. Open all
day Sunday. t ■'. ■ ■ .
vFa^Tt'eD— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms. 25c per_nlght; $1 to $3 per wee»./ : .
RF9PONSIBLE --oung mm to. deliver and col-
lect for wholesale liquor house; fair wages to
stnrt: must put up $500 cash security. Box
1875. Cai» office- ■• ' ■ /..;•'• .
$26 A WEEK and expenses, to. sell cigars on
time' experience unnecessary; holiday goods.
W. L KLINE CO., St. Louis. Mo." .■■[■'., J;
WANTED— At Montana House. 7644 Mission
st men to take rooms ; 10c. 15c . and 25c per
night: 60c, 90c and $1 per week. . ' :
SALESMAN staple article: city and country;
factory to consumer; permanent: profitable.
US Eddy st. . ■'. '.- .
TAILORS on custom coats; steady work for
good men. IC>€ Battery st. ■ ' .
PARTNER in barber business: must b« tem-
perate and have some means. Box 1642_'
AMATEUR musicians for social purposes, 328
Bush St., room 4, third floor\ (
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisc- P»rber College. 1384 Eighth at.-.
BARBERS" Association Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms: op
trade guaranteed, $15. 1542 Market st.
TRY Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.;
thoroughly renovated: 200 rms; 15c. 25c night.
SINGLE rooms, loc. 20c, 25c per night; 75c. M
to |2 50 per wk. Elcho House, 803 ft Market •(,HELP WAXTED-eonllnued.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen; carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S. 2C Steuart.
r.ARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
poleing. 35c; only one price. 1)23 Howard Bt.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis st.. - near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room,. 2Sc night: Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, S3" Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
\ tXCHESTER ■•:>■•. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms, 25c night; reading-room; free
'bus and baggage to and from .the ferry.
• AGBWTS AVANTKD.
HARVEST for canvassers; secure territory to-
day. PORTLAND ART EMPORIUM, base-
ment, 415% Franklin pt.
FOR sale— Profitable Krency . for- lady at her
home. Call at 546 Sutter st. . '
100 GOOD agents: good profits: article every
family needs. 513 Taylor st. Hours 10:30. 1:30.
partners Vv AJrTBD. .
PARTNER wanted in old established hay.
grain, wood, coal and livery business: 25
horses; price $1.'.0p, part cash; sickness cause
of partner retiring:. Box i.'-- Call office.
H O CSEEj S AY AXTE I). .
BY responsible, couple, rooming house, lo to 30
rooms: rent or-' take chareeV Box K>lS. Call.
RJOQMS. AVANTiED.
GENTLEMAN desires nicely -furnished room
not far frtjra . .'.•.'•-•;. reasonable. Box
1572, Call. ; .
GENTLEMAN wants.- pleasant 'room with re-
flned- family oast. Van Ness. Ad. box KB9. Call.
W-ANTED-;MISC_LLAX_OUS.
WANTED- To hire for a few months- a second-
hand gasoline engine about . twenty horse-
power; if satlEfactory will purchase. C. 11.
S., box 1657. Ca.U office. : . ._
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for cash.
GARDNER &. GASSE-LL, 216 Post, st
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic, lantern appa-
ratus: second-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
DENTISTS.
A METAL piate for tne .same price as rub-
ber: full Bet of teeth. $5; crowns, $3; fill-
lnss, 50c: teeth without- plates a specialty:
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no stude-his employed; extracting free
when plates are or.l red consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, • corner Market and
■ Mason t.s. Entrance S Mason st.
A FT LI, set at teeth, $r>; pee ntrtv -flexible
plates; light and thin: g-uara-nteed 10 years;
teeth wltho-'it plates., crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 50c; crowns. $3 oC: ail
work painless nv.d warranted. Chicago Den- i
tal Parlors, 24 *ixth at.; telephone Jessie II.J.
GEORQ wfLEEk. geTr-'r* Leek dentist,
-discoverer of painless extraction nnd pat-
antee of- Improved bridge work or teeth with- i
out plate, removed from fi to 20 O^Fa rrell^ st.
SET of teeth.. Js.: Wllngs, gold, $1 up: silver. 25c
up; bridge rk: plates repaired: all work
puin>?s and "warranted ten years. New York
DenUsts. 9C9 Mission St., comer «ixth.
VAN VROOM Electre Dental Parlors: full set;
of teeth. $5 up: fillings, 25c up- al! work pain- I
less and guaranteed to etand; open evenings. |
?97 Market St., corner Sixth. :
LUDLUM FUlii, 1443 Market st.. near
F!ev»nth; crowns, bridge work ani fillings a ',
speclai'y ; all work reaso--Me; gas given. ,
SET toeth,. $4: fill., gold 50c, silv. 2Sc; crowns j
$3; ?. a. m. to 10 p.m. Parlors. 235 Kearny. |
ALL -Tic reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market St. _
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YPT'yo,. IS4I Polk st.
LOST.
LOST— Black and white greyhound dog; an-
swers tq name of Prince; last seen at Park;
white rag around neck; liberal reward. J.
H. PICKSON. 410 Montgomery St.. room 4.
Lost— Great Dane dog; about -1. year old; white
spot on front foot- and on breast; reward.
Return to 1:«1S Market st. -. -
LOST— A pocket-book containing notes and
•.;i!-rs of no value to any one but the owner. I
. Tinier return to J. T. KIDD, 410 Kearny St., j
and receive reward. ■ ;
I EFT ivindle of blue suit somewhere. Address j
box JffJR Call ofßcti. I
ivfK-TrtftßlF.R blich, nswers to name of I
Jncs. i '■- Fifteenth St.: r--'.vard.
HORSES. '
'CO HORSES of every description at Emporium ]
Sa!f s> ards, 220 Valencia st.. between Thlr- ;
teenth and Fourtee-nth; also buggies, wagons. !
l_rness. etc., at your own price. |
4. HORSES for *ale- also .wagons, buggies,
rarts harness; Grand Arcade ! Horse Mar-
Vet. 827 Sixth: auction saies every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN f DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGO.VS AM) CARRIAGES.
CoiT 15000— An established carriage business;
wagons, -hacks, buggies and harness: cash
trade- no book accounts: reasonable, offer not
refused. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
BARGAINS— Must be sold; wpgons, 'juggles,
hacks phaetons, "carts and harness, or will
sell a.« a whole. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
ONE large double express wagon for sale
cheap. Apply 2457 Folaom st.
FOR SALE— •MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery.. Mc-
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
A— l2-BORE Daily shotgun and rifle combined;
one of the finest made guns manufactured;
coat originally $130: our price now $45. UN-
,-CX.E HARRIS. '■" Grant aye.
ji<s_jjr,t;ST sell; handsome, nearly new White
sewing machine; attachments complete. 1807
Powell st. " --L.
20-INCH planer, boring machine, drill press,
bolt-cutting emery wheel. 1634 Mission Bt.
LAUNCHES from 17 to 60 feet In length, both
steam or giiP'.lin^; 1 3S-foot and 1 48-foot
eloop yacht: bargains in new and second-hand
beats of all sizes and descriptions. H. EN-
GELBRECHT, successor to San Francisco
Launch Co., North Point and Stockton st.
BARS Back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and offlca fur-
niture and fljeturea; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-IQ_-IC_-IUZ3 Mission st..
above .Sixth. . ■'•
WANTED-^To- sell or exchange shot gun and
rifle for light wagon.. Inquire corner of
Twenty-ninth st. and. San Jose aye. f
M>.-TIFK pur*— At. Rose ' Cottage. Maple
court, off 14th t-t.. bet. Guerrero and Dolores.
FOR^sale^-Thoroughbred Japanese pug; black
and while. Address box 1871. Call office.
2 RTEREOP.TICONS- and 1 moving picture ma-
• - chine: cheap:' . Box 189'\ Call office.
HOOKER pump; capacity 1.000,000 gallons; 12x '
24-inch water cylinder. J- B. JARDINE, 309
. Folaom st. ' ■
LIVE American eagle.; 'fine Jorge young speci-
roen.- Box 1R84.-. Call. .. ■
A NEW $75.-*' New Home" rewing machine for
sale cheap. -• 12B»" Broadway, Oakland.
■ LARGE 35-foot launch; 8-foot beam. 10 horse- I
.. power. Box 1652,- Call office.
SECOND-HAND engines; boilers, pumps, hose,
belting. «tc. H. _.. WHITE. 516 Mission" st.
BAFES — The Hermann Safe Co.- moved to 417- j
■42S Sacramento st. ..- . . - -'-.
1 AND ! bowl barber .washstands'. cheap. HUF-
BCHMIDT. Ct Golden Gate avu. :
BECOND-HAND lumber; crld buildings bought
' and removed. ' Yard". Fifteenth and Valencia.
CAL "Belting Co.,"mfgs leafher ■belting, lac* lea-
: ther; pulleys cvr'd 519 Mission: tel. Br. 33L
J R POOL house-mover, dealer second-hand
'building material. 1124 Mission: tel. South 787.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second hand; all
sl«es: half original cost. 103-111 Market. S). F.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic. Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1916 Mission st. ,
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine tupplien. 145 Sixth: 'phone Mint
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing nt low— rnte« 205 Fourth it.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. _gr.,
-- S8 and 40' Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-
'- ' beating Works, 353-57 Tehama Bt. ; ttl, 8. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
• STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; teL Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.; cleaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. : tel. East 126. ".
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter, st. ;
el. Main 594. . OEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
;; r """typewriters. . ~~
ALL - tpewrlters sold and rented; few partly
. used . for sale cheap : send lor samples aad
f Prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, t»; Callgraph, }15: Yost. $_:
gtt gamplo work. SCOTT, 533 Montgomery it.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
LIST your store, property or business placo
with WILKE _ UNFUG. 606 Market St., the
old-established and reliable business agents;
we have a large llet of buyers who would like
to buy in country towns. _•
■ A— s£soo; CORNER barroom on Montgomery
St.; first-class customers; merchants and
brokers; no night or Sunday work; an Al
paying place; other engagements com-
pel owner to sacrifice. WILKE & LIsFLG.
yO6 Market st. "
A— s2so; DELICACY store with rooms; rent
$22 50; splendid paying place; best location;
near O'Farrell st. ; a bargain. WILKfc. «
UNFUG. 806 Market st. ______
$ir>OO— SALOON; on best part of Market st..
rent $200: price only good for 10 days. \v ILKi,
-UNFUQ. -906 Market St.
$1550— GROCERY and bar on good business
street; kept by present owner for long years,
good reason for selling; cheap for amount
asked; rent $60. WILKE & CNFLG. S»OB
Market st. '<' -■ .
$730— HALF of well-paying, pieasant comm's-
Bion business; or will trade for Al Oakland
bußir.ess. Inquire WILKE ; & = UNFUQ.
A— $800; cor. grocery and bar; side entrance;
private rooms; good stock; will clear 5200
month. KREDO & CO.. 22H Gea iy_ :_— -
A— s4oo; corner grocery and bar; fine stock of
fixtures; a P nap. KREDO 4 ' '• > . ____ '"^ ;
A— branch bakery, dairy. P rodu cc 1 l u^P
office and notions; clears $75. KREDO & <-<->-.
22'/t Geary Bt. ■ ______-—
A-$460; saloon; 10 furnished rooms; central:
cost -1000; cheap rent. Kredo & Co Peary.
A— s4oo; cigar stand; best corner 1- city; value
In stock. KREDO & CO. 2\V_\ Ocary. at.
PARTNER wanted in an Importing business,,
ughly established and paying; establish-
ed in 1895; average monthly .arnlri^at pres-
ent. $300: fame can be Increased with a part-
ner's assistance; partner must be an expe.i-
encod business man. a«e 80 t- 40 years, and
willing to take an active interest In the busi-
nessfto such a man a good investment is
- assured; capital required »2MO: _jj_* e £"» a *«-
Pacli Coast Exchange,; [. 2-3,1 lOOTVi^Market.
WE are headquarters for exchange of property,
etc Address with particulars. PACIFIC
COAST EXCHANGE, ICO7 l i Marke: St., near
Sixth, rooms 2 and 3.
SHOO— ROAD house, ludlng building; doing
hu-Hnecs tlo a day; old established stand for
years; cars pn-*s door. JONES. 565 Market St.
$760— SALOON near Palace Hotel; handsomely
fitted up: doing good business; disagreement
of partners cause sale; Just half price.
JONES 865 Market Bt.
«'>so— CIO AR store on one of the leading streets
"north of ___rket; good business; fine fixtures;
cheap rent. JONES. 865 Market st.
I a— i\ i: have buyers to invest in any legitimate I
business; parties willing to sell give us a
call. National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$40C— CORNER saloon; clears $75 month; a snap. j
$225— Cor. grocery and bar; clears $75 month.
$250— Restaurant; No. 1 location: clears $60 mo.
$Tc Branch bakery: Market st.; rent $13.
! $200 — Cigar store; receipts $12 per day. - •
Bargains at National Agency, 7 Grant av<?.
$1000— SALOON for sale; must sell: owned by
present owner 7 years; 8 rooms. 11. C.
DECKER, 1020 Market st.
FOR sale — Daily and weekly newspaper; netB
■ *200« a year. Address I*. box D. Daily Times,
Los An_eles.
WANTED Amateur actor; utility; mean
business; no trlflers. R. FOOTE, 566 Geary.
SHOE shop; doing fine business; good loca-
tion; cheap rent; reasonable. 332 Bush St.
BAKERY and confectionery for sale, account
of sickness: good business. Box 457, Call.
WANTED— Partner with $1000; excellent op-
portunity for a sober young man or a graduate
physician to obtain a thorough knowledge in
the science of optics; none but those with best
of references need apply. GEORGE MAY-
ERLF-, German expert optician, charter mem-
ber American Association of Opticians, Ger-
man ' Optical Institute, 1071% Market, near
! Seventh: see city directory; testimonials from
Gen. Miles. Geo. Dewey, Gen. Shafter, Ad-
'^lira! Sampson, etc. . '
$150 A FINE restaurant for sale; clearing $150
to $200 per month; guaranteed; central loca- |
tion: private rooms; goou fixtures alone worth
the money asked; trial given before purchas-
ir.e; owner has wholesale business in t?an
Francisco to attend to. See E. E. BUNCE,
90S Broadway, Oakland.
WE have a cash buyer for come suitable busi-
ness under $1000; no charge for information.
Call at 9 Geary St., Western Investment Co.
A— sl4oo: FIRST-CLASS saloon, elegantly fitted
up; fine stock of liquors: safe and register;
best location on Market st. ; long lease.
WERTHEIM & KERTH. S5O Market Bt.
VALUABLE gold mining interest for sale;
milling tests, $6 67 to $6 70 per ton; sulphurets.
$136. 2619 Vi Harrison St.; hours 7-9 a. m.. 6-7
p: m. JOHN TILTON. ■•• ■■ - ■ - _J_ ■
GOOD location for fruit store or butcher shop;
rent reasonable. 230 Third aye.. corner Clem-
ent st.; take Sutro car.
GENTLEMAN wishes lady to Join htm with j
$200 In grocery and saloon business. Box 1691.
' Call offlce .' ; ■'■'■
! BAKERY and notions; fine trade; good loca-
tion; living rooms; rent ?8. 16«9 Grove St.,
Oakland.
! -WOULD buy good bakery; any price to $1000;
' city or country. Box 1653. Call office.
FOR SALE— Good oyster house; very cheap.
307 Grant aye.
BARBER shop; cheap; country town: on ac-
count of death. Apply DECKELIIAN BROS.,
106 Ellis st.
i $150— GROCERY and bar: 3 l.vlng rooms. N.
LOWENSTEIN, 1023% Market st. £
A— lo FURNISHED rooms and bar, $350; 9 fur-
nished rooms. Market st.. $165: cigar stand,
on Market St., $100. STANLEY & CO.. 1055
Market st. ■ ■
$350— CORNER grocery and bar; stock worth
the money; cheap rent; fine location; n<.
agents. Call office. ■•
FOR small capital; the best investment on
the coast, t.12 Examiner building.
GROCERY for sale; with or without bar. In-
quire 731 Seventh St., Oakland.
j FOR SALE reasonable of oldest estab-
lished coal yards in city; 1-orpes, wag.ins.
etc. : good running business that will bear
investigation; excellent opportunity. Address
box 18>1. Call. ■
; $300_FINE corner cigar store; owner sick and
unable to attend; no , agents. Call or ad-
i dress J. A. R., 315 Grove st.
j $325— GREAT bargain: saloon and. 10 furnished
rooms: a good business. Box 18C4, Call.
! GOOD opportunity for man with family' who
can give massage and run salt water tub
bathing; plenty room for store or barber
shop; sell cheap on account of sickness. Box
1634. Call office. .■ . - ' ' .
A WELL established paying businees. $1000;
experience not needed. Address box 1650, Call.
DRUG 'STORE, clean and complete stock and
fixtures; in good location; Investigate at once;.
" chance for good physician. Address box 1518,
j Call office. ' -
I COUNTY rights for sale: good paying busi-
ness; quick returns; secure your county at
once. M. H. Cartwright, rm. 709. 927 Market.
COFFEE tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
eupplied as wanted at icweßt prices. 107-109
Beale st.
LODGING lIOXISESFOR^SALE^^
A-KREI'-O ■■■ -.-■'• ■ 22^-Ge'ary st. j
Money Advanced on All Houses. \
9 rooms; Leavenworth St.: clears $2a.... $32a
11 rooms; cost $1500; must sell ■■■<. 600
12 rooms; Mark<£ st.; clears $50 4j.0
I 14 rooms; ne-ar City Hall; a snap..:.. 800
■ 15 rooms; new and elegant; Geary 5t...... 1100
17 rooms; Jones st. ; worth $1000.. ••■ «00
23 rooms; best for the money. .-••••• •••••• ™.-0
28 rooms; double house; elegant; Post St.. loaO
i 37 rooms: good transient; nr. Kearny St.. . 600
38 rooms; business corner; clears $100 1100
105 rooms; best-.'tnown house on coaat 4000
A— sl2oo; 3C ROOMS; business cor. ; exchange for
.small house; no caah required. KREDO & CO :
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
48-ROOM CORNER HOUSE
JUST FURNISHED WITH NEW FUHNI-
. TI'RK. Only $1500; EASY payments..
24-rocm house; new house and furniture.. 850
8 rooms; new furniture; cost $550 . 200
12 rooms on Market; rent $40 450
10-room house;. only 150
21 rooms; corner; clears $150 550
46-room houße; corner .'...'.... 1200
22 rooms near City Hall : 500
10 rooms; all rented: business street 300
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
BE SURE AND SEE THE FOLLOWING
BARGAINS: - \
15 rooms; sunny corner ; part cash. $S5O
IS rooms; rent $35; near Examiner bldg.. 450
_ rooms; near Call .building..., 850
30 rooms; north of Market: great bargain. 1000
63 rooms; finest house In city — .'.;. 2200
65 rooms: will trade for clear property near
city. WINSTON _ CO., 646 Market st.
12 ROOMS and restaurant; fine ..;.... $800
32 rooms i select; transient; corner 2250
IS rooms; rent $50 • 650
14 rooms; north of Market; clears $50.... 650
22 rooms* all new furniture .'.....- ...
W YOU- WILL CALL ON US WE WILL
SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION, PRICE AND
BIZE OF H C° HYb- & CO.. 1206 Market st.
F. C. HYDE A CO.. 1206 Market st.
BARGAINS at National Agency. 7 Grant aye.:
10 rms • Hyde st . . $2r-0 ! 18 rm».; Poat 5t.... $600
18 rms • Third St.. 550J57 rms.: Howard... 700
20 rms • Geary st. «00 50 rms, ; Bush st... 1360
100 oth'erß. National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
WILL pay $000 for lodging-house of 25 to 30
rooms ; no . agent. Address A. • 8.. box 8000,
Call office. ■- '■ ' ' ' ' '■" ■ -'■•'■■
39 ROOMS, near Powell and Post sts. ; sun in
every room. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market.
. . ,-. ..... lTUKAfl£^^
PIEBCE^RODOLPH Btorage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post Bt., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
AT 26 Morris aye.. off Harrison Bt., near Sixth —
Sunny 5 big-room house, good repair, $18;
water free; big yard; big cellar.
BA i -WINDOW house 6 rooms and bath. 351
Lexington ave^
ELLIS ST. — 7-room house, bath, yard.; rent
$15. Apply «2« Eddy
MARY, 2% near Fifth and Mission— 7 rooms;
double parlors; $22 50.
MODERN residence, 3415 Jackson st. : grand
view; 1 1 rooms and bath. Apply MADISON
& BURKE, 626 Market at.
PERRY. 2CS, near Fourth--4 rooms and yard;
rent $8; water free. Apply to G. H. UMB-
BEN & CO.
RINCON place. 30 — Sunny house, 8 rooms, bath,
large yard, $25.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$16—6 ROOMS, bath; lower part. 12 Guy 1 place,
off First St., above Folpom.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
NEW house of 5 rooms: latest Improvements :
cars pass the door. 32398 Sixteenth st., near
i iuerrero.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A 5-ROOM cottage to let — Large garden; fine
back yard; everything convenient- 4409
Twenty-fourth st. ; rent $11.
COTTAGE; $5; 3 rooms. Apply 2643 Bryant
aye., near Twenty-fifth st.
FIVE sunny rooms, with marine vie-w; rent
$12; 2o Reed St., near corner Washington and
Leavenworth;- half a month free rent. A. _.
SPECK & CO., 6'J2 Market st.
$10— NEAT cottage 4 rooms; yard. 1705 Turk
St., corner of Scott.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms, cellar, yard. 48S
Linden aye., near Hayes and Laguna sts.
50— COTTAGE, 4 rooms and bath; largo
basement and yard. 7 Hartford Bt., near
Eighteenth and Castro.
$18— SUNNY, cottage; 6 rooms and bath and
stable: corner of Dolores and Cumberland.
FURNISH 1 1 D FLATS.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath; newly decorated;
furnished complete; rent reasonable to right
party; reference required. 3 Hartford St.,
noar Castro and Klghteenth sts.
FLATS TO LET.
A— NICE 5 rooms and bath, 577 Geary st., $27.
A— 7-room cottage, 508 Mason st.,' $35.
A— « nice flats and houses, Pacific Heights.
At A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market st.
A.A.— DALE place, 12, off Golden Gate aye.,
bet. Leavenworth and Hyde sts.— 4 rooms.
| m , . ____ j
BUCHANAN, 916— Sunny corner bay-window
flat 6 renms, bath; $16.
CHATTANOOGA. 214— New modern flats, upper
and lower; 6 and 5 rooms; bath; $22 and $18.^
CLAYTON, 874, south of Frederick — Modern
sunny flat of 4 rooms and bath.
DIAMOND, 224, near Nineteenth— Sunny mod-
ern flat 5 room."; stable optional.
FLAT, 6 rooms. $14; also cottage. 625 Second
street.
HAVES, 338— Branch office of The CaiL _üb-
eciiptions and ada taken.
HENRY, 132. near Fourteenth— Flat of 5 rooms
and bath, with stable.
JACKSON, 1006 H. above Mason— Nice sunny
flat, 5 rooms and bath.
MCALLISTER, 726— Upper flat; 7 rooms, bath;
rent $27: key at 725.
i'Ki T place. 101, corner of Sacramento—
$13; sunny flat; range'; hot and cold wa.ter^
SCOTT 1713— Flat of 5 rooms and bath; tent
$14.
SHIPLEY, 287. near Sixth— sl3 50; flat of 6
rooms and bath.
SHOTWELL, 12, near Fourteenth— sl7; cozy
upper flat, 5 rooms; bath; yard.
SIXTEENTH, SlTfi. near Guerrero— Flat, 4
rooms, bath, cheap; also store and nice living
. rooms.
SUNNY bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath: cot-
tage, 5 rooms: cheap. NE. cor. Dolores i 15th.
TURK. 510- Sunry upper flat. 5 rooms; bath;
laundry; c.?iiar, etc.; no children.
TW_CNTY-THIR©, !■'. '■■■• reen HarrtoOß and
Alabama- -4 sunny room*, bath; cellar.
UEPER bay ■ window flat, 5 rooms and bath;
modern improvements. 33 1 ,* Bowie aye., off
Eleventh st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 18 Moat-
gomery st.
2 OR 3 unfurnished rooms and bath. 1229 Mis-
sion st.. between Eighth ami Xlnth.
| $7— LOWER flat, 4 rooms. Apply 2643 Bryant
aye., near Twenty-fifth st.
$8 — THREE rooms, upper flat; sunny. 267 A
Dore St., off Harrison, near Ninth.
$IJ— 9IS GEARY st., 5 sunny rooms: water free.
$12, $14. $17; FLATS, light and sunny; 4, 5 and
6 rooms. 2209 Geary st.
$22 " r >- MODERN £-ro^m flat. 125 Ash aye.,
near Van Ness.
ROOMS FOB lIOt'SKKK J-.PIXU.
X— SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; kitchen and bedroom;
furniture all new; $2 per week, $8 per month;
suitable for 2 or 3 persons. Apply at shoe
store, 682 Mission St., bet. First and Second
sts.
ELLIS. 532— Four sunny unfurnished rooms.
Call 1 to 4.
CASTRO, 405, rear— 3 nice sunny housekeeping
roomn; large yard; stable If desired; cheap.
EDDY, 305—2 large sunny rooms; private fam-
lly. . '
ELEVENTH, 106, near Mission — Large sunny
housekeeping rooms; also single; reasonable.
FIFTH, 153^. — Sunny suit of rooms and houne-
keeping room: also other rooms.
FIFTH. 309 New bouse; suites 2 or 3 house-
keeping rooms; sunny; $12 up.
FIFTH, 350—2 front rooms for $12 and 2 for |10;
bath.
OOLDEN GATE, 1050—2 large sunny well fur-
nished rooms for light housekeeping; gas
stove; brth free: telephone.
GROVE, 131—1 tunny furnished room; suit-
able for light housekeeping.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Neea aye.— Sunny un-
furnished 3- room suite, with gas range.
Hi >\\ ARD, 10.12— Sunny front parlor and house-
keeping rooms.
I HOWARD, 1428— S sunny unfurnished rooms:
shed: large yard; rent $9. _^____^
\ HOWARD, 18038— 2 nicely furnished sunny
rooms, suitable for light housekpg if desired.
JON_!S»*3oaB— 2 sunny front unfurnished rooms-
bath tubs; $3; housekeeping.
LANGTON. 230^_— Floor of 3 rooms, furnished
for housekeeping; basement.
LARKIN, 433— Furnished bay-window; house-
keeping; reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH. 515— Two sunny rooms,
completely furnished fur housfkecping.
LEAVENWORTH. 517—2 unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; downstairs.
MCALLISTER, 22SA — 3 sunny unfurnished
rooms In private family for light housekeep-
ing; gas, bnth and telephone; no children.
HcA— LISTEIt- 1050—2 or 3 sunny furnished
rooms, gents or housekeeping; running water;
$6 u;<; adults.
MINNA, 28— Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing rooms: very low rent.
MINNA, 417— Sunny furnished rooms, complete
for light housekeeping: reasonable.
MISSION, IH3^-N«w house: nicely furnished
light housekeeping, also single rooms.
MISSION 1217— Sunny front suites complete for
housekeeping: $12. $14 and $16.
MOSS, 13. off Howard— 2 or 3 rooms furnished
for housekeeping.
NINTH. 21— Suite of sunny rooms, furnished
for light housekeeping; water and gaa.
OAK, 119 — Sunny front room, furnished nicely
for 2; light housekeeping; $5.
OCTAVIA, 1410, near Geary— Sunny rooms for
housekeeping; no children.
OFARRELL. 1393— Sunny suite of 2 rooms
nicely furnished, with running water; cheap.
PAGE, B—2 sunny unfurnished rooms; bath and
gas; reasonable.
POLK. 607— Sunny front rooms, furnished, In-
cluding piano; rent reasonable; also single
rooms.
POST, 922— Unfurnished sunny connecting
rooms; gas; water; yard; newly furnished
halls.
JH< >PT 921 — Sunny suite of rooms; conveniences
for housekeeping; private.
SCOTT, 1614— 1st floor of 3 unfurnished rooms;
bath, garden; $18; adults only.
SHIPLEY. 289 — 4 housekeeping rooms, $6; new
house; for adults only, and no animals.
SIXTH. 28% -Sunny front rooms complete for
light housekeeping; also single rooms; reas.
SIXTH. 216Vi— A nice sunny furnished room
and kitchen complete: also single; reasonable.
SIXTH. 561, rear— B good large unfurnished
rooms ; oheap.
SOUTH PARK. 184—2 sunny front rooms nicely
furnished for housekeeping; {11. >
HOUSEKEEPING UOO3lS— Continued. j
STEVENSON, 403, oor. Fifth-_arge furnished
housekeeping rooms complete; others cheap.
T_NTH, 136, corner Mission Front room, £ur-
ntshed for housekeeping; grate ajid water.
ROOMS TO LET-
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant ■
runny rooms: en suite or single; first-das*
In every respect: terms reasonable, ■
AT 52 Second— Double rooms per week. $1 50 to
$3; single. $1 to $1 50; day, 25c to 50c.
BRUNSWICK, 148 Sixth st., corner Howard-
Best appointed; centrally located; rooms en
suite or single, 23c to $1 night; $125 to $5
week; open all night; Howard-st. cars pass
house direct from all boatß and trains.
BALBOA The, 1049 A Market— hands;
renovated; rooms 50c. suites $1 per day; less .
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr'.tel.
BUSH 2242 unfurnished sunny rooms and
bath' for housekeeping; no children; $12.
CALIFORNIA. . 532 — Sunny - furnished rooms;
with or without board.
CARROLLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate-
Nicely furnished rooms and offices.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-'
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Sunny pleasant roomB; $6 per month
and 'upward.
EDDY 330— Handsome parlor suite; also single
rooms; carpets and furniture entirely new;
at reasonable reiit^ ■ •
ELLIS 611— Nicely furnished front alcov« I
room- also double bedroom; reasonable.
— ,
FIFTH, Unfurnished rooms to let.
GEARY, Newly furnished rooms, suite or
single;' no other lodgers.
GEARY, 1505— Nic_y furnished front room; 1
or 2 persons; $7.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE, — One or three newly fur-
nlshed; $5, $3, $10.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 7*>l Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to^s6 per week.
HARRISON, 7&ihi. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; ail conveniences;
quiet home; $1 week.
HASKELL, The. 121 Powell Cheap, neat,
light, sunny rooms; transients, gents preferd.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant
suites and single rms. ; transient. Mrs.- J. King.
HOWARD. PSS'-i — Neatly furnished sunny rooms
■ with bath; $1 25 week up; quiet house.
i HYDE. 609 — Nicely furnished sunny front room,
running water; gas, bath; gent 3 preferred; $12.
JESSIE, 439, bet. Fifth and Sixth— Large double
parlors, nicely furnished; quiet house; cheap;
jj£
JONES, 117— Nicely furnished large sunny bay-
window front room; private.
MASON, 225— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
singlo an* housekeeping; from $1 50 week up.
MINNA, 439— Furnished room* to let; reason-
able.
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
OAK. 336— Furnished and unfurnished large
sunny rooms. ,
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, Sunny furnished room; also
■ 1 single room. ' ■
POWELL. 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms; second floor; leasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TAYLOR, 323— Nicely furnished front rooms;
en suite or single; bath. gas. -
VALLEJO, 111. — 3 or 4 unfurnished rooms;
both: 3 closets; $12. ■ . - I
=
ROOMS AND HOARD.
BUSH, 822— Sunny suite; good board; hot and
cold water; .single rooms. ■ . -
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
GEARY. S22— Sunny rooms: hot and cold water;
i good table board; reasonable; gas; hath.
HOTEL Fairmount. 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class In every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2, $50 a month up.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant rooms: home cook-
' Ing'; parlor: piano; bath- gents; special rates.
SUNNY room or suite; private family; far
man and wife; must be first-class. Box 1567,
Call office. .
SUTTER, 112S— Elegant room and board; loca-
\ tion unsurpassed; reasonable.
VALENCIA, 1070— A pleasant sunny room, car-
peted, but unfurnished, with board.
VAN NES9 aye.. 519— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms: first-class table board.
.. CHILDREN BOARDED. •
CHILD to board; nice home; 1 block from
school: with music, $12 per month. Musical
Studio, 1414 Twenty-first aye.. East Oakland.
WANTED — or 2 children to board; room for
parents. 439 Minna Bt. .
- STORES TO LET.
CORNER store, Twenty-second and Castro sts.;
suitable for grocery and bar.
$9 AND $10: 2 stores with living room. 339 No»
St.. near Market; stable If desired.
$14— CORNER store, 4 rooms; stable; 3J51
Twenty-fourth st. ; Twenty-second-st. cars
pass.
OFFICES TO LET. /
EMM A " SPRECICELs" building, 927 M_*eir«t7l
light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents $11 30
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
MEDICAL*'
ALL ladies will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk st., has returned,
to the city and resumed business; a sure and j
safe cure for all female diseases from what- ]
ever cause; all those who are eick or discour- I
aged should call on the doctor and state their j
case before going elsewhere; they will find I
.her a true friend; home for patients, with I
'every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by I
■ MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy at., betwerh
» Hyde and Larkin. • •
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
euro at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall;-
travelers helped without delay; home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential; strong
Dills, SI; guaranteed cure, $5. MRS. DR.
WYETH,'2OB Turk St., near Jones. :
ALL Ladles— C only Dr.' and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace |
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure. relief, i
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home, |
etc.- babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free: con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 122S Market
st. ; pills. $1; very strong, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects- taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation oa all
epeoial diseases free. W.ALLER BROS., 28
Grant aye.. 8. P. - A caution— Before j pur-
chasing elsewhere write ua. . . ■ ■
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways In one day; safe and sure; no medi-
cine or Instruments used: consultation free;
eaves disgrace; pills and capsule*. $1; cure.
$5 By the well-known ladies' physician for
37" years. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
WOMEN'S ailments— in trouble. see Drs.
Goodwin free; reliable, safe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed; any complaints: no in-
Btruments; maternity home: best medical atr
tendance;- pills, $1; cure. $r>; hours. 19 to 8." Re-
moved from 401 D Van Ness to 1362 A Market.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cßses of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $6; travelers helped instantly;
consult free; confidential: hours. 9 a. m. to
sp. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. ,1122 Market st.
DR G. W. O'DONNELL, world renowned ape-
■ clallBt: all cases of monthly Irreguarities re-
stored; no matter what cause: all cases re-
lieved Immediately; call or write; confidential.
1023H Market st. ' . ■ ■ :'--■.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS _ C0.. 406 C1ay st.;
$1 60. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO.. 631 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MBS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home in confinement, with every
comfort: bent care and ' attendance: terms
moderate : Infants adopted Into good homea. ■
ALPEAITS French pills, a boon to la 'tea with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure: $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSOOOD BROS.. Const Agents. Oakland. Cal.
' ATTORNEYS AT LAW. _
ADVICE free: divorce •: laws; ■ private. . J. B.
, EVANS. 14 McAllister, next Hlbernla -Bank.
ADVICE free— W. P..' ADAMS,- 607 S Emma
. SpreckeU bldg., 927 Market; charges moderate.
L 8 CLARK— Spreckela bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket: consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. »I 7 Market ft. r
■ " * ■ -- . ■■•„"■■".■'■ ; - . - -
PERSONALS.
hereby notify the public that MR. FINCH,
our former driver, is no longer connected with
us and we are not responsible for any of his
actions. THE SUN LAUNDRY CO.. Oakland.
fct, RICHARD FURLONG, will not be respon-
sible for any debts contracted .by my wife,
\ DELIA FURLONG, the having left my bed
and board. '
WILL • HUGO KEEAMER communicate with
New York friends wlllinr to assist him?
Mother i» dead. ANNA.
LEDERER'S Quinonia is the only hair tonic
that softens the hair and makes it grow; 35c
bottle. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER'S Foamo. the^jew shampoo, is only
5c per package. LEDERER Is the best hair-
dresser in town: charges 25c only; open Sun-
days S to 12. 123 Stockton St.
CHRISTMAS Sale — Japanese bamboo furniture;
all kinds to order: wholesale and retail: coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO., 313 Sutter.
FOR comfort, durability, elegance and economy
have your shoes made to order at store prices
by Family Shoe Factory, 1550-1554 Market St.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House 44 Third St., near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to' $1 50 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SEE the handsome skirts and fur garments,
prices reduced, at HODGE'S. 905 Market st.
TOOTHACHE — Use One-Minute Toothache
Drops; for sale by all druggists: price 10c.
DRUMMERS' samples boys' suits, ages 3 to 16;
manufacturer's coat. 107 Sansome. upstairs.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
6UITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market fit., bet, 7th and Sth.
__. DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSMAKju^G always up to date satisfac-
tlon; prices reasonable. 218 Van Nes3 aye.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market: mpn and women teachera.
MME GOLDSTEIN— EIegant sty'.lsh dresses. $5
up: dres«oa made r,v»r. 3 Eddy st.. rms. 14-I.>.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION!
Returned.
MTTS DR. A. D. HOWS
• 'Has returned from her Alaska tour, and be*s
to inform her patients, both old and new, that
the has opened offices at The Vendome. 1104
Market st. . .
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of
all clairvoyants, who seeß It all. tell 3 you all
and Instantly gives you peace and happiness.
She never asks a question, but before you
litter a word she tells you In full of all that
you are Interested in; business, speculation;
love, marriage, divorce, tells of your friend*
and enemies.
To the Sick Eepeclally
Her assistance is priceless. Her •Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
nil diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin dtseases. heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
Bhe has made are the talk of the whole slope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. HOWE
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
MRs! J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
teat medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies; consult
when others fail: sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
ARRlVED— Business medium and palmist;
without questions tells you all you seek to
know; satisfaction guaranteed; consultation
free. 234^ Sixth st., room 5. -'
DR. LOUISE DREW, medium & healer; hrs..
10 to 5: minerals psychometrized. 1027% Mrkt.
M. FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dlum. 118 Halght St.
MRS S ELLIS: testa to all; Tues.-Frl... 2 p. m.
Mon.. 8. 25c: Fittings SI. 233 Valpncla st.
CLAIRVOYAXTS.
MME LENEMAR tells by planets: predicted
rescue UMW-Ugtl'l str. Gold. '74. 23% Sixth st.
MME ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. , 1169 Mission st>
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 221 Sixth
street. - ■ -
YOUR future told by cards: ladles 10c; gents
25c; satisfaction guaranteed. 77 .Ninth st.
MISS PEARL LAMAR; card reading. 230
Kearny St., rooms 14-15. -
CONSULT the lucky medium. 34Ji Minna St.,
near Fifth. •
1 MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 2nc up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.
i .MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth, mi. It.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 314 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has oren^rl nn office at 31.' O'Farrgil st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT $5 50" PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD.
$3 50 per month rent; new pianos.
H»ine upright ....$295 00
etelnway upright IS7 50
Chickering upright 235 00
Sohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
136 Ellis st.. Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for IS
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
i gate and approve this method; prices are the
same a» If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good piancs for $3, $4 and
$5 "per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
' 26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
YOU want a piano? Why not call on us?
SCOTT, CT'RTAZ PIANO CO. We rent, we
pell we buy for cash. We own our own
building. We guarantee anything purchased
from us for ten years. 560 Hayes st..
DURING the next few w»ek.-i while our store
is belni? remodeled we will offer the. greatest
bargains in pianos and musical merchandise:
call and get our prices. ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
A STEINWAY, $175: Steck. $150; Estey. $225:
Fischer. $2jo; Weber. $200: easy payments;
pianos rented $1 50 up; rent allowed on pur-
• chase. Bruenn's Piano Hous?, 204 Post st.
AN elegant Stelnway upright, but little us"d
and In perfect order; a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Warerooms, 181S M-irket st.
BENJ. CT'RTAZ A: SON. sole agents for Chirk-
erlng, Steck. Voseand Sterling pianos; easy
'" payments. 16- O'Farrell st.
A FINE Stelnway and new Chlckeringr uprigh:
sacrificed. KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Ness are.
MAGNIFICENT unripht piano. hl*rh grade,
' cheap for cash. Room 1?, Flood building.
SQUARE piano for sale very cheap. 1214 La-
guna st. I _____________*____
JSO— UPRIGHT piano and stool, good condition:
nice cabinet. $5 Installments. . 1115 Pos,t St.
BARGAIN: good Steinway upright; cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, npxt Hlbemia Bank.
A PIANO that will please you. the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st. > . : '
HAIN'ES' Bros, and other flrst-claSs pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new uprlsrht piano cheno: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest: prices lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st- •
KNABE pianos: new s<-ale: new stylae. KOH-
LER .t CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. /.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers. oM and new. H.
MULLER. maker, r.p'irer '.' T^itham rlffe.
~~~ EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'3 Business College. 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business ■' practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sui-
veying. assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1392; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st. ; indi-
vidual instruction in shorthnnd, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life scholarship. $50; low rates
per week and month.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing mech survey, assay, archit.; day & eve. ;
est.' 1564. VAN DERNAILLEN. 933 Market.
WANTED quick— Amateur actor; utility; mean
. business; no triflers. FOOTE, Geary.
ELOCUTION & oratory: F. C. Caldwell; 16 vra.
experience. Emma SPrefkele Bids., 927 Mirket.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano. ■ cornet, I mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3941 24th at.
PRIVATE academy of dancing: waltzinz a
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY. 6A Hyde.
KAN FRANCISCO Business College, 123 C Mar-
ket st.; 400 positions secured In last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically i
- .taught: short tlnr?. Tarr. s'? Parrott bldg. i
~ PHYSICIANS.:;; . c
REMOVAL Notice— C. C. O'Donnell, office
and residence, 1021% Market, bet. 6th and 7th. ;
• CITY REAL ESTATE. _
BARGAIN call and see it; house of 10'
rooms; lot 25x100; 100 feet from Mission St.; 18
Powell aye. J. F. PLUMBE, 1402 Valencia.
NICE house and lot in Napa to trade for Rich-
mond lots. O. D. BALDWIN & SON, 22
Montgomery st.
" COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
J76O— LARGE lot and 6-room cottage In town
of Santa Rosa, A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602
ilarket st. -
'JIOSO— BARGAIN: must be cold; 16 acres. Lake
County, l\i miles from town, on county road
and running stream; 10-room residence; 10-
acre bearing orchard; % mile to school.
$3200—160 acres, Lake County; 80 acres un-
der cultivation; fine residence and buildings.
C. F. MOORE, 935 Market St.. room 4.
FOR sale — acres well-Improved, 1 mile from
Petaluma: cheap.' Box 472. Petaluma.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— until 9:SO
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
tion!! and want ads taken.
MONEYTOLOAN^
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOOXAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
, Sixth: telephone South 14.
LOANS to salaried peopie holding permanent
positions: no security except their name;
easy payments. New Era Loan Co., rm. 25,
1G03V6 Broadway, Oakland: hours 10 to 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob^
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, room 408. Parrott building.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland: no.re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. " BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY mount at 6H per cent on real estate. 2d
and Sd mortgages, ef«tate6, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason st.. opp. Olympk. Music Hall
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mlasion: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
- estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
ISO TO {50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dr:.-den. 413 Montgomery st.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— SIOOO at 6 per cent for 3 years on
. $5000 property. Address box 412, Call office. '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
GO to Oakland and live; fine new modern two-
story house, '■ now being built on Oakland
Heights; close to electric car; will be scld
on easy terms. JAS. S. NAISMITH, 464
Ninth at. _ -
LOOK at this; only $350; easy terms; 50x100 on
north side of street; seven minutes to local
station; bargain.
Best Investment properties in Oakland. See
JAS. S. NAISMITH, 464 Ninth st.
! : TO — New cottage, 5 rooms; all modern im-
; provements; lawn; flowers; water. free. 1434
Ninth St., bet. Mastlck and Enclnal stations,
| Alameda.
i WHY continue to pay most of your Income for
: house rent? Send for our Illustrated booklet.
"A Home for $5 per Month"; mailed free.
BELD'EN & COOK, Installment Home Build-
; ers. 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES. •
MODERN C-room flats, $12 to $~-7; no dark rms.;
Etove and porcelain bath: water, ash man
free; Adeline station, Oakland; key 940 Union
st. KOENIG & KROLL. 1006 Broadway. ,
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BROADWAY. 1220— Unfurn nouseitpg rooms,
carpets: reasonable to responsible parties.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and ch*ar> U. HK!,L-
HAAF' old ftnrg. 40S Kl"v»nrh it. S— V-
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1400— TO close an- estate: lot 40x100; modern
house, 7 rooms; 2 blocks from station and
school.
$1000— Snap: lot BOxKO: house of 4 rooms; 2
blocks from Morton-st. station.
18800— Colonial cottage, 7 rooms and
I 'bath: lot 42x150; elegant location: ea.=y terms.
Elegant home on Central aye. ; lot 50x207. See
this at once. Houses to let in r.ll parts of Ala-
meda. , H. P. MOREAL & -CO.
FOR SALE— 6O cents on the dollar; one 5. one 6
and one 7 room cottage; also for Investment.
2 two 2-story cottages, pay net 10 per cent;
best location. Apply to A. ,R. DENKE Sr.,
Web3ter-st. station, narrow-gauge.
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company, Installment home
builders and real estate agents, 1500 Park st.,
Alameda, Cal.
FINE modern 8-room residence In choicest part
of Alameda; a low offer will buy It. Mc-
AFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery St. '
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A— ssso; SMALL house, 4 rooms, in Berkeley,
near 'station; $25 down; $10 monthly.
$125; lot 25x130: $10 down. $5 monthly; near
California and Nevada Railroad. ■ .
CHARLES A. BAILEY, owner.
20 Montgomery st.
$3000— ROOM cottage:. bath, laundry; l^s acres;
12 mln. walk to Berkeley stn. Freese & Cod
dtngton. 2119 Stanford pi., opp. Berkeley gtn.
~ PROPOSALS.
BIDS Wanted — Notice is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
' of Directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
• tion at its office, room 13, 320 Sansome St.,
San Francisco. Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. m.,
Saturday, December 10, IS9B, and opened lm-
i mediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
ders, .for . furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County. Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountville), for six months commencing
January 1, 1899, and ending June 10, 1599.
Schedules with Information and Instuctl6ns
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
• ■ carefully follow - the conditions •of the
schedules, and.no bid will be considered un-
less it is in accordance with such schedules. \
Each bidder must accompany his .bid with a
certified check upon i>..me *ell known and re- i
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid. payable to J.
C. Currier, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as. required
by law. . The board reserves the right to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over or under the 'amount specified.
Address J. .T. SCOVILLE, Secretary Veter-
ans' Home Association, room 13. 320 Sansome
St.. San Francisco, Cal. By order of the j
Board of Directors.
: > - . J. J. SCOVILLE. Keoretary.
LEGAL NOTICES.
iN^the Sup'erlor Court of the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California, Depart- |
ment No. . Amanda J. Fennell. plaintiff, |
vs Gerald M. Fennell, defendant. Action i
brought in the Superior Court, City and i
County at - San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, and the complaint filed In said City
ar.d County of San Francisco, in : the - office
of the Clesrk of eald Superior Court..
The People of the State of California s*>nd i
greeting to Gerald M. Fennel!, defendant.
You are hereby required to appear in an ac-
tion brought against you by the above-named
plalnttff In the Superior Court City and
County of San Francisco. State of California, !
and to answer the complaint filed therein !
within ten days (exclusive of the - day of i
bervice) after the service on you of this
eumm-.'ns. If served within this county; or.
If served elsewhere, within thirty days.
The said action Is brought to obtain a Judg-
ment and decree of this court dissolving, the j
I bonds of matrimony now existing between
plaintiff arW defendant, upon the ground of
defendant's desertion of plaintiff and also on
- the ground of his wilful neglect of her; also
• for general relief, as will more fully appear
in the. complaint on file, to which special ref-
erence Is hereby made. .-. •
. All of which will more fully appear In tha
' complaint on file herein to which you are
hereby referred. . . "■ ■
And you are hereby notified that if you fail
to appear and answer the said complaint, as !
above required, the paid plaintiff win apply
to the court for the relief therein demanded.
Given under my hand and seal of - said
3 Superior Court at the City and County of San
Francisco. State of California, this 28th day
of SeptemDer, in the year of our Lord, 'one
thousand eig-ht hundred and ninety-eight.
[Seal.] C. F. CURRY. Clerk.
By JOSEPH RIORD AN, Deputy Clerk. .
IF ALBERT ELSEY CARVER, who was. re-
siding in and near Vancouver, B. C, during
the -years 1891 to 1895,' and afterward In Call- j
' fornia, and was . last heard of In Sonora,
Tuolumne County. Ca!., about June. 1896, will j
apply" to the undersigned he will • hear of
something to his advantage. WELLS &
HINT). Solicitors. Nottingham. England.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
" Birth, marriage . and 'death ! notices i sent by
mall' will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at. either of the publication offices and be
..indorsed with the name. and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
HERRMANN— this olty. ' November 27, IS9B,
to the wife of James Herrmann, a son. ■-,--
1 ■ -■ . - . ■ . . *..--■.-' - - ■ . . .-. ■ ,- ■ ' t - •■.--;-
THORNE— In this city, November 17, 1898, to
the wife of 3. VT. Thome, a daughter.
MARRIED.
RAILTON— STONE— In this city, November 26.
laSB. at the residence of F. P. Stone, by the
Rev. I>r. Spaulrtlnff, H. Edward Alfred Rail-
ton and Josephine L. Stone, both of San
P^ianclsco.
DIED.
Ainsworth, Emma C. Lajus, Ernestine
Bartman. Lillian A. Lowrie, Mrs. E.
Byrnes, Annie McKernan, Ellen
Curran, Michael MoKntee. —
Casey. Jerry Madden. Eleanor M.
Daubs, Frances R. Nevandcr. Sophia
Donahue, James Porter, David
Fice. Richard Ross, John D.
Green. Clara A. Truett. Mortimer K.
Hinriehs. John F. Touhill. Edmund B.
Holland, Mary A. C. Vanderbilt, Mary F.
Kelly, Frank Vagg, Sarah C.
AINSWORTH— In Oqjcland, November 26, 1898.
Emma C. Atnsworth. sister of H. P. Green
of San Francisco, a- native of Illinois, aged 58
years. •- • ■■ - - ,
G7"Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Albert Brown, 468 Thirteenth street, Oak-
land. Interment Sacramento. ... ' .
BARTMAN— this city. November 2«, 18S8,
Lillian A., beloved daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Anthony Bartman. and. sister of Emll, Hor-
tense, Antoinette and Edwin Bartman. a na-
tive of California, . aged 22 years 10 months
and 23 days. ' . • •.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to. attend the- CuDesad to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence; 632 Chestnut street between Powell
and Taylor. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery-
BYRNES— In this city, November 26, IS9S. An-
nie, beloved daushter of Peter and Sarah
Byrnes, sister of Arthur, Thomas and Mamie
Byrnes and Mrs. C. J. Edwards, and niece of
Mrs. Marjory Kerns, .a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 22 years 3 months and 2S days.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend" the - funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at S:3O o'clock, from the residence
of the parents. 120 Hawthorne street, thence
to St. Patrick's Church, where - solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at '.• o'clock.- Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
CURRAN— In this city. November 26. 1898,
Michael, beloved husband of Ann eurran,
and father of Thomas E. Curran, Mrs. W.-F. •
Kelly and Mrs. E. G. Schulz, a native, of
County Cavan, Ireland, aged 61 years.
(C?"Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to titterni the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from' his late
residence, 2838 ■ Mission street, thence to St.
James Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of hta
soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . . . , : . . .
CASEY— this city. November 25. IS9B, Jerry
Casey, a native of Attleborough,' Mass., aged
40 years. : . ■
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors Of
Valente, Marini Co.. 1524 Stockton st. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ...
DAUBS— In this city. November £6, 1898". Fran-
ces R.. beloved wife of George W. K. Daubs,
a native of New Orleans. La., aged 48 years
and 2 months. (New York and Philadelphia
papers please copy.)
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited lo attend the funeral this day
(Monday), .it 2 o'elrck, from the funeral par-
lors Gf Porter & White. 122 Eddy street. .In- .
terment L O. O. F. Cemetery.
DONAHUE— In this city, November 27, 1898.
Nt St. Mary's Hospital. James Donahue, a
native of County Longford, Ireland,, aged 45
years. (New York papers please copy.)
• Remains at the parlors of McAvoy &
Co.. 1235 Market street, between Eighth and
Ninth.
FICE— In this city. November 26, IS9B. Rich-
ard, beloved husband of Delhla Fice; and
father of Mrs. F. W. Larkin and Henry.
Ella, George', Clara, Richard and Jenn;e
Fice. a native of Germany, aged 53 years und
2 months. (New York paners pleas" copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from hrs lat.a resl-
' dence, 238 Noe street, thence to Mission Do-
lores Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GREEN— In this ci»y. November 27. 189 S. Clara
Agnes beloved daughter of Oscar and Mary
Green, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
months and L day.
HINRICHS— In this city. November 26. 1898.
John F ; beloved husband of Anna Eliza Hin-
richs brother of Nicholas Hinrichs. and
brother-in-law of Jasper Botters and John
Murray and uncle of Ltllie Botters. a native
of Hamburg, Germany, aged 61 years 1 month
and 14 days. . . ,
$y Friends and acquaintances ar- ; respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, ' from his late resi-
dence 2012 Larkin street., thence to St.
Bridget's Church, where a requiem high ma3S
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
i 'roes Cemetery. .'• .
HOLLAND— In this city,. November 27. tSK,
at the residence of her .father.' 9 Washington
avenue, Mary A. Cecelia, beloved daughter of
William J. and the late Hannah Holland^
and sister of William J. Jr. and the late
late Maggie and T. F. Holland, a. native of
San Francisco.
[CTNotice of funeral hereafter.- • •
KELLY— In this city. November 26, 1898. Frank,
beloved brother of Paul Kelly, a native of
the parish of Balllnascreen. County Derry.
Ireland, aged 34 years. '
[T? Friends and acquaintances and members
of A. O. H. No. 3 are respectfully invited, to
attend the funeral this day (Monday, *t 8:45
o'clock, from the parlors of Carew & English,
41 Van Ness avenue, thence to. St. Paul's
Church, Twenty-n'.nth and Church streets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be -cele.-
bvated for the repose of Ms soul, commencing
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross- Ceme-
tery. . .....
LAJUS— In this city. November 26, IS9B, Er-
nestine, beloved wife of Marc Lajus, and
mother of Luclen, Baptiste, ~,ucie. Marie
and Bertrand Ortet, a native of France, aged
57 years 7 months and 9 days.
(E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this- day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 814 Montgomery street. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery. . ... , .' •
LOWRIE— In Decoto. November 26. IS9B, Mrs.
Elizabeth Lowrie, mother of Mrs. Ezra De-
coto, R., W. J.. P. G.. J. M. and D.--C.
. Lowrie and the late Mrs. Adolphus Decoto.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
Ezra Decoto. ' . .
Mc-KERNAN— this city. November 27. IS9B.
Eilen beloved wife of the late John McKer-
' nan. and mother of Philip and Annie Mc-
" Kernan Mrs. Thomas Mangan and the late
William Walsh, a native of County Kilkenny.
Ireland, aged 71 years. ■ ■ ■
'■ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), nt 8:30 o'clock., from her late resi-
dence, 37"3 Seventeenth street, thence to Mis-
' sion Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at '9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
"McENTEE— In this city, November 27. 1395,
beloved son of John and Elizabeth McF.ntee,
' and brother of Edward W., Myrtle and Ber-
nard McEntee. a native of Stm Franclsc*
aged 4 years 9 months and 11 days.
MADDEN —In this city, November 2.". 1898.
Eleanor Merrltt, dearly beloved wlfiT of Wil-
liam M. Madden, daughter of Charles M. and
Lizzie J. Nichols, and : ister of Charles C.
and Henry D. Nichols,
(CTFuneral services will be held this day
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, at the Church of St.
Mary the Virgin, corner of Union and Sterner
streets. Interment private.
NEVANDER— In this city, November 26. 1838,
Sophia beloved wife of Alex Nevander, and
most dearly beloved mother of Bertha and
Aleck Nevander. a native of 3 -nland, aged
55 years and S months.
([^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully toy i to attend the fun-.-ral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from *.er late resi-
• dence. 17-. icfssling street, eff Eleventh, be-
• tween Howard and Folsotn. Interment
• Mountain View Cemetery.
PORTER— In Ocean View," November 25, IS9S,
David beloved husband or Ann Porter, and
father of Mrs. Georsre Aitchlson, Mrs. David
Donald and David K. and Agnes K. Porter,
a native of Carsbarracks Forfar, Scotland,
aged 63 years 8 months and 7 days.-
■• B^Friends and acquaintances ' are respect-
fully Invited to .attend the funeral to-morrow
- (Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, • from his late 'resi-
dence. 143 Victoria street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. . *
ROSS— In this city, November 27. 189S, John
D beloved husband of Margaret Ross,- and
father of Adam. Robert. Dorothy and .Mar-
garet . Rosa, a native of Scotland, aged 61
years. ■ *■'■';■'
|C7Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the -funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from 2019 Turk street.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
TRUETT— In this city, November 26, IS9B. Mor-
timer Kenneth Truett, a native of Illinoli.
aged £9 years 1 month and 11 days.
TOUHILL^-In Dawson, October 11, 1888, at St.
Mary's Hospital, Edmund Butler, dearly be-
loved and only son of Annie and the late
Maurice Touhlll. a i native- of San Francisco.
VANDERBILT— In San Rafael, November 27,
IS9S. Mary F.. beloved wife of William van-
derbiit, and mother of Frank. Charles,' N-i-
lie and Newell Vanderbllt and Mrs. Thomas
Fallen, a native of. lreland, aged 59 years 3
months and 2 days. • ►
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), in Tomales, on arrival of 10:S0
a. m. train from San Rafael to Tomales.
VAGG— In Oakland, November 27. . 1898, Parah
C devoted wife of ! Wllltam S. \ agg, and
Bister of the late Robert G Wilson, a native
' of Guernsey, England, aged ES years.
ICT-Frlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fulTv Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at 2 o clock, from ber late resi-
dence 1120 Wood street. West Oakland.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALJ.TER3.
20 Fifth »t., opposite Lincoln School..
Telephone South 80. '. i': > ■■';."■ - ■:
"b"mc!a v7)Y"ri3anager. ~ ~*"
I fIfIcAVOY <fc CO.. ■..*>.-
9 FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBaLMER»
1 1236 Market st, between Bth and 2th.
g Telephone. South 247.
910
IDLY HANDS
PERFORM TIE
LAST SAD RITES
Sepulture of Baldwin
Fire Victims.
SOLEMN MASONIC OBSEQUIES
TWO LODGES CONDUCT IMPRES
SIVE EXERCISES.
J. L. White, the Hero of the j?ire,
and J. M. Leithead Interred
With Customary Honors
of the Order.
"When hp dieth he. shall carry nothing
away; his glory shull not descend after
him."
It la the worshipful master of Excelsior
Lodge of Masons, softly intoning the Im
pressive funeral.' service of the order over
the remains of Jonathan Lloyd White,
hero of the Baldwin Hotel fire.
Masonic Temple was thronged by per
sons who knew decedent in his lifetime
and cami to pay tribute to his memory.
People from all stages of life were pres
i their tears with those of
the dead man's. kith and kin. They knew
thai In the somber casket before them,
silent In death, lay one of God's noble-
Carroll ( Jobk, master of Excelsior Lodge,
condueud the servi< es of the order. Henry
I. Kowalakl delivered a short address.
ewalled the untimely end of this
man, sayi::g:
"Men naay come and men may go, but
it will :• Vi r be your good fortune to know
a more honest, a more candid, a more
tji nerous man Than our dear comrade,
who has been bo suddenly called from
-. us."
The speaker said the dead man was en
titled to better protection • than that ac
corded him and tiia-t there should be suffi
cient, strength in the majesty of th<
to provide safeguards' for him and for
others.
During the- services Organist Samuel D.
Mayer, assisted by J. H. Ogilvle, J. O.
Low and J.. R. Jones rendered several
Bweetlj solemn selections. The palllnar
ere: W." 8.-. Webster, A. J. Fl 1,
J. W. Nash, J. W. Cameron, C. Bonin,
and E. Friend. " -There were flowers in
lan. A sim-ple cross bore the in
scription: "For his mother, from William
A massive broken wheel was
fferirig of -Mr. and. Mrs. C. G. Geb
hardt. ' . ■
Interment.. .was" in Masonic Cemetery,
whithi • friends : followed all that
remained of a man, beloved of all, who,
: I'rtK ,';had passed within the glow
, : Kindheßs ahfl of his geniality.
No sooner had. the funeral • cortege of
Mr. White left tftfi room. than the solemn
...I" tbe'jMasonic ritual again fell
upon Uh ear: • "Another victim of the flre,
James McKay Leithead. This time the
mourners • who' surrounded .-the bier were
not of the man's flesh arid . blood, but
:< who had been dear to him in
.1 mother
awaits with- tear' dimmed eyes the home
coming of lier; boy,' not in 'the flesh but
as lifeless Hay:'.
The members atal Lodge. under
liipful Master E. F. Delger. escorted
the bo depot; whence it will be
ed to -.Canada. As the flower-laden
borrii from the- room,, the pa
thetic strain's; of: "Home, Sweet Home"
came softly from the: orga.n.- seeming to
: . room .'with' a new light.
*'So mote it be:": . ■ ■
SICKENING ODORS
ABOUT THE RUINS
Urgent Necessity of Clearing Away
the Baldwin Hotel
Debris.
The MrkVnin.ET odor, of decaying flesh be
came very strong' yesterday in the center
of the Baldwin Hotel ruins. Several
wreckers who- intend to bid on removing
bria were' surveying the Job and
they noticed the unmistakable scent while
in the-, theater. They investigated, expect
ing .very moment to discover the unrec
ognizable remains of Home unfortunate.
The stench was strongest near the brick
wall which separated the hotel from the
theater, but.no body was found. The de
bris t h.re is fully thirty feet in depth,
and as the dangerous walls were still a
. ■ t" any one within them
no digging wks -done.
A suspicious "Odor also arises from the
black pile near th.- corner, of Market and
■aid the friends of Judge
John Carter expert to find his mutilated
body somewhere in that locality. As far
■ be learned tit- was bust seen on the
fifth floor above the drug store.
The wrecking pang which began tearing
down the Market-street wall Saturday did
not put in an appearance yesterday, and
in consoouence the <rowd which lined the
south side of Market street was deeply
disappointed. It bad been announced that
the Market-street wall would be pulled
down yesterday, and when the people saw
ropes attached to the girders on the fourth
floor they expected every moment to see
th" menacing wood and and brick work
come tumbling down. Hundreds waited
for hours and, becoming tired and dis
prtis"' 'i. ].ft the scene to newcomers.
About "> o'.elock firemen climbed up the
main cupola 1 and turned a stream on a
smoldering fire which was being fanned
to a blaze by the •■veiling breeze. This di
verted the attention of the spectators for
a few" minutes.
ne-se.eTns to know when a search for
bodies will • begin, or whether a special
search, aside from the wreckers, will be
ollowetK The furniture from the grotto
whi<!' collld be got at was removed yes
terday through h<-.]cs in the sidewalk.
St. Andrew's Brotherhood.
The St. Andrew? Brotherhood of the
fllocesp at California will meet in conven
tion at . St. John's Church, Fifteenth
street, next Wednesday evening at 8
D'clock. Bishop Nichols of California,
Bishop McKim of Japan and Bishop Rows
of Alaska .will, be present and make ad
dresseal'.' The-re wi!l he a full musical
service, to which the public is invited.
'. ADVERTISEMENTS.
Little Folks
Toy Tea Sets , Mugs-, Kindergar-
ten Sets', Plates, Napkin Rings.
Given away free with
American's Best
Yeas, Coffees, Spices
GreatAmeficanlmp&rt'gTea Co.
&61MnrKet. oi. Powell 705 Larlctn St.
140 Sixth St. 1419 Polk St.
218 Third »'t. 181© DevlaadoroSt.
606 Kearny St. 2008 Flllmore St.
146 .Ninth St. 521 Montgomery Ay.
2510 Mission St. 1190 Kentucky St.
8006 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
BSS Hayes St. 32 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES:
1053WaeMogtonSt. 131 San Pablo Aye.
617 Broadway. 616 E. Twelfth St.
1510 Sevcuth St.
ALAMEDA— 13J>$ Park St.
SAN BaFAEI.— B St.. near Fonrth.
Tf "c also sell
C^iffA, ROCKERY, Glassware
Cheapest Price ' irv America
VrltofwOataltjwf. j
THE WRECK OF THE ROSARIO.
Captain E. Coffin Returns From the Arctic and
Describes the Disaster.
CAPTAIN EDWIN COFFIN of the wrecked whaler Rosario arrived In this city Saturday, and brings with him a
story of Arctic adventure that Is well worth the telling. He has traversed every Inch of the Arctic seas, but his
latest adventure appeals to him ay the most interesting of all.
Sitting before a blazing flre In his room at the Russ, yesterday afternoon, Captain Coffin told the story of his
ship's destruction.
"The wreck, occurred July 2, of this year," he said. "We left Point Barrow August 17, 1897, In search of the crew
of the bark Xavarach. The ice was running like a strong tide and drove us toward the shore. We were but two and
a half days going down from the Point, but it took nineteen hard days beating our way back. We passed within
four miles of the crew, but the haze was BO dense we did not see them. They were rescued afterward by the steamer
Thrasher which came along their path by accident.
"I tell you the ice began to come up big and strong. It drove us onto the beach and we were three days getting off.
On September 30 we were entirely frozen in, about three-quarters of a mile from shore. Then we worked at It and cut
our way out for about all the distance, there being just 150 feet of Ice left between our ship and the shore. Here
we wintered, preparing everything for the long hibernation. We did not suffer from want of food or supplies. Other
vessels were' In such a predicament, I understand, but we were all right in that respect. Our only difficulty was the
scarcity of coal, for which we were obliged to send to Point Barrow. We hauled it forty-five miles in dog teams. It
took ten days to make this trip and it was severe traveling, I can tell you. During the winter we got sixty deer and
we had a ton of frozen fish on the ship at the time of her destruction.
"On July 2 the crush came. We were forced bodily on the shore Ice, our rudder carried away, the masts ground
to splinters and the Rosario was turned on her side to an angle of 38 degrees with the Ice. The crush came
so quickly we were obliged to leave the ship at once if we wished to save ourselves. She kept careening from one
side to the other and finally settled. on her stern with the bow up In the air. the ice. eight to ten feet in thickness,
forcing her up. We had just five minutes to get out and not even the ship's chronometer was saved.
"For thirty days we lived in tents alongside the ship and could do nothing to save her from being ground up
In the ice. The crew left about August 8 for Point Barrow, I with them. They came down on the Bear and I came
on the steamer Fearless."
SHOT TO SAVE
THE LIFE OF
HIS SISTER
Brothers -in - Law In
Deadly Combat.
ROW IN A LODGING HOUSE
LOUIS HJORTH TRIES TO KILL
O. A. WEST.
Both Men Are Arrested After a
Struggle and Formally Charged
at the City
Prison.
In a moment of anger I>ouis Tljorth, a
rook, last night, fired a shot at his broth
er-in-law, C. A. West, a longshoreman.
That the bullet did not take effect was no
fault of Hjorth. He intended to kill West,
and when arrested for the offense bitterly
regretted that he did not send his relative
to the Morgue.
Both the prisoner and his intended vic
tim live at 5 Stevenson street-
Last night West, who was under the in
fluence of liquor, invited his brother-in
law to go with him to a saloon on Market
street. They had several drinks together,
and as West was scarcely able to navi
gate Hjorth induced him to go home with
him.
After reaching the house West, who is
married to Hjorth's sister, proceeded to
abuse her. Hjorth Interfered and was
promptly knocked down by his infuriated
brother-in-law. Fearing further violence
at his hands Hjorth went to his trunk and
got a revolver.
Just then West entered his room and
told him to pray, as he was going to kill
him. Thinking he intended to carry his
threat into execution, Hjorth pointed the
revolver at him and fired. West fell to
the floor with a groan as if mortally
wounded.
Policeman Donovan was standing 1 only
a few feet from the house, and, hearing
the shot, quickly entered. On the floor
lay West, apparently fatally Injured,
while over him stood Hjorth, with his re
volver pointed at his supposed victim.
Donovan quickly seized Hjorth, and after
a short struggle disarmed him. West
then jumped to his feet, and after de
claring that he was not injured started
to leave the place.
Donovan also arrested him, and at the
City Prison he booked him for drunken
ness. A charge of an assault to commit
murder was recorded against Hjorth. The
latter claims that West has been in the
habit of beating his sister, and as he
seemed determined to make her a sub
ject for the Coroner last night, he con
cluded to Interfere.
"After I had called him down," said
Hjorth, "he started after me. He first
caught me by the throat, and 'whdi I
screamed for help he knocked mo down.
When I regained my feet he started after
me again, and, thinking he would kill me,
I got my revolver and fired at him. If I
thought that he was feigning when he
fell 1 would have fired the remaining
shots at him."
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY la
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because it is pure.
Applied Art Club Exhibit.
The Christmas exhibit of the, Applied
Art Club crowded the studio at 928 A Sut
ter street. Saturday afternoon and even
ing. Leather and wood carvings, fine
etchings and a rare collection of porce
lains and bronzes were exhibited. A
large number of works of art were dis
posed of, the wood carvings, etchings and
paintings by such well known artists as
Misses Sylvia Ciphers, Agnes Flint and
Minnie Lindsey commanding especial at
tention. The sale will continue until af
ter the holidays. The following artista
have contributed to the exhibit: Misses
Flint. Brlnd, Soule, Lindsey, Thomas and
Ciphers.
Anakeais cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address Anakesls, New York. •,
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1898.
NEW COACH FOR
THE BLUE AND
GOLD TEAM
Nelson Poe of Prince
ton Is Selected.
COCHRAN IS AROUND AGAIN
SENSATION THAT WAS NAR
ROWLY MISSED.
The Princetonian Was Ready to
Tackle Murphy When That Long
Seventy-Five Yard Run
Was Made.
The news that the University of Cali
fornia had practically selected its foot
ball coach for next season was learned
yesterday afternoon. He will be no other
than the great Princeton quarter, Nel
son Poe, of the famous Poe football fam
ily, a descendant of Edgar Allen Poe, the
great American genius, and a brother of
Arthur Poe, now the most prominent foot
ball player in America.
When seen yesterday afternoon in re
gard to this matter Garrett Cochran, who
is yet in this city, said:
"Yes, there is every probability that
Nelson Poe will be out here next season.
I have advised the University of Califor-
nia footbail management to secure his ser
vices, as he is undoubtedly the best coach
in the country to-day. I know that he
will accept the position and will be only
too happy to take charge of the blue and
gold team. My returning to California
next year is out of the question, or you
may be assured that I would again find
myself with the California boys. But
they get a better man in Poe and I am
satisfied."
Yesterday was the first time Garrett
Cochran came out of his lair since the
Thanksgiving game. He was advised to
sequester himself for his own protection,
which he did so successfully that he was
considered lost. Inquiries Concerning his
whereabouts proved futile, and only a
few of his most intimate friends could
locate him. The reason for his conceal
ment was to avoid the many social cour
tesies which the supporters of the uni
versity had determined to force upon
him, so he permitted himself to be buried
at his hotel until the storm blew over.
Few people knew of the strain under
which Cochran labored the last few days
of the practice. He is willing to talk it
over now that the game has been played
and won.
"Why I was more nervous than I have
ever been in my life," he said. "I could
neither eat nor sleep the last twenty-four
hours before the teams lined up in the
field. When Murphy caught the ball and
ran for that famous stretch of seventy
five yards my heart was banging my ribs
to their destruction. I started after him
and never ran faster. I was practically
keeping up with him along the side lines,
and 1 honestly believe that had not Hall
tackled him when he did I would have
so far forgotten myself as to lunge out
and bring nim down. You can't imagine
how I was itching to cut short his long
and beautiful run. When . Hall caught
him I was ready to explode for Joy."
Nelson Poe is a football athlete with a
great national reputation. For three years
he played quarter back on the Princeton
team, graduating from that institution in
18%. His brothers were all famous on the
gridiron — Johnson Poe, who was at Prince
ton in IRS4 and 1885, and who was colonel
of the Fifth Maryland at Santiago; Edgar
Allen Poe, captain of the Princeton team
of 1889 and 1890; Johnny P. Poe, who has
the reputation in the East of being the
star of the family, and Arthur Poe, of
whom the Eastern papers are not yet done
talking on account of his wonderful eigh
ty-five yard run in the Princeton- Yale
game on November 11, winning the battle
for his college.
If possible Cochran will make a flying
trip to the coast next year to be with the
California team at least for a week.
Lurline Salt Water Batha,
Bush and Larkin sts. Swlmmlnc. Russian, hot
and cold tub batha. gal t water direct Xrom ocean.
BEGGED HIM TO
ALLOW HER TO
DIE IN PEACE
Mrs. Furman Tries to
Kill Herself.
SCORNS HER HUSBAND'S AID
SHE SHOOTS HERSELF IN THE
LEFT BREAST.
Desperate Attempt of a Prepossess
ing Young Woman to
End Her Exist
ence.
Domestic troubles impelled Mrs. E. T.
Furman. a prepossessing young: woman,
to attempt to end her existence yesterday
afternoon.
In a fit of despondency she fired a bul
let into her left breast while her husband
was in an adjoining room. The deed was
committed at her home, 321 Fourth
avenue. A physician was immediately
summoned, who late last night expressed
the opinion that the wound was fatal.
Shortly after noon yesterday the
woman left her home to visit her hus
band, who has an office at 6 Golden Gate
avenue. What conversation they had will
never be known, as the husband positively
refused to throw any light on the tragic
attempt of his wife to commit suicide.
It is known that the couple left the
office shortly after 1 o'clock and boarded
a Geary street car. After reaching their
home Furman entered the parlor and sat
down. A few minutes later a pistol-shot
rang out, and. suspecting that his wife
had shot herself, he ran into her room.
She was lying on the bed with a revolver
tightly clutched in her right hand. Blood
was flowing from a bullet-hole in her left
breast, and as Furman approached her
she feebly begged him to go away.
"Let me die in peace," she remarked as
her husband proceeded to stop the flow
of blood. "I know I will be better off in
the other world."
After taking the still smoking revolver
from her, Furman went In search of a
physician. Meeting Policeman Begley ho
told him of the tragic occurrence. Beg
ley suggested that the wounded woman
be taken to the Receiving Hospital, but
Furman refused to allow her to be moved.
After considerable trouble he managed to
find a physician who lost no Timo in
repairing to the house. An examination
disclosed that the woman was beyond
medical assistance. The bullet had en
tered the left breast over the heart, aiid
passing downward, had lodged in the in
testines. At a late hour last night her
death was momentarily expected.
Suspecting something wrong Policeman
Begley lost no time in notifying Chief
Lees. The latter sent one of his detec
tives to make an investigation. After
satisfying himself that the woman had
shot herself the detective so reported to
the head of the department.
Don't foi-gret German Mother's Syrup cure«
your child's cough. Better try It. 26c
Advent Season.
In the Catholic churches yesterday was
the first Sunday of the ecclesiastical year
and the first day of the advent season.
This season, as its name indicates. Is a
time for the preparation for the Advent,
or coming of Christ. As a part of this
preparation, the church, from time imme
morial, has prescribed fasting for all the
Fridays of the season, leaving to the dif
ferent local authorities and pastors the
adoption of such other spiritual observ
ances as they may deem conducive to the
celebration, in faith and devotion, of the
solemnity of Christmas.
A Drunken Boy.
John Connors, a boy 1G years of age,
was found helplessly drunk on Harrison
street late Saturday night by Policeman
Staples and sent to the City Prison. Yes
terday morning- Judge Joachlmsen, who
visited the prison to dispose of the
"drunks," gave the boy twenty-Cour
hours. The saloon men who sold him
liquor will be prosecuted.
NO SIGNS OF
BUBONIC PLAGUE
ARE FOUND HERE
Bacteriological Exami
nation Made.
NO BACILLI ARE DISCOVERED
MYSTERIOUS DISEASE WAS
ACUTE PNEUMONIA.
Chinese Did Not Recognize the Ail
ment in Time to Enable Them
to Obtain Proper Medical
Attendance.
The thorough Investigation made by the
Board of Health to settle once and for all
the scare over the bubonic plague has
resulted as members of the board ex
pected There is not now nor has there
been a sign of the disease in Chinatown.
The sanitary conditions of that section
of the city are better than they have been
in years.
The following statement, made yester
day by the executive officer of the Board
of" Health recites the exhaustive inves
tigation made by that body and its ex
perts and the conclusion reached:
"The Board of Health has always main
tained a watchful eye over the district
known as Chinatown," said he. "It is
no new thing to receive reports of the
existence of epidemics in this district.
On investigation, however, these rumor?
have Invariably been proven untrue. The
recent scare as to the existence of bubon
ic plague commenced about ten days ago
and culminated on Friday with a com
munication from the Chinese Consul
through Chief of Police Lees, who in
turn conveyed the information to the
Health Department that it was the belief
of the Chinese Consul that the plague
existed in Chinatown.
"In addition, the death of I.eong Chun
chew was reported by the physician in
attendance as presenting suspicious symp
toms of an unusual character, previous to
bis demise.
"For ten days prior to this time com
munications were received from Dr. Wor
lej of the Chinese mission, and from a
number of Chinese of the higher class,
stating that they were fearful of the ex
istence of some mysterious disease, pre
sumably the plague. As it was causing
rapid death to those stricken the Board
of Health quietly set about making a
thorough investigation of all cases of
sickness In the district. The City Physi
cian, Assistant City Physician and Pub
lic Vaccinator, with two health inspec
tors, thereupon were detailed to make a
systematic house to house search for sus
pected cases.
"The instructions were carried out to
the letter. A final report of the City
Physician showed that there were ab
solutely no cases of the bubonic plague
In Chinatown. The increased death rate
was largely due to cases of acute pneu
"The rapidity with which death
occurred in these cases is easily account
ed for by the fact that the affection was
not recognized sufficiently early by the
Chinese to enable them to obtain proper
medical attendance. Upon the death of
Leong Chun Chew and the notification of
the Health Department of the symptoms
attendant on his sickness, the Board of
Health decided as a result of a special
meeting held to consider the matter, to
make a further thorough investigation in
order to effectually settle the question of
the existence of the plague in this city.
"The city bacteriologist was ordered to
make a bacteriological examination and
autopsy in order to ascertain the exact
cause of death. The premises occupied by
the deceased Chinaman and the imme-
rliate neighborhood were placed under pro
visional quarantine until the result of the
bacteriological examination was made
known The examination was made, and
on Saturday at noon the bacteriologist
presented his report. No bacilli of the
bubonic disease were found. No glan
dular enlargements, which are peculiar to
that disease, were present. The cause of
death was ascertained to be acute,
diffuse inflammation of the kidneys, with
oedema of the lungs.
"The Health officials visited the Chinese
Consul on Sunday for the purpose of ob
taining such information as he possessed
upon the subject. The secretary of the
Consul stated that as far as the Consul
was concerned he had n& positive knowl
edge of the existence of the plague in
Chinatown. Only rumors had reached
him of the many cases of illness and
death, and he reported the same to the
Chief of Police.
"The Board of Health deprecates the
fact that any publicity was given the
matter pending the completion of its in
vestigations. The Health Department has
been ready at all times to take effective
measures to stamp out epidemics of con
tagious disease, and the action taken on
Friday and Saturday was purely pre
cautionary and entirely in line with the
daily work of the department looking to
the conservation of the public health and
the prevention of disease.
"Under the present administration much
has been done to improve the sanitary
condition of Chinatown, but a great deal
remains to be accomplished, and no ef
forts will be spared to carry out the plans
originally outlined by the Board of
Health.
"The public, therefore, can dismiss
their fears/"
Death of Rev. Dr. Platt's Wife.
A message by wire was received by
Horace G. Platt last Saturday, announc
ing the sudden death at Petersburg, Va.,
of his stepmother, Mrs. W. H. Platt, wife
of Rev. Dr. Platt. She was the daugh
ter of Hon. Kidder Mead of Virginia, wh<>
was United States Minister to Brazil dur
ing President Buchanan's administration.
When the Minister was presented to Em
peror Dom Pedro and the B^mpress ho
saluted the latter first and remarked in
explanation to the Emperor that in so
doing he. was honoring a custom of the
Virginians. Mrs. Platt lived in San Fran
cisco from 1572 until 18S2. The Incident
of her father's mission to Brazil was re
called by Dom Pedro when the latter vis
ited this city.
Anniversary Services.
Simpson Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church celebrated the thirteenth anniver
sary of its dedication yesterday. The pas
tor. Rev. John Stephens, prenched at 11
a. m. and at 12:30 p. m. A platform
meeting was also held at which C. B.
Perkins, superintendent of the Sunday
school, presided, and addresses were de
livered by Captain Charles Goodall, Robert
McElrov. J. K. Jones and others. Pro
fessor llarrell and Mrs. \V. J. Golcher
sang. A grand Thanksgiving praise service
conducted by the choir took the place of
the usual evening service at 7:30.
The Porch Gave Way.
Suit has been filed by Mrs. Martha
Jones against John Sinclair to recover
$15,000 damages for personal injuries.
Plaintiff alleges that on September 1. 1896,
a porch in the rear of a dwelling at 918
Jackson street, which is owned by Sin
clair, gave way and precipitated her vio
lently to the ground. Mrs. Jones avers
that the porch was in a decayed and un
safe condition, which the defendant knew.
As her injuries are permanent, Mrs. Jones
seeks damages In the sum mentioned.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
TkefM- i _ >^:
limll* j^2s SSOJ A "* toot
ADVEBTISEMENTS. . \ ': ' . "■" __/;,.: '_■';.
• • • lIN • • •
40 pieces New Styles and Colorings in
PLAID TAFFETA SILK- $1.00 Yard i;
An elegant line of NEW STRIPED and
FiGvJR^D BLACK MOHAIR CREPONS
$2.00 Yard
60 pieces GENUINE FRENCH SERGES, in
a full line of New Fall 5hade5. ........ •
. # \ . .- m m 6Oc Yard
LADIES' FANCY SILK MOREEN SKIRTS,
in plaids, stripes and chec1^5..........v '
$5.00 Each
........................ . <f?^^«V-^V-/ L.ViyII; •■:
A large shipment of NEW TAFFETA RIB-
BONS, extra quality, full 3± inches
wide, all shades 2Oc Yard
50 pieces FANCY FLANNELS, New Styles,
both darK and n)ediurn colorings .....
* 4 Oc Yard
EIDERDOWN COMFORTERS, with French
printed sateen covering and corded
edges. $5.00 Each
2 cases GENTS' SHETLAND MERINO
VESTS and DRAWERS, full finished
31.00 Each
LADIES' GLORIA SILK UMBRELLAS, with
natural wood and Dresden bandies..
$2.00 Eacb
100 dozen GENTS' HEMSTITCHED and
INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS, all pure
linen. . . . 25c Eacb '
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET. -T '
GOLDBERG. BOWEN t CO. '8 SPECIAL SAVING SALE
BQWEN
& CO.
New holiday goods :
Marzipan nuts
the old-fashioned English rnarchpans
Malaga raisins Turkish fig paste
bon bon candies bon bon crackers
St. John's bread honey cake
Sultana figs dates stuffed with
(stuffed with nuts) pecans, walnuts
cigarette wafers and alraonds
(in tins) beech-nut sliced bacon
rillettes-plain,truff- (in glass jars)
led (for sandwiches) Placer county o^inges
Corsican citron mackerel-delicious as
butternuts youn chicken— as
hickory nuts snow-fat as butter-not
hickory nutS too expensive
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Our very best hams i ie
regularly i2}clb
An excellent coffee'^ lbs
Roast or ground ■ 3-lb can 91JC
regularly jscilPashalßlend ,
Sliced pine apple 20c
From India. Reg'ly 25c 2-lb tin
New glace' fruits although costing
more to import now still sell here
for 50c — except red and white
pine apple fritters which are
marked down to 40c for the 3 days
Royans are a variety of sardines
packed in oil with truffle and
pickl-*— 15c. Regularly 20c. .
Belv ere is a first-rate quality of
toilet paper — 1000 sheets in pack-
age — $ 1 . 10. Regularly $ 1 . 50 doz
We have some new French toilet
soaps of many odors; regularly 75c
box of 3 cakes 60c
Do your hands chap in the cold
weather? Glycerine lotion will
keep them soft and smooth —
- regularly 30c bottle 25c
Fine fruits for dessert 20c
regularly 25c big tins. Alcalde
lemon cling peaches ; yellow crawford
bartlett pears peaches
peeled apricots white heath peaches
golden drop plums moorpark apricots
After the black coffee comes the
cordial. Here are good ones
creme de van creme de mocca ■■
vanHla flavor \ co«ee flavor
creme de noyeau creme de men \ ne , nill>ur
made from wild cherry pits peppermint liqueur
regularly $1.60 bottle special $i.ao
D. Oolgaard Zoon,Harlingen,Holland
A novelty in confections is Stol-
werck's German -almond pastes •
sugar and chocolate coated : .. _
Cl<wm pigs, pins at a trough, pig t^»*Ss
loated M\l pup, kennol of do^turkey^and
oraubemes, basket of £"™ I ft^S? r £ m d.
monds, atrawborries. cheese, caviar o»uu
wich, chocolate aljoe____
We have tins of plum pudding
holding enough for one peison-ioc
1 QOLDBER3.BOWEN * CO.'S SPECIAL SAVING SALS
Citron, imported, per ib; I2^c
The Franco-American soup folks
are having ' a demonstration at
our Pine street store ; come in and
taste the different kinds ■
New, eastern buckwheat — makes
hot cakes everybody likes : . •■• : . .
10-lb sack, regularly 75c* 60c
When you serve a goodjdinner to
friends use bon bons for table
decorations — lots of fun in them
We have a great variety of per-
fumes and toilet articles — all the
great Parisian brands ..
extracts 50c to <*10.CO bottle.
toilet waters 60c to 64.50.
Boaps2oc to 51..-0 calre. -■ ;
atomizers JJ5c to $8.25 each. - •'•.■.'■'
face powders 25c to *1.40 eaoh. ' ■^gjfig?
powder boxes >1 to SI to 81.60 each.
powder pulls 10c to lSc each. •. • -
Assorted cases containing M»ap, powder and
extract $2 75 to $3.75. large cases np to $10. :
Flavor your turkey dressing with
— small tins are 30c :
California port wine-old and rich
-for serving with cake, gallon $2
regularly $2 50
There's a lot of disappointment
in cigars bought around the cor-
ner. Youpay too much and get too
little— too little satisfaction-. ••.-•.•.
Come in and make your selections
from our holiday stock of fine im- ■
ported and Key West cigars " :..■••..
These are hot nights— try
DC l > ;.v
raisins currants V . " . ,•;/..
nuts fig?, . •■•■••' •'.
sweet cider boiled .cider ■ . ;■ .
brandy pure spices . ... •• •-
for fancy holiday cooking • .. ■ ".-■...
Catalogue free— postal will do . •• ." '.- " - .
.*■, Pine 215 Sutter 3800 California San FrancUc* •
J075 Clay between . Eleventh anJ Twelfth Qakla** .
A MOST INTERESTING
COLLECTION Of HOLI-
DAY GIFTS ON SALE.
Opticians Ko^ GENCy ;
642 Market St. v
. CHRONICLE building-* • '• ■■
WE EMPLOY no AGENTS. /
■  n«»u™ SIITII lII
@|{?SS VITALIS
, T^T^^l/^fc THE NEW
at Day. &oi^n& « ■ilfeia PBEunu
tarcw 10th Day. «i 9« s&Lt fX eli.il Ullii
VITALiS 2(>th^'-X J DCMCnV
riICDK Tin? vbotk ' SOth Day.: IlkiilCU I■■
RKSTJLTS: ltqoickly snrely rtmoTM Impotaner
Mghtly Emiuioiu, Eril Dreams Wartinf Cl.ieasra and all effect!
01 self-abuse or rxcets and indijerction. Rntores lest Vltal'tr
Power and Failing Memory. Ward, off Izuanity and'coninmS
tion. Cures when ill others fail. Insist on hiring YTTALIBL
no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail »1 o2
per packa« ;or six for ♦5.00 with • «nia«ntee to Cnre or
Kefnnil the Money. Circular Pree Address .'
OAI.rMET CIKE CO., 884 l>e>rborn St., Cbica«*
Sold by Owl Drue Co.. 8. F • and OakUniL
.Weekly Call^sl.so per Ye^