VOLUME LXXXV.-NO. 30.
ARGUE LONG HOURS TO SAVE
MRS. BOTKIN FROM THE GALLOWS
Frank McGowan Demands Justice, Not
Mercy, in the Name of This Woman
Charged With Heinous Crime.
Attorney Hosmer Will
Close the Case of
the People To-
Day.
It Will Hardly Reach the
Jury Before Wednes
day of Next
Week.
THE dying days of the year 1898 will
act bring to Mrs. Cordelia Botkin
surcease from the conflicting emo
tions that beset her as her trial for
the murder of Mary Elizabeth Dunning
draws near its close. Contrary to expec
tations. Frank McGowan. In his closing
argument in her behalf, occupied the en-
Tiro Cay. District Attorney Hosmer will
me all of the allotted time to-day,
and this will carry the celebrated case
over until next Tuesday, when the attor
neys for each side will make their prayers
to the Judge regarding his Instructions
to the jury.
This charge will be of vital Importance,
as the construction placed by the court
on the law and the evidence in the case
will have, if anything, more weight with
the jury than anything else. There is a
possibility that this will . consume the
greater part of Tuesday, so the day on
which the jury will be charged and the
rase placed ki b hands can hardly be
earlier thai! Wednesday.
ttor Frank McGowan had the last
say to the jury on behalf of Mrs. Botkin
rday< Like his co-worker, George
lit, he spread hi? argument over too
great length of time and wasted his elo
quence on matters that caii have no pos
sible influence un the minds of the jury
men. Instead of dwelling on the alibi by
which Mrs. Botkin proves she was in
Kuivku on the day one of the anonymous
letters whs mailed in this city; on the fact
that there is no record on the books of
the < ' ! '..ri? iihr.wing- the sale of
handkerchiefs to a person residing at
Hotel Victoria, and such other mat -
ten -*ri<*re it is difficult to connect Mrs.
Botkin with the case, they are trying to
that the box of candy never went
through the malls to Delaware, that the
women did not die from arsenical poison
ing, and are spending time in such con
tentions.
The attorneys for Mrs. Botkin take dif
ferent points of view regarding certain
phases of the case. For instance, Mr.
Knight admitted that Mrs. Botkin had not
lived that life of h,gh ideals that an ad
mlr>:. but he declared she desired a chance
to live down the past und blot from her
memory those violations o the code of
morality which in part have brought her
to the bar of justice and placed her on
trial for her life. Mr. McGowan takes a
different view from this. He affirms that
•'tuore is not a blot on her escutcheon, not
a word breathed against her fair name
iX'i in those that flowed from •■ sin-pol-'
lutt <1 lips of Dunning."
The burden of his argument was the
Shadow of doubt that hung like a pall
over almost every link in the chain of
circumstantial evidence welded by the
ration in tne effort to connect Mrs
Botkin with the heinous crime of poison
ing two f.'tinwlilu women. He held that
the fabric of the case for the people had
fallen to the ground when they failed to
ct her with the purchase of lump ar
dwelt at length on the fact
Professor Wolf when he analyzed the
candy in Delaware found only lump ar
senic. In keeping with this he intimated
broadly that the police had' fixed the
candy so that when Professor Price an
alyzed it in this city he found the pow
dered drug. They had to do this to bear
out their theory as formed against Mrs
Ik'tkin.
One by one he paid his respects to the
witnesses for the prosecution. It was
thought that everything possible in the
way of vitriolic words, both written and
ELECTRIC ROAD SOLD TO
HUNTINGTON AND OTHERS
Property Worth a Million Passes
Into the Control of the South
ern Pacific.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 29.— The electric
railroad known as the Imjs Angeles and
I'.'.sadena Railway Company, operating
■ i; Los Angeles and Altadena, has
I int< the possession of the South-
err. Pacific Company. The sale was con
summated to-day, the purchase price be-
Ing $1,000,000. C. P. Hunting-ton, H. E.
Hiintington, A. Borel, Christian de
Guigne and J. W. Hellman are named as
the purchasers of the property, which
WaH formerly owned by Andrew Me-
Nally, O. 3. O. Sprague and C. W. Smith
of Chicago, Stephen Green of Philadel
phia and Colonel G. G. Green of Wood
bury. N. J.
The road consists of about forty miles
hi V racki an( extensive improvements
will be made by the purchasers.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Formal Order for a Postal Station at
Hoilo, P. I.
WASHINGTON, Doc . 29- _ A forma i or
der was Issued to-day for a postal station
at Hollo, P. I.
A postoffice was to-day established at
Milan], Riverside County, Cal., and
Henry N. Farcy appointed postmaster.
Senator Perkins leaves Washington to
morrow for a brief visit to his old home
at Kennebunkport. Maine, on January 3
he will deliver an address at the annual
dinner of the Boston Merchants' Associa
tion against the acquisition of territory
remote from our shores.
Pensions have been granted as follows -
California: James H. Murray. San Jose'
&: Joseph Philllber, Red Bluff fi "to $8*
Annie Harnish, Napa, $8; Henry Leifeld'
PlacervJile, $8; Mary Ann Rlchmler Mer
ced. $8; Martin Beal, San Francisco $12*
Matthew Robertson, Alton, $12; Louis Mi~
ler, San Francisco, $12; Joseph F W.ltv
Los Angeles, $C to $10; Maria F. Merrill'
Los Angeles, $12.
Washington: Original— Elvin H. Smith
East Sound, %?>. Increase— William J. Ster
ling. New Whatcom, $12 to $17.
The San Francisco Call
1 ppoken, had been uttered against John P.
Dunning. He demonstrated that the limit
had not been reached. His compliments
to Miss Magpie Smith, coo~ of the Hotel
Victoria, and she is "a goggle-eyed pot
walloper." Then there was that "human
Jumping-Jack, Rosella. against whose wife
he had nothing, except that she should
have married such a man." Mrs. Ruofff
was a "flippant witness," and so on down
the long line.
Tears, the relief of the distressed, come
readily to Mrs. Botkin's eyes now. Sev
eral times yesterday she sobbed convul
sively, invariably placing herself where
she would show to the best advantage to
the men who have her future in their
hands.
Senator McOowan commenced his ar
gument upon the opening of court and
hammered away at it all day like a faith
ful artisan. His argument was scatter-
Ing-, going over the same ground again
and again, showing the weak places in
the case of the prosecution. He paid
tribute to his associate counsel and to the
Judge; whom he said was endeavoring to
hold the scales of justice evenly between
the people on one hand and the unfortu
nate •woman on the other. He "laimed
the case was a peculiar one, as every
technicality possible had been employed
by the prosecution to thwart what he
called the ends of justice. The defense on
the other hand admitted everything de
sired; everything was open and above
board, even ail the sources of evidence.
Had their client been guilty they would
have made a vicious, technical fight,
shielding and fighting against the evi
dence.
The speaker reminded the Jurymen of
the responsibilities resting: upon them,
but said they never before had so much
depending upon their judgment. Here was
a human being to be cast either into utter
darkness or to once again breathe the
pure air of liberty. He asked them, as
they decided the woman's fate, to think
of "the dimpled fingers of their loved ones
that wound their way into the tendrils of
their hearts." The pitiless storm that for
some time past has beat down upon Mrs.
Botkin must soon cease, he said, as, when
she placed her case In the hands of the
jury, she felt she had reached a harbor of
safety.
McGowan dwelt, long upon the question
lof circumstantial evidence. He cited the
j present case as one .vhere there was an
| unusual amount of doubt as to the relia
bility of certain testimony. He said that
if a fact could be construed either toward
guilt or Innocence that it must be con
strued toward innocence, the law not per
mitting Its construction toward guilt. He
said his client was not before them cring
ing for sympathy, but was seeking only
• Justice. The case against her was not
j proved by the evidence adduced by the
prosecution, to such a point as to Justify
them in taking the life of the woman. He
deplored the heinous crime by which the
lives of two estimable women were ended,
but their death, he said, did not afford a
i reason why that offense should be fol
lowed by another one.
Mr. McGowan spoke of unreliable and
■ unworthy circumstantial evidence, saying
if one link had to be molded or changed
NEW JAPANESE CRUISER
MAKES A GOOD RUN
The Trial Trip of the Chitose Will
Be Made Over the Government
Course To-Day.
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. 29.— The Jap
anese cruiser Chitose, just completed by
the Union Iron Works, arrived at 3
o'clock this morning from San Francisco,
after a successful run of sixteen hours.
The machinery wonted splendidly.
Owing to rough weather outside the trial
trip will not be made until to-morrow. It
will be an eight hour run, two hours un
der forced draught and six hours with
natural draught. r ine test will be made
over the Government forty-mile course
extending from Sunta Barbara to Point
Conception.
RECOUNTING THE BALLOTS.
SAN JOSE, Doc. 29.— The Eleventh.
Twelfth and Sixteenth precincts of the
city were recounted to-day. There are
259 disputed ballots now held up for de
cision at the close of the count. The
gains and losses of contestants were said
to be: Tenth Precinct— Lyndon lost 10,
Conant lost 3 and Aggeler lost 7. Elev
enth—Langford gained 7, Lotz gained 2
and Aggeler gained 1. Sixteenth— Lyndon
gained 9, Aggeler 1 and Conant 5. Attor
ney Moore, for the contestants, objected
to counting the vote or accepting the re
turns of the Sixteenth Precinct, as 300
unused ballots had not been returned
from the precinct. This will be argued
in the morning.
The Good Government League Is still
confident of seating all three contestants.
Death of John Meiner.
VENTURA. Cal., Dec. 29.— John Meiner,
the millionaire resident of Ojal Valley,
died to-day. The deceased owned much
valuable property In Milwaukee, Win.,
having been a pioneer brewer of that city.
Killed by Wood Alcohol.
SANTA CRUZ. Dec. 29.— Mrs. Laura.
Rains to-day drank wood alcohol by mis
take for pure alcohol and died from the
effeotß. She was aged 40 and a native of
Ohio.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1898.
ATTORNEY HcGOWAN PLEADS FOR MRS. BOTKIN.
Counsel for the accused woman claims that the prosecution has not formed
a chain of circumstantial evidence connecting her with the Dover tragedies.
Contrary to expectations, he consumed the entire day with his argument.
He attacked the credibility of the witnesses for the people, and demanded
justice, not sympathy, for the woman on trial for her life.
It was a confession it was not consistent
with the case. He claimed that there
had been a tampering with and a manu
facture of evidence in the case. A dis
cussion of the testimony was then com
menced and doubt was east upon all pre
sented by the prosecution. He doubted
whether the candy box had ever gone
through the mail— from its unbroken ap
pearance he did not believe it had. He
said Postmaster Goodin dirt not know it
went through the mail because he did not
lift it out of the mail sack himself. He
spoke of Chief Lees as "Ah Lee engaged
in ironing out the wrapper and thus ef
fectually removing the evidences that
would show whether it had ever been
wrapped around another box."
WONDERFUL DISCOVERY
IN ELECTRICAL FORCE
One Million Volts Can Be Diffused in the
Body and All Forms of Bacilli
Destroyed.
Call Office, Riggs House,
WASHINGTON. D. C, Dec. 29.
There will soon be filed fn the Patent Office an appli
cation for a patent on a discovery in electro-therapeutics
which promises to create a tremendous sensation In the
medical and electrical world. It will be shown that glass
is the conductor of an electric current of wonderful elec
tro-motive force, but by means of the Intervention of glass
plates. It is positively asserted that by the process to be
patented 1,000,000 volts of electro-motive force may be
diffused and evenly charged to all parts of the human
body, not only without physical sensation to the patient
but so as to bring sure death to all forms of bacilli, In
cluding tuberculosis.
Parasites to Destroy .tests.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 29.— The Super
i visors of this county have received a re
! port from George Compere, their eom
i missioner in Hawaii, who was sent there
', for the purpose of securing parasites for
■ fruit tree posts. He states that he has
forwarded parasites which destroy aphis
! and also the pests which have been at
tacking the English walnut trees. The
I success of the new acquisitions will be
1 watched with Interest by fruit men.
He next attacked the theory of the
prosecution as to the motive. There was
no adequate motive to drive this woman
to such a crime or suddenly develop this
criminal instinct. He said there was
"not a blot on her fair name, not a stain
on her escutcheon." The prosecution
holds, he said, that this woman was en
amored of Dunning and had murdered
his wife to get him. He said Dunning
was neither mentally, morally nor phys
ically the man that any woman would
commit crime for. She had every posses
sion of him. She fed him, clothed him.
put shoes on his feet and provided a
house to shelter him In the storm. How
would the k.lling of his wife bring him
back to her? Didn't the jury think she
would have suggested divorce before
murder? She did not suggest that he dis
card the wife of his bosom. All the acts
Of friendship she did for him were held
against her as acts of criminality by the
prosecution. The motive was a mystery
and the solution of it was held by Dun
ning, he declared. Dunning should have
been forced to tell and must have sealed
his lips to protect the Identity of some one
who might have had a deadly affection
for him.
"He swore Mrs. Botkin's good name
away," continued McGowan, "and only
Suicide of a School Boy.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 29.— Horace B.
Todd, 18 years of age, a pupil at the High
School here, committed suicide about 1
o'clock to-day by shooting himself in the
head with a revolver. No cause 1b known
for th._> act. The boy"s father. Dr. B.
Todd, is a dentist in Aspen, Colo., and hla
mother and sister are traveling in Eu
rope. He was living here with a younger
brother In the family residence. The
brother can offer no reason for the deed.
from his lips comes the testimony of im
proper relations existing between them.
He comes with malice in his heart and
strikes her down."
He poked some quiet fun at Dr. Bishop
of Dover, Del., saying the only patients
in the Pennington household who died
were those upon whom he attended. The
children who did not take any of his po
tions recovered. He gave the two women
whisky and digitalis, both irritants, but
never used the stomach pump or gave
any antidote for arsenical poisoning. This
closed the morning' session, and the after
noon saw all this gone over again and
again, until every grain had been
thrashed out.
The speaker took up the question of
motive first, and soon dismissed it, going
on to a discussion of arsenic. He said
that while the box of sweets was in the
possession of Detective McVey of Dela
ware the arsenic in it changed in some
unaccountable manner from lump to pow
der, to fit the theory of the prosecution.
This inconsistency he left for the jury to
explain away.
He attacked the testimony of the candy
girls and their methods of identifying
Mrs. Botkln as the woman to whom they
sold the candy on thaft Sunday afternoon
in July. He could not understand why
a woman of Mrs. Botkin's intelligence
would say she wanted some candy left
out so that she could put in a handker
chief, when it would fit there without any
being removed, and her request would
surely be a hint that she was the woman
who was wanted for a crime if it had
heen committed. He claimed that the
defense had impeached Kitty Dettner
and the prosecution did not try to
strengthen her standing by calling rep
utable witnesses who knew her.
The lobby gave vent to its amusement
when he referred to the cook of the
Hotel Victoria as the "goggle-eyed pot
walloper," and Judge Cook thereupon or
dered that those who could not find seats
be removed. He maintains dignity and
decorum at any cost. By this time Mr.
McGowan had again reached the candy
box on his rounds, and attacked it with
his old vigor. Later on he ridiculed the
detectives who had examined Mrs. Bot
kln's room and found no evidence. Later
Rosella found the bit of pasteboard. "A
detective who could not find that seal,"
he said, "could not catch an afternoon
train if he had a schedule in his hand."
Discussing Mrs. Harris, the saleswoman
of the City of Paris, he quoted. "O. what
a tangled web we weave when first we
practice to deceive."
When he finally came to the matter of
expert testimony. Attorney Hosmer ob
jected to his reading from a law book to
the jury. Judge Cook told him the jury
must take its law from the Judge and
not from the attorney. He quoted from
the testimony where Ames said "the note
in the candy box was most clearly dis
guised; it is drawn, not written, and the
letters are distorted." Expert Elsen
schimmel had said: "There are no dis
guises in it whatever. It represents the
natural handwriting of defendant, the
only change being in the slant of the
letters." He asked the jury not to take a
human life on a matter of handwriting;
it was too frivolous a pretext.
In closing, he asked the jury not to
cast a stain on the fair name of the ac
cused woman's family (Brown). He
warned them of the terrible penalty of
their taking an innocent life and to spare
the fair name of the State from an unjust
verdict; to decide In the light of the evi
dence as sanctioned by the law, which
was founded on justice.
Mr. Hosmer will make the closing argu
ment for the prosecution to-day.
CHURCH THE VAGRANT
NOT MURDERER DUNHAM
So the Columbus Prisoner Escapes
With a Sentence of Five Days'
Imprisonment.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. Dec. 29.— The police
reached the definite conclusion- to-day
that Church Is not Dunham. The pris
oner was sentenced to five days for va
grancy, the motive for the detention be
ing a telegram from Milwaukee asking
that Church be held until officers from
that city can get here. Church is wanted
at Milwaukee to answer to several
charges of swindling 1 in connection with
a closing out sale. He interested a Mil
waukee citizen to such an extent that the
latter mortgaged his property for $200.
Church took this money and later ap
peared at Waukesha, where he swindled
another man.
GOLD THE ACTUAL
MONETARY STANDARD
The Nation's Policy Should Be Such
as to Insure Its Sta-
bility.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Dec. 29.— At the
morning session of the American Eco
nomic Convention, now being held In this
city, the report on banking and currency
was presented. Following is an extract:
"Under existing conditions the only wise
and consistent policy for the United
States is the frank recognition of the fact
that the actual monetary standard Is now,
and for some time to come will be, gold,
and the adoption of legislation which
shall insure the entire stability of that
standard, until such time as the nation
may have decided to establish some
other."
Slated for the Russian Mission.
NEW YORK. Dec. 29.— A dispatch to the
Herald from Washington says:
Former Governor Merriam of Minnesota
Is said to be slated to succeed Secretary
Hitchcock as Ambassador to Russia.
GAGE NOW RESORTS
TO PETTY EVASIONS
He Is Here Asfed a Plain, Straightforward
Question and an Answer Is
Desired.
Proofs Are Offered to Establish the Fact That He Seeks
to Retain Gnnst in Office at the Re
quest of Colonel Dan
Barns.
GOVERNOR-ELECT GAGE does not
take kindly to criticism. He is
shocked and grieved because The
Call has related in detail the man
ner In which he proposes to carry out his
promise to Dan Burns to keep Burns'
gambling partner, Moses Gunst, in Oifrct;
as a member of the Board of Police Com
missioners in this city.
Being loth to remain in a bad light be
fore the people of the State to whom he
made such glowing promises during the
recent campaign, Mr. Gage has had him
self interviewed by the Examiner, Col'jrel
Burns' organ, the interview being evi
dently intended to soften the fall which
the Governor-elect seems to think he is
about to experience in the minds of
those who voted for him and who sup
ported him during the campaign. Among
other things Mr. Gage says that the ques
tion of the reappointment of Gunst had
nothing to do with the fixing of the date
of his inauguration for January 4. To
prove this he quotes at length from nu
merous legal decisions in this and other
States relative to the status of Mr.
Gunsfs incumbency, thus proving beyond
a doubt that he had never given a thought
to the question until the moment he was
approached by the interviewer.
A careful reading of the Interview dis
closes the fact that Mr. Gage did not deny
that he had promised Colonel Burns
to keep Gunst in office; that he did not
deny that he had told Governor Budd
that he (Gage) had fixed January 4 as the
date of his inauguration because he had
been requested to do so by the executive
Aimmlttee of the Republican State Cen
tral Committee; and that he did not deny
that he sent Governor Budd the following
message some days ago:
"Do yon intend to appoint a «nc-
MMtof to Police ComiaUtiloner
GniiMt f
"Colonel Burn* haa been very
kind to me, and I feel ; that I am un
der obligation* to him. He wants
Gaunt to continue in office,' and now
that I am in a position to handle
this matter for him I feel that I
,,h i to do It. I am in no hurry to
be inaugurated, and -would prefer
to let matter* take their usual
course, but if it becomes necessary
I can be inaugurated in time to
handle this appointment. Unless I
get the proper assurances I feel that
I ought to take such a course a*
will prevent any mistakes."
Governor-elect Gage did not see fit to
deny that he sent to Governor Budd such
a message as the above, though he is
quoted as saying that the question of Mr.
Gunsfs reappointment had nothing to do
with the fixing of the date of the inaugu
ration.
Mr. Gage in now given an oppor
tunity to deny that lie went sm-h a
MM-NNiiK*' to Governor Iludd through
the Governor's private necretary. If
he hai a nnfflclelit dUreßard for the
trath an to deny that he sent such a
niemmge The Cull will produce the
proofs of his nntruthfuliie**.
The issue is plain and no honest man
will seek to avoid it or pretend to mis
understand it. Either such a message
was sent or it was not. The Call says
that it was and stands ready to prove it
if Mr. Gage sees fit to deny it. if the
message was sent, then Mr. Gage, by his
own words, has undertaken because of
his friendship for Colonel Burns to con
tinue Mr. Gunst In office. It is also true
that upon the certainty of being able to
keep his promise to Colonel Burns de
! pended the fixing of the date for his in
auguration. He says: "I am in no hurry
to be inaugurated, but if it becomes ne
cessary 1 can be inaugurated in time to
handle this appointment. L'nless I get
the proper assurances I feel that I ought
to take such a course as will prevent any
mistakes)."
The "proper assurances" were not
forthcoming, for Governor Budd refused
to promise that he would not appoint Mr.
Gunst's successor. Thereupon Mr. Gage
fixed the date of hia appointment for
January 4, "in time to handle this ap
pointment," and so prevented the liabil
ity of there being "any mistakes," be
cause Mr. Gunst's term of office expires,
if it expires at all, on January 5.
It is all a very simple matter. Mr.
Gunst and Colonel Burns are personal
friends and gambling partners. Colonel
Burns and Mr. Gage are personal friends
and political associates. Mr. Gunst wishes
to retain the office of member of the
Board of Police Commissioners. Colonel
Burns has promised to aid him to that
end. Colonel Burns has asked Mr. Gage
to retain Mr. Gunst in office and Mr. Gage
had promised to do so. After communi
cating with Governor Budd he ascertained
that he would be unable to keep his prom
ise to Colonel Burns unless he fixed the
date of his Inauguration for January 4.
This date was fixed upon accordingly and
for the reasons mentioned.
The Call knows little and cares less con
cerning the legal status of Mr. Gunst's
incumbency. If there is a difference of
opinion between gentlemen learned in the
law regarding the expiration of Mr.
Gunst's term 'of office the question can be
easily and finally determined by resort
to the courts. It is \ery evident that .Mr.
Gage has studied the matter carefully, be
cause 01 his ability to refer in detail to
numerous judicial decisions bearing on
the point at issue. It is equally apparent
that he believes that Mr. Gunst's term
of office will expire on January 5, from
the purport of his message to Governor
Budd and his subi^iuent action in fixing
the date of his own Inauguration for Jan
uary 4, thus giving himself the privilege
of allowing Mr. Gunst to remain In office.
During the campaign that resulted in
Mr. Gage's election The Call did what
was In its power to promote his candi
dacy, believing that the assurances of
his honest Intentions to serve the best In
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
terests of the people — such assurances be
ing made both privately and publicly—
were made in good faith and would be
carried out. "Whatever course this paper
or its proprietor has taken with reference
to the matter that forms the subject of
this and previous articles has been dona
for the sole purpose of preventing Mr.
Gage from violating his ante-election
pledges and making. the mistake that put
a smirch upon the closing days of Gov
ernor Markham's administration.
The people of San Francisco gave Gov
ernor Budd a majority of about 12,000
votes. They gave Mr. Gage a majority of
about 4000. Under his proposed leadership
the city changed from a Democratic com
munity to a Republican community. This
fact alone should entitle its people to
very thoughtful and careful consideration
ut his hands;-
When Governor Markham appointed
Moses Gunst Police Commissioner mass
meetings composed of the best and most
highly respected business men. capitalists
and wage earners of this city were held to
protest against the insult that had been
put upon the people of San Francisco.
Unfortunately the law was so construed
as to render these protests futile. Now
there is a possibility that circumstances
will permit of the retirement of Mr.
Gunst to the society of the associates
from which he was elevated at the re-
quest of Dan Burns Governor-elect Gage
steps forward, again at the request of
Dan Burns, and proposes to prevent the
retirement.
Is this the way Mr. Gage proposes to
keep his ante-election promises? Is this
the manner in which Mr. Gage intends to;
reply to the people of . San Francisco for
supporting him . so ' handsomely at the
polls on election day?
• During the campaign and since Mr.
Gage asserted r that' he woul d not be
dominated by any person, newspaper or
corporation. Now that he Ib put to the
test is he going to permit himself to be
dominated by the person or persons who
wish to retain Mr. Gunst in office? : A : ;~. : i
The Call does not ask of Mr. Gage that
it be allowed to dictate who shall or shall
not be appointed Police Commissioner for
San Francisco. It does propose, however,
that the people of this city shall be made
aware of the manner in which their inter
ests are being considered by the chief
executive of the State, and it reserves for
itself the right to criticize his acts and
to adopt such measures as it deems neces
sary to reveal his motives and make them
plain, if it so be that there is good ground
for believing that such motives are not
for the best interests of the city.
EMBASSADOR ROMERO
DIES AT WASHINGTON
Recently Underwent an Operation for
Appendicitis — Remains Will
Be Taken to Mexico.
WASHINGTON", Dec. 30.— Embassador
Romero of Mexico died this (Friday)
morning at 4 o'clock, aged 62 years. Tha
remains will be taken to Mexico for inter
ment. He had just undergone an opera
tion for appendicitis.
JIM CORBETT SAYS
SHARKEY WILL WIN
But the Sailor Thinks That Kid Mc-
Coy Will Give Him the Battle
of His Life.
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.— Jim Corbett tips
Tom Sharkey as the winner over McCoy
in their tight January 10. When asked to
give his opinion, Corbett said: "Sharkey
will win, of course. He ought to put
McCoy to sleep before the twentieth
round is reached." Corbett said he would
be at the fight.
McCoy Is still a slight favorite in the
betting at 100 to f*o, and unless something
unforeseen happens he will remain at
these odds up to the time the men begin
their fight. McCJoy is visited every day
by sporting men from this city, and if
their statements of the Kid's condition
are true, It certainly looks as if he stands
a chance of defeating Sharkey. The
latter, however, is not a bit worried over
the glowing reports he hears of McCoy's
condition, and says he feels as confident
of getting the decision as McCoy does.
Sharkey. in speaking about his chance of
winning from McCoy, said: "I feel pretty
sure that I will beat McCoy, but I don't
expect to do it before going through the
hardest fight I have experienced. McCoy
I consider a great fighter, and as I re
gard him as being a better fighter than
Corbett I am sure he will make me fight
the battle of my life before I finally beat
him."
CHANDLER AND LOUD
CLASH IN COMMITTEE
Heated Colloquy Between the Senator
and the California Repre
sentative.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 29.— At to-day's
session of the joint committee appointed
to investigate and report to Congress on
the • compensation paid railroads for
transporting malls there was a heated col
loquy between Senator Chandler and Rep
resentative Loud of California. C. W.
Ernst of the Boston Postoffice was on th»
tstand, being cross-examined by Mr. Loud
whose questions were objected to by Sen
ator Chandler.
"The Senator seems to have constituted
himself an attorney for the witness." said
Mr. Loud, with aspertty.
"The Representative from California
seems to have constituted himself an at
torney for railroads," retorted Chandler
This led to further controversy of such
a character that it was deemed proper to
close the doors, and. In other words an
executive session was moved and carried
What transpired is not known, but afterl
ward Senator Chandler said apologetic
ally: "I regret this occurrence. No one
would Intentionally impugn the character
of Mr. Loud."2
SUPERVISOR McEVOY CHARGED
WITH ATTEMPTED EXTORTION
ACCUSED 81
EDITOR DAVIS
OF REDWOOD
An Affidavit Tells the
Story.
SAYS COIN WAS DEMANDED
SOME SENSATIONAL REVELA
TIONS ARE PROMISED.
The Official Under Fire Denies His
Guilt— Declares Politics Is at
the Bottom of the
Affair.
Special Wswitch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, Dec. 29.— The om
inous cloud of political discord that
has been hanging over the heads of the
chief officials of San Mateo County
has broken at last, and the first thun
derbolt has struck where it was least
expected. Now there is consternation
among the officials, and each in turn
is wondering what is to drop next.
W. L. Davis, the proprietor of the
Redwood City Democrat, deals the first
bolt In the shape of a sworn affidavit,
published in his paper, accusing P. H.
McEvoy, chairman of the Board of
Supervisors of San Mateo County, of
attempting to cxtnrt a bribe from him
for giving support tv the Democrat for
official printing.
Mr. Davis, when interviewed by a
Call representative, said:
"I have had no personal quarrel with
P. H. McEvoy, and must say that I
•was rather dazed at his bold and un
varnished attempt at extortion and
bribery. My acquaintance with him
has only been casual, and even that
for only six months.
"During the late political campaign
he came to me and asked that the Dem
ocrat take up his light for the nomina
tion for Sheriff. This I declined to do
at the time, as the nominations had not
been made, but assured Supervisor Mc-
Evoy that should he secure his uarty's
indorsement, the Democrat would sup
port him freely.
"1 am not dealing in human souls nor
trafficking in the honor and manhood of
my felluw citzens. I refuse to accept
the goods that Supervisor McEvoy
agrees to deliver on the abominable
terms he dictates, even though h'<* of
fer carries with it his small appraise
ment of his fellow members of the
board. Ido not believe his fellow mem
bera are guilty of such a damnable de
mand. I believe that Chairman Mc-
Evoy would rake in every dollar of the
boodle for himself.
"There is another feature of this bold
scheme of corruption that should not
be overlooked. Supervisor McKvoy, as
chairman of the board, personally
scans and approves all claims against
the county. He knows that all bills
for printing presented by this paper
are made in accordance with the low
rate fixed by the board, and that such
bills do Dot ..verage $100 a month.
Then his proposition is virtually this:
In order to meet his demand for cash.
I would be obliged to raisv. my bills at
least $100 monthly and rob the county
to that amount, and it is presumed
that Chairman McEvoy would wink at
the thefts. "
Mr. Davis was then asked if he had
an" other evidence cor. erning his ac
cusation against Mr. McEvoy. He re
plied that he would say nothing more,
save that he craved a suit by Mr. Me-
Evoy, also an investigation by the
Grand Jury which is now in session.
"The Grand Jury," he said, "is now
Jn session, and it is their provinre as
well as duty, to thoroughly look into
the facts, and if found true, as I sol
emnly declare they are, and there is
other corroborative evidence to be had.
to indict and remove P. H. McEvoy
from the high and honorable office he
has disgraced by his attempt at intimi
dation, extortion and bribery."
ACCUSED HAS ARRANGED
TO BRING SUIT
MENLO PARK, Dec. 29.— P. H. Mc-
Evoy, when seen at his home this
evening in reference to the charges
made against him by Editor Davis of
Redwood City, made a denial of the
whole affair. He admitted gome to
Davis' office and having an interview
•with him, but stoutly denies that he
asked the editor for $100 a month for
the official printing. 2jo conversation
pertaining to money matters passed
between them. McEvoy says he will
fight to the bitter end. He has re
tained Attorney Delmas of San Fran
cisco to begin a libel suit against
Davis.
Speaking more in detail of the
Roses
In pink sprays with pale green
border on Romeo shapes.
Relish Dishes, [Chocolate
Pots, Salad Sets. Given
away free . with
American's Best
Teas, Coffees, Spices
GreatAmericanlmport'gTea Go.
661 Market. •;. F«w»ll 703 Larkln St.
»40MxthSt. 1419 PoFk St.
218 Third st. 1818 Devlsndero SI.
lcarny St. 2006 Flllmore St.
14fl Ninth St. . 321 Montgomery Ay.
s*lo .Hlssi. n St. 1 100 Kentucky St.
8006 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
853 tiayos St. 82 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES:
lpSSWashlagtonSt. 131 San Pablo At*.
»17 Broadway. 616 E Twelfth St.
la JO Seventh St.
ALAMEDA-135* Park St.
SAM RAFAEL— B St.. near Fourth.
We also sell.
China, Crockery, Glassware
Cheap-: ' Price in Amarioa,
Vtit* fu <fcUbfiM.
P. H- McEVOY, CHfHRMfIN SflN MOTEO BOARD OF
SUPERVISORS.
DAVIS' SENSATIONAL AFFIDAVIT
CHARGING ATTEMPTED BRIBERY
REDWOOD CITY, Dec. 29.— Editor Davis* sensational affidavit,
charging P. H. McEvoy, chairman of the San Mateo County Board of
Supervisors, with attempting to obtain a bribe, is as follows:
W. L. Davis, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he
is the publisher and proprietor of the Redwood City Democrat, a
weekly newspaper printed and published in Redwood City, County
of San Mateo, State of California; th&t on the morning of the 19th
day of December, 1898, at or about 9 o'clock, P. H. McEvoy. chair
man of the Board of Supervisors, of said county, entered my office
and while I was conversing with my associate, J. V. Swift, called
me into the back room, he leading the way, as he wished to speak
to me privately; that as near as can be stated in the absence of a
literal shorthand report, the following is the conversation that took
place between Mr. McEvoy and myself: Mr. McEvoy said: "Mr.
Crow and you have treated me badly; now, Mr. Davis, if you want
the county printing you must give me $100 a month; I have had
chances to make money out of my office, but have not done so: I
intend to make my office pay me something during the balance of
my term. I will give you till Saturday to give me your final an
swer."
Replying to McEvoy I said: "I have not treated you badly. Tour
quarrel with Mr. Crow and others of the party was none of mine:
I was almost a stranger in the politics of this county; I refused to
take part in the personal quarrels inside the party before the nom
inations were made; I have endeavored to conduct a clean paper,
and for this you propose to punish me; I cannot accept yow offer;
the board's patronage does not amount to $100 a month to me. and I
cannot be a party to any such transaction."
Mr. McEvoy said, with great agitation, "You have till Saturday to
give me your answer; you must tell no one about this matter." I
replied: "I shall certainly tell my partner, Mr. Swift, right away."
This ended the interview, and as soon as Mr. McEvoy left the
office I called Mr. Swift, who overheard part of the conversation,
and told him what was said.
I will further say that I have never solicited any patronage of any
kind from Supervisor McEvoy. "W. L. DAVIS.
Dated Redwood City. December 19, 1898.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22d day of December,
1898.
(Seal.) A. KINCAID, Notary Public.
charges, Supervisor McEvoy said: "It
is a scurrilous attack and Is made of
whole cloth. That man must be insane
to make b-ch a charge as that. He has
no ground whatever for his attack. I
went into hia office about a week aero
and told him that I had not been treat
ed right by the Democrat, and, there
fore, would withdraw my support and
would give It to the Times-Gazette.
We a few other words, and then
I walked out.
"This may be a political move, but to
day I am not ready to say so for cer
tain. If it Is, there will be some fun.
I know that several of the head offi
cials have no use for me for the rea
s that they cannot use me as they
want. For that rea. on I was thrown
down at the Democratic convention
prior to the election. But you can say
that I do not fear them.
"I will commence suit against Mr.
Davis to-morrow, and - this is a politi
cal move, It will come out, and then
there will be some startling revela
tions."
The leading merchants of Redwood
City and of Menlo Park, the home of
P. H. McEvoy, say that they do not
believe the charge. Some even ko bo
far as to say that this will be the be
ginning of revelations that have been
withheld for some time.
CRUISER YOSEMITE TO
SAIL FOR MANILA
Will Carry Supplies and Four Hun
dred Men for Dewey's
Fleet.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 29.— The auxil
iary cruiser Yosemlte, formerly the Mor
gan liner El Sol, left the League Island
navy yard this morning for Norfolk.
After being fitted out at the navy yard
at that place she will proceed to Manila
with supplies and 400 men for Admiral
Dewey's fleet. She is In command of
Commander G. E. Ide. She will go to the
Pnilipplnes by way of the Suez Canal,
and after reaching Manila and turning
the supplies and men over to Admiral
Dewey will proceed to Guam, the new
United States possession In the La
dronea.
FBATJD IN HEATING CONTRACT
Alleged Job in Connection With the
San Joaquin County Courthouse.
STOCKTON. Dec. 29.— For some time
the Board of Supervisors of San Joaquin
County have had in contemplation the
purchase of a heating and ventilating
system for the courthouse at an expense
of over 510,000. The specifications were
such, it is alleged, that only the Peck-
Williamson Company could secure the
contract. Fraud has been hinted at In
view of the fact that the building Is al
ready provided with a system which haa
never been put into service. A writ of
review was Issued to-day by Judge Jones
THE SAN FBANCTSCO CALIi, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1898.
of the Superior Court, on the application
of C. M. Jackson, an opposition bidder,
citing the Supervisors to appear before
the court on January 9, and acting as an
injunction against their giving the con
tract to the Peck-Williamson Company
on December 31, after which time the
tfrms of two of the present Supervisors
will expire.
MYSTERY AS TO THE
LATE MARY MOEDINGER
John Dempsey, Who Claims to Be the
Husband, Said to Be an Impos
tor and a Fraud.
WOODLAND, Dec. 29.-Fred Moedinger,
brother of Mary Moedinger, who died in
San Bernardino December 5, left for that
place this morning to make an investiga
tion concerning the disposition of some
personal property she was known to pos
sess at the time of her death. Judge
Gaddis on Wednesday appointed young
Moedinger a special administrator for
that purpose. This property consisted of
stock in the Woodland Building and Loan
Association, valued at $500, a note for $400
given by M. R. York and jewelry and
other personal effects of the value of $100
The body of the young woman was bur
ied in Woodland Cemetery under a per
mit issued in the name of Mary Moedin
ger and in a lot purchased by F P
Moedinger. Nobody was in charge of' the
body when it arrived in this city on De
cember 10, but on the box was a card
bearing the name of Mrs. Mary A Demp
sey. v
The family of the deceased communi
cated these facts to the Sheriff's office
and sought assistance in that quarter A
letter was written to the Sheriff of San
Bernardino acquainting him with all the
facts so far as they were known here and
requesting him to make an investigation
In reply a letter was received in which it
was stated that a man named John
Dempsey was in possession of the per
sonal effects of the young woman, claim
ing that she was hia wife.
Two letters were written to Dempsey
but there was no response to either Tele'
grams were next sent to the County
Clerk, and it was ascertained that no
license to marry had ever been issued to
John Dempsey and Mary Moedinger
There are many suspicious circumstances
that tend to confirm the theory that John
Dempsey is an Impostor and that he was
not the husband of the deceased
FOUND DEATH IN TOMALES BAY
Suicide of C. Sereni by Drowning,
After a Family Quarrel.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 29.— C. Sereni of
Tomales committed suicide to-day by
drowning in Tomales Bay. His death wa»
the result of a family quarrel. Deceased
was a single man, aged 28 years, and the
owner of considerable' property. Coroner
Eden was notified of the suicide this
evening, and will leave for Tomales to
morrow, where an inquest will be held.
True story of the Philippine Is
lands, by Sol N. Sheridan, special cor
respondent, in next Sunday's Call.
THREE MEN
CAST UPON A
HAUNTED ISLE
Found Famished by
Indians.
WERE CARRIED OUT TO SEA
LITTLE SCHOONER OHIO BROKE
HER MOORINGS.
After Two Desperate Battles With
Gales the Men Aboard the Ves
sel Sought Refuge on an
Island.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, Dec 29.— George
Rudge, a well-known prospector whose
residence when at home la at Victoria,
reached Nanaimo this morning, bring
ing a thrilling narrative from Port
Simpson.
About two weeks ago the eight-ton
schooner Ohio was lying in the harbor
of Port Simpson and all was being got
ready for a trip farther north. On
board were Dr. Phillips, a dentist from
.New York; Robert Blick and Bill
Bridges. Without warning a gale
sprung up and the little craft broke
from her moorings and was carred out
to sea.
The skipper decided to run before the
wind and set the sail. Like a cork the
Ohio was tossed and buffeted about un
til off Berny Island, when her sails
were carried away. Control was al
most lost of the vessel, but the three
men were fighting for their lives and
after several hours succeeded in rig
ging a jury sail. Then the schooner
was headed for Tongas, Alaska, but an>
other gale was encountered in which
the jury rig was carried away. Again
the three men had to fight the fury of
the elements and again they were suc
cessful, for another rig was got to
gether and the schooner was put on her
course.
But disaster followed in her wake and
without warning the vessel grounded on
the reef of a small island. The men
had not an instant to lose and jumped
overboard. Each managed to fight his
way through the surf and reach the
shore. Hardly had they done so when
a big wave dashed up the reef where
the schooner was wedged, lifted her
high on its crest and retreating took
the little vessel out to sea.
On an uninhabited island, far re
moved from civilization, the three men
were left. So suddenly had the calam
ity occurred that they had not found
time to save a thing, while the prospect
of a passing vessel picking them up was
the remotest. Their only hope lay in
tho Indians of the district, but as the
Island is said to be haunted by abo
rigines, it was soon realised that it
would be a difficult matter to get them
to approach, even should they come
near when the gale abated. They man
aged to make a fire, Dr. Phillips hav~
ing had a tin box of matches in one of
his pockets. He dried his clothes and
then set out to find if any one was liv~
Ing on the island. Not a soul was to
be found, and nothing remained for
them to do but resort to mussels as a
means of appeasing their appetites.
For seven days and nights they wear
ily walked the beach, never relaxing
their lookout for passing vessels. A big
fire was kept up and when the wind
shifted it had to be removed to a mor*
protected spot, as their matches had
been used up. On the seventh day,
when the Btrength of the three men
was ebbing, two Indians hove In il?ht.
The men rushed frantically up tTid
down the beach in an effort to attract
the attention of the Indians. At l^st
they succeeded and the boat reached
shore. The older Indian would not
leave the boat and set foot upon thfe
haunted island, but tho younger man,
who has been born in Alaska and was
not superstitious, landed and promised
to take the men to Port Simpson. On
the trip down they became delirious
and the two Indians had a hard time to
keep the three castaways In the boat.
Tludge reports a big flnd of gold, cop
per and silver quartz on Kltlatas Can
yon; also at Kitlagash. In Buchley
Valley extensive discoveries of coal
have been made.
JOHANNESBURG SEETHES
WITH DISCONTENT
Boers Are Now Discussing the Pros
pect of a Conflict With Great
Britain.
LONDON, Dec. 23.— A disquieting situa
tion Is developing at Johannesburg. Ac- j
cording to the latest advices the place is
seething with discontent, as it was on the j
eve of the Jameson raid. In consequence
of recent and proposed Government meas- j
ures which the Ultlanders regard as being
a fresh series of Impositions. In addition
racial animosities are intensifying at the
vexatious treatment of the "British In
dians" and "Cape Boys," which Is caus
ing much bitterness.
The newspapers publish venomous arti- ]
cles on the subject. The Boer organ, the j
Rand Post, yesterday discussed the pros- |
pect of war with Great Britain ana ad- I
vised that on the first British act of war i
the women and children at Johannesburg
be given twenty-four hours to leave: that :
the whole place be then razed, and that
"the perpetrators of those turbulent pro
ceedings, if caught, be thrown into the
deep shafts of their mines, with the debris ]
of their machinery for costly shrouds."
The paper added that "the whole Johan- ;
nesburg will exult if the Africander Ward
Is converted into a gigantic rubbish heap j
as a mighty tombstone for the authors of !
the monstrous deed."
The Pretoria Volksteln suggests that
January 2 be observed as Jameson day j
and that Dr. Jameson be burned in effigy.
REBEL SOUDANESE
ATTACK A BRITISH FORCE
Twelve of the Latter Killed and Nine
Wounded, Including Lieuten
ant Hanninton.
CALCUTTA, Dec. 29.— Advices received
here from British East Africa say that
on October 10 a force of rebels attacked a
detachment of thirty men belonging to the
Twenty-seventh Baluchis, commanded by
Lieutenant Hanninton, which was
marching to Masindi. A native officer and j
twelve men were killed and nine wound- '
cd. including Lieutenant Hanninton. who
was shot through the right arm and had
his left hand shattered by a bullet. The '
rear guard repulsed the advance, and the
wounded were conveyed fourteen miles to
Kisallzl, tn the western shore of Lake ;
Kioga, which place was held by a com- i
pany of Ealuchis.
Later the rebels attacked Kisallzl and
lost twenty-five men. The casualties on
the British side were two men wounded
Troops were dispatched to pursue the reb
els.
The Baluchis engaged originally be- I
longed to Colonel Martyr's expedition '
which left Ugandlln October 16. going In
the direction of the Nile, with the object
of joining General Kitchener's forces
The Baluchis were left behind In Unyoro
in order to dispose of the remnant of the
Soudanese force which rebelled -under
Macdonald and took refuge at Unyoro.
WHITE OPPOSED
TO EXPANSION
Predicts That It Will
Bring Disaster.
BARBARIC LANDS NOT NEEDED
THINKS IT FOOLISH TO ABAN
DON OUR OLD POLICY.
As to His Successor, the Senator
Thinks He Should Be Pledged
to Watch Work at San
Pedro Harbor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 29.— Senator
White left for Washington to-day. The
Senator does not anticipate any cur
rency legislation, nor does he think
much will be done outside of the or-
dinary appropriation bill routine.
Should the President determine to Dress
the Spanish treaty, White says it will
give rise to protracted debate unless
the Senate changes the rules regarding
a secret session to consider the meas
ure.
"What do you think will be the out
come of the present Senatorial cam
paign? Do you anticipate your suc
cessor will be from the south?"
"Well, on that point I have nothing
to say. The Republican party is in
possession of the Legislature. I do not
know that it is any part of a Demo
crat's duty to attempt to interfere in
the situation. Our advice during the
last campaign was not heeded, sugges
tions now would amount to nothing
less than intrusion.
"I will, however, say that it is the
duty of every one to demand that the
candidates shall declare themselves
upon the San Pedro harbor proposi
tion. I have sounded the various as
pirants, and have not found one who
will refuse to state his position in ac
cordance with our wishes, but this
ought to be definite and positive and
ought not to rest in memory or verbal
statements."
Regarding his position on the Philip
pine question and the Spanish treaty,
he said: "As far as the Spanish treaty
is concerned, I do not know that the
issue will partake of a partisan char
acter. I am utterly opposed to the ac
quisition of distant and barbaric lands.
The United States are assuming a lead
ing position among nations of the
earth, not only as to military prowess,
but commercially, now that we are on
the high road to control, it appears to
me foolish to embark on the line of
policy which we have heretofore
avoided.
"It is my earnest conviction that the
carrying out of the rxpansion pro
gramme will ultimately prove disas
trous to the Republican party. This
result may be postponed for years, but
that it will be reached if we abandon
our precedents and stay away from the
teachings of the great men who largely
contributed to our national life I do
not doubt.
"Holding 1 these views, I cannot do
otherwise than continue to maintain
the position which I have heretofore
explicitly assumed. I do not do this
in the spirit of opposition to any one
or to any class or section, but because
I am convinced of the rectitude of that
course. I might also add that I shall
vote in compliance with my own
judgment on questions of a basic char
acter."
The Senator said that owing to the
war Congress did not pass any river
and harbor appropriation at the last
session, and although it is unusual to
enact bills of this character at a short
session, there is some talk of chanerine:
the custom, in order to prevent the de
terioration of much of the work com
menced in aid of navigation at various
points throughout the United States.
DR. KARTELL STABBED
BY GEORGE LAYMANCE
Serious Wound Received by a Man
Who Interfered in a Fam
ily Quarrel.
HEALDSBURG. Dec. 29.— Last night at
7 o'clock George Laymance stabbed a Ger
man named Kartell. Laymance was in
Gale's saloon, when his wife entered with
a blacksnake to force him to go home.
She struck him with the whip, when her
husband took It away from her and re
turned the blow. Kartell then Interfered
on behalf of the wife. A few words en
sued, and Kartell went out on the side
walk. Laymance shortly followed him
and assaulted him with a pocket-knife
cutting a large gash in his side just below !
the short rib. Laymance then made off
and hag not yet been captured. The
wounded I man is not expected to live.
Laymance is a teamster. Kartell is a re
tired German doctor, who has lived here
several years as a "remittance" man.
+.
CATHOLIC PRIEST JOINS
A SECRET ORGANIZATION
Waiting the Approval of His Superi
ors Before Undergoing
Initiation.
CHICAGO, Deo. 29.— Father Walsh, a
Catholic priest of this city, has been elec
ted a member of a local lodge of the
Knights of Pythias. His application for
membership was made in the usual man
ner, and being favorably passed upon by
the lodge his election followed without
question. He admitted to-day that he had
been elected a member of the organiza
tion with his consent, but said that he
had not yet been initiated, and until this
latter ceremony had taken place he could
not be considered In any sense a member
of the organization. He said that he
would endeavor to secure the approval of
Archbishop Feehan of this city and of
Archbishop Ireland of St. Paul to his
membership in the order before finally be
coming a member.
GEORGE NEWELL ARMSBY
BECOMES A BENEDICT
His Bride Is the Daughter of Tingley
S. Wood, a Millionaire Miner
of the West.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Dec. 29.— One of
the most auspicious weddings of the year
was that of George Newell Armsby of
San Francisco and Miss Leonora "Wood,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Tingley S
Wood, at Christ Church to-night. Rector
Rev. Alexander Allen officiating. Miss
Wood has been a leader in Springfield
society. Her father, Tingley S. Wood, is
known all over the West, being heavily
interested in gold and silver mlnfs at
Leadville and other places in Colorado,
and is reputed to bo several times a mil
lionaire.
Merriam to Go to Colorado.
DENVER, Dee. 29.— A special to the ;
Times from "Washington says:
Adjutant General Corbln to-day stated j
that an order had been Issued assigning
General Merrlam to command of the De- '
partment of the Colorado to take effect I
at once. General Merriam, however, haa i
been Instructed to remain at his present j
station in San Francisco until relieved
by General Shatter, now on his way. j
SLAIN BY NATIVES
IN NEW HEBRIDES
Massacre of Fourteen frer)cY)men
of t\)e Warship Eure Sent to
Stop a Cannibal Feast
VICTORIA, B. C, Dec. 29.— Shortly before the steamer "Warrl
moo, which arrived this evening from Australia and the South Seas,
left Suva, an interisland steamer arrived from Nukualofa, the capital
of Tonga, bringing news of the massacre of a landing party of marines
and bluejackets from the French warship Eure, which patrols the
New Hebrides group for the French. The Eure reached Nukualofa
on December 7, and there reported the disastrous affair.
A correspondent writing to Suva tells the story of the affair in
which the soldiers of the tri-color were killed as follows: The French
warship Eure reports that while she was cruising through the New
Hebrides Islands she lost a lieutenant and thirteen men, besides
having a number wounded in a fight with the blacks of one of the
smaller islands of the group. Early in November last a report was
given to the Eure's officers by a trader of a cannibalistic feast ar
ranged to take place in a New Hebrides village. The Eure at once
proceeded thither to stop the barbaric seance. Lieutenant Fautaux
and a squad of marines and bluejackets were put ashore and under
the guidance of a native interpreter attached to the ship they made
their way through the tropical foliage to where the feast was to take
place, thinking to surprise the natives. The surprise was, however,
all with the French, for as they were making their way through
the forests they were suddenly attacked on the flanks by a heavy
ambuscade of blacks. The attack came without the slightest warn
ing, their first knowledge that they were attacked being when the
rifles cracked and the lieutenant commanding the squad and four men
went down. The four marines were killed.
Lieutenant Fautaux was alive, although it was noticeable that
he was severely wounded. As he lay in the jungle grass he drew his
revolver, and presumably thinking that the guide had betrayed the
party, shot him dead. His men were unable to reach him and he was
captured and killed by the blacks. A running fight then occurred,
the French hurriedly retreating to their boats. But five men, and
they were all more or less wounded, reached the boats and made way
to their vessel.
The others, one by one, were dropped by the blacks and if not
instantly killed were soon dispatched as they lay wounded. The
blacks, after following the flying Frenchmen as far as they dared,
retreated to their fortresses in the woods, defying pursuit.
According to the officers of the Eure, the correspondent continued,
an avenging expedition will probably be landed and the village of
blacks destroyed to avenge the massacred sailors.
CANNED BEEF
WAS VERY BAD
Official Reports Uphold
General Miles.
PUTRID FOOD FOR TROOPS
REGIMENTAL COMMANDERS
SPEAK PLAINLY.
Officers Agreed That It Was Neither
Nourishing Nor Palatable,
and Unfit for Human.
Stomachs.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 29.— The Waf
Investigation Commission to-day made
public a synopsis of the reports of offi
cers to General Miles as "to the re
sults obtained as to the use of canned
fresh beef and roast beef" in the cam
paigns in Cuba and Porto Rico. These
reports were submitted by General
Miles when he gave his testimony last
week, and were presented in substan
tiation of his vigorous denunciation of
the canned beef. General Miles stated
at the time that he had started an in
vestigation of the matter of the canned
beef supplies, and the reports submitted
follow his official inquiry along this
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Ctmiptmdlng Witt Any »f th» r«o»wUf rims F'.tua Mention "The C*lL"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
ftrtistlc Furniture and firt Ware Importers.
117 SUTTER STREET.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
m. SCHOENING.^'^d^ 9 BUpplled
BELTING.
LP IIFfiFV Manufacturer of Beltlncrxncl
. r. ULULU, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
ston St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid 'to Repairs and Ship
"Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STA TT '*
THEM FRANCISCO NIIS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'RJMFN * CfIVC-Makers and Dealers In
DIIICII a JLandaus. Hacks. Victorias.
Carts and Buggies.' Golden Gate aye. and Polk
at., San Francisco.
COAL. COKE AND PIQ IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
cOO BATTERY STREET.
" Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITHS. ~
SANDERS & CO., practical coppersmiths
mfr*s of sheet copper and tubing, -Improved con-
tinuous stills, etc. 415 Mission St., near First;
all work guaranteed.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
fAS ROYFS ft Cl\ Sh| PPlnK Butchers. 104
JA3- DUIC3 tt SAM,, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
HUNTE • NTS.
A II 1,1 0 Hunters' Equipments, Fishing
IllllUX Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. Send
ULJIIIJ (iT catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVE.
wwiiw • 39 Market street.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co. .lmporters* Dealer*
.in H irdware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
W. 'stern Foundry, Morton & .edley. Proo*.
234 Fremont St. Cast . sof EVery l>e.
ecription Made to Jr**r, I el. Black 1505. ;
line. A synopsis of the report as fur
nished follows:
Commanding officer, Fourth Infantry,
Major Baker— The beef seemed to be of
inferior quality and was anything but
palatable. Quite a number of men could
not eat it.
Commanding officer. Sixth Infantry,
Lieutenant Colonel Minor— The meat
was utterly unfit as an article or diet
for either sick or well. It had no nu
triment in it and turned the stomachs
of the men who tried to eat it.
Commanding officer, Ninth Infantry,
Colonel Powell — The meat produced dis
ordered stomachs, is not nutritious,
soon became putrid and in many of the
cans was found in course of putrifica
tion when opened.
Commanding officer, Twelfth Infan
try. Major Humphreys — The meat pre
sented such a repulsive appearance that
men turned from it in disgust. 'Nasty'
is the only term that will fitly describe
its appearance. Its use produced di
arrhea and dysentery.
Commanding officer. Thirteenth In
fantry. Colonel A. T. Smith— Many
complaints were made concerning the
meat. It was four.d very unpalatable,
and is unfit for issue to troops.
Commanding officer. Seventeenth In
fantry, Major O'Brien — The nutritious
qualities having been cooked out of the
meat, it was neither nourishing nor pal
atable. It was unfit for use. It should
no longer be issued.
Commanding officer. Twenty-second
Infantry, Major Van Horne — The meat
issued was nothing more than refuse
after various kinds of soups had been
extracted from it. Further issues of it
should not be made.
Commanding officer. Third Cavalry,
Major Jackson — The meat for canning
was too fat, and as an article of diet
soon became nauseating to a large ma
jority of men. If made of good beef
and properly seasoned it might be sat
isfactory.
And the Jury Disagreed.
WOODLAND, Dec. 29.— The jury in tha
case of Frank Hunt, a Davisville saloon
keeper charged with selling liquor on
election day, disagreed and was die
charged. The testimony In favor of tha
prosecution was positive. The defense of
fered no testimony.
MANUFACTURERS.
COLTSEN GATE WOOLEN MFC. CO.
Manufacture Blankets, Cassimeres. Tweeds ana
Flannels, 535 Market st., San Francisco. CaL
Gooda for sale at all leading i.ry-gooda stores.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
• Combined Capital, $4 000 000.
SYZ & CO., Agents. '
: 101 California st.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll 1 AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
IMLLHHIH I L 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANO and muSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and SO O'Farrell st.
A corps of expert tuners and repairer*. .
PRINTING. "
£• C- nUGIIEO' 511 Sansome street.
-STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te rj o g d r c a s phlc PARTRIDGE ?? ) c rn c 1c Itlt1 t lt ; t
THE HICKS- CO- b^T^t' >t .
TYPEWRITERS.
Igg^ All Typewriters Rented.
""•SrSEvl Fe » w^T?x.«L y used for Ba »e cheap.
SKIL agents smith premier
«ts?sl^ L& M - ALEXA >DER.
~ l * 1 * "-■*— 110 Montgomery street.
WALLPAPER.
WHOLESALE & retail; send for samples, siat-
Ing quality & color. DUFFY CO., 92S Howard.
V REHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
r%vnir:,i.p Agents and Public Weighers- Oeaw
" ral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen.
ral office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC.
1 . I ITNnY Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
' " IM » 'I 18-k. Wedding Rings. 4 3d st.
WHITE A H STEAM COAL,
Mined by the ;
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at Its
GKEEN RIVER COLLIERIES, -
Is the Beet Coal in the Market.
Office and . Yards— 4so Main Street.
WOOD AND IVORY TURN I
C. F. HAAS, mfr wood articles, any descrip-
tion. Planing, turning. 417 Mission. Ul. M. 69*7.SUSPICION
THAT SPAIN
PLAYED FALSE
Evacuation of Iloilo Made Un
der Very Peculiar Circum
stances.
Believed to Have Been Inspired ]ju
a Design to Embarrass the
United States.
Call Office, Riggs Hous*»,
Washington, Dec. 29.
Suspicion is entertained here that
the surrender of Iloilo by the Spanish
general to the insurgents just before
the arrival of Colonel Potter with
American forces may have been de
signed for the purpose of embarrassing
this Government.
The Spanish general was aware that
the Americans were to be there, anil it
Is regarded as a somewhat remarkable j
coincidence that on the very day of the j
Bailing of the American expedition (
General Rios should evacuate Iloilo
and cable to the Madrid Government
that he had surrendered.
The Spanish had been able to main
tain themselves in their position there
f"r a long time, and it might have been
possible for them to hold out a few
hours longer with the knowledge that
the American forces would relieve
them. The fact that the insurgents,
though the town was evacuated by the
Spanish on the 24th, did not take pos
session until the -6th, seems to indlcaite
that General Rios was not so closely
pressed as his precipitate evacuation
Would imply.
There is evidence of an unwarranted
suspicion of the United States by the
natives, and it looks as if certain ele
ments were being inspired to acts of
hostility. It is realized that if this sus
picion and hostility is developed to a
great extent the United States Govern
ment is likely to be placed in the atti
tude of having traded places with
Spain, in being compelled to establish
order by force. This is a thing to be
avoided, of course, and if fair treat
ment, good government and generosity
toward natives can acomplish it, tran
quillity -will be restored, but it is un
certain what secret agencies may be at
work making trouble.
Should the natives of the Philippines
assume an attitude of active hostility
under the inspiration of tbis secret in
fluence, a very difficult problem will be
presented. It would practically be im
possible at this time to cut off the sup
plies from any considerable band of
belligerent natives if any foreign gov
ernment had a motive in assisting
them.
MERRITT CRITICIZES
RIOS' SURRENDER
CHICAGO, Dec. 29.— Major General
Wesley Merritt, who is spending the
holidays in this city, was very much
surprised to hear of the surrender of
Hollo by Ceneral Kios to the insur
gents. General Morritt believes the sur
render may have been an Intentional \
move on the part of the Spaniards, de
signed to make it difficult for us to
maintain control of the Philippine
Islands.
"It is, of course, impossible," con
tinued General Merritt, "to predict
what bearing this move will have on
the ultimate disposition of the islands.
ml Rins had no right to surrender
to the insurgents, unless, indeed, his
command was on the verge of starva
tion or in some equally tight place.
Wh":i Manila fell, all the islands in
the archipelago went with it. and al
though the surrender, then made on
paper, niipht not have amounted to
mu«"h. and might have been terminated
should the Spanish have felt themselves
sufficiently strong, yet the signine of
the protocol gome six days later pre
vetrted »r.y further movements, either
on the part of the Americans to pain
further control of the islands, or on the
part <>f the Spanish to attempt to wrest
any of th>- surrendered territory from
their victors. Consequently Rios' only
move should have been to turn over
Hollo to th" (iiited States troops.
"The idea the Insurgents have is that
the more territory they can assert that
they hold the better their claim to the
right of independence when the time
romes f>>r them to treat with the United
States regardnig the mode of govern
ment."
EVERYTHING QUIET AND
ORDERLY AT ILOILO
MANILA, Dec. 29.— The expedition
under General Miller arrived at Iloilo
lay and found the Spaniards had
.evacuated the place on Saturday. The
steamer Churuca transferred the Span
ish forces to Mindanao.
In accordance with an agreement the
rebels entered the city and trenches on
Monday at noon. They immediately es
tablished a. municipal government.
(Juards were placed over foreign prop
erty. Everything is quiet and orderly.
There waa some looting during the
right, but five natives were phot, and
this had an exemplary effect. The only
forelgrn ship in the harbor was the
British cruiser Irene.
CABLES FOR THE
PHILIPPINE ISLANDS
NEW YORK, Dec. 2?.— Colonel Kim
ball, of the quartermaster's department
In the Army building:, has received or
ders from thp War Department to se
cure at once an iron Bhip of from 1000
to 2000 tons for use as a cable ship to
lay cables to connect the islands of the
Philippines.
The ship will be kept on station as a
cable ship, or can be used as a trans
port. She is to be secured at once.
GENERAL LAWTON TO
SERVE UNDER OTIS
WASHINGTON. Dec 29.— The War
Department has issued orders assign- |
nig Major General Lawton to service in !
the Philippines. This assignment is I
considered one of exceptional import- I
ance. General Lawton, who was one
of the conspicuous officers in the Cuban j
campaign about Santiago, will be sec
ond in command to General Otis, and in
the event of General Otis' appointment
as Governor of the Philippines, will as
sume military command of the forces
in the Philippines. His new duties will
require a combination of nerve and
tact
A COMMISSION MAY GO
TO THE PHILIPPINES
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: The wisdom of sendnie a
commission to the Philippines to study
conditions and report to Congress was
the subject of a long conference at the
White House to-day between the Presi
dent and a member of Congress who
is regarded the world over as a teacher
of diplomacy rather than as a scholar.
While the President has no desire to
coerce Congress by taking precipitate
action, he fully appreciates the grav
ity of the situation in the Philippines.
With wider information at his disposal
than is in the possession of many of
those who are disposed to antagonize
the ratification of the treaty or delay
it for an indefinte period, he desires to
maintain the firm policy which has
characterized the administration in
dealing with the Spanish problem since
the destruction of the Maine rendered
war inevitable.
FOUGHT TWENTY FAST
ROUNDS TO A DRAW
: Jimmy Barry and Caspar Leon Di
vide Honors Before the Tri-
City Athletic Club.
DAVENPORT, lowa. Dec. 29.— Jimmy
Barry, the bantam-weight champion, a«d
his old-time rival, Casper Leon, fought a
fast twenty-round fight to a draw to
night before the Tri-Clty Athletic Club.
The small hall in which the tight was held
was filled to overflowing, large delega
tions from Chicago and adjoining cities
being In attendance. The fight was an
even one from start to finish. In the opin
ion of many of the spectators Leon out
pointed his man. but Barry's apparently
superior strength easily evened up mat
ters. There was very little betting on the
event, Leon's previous defeat? making
th*» sporting element shy of the invest
ment. Owing to long delays, caused by
awaiting the arrival of special trains, the
fight was not concluded until after 1
o'clock.
Though the fighting was very fast in
every round, neither contestant scored a
knockdown, j^eon came out of the mill
with a badly damaged eye, Barry inflict
j Ing the injury with a hard right smash
during the third round.
The decision of the referee, Malachi Ho
, gan, met with the approval of the specta
tors. Harry's seconds were Frank Bart
lev, Tommy White and Patsy Fitzgerald,
while Ijfnn was backed by Morris Rausch,
Kid Manning and Dan Leach.
Racing at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec St.— Weather clear;
track fast. Queen of Song-. Egbart and Apple-
Jui-k were the winning favorites. Results:
Six and a half furlongs— Dave S won, Elkin
second Belle of Memphis third. Time, 1:22.
Seven furlongs— of Song won. Our Nel
lie second. Sister Fox third. Time. 1:30.
Mile and a sixteenth— Egbart won, Tragedy
second, Bonadea third. Time. 1:494.
One and a sixteenth mile*, Applejack
won. Dr. Marks second, Plnkey Potter third
Time, 1:49.
One mile, selling— Maggie 8 won, Hampden
second. Lady Disdain third. Time, 1:42V 4 .
«
Brazil Approves Extradition Treaty.
BUENOS AYRES, Dec. 29.— A dispatch
from the Herald's correspondent at Rio
.tie Janeiro states the Brazilian Congress
has approved the treaty of extradition
with the United States.
Foresters Elect Officers,
Court Oak Grove. Ancient Order of Foresters,
has elected the following officers for the ensu
ing term: J. F. Johnson, chief ranger; J. J.
Thomas, sub chief ranger; Charles Wiener,
financial secretary; J. 11. Morals, recording sec
retary; Dr. H. Damkroger, treasurer; Thomas
Schalich, senior warden; O. J. An-Jerson
Junior warden; William Walter*. «enlor beadle-
Charles Holton, Junior beadle; Dr. Damkroger,
pßyslclan; C. Purrlngton. druggist; J. j
Thomas, J. J. Ward and Jamen Bowen, trus
ts!"; c. A. Schneider, Charles Holton and Wil
liam \\ alters, auditors.
Manners in the Field.
There is some occult influence which
frequently causes well-bred and well-in
tentioned people to forget their breeding
;.nd their manners directly they have a
gun in hand and find themselves on an
other person's land looking for game Vet
tlier^ is surely nothing inherent in a taste
fur Held sports which involves such dis
regard of others. On the contrary, as is
demonstrated by shining examples in
great multitude, there are sportsmen who
show themselves in the field as at home
and everywhere thoughtful of their fel
lowmen, and whose pleasant fellowship is
sought not only by the companion with
whom they go shooting, but by the resi
dents among whom they shoot, and -to
whose courtesy they are indebted fur
their opportunities of spurt. Every shoot
er who thus treats a land owner as he
would be treated in turn by him will have
no difficulty in linuing In this country to
day an abundance of good shooting Even
if he shall at first be warned oft and de
barred by trespass notices, he has to thank
for this, in all probability, the gunners
who have preceded him, and who have
made their invasion of the fields so intol
erable that they have put a brand and
stigma upon all of the craft. But even
the most hostile and bitter misanthrope
of a Northern or Western farmer or
Southern plantation owner will gradually
relent and make himself agreeable if the
sportsman who covets his game will but
persevere in the pursuit of it according
to the Golden Rule.— Forest and Stream.
Getting on in College.
"How is Reuben doing: at college. Uncle
Si?" asked a neighbor.
"Splendid," replied Uncle Si. "He's been
studyin" Scotch, and they do say he beats
all."
"Scotch?"
"Yes. They calls It by the name of golf
down to college. He addressed a 801 l
the other day at Golf, an' as far as I can
see none o' the other dancers was In it."—
Harper's Bazar.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1898.
WHERE AN AVALANCHE WROUGHT HAVOC.
By the Fall of Part of Ked Rock Mountain Into the Village of Aerolo, Switzerland, One Hotel, Eight Houses and Twelve Other Building
Were Destroyed and Three Persons Killed.
TWO PETITIONS
FOR DISARMAMENT
Presented to President
by a Delegation.
REPRESENTS MANY CHURCHES
MILLIONS OF CHRISTIANS WHO
FAVOR LASTING PEACE.
Not Advocates of Peace at Any Price,
but Thoroughly Desirous of
Securing International
Arbitration.
Bi>eciaJ IMspatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 29.— A delega
tion presented to the President to-day
two petitions, one from the great ma
jority of the organized Protestant
Christian churches of the world and
the other from the Pan-Presbyterian
Alliance. The first petition was signed
by the representatives of the 145 na
tional and denominational churches,
existing on all the six continents, viz:
The Church of England, the Church of
Scotland, twenty-nine other churches
in Great Britain and Ireland, the gen
eral of the Salvation Army, two
churches in Belgium, two in Switzer-
land, six in Holland, twelve in Aus
tralia, eight in the United States and
sixty-four in other parts of the world.
All unite in their approval of the pe
tition. It asks for the reduction of the
heavy armaments maintained by Chris
tion nations, "ready upon provocation
to go to war and settle their disputes
by bloodshed," and also requests the
influence of the Government of the
United States in favor of international
arbitration as a substitute for war.
The second petition is from the Pan-
Presbyterian Alliance, which also
united in the first petition and with it
Includes eighty national and denomi
national churches throughout the
world. This second petition asked for
a "permanent and peaceful method for
the settlement of all controversies aris
ing between the people of the British
empire and the republic of the United
States."
The delegation stated that they were
not to be regarded as "the advocates
of a policy of peace at any price," or
with maintaining the opinion that all
war is sinful. They quoted the West
minster confession to the effect that
"Civil magistrates may rightfully
now, under the New Testament, wage
war upon just and necessary occa
sions."
The signers of these petitions repre
sent more than 80,000,000 of Chrtstians
in all parts of the world, 25,000,000 of
whom are Presbyterians.
The President responded cordially to
the delegation, sayine that he favored
arbitration between Great Britain and
America. He also said that he had re
s^nded promptly to the Czar's pro
posal for disarmament, but that under
present circumstances the armaments
of the United States could not now be
lessened, but would in any event be
less than would satisfy European na
tions.
A Calendar Tea for Charity.
A Calendar tea for ' the benefit of Fa
biola Hospital will be given to-morrow
afternoon between the hours of 2 and 4
o'clock at the residence of Mrs. AVllllam
R. Davis, on the corner of Prospect and
Summit streets, in Oakland. Among the
many attractions that will be presented
for the enjoyment of visiting guests will
be Yon Limputten's famous painting, the
"Retur.n of the Flock," and Gonnelia's
statue of Michael Angelo. An entertain
ing programme has been arranged, and
will be rendered under the immediate di
rection of a specially appointed commit
tee. Vocal selections will be rendered by
Miss Elizabeth McNe*r. Miss Josephine
(,'biibot. Miss Alice Moffitt. Miss Lucy
Moffltt and Frank W. Thompson. In view
of the charitable object of the benelit
scores of tickets have already been sold,
which promises to the ladies in charge a
perfect success in their undertaking of
attempting to assist the hospital and its
inmates.
Booker T. W'ashiio'ton, the
most talented npgro in the
South, tells how the dark
skinned races of our new colo
nies should be governed, in
next Sunday's Call,
EASTERN TRUNK
LINE EXPECTED
Northern Californians
Have Strong Hopes.
LANDS ALREADY BOOMING
EXTENSION OF BURLINGTON OR
UNION PACIFIC PREDICTED.
But the Southern Pacific Is Also
Watching the Situation and
Will Endeavor to Shut
Out Competition.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Dec. 28.— Strong hopes
are entertained in extreme Northeast
ern California that rumors of the com
ing: of an Eastern trunk line railroad
are soon to be realized. The rumors
are so persistent that people all along
the prospective route are becoming In
fected with the- speculative spirit
aroused by the advent of a great over
land road into new territory, and the
price of farm and stock lands has re
ceived an upward tilt in consequence.
Several years ago the Union Pacific
surveyed a line from Redding up Pit
River, through Modoc County, and on
to Boise City, Idaho, where conneeum
was made with the Oregon Short Line.
The survey was without result to the
country traversed, as the Union Pacific
never made any attempt at construc
tion work, though the engineers made
a most favorable report to headquarters
in Omaha. It is now reported that sur
veyors were again in the field, working
this way from Idaho, and were only
withdrawn late in the fall. It is ex
pected that early in the spring they will
again take the field and push forward
to the head of the Sacramento Valley.
What road these surveyors represent is
not known, but it is the general opin
ion here that the Union Pacific is be
hind'the survey.
Were it not for the fact that the "Q"
road has considerable realty holdings,
besides dock privileges, at Grays Har
bor, Washington, there would be rea
son to believe that the Chicago, Bur
lington and Quincy was headed this
way, making for San Francisco by the
most feasible pass through the Sierras
by following the course of Pit River,
passing down the Sacramento Valley
and entering Lake County and thence
to a Junction with the Donohue road at
Hopland or thereabout. Billings, Mon
tana, is the western terminus of i»<e
Burlington track. The Union Pacific
would follow the same route as out
lined for the Burlington. One of the
most fertile stock regions on the coast
lies directly in the path of the survey.
Three spurs from the lines of the
Southern Pacific Company, lying In
waiting for indications of overland
competition from northeastward, ara
gradually being thrown forward in the
direction of Idaho, though on the sur
face these branches appear to be noth
ing but feeders to the main line from
the Sierra timber belts. One road
leaves the Shasta route at Anderson,
in this county, another at Castle Crag,
and the third at Upton, in Siskiyou
County. The latter, the McCloud River
Railroad, has been built with a solid,
substantial roadbed, inspected and ac>
cepted by the Southern Pacific engi
neers, and railroad people have Inti
mated time and again that that roaa
would be used to head off any Eastern
trunk line that might seek to enter the
State from the northeast. The Castle
Crag line will be pushed forward in th«
spring to Modoc County, following th»
timber belt to the Whitehorse forest?,
where a Michigan svndlcate has a bond
on 90,000 acres of sugar and yellow pine
lands. The people of Modoc believa
that it is this road which will event
ually be continued forward to South
eastern Oregon with the idea of shut
ting out the Union Pacific or any other
incoming road. If the development of the
Ociental trade, together with the easy
matter of financing a road with money
so abundant in banking and financial
centers of the country. Induces any of
the big companies in the Northwest to
strike toward California it will be over
the route along Pit River down to th»
Sacramento Valley. It Is through a
roush country for p«-"**v or one hun
dred miles, but cannot be compared
with the Shasta route in expense pet
mile
TO AMEND MAIL
SUBSIDY ACT
Proposed Encourage
ment of Shipping.
UNITED SUPPORT EXPECTED
BOUNTY ON TONNAGES AS WELL
AS SPEED AND DISTANCE.
Legislation in the Past Caused to Be
Constructed Vessels That Were
of Great Service in
the War.
Special LHspatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Dec. 29.
There will be a strong effort made to
amend the mail subsidy act by provid
ing for a bounty on mail tonnage as
well as for speed and distance. This
measure seems likely to enlist the
united suport of the Republican party
in Congress, inasmuch as President
McKinley, in his last annual message
to Congress recommended legislation
calculated to assist the American mer
chant marine, especially between the
United States and the Hawaiian Isl
ands and the islands acquired from
Spain.
Senator Hanna's bill provides that
tonnage compensation shall be paid to
owners of vessels registered by an
American citizen, and which at the
time of entry are engaged in the for
eign trade of the United States, the
Secretary of the Treasury beingauthor
ized to contract for a period of twenty
years and pay one and one-half cents
per gross ton for each 100 nautical miles
for the first 1500 miles, outward or in
ward, and one cent for each 100 miles
over 1500 miles.
Representative Bingham of Pennsyl
vania, who is the author of the law
providing for a subsidy to American
ships carrying United States mails to
foreign ports, is much interested in the
subject.
"The bill for a subsidy for American
mail-carrying ships." said Bingham to
The Call correspondent to-day, "was
reported from the Committee on Post
offices and Post Roads in the Fifty
first Congres by myself. It was enact
ed into a law in lieu of the Farquhar
bounty bill, which Congress regarded as
too radical at that time. The law paid
a subsidy to United States vessels car
rying mails on a basis of mileage and
speed.
"The immediate outgrowth of that
law was the construction in an Ameri
ADVERTISEMENTS.
8O82O£OSSOS2OS2O?2OS8 088 o Sao 88 o Bgo 8So8o?go88o'8go5go!gosg o£ o 880 88 o 8«o.8iO?jo?io!io?8o8SoSoS8 o 0520 82 o o
CURE THAT PAIN ! |
You need not have a pain or an ache. I can cure you. My Electric Belt 2*
t reaches every nerve and organ. of the body. It pours warm life and o
power into the muscles, removes the cause of pain, and you are cured, 88
, A cure is a certainty, whether your trouble be O
\\ RHEUMATISM, LAME BACK, |
ft ' SCIATICA, LUMBAGO, §
_y^ N. W Or the moving pains In the shoulders or other parts caused by nervous S3
/^"^ . . \-^| weakness. See what it does: ■■ >W. : \^ . o
[ T\ "A few months ago I was troubled severely v.-ith Lame Back and pain r?
V- |^^\l in my hips— Lumbago. A friend Induced me to try your Belt. In a few ?•
\ i " \s\ weeks all the pains and stiffness were gone, and lam now a well man •' &
i ■; -''^a —C. E. GUNN, Amalle, Kern Co., Cal. ~
/■Jt':.l^S\ ; HAVE YOU A PAIN ANYWHERE ? -;|
K^KfcAvj^ll^j^W ■ al If so. come and he cured - Put life in your nerves, warm up your '**
SfjRStSSSM^^^SwmL. Jm blood, drive out the pain. My Electric Belt will do it for you in a few °
wgFg&&Kf^*£9mf^Z~?3Sq^>yM!B days. Call and see it if you can, or send for free book about it A &
■pg«:^j^7it; I^S^BKP' personal test at the office will do you good. L A p
DR. A. T. SANDEN, not in-druo stc'reT °°
702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisco. ■W l * IN U rIZr lZ_ U S l UKt^ a
Office hours, Ba. mtoB p. m.': Sundays. 10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, . Dr - Sanden's Electric Belt Is never sold In ci
Cal.. 204% South Broadway; Portland. Or., 253 Washington street; - Denver. . ' dru * stores nor by traveling; agents; only at V
Colo.. SSI Sixteenth street: Dallas. Tex., 285 Main street; Butte. Mont.. 110 North our office. • j O
Main street. - ..• . : ■ . .. . ..:..:',.. , . I \ ; — ' — •— '—' | «5
8o?8o?8o88o88o$8o88ojg o 880 880 88 o 880 88O88O88O88O8JO83O88O88 o 880 88 o 88 o ?8o 88088088088088088088088 o 880 8810 88 o 88o§
can shipyard of two magnificent ves
sels, the St. Paul and St. Louis. These
vessels, together with their two sister
ships, owned by an American line, be
came part of the naval defense of the
United States in the war with Spain.
The subsidy law provided for their use
as auxiliaries to the navy when re
quired. I believe the time has arrived
when we can safely go further than
that law allowed, and give additional
protection to American vessels. The
proposition is now to pay a bounty
based on tonnage and freightage for
the purpose of building up the mer
chant marine. I am heartily in favor
of such a proposition."
RAID ON UNLICENSED DENTISTS
Dr. F. F. Lord Secures a Warrant for
the Arrest of *Tr." Strong.
There is a rattle of unhappiness among
the toothpullers and the fillers of hollow
cavities over the raid just started by Dr.
P. F. Lord against dentists who have
been practicing on the molars of the un
suspecting public without flrat procuring
a license for that purpose. Yesterday
afternoon Dr. Lord appeared before Police
Judge Low and swore to a warrant for
the arrest of "Dr." Thomas E. Strong,
whose toothpulllng establishment is lo
cated at 235 Kearny street. Strong was
arrested and admitted to bail in the sum
of $500 to appear for trial before the suc
cessor of Judge Low, as that jurist's term
expires at 12 o'clock to-morrow night.
Dr. Lord Is determined to bring the un
licensed dentists to the bar of justice with
a round turn. He says there are over
ninety of them in this city unlawfully
following the practice of regularly li
censed dentist.s. Before making the com
plaint Dr. Lord communicated with Dr.
Q. S. Backman. president of the State
Dentist Examining Board, and also Dr.
W. A. Moore, the secretary, who informed
him that Strong was an unlicensed man.
With this information in his possession,
he expects to have Strong sent to the
County Jail for six months. Other arrests
will follow as soon as the present one is
disposed of.
It is the intention of the regular uentists
in this city to weed out what they call the
toothpulling quacks.
COOK'S SILVER SERVICE.
Installation and Presentation at Ex
celsior Lodge No. 166.
The installation of officers of Excelsior
Lodge No. 166, F. and A. M., for 1899, oc
curred at St. John's Hall, Masonic Tem
ple, on Wednesday evening, December 28,
at 7:30. The retiring past master, Carroll
Cook, assisted by Hugh James Owen, as
grand master, performed the ceremony.
The officers installed were as follows:
Worshipful master, William Wilson MeNalr:
senior warden, Walter Neat Hrunt; junior
warden, Otto Frank Westphal: treasurer. Aaron
Doud; secretary, Theo. Edward Smith; senior
deacon, Louis Augustine Jlurch; junior deacon,
Lewis Clarenre Hunter: marshal. Aurellus
Eynaud Buckingham; steward, Darren Allen
Hare; steward, Norman Sinclair; tyler, George
Washington Perkins; organist, Benjamin Clark.
At th« conclusion of the ceremonies Mr.
Owen, on behalf of the lodge, presented
Past Master Carroll Cook with a hand
some jewel, ornamented with a diamond
cluster. As a further appreciation of tne
.services of Mr. Cook the lodge, by J. J.
Stofen, presented to him a complete set of
silverware of the Martha Washington
pattern for tho table. Later the lodge en
joyed a banquet at Golden Gate. Hall on
Sutler street.
Smuggled Brandy Seized.
Two hundred and sixty-five gallons of j
smuggled samshu, or Chinese rice bran- I
dy, were seized yesterday by customs in
spectors in the steerage and forecastle of
the steamer China.
MYSTERY STILL
SHROUDS THE
CORNISH CASE
Authorities Entirely at
Sea.
NO TRACE OF THE FOISONER
MRS. ADAMS' DEATH DUE TO
CYANIDE OF POTASSIUM.
Opinion of the Coroner's Physician,
Divorced Wife of the Intended
Victim Makes a
Statement.
NEW YORK. Dec. 29.— The Adaras-
Cornish poisoning case remains as great
a mystery as ever. When the detective
bureau, the District Attorney's office,
the Coroner's office and others seeking
to find a solution of the strange case
ended their labors for the day all said
nothing had been learned that might
assist in bringing the guilty persona to
justice.
The police are inclined to- believe that
the person who sent the poison to Cor
nish is a woman, although the evidence
is of the most flimsy character and is
largely based on opinions of more or
less responsible parties.
Mr. Cornish, who was also poisoned at
the time of Mrs. Adams' death, is now
completely out of danger, though con
fined to his bed at the Knickerbocker
Athletic Club.
Captain McClusky denied that he had
placed or contemplated placing Mr.
Cornish under surveillance. He sent
word to the Knickerbocker Athletic
Club, however, asking if Cornish was
able to come to headquarters.
Dr. Coffin, who is attending Mr.
Cornish, replied that his patient would
not be able to leave his bed for two
days. He said he is undoubtedly out
of danger, but he did not want him to
take any chances. Dr. Coffin gave an
interesting statement of how Cornish,
escaped death, while Mrs. Adams,
drinking from the same glass, was kill
ed by the deadly poison.
"Cornish mixed the poison," said Dr.
Coffin, "and 'gave it to Mrs. Adams.
She drank but a little, complaining that
it waa bitter. Cornish then took the
remainder and drained the glass to the
dregs. I think that the reason Cornish,
was not killed is that he drank the
dregs and Mrs. Adams took the poison
in solution. The quantity of powdered
matter acted as an emetic and cleared
his stomach."
When they found he was unable to
come to them Captain McClusky and
District Attorney Mclntyre, accom
panied by a stenographer, went to the
Knickerbocker Athletic Club and were
in conference with Cornish for more
than an hour.
Captain McClusky said little had been
learned that had not already been pub
lished. Cornish told him that the sil
ver holder had evidently been used and
while it was marked "sterling," it waa
plated. It was not a Tiffany article,
but came in a Tiffany box and had a
Tiffany card in the package.
Late this afternoon an autopsy -was
held. "When the anatomical process
was completed and the parts of the
body desired for analysis were sealed
in Jars, Coroner's Physician Weston is
sued a report in which he reiterated
his opinion expressed yesterday that
death was due to the use of cyanide of
potassium.
No date has yet been fixed for the
holding of the inquest.
BOSTON, Dec. 29.— Mrs. Ada Cornish,
the divorced wife of Harry Cornish, the
Knickerbocker Athletic Club manager,
stated to-day that her only knowledge
of Mr. Cornish of late has come to her
through the newspapers, or letters writ
ten to her by her daughter Edith.
Mrs. Cornish declares that she is not
acquainted with Mrs. Adams, described
as the aunt of Mr. Cornish, and the vic
tim of the Christmas package poison.
She says she never met Mrs. Rogers,
described as the daughter of Mrs.
Adams and separated from her hus
band. ■ Mrs. Cornish added that little
Edith went to New York some time ago
and on her return told of having been
to the house of Mrs. Adams, but be
yond this Mrs. Cornish has no knowl
edge of the woman. Edith is now in
Hartford spending the holidays with
her grandmother.
A DISTRICT MEETING.
Grand Keunion of the Mission Lodges
of the Ancient Order of United
Workmen.
The lodges of the Mission district. Ber
! nal No. 19; Excelsior No. 126; Alta No. 248
and Liberty No. 344, of the Ancient Order
of Workmen, held a district meeting in
Mission Opera; Hall last night, and pre
sented to the several hundred ladies and
gentlemen who filled the hall a very fine
i programme of entertainment. It included
i vocal music by Sam Booth, the grand re-
I celver;. D. M. Lawrence. John Schultheis,
frand master's quartet, John Kavanaugh,
tins Etta Short ami H. A. La Faille;
piano recital. Miss Clara Nolan; special
i ties, Thomas Irwin, Mandel and Mack,
and Fred Head; an address on the order
I by Grand Master Workman Judge George
j H. BahrSi'and finally stereoptlcon views
and A. O. U. screen work by E. Ander
son. The literary programme was as fol
lowed by a dance.
34
COMES TO
THE RESCUE OF
MR, ROBERTS
President Snow Makes
a Statement.
POLYGAMY NOT PRACTICED
iIEAD OF THE MORMON CHURCH
SAYS LAW IS OBEYED.
The Question of Seating the Repre
sentative-Elect From Utah Is
Yet Causing a Great
Controversy.
Special Dlswtch to Th« Call.
SALT LAKE. Dec. 29.— 1n connection
■with the election of B. H. Roberts to
Congress and certain charges circu
lated by the Presbyterian Board of
Missions, President Lorenzo Snow of
the Mormon church furnishes a signed
statement to an afternoon paper here
to-day, in which he says, in part:
1 declare most solemnly and emphatically
that the statements which are being pub
lished to the effect that the Mormon
church is encouraging and teaching
polygamy are utterly untrue. Ever since
the issuance of the manifesto on this
Bubject by President Wilford Woodruff,
my predecessor in office, polygamous or
plural marriages have entirely ceased in
Utah. Since my accession to the presi
dency of the Church of Jesus Christ of
Latter-da} Saints 1 have repeatedly as
serted my Intention to stand by that
manifesto and my determination not to
permit any marriage to take place under
the sanction of the church which is con
trary to the law of the State, and I now
reaffirm that statement.
The implied understanding with the na
tion when Utah entered. the Union as a
State has been sacredly observed. There
is no intention or disposition on the part
of the church to violate or depart from it
in the future. The enabling act required
a provision In the constitution in the
State of Utah that polygamous or plural
marriages should be forever, prohibited.
Laws have been framed in support of this
constitutional enactment. Heavy penal
ties are provided for in case of their vio
lation.
The election of B. H. Roberts to the of
fice of Representative in Congress from
Utah was an entirely secular affair. Non-
Mormons participated in his nomination in
the regular convention of his party. Non-
Mormons also aided in his election. Many
Mormons not being of his party voted for
his opponent. He 'was elected as an
American citizen by American citizens,
and the question of religion did not enter
into the purely political contest. • The
church has nothing to do with the action
of Congress in relation to his seat. If,
however, notice is to be taken of the wild
statements and artl-Mormon fulmlna
tions from the pulpit and the press to the
effect that Mr. Roberts has violated the
State constitution and the requirement of
the enabling act. it is proper for me to
state, as I do most positively, that th«
charge, which incidentally affects the
church of which we both are members, Is
entirely without foundation- in fact. If
he should be unseated the result as to
polygamy would be no different.- .There
have been no polygamous marriages since
1890. There is no movement in the church
for the revival of such unions.- I am per
sonally opposed to any such change Mv
associates In the leadership of the church
unite with, me in this determination.' '
The excitement that has been caused
during the last few weeks Is without rea
son and it appears to me without excuse.
WILL ROBERTS GET
SEATED IN THE HOUSE?
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald sends
the following: Representative-elect
Roberts, tht-Mormon Congressman from
Utah, will probably be confronted upon
his arrival in Washington to take his
seat in the Fifty-sixth Congress by the
prope-sition of expulsion because of his
alleged polygamous practices. Some of
the ablest constitutional lawyers in the
House, who have studied this now cele
brated case, declare there is nothing in
the constitution of the United States to
prevent Mr. Roberts from taking his
seat, but they add that the House, by
."i two-thirds vote, may expel him on
the ground that he is living in violation
of the general laws which govern the
United States.
Nine of the objectors to Mr. Roberts
seem to have recognized the constitu
tional aspects of the case, but have
based their opposition to him solely
upon the fact that he is a Mormon,
and therefore, they declare, he should
not be admitted to- Congress.
Representative James Hamilton
Lewis of Washington is of the opinion
that Mr. Roberts cannot be denied his
seat In the House of Representatives
<>n the more ground that he is a polyga
niist, and has been living with three or
wives in Utah. Mr. Lewis is
firmly convinced that when Mr. Roberts
appears at the first session of the next
<".mgross he must be allowed to take
the oath as a member of the House.
Elliott's Insanity Is Worse.
DENVER, Colo., Dec. S.— Joseph El
liott of San Francisco, who became in
nane here yesterday while on his way to
his old home in Ireland. Is still confined
in an insane ward at the County Hos
pltal. His condition is said by the phy
sicians to lift worse to-day. A telegram
waa received from his liro'ther, John El
liott of San Franoisco. si vine directions
for the care of the stricken man.
Roosevelt's Official Plurality,
ALBANY. N. V.. Dec. 29. -The official
canvass of the vote cast for Governor at
the election last month gives Roosevelt,
Kfinibliran, a plurality of 17 756 over Van
Wyck, Democrat.
Pears'
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
No harm ! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by
ilkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing. So,
bad soap is better than
none.
What is bad soap? Im-
perfectly made ; the tat
and alkali not well bal-
anced or not combined.
What is good soap?
Pears'.
All 4orts of stores sell It, especially druggist*;
a!) sorts of people use v.
CAPTAIN DREYFUS
MAY BE IN PARIS
Reported" to Have Been Taken From His Island Prison
and to Have Sailed From Cauenne on Board
a Convict Transport.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1808,
by James Gordon Bennett.
PARAMARIBO, via Hayti, Dec. 29.— 1t is reported here that Cap
tain Dr&yfus, who for the last three years has been kept in solitary
and close confinement on Devil's Island, one of the Saluti Islands, a
few miles east of here, has been removed from his island nrlson to
Cayenne and sailed from there for France on December 4 last on a
convict transport.
No details regarding the departure of the prisoner or as to his ulti
mate destination can be ascertained. It is believed that he will be
taken to Paris to await the orders of the Court of Cassation.
NEW YORK, Dec. 29. — If Dreyfus sailed from Cayenne for France
on December 4, he should by this time have, reached Paris. Convict
ships make slow progress, but the average voyage from French
Guiana to France rarely takes longer than three weeks.
If Dreyfus was taken to Paris at all, his journey would probably
be surrounded by the greatest secrecy, owing to the hostile attitude
of the anti-revisionists, who have openly threatened him with violence
if he returned to France. Some, however, believe Dreyfus has already
reached Paris.
The correspondent of the London Telegraph said recently: "Cur
ious rumors are current in Paris. There is a mysterious and unknown
prisoner at the fortress of Mont VaJerien and although the military
authorities are most reticent as to his Identity, belief grows strong
that this captive Is no other than the celebrated prisoner of Devil's
Island. However, no confirmation is to be obtained of the report,
which for the present must be treated as a mere guess."
ABSCONDING GEORGIA MERCHANT CAPTURED.
ATLANTA, Ga., Dec. 29.— The Constitution will say to-morrow: S. La
fayette Almand. a Georgia merchant, who is charged with absconding
with some $40,000 or $50,000, was arrested in Tulare, Cal., last Sunday
morning, and Monday night an officer started for California after the ab
sconder. Almand was a Georgia merchant with headquarters at Conyers, and
did a large business throughout the State. He had the confidence of the
business men of the State and almost unlimited credit. He appeared to be
flourishing when, about three or four weeks ago, he suddenly disapneared,
and when those who had trusted him examined his affairs, they claimed he
had carried with him several thousand dollars which he ought to have turn
ed over to them. Just how many were victimized cannot be said, as all of
them decided to keep quiet and try to catch Almand. Nor can the exact
amount of the money alleged to have been taken be named, as even the
victims do not know, but it Is estimated that the amount will be between
$40,000 and $50,000. Almand is a young man, not more than 30 years age,
and is well connected throughout the State. He is married and his family
had been residing in Conyers., Last Saturday the Sheriff of County
came to Atlanta and saw some of the parties interested In the capture of
Almand. He said he had received information which led him to believe that
Almand. was in Tulare, Cal. Sunday morning a telegram was sent to that
town and Monday a reply was received stating that Almand was under ar
rest.
TWO MOST SENSATIONAL SUICIDES.
TACOMA, Wash., Dec. 29.— There were two sensational suicides in this
county last night. Charles Lang, an employe of the Southern Pa
cific's coal mines at Carbonado, went on a Christmas carousal and
spent his last month's wages buying liquor for his friends. Yesterday he
spent the last of his money at a road house between Carbonado and Wil
keson. His whilom friends then deserted him and he became despondent
over his debauched condition. Lang had frequently threatened to kill him
pelf at the close of one of his periodical sprees. Last night this idea pos
sessed hi a-ain and he told an acquaintance he intended to end It all.
A few min-utes later he walked into a small room in the rear of the road
house and killed himself in the presence of four men and five women. Be
fore they knew it he had placed a revolver at his right temple and fired.
He died instantly.
George Remond, a German rancher, aged 50, died of starvation, having
absolutely refused to eat since he. was prevented from killing himself two
weeks ago. He shot himself at that time, but the bullet glanced on his
skull and did little damage. He wanted to aim again at his brain, but the
police interfered and sent him to the county hospital. Since then Remond's
chief aim has been to die. All efforts to have him eat have been unavailing.
He had a fancied grievance against his daughter, living in Seattle, and de
clared she should not inherit his farm at Roy. Yesterday he. sent for a
lawyer and made his will, presumably disinheriting her.
CANADIANS AFRAID OF ANNEXATION.
TORONTO, Dec. 29.— The Toronto World, which opposes the present Lib
eral Government at Ottawa, has a startling editorial to-day under the
heading "Canada on the Brink," in which it warns the people of this
country that times are critical, so far as the maintenance of Canada as
a free, independent and integral portion of North America is concerned.
"Unless Canadians," declares the World, "are fully alive to the situation
and speak out in no uncertain way. they will find themselves between a
grasping annexation movement in the United States, having for its end the
domination of the whole continent, and a great party in England, prepared
to make almost any sacrifices to the United States In consideration of <ome
kind of support of England in her race with Russia, France and other
European powers."
The World then refers to the recent speech at Macon, Ga.. of Major
General James H, Wilson of Delaware, in whic'.i that gentleman expressed
the hope that he would see the day "when our starry flag shall float every
where from the frozen north to the sunny clime of Central America."
"We believe," the World proceeds, "that these words of Mr. Wilson
only show too well the opinion of a great number of Americans, when once
their appetite for. expansion Is aroused in the direction of the north, and
if once they get it into their heads that they only have to go far enough
in their great game of bluff, which seems to be their best and their strong
est card in diplomacy, will force Canado willy-nilly Into annexation."
In conclusion the paper says: "We are nearer to absorption than ever
we were. Do Canadians realize it?"
RUSSIA FAVORS THE PANAMA CANAL
PARIS, Dec. 29.— Rupsia is evidently beginning a campaign against the
Nicaragua canal. The Novoe Vremya publishes an article not only
warmly advocating the Panama scheme, but, filled with bitter dislike
of the United States. The writer says the predominance of the United
States would have been desirable for. Russia a few years ago, but all this
has changed since the last war. The writer goes on to Bay that having
despoiled poor Spain, the United States ha 3 become a colonial party and
an Asiatic power. "Forgetting the Monroe doctrine of 'America for Ameri
cans,' which implies the other doctrine that American dominion must be
confined to America, the Yankees." he says, "are now entering into open
competition with us in China and Korea. They have no scruples over an
alliance with their traditional enemy. England, and with Japan for this pur
pose."
The Novoe Vremya then says: "For this reason Russian financiers and
diplomats ought to give their support to the French undertaking when it
comes to seriously deciding the neutralization of the Panama canal and
placing it under the general control or guarantee of European and Ameri
can powers." ' '
The writer declares the Panama route would be more beneficial to Russia
than the Nicaragua route. . •
WELLSFARGO ROBBED OF SIXTY THOUSAND DOLLARS.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., Dec. 25*.— The local office of the Wells-Fargo Ex
press Company is out a money package containing $60,000. The money
was sent here from Houston for the southern Pacific to meet its pay
roll west from that city to El Paso. It arrived Wednesday morning and Was
given to C. A. Beeler, the Wells-Fargo money delivery clerk, to hand over.
Beeler started for the depot and was seen en route. Four hours after his
departure his wagon was found five miles west of the city in a thicket,
the horse almost dead from the eltects of hard driving. Inquiry developed
the fact that no delivery had been made. There was ho evidence of a strug
gle in the vicinity where the vehicle was found.
Beeler had been in the employ of the company for nine years and en
joyed the confidence of all. He spent several years on the frontier as a
cowboy. His friends stoutly assert that he is the victim of foul play and
his wife also inclines to this belief. Superintendent Taft of the express
company is here investigating. . He admits that the loss will reach the sum
stated, while rumor nearly doubles the amount.
WILL BE THE FASTEST REGULAR TRAIN IN THE WORLD.
S~> LEVELAND, Dec. 29.— As a reßUlt of a meeting of division superin
( tendents of the Lake Shore and Michigan Southern Railroad, Just held
here to rearrange time tables, it is announced that the new fast mail
•which is to be started next Sunday between New York and San Francisco
will be the fastest regular train in the world. That is to say there is no
other train which goes as great a distance In as short a time every day in
the year. The new mail train will reduce the time between Buffalo and Chi
cago from fifteen hours, twenty-five minutes, to thirteen hours, fifteen min
utes, a reduction of two hours and ten minutes. The total reduction in time
between New York and San Francisco over the present schedule Is a lit
tle over thirteen hours.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1898.
BUSINESS AND
PLEASURE FOR
THE TEACHERS
Topics Before State
Association.
VERY INSTRUCTIVE PAPERS
THE VARIOUS BRANCHES ARE
WE.L..L, ATTENDED.
State Superintendent-Elect Kirk Ad
vocates the Abolishment of
the County Insti
tute,
Special Dfsj>atch to Ths Call.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 29.— The fact
that three of the principal drawing
cards of the week were presented this
morning caused State President Childs
to announce at the conclusion of last
night's session that the State Teachers'
Association would meet in the Athen
aeum to-day, Instead of In the South
Methodist Church across the street, as
It did yesterday. Subsequent develop
ments demonstrated the fact that the
change was a wise one, for although
the Athenaeum will hold an audience of
2000 people, it was taxed to its utmost
capacity all during the morning ses
sion. Had the association met in the
church some 1200 people would have
been deprived of the pleasure of hear
ing the most interesting programme so
far crowded into any one ession of the
association since it was first called to
order on Tuesday.
The association met promptly at 9
o'clock. The morning was a beautiful
one, and as the members of the asso
ciation took their seats it was apparent
from the bright eyes and rosy cheeks
and general air of animation manifest
ed on every side that the bright sun
shine had put everybody in a happy
frame of mind, and in just the right
condition to hear the treat in store
for them.
Frank Coffin, the well-known San
Francisco tenor, and who years ago and
before he ever thought of becoming a
singer, used to live in Santa Rosa, and
who consequently is a great favorite
with a Santa Kosa audience whenever
he appears, followed Mr. Childs in am.
exquisite solo, which was warmly re
ceived. A few preliminary announce
ments were then made by the presi
dent. Then the association got down to
business.
'Ihe first speaker was Dr. Washington
Wilson, the well-kncrwn Berkeley pro
fessor, who spoke of "Our Language and
Our Duty." His subject was an inter
esting one, and he handled it in a
highly interesting manner, speaking at
length of the duty the teacherß of the
State owed to their profession to see
that the English language was taught
In all its purity.
The Hon. John Swett, ex-Superin
tendent of Public Instruction and the
pioneer educator of the public 'schools
of the Pacific Coast, then was invited
to the platform and read his paper upon
"The Evolution of the American Sys
tem of Public Schools." Mr. Swett
was to have addressed the convention
yesterday, but he gave way at that
time to Dr. Hall, whose visit to this
coast Is limited, and spoke to-day In
stead. His paper proved to be one of
unusual interest. He traced the evo
lution of the schools of America from
the time of the landing of the early
pilgrim fathers at Plymouth Rock, en
livening the story with many incidents
relative to his own experiences while
upon the Pacific Coast.
Frank Coffin here favored the audi
ence with another vocal solo, after
which Dr. G. Stanley Hall, the presi
dent of Clarke University, delivered a
splendid address upon the subject of
"Food and Nutrition." discussing at
length and from a highly scientific
standpoint the great importance of
none but the most nutritious foods be
ing served to either teachers or pupils,
"or to anybody else for that matter,"
as he naively put it. At the conclu
sion of Dr. Hall's able address tne con
vention adjourned for lunch.
The "Round Table" sessions held In
the different parts of the city this af
ternoon developed some especially good
features. The work of these special
sessions has proved so valuable that a
large number of instructors came up
from Oakland and San Francisco this
morning especially to be in attendance
upon and take part in those discussions
which, from their special nature, were
most valuable to them in their Hne of
work.
In the department of manual train
ing and industrial education, with
headquarters In Rldgeway Hall, thf
special order of the day was "The Pres
ent Status in the Grades of Our
Schools." L. A. Buchanan of that city
told "What Stockton Is Doing."
Charles Kunon of the southern metro
polis told of the work "In the City of
Los Angeles." "The Work in Sunt:..
Barbara" was the subject of remarks
by Miss E. A. Rice of the Santa Bar
bara schools. Richard D. Faulkner, the
well-known educator, spoke of "Our
Schools In San Francisco," and Ronald
P. Gleason finished with an illustrated
talk upon "The Course in Oakland." In
the discussion which followed the dif
ferent papers the following educators
took part: T. O. Crawford, Superln
tendent-elect of Alameda County; P.
M. Condit, Superintendent of Humboldt
County; D. R. Augsburg, director or
drawing ii* Oakland public schools; T.
H. Kirk, Redlands; C. C. Swafford,
principal Red Bluff High School.
The department of kindergarten edu
cation, with headquarters in Hahman
Hall, devoted its time to matters of
business, no special discussions of edu
cational topics having been arranged.
Of this "Table" Mrs. P. W. Dnhrmann
of Stockton is president and Mrs. D. H.
Wulzen of San Francisco is secretary.
In the department of languages, at
the Third street M. E. Church, Dr.
Henry Senger of Berkeley occupied the
chair and Professor J. H. Pond of Sac
ramento was at the secretary's table.
Here a splendid programme was pre
sented. Among the speakers were Pro
fessor C. B. Bradley of the University
of California on "Certain Uses of
Translation," Mrs. C. H. Howard of
the Girls' Hlfrh School on "The Phonetic
Method of Teaching Modern Lan
guages," Miss Grace D. Wilson of the
Santa Paula High School on "The Ele
mentary Teaching of German" an.3
Professor S. A. Chambers of the Univer
sity of California on "The Elementary
Teaching of French."
At the South Methodist Church -the
department of English was presided
over by E. Morris Cox, superintendent
of the Santa Rosa schools, while Miss
J. S. Kllnk of San Francisco acted as
secretary. The programme here was
an elaborate one. First came "The
Special Function of LiteratuTe Teach
ing; What Is Literature? Its Culture
Value. Its Ethical and Esthetic
Training." This was conducted by
Miss Bello Ryan of San Francisco,
Miss Margaret G. Meehan, Stockton;
COSTLINESS OF THE
EXPANSION POLICY
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.— A Washington special to the Herald says:
The anti-expansionists are now piling up official estimates and figures
to aid them in staying the heavy tide of popular support of the treaty
of peace. Senator Gorman, who Is opposed to expansion and also to the
large increase in the standing army of the United States, will deftly
employ official figures to support his position. As a member of the
Senate Committee on Appropiations, now engaged in formulating the
annual money bills, he is able to obtain something like a fair estimate
of what expansion will cost the United States.
In thlß connection Senator Gorman remarked to-night that while It
Is probable the treaty will be rati fied, the country will realize later
what an enormous amount of money we are about to pay in times of
peace. To maintain an army of 100,000 men it will cost, Senator Gor
man Bayß, $120,000,000 per annum, to say nothing of the incidental ex
penses attending the various form* of provisional government pro
posed.
He contends that when thepeople settle down to a calm considera
tion of the immense debt now being piled up, and which we must
continue to pile to carry out the present policy of government, there
will be a material change of sentiment on the subject of expansion.
There will probably be, he says, a strong disposition to let the Fili
pinos work out their own salvation without calling upon the United
States to pay all the bills.
James Keith, San Andreas; Dr. G.
Stanley Hall, president Clarke Univer
sity. Next came an Interesting talk
upon the subject of "The Use of Pict
ures in Literature Study," by T. L.
Heaton of the University of Calffornia.
At 3:15 Miss Alice E. Pratt of the San
Diego Normal School introduced the
question of "What Are the Schools
Doing and What Can They Do in De
veloping a Taste for Good Books?" J.
A. Metzler of St. Helena followed
Miss Pratt in a discussion of the sub
ject. At 4 o'clock "The Desirability and
Feasibility of a Systematic Co-urse on
the History of English Literature," was
introduced for discussion. Tracy Kelley
of Modesto spoke upon the subject from
the standpoint of the grammar school,
while Miss Eleanor B. Pearson of Palo
Alto took up the idea as applied to the
high school system of the State.
The department of music at the
Christian Church was in good hands.
Mrs. Juliet Powell-Rice of Santa Bar
bara is chairman of this department
and Miss Estelle Carpenter of San
Francisco secretary. The chairman
herself spoke on "Music in the Santa
Barbara Schools." Dr. F. B. Dresslar
of the University of California read an
excellent paper on "Vocal Expression,"
being followed by Dr. G. Stanley Hall
In a learned discussion on "Psycho
logical Methods of Teaching Music to
Children." Dr. Frederic L. Burk of
Santa Barbara, the association's new
president, came next with a splendid
talk upon "The Evolution of Music." A
general discussion of the topics intro
duced then followed under the leader
ship of Miss Estelle Carpenter, the sec
retary, in which both members and
outsiders Joined.
The department of nature study had
its headquarters in Armory Hall, on
Hinton avenue. Professor Volney Rat
tan of the San Jose State Normal
School is chairman of this section and
Miss Etta M. Kinney of the same in
stitution is secretary. The topics in
troduced at to-day's session were as
follows:
"The Present Condition of Nature
Study In the Public Schools of Califor
nia," general discussion; "Nature Work
in High Schools," C. D. Snyder of Santa
Rosa and Fred. W. Koch of Merced;
"Nature Work in County and Village
Schools," Miss Susie M. Dickworth of
the Scotia School; "Nature Work in
City Schools," Miss Kate Hodgkinson
of the John Swett Grammar School,
San Francisco. In this department
much of the apparatus and material
used, as well as much work ac
complished by the pupils in different
schools in the State, was on exhibition
all afternoon.
At the Presbyterian Church the de
partment of the "California Association
of Teachers of History" held the fort.
A general discussion took place rela
tive to the needs and condition of the
department in which many present took
part, but no special papers or addresses
were presented. Professor Bernard
Moses of Berkeley is chairman of this
department and Mrs. R. V. Wlnterburn
of Stockton is secretary.
A department that has attracted
much attention all week has been that
of the "Education of the Deaf and Dumb,
Blind and Feeble-Minded. " Dr. A. E.
Osborn, the well-known superintendent
of the California Feeble-Minded Home
at Eldridge, is chairman of this depart
ment and Mrs- Jennie Bright Holden
of San Francisco secretary, ams after
noon R. H. Webster, superintendent of
schools of San Francisco, addressed his
hearers upon the "Necessity for Special
Training" for woi".; of this nature. He
was followed by Professor A. N. Hol
den, principal of the San Francisco day
school for teaching of speech to deaf
children, upon the subject of "Modern
Prodigies, From a Teacher's Point of
View." "The Training of the Eye and
Ear in Young Children" was discussed
at length by Dr. George H. Powers of
the medical department of the Univer
sity of California. Dr. Alexander Gra
ham Bell, the well-known inventor of
the Bell telephone, who arrived day be
fore yesterday from Japan and who
reached here last night, spoke at 3:30
upon "The Education of the Deaf, and
Kindred Topics." His address was
heard with special interest and at the
Close of his remarks he was tendered a
special vote of thanks by the depart
ment.
To-night both business and pleasure
were combined by the teachers of the
State Association. The Alumni Asso
ciation of the State Normal Schools
held its annual reception at Germanhi
Hall; the alumni of Stanford Univer
sity held a reception at the First
Christian Church; *he teachers of
Santa Rosa held a reception at Society
Hall, and 2000 people listened to able
addresses by Superintendent - elect
Thomas J. Kirk of Fresno upon the
subject, "The County Institute," and by
Professor Bernard Moses of the Uni
versity of California on "Social Life in
Japan." Several private affairs were
also arranged in honor of certain city's
guests.
State Superintendent-elect Kirk's ad
dress at the Athenaeum attracted con
siderable attention, both on account of
its subject matter and from the fact
that as the next State Superintendent
of Public Instruction Mr. Kirk will In
all probability endeavor to put some of
the reforms he advocates into effect.
The speaker's subject was "The County
Institute," and in strong terms he ad
vocated its abolishment in the future.
Upon this subjoct the speaker said:
To the Institute as now conducted I
make the following objections:
First— The time (three to five days) is
too ahort for the most valuable profes
sional training, or for any considerable
Instruction. Hence, the Institute must
deal largely with generalities and cannot
meet the wants of individuals. The
teacher returns to her work, conscious of
her Ignorance. She has been permitted
to look upon inviting fields of knowledge
which she has not had time to explore.
She realizes that she has not succeeded
as she ought; she has learned that there
are good methods which she has not
mastered, but her fund of available,
knowledge has been little increased, and
she has* lltue added power to overcome
the difficulties in the dally work. Seme
few teachers may have written thoughtful
essays, the preparation of which has, no
doubt, done them good. Institute Instruct
ors have waxed eloquent over their re
spective themes, but the mass of the
teachers have not received the benefit
commensurate with the time and expense,
certainly not if that time and money can
be better expenued.
Scond — There has been a lack of unltv
In the programme and a lack of connected
work between the Institutes from year to
year. An hour or two is spent In the dis
cussion of one topic; then another 13 I
taken up, and so on. The evenings are
devoted to lectures generally entertain
ing and instructive but with every chang
ing theme and speaker. On the following
year new instructprs must be secured,
because the teachers and the community
have heard the others, till it may be said
of the teachers of California and . the
strangers w..0 come here that "they spend
their time in nothing else but either to
tell or to hear some new thing." Too fre
quently these "new things" are untried
theories and visionary schemes, the trial
of which by the unskilled teacher has
frequently resulted in great injury to the
unsuspecting child.
Third— Of necessity the institute can
not at the same time be greatly helpful
to the rural teacher, the teacher of the
city schools and the high school teacher.
There can be no question that the insti
tute is of much value to the rural teach
er, affording as it does an opportunity
to come to town, to fraternize with fel
low teachers, to renew old acquain
tances and to make new ones, and to lis
ten to and participate in the musical and
literary exercises in addition to all peda
gogical discussions which cannot be dis
pensed with. The city teacher and the
high school teacher not being bo Isolated
do not feel so much the need of such re
union, and it must be confessed that
many attend the institute as a matter of
duty rather than of pleasure or for profit.
To remedy as far as maybe these de
fects and to remove these objections 1
submit three plans and ask that you give
them careful consideration. The tlrst
calls for an institute to last five full days
with the subjects to be treated to be re
duced in number and increased in effec
tiveness. In the opinion of the speaker
not more than two subjects should be
taken up by any one institute until the
entire school curiculum has been covered.
The second calls for the amendment of
the law providing for the Institute so as
to allow a two weeks' session to be held,
allowing all teachers half pay for their
time in attendance. Hold each institute
Just oefore the opening of the first term
in the school year. Let the Instructors
be appointed by the State Board of Edu
cation, and let them be paid stipulated
salaries by the State, their time when
not engaged in institute work to be de
voted to instruction in the State Normal
schools or in the State University. Six ca
pable State instructors at salaries of $;iOOO
each could be secured for the money now
annually paid by the counties for irreg
ular instructors. The third, and, in the
opinion of the speaker, the best plan,
provides for the abolition altogether of
Teachers' Institute and for the estab
lishment of summer and winter schools
of special training, to be under the aus
pices of the State University and the in
structors of the State normal schools.
COUHSINO AT INOLESIDE.
Two Days of Royal Sport Will Be En
joyed on Sunday and Monday.
The greatest coursing in the history of
the Ingleside coursing park will be on
Sunday and Monday next. One hundred
and twenty-six dogs are entered and the
prizes amount to the grand sum of 51065.
The stakes will consist of one open, a
sapling and puppy, with the following re
mit:
Open or all-aged stake drawing-: M. Cra
mer's Jersey Lily vs. Russell & Wilson's Lady
Hersehel; P. Brophy's Jim H vs. P. J. G.
Kenna's Mlra Monte; P. J. G. Kenna's Black !
Lock vs. J. P. Thrift's St. Michael; J. Van- j
ilenburg's American Eagle vs. Russell & Wil
son's Glen Rosa; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan vs. j
E. Burmelsters War Cloud; T. Butler's Susie :
vs. H. A. Deckelman's Royal Buck; P. J. Q.
Kenna's Flyaway vs. A. Johnson's Mountain i
Beauty; K. Quill's Chicopee vs. J. McCormlek'a I
White Lily; J. O'Shea's Rathbone vb. J. Egan's I
Mayflower; P. Brophy's Benlcla Boy vs. J. i
O'Shea's Young America; Ole Olsen's Sunburst j
vs. P. J. O. Kenna's Racket; D. Hooper's Koo
lawn vs. M. Moran's Buckeye; A. Massie's Hat- I
tel vs. H. A. Deckelman's Old Glory; M. FHz
patrick'B Free Silver Boy vs. W. E. Kennels
Lottie M; Penelope Kennel's Las Pal mas vs.
E. J. Healey's Kusty Gold; J. Dean's Utadiator |
vs. Hurley & Rellley's O. K. Capitol; E. Bur- |
melster's O'Grady vs. J. Perry's Commodore |
Nash; A. Wenton'a Willful vs. W. Cramer's !
Report; J. Dean's Moondyne vs. Eclipse Ken
nel's Leonora; H. A. Deckelman's Pet Klrby
vs. M. Allen' b Miss Alice; P. Brophy's Han
ford vs. T. Logan's Miss Grizzle; J. Dean's
Brllllantlne vs. T. Herrln's Martha Washing
ton; D. Hooper's Bendalong vs. W. E. Ken
nel's Soubrette; Hurley & Reilley's Mas
ter Mat v». E. & B. Kennel's Hur
ricane; W. C. Hoylefs Capadura vs.
P. J. G. Kenna's Flying Buck; Eclipse Ken
nel's Diana vs. Eclipse Kennel's Crosspatch;
H. A. Deckelman's. Glen Chloe vs. W. E. Ken
nel's Mystic Maid; Ford & Duffy's Crusader vs.
J. L. Sear's Beauty; T. A. Farming' s Babe
Murphy vs. T. Cronln'a Iron Duke; J. F. Searl's
Hotstuff vs. Captain Clarkson's Kerry Gow;
P. J. Q. Kenna's Royal Buck vs. J. O'Brien's
Statesman; Larkey & Rock's Liberty Bell vs.
A. Masßle's Lightfoot; J. B. Thrift's Forget
vs. P. J. G. Kenna's Rocklin Belle: Larkey &
Rock's Emerald vs. J. B. Thrift's Forgive;
E. and E. Kennel's Vigilant vs. J. Eagan's
Billy Gladstone; G. Smarts Silkwood vs. W.
Shield's Armagh Lass.
Puppy stake— Result: E. M. Kellogg' s Lady
Gilmore V 6. Duane & Collette's Colonel Dan;
J. Mumane's Wolfe Tone vs. E. V. Ceverlch'a
Nancy Lee; E. M. Kellogg' s lowa Boy vs.
White Earth Kennel's Loyalty; T. J. Cronln's
Arab vs. H. A. Deckelman's Prince George;
Dillon & Rellly's Black Hawk vs. P. J. Tufts'
St. Mary; T. Cox's Halrbraln vs. W. J. Jones'
Rustan: T. Hull's Florence M vs. J. Dowd's
Scout; W. O. Elmer's Fair Florence vs. Captain
Clarkson's Conqueror; E. & E. Kennel's Shy
lock Boy vi. J. Kerrigan's Lalla Rookh; T.
Hall's Miss Skyball vs. J. McGrath's White
Wedge: J. McCarmack's Woodbyn vs. T. Sulli
van's Maid o" Hill; W. J. Jones' Lady Marian
vs. W. J. Jones' Prinoe Jerome.
Sapling 'stake— Result: Milo Kennel's Rock
land King vs. J. Shea's Flrenzi; Pembroke
Kennel's Teronlte vs. O. H. Haig's St. Rose;
O'Connell Bros.' Ht. Ellen vs. Milo Kennel's
Miss Rabbit; J. Mooney'R Silent Treasure vs.
M. Tlernan's Mary Ann; White Earth Kennel's
Lexington vs. J. Kennedy's Night Time;
O'Connell Bros.' Mary .Pleasant vs. J. Ken
nedy's Ever Shore; A. Baumeister's Winning
Ways vs. J. Dean's Belle of Anderson; O. H.
Haig's Brindle Rose vb. C. W. Woruilngton's
Kitty Pafha; E. Burmeigter's Warrior vs. J.
H. Harrison's Hot Harte: D. J. Healy's Maggie
X vs. White Earth Kennel's Loltemr: D. J.
Iloaly's Granada vs. J. Kennedy's Wine West;
Vina Kennel's Pedro vs. J. Shea's Tiger Lily:
Milo Kennel's Miss Richmond vs. J. Farley's
Cash Day: Kelly & HaDdy's Rlply Boy vs. D,
Hooper's Mlnnlp H; H. H. Gray's Terronette
vs. Kelly & Hanley's Baby King.
A New Real Estate Finn.
F. B. Surryhne and W. J. Russell, two
well known real estate dealers, have com
bined their interests and are now engaged
in business at 138 Montgomery street,
under the firm name of Russell & Sur
ryhne. The firm makes a specialty of
collecting rents and Is also ready to place
Insurance. These gentlemen utp highly
recommended by well known firms anil
business men of this city.
Injunction on a Copyright.
Vnited States Circuit Judge Morrow yes
terday rendered an opinion in the case of
Jacques H. M. Hennessy et al. vs. Henry
Campe et al., enjoining the defendants
perpetually from offering for sale cognac
or brandy falsely purporting to be bot
tled In or exported from France and bear-
Ing the Hennessy label, or a colorable im
itation of the same.
A Landlady in Trouble.
Mrs. M. Lewis, keeper of a lodging
house on Eddy street, was cited yester
day before Special Revenue Agent i
Thomas for selling liquor without a li- !
cense. She had been selling the liquor to
her boarders since last October, and was
given until next Saturday to pay t» ii
the amount of the speclar tax and pen- i
alties due. v I
GUARDS WHO
ACTED AS THE
"GO-BETWEEN"
Aided in Taking Opium
to Prisoners.
CAUGHT LOWERING THE DOPE
UNDERGROUND RAILWAY VIA
THE PRISON WALL.
Warden Hale Investigating the Lat
est San Quentin Scandal and
Discharging the Officers
Found Implicated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, Dec. 29.—
Despite the reticence of the officers. It
is now definitely known that the prison
is on the verge of the greatest opium
scandal in its history and that the dis
charge of Guards Cramer and Brooks,
as given exclusively In Sunday's Call,
was simply the beginning of the shake
up. It Is known that two more guards
will follow, and it is believed that seve
ral others will be shown to be impli
cated before the investigation is over.
Last Sunday Warden Hale was
closeted all day with Stenographer
Reynolds and during this time fully a
dozen guards were sent for and their
testimony taken one at a time. The
evidence secured proved that at last
the famous underground railway by
which opium has found its way Into
San Quentin Prison has been located
beyond a doubt. The "tip" by which
it was done came from a convict named
Miller, who is closely guarded in order
to prevent the infuriated prisoners
from taking his life. Last week Miller,
who assisted in the tower gate, In
formed Gate Keeper Gillardin that Jo
seph Brooks and John Cramer were
smuggling the drug into the prison.
Warden Hale was then in Oakland,
but Gillardin set Guard Alden to watch
the two. He saw Cramer walk down
the wall between the tower gate and
the jute mill and hand Brooks a pack
i age, which the latter lowered to a con
! vict by means of a string. Alden
j waited until the prisoner was out of
1 6ight of his confederates and made him
i give up the package. It contained half
| a pound of opium. When the Warden
returned he was acquainted with the
| farts and immediately gave the two
] their discharge.
Letters and papers discovered by the
Warden's emissaries showed others to
I be in the plot, and the investigation
began. One of the guards to be dis
charged, it is stated, comes from Ala
meda County. So fierce were the
threats made against Miller fey the con
vict "merchants" and peddlers of the
drug that it was found necessary to
keep him away from the table where
I his fellow prisoners ate. shut him in.
his cell at a different hour and have a
guard constantly keep his eyes on
I Miller. The slightest relaxation of vig
| ilance and Miller will pay for the in
] formation he gave with his life.
Brooks was a clerk at the last session
! of the Legislature and owed his ap
i pointment to Sip Bettman. Cramer la
said to have been on the notorious
"temporary roll" of the same body and
secured his appointment as guard
through Senator Dwyer.
GERMANS TROUBLED
OVER SAMOAN SITUATION
See a Loss of the Present German
Preponderance in the
Islands.
BERLIN, Dec. 29.— There Is much com
ment at the reported arrival of an Ameri
can warship at Apia, Samoa, the news
papers regarding It is a sign that Presi
dent McKinley means to carry out tha
programme outlined in his recent mes
sage to Congress.
The Vosslche Zeitung says: No doubt
Great Britain will support America and,
thus paralyze the slowly acquired Ger
man preponderance. There is no longer
chance of Germany securing exclusive
control._
Dizziness
Falling Sensations
Nervous Debility
Misery
Despair
cures Sorrow
IN
W * EIC Blurs
_ Drains
YOU MUST KNOW THT ABOVE AHI
only symptoms of a bad disorder that onir
a few unfortunate victims suffer from. Tou
are no doubt aware of the awful calamity
awaiting the victim of a misspent life— a llf«
Blled with abuses. Abuse any part or portion
pf your body and you pay the penalty. If yon
eat too much you g»t dyspepsia; if you drink
too much you get the "trembles," and so on.
Young man. beware of the follies and pltfallt
pf life. Beware of the secret sins of life;
beware of the abuseo of life. Tou ought to
look forward to a happy, rigorous, manly Ufe.
and this you can do. if you get enough ambi-
tion to put yourself in the hands of. the Had-
yan Cure. Hudyan has cured many men. Hud-
yan cures I ervous Debility, Neurasthenia.
Melancholia, Falling Manhood and those dis-
eases and disabilities of men commonly callci
prematurity. Hudyan cures when all fail*.
Hudran cui-es ehronlo constipation, Hudyaa
cures Blues, Hudyan cures Spermatorrhoea.
Hudyan will cure you.
NEW CIRCULARS FREE^
Consult the_Doctor3 Free.
SO-DAY CURE , Tou »*>; .«»• > u '" ln «
80-DAY CORE £^&qg
30-DAY CURE mant to bf eu " 4 -
li certain.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
Stockton, Market and Ellin Streets,"^
i BAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
IA/. X. HESS,
NOTABT PUBLIC AMD ATTORNET-AT LAW,
I Tenth Floor, Room 1016, Claus Bpreckela Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.' s^-' r-'r -'
Residence, 821 California at., below Powell.
San Francisco.
I -Z ■
Weak Men and Women
C11OI!1,C UBE DAMIANA '.UTTEHB.
| V». great Mexican remedy; K'vea health and
j strength to a.xual organ*. Depot. US -Market.THE PEOPLE'S VOICE
CONDEMNS D. M. BURNS
Candidacy of the Ex=Convict Denounced as a
Disgrace to State and Party.
Unqualified and Unequivocal Repudiation of the Man
and His Methods by tl c Chairmen of Repub=
iican County Committees.
THE QUESTION ASKED BY THE CALL.
In view of the fact that the Republican organization of Santa Barbara
County has met and denounced the candidacy of D. M. Burns for United
States Senator as an insult to the people of the State and a menace to the
party, we are desirous of ascertaining the views of yourself and your com
mittee on this subject, which seems to be of vital importance. Will you
answer at once by wire at our expense ? EDITOR THE CALL.
That lMnif-1 M. Burn?, an ex-convlct I
with a criminal record In two nations,
should presumi to b ne a candidate]
for the position of United States Seria-
Froni the State of California, is. of
£ f, Buch a travesty on statesmanship j
that the natural supposition would be I
that such candidacy is unworthy of
us i consideration. But, unfortu
y tor California, Burns' candidacy
is !>. ins tak.m so seriously that the
Btati is menaced with the possibility '•
of having as its representative in 1 1 1 • *
the nation a fugitive from
11 a sister republic.
Believing firmly in tlu> integrity of
purpose of the great body of the Re
publican party "f California. Th<
has gone to the people with a request
for an expression of opinion <m the can
didai • nan whose name on th^
rolls of th» United Stati b .-'• nate would |
makf> California a by-word and a re
ich In the galaxy of States
In pursuance "f the belief that un
der a republican form of government |
the voice of the- people is the voice of i
Uod. The Call sent telegrams t" tli^ !
chairmen of the Republican County
Central Committees of the State, they
iJir.p the direct representative of the !
'■ pie of their respective counties, and '
Seed their views on this subject
A DISCRACE AND LASTING INJURY.
It will without doubt fc>e a disgrace and inflict last
ing injury to the Republican party to elect Dan Burns
United States Senator from California.
J. W. *CNOX.
Chairmen /Vle-rced Republican County Centrol •Comfnlttee*
which has become of such vital impor
tance to the State and nation.
uf tho twenty-two answers received
up t" the present time fourteen are
strongly and unequivocally against
such » possibility, while the other eight
are of such a nature as to show plainly
a full expression in a similar tone
withheld only because of the v ar
th.v the candidacy of some favorite
might thereby be endangered.
These telegrams are th° voice of the
people of California speaking to their
tatives in the State Legisla
ture. While these representatives may
6"ek to evade, the issue, it is not of rec
ord in the annals of the country that
any official has betrayed his trust with
being consigned to political obliv
ion. Whil> there may possibly be some
members of th'- Legislature \\ ho will
forget honor in hope of present
the warning that is given in no uncer
tain tone in the messages of the mouth
pieces of the party in the various cdun
>tiep of the State means that such stulti
tion is but a precursor of a perma
nent relegation of the offending mem
to private
The Republican party of California
■ • withstand the Bt Igraa of having
1 upon the p ;■• aa United
9 Senator a man whom the
HIS CANDIDACY A DISCRACE.
It seems to me- there can fc>© no question about His
candidacy being" a disgrace to California.
E. M. PYLE,
Chairman Re^utolioan Committee Santa Qartoara County.
spokesmen of the parry have openly de- i
nounced as criminal and as a disgrace j
to the State, and the Central Commit-
• . men arc not alone in the denuncia- j
tion of the man Burns and his preten- :
sions. Th' entire business element of*
the State is a unit on the subject, and j
nothing bill condemnation of the ideal
is heard wherever the possibility of
Burns becoming United States Senator
frum California is broached. No man
in the State of California stands higher
in the estimation of his fellow-citizens
in all walks of life than does Charles
A ,roolc president of the mercantile
f.ouse of Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson.
It is but necessary to mention his name
' to have it known that in voicing his
sentiment* the opinion of the Commer
cial, interests of the' State ;.re made
public.
( Mr. Holbrook has no personal choice
Afor United States Senator. Any one of
>iaJf a dozen men na:.ied to him would
be acceptable, but when the name of j
Daniel M. Burns was mentioned there
was an outspoken indignation at the
possibility which Mr. Holbrnok believed
would work irreparable injury to the
State arid to the Republican party. He
said:
"There is nothing: I can add to Mr.
Burns' record, for it has been thorough
ly ventrlated already. It seems 1 incredl
! ble that such a man could be chosen to
represent California In the upper house
of Congress. Laying; aside his reputa
tion ho is utterly lacking in the require
ments essential to be of service to the
State in that body.
'•Bui the great thiii£ is his awful rec
ord. It has become known to all the
world a:id how could we hope to ever
regain our self-respect were we to send
a willful transgressor of the laws of
two countries to represent uh in the
Senate? It would take many years for'
California to recover from the stisma;
it would disrupt the Republican party
in the State.
"D. M. Burns as Senator is an im
possibility; he must hot become the
choice of the Legislature. Every lio-nest
man in the State should rise up and
protest against such a thins. 1 have
I been loth to believe that Burns was
seriously considered as a Senatorial
! candidate, but now that there is no
longer a doubt that he is bending
every energy tQ accomplish this end I
foci that were 1 to remain silent on this
matter any longer I would be derelict
in my duty as a citizen of California.
"If Mr. Burns is efr-cted oenator by
the Southern Pacific Company it will
create an opposition in this State that
will wmk the corporation more injury
than Mr. Burns as Senator can bene
fit it."
This is the opinion of a representative
business man. Below are the senti
ments of the spokesmen of the party
throughout the State. It is for the
legislators t" mark and heed:
SACRAMENTO, Dec 27.— Editor Call:
' t l desire to acknowledge the receipt of
your favor of the 26th inst.. and in reply
would say thai our committee heretofore
lias taken the stand that the representa
■■ tives of Sacramento County shnum be left
elj free in the matter of their choice
for United States Senator unless instruct
ed by the convention which nominated
Ihem. No pledge was exacted of our can-
I didates when they who nominated and
j they are ■< i as the-ir judgment
! dictates, i have been solicited to favor
this mid thai candidate for United States
Senator, but have so far refused to do so.
i J recognize, however, that a reauest from
ii f the leading Republican newspapers
. of California is entitled to much consider-
jition mid shall consult with members of
our committee 1o determine whether we
should depart from our established rule.
11. .T. BRUNER,
Chairman Committee.
i ii:o\ I i.i-K. Dec. ::■'■- Editor Call: I'pon
iuterviev.inK the Republicans of this lo
cality i find no one who thinks it would
!,,• wise to support Burns for Vnlted
States Senator. Ability Is an important
requisite, but without character our good
riamf< is endangered, and we have 110 as
surance that the Interests of the Pacific
Slope will be faithfully guarded.
D. 11. HILTON,
Chairman Republican Central Committee.
T.OS ANGEL.KS. Dec. 27.— Editor Call:
Replying to your telegram asking views
of our executive committee «n the Hen-,
atorial question, would state that the last
Republican County Convention, composed
of over seven hundred delegates thor
oughly representative, and which created
this committee, adopted strong resolu
tions positively favoring a Senator from
the south and pledged its legislative can
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1898.
dldatea to vote for Rebert X. Bulla. Dur
ihg the campaign this committee by res
olution instructed speakers to discuss this
feature and urge that a vote for our can
didates meant the support of Bulla, which
was done. There has been no departure
from this course or. change in sentiment
of. the committee, and local sentiment
strongly supports the action of the con
vention. BRADNER W. LEE,
Chairman Republican County Committee.
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. 27.— Editor
Call: Our committee simply voted that,
as a body, it was opposed to the election ;
of D. Iff. Burns to the Senate. In view
of the fact that the respectable press of'
the State, with hardly an exception, de T
nounces him as a. .gambler and sporting
man, as well as an all-round trickster, it
"cms to me there can be no quest km
about his candidacy being a disgrace to
California. My own opinion is that if
Bums is as painted by the papers Me
would be as much out of place in the
■■United States Senate as JohnL. Sullivan
would be as Mayqrof Boston.' A State
theft, has been represented in', the Senate
byii.suqh men. as. Stanford, Perkins or
White' cannot afford to elect t.o that'ex
aJted position .a sporting man and a very
disreputable one at that,
... E. M..PYLE,
Chairman Republican Committee.
REDDTNG, Dec/ 36.— Editor Call : I he-
Ueveto be a candidate -for United- States
Senator is a. laudable ambition. I don't
believe any faithful .Republican should be
denounced therefor. May the Legislature
*lect the most worthy Republican who
has the inclination and ability to serve
the people best. a. K. ROSS.
Chairman Republican Count" Central
Committee, Shasta County. \ '
BUTTER CREEK. Dec. 26.-Kditor Call:
In reply to your telegram will say that it
is impossible, to. get an expression from
our entire county committee, but -we have
entire confidence in the. judgment of bur
representative in the Legislature to do -at
the proper time what will.be for the best
Interest of the State.
E. C. VOORHTKS.
MERCED, Dec. 2C.-Ediror Call: It will.
without doubt, be a. disgrace and Innict
lasting injury to the Republican party to
elect Dan Hums United States Senator
from California. J. \\\ Iv.Vi.'X.
Chairman Republican County Central
Committee, Bferced County.
WEAVERVir.Lb. Dec. 27.— Editor 'Call:
The Republican Central Committee of
Trinity County does not at present care
to express an opinion as to the Candidacy
of D. M. Burns for the United States Sen
atorship, desiring: rather to leave the mat
ter to the judgment of our .\semhlyman
elect. JAMES MORRIS. Chairman.
NEVADA, Dec. 27,-Editor Call: Hut
few eommitteemen available to-day, and
opinions differ, but majority of those seen
are decidedly opposed to the election of
Burns as United States Senator.
SHERMAN W. MARStt.
Chairman.
NAPA, Dec. 27.— Editor Call: I have
consulted with a number of the members
of the Central Committee and so far have
not found one that approves the election
of Dan Burns for United States Senator.
G. W. STROHL,
Chairman County Central Committee.
MADERA, Dec. 27.— Editor Can: Com
mittee meets Saturday on Burns matter.
Will telegraph result.
K. E. VINCENT Chairman.
VISA LI A, , Dec. Editor Call: I do
not know the views of the ; committee
upon the matter. Aiy own are not for pub
lication. f - CHAS. G. LAMBERSON.
Chairman County Central Committee, Tu
lare County. \
a
VENTT'RA, Dec. 27. -Editor CaJl: Ven
tura County has an eligible man for
United States Senator in Hon. Thomas
R. Bard, and it would be impolitic for us
to antagonize Any one. E. S. HALL,
Chairman Republican County Central
Committee.
STOCKTON. Dec. 27.— Editor Call: Mat
ter of candidacy D. M. Burns. for United
States Senator not canvassed by our com
mit teo. and in absence of its action can
not express opinion.
GEO. S. HARKNESS.
Chairman.
SAITSALITO, Dec. 26.-Editor Call: The
Republican County Central Committee
will meet next Saturday. Whether or not
the I'nited States Senator matter will
come up before it T cannot say.
J. H. PRYOR, Chairman.
SAN DIEGO. Dec. 27.-Editor Call: XL
S. Grant is our choice for I'nited States
Senator first, last and all the time, hence
it would nut be proper for tliis committee
to express its opinions as to other can
didates for the Senatorship.
SAM F. SMITH.
SANTA CRUZ. Dec. 26.-Editor Call:
Republicans of this county do not favor
D. M. Burns for United States Senator.
ED MARTIN,
Chairman Republican County Com
mittee.
SAN BERNARDINO. Dec. 27.— Editor
Call; The feelinp among the Republicans
generally throughout San Bernardino
County is for U. S. Grant Jr. for United
States Senator. E. D. ROBERTS.
VALI.EJO, Dec. 26.— Editor Call: Have
heard no favorable expression from any
of our committee toward Burns for Sena
tor, but have not discussed It seriously.
A. L. HATHEWAY, Chairman.
DOWNIEVILLE, Dec. 2C.-Edftor Call:
Our committee widely scattered. Impos
sible to get their opinions. Personally I
concur in the action of the Santa Barb
ara committee. E. L. CASE,
BISHOP. Dec. 28.— Editor Call: The con
sensus of opinion here with Republicans
anil Democrats alike very strongly op
posed to Burns. ROBT. LOVE.
RIVERSIDE, Dec. 27.— Editor Call: Our
Assemblyman under instructions; com
mittee meeting unnecessary.
C. F. IR'SE, Chairman.
Melick Is Against Burns.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 29.— Assemblyman
W. S. Mellck of Pasadena left for the
north this afternoon on the steamer Co
rona. Melick has' come out and says how
ho flrill vote on the Senatorial question.
He still believes Bulla is really in the
fight, and is not a eatspaw for Burns;
therefore, he pays he will obey the in
structions of the Iyos Angeles County
Convention nnd cast his vote for Bnlla.
"As long as Bulla lias a chance I will
vote for him," said Melick. "I do not be
lieve that the people have any idea how
much strength Bulla has."
"Do you think Bulla Is the catspaw of
Burns"
"No, I do not," said Melick. "In any
event Burns will not get my vote. No set
of circumstances could arise which would
Induce me to vote for Burns."
"Will yon vote for (Jrant?"
"No. 1 think not, although T am by no
means unfriendly to Grant. I shall stay
by Bulla until 1 see he has no chance.
Then, perhaps, r will have to looko ut
for a second choice.- But you can put me
on record as saying that my second
choice will not be Burns."
MACK"S SEAT CONTESTED.
Democratic Assemblyman From the
Sixtieth District Must Deff nd
His Place.
Notice lias been given that the seat of
A-s.rriblyman P. :'H. Mack is to be con
tested. Mr. Mack is a resident of Inde
pendence and was elected to represent
the Sixtieth Assembly District, which
comprises the counties of .Mono, Inyo and
Alpine. He was elected to the seat by a
majority of fifteen • votes over his Re
publican opponent, Finiay Mclver. Mack
w;i^ the fusion candidate, and the contest
between himself and Mclver was 'spirit
ed and occupied the attention of voters
in. a degree second only to the contest be
tween the gubernatorial candidates.
Both men ai" well kiun-n and equally
popular, a fi'ct that i? made apparent by
the cir.se vote recorded. The contest
brought by Mclver will be one of the in
teresting features of the opening days of
the Legislature, particularly so if ah ef
fort Is made to secure a decision of the
matter in time to allow the contestant,
should lie be successful, to. cast his vote
for United States Senator.
LANDS IN HAWAII
CAUSE LITIGATION
UNAUTHORIZED AGREEMENTS
CREATE TROUBLE.
Rudolph Spreckels Accused of Ex
ceeding: His Authority as Pres
ident of a Big Company.
.Suit has been filed by the Hawaiian
Commercial and Sugar Company against
tho- Mani Railroad and Steamship Gom
}ii<iiy and' Rudolph Spreckels to declare
null, void and fraudulent certain pur
ported agreements entered into between
tlje corporations, / such so-called agree
ments having been- made •without the
knowledge of the plaintiff but with tho
full knowledge of the defendant. The suit
involves title .to valuable lands and the
'\i<e of railroads near Maui, H. 1., which
both companies claim but which it ap
pears from the complaint rest legally
with the plaintiff corporation.
In February of the present year, it is
! averred in the complaint, Rudolph Sprec
kela was the president of the plaintiff
cur;. oration. While.so Officiating, when In
Honolulu, ho. communicated with the
Maui Railroad and Steamship Company,
having headquarters in this city, stating
that as tho president and attorney in fact
| of the Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar
Company, he could offer, on behalf of the
corporation which he represented, certain
valuable lands near Maul. H. L, in ex
change tor 600 shares of the capital stock
of the Maui Railroad and Steamship Com
pany. Which ho (Spreekels) would hold in
trust for the company. In a second com
munication, written the same day, Ru
dolph Spreckels offered to lease a railroad
twenty milts in length, running from
BpreckelsvillQ into the sugar lands, for
[ certain specified compensation. Subse-
I quently agreements or contracts, in ac
; eordane» with the communications re
j ferred to, were drawn up and signed by a
I representative of tho defendant corpora -
I tion and Rudolph Spreckels. as president
and attorney in fact of the Hawaiian
i Commercial and Sugar Company.
The facts surrounding the agreements
finally became known to the various
stockholders of the Hawaiian Commercial
and Sugar Company, and they decided to
bring suit to declare the agreements null
and void. The f.OO shares of «tock ac
cepted by Rudolph Spreckols in exchange
for the title of the lands referred to were
! never turned over to the company, it is
I alleged, and. furthermore, the agreement
I was never authorized y the company.
This stock received by Rudolph Spreckels
in exchange for the lands has been trans
ferred to a third party, it is further set
forth, and has been withheld from the
company for unassigned reasons. Tn the
prayf of (he complaint the court is asked
to declare the agreements null arid void
and to adjudge that the agreements work
as a fraud against the interests of the
company and for general relief.
BooJcer T. Washington, the
most talented nrgro in the
South, tells how the dark
shinned rncf.a of our ntw colo
nies should, be governed, in,
nex-t Sun >l 'i. 7/'<: C ill.
It is calculated that the men. of Great
Britain spend at least $25,000,000 every year
on ailk hats.
ASSEMBLYMAN
CHARGED WITH
MANSLAUGHTER
C. F. Kennealy Held Responsible
for the Death of William
Quane.
Quane Was Thrown to the Sidewalk and His
Skull Fractured During a Quarrel Over
a Long Unsettled Account Between
the Two Men.
WILLIAM QUANE, a retired
shoemaker, who has been run
ning a printing establishment In
the rear of his residence, 91 South
Park, Is lying dead at the Morgue as the
result of injuries received in a row with
Assemblyman-elect C. F. K.ennealy of 514
Bryant street yesterday morning. The lat
ter was arrested and charged with man
slaughter, but was released on his own |
recognizance soon after being taken to !
the Central station by Judge Mngan.
The squabble which resulted in the
death of the old man occurred at 10:40
in the morning, near the corner of Third
and Brannan streets. There were many
people In the vicinity, but the affair oc
curred so suddenly that the first intima
tion any one had of the catastrophe was
when they saw Quane lying on the side
walk and Kennealy bending over him.
Even then it was not thought that the
old man was seriously Injured.
A crowd quickly gathered .and in answer
to questions put by Officer James CCon-
nor, ■who was among the first to arrive,
Kennealy said that Quane had been hurt
by falling on the sidewalk while squab
bling with him. .Quane's son, James, ar
rived, about this time and the old man was
removed to 'his home in a hotel bus. The
officer and most of the civilians present
peemed to think that tho injured man
was suffering more from the effects of
liquor than from physical harm and no
attempt was made to detain Kennealy.
As he started away he said to the of
ficer. "You know where you can find me
when you want me."
Dr. A. T. Dlcksoti of DS9V& Bryant street
was summoned to attend Quane as soon
as he had been removed to his home
and a brief examination only was neces
sary to show that the patient was beyond
medical aid. Quane died at 12:30 p. m.
The police and the Coroner were at once
notified and the body was removed to the
MOrgue. Officer O'Connor was ordered to
priest Kennealy. He found the Assem
blyman at the "Palace Hotel at 1:30 p.m.
and took him .into custody. Kennealy
was greatly surprised when inform* d
that the man with whom .he had quar
reled was. dead, and he strenuously de
nial that he had knocked him down. His
version or the. affair is as follows:
"I left my house at 544 Bryant street at
10-30 a. m. to go to. my barn on Brannan
street When near the corner of Bran
nan, on Third, I met Quane, who was
leading two greyhounds. ■ I asked him
vhen he was going to pay me a bill
which 1 had sent him for the storage of
two wagons, but which he had paid no
attention to. The bill amounted to about
$k He said I had used one of his wagons
during the campaign for carrying a ban
ner. This I admitted was true, but told
him 1 had allowed him for that in tho
bill.
'• •Well, I am not going to pay you any
thing. anyway, 1 he said.
"Then I told him 1 would send him an
other bill and ho could deduct what he
thought was duo for ttie uae <>i the wagon
and pay me the balance. He swore he
would pay nothing and acted in such a
manner that I thought he had been drink
ing. He started toward me and I told him
to keep awa<", as 1 did not want any
trouble with him. At. that he drew back
his foot to kick me and I put out my left
hand and pushed him away. As I did so
Quane's greyhounds ran between us and
he tripped over them and fell to the side
walk. He strmk on the back of his head
and was rendered unconscious. I propped
him up against the building and then r;m
to AlcGaffegan's saloon, at the corner of
Brannan and Third, when? I got some
whisky and a wet towel with which 1
tried to revive him. He did not seem to
be badly hurt, and with the help of sev
eral men who had arrived I placed him
in a Ha,ckmeier Hotel bus, which was
passing, and sons him Homo. Then 1 came
down town. I did not strike him. F bore
him no ill will and had no thought of do
ing him an injury. We had turned into
IJrannan street while the quarrel was go-
Ing on and he fell about twenty feet from
the corner."
Kennealy was taken to Chief Lees'
office in the City Hall, where be was
( -barged with manslaughter. Flo made a
sworn statement of the affair, substan
tially as given here. He appeared very
much affected by Quane's death and
seemed completely unnerved by the tragic
consequences of the quarrel. Kennealy
sent for Attorney A<-h as soon as he. was
arrested, and the latter soon appeared at
tho City Hall, accompanied by Judge Mo
ti.iTi. who released th-* prisoner on his own
recognizance within an hour after his ar
rest.
Tho Quane residence is within a block
of whero the quarrel occurred. The old
man and his 15-year-old sun Thomas
started from the house at 10:3u to exercise
the dogs. The boy was leading one of the
dogs by a strap and his father had the
other two. They walked through a little
alley leading from the rear of the house
to Third street, and had Just emerged on
to the main thoroughfare when they met
Kennealy. As the elder Quane stopped to
t;ilk with the Assemblyman the boy con
tinued on his way up Third street, cross
ing to tho other side of Brannan street.
As ho stopped on the curb he noticed the
drivers or passing rigs looking back, and
turning he saw his father lying on the
sidewalk. He ran back and secured the
dogs and hurried home. He burst into
the house with the announcement that
"Charlie Kennealy knocked father down
on Third street," and promptly disap
peared, not to be found again for a couple
of hours. When finally corraJed he could
throw no light on the affair. He had
heard no words pass between his father
and Kennealy, and had seen no blow
struck. Apparently there were no wit
nesses to the occurrence, as no one has
Tbe Arrested flsseroblymar) and the Mao Whose Death H«
Is Accused of Causing.
yet been found who saw, or noticed, the
men until the unconscious form of Quane
was lying on the sidewalk.
Dr Gallagher performed an autopsy on
the body and found that the hack part
of the 'skull had been fractured by a
blow or a fall and that death had re
sulted from hemorrhage of the brain. Ine
only exterior marks of violence on the
body was a lump on the back or tne
head, midway between the ears.
Kennealy is a small man. weighing
about 130 pounds, while Quane, who was
!-68! -68 years old. weighed fully 200 pounds
i The Coroner will hold an inquest at 9:30
! a. m. to-day. 
[ Mr. Quane was a widower. 58 years old.
He leaves five children— Mrs. M. Hook.
| Mrs J J. Neely and John F., James and
first thought there
were no eyewitnesses to the altercation
between Kennealy and Quane. G. F. Law
son claims to have been In the vicinity at
the time and to have seen Kennealy
strike the old man. He says that as he
\v;is cumins up Brannan street from his
work he stopped at the corner of Third
! street and saw William Quane, whom he
know by sight, standing on the opposite
side of 'the street. He was In company
'• with Kennealy at the time. Suspecting
from the heated remarks that were ex
changed between the two men that
something was wrong I,awson concluded
to remain unobserved and watch the de
velopment of the quarrel.
After a short discussion he saw Ken
nealy attempt to thrust the old man to
ward the edge of the sidewalk. Quane
protested and stepped toward his antag
onist. At the time he had the guard
lines of two dogs in his hands. Without
the least warning. Lawson says, Ken
nealy struck him in the mouth. Quane
fell from the force of the blow, striking
his he;!/* against the pavement.
"Kennealy." said Lawson, "then lifted
the old man up and attempted to seat
him against the side of an adjoining
building. He then went into the saloon
I on the corner, where he procured a bot
tle of whisky, and he poured a few drops
i if the Honor into the injured man's
mouth, but Quane's stomach rebelled
against it.
"The Assemblyman-elect," continued
Lawson. "then suggested to one of the
many bystanders who had by this time
formed Into a crowd around the uncon
scious body of Quane that It would be a
good Idea for some of them to take Quane
borne. maintaining that he was perfectly
able to stand and walk if he wanted to."
At ibis juncture Lawson claims to have
interfered, protesting that the injured
man was unconscious and that it would
be impossible fr>r him to be conveyed
home in any other way than in an arabu
lance. Acting under this suggestion a
! hotel bus was obtained and the injured
I man conveyed to his home at 91 South
j Park.
Joseph Berry also claims to have seen
j a scuffle between the two men, but he
is unable to say positively whether Quane
was Htruck by Kennealy or was thrown
to the sidewalk as a consequence of be
coming entangled in the guard ropes of
the dogs as they made an effort to escape.
Will Watch the Old Year Out.
On Saturday evening,- December 31. the
members of the San PVandsco Whist
Club and their friends will watch the old
year out at the clubrooms on Post street.
Following the straight whist games, for
two prizes, there will be a short musical
programme, a New, • Years' tree, and
light refreshments. The prizes won dur
ing November arid December will then bar
distributed.
The fifth annual tournament of the Pa
cific Coast Whist Association will be
held in the elubrooms on Friday and Sat
urday, January 6 and 7, 1599. It is ex
pected that several' of the clubs from
Portland, Oregon, to. Santa Barbara wilL
be present. The tournament will con
clude with a straight whist contest oa
Saturday evening. .
BANQUET THEIR SALESMEN.
The Hardware and Metal Association
Make Merry With. Their Trav
eling Men.
The San Francisco members of the
Pacific Coast Hardware and Metal Asso
ciation gave a complimentary banquet to
their traveling salesmen at the Mer
chants' Club last evening. Plates -were
laid for 150 guests, and the feasting and
merrymaking were kept up till a late
hour.
Brace Hayden, the president of th© as
sociation, presided, and A. A. Watkins
acted, as toastniaster. Among members
! who responded to toasts were: Andrew
Carrigan, A. C. Rulofson, George Boole of
Los Angeles and O. G. Sage of Sacra
: mento. The salesmen who responded
were: Messrs. Best. McVeagh and Hall,
from the Arizona district: Messrs Joseph,
Espey and Brumbaugh of the Oregon and
I Washington districts, and Messrs Griss
i man. ("lark and Heath of the California
ijlstrlct. The committee of arrangements
was composed of M.-s.-rs. Tay, Carrigarv
and Scott. The elaborate menu and hand
some decorations attested the fact that
tlio committee was well chosen.
Thf. association was organized four
years ago for the purpose or bringing the
gentlemen engaged in the hardware busi
ness closer together socially and thereby
enable them to make a stronger fight
against the common enemy, the invader
from the. Kast. The success of the or
ganization has been so great that the
linns engaged in other branches of busi
ness are forming similar associations, and
the plan is also being adopted in the
East.
An averapre man of 154 pounds weight
hfs. It Is said, enough iron in his consti
tution to make a plow share, and enough
phosphorus to make half a million
matches.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JUSfWHAF
1$ %J t»J JL T T liri a
YOU WANT
X JLN your
Bathroom, Bedroom,
Dining=room, Nursery,
Library or Office.
Oil Heater,
..THAT HEATS..
No Odor, No Smoke, No Ashes!
Up to Date in Quality!
Down to Date in Prices!;
j. ■ '
W.W. MONTAGUE & GO.
HEADQUARTERS
FOR HEATING AND COOKING
APPARATUS OF ALL KINDS,
309 to' 311 Market Street, S. F.
"DR.MCNULTY.
ri^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
I L Specialist^/:*;* Private. Nervous, and Blood '
! eases o/ Men only. Book on Private Diseases and !
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20 y'rs' experience. :
Patients curedat Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9 I
to 3 : 6.30 to ? Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul- :
■ tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.or address '
P. ROSCOE UcXCLTT, M.D. '
26' , Kearnr St., San Francisco. Cal*
56
FRIDAY DECEMBER 30, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third SU.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 2SI Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE KAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week.- By mall $6 per year: per month
65 c«nts.
THE WEEKLY CALL, 16 pnftos On« year, by mall. $1
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
r*EW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON <D. C.) OFFICE Rifcfcs House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock.- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 6!5 Larkln street, open urjtll 9:30 o^lock..
194! Mission street, cpen ur;tll 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock*
AMUSEMENTS
California— "Ma^da."
Columhia- >i;rr-t-. ! Jubilee.
Alcazar A Midnight Bell."
'The v.'ii™ Dwarf."
Mr scos The While Squadron."
-urn -Vaudeville.
Comedy— "A Romance of Coon Hollow."
The Chutes— Gorilla Man, Vaudeville and the Zr-o.
Olympia -- Corner Maj-on and Eddy streets, Specialties.
: -liian Hall-Rosenthal Pt&BO U'Cital, Tuesday even-
ing, January .?.
Oakland Race Track— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Hutterflield- This Pay (Friday), at 2 o'clock.
t-n!" n. at Eighth str.-'-t. corner Tehama.
THE T. C. WALKER EXPLOSION.
IZ^ROM the report made by Captains Bulger and
Bolles, United States Inspectors of Steam Ves^
, it appears the explosion of the boiler of the
T. C. Walker was not due to accident which could
not have been foreseen and avoided, but to a culpable
nee whose inevitable result could have been
nothing else than what happened.
The findings of the report are that the boiler-room
far from the engine-room it was not possible
for the single engineer to give proper attention to
one without neglecting his duty to the other. He
could not be in two places at once. It is to be re
gtctted the inspectors did not notice that fact before
the accident happened, but there is comfort in the
fact that they have learned the lesson at last and state
in their report, "We will issue an order to the owners
of steamers where like conditions obtain to place two
licensed engineers on watch."
The lack of a sufficient number of engineers to at
tend to both the engines and the boilers was not, how
ever, the only negligence on the ill-fated steamer. The
inspectors found that the tubes in some of the boilers
showed evidences of having been overheated and the
fusible plug was about melted out. Moreover, it ap
pears that an iron plug was used in place of the fusible
plug, and no report of the fact was made to the in
spectors by any of the officers of the vessel.
On this showing the report says: ''It is evident to
us that in many cases the licensed officers of steam
vessels fail to report occurrences on board which it
is their duty to make known to the Inspectors of
Steam Vessels, for fear of dismissal from employment,
and that this fear likewise causes them to withhold
tlvngs known to them concerning the steamers upon
which they are employed when testifying in. investiga
tir.ns held by this board."
While declaring "we are unable to attach the
blame of this explosion to the engineer in charge at
the time or to any other licensed officer of the
steamer," the inspectors nevertheless suspend the li
cense of the chief engineer for three months for using
an iron plug instead of a fusible plug, and the licenses
of the engineer in charge and of the assistant en
gineer are suspended for two months for neglecting
to '-eport the fact.
The findings are not severe, but they should serve
as a warning to river boat owners. Cases of acci
dents caused by similar acts of negligence or careless
ness may not be so lightly treated hereafter.
THE BILLBOARD NUISANCE.
THE action of the Supervisors in referring the
ordinance regulating the height of billboards
and imposing a license Upon them back to a
committee, in order that a local firm of bill posters ■
may make an "argument" upon the question, is a I
virtual transfer of the subject to the. new Supervisors, j
The present board holds but two more meetings— '
Saturday and Monday. Both days will be devoted !
to the obsequies of the members and no attention will
be given to practical legislation. • :
It is in ruder, therefore, to call the attention of the
new Supervisors to this subject. These gentlemen will
find the ordinance of the present board before their
C< mniittee and ready for their hand. All they need
to do will be to listen to the "argument" of the bill
posters, report the ordinance favorably and pass it. |
Mayor Phelan undoubtedly will sign any reasonable j
enactment. But his action need not bother the new i
Supervisor?. It will be time enough to present facts
is consideration when the ordinance gets into his
There arc two things which public expediency, the
common weni and common sense demand shall- be
done with the billboard business in San Francisco.
The locality and height of the signs should be regu
lated by law. The .duty of enforcing this regulation
should not be left to the bill posters themselves. The
Fire Department ought to .be. empowered to see that
the lives of pedestrians arc not endangered by tower
' illb< awl*. The firemen arc the only law en
forcer? we have. Police-men make no attempt to com
pel obedience to the ordinances of the Supervisors.
the firemen, who look after their own as well as
other lives, are constantly enforcing the fire laws'.
Finally, the billboards should be made to pay a
license. This is no more than fair. Bill-Sticking now
pays nothing into' the treasury, notwithstanding it is
a nuisance of the most virulent character. The new
Foard of Supervisors cannot devote its attention to
a Dipre important question than this, and in legislat
ing it will have practically the unanimous support of
the people. Outside the ranks of the bill posters them
selves nobody desires the maintenance of high bill
boards. which pay nothing toward the support of the
government, while drawing heavily from the bast
ross interesti of the city.
Perhaps the estate left by Columbus Waterhouse
would have been expressed by different figures if he
had not chosen Dan Burns to manage his mine.
CELEBRATE OUR SEMI-CENTENNIAL.
y~* ALIFORNIA was admitted into the Union
September 9, 1850. In 1900 she will celebrate
J the fiftieth anniversary of her statehood. How
[shall it be done?
To appreciate the achievements of that half century
one must reflect upon the conditions under which it
began. For a hundred years there had been here and
there on this soil a dreamy- civilization. It had slept
and enjoyed its reveries in unknown contact with the
wonderful natural resources, n >w partly known and
partly developed. From clustering around the early
missions it had secured here and there a foothold in
our grassy valleys, where the lords of the great
grants lived as the Highland chiefs lived, in the
midst of their clans. Flocks and herds roamed at will
in the valleys, cropping their forage, sharing it with
the deer, elk and antelope, and sharing with them also
the risks from mountain lions and their predatory
partners. Beyond the ecclesiastical authority, seated
in the missions, there was no conspicuous attempt to
found institutions, and. in justice to those pioneers
of civilization, it must be admitted that their simple
lives gave but small occasion for the exercise of
governmental authority. California was but little
known to the outside world. Guarded by its moun
tain wall on the east and by the wide stretching
deserts of water on the west, its topography, physical
geography, its seasons and its soil and sky were the
subject of interesting speculation, as the vast reaches
or Africa are now, but there was less actual knowl
edge about them than the world of to-day has of the
Dark Continent Fremont came as an explorer, and
though this generation cannot realize it, his own time
rtvogp.izeil in him all that civilization sees now in
Livingstone, Speke and Stanley. The simple story of
his trials, his passing of parched deserts and scaling
of lofty mountains; his nights in the somber forest on
guard against wild beasts and wilder men; his descent
upon the plains, all the man-els which he first
brought to the world's attention, appealed to the im
agination and inspired romance. It was the first
achievement to excite the fancy and rouse the
sprit of adventure in the New World since the expe
ditions of Fizarro and Cortez. Followed closely by
the discovery of gold, the world's imagination, fired
by the adventures 01" the Pathfinder, was inflamed by
the vision of wealth. The pastoral civilization of the
country was swept from the valleys by the besom of
a crusade before which crumbled all that had been.
When the admission of California was put among
the compromises of 1850 in Mr. Clay's omnibus bill
this State was introduced upon the theater of national
politics. Though it was yielding gold, the knowledge
of its more permanent resources was so meager that
many things in the debates on Clay's measure seem
remarkable now. Webster's speech will always stand
as a monument to his genius. The ultra Southern
sentiment resisted the admission of California as a
free State because it would destroy the sectional bal
ance. Free and slave States had entered the Union
in pairs; Vermont and Kentucky in 1791-92; Tennes
see and Ohio 1796-1802; Louisiana and Indiana
1812-16; Mississippi and Illinois 1817-18; Alabama
and Maine 1819-20; then came the break in this
order and the first compromise. Missouri and
Arkansas came in 1820-36, and the Missouri com
promise line of 36 degrees 30 minutes was drawn,
south of which all should be slave and north
all should be free. Between 1820 and 1846
four slave States came in and only one free. In
the next two years came two free States, and then
California. knocked with the line of 36 degrees 30.min
utes dividing her into two nearjy equal parts. Begin
ning at about Cypress Point, on Monterey Bay, that
line crossed the San Joaquin Valley between- Fresno
and Visalia, crossed Mount Whitney and cut off the
northernmost sands of Death Vailey. If those who
stood by the compromise of 1820 had prevailed, rlav
cry and freedom would have metat that line.
The situation was. portentous, and the solution
came in the speech ot Webster. Turning to the Sen
ators of the slave States., he told them they would
lose nothing. Slavery was an incident of physical
conditions. It had receded from New England and
the Middle States because in their climate it was un
ptofitable, and, like every system of labor, .the essence
of its being was in its profit. Then, turning to Cali
fornia, he said it was, in its physical geography and
its topography, Asiatic. . It differed in these respects
from the rest of the continent. Its products would
be found peculiar to itself, different from those of the
rest of our domain. Chattel slavery had never flour
ished in Asia for physiqal reasons, and, as Congress
could not repeal nor compromise a natural law, slav
ery, if founded in this Asiatic atmosphere,. would per
ish and fade away. • ■ • . . ■
Looking backward through the events and across
the development, of two score years and. eight; one
stands as enchanted in the presence of Webster,
struck with the universality of his knowledge and- the
prophecy that was in his analysis. The source of his
ir, formation has been a mystery to students. But it is
j known that he gained it from a man who was by na
' tyre an empire builder and the keenest observer of
j nature and her resources this coast and country have
! known. Dr. Gwin was one of our first Senators, He
i was in Washington. from his election in 1849 to the
admission of the State in 1850. Bom a slaveholder, a
participant in the exciting history of Jackson's ad
ministrations, he pioneered here and put his hand to
the foundations of California. From him Webster
had the accurate description of the physical condi
tions of California from which his genius developed
that generalization which has been proved in every
j detail.
I . So. impinged upon history, this land merged from
j its past into . statehood. Every step of the way is
j written in romance and every advance is bowered in
I beauty, and spread with abundance.
When this became the first Pacific State it stood
! alone. lowa, Missouri, Arkansas and Texas were the
frontier. We were the isolated star on the flag. Now
out of the vast region held by wild tribes, fortified by
mountain and desert, which lay in splendid solitude
between us and our sisters of the Union, and north
Ito the confines, ten States have been erected. We
i are alone no more. The subject expands as we con
! template it. How shall all of its suggestions find em
j phasis in the golden wedding anniversary of our
j State? Let California invite her ten juniors here to
:an exposition of her developments. We have had a
midwinter fair. Let us celebrate in 1900 with a mid
summer exposition our semi-centennial as a State of
this Union. Let us rebuild in Golden Gate Park the
; first mission consecrated on this soil and in architec
i ture, productions and institutional progress illustrate
: each step we have taken in fifty years. The world's
I eye is turned again to the Pacific Coast and the
world's hand reaches across all latitude and longitude
Jto grasp the newly found treasures of our north. In
such a semi-centennial exposition all lands will find
I interest. The clemency of our summer climate, our
I cooling trade winds, our capacious cornucopia, filled
with our rare products, and our lintels bright with
blooming garlands, will invite the world to enter a
j fairy land and rest with us in the midst of beauties
j and blandishments that the vale of Cashmere cannot
j rival,
j Known as New Albion* in the far past mapped as
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1898.
the islands of California, fate has changed our flags
and sovereignty and led on to a destiny up to the full
measure of our natural endowment. Let us exploit
it all and justify our pride in our inheritance.
BY the open letter of Thomas V. Cator, published
in The Call of yesterday, public attention is
directed again to the increasing evidences of the
decline of Populism. In all parts of the Union the
defections from the party are numerous, and long be
fore the next Presidential election is held the organ
ization will have gone the way of Coxey's army.
The reasons for the disappearance of the party are
not hard to seek. It was made up of three classes of
citizens. First, those of socialistic tendencies who
desire to attempt to equalize human conditions and
make all men virtuous and prosperous by the enact
ment of certain laws which they regard as
panaceas for all the ills of society; sec
ond, those who, by reason of the hard
times and industrial depression, had been rendered
so discontented with existing conditions they were
willing to accept any sort of change simply for the
sake of change; third, those who had become indig
nant at the boss rule and machine methods of the two
old parties and hoped to attain political reform
through the new organization.
The capture of Democracy by the Bryanites on the
Chicago platform drew the great mass of the
socialistic element of the country to that party, and
to that extent weakened the Populist organization
by taking from it its most aggressive element. The
restoration of prosperity under the McKinley ad
ministration by the re-establishment of the protec
tive system and the maintenance of the gold standard
caused thousands who had voted with the Populists
in former elections to return to the Republican party,
and finally the capture of the Populist organization by
the Democratic bosses completed the ruin of the
movement by driving from it all who had hoped to
see it conducted on lines of honesty and indepen
dence.
It is hardly likely the factors that made Populism
so strong during the last eight years will ever come
together again. The tie that bound them in the past
was never a strong one, nor was their union based
upon any fundamental principle of political action.
That much was shown by the fact that in the North
ern States the party acted with Democrats against
Republicans, while in the South it acted with Repub
licans against Democrats. It had no convictions on
questions of tariff or sound money, and was animated
in each State mainly by a desire to defeat the domi
nant party in that State.-
In his letter Mr. Cator pointed out many reasons
why earnest Populists who have been sincerely seek
ing the welfare of the people should return to the Re
publican party and hereafter act with it. The coun
sel will doubtless be accepted by all former Populists
of that class. In fact the overwhelming vote by which
Maguire was defeated is. an evidence that the more
conservative members of the party have already be
come disgusted with fusion and Bryanism and are
ready to work hereafter in the ranks of the great party
of prosperity and constructive statesmanship.
The country is to be congratulated on the decline
of this organization,, which at one time threatened to
seriously disturb the politics of the nation. Its rise
was caused by hard times and discontent, and its fall
is the surest sign of the return of prosperity and po
litical common sense among, the people. .
\A ORE than once since practical, possession was
/ \ taken of the Philippines there- has been occa
sion to use the homely figure portraying the
position of the Government as similar to that of the
man who had the bear by the tail. He wanted to let
go, but there were manifest difficulties in the way.
•Every day the fact becomes more strongly impres
sive that to hold the islands will be a continual an
noyance and expense of men and money. It is true
the Spanish have been subdued, but the natives have
not, -and they show scant inclination to bow to the
authority, of the conquerors of Spain. So far has the
administration been committed that it is bound as
a tribute to its own pride not to submit to the semi
savages. It may be obliged to defeat them, and just
how long and disastrous this will be is a matter the
future holds secret.
The present situation calls into prominence that to
Americans the approved style of government is by
consent of the governed. The implied sentiment is
not that this consent is to be won at the point of the
bayonet. Once thoroughly licked, the inhabitants of
the Philippines, in order to avoid a further visita
tion, might consent to extend fealty to the stars and
stripes, but it would not be a glad and loyal fealty.
It would have to be kept in working order by the
presence of troops, backed by warships in the harbor.
Thus it is that Uncle Sam has a large bear by the
tail. If he could with dignity loose his grip he would
be glad to do so. But he can't, and the laugh is on
Uncle.
Judge Belcher says that if he had his way the nine
notorious School Directors would be put in a cage
and dumped into the bay. Judge Belcher is a jurist
of discernment, and it is to be regretted that he lacks
power to pass and enforce such a sentence as he sug
gests. . •
To restrain such a brazen lot of rascals as the ma
jority of the School Directors requires something
more than a court injunction. Why not place them
within the hampering environment of San Quentin,
an institution provided for people of their stamp?
Perhaps the Czar is trying to borrow that $150,000,
000 to strengthen his army only in order that he may
be able to dictate the terms of the universal peace for
which his heart is yearning. Either this, or the
Czar is a royal josher.
According to the Examiner, the Assistant Secretary
of War doe's not have any original opinion as to the
situation. If he wants to say anything he corrals a
Hearst editorial, marks it, '"Them's my sentiments,"
and turns it loose.
The Supervisors might amend their signboard re
stiictions so as to tax the boards reaching to a height
of one thousand feet or over. This would salve their
consciences and make the proprietors of the nuisances
fe- 1 good.
When the lawyers in the Botkin case are appealing
to the jury for justice, an impertinent, irrelevant and
immaterial question will arise as to whether it is
really justice that they want.
There is a footpad at Santa Rosa whom the citizens
desire to hang. To hope they may catch him before
they have had time for a sober second thought is a
natural impulse.
The effort to secure the release of Mrs. Brandes for
some reason fails to excite public sympathy, although
it is known that the woman positrvely objects to re
maining in jaiL
THE END OF POPULISM.
UNCLE SAMUEL'S BEAR.
WHAT SHALL WE DO WITH THE PHILIPPINES?
Since the publication of my article
(Shall We Annex the Philippines?) in
The Call of December 19, I have been
burdened with inquiries as to what we
shall do with the Philippines. That
is, if we do not keep them, how shall
we get rid of them? It does not seem
to occur to most people to ask or try
to answer the somewhat Celtic inquiry,
but the more difficult one, what shall
we do with them if we do keep them?
It really seems to me that while but a
few weeks ago the overwhelmingly pre
vailing sentiment was to keep the is
lands because they were a good thing
to have and to keep, that very many,
perhaps a majority, have come to see
the matter differently upon reflection
and would honestly like to be well rid
of our responsibilities as to these is
lands and their inhabitants, but have
now assumed the rather difficult and
dogmatic position that we have them
and are morally and legally responsi
ble for their future and government
and can discharge this obligation only
by annexation in one form or another.
I do not assume that I am asked this
question because it is supposed I have
the ability to answer it, but as the
most available way to answer the ob
jections urged to annexation in any
form — to answer a question' intelli
gently — we must first consider how it
originated and next consider whether it
is predicated on fact or falsehood.
Ever since Dewey sailed into the har
bor of Manila and sunk the Spanish
fleet it has been industriously heralded
and proclaimed that we were the real
possessors and rulers of all the Philip-
FRANK H- SHORT
pines and the inhabitants thereof
while, In fact, we then had only one
harbor with no. land or military pos
session of even one island or city anc
have advanced little beyond this even
now, and doubtless thousands of the
aforesaid .Inhabitants do not know to
this day that' we are in possession of
Manila or that there is such a country
as these United States of which we as
sume they are "truly loyal" citizens or
Inhabitants. The heroic performance
of Dewey and his brave men was sole
ly a war measure to destroy a fleet
that if left at large would menace and
possibly destroy our Pacific commerce
and Pacific Coast cities. If it could
be destroyed it was indispensable in the
prosecution of the war to destroy it at
once. It was therefore destroyed and
with a celerity and dispatch calculated
to add Imperishable luster to American
naval annals. Immediately thereafter
it was proclaimed by the press, the pul
pit and the campaign orator that
American valor had added many and
populous islands to our dominions, and
that we were advance agents of lib
erty and prosperity to bring to these
oppressed people freedom of thought
freedom of conscience and were but an
instrument in the hands of Divine
Providence to accomplish these and
oth.-r miraculous results.
We might remark in passing that the
most unreliable specimen of the uncer
tain human race is the unlicensed pur
veyor of advance information' of the
wise provid'-nce and secret purposes o
Almighty God. The fact is and we state
it confidently that there is not and
never was the slightest reason or au
thority for any if these claims or as
sertions. We had a right until peace
decreed otherwise to star as long as
we wanted to and sail away whenever
we chose. We respectfully challenge
history for a single example and inter
national law for a single precedent to
sustain such a contention; that by the
conditions existing we were under any
such responsibility or obligation or
possessed any such assumed right to
rule these islands or these people ex
cept the assumed right of the despot and
the arbitration of the sword. Accord
ing to the code of international law es
tablished among those nations that for
hundreds of years have assumed the
right to rule any people they could
conquer we could at will if we could
dispossess the ruler and subject the
subject, rule them if we chose, but that
we were obligated to, whether consist
ent with our constitution or best for our
own people or not, is without a shadow
of force or precedent. According to our
announced theories of government
Spain ruling these people by force and
without their consent was doing so
wrongfully, yet by destroying that
power and wrong we assume, not only
the right, but adding hypocrisy to the
power and desire assume the duty and
obligation to rule these people by force
if need be. They have not only not ac
tually or technically or in any way
asked us to rule, protect or enlighten
them, but a large majority of them
have undoubtedly neither the freedom,
information, intelligence nor understand
ing to do so, and those that have the
intelligence are protesting against an
nexation and demanding independence.
If they had the freedom, intelligence
and opportunity to and did ask us to
do these things, then and not until then
we would have the right to assume the
privilege and duty, but at the same
time the undoubted right to refuse if
we did not consider it agreeable, profit
able or beneficial for our own people
so to do. It is essential to national
existence that every nation shall pur
sue a course of enlightened selfishness.
The first and controlling aim and al
most exclusive purpose of each gov
ernment is the preservation, protection,
advancement and well being of its own
subjects or citizens. It is essential to
national existence that such should be
the conduct of each nation and it is
so expected and any contrary assump
tion is not only unwise but usually
hypocritical. As an illustration, but
not as an example, when Emperor Wil
liam of Germany, by the generalship of
Yon Moltke and the iron hand of Bis
marck, camped in the capital of France
and held the French people in his
power, he assumed no obligations and
pretended none as to the future govern
ment of France or the future wellbeing
of the French people. He dictated his
terms, took what he wanted for his
people and left the rest to the empire,
the republic or the commune of France.
This pretense of obligation, this pre
tense of unselfish desire to rule, with
out their will or consent, and to en
lighten at our expense as a nation, if
need be, a lot of equatorial Malays, is
bo unmanly, so false and unAmerican
_as America has hitherto stood among
the nations of the world that we ought
to be ashamed of it and ought either to
come out and say we want them De
cause we need them in our business or
we do not want them because they
would be injurious to us.
The American people can assume an
obligation only as ordained by law and
the constitution. The army and the
navy, the executive and the judiciary,
all acting, cannot annex any country
or people or obligate us to annex them.
It is only by treaty, ratified by two
thirds of the Senate or a majority of
both houses of Congress, that such can
be done or such real obligation in
curred. Even if the treaty were rati
fied we would then only be substituted
to Spain's rights, which is the right to
forcibly rule a people without their
consent and which is foreign to our
theories of government. To-day what
ever form of government exists in the
Philippines, other than Spanish or
American military rule, is insurgent,
avowedly seeking to establish some
form of independent government. If
the treaty be ratified it can only be
prevented from working incalculable
injury to this people by allowing them
to do what they obviously want to do
set up a government of their osvn. We
are told that it will not be stable and
cannot defend itself— a most excellent
argument against, mixing it with our
own. Suppose it is not stable, the
Central American republics so-called
here in our own hemisphere have a
revolution about every ninety days and
seem to enjoy it. In any event if the
treaty shall be ratified we can then co
operate as expeditiously and honestly
as possible in assisting these people to
set up as respectable and stable a form
of government as they are capable of
and then wash cur hands of the whole
uncongenial and unAmerican business
and return to our own jurisdiction.
The person who advocates that these
people are incapable of self-govern
ment, present or future, and therefore
we cannot humanely leave them to their
own resources and follies and at the
same time advocates bringing them in
as prospective American citizens, has
certainly an impossible position to de
fend. In the first place the whole pres
ent and past argument as to moral,
legal or other responsibility is strained
and false, but if the responsibility be
admitted, for the sake of the argument,
or shall be in a greater or less degree
assumed in the future, nevertheless this
irresistible conclusion results: If we
cannot invite them into the family of
States as citizens, and there is certainly
no representative or general sentiment
of the American mind that we can or
should; if we cannot with respect to our
principles of government or with re
gard to our well-being colonize them
and rule them as subjects (and they
must be one or the other, citizens,
present or prospective, or subjects) and
in our former article we discussed the
matter at sufficient length, then there
is and can be but one conclusion:
Sentiment cannot govern, not such a
sentiment at least; it could not govern
if it were well founded and much less
when it is unfounded and false and
hypocritical. The islands must be dis
posed of, must be got rid of, freely
and voluntarily, and for self-govern
ment would best suit the American
mind, but in any event get rid of them.
The protection, the well-being, the lib
erties of this people, the progress, the
advanc-.-nvnt of this one grand and
representative government of democ
racy must not, and in God's providence
we hope will not, be sacrificed in be
half of the pretended interests of a non
consenting, unhomogeneous and alien
race.
We entered this war disclaiming all
greed, all desire fur gain, acquisition or
annexation. We may yet quit with
honor and credit, glory even and re
nown, but equally we may stand con
victed as an Ananias in the beginning
and an Uriah Heep among nations at
the end. It Is easy to tell what to do
with the Philippines before we actually
have them in comparison to being atJle
to tell what to do with them when
once "we have the elephant on our
hands."
I have no great hope that the sug
gestions here made or any suggestions
will satisfy those who have set their
hearts on annexing the Philippines.. "A
man convinced against his will is of the
same opinion still," and some of our
fellow citizens have strongly set their
hearts on decorating our plain demo
cratic apparel with a goodly quantity
of Oriental jewelry. Therefore the
true policy of those opposed to annexa
tion on principle is to show the disad
vantages and injurious effects to this
country and those now favoring annex
ation if once convinced it is wrong and
injurious to us will, answer the ques
tion how not to do it themselves. Hav
ing destroyed the power that governed
or misgoverned the Philippines, we
may assume if we choose to give them
self-government and assist them in that
direction, or in providing some other
kind of government less objectionable
than that we have taken from them.
But thg.t we must hold the.m as colo
nies or territories and prospective
states is only suggested by the wish
fathering the thought. If in necessary
self-defense an American citizen had
killed the brutal husband of one of
those Malay ladies and taken away her
support, such as it was, he might feel,
if unusually high minded, obligated to
make some recompense or provide some
sustenance for her for a reasonable
time: but unless in need of servants or
in the habit of keeping them, would
hardly feel morally obligated to make
her his handmaiden for the rest of her
natural life, and much less to marry
the widow and make her one of his
family. It is rather a nice and deli
cate question, this mixing of races. As
a self-governed and self-governing race
we have no right to colonies or to sub
ject this people to. our domination; as
a self-governing, self-respecting race
we have no right to brin~ into our fam
ily and the sisterhood of States any
people not possessed of the qualities or
characteristics of self-government en
titling them to such a position, present
or prospective.
Remove your eyes from the Orient,
my countrymen, and by the light of ex
perience study these United States and
this people, and then I firmly believe
we can all agree that the answer to th&
question. What shall we do with the
Philippines? can never be. Annex them
as colonies, much less as prospective
states. FRANK H. SHORT.
JUDGE BELCHER
ON HIS DECISION
Editors The Call — Gentlemen: Your
paper this morning seems to impute to
me an inadequate discharge of public
duty in the casa of Lane vs. the Board
of Education, in that the injunction
was not made sufficiently broad. Of
course The Call does not wish to do me
an injustice, and of course it is an in
justice to me that the public should be
given to understand that I have not
performed my duty.
It only needs to be stated to one
familiar with the law and the practice
that a suitor in the courts can have no
more than he sues for— that the meas
ure of relief granted him cannot ex
ceed what he prays for. If it were
otherwise actions in the courts would
not be necessary, but the courts would
proceed of their own motion to do jus
tice as they saw it. We know that the.
courts have no such power. ' Their or
ders and proceedings are and must al
ways be within the lines of the plead
ings of the parties. In the school di
rectors case certain specified relief was
prayed and all of the relief prayed for
was granted.
EDWARD A. BELCHER.
San Francisco, Dec. 29, 189& •
THE SON OF T
His FATHER
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 25, IS9S.
Editor Call: Will you kindly allow
me to say only a few words through
the columns of your valuable papefr^
There seems to be a great objection tv^f
all whose names have been mentioned
as probable candidates for United
States Senator. The Times of this city
has come out for V. S. Grant of San
Diego, and uses up a column and a half
trying to frame an apology to its read
ers for so doing. It says anybody to
beat Burns, and Grant is the son of hla
father. If Grant has any brains, how
flattered he must feel over such an
apology to the people from a paper for
hoisting his name. Hut, really, I hard
ly think Grant will be considered. He
is a man of no special ability, no promi
nence (only as the son of his father);
he has never done a thine-, said a
word, or in any manner whatsoever
performed an act that entitles him to
even be considered. For God's -ake.
has the State no material in the Re
publican party for Fnitod States Sena
tor? .f. H. MOREHOUSE JR.
AROUND THE
Addis Gallagher of Portland is at the
Palace.
J. C. Steele of Trinity Center Is at the
Grand.
F. L. Orcutt of Sacramento Is at the
Palace. A
J. M. Fulweiler arrived at the Lick
yesterday.
E. D. MoCabe of Sacramento Is a guest
at the Lick.
B. F. Wright of Del Monte Is registered
at the Lick.
W. G. Drown, a miner from Angels, Is
at the Lick.
F. B. Glenn of San Jacinto Is a gue«t
at the Lick.
W. H. Matson Jr. of Fresno Is at the
Occidental.
C. K. Moore of Belmont Is a guest at
the Occidental.
"W. C. Conroy, Sheriff of Placer County,
is at the Grand.
Charles Aull, warden of Folsom Prison,
Js at the Grand.
A. T. Eagar of Virginia City Is regis
tered at the Palace.
H. F. Brown of Los Angeles arrived at
the Ocidental yesterday.
An English
# gentleman, who
*•> is traveling for
*£ pleasure and who
w Is a guest at one
<*> of the hotels In
# this city, tells nf-m
$*> some interesting i*
experiences he had when an officer in the
English army in Egypt. It was In con
nection with the fanatic bravery of the
Dervishes, who prefer to die on the field
of battle rather than fall into the hands
of the British and be cared for by their
surgeons, that the Englishman told the
following story:
$ THEY KILL
♦ THE WOUNDED
JJ DERVISH.
"There Is no kinder man In the British
army than the surgeon, and he is always
anxious to attend all wotmded men. ITo
makes no exceptions, and Is just as eagf r
to tend the wounded Dervish whenever
one is brought in, but no wounded Der
vish is ever brought In to receive his
care. It Is as much as one's life is worth
to go near a wounded Dervish. After
they have been wounded they lie on the
ground glaring about them like wild ani
mals. Approach one and out will come
his curved sword. He will feign death
until you are within reach, when he will
give you a vicious sweep, and if the_blow
reaches you it is more than probable that
you are malned for life if not killed. The
problem of dealing with the wounded
Is a difficult one. In 1855 after a bat€a
the English soldiers, commanded by thmr
officers, used to go out and kill tW
wounded Dervishes. One soldier wotjd
prod the body between the shoulders
with a bayonet. Jf there was no move
ment the party went on; if the Dervish
proved to be alive another private in
stantly blew out his brains."
Colonel S. S. Babbitt, U. S. A., -Is regls- .
tered at the Occidental.
Dr. G. W. Robinson of Los Angeles Is a
guest at the California-
Lee J. Pitner of Placervllle is among
those at the Califori. a.
J. C. Needham of Modesto, Congress
man-elect, la at the Lick.
George B. Rider, a prominent merchant
of Sacramento, is at the Grand.
C. M. Hartley, a fruit man from Vaca
ville, is a guest at the Grand.
E. McLaughlin, a well-known capitalist
of San Jose, is a guest at the Occidental.
E. F. Holmes and W. B. Mann were
among the arrivals at the Palace yester
day.
J. M. Dickson of Stockton and John
Fairweather of Reedley are at the Cali
fornia.
T. M. Schumacher, vice president of tha
Continental Fruit Express, arrived at the
Palace, last night. He was at one timo a
resident of this city, being the general
agent of the freight department of tha
Southern Pacific.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.— William Cowles
of San Francisco is at the Waldorf-As
toria. E. Z. Griffiths of Sar Francisco
is at the Windsor. Henry H. .Scott of San
Francisco is at the Girard. i.l. P. Sect of
Los Angeles Is at the Imrerial. S. M.
Rosenbaum and family of ba.n Francisco
are at the Savoy.
-•«
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.*
INTERNATIONAL EXPOSITION— S.,
City. The first French international ex
position in Paris was opened May 17, 1855.
WORDS OF A SON'S-J. H., City. This
department has not the space to repro
duce the words of songs. You can,
through any music ptore, obtain the song
you desire.
MARRIAGE AT SEA-A. S., City. It
has been legally decided that a mari-ias',
on the high sea by one not designated a3
having the power to solemnize a marriage
is not valid; but as yet there has not bean
a decision as to marriage solemnized an
the high seas by one who on land has the
legal right to solemnize a marriage.
Our famous broken candy, 3^ lb?.. In
handsome Jpnese. bskts, 50c. Townscad's.*
Soft baby cream, 15c lb. Town? nd's.»
Townsend's California glace fruits, 500
lb., in fire etched boxes or Japanese bas
kets. 627 Market St., Palace Hot! bldg.*
Special Information supplied ;!ally to
business houses and public mci by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Mr. J.— What would you su-i?est, doc
tor, for insomnia?
Dr. Pillsbury— l would sugg> »t that you
attempt to sit up with a bi * man and
give him his medicine every hour for a
few nights. — Harper's Weekly-
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothia? Syrup"
Has been used over fifty rears by millions o/j^
mothers for their children whil<- Teething witl^^
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures TVlnd Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and. ask for Mr*.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. !5c a bottle. •
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Taka advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by<
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay J2 50 per day. Apply at
4 New Montgomery street, San Francisco,THE STORM
PLAYS TRICKS
ON A PILOT
Pete Ott Carried Away
on the Para,
LAST BOAT FROM UNALASKA
ARRIVAL OF THE PEARL WITH
NEWS OF THE NINGCHOW.
Fast Round Trip of the Schooner
Beulah — Sailing of the Mail
Steamer Alameda for
Austrr-
The . Mall company's steamer City of
Para had a lively time of it reaving port
yesterday. Crossing the bar.it was blow
ing sixty miles an hour and the Para
Cot the full benefit of it. Captain J. W.
• Pete) Ott was the pilot and both the
Lady Mine ar.d Gracie 3 tried to take him
off, but failed. The Mail steamer hove
to and was rolling gunwales under while
th» pilot boats under shortened canvas
tried again and again to get close enough
in order to lower a boat, but they could
not. Finally the City of Para had to get
under way and take Pilot Ott with her.
The steamer Acapulco will be due to-day
from Central American ports and it is
thought the City of Para will speak her
somewhere in the vicinity of Point Con
ception and put Captain Ott aboard.
Should the steamers not sight each other
then the pilot will make the round trip to
Paoai
The City of Para took away a valuable
largo. Among it was 151.134 gallons of
■wine for New York and lumber, tallow
and malt for Central American ports.
The Alaska Commercial Company'
schooner Pearl arrived from L'nalaska
via Unga Island yesterday. She brought
down J47,'») in buflion and 76 tons of con
centrates and the following passengers:
W. Sipary and E. E. Coley from I'n
alaska. Martin Olsen, Peter Nelson and
wife. \V. D. Clark, R. Keating, I. Parker
and W. G. Main from I'nga. The Pearl
was the last vessel of the season to leave
Alaska and there will be no more news
from that quarter until next spring. Cap
tain HanFen reports that the Sadie and
City of Paris were in quarters and that
everybody had settled down for the win-
ter.
On November 24 the usual quiet at Un
alaska was disturbed by the arrival of the
tramp steamer Ningchow. Sbe had been,
raught in a terrific westerly gale and suf
fered considerably. The starboard quar
ter boat was carried away, another was
smashed, the whole of '.he starboard rail
ing was carried away and everything:
movable on deck was washed overboard.
So much coal was used up in bucking the
gaie that the captain of the Ningchow
had to purchase 400 tons from the Alaska
Commercial Company in order to replen
ish his bunkers. The Xinpchow was due
at -Yokohama on November 30. having
sailed from Astoria on November 12, but
it was December 13 before she reached
her destination. : -.»
The Marine Engineers' Association
elected the following: officers last Wednes
day: John E. O'Brien, president; Edward
Murphy, first vice president; J. W. R.
Flood, second vice president: H. C. Tai
brett. treasurer, and genial Frank Bragg
made such an efficient and popular finan
cial secretary and business manager last
year that he was elected by a unanimous
vote for a second term.
Captain Mitchell of the schooner Beulah
has been presented by the owner of the
vessel, James Knowland, with a new suit
of clothes as a memento of his record
trip. The Beulah left here on the 10th
inst. for Willapa, and arrived there three
days later. Her cargo was discharged, a
load of lumber was taken on and she
sailed again on the 23d inst., arriving yes
terday, after making the round trip in
side of nineteen days.
A false alarm was given out about the
British ship Caracloc last Wednesday
night. She is now out eighty-five days
from Hiogo, Japan, for Puget Sound, and
75 per cent reinsurance is being paid on
her. When a telegram arrived frdm
Seattle saying she had arrived at Port
Angeles there was great rejoicing among
the men who had taken risks on her. An
hour later their joy turned into sorrow,
however, when the news came that it was
not the Caradoc which had arrived but
the British ship Andelana, from Shang
hai, which had arrived at Port Angeles.
A new cable is being laid between the
military stations at Lime Point and tha
Presidio. The tugs Alert and Transit
towed the scow with the reels of wire
aboard to the Presidio in the morning,
and when the cable had been made fast
at that end it was run out gradually from
the fcow until the other side of the chan
nel was reached and the cable made fast.
The British sh!p Fannie Kerr is taking
in ballast at the sea wall. From here
ghe will go to Portland to load wheat for
Kio de Janeiro.
The Oceanic Company's mail steamer
Alumeda sailed for Sydney, K. S. \V.,
via Honolulu, Apia and Auckland, yester
day, with the following passengers:
Honolulu— Lorrin Andrews and wife, H. P.
Baldwin. Miss Martha Beckwith, A. W. Ben
nett, C. T. Boughman, J. B. Castle. W. Doug
las, Mrs. J. S. Fennell, W. A Gardner, wife
and chili. Miss Gardner, \V. C. Gregg, wife
and four children. J. A. S. Gordon and wife,
E. Halstead, John X. Kirk and wife, H.
Kruai, B. H. Lacks, Alva Mayne, Charles P.
Pollak. R. J. Putnam, C. S. P.ue, Miss Bertha.
Ben Taylor. T. J. Ward and wife.
Apia— Rev. D. D. Lake. »if* and child.
Auckland— John Birrell, Wilfred Taylor, H.
E. Roberts.
Sydney— R. B. Beals, R. A. Brown, R. O.
Cas»y. A. Dixson, Mrs. Hurtle Fisher, Gus
tave Heberleln, G. W. Lamb, Richard L.. Mal
colm, F. A. Peters, wife, child and nurse:
Mrs. R. Pf»ll, C. B. H. Palmer, E. Rich, Miss
G. Rutherford, Miss Seeder, William Smith. E.
C. Studhclme.
To Join a: Honolulu for Sydney— S. W. Bates,
Harold S. Gray and wife, G. O. Peter*.
Andrew Carnegie tells how
he rose from a bobbin-boy to a
jniliionaire, in, next Sunday's
Call.
Z-VIGHT LOSES A FEE,
His Wcrk in the Eureka Chinese Riot
Cases Goes for Naught.
Oeorge A. Knight, the lawyer, consid- i
ers that he has been "done" out of a fee
that he is entitled to. It was not a very
large fee, on:y a mere bagatelle of $5000,
hut he hates to lose the case. Many years
ago the citizens of Eureka, Humboldt
City, decided that the city was not large |
enough for them. and the Chinese popula- I
tion to live In at the same time. Two
l'cpular movements were started, one by
the citizens for the Chinese quarter and
the other by the Chinese to get out- of
town with their hides whole. Con
siderable of the Chinese property was de
stroyed during the agitation, and the
owners brought suit to recover $132,520
damages.
- The City Council passed an ordinance
employing S. M. Buck to defend the ac
tions and also empowering him to em
ploy a San Francisco attorney as special
counsel. Buck presented his bill to the
Council after th* case was decided and
Attorney Knight presented his demand
for $5000 as special counsel, which was not
allowed. He sued the city and- lost. Not
satisfied with defeat he appealed the case •
to the Supreme Court and again lost, the I
judgment of the lower court being af
firmed. The point upon which he lost has
been decided before that the appointment
of Judge Buck did not carry within .it
"the authority to appoint an assistant at
torney, nor could the Council delegate its
power to make such an appointment." o ° •
Civil Service Examinations.
rvire examination for the po
of ship's draughtsman ai.d assist
ant ship's draughtsman will be held In
the Postofflce building in this city on
February '7. Blanks will be furnished by
Mips Belle C. Lewald. secretary of the
board of examination. Postofftce building-.
Captain "Pete"' Ott went out on the City of Para as pilot last Wednesday, but is now an unwilling
passenger on his way to Panama. It was blowing a gale off the heads when the mail steamer went out, and
although the pilot boats Lady Mine and Gracie S made several attempts to take the pilot off they all failed and
the Para had to get under way end take Captain Ott along with her.
GOOD SCOTCH
SYMPHONY AND
BAD SCOTCH PLAY
The Best Concert of
the Season.
O'NEIL AS MEG MERRIUES
FUTILE EFFORTS IN A BELATED
DRAMATIZATION.
How "Guy Mannering." With Its
Calcium Bathed Gypsy Que«n,
Impressed an Uninitiat
ed Critic.
The value of conducting the sym
phony season on a subscription basis
was happily illustrated by the i
that attended the concert in the Or
pheum yesterday afternoon. It was a
nasty, soaking day and in the middle
of holiday week; on the ordinary pay
as-you-go plan there would not have
been two hundred persons in the house.
But the subscribers turned out In fash
ionable . mob and the afternoon was
one of the smartest of the season. It
was also one of the most artistic. In
fact the programme as a whole was
the best played of the season: and it
was a stunning programme. Men
delssohn was the smallest man in it.
and he was represented by his largest
achievement, the "Scotch" symphony.
All the rest was Wagner and Beeth
oven. The latter to be sure was in only
the overture, the good old "Leonora"
overture number three: but Scheel
played that veteran standby with such
delicate beauty and care that you ac
cepted it in any thing but- a perfunc
tory spirit. Usually the "Leonora" is
a sort of opening ceremony, an accom
paniment to the removal of overshoes,
stacking of umbrellas arid settling of
silk skirts; but this time it was a care
fully attended masterpiece, played with
unimpaired enthusiasm by a leader and
his bandsmen who, every one of them,
know the score backward.
However, It was the "Wagner pieces
that made the deepest dent in the ap
preciation of the crowd and proved the
band to be in a condition of balance and
responsiveness that it had not quite at
tained to in the earlier concerts of the
season. The brass especially was
clearer and better blent with the
strings and reeds; it blew boldly and
with fair tonal integrity, and its pianis
simo was sure and suggestive of re
pressed strength rather than of wob
A PROMINENT JURIST RESIGNS.
Judge Niles Searls Retires From tfie "Supreme. Court
Commission to Private Lite.
JUDGE NILE? SEAKLS, Commissioner of the Supreme Court, has resigned
his position, and from now on he will get all of .the enjoyment he. can out of
U nre. He -will rest and travel wherever fancy takes him. Judge Searls thinks
that after fifty years of labor In the legal profession and on the bench he has j
earned all the- rewards that are supposed to go to the industrious. His resig
nation .Is to. take effect at once. The
eminent jurist, in speaking of retiring
from a-c.tive wprk, says that he has
•reached ttie'.Beve.nty.-thinl year of his
life.; and it .Is now time for him- to
give the younger men a' chance. Judge
Searls-was born- on December 22; .1825,
in the D.utch settlement of Colymens,
Albany.. County, N..Y. ' . .
• As a young- man 'he .began to make
a study law,'- and. on May 1. IS4B, he .
graduated, from- the Fowler Law Col
lege of Cherry .-Valley,- X. T. ' The ru
dimentary lawyer Jost no time in get
ting as far We.st as Missouri, and
upon the breaking out 6f the gold ex*
citeme.nt in California he crossed the
plains, arriving. at Nevada City In 1849.
For three years' he ■ followed mining,
but he abandoned the- pick and shovel
in 1552.t.0 accept the position of • Dis
trict Attorney of Nevada County.
He held that office two years, and in
1855- he was elected -Judge -of the old
Fourteenth Judicial District, compris
ing Sierra, Nevada and Plumas coun-.
ties. At. the end- of the six years term
Judge .Searls took up his private prac
tice and, did" not- appear again- Jn a
.public office until 1577, . : . '
In that year he: was elected ' State
• ..Senator, serving two terms. In May,
ISSS. Jui3ge Searls received the appointment of Commissioner, of the Supreme
Court, and two years" later he was appointed Chief -Justice of -that tribunal by
Governor Bartlett, vice. Chief Justice Morrison, deceased. . • .
J| For two years .he held this office, and then 'retired to resume his private law
practice in >"ev&da County. It seemed as if he .was.destined-. destined-. to be connected
with the highest State court, for In 1893' Judge Searls'. was .again called to ftlr '
bis old position of Commissioner, which he has held ever sln.ce. The appointment
of his successor" -will be made by the Justices o.£ the court.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1898.
TRYING TG TAKE OFF THE PILOT.
bling timidity. The strings were well
. choired, as usual, and the reeds, bar a
sag from the pitch once of twice which
■was possibly due to the damp weather,
were free and accurate. Nobody ever
seems to think of complimenting the
percussion instruments, which are
difficult of manipulation and prodigi-!
• ously important. Hear a kettledrum
| and the rest of the hardware go off at
j the. wrong beat and you will think they
[are important. They, tod, were all all
right yesterday. The whole handworked
I in easy accord and the town had reason
| to be proud of It. . A finer performance
of the Wotan's Farewell and Fire
| Magic from "Die "Waikure" has never
r been given here. It was strong, sonor
i ous, nervously poetic and unerringly
I cumulative in its dramatic spell. The
i "Dreams," too (.from the live tone-
I poems), was beautifully done; the pia-
Imo .was never ragged and the
• whole interpretation was marked by
stnsative fiancy. ;The "Albumblatt'' I
th"uyht a bit oversweetened; but the
, "••Waldweben" from "Siegfried" Was
i given its. full measure of mazy enchant
i ment. ■
|. In the symphony, strange to say,, it
i was the slow' move-merit that was best
i played, instead of. the scherzo, which
generally brings out the superior effort.
■urse the audience recalled the
P'herzo— that is to be expected when
I the composer is so popularly known as
[a scherzo specialist; but. it was the
adagio, which to my thinking reveals
the noblest ideals of Mendelssohn, that
was the real feat, although the finale,
too, was piayed' with brilliant crash.
• • •-
Several times it has been my fortune
to meet late in .life and for the first
j time a play supposed 16 be more or less
a claspie, only to find myself too late
jto appreciate it. Just such an experi-,
ence I had in the California Theater
last night when Nance O'Neil appeared
as. the antiquated Gypsy Queen in the
antiquated play' of "Guy Mann'ering."
! Never having read the particular ro-
I mance- of Walter .Scott's, from which
l this piece is taken, and having no key
' to the plot or purpose of the dramatiza
tion, . I could make neither heads nor
tails of It and. was all at sea as to what
under the sun it might mean. Perhaps
to those familiar with the book this
stage version brings happy souvenirs;
for I observed a number of persons ap
plauding last night's performance; but
to any one who is not familiar, with the
novel and not, therefore, able to read
■between the acts, so to say,. I cannot
for the life of me .see where the fun
comes in. I have seen more plot and
dramatic action in a comic opera than
i were divulged at the. California last
i night, and much more chance for se
j rious acting than was offered Miss
O'Neil and her associate players. The
old Gypsy girl, Meg, who bathes in cal
cium and carri-es a forked stick and for
ever shouts In the incantation' voice,
was not half so impressive as is,' say, the
old miser in the "Bells of Corneville,"
and I could name you a dozen comic
operas whose subsidiary personages
are more lifelike than those in this
play. On the way o-ut I told my trou
bles to my colleague, Peter Robertson,
who was fxtremely sympathetic. He
! said that the present time was out of
i joint with "Guy Mannerjng," and that
! he didn't blame me at all for not pre
tending to enjoy it. As for himself—
well, he was a Scotchman and knew. the
story by heart and had grown used to
; the play in the old days of the Cali
i fornia Theater stock company, and he.
i thought Miss O'Neil's make-up was.
very successful. .I, too, thought it suc
cessful, if Intended to frighten women
and children; but I really couldn't see
anything in the part to make the mu
tilation worth Miss O'Neil's while. Cer
tainly it called for no acting, no elo
cutionary skill; it was merely a matter
of make-up and mugging and fake
voicing. I can now understand the
sensations of Max Beerbohm, the dra
matic critic of the Saturday Review,
who recently witnessed a dramatiza
tion of the "Three Guardsmen" with
out having first read the Dumas book
and straightway recommended the
piece to the stellar attention of the
Three Sisters Levy, vaudeville ladies
whose specialties are size and shape. I
can imagine Edwin Stevens or De Wolf
Hopper having lots of fun In this part
of Meg Merrilies, but I think Mlsa
O'Neil is wasting time on it that might
be devoted to valuable experience.
ASHTON STEVENS.
THE PURE FOODS BILL.
Promptly Indorsed by All Big Com-
xnercial and Industrial
Bodies.
TThen the legislators meet next week
in Sacramento they will have presented'
for their consideration a matter in which
the best citizens of .the State and all the
big commercial and Industrial bodies are
Interested— namely, the pure foods ques
tion. I«i?t summer when the Pure Foods
Convention met in this city its delegates
were from all parts of California. What
its members desired to accomplish was
discussed and the work of putting mat
ters in shape to be presented to the com
ing Legislature was left to the pure foods
committee of the Producers' .and Manu.
facturers Association. With the assist
ance of Attorney Duntie of the District
Attorney's office a bill has been framed
on the lines indicated by the convention.
The bill provides for the creation of a
pure foods bureau or commission, with
officers and subordinates to see that the
laws are enforced, etc. In the meantime
the same matter was taken .up By the Re
gents of the University of California,
State Horticultural Society, Dairymen's
Association and other bodies. The pure
foods committee of the manufacturers'
organization' soon saw that, the ends
would be defeated if there were too mahy
fingers in the pure foods pie, and they in
vited all of these to join irn a united and
mighty movement to the wished for end.
The invitation was accepted, and yester
day all of t.;e organizations named, and
the Council of Associated Industries, com
posed of the Manufacturers' and Produc
ers' Association, Mechanics' Institute, the
City and State Boards of Trade, Board
of Health and Miners' Association, met
in the Mills building and discussed the
proposed measure. It was indorsed by all
and arrangements will be made for having
copies of It presented to every legislator
in Sacramento. More than that, the coun
cil will send representatives to Sacramet
no to work in the interests of pure foods
and the bill.
INSOLENT BEGGARS.
Judge Conlan Is Determined to Pun-
ish Mendicants as Severely as
the La-w Will Allow.
Two professional beggars, John Mc-
Dowell and James Dunlap, appeared
before Judge Conlan yesterday for sen
tence. As Dunlap Is slowly dying from a
loathsome disease, .the Judge sentenced
him to twenty-four hours in the City
Prison, but humanely ordered that he
should be sent to the City and County
Hospital. McDowell- was sent to the
County Jail for throe months. When Mc-
Dowell heard his sentence ha remarked,
"I'll be dead before I get out," and the
Judge retorted, . "If you are dead you
can't gef out.".
"The city is overrun with beggars,"
continued the Judge, "and they not only
beg for money but use the most disgust
ing language if they are refused. Com
plaints have been made to me for some
time -about the Insolence of beggars, and
I know of one case where a well-known
.saloon-keeper on Market Btreet was
Btruck on the forehead with a pair of
brass buckles by a beggar because he de
clined to give him a quarter. I am de
termined to. punish these men, arid every
one that is brought before me will be sent
to jail."
A MISSING WELL.
Sarah L. Phillips Brings Suit in an
Endeavor to Locate It;
Sarah. L. Phillips, an- heir of the late
Sarah Thome, at one time p'ro-minent in
the histrionic -wofld, has petitioned the
probate court to compel . Annie Dixon,
James Lemon and Isaac Ffohrrian to pro
duce a holographic wiil, draw-rt by Mrs.
Thorne, in which the petitioner is "named
as sole devisee. The petitioner avers that'
the parties named are. withholding:, the
will Illegally.
A will, ■ drawn by Mrs. Thorne a few
days prior to her death, has been. filed,
but in this instrument tne petitioner was
practically disinherited. Sarah L. Phil
lips has filed a contest to this' instrument,
alleging undue influence ad ground ■ on
which the court is asked to deny the peti
tion for probate.
The Veteran Firemen.
The veteran firemen of .this city held
their fourth meeting in Justice Barry's
courtroom Wednesday night and several
names were added to the roll. Arrange
ments have been completed for the ban
quet to be held on January 7, after which
permanent officers will be elected. . Tha
objects of the association are to promote
social intercourse and aid the families of'
those in sickness or distress.
True story of the Philippine Is
lands, by Sol N. Sheridan, special cor
respondent, in next Sunday's CalL
For Violation of Charter Party.
A. Anderson and others, owner of the'
American ship Eclipse, brought a libel in
the United States District Court yester
day against .the Pacific Coast Company of
New York- City to recover $6<tt4 -balance
due on charter party.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush «cd Larkln sts. Swimming',' Russian, hot
and cold tub batnai Saltwater direct from ocean..
"EVACUATION DAY"
WILL BE OBSERVED
FLAG RAISING AND PATRIOTIC
EXERCISES ARRANGED.
The Cuban League Preparing an Ap
propriate Programme for the
Occasion — Mayor Phe
lan's Sentiments.
Mayor Pheian has ordered the stars and
stripes raised over the City Hall on
Sunday next in honor of the evacuation
of Spanish soldiery from the shores of
Cuba. This order was made at the re
quest of the Cuban League, which was
formed in this city before the beginning
of hostilities. It is probable that that or
ganization will conduct appropriate ex
ercises in this city on the same day.
A committee from the league will visit
Superintendent of Streets Ambrose this
morning and ask his permission to use
Union square for the occasion.
At the request of an Eastern paper,
Mayor Phelan expressed the following
sentiments:
The expulsion of Spain from the "Western
hemisphere by the triumph of our arms Is well
worthy of patriotic commemoration, ana I
have ordered the flag raised over our muni
cipal building on evacuation day, January L
The nomenclature of California Is reminiscent
of our romantic Castlllan antecedents. we
Cherish our landmarks and traditions, but our
principal State holiday celebrates California s
admission into the Union and the rejection or
Spanish rule, which was selfish, exclusive and
arbitrary, and the supremacy of American
laws. We join cordially with the rest of the
country in common congratulations.
■m » ■
In the Divorce Courts,
Nellie Watt was granted a divorce from
Frederick Watt yesterday on the ground
of cruelty. Lena McLean has been grant
ed a divorce from .Frederick McLean on
the ground of failure to provide. Mrs. A.
Shultz has been granted a decree of di
vorce from Henry Shultz on statutory
grounds. Decrees of divorce on the
ground of desertion have been granted
Wallace T. Wetherby from Lizzie E.
Wetherby. Orlandi B. Adaml from Mary
A. Adami. arid H. D. Pow*>r from Chris
tina Power. Rhoda McCullough has sued
Thomas McCullough, alleging failure to
provide as a cause of action. Suits for
divorce on the ground of cruelty have
been filed by Annie L. Coombs against
Frederick C. Coombs and Leona Ednck
against Frank Edrick.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SULLIVAN'S the "high - rent
stores.
Till Saturday— S3, $3.50 and
84 Shoes at $2.15. .
The Next Two Days
"WILL MARK THE CLOSING OF A.
BUSY YEAR WITH US A3
"MONEY-SAVERS IN SHOES."
The last two days we want to be record-
breakers. The holiday rush caused break j
after break In our different lines of Shoes.
ta • That we close out tne entire lines,
Iv 'we will maka prices that will as-
uiiC tonlsh you.
JIARC 20 lines of swell $3. 53 50 and
ciinc ** Imperial French Kid Shoes, in
3LKC light, medium or heavy soles, silk
vesting or French kid tops, to CO IS
close at «4>-^»«O
We've rot all sizes In any of the lots, but
we have yours In one or the other. . Sale
closes Saturday. Country orders filled.
Send for catalogue.
SULLIVAN'S,
-Savers In Shoes,
18 FOURTH STREET.
100 Feet From Market St.
■ • • • J~\. 1 • • •
DENNETT'S,
749 MARKET ST.
; GRAND OPENING
Elegant Dining=Room for Ladies
TO-DAY at 11 o'Clock A.M.
"We are now able to. offer to' all, espec-
ially to ladles, much better accommodations
than ever before. Prices reasonable; whole-
some cooking; everything neat.
Come and bring your families.
Use f^& and
Facial Soap j|£ ? Facial Cream.
Pug. Noses, Hump, Flat, Broken, Hi-Shaped
Noses made to harmonize with the other fea-
tures by Dermatologist JOHN H. WOODBURY.
127 W 42d St., New York. 163 State St., Chicago.
Send for Illustrated book. ■ '.';'-r--^'.
go o oo ooooooooooooq
b w PALACE *«i
iGRAND USWBLaq
q . •Ait F*ANCI*CO. 2
If Connected by » c rend passageway. *■
£ WOO Roams— With Beth Attached. O
0 All under On* Management. Q
6 FOTI TES P&IOBS: 0
>. European Plan. Si X>o per day acd upwaril 2
9 AiMricu PhUQ.fB.OO jar flay and upward Q
fi ' Corr«3pcn<Jenc» Salic: t»d. Q
5 »3» d. KB3?A3aiCX, **&*&». 2
100o OQOOooaoo 00000
gs&gfc-^j—p IVi EY ERS
tr&s ' *^&s&^B\ Spsclal ists r<sr Kea
\\ »W ' "2t^sSs» '^^ >• Tlies* phytic! aaa h»'»« be«o
VaS'F* y*a^ivi They ha»e the ]»r;»;t and
<S. ifriJA „ AfffjaaSSlS istltoticn, aoJ tte m<wt ci-
' A. VAs^^''J'*^T^« Uasive practice la th« LT. i
'IP xsPSw^a Xo Pa y TiU - Cttred -
;^^ V <? Untortniuta men »ho c»a-
C^TABLISHCP IT YEARS. _ -*- I 'J' *"KEE.
" ThoTuruids car*! it bom*;
Ail lett*t» eonfidtntial; >'o Charge for Consultation.
731 S^ELImSCO [E^»rE°»»^.
I DR.PIERCES 1
GOLDEN
MEDICAL. .
DISCOVERY
FOB THE
I BLOOD. LIVER. LUNGS;
IV I PTD VITA * WMm VITALITY
•IMtriVl I lost VIGOR.
jsgSS^ ■•' —AND MANHOOD
E-SpwTj Cur« Lnpcttacy Nisht Eroissiccs and wassiaj .
.£^£s^ 8 i^e«». all'eificrs'oi self^abuit, or cicesi and
incSiicretioQ. A nerve<tenic and blobibjiUcr.
h^l Brings the —AND MANHOOD
Cures Impoteocy Night Ernissiccs and wasting .
diseases, ail effects of seltabuse. or excess and
indiscretion. A nerve/teak and bJoa^buiider.
Brines the pink glow to pale cheeks and r*y
b jk^y stores (he fire of youth. By mail SOo per
Rfl^^SL bok'i 6 boxes $2.50; with a writtea
Rj^^S^ guarantee to cure or refund the rr.ccey.
•knrtta m«dic»! Co., GHnten * 3acto:n sts., ecicaj}.
\\ Ai-i-i:« BROS., S3 Grant are., San FraacUcflw \
ADVERTISEMENTS. _ "_ _^
IB 4 d 4Zh
Headacne?™!-^^
v|^yp *a*<* *" FOR BODY AND BRAIN
Since »63, Endorsed by Medical Faculty
immediate lasting efficacious agreeable
\ \ /■■^^^^^^NO KNIFE or PAIN
JJ M No p *y iJL tJI Cured
4^ ft& Ar.r.lurr.p. in a wo- I
■ ~ wmans breast is can-
- cer. and li allowed to !
gret large, r.^ver fails I
. - B|^^ t i poison the glands I
iz } tfce arm plt - i "' n '
ln - caQ cer ' In the '
W M Ml arm pit pets large a I
S *cure is Impossible.
The face and lower
lip are also very common places for cancer.
SO-PAGE BOOK sent free with addresses and \
testimonials from hundreds I have cured in .
California.' ' : .v
S. B. CHAMLEY, M. D., 23 and 25 Third st.,
nr. Market, San Francisco.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER.
. J^!9VDEWEY,STRQNS&CO.^?S L
V- JPAIENTSI 3
AMUSEMENTS. \
; MONS. ANPIVIME. ROFIX, i
World's Greatest Chin Balancer.
PILAR MORIN. ROSE F.TTINGE AND
CLEMENT BAINBRID ■
In the Roaring ■ Farce, "THAT OVERCOAT."-
j- GEORGE FULLER GOLDEN, •'Casey's
j Friend;" with' New Stories.
RILEY AND HUGHES. Blackface Artists.
! ■ JULIUS P. WITMARK, Vocalist.
; .RAPPO SISTERS. Russian Dancers.
HORACE GOLDIN.' Illusionis.t. ' •
i. THE THREE L.IJKINS, Acrobats.
MERKELL SISTERS, Equilibrists. ■
Reserved Seats, 2ic; Balcony, 10c; Opera
■ Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
Next PAPINTA AND FOUR NEW
; ACTS. ■ " , . ;
AT f A7AD sEATs-
±\l-4\J Jr\£*4 r\l\ 15«. 25c, 35«, 50c.
EVERY NIGHT^INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
HOYT'S
MIDNIGHT
BELL!—
L. R. Stockwell as the Deacon.
3Sc. * rCIV-<tl^^ 15c.
NEW YEAR MATINEE MONDAY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor and M«r.
THIS EVENING!
OUR SUCCESSFUL HOLIDAY SPECTACLE
THE YELLOW DWARF.
A Delight for Young and Old!
MATINEE. TO-MORROW AT 2 P. M.
BRING THE CHILDREN.
SPECIAL MATINEE NEW YEAR'S DAY,
Monday. January 2d, 1599.
POPULAR. PRICES 23c and sOc
. N. B. — A reserved seat for the Matinee 25c.
Our Telephone. Bush '.'.
SECURE YOUR SEATS IN ADVANCE.
MOROSCO^GRAPS
V altsr Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Maaaget
Week of Dec. 26, 1593.
Farewell Performances of
' THE MOROSCO STOCK COMPANY
IN
The White Squadron
• Next Week— Engagement Extraordinary— the
•Great
HI HENRY MINSTRELS
At the Regular Prices,
10c, 2Sc and 50c.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
—■ . jujnyi) 'w;, i Hi .■ y^i yTtgy-'iSiL
SB^^CJ^.s^^LJ^^^^ ißHßß^^Pll^* • *3^Bs>^ • j<^S waif > * ■•'
CftiuuE. - You wouldn't -thrnk-I* would givc^ipaos-Tabttlcs to a chftj
. like Charlie, woukJ*3«)u ?
• Elsie. - No, indeed. He could not swallow one, and it would be to©;
• • powerful.
Oauttt, -They are all right* for. him. *- Of courße 4xe-dor> l t-nced.oaa
very often, and I treed- to give him a quaiter-of a oneV
- afterwards half, but now he takes a whole ooe*acd they*
• ... seem to be just what he needs — once in a while, you
"•■ '■ know — not often.
' Else. And he swallows it without any'-fßss?
'. ••.'■
Cuuuft. Tfes. He don't mind- it at — but "I- cairt -shallow on^
\. ' though. I'm the oolj>- raember -«f-this fap% that doa^
take FJcans Tabulci,
! AMUSEMENTS.
/vrfryv. „_. . ♦■ _ rm LAST THBEB HIGHTS
(illllL/f nill SATURDAY MATISSE
NANCE O'NEIL,
TO-NIGHT and SATURDAY EVENING.
The great romantic drama,
GUY MANNER
Saturday • matinee INGOMAR
j Sunday night, the realistic. ...OLlVEß TWIST
EXTRA-T
THEY WILL BE HERE.
Beginning NEXT MONDAY (NEW YEAR'S)
MATINEE.
• Nine additional performances.
W. H. WEST'S BIS MINSTREL JUBILEE.
Now crowding the Columbia Theater nightly.
COLUMBIA_THEATER
LAST 4 TIMES AT THIS THEATER.
I THIS WEEK ONLY. MATINEE SATURDAY, j
: W. H. WEST'S I
Big Minstrel Jubilee.
Offering the greatest programme of tha decade.
EXTRA.
••TAKE TOUR HAT OFF."
WILLIE COLLIER
Is Coming Next MONDAY In
THE jy\f\TS F=-ROJYI MEXICO.
"THAT'S RIGHT."
SEATS NOW READY. I
CONCERTS A2ID BESCKTtf.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
Grand PRIZE MASQUERADE BALL
Under the Auspices of the
ARION BENEVOLENT SOCIETY.
NEW YEAR'S EVE, Dec. 31.
j RING OUT THE OLD!
RING IK THE NEWt j
i Admission £•) cents ,
I
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE J
: TUESDAY AND THURSDAY EVENTNG3 I
and SATURDAY MATINEE, Jan. 3. 5. 7.
RQSENTHAL!
THE WORLD' GREATEST PIANIST,
■ i Under the direction of HENRY WOLFSOHH. ;
Prices. 11. %2 and $3. Sale of Seats at
; Sherman, Clay & Co.'a.
STEINWAY PIANO USED.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
, . Winter Meeting IS3S-3?. beginning TUESDAY,
Dec. 27. to SATURDAY. Jan. 7, incluslYe.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK,
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
. . Races Start at 2:15 p. m.. Sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
, 12:30, l. 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with' trains stopping at the entrance to th.
■ Track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— leave the Track at 4:13
' and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after last race.
THO3. H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
CENTRAL PARK.
Grand Opening
Of the King of All Amusements.
The STEEPLECHASE
EVERYBODY RIDES.
S/\TURD/*Y. DEC. 31.
ADMISSION. I''--. Including Ride on Horseg. j
■i
"'^i^^fl'lf **' ? ** i 8 * non -pot »ono«B
<<V^^^^^^^^^^9 » e; nedy for Gonorrhasa,
VSSg^CUHEh^ga Gleet. Spermatorrhoea,
gray in 1 to s cUti.^63 Whites, unnatural di*-
JfSSSf GairiaiM'i Yd charges, or any inflamma-
«fi»j! not to strisiare. tion, irritation or oicerm*
•*■ J?reTeeu cac:»gion. tioa of mucous mem-
g^yHEEvAHS ChemiciiCj. Cranes. >'on-u=tringent,
MB: NOmMT], : 1— a » old b^ »r««Tl»ts,
Vf^Sk C. 3. i y*?V! Nt BCnt in Plain wrapper,
jiSlsaiiat^ J*O^vi ijy eiFrtss. prepaid, fat
'CfVB^BIaV^^V 11.-*'I 1 .-*' - or 3 bottles. «2.75.
•» 'Nyg^g^jv- ■ Circular Mat oa r*?j£j%
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver lower.
Wheat weaker and Barley firmer. . - 
Oats and Corn strong. . ' \
Hay in better demand.
Beans and Seeds unchanged. •
Cottoiene in tierces marked Up £
Lard advanced li cent. „
Potatoes weak and Onions firm. 5
Vegetables In light supply.
Butter weak and Eggs lower. ; /
Cheese unchanged i
Poultry plentiful and dull.
Game selling higher.
Orange*. Lemons and Limes negleoted.
Hogs a fraction weaker. Other Meats un-i
changed.
IMPORTS OP GROCERIES.
.—^_
Imports of staple groceries at this port dur-.
Ing the first eleven months of the year were
as follows, compared with ths same period In
1597: Of sugar, 182,773,300 pounds, valued at
$9,456,P00, against 233,324,600 pounds, at $9,420,400;
of coffee, 17.516.000 pounds, at $1.903. 1U0, against
1K.435.000 pounds, at 82,948,600; ..r rice. 41.832,000
pounds, at JBBS.OOO, against 39.281,000 pounds, at
$637 250; of tea, 7,506,000 pounds, at 11,017,770,
against 13,626,670 pounds, at $1,932,300.
MONEY AND BONDS.
GROWING FINANCIAL [MPORTANC9E
OF THE UNITED STATES.
Henry Clews' New York circular says: "The
attempt of foreißn nations to place loans her*
is especially significant. Russia's success, how
ever. In her negotiation is somewhat problem
atical, as our people have had little experience
on so Inrge a scale a* proposed in foreign gov
ernment loans; but the fact that Russia has
come to this markt-t is proof nevertheless of the
position we now occupy In the estimation of
the world. New York Is pre-eminently the Em
porium City of the Western Hemisphere, and
always will be to the United States what Lon
don is to Great Britain and Paris to France,
London and New York are now the world's
two Kieateat financial centers and security
markets. That it will not be long; I venture
tii- prediction, before the bonds and stocks of
many toreign nations, .including government
issues, will be actively dealt in at the New
Tork Stock Exchange, thereby making it a
recognized world's market.
"The United States national banks holding
ratlflf Railroad bonds, known as currency Us.
which become due January 1. 1899, and upon
which their circulation and Government de
posits are based, should at once take other se
curities for reinvestment, as the amount ma
turing 1512,513 560), of which the banks hold
laierly . will cause a heavy demand for United
States 1 Government bonds, and. with prices
now strongly advancing for the best class, the
need for action is Imperative. The present con
dition of affairs has very encouraging features.
Thi« country is the world's creditor, and the
l ars ,. balances to be paid in must be Invested
here giving strong support to the bond mar
ket Universal confidence in Increasing pros
perity is drawing vast sums from idle deposits
into active and profitable channels of trade,
which will give better employment for the
banks' funds. "The expansion of the country
will call for enormous capital in new commer
cial enterprises, quickening the exchanges and
broadening the possibilities of the banks, and,
judging from the rlcht settlement of every
nnanclal question thus far, the coming subject
of currency reform and the future of the bank
ing system will receive wise and liberal legisla
tion. ' The United States bonds now In the mar
ket are: Continued 2s ai 99®99%, at option of
Government: 4s of 1807 at 111%, yield fi M in
terest as eight and a half years' Investment; Is
of r.<25 at 12 1 *!... yield }2 50 interest as twenty
six years' Investment; us of 1904 at 112%, yield
$2 30 as five years' investment: 3* ot 190S-1S at
IQ6U yield 82 30 Interest as ten years' Invest
ment; 3s of 1908 ■ at 107.53, yield 12 50 Interest
a-« twenty years' Investment.
"The continued 2s are the least desirable, as
they yield less than average interest, and are
payable only at the Government's option Indefi
nitely at par, which holds them In a narrow
market below par. The occurrences of the year
have made at times quick and large declines in
bonds of high premium, and' the new United
states C-- Jir« most In demand at present, as
costing ti-.e least and having certainly ten
years'. poFsihly twenty years', duration.
"The recent advance in wheat and the 10-cent
higher price of corn at the present time over
the corresponding date of last year is a strong
bull argument tor the stock market. High
prices for cereals make capitalists In the West,
while low prices tor them make Populists la
■tead."
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Paciflc Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, Dec. 29, 5 p. m. .
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, mi compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfall in past twenty-four
bOUrB: Last This Last
Stations— -i Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.64 10.73 15.43
Red Bluff 0.00 . y3.8ly 3.8 l 6.0s
Sacramento 0.00 »:'...: * i*
San Francisco ........ 0.01 «•«' '4.07
Fresno 0.00 1.82 .1.89
San l.uls Obispo 0.00 1.34 1.58
I,ok Angeles O.i") •'•-* *•*»
Pan Diego 0.00 1.0» Ml
Yuma . . O.(W 1-32 0.81
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
49 minimum, 41; mean, 4.'..
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
■• ea ■ ' high pressure 0 ci •■- M
an.! the region to 1i 1 — northward. A slight
depression is central 111 Northern Washington
wn'.i apparently moving southeastward. This is
causing now In Washington ami Ore-
K oi I it extends southward along the 1 m-i
Unusually low tem
peratures prevail in I'tah. Nevada, and the
California.
Showers will probeblj occur t'-mght and
Friday morning In Northern California. It is
ble that the weather will dear Friday
«:•.! be followed by frost Friday night. .Severe
to-night In the northern por
if Southern California. Frosts aiv ex-
Frldaj nlglit. which
may ukli to Injure citrus fruit.
• . ;i-n made al San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight December 30, lV'v
Northern ■ Occasional Bhowers Fri
day, followed by fair; probably severe frost
FVi'day night; brisk northwest wiud.
Southern California -Fair Friday; cooler: se
vere frost to-night and Friday night; probably
injurious to citrus fruit in exposed pla-e--;
brisk north wind, diminishing In force.
Nevada Occasional incut snow in north por^
tion; fair In Bouth portion Friday.
Utah— Probably local sn..w Friday.
Arisona— Fair Friday; colder; Injurious fr-st?
In S'T,:;li 1 .rtioti Friday night.
Sai' Francisco and vicinity— Generally fair
Friday: brisk northwest wind.
M unt Tamalnaia Foggy; wind
northwest, ">> mil< iture, 34; maximum
temperature - W. 11. lIAMMdN,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW TORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec X Aftef an early perl 1
of hesitancy and Irregularity stocks to-day re
sumed their upward movement. In some stocks
the advance was large, while in standard
shares It wan confined to fractions. The trad
big was board and th>-re were few la^sards in
the advance. Although Lor3on was v moderate
buyer on ba!ar.'e«, there was a disposition in
the early irwding in that quarter to be \^ry
cautious after the decline here yesterday. The
tendency in the hunie market was downward.
sympathetically with the foreign prices. The
grangers and Pacifies were off fractionally,
and professional traders worked for a reaction,
but found few vulnerable spots. a-« all offer
ings were absorbed by commission house scale
orders.
Sugar was marked up on the shorts, who had
put out their lines because of the disturbing
factors In the trade situation. The recupera
tion if the market spread from one group to
another, and the rates for money, which had
advanced Slightly, gradually eased off with a
plentiful supply to a very low figure. The
grangers rallied a point or more from the low
figures, and teller! of yesterday were puchas
ers to-day of Central Pacific, which advanced
over 3 per cent, and the other Pacifies im
proved In a lesser degree. New York Air Brake
mad* an extreme rise of 9»£. The closing was
strong, at the top in most cases, and at slight
concessions from the bent in others.
The bond market showed early hesitanrv
but later rose strongly, with substantial gains
In Rome cases. Total sales. .$4,416,000.
United 'States threes advanced '«. and the
new fours > t in the bid price. The old fours
fell off H-
The total sales of stocks to-day were 724 100
shares, including: 7752 Atchlson. , 17.350 \tehl
son preferred. 81,010 Central Pat- 1 tic.- IS. COO Bur
lington. 7800 C. and B. 1., 40M L. and N., 4050
.Manhattan, 31.560 Reading preferred '10 620
Missouri Pacific. 3671 N. J. Central. 11*470
Northern Pacific, 10,620 Reading, 23,270 Rook
iKland, 0,880 Union Pacific. 17.850 St Paul :;soo
Southern Pacific. 5900 Southern preferred 5990
Texas and Pacific. 16.070 -.Union Pacific' pre
ferred, 3070 W. and L. E., 12.211 Pacer 4SIO
Paper preferred. 5476 Cotton Oil, 4820 Tobacco
37.350 Steel. K,BBO Steel preferred. 11 740 Pal
cific Mall. 3908 People's Gns. 53.'640 Sugar 7450'
Leather preferred. 4110 C. G. Western.
CLOSINa STOCKS
Atchison 18Ti|St Louis .v s F.. gu
Do prefd 57% Do prefd, 67 J
: Halt I more & Ohio. CS*i I),. I'd prefd.,.. 341
: Canada Pacific.... K5Vi St Paul H9s;
' Canada Southern.. .",6 Do prefd 16C
Cent Pac 44 St I> & dm x;\.
Ches & Ohio 2.1 Do prefd. .:.'. HA "
Chi & Alton 169% St I' m & M 174
Chi Tt & Q ....124H Bo Pacific 331;
. • hi & E 111 80S So Railway 53
,' Do prefd 1104 Do prefd.:....'.... 42%
Chi <« W 16* Texas & Pacific.... 19«
; Chi Tnd &I. 8 Unlun Pacific 12*
Do prefd 3! Do prefd 73»4
Chi & N W 142% IT P D & G." 12
Do prefd 185 Wat. ash 7'<
c'■c &St .... 43<i| Do preM 22%
Do prefd 3". , Wheel A L E...... RT4
DH & Hudson 1074 Do prefd 27>4
Del L & \v 151 ; Express Companies-
Den & Rio a JO Adams V.x 10S
I Do prefd ''>'•» American Ex.. ....143 .
a Erie (new) 14' i United States...... 52>J
Do Ist pref.l 3S*;. Wells Farg0. ..:... 130
Ft Wayne; it, .1 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor prefd...*..:.l3:<VA Cot OH ■•■■ "•"•'4
Hocking Val *.. $% Do prefd..* 88%
Illinois Cent 114' 4 Am Spirits 18%'
! Lake Krie ft W ,21 | Do prefd 87
Do prefd . 71-. Am Tobacco 142 •
; Lake Shore ..200 1 Do prefd ......13')
] l«.uis Nash t'4 & i Cons Gas 1' 194,2
i Manhattan L... 97% Com Cable Co 175 .
j Met St Ky 190$ Col F & Iron * 81%
Mich Cent ......11l ' Do prefd...: 85
; Minn & St L 38Mi 'Gen Electric....;.. 9B^i
Do Ist prefd..'.... 99 Haw Com Co 57
Mo Pacific 4;, jlntl Paper,...' 64*;
Mobile & Ohio 81% 1 Do prefd ...". 92%
Mb X & T 13% I.aclede Gas./ 52 .
' Do prefd 37^, Lead ..- 3SV*
N .1 Centra1......... 57'4 Do prefd ■..n:.\
1 N V Central 123', Pacific Mall >. 4r,'l
N V Chi & St L.."14% People* Gas 109%
Do Ist prefd .* 75 Pullman Pal 152^£-
Do I'd prefd 35 Silver Certificates. ■"■;■'.,
Nor West; :.. 18% Standard R & T... 8.
No Anier CO (i i Sugar 12",
NO Pacific... 43>j> Do prefd....- Hi',
I>o prefd 77' 4 T c & Iron 86% •
Ontario &'W. ...-..„ i»\ L" S Leather 7%-
Or i: & Xav .1 I Do prefd 72".
Or Short Line...... 41%, U S Rubber....:... 44' 4
I'.i. C Ist prefil *V- 2 Do prefd '. 11l
Do 2d prefd 62VS West Union 92%
Pittsburg 172 1 Federal Steel.' ...'. 4' 7 ,
Reading 21»; Do prefd S3
• Do Ist prefd 50% Or Nay prefd...... .71
! ROW 26 Par Coast*. 46
Do prefd :.... 66. Colo Southern -7 '.
Rook Island !H : »! Do'Js.l prefd 49--.
St Louts ft S W... :'■„> Do 2d prefd IS . ;
Do prefd- 17 • I
. . CLOSING BONDS.
V S 3b :.'. ..',.. .107^ X .1 C as :>■.;.
XX s new 4s reg 123% North Carolina 65. .1-25
Do coup •:"•'. Do 4s 104 ]
V 8 4s '. 112 No I'm- Ists 117'o
Do coup '. 114».g Do 8a 09%
Do 2ds ' 99% Do 4s 11124
D B os re» ...UK's X V C & St L 45.. 108-
Do 6s coup 113>« Nor & W 6s. 128%
District 3.6.'.s 118% Northwest eonsols.J4s
Ala class A nil Do deb El 119%
Do B .............ins |O Xav ists 113
Do c 100 O Xav 4s lW»-"j
Do Currency ....100 <> s Line 6s term. 130
Atehison 4s !>«\ it s Line :>s term. lll •
Do adj 4s 79% Pacific 6s of 85. ...103
Can So 2ds 110% Reading 4s 88
Can Pac lsts 90% IR <; W Ists 92* i
c A X P tr £*.... 95 ; st L& I M Con ss. 105
C & Ohio 5s 117% 8 L A H F Gen 65.124~;
C 11 & D 4%s 104% SI P Con 163
I) 4 R(i Ists l'>s St P c x p lsts..l2L'
D & KG 4s ....'..lU2»i DO Ba 121
East Term Ists 107' iBO Ry 5s 105' i
Erie Gen 4s 75% Standard R & 'I' 69 m
F W A D Ists tr. S5 1 - Term new Bet 35.. *.'S
Gen Elec .Js MS Tex Pac L G Ists. 110
GH&S A 6? 107 Do He 2ds 48%
Do 2ds :.103 Union Pac 4s 105
II A T C > 112 U P D & G Ists. S7 '
Do con 6s 112 Wabash Ist 5s — 113
lowa C lsts 106%- Do 2ds 94';
La new consols 45 .109% West Shore 4s ....112'i
I L * X I'm 4s 97%|Va Centuries 83 '
. Missouri 6s 100 1 Do deferred 7 ',
' M K& T 2ds 07 Wis Cent Ists 82%
Do 4s 91%, Solo Southern 45... 56%
X V Cent lsts 117% .. ;
- MIKING STOCKS. "• .
Chollar 10 Ontario .'. 5 00
Crown Point 12 Ophir 45
I Con ('a! & Va.... 1 OS Plymouth 10
, Deadwood \ 45 Quicksilver 260
! Gould & CuM-y.... 20 Do prefd 450
Hale & Norcross.. 14 Sierra Nevada 80
' H.. mistake 50 OOjStandard 2 10
i Iron Silver 70 I'nign Con 12'
Mexican 25!l'ellow .locket — 20
BOSTON BTOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Gen Elec prefd.. ..158
Call loans 263 Atehison prefU ... 51%
Time loans 3'f}4 ' Bonds — . : '
Stocks— ■ Atchison 4s 9SVi
A T & S Ft? 18%jWls Central 15.... 62 9 »
Amer Sugar -..125 Mining Shares-
Do prefd 111% Allouez Mm Co 7.i
Bay State Gas 4' 4 Atlantic '. 31%
Bell Tel 277 Boston * M0nt.7T.284U,
Boston & Albany.. 24s Biitte & Boston.. 92
Boston & Maine. .l7o Calumet & lt>rla.6;o
Boston L 82% Centennial ' 38 ' "
Chi Bur & Q......124% Franklin 31%
Kitchburg 107%|01d Dominion — 38%
Gen Electric 95>i (Isceola ir.'i
Mexican Central... 5% Qulncy 147
N V ft X Eng 99 Tamarack ...195
Old Colony 188 | Wolverine ..30-
Or Short Line 414 Parrott 35%
Rubber 44 llumboldt .",
Union Pac 42% I Union l^ind in**
West End BS% Adventure -.'.; »%
Westlngfa Elec 89 IWinona X 4 '«
Do prefd OJ
TIIK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK. Dec. 29.- Foreign bankers said
t'i-,luy that Merlin* ex( hbiiK'" raies were suf
ly low tn permit of the Importation of
gold aiid tliat it was not unlikely that some
more would ccnie in January, that Imports
really depended now on the rates for money
hern. If there was need for the *col<l here
Borne would undoubtedly come, ir will be eaHy.
the bankers said, to bring in |50, M0 t OOO .:f gold,
if any such sum were needed.
CASH IN THE TREASURY,
WASHtNOTON, Dec 29.— T0-day's statement
of the condiion or' tile Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $289,836,208; gold reserve,
(345,714,633.
THE LONI>OX MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec ».— The Commercial Ad
vert isrr's London financial cable Bays:
The markets here were more active to-day
and the tone was good. Americans alone were
uniesponsive. They opened weak and hung
under parity till New York bought the coal
ers largely, causing a spurt that made the close
at the best. There was poor business here,
however, except In Central Pacific, which I>on
don and the Continent wanted. There was In
fluential . buying; of Tintus and Anacondas.
Eleven thousand pounds in sold bars were
bought by the bank.
The market borrowed largely from the bank
t"-da.y.
The bank returns show that the market bor
rowed £3,060,000 last -week.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Deo. . 29.— Canadian Pacific., 8S;
Grand Trunk, 7'«: bar -silver, -7 i-iiid; money,
3> 2 .
Spanish 4s closed Mi- t .
Monday. January Z, will be observed as a
holiday on the London exchange.
PARIS, Dec. 29.— Spanish 4s closed at 46. 50.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCT!.
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.-FLOI*.R—
30,200. Exports, 29,4-'» barrels; steady and un
changed, but quiet owing to wheat's erratic
actions. Winter extras. %2 20!g3.
WHEAT — Receipts, 2UT.200 bushels: exports,
392. *5S bushels. Spot weak. No. 2 red, 7S\o f. ■
o. b. afloat. Options were In a highly nervous
and unsettled condtllon all day. ■ sustaining
frequent and sharp changes in the afternoon
under scalping operations. Opening- easier
with cables, they yielded further on liquidation
and short sale*. A decided recovery on big
clearances', outside buying, scarcity of shorts
and strength In corn, preceded a final collapse
attended by renewed unloading. Last prices
represented %@Hc net decline. . March, 77H®
77 r v'- closed 77'ic.
HOPS— Quiet. • " •
WOOL— Firm.
Copper and tin climbed still higher to-day,
and a marked Improvement was noted In pig
Iron. Lead, was rather neglected with signs
of wavering apparent. Taking; the. day as a
whole, sellers v.ere In .control of the market,
which .at the close showed a generally strong
front, with the Indications pointing ' to fur
ther Improvement for some .time to come. |
News of the primary points ' was very en
couraging, and cables from the. English mar
ket reflected a steady response to the better
feeling here. At the -close the metal ex
change called:
PIG -IKON— Warrants firm at $7 75 nominal.
LAKE COPPER— Firmer; 13c.
Higher, with $18 75 bid and $18 asked.
LEAD— A shade easier; *3 85 bid, J3 87%
asked.
SPELTER— Quiet: $5 15; nominal.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, s@lo points'
lower. Sales, 30,250 bags including December,
J5 46; January. $5 4,V</f> 50; March, {5 70@5 75;
April, $5 75: May. »5 80ffi5 90; July. JO 90; Sep
tember, J5 '.iVgii 03. "
SPOT COFI-'riK— Rio steady. No. 7 invoice,
«V ■: No. 7 jobbing, 7Vic. Mild, meady. Cor
dova, 7%91£c.
SUGAR— Raw, irreglar and largely nominal;'
fair refining, 3 »c; ■ centrifugal 96 test, 44 aBc;a 8 c;
molasses, 3 ic. Refined unsettled.
BUTTER— Receipts. 3212 packages; firm.
"Western creamery. Uo2lc; Elglns, 21c; factory
l^iH'n'.
EGOS— Receipts. 2500 packages; firm. " West
ern, 27c; Southern, BOSc. ' .
DRIED FRUITS. "
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.— California dried
fruits: ' .
APPLES- Steady, others firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES-Common. 7&i&Sc;
prime wire tray. B*.c; choice, .Si'icr fancy. 10c
PRUNES-trg lOUc. . ".
APRICOTS— US He; Moorpark 13??17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, ll%c; peeled, 19<jj:!lc-.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKKT.
CHICAGO, Dec. Wheat started . weak,
with sellers In a large majority. Liverpool
■bowed a substantial decline, and Berlin and
Antwerp advices were .to the. effect that Ar
gentina offerings were much freer and at lower
prices than from America. . Thin Increased the
general desire to realize and also encouraged
traders in a belief that, the recent advance had
been too fast. . May opened HijUc . lower at
"iOV»&~OMc, with a few sales, as low as 70c.
After advancing to 70% c the market' broke to
89%@70c. For an hour the market kept within
about %c. of that price, with- trading much
narrower than of late. ', Then .evidences of re
newed foreign demand, heavy cash demand"
here and heavy clearings started buying, which
carried the price back to 709* c. During the
latter part •of •, the , session there- was a good
deal of selling to clone accounts over the
holidays, and although. buying In -general was
very steady, there was enough liquidation to
give the market .'a rather weak' appearance
during the last half hour's trading. May-de
clined to 70Uc and closed at .that price. ' •
. Corn. wan fairly active and weak. The mar
ket started lower on the decline at Liverpool,
and under continued liquidation. '
In the latter part .if the session a better feel
ing developed, but toward' the close "it be
came heavy again. May closed .He lower.
Oats were rather slow, but steady. Prices.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1898.
ruled a little Lower daring the- morning, but
recovered after- noon. . May. closed unchanged. "
The market for provisions wag the strongest '
oh the floor and at times showed considerable
activity. The. .market was very strong, during
the last two hours- of. trading, the. buying de
mand being urgent. At the close May pork
was lEe higher, lard 10c higher 'arid ribs' 5c
higher. . '•' ." ■ . • ■ '
The loading futures ranged. as follow?: • . .:
.. Articles— •• \ Open. High. Low. Close.',
..Wheat No. 2— v ' -. . . '
.December.: .' -66^ • C 7% 6fi*4 66 4"
May ...-. 7014 70%. 89% 70%
July...: 68*4 ''es?* •-67T4 88%
Corn No. I'— ■ • :' . ' .' y -
December*...*. : '..37 87% 36 7 » 36"»
May ,; SB% ' :3Ss'i 3S • 38%
July ". , 3S',i 39 • 88% '".38^:
' Oats No. 2— • '.
May ....: -'28 * '. »%' "27"i 2S\i ;
July .' 'SB>4. - 26%: 26«g .26<$.'
' Mess Pork, per barrel—
.January .. '...'...:. 10 20. ,10 02' 3 10 20
.May 10 45 r 10 55 .10 40 10 52^5
:L-ard. per 100 pound**- •" '
January .....424 • 5 52% '5 42% 5 .'2«.
May :6 6S • 5-75 505 "575 ,
•Short Rfbs, per 100. pounds —
January ..- 4.40. , 4 92% 4 R.> . 490
May .." •...:... 5 13% 5 21) .. 5 12% ■ 5 20, ■
cash quotations were- a? follows:
■ Flour, steady; No. 3 spring .Wheat. 63H@66e;
No. 1' red, Sic; No. 2 Corn. S7^»c: No. 2 Oats;
27®27%c; No. : 3 white; 28^.®2»Mic; No. 2' Rye,
5<%@54%c; N.o. 1 FlaxiSeed,- $1 14; Prime Timo
tiiy Seed. $2 306 2 ; 35 ; 'Mess Pork* per, "barrel,
$S*9OJS9: "Lard, per 100 pounds, $:. 4035 50; Short
Rib Side's, loose, tH 7S@6: Dry Salted Shoulders.
"lioxed, 4»i-g4%c; .Short Clear !*ldes, boxed.. ss 05"
(<:. 15; whisky, distillers' finished goods,, per
gallon, $1 27. ■ " •'.* ' •
1 • \rticlf s-=- ' ' Receiptv. Shipments.
.Flour, barrels ■.-..-■ 88,000 49,000
'Wheat, bushels '..: 224,000 149.000
Corn bushels. 634,000 ' 108,000
'Oats,' bushels ■..:.. 493,000 . 114.
Rye bushels....- 60,000 . 4.00U
hurley, bushels ' ...100,000 : -.:,<»•>)
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter'
market was firm; creaTnerles, 14®20%c; dairies.
12%@17c.' Cheese, quiet; S'i'g'llc- Eggs,, tlrm;
■ fresh, .'i '/*."■'• :"•
— ' : ■:■;.';
. WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
• ' .Receipts. Shipments.'
'Cities— .'-..' '■■:. .'• Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 351.090 41.870
Duliifh 177.953 43,037
Milwaukee '. 36,400. ' 61.750
Chicago -..•• 224.050 ' 149.890
Toledo •■• 39,959 26.000
ftt Louis 23.000 . 26.000
Detroit .'... 15.773 5.700
Kansas City 38.500 57,500
Total? * 801,725 891,747
Tidewater—
, Boston 15.909 ' 119.711
New York 207.200 " 578.86S
, Philadelphia 89.284 ' f.0,407
j Hallimorv ' 40,439 ■ 156.000
: New Orleans " 45.363
Galveston : 76,323 35.7-47
Totals ..." 399.159 ■ 764,096
'■■ LIVERPOOL fUTtTRKS". . ' '•'
Wheat— " . Dec. Mar. May.
.Opening ..." /.....'...'.. ' 5 10** 58%
Closing 8 1«4 BIOS 5.8%
PARIS FUTURES. .. • 'ip:
Flour— ' • \•• V * Dec. Jan.-Apl.
Opening -. V......... 45 10 • 45 60
Closing -\:..- 45 15 -45 65
0^rr....:....: -.:,..,. =0^ >»
Opening 20 6.". 2120
Closing 2066 21 25
EASTERN' LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.'
CHICAGO. Dec. — While a large proportion
of the cattle sold, no lower, -other grades showed
about 10 cents decline. A' sale of fancy heavy
cattle sold at $5 SO. bin most- of the high
grades brought $5 3005 C'u. Offerings . were of
medium gradm and brought •$4 7.36 40. Texas
QQWS, >-i'u4 70; Westerns, $3 BD@5 4.0; • stackers
and fee^e.rs, unchanged; ..calves/ good grades,;
JWtC 73. ■ •• - : ■:-;. '■"-,'
There was .a. fairly active demand for hogs,
but late "were fully 7%c under yesterday.
Heavy hogs. S3 80^3 70; mixed and buWher
I lota. S3 Sofa 3 62H; light weights, $3 30^3 GO; pigs,
$2 ■•< ■■>:: ;;:,. ami calls. Jl«3 25. - -■■- .
Sheep and lambs 'were, for the most part
, unchanged: lamb*- finding purchasers at Wa
4 25 for the poorest . and . $:Vr>fi 25 for the best
flocics. Sheep. $2fci3 for undesirable qualities
to J;'.'ii4 10 for fair to prime lots: yearling sheep,
S4'<?4 35. '.Nice Western. =lambs brought V&95- 10.'
New sheep sold up' to U. • " -'."
Receipts— 10,600; hogs/ 86,000; sheep,
11,000. - . .- ■ '
: -:.--.. KANSAS CITY. . ; .
■ KANSAS CITY, Dec. 2?..— CATTLE— Receipts,
T>000:-.best steady: others weaker. . Native' steers,
$3 2Ooio 20'; Texas-: steers, 13 75^>V55; Texas
cows. SL' liVa;;; nalivi* cows and heifers, $1 7&g'
4. stOCkers ami feeders,, %'i CO® 4 45; bulls, $2 86
©s 50. • • ■ • . . '
. llOOS— Receipts. 10,000. Market weak to 5c
lower; bulk of Bales. 13 3.V&3 51. ' Heavy. $3 40.
, @3 65; t' packer?, $3 2r»ii 2 *0: mixed. ii 2r.Q3 55;
I Jlkhts, «:■; So©3 40; pigs. $3@3 20.
. SHEEP Receipts.. 2000. Market, firm. Lambs,.
I $:', 7055 25; muttons, $- 60®4 25. » -; V ...
OMAHA:
OMAHA, Dec. 29.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1700.
Steady to active ; -native beef steere, $4 80^5 30;
Western steers, $3ifr4: canners, *2(g2 75: sto<-k
ers and feeders, %1 7504 25; Calves, $4<i}6 50;
bulls ami stags. $2 50®4\.
HOGS— Receipts, 14.000; market weak. 6 cents
lower. Heavy. $3-42\i@3 471; : mixed." «3 «©3 47;
light, tli'W<i:i 00; pigs. $3'a;i 25"; bulks of Bales,
$:;-. */;( 47. ' >.■■.'.
SHEEP— 1500. Market, firm. Native
muttons, $3 5004 25; We.stern muttons. $3 4yg4;
stacker sheep, SL' 50(g3 50; lambs, I4g"' 25.
DENVER.
DENVER, Dec.. *».— CATTLE— Receipts. 200..
Market active and .strong. Beef, steers. .$3 7j"g;
4 35; cows. J3&3 75; feeders, freight paid to
river. $3 65@4.-15: Btockers, freight paid, $:' 75<§> :
4 :.0: bulls, stags, etc.. t2'3?,. • . •
HOGS— Receipts, 200; market quiet but
steady. Light packers." s3 40<& 3 4",; mixed, $3 35
@3-40; heavy. $3 26®8 35. • .'
SHEEP— Receipts, none.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. Dec. 29.— Consols, 110 11-16; sLlver.
27 5-l6d; French rentes. lOlf 85c; wheat cargoe*
off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passaK",
nominal, unchanged; English country markets,
firm; Import into I'mt-d Kingdom, wheat, 322.
v"0; imoort Into I'nited Kingdom, flour, 291,
000. ■ ■
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 29.— Wheat, firm; whent
in Paris, firm; flour. In .Paris, firm; French
country markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 3-32 d.
WHEAT— Spot, ' No. 2. red Western, steady.
Ss 4d; No. 2 red Northern spring,, Steady, . 6a
2d. Futures closed quiet; December,- 6s l%<i;
Mtfrch, r.s H)\d: May. 6s Si 4 d.
January 2 will be a .holiday on. the Grain Ex
change. The Provision F.xchanee will close
at noon on the same date-.
. PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec! &.— Exchanges, $357,-
610; balances,' $91,966. : ,,-." 5 -;
NORTHERN 'WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Dec. 29.— The local wheat market
was steady to-day, at- practically unchanged
prices. Walla .Walla Is. quoted at 59&60 c; val.
fey, 62c;. blue stem, 63c. '■ v-'i/.'..'■v-'i
/.'..'■ . WASHINGTON. 'J\ . T/^ '"'.]'■
.TACOMA, Dec. .29.— Wheat— Club-, 59^-c; blue
stem, 62«&63c. . '. ' .
Cleared— Steamer Granada, for Queenstown
or Falmouth, with 137.61S bushels of wheat.
■..-.v-.;,. -^
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, CO. day 5...:.... — J4 825 -
Sterling Exchange, sight...; — ' 4.85%'
Sterling Cables ;—; — 4 86»i •
New York Exchange, 'sight — 15'
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — • . 1714
Finn Silver, per ounce , — &9'
■Mexican Dollars — • ' 4714
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Futures fell' off, but the spot mar
ket was unchanged and dull.*
Spot Wheat-Shipping, $1 15@1 174; milling,
Jl 1001 22',«,. . •
CALL BOARD SALES. -> . '
Informal- Session — 9:15 o'clock;— May—
ft If. $1 20"-..; 16,900, Jl 10%; 2S;000. $1 20»4.
Second- Session — May— 4oo<J ctls, $1 20%; 6000
Jl 20%; 2000, $1 21). ' " "
■Regular Morning Session— May— ctls,
Jl -l&V B<K"K). »1 19» 4 : 30,000, $1 18%.
"Afternoon Session— May— COOo ctls, Jl 19% •
32.000, $1 19»;. •
BARLEY— Choice bright feed will bring the
top quotation, though the market Is not active
at- this fleure. ' . • < •
Feed, $1 27',*@1 324; Brewing, $1 Soffits per
ctl. ' -
CALL BOARD SALES. "
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — — 4000
d is. $1 21'« ; 2000, SI 21.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December— 2ooo
ctls. $1 31. ' . . .
• Afternoon Session— No sales.'
OATS— The market continues strong and sales
are at full figures. : • . • . . -
Fancy Feed. $1 30(J?l 32Vi per ctl: good to
choice, $1 254W1 27'b: common, $1 20@l 22Vi: Sur
prise, Jl 35@1 42'j; Gray. $1 2u(gl 30: Milling,
SI t7%#l 321 c per ctl; Red, SI 45@1 60; Black,
SI 60e«75. ■-.;■-• r . • . ■■;
CORN— quotations are -readily obtained,
for the market is firm with' light offerings.
'Small round yellow. $120: Eastern large yel
lo.w, SI ll" 2 'al 15: white. $1 12'.*@1 15; mixed.
SI 0714^1 10 per ct» ; California white. $1 IZKiq)
1 15.
RYE — : California, $1 17H®1 234; Eastern,
*1 15 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI. •
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, ' J4 15$rf '«; bakers
extras. S3 9004 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. S3 25 ' per 100 pounds; ■ Rye Flour, -$2 7o
per 100; Rice Flour, ,$7; -Commeal, $2 50; ex
tra'cream Commeal, $3 25: Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats,- $4 Bff; Hominy, S3 25@3 60: Buckwheat
Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat. S3 76; Farina,
$4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. *3 50; Rolled' Oats
(barrels), $5 85^6 25; In sacks, " $5 65^6 06; : Pearl
."Barley, $s:." Split Peas. $4 25;' Green- Peas, $4" 50
per .100 lbs. . ..•■'.
.'' . . HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS. ' .
I The Hay market was firmer and sales were
more readijy made. Prices were unchanged.
•Bran and Middlings continued firm.- . ■.'-;. "■■ I
. ! BRAN— SIR@IB per ton. .- • •'."%
•: MIDDLINGS— 519J222 per ton. '. '
• FEEDSTUFFS -Rolled Barley. $26 80®27 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mil!.. $31@31..56:
Jobbing, $32932 50; Cocoanut Cake.- J24®25; Cpt- !
tonseed Meal. J28(930 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50® j'
34 6Q; Cracked Corn. $24®25: :
' CALIFORNIA HAY — Wheat, $16 50@18 for!
good to choice, and S14!&16 for lower' grades; ;
no fancy coming in; Wheat and .Oat. $15@16 50;
Oat. $14® 15 50; Island Barley. $12(§-14; Alfalfa,
$11 r,0(513 50: Stock, $11012; (-lover, nominal.
. OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, L'tah. etc.)— |
Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $15 50915; Cheat,!
$12®12 75: Alfalfa. ; Oat. $13 50015; Clover, I
$11^/1"; Timothy. $11. 60913 60 per ton". .* - :
BTRAW-=35©75c per bale. - - |
•
BEANS AND SEEDS.
—^_
There is no- change in any description.
MEANS- Kayos. .SI 85®2; Small \*hi'tes! $2 15
©2 20; Large Whites! $1 SO®l 95; Pinks, $1 95$ j
2 05; Reds, $3 15@3 25; Blackeye. $3 75@4; But- I
ters, J2?-2 50: Llmas. $3 23®3 85: Pea, $2 25®2 40;
Red Kidneys, 12 4092 50 per etl.
. SEEDS— BTOwn Mustard, •54 C 0" #4 .75 per ctl-;
yellow mustard. $4 25; Flax, $2(g2 23; Canary J
Seed. 2%@2%c per lb; Alfalfa. s%®6Stc; Rape, !
2' 4 'c/2 s «c; Hemp. L'' 2 rd;:c; Timothy. .s@sVic.
-DRIED PEAS-Xiles, $1 50@'l 75; Green, $1 75
(61 t>s per ctl.: •■ ' ."
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
• Potatoes are weak. Onions are steady. Vege
tables are in light supply.'
POTATOES— 6697Sc per ctl for Early Rose;
60@70c per sack for River Burbanks; Salinas
Burbanks, $l'<jl 15; Oregon. 65c@$l; Sweet Po
tatoes, $16047185 for Merced; New Potatoes,
!©2%c per II)
ONIONS— SO@7Sc per ctl; choice Oregons
bring $1.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 6@Bc; String I
Beans, S@10o; Cabbage, 40950 c; Tomatoes, 75c9 '
$1 25 for Los Angeles; Egg Plant, 10c per lb; I
Garlic, 7@Bc per lb: Dried Okra. lac per lb; ;
Green Peppers, 4-E(6c per lb; Dried Peppers, |
10915 c; Marrowfat Squash, JB@lo per ton; Car- i
rots, 25935 c per sack.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Eastern Poultry, $6@5 50 for Hens and young
Roosters, $4 60Q5 for old Roosters, $4 for Broil
ers. S4r<j4 50 for- Fryers, $1 7502 for Geese, 13®
14c fur Turkeys.and $.".(& 50 for Ducks.
Another car of Eastern was put on, bringing
previous prices. Local Poultry was dull,
. Some descriptions of Game were higher. . .
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 16«ilSe: live
Turkeys, 12%014c for Gobblers and 12' '^14..
for Hens: Geese, per pair, $1 50® 1 75; Ducks,
$4 6006; Hens, $3 Do@4 50; young Roosters. $4®
5; old Roosters, $3 501914; Fryers', ?4®4 60; Broil
ers, $4 for large, $393 60 for small; Pigeons,
$147 1 25 per dozen for old and $1 50© 2 for
Squabs.' • • : '
GAME— Quail',- SI 25<gl 50: Mallard, $3@4 50:
Canvas.back, S4g"; Sprig. $2 6093; Teal. $1 25iJi>
1 50; Widgeon, »1 M(q\ 75; Small Duck. $1 25;
English Snipe, $2®2 50; Jack Snipe, $19125;
Gray Geese. $2 5093; White Geese. $1 25: Brant.
»l-So@l 75; Honkers, r.'q4 60; Hare. Si; -Rabbits.
SI 50 for Cottontails and Jl for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter confines weak. Eggs are also tending
downward. Cheese stands about the same.'
BI'TTKR-
Creamery- Fancy creameries, .28'fi2S I ic-; sec
onds. 26@27c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 22@Z4c; common
grades, 18021 c.
I'ickled Goods- Firkin, 17918 c; pickled' roll,
17<S18c for dairy and 19920 c for creamery
squares: creamery tub. 22@22%c.
Eastern lJu'lter- l.adle pack-ed, 16@16 1-3 C1 -3C . per
1b; Elgin. 22®L'2Hc. ' '
CHEESE Choice mild new, 12®12%c; old, 10
Sllc; Cream <'heddar, 12@12%c; 'Toung A'rner
lca. UOlSc; Eastern. lOrqiJc. • • .
EGGS-~Ranch Kggs, 35@37c per doien; tec
onds, 30®33c; store Eggs. 25® 30c; Eastern, 22%
025 c for ordinary and 28930 a for fancy.
PECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
California Limes are slow of sale at low quo
tations. Unions and < 'rang'-s are neglected.
Apples are In gmid supply and quiet. Cran
berries are almost (leaned. up. . • • .
DECIDUOUS FitriTS—
Cranberries, $7 50(gl0. per barrel for Eastern
ami $IWI DO per box for Coos Bay.' . .■.-,'
Apples, 3557'tiOc- for common, 76c@$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 2:t'iil 50 for choice. I-ady Ap
ples, $1 25<S1 75; Apples, in barrels, Js©9.
Pears— soc@sl 25. per box.' • <•_ v ,-: t n'-* V;- "
Persimmons — lo_@7sc per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Orange?, $I@2 50 per
box; 'Seedlings, 75c4j$l 50; Mandarine, (10148;
Lemon?, 75c<§T$l 50- for common and $2@3 for
good to choice; Mexican L.lmes, $3 504f4; Call
fornia Limes, ZSO6Oc per small box; Grape
Fruit, $1 Bo©3 50; Bananas, $1 Eo®2 per bunch";
Pineapples,. $34j 5 per dozen.
DKIEU FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS..
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, 6Vic for 40-50's, 4'afip
5c for 50-60's. 3 1 / 4 ( S3?ic for..6Q-70's, 2?i@3c .for.
70-SO's. 2W@2>ic for SO-90's, 2c for 90-100's and |
I%<Sl%c for 100-110's:' Silver Prunes, 2',4@5c; I
Peaches, 6@7Hc for good to. choice, 7%@Sc for !
fancy and 101?12!4c for peeled; Apricots, 10@12c !
for Royals and 12 1 ,4@13^4c for Moorpark;- Evap
orated Applen, ' 7' < i e: sun dried, 4®4 4c; j
Black Figs, sacks, 2#2'4c-: Plums, 4\iSi6c for
pitted and LOIViC for unpltted; Nectarines, '6igi
7c for prime to fancy; Pears, 6@Bc for quarters l
arid 809 c for halves. "' .?.•.-'
. •HAISI-NS— 3*ic for two-crown. 4%c for three.- !
crown, ssic for four-crown. o\i©<i\ic for Seed-. I
less Sultanas. 4Hc for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%93c
NUTS— Chestunts, Siji'l2',4c per Ib; Walnuts.
7©Be for hardshell. ?®loc for softshell; Al
monds, 7(i?Bc - for hardshell, 13igl4c for softshell.
15®16c for paper.-shell ; Peanuts, 6*l 7c for East
ern and 4!*>'g.sc for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50
4;5.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and B®9o
for lower grades: water white extracted. GV<j
•7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark,- o@sHe
per lb. '
BEESWAX— 24(g26c per !b.
PROVISIONS. .
Cottotene in tlerres has advanced. Cases re
main unchanged. Lard Is 14c higher.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 7^4c per lb for
heavy. Sc for light medium, 10c for light; 1014 c
for extra light and 12©12>4c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lOftlO'ic; California
Hams, 9 l 2 tj-'\c; Mess Bt-ef. $io per bill; extra
Mess Beef. $11; Family Beef, $12 60; extra
Prime Pork. $10-. extra clear. $1X: mess, $15 50@
16i Smoked Beef, HU<gl2e per lb.
LARD- -Tierces' quoted at S'^c per lb for com
pound and 7%07%c for pure; half barrels, pure
Sc; 10-11) tins. S' 4 c'; 5-lb tins. S|4c.
CoTTdLENE — Tierces, 6\i&H%c; packages
less tlian SOO lbs, 1-lb palls. 60 In a case. 9'iiC;
H-11, i.hllh. in a case, S%c.; 5-lb paJls. 12 In a
case, Sic; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins. 1 or 2 in a case, 7T»c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net. BHc; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7\c.
HIDES, TALLOW, "WOOL AXD HOPS.
. HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about 10 under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, S',4c: light, Sc; Cowhides,
.8c: Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, So; Calf, 8c; dry
Hides, sound, 15c; culls and- brands. 12c; dry.
Kip and Yea!, lie; dry Calf, 17c; Sheepskins,
■shearlings, 15@25c each; .short wool, 30@40c
each; medium, 60@80c: long wool, 90e@$l 10
each: Horse Hides, salt, $1.73@2 for larg* and
Tic for small; Colts, BOo; Horse Hides, dry, $1 50.
for large and 60c®Jl for small.
■TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 8%03Ka per lb;
■No. 2, 2%c: refined, 4"i ffr.c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain 1°
months', 7s9c; San Joaquln and Southern, 7
months', S@9c; Foothill ami Northern, free, 12
@14c; -Foothill and Northern, defective, 9<ijllc
Humboldt and Mendoclno, 14@15c; Nevada, 3®
lie; Eastern Oregon, 10@12c. ' >.
Fall Wools— . ' . ',' :
Humboldt and Mendocino 9(gii
Northern Mountain ..■ ... 7<g) 8
Southern 6® ~K
Plains • 1 5@ 6'
HOPS— IB9B crop. 12H-@l4c per lb for ordinary.
14 lo'-jc for good and 16@18c for choice to
fancy. ■■;.;.:;: . ' '::. •■*:■
GENERAL MERCHANDISE,
■ BAGS— Calcutta. Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 474@5c; Wool Bags, 26@28c; San
Quentin Bags, $4 85.
COAL-'Welllngton, $S per ton; New Welling
.ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50;. Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5: Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $8 50Q9 in -bulk- and $10
©10 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Cannel, $S 50 per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle. Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk
and $14 in backs. . . .
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are easier again.. No other changes.
■■ Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers,
are as follows: • • ' . •
BEEF— First quality. 6^@6*ic: second quil
lty. 6<g6^c; third quality, 4}4@sVic.
VEAL— Large. 6V»®7'sc; small, ii II 2 'ijSf per lb. j
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7Hc; Ewes. 7c. ' " .
LAMB— per lb. •
• PORK— Live Hogs. Vai\c for large. 4' / i«?4?j;o
for medium, and 3',;@sV£c for small: stock
Hogs, 2>< t <?i3c; dressed Hogs, 6@6 l ie for prime.
.RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE. .
For Thursday/December 29. "
Flour, qr sks 3,544 Pelts, bdls '. 1,673
Wheat, ctls 1.400 Hides. No ........ .866
Barley, ctls 8,935 Powder, car 1
Oats, ctls 20 Eggs, doz ......'.. 5,340 1
Butter, ctls 110 Quicksilver, flks." ■ 00
Cheese, ctls .... .162 Leather, rolls ... }<2
Potatoes, sks .... 1.473 Wine gals 07.300
Onions, Fks 490 Brandy, gala .'...33,115
Middlings, sks ..• 450 Lime, bbls ' 91
Hay, tons . Sl6 Raisins, bxs .... 50
■Wool, bales ...... 161 • ■•• •
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 3,6<>4 Oat?, ctl« .-. 2,500
Wheat, c<.ls -BSO Bran,- sk» "•....... 1,385
Potatoes, sks — 373 Hay. tons. 50
; - ' WASHINGTON. '
Flour, qr — 10, 623 i Barley, ctls ..... 1,150
Oats, ctls ........ 1.450 Wool, bales ...... 25
Wheat, ctls "..... 3,530!
THE STOCK MARKET.
.. Local securities were fairly ;<ctiye, but prices
did not fluctuate much. Giant Powder fell off
to $58 50.
Mining stocks advanced slightly under the
usual light trading:
The delinquent sale of the assessment of 10
cents per share on Occidental Consolidated
stock,- which was to have been heM December
2S, has been postponed to January 23.
The annual meeting of the Spring Valley
Water Works, has been called Tor January U.
The b'avlnuH and Loan Society has declared
a dividend of 4 per cent on term and 3 1-3 per
cent per annum. on ordinary' deposits, payable
January 3.
The London and San Francisco Bank (Lim
ited) has declared an interim dividend at the
rate of 3 per cent per annum for the half year
ended September w last, payable Xoveniln r .
1898.
The official letter from the Justice mine for
the week ending December 27 says that the
west crosscut- from the station on the 370 level
la nut 52 fe.et, with the face In porphyry and j
quartz, with bunches of good ore. In the drain
tunnel the south. drift on the boundary line o£
West Justi'-e and .lam« 3G. Blame claims was
advanced 14 feet, and. T.he fare is in leilge ma
terial carrying a streak of quartz, giving- low
assays. This completes the annual assessment
work on those claims. They are still doing the
annual' assessment work on the West Justice
extension, where a drift has been run on the
ledge ?o feet.
The Columbus Savings and Loan Society has
declared a semi-annual dividend at the rate of
4 per cent on i»rm and 3 ti-in per cent on ordi
nary deposits, payable January 3.
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Dec. 29.
. . Biii.Askl Bid. Ask
'4s quar coup. — — S F G & E... 86*4 S7\4
4s quar reg...' — — San Fran 3V 4 —
<m quar new .. — — Stockton Gas. 10'^ 13
3s quar c0up. .107 — Insurance —
I Miscellaneous Firem's Fund. 210 —
Cal-st Cab 55. 115 117 Water Stocks—
Cal-Kl 6s 1251412714 Contra Casta.'. f>o 3 i 55
C C Wat 58... 103 103^j Marin Co 50 —
j Dup-st ex c. — ifS^ Spring Valley. — 101
IKI. & P 6a. .130% — . Bank Stocks—
F & Cl Ry 65. 114 — Angio-Cal 6414 —
; Geary-st R Bs. — 102 Bank of Cal... — —
11 i' & S 5%8. — 105 Cal S I) & T..100-iilol>i
1. A LCo 65.. 99 — First Nat10n1..220 230
j Do gntd .100 — Lon P & A. . . . 133 —
' Market-st t0. .1287* — Mer Exchange— 16
Do Ist M f.s. — 115% Xcv Nat 8....176 —
I X C N G X 7s.llHi — Savings' Banks—
1 N Ry Cal 65.. 116% — Get- S&■ 1.,. .1625 —
XRy Cal 55..10S — Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Pc R R 65>.103 '— ■ Mutual .Say. — 45
XPC R R 66.102% — S F Say U. 600 —
X Cal R X 58.10.1 103 S <£.- L 50.... — 100 '
Oak Gas 55....110' i — Security S B 300 330
Dm Ry 6s 127%128% Union T C 0.1060 —
P ft Cl l'.y. 6».107'i — Street Railroads—
P.< o 6* ill' — California 110 —
I Powell-st 6-".'. . — 123 Geary 4." —
Sac El Ry 55.. — — Market -Ht .... KM —
KF& X P DS.lll 112 ! Oak S 1. & H. — —
Sierra 6s. Presidio .....'.. B>/i —
BPof Ar 65.. 11 l1 * — . Powder— • "
5 P C65{1905-6)113% — , California ....150 —
;sP c6s (1912)120 122 E Dynamite... 85 S5
S-HCls eg ss. 103 — Giant Con Co. 59 —
[SP Hr 65.... ..121 — Vlgorit 3 3 l i
8 V Water 55.119>4120 .Miscellaneous—
6 V Water 4s. — 103 At Pao Assn. 100%105%
B. V W4s(3dm).lf»l ? -s — Ger I.d Wk5..160 —
! Stktn Gas 65.: — 103 liana PI Co..'. 17% 1714
Gas & Electric— H C & S Co.. 57*4 58
Capital Gas... — — .' Hutch S P Co. 64% 65
Cent Gaslight.los .— . Mer Ex. Assn. 90 —
1 Tent L A P... 13 16 Oceanic R Co.. '•:'< 62* i
I Mutual El Cq. ll'ij 1i:..; Par A A... 1% —
1 Oakland. Gas., 52% :2»»|Par C Hor Cp.lCKi —
I F'ac Gas -Imp. S6&; — I Par Paint Co. 7 —
Pac L C 0...... — 49'il
. • Morning Session. . - 5
Board—
• 10 Alaska- Parkers' Association 105 30
200. California" Safe Deposit 10100 '
75 Giant Powder Con * 60 00 "
50 Giant Powder Con : 59 00
60 liana Plantation Company 17 62Va
190 Hutchinson K. P- Co '...• 64 75
•160 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar .' ;.7 75
200 Mutual Electric I-lght V 11 00
.50 Oakland Gas .' 52 50
100 Oceanic S SCo.:.. 62 60
Hi S F Gas & Electric. CO, cash 87 37Va
. 25 S F Gas & Electric Co *7 37&.
125 S F Gas & Electric Co ".. 87 25
.25 Spring Valley SVater, cash v.. 101 75
100 Vlgorit Powiler 323 .
Afternoon Session. •''.:
Board — ' ' ' • •".:..
75 Bank, of • California .• 257 00 ■
100 Giant Powder C0n...v..' ."..:...:.. 58 30
280 Giant Powder Con 59 00
• : Giant Powder Cor., -.b 5 " .......: 59 00
. 10 Giant Powder Con M 75
210 liana Plantation Co .'..17 >":" 2
350 Hawaiian -Commercial & Sugar 37 75
150 Hutehinson 8 V Co I..": 64 7.">
'• 6 Market Street Railway 59 50
15 Market Street Railway •%... 59 62',j
40 Market Street RaiLway DO BO
$1000 N P C R It 5. per cent bonds 102 50
SO Pacific Gas Improvement ■..*... 87 00
10 Pacific Lighting ...^..: 49 25
20 Sprint? Valley Water '..: . . . .Inl 50"
•15 S F Gas '& Klecitrlc Co ;. .' 87 00
. 200 Vißorlt • Powder .' ..... 1.. ... 300 •
Street--- . ...
15 Ala«ka Packers* Association '...105.50
• ' INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
• ■ Board — '
• 40 Spring' Valley Water ■ -.10175 '.
■ 10 Spring Valley "Water •. :ioi 87%
100 Hawaiian : ;.'SB 00
20 Giant ....■ • 60 00
Tf-T-:1 Afternoon Session. ";'■,'.'■:•;
Board — '...-.
• f> American Bank & Trust 'C 0....' 55 60
■ 2.» Alaska Packers' ' 105 60
10 Alaska -Packers' ;.iCS 37' i
HO Market Street ( . .■ ,'-. 59 7.".
6000 Contra Costa Water 5 per cent. '....103 50
$5000 Oeary St'Ry Co 5 per cent, 5" 20.... 100 00
$1000 S F &' S .1 V RyCo o per cent . . . . 11l 1)0 .
$1000 S F & » J V.fty Co 5 per cent... -.110 50
MIXING STOCK?.
Following were the sales in the San' Fran
clscu Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.'
1200 Con Cal & Va..l 15 200 Union Con ...... 31
' 300 Gould ,t furry.. S6 300 Yell.iw Jacket.. 24
600 Hale & . Norcrs. 10 200 Yellow Ja<ii^t.. 2&
2>X) Sierra Nevada.. 881 ' '
Afternoon Session.
700 Best & Belcher. 37300 Ophlr 51
300 Best & Belcher.- 36! 500 Sierra Nevada.. 90
?00 Challenge Con... 16 200 Sierra Nevada.. 89
100 Challenge Con.. 17 600 Union Con ....'.. 32
1110 fun fal & W..1 201800 Yellow Jacket.. 2fi
100 Con Cal & Va..l 151800 Yellow Jacket.. 27
60 Mexican 3H
■ Following .were the saies In the' Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: ••-■-"
Morning Session. .. ■ ■
1200 Andes ■....'....:.' 05 600 Mexican .-. 30
500 Andes , 04 ! .25 Mexican 25
800 Best & Belcher. 35 100 Occidental ....... .55
700 Con Cal &■ Va:.l 15 100 Occidental" ....I. 50
100 Confidence ■ 62 200 Occidental ...:.. 52
1100 Gould & Curry. 25 100 Occidental 53
500 Gould * Curry; 26 (60 Ophlr 60
TOO Hale & ■ Norcrs. 11 600 Savage ... 1 10
400 Hale & Norcrs. 10 500 Sierra Nevada... SS
Afternoon Session.
1000 Alta 071400 Gould & Curry"; 27
300 Andes ; . 05 ! 1600 Mexican ........ 31
£00 Andes 06 SOO Ophlr 52
20 Best& Belcher.. 30 200 Ophir ........... 51
500 Con Cal • & A"a. 1-17 .■•_■ 400 Sierra Nevada.. 89
200 Con Cal & Va-..l 15 800 Union-Con ' 33
200. Crown Point ... 171300 Utah Oil
1200 Gould & Curry. 261700 Yellow Jacket.. 26
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Dec. 29-4 p. m.
• Bid. Ask. • Bid. Ask
Alpha Con 03 04 Julia — 01
Alta 07 08 Justice ......... — 16
Andes 08 06 Kentuck 08 10
Belcher 18 19 Lady Wash.... — 05
Benton Con ... 04 10 Mexican 31 32
Best & Belclier 37 3S Occidental 52 —
Bullion , 02 03 Ophlr 51 5.1
Caledonia , 20 22 Overman 06 07
('hollar 15 16- Potosl ... : 13 if,
f'hallenge Con;. 16 17 Savage ;... io H
Confidence 65 67 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l IS. I 2ft Seg Belcher ... — 04
i ' .'i .Imperial.. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 93 95
Crown Point... 16 17 Silver Hi 11.;.... — 04
Con New York. -■ 05 Syndicate 05 10
Eureka Con ... 30 —Standard —2 30
Exchequer ..... — . 02.- Union Con 32 33
Gould & Curry. 26 2? Utah ...-. 08 10
Hale & Norcrs 10 11 Yellow Jacket.. 28 27
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to 'John
W. McDonald, .lot on SW corner of . Devisa
dero and Turk streets. S 60 by \V 125; $2365.
Hans and Christine Pet£rsen" to Mary R. Con
ant (wife of 'Frederick A.), lot on S line of
Frederick street, 325 S of Stanyan, X 25 by S
137:6; $10.
Robert. Boyd and L. G. Flanagen (by B. P.
Oliver, commissioner) to Hibernia Savings and
Loan Society, lot on W Hne of .Treat avenue,
.178:9 N of Nineteenth street, N 25 by W 122-6.
63,611; $831. . "
Mary K. and Em(l E. Bauer to "Charles Far
rip, lot on E ■ line of Alemany "street, lS3:4'i
N of Seventeenth, -N 35:1'^, E'92:6. S 35:3*;, \V
93:«; $150. ■ ':.-:: " . •
Adelia McEntire (by B. P. Oliver," commis
sioner) to Hibernia Savings and Loan Society,
lot on W line of Sanchez street. 103 N of Eigh
teenth, N 25 byW 100. 63,610; $1605. •
Mary E. Delaniore- (.wife -of "John F.. by E.
B. Pond and H. 0. Campbell, trustees) to Anna
G. Dunne. 1533' d 403. lot on XW • corner of
Twenty-fifth and Castro streets, X 89 by W
SO. trustees' deed: $8060.
Anna Q. Dunne to Sebastian B. Dunne, lot
on W line of Castro street, 49 X of Twenty
fifth. N 40 by W SO; gift. •
Estate of Cummins Duff (insane, .by .John
Duff, guardian) and City. Street Improvement
Company (by B. P. Oliver, commissioner) to
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society, lot on X
line of Seventeenth street,. 75 E of Diamond E
25 by S 75. 5G.745; $807. . .' .
Matilda S. Esse to Louis Titus, ldt on "W line
of Clara avenue, 478 Is" of Eighteenth street. X
26 by W IX6: SlO.- ■ : . '
Horatio Paul to Walker C. Graves, Undivided
eighth of following: Lot on SW corner ■of
Greenwich and Sansome streets, S 65:9 by "W
137:6; $.10. '
Catherine, William Jr. and Clara L. Ede
to William Ede Company fa corporation), lot
on XW line of Market street. 68:6«. iKE of ElUs
XE 76:11 more or less. N 167:6, W 62:6, 8 30*
E 21. S 25. W 21. 97: $10.
■' Cathe McClaln to William Keating, lot on E
line of Taylor street, -46 X of "Sacramento, V
23 by E 80: $10. ■ .■■..,
Obadlah D. Sherman to Amelia E. <wlfe) and
' Lizzie K. Sherman, lot on N line of Turk
street, 54:2 W of Taylor, \V 28:4, N 112:6, E
25, S 25. E It. » X:«: Rift. . „
Carolina Jlmena de Kahn to Samuel « . Hol
laday. lot un N corner of Fourth and Howard
streets. NE 75 by N\V 62: gift.
Catherine Kamps to Charles Cronacher. lot
on S\V corner of Jersey and (."astro streets, v
so by S 50; SR
Estate of Sarah P. Scott. Lloyd N. Scott (by
Emerson W. Scott, guardian) to Lloyd .N
Scott, unc]ivit!ed 4-27 of lot on E line of Clara
avenue, 160 S of Seventeenth street, B ."> !l by *'■
1.16: also undivided 1-3 of lot on NE line of
Morris i Parki sirnrt. 120 XIV of Bryant. XW 25
by XE SO: also property in outside counties: $!.
M. D. Levy to Augustus F. Ftodgers. com
mencing 20.10 S of Washington street and 110
E of Mason. S 26. W 0:! 1 ,,, X 26, to beginning,
quitclaim deed; $10(1.
Catherine Dpran to Theresa L. 1 >oran. lot on
S line of Pacific street, 115.H W of Mason. W
22 by X fiS:;.; Jin.
Mary B. Zack and Emijie Wehr to Txtuis and
Mary p. Medus. lot on X line of Broadway.
45:6 V\' of Jones street. U" 2^ by X 40; $10.
Jeanette \\\, Henry X. ar.d Adella V. Bunce
I to Charles S. Mann, lot on S line of Sacra-
I mento street, H4:6 X of Leavenworth, E 23 by
S 57:6: $10.
William H. Clark to Elizabetli M. Hark.
Charlotte A. Peters and Mary M. Clark. l"t
on NE line of Fourth street. 66 XW of Freelon,
XW 25 by XE 75: also lot on XW line oi
nan si,eet. Z25 XE of Fourth. XF. Jo by NW s "
also undivided \i portion Hanoho Canada de
Guadalupe Rodeo vlejo y Visltacion. and be
ginning: at SK corner of raid tract and at the
SW corner of lands formerly of Piper arid rtels
(subdivision 3. section 33, township 2 south,
range 5 west); thence X 69 ] L . degrees, W 43' 2
chains. X 52'y decrees. E 20.4 chains. S S3 de
grees. E 8H chains. S SO degrees. E ISO chains.
S 22.45 chains, to beginning, containing 62%
acres: also lot on SF. corner of Francisco street
and Montgomery avenue. F 178:2.,.. S 112:6. W
82:61,4. X\Y Ufi:4»»; also lot on XW corner of
Houston street and Montgomery avenue. W
88:4V 2 . N 106:1?;. PK 13S:1^; also property in
San Francisco County; grant.
Henry 7,. and Sarah M. Jones to Elmer F.
Brown, lot on W line of Thirty-first avenue.
23f» X of clement street, X 31:8, W 120:7%. 9
19:.?. E 120; $10.
Abbie E Corwin to George W. Corwln. lot on
E line or Thirty-fourth avenue. ICO S of I
street, S CO by E 120: gift and $10.
I. X. Ros«-krans to same, same; $10.
Edward arid Elizabeth Ewald to Albert
Meyer, lot nn E line of Eleventh avenue, 22,*
s f p street. S 75 by E 120; HO.
John Muller to Matjdalena Muella, lot on SW
corner of Crescent and Andover avenue". W
.":6 by S 75, Holli.lay Map A: Ri'V
Ann Towns .Mary A Mugge (wife of Johni
and Frederick Garnler to A. S. Baldwin, lot
on XF line ol Bos worth si'-e-t and right of way
of Southern Pacific Company; thence XW 7:VH,
NE 55:1, E 95. SW 80.30; $10.
Alameda County.
B. H. Madison to Pacific Coast DredgiiiK and
Reclamation Company, lot on NE corner of
''ami bell and Eighteenth streets. B 14' 99, N
to Encinal line. W to E line Campbell. S to
beKinn'ng-, Oakland; lot on SW corner of Camp
bell and Elghteentl; streets. W I'M). S to a
point, \'E 204.93, SK 30:13, N to beginning,
block 140 A, Oakland: $10.
J. A. sn'i Carrie J. Campbell to Ambrose N.
•Halnes. lot on W line of Myrtle street. 340 N
from center line of Twenty-fourth. N 28:2 by
W 125. being a portion of survey of Northern
Extension of Oakland. Oakland; $10.
If'inie Security Building and Loan Associa
tion to Louis A. i\ Rolle. lot on W line of
Firth street. L 27 S of Holyoke, S 24:S by W 125.
block G. Tract H. Berkeley Land and Town Im
provement Association, Berkeley: $10.
.Tohn 1). and lrba Berry to 11. B. Griffith,
lot on W liriM of Chapel street. S3O N of Ban
croft way. X JO by W 137:1 V block 6, map of
villa lots joining the University site on the s.
subject 10 dec-tl of trust for $2000. Berkeley;
T4OOO.
Henry Coubrougb to David L. Shirk, lot on
NE corner of Bristol street and McGee avenue,
E 250 by N 133, h?\\\K lots U. S and T in Range
>. Hardy Tract, aim lots 41 and 42 in Range 7,
same tract, Berkeley; $300.
A. E. Shaw and Elmhurst Land Company to
Otto Kteinmann. lets 2 and 3. Elmhurst Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $3tO.
. E-lla and Hurry F. Williams to Alfred S.
Hammersley, lots 21 to M. block C, Everett
Tract,." Brooklyn Township; grant.
Alfred S. and Eliza P. Hammersl»y to Curry
Dickerson. same; $10.
B. H. and Christine Madison to Pacific Coast
Dredging ami Reclareat ion Company, lots 1, 2,
R to n, block 761, also block 7.V.'. bounded N by
Twenly-secnnd street. S by Twentieth, E 1
Willow and W by Wood, Oakland: $10.
Adele Thorne to Joseph Folcia. lot on E line
of Center street. 225 N of B, S 25 by E 133,
being:, subdivision 6 .of In! 2, block 7&6, Watts
Tract. Map L. Oakland; $'".
William And Josephine Joerndt to Sarah M.
Thrasher, lot in S line of Virginia street.
186:0 M; Eof Curtis. W .". 0. S 135:6, B 50, N 130:6
to beginning, portion block' 1". Cutter's Addi
tion/to West Berkeley, Berkeley: $10.
.!. H. T. VVatklnson (trustee) and Henrietta
Watkinspi t.i Annie Johnson, lot on E line of
Renwick avenue, SO S of Orral street. E 120.1
by S 80, being lot 23. block A. Fanny Daven
port Tract, to correct 628 d 173, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Robert B. Hochstadter (owner) with I. W.
Coburn (contractor): architects Salfleld & Kohl
berg. All work except plumbing and painting
for a 3-story and attic frame flat building- on
lot on W line of Devisadero ■ street. S7:B N of
D'Farrell, N 2.'>. W 125, S 32:6, E iZ. S 7 :ti. E 80;
14540.
John W. Stetson fowner) with .T. T. Loren
7en fcontractOt)i architects Martens & Coffey.
All work for a T-}ttOTf frame building: with
brick foundation nn lot on S lint" of. \.'allelo
street, 142:8 \V of Fillmore, W ?>:« by S 137:6;
$3775. ' , .
B. . Ceregliino (owner) with L. Capurro
(cbntractor), architects E. Deplerre and ?\
Rljcheiti. Alterations and additions, except
plumbing and carpenter work, for building on
S\V corner of Broadway and Montgomery
street; K<n».
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
December, IS9B.
•
w«
7
v
11
Is"
1
I
t
13
17
Moon* Phases.
fK; L*« •. Quarter,
**£. December C
y£v -New Moon,
j W December 13.
•jkk'lrst Quarter,
J^Decembsr 19
U
in
J7
li.
"5"
Z3
3U
2L'
-
»
©Pull Moon.
December X.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located in the Merchants' -Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
. Navigators arp cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
f.or comparison and ' reference, ami the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
•noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the I'nited States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving- the error. If any, is published
i-n the morning papers the following day
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. U. P. N.. in charge.
SIN*. MOON AND TIDE.
I'nlfed States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to. San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the. city front" (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point'
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER SO.
Sun rises .'. .-' 7j-
Sun sets ■..'. .....'. Vw
Moon rises ...: 7:40 p - ra
■D Time | Time). ITimeJ ITimel
2. ■ Ft. . 1 Ft. I ! Ft. Ft
_j»_ H W L_WI IH-WI ' L, Wj
30 .:. 2:01 4.6 6:24f 3.11 12:131 5.11 7:»!— 0 2
31... .2:81 4.7 7:12! 3.1 12:55 4.7! 7:41 0'
1 ... .2:61 - 4.9 ■ 8:101 2.8 l:r,il ?. 6|6 | 8:M o"t
.2 ... 3:24 5.0 9:11 2.4 2:44 4.21 slw 08'
I ... 8:68 F..2 10:11 2.0 8:46 3.9 9:36 1 3
4...-. 4:34 5.4 11:11 1.5 5:04 3.6 1021 '
5 ••• 5:14 5.5^2:10 •!./> 6 :M 3 5 11 :09 J.|
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the. early morning tidee are given in the' left
hand column and the 'successive tides of the
day in the order'of occurrence as to time Tin.
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. .the third time column .the third tide
and the last or right hand column give* thl
last tide of the day. except when there are hnt
three tides, as sometimes, occur. The hetehtQ
given are additions to the soundings on the
I nited. States Coast Survey charts Acer*
when a m nus sign (— ) precedes the height
f£ d i he r», th r nun ? bf>r « lv<Pn I* -subtracted from
the depth given by the charts The plane nf
reference is the mean, of the lower low waters
STEAMERS TO' ARRIVE.
From. "
W(
Mackinaw Tacoma .; rw tn
Aloha Point .Arena .VS.."' i alt' 30
North Fork Humboldt ■ ..' . ■ Deo ™
AcapuloO.:. Panama ;." jn!^ 1 30
Ruth Coos Bay. .X'XIJw In
Corona San Diego :.V."" Deo i\
C01umbia........ Portland rw'^i
• 'has. Nelson... P-uget Sound ; ' "'in-V '•?}
Chllkat Humboldt ......... rS" 2}
Grace Dollar...'; Grays Harb0r.. ..... : ."'"" J«n ,
Wellington...... Departure Bay '" j~n 2
0r1xaba...... Newport .".... Tnn' :
Empire Coos 8ay....:..'.... '""ran" I
Queen... V Victoria & -PujcefSound .lan 2
Pomona Humboldt ; i"'' %
Samoa ....... Humboldt ..:..•....•... '" jah "
Willamette Nanalmo : ' Jan •>
Australia. Honolulu*- '.•.. " Jan' 3
Mine01a;... ...... Tacorha ....'.'.['. t.,, 1 3
Santa R05a...... San Diego " Jan' 4
Arcata.......... Coos Bay ........"'ijan' 4
Crescent City... Crescent City *.... ' *ian' I
StateCallfornla Portland "... ;. »jan "
Point Arena.... Point Ar0na..:..........;jj ft n 6
Coos 8ay., .-. :... 'Newport . : . .,.;. '; \ Ton |
Curaca0......... Mexico .............[Jan.. 7
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Stfamer.
1 Destination.
Sails.
Weeott .... Yaqulna Bay. Pec 30/ oam P er 13
Arcata Coos 8ay...... Dec. 30, 10 am|P er 13
Aloha "I Point Arena.. j Dec! 30. fpmP er 2
Pomona ... HumboHt Dec! §»• j^rr. Per 11
Coos Bay... 'Newport. Dec. 31. »am i- ! Pr ix
Pt. Arena.. I Point Arena.. Dec. 31 » pm,l^ er 2
Umatilla .. Vie &P t Sd. .lan. 1. »amr er 9
Chilkal ....jHumboldt Jan. .1.• am £{« 13
Corona San Diego Jan. 2. 11 am Per U
Columbia .. Portland...^-. Jan. 3, 10 am Pier 34
Plcnai Grays Harbor Jan. 3. 4 pm ■■•■_"•
Orizaba ..i.Vewport Jan. 4, 9am Pier 11
». Nelson.. jPußet Sound.. Jan. 6. ...-- u | -" > JJ
l^t^i|anp^o....:|jan: |. It ag[gg g
TIMK BALL.
Branch Hv.lrographic Office. V. S. X Mer
"hantJ 1 " Exchange, San Francisco, ( .aU De-
The n t!me ■hall 1> on the tower of the new Ferry
o'-clock p. m. Greenwich mean
Li°utrnant. T.'s'x.. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
. Thursday. December 29.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Santa
"tmr West port. Peterson, 50 hours from New-
P< Stmr Excelsior, Downing, 9 days from Hun
ters Bay. via Seattle 4 day?. _„..„„.
Schr Beulah, Mitchell. 6 days from W illapa
" Schr Nettle Low. Low, 5 hours from Point
Schr Eliza Miller, Christiansen. 22 days from
Washington Island, via Hilo a .lays.
Schr Pearl, H.insen. 17 days from I nga.
Schr Glen. Nelson. ."•'? days from Cong Tiny.
Schr Ruby A' Cousins, Knudsen. •• 1 2 day*
from Coos Bay.
Schr Sadie, Smith. ssi5 s i days from Impqua.
CLEARED.
Thursday, December 29.
Schr Frances Alice. Walstedt, Unga; McCal
lam Fishing and Trading Co. Queen,.
Fr bark Jeanne d'Arc, Dienlangard, Queens
•fs O tijr E S^jE*den Yon Oter^ndorp. Sydney,
via Houolulu; .1 D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Haw bark Santiago, Engalls, Hilo, J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, December 29.
Stmr Geo Loomis. Babger, Ventura.
Stmr Fulton, Levinson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Westport, Peterson. Sydney, via
slmr AlamrfiVon Oterendorp. Sydney.' vis
Honolulu. _ ,
Stmr Samoa. .Tahnsen, Eureka.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego
Stmr State of California. Parsons, Astoria.
Stmr Cleone. Miller. Crescent City.
Haw bark Santiago, Engalls, Hilo.
Bktn Arago, Perry.
Schr Viking. Peterson. Coos Bay.
Schr Parkersburg, Jorgen.sen, Coqullle Rive*.
Schr Antelope. Anderson, coquille RU er.
Schr Bender Bros. Wetzel. Bo wens Landing.
Behr Fortuna. Rosich. Eureka. nnn ,, mm
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, CoqulH.
RSR Sc hr Repeat, Olsen, Port Blakelex.
Schr Archie and Fontie. Johannsen. Stewart.
Point. _. , .  tt---
Schr Frances Alice. Walßtedt, Unga.
CHARTERS.
The I F Chlpman loads sugar at Honolulu fop
New York; Uncle John, redwood at Eureka for
HTheIUJ%H The lU J% Leeds loads md»e for Central
* The C City of Florence loads salmon at. Brit
ish Columbia for England.
SPOKEN.
Nov 19 46 S, 62 W— ship City of Madras,
from Penartn for San Diego. Dec 1, 22 N. 24
W— Br bark Powys Castle, from Cardiff for
Es<juiinalt.
THUP:GKAPHrC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 29. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 16 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Dec 27— Sffnr
Grace Dollar, hence .Dec 24. Dec 2S— Schr Jen
nie The'lin. hence — .
PORT ANGELES— In port Dec 29— Ship Occi
dental, from Honolulu: ship J R Brown, from
Chemalnus. for Sydney.
Cleared Dec 29— Ship Lucile, for San Fran
cisco
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Dec 2S— Schr Sai
lor Boy, for Everett: Br ship Riverside, for
tiueenstown. _
EVERETT— Arrived Dec Schr Sailor Boy,
hence Dec 17.
POINT LO BOS— Passed Dec 29, s a m— Aus
stmr Slam, from Port Los Angeles for Na
naimo.
PORT L.OS ANGELES— SaiIed Dec 29— Stmr
Alcazar, for — — . .
POINT ARENA— Sailed Dec 29— Stmr White?
boro. for Port Los Angeles.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Dec 29— Stmr Columbia, for
San Francisco. -_-_«.
(T.AF^LAM. BAY— In port Dec 29— Fr bark
Colbert, from Tacoma. for Queenstown: schr
R W Bartlett, from Tacoma. for San Pedro:
ship Hecla. from Vancouver, for Sydney: Haw
ship Star of Russia, from Tacoma, for Hono
lulu. " ■"""'
EUREKA— Arrived Dec . 29— Stmr Chilkat.
hence Deo 27.
Sailed Dec 29— Stmr North Fork, for San
Francisco. '
VENTURA— Arrived Dec 29— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hence Dec 28.
Sailed Dec 29— Stmr Geo Loomis, for San
Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
DEPARTURE BAT— Arrived Dec 2?— Ship W
H Mary, hence Dec IS.
JTOKOHAMA— Arrived Deo 24— Br stmr Mon
mouthshire, from Oregon.
SHANGHAI— Arrived Dec 2?— Schr E X
Wood, from Tacoma.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
SMnaeiffl B. s. Australia
inHfCIL !=ills for Honolulu
it *""w Wednesday, January
■ I"", — -^ 11. 1899. at 2 p. m.
GWCUTN The «» ilK " vla MARl-
frtffidinS^D^ POSA palls <l ' la Hono-
C^li'^i't;,, lulu and Auckland for
(Olilßdßa* Sydney Wp^npsday,
«-»"^ gIW » Jan. 25, at 10 p. m.
Line to COOLGARIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN; South Africa.
J..D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
lfc^ Steamers leave Broadway
mlA^ ' wharf, Kan Francisco:
IJBjSl^gl!—- For A'.a.=kan ports, 1" a, m..
' ■fIJWBWa Jan. 1. change at Seattle.
i ISa'aSi Tall For Victoria,^Vancouver (B.
BSM^IbSbI ''■'• ■ Port Townsend, Seattle.
p"»^g^q I Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash).
"^« 10 a. m.. Jan. 1. and every
fifth day thereafter, change at Seattle to this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.,
at Tacoma to N. P. Ry., at Vancouver to C.
P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., Dec.
30. Jan. 4 ; and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) an i
Newport, 9 a. m., Dec. 31, Jan. 4, and every
fourth day thereafter. . ...
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Hir-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Baarbara, Fort
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., Dec. 29, Jan. 2, and every fourth day there-
after.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
.Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (M<"x). 1Q a. m.. Jan. 12.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing datsa
and hours of sailing.
TICKKT OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
I THE 0. R. &N. GO. -
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CAQC -* 12 First <-lass Including Berths
IHIIL SB Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails Jan. 3. 13. 23. Feb. 2.
State of California sails Jan. 8. IS. 28. Feb. 7.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
•;-"■-*=.*-' '.->; . ■ 630 Market street.
GOODALL; PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent*.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantique.
(French Line)
DIRECT. LINE to HAVKE-PARIS -^^
"(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <*jtTk
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42. North ■dSMMNkk
River, foot of Morton street.
LA NORMANDIE Dec SI
; LA GASCOGNE Jan. 7
LA CHAMPAGNE Jan. 14
LA BRETAGNE Jan. 21
LA NORMANDIE J an . 28
First-class to Havre, $55 and upward. 5 per
cent i reduction oil round trip. Second-ciass to '
Havre. $4."i. 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. X Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FL'GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5
• Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. .
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.~
Steamer "Monticello."
Hon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat..
9:45 a. m.. 8:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex.Th.ira")!
Fridays ..j p . m. and 8:30 _ m
Sundays 10.30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pier 2.
Telephone Main 1508.
InQrtt&icivWHAT-ER LOU
SOMEWHAT OF
A RACE HORSE
Scored Brackets the
First Time Out.
FAVORITES LOSE AT OAKLAND
ROSINANTE FIT FOR RECORD
BREAKING PURPOSES.
Dunois Made His Initial Appearance,
Winning Handily — Stromo Left
the Maiden Class — High
land Ball Won Out.
The nddly named What-er Lou made
iw to a California race-g.nng crowd
erday, and his debut
wa« a most finished effort, in the milo
purse run )•< was Introduced to such
company as Elecr«ation a Uorinel, M;iy W
and Rosqnnonde. Opening ;u even money
the rinp stretched it out to 3 to 1 at one
time, and h< actually cloyed second In
drman.i to May W. With ' Skeots" Martin
on his back the winner mad-? a frolic i f
It. and while not "pushing on- the bit."
won well within hlniself in i:4!' : 4 . May
W v,-ns unplaced, EtecreaJtlon iihishinc: sec
ond, in front of Morinel. The winner was
••ported to have covered a' trial, mile in
1:40, and the rinn was out of line when
st< d" the odds.
A 1!| i er of rain laid the dti«t
the first event had been run. the
downpour, however, not being heavy
enough to make the going slow. To Du
nois fell the honor of being the only first
choice to score .lurinp the afternoon.
Ten two-year-olds lined up in the open- {
ing five furlong scramble. Fergus-.. made '
one of his razzle-dazzle starts, and Btro- I
mo, a's to 1 chance, away in front, was j
never headed. Wing, from the stable .of I
Torn Ryan, made a strong bid at the fin- j
ish, being beaten but a short head. Royal
Fan, the favorite, was never heard of.
Tom Ryan untied Dunois for the first
time In the seven furlong selling affair,
and starting a 6 to 5 favorite was in front \
most of the trip. At the wire two lengths
separated him from Soscol, with Hohen
zollern a bang-up third. Sly ran a very
cheap race.
The result of the mile and a sixteenth
selling run came in the nature of a sur
prise to a large portion of the betting
fraternity." Cromwell, having "Skeets"
Martin in the saddle, carried most of the
swell commit at the short price of 3 i
to 2. Trainer Coffey informed his friends
that Rosinante was keyed to concert
pitch, and they got aboard. When Thorpe
made his move with the latter. • in the
pail home she assumed the lead, and won
galloping. Cromwell tired badly the .last •
few yards, losing the place to Hardly.
Barney Bchrleber's toy racer, Genua,
was installed favorite for the five-furlong
spin for two-year-olds, fifth on the card. •
She had considerable early speed, but
failed to last out. The Hying Magdalenas.
second choice, won all the way. Clarando
finished gamely, taking the place from
Almoner. '■
Henry Shields, who can win stakes < but |
not purse events, had the mount '. on
Mainstay in. the sprint over the Futurity f
course, which concluded the day's sport. i
The big chestnut had a strong call in"!
the betting, but couldn't land. Don't :
Bklp Me. away in front, led to within, a i
few yards of the stand, where Piggott got I
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, 'rhursday, Dec. 29, 1898. — Twenty
seventh day of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather rainy;
track fast.
J. A. MURPHT, Presiding Judge. JAMES B. FERGUSON, Starter.
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $300.
■
Weight. St.
%m.
«m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Index. Horse.
807 Stromo 104] 1
... Wing .i 106 8 .
361 Master Buck W 5
422 Gilt Edge M 6
... C&mpuß 106 3
2f5 Royal Fan 98] 7
(353) Don't Tell 103 9
... Wheat King 106 2
311 Letter 108 i 4
... Juva ....106|10
907 Stromo 10411 ... = 1 114 1 3 13 lh IThorpe 3 '5
Wine 106. 8 ... 3 1 2 4 4 4 2 1 H.Martin 10 8
361 Master Buck M 6 " ... 4 2 4 2 2 4 3 3 Devin .10 20
422 Gilt Edge Ml ... .51 B2 .3 4 42 Gray 15 23
Campus 106 3 - ... 224 32 53 52 Rutter 3 5
SKR,::::::::::^; ... -. II 6 1 6 4 6 5 .McNMchols ... t 6-2
[353) Don't Tell I^3, H ... 94 SI 73 71 Hal 8r0wn.... 8 15
» Wheat King. 106 I ■■ ... .'U ■ "„■ 'U 88 1. Powell 20 60
Ml belter ... .I'>S ; 4 ... 6 4 *2 8 4 9 4 N.Turner S 12
?.. Juva 10410 ... -S2 7.1 9 1 10 Mounce ....... 50 30
t : ';'.'.'
1 14
3 1
i 4 2
.6 1
2 24
7 h
9 4
10 -
• 64
. 5 2
1 3
5 2*
f, 2
3 2
• 6 1
8 1
in
9 2
7. 1
1 3
.4 4
2 4
I*
6 3
■-S 4 -
10'
8 4
9 1
1 h lThorpe
2 1 H. Martin
3 3 Devin
4 2 Gray
5 2 Rutter
6 5 McNlrhols ...
7 1 (Hal' 8r0wn....
8 8 il. Powell
9Vi X. Turner
10 ! Mounce ...
•f[ n . % .-3714; %. 1:02. Winner, Hums &. Waterhouse's b. g. by imp. Strom-
boll-GuiltleßS. Bail it-ft. Won Arpt three driving.
• mo beat the g&ie. Wing would have won if away on equal terms With the winner.
Campus was away well, but wanted to mn out. He was a hut tip. McNlchols gave a
grotesque exhibition on the favorite. :
Af>A SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
Index Horse. Age. Weight.
Bt
I USi. •'."
Hm.
%m. Btr.
Jockeys.
H. Martin
Dunois 4 103 1 1 ,4 JH 11 14 12; H.Martin 6-6 6-5
«a R0O i 3 108 4 5 4 ° 6 5! . 4 2 ■ 2ns • Turner 8 9
Mr) HohenzolierWi .113 2 3 1 li 21. 2 4 3 3 n.utter 3 4
426 Sly 4 . ...107 6 Mi 3 1 3 1 < 314 43. Thorpe... 2 18-8
324 Alicia^':::::: . ...109 3 6 6 2 .4VS- 6! ;56 Plggott 8 15
Mil) Howard, a.- 104 I 4 h ' «_* ■ 6 6 t Powell 10 25
Time— 4 is- yB,y 8 , -36%: %. 1:01% : 1:27. Winner,- T. H. Ryan's b. h. by imp. Florist-
lieckv B - Good start. Won handily. Second and third driving.
Dunols held his company safe. Turner, astride BobcoL, rode a nicely timed race. It is
Just probable the stable didn't fancy the chances of Sly. She is capable of a strong«r
' '"scratched— Kamsin 104. Greyhurst 104. Mamie G 104. '-• '
1
4
.'
i
1 '4 2H
5 H ° 6
3 1 li °
2U 3 1
6 62
4h 4 M
1 1
6 2 0
2 1 ;
3 1 ;
4 %
6
l 4
4 2
2U
3 I>4
5 I
_6 '
1 2:
■ 2ns •
3 3
43 .
.•T 1
- t
•
Turner
Rutter
; 6-6 6-5
6 9
3 4
2 18-5
8 15
10 25
Thorpe
Piwtt
Powell
<q« THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward;
4oOi purse. «400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.'
Sid.
Urn. him.
\m.
Str.
Fin.
SlO Roslnante 4 104 1 42 4h 3h 41 21 13 Thorpe ...:.... 8-5 6-2
(lilt Hardly 8 • • 98 4 lh 31 4h 3H 4^4 2h XV. rf.' Martin 10 15
■"8 CrJmwell 6 ...103 ! 2 3 2 .!« 2 1 2hi 3'i. 3H H.Martin 7-5 3-2
414 Townast 4 114 6 5 1 « 6 6 6* 4 1 McXlchols... 10 25
<14 Topmast. 4 » 103 8 2h In lh lh lh 66 N.Turner 4 9-2
420 Our CltmateT'e .....105 6J_ 5% 5 3 6m « 6 Rutter 10 20
' Tlm7- 1-16 On- 5-18 31: 9-16. :66: 18-18, 1:21%; mile. 1:40%; 1 l-16ra., 1:47. Winner, J.
Coffey™ en" m. by imp. Charaxus-Ethle. Good start. Won easily. Second and third, drlv -
lng Vtnßinante won easily when asked. Hardly swerved the last part, but ran a smashing
(rood race Drfiheppard still had "railway legs." He will do better next tlm«. Topmast
"__^^^l!gw_crrii *><•
iThnrpe I 8-6
!W. H. Martini 10
H. Martin 7-5
McNUhols ... 10
N. Turner 4
Rutter 10
f-2
15
3-2
25
9-2
20
A *>£* FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
400, " ,
Str.
Jockeys.
Index Horse. Age. Weight.
What or Lou 4 103 5 5 31 1112 11 H. Martin.... 1 6-8
4- : ReSeaUon 3 * 94' 8 4h *- 3 1 2 % i 2V4 ! Woods 3 16 " B
414 Morlnel 2' MM 3h i 6 .0 »2 Garrigan < it
418 May W 4 100 1 2 24 11 21 Sh 46 i Roach 2 2
' Tln-f— xl ~^- \l -49' -»; 1:14: mile. l:« 01- Winner, John McCafterey's b. h. by Whlu-
Alma LarA'-'^hood itart Won easily. Second an.l third driving.
The wTnn-r S^.titehoneT May W was all out. when the stretch was reached. Mori-
nel went the overland route. __________ =;^
H. Martin....
Woods
Garrigan
1 6-2
3 16-f,
« It
i 2
8 10
; Roach
I Devln
_Vo«_T FIFTH RACE— FIv« furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse. *300.
«-)i MA»diilena« qt i * 1 1 ,4 11 I 2 11 Devln : 2 6-2
,!?-. rinfando IMS ' • «i 4 2 4 4 2 ns • Turner ........ 6 7
!smi Almoner "ill! 5 ' ••• ;ii 34 2h 31 Piggott 6-2 6
%£] Correct 103 « '6 6 B^ 41 H - M"""""" 6 *
(3M) f£nu» 1M l ■ .33 2 1 3 4 6 1 J. Ward...... 3 2
cm) Sag? jifgi.:::::: ) ::: m »4 I c w.h. Manm M M
Time— M :12^:"%. :36; % 1:01*1. Winner. H. F. Edwards & Co.'s eh. f. by Emperor
/ inrCXrir Fsplr'lto Santo Good start " Won all* out. Second and third driving.
° f SledmSJSl when .he runs kindly. Clarando made his ujmal bobble
around the far turn. Correct was away poorly. Jingle Jingle ran without bells.
Scratched— Anchored 103. '. - ■
H.
!
Devln
Turner
Piggott
H. Martin....
J. Ward !
. H.
2
6
5-2
6
3
10
6-2
T
6
I
t
16
To"o SIXTH Futurity course (170 feet less than six furlongs); selling; thrte-
4OO» year-olds and upward; purse. $400. -. ■-■ _
Index Horse. Age. Weight. ,
him.
«m.
Km.
Str.
Jockeys.
it vSiiuv « B H 2h 31. 3 6 H. Shields..:. 7-5 fl-5
slSfei I ll'.-;. r If- toi§33
SJ g!* t /Tai"i « "• f. U (4 ?J. &"::;::: lOu 200
3:2 I*Z!J£FkZ::: &I m '••'■ if- L_L_«_j Kern- ™ «*>
Time -Mi -it- Vi -46Vi - «K. 1 :• short \.VM\i. Winner.' Sunset Stables' b. to. by Imp.
invfrnfMSlow Dince S Wiifllnß start. Won first three driving. :"..,, .i..
Pteaotf Jolt no ffround with the winner. Don't Skip Me was supposed^ be the "goods."
Mounwta a rider and™ Don't Know had no chance. Mainstay should have been closer
UP "Scratched-Fonnella'lo4. Don Luis 104. The Last 101." Rlcardo 109. Sweet William 112,
Grandezla 109.
rtin....
elds....
■ ? '4-
d
7-5
4
.f>
100
20
100
7-2
7-2
e-5
8
100
200
40
500
up with Highland Ball, getting the ver
dict by a head. The favorite took the
show.
Track Nrtes.
James Garland, the well known trainer, is
seriously 111 at his home in Oakland with
pneumonia.
Highland Ball, winner of the last race, was
b osted J3OO over his entered selling price by
U A. Ix>fk. The stable retained the colt.
I'li.uloy Thorpe and "Skeets" Martin divided
the saddle honors, each piloting two winners.
"Hketis" was also second on two occasions.
Campus, owntd by H. J. Jones, father of the
rider, was one of the many good things un
corked In the opening scramble. The colt ran
flatteringly to the stretch and then flatteced
out.
Dave Fountain, the Idaho horseman, owner
of Juva,, I Don't Know and others, will have
to put up a competent rider if he expects to
win races in this section of the country.
Mounce had- the leg up on Juva in the first
event and sat astride I Don't Know in .the last
field, anil In each instance the clock was strik- ;
ing twelve when Mounce and his mount started
for the wire. • ■ :
"Vlcksburß" * Woods, formerly betting com- i
missioner for the firm of .Burns & Waterhouse, i
is now In- the ■custody of the Emeryville police
authorities. Woods, it is alleged, has lately j
made it a custom of betting "'markers" on |
different horses and obtaining money, claiming
to be acting, as the agent of Thomas H. Will
lam* Jr. "ViclcsbUrg" has many friends about
the track, and' it is to be hoped he can prove
the charges to be groundless ones.
To-Day i Entries. *
First Futurity course; three-year-olds
and upward; selling:.
87 Avert ne, 1051 427 Glen Anne 106
. 427 Meadowlark ■....105! ... Opponent 105
404 Scintillate ...."..105 1 ... Peru II 10S
427 Cavallo 105 425 Prince Tyrant... lDS
•C. 1. .sette 105 427 Fly 105
395 Ygnacio 105 ... Miss Alice 105
Second Race— Futurity course; three-year-olds
and upward; selling.
421 Aluminum 1031 427 Colonial Dame. .los
■ 97 Barney ShrelberlOS 35G Majesty 105
...The Last 105 427 Cardwell 10S
.320 Spry Lark 106 379 Gratify 105
423 Tenrica 1051 395 Defiant 105
390 Byron Cross 1051 ... Bessie Lee 105
SIS Dolly I) 108 1 315 McPryor 105
427 Cappy 1051
Third Race— Five furlongs; Belling; two-year
olds.
422 Tiburon '. 10 ! 429 La Parasseuse..lO3
(415)G00d Hope 103 333 Malay 106
415 Ann Pajce 10: v M37)MaK<JalenaK ....103
... The Minister 107i(422)Rey Hooke* 109
42S Dunpralse 1041 ...Gin Sling 101
... El Estro 107 ... Fortis 98
361 Elizabeth R 981
Fourth Race — One mile; three-year-olds and
upward; selling. V^JSM(*Bfl
408 San Venado.»...lo9| 304 Frohman 94
. 427 Rosemald 941 (423)Flrst Call 103
Fifth Race— Selling; three-year-olds and up
ward. HKiIQI
421 Fir Leaf.. ......102 j 303 Roadwarmer ...99
432 Sport McAUisterHO ... Free Lady 104
421 Kamsln 9» 346 Hugh Penny. 110
• 43$ Mainstay ' 105 ' 412 Zamar II 107
432 Defender 102 32S Homestake 98
... Q. 11. Ketcham.lol* 421 Graclas ...94
Sixth Rare— S»!ven furlongs; three-year-olds
aiui upward; selling.f
Be Happy 1041 428- Nonchalance ...112
... Turn Cromwell.. ll2" 427 Paul Krugrer 107
(429)Quilder 104 <4?,l)Hohenlohe 107
;'!iverso 104 432 Libertine 112
427 Captive 112 413 Cyril 104
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Glen Anne, Opponent, Meadow
lark. . . 9fWI
Second Race — Cappy, : The Last, Colonial .
Dame. . . ■ ■
Third Race— Roy Hooker, Good Hope, Tibu
/ron.
• Fourth Race— First Call, ■ San Venado, Froh
man.
, Fifth Race— Hugh Penny, Zamar 11, George
H. Ketcham." , ' •
Sixth lla.ce-I>ibertine. Cyril, Tom Cromwell.
General Hart Sued.
Arthur G. Flak, administrator of the
estats of the late Asa Fisk, the money
lender, has filed suit against General W.
H. H. Hart to recover $448 IT, which he
alleges is due upon a promissory note
! December 10, 1^36. He also asks
that Interest be compounded at the rate
of 3 per cent per month.
Not in Theatricals.
S. H. Friedlander denies that he has any
theatrical ventures up his sleeve. He says
the story circulated that he was again to
assume control of San Francisco play
houses is without any foundation. He is
at a loss to understand its origin.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1898.
TWO WORKMEN CRUSHED
UNDER TONS OF EARTH
FATAL ACCIDENT IN AN OPEN AND
UNBRACED SEWER CUT.
Wfocre tt)e Bodies of Reilly and Ncalon Were TaK^O From the Cut.
TWO laboring men, John Nealon and
John ReJlly, had their lives crushed
out yesterday afternoon while
working in a ditch on Filbert street,
between Broderick ■ and Baker. John
Lowney, a third laborer, narrowly es
caped death.
The ditch was being dug by the San
Francisco Paving Company for the new
sewer on Filbert street. It is through
soil of varied formation, chiefly sand and
clay mixed, with brown shale and a lit
tle soapstone. The section where the ac
cident occurred was three feet wide and
varied from six to twelve feet in depth.
The walls looked solid and no braces were
used.
Just what caused the accident nobody
seems to know. Shortly after 2 o'clock
yesterday afternoon a little shower of
rain carrie up and this probably loosened
the walls, for at about 2:30 the sides of
the ditch suddenly came together with a
rumble and crash. Fortunately there were
but three working in that part of the
trench. Two of them. Rellly and Nealon,
were buried up to the neck and Lowney
up to the armpits.
Lowney and Nealon called out lustily
for help, but Reilly was already uncon
scious. Nealon was dug out first and
ARREST OF A
MAN WANTED
IN TACOMA
P. J. Flynn Is Locked
Up in the Tanks.
SHORT IN HIS ACCOUNTS
ACCUSED OF HAVING EMBEZ
ZLED a large amount.
Recognized by Detective Reynolds
on Market Street He Is Taken
Into Custody — Denies
His Guilt.
Locked in the tanks of the City Prison
Is P. J. Flynn, a well dressed young man,
who Is wanted in Tacoma for embezzle
ment, tie was arrested yesterday after
noon while walking along Market street.
Several days ago Chief Lees received a
dispatch from the police of Tacoma ask
ing him to be on the lookout for Flynn,
as he was wanted on a serious charge.
Detective Reynolds was detailed on the
case, and, after considerable trouble, he
located Flynn in a lodging-house on Mar
ket.street. Reynolds visited hla room, hut
failed to find him. About an hour later
he was seen walking along Market street
and was placed under arrest.
When taken into custody Flynn ecemed
surprised and demanded to know why he
had been arrested. The detective took
him to police neadquarters, where he was
closely questioned •by Captain Bohen.
Flynn denied that he was guilty of the
crime charged against him. Despite his
entreaties he was escorted to the City
Prison and Chl^f Reed of Tacoma Im
mediately notified of hla arrest. He re
plied that an officer would start from
the north to-day to bring Flynn back.
Last night the following dispatch con
cerning Flynn'a alleged crime was re
ceived here:
TACOMA, Wash.. Dec. 29.— P. J. Flynn,
arrested in San Francisco to-night, is
wanted for alleged embezzlement. For
some time past he has been selling pianos
In Walla Walla and Whitman counties
for D. S. Johnston, wholesale piano
dealer of Tacoma and Spokane. It is
claimed that Flynn has nut accounted for
all his collections and' Is short something
like $1000. Chief of Police Reed was in
terested In the case over a week ago.
He corresponded with the Prosecuting
Attorney of Walla Walla County, who de
clined to swear out a warrant. Mr. John
ston was ready to swear out a warrant
here, but learned that a formal charge
must be filed In Wana Walla County. Hla
Spokane agent was accordingly sent to
Walla Walla to swear to a complaint.
Chief Reed in the meantime located
Flynn in Portland and had him shadowed
there for several days. He concluded that
Flynn had gone by rail to ban Francisco,
and was there arrested on advices frnm
Portland. He thinks Flynn will be taken
to Walla Walla for trial.
How they catch hares for the
coursing parks, in next Sunday's Call.
A Bogus Card.
Some clever individual has been making
use of the name of the Palace Hotel on
his card for the purpose of peddling toilet
i taken to the Receiving: Hospital, where it ;
was found that he had sustained a contu
sion of the right side and a possible frac
ture of the ribs.
After releasing Nealon the other work
'■ men set to work lustily with picks and
shovels to rescue the other unfortunates.
; but it was too late. Both had died in less
p than five minutes after the crash, the
life being crushed out of their bodies.
Officers Creegan. Kissane and Wilson of
1 the North End Station arrived soon after
the accident and telephoned to the
Morgue. The sight of the black wagon
, standing on the side of the hill drew the
usual crowd of morbid euriosity-Reekers,
; who were eagerly craning their necks
into the pit to catch a sight of the unfor
i tunate men.
The work of recovering the bodies was
slow. They stood face to face in a half
j stooping posture with the shovels still
! grasped in their cold hands. The ground
was hard an:l wet and but two men could
work at a time, and these, fearful of the
fate of their fellows whose doad bodies
they brushed against at every move.
worked slowly and cautiously. Ami all
I the time there was one pitiful sight. X>a
i lon's brother was working on the same
; job. \\ hen he heard what had happened he
: walked away from the scene and leaned
! up against the side of a building a hun
i dred yards away. All the time the work
was going on he stood in the one spot, a
articles. The man has his cards engraved |
"M. J. O'Rouko," and is supposedly occu
pying room 240. The management" of the !
hotel has been unable to ascertain if this
man has be^n victimizing- the public, but j
no such person is staying at the Palace.
One of the cards came into the possession '
of Assistant Manager Warren yesterday,
and he is using every effort to find out
who O'Rouke is.
THE EIGHT MAN FOR REFEREE
The National Club Made a Good Se
lection in Jack Kitchen.
The betting yesterday on the Creedon
and Green fight, which will be decided
this evening at Woodward's Pavilion,
favored Green slightly, although Creedon
had good supporters, who will Bhow their
coin when the odds, as they expect, will
favor Green.
The selection of Jack Kitchen, tha
clever boxer of the Reliance Club of Oak
land, as referee of the bout is an evi
dence that the National Club has arrived
at the wise conclusion that to be a good
referee v man must he honest and have
a thorough knowledge of Queensberry
rules, which very few of the alleged
present day referees possess. Kitchen
is a first-class referee, and, regardless of
what the gods in the gallery may think,
he will decide the contest on points made
up of stopping, clean hitting, side step
ping, ducking, etc. The Marquis of
Queensberry, when he decided upon a
twenty-four foot ring, took into consid
eration that a clever man could in such
a ring avoid an awkward and powerful
rusher by clever footwork and good gen
eralship.
If the Marquis intended that boxers
should make a stand-up fight and slog
away at each other regardless of the fine
points of the game he certainly would
have decided upon a twenty-four inch
ring for sloggers and stand-up fighters
only.
The preliminary to the evVnt of the
evening should be very interesting. The
boxers will come on at S o'clock sharp, as
the club has decided not to keep its
patrons until midnight waiting for the
linish of the entertainment.
TENNIS AND FOOTBALL.
Games That Will Be Played on Mon
day Over the Bay.
The Alameda Tennia Club will hold a
singlea tournament on Monday, January
2. This will be the pentlemen's cham
pionship and a large and enthusiastic
crowd Is erpected to be present. The
game will bo called at 9:30 a. m., weather
permitting.
On Monday afternoon the San Rafael
Football Club will play against the Pas
times of this city on the San Rafael
athletic grounds. The line-up is as fol
lows:
OT-rien (capt.). L— End— R Scott
Houston L— Tackle— R Healy
Burke Lr-Quard— R Mart 1 n
Hunger Center Ross
Philbrook R— Guard— L. Studley
Irwln R— Tackle— Li Curtis
Conlln R— End— L, H<xle
Ix>nf?reen Fullback Donel ley
Moore L— Half— R Dollar (capt.)
Noble R— Half— L Sims
Carew Quarter Hansen
The swimmers and divers will be well
represented at Sutro's Baths on Sunday
next. The entries for the aquatic con
tests are:
Fifty yard dash, novice— O. Beyfuss. H. Hil
ler, G. Galindo, L. St. Clalr, S. Woodburn,
H. Anderson.
One hundred yard dash, juvenile— A. Hay, E.
Kipp, C. Strohlln, H. Seebach, D. Harris, W.
DmwMtt.
Fifty yard rac*. amateurs— G. Fre*th, K.
turn Sud«n, R. White, P. Levy. H. Anderson,
H. Dougherty.
One hundred yard race non-professionals — J.
Rlngro«e, J. A. Jackson. F. Duran, A. J. Han
ton. A. Hay. H. Seebach.
Trick and fancy springboard dlvinfj— J. Ban
derbunr. J. Bevlns, H. Hiller. J. Bensen, A.
Hny. Pan Green. E. Klpp, H. Seebach, H.
DouKherty, Fred Green.
Trapeze and hljh diving— By Green brothers.
Andrew Carnegie tells how
he rose front a bobbin-boy to a
millionaire, in nex 1 , Sunday's
Call.
rugged picture of despair, an<J -when the
wagon boTe away the body of his dead
brother he quietly gathered up his own.
belongings and started horne — alone.
At naif-past 4, just two hours after the
accident, the worktngmen reverently
raised their hats and the body of John
Nealon was taken from the pit and placed
in a receiver. Twenty minutes later
Reiliy's body was recovered and the
wagon went away bearing the two sons
of toll from their last day's work.
Nealon was 31 years of age and leaves
a widow and one child, a girl about a
year old. He lived at 1357 Mission street.
Reilly was but 19 years of age. He ar
rived from Ireland about six months ago
and has been living with his brother, at
Howard and Tenth streets. He was un
married.
No one seems able to give a good expla
nation of the <-au6e of the accident. The
men working on the job refer all ques
tioners to the foreman, and he stoutly
. avers that he knows nothing about it.
; The section that caved in was about 30
f( et long and of varying depth, according
'as the work progressed. It was mostly
heavy rook and the ground 1b cracked and
, depressed several feet back of the ditch.
j AM fell from the north side, where the
I dirt was thrown and the weight of this
must have carried down the tons of clay
, and stone as soon as the rain loosened
them.
A Reunion of Labor.
The Building Trades Council is prepar
ing for a grand reunion of all the trades
union men in the city. A committee, con
sisting of P. H. McCarthy, J. W. Rose, E.
L. Malsbary, W. Goff, John E. Mc-
Dougald, C. Hussey and C. W. Doyle, was
appointed a few weeks ago to consider
the matter, and it decided to hold a ball
in Scottish Hall on January 28. Members
of the committee are visiting the various
organizations, and much interest in the
coming affair has been awakened.
The Rosenthal Concert.
The sale of seats for the Rosenthal con
cert series, which will open at Metropoli
tan Temple next Tuesday, gives promise
of good attendances. The seats are on
pale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s store.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
// DON'T //
will BE A will
cure BEAST cure
the the
worst worst
case case of
of drug
alcoholism. addiction.
Take the Keeley
There are more than
6000 examples of what
the Keeley has done right
in California. Many of
them were worse off than
you.
Write for particulars.
THE KEEL.EY INSTITUTES, X
1170 Market Street. San Francisco,
Donoboc Building.
LwUtershlm Building, Third and
Spring: St., Los Angeles.
Fred A. Pollock, Manager.
flk-rrsi VITA I IC
lgJi»T9s«fc fllHftilO
the new
ntDay. aa»xiax--^i ft ¥§ rnrMAi! •
w»-ioihDij.J»4L it rn£ilvliii
YITALIS Xi)iT " :y • »-• M RCIICnV
rRODKKS THE AROTS SOthD.y. l&kRIEUIll
RESULTS. ltqui-.kly*»nrelTrfmo» M
Nightly Emitsiont, Evil Dreama W*atin; Diawm and all effects
of self-abuse or exce»t and indiscretion. -"Restores Lot' Vitality,
\ Power and Kailini Mtmory. Wards off Insanity and Consump-
tion. Cares when all others fall. Initston having VITAI.IS,
no other. . Can be earned in the wit pocket. Bymail*l.Ou
per package orsix for (5.00 with a guarantee to Core or
Itcfund the Monej. C'irrular Free. tdctre«j
CALIMET CrttFCn.. 8.14 :>•■..■!,;,-. «t.. C»ilca««
■ott Mr Owl Dm Co.. S. F.. md Oaktaat
Munyon'sHeadache and \ndtgestlonCure
Is the only remedy on the market that
will cure every form of Headache in 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up, the sys-
tem. It should be in every home and
every traveler's gripsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures 25c. . ; ;
a Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABNT ST. -' EstablUned
In 1854 /or the treatment of Private
1 >lsMK*ef;. Lost Man hood. » Debility or
I dlspiise wearing on body an d mind and
I Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
n the m fall. Try him. Charges low,
I ( nrf »i;Hnr:inl<f d. Callorwrite.
I 3>r. J. I. tiIBBON, Box 1357, 5 an Francisco.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
BBBBaBHBBBaBBBBHHBBHBBBBg
!u! u Ay you want to shmoke in this house, Mr. O'Hoolihan, you will
p|| uAv you want to shmoke in this Jiouse, Mr. CHoolifian, you wiu &
ES| shmoke Sale of No'th Carilini." . ' [|
§ Seal of North Carolina 1
m ■ ' .. — - I
p is fragrant— is easy to light — never g
II needs re-lighting, packs in pipe properly, g
H and does not tamp down too hard. |
M Always draws clear and smokes freely. |
Hj These are facts 1 : 1
a ■— . .'• ;.• ■. 1
B "T" he Ori S«nal Plug Cut— p
Im The Original Plug Cut— i
I Always the same—
H Mild and Cool. . |
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBaaHBHHIiBBBn
AUCTION SALES,
SALOON STOCK AND FIXTURES.
THIS DAY (FRIDAY) AT 2 P. M.
" EIGHTH ST.. COR. TEHAMA.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 602 Market St..
BAILROATJ TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbureo Forry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL. "
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:09 a. m. 12:35,
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:b0
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m. 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. 12:45,
3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40." 3:40.
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park j
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 16, .
Week I Sun- IS9B. Sun- Week
Days. I days. Destination. days. Days.
7:3o ami 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 ami B:4oam
8:30 pm! 9:3oam> Petaluma, .6:10 pin 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:oopnf| Santa Rosa, /7:35pm 6:22pm
I Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, .10:25 *m
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyserville,
3:3o pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 6:22 pm
Hopland and
7:30 am 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am GuernevlUo. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:22 pm'
7:30 am 8:00 am] Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
I and
C:lopm 6:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:22pm
7:Soam 8:00 am Sebaetopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
»:30pm| 5:00 pmf | 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm
" Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
•erville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell's
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvllle. Booneville. Orr"s
Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal. Wlllitts, • Laytonville, Cum-
mlng's, ■ Bell's : Springs, Harris, Olsen'a, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka. •■
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California
Limited
Santa fc Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves Sa:
Francisco via Los Angeles a Li
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives in Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tho
following- Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving in New
York at l:3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electrlo
Lighted Sleeping 1 Car.
This Train is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
%\\ FRANCISCO lICKEfIfICE— HI MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN" 1531.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway. ,
Sacramento Office— 23l J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10, IS9S. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. . | North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. [Passen-
1 ger. Sunday Sunday per.
Daily.-. Exc'ptd Stations. . ■ Exc'ptd Daily.
B:2oam 10:30 am Stockton- 3:45 pm; s:sopm
10:10 am! 2:05 pm Merced 12:40pm '4:03pm
11:40 ami 6:30 Fresno 9:30 am| 2:32pm
12:88 pm 7:15 pm Hanford > ami 1:35 pm
■ B:2opm|l2:3nam Bakerßfleld 2:30 am 11:25 am
l!:£>Bpm| B:sopm Visalla 6:4o am. 1:15 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Market
■treet, San Francisco.
. RATL3CAD TBAVEL.
SVIITHKKJi CIVIC COMPANY.
jPAOiriO -iMiii i
Truiui lt> ui «• nnil are due to nrrlve nt
MBJI NAN FIUNCIMO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
lea^e — From Deo. 18, 1898. — arri»»
•0:OOa Nil*B. San Jose and Way Station*... *S:-iliZ
~:OOa Bciiicia, SuUun and Sacramento . . . . 5:15?
?:OOa Mai7srllle, OroTlUeand Redding via
Woodland 5:45p
7:OOa Elmira, VacaTiHe and Bnmsey »:«r
7:3Ua Martinez, Sin Ramon, Vallejo, X»pa,
. C»ii.«t<'gß and B<inU Rob» 6:1
f»:OO» Atlantic Kxpr^H, Oe<leu and Kast.. S:l."»p
li'Wa Sail .lose, lircrmore, Stockton, ■
lone, Saorameotn, Flaotjrvillt,
" MaryaVillv, Cbioo, K«l Uliitl -lilSf
n-.:iO\ •Miliou, Oakdale and Jamestown... 4:13p
»:OOa lla.-tiurz Tracy, LatLrop, Btocktoii.
Mercedfcnd freiino 1 2: [ Bp
V:OOa lTresno, Uakenilici.l. lUrtmra.
Los ADgelee, Demlng, El Paso,
New Orleans and Bast (3:45
I«:«0a Vallejo. Martinez and Way Station* 7*4B*
liiiOOx Niles, LiTermore, Stuck urn, Sacra-
mento, Menduta, HanXord. VUalia,
PcrterrUlo ..«......*...... 4:IIIp
- *ItOOF Sacramento River Sternum "StOOp
4:OOr.Martlurr., San Itmuon, Vallejo,
Napa. t'all»tii(c». Santa Kota »:I3*
4iOOr Br-uicU, VacarUle, Sacramento,
Woiiillaiid, Kiiifhtu landing,
Mai7«Tille, Orofille 10:43*
4i3op Nilas, San Jose and Stockton ?:I3p
5: San Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Btkers&eid, Los
Angeles ; 9:1 5 4
OiSOp Stockton, Merced, Fresno. 1 2: 1
3:3 Up Martinez, Trier, JJendota, Fremo.
MojaTe.'Kauta jlarbora and l.us
Am-cl..* " 9>(3a
I5:OOP Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
ttßlXm Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
v Louis, Chicago and East JO :4SV
818OF 'siauia r« 1i..,i..... AlimiUc i.»i..1»0
■ for Moja»* an.l Kast i «:l&e
«:O«r |-.ur..i>eaii Mail, Ogilan and Kilt.... •t45«
O>OOp Hay ward*, N'iles and Han Jose 7:4.» a.
•«:tt»r Valiaju 12i13p
t?>OOr.Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
ttons.! J»:4»p
8:00r Oregon ]Cx|ir<>«s,Kaaraiiieata, Marys-
tllle. Ito.ltliiK, Pottlaiul, l-uget
. Sound anil ICa«t 8:1.1 a.
« 1 0:03 p Sunset Limited. Fresno, l.oa
Angeles, £! Pa»o, New Orleans
an'lE*»t.... U:43y
SAN LKAMMIO AM» lI\T\VAKI>S I,O(AI>.
(root of Market Street.)
Helro***, Srruinarr t'ark, ( .
8:00 a ' r'llflibnnr, Klmliurnfc, 6:13*.
<8:00 a Kan Irraml ru, South Hun »*!i:i.T\
lO.OOa Lrantlro, Kutudillo, 10:8.1*
tllioo* LoreiiM, Cherry ■ 12:l.1p
. 3:00p Rn ,l <1«43p
' lOOP i Run. through U, SUm. ' li *
" oop i Run. through to Nlles. " 45f
J t From Nlles. I
COAST 111 VISION (Narrow Untile). "
(Foot of Market Street.) _
Btl3ANi9wark,Urrttorfille,SauJoie,»ltaD.
Boulder ex, Santa Crux and Way
SUtlons -. H:3O»
•2:15p Ntwark, Centertillc?. San Jose, New
Alma.ico, Felton, Hcnlder Creek,
Santa Cruz and l*rlDdpal Way
Station* Mo:soa
•l:13r Newark. San Jose and Los Oatos... 9:30*.
1 11i43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations tT:2Op
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from S*lt FRANCISCO— TooI 0? Utrkit Strut (Slip 8)~
■ •7:15 9:00 11:00 a.M. Jl:80 '2:00 J3iOO
M:0: J!:00 '6:00 r.M.
rrcmOilUKD— ro«t»rßr«tdwiT.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
U2:CO *l:00 ta:OO '3:03 t«:CO - > 8:00r.n.
~ COAST 111 VISION (llroatl (i»Hfe).
(Third and Townaeml Str) m
7:00 a Han .Inn* ami Way Station* (New
Alma<lei. Wednesdays only) l:SOp
9:00 a Han Joku. Vies I'iium. Hnnta ('mz,
Pacific Urore I'a.in RiiUes. Han
Luis Olitspn. Uuadalui><>, Surf and
l'rlnclpal Way .St.»ti..n« 4ilop
lOi4Oa 6ku Jims and Way Stations •Stoo*. -
lIiSOa San Ji.se and Way Stations B:S3a
*Si4Bpgan Mat»n. Redwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Mm .:.*«,
Oilroy. HollUter, Hanka Qraa,
" SHlinas, Muuierey anil Padllo ' i
tlroTß # lO:a#A.
•8:.10p San Jose and Way Stations •0:00 a.
•4:l»r San Jose an.l Principal Way Stations 11: 15*
■3:OOp SaD Jose and Principal Way Stations O::i.Vt
s:."top. "top San. an.! Principal Way Stations r>::tOp
<l::tOp San Jose ami Way Stations 7:»Op
tll:4Sr San Jose ami Way Stations 7:8 Op
•. A for Morning. 1' for Afternoon
* Kimriayii axotftLßd. t Sundays only. » Ssr.nr.injr* only
•JMondajs and Thnrsdays. aTu^sdays and Eaturdayii.
|astl)4tf<*MW I"«liiti. oTh'ir«il ■'•••!.' Sundays
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Ssttsalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLEY
I AND SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— '9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 'l:to.
3:45. 6:15, •6:00, 6:30 p. m. ...
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •8:00. *10:00, '11:30 a. m.; n:l3.
1:00, "4:30. 6:13 p. m. -
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS— S:23, *6:3 i, 7:45, »9:30 a. m.
•12:20, 2:20, *3:43, 5:05 p. m. •
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •8:00. »10:00, »11:55 a. m.;
: •1:1:,. •3:10, 4:40. «6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:46, 7:55/ 9:40 a. m. ;
12:35, 2:45. 3:50, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m.; " 12:05, 1:20, 3: JO.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIN'S.
7:20 a.m. •week — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
J:45 p.m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:30 a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta'«.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave ' San Francisco, commencing Sunday
Sept. 11. 1898:- • •
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays — 8:00, 10:00. 11:30 a. m., 1:13 p. ra
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
••THOS.-.COOK ft SON. Agents. 621 -Mark"*
street, San Francisco.
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
A SENSATION
SPOILED BY
LONG DELAY
Hellar's Contest Was
Filed Too Late.
ROGERS IS DISAPPOINTED
HE WOULD LIKE TO TELL HIS
STORY UNDER OATH.
Heilar Said to Be Merely a Nominal
Contestant in the Hands
of His Vindictive
Friends.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
Broadway, Dec. 29.
Pam Hellar's eleci • . • ontest has been
thrown out of court by Judge Ogden on
the ground thai It was not tiled within
the forty-daj limit required by law.
When the petition of Hellar for a cita
tion to issue against Rogers was brought
up. his attorneys at once declared that
the law is very •peciflc in regard to the
lime within which election contests must
l - Bled. Attorney Lin Church declared
that ihe election returns were filed No
vember 14. and forty days from that date
would be December 24. The action was
not commenced until December 'Si. No
other argument was made by Rogers'
attorneys.
Attorney Sawyer, representing Hellar,
stated that the time limit clause In the
!;iw U i roint, as the law did not
spedflcajo designate when the election
returns were received, lie argued that
the pr< sent contest is pliunl} within the
jurlsdk tlon of the court. .
.ludf Ogden did not agree with Hellar s
attorn. aid that the last day re
quire.! by law tor the presentation uf the
ion returns was November 14. He
the case >>f ('nrlson vs. Hurke, which
boars directly upon the matter. He con
cluded bj saying that as the action was
brought three days too late it was need
;or the court to Bx ■ date for its
..• application would be
denied. Hollar's attorneys were permit
ted to record an exception.
Sheriff-elect Rogers says that if It were
I >t a useless proceeding entirely he would
like th.- mattt-r to be heard in court, for it
would give him an opportunity to tell
under oath his side of the interesting
story. Rogers declares that the whole
thing is a conspiracy engineereii by some
Hellar and says that "Sam"
la merely being ased as an instrument in
others' hands to try to throw mud upon
his (Rogers'! political career.
Rogers is positive that h*' did not make
n single promise before his election, and
declares that neither Dr. Derrick nor any
other of Hellar's friends can show proof
to the contrary.
Rogers' attorneys are considerably
amused at the peculiar confession madf
by H.'llar in his action. Hellar admits
that he was a party to the same alleged
illegal transaction for which he seeks to
havo Mr. Rogers punished, and that he Is
therefore liable to conviction for felony.
If the facts to which he confesses couid
be proved by evidence other than his own.
Mr. Hellar ha* been talking for some
weeks about his grievance and the opin
ion has been expressed that it was not
altogether accidental that he filed his ap
plication too late for it to be heard, and
that the purpose was more to cast an as
persion on Rogers than to promote the
cause of Justice and purity of elections.
XIRCHOFER'S TROUBLES.
Does Not Want His Wife to Secure a
Divorce.
OAKLAND, Dec. 29.— 1n the divorce i
suit of Christina Kirchofer of Alameda |
against Gustav Klrchofer, defendant this !
afternoon filed an answer denying the al
legations of desertion and failure to pro
vide. Mr. Klrchofer does not propose to
allow bis wife to secure a decree without
a bitter contest. The parties have been
married about two yearn and have a child
aged nine months. They formerly re
sided in Mendo< Ino County, where they
own a homestead, but according to Mr.
Klrchofer' statement country life proved
too dull and uninteresting for the wife
and she induced him to locate in Ala
in <?da.
Then the trouble began. The little
money saved on the Mendocino property
coon vanished, and it became necessary
for the husband to seek employment else
where. He went to Los Angeles, re
maining there four months, but without
securing work. He alleges that he is
still in pursuit of employment and that
he has registered letter receipts showing
tint he frequently vent home money, al
though recently the court allowed plain
tiff $1.". monthly for her support.
AE3IS AGAIN AT WAR.
The E-enewal of a Sensational Divorce
Case.
OAKLAND. Dec. 2?.— Divorce pro"" > 'l
lrts were again instituted iate this after
noon between Frederick Aebi and his
wife. Katherlne Aebi. Thp parties reside
in Berkeley, and were married In the
early part of ! V .'T.
About r\ year :iro Mrs. Aebi sued for
divorce, alieging cruelty as the ground of
action. The case was tried before Supe- !
rior Judge Hall, and the specific allega
tlons of cruelty were of such a nature i
and the testimony so sensational that !
the case was tried behind closed doors, j
Attorneys Harris and Hess of San Fran- I
foufrlu the divorce bitterly on be- I
iiilf of Ihe defendant, and Judge Hall !
finally refused to grant a decree.
In a complaint tor divorce filed by Har- !
ris hu<l Hess late this afternoon their I
client. Frederick Aebi, alleges desertion :
nother Beaaon of sensational testi- i
mony is expected when the case comes ;
-m for trial, for it is siated that the wife i
Btlll contends that she had good grounds !
tor a divorce and is opposed to allowing
her husbr.nd the pleasure of securing a
decree. °
■ ~««
IT WAS ONLY LOVE. \
A Marriage License Heals a Motor- •
man's Insanity.
OAKLAND. Dec. 29.-Thomas Randall j
Grimwood. the erratic motor-man, whose
roaming about at TemescaJ armed with
two revolvers created a decided sensa
tion last week, was granted .-. marriage i
license at the County Clerk's office to-day- :
to wed Viola Knapp. Orimwood Is a n £
the of England, aged 32 years, and Miss
Knapp is a native of Indiana, aged 22 I
years. - . . J
Last Saturday Orimwood railed at his '
room in he residence of J. Martin Koitv- !
first street and Shattuck avenue, 'and do- •
manded his clothing. He brandished his
revolvers In a threatening manner and us
demand was promptly complied with He
then burned up the clothing in a botinre" !'
and informed Mrs. Martin that he would" !
Bhoot Whomsoever tried to arrest him
that he proposed not to be taken alive ' r
The issuance of the marriage license nan !
caused no end of surprise and wonder in '
view of the foregoing facts.
Since the police were notified of the in
cident they nave twice had two men look- I
Ing for Grlmwood.
■ ♦ . v * ■■
Mrs. Howriet's Estate.
OAKLAND. Dec. 29.— Susan H. Wheeler j
to-day filed for probate the will of. the
late Mrs. Marian Catherine Howriet. who i
filed last Monday. She asks for letters
<if administration on her mother's estate.!
which consists <-f four houses on Eigh- I
teenth street, this city, worth $20,000. per
sonal property $200 and money on deposit
1901 35. The will is dated December 22, ,
ink '-. ■;■....■-;■
SNOW WOULD
REALLY LIKE
TO BE MAYOR
Modestly Waiting to
Be Asked.
THE LEAGUE MAY NAME HIM
PROSPECT OF THEBE BEING TOO
MANY REFORMERS.
Tlie Republicans Have Not Definitely
Decided Whether They Will
Hold Primaries or Ap
point Delegates.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. Dec. 29.
Auditor Snow is modest. His modesty
for eight years has been the means of his
election and re-election as City Assessor.
Mr. Snow, it is said, has never sought an
office, but fate has been good and the of
! flee has gone to him.
Auditor Snow has long been recognized
as one of the logical candidates for
Mayor. Two years ago he could have had
the nomination at the hands of the Re
publican delegates by asking for it. But
his modesty forbade him. Mr. Snow was
asked to-day what he thought of him-
I sell' as a candidate for Mayor and he re
i piled:
"If the citizens of Oakland were adver
tising for a general manager 1 would not
I hesitate to apply for the place. The office
of Mayor Is, unfortunately for the tax
1 payers, quite another thing. If. however,
; the citizens of Oakland want me to serve
them In any capacity and will say so ;
■ with a fair degree of unanimity 1 will I
' serve them,"
The Municipal League is now taking the i
1 preliminary steps toward calling its con
; vention. None of the delegates are yet {
1 known, but its candidate for Mayor will
i be> either John F. Towle or R. W. Snow, i
with Giles H. Gray and Fred V. Wood as !
j possibilities.
It is probable that in nearly all the
i wards there will be little gatherings of
citizens of every political creed to decide
! on their candidates for Counci linen. The j
1 Fifth Ward has set the example by agTee-
Ing upon Frank M. ParceUs. who was the !
j Republican nominee two years ago. and
who was beaten through the action of!
: another Republican. *vho ran lndepend- \
ently and .split the party vote.
This method of obtaining candidates is !
similar to that followed by the Municipal j
League in principle, and unless the league
shall indorse candidates sn chosen it is
: possible that there may two "reform" ;
, candidates where one would be safer ;uid
more acceptable.
So far none of the regular parties have :
, done anything, but assert that they are
thinking the matter over. The Republi
can City Central Committee will meet
next week, and it is possslble that the
members will decide as to whether the
convention shall be called by primaries ;
1 or by the appointment of delegates'.
Street Superintendent Miller, as fore
, cast in The (Tall last week, has announc
! Ed himself as being positively out for the
; nomination of City Engineer. It is very
probable that he will be th« candidate of
the Municipal League as Mr. Dow cer- j
talnly will be for City Attorney. Candi- ;
dates are cropping up in all directions, i
many of them being unable to shake off '
the habit of having themselves mentioned
1 for any old thing every time an election j
i approaches.
MRS. BRANDES HELD.
Must Stand Trial for the Murder of
Her Daughter Lillian.
OAKLAND, Deo. 29. — Mrs. Etta
Brandes was held to answer to-day for
the murder of her stepdaughter, Lillian.
The proceedings only lasted a few min
utes. Justice Olift agreed with the Dis
trict Attorney that no argument was
necessary on behalf of the State, and as
the defense does not intend to put in any!
testimony until the case comes to trial
thf woman was held to answer.
Her attorneys conferred with the Dis
trict Attorney about trying Mrs. Brandes
lirst. The State refused to do this, and
Brandes' attorney asked for a copy of
the court records that they might bring
habeas corpus proceedings in the Supe
rior Court.
Mrs. Brandes will be arraigned next
Wednesday morning.
Report on Schools.
OAKLAND. Dec. 29.— J. N. MeClym
onds. City Superintendent of Schools, has
presented his annual report to the School
Directors. It contains the report of
Professor Burckhalter on the expedition
to India, and deals largely with -the sub
ject of native study and the qualifica
tions of teacher?. Regarding the latter
subject it says, referring to Professor
Elmer E. Brown:
"If you are to seek for the best you will
not confine yourself to the city of Oak
land alone." This recommendation would
interfere somewhat with local pride, but
we are to keep in mind that the -chooLs
of Oakland are being conducted for the
children of Oakland alone. This being t ha
fact, the children are entitled to the best
teachers that can be found. Irrespective
of residence or the school of preparation."
Arrested at the Racetrack. v -
OAKLAND. Dec 29.— Vicksburg Woods
was brought to the County Jail from the
race track this evening and =• booked for
felony, no charge having- yet been sworn
to. Woods la a betting commissioner, and
has been doing business at the track
since it was opened. He is well known
among the betting men. and was in the
confidence of many of them... He went to
Oeorge Rose and drew $.100. saying it was
for the account of Thomas H. Williams,
president of the track. When Williams
learned of it he ordered his arrest: Wil
liams said to-night that he will ■ swear
to the complaint to-morrow. Woods, ■> It
is said, used the money to gamble and
lost it. . ,
Garrity Gets a Star.
OAKLAND, Dec. .29.— The- Police- Com- !
missioners to-day appointed Peter Gar
rlty, a special officer, to .a- permanent !
place oh. the force. Mayor Thomas and I '
City Engineer Clement favored Garrlty !
and City Attorney Dow wanted Clark.'
Oakland News Items, . • ■
OAKLAND. Dec. 29.— Coroner Baldwin's
report this month shows that seventeen
Inquests were heM. There -were six cases
of accidental death, .one of "murder, two
suicidal and eight from other causes.
The members of. the Acme Club en
loved a- Christmas tree and entertainment j
last night, with Sergeant "Jack" Scanlan. \
of t"he Police Department .as Santa Claus.
Presents were distributed- and' an ■inter
esting programme was carried, out. *-.
• J. A. .Marshall," cement contractor, to
day filed, a claim with the. Board of Pub
lic"- Works ' against: John M. Shay, the
missing engine-houSe contractor, for $795
for work- done on the engine-house. The
claims thus far filed- against Shay foot
up-si.'2". "•• ' ' ■.:•■
• Work ha." commenced' ~» the., erection
of the bulkhead at -Eighth street, to . re
tain the mud ami sl-ickens to be pumped
•out of Lake Merrltt. ' It is estimated that I
it will require about 300.000 feet of lumber '
to build this bulkhead-.
The preliminary examination .of Hora- :
tfo Paul, charged with assault to murder I
Manuel Davle .at Temescal' last month, |
has been set for January. 5. -Davie claims i
that Paul shot him because he refused to.
loan him money wherewith' to buy a can
of beer. ;:!-■;;,;. ':. • . • •• .
. ♦' ■
Andrew Cam? , tells' how
he rose from a bobbin-boy to a
millionaire, in next Sunday's.
Call: ' I}' • .'-" "-\ -" ;- i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1898.
"I USED TO GO AND
HELP KICK, TOO"
Young Brandes Finally Tells of the Brutality
of His Parents and How They Used to
Treat His Sister.
T"*\ERKELEY, Dec. 29,— Aside from the bruises which literally covered
[■J the body of the unfortunate Lillian Brandes at the time of her death.
I 1 more evidence has come to light which goes to show that the report!
■*"* of Brandes' cruelty have not been exaggerated. The testimony in
question is from Milton Frandes, the • ten-year-old son of the man and
■woman who are now in the Oakland County Jail, held on the charge of
murder.
At the time of his father's arrest the boy would say nothing about the
treatment his sister Lillian had received in her parents' home at Berkeley.
He seemed to show little concern in the awful tragedy which had taken
one of the members of the household, and professed ignorance of any of
the circumstances connti-ted with the case. He appeared quite Indifferent
to the events which brand his parents' names with infamy, and showed no
signs whatever of regret or sorrow for the tragic end of his sister's* life.
People Interested in the affair thought at first that Brandes had prob
ably frightened the child into silence, and that possibly he could be in
duced to divulge details later. But their efforts bo far have failed, as all
attempts to draw from him any of the incidents connected with the last
days of Lillian's life have met with failure.
Within the last two or three days, however, this silence has been
broken, and the boy has been talking about the' matter to Brandes'
neighbors freely, and in a way which, shows that his home life was well
fitting him to be the son of his father.
He is now telling people in a bragging way of how Brandes used to
abuse unfortunate Lillian, and his story conforms exactly with the opinion
now freely held us to the brutal cruelty which the young girl endured. He
even boasts, in a boyish way, that he used to help In the abuse.
The most direct testimony thus far given is his answer to a question
from one of the neighbors asking if he. ever saw his father thrash the girl.
"Why, yes," he said, "father and mother used to kick her all over the
house, and I used to go and help kick, too."
DR. GRAIF SURPRISES
HIS CONGREGATION
WILL LEAVE IN ANSWER TO
AN EASTERN CALL,
Given Three Months' Leave of Ab
sence, but Is Not Expected to
Come Back.
Oakland Office San Francisco Cal
908 Broadway, Dec. 29.
Dr. Philip Graif, pastor of the First
Free Baptist Church, created a surprise
a tthe annual meeting of his congregation
last night by asking for three months'
leave of absence, which. It is understood,
Is equivalent to handing in his. resigna
tion.
A few days ago Dr. Graif received a call
to : the First Free Baptist Church of Lew
iston, Maine. This rhurch is allied with
Bates College, the leading institution of
the church in this country, and tho ap
pointment is considered to be one of the
best in the Free Baptist faith. A ftw
months ago Dr. Graif was honored with
a degree from his college, which has been
followed up by sending for him to preside
over the allied church.
The pastor's request was granted and in
an Interview to-day he stated that he
would undoubtedly accept the call and
that as soon as he had visited his new
charge he would at once formally resign
from his local pastorate.
Hertig Violently Insane.
OAKLAND, Dec. 29.— Adolph. Hertip.
who escaped from Uklah several months
ago and was arrested again yesterday for
insanity, was examined to-day at the Re
ceiving' Hospital. He was so violent that
he had to be strapped down while the
examination was being conducted by Drs.
Mauzy and Known. He was again com
mitted to Ukiah.
MRS. HOLDEN HEARD FROM.
Missing Woman Writes to Her Sister
in Alameda.
ALAMEDA. Dec. 29.— The serious illness
of Thomas A. Smith has prompted Mrs.
Mary Holden, who disappeared last Au
gust, leaving a letter stating she was go
ing to drown herself in the ocean, to com
municate directly with her relatives here,
revealing her whereabouts and asking
forgiveness for her BtXaftge action. She
was bookkeeper for Mr. Smith, who mar
ried her niece. It is nqw known that when
she left his office hex accounts were in a
tangled condition, and it is stated there Is
NEW MOVE IN LOCAL ADVERTISING
EDGAR JOHN ARNOLD.
Specially engaged for seasons IR9B-1599-1900 ns advertising manaper for Hale's
«>ven Californlan stores, on and after January 1, 1899. will a)so take charge of the
mall order department of Hale'a large stores In this city. This 1b tn the. further
line of promotion which has come so rapidly to Mr. Arnold during the pa*t five
years. He was for some time connected with the advertising department of
The Call, and for one year was advertising manager for Goldberg. Bowen & Co.,
the largest grocery house west of Chicago, and left them to engage In the gen-
eral advertising field.' His work brought him prominently Into public notice, and
several offers were made, but Hale's In March, 189$, secured his services for
their Callfornian stores,- and. the. latest move Is that he will undoubtedly issue
the most attractive mall order matter, and as the mall order trade is naturally the
result of newspaper publicity, it Is to be expected Mr. Arnold will prove more
valuable in his dua.l capacity. Hale's are the largeat dry goods advertisers on
• the Pacific Coast, and probably conduct' the largest mall order business. Firm
and parsistent believers in and users of advertising, their success has been one
of the great .features of Pacific Coast retailing. The present move in the mall
order department Is In line with the progressive policy of this firm.
a difference in the figures of over $1200.
Monday of this week Mrs. A. B. An
drews, sister of the woman, received a
letter from her mailed in Humboldt
County. Mrs. Andrews is watching at
the bedside of Mr. Smith and could not
be seen, but other relatives stated that
Mrs. Holden expressed regret for- what
she had done. This is the first direct
communication received from the woman.
Thomas. A. Smith, who is now sick unto
death, was a firm friend of the woman,
and her queer actions and the fact that
she had been unfaithful to her trust vis
ibly affected him. His friends state that
the affair hastened his present Illness.
• Mrs. Holden's relatives will strive to
prevail upon her to return to Alameda.
At present, they refuse to disclose her ad
dress.
1♦ ■ ■
ants, susan barlows will.
Prospects of Friction Among Chil-
dren of the Deceased.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 29.— There is a pros
pect of friction among the children of the
latu Mrs. Susan Barlow over the disposi
tion of her estate. She left property val
ued at about 110,000, consisting of the
Loyal Oak Hotel and furniture. The de
ceased made a will in 1596. naming her
son. Albert Barlow, and daughter. Mary
Wallace, executor and executrix. In this
document she devised her estate to her
four children, share and ?hare alike.
Subsequently she sought to avoid the
expense of probate proceedings by exe
cuting deeds to the property. The deeds
were placed in the hands of Thomas A.
Smith, but a few weeks before Mrs. Bar
low's last Illness she recalled them and
made a codicil to her will In which she
revoked the nomination of her son as ex
ecutor, bequeathed her piano to her
daughter. Mrs. Wallace, besides giving
her the free use of the hotel and furniture
during the period the estate is in probate.
It Is over this latter clause that the
heirs ore clashing. Mrs. Wallace Is per
fectly satisfied with its provisions, but
her brothers, and sisters do not take to It
kindly. They insist that the deeds to the
property were not destroyed, but are
still In existence, and that they take
precedence over the will. They will not
consent to the probating of the will until
a thorough search has been made for
the deeds.
Tennis Tournament.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 29.— The Alameda Ton
nis Club will hold a singles championship
next Monday at Its Morton street court.
The entries will close Saturday, Decem
ber 31, and the drawing will take place
immediately thereafter. .
J. A. Landsburger, A. B. Bowen and R.
G. Hunt comprise the committee m
charge. This will be the first singles
championship he-id* by the club for several
years. It is exciting considerable inter
est In tennis circles.
BARCLAY WAS
BETRAYED AND
BY A WOMAN
Sequel to the Palo Alto
Bank Robbery.
HE TOLD HER OF HIS CRIME
SHE INFORMED THE POLICE OF
HIS WHEREABOUTS.
The Police Said to Have located
Minckler, the Telegraph Oper
ator, at Dunsmuir, Where
He Is Under Arreet.
B. H. Barclay, otherwise known as
Harry L. Cator, the young man who was
arrested Wednesday night for obtaining
$840 from the Palo Alto bank on a forged
telegram, was betrayed by a woman.
Barclay and another man named Mi.nckler
conceived the bold scheme of sending a
bogus dispatch to the bank, instructing
the cashier to pay Cator the amount stat
ed in the dispatch. Cator got the money, at
once left Palo Alto and came to this city,
arriving here late Tuesday night. With
his ill-gotten gains he visited the tender
loin and proceeded to have a good time.
After visiting several saloons and or
dering champagne he met a woman who
is known to the police as "Moonlight
Mattle." At his invitation she accom
panied him to a restaurant on Stockton
street, where they had supper. He flashed
the money he had received on the bogus
telegram and gave her $20 to buy a pres
ent for herself. After leaving the restau
rant they went to other places and finally
brought up in a lodging-hove on Bush
street and Grant avenue. During his con
versation with the woman he told her of
his crime and asked her how he could
leave the city without the police getting
on to him. She listened to his story, and,
after getting all the details, excused her
self on the pretext that she wanted to see
a sick friend and would return imme
diately.
After leaving him she went to the near
est telephone and rang up Lieutenant
Blrdsall at the Cenfral police station.
She told him all the particulars of Bar
clay's crime and gave him the number of
the room where he was asleep. Birdsail
lost r , time in notifying Chief Lees, who
at o- c ordered the lieutenant to send one
of his trusted men to arrest Barclay. He
was found in the room described by the
woman and placed under arrest. He at
first denied that he was the man who was
wanted, but finally admitted his guilt.
He said that after reaching this city he
bought a diamond ring for $225, and think
ing he might be robbed he gave $500 to
the landlord of the house with instruc
tions to keep it until he called for it. He
was very much astonished at the action
of the woman and threatened to get even
with her at the first opportunity.
It is understood that she will be called
as a witness for the prosecution when the
case against him is heard.
It was reported yesterday that Minck
ler, the telegrph operator, had been lo
cated at Dunsmuir, where he was arrested
and an officer had gone there to bring him
back to Palo Alto.
SA-N JOSE. Dec. 29.— Ha1l Barclay,
alias Harry L. Cator, who succeeded in
drawing $840 from the Bank of Palo Alto
on a telegram forged by L. Mlnckler,
postal telegraph operator at San Fran
cisco, was brought to the County Jail to
night from Palo Alto. He was arraigned
before Justice Van Buren at Mayfield to
day. His preliminary examination is set
for to-morrow. Bail $1500.
Barclay returned most of the money
and a diamond ring to the bank officials,
and they have agreed not to prosecute.
The prisoner also claims Chief Lees prom
ised to use his influence with the officers
at Palo Alto to get him free if he would
confess.
ART CLUB LECTURES.
An Interesting Schedule Arranged
for Future Meetings.
The Photographic Art Club met at its
rooms In the Mercantile Library building
i last evening for the purpose of electing
, officers to serve for the ensuing year.
! The following were elected: Louis E.
! Rea, president; Miss D. J. Squire, vice
' president; Miss M. E. Tower, secretary;
Henry B. Packscher, corresponding sec
retary; Mrs. O. J. Joly, financial secre
tary; John S. Bannerman, treasurer; Mias
I K. G. Lyons, librarian; H. H. Zobel. Mrs.
C. E. Baldwin and James A. Haran, ex
ecutive committee.
On Monday evening, January 9, 1899. the
club will give its regular monthly musi
caleto the members and their friends.
On January 16 President Rea will deliver
the first of the regular series of lectures
and demonstrations on "Photography in a
Hurry." On- January 23 H. H. Zobel will
give a lecture and demonstration on
"Hand Cameras and Photographic Ex
posures." On the following Monday
evenings Dr. K. O. Steers will lecture on
"The Chemistry of Photography," alter
nating with other lectures and demonstra
tions for the beginner and the advanced
photographer. These lectures are open
to the public, provided a member's card
is presented to the corresponding secre
tary. Hereafter the club will meet
every Monday evening.
Democratic Central Club.
At the regular weekly meeting of the
Democratic Central Club held last Wed
nesday evening at Pythian Castle the fol
lowing officers were elected to govern the
club during the year 1599: President, Os
car Hocks; first vice president, William
Fahy; second vice president. J. D. Pow
ers; recording secretary, James J. Maher;
financial secretary, Andrew Olsen; cor
responding secretary, James E. Donahue;
treasurer, Charles Dever; trustees— E. T.
Mlnnehan, R. L. Mann, James Neal, T.
E. Treacy and Charles Kiesel; advisory
board, James G. Maguire, Charles H. Hol
conili, Walker C. Graves, Bert Schles
lnger, Henry C. Gesford, Francis' J.
Heaney J. J. Dwyer. Walter P. Stradley,
Joseph Leggett and James H. Barry.
The selection of a campaign committee
was postponed until the first meeting in
March. It was decided by the club to
give a high jinks and hold a public instal
lation of officers next Wednesday even
ing. Walter P. Stradley was appointed
principal speaker of the occasion.
Swallowed Carbolic Acid.
Annie O'Connor, residing at 16C Folsorn
avenue, swallowed a done of carbolic acid
with suicidal Intent at the corner of Third
and Kolsom streets last evening. She fell
to the sidewalk, and from there was
taken to a neighboring drugstore by
Policeman Mullen. Temporary restora
tives were applied until the arrival of the
ambulance, which took her to the Harbor
Hospital. The acid was pumped from her
stomach, and it is believed she will re
cover. She Is 25 years' of age. She would
give no reason for the attempt on her life.
The doctors say she had been drinking.
Who Owns the RobeP
Detective O'Shea is anxious to secure
an owner for a buggy robe which was
found In the possession of William Ennls
and William Connely last night. When
arrested they were trying to dispose of
It to a second-hand dealer. In the center
of the robe is a ripure of a tiger and on
the reverse side is ;i horse anil sulky.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Dec. 29.— The University
of California football team, which . de
feated the Multn-omah Club of Portland
the day after Christmas, returned from
Oregon this morning.
William P. Drum, the crack sprinter
from Berkeley, who enlisted in the United
States Volunteer Engineers, at the out
break of the war, returned home yester
day on a three months" furlough froni
Honolulu. He will rejoin his company as
soon as the furlough has expired.
How they catch hares for the
coursing 1 parks, in next Sunday's Call.
FIERCE FLAMES ARE
RAGING AT VICTORIA
The Business Portion of the City
Burning— Loss Will Be
Very Great.
VICTORIA, Dec. 30.— Victoria is
threatened with a serious conflagration.
At an early hour this mornngi a fire
broke out in the business district, and
owing to the difficulty of getting water
it made rapid headway. At 1:15 the fire
was still burning fiercely, and it looks
as if the loss would be very heavy. The
cause cannot be ascertained, and great
excitement prevails.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
W Wright, Sacto G X Ktder & w, Saoto
Miss M Mayberry. Nev N L Campbell, Stktn
Miss R Mayberry, Nev J A Whitman. Or
H J Edwards, S Jose E M Johnson. Seattle
V Cavln, Napa E L Gibbons & w, Cal
W L Perrott. Cal A Schneider & w. Ala
H Howard. Cal M II Hamilton.. Cal
Mrs J S Reed. Uklah S B Gordon. Salinas
W W Dole. Cal B H Shoeman, Napa
G W Boschke. Nev J W Hamor & w, Colo
W A Jones, Denver R Crone, Carson
R Smith. Los Alamitos C P Maltman. Cal
M H Hoyt. Oakland |C H Meeker. Portland
J B Cooley. Cloverdale B M Lelong. Sacto
F M Martin. Stockton H C Bell. Sacto
H P Baker. Fresno jA C Douglas, Penryn
J M Fowler & w. Lod: W C Conroy. Auburn
W Wltherby cfc w, EngiW E Price. Auburn
J C Bteele, Trinity Ctr J E Harper, Augurn
O Benlow, Yreka E C Hopkins. Sacto .
J H Hunt. Cal D Cotm. El Rio
H T Epperson, Ch'co L J Evans, Napa
C M Hatrley, Vacaville Miss Montgomery, Cal
R C naic. Bakersfleld S Johnson, Cal
J M Armstrong & w, ILFKInnel. Columbus
San Jo?e |R J King. Hanford
O G Freeman. Benicia;E W King, Uklah
G W Francis & f, L A C A Hayes, San Jose
PALACE HOTEL.
H M Tracy. Phila W W Heillman. Wash
J B Holland. Phlla Mrs J West. Rosslyn
J M Wagner, Pa AT Eagar. Nevada
J C Truax. Boston R J Hanenkamp Jr &
R R Colgato, N V w, Virginia City
P Clagstone. NY J B BuKhnell. L" Ang
F Spencer & w, Portld S H Well. N V
J Mori. Toklo Mrs Weil, N V
S Teduska, Toklo W Pennlnger, Reno
H Yakamakl. Toklo C J Brooking, Reno
G Katuski, Tokio L S Mayer, Seattle
S Ozakazi, Toklo Mrs Mayer, Seattle
T Yoto, Toklo E H R Trenow. Mexico
T Tojlrl, Toklo Mrs T Flint. S Juan
T Ikeda, Tokio Mies Oillmore, Omaha
Dr W L Bell. U S N J P Charming. N V
Mrs D Cone, Red Bluff F L Orcutt, Sa^to
W H Hart & w. Cal E Goodall. Oakland
Mrs Williams. Berlin W M Sheldon, L Ang
G M Wilcox, NY M Sheldon. City ot Mcx
M Rosenshlne, NY A Searl, L Ang
>"■ Kadderley, Portland I Mrs Searl. L Ang
A Gallagher, Portland'M Barber. L Ang
Oppenheimer. N V 1
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P H Moll, Sacto J Donovan, Nebr
A Williams. Stockton B Donovan, Nebr
P J White. Ariz W H Potts, Napa
A F Copeland & w.NY J D Stuart, Chgrj i
J A King, Ogden P Mathews, Fresno
J Williamson, Or J L Ross. Tacoma
E A Cone. Or IF Smith. Or
R E Howard & w. NevlD L Bailey, L Ang
J A Webb. San Jose J Jefferson. San Jose
C Hand, Nevada
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, December 29.
Stmr Cook Bay, Gielow,. — hoars from New
port and way ports.
Sehr Del Norte, Jacobson, 6 days from Co
fjullle River.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
ROTTERDAM-Sailed Dec 29— Stmr Rotter
dam, for New York.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Deo 28— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm 11. from New York.
GENOA— Sailed Dec 2S— Stmr Ems. for New
York,
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Dec 2S— Stmr Majes
tic, for New York.
GLASGOW— Arrived Dec 29— Stmr Ethiopia,
from New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived Deo 28— Stmr Ariiona,
from New York.
6AN FRAINCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In tha year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. -
T., Masonic Temple, Post and Mont- < fEH*
gomery sts.— Regular assembly THIS y^
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Ml
All fraters are cordially Invited.
SIR JOHN P. FRASER. Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder. ■ •.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 16«. F. and A. ■ •
M.— Special meeting FRIDAY. Decem- _
ber SOth, at 1:30 p. in., for the TC2T
purpose of conducting the funeral of/V i
our deceased brother. THOMAS McCAFFREY.
Friends are respectfully invited. By order
of the Master.
THEO. K. SMITH. Secretary.
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15. 1. «*&*!«&«*.
O. 0 F.— Members are requested :§»SjESKC
to assemble at Masonic Temple, :^^sS^^?
corner Montgomery and Post sts., / w»W'
on FRIDAY, December 30th. at 1:30 p. m., to
attend the funeral of our late brother, T. J.
McCaffrey.
H. F. NEUNABER, Noble Grand. .
ANNUAL MEETING— is hereby given
that the tenth annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the San Francisco and Oakland
Mutual Loan Association will be held at the
office of the corporation, 518 Montgomery st.,
corner of Commercial. San Francisco, on
WEDNESDAY, January 4th. 1599, ■at 7:30
o'clock p. m., for the purpose
of electing directors for the ensuing year,
• presentation of the tenth annual report. and
the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting.
Books are now open for subscription to
1000 shares of stock «♦ the eleventh series;
loans made in San Francisco and Alameda
Counties only; Interest 6 per cent per an-
num, free of mortgage taxes; premium 20
per cent gross, or 60 cents per share In-
stallments, at pleasure of- borrower, which
amounts to $12 50 per month for each $1000
net cash received by the borrower; this sum
paying both principal and Interest; loans
may be repaid at arty time desired. By or-
der of the Board of- Directors.
THOMAS J. WELSH. President
A. SBARBORO, Secretary.
SPRING Valley Water Works. San Francisco.
December 2S, 1398.— The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Spring Valley Water
Works will be held at the office of the
company. 126 Stockton St., San Francisco,
California, at 12 o'clock noon on WEDNES-
DAY, the 11th day of January. 1599. to elect
trustees to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business
as may come before the meeting.
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by the hydraulic
process from Rocco Mollnari in the Humbug
Gulch Mint-, near Volcano. Amador Co to
deposit tailings in Humbug Gulch; from J B
Meek, in the Grizzly Hill Mine, near Vol-
cano. Amador Co.. to deposit tailings in Mis-
ery Creek; from Lewis Emery Jr. in the
Emory Placer Mln». near Mountain Rnnch
Calnveras Co., to deposit tailings In Murray
Creek, and from Archie Newell, in the Newell
Claim, near Oleta, Amador Co.. to deposit
tailinss In Deadman Creek, fives notice that
a meeting will be held at room 59 Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal., on January 9,
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold
ers of the Sumdum Chief Mining Comcanv
will be held at the office of the comuanv
room 3, Hobart building, r.32 Market st Sari
Francisco, Cal., on FRIDAY, the 6th day of
January. ISW>. at the lmur of 2 o'clock p in
for the purpose of electing a board of at"
rectors to serve during the ensuing year and
the transaction of such other business "aa may
come tefor- the meeting.
j SQ. STEVBKSON. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' Meetlng-The annual meet-
Ing of «he stockholders of the California Drv-
dock Company will be held at the office f,f
the company. No. 302 California street San
Francisco, California, on MONDAY Tanuarv
S, }m. at 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
electing a Board of Directors to serve for the
enMiing yr-nr. and for the transaction of such
other business as may properly oome before
the .meeting. \V . F. RTSSF.LL Secretary
Office No. 302 California street, room 3
San Francisco. Cal., Dec. 24. I8»s.
THE annual meeting of the .stockholders ot
THE NEVADA NATIONAL HANK OF SAN
FRANCISCO. Cal.. will beheld at its ' ba£«-
Ing house. No. 301 Montgomery st.. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. on TUESDAY. January 10 189»
at T-.15 o'clock p. m.. for the election of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and th«
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
D. B DAVIDSON. Secretary.
Ban Francisco. December !>. 183 S.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in- the United"
. States or Canada one year for $1 50. postajte
paid.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
I DIVIDEND Notice— and Loan Society.
101 Montgomery St., corner of Sutter. The
board of directors declared a dividend for the
half year ending December 31, 1898. at the rate
of four (4) per cent per annum on term de-
posits and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent
per ' anmim on ordinary deposits, free or
taxes, and payable on and after Tuesday.
January 3, 1899. Dividends not called for are
added to and bear the same rate of dividend
as the principal from and after January 1.
1599 CYRUS W. CARMAN V, Cashier.
OFFICE of The Hlbernla. Savings and Loan
Society, corner Market, McAllister and Jones
Bta., San Francisco. Dec. 8, 18 -- At a regu-
lar meeting of the board of directors of this
society, neld this day, a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three and one-half
(3V4) per cent per annum on all deposits for
I six months ending December 31. 1898, free
from all taxes, and payable on and alter
I January 1, R *% ERT x TORI secretary.
I DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Continental Build-
in- and Loan Association. No. 222 Sansome
street- For the year ending December 31.
IS9S a dividend has been declared at the rate
of 6 per cent per annum on ordinary deposit?.
7 r.er cent on term deposits, 10 per cent per
annum to class "F" stock and 12 per cent
per annum to class "A" stock, all free of
taxes WILLIAM CORBIN. Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, 18
■ Geary st.— The directors hare declared the fol-
lowing semi-annual dividends: 4 per cent
per annum on term and 3 1-3 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after January 3. 1599. ' ,^
ERNEST BRAND. Sec.
DIVIDEND -NOTICE— Th« German Savings
and Loan Society. 626 California St.— For the
half year ending December 31, IS9B. a divi-
i dend has been declared at the rate of four (4)
per cent per annum on term deposits and,
three and one-third (3. ; ? per cent per annum
on ordinary deposits, "*-.- of taxes, payable
on and after Tuesday, anuary 3, 1599. -• ■
GEORGE TOUKNI, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 88 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office, 327
Market St.. on and after Tuesday, January
3. ISSB. •
Transfer books will close on Wednesday,
December 28. Ms, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union. 632 Califor-
nia St.. corner Webb. Dividend notice—
the half year ending with the 31st of De-
cember, 1898. a dividend has been declared
at the rate per annum of four (4) per cent
on term deposits and three and one-third
(3 1-3) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes payable on and after Tuesday. Janu-
ary' 3. 1899. LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— Mutual Savings Bank of
San Francisco. 33 Post street. For the half
year ending December 31. 1898, a dividend ha*
been declared at the rate of three and six-
tenths (3.6) per cent per annum on all de-
posits, free of taxes, payable on • and after
Tuesday. January 3. 1899.
■ GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE~Pacin>" Hebrew* Orphan Asylum and"
Home Society hereby gives notice that It
has admitted Into the orphanage from July
1. 1898, to December 31. 1898. the following
named orphans and half orphans, boys and
girls, viz: Sarah Rothensteln. aged 7 years;
Hyman Rothensteln, aged 5 years; Henry
Barron. aged 8 years; Edwin Abrams. aged
6 years 2 months: Harry Benjamin, age* 6
years 9 months; Sadie Kohn, aged 10 years;
Irene Well, as;ed 5 years; 'Helen Well, aged
4 years; Abraham Danzlger. aged 11 years,
and Leo Rosenthal, aged 3 years 9 months.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery ft., rooms 9-10: tel. 5580.
SITUATIONS WANTED — FEMALE.
COMPETENT nurse, best of reference, desires
a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 31*
Sutter at.
ENGLISH willow, having buried her husband,
wants position as housekeeper: partial to
children; domesticated and refined; $30; no
trlflers. Write 29 Taylor st.
I POSITION wanted by woman to do general
housework; good cook, washer and ironer:
wages $10 to $12; city or country. • Inquire
1008 Washington st.
I COMPETENT woman, good cook and house-
j keeper, would assist with housework: kind
to children; city or country. 141 Hyde St.,
j near Turk. - ,
AMERICAN .woman wishes situation as house-
keeper or cook on ranch; best of references.
915 Minna, off Tenth.
COMPETENT cook wishes situation In pri-
vate family; would do general housework in
small family. Call 227 Hayes st.
NEAT, reliable woman wishes position as
working housekeeper: no trlflers. Address A.
W.. box 87 Call office, Oakland. .
COMPETENT woman wants to do housework
and care of children; good plain cook. 116
Lily aye.. . between Gough and Octavia sts.
EXPERIENCED laundress wants work by the
day. Call 312 Van Ness aye.
YOUNG German girl would like place In small
family to do light housework. Box 639, Call.
POSITION as nurse or companion to elderly
person or Invalid; 4 years' experience. Ad-
dress Branch. 1941 Mission st.
RESPECTABLE and reliable perron desires
situation care a child and do sewing: is first-
class seamstress; also speaks good Spanish;
no objection to wages; country or traveling;
references. . Box 284 Call office, Oakland.
SITUATION by a young lady as waitress in
hotel or restaurant; sleep home; no postals
answered. Please call at 2919 Sixteenth st.
GERMAN girl wanta a position for light
• housework. 2 Tay St., off Clay, bet. Powell
and Mason.
MANAGING housekeeper in a family ot re-
finement by a widow from the East: refer-
ence. Address till Jan. 3. Housekeeper, 1375
Eleventh aye.. East Oakland. • -~' r - '.•'■'■■,.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
. ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 SO to $*
week; convenient and respectable; frea 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken. v> ..-V-...
SITUATIONS WANTED— -MAJLE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
• help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office:
. best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 438.
HIGH School boy wishes work before and after,
school for board and room; experienced In
office work and clerking in general store;
speaks German well. Box 541, Call.
BUTCHER— Good cutter and salesman, with
good references, wants position. Address
box 538, Oakland office Call, Tenth and Broad-
way. ' ■■■! ' .;
SITUATION wanted— Work of any kind by a
fireman; best of references; steady and sober.
Address box 540, Call office.. ..v- : . ,.•-,-
SHORT order cook wishes situation in res-
taurant or coffee house; 15 years' experience;
steady and sober; married man. Address
1034 Folsom St.
COOK of many years' experience In this city
withes 'a position; good references. Box 627,
Call. ■ i * -
JAPANESE schoolboy wants place and house-
work In city. S. HIGASHI, 906 Laguna st.
WANTED— A traveling man of 15 years' expe-
rience desirous of handling a few established
lines in the brokerage business In Los An-
geles; can furnish best of references. Ad-
dress A., 218 Franklin st., Los Angeles. Cal.
SIDE line wanted -on commission by commer-
cial traveler. -.Address box 699. Call.
____^__^_^____^ : . — — 1 a «
SINGLE Engllel.man wants situation as milker
and buttermaker; understands the care of
fine stock 'and rearing calves and pigs. Ad-
dress C. HEWITT. 508 Second St.. Oakland.
.'. " HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
cTrTh AN^N^^oTTT?MPH^N^^RANT~iiS
2 more waitresses, first class, country hotel,
$25; - 3 waitresses, country hotels, $20; cham-
! bermaid, country hotel. $20, see party here 9
j a. m. ; waitress, city. $20; chambermaid, to
wait, $20; 2 restaurant waitresses, $6; 3
lunch waitresses, 68cj girl for silver. pantry.
• $20; 2 cooks, $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. . > _ . ■ ,-'
I C. R. HANSEN & CO ......104 GEARY
First-class family cook. $30; 10 cooks and
h'ouseglrls, $25; 25 girls for general house-
work. $20. an.l many young girls to assist.
' $12 to $16 > 2 second girls, $15 to $20. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. ■
j' 10 COOKS in American and German families,
! $25 and $-"i:; - French and Irish second girls.
I $20; waitress and parlor maid. $26; cook for
clergyman's house. $25; nurse, infant. $25.
and a large number of girls for cooking and
housework in city and country. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 316 Butter st. '
.COOK, $35 to $40; cook, boarding house, $30;
, second girl, $20;, nurse girl, $20; house girl.
Berkeley. $25; 8 young girls for housework.
I $15 to $20; conk, $2.".: youns girl to assist In
dining room. $18 to $20. MRS. NORTON. 313
I Sutter st. .
1 WAITRESS, private hotel, $20; waitress and
Chambermaid, $20; .waitress, mlnin? camp.
$20; 2 restaurant waitresses, $5 and $0 week;
lunch cook, $".0; laundress, institution, $20,
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
HOME with small wages for lady who can
sew and do light work. Box 704. Call office.
Oakland. •
A First-class operators Ton gents'
white shirts.- ,ROGERSON'S.*S3S Valencia.
YOUNG woman .for plain cooking and house-
work at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st". / *
! NEAT German .-girl to do • kitchen work Id
, 'bakery. 427 Larktn st. ' . .. ■ ■ .
! NURSE .girl. Apply 936 Halght st« between 1»
| and IS a. m.; reference required, v : * i' • HELP "WANTED— Continued.
GOOD middle-aged woman or girl for '-^11
housework; one in family; wages $10. 716
Franklin st.
GIRL to do general housework; plain cooking.
Apply 1701 Geary St.
WANTED— A young girl to work in restaurant.
63S Fourth st.
JjpWAITRESS wanted. 207 Second st.
GIRL for housework. 74 Pleasant, first house
_from Jones, near Clay; apply 6 to 9 p. m.
GIRL for general housework. Apply bet 9 and
12 m.. 100 McAllister st.
ELDERLY German lady wanted for housework
and mind baby; good home. IC2O Bryant st.
GIRL for general housework and help with
children: good cook. 2429 Folsom st.
TOUKQ lady who Is familiar with double en-
try books and accurate and rapid in calcula-
tions: Mate references. Address "Cash," box
f36. Call office.
GIRL for choice place; wases $25 to $10; come
at once. 12t3 i' iU k Ft., Alamed*^ .
! WANT IV- An experiencd female hand to as-
Ist at tailor Rhop. 43S deary st.
WANTED— Experienced shoe titters! 581 Mar-
ket St.; ROSENTHAL, FEDER & CO.
RELIABLE person to do housework in' small
family. 1315 gteiner st.
LEARN sewing at. KEISTER TAILORING
COLLEGE: lessons $1 per week. 426 Geary.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
'' free; ratterne. ::.c up. McDowell's. 10J Post.
NINTH, 167— Branch office of The Call; sub-
• scriptions and want ads taken.
iii;li« wanted — male]
••..MAN to run a planer and matcher, $2 25~tcT$' 50
• ••-.•. day. MURRAY; & READY, 634 and 638 Clay.
METAL' spinner; country job. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
& i COOKS. $45 and 130 and found: 5 waiters $30
m $25 and $20 and found. MURRAY & READY.
W ' and CM Clay st.
MURRAY & READY 'Phone Main ES4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY .^
6 laborers, exceptional good job $1 75 day
6 farm hande $12 50, $20 and $15 and found
25 more woodchoppers $1 50 per cord
C 4 more tie makers Be to 12c each
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
GROCERY clerk, city Job. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
AT C R. HANSEN .4 CO.'S, 'Phone Grant ISS.
Cook, country hotel, $.=«: Broiler, $. .0; kitchen
hands; 2 waiters, plain hotel. $25; second
cook, miners' boarding house, $35. C. R.
_ HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
AN experienced nurse with references, $30 ant
found: see party here this morning. C. R
.... = HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
. SHIP January 1 for Skaguay; fare $12 50. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
WANTED— German and wife for private place,
. $40: shirt ironer. $25 and found; distributer
for laundry, $25 and found: office boy; short
order cook, $35 and found; and others. Apply
_ to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
• . BLACKSMITH for dredger, $40 and board: 20
tiemakers. postmakers and men to make log-
. plrßs, tools and grub advanced ;*see boss here
R. T. WARD & CO.. 608 and 610 Clay st.
.. WAN a ED— A young man as entry clerk; must
v. ' be able to write a good quick hand, as well
•..•■. as.be quick and correct at figures; mention
. - ' age and references. Address ENTRY CLERK.
; ; ■ box 537. Call office.
F • WANTED— Honest willing man to do chores
~•• .and help around email place in country; good
home: small wages. Apply grocery store, SE.
■-. Twenty-second and Shotwell su.
'■.■ ' WASTED- 20 men and boys to sell the greatest '
". colored Japanese New. Year Horn ever in-
vented; 15 to 23 Inches long; 30c a dozen 117
Front st.
TO go to-day— 3oo pairs men's " second-hand ;
•■ shoes, me nearly new, from SOc to $1: new
•Fhoes. slightly damaged, H price. 562 Mission ,
... ', st.y pet. First and Second sts. Open Sundays.
-- TOUNO men. seamen, carpenters, blacksmiths,
• .'•''ft af > h| P g - HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
: .'.-WA,. TED— Carriage and Bign painter. For par-
■r •'; tlculars call at 2137 Dwight way, Berkeley.
• BOY to feed Gordon presses. R. R. PATTER-
••; 'SON. 429 Montgomery st.
."„': : PANTS iresser. Royal $4 Pants Co., 223 Kearny \
„■ \ St.; call 9:30; young man preferred.
"•-.•.. WANTED— A good strong boy for delivering
• ; . . in coal yard. Apply 413-15 Turk st. j
•; BOOTBLACK wanted: steady. Barber shop, '
■• 544 Clay st. ; wages $5.
■ ! j
" c,i >QD Porter v.-anted. 233 Bush st.
,' BOYS from M to 17 years of age. Apply 246
. '.• Sutter St., room 14.
J|iOOD barber wanted at the grand stand. Oak-
■ land Race Track.
'•. wanted— First class prescription
„•, I clerk; must be sober and speak English,
■ . French and German. Box 530. Call.
■•'. WANTED— Barber for country; no other shop.
Apply 2034 East street.
f NOTICE, farbers— best-paying 25c shop
In city for sale. STOLTZ. 630 Market st.
.; STRONG boy to drive butcher wagon and
*» . work around market. KEEPEN & CO.,
Ocean View.
'■'.;: WANTED— Stonecutters. Apply at work, Co-
!usa Junction, Cal.
•' MEN and women to take work home; good
;:; ' wages; no experience. 136 Sixth st., room 2.
"'•^WANTED— Barber to buy good 2-chalr shop;
. " . bargain. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st
:.' RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma- j
• . "'fine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied, ■
;•' unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States, i
. ' or those who have legally declared their in- j
tention to become such; must be of good char-
■ .". ' acter and habits and able to speak, read and ■
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 inches
••-■ and I feet in height. For further Information
.. • --apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis St., ,
" '•■ ■ San Francisco, Cal. j
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples !
. • -.and advertise California Orange Syrup; $2
• - per day and expenses; cash every week; par- j
■•■••• .tlculars for 2-cent stamp. CALIFORNIA
••„ -.ORANGE SYRUP CO., San Francisco, Cal.
'■ -WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
'. ■•" that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still j
••.■'. runs Denver House. 217 Third at.; 150 large
•. ''.-irooms, 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
•' • FINISHER at 22 Clay st. MYSELL-ROLLINS
■..■'. CO., bookbinders.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free nmploy-
.. rh't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7*.h; tel. Jessie 1164.
• ANTED— At Montana House. 764Vt Mission I
St.. men to take rooms; 10c, 16c and 25c per
,-" ■ night; COc. We and $1 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms. 1542
Market St. ' j
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. !3S's Eighth st.
.BARBERS' Association Free Employment
- . Office. S. FUCHS. Bee, 325 Grant aye.
TRY Llndell House. Sixth and Howard rts.;
thoroughly renovated: 200 rms.; 16c. 25c night.
I SINGLE room*. 15c, 20c, 2."c per night: TSc. $1
» to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House, 863V4 Market St.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knot Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
. '. LANE'S. 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
SINGLE furnished. *ne. large, sunny and airy
•"• room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
. TRY Acme House, 5. .7 Market St., below Sixth.
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week. ■-»
WIN*'TIFPTER Hmiw. 44 third Ft., near Mar-
ket; 200 mom*. 25e night; reading-room: free |
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CITEAPF.PT and besf in America— Weekly j
Call Per/ to ivnv address In the United
Ft»t»« --.ptt.nH. for $1 50 a year.
\»;i\TS WANTED.
PORTRAIT agents everywhere: quit "crayon."
try washable enamellne*: no glass; don't 1
rub: cheap; particulars. Family Portrait Co..
Chicago. -....■„_ :
WAXTEn^TMISCELLA.VEOUS.
TRADE Fhotrun for bike. Address W. 1
HODGES, 717 .Tonps.
LOST. ~
LOST— Tuesday evening, between Valencia st.
and Prospect aye., .black *iik muffler. Re-
turn to restaurant 15S1 Valencia et. ; receive |
reward. |
PUO dog; answers to name of Pug; liberal re-
ward If returned to 1475 Sacramento st.
vovsn.
FOUND— Greyhound; owner can have same by
proving property. 14 Leaven worth st.
< ■ VUPET CLEAM.XG. "
k cm£ Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans, '
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. MgT.,
ti and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 260. •
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work .
send . to SPAULDING'S Pioneer , Carpet- |
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c. ]
■•.TT"N'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944. .
1 J E "MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th 1
I Et. : .cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.-
[ COXKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 233 "Golden j |
■if 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
; ! \" s Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden j |
I Gate aye.. tel. East 126. .. -■. -
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.; 1
tel. Main 39*. GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor. ;
> . -■
uc'SIKESS CHANCES.
$1250— CORNER grocery and bar, Western Ad-
ditlon; rent. sBo; good business;, actual value
$1500; must be sold In 3 days; make offer'
bargain. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market.
$300— SALOON and restaurant close t) S. p"
depot; a splendid paying business: rent $20!
Inquire WILKE & UNFUG.. 906 Market. ;
A— s2so; LAUNDRY route clearing $125 month
Call WILKE & UNFUG. m i Market st.
STORE, saloon and boarding house privilege
for two of the best mines in Sisklyou County.
-°ii r i !."#. c Xl & c , year : rent of buildings free.
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st
FOR RENT— Store and basement on Eighth st.
1 block from Market; rent $35; suitable for
butcher shop. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Mar-
Kt't Bt. y
A— ssoo; SALOON; established 8 years, with 8
rooms; rent $66; close to Call building; aver-
age dally receipts $20; owner bought hotel in
C niento: bargain. WILKE & UNFUG,
906 Market st.
A,T$O:A ,T $ 0 : SALOON on Third st., 1 block from
tail building; club and private rooms; a bar-
gain. WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market at.
A— sl2oo; DRUG store; rent $26; across the bay;
no opposition; well paying; a splendid open-
Ing for a first-class druggist. Particulars
__WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A-$1000; CORNER grocery and bar; established
years; doing good-paying business; death of
owner cause of sale; 4 living rooms; rent $4&.
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market «t.
A— S7OO— DELICACY and grocery store on El-
lit st.: 5 living rooms; rent $25; doing- a good
paying business: owner to leave for New
York. WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
I KREDO & CO.. 22V4 Geary st.
I $4500— store; $40 daily; nothing better.
j — Florist; big funeral trade.
$200— Branch bakery; $10 dally.
For particulars of above call on KREDO.
A— s26o; CORNER saloon, 2 card rooms; $20
daily; a snap. KREDO & CO., 22H Geary st.
NOTICE— To buy or sell a business of any
kind see MENZEL & CO., 7 Grant aye.
$250— DELICATESSEN store; good location:
pays well; living rooms connected; good rea-
son for selling. MENZEL & CO., 7 Grant aye.
$90— SALOON, good stock of liquors and cigars;
offer wanted to-day. MENZEL, 7 Grant aye.
$SoO— SALOON, board and lodging house on
city front: bargain on account of sickness.
McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market street.
$1100— HOTEL: water front; splendid bargain.
$100 Branch bakery and delicatessen. BLJf
$125 — Fruit, fish, vegetables and poultry.
JONES. 865 Market st.
$350 WILL buy a candy and ice cream parlor
nciely fitted up and centrally located in the
best candy town in the State. Address B.
WILLSON, San Jose, Cal.
A — $400; PARTNER wanted: light business;
established 8 years: $1S to $30 a week each:
no experience required; trial given. West-
ern Investment Co., 9 Geary
FAMILY liquor store and bar; centrally lo-
cated: paying investment for good business
man. WICHMAN, LUTGEN & CO.. 318 Clay.
A— SISO— PARTNER wanted in established of-
fice business: will clear $75 a month to each.
MOON & CO., lOCS'* Market st.
$175— GREAT bargain; branch bakery; vege-
I table, fruit business. BASILE. 873>/4 Market.
; CHANCE seldom offered for best-located lodg-
ing house in town; 35 rooms; cheap rent;
first class, steady and transient trade; a
I great bargain to make immediate sale on ac-
I count of sickness in family; half cash If nec-
I essary. Apply premises, 110 Ellis, nr. Powell.
I DON'T miss this opportunity: hotel, lot and
furniture; must be sold at once. Call at 256
Third St., and make offer.
$350— SALOON; 1 block from Th« Call; with 8
rooms; sell cheap on account of sickness.
! Call at 6774 Mission st.
WELL located millinery store In thriving town
of 2000; doing cash business; rare bargain.
Apply Call office.
; BARBERS notice— First-lass shop for sale.
Inquire 802 Clay st.
CIGAR stand and news agency; clears $10
per week. 304 Fourth st. .
; $300— BARGAIN: business earning from $4 to
j $10 per day. Particulars box 542, Call.
I $200— PARTNER wanted in successful growing
business. Call 211 Examiner bldg., bet. 11 &12.
i FOR sale— Barber shop; fine chance. Inquire
L. TROST, 616 Clay st.
FINE little saloon; must sell, accourt of leav-
ing city. 306 Minna st.
i A FIRST class barber shop for sale. Inqulro
at 12 Geary street.
1 PARTY to join me to buy placer claim, Klon- I
dike district; part cash down, bal. when
taken out: owner embarrassed on account of
business troubles. Box 600, Call office.
PARTNER with some means by expert wine
man for opening neat, respectable wine
room with family trade. Box 518, Call office.
BUTCHER business for sale or exchange for
ranch property; good business: well
equipped. Address P. O. box 563, Modesto, Cal
GOOD 2-chalr barber shop: near water front:
low rent; owner retiring from business. See
STOLTZ, 630 Market st. f . "
CHANCE of a lifetime; established business:
Market Ft., near Kearny; principals only.
Address Box 526. Call office.
GOOD paying saloon for sale; open all night.
Inquire liquor store, 791 and 795 Mission st
FOR sale — Barber shop 1 chair; good business;
cheap. 911 Kearny st.
RESTAURANT for sale at once on account of
sickness. Inquire 1212 Vi Polk st.
$90 FINE cigar stand, news agency and laun-
dry office: cheap rent. 304 Fourth st. .Jgjt^g
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 197-109
H'-ale st. MASK
WITH $500 you can easily get rich ■ manu-
facturing. Address box 595. Call office. .
WANTED— A good restaurant man to take
charge of first-class restaurant In connection
with a hotel; good-paying business: French-
man preferred. Address box 607, Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento St.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
110-room corner house $6500
14-room house; only 600 1
26-room house; rent $50 750 !
6-room flat; rent $22 250
14 rooms; on Sutter st 450
22 rooms; reduced from $5000 t0.... 2500
12 rooms: on Market St.; rent $40 450
10-room house: only ." 150
21 rooms: corner; clears $150 65ft
46-room house; corner 1200
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
Abstracts furnished showing clear title.
No contract from buyer or seller required.
■ H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO 22V4 Geary street
Money Advanced on All Houses.
10 rooms; elegant; clears $50 $325 1
12 rooms; Ellis St.: always full 500
And others.. Call and get list. KREDO.
A— s32o: 10 rooms, nicely furnished: Taylor st.,
nr. Gear}'; rent only $35. KREDO & CO.
A— s4ooo: 240 rooms; guaranteed to clear $350
per month: trial given. KREDO & CO.
— $150: ".-room flat, south of Market: free rent
and light KREDO & CO.. 22^4 Geary.
BARGAIN: lodging house; new futnlture:
clearing $250 a month. LOWENSTEIN. 34
Kearny ft., rooms 10-11.
$550; ELEGANTLY , furnished sunny corner
house. 10 rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
MO Ellis.
NEWLY furnished house of 7 rooms, all rented:
cheap for cash. 3?3 Tavlor nt. '
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc«
INTOSH & WOLPM AN. 195-197 Fremont at.
FOR SALE— 2 houses to be removed corner
Polk and Willow aye.; 1 8 rooms and bath: 1
6 rooms and bath. O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
22 Montgomery st.
1100 SECOND-HAND opera chairs to be sold at
a bargain; all chairs in first-class condition.
Address HARRY GATES, Music and Drama,
San Francisco. '■ ■
BICYCLE —New gent's '98 model, best make;
cost $75: price $22 50: cash. Box 633, Call.
GROCERY and bar for sale cheap. '■ 117 Second
street, corner Minna. .
FIRE proof cafe for sale; cheap. 42 Main
street. •
$16— DOMESTIC sewing machine; good order;
complete. 1915 Mission, near 16th.
FRESH milch cow for «ale. 1625 San Bruno
road. ■ . - ■ '
FINE thorough-bred Great Dane pups; 6
weeks old: full pedigree given. 216% 6th st.
BARS, back bar*, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
• above Sixth. ■ , - . .
a c II p gasoline marine engine: almost new;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission st. "
TOOLS & machinery, every description, bought,
sold & exchanged; send postal. 648 Mission.
SAFES— Hermann Saf« Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento st. ■
J 11 • POOL; ' houee-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, 8. F.
BIX horsepower Zenith gas engine: nearly new.
r Cal Belt Co.. 819 Mission: . t«l. ■ Br. 331. ; ;
ONE and 2 bowl barber wash stands, cheap.
HUFSCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate avo. ,
THE SAN FBAISr CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1898.
. " PERSONALS.' ■
! WILL, the party who. sent a letter to The Call
kindly visit the editorial rooms, 217 Stevenson
■t., this (Friday) evening at 6 o'clock- and ask
for the City Editor? . ,;.', .-•..■ . ■
WAVE motor, the most scientific and practi-
cal one ever patented, -can be seen In full
■ working order for a few days at 523 Mission
St.; patent rights for the United States, Brit-
ish North America- and Germany; this Is a
rare chance for a few men with a little capi-
tal to Invest In a company that will harness
the waves for work, the power at the future;
I WIDOW with nice, home would, take woman
In confinement or Invalid man or woman;
good home and good care. Address MRS. H.
GOODHEART, FruKvale, Cal. -
JOSEPH GREVEN, .vocal Instructor, has
proved that by his recent discoveries he can
cure the weakest, faultiest voices and develop
them to the greatest power and beauty; con-
sultation of 20 minutes, $2 60; terms per
■month moderate. For further particulars call
rooms 121 and 122, Murphy • building, corner
Market and Jones sts. ; reception 'hours,
Wednesdays and . Saturdays, 2 to 2.
PICTURE framing with glass, now cheaper
than ever; 7x9 inches, 10c; 10x12,. 13c; 12x16,
20c; 14x17. 25c; 16x20, 30c; 18x22. 35c; 20x24, 45c;
22x28, 60c; curtain poles complete, with wood
or brass trimmings. 15c; room molding, all
colors, lc per foot; colored pictures, studies.
etc., 3 for 10c. JONES, 547 Mission .St., bet:
First and Second. Open evenings.
LEDERER' S Qulnonia is th» only hair tonic
that thoroughly cleanses the scalp; 35c ' per
bottle; try It. G. LEDERER. 128 Stockton St.
j LEDERER. the leading hairdresser, charges
but 25c for dressing the hair, any style; up-
to-date; switches $1 up; open Sunday and
Monday. 9 to 12. P. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
THE Gastronome Restaurant, formerly -the
Poodle Dog, will .remain open at the same
place as before, the kitchen being under the
direction of one of the best chefs' ln the city.
A. GAUDARD. Prop., cor. Bush and Grant.
ELECTRIC lights In every room-; Winchester
House, 44 Third st, near Market; 200 rooms;.
Xc to $1 CO per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
I free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
, CHRISTMAS — Japanese bamboo furniture;
1 all kinds to order; wholesale and retail;- coun-
I try orders. K. TOSHITANI CO.. 313 gutter.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian, 1020 Folßom.
STAMP Albums, best Christmas present .-stamps
bought. W. Sellschopp & Co., 118 Stockton st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth st, Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market et.. bet. Tth and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
LEARN dressmaking, ladles' "tailoring, mil-
linery; special offer this week; perfect fitting
patterns. McDowell School, 103 Post st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market: men and women teachers.
musical instruments.
AT^ToO^ER^IO^X^^In¥£a!ILMENTs"aND
UPWARD.
(3 60 per month rent;- new pianos.
Heine upright $295 00
Stein way upright 187 50 ■
Chlckering upright 235 00
Sohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright 275 00'
And over 20 bargains from $40 up: buy direct
| of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
136 Ellis St.. Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos' for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per. month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Fteinway dealers, corner Ktarny and Sutter
»ts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26.. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A FEW Bargains Until Christmas Only:
Sterling piano: rosewood case : $19')
Royal piano; oak case . .. 197
Miller piano, rosewood case 198
$6 per month: guaranteed 5 years.. .•'
BENJ. CURTAZ * SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
A FINE Hardman piano; little used: price
low for cash. Dewing Co., 2d floor Flood
hide., piano mfts. ; sole - agents Hardman
piano. .
THE best bargains in the city can be found
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st. Call .and see
the stock In their elegant new rooms.
WM. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento Ft., agent
for celebrated pianos of Francis Bacon of
New York and Hallet & Davis Co., Boston.
AN elegant Ptelnway upright, but little used
and In perfect order: a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Warerooms, 1818 Market Ft.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY, Sole Agent, 308 Post st.
A FINE Stelnway and new Chickering upright
sacrificed. KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ncsa aye.
ALMOST new Checkering upright; half price;
Immediate forced sale. Room 21, Flood bids;
A GOOD Fischer upright. $125 cash if sold to-
day.. Room 12, Flood building.
FINE Stelnway; great bargain. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister St.. next Hlhernia Bank.
A PIANO that will please you. the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st.
HAINES Bros.' and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone:. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrellst. - ' . ;
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. - H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber: .full pet of teeth, $5; crowns, $3: fill-
ings. 50c; teeth without plates' a specialty:
written guarantee, for ten years given on all i
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates- are ordered: consultation free. '
Modern Dental Parlors, : corner Market and
. Mason fits. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
. teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK.'. 20 O'Farrell et., ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2, bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible plates $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.. - :
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market St., corner Sixth.
FULL set of teeth. $4; fillings, 25c; 22k. gold
crowns. $3; gold .bridge, $5; plates repaired;
painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS, 969 Mission st,
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. • near
Eleventh; crowns.- bridge work and fillings a
epociaity; all work reasonable; gas given. :
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny: set of teeth
$4; filling, gold, 50c; pUver, 25c; crowns, $3.
THE Esmond dental parlors, 43 6th— Crown and
bridge work specialists; crowns $3; eat. 15 yrs.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
ALL work reasonable and warranted.- DR. J.
- W. KEY. 1320 Market St.
EDUCATIONAL.
A SINGING and operatic training school. Paris
graduate; course opens Jan. 5: term, 6 mo.,
$75; languages, Fernch and Spanish, begin
Jan.* 5; course, $3; special training during
second term for Paris Exposition, 1900. Rooms
• 6 and 20, Mercantile bldg., 530 Golden Gate ay.
HEALD'S Business College. 24- Post si.— Book- '
keeping, business practices, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
- electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed .since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; Indi-
vidual Instruction in shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, $50; low rates
. per week and month.
A LADY teaches piano & mandolin thoroughly:
50c hour; excellent pianist & accompanist for
entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavla st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mm.-
. ing, ■ mech. survey, assay, archlt. : day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
INSTRUCTION'— piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3941,24 th st.
BAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1235 Mar-
ket st. ; 400 positions secured In last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation/practically
taught; short time. Tarr. 672 Parrott bldg.
_ . 5; "jjf _-__,'w« > _ i _'_fi_M. ~~
All typewriters sold and ■ rented, few partly
used for sale cheap: send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND. $25: Callgraph, $16: Yost, $25;
get sample work. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery st.
"~~~~" . '■ PHYSICIANS^ ■
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. offlc*
and residence. 10214 Market, bet. 6th and 7th,
~~~ .; ■ STORAGE. ■-■■^■^
fiEßCE^ODOhPH^Btoragt "and MovUijT CaT
£>f nee 401 Pest at., cor. Powell; tel. Mala Hit
HOUSES TO LET.
Send, for circular; houses to let all parts of
. city. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
PERRY. 21214— Bay-window house. 4 rooms;
rent $12 50; water free. Apply to .G. H.
UMBSEN & CO., Incorporated. »
I WE caff rent you a .house with or without a
1' • flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
! gomery st. :__
12-ROOM house; fine for renting rooms. 29 Oak
St., near Market. Apply at 15 Grant aye.
$10— HOUSE of 4 rooms; large barn; big yard.
Cor. Seventh aye. and Lake st. . ■
j $32 60— ROOMS, new house; laid out for rent-
■ ■■ Ing rooms. 3505 Twentieth, St.. nr. Mission.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ELLIS, 1519 4 rooms, yard and cellar, $14;
2253 Geary, 6 rooms, bath, $12.
403 LAUREL st., modern cottage six rooms
and bath: rent reasonable. Apply MADISON
*: BURKE. . 626 Market st. ■
COTTAGE, 6 sunny rooms; chicken house,
barn; cheap. 521 Thirtieth st., above Noe. ,
FLATS TO LET.
CHEAPEST flat in the city, 1220 A. Leavenworth
8t..; 6 rooms and bath. MADISON ■&. BURKE.
MODERN lower flat, 6 rooms and bath; large j
basement: rent reasonable; 3316 Sacramento
St. MADISON & BURKE.
RENT reduced $12; 536 A Sixth st; lovely flat;
•4 rooms; hall; folding doors; mantel; large,
yard; rear entrance. ■ . . ]
$16 AND $13; modern double bay-window flats,
6 and 1 rooms; 15 Henry st, between Sanchez
and Noe. $12; bay-window flat; 4 rooms, 375>5
Seventeenth st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
• ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
I A SUITE of 2 large nice sunny front rooms,
complete for housekeeping: kitchen and bed
room; furniture all new; $2 per week, $8 per
month; no children. Apply at shoe store, 562 i
Mission St., bet. First and Second sts.
I A LARGE room, complete for housekeeping;
$125 per wk. ; no children. Apply at shoe
• store, s62 Mission St., First and Second sts.
'A — RENT ' free in good house .to respectable
couple in return for some services; give par-
ticulars. Address box 522, Call office.
BRYANT, Ell— 2 large sunny housekeeping
rooms; running water; rent reasonable.
CLEMENTINA, 707—2 nice rooms for house-
keeping; laundry and bath; reasonable. , .
EDDY, — Very desirable connecting house-
keeping rooms; no children; private residence.
ERIE. 47—2 neat, cozy housekeeping rooms, $9.
FIFTH, — Large sunny front bedroom and
I kitchen ;grate; sink; water; bath; private; $11.
FIFTH, 392— Complete housekeeping rooms in
private family; rent from $1 up.
FIFTH, 353— Clean furnished housekeeping; 3
rooms, $12;. a150 single, $5, $3 and $2.
FOLSOM, 1136 — 3 sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping; rent $12 50.
GROVE, Furnished room suitable for light
housekeeping.
•GROVE, 202. corner Van Ness aye.— of 3
• tunny unfurnished rooms, with gas range.
HARRIET. Two furnished housekeeping
rooms; cheap.
HARRISON, 731—3 rooms, furnished completely
for housekeeping; large yard; rent $13.
HOWARD, Newly furnished sunny front
room, $6 per month; private family.
: JESSIE. 812, off Ninth— 2 sunny rooms; light
* housekeeping; rent $5. Apply. 29 Ninth St.
JONES, 2056 — Two sunny . front unfurnished
rooms, bath, laundry; $8.
! LARKIN, Large sunny front furnished, $8;
larsre back room, furnished, $6 60; 2 house-
i I keeping rooms, $11.
j LEWIS, IS. off Taylor, near Poßt— 2 rooms and
kitchen, unfurnished, $11.
MARKET, Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed; closet; $12.
MINNA, 322 — Housekeeping • rooms, complete;
, suites of rooms with grates In.
MISSION, £68, near Dth— Suit of 2 nice sunny
housekeeping rooms; pleasant and cheap.
MISSION, 1729^. near Thirteenth— Housekeep^
Ing room with folding bed; stove; bath; laun-
! dry; $6« . .
• NATOMA, 81. near Sunny front rooms for
housekeeping; also single room, $1 per week
up; quiet respectable place. *.
OAK. 119—1 sunny front room complete for
light housekeeping; $5.
RUSS, 116, off Howard; near Sixth— Double
• parlor and kitchen unfurnished.
SCOTT, 1614— floor of 3 unfurnished
rooms: bath; garden; $16; .adults only.
SHIPLEY, 259—4 housekeeping rooms, $6; fur-
• nished, $8; no children: no dogs.
SIXTH. 216H— Sunny front rooms for light
housekeeping; also back rooms; reasonable.
SOUTH- PARK, 184—2 sunny rooms, nicely
furnished for housekeeping; r ■♦, $10.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367, near Mission— large
front sunny housekeeping rooms furnished
complete; $10.
VAN NESS, 43— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
also corner rooms suitable for dentist.
VERONA place, 24, bet. -Harrison and Folsom.
cor. of Third— Furnished rooms, housekeeping.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
BURNETT, 1361 Market Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single also, unfurnished.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
BOHEMIA, 239 Elegant corner sunny
■ suites and single rooms to families and gen-
• tlemen; all conveniences; elevator, etc.; rea-
sonable.
BRUNSWICK— I4B. Sixth St.. corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single, 25c to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night; Howard-st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
BUSH, 629— Neatly furnished front room; very
reasonable. • . ■ .
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 20— 7 nicely furnished sunny double
rooms; 7 upward; bath; gas. •
EDDY, 118 — Sunny pleasant .furnished rooms;
central; very desirable; $6 per month upward.
EDDY, 468— Nicely furnished single rooms; $6
up; private.
EDDY, 926 — Furnished rooms; sunny,' nicely
furnished; rent reasonable; . also for house-
keeping. • . ' . .
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— Nice sunny suites'
& sing.. $1 60, $6 wk.; 50c. $1 day; tel. 81. 1364.
ELLIS. 640 — Sunny cor. house; nicely furnished
• rooms; light hskpg if desired; gas; bath.
FIFTH, 438 (Mechanics' House)— Rooms, single
or suite, $1 wk. up; transient. F. W. Gardener.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— Furnished rooms;
$1 per week-. . ...
GOLDEN GATE. ' 402— Sunny front bay-window
suite; bath, grate, etc.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 527— Sunny room; rent
reasonable. ,- ■ ■ ' - ■■ . • -.'
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week. ■
HASKELL, The, 121 Powell— New management;
cheap, neat,, light sunny rooms; transient.
LARKIN, 613—2 or 3 neatly furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; $15 upward.
LEAVENWORTH, 418— Sunny alcove suite;
also small room; terms reasonable.
MISSION, 933 (Mint Bouse)— Nice sunny fur-
nished rooms; transient; new house; central.
MISSION, 1220— Sunny front alcove room, grate;
1 for light housekeeping; running water.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
PIEDMONT House,. U9A 6th— Nicely furnished
sunny front rooms: double, single; first-class,
PINE, . 514 A. near Kearny — Nicely furnished
Bunny rooms; single or en suite; moderate.
PINE, 1006; the Victor — Beautiful, sunny
suites; single rooms, excellent board; ref,
POWELL, Fomerly "Cosmos Club"—
gantly furnished rooms: reasonable.
SEVENTH, 179— New house, newly furnished;
_ modern, sunny; single or suite; $6 to $20 mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished. (
STEVENSON, 641, bet. 7th and Bth— Large fur-
nished sunny front room; grate; light house-
keeping if desired; bath; central.
SUTTER, 1111— Clean and comfortably fur-
nished rooms; single and en suite; reasonable.
TURK. 126 — Furnished rooms -for man and
wife; also single room for gentleman.
TURK, 529— Large unfurnished alcove room; 2
• closets: running. water; also front parlor. , .
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; : repaired, bought, sold; :
j machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; !
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth at.
-j\ ROOMS AND BOARD.
FELL. 26—2 nicely furnished sunny rooms, with
board; reasonable; gas; gents preferred.
FIRST. 41S— Swedish private -boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL .Fairm-ount. 1714 Market— Blecant new
furniture; first class iri every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water: elevator;
suites, with board for 2, $50 a month up.
HOWARD, 2606 — Large sunny rm., grate, large
closet, with board for 2, $35 r one, $23.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant eunny rooms; ex-
cellent board; special rates for 2 or more.
SUTTER, 1128— Elegant room and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed; reasonable.
VAN NESS aye.. 519— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms; first-class table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED— A child to board; nice home; one
block from school; mother's care; reasonable.
1414 Twenty-first aye.. East Oakland.
OFFICES TO LB'^
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $ao. ASHTON & GARDNER, room «0.
MONTGOMERY aye.. 116— Large, sunny bay
window rooms; suitable for doctor: cheap.
A SUNNY corner, suitable for offices; single
or suite. 1206 Market, corner Golden Gate.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk st.. has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cauFe; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will find
her a true friend: home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER, BID Eddy St., between
Hyde anil Larkin.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fail;
travelers helped without delay; home in con-
finement; skillful medical attention: all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable BtK?clallF*= free and confidential. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 208 Turk st., near Jones.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in- time It also acts aa a pre-
ventive: price $1 50 per box. sent free by mail
on receipt of price; consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23 Grant
aye., S. F. A caution— Before purchasing
elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female troubles; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; safe and
sure; no medicine or instruments used; con-
sultation free: pills and capsules, $1; cure $5.
By the well-known ladies' physician for 27
years. Call and see me for a safe cura. DR.
POPPER. 318 Kearny st. j
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all j
casr<s of monthly Irregularities from whatever I
cause; no instruments used: guaranteed cure
at office, $6; travelers helped Instantly; hours
8 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1123
Market st.. bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS— LadIes in trouble see D-ra. Good-
win free; reliable, safe and sure; cure In 24
hours guaranteed: any complaints: no instru-
ments; maternity home; beat medical at-
tendance; cure, $5. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 1362 A Mkt.liet. Jones & City Hall ay.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned spe- j
ciallEt; all monthly irregularities restored; I
whatever cause: all cases relieved immediate-
ly; call or write; confidential. 1023H Market.
ALLmarried ladies know "Seguro." the greatest
tv... n to them. RICHARDS & C 0. .406 Clay St.;
$1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO., 531 X st., Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS.. WEGENER. ISI2 Golden Gate
aye.; private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care nnd attendance: terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50:
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 156 Second st. ; tel. Green 52.
Bellevue Sanitarium— Ladies cared for during
confinement. 727 Bellevue aye.. Los Angeles.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 844-846 Market St.: tel. Main 1634.
LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co.. 1003 ! i Broadway,
Oakland. Hours. 10 to 3.
ON furniture; pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission ; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount of 64 per cent on real estate. 2d
find 3d mortfrages. estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
$3000 IN sums to suit: reliable parties. 120 Ellis
st., room 4. until January 1.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason Bt., opp. Olympia Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister St.
SECOND mortgage* and undivided interests In
estates a speclnlty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,0(10; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 4T3 Montgomery- st.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— SIOOO. for 1 year, on rota; good se-
curlty. Box 523, Call.
FINANCIAL.
NOTKS discounted; loans negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 32$ Montgomery.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS
FOR
PAPER FOR THE PUBLIC PRINTING
AND BINDING.
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received un- j
til January 12, 1899, at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. !
for furnishing the PAPER for the PUBLIC
PRINTING and BINDING for the year end-
ing 28th of February, 1900, the said proposals
to be opened before and the award of con-
tracts to be made by the Joint Committee
of Congress on Public Printing to the lowest
and best bidder for the Interest of the Gov-
ernment, the committee reserving to itself
the right to reject any and all bids, as its
Judgment of the best Interests of the Gov-
ernment may dictate.-
Detailed schedules of the description,
quantity and quality of the paper required,
accompanied by samples and blank proposals,
and giving, the regulations with which bid-
ders must comply, can be obtained by ad-
dressing F. W. Palmer, Public Printer,
Washington, D. C.
The contracts will be entered into for sup-
plying such quantities of paper as may be
needed during the year, and no more.
The estimated quantities set forth In. detail
In the schedule comprise:
65.000 reams machine-finish printing paper
24x38.
16,000 reams machine-finish printing paper,
38x48.
32.000 reams sized and super-calendared
white or tinted printing paper, various sizes.
28.500 reams white writing paper, various
sizes and weights.
2800 reams colored writing paper, various
Blzes and weights.
2000 reams cover paper, various sizes and
weights.
75.000 pounds of best plate paper.
200,000 pounds of best map paper.
250,000 pounds superfine (double) coated
book paper.
3600 reams manlla paper, various sizes and
weights.
100,000 pounds glazed bond paper.
20,000 pounds artificial parchment, various
sizes
8000 pounds parchment deed.
110,000 sheets cardboard, various colors,
sizes and weights.
2,600,000 sheet? Bristol board, various colors,
sizes and weights.
73t0 reams first-class ledger paper, white
or blue," laid or wove, various sizes and
weights.
9000 reams second-class ledger paper, white
or blue, laid or wove, various sizes and
■weights.
3700 reams tissue and copying paper.
35 reams blotting paper, any required color
and weight.
lf.o reams tar paper, 24x36.
345 reams laid, marble and comb paper,
various sizes.
350 reams typewriter paper, various sizes
and weights.
865 reams cap, letter and note paper.
10(1 reams white French folio, 17x22.
2000 sheets parchment, 15x21.
Proposals will be received for one thou-
sand reams or more.
By direction of the Joint Committee of
Congress on Public Printing.
F. W. PALMER,
Public Printer.
Washington, P. C. December 23. IS9B.
HORSES.
80 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Salesyards, 220 Valencia St., bet Thirteenth
and Fourteenth; also buggies wagons, har-
ness, etc., at your own price.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, A*tloneers.
$20— BARGAIN; fine horse, cart and harness.
18th and Folsom sts., grocery store.
I'IHMTIRI FOR SALE.
FURNITURE for 4 rooms complete for house-
keeping at 1136 Folsom St.; walnut set
■ . • ■ spiritualism.
ATTENTION! ~ • ' . -~~— '
' mrs. dr. A. D.HOWE..
The celebrated, medium and clairvoyant of all
clairvoyants, who sees It all. tells' you all and
• •Instantly gives you peace and happiness. She
never asks a question, but before you utter a
word she tells you In full of all that you are
interested In; business, speculation.: love,
marriage, divorce, tells of friends- .and ene-
mies, locates mines and burled treasures.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY - . : :
Her assistance ; is' priceless. Her- '.•Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
' rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart 'and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
. she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
All correspondence sacredly confidential.
Treatment and consultation by mall always
satisfactory and most successful. Address or
call- MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
■ -1104 -Market St.. S. F., The Vendome.
DR. M. MUEHLENBRTJCH, the prophetic seer
and psychometrist, box 118. Oakland. Cal.:
diagnoses disease by mail without symptoms
from lock of hair; 5 2-cent stamps; rock from
mines read, $2 50; life readings by mall. $2 50;
send for testimonials.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies: consult
when others fall; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
O. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance
8 p. m.. 25c. 409 Leavenworth st. .
MRS. MEN A FRANCES, independent slate
writing medium. 118 Halght st. .
MRS. KATE HOSKINS. trance medium: read-
Ings dally. $1. 322 S. Spring St., Los Angeles.
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all: Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m •
Mon. 8; 25c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
___■ CLAIRVOYANTS.
▲— MRS. DR. .F. CLARK.
Permanently Located In San Francisco,
At 1023tf Market Street.
Between Sixth and Seventh.
While entranced gives aid and advice which
will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
with the one you love no failure, remove Influ-
ence, bad habits, cures witchery, fits and long-
standing and mysterious diseases; will give cor-
rect Information on law suits, sickness, death,
divorces, absent friends, etc
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed bymalL
Send stamp for circular, with special terms,
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 1043* Market st.
RETURNED— Mrs. Mandena, medium and
palmist; readings this week, 25 cents; satis-
j faction guaranteed. 234H Sixth at.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE, card reading.
417 Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th, rra. 10.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; 10c; ladles only
543 Natoma St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MADAME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader,
palmist; truth or no pay; 25c. 1150 Mission.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1169 Mission, nf. Bth.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fesslon, has removed to 218 Stockton st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— Country home of F. S. Wensln-
ger; 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises. Freestone. Sonoma Co.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE. ~
EQUITY of $5000 in city residence exchanged
for unlncumbered country home; give full
particulars. Box 532. Call office.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALR.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL^
HAAS' old store, 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
' ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
HOUSES built to order at your own prices and
on your own terms; call and see plans. J. H.
YOUNG. Builder. 1243 Park st.
BKKK^-V REAL ESTATE.
$4000— a new. modern house of 6 rooms:
furnished throughout with the latest style;
large lot; situated near electric and steam
cars- and ten minutes" walk to university;
owner must go East at once; a chance of a
lifetime. O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Center
st , Berkeley.
PLEASANT hyme of 7 rooms on improved
street, for only $2250. O. G. MAY & CO.,
2123 Center st.
RANCH of 6 acres; all improved; almost In
center of Berkeley: splendid land for wheat
and alfalfa, cows and chickens; will sell very
reasonable. O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Center
St.. Berkeley.
r- ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 • Market, cor. Stockton.
NO fee unless successful. W. P. ADAMS, rm,
607. Emma Sprockets bldg., 927 Market st.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st. ..;.■.',,?■; „
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice; open evgs. AttyMcCabe. 103 Larkin
L. S. CLARK— Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar
ket; consultation free: no fees In advance.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Nicolas Koehren and Anna M. L. Kohncke 23-2
George T. Coles and Hilda McGllvray 35-25
James J. Loggie and Annie M. V. Abbott.. 46-32
J. A. Bacogallppl and MacdalenaArmaninl.4l-38
Richard Foley and Rose Willby 22-21
George W. Lane and Margarete Connors 22-19'
M. A. Graham and Guadalupe N. Duarte. .2B-23
Antonio A. Capelll and Amelia Foppiano.. 26-21
Frank Fuller and Abble Pichet 45-52
Joseph Verdeslo and Florentina Ruff1n0... 26-19
Carlton Moss and Rosina Rush... 24-19
Bernard Labourdette and Secllle 8a5c0n.. 37-22
T. F. Lorenzen and Catherine Petersen.... 43-32
John Schaetz and Susana Raabe 27-24
Z. J. Wltten and Mary F. Parsons 34-26
BIRTBS—MARRIA&ES—
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Boitii.
GOLDNER— In this city, December 27, 1898, to
the wife of Alfred C. Goldner, a daughter.
GELDER— In Oakland, December 25. IS9S, to
the wife. of Harry Gelder, a daughter.
JANSON— In this city, December 24, IS9S, to
. the wife of William F. Janson. a daughter.
McNESBY— In this city, December 22, 1898, to
the -wife of Frank McNeaby, a daughter.
MARRIED. ~~"'
ERRETT— In Reno, New, December
29, ISSIB, by the Rev. G. H. Jones.' Fred Errett
and Mnrie Larsen, both of. San Francisco.
FULLER— In this city, December 29
IS9S, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson. D.D.
Frank Fuller and Mrs. Abble Pichet, both
of San Francisco.
HAUSER— BROWN— In this city, December 14
1898, by Judge J. E. Barry. Edwin Haussr
and Margaret B. Brown.
NICHOLL— STEWART— Rio Vista. Decem-
ber 28. IS9S. by the Rev. Charles C. Cragin,
John R. , Nicholl of Christchureh, New Zea-
land, and Gertrude Mary Stewart of Rio
Vista. Cal.
SCHARETZ— O'LEARY— 25. 1898, by
the Rev. Father Braun, Walter Scharetz and
Mary O'Leary. > ■ '
~~~ . DIED. --; . •
Burgett, Phil S. Lankenau. John
Cox (Infant) ' Leonard. , Emma C. '
Donnelly, Chester F. McCaffrey, Thomas
Dow, capt. Freeman Muller, Jean
Fleming, John K. Nathan. Babette
Gamba. Frances Nealon. John
Geraghty, John J. O'Connor. Mary A.
Gibbons, Catharine Quane, William
Goldstone, Bertha . Reilly, John . '
Harlock, Johanna Echenkel. Peter
Hutchins, Charles E. Short. Gertrude T.
Hyde, Marietta B. Smith. Dr. Edward '
Jacobsen, Freda A. Smith. Mrs.' Lottie R
, Kehoe, Bryan = Sweeny. John T. <
BURGETT— this city. December 27, IS9S
Phil S. Burgett of Crescent City, a native of
Tennessee, aged 69 years 1 month and 23 days.
COX— In this city, ■ December 29. . 1898, infant
daughter of Levitt H. and Willie L. Cox.
DONNELLY— In South San Francisco, Decem-
ber 28. 1898, Chester Francis, dearly ' beloved
son of Frank R. and Henrietta Donnelly, and
grandson of Mr. and Mrs. F. Siemer, a na
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 month and I
days.
E?The funeral will take place this day
IFriday), at U o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 1437 Seventh avenue south.
South San Francisco, interment private.
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
DOW— At sea, November 2, IS9B, Captain Free-
man A., beloved husband of Nellie B. Dow,
and father of Harold and Myrtle Dow, a na-
tive of Qulncy, Mans., aged 45 years 5 months
anl 2 days.
(T^Frlenils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 138ti T.nth avenue, East Oakland. In-
terznent private. Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland.
. FLEMING— In this city, December 28. 1898,
John Knox, beloved son of W. J. and Bara
E. Fleming, and brother of Winnie. Mabel,
Alice, Louiee, Genevieve and Elsie Fleming,
a native of Portland, Or., aged 14 years 10
mtinths and 7 days.
C*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. C. Bunker & Co., 2666 Mission
, street. Mission Masonic Temple.
GAMHA— In this city. December 27, IS9S, Fran-
ces Gamba, a native of Ireland, aged -64
years.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resl-
dpnee, 608 Eddy Btreet. thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cror*
Cemetery.
GERAGHTY— In this city. December 28, IS9B,
John J., beloved son of Catherine Geraghty,
and brother of Mary, Michael. Katie and
William Geraghty, a native of Huddersfield.
England, aged 33 years and 9 days. (Hud-
dersfield, England, papers please copy.)
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 310 Langton street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, w! ere a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
GIBBONS — In Oakland, December. 28. 1898,
Catharine, beloved wife of Patrick Gibbons,
and sister of John Cloonan and Mary Shee-
han, a native of County Galway, Ireland,
aged 58 years.
ITJ"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend lhf> funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late
residence, 1473 Seventh street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencingr at fl o'clock. Interment
St. MRry's Cemetery, Oakland.
GOLDSTONE— In this city, December 29, 1898,
Bertha, beloved wife of Jacob Goldstone.
dearly beloved- mother of Moses, Henry, Jo-
seph, Leon and Esther Goldstone and Mr«.
Joseph S. Steiner, and sister of Mrs. J. A.
Scharlin and Mrs. H. Ehriich. a native of
Germany, agred 54 years and 4 months.
HARLOCK— In Oakland, December 29, IS9B, Jo-
hanna, beloved wife of Thomas Harlock. and
mother of Robert E., Thomas L., James T.
and the late Maggie and William Harlock, a
native of County Limerick, Ireland, aged. 57
years. ,
HUTCHINS— In this city. December 28, 1888,
Charles E. Hutcliins, a native of Maine, aged
3s years.
HYDE— In this city, December 28, IS9B. Marietta
Butler, widow of the late W. B. Hyde, and
mother of Helen, Mabel and Harriet Hyde, a
native of New York, aged 60 years.
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Paul's Epis-
copal Church, corner Fourteenth and Harri-
son streets, Oakland. Interment private.
Plea.'-c omit flowers.
JACOHSEN— In this city, December 2S, 1898,
Freda A. J., beloved daughter of Peter and
Alberta Jacobsen. and sister of Christian,
William and Peter Jacobsen Jr., Mrs. John
Petersen, Mrs. Captain Charles yon Tagen,
Mrs. James Terkelson and Mrs. Hugo vein
Wildenradt, a native of San Francisco, aged
21 years 1 month and 19 days.
[CThe funeral will take place to-mnrrnw
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 2122 Mason street, between
Lombard and Chestnut. Interment private,
in I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KEHOE— In this city, December 28, 1898, Bryan,
dearly beloved husband of Maria E. Kehoe,
and devoted father of Annie E. and Katie
A. Kehoe, a native of Ireland, aged 59 years
8 months and 28 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 103 W T est Park street, thence to St.
John's Church (formerly Old St. Mary's Col-
lege^, where a requiem high mass will b»
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Crosi
Cemetery.
LANKENAU— In South San Francisco, at Bay
View, December 2S, 1898, John, beloved son of
the late Henry and Margaret Lankenau, and
beloved brother of Mrs. George Schonck and
Henry, Dick. Charles, George, Millie and
Henrietta Lankenau, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 28 years.
tn?"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of the
Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company, 8
and 10 City Hall square. Interment L O. O.
F. Cemetery.
LEONARD— In Alameda, September 28, 189 i,
Emma C. Leonard, beloved mother of An-
nette and Joseph B. Leonard, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 58 years.
McCAFFREY— In this city, December 28, IS9B.
Thomas Joseph, beloved husband of Helena
McCaffrey, and father of Mrs. George Jones
and Thomas J. McCaffrey, a native of Ire-
land, aged 69 years and 3 months.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of Excelsior Lodge
No. 166, F. and A. M.
MULLER— In this city. December 28. IS9S. Jean
Muller, a native of Neustadt, Hardt, Rhein-
pfalz, Germany, aged 43 years. A member of
the Bavarian Society.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remain!
at the parlors of the Gantner & Guntz 1 Un-
dertaking Company, 8 and 10 City Hall
square. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
NATHAN— In this city, December 29, IS9B,
Babette Nathan, beloved mother of Mrs. L.
Loupe and Mrs. L. Hess of New York, a na-
tive of Newweld, Germany, aged 84 years
and 15 day 3.
NKALON— In this city, December 29, 1898,
John, dearly beloved husband of Nellie Nea-
lon, father of Alice Nealon, and brother of
Thomas, Alice, Katie and Mary Nealon, a
native of the parish of Killglass, County
Sligo, Ireland, aged 30 years nnd 14 days.
O'CONNOR— In this city, December 27. 1898,
Mary A., beloved wife of Roger O'Connor,
mother of Rogie, Daniel and Charley O'Con-
nor, and sister of Maggie. Kate and Mrs.
Patrick Lydon. a native of Weston, West
Virginia, aged 33 years.
(C?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 4451* Tehama street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE NO. 3— You are
hereby notified to attend the funeral of our
late sister, Mrs. Mary O'Connor, this day
(Friday), at S:3O o'clock, from heY late resi-
dence, 445V4 Tehama street.
MARY LEAHY. President.
ANNA DALY, Secretary.
QUANE— In this city. December 29, 1898. Wil-
liam, beloved husband of the late Mary
Quane, and father of John F.. James and
Thomas Quane, Mrs. J. J. Neeley and Mrs.
M. Hook, a native of County Limerick, Ire-
land.
REILLY— In this city, December 29, IS9B. John
Reilly, beloved brother of Lillle and Mary
Reilly. Mrs. Robert Wilson and Mrs. Edward
Monaghan, a native of the parish of Temple-
port, County Cavan. Ireland, aged 20 years.
(TTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
SCHENKEL— In this city. December 2f, IS9S,
Peter, dearly beloved husband of Elizabeth
Schenkel, stepfather of Edward F. and Henry
A. Jansine, and brother of Julius Scbenkel
and Charles Schenkel and Mrs. Philip Hahn
of Philadelphia, a native of Baden, Germany,
aged 58 years 10 months and 4 days. A mem-
ber of St. Peter and St. Paulus Society,
Philadelphia. •
E~?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 623 Baker street, between Fulton and
McAllister, thencp to St. Boniface's Church,
Golden Gate avenue, near Jones street, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery-
SHORT— In this city. December 29, IS9B. Ger-
trude F., daughter of the late Michael Short,
a native of Pan Francisco, asred 22 years.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), nt 9 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Church; corner California and Dupont streets.
SMITH— In this city, December 26, 1898, Dr.
Edward D. Smith, a native of England, aged
98 years.
JCT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attf-nd the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the mortuary
chaßel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 242"i Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SMlTH— Funeral services of Mrs. Lottie R.
Smith at residence, 229 San Jose avenue,
to-morrow (Saturday), nt 2:30 o'clock. Car
leaves Valencia-street station at 3:40 p. m.
for Interment at Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SWEENY— In this city, December 29. 1898,
John T., beloved son of John M. and the late
Catharine Sweeny, and brother of Alfred,
George and Walter Sweeny, a native of San
Francisco, aged 29 \ears and 10 days.
C?" The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the family
residence. 520 Jessie street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will he celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private.
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HENRY J. \ GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to r Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL^fil
10 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln ochoo4.
Telephone South 80.
I- McAVOY CO., ■
. FUNEKAL DIRECTORS At EMIiALMER* I
1236 Market st., between Bth and 9th. 1
Telephone, South 247. I
1112
PIE-CRUSTED
PROMISES OF
A POLITICIAN
Martin's Days Are
Full of Deep Woe.
fIOT NEARLY ENOUGH PLACES
TRENCH DINNERS AND GALLIC
LANGUAGE AT THE JAIL.
Novel Condition of Affairs When the
New Sheriff Gets His Bastile
Into Smooth Working
Order.
riff-'Mect Martin, the prize fat boy
of S;m Francisco, has got himself into all
kinds of trouble with a horde of would-be
deputies, and has brought about a con
dition of affairs between himself and
Kelly and Crimmins bordering on an open
outbreak.
The trouble is all due to Mr. Martin's
penchant for milking promises. It may
be Inferred from this that Martin is a
promising individual; may bo he is, but
the outlook is not very promising for Mar
tin.
Martin has forty-eight positions in his I
office to parcel out, but it is asserted!
that 44S would not be enough to make [
good all his pledges. There was a small j
army of patriots booming Mr. Martin !
along during the campaign, and not one
of them was carrying a torch and ped
dling Martin's cards for his health. More
over. Messrs. Kelly and Crimmins have a !
few friends of their own to take Vare of, j
and they feel that they are entitled to !
some recognition at Martin's hands in the
matter of appointments. They figure tnai.
thirty-six would be about the proper num
ber of positions for them to till, leaving
twelve for the solid man to wedge his
friends into.
A delicate situation for a heavy-weight
to be placed in surely.
Now. Mr. Martin has his own ideas
about the management of the County Jail
and branches. If it lies in his power the-
Gallic tongue shall be the official court
language of his deputies, and every
Frenchman in town, it i? said, has been
promised a position by him. Whether he
has arranged to employ a French teacher
for the inmates and will furnish them
with French grammars has not been an
nounced. However the inmates are more j
interested in knowing whether Martin is
going to serve French dinners daily to j
them. It looks like it, for he has already ;
selected Marchpbout, the Montgomery
avenue furniture dealer, as commissary.
But just a 1 present the great strife be
tween Martin and Crimmins is whether
Edgar Peixotto or Tom Rlordan shall be
the Sheriff's attorney. Martin promised
the position to Peixotto long ago; In fact,
it was with the understanding that he
should have the place that Jerome Deasy
and James Wrenn took hold of Martin's
fight. Peixotto will get it and it will be
his reward for defending Widber.
But Crimmins and Kelly say that Rior
dan is entitled to the position because
of his work in the campaign as chairman
of the County Committee, and that he
shall have it or something will happen.
And there you are.
Deasy and Wrenn have been promised
? laces by Martin, and Deasy is to put a
riend in; but they see the best jobs going
to others, and the horde of clamorous
Frenchmen undiminished. So it is not to
be wondered at that they anxiously ask
where they "get on."
Dave Martin will be Under Sheriff by
the grace of Martin himself. That posi
tion was expected by Jack Gleason, for j
he more than all others has stood by Mar- :
tin. Gleason spent his money for the fat
boy, and gets "dumped" for his pains.
However, he will fare just as well, for
he is to have charge of the criminal de
partment of the County Clerk's office.
'"Billy" ±>lattner, Crimmins' selection, will
be chief outside man. Harrison House
worth has been slated by Martin for book
keeper. Crimmins has secured for Tom
Ford the position of chief jailer, and that
and outside deputy seems to be about all
he gets, for Martin has turned down Tom
Meagher and Kincaid. whom he had
promised should be in charge of branches
2 and 3 respectively, and Joseph Windrow
and James Gateb" are to have the places.
William Daly and Ben Jones fe^l reason
ably sure that Martin will keep his prom
ise and make them deputies.
Tom Cunningham of North Beach. Mar
tin's rent collector, is booked for bailiff
of .Judge Seawell's court, and Louis
Cooper will also be made a bailiff of some
court.
The Democrats will be well cared for by
Martin. Ned Lanlgan has been given
two places to fill, while Healy Davis and
Charles Hay den, both of whom are under
"U'helan, 'will remain where they are.
Leon Velller. now cared for by the Dem
ocratic Board <>f Supervisors, will have
a place, and so will Antone Schoembs, .
Martin's fnvorite barkeeper, despite the
fact that five clubs in his ward have pro
tested on the ground that he is a Demo
crat. William Lawdcn, who came from
Santa C'tuz a year ago and distinguished
himself in the last campaign by knifing
the Republican candidate for the Assem
bly In the Forty-fourth District, will be
cared for. as will Jennings Philips, one of
the delegates to Buckley's convention
two years ago.
The remaining places are likely to go
to the French colony. Raphael Weill
will name one deputy, although the
merchant has never been known to wear
himself out in the political arena; and
there are others, so that when Martin's
force finally lines up many of the old
stagers will be found to have given way
to a brand new lot of deputies.
There are some who say that all thl9
row is merely a bunko game; that Mar
tin is trying to evade some of his obli
gations by saying that Crimmins has
tnken upon himself ti.e appointment of
all his deputies, and when the disappoint-,
ed office-seeker turns to Crimmins he is
told that Martin has thrown Crimmins
down hard and will not let him have any
thing.
Blackmail Fails to Appear.
Cassius EL Blackman, the policeman ac
cused of stealing $ISO from Cornelius Cro
nln of Nevada, apnin failed to appear in
Judge Mogan's court when his name was
called yesterday morning and the Judge
continued the case till January 3 at th.'
request of the prosecution. Blackman has
apparently left the city and his bonds
are worthless. The police ascertained
yesterday that Saloon-keeper Rood, his
co-defendant and surety, had sold out
ADVERTISEMENTS.
tv£tiflA
FROM BIRTH
Our little daughter had Eczema from birth;
The parts afflicted -would become terribly In-
flamed, and water would ooze out like great
beads of perspiration, finally this would dry
up and the skin would crack and peel off. Sue
Buffered terribly. Had to put soft mittens on
her hands to keep her from scratching. Two
of our leading physicians did not help' her.
After bathing her with Ccticlra Soap, I
applied Cuticuha (ointment) freely, and gave
her Cuncuiu. Resolvent regularly. She im-
proved at once and is now never troubled. The
statements I have made are absolutely true
and not exaggerated in any way.
ROBERT A. LAPHAM,
1114 West Side Square, Springfield, 111.
CTBB TBBATHBITTrOB P.TEBT BLOOD iJtHU
' Ut-MOit. WITH Loss or Hair — Warm b»th»Wlth COTI-.
cijka BOAr. irentle »nointtn«twlth Coricrß*.pur««tof .
•mnlUent •kin cure*, and mild dote* of Cuticcba Kxsou>
. text, greatest at blood pnrlfl«n and humor curei.
'. Hold throairturat Hie world. Pottib I> . *C.
Prope., tattoo. How w Car* JJ«by '• kin DiMttc », lice.
his interest in the saloon at Sixteenth
and Valencia streets. Captain Seymour
is still determined to bring the matter of
the worthless bond before the next Grand
Jury.
«. ♦» » ■
CALIFORNIA TROOPS.
Captain Herbert Choynski Resigns.
A Tribute to the Late Cap
tain Richter.
Captain Herbert Choynski, California
Heavy Artillery, United States Volun
teers, stationed at Fort Baker, has re
signed from the service of the United
States. He assigns as a reason for his res
ignation the fact that there is no Imme
diate prospect of active duty at the front.
He sets forth also that his law business
requires his attention, as it has been neg
lected for a long time.
Captain Choynski's resignation would |
have been sent In some weeks ago If I
I sensational rumors had not been clrcu- |
! lated regarding the discipline of his com
1 mand. The men made complaint against
I the officers, and the result was an inves
tigation of the complaints by Lieutenant
Bennett, U. S. A., of General Merriam's I
staff. It Is said that Lieutenant Bennett j
found nothing to sustain the statements
of he men who made charges against the
officers of the- battery.
Colonel R. L. Peeler, assistant adjutant
general of California, has been promoted
I to the rank of brigadier general and as
, signed to duty as adjutant general to BUC
| ceed General A. W. Barrett, who was re
i cently appointed Bank Commissioner. Or
ders recently issued by the comander-in
chlef, Governor Budd, announce the pro
motion of Colonel Peeler.
The commander-in-chief also announces
officially the appointment of Walter S.
Martin as lieutenant colonel and A. D. C
Colonel Martin was ordered to report' to
Brigadier General Charles King, U. 8. \ 
commanding the Second Brigade of Phil
ippine expeditionary forces. In obedience
to orders Colonel Martin accompanied the
i expedition to Manila and subsequently
1 transmitted to the adjutant general of
I California an excellent report of the
| movements of the forces.
The following paragraphs from official
orders refer to' Captain Relnhold Richter:
Captain Relnhold Richter, commanding
! Company I, First Infantry, was mortally
i wounded August 1. 1898, in a night attack
1 at Malate. P. L, and died August 4, IS9S,
I regretted by all of his acquaintances.
Captain Richter was an officer of ster
! ling character, and died the most glorious
i of all deaths— that of a soldier on the field
! of battle, in the full discharge 'of his
j duty.
The Third Regiment, United States In
fantry, will leave New York by steamer
for Manila on January 15. It Is under
stood that the regiment's tour of duty at
the Philippines will be prolonged as many
of the officers have arranged to take their
: families to Manila. Among the officers
of the Third is the gallant Captain Nich
ols, who was wounded at. El Caney while
leading his company, the Seventh In
fantry. The wife of Captain Nichols Is
a daughter of Henry C. Keller of this
city. Mr. Keller leaves for New York to
day to see the captain and his wife be
fore they sail for the Orient..
THE INVESTIGATION
OF THE DEPOT C NDED
ONE CONTRACTOR BLUFFED THE
COMMITTEE.
At the Lowest Estimate the State
Lost by Faulty Changes and
Poor Work $70,000,
The Senate Investigating Committee j
yesterday closed its research ito the i
ferry depot frauds, and the report will
occupy the Legislature's attention early
in the coming session.
One item escaped the consideration of
the committee, notwithstanding it la- '
bored three weeKS in that direction. This
was the measurements of Bateman Bros.,
the woDdwork contractors. The Bateman j
facts and figures were so far away from :
those of the State expert that the Senate ■
committee ordered the contractor to get
the exact dimensions of his partitions for
a subject for discussion. The committee
became weary of the delay and adjourned
without the contractor's figures.
The report that will go before the Sen
ate will state that after a careful search
through the records of the construction
of the ferry depot, giving the builders the
greatest latitude in the matter of quan
tity and prices of material, allowing to
the fullest extent where there, was a pos
sibility that the change in plan was prac- !
tical and the . work fairly done, it has
been found that the loss to the State is
close to J7Q.000.. This is the lowest esti
mate, but the general belief in the minds
of the investigators is that the actual
loss will reach $100,000.
The expert architects found all manner
of reasons for this deficiency. There were
cases where the workmanship was good,
but the change bad; where workmanship
was bad though the change was good,
and finally where both were bad. The
most atrocious piece of work was the
Joining of iron to wood, instead of join
ing to the steel frame of the building.
Contrary to the plans or common-sense
the sheets of iron were nailed to the wood.
The specifications called for the bolting
of metal to metal, but the nails, far apart,
were considered the proper thing by the
architect, and he was permitted to Jog
along in his own way. Not only was the
iron-man given this right of way, but
the State paid to a carpenter contractor
$300 extra to put up the wooden "fixings"
so- that the iron fellow would have no
trouble In driving his nails. The experts
also reported faulty work on the roof. The
corrugated iron was in places damaged
and not well put on. The steel, stone
and brick work was found to have been
well done. In numerous cases the suc
cessive changes had overlapped and piled
upon each other until the original plan
was burled deep under the strata of dif
ferent periods in the construction of tae
great building.
General Dickinson stated in an Inter
view that the report of the committee
need not cover many page,*, as the labor
was practically finished when the experts
were ready with tjieir figures.
Booker T. Washington, the
most talented negro in the
South, tells how the dark
skinned races of our new colo
nies should be governed, in
next Sunday* Ci'l.
WHAT STRUCK O'BRIEN P
The Well Known Banjo Player Meets
With a Serious Accident on a
McAllister Street Car.
Charles Sydney O'Brien, the colored
banjo player, who delights the patrons of
a well known restaurant on Davis street
by his clever manipulation of the Instru
ment, met with an accident yesterday
afternoon that nearly ended his earthly
career as a musician.
He was riding on the dummy of a Mc-
Allister-street car, and when the car was
turning the curve at Market street it
struck an obstruction and something flew
up and hit O'Brien on the forehead. In
flicting an ugly wound. He fell from the
<;ir and a car going in the opposite direc
tion came on and. shoved him along sev
eral feet before it could be stopped.
O'Brien was taken to the Receiving
Hospitnl, where It was found that, besides
suffering from the wound in his forehead,
ho had contusions of the arms and legs
and was feeling the effects of the shock
to his system. He Intends to sue the
M.-irk^t-street Railroad Company for
damages.
A Boy Accidentally Shot.
Fred Furrer. aged 14 years, while han
dling a shotgun In the hay loft of his
father's barn at 4 Tara street, yesterday
afternoon was shot In the left hand. The
boy was taken to St. Luke's Hospital,
where It was found that the wound was
of v serious nature, sufficiently so to ne
cessitate the amputation of two of the
fingers. The boy said he was removing
the gun from one portion of the loft to
another when It accidentally went off.
He had no idea that It was loaded.
Cremieux Lodge, B. B.
The following named have been chosen offi
cers far the ensuing term by Cremieux Lodge
ot the Independent Order of B'ne B'rlth: E.
H. Morris, monitor; M. Kahn, president; Dr.
A. Nusbaum, vice president; Samuel 8. Green,
secretary: I. I. StrasMherK'T. treasurer; O. W.
Alexander, assistant monitor; D. Lande, war
den; I. Felertau. guardian; K. I. Wolfe, trus
tee; Dr. Joseph Byer, physician; Key. D.
Meyerson. organist-. H. Gutstaft. 8. S. Oreen,
I. P. Strassberger. P. Flatow, David Land? and
A. Morris, representatives to the Grand Ludfe.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1898.
VOTES WERE
SWAPPED FOR
GOLD BRICKS
I School Jobs That Did
Not Exist.
WALLER WAS MADE A VICTIM
HOW THE BOARD WORKED WED-
NESDAY'S MEETING.
Barrington, Bantel and Hammond
Were Won Over by Gilded
Promises That Could
Not Be Kept.
Who handed out the gold bricks?
Sam Waller wants to know; Bantel
won't cast another vote until he finds out;
School Directors Barrington and Ham
mond are sawing wood, but they have the
knife out for the man who did, when
time or unforeseen circumstances divulges
his name.
There were four of them passed out at
the meeting of the School Board on Wed
nesday evening, and each one of
them bought a vote for the elementary
committee report that ostensibly cre
ated eight nice vice-principalships by
raising the grades of eight schools. If
the figures on the last monthly reports
prove anything, only four of the eight
schools were entitled to a raise in grade,
but there were four votes to be bought,
and some one or other interested in the
elementary report temporarily raised the
grades and offered the four gilded parcels
to the four Directors who were nervous
about standing for the job. It worked.
President Barrington got one. His sis
ter was elected viee T principal of the
Everett First-class Grammar School, just
created, though he got cold feet and did
not stay to cast the vole for which he
had collected.
Bantel voted and got his brick in the
election of Miss L. F. Simon as vice-prin
cipal of the Hawthorne Intermediate
Grammar School. Sam Waller was
passed the gilded gift in the election of
Miss M. H. Lannigan as vice-principal of
the Richmond Intermediate Grammar
School, and Phil Hammond came in for
the appointment of another relative. Miss
G: Carrol as ."V. P." of the Humboldt
Intermediate Grammar Scnool.
Hammond may yet find that the brick
passed by him is the pure quill, for tue
average of daily attendance at the Hum
boldt is fluttering between the minimum
and less, but. the rest of the quartet will
have nothing but their records, to show
for the votes out of which they have been
bunkoed. The Everett is bejow the stand
ard, and .so are the Hawthorne and
Richmond, and it wll only require the
attention of the new board for a few min
utes to. rectify these matters, and put
the four schools back to the grades from
which they have been wrongfully raised.
This action of the Incoming board will
also reduce the new-made principals to
the status and salaries of the ordinary
teachers of the department.
Drueker. Ragan. t'arew and Burns got
the real thing, and have no kick coming.
Drucker had Miss Mi F. Lorrigan ap
pointed vice-principal of the Whittier;
Ragan placed his political adherent. Pro
fessor Babcock, in the principalship of
Lincoln School; Director Carew secured a
$125 job for his daughter as vice princi
pal of the Denman Grammar School, and
Burns was satisfied to have Miss R. Har
vey made vice principal of the Fairmount
Intermediate Grammar School. It took
votes to accomplish so general a distri
bution of good things, and counterfeits
of the same proposition were made up and
passed liberally around. Just how the
rest of the crowd will stand for it re
mains to be seen at the next meeting.
ARRESTED IN DUNSMUIR.
L. F. Minckler, the Postal Telegraph
Operator, Will Be Brought Back
to Answer His Crime.
L. F. Minckler, the Postal Telegraph
operator, who, in conjunction with Harry
L. Cator, alias Barclay, swindled the
Bank of Palo Alto out of $840 by means of
a bogus dispatch from the Farmers' and
Merchants' Bank of Los Angeles, was ar
rested In Dunsmulr yesterday morning on
a dispatch sent out by Chief Lees. Acting
on the suggestion of the Chief a warrant
was sworn out in Palo Alto for Minck
ler's arrest and a constable left by last
evening's train for Dunsmuir to bring
Minckler back. He will arrive here to
night with his prisoner.
Cator was taken from the City Prison
yesterday morning to Palo Alto by Con
stable Brownell, who arrived in the city
with the warrant for his arrest. Cap
tain Seymour yesterday discovered the
jewelry store where Cator purchased a
diamond ring for $220. He returned the
ring and received back the money. The
whole of the $840 has been recovered, ex
cept $60.
The Postal Telegraph Company will do
everything possible to prosecute the case
against the two young men. It appears
that on December 13 the telegraph com
pany received a dispatch from the Farm
ers' and Merchants' Bank of Los Angeles
to pay a gentleman in Palo Alto $500.
Minckler received that dispatch and from
it he got the idea of sending the bogus
dispatch, which proved successful.
County Officers' Bonds.
The Supreme Court having decided that
certain city and county officers are county
officers the Mayor, following the county
government act, requires personal bonds
for such officers, because otherwise, in
case of a suit for collection on the bonds,
the city would be at a disadvantage or,
perhaps, have no standing in court. The
amounts of the bonds as fixed by the Su
pervisors many years ago will be ac
cepted.
To comply with the provisions of both
the county governmert act and the con
solidation act the Mayor recommends
that both forms, so far as possible, be
complied with as to the approval on the
bonds, that is to say, by both the Judges
of the Superior Court and the Mayor and
Auditor.
The bonds will be delivered to the Aud
itor, who records them and provides for
custody according to law. The Mayor
believes in surety bonds, but cannot af
ford to take chances where the possible
rights of the city are involved. The at
tention of the Legislature will be called
to this when i^ is drafting a county gov
ernment act during the session, but the
charter in giving San Francisco home
rule makes ample provision for this.
The new Western Union Telegraphic
Code, which has been enlarged and
greatly improved, is now being issued
to subscribers.
In its present form it embraces more
than 150.000 words, covering every con
ceivable use of the wire, and reducing
the cost of telegraphic and cable com
munication to a minimum. In addi
tion to the code proper, the book con
tains a directory with cable addresses
attached.
Prompt application to the Interna
tional Cable Directory Company, 30
Broad street, publishers of the "West
ern Union Telegraphic Code," will in
sure insertion of names in the direc
tory in the second edition. Banks,
firms and individuals, on payment of
$12.50, can have their names inserted
in the book and will be furnished with
two conies of the code. This is a mar
velously low figure for so comprehen
sive a work.
Esqueda Held for Murder.
Miguel Esqueda was yesterday held
without %onda to answer before the Su
perior Court by Judge Conlan on a charge
of murder. He was accused of killing
hia wife, Boledad, in their home at 1317
Powell street by subjecting her to the
most atrocious cruelty in September lust.
THOUSANDS WILL
FIND EMPLOYMENT
Salvation Army Decides to Introduce the Salvage System in
San Francisco Immediately — Captain Robert Neil
to Direct the Work.
LLEUTENANT COLONEL, W. EVANS, commander of the Pacific Jurisdiction
of the Salvation Army, yesterday received a telegram from Chicago an
nouncing the departure from that city of Captain Robert Nell,' who will
come direct to San Francisco for the purpose of inaugurating: here the sal
vage system of the Salvation Arrfty, a comprehensive and important scheme
which originated with General Booth and which is outlined in the latter's famous
work. "In Darkest England."
"For many months past I have been laboring to the end that the salvage sys
tem might be brought to this coast," said Colonel Evans last evening. "By this
plan waste material is linked up with waste labor and employment is created
for a vast body of idle poor. Captain Neil is an able, practical man. Before en
tering on his career in the army, he whs the secretary of the Y. M. C. A. of West
Philadelphia, whence, at my instance, he proceeded to Chicago and there in
troduced the salvage system, which had previously been in operation in only two
American cities — New York ana . iiiladelphia. In establishing the salvage scheme
our organization has in view the principle that 'the direst danger to the nation is
not anarchy, but idleness." There is no question in the minds of thoughtful men
that enforced idleness is one of the most prolific sources of sorrow, misery and
crime In the world. Few men are brave enough to stand idly by and see their
wives and children slowly die of starvation. Rather will they steal or beg. One
s can easily understand the desperate actions of men who return home to starving
k>ved ones after a fruitless search for work. Myriads In all our cities are in this
condition, and the Salvation Army is meeting this condition.. 'j..ie army wastes
neither precious time nor precious money inquiring into character— it divides the
people into two classes only, 'ue willingand unwilling to work.' Wherever it
finds the willing, the army gives them employment to the limit of its capacity.
The salvage system Is among the most practical ways of finding employment.
The word salvage signifies the saving of a wreck. Humanly speaking, that is true
with us.
"We shall establish a salvage depot in San Francisco, under Captain Neil's
direction. These depots are large warehouses, from which we send men into
every part of the city to solicit and collect the waste. This waste is then sorted
and utilized in various profitable ways, and the money thus derived is turned to
the wages and help of the poor men thus employed. In Chicago at the present
time ten large wagons are in constant service collecting waste, and quite an army
of men is kept at work gatherlne rags, iron scraps, etc. and mending ol<l furni
ture; while great numbers of women are engaged in the work Of cleaning and re
pairing garments sent in by the charitably inclined. In connection with the de
pot here, we shall have a store, and articles of utility will be sold to poor people
at the very cost of repairs. Fur instance, if some broken chairs are brought in,
they are mended at the depot and put on sale. The chairs, new, might be worth
F<o cents of 75 cents each, and they will be sold for probably 10 cents each, and
this goes to the mender. In a somewhat similar manner, old furniture of every
other description and old clothing will be disposed of. Arrangements may possi
bly be made with the big newspaper offices whereby the salvage department of
the army will agree to sweep out and cart away every morning all waste paper,
and the waste paper will readily find a market with the paper manufacturers.
Whatever the paper brings will go to pay the laborers who collect it.
"You will observe," said Colonel Evans, in conclusion, "that In the develop
ment of this salvage Idea there are possibilities unlimited. The Salvation Army
in San Francisco will make the saivage system the initial departure for 1599."
EMPORIUM POLICE
ACCUSE MRS. PORTOISE
ARREST HER ON A CHARGE OF
SHOPLIFTING.
The Woman Stoutly Declares She
Found the Goods on the
Store Floor.
Mrs. Clarlase Portolse, who for years
has conducted a dressmaking establish
ment in this city, was arrested at noon
yesterday in the Emporium and a charge
of shoplifting c-ntered against her at the
City Prison. For some time past the lady
has been under suspicion, and about half
past 12 yesterday a clerk at the handker
chief counter reported to Captain Green
of the Emporium police that the woman
had taken two articles from his depart
ment.
The detective followed the suspect as
she boarded the elevator and made her
way to the ribbon counter on the second
floor. Sh«: would not examine ribbons in
bolts, but Insisted that she be shown
remnants. The clerk says that she at
tempted to stow away two small pieces,
but dropped them back In the basket
when she found that he was watching
her. When an opportunity came fhe
picked up a small bolt of ribbon and left
the counter. She was allowed to pass on
for a considerable distance before ar
rested, and when the officer seized her
right hand the ribbon dropped from it.
Upon being searched nine handkerchiefs
were found upon her person, of which
only one had been paid for. She was Im
mediately locked up In. the City Prison.
P. Portoise, the husband of the woman,
is a Belgian, and is reputed to be weal
thy. He is an Invalid and 85 years of age.
The couple occupied room 554 in the Bald
win Hot.'l on the night of the conflagra
tion. Later they resided at the Lick
House nnd now make their home in Oak
land. Mrs. Portoise's establishment is lo
cated at 27V> Fourth street, where she is
associated "with Mrs. Dehauger. The
major portion of their business is done
with theatrical people and the profits
have always been excellent. Her friends
were astonished when they learned of
the woman's arrest, and say that necessi
ty for theft on her part has never been
apparent to them.
Mrs. Portoise explains the presence of
the handkerchiefs on her person by say
ing that she picked them up oft* the floor.
She was released on $200 bonds and has
retained an attorney.
The Lederer Burglary.
The police are still searching for the
burglar who entered the residence of
Charles Lederer, at 2102 Bush street, sev
eral nights ago and stole Jewelry valued
at several hundred dollars. Yesterday De
tective Crockett, who Is working on the
case, discovered an Important clew, which
he thinks will lead to the detection of the
culprit. The police are now convinced
that the jewelry was not taken by a mem
ber of the family, as they had at first be
lieved.
EASTERN MINERS INVITED.
American Institute of Mining Engin-
eers As&ed to Hold Their Con
vention in This City.
The committee on the conservation of
water of the California Miners' Associa
tion met yesterday morning and during
its session transacted business which is
of vital importance not only to the min
ing industry but to the agricultural in
terests of the State.
It passed two resolutions. The first is
to hold a convention on January 21, to
which representatives of all commercial
organizations in the State will be in
vited.
The paramount matter to be considered
will be the storage and use of water. The
droughts of the past years have shown
the necessity of having available water
when nature fails to furnish the regular
year's supply. The proposition is to con
struct large dams and reservoirs and save
the water which runs to waste. The
farmers as well as the miners will be
benefited by such action, hence the com
mercial people are asked to put their
shoulder to the wheel in conjunction with
the Miners' Association.
The second resolution is a request to
the presiding officers of both branches of
the coming Legislature to appoint stand
ing committees on the conservation of
water.
The Miners' Association has sent the
following invitation to the American In
stitute of Mining Engineers urging them
to hold their next annual meeting in this
city. Should the invitation be accepted
one of the largest representative bodies
of mining men In the world may be ex
pected here during the autumn of the
coming year, and their visit may assist
materially in stimulating the mining in
dustry in California.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Deo. 29, 1898
To the President ami Members of the Ameri
can Institute of Mining Engineers— Dear Sir
and Gentlemen: The California Miners' Asbo
elation send greetings to your honorable body
and desire to extend an invitation to you to
hold your next annual fall meeting in the city
of San Francisco. ■ *
Every effort in the power of the association
will b« used to make the visit pleasant and
profitable. California is the proud possessor of
a mineral country second to none In the world
and we foe! confident that if your body will
visit us and hold your deliberations in our
midst that we can more than repay you for the
long trip necessary to reauft this ooast.
We shall be pleased to have your reply at as
early a date as possible In order that the neces
sary committee of arrangements may be. ap
pointed and ways and means provided for your
comfort and entertainment.
Trusting this will meet your approval and
awaiting your favorable reply, we beg to re
main respectfully yours.
CALIFORNIA 'MINERS 1 ASSOCIATION
.T. H. JCEFF. President.
EDWARD H. BENJAMIN, Secretary.
Annkesls cures Piles, nothing -else. Sam
ple free. Address Anakesls, New York. •
ADVERTISEMENTS. _____ -^
Stock Taking
We've finished stock tak-
ing and for the remainder of
this week will cut the price
of regular stock in men's suits
You'll benefit and we'll have
room for new goods soon to
arrive. We never offered bet-
ter values
Some of the suits are:
Black clay cutaways $17 $15 $12.50
Black clay sacks 16 15 12.50
Blue and j Cutaways f .
black > single breasted sacks < 4
cheviots ) double " " { * 4
Also mixtures in cheviots at $12 and $14
reduced in the
ROOS BROS.
Kearny and Post
RESCUED FIVE
PEOPLE FROM
AN OPEN BOAT
The Timely Arrival of
Captain Jordan.
PICKED UP OFF FARALLONES
DESPERATE BATTLE WITH A
RAGING SEA.
Lighthouse Keeper Beaman Attempt
ed the Trip to This City in a
Whitehall During a
Gale.
While cruising near the Farallon Isl
ands yesterday afternoon Captain F. \V.
Jordan of the pilot-boat America came
upon an open boat, in which were W.
Beaman, head lighthouse keeper, his wife
and two children, one an infant of two
months and the other a boy of ten years,
and H. Engleberg, the assistant light
house-keeper. They were in distress and
Captain Jordan picked them up and
brought them to this city, making a spe
cial trip and returning to sea last night.
The son of Mr. Beaman has been 111 for
some time, and as he became worse yes
terday It was decided to attempt the trip
to this city in an open boat. The party
left the island about 1 o'clock p. m., ex
pecting to reach San Francisco in about
three hours. The sea was very heavy,
and the wintl was blowing a gale from the
north. Despite the efforts of the two
men at the oars but little progress could
be made. After being out four hours but
sixteen miles had been made, and this
considerably out of their course. Both of
the men were greatly fatigued by their
battle with the heavy sea when Captain
Jordan arrived on the scene and went to
their rescue. He landed them at Meiggs
wahrf about 10 o'clock last night, and the
!<i( k boy was immediately taken to a doc
tor.
The father had been waiting several
days for a quiet day to bring his son to
the city and had also been on the lookout
for some vessel which he might hail. Ves
sels very seldom touch at the islands, the
tender Madrona being about the only one,
and her trips are about a month apart.
The serious illness of the boy required
medical attention, and Mr. Beaman deter
mined to risk the trip in an open boat.
The fortunate appearance of Captain Jor
dan and his kindness in taking the party
on his boat probably saved their lives, as
the Whitehall could not have lasted in the
heavy sea.
IMPOSED ON A BOY.
P.aul Teirea, Aged 12 Years, Robbed
by a Despicable Thief.
Paul Terrea, a 12-year-old boy, while
walking along Mission street last night
was accosted by a well dressed young
man, who asked him If he wanted to
make a dollar. The boy replied In the af
firmative, and the stranger told him to go
to 105 Mason street, where, he claimed,
his horse was stabled, and bring It to
him. The boy started on his errand, and
had gone only a few steps when the
stranger called him back. He asked him
if he had any money, and when he re
plied that he had a silver dollar the des
picable thief induced him to give It to
him. He said he would hold it until the
boy returned.
When the little fellow showed up a
short time afterward the stranger- was
fonc. Realizing he had been robbed the
oy visited police headquarters, where he
told the story to Lieutenant Hanna. Dur
ing the past few weeks the same man
has succeeded In robbing a number of
boys by this means. He Is described as
being rather tall, has a smooth face and
wears a dark fedora hat. The police have
determined to catch him, and when they
do they propose to see that he gets a
long sentence.
SHOWERS -TO-DAY.
Bain for San Francisco and the
Northern Part of the State.
Weather Prophet W. H. Hammon was
somewhat surprised yesterday by the
small rain that slipped In on him. He de
clared that he had seen it coming yester
day morning, but that he did not know Us
exact cause, unless it might be attributed
to the general depression in Eastern Ore
gon and Northern Nevada. The weather
has been much colder In Utah and Neva
da and also In the northern part of the
State.
There Is a severely cold wave In the Da
kotas moving in a southeastward direc
tion. Mr. Hamrnon thinks that in view of
the rapid falling of the barometer along
the north coast of Cape Mendocino rain
may be expected to-day from San Fran
cisco northward. There will be a deoided
fall in temperature in the southern part of
the State, with probably disastrous re
sults to citrus fruit.
Mr. Hammon expects showers to-day
but not a steady rain.
New Year's Masquerade.
The annual prize masquerade ball of
the Arion Benevolent Society will take
place at the Mechanics' Pavilion to-mor
row, New Year's eve. The old year will
be ushered out and the new year ushered
in in a lively and lolly manner.
The Iloilo Postoffice.
Postmaster Montague received orders
yesterday from the Postmaster General
to establish a sub-postal station at Iloiiu,
in the Philippines'. The station will be
established when General Otis prevail*
upon the Insurgents to behave.
ADVEBTISEMEIvTTS.
% ■ IT IS WATERPROOF.
VT HE WELCOME RAIN IS BRING- "*
** 1 Ing Joy to thousands of families. ♦
a but yet it i..ay prove very serious to
]. any lady who attempts to shop or go
out with broken shoes or thin soles.
A, We have a specially made shoe for wet a
weather. . Ladles' finest quality box
<*> calf, lace, ■ new coin toes and tips, ♦
<», double soles and extension edges. Very a
V neat and tidy. Strictly up to date.
<«> Special price $2. All widths and sizes. ♦
<£ Very easy on the feet. , <j,
<$> CROCHET SLIPPERS, Red, Blue, Ptßk. ♦
y^ Black or Brown: »
•* Children's sizes, Sto 10%..... Tse *
<£ Misses' sizes, 11 to 2 : 9Oc ♦
N Ladles' sizes, 3% to 7 fI.OO A
"* Men's sizes. 6to 11 1.25 v
♦ Men's Embroidered Slippers.
either Opera or Everett styles,
a from 75c upward
• Gentlemen's Black or Brown vlcl
*»> Kid Rotneos, turned soles, re- _,„<»>
4, duced to „... fI.OO -
Ladies' Stylish Fur-trimmed Felt T;'
<§> Juliets, flannel-lined, coin Toes, <»
a colors red, brown or black fI.OO <>
Same as above, quilted ■•••" 1.30 A
$> Ladles' Dongola KM. Pur- <»
a trimmed Juliets. Coin T0e5...... 1.50 <^
v Ladles' Fancy Plaid or Quilted .
♦ Fur-trimmed Juliets... •• ••• I.KO v
a Our new illustrated catalogue Just out. <^
Send for one. ' ,\ - v
<S> Country orders solicited. Address <»
♦ . B. KAfCHINSKI, ♦
f Philadelphia Shoe C 0,,, •
*Z 1O Third St., San Francisco.
m^^/ WHEN YOU
j^Mi&^&^mfa Require an ELEC-
K^T/^^SifTRIC BELT get "Dr.
Pierces" and you will
•'•</f«s3s»St T?^ not be disappointed.
1 Call- or address PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO., 620
Mark»»sU (opp. Palics Hot«), S. f. r'/r :
13DTTCtIl?C FOR BARBJCRB. BAR.
Jjfl U OllJ-iO er »- bootblack*, twtb*
*^*.iw ~~ houses, billiard tabis^
brewers, bookbinders, candy- makers. nnara,
oy era. flourmills, foundries, laundries. pap*r>
haneer*. printers, painters, fhoe factorl*^
(tablemen. tar-ronfer«. tanners, tailor*. »tc
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 60s» -Sacramento SB
Wright's Indian V eaetatile Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have Ufeed • them for over forty years to cur»
SICK HEADACKE. GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA. j
TION. Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach. Pimple* f
and purify the blood. _.
Grossman's Snecific Mixture
With this remedy percons can cure them-
selves without the least exposure, change of
diet or change in application to business. Th«
medicine contains nothing of the least Injury
to the constitution. Ask your druggist for \L
Price |1 a bottle. , ,v .  ••