TOLUME LXXXIV.-NO 71.
CALIFORNIANS FOREMOST IN
THE FIGHTING AT MALATE
COWARDLY
RETREAT OF
INSURGENTS
fall BacK at Night, Leav
ing the flmerican Rjght
Unprotected.
Volunteers of the Golden State
Cheer as They Charge the
Spanish Foe at Night
; WASHINGTON, Aug. 9. — The War Department to
• '.day received the following cablegram from Hongkong:
: . ''Adjutant General. Washington: McArthur's troops ar
rived on the 31st. No epidemic of sickness, but five deaths.
Lieutenant Kerr of the Engineers died of spinal meningitis.
The landing at the camp was delayed on account of the
. high surf.
"To gain an approach to the city, Green's outposts
were advanced to continue the line from the Cammo Real
to the beach. On Sunday night the Spanish attacked
sharply. The artillery outposts behaved well and held the
.position. It was necessary to call out the brigade. The
Spanish loss is reported to be heavy. Our loss is as follows:
Killed: Tenth Pennsylvania— John Brady, Walter Brown.
Infantry— William E. Brlnton, Jacob Hull, Jesse Noss,
William Stil!wa£on.
First California— Maurice Justh.
Third Artillery—Eli Dawson.
First Colorado— Fred Sprlngstead.
Seriously wounded: Tenth Pennsylvania — Serjeant
Alva Walter, Privates Lee Snyder, Victor Holmes, C. S.
Carter, Arthur Johnson.
First California— Captain R. Richter, Private C. J. Ed
wards.
Third Artillery— Privates Charles Winfield, J. A. Me-
Elrath.
"Thirty-eight slightly wounded. MERRITT."
Secretary Alger regards the Manila fight as the begin
ning of the general attack on the Philippine capital.
Special Cable to The Call and the 2Vevr York Herald. Copyrighted, 1898,
by James Gordon Bennett.
BY SOL N. SHERIDAN.
CAMP DEWEY, Aug. 1, via Hongkong, Aug. 9.—
Nine dead; forty-six wounded. That tells the
story of the baptism of fire the American army
has undergone before Manila.
The American trenches before
Malate, thrown forward some
days ago to displace the insur
geints-, and extending from the
beaten a half-mile toward the pas
sage where are General Norial's
headquarters, were held last
night, by the Pennsylvanians and
Batteries A and B, Utah Artil
lery,, with three rapid-fire guns.
Between the American extreme
fight and the insurgent barracks
■ at... ; Pasay there is about a half
/mile, of bamboo swamp, inter
:spetsed with mango trees, which
the insurgents were supposed to
have covered and did cover here
tofore. After some desultory
firing from the insurgent guns,
to- Which the Spaniards replied at
intervals, the insurgents retired
to P-asay. leaving the American
right uncovered. Colonel Haw
kins of the Pennsylvanians bad
thrown three companies — D, E
and X—outsideK — outside the trenches to
cover the right of Companies A,
Jj, C and E, which held the
trenches down to the beach, with
Utah's, company, B, lying as a
reserve back along Calle Real,
toward Camp Dewey.
..'At- 11:30 o'clock at night the
Spaniards in front opened fire on
the American right, drawing the
Pennsylvanians' fire outside the
trenches, and thus getting their
position. Then from a dense
bamboo thicket, 250 yards to the
American right, there blazed the
fire of 2000 Mausers, while the
Malate batteries sent shrapnel
shrieking in upon the American
works, and from the front came
a galling fire from Nordenfeldts.
While the Spaniards swept
Calle Real the insurgent batteries
on the Pasay side remained om
inously silent, protected by thick
ets and covered by darkness. The
Spaniards attempted to rush the
American right. The plan ap
parently was to double the
troops up on the beach and sweep
across the flats on to the camp.
Company D of the Pennsyl
vania Regiment was cut off from
the main body, but fought its
way back.
The Spaniards repeatedly ad
vanced within sixty yards of the
American intrenchments, but fell
back before the steady fire of the
volunteers. A shell from Malate
buried one of the Utah guns and
the position was rapidly becom
ing untenable, when Hawkins
dispatched a messenger to the
camp for reinforcements. The
messenger struck the Third Ar
tillery and Major O'Hara, with
out awaiting orders, hurried two
batteries into action as infantry
rushes into trenches. The Perm
The San Francisco Call
SAX FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 10, 189 S.
WHERE THE FIRST AMERICAN BLOOD WAS SHED ON PHILIPPINE SOIL.
Repulse of the Spaniards in Their Attempt to Turn the Ri£ht of the American Lines Before Malate on the Night of July 31. The California Boys Are Shown Com
ing Up on the Right of the Pennsylvanians Under a Deluge From Heaven and a Storm of Spanish Bullets. The Scene Was Lighted by the Flashes From the
Sky and the Guns of the Americans as They Swept the Enemy From the Top of the Works Which They Had Mounted in Greatly Superior Force.
sylvanians had four rounds for
the man when succored. Major
O'Hara then sent information to
Greene of his move.
By this time the , fire was
heavy and continuous, vastly dif
ferent from the usual outpost
shooting of the Spaniards. The
natives had aroused the camp.
The call to arms sounded at mid
night and the First Battalion of
Californians. closely followed by
the remaining battalions, march
ed to the front, cheering as they
crossed muddy fields in a pitiless
THREE VICTIMS OF THE BATTLE OF MALATE.
Bradv Was Killed and Johnson and Walters Were Among, the Seriously Wounded.
rain. -
Marching beside Colonel
James F. Smith of the First Cal
ifornia Regiment, I reached the
trenches before the correspond
ents of any other American pa
pers. Only one other paper was
represented on the field that
night.
Going down the Calle road we
met the insurgents running
away, firing as they ran. The
California First Battalion was
thrown immediately forward. In
the trenches I found Krag-Jor
gensen rifles of the regulars do
ing deadly work. I have seen
the new rifle tried and know it is
an effective weapon.
The Second California Battal
ion deployed on the right, hold
ing the line to Pasay, the Third
being in reserve, with the Colo
rados in the rear. Not one in
surgent was found in the
trenches.
For three hours the Spaniards
were maintaining a galling enfi
lading fire, but they shot high,
making a veritable hell of the
ENTRY TO MANILA
MAY BE EFFECTED
WITHOUT FORCE
Operations to Cease as Sooq as
Merritt Learns of the Peace
Negotiations.
NEW YORK, Aug. 9.— The Washington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs the following: Although Spain has accepted the peace terms
proposed by the President, hostilities will not technically cease until the
signing of the protocol declaring the existence of an armistice. This
means that Manila will not be forcibly occupied by General Merritt' s troops
and that operations in the Philippines between the American and Spanish
forces will end as soon as Rear Admiral Dewey and Major General Merritt
are informed of the status of the peace negotiations.
This information will be sent to-morrow to Hongkong and from there
forwarded by the dispatch boat McCulloch to Manila.
second line of entrenchments
held by the Second California
Battalion. Crossing this line to
the front I crawled through the
mud while all about me scattered
a storm of bullets. At this point
the most casualties occurred to
the relieving troops. The Penn
sylvanians were shot outside the
trenches.
The Spanish fire gradually
slackened toward morning. At
daylight the garrison retired be
hind sandbag entrenchments at
Malate. Only the sharp bark of
the rifles of the American sharp
shooters picking off Spaniards
were heard occasionally. That
ceased after sunrise, when the
weary troops were relieved and
the recovery of the dead began.
The Spaniards carried off their
dead as they retired and none
were found. The Spaniards shot
brass-coated balls. The Spanish
losses are unknown, but are re
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ported heavy.
The Astor Battery did not go
into action, as its gun cartridges
were damaged in the transfer
from the transport to the beach.
The men were compelled to lie
in camp and fume while the
fightin^proceeded. To-day Cap
tain March is keeping the men
busy putting dry powder into
shells.
General Greene issued an or
der thanking officially the Penn
sylvanians, the Californians, the
Utahs and the Third Artillery for
bravery in action and steadiness
under fire.
AMERICANS WHO FELL
IN THE MALATE BATTLE
Official List of Those Killed and
Wounded While Bepulsing tho
Spanish Onslaught.
Special Cable to The Call and the Xew York
Herald. Copyrighted, 189S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
CAVITE, Aug. 4 (via Hongkong. Aug.
9.).— There was a heavy encasement
before Malate on the night of July 31.2
CAPTAIN REINhjOLD RICHTER.
The Commander of Company I, First California, Seriously
Wounded at Malate.
IN the list of those seriously wounded at Malate, near Manila, appears the
name of Captain Relnhold Richter of Company I, First California Regiment
of Volunteers. He is a man of military experience, having served in the Na
tional Guard of California for nine years. He enlisted in Battery C of the
Second Artillery, July 8, ISB9, was appointed corporal February 13, 1890, was
commissioned second lieutenant January 2*>, ISSI. and first lieutenant June 27. 1592.
Prior to his service in the National Guard he had served for live years in the
regular army, rising to the rank of first sergeant.
Captain Richter was born in Austria forty-one years ago. He came to the
United States in 1876 and has resided in San Francisco since ISSO. He is married
and is the father of two children. He la the proprietor of a grocery store at Page
and Octavia streets.
Captain Richter is popular with the men of his company and as a citizen he
is highly esteemed by all who know him.
The Spaniards attacked the American
intrenchments with a severe enfilading
fire. The Tenth Pennsylvania and the
Utah Artillery in the trenches repelled
the attempt of the Spanish to carry our
right fiar.k. The Third Artillery, act
ing as infantry, reinforced them and
saved the position.
General Greene called Camp Dewev to
arms, and dispatched the California
and Colorado regiments to the assist
ance of those under fire. Our losses
were heavy, considering the number*
engaged. Ten were killed and forty
six wounded. It is reported the Span
ish also lost heavily, but the correct
figures are unobtainable.
The following were killed:
CORPORAL WALTER E.
BROWN, Company D, Tenth Penn
sylvania Volunteers.
PRIVATE JOHN BRADY JR.,
Company I, Tenth Pennsylvania Vol
unteers.
PRIVATE JESSE NOSS. Company
E, Tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers.
PRIVATE WILLIAM STILL
WAGON, Company E, Tenth Penn
sylvania Volunteers.
PRIVATE JACOB HULL, Com
pany E, Tenth Pennsylvania Volun
teers.
PRIVATE WILLIAM E. BRIN
TON, Company E, Tenth Pennsyl
vania Volunteers.
PRIVATE ELI DAWSON, Battery
X, Third Artillery.
FIRST SERGEANT MAURICE
JUSTH, First California Volunteers.
PRIVATE J. A. McELRATH,
Battery H, Third Artillery.
PRIVATE C. J. EDWARDS.
1 San Francisco Boy of Company (\, First California,
Wf)o Was Seriously Wounded.
AMONG those reported as seriously wounded in the fight with the Span
iards at Malate is C. J. Edwards of San Francisco. He is a private of
Company A of the First Regiment of California Volunteers'. He Is a
painter, 1b 27 years old, and Is married. His wife, since his departure,
has lived at the home of her father, Mr. Burna, at 124 Hawthorne street.
Private Edwards has a mother living in this city.
PRIVATE WINFIELD A.
SCHNEIDER, Company E, Tenth
Pennsylvania Volunteers, succumbed
to his wounds on August 2.
The following were seriously wound
ed:
VICTOR H. HOLMES, Company
X, Tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers,
shot in chest.
FIRST SERGEANT T7LSH, Com
pany C, Tenth Pennsylvania Volun
teers, shot in groin.
SERGEANT ALVA WALTER,
Company D, Tenth Pennsylvania
Volunteers, wounded in chest and
leg.
R. RICHTER, Company I, First
California Volunteers, shot in head.
C. J. EDWARDS, Company A,
First California Volunteers, shot in
left shoulder.
CHARLES WINFIELD, Battery
H, Third Artillery, wounded in neck.
The following were slightly wounded:
In Company A, Tenth Pennsyl
vania Volunteers — A. R. Johnson,
Harvey Funkchauser, Earl Shaw, lat
ter in left arm.
In the Tenth Pennsylvania Vol
unteer Regiment, Company D—Cor
poral Harry L. Bishop, left arm; Al
bert R. London, right hand; Matthew
J. Welsh, right hand; Charles W.
Wallace, leg; Corporal H. E. Crom
well, leg and arm; George Calhoun,
arm; Charles E. Maloy, right arm;
Alvin Snyder, left handj Lieutenant
j A. J. Buttermore, forehead.
THE SAIS T FEAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST TO, 1893.
In Company B, Tenth Pennsyl
vania Volunteers — Captain J. A. Lar,
scalp; C. H. Ernenheiser, right hand
and arm; Howard Miner, left iiand;
S D. Dobbs, left arm; Sergeant N. J.
Kurs, scalp; George Wastaboug, left
rhoulder.
In Company F, Tenth Pennsyl
vania Volunteers — Walter J. Schied
ier.
In Company I, Tenth Pennsyl
varia Volunteers — Corporal A. V.
Popell, right leg.
In Company X, Tenth Pennsyl
vania Volunteers — C. S. Carter, right
s-"de, Albert Hunnell, right nand.
In the First California Regiment — I
Company B, A. K. Royers, shot :
through the right hand, right ear ■
end breast by the same bullet.
In Company J, First California ;
Vclunteers — Charles Stuart, right
hand; H. C. Pay sot, right thigh; !
Daniel O'Neil, back; W. E. Schmidt,
ana; Robert Nicholson, right shoul-
der; Musician Ernest Townsend,
back.
In Utah Volunteers, Battery B —
J. J. Winkler, left arm.
In Third Artillery, Battery A—
Robert L. Officer, left shoulder.
In Third Artillery, Battery H—
Philip Saver, left leg; Henry S.
Stockfleth, back; Captain Hobbs, left
thigh.
FIRST VOLUNTEER
WOUNDED AT MANILA
Private William Sterling of the First
Nebraska Struck by a Spanish
Bullet.
Special cable to The Call ar.d the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, lsys, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BY SOL. N. SHERIDAN.
CAMP DEWEY, July 30 (via Hong
kong, Aug. 9). — The first American
shots were fired at Manila to-day.
Yesterday the first American was
wounded by a Spanish bullet. Private
William Sterling, of Company X, First
Nebraska Volunteers, while on out
post duty on the Pasay road was
slightly wounded in the left arm by a
spent Mauser bullet. General Greene
to-day advanced his trenches eighty
yards ii^to the suburbs of Malate,
throwing the insurgents to the right
Inland toward Pasay. From the beach
to Pasay the country is covered by
the guns of the Utah battery to a dis
tance of three miles from the walled
city.
While the Utah men under Captains
Grant and Young were constructing
earhworks and placing their guns in
position, Nebraska sharpshooters in
the second story of a deserted Euro
pean house within the American lino v
opened fire on the Spaniards, who /were
showing in the open between the
trenches. I believe no Spaniards were
hit. The earthworks before Malate
SERGEANT MAURICE JUSTh|.
(\ San Francisco Member of the First California Regi
ment, filled in the F'Qbt Near Manila.
FIRST SERGEANT MAURICE JUSTH of Company A, Captain Conley, of
the First Regiment of California Volunteer Infantry, killed in the fight at
Malate, near Manila, on tht? night of July 31, was a resident of San Fran
cisco. For five years he had been employed as a salesman in the estab
lishment of Meyerstein & Co., 2 Battery street, and was a popular and
faithful employe. He was born in Bohemia twenty-six years ago, but had
lived in San Francisco nearly all his life, his parents coming here when he was
a mere child. His parents are at present visiting their old home in Bohemia.
He has an uncle and aunt, Mr. and Mrs. Wiescr, living in this city. Emile
Wieser, also of the First California Regiment, is his cousin.
Young Justh had served in the California National Guard for nine years, and
on April 1, ISSS, Was made sergeant. He was mustered into the volunteer ser
vice as first sergeant.
GENERAL GREENE
PRAISES HIS MEN
MANILA BAT, Aug. 4, via Hongkong, Aug. 9.— General Greene
has issued this address to the troops:
"Camp Dewey, Near Manila.
"The brigadier general commanding desires to thank the troops
engaged last night for the gallantry and skill displayed by them in
repelling such a vigorous attack by largely superior forces of Span
iards. Not an inch of ground was yielded by the Tenth Pennsyl
vania and Utah Artillery, stationed in the trenches.
"A battalion of the Third Artillery and First Regiment, Califor
nia Volunteer Infantry, moved forward to their support through a
galling fire with the utmost intrepidity. The courage and steadi
ness shown by all in the engagement is worthy of the highest com
mendation."
CAPTAIN CHARLES W. HOBBS.
A Gallant Officer of the Third United States Artillery,
Wounded in the Battle Near Manila.
f* APTAIN CHARLES W. HOBBS of Battery X, Third Artillery, whose name
I appears in the list of wounded in the fight of July 31 at Malate, near
Manila., was well known in San Francisco, having been stationed at Alca-
I ,traz Island for quite a long period.
** Captain Hnbbs has a brilliant record. He was born in New York in 1842,
and at the age of 20, in 1562, was appointed a second lieutenant in the One Hun
dred and Thirteenth New York Infantry, being transferred a few months later
to the Seventh New York Artillery. In July, 1563, he was promoted to the rank
of first lieutenant; In November, ISC4, he was made captain; in March, 1565, he rose
to the rank of major, and was mustered out of the volunteer service in July,
1865.
Captain Hobbs was breveted lieutenant colonel of New York volunteers for
gallant and meritorious services during the war; brevet first lieutenant of the
"United States army for gallantry on the field of battle at Spottsylvania, and bre
vet captain for similar conduct at the battle of Cold Harbor, where his left hand
was shot off, there remaining but one finger, and he was also wounded In one
of his legs. Upon recovery from these wounds he rejoined his regiment and
engaged in the siege of Petersburg. He also filled several Important staff positions.
Captain Hobbs entered the regular army service as a second lieutenant in the
Third Artillery, In September, 1867. He was promoted to first lieutenant in 1875,
and was made captain In 1596. He is an honor graduate of the Artillery School
at Fortress Monroe, class of ML
served the double purpose of displacing
the Insurgents, who no longer are con
sidered trustworthy by the military
authorities, and also of controlling the
southern approach to the city to pre
vent the escape of the Spanish when
the fleet bombards and the troops at
tack from San Pedro, Malate and Man
duyalayon. It is considered probable
that a small section of the Third Bri
gade will land on the northern side for
a similar purpose. All this is in the
event that Captain General August! re
fuses to surrender.
Two privates of Company L of the
First California Regiment were cap
tured by four pf Aguinaldo's soldiers
armed with rifles, under command of
Colonel Arrivaldo of Aguinaldo's staff,
to-day, while felling timber. Colonel
Smith, with General Greene's authori
zation, promptly dispatched thirty
armed men, who released the Ameri
cans and marched the natives to
headquarters.
The Astor Battery has not been sent
to the front, being held in reserve for
the assault.
AMERICANS PLAY CARDS
UNDER SPANISH FIRE
Act in the Face of the Enemy Like
High-Spirited Youths on a
Picnic.
LONDON, Aug. 10.— The correspond
ent of the Times at Cavite, under date
of August Ist, says: Yesterday I visit
ed Camp Dewey and the American in
trenchments before Malate. Captain
Grant and Captain Young of the Utah
Artillery, were busily throwing up ad
vanced earthworks for guns, under pro
tection of the Nebraska volunteers.
From the upper floor of an European
house, forming an alignment with the
earthworks, I was observing the Span
ish positions, when a Nebraska sharp
shooter beside me fired the first shot
discharged by the Americans upon the
Spaniards, who were crouching in the
forward trench.
This was contrary to General Mer
ritt's orders. He had forbidden an ag
gressive attitude unless the Spaniards
advanced.
The insurgents, now in force on land
on the right of the American lines, also
opened fire. The Spaniards replied
briskly with quick-firing guns and
rifles, but their shooting was high and
their shots fell a half mile beyond the
intrenchments, where a colored volun
teer picket was hit by a Mauser bullet.
Personally, I was not impressed by
the nonchalant demeanor of the Amer
icans in the fighting line. They were
like high-spirited youths on a -picnic.
Whole groups lying in the second line
were playing cards. Had the Span
iards, who were unaccountably non-ag
gressive during the American landing
and advance, dropped shrapnel from
the Malate forts, they would have
wrought terrible havoc, one house
forming a conspicuous mark being
within easy gun range.
California Postmasters.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 9.— The appoint
ment by the President of the following
postmasters was made to-day: California
— Madera, C. D. Parsons; Sonora, C. C.
Ortoga.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Warm Weather
Weakness is quickly overcome by
the toning and blood enriching qualities
of Hood's Sarsaparilla. This great
medicine cures that tired feeling almost
as quickly as the sun dispels the morn-
ing mist. It also cures pimples, boils,
salt rheum, scrofula and all other trou-
bles originating in bad, impure blood.
HOOd'S Sa p r a?H, a
Is America's Greatest Medicine. H; «lx for |S.
Hood's PIIU cure biliousness; indigestion.
COAMO TAKEN
AFTER A BATTLE
LASTING AN HOUR
Five Spanish Officers aod Nine
Men KjHed and Six Ameri
cans Wounded.
COAMA, Porto Rico, Aug. 9, via
St. Croix. — Coamo w captured this
morning after an hour's fight. The
Spaniards retreated to Aibonito. The
commandant and four other officers
and nine men were killed. The Ameri
can loss was six wounded, all belonging
to the Sixteenth Pennsylvania.
Acting under orders, Brigade Com
mander Ernst, with the Sixteenth
Regiment, moved out from his camp
on Descalbros River last night after
dark. Colonel Hulings took his men
to the left through the fields and woods
to avoid discovery by the Spaniards and
this morning found himself a mile and
a quarter beyond the town, in a fine
position, commanding the Spaniard's
road of escape to Aibonito. There he
waited for developments in front.
These came in the shape of a forward
movement at dawn of the Second and
Third Wisconsin troops. Troops C of
New York and Captain Avelerson's
battery of the Fourth Regular Artil
lery.
The fun began in earnest when the
battery unlimbered in an open field to
the right of the road, commanding a
blockhouse 1500 yards away on another
road leading into Coamo. Several times
reconnoitering parties have been fired
upon from this blockhouse and the in
tention was to destroy it.
The firing began at 8 o'clock fro*n
four guns. The blockhouse replied
with Mausers. The range, however,
was so great that no damage was done
and the firing quickly ceased. In a
few minutes the blockhouse was in
flames.
The battery then limbered up and
took a more advanced position on the
hill commanding the town. Troop C
was sent around to flank the town on
the right, while the Second Wisconsin
or the left of the main road and the
Third Wisconsin on the right m »ved
trfth the skirmishers ahead directly on
the town. The bridge over Coamo hav
ing been destroyed by the Spaniards
some days ago it was impossible fcr
wagons or horses to cross that stream
at that place, but fords were found and
everything advanced.
During this time heavy firing was
heard behind the town. It was known
then that the Sixteenth Pennsylvania
was engaged with the fleeing Spaniards.
Colonel Hulings having placed his
men in the best position, was biding his
time. He heard the firing of artillery,
and within twenty minutes the Span
iards came flying down the road.
Colonel Biddle of General Wilson's
staff and Lieutenant Lester Simos ad
vanced toward the road. The enemy
saw the Americans and opened fire on
them.
This began the engagement, which
was kept up for twenty minutes,
when 200 Spaniards surrendered. About
150 escaped.
None of. the Sixteenth Regiment vol
unteers were killed. The following
were wounded: Vincent Jolly, Com
pany F, shot in the arm; Frank Whit
lock. Company C, shot in the thigh;
Clyde Frank, Company C, shot in the
leg; Corporal Vaines, Company D,
slightly wounded; Private Lupold,
Company I, shot In the r.rm; Corporal
Barnes, Company E, shot In the breast,
dangerous.
The Spanish officers killed were:
Major Rafael Yalloseas, comandante;
Captain Jose Sanchez, Captain Ecoule
and Captain Sante Lopez.
OHIO VOLUNTEERS RUN
INTO SPANISH AMBUSH
Fight Their Way Forward and Take
the Enemy's Position, With the
Loss of But Five Wounded.
GUAYAMA, Porto Rico, Aug. B.— ln a
fight five miles beyond this city this
afternoon five of the Fourth Ohio Vol
unteers were wounded. The names of
the wo-unded are: Private Edgington,
Company A, shot in the thigh; Private
Haines, Company C, shot in the shoul
der and cheek; Private Snell. Company
C, shot in the knee; Corporal Thomp
son, Company X, shot in the wrist; Pri
vate Biglow, Company X, shot in the
foot. All of the Americans will recover.
!■ ADVERTISEMENTS. : "
5000 BARRELS
Of highest grade western refinery sugar, best sugar in the world, on sale to-
day at trade bringing prices. This sugar is so pure, so clean and so cheap
that it out-sells any sugar in the world. Goes East and goes West, as far .
as Hongkong, directly into the great sugar markets there. We speak mostly '
of the fine granulated, as it supersedes nearly all others. Though we supply
other grades and qualities our 50-pound box is fine for small families. We
sell at barrel rates: Boxes may be returned and credited if in good order.
FINE WHITE SUGAR. COVERED SLATE AND PENCIL. . . .5c
100 lbs. double bags, securely packed. $5 88. This is not the largest but the best and a
50- Ib boxes, put up full weight. •$3 10. • proper size for little folks la or out of school.
17 lbs. in muslin or paper bag, $1. iiniicr nine "*.
336-Ib barrels, at barrel rate. $19 74. MOUSE TRAPS ....;. •• 5c
Bmall lots, same basis by the pound. aix/vju i»ni *> 31,
. • ' This Is called the "knock-out" for mice
Ffifi Fflfin 1 .lOC rats and »"«•..■ Will you try one? A handy "
EUU rUUU .....••••••••••• • . IWV little trap by mail, Sc. .
This Is a 'popular 40-cent packape of which • ,_,,_,.,. wr , „ .__, ..__ • • ■■ -
we have too much and wiU divide with our JJARYSVILLE PANTS . . . . S2 Of
friends, the poultry keepers, on this basis. a }* ai •* .•*~T'- _..* * l ? \? •• • • • ..; • • .*6.W»
 You know we have a reason for advertising
FI FAS FI FF ..... . lOC tnese flne trousers 'or men at about the price
Htrtj ILiLi Li . ............ • • ■»» of cotton worsteds elsewhere; all regular
'■' This is the best flea remedy we ever tried sizes on hand. Extra sizes and special sizes
and the writer is a victim of these "beauts." mads to order for *3 75. .
It is a liquid and cannot be mailed; regular _. i'.rwy ' ' ' -
price : 25c; to Introduce it, 100. WIDE LACE '. ....'.. . . . 2C
CHAVINfi RRINHFS ... . 5C Thls ls n a 1 4 rKe lot of several thousand yards,
MIATinU DHL3UC3 . • ...... •• •«» 1% to » Inches wide. The whole lot goes
If they last three years you'll be satisfied now at 2 cents per yard. Dealers be on th«
with the price. If ten years all the better. alert, tis 10-cent goods. •
LITTLE DRESSES" ... . • •'., : 50c BOYS' SADDLES . .... . . . . ; . $2.75
T^rrlt^U^Vll^'uW^ at an^ U> ' ; Sd^ys^es^ TlfS.sadd^. Kit
Wallpapar sale again to-day, low as 8e A^hS B^^B b^j U HjB H — NBH
Chest Protectors. beßt quality, No. 2. .....:40c \':^^0?£ ■ , ii KB ■ '■ > ™..;',' l -^ ..
Chest Protectors, best quality, No. 2... ■•■•'•Oc — ■ P^ ■ ™ -
Snow Shoe* for the north. *7 kind.... ..83 tU> £F\ m £?\ m n ' : fv EBS3 £Ttk fTi ■•'
Heavy Alaska Tents for all winter...... » 1000 t. >«^| &M STT I 1 14* frj
Heavy Qerman Hose for cold weather.. fl OO ./^ • IVJ ■■ -,-.A^ •!■..%# rvl*
Children's 15-c«nt Wool Hose, broken lines. . o "_
5. ■-..„.......... 5c 25-2T Market St., F.
The Spanish loss has not yet b??n
learned. Several wounded Spaniards
were seen.
Companies A and C of the Fourth
Ohio ran into a Spanish force where the
road makes two short turns. The Span
iards lay in ambush at the first turn.
They were driven out of this position
by the Americans after a sharp fight,
but were able to hold the second turn
until reinforcements arrived.
The strength of the Spanish position
was such that it is a wonder that the
two companies which ran into the am
bush were not wiped out. Colonel Colt's
men took the first Spanish position
from a superior force of the enemy am'
held their ground until more troops
could come up.
The Spaniards were Intrenched on ont"
side behind a blockhouse and on the
other behind earthworks located on top
of a hill. Nothing but a shallow dltth
on the left side of the road had saved
the American troops, for that the fire
had been blistering hot there was
shown by the trees, leaves and bough*
which had been torn away by Spanish
shot.
The first shell from the dynamite gwx
landed at one side of the blockhouse
and exploded with a terrific roar. The
Spaniards were thrown into a panic
and fled from the hill. The shell tore
a hole in the ground for a distance of
fifty feet.
NO MORE TROOPS
FOR GENERAL MILES
Dispatch of Beinforcements Stopped
in Accordance With His
Report.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 9.— The Secre
tary of War has stopped the dispatch
of further reinforcements to Port>
Rico. General Miles reported by cab'e
this morning that the force at his com
mand was ample for the purpose oi
completing the conquest of the island.
This leaves all of General Wade's pro
visional corps of eighteen regiments
still in the United States. It is believed
that all of General Wilson's division,
except the Third Kentucky and Fifth
Illinois, has already sailed, and they
will be allowed to proceed. These two
regiments are at Newport News an<l
will be detained there until the depart
ment has arranged for their further de
tail.
CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS
HOLD THE TRENCHES
Fighting by the Side of the Colorad
ans, They Bepel an Attach
by Spaniards.
BY SOL N. SHERIDAN.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gor
don Bennett.
CAMP DEWET, Aug. 2 (via Hong
kong, Aug. 9).— The Spaniards renewed
the assault on the intrenchments last
night. The works were held by the
Third Battalion of Calif ornians and
the Colorado Regiment. There was
heavy cannonading at intervals. An
attempt was made to turn the Ameri
cans' right where the trenches are now
protected. Private Fred Springstead
of Company D, Colorado, was killed,
and Private Edward Zachary of Com
pany G, Colorado, wounded in the
thigh. Private Fred H. Field of Com
pany F, California, was wounded in the
shoulder. The wounds of both men
are slight.
THEIR RESIGNATIONS
PROMPTLY ACCEPTED
Officers of the Sixth Massachusetts,
at Porto Rico, Excused From
Further Duty.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 9.— The Presi
dent has accepted the resignations of
Colonel Charles F. Woodward, Lieuten
ant Colonel George H. Chaffln, Major
George H. Taylor and Captain 17. A.
Goodell, all of the Sixth Massachusetts,
now on duty in Porto Rico. They have
been discharged from further service.
No explanation concerning the matter
is given at the War Department, but
press dispatches spoke of the trouble
in the regiment.SPAIN ACCEPTS
ALL OUR TERMS
WAR OVER AND
PEACE TO BE
PROCLAIMED
McKinley Completely Sat
isfied That There Can
Be No Hitch.
Spain Yields So Unequivocally
That Hostilities Will at Once
Be Suspended.
WASHINGTON.. Aug. 9.— The war is over. Spain has
•• formally accepted the terms proposed by the United States as
• . a basis for negotiations of a treaty of peace. These terms are
as follows :
•: First — Spain to relinquish all claim of sovereignty over
or title to the Island of Cuba and immediately evacuate the
island.
Second — Spain to cede to the United States the Island of
Porto Rico and all islands under Spanish sovereignty in the
West Indies and immediately evacuate the same.
Third— Spain to cede the United States an island (Guam)
in the Ladrones.
Fourth — The United States to occupy and hold the city,
bay and harbor of Manila pending conclusion of a treaty of
peace which shall control and determine the government of
the Philippine Islands.
Fifth — Spain having accepted these conditions In their
entirety commissioners will be named by the United States
to meet commissioners on the part of Spain for the purpose
of concluding a treaty of peace on the basis above indicated.
The President is satisfied with Spain's note of acceptance,
and Secretary Day, on behalf of the United States, and Embas
sador Cambon, representing Spain, will meet to-morrow to pre
pare and complete a protocol embodying in formal diplomatic
language the terms imposed by the United States and accepted
by Spain.
I was assured by a member of the Cabinet to-night that
Spain had accepted unequivocally all conditions, and that there
could be no possible hitch in the negotiation of a protocol
which will operate to suspend hostilities. I was further assured
by the same authority that there is no truth in the report that
Spain has made as a condition of her acceptance a demand to
have the Cuban debt and the question of time and method of
evacuating Cuba and Porto Rico referred to commissioners for
settlement. In connection with her note of acceptance certain
arguments are made, appealing for the right to withdraw her
troops from Cuba and Porto Rico with all the honors of war, the
Spanish troops to be allowed to retain their arms, etc. Re
quests are also made for the retention of certain military' prop
erty.
All these requests will receive proper consideration in
framing the details of the protocol, but I was assured to-night
that they in no way affect the general conditions laid down by
the President, and that the authorities regard Spain's note as
such a full and complete acceptance of all our terns that there
will be no necessity for further exchange of nt>tes between the
two countries.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
One's physical feelings, like the faithful
Better, search and point out plaiuly the
fact of disease or health.
If a man is not feeling well and vigorous
—if he is losing flesh and vitality, if he is
Ji«tless, nervous, sleepless, he certainly is
not well. The down hill road from health
to sickness is smooth and declines rapidly.
•':. At the first intimation of disease, the
. wise man takes a pure, simple vegetable
• tonic. It puts his digestion into good ac-
tive order and that puts the rest of his
: body in order. The medicine that will do
.this is a medicine that is good to take in
■ny trouble of the blood, the digestion, or
•Jhe respiration, no matter how serious it
may have become.
The medicine to take is Dr. Pierre's
Golden Medical Discovery. It is a remark-
able remedy. It cures diseases in a per-
fectly natural way, without the use of
• strong drugs. It cures by helping Nature.
It has a peculiar tonic effect on the lining
jnembranc-s of the stomach and bowels.
'• By putting these membranes into healthy
condition, stimulating the secretion of the
various digestive juices and furnishing to
•the blood tbr- proper purifying properties.
it reaches out over the whole body and
drives disease-germs before it into the
. usual excretory channels. It builds up
firm muscular flesh, makes the skin and
the eyes bright.
; Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery
' has been found wonderfully efficacious in
the treatment of skin diseases — eczema,
tetter, erysipelas, salt-rheum — from com-
mon pimples or blotches to the worst cue
•f scrofula.
MANY CONJECTURES AT
THE NATIONAL CAPITAL
WASHINGTON, Aug. 9.— More than
twenly-four hours after It had begun
to reach Washington the Spanish note
In answer to the President's peace con
ditions was presented at the White
House by the French Embassador.
What the nature of the answer waj
can only be conjectured at this stage,
the Secretary of State at the conclu
sion of the conference making the for
mal statement that nothing whatever
could be said on the subject. The con
ference lasted an hour and twenty-five
minutes. This prolonged discussion was
believed to Indicate that the Spanish
answer was not satisfactory in all re
spects, though in Just what points it
fell short of meeting the expectations
of the President it is impossible to ray.
It was felt by observers that had the
answer been a. complete acceptance of
our terms the result would have been
made public. On the otfier hand it
would be a strained inference to con
clude that the answer was unsatis
factory entirely, for in that case, ac
cording to the Presidents statement
heretofore made, his offer would have
been definitely withdrawn and the war
resumed with greater energy than be
fore.
The reply of the Spanish Government
is understood to be a document embrac
ing about 1200 words. The copy deliv
ered to the President was in English,
the translation from Spanish to French
having been made at Paris and that
from French to English having been
made here prior to the presentation of
the answer at the White House.
In the absence of an official state
ment, it is impossible to give the Span
ish position on the several American
conditions, but from the best informa
tion obtainable, in treating each sub
ject Cuba, Porto Rico, Ladrones, Ma
nila and peacecommission — an accept
ance in some cases is understood to re
late to conditions somewhat different
to those laid down by the American
Government. As to Cuba, the Ameri
can terms demanded the evacuation of
the island, without specifying the fu
ture form of government. The Spanish
reply is said to accept the principle
that Spanish sovereignty over Cuba
will terminate, but it is understood to
take up the future government of the
island, and, because of the extent of the
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 10, 1898.
Spanish interests there, is said to take
the view, either expressed or implied,
that the United States should admin
ister the affairs of the island. As to the
time of evacuating Cuba, this is a de
tail which the Spanish reply is said to
regard as among many which can be
left to the commission for final deter
mination.
The American conditions as to Porto
Rico, the Ladrones, Manila, etc., are
believed to be accepted, but the topics
are treated at some length and it will
lequire the full text to show how far
the language used may be construed
as an acceptance.
The provision as to the commission
is assented to. The commission is to
consist of five commissioners on each
side, with Paris as the probable meet
ing place.
The outcome of the conference is un
known, but the best opinion obtainable
is that the matter is still open, that
Embassador Cambon will report to
Spain the results of his efforts and the
desires of this Government and that
another reply from Spain as to some
details will be necessary to a final con
clusion.
There were Just four parties, to the
conference. President McKinley and
Secretary Day on this side and M.
Cambon, the French Embassador, and
his first secretary of legation, M. Thie
bault, presenting the case of Spain.
SPAIN WILL INSIST
UPON AN ARMISTICE
BATONNE, France, Aug. 9.—Dis
patches received here from Madrid,
dated yesterday, announce that the
form of the Spanish Government's ac
ceptance of the American peace condi
tions involves the publication of an
armistice. This, it is added, must be
agreed to by the United States, and if
the United States insists upon the im
mediate evacuation of Cuba and Porto
Rico the Cortes will be convoked with
in fifteen days.
Continuing, the Madrid dispatches
say: "The most rigorous military cen
sorship is exercised to-day. The news
papers are not allowed to refer to the
plot against Senor Sagasta's life, nor
to the appearance of revolutionary
bands in the Castilian province. Con
cerning the plot, it is said the conspira
tors have drawn lots to decide which
of them shall carry out its purpose, and
that the task has fallen upon an Amer
ican named Disball, who has suffered
Imprisonment in the fortress of Mont
juich for participation in one of the
Barcelona anarchist outrages. and
whose sentence was recently commuted
by the Supreme Court to expulsion
from Castile. The band consists of
twenty men. According to some ac
counts they are Republicans, and oth
ers say they are Carlists. Their firpt
move was to attack a customs post and
capture all the arms. Next they cut
all the telegraph and telephone wires.
HOW MUCH VALUABLE
TIME MAY BE SAVED
LONDON, Aug. 10.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Times says: There
is no longer any doubt that the Amer
ican proposals have only been accepted
at referendum. There was some differ
ence of opinion, but a majority of the
Cabinet decided that the Government
would be exceeding its powers if it con
sented unreservedly to a cession of ter
ritory, and that therefore it would be
better to state this fact clearly and
thus avoid any possible misunderstand
ing with the United States.
The decision now rests with President
McKinley. If he is willing to negotiate
on this conditional basis much valuable
time will be saved, but if he insists
upon the consent of the Cortes consid
erable delay will be inevitable. The ul
timate sanction of the Cortes is certain,
but the debates might be protracted,
since the procedure of the Spanish
Parliament does not provide for clos
uring of fractious obstruction.
The note of the United States, it is
said, suggests that, in any case, the
non-consent of the Cortes need not pre
vent a suspension of hostilities. It is
to be hoped that Washington will take
this view and thus avoid bloodshed, as
there is no doubt that the garrison at
San Juan de Porto Rico will resist as
obstinately as did the garrison at San
tiago de Cuba.
FRENCH PAPER OFFERS
A KNOTTY CONUNDRUM
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1308, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, Aug. 9.— Eclair this morning
asks to ivhom will the remainder of
the Philippines belong if America only
keeps Manila and the neighboring ter
ritory. In any case, it says, the neigh
boring territory will have to be won
from Aguinaldo, and if it is then re
stored to Spain further difficulty may
be created should the peninsular gov
ernment try to sell it in order to make
a little money with which to cover the
cost of the war.
SUTRO'S REMAINS
WILL BE CREMATED
WILL LIE IN STATE AT THE
HEIGHTS TO-DAY.
Date of the Funeral Has Not Been
Set, But It Will Be Simple and
Strictly Private.
The body of the late Sutro will
lie in state in the beautiful residence on
the Cliff this morning until 10 o'clock,
when services will be held by the Rev.
Jacob Nieto, after which it will be
taken to the Odd Fellows' Cemetery and
incinerated.
The arrangements for the funeral were
completed yesterday morning and the
family has decided that it will be strict
ly private. No public announcement will
be made and none but the immediate rel
atives will be present, 'xhe place of final
interment has not yet been decided upon,
but the ashes will probably be placed in
the family plat in the Jewish cemetery,
and the services throughout will be as
simple as possible.
Nothing definite is known as to the dis
position made of the immense estate, but
ft is believed that he left a will in which
he divided the oroperty equally among
his children, and that the instrument
passed Into the custody of his daughter
when she was appointed guardian.
Universities to Be Consolidated.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 9.—Arrange
ments were made to-day for the consol
idation of the Portland University and
the Puget Sound University at Taco
ma, Wash., both schools being under
the control of the Methodist Episcopal
church.
North Dakota's Governor Dead.
BISMARCK, N. D., Aug. 9.— Governor
Briggrs of North Dakota died this morn-
Ing of consumption. J. A. Devlno Is
Lieutenant Governor.
STRUNG UP BY A
MOB OF CITIZENS
Denouement of the Orr
Assassination.
FIVE NEGROES ARE HANGED
THREE OF THE VICTIMS ABE
WOMEN.
Mrs. Orr, Charged With Complicity
in Her Husband's Murder,
Dies From a Dose of
Poison.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., Aug. 9.— Five
negroes are hanging from the limbs of
trees near the railroad track, and the
widow of John T. Orr is dead in her
cell. This is the tragic denouement of
the assassination of John T. Orr, a
wealthy merchant, at Clarendon a few
nights ago. The wife died from a dose
of poison, self-administered, whele the
negroes, her associates in crime, were
strung up by a mob of citizens.
The report of the lynching was re
ceived here at an early hour this morn
ing after telegraphic communication
had been suspended for the night, and
the only authentic details of the affair
came from the railroad operator at
Clarendon, who saw the lynching. Four
bodies, two women and two men, are
hanging from the limb of a tree not far
from his office, and a few paces away
dangles the body of another negro wo
man, the former cook in the Orr house
hold. Miss Morris, the Jewess impli
cated in the assassination, was not
hanged, she having disappeared last
night.
The lynched are: Manse Castle, Den
nis Ricord. Rilla Weaver, Susie Jacobs
and Will Saunders.
Late Saturday night John T. Orr was
assassinated while making a glass of
lemonade. He had just returned from
choir practice, where his wife was
organist. The crime was shrouded in
mystery until Miss Morris told some
body that Fhe knew who fired the shot.
The Coroner's inquest resulted in the
arrest of the five negroes and Mrs. Orr,
and a warrant for Miss Morris. It was
charged that the wife had hired the ne
groes to do the murder. Orr's life was
insured for $5000, and it developed at
the inquest that Orr and his wife lived
unhappily. Mr. Orr was formerly a
theatrical man. In 1890 the couple
eloped to a summer resort in Wiscon
sin, and were married. Later they set
tled in Clarendon, where Orr prospered
in business and was considered
wealthy at the time of his death.
AMERICAN SHIPS
PRAISED ABROAD
Irving M. Scott on His
Russian Mission.
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
BERLIN, Aug. I.— lrving M. Scott,
who is here with his son, Laurence
Irving Scott, a Cornell student, and ac
companied by his physician, Dr. George
Chismore, was seen at the KalserhofC
by a correspondent of the Associated
Press and expressed himself fully as to
his trip to Russia, undertaken in be
half of the Union Iron Works of Saa
Francisco.
Mr. Scott, who is the builder of the
battleship Oregon, of Admiral Dewey's
llagship, the Olympia, and of the
Charleston, and who showed the cor
respondent letters of congratulation re
ceived from Admiral Dewey, Captain
Chadwick of tho New York and others
on the splendid fighting and speed
qualities of his vessels, went to Rus
sia, where he stayed a month, for sev
eral purposes. The main one was to
ascertain on the spot the chances
America, and more particularly San
Francisco, will have in supplying the
region around the mouth of the Amoor
River, including Vladivostok and also
Port Arthur, with all sorts of river
craft, deep sea going vessels, ship
building material, railroad material,
etc. Mr. Scott spent part of his time
in St. Petersburg and the rest at
Moscow, the manufacturing center of
Russia, and made a thorough investi
gation of the situation. He said:
"I found that vast and progressive
region which is beginning to be known
as East Russia, along the Pacific, and
for which San Francisco is the nearest
point of supply, rapidly developing, and
I nlso found that the Russian manu
facturers are alive to this fact and that
Russian local industry is remarkably
progressive. I was everywhere re
ceived splendidly in Russia and found
no prejudice against America or Amer
ican manufacturers. But I did finl a
strong tendency on the part of the
Russians to manufacture their own
supplies, and a vigorous encourage
ment on the part of the Russian Gov
ernment to aid in this respect. How
ever, Americans will have as good a
chance as anybody in supplying Rus
sia with those manufactures and sup
plies which they cannot supply them
selves as well or as cheaply. Russia
will build her own ships, as far as she
can, and will purchase, besides, vessels
ready made from other nations. She
has five large warships now building in
St. Petersburg. There will be, though,
a chance for American manufacturers
to supply certain articles."
About the contracts concluded and
prepared by Mr. Scott, as the represen
tative of the Union Iron Works, he re
fused to speak.
"As for American ships," he added,
"I can say that in their performance
they now stand at the very front, and
the capacity of the United States for
building ships ranks second. The war
ship of the future, so far as evolutions
go, will be a battleship of cruiser
speed, fully protected, with heavy guns
and large coal capacity, and also heavy
armor. All these features combined
are possible in a warship, and they will
be combined better than heretofore."
Mr. Scott will spend only a few days
more in Germany, and will then go on
a brief business engagement to Eng
land, whence he will sail for New York.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ____^__ v _^..
let© ih& Enemy's Camp!
Not content with the great triumphs of the last month— not wishing, to rest
upon the laurels already earned— we inaugurate Wednesday
We are in this commercial battle to lead, and lead we will at all hazards.
Wednesday morning we inaugurate a sale of Men's and Boys' Clothing;
brand new fall styles, most of 'em not in the house twenty-four hours, from the
fashion centers of the world, from the master minds of artist tailors— clothes that
do us credit in selling.
This sale may be called off at short notice. It's a Defiance Sale. We have
reasons for holding it.
/f**\ TT^ TT^ l\. T TT"^ TT^
ililia^ r m^ t^ IMM also; in blues and fancy colorings.
H^«a^^^iit^^^^S^'i|^feL W&i foyer mind what they're worth—
B^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H^™ ft^rdefiance^ale'-hence th 3 price,
t|§ / \ L*sJ / \ gjl . _ .—--W. — -- W You'll see some of the swellest Suits,
'\S \ n^m'O / \ \ 7r--3^ k H some of the swellest Overcoat 8, that haw
1 I I^N^/ \ v.v.41^1 \\ ever been shown in Frisco, gems of fine
M ! ir'JrH \ I^l^ "\ \ \ tailoring, all brand new fall and winter
\ \\ r*Myli r \ \&*il \\\\ fashions, the loveliest of blues and
\ I Ul' \\\ // \\ \ blacks and fancy Worsteds. We d"fy
\ !v\' \\ // \\\\ t ne world to produce their like under
\ ) \i\ \\ If I \\ \ $15. It's a beautiful assortment. It's
\ \ ul \lf M a Defiance price. These at
\j\ V V $7.50.
: KLONDIKE NUGGETS,
Yes, it's just like picking th>m up in the street, easier than going to the Klondike
for gold.
Our Big Corner Window shows up our $18 and $20 Suits and Overcoats a richer
lot of handsomer garments never assembled under one roof, and the feature of it,
they're brand new fall garments— for business garments to grace the drawing-
room, for any occasion, garments that will do you credit. Their values stand in bold
relief in our Big Corner Window. You'd guess $18 to $20 every time.
Our Defiance Sale proclaims the price at ; -
$10.00.
Not that they're not worth more, but just to Not past season's styles, but this fall's
show our authority we name prices L he quality weights, up-to-date suit'}, in all-wool Scotches,
will tell. There's just 300 Suits of these in the double seats and double knees. Here's money-
pretty Reefer and two-piece style, elegantly savers for you, mothers, ivorth So. Sizes J. to
braided. All sizes. Wednesday at "* 15 years. Our Defiance price is
$1,25. 3-2. 50.
I About 600' pairs Boys' Knee Pants, all colorings, new ©
fall winter weights. A Defiance price, S
s*y 4-^
. y^rjMJT^^J^SJt^ftaß^^l^Bw>3S^ * . " jLJ-jlj X\J U ktIXvIO-L IJL l ■
3 11-1315 KtARINY ST. '->........
BOLE WILL STILL
BE AT THE HELM
No .Immediate Changes
in Hawaii.
PRESENT OFFICIALS SECURE
McKINLEY MAY NOT APPOINT
A GOVERNOR.
Will Wait Until Congress Provides
for a Permanent Form of
Government for the
Islands.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 9.— President
Sanford B. Dole of Hawaii is to con
tinue to exercise the functions of chief
executive of Hawaii until such time as
Congress shall receive the report of the
commission appointed to devise a form
of government for the island and shall
have enacted a statute for its govern
ment. There is to be no Governor of
Hawaii appointed by the President for
an indefinite time, if at all.
The attention of the State Depart
ment having been called to the reports
that President Dole was to be appolnt-
Ed Governor, as well as to another re
port that United States Minister Har
old M. Sewall was to be named for the
place, reference was made to the an
nexation act passed by the last Con
gress, which in one clause provides
that "until Congress shall provide for
the government of such islands all the
civil, judicial and military powers ex
ercised by Wi<c officers of ihe existing
Government in said islands shall be
vested in such person or persons and
shall be exercised in such manner aa
the President of the United States shall
direct, and the President shall have
power to remove said officers and to fill
the vacancies so occasioned."
It is said at the State Department
that, acting within the spirit of this
section, the President will continue in
office the present officials of the Ha
waiian Government, regarding it as a
needless disturbance of governmental
functions there to make any changes
in offices until Congress has provided
for a permanent form of government
for the islands.
EMBARKATION OF
THE SICK SPANIARDS
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Aug. 9.— The
auxiliary cruiser St. Louis arrived here
this morning, but owing to her great
length she was unable to enter the har
bor. The Ninth and Tenth Infantry
will be lightered out to her to-morrow
morning and she will leave in the af
ternoon with both regiments.
The shipment of troops, American
and Spanish, is being pushed with the
greatest activity. The embarkation of
the sick Spaniards on the Alicante was
a most pitiful sight. They were brought
from the hospitals on stretchers, in
wagons and upon the backs of their
comrades, often scarcely stronger than
the sick men they bore. The docks
were lined with officers and soldiers,
who supported or carried their wives
and daughters. The American wagons
and ambulances brought cartloads of
miserable, colorless skeletons. It was
a heartrending sight.
The steam lighters Bessie and Laura
were literally covered with the stretch
ers and litters, and the sick and dying
presented a ghastly scene. The em
barkation was partly effected in the
midst of a drenching rain, but abso
lute order was maintained and digni
fied, soldierly silence. No murmurs or
complaints were heard, although the
tale of suffering was told in the pale,
wan faces of all.
NORWEGIAN STEAMSHIPS
BROUGHT INTO PORT
American Warships Capture the
Aladdin and the Bergen in
Cuban Waters.
KEY "WEST, Aug. 9.— Two Norwegian
steamers have been added to the United
States' large collection of war prizes.
They are the Aladdin, captured by th«
auxiliary gunboat Hawk off Cadis light.
Isle of Pines, on Saturday last, and the
Bergen, taken by the auxiliary gunboat
Viking off Francis Key. on Sunday.
The Aladdin had cleared from Tampico;
Mexico, for Sagua Grande, with a cargo
of sugar. The Bergen was ostensibly
bound from Santiago for the same port,
for the purpose, it is said, of taking off
refugees. Both steamers were seized
without difficulty and were brought in
hrre to-day by prize crews respectively
under the command of Ensign Schofteld
and Lieutenant C. B. Belles.
Queen Regent Signs a Debt Decree.
MADRID, Aug. 9.— The Queen Regent
has signed a decree arranging for the
payment of the external debt and au
thorizing the conversion of the debt and
providing for an increase in the note
issue of the Bank of Spain.
Senators Sign Killen.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 9.— The Washing
ton Baseball Club to-night signed Frank
Killen, the left-handed pitcher, recently
released by the Plttsburg team. Pitcher
Cy Swain was given his ten days' notice
or release.
34
SPANIARDS LAY
DOWN THEIR ARMS
AT GUANTANAMO
Eleven Thousand Men Bow to the
Terms of General Toral's
Surrender.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York j
Herald. Copyrighted, 189S, by James Gor- j
- don Bennett.
GUANTANAMO. Aug. 8 (via Santi
ago de Cuba, Aug. 9.)— Final arrange
ments for the surrender of Guanta
namo were completed to-day, when the
Spanish regulars under General Parejo
•were ordered to withdraw from the
blockhouses along the trocha and de
liver over their arms to Brigadier Gen
eral Ewers, the military Governor of
the town. The trenches at Caimanera
and blockhouses along the railway were
evacuated by the Spaniards quietly.
The town of Guantanamo was thronged
with troops, and some excitement was
caused by the constant arrival of small
details of soldiers from outlying ■posts.
There were no formalities and few in
cidents to mark the proceedings. Span
ish colonels, with pale, thin and pinch
ed faces, marched through the streets
to the regimental barracks, apparently
glad of the opportunity to pile their
arms on the parade grounds and leave
Cuba for Spain. When all the details
are gathered in more than 6000 regular
troops will formally surrender their
arms and equipment in accordance with i
General Toral's agreement.
There was a sensational rumor in town
last night that the Spanish officers had i
determined to resist the disarmament
and refused to recognize Toral's au
thority to concede their surrender. This
was reported to General s Ewers, who
was told the Spaniards had planned
to seize the town and attack Caiman
era, where two companies of the Sec
ond Immunes had been landed. The
Cubans in town were credulous as
usual and gave wide circulation to the
report, which caused much alarm. Gen
eral Ewers called on General Parejo
and informed him what he had heard.
General Ewers, although he did not be
lieve the report, said he thought it his
duty to inform the Spanish command
er. General Parejo gave strong assur
ances of the absolute inaccuracy of the
report. The Spanish officers, he said,
were dissatisfied because Guantanamo
was included in the surrender, but
would loyally carry out its terms.
One of the first acts of General Ewers
when he demanded the surrender on
July 25 was to ask for the immediate
disarmament of the guerrillas and vol
unteers. This demand was complied
with. He found at Guantanamo 2,000,
000 rounds of ammunition and 6000
rifles. General Ewers' act in demand
ing the surrender of • Guantanamo was
one of the best examples of heroism in j
the war. He was landed above Cai
manera from the steamer Saratoga and
proceeded by rail to Guantanamo and
there, face to face with 11,000 Spanish
troops, demanded their capitulation in !
accordance with the terms of General i
Toral's agreement. He immediately
took possession of the Government
houses and issued a proclamation de
siring the people to return to their or
dinary business. He visited neighbor-,
ing sugar plantations to ascertain the
condition of affairs and informed their
owners that measures would be taken j
to protect their property. The public
prison was found to contain fourteen
political prisoners, who were confined
under long sentences for trivial offen- !
ses. These were released. The cases ;
of those charged with criminal offenses •
will be inquired into. •
Probably the most important task i
KIRKLAND HAS A
CHANCE FOR LIFE
Subjected to a Delicate
Operation.
INCISION OF THE ABDOMEN
DR. W. E. TAYLOR PERFORMS
THE TASK.
Straightens a Loop in the Bowels
That Soon Would Have
Caused the Bear Ad
miral's Death.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO, Aug. 9.— Dr. W. E. Taylor
of San Francisco, who is a retired medi
cal inspector in the navy, came up on
a special trip of the tug Vigilant to
Mare Island to-day to consult with the
surgeons of the yard in regard to the
condition of Rear Admiral Kirkland.
Dr. Taylor examined the patient in
company with Drs. Bradley, Bagg and
Curl of the Naval Hospital. Dr. Wagg
ner of the navy yard and Dr. Hibbetts
of the Independence. The surgeons agreed
that the admiral was suffering' from
acute constriction of the bowels, and
that unless quickly relieved death
would result. An operation on the ab
dominal section was decided upon as
the only means of saving the patient.
Dr. Taylor performed the operation,
making an Incision in the abdomen and'
relieving the constriction by straighten
ing a loop that had caused the trouble.
The operation was successful, and Dr.
Taylor states that Admiral Kirkland
has at least an even chance of recovery.
He has a splendid physique, and if no
complications set in will be able to re
sume his duties in a few weeks.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
was the first maker of
sticks of soap for shav-
ing. Pears' Soap es-
tablished over ioo
years.
was the visit of General Ewers to the
camp of Pedro y Perez, who is in com
mand of the local insurgent forces.
General Ewers pointed out to Perez
the advisability of confining his troops
to their hillside camp on the Union
sugar estate until final evacuation by
the Spanish troops. Perez acquiesced
and at once issued orders that his men
abstain from entering the town. If an
offender is caught he will be tried by
court-martial, and if found guilty be
shot.
The local civil government is retained
in office. Provisions are scarce. There
is a great deal of sickness and great
mortality among the Spanish troops.
Three cases of yellow fever are re
ported.
Two companies — L and I, Second Im
munes — under command of Major M.
N. Boutner, on arriving at Caimanera
from Santiago on the steamer San
Juan, were transported to town by
train this morning. Lieutenant James
Stafford, one sergeant, two corporals
and twelve men of Company L left
Caimanera and formed a camp in the
old Spanish intrenchments on the crest
of the ridge south of the town, one com
pany going to camp on the hillside
near Guantanamo. A small guard will
be kept in the town itself and details
scattered through neighboring plan
tations. General Ewers has asked
General Shafter to establish a tri
weekly steamer service between Guan
tanamo and Santiago.
I visited General Perez's insurgent
camp four miles from Guantanamo .this
morning. He has 900 men occupying an
old sugar estate, and 5000 men under
his immediate command. His division
includes Yateres, Maysl, Baracoa,
Sagua and Guantanamo. When asked
his views as to the present position of
the Cuban situation he said:
"The last order transmitted by Gen
eral Garcia included instructions from
the Provisional Government to co
operate with the American army and
to put myself entirely under the orders
of the American general commanding
in my vicinity. In sending these in
structions General Garcia wrote me
that I was to follow American orders,
even if they opposed his own. On this
I am now acting. General Ewers has
ordered me to keep my troops outside
of town and I obey. I see reason for
such an order and I obey it cheerfully.
I am in entire accord with General
Ewers in all matters regarding the gen
eral situation. I have heard of a dis
pute between Generals Shafter and j
Garcia, but cannot enter Into it. I am j
only a soldier; I carry out the orders
given me and do not enter into politi
cal matters. If our independence is not
secured now I am willing to continue ;
the fight for another thirty years if |
necessary.
"The Cuban army has not fought for j
annexation or for American control of j
our affairs. Our fight has been for in- I
dependence and the army will not be i
satisfied with anything else. If an- !
nexation had been wanted it might
have been had years ago. I beMeve
that even without American interven
tion we could have forced Spain to I
give us independence in another year, i
We were getting stronger every day, ■
while the Spaniards were getting
weaker. We had forced them from the j
country and would have soon driven
them out of the towns. I can now re- !
main here waiting for devolopments
and orders."
The Cuban flag waves over Fort
Guantanamo.
SKAGUAY SWEPT
BY FIERCE FLAMES
Possible Destruction 01
the Town.
MANY BUILDINGS CONSUMED
CONFLAGRATION RAGING AS
THE FARALLON SAILED.
Lives of InhVbbitants Imperiled ty
Quantities of Dynamite in the
Railway Company
Sheds.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Aug. 9.— The steamer
Farallon, which arrived on the Bound
to-night from Lynn Canal, brings the
news of a serious conflagration raging
at Skaguay. The steamer sailed from
there last Thursday, at which time,
Captain Roberts states, there was a
strong probability of the total destruc
tion of the young city. p
In the vicinity of Skaguay brush fires
had been raging and it is supposed that
sparks ignited some of the shacks on
the outskirts of the town. A high wind
soon fanned the flames into a vast con
flagration. When the Farallon sailed
nearly twenty houses were in a blaze,
with the fire quickly spreading over
the more densely settled section. The
railroad company had huge quantities
of dynamite stored in several sheds,
and it was feared that ere it could be
removed a terrific explosion would re
sult.
The volunteer fire brigade was doing
good work, but the citizens generally
appeared to be panic stricken and ren
dered but little aid. They rushed hither
and thither, fighting the fire in an aim
less and ineffectual sort of way.
Just before Captain Roberts' steamer
sailed he was informed by a messenger
that the city was doomed, as the frame
buildings were like Underwood, while
the fire fighting apparatus was of the
crudest. The dynamite was stored near
the burning buildings and in almost mo
mentary danger. Every one seemed to
fear taking the initiative to remove the
explosives. A much longer delay upon
the part of the excited citizens would
in all probability have meant the total
destruction of the buildings of Skaguay.
However, Captain Robertß believes that
the fire might have been got under con
trol and loss of life averted.
When All Others Fail
To stop Itching scalp, dandruff and fall-
Ing hair use Smith's Dandruff Pomade,
the only positive remedy; never falls; try
it. Sample sent free by Smith Bros.,
Fresno, CaL •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEPNESDAr, AUGUST iv, iB9B.
BRING FORTUNES
FROM THE NORTH
Sixty Lucky Men Return
to the Sound.
EVERY ONE MAKES A STAKE
>VER A MILLION DOLLARS IN
THE PARTY.
Purser of the Farallon Certain This
Amount Is on Board — Several
Californians Meet With
Success.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Aug. 9.— Sixty more gold
seeker^xnany of whom found comfort
able foWunes in the frozen fields of the
north, returned to the Sound to-night
on the steamer Farallon with their
t:\asure. They steamed up the rivers
and c: .c out over the pass to
Skaguay. A conservative estimate of
the value of gold dust and drafts
brought out is placed at half a mil
lion dollars. Many of the returning
Klondikers who were interviewed
placed the amount at between 5750,000
and $1,000,000. Most of the miners, how
ever, were reticent as to the value of
their fortunes. Many are old-timers,
who. have spent several years prospect
ing and finally panning out wealth.
Among the passengers were the fol
lowing, most of whom admitted hav
ing in their possession the amounts set
forth: Henry Abbott, Sacramento,
$100,000- J. C. Chabbott, Seattle, $30,000;
Reuben Brown, Whatcom, Wash., $25,
000; John Lysons, Santa Rosa, Cal.,
$20 000; T. D. McKeller, Whatcom, $15,
000; A. Parker, St. Paui, $15,000; John
Creits, Seattle, $5000; W. W. Gibbs,
Nanaimo, B. C, $25,000; Wilkinson, Na
naimo, $15,000: Rendall, Nanaimo, $15,
000; Duffy, Nanaimo, $10,000; Riley,
Nanaimo, $6000; Dixon, Nanaimo, $5000.
Nearly every miner on the boat
brought out some gold, the amounts
varying from $2000 to $100,000. It is im
possible to get anything like a true es
timate of the individual amounts.
Henry Abbott of California had a
sack of the yellow metal which took
two men to pack it on the steamer at
Skaguay. Most of the men seemed
well satisfied with their year's work.
They came out in two parties, one leav
in« Dawson July 23 on the Ora. and the
other three days later on the Willie
Irving. Mr. -MacGregor, collector of
royalties in the Klondike, came down
on the latter boat, but his baggage had
not arrived when he reached Skaguay.
and he remained there.
Nearly all have a gloomy story to tell
in regard to the action of the Canadian
officials in the gold district. Mr. Lysons
of Santa Rosa says that while the
country is undoubtedly the richest the
world ever saw, it will never be prop
erly develoned until the obnoxious reg
ulations are changed. Many miners, he
says, are leaving the Klondike and go
ing to the American side, and absolute
ly refuse to develop their claims un
der existing conditions.
Lysons held a rich bench claim, also
No. 5, on El Dorado Creek or just op
posite Berry's claim. Several days be
fore he left Dawson he saw a nugget
valued at SfiOO picked up on one of the
latter's claims. Lysons is authority
for the statement that Major Walsh
had made all preparations to come out
on the Irving, but changed his rriind at
the last moment. "He is not too popu
lar now, up there," said Lysons, "ow
ing to the crookedness of his officials,
and I don't think the country will suffer
when the whole gang leaves. Now, for
instance, I might locate a claim to-day,
and Fawcett, the gold commissioner,
would come along to-morrow and take
Jt from me on some legal point. It
would then be handed over to another
man. I have seen thi3 done repeated
ly."
Reuben Brown was at Circle when
the first strike was made in Dawson
and got there early. He had a bench
claim opposite No. 7 on Bonanza, and
cleared up $30,000 with his partner. His
brother David joined him last fall. On
the trip down from Skagway gambling
for high stakes was in progress, but
there were no sharks in the game. A
Nanaimo man is said to have lost $3000
to an American in one sitting.
Purser Cochrane had about $150,000
in his care n the trip out. He said: "I
am positive there was over a million
dollars brought down in gold and
drafts. I talked with most of the pas
sengers and my estimate I think is
most conservative. Some of them told
me that a richer crowd yet was com
ing out, and would be on the Sound
within two weeks."
Captain Roberts' estimate was rathor
higher than that of the purser. Said
he: "I think there was two or two
and a quarter millions on board. W.
W. Gibbs of Nanaimo, who went In
three years ago, had the largest
amount. One night the men were play
ing poker coming down on the boat
and I saw Gibbs' drafts, some for $50,
000 and one or two for $100,000 each.
He should have $250,000 in drafts at
least, besides a few thousand in gold
dupt."
A party consisting of David Brown,
R. D. Brown and T. D. McKellar of
Whatcom, were among the passengers.
Reuben Brown, who has been in Alaska
thiee years, owned a bench claim on
Bonanza Creek opposite No. 7. On his
bench claim he cleared $30,000, and af
ter paying wages, royalty, etc., h*d
$12,000 or $13,000 remaining which he
brought out. David Brown, why ha«:
been in there one year, had a $10,000
lay on El Dorado with McKellar. They
believed there was between $500 OK)
and $800,000 in gold on board the Faral
lon.
John Creits of Seattle went north a
year ago. He has a bench claim on
Bonanza Creek and holds his property
at $30,000. He only brought out a few
thousand dollars, but intends to go
back again. His general opinion of the
gold fields is very optimistic.
A. Parker of St. Paul says that the
French Gulch bench property is claim
ing a good deal of attention and will
probably make a good showing. The
year's output at Dawson, he believed,
will be $10,000,000 from the latest figures,
but Dominion and Hunker creeks will
not show up for what they are really
worth until after they are more thor
oughly worked and prospected this
winter.
Two well-known Nanaimo miners
named Keiffer and Oibbs are credited
with $10,000 apiece in dust, and Gibbs is
also credited with having many drafts,
as referred to by the captain. Another
source says Gibbs brought out be
tween $2* 000 and $30,000. They were In
the country about a year and a half.
Keiffer says the Hunker Creek washout
will be very large before it is com
pleted.
Freightcar Robber Captured.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 9.— Sheriff John
son and County Detective Fisher arrested
here to-night a man who Is wanted in
San Francisco for an attempt to rob a
freight car at Fourth and Towneend
streets some weeks ago, and who beat
Watchman Pat Powers into insensibility
when the latter tried to arrest him. He
gives his name as Joe Rawlins, and ad
mits his guilt.
BOSS REA'S HAND
STILL MANIFEST
San Jose's New Council
in His Toils.
JOBBERY IN BROKEN ROCK
SHADY WORK OP THE STREET
COMMITTEE.
Ignore the Lowest Bid of a Con
tractor in the Interest of a
Quarry Operated by
the Ringsters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 9.— The people of San
Jose are disappointed in the present City
Council. When it was elected a "business
administration" was promised the muni
cipality. This the people are not getting,
and the Councilmen are rapidly falling
into the ways of their predecessors. It Is
evident that "Boss" Rea dictates his
wishes to them and that his word is law.
This is plainly shown by the action of the
Street Committee— Spring (chairman),
Rogers and Macauley— during the past
two weeks. When it lay within their
power to save the city some money in the
purchase of broken rock for street pur
poses they postponed the matter for two
weeks and then threw the bids out alto
gether. This action was taken because
George W. Peckham, who is opposed to
Rea's political methods, was the lowest
bidder. Heretofore Charles Wehner, who
represents the Gay quarry, in which Rea
and other ringsters are interested, has
had things all his own way and broken
rock has been, bought from him at his
°\\ r bo P ut C a month ago the city advertised
for "860 yards of broken rock to be de
livered under the supervision of the Street
Superintendent." The rock was for the
improvement of West San t ernando
street. Two bids were received and
opened. George W. Peckham offered to
furnish the rock for tl 63tt per yard, and
Charles Wehner $1 68. This was a sur
prise to the gang, for they had never
thought of any one having the audacity
to bid against Wehner Finally, when the
effect of the shock had worn off, the bids
were referred to the Street committee.
This was two weeks ago yesterday, (..hatr
man Spring was absent from the next
meeting and yesterday he presented the
following report:
"Your Street Committee, to whom w-as
referred for consideration the bids for
rock to repair San Fernando street, Jwg
leave to report that we reject all bids,
believing that good rock can be secured
at a less cost, and that more definite spec
ittcations should accompany the same.
In this the fine work of Rea can be dis
cerned. He is heavily Interested in the Gay
quaxrv. where Wehner secures rock, and
he is determined that he alone shall enjoy
the benefits of street contracts. Besides,
Peckham was an active member of the
New Charter Club, and here was a chance
to punish a political opponent.
The reasons given for rejecting the bids
are ludicrous. On July 11, 1898. the same
identical notice was published, calling for
800 yards of broken rock, and the present
Council awarded the contract to Charles
Wehner at $1 6S per yard. That is VA
cents per yard higher than Peckham s
bid. The specifications of the advertise
ment were definite enough then for Chair
man Spring and his colleagues, and, now
that they nave had a chance to save the
city 4Vfc cents a yard on some rock, the
people are wondering why the bids were
rejected. _ .
For years the city has paid more for
Its broken rock for street purposes than
it should. The bids of Wehner and
Peckham, presented two weeks ago, will
demonstrate this. Wehner's bid was
$1 68 per yard. His rock is obtained
within a mile or two of the city and only
has to be hauled this distance. Peck
ham was going to bring his rock from
Watsonvllle. Besides the heavy freight
on the railroad, he would have to de
liver It from the depot wherever needed.
After meeting this heavy expense he was
going to lay It down in the city at $1 63^
per yard. The Watsonvllle rock
Fa of a good quality and is used exten
sively by the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company. It is strong in cement prop
erties and makes an excellent roadbed.
Many claim it excels the San Jose rock.
As the local rock has twice been laid
on San Fernando street it would, in the
opinion of the taxpayers, be a good idea
to see if the Watsonvllle rock would not
stand the wear better.
TRAMPS IN A CAR
OF BLAZING OIL
Were Trying to Light a
Cigarette.
THE MEN TERRIBLY BURNED
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TRUCKEE, Aug. 9.— Three men seri
ously burned, 1800 feet of snowshed
consumed, eleven cars of merchandise
destroyed and delay of all passenger
trains until to-morrow noon— all this
and more was the price paid for light
ing a cigarette.
Three tramps got into a car at Love
locks last night. The car contained two
tanks of naphtha and left Truckee at 2
o'clock this afternoon on freight train
jNo. 6. About 3 o'clock, when a mile
and a haJf west of tunnel 13, the train
men in the caboose saw the three
tramps, enveloped in flames by the
aide of the track in the snowsheds.
They were screaming "Fire!" and when
the train was stopped it was discovered
that the car was a masa of flames.
In a few moments the naphtha car
exploded, lifting the roof of the »hed
a hundred feot in the air and blowing
the sides far down toward Dormer
Lake. There was a second explosion
in a few moments, more terrific than
the first, caused by a car o* refined oil.
Conductor A Schwab and his crew took
charge of tne burning tramps and did
ail in their power to alleviate their in
tense suffering. In a short time a
Truckee wrecking train came to tun
nel 13 and the engine brought down the
three rear cars and caboose of the
burning train.
The tramps were cared for by Dr.
David Shoemaker as carefully and ten
derly as thought they were million
aires, George Scheile, a German, in
haled the burning gases and in in a
critical condition. His face, hands and
feet are charred dreadfully. Joe Reieh
unuh, a Swede, and John Goheneix, a
Frenchman, are awfully burned about
the head and hands, but will recover.
One of the men admitted to the con
ductor that he struck a match to light
a cigarette. The other two were lying
asleep on the bottom of the car. Pry
ing open the side door they all jumped
from the moving train.
Trainmaster T. G. Akers, with fire
trains from Truckee and Summit, made
a heroic fight to subdue the flames in
the snowsheds and had the fire under
control at 7 o'clock. A construction
train is en route for tunnel 13, but it
will be impossible for trains to pass
before to-morrow noon. The forest is
still on fire above and below the rail
road and fire trains will be on guard
all night.
FIERCE BATTLES
IN WESTERN CUBA
Series of Victories for
the Insurgents.
GOMEZ LEADS HIS WARRIORS
FORCES A TROCHA AND ROUTS
THE SPANIARDS.
Over Three Hundred of the Latter
Killed in the Engagement—
The Cuban Loss One Hun
dred and Thirty.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 9.— A Washington
special to the Sun says: News of Cu
ban victories In western provinces has
reached Washington, one of the battles
being the largest and most Important
ever fought in that part of the island.
The principal battle was the result of
a successful attempt of General Gomez
with 3000 men to force the trocha be
tween Las Villas and Camaguri and
make his headquarters with the offi
cers of the Government of the Cuban
republic in the latter city.
General Gomez himself led his sol
diers as they made an attack on the
troch.. and blockhouses early in the
morning. The Spanish soldiers fell
back of the trocha line and there made
a stubborn resistance, which they kept
up the greater part of the day. In the
afternoon, however, their main body
gave way before a machete charge and
the entire Cuban force passed over the
dividing line and marched -without fur
ther interruption on into Camaguri.
ATTENTION!
The eyes of the world at this moment
are on strength. The war goes always
to the side of the strong. Are you a
brisk, bright and a big, burly man, full of
power, or are you one of the weak ?
Weak as you may be, you can recover
your vitality if you wish to. Heart
trouble comes from excess almost always.
If you have it "Hudyan" will make up
for your follies and the heart trouble will
cease. "Hudyan" makes up for all losses
of vigor. If you have overtaxed your
stomach "Hudyan" will make strong all
the weakness. No single way in which
you have erred is beyond its curative
power. It is a great remedib-treatment.
It has cured about 21,000 men. It has
made permanent cures in each and every
instance. It will make of the weakling a
strong, vigorous man. Strong and ail-
powerful, yet it is absolutely harmless.
It is nature's treatment for the erring and
the weak of her sons. Try it. Send for
'testimony about it. Do not believe this
statement without proof. Only ask and
free medical advice as well as testimo-
nials will be gladly sent you. Those
who are in San Francisco will .find the
Institute offers a welcome that they migrn
well accept. And those who write wil|
be treated equally well — no matter what
the disease. Blood taint is cured at
once. The treatment given makes men
as fit to fight the battle of life as
SOLDIERS!
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AMD ELLIS 8T3.,
San Frun.i«.o, Cal.
DAW SON
CITY
And Yukon River Points.
Direct Connection via ST. MICHAEL^
Elegant Steel Steamship
LEELANAW
300 Passengers: Capacity. 3000 Tons Freight.
Now loading at Howard-street "Wharf,
Will Have Prompt Dispatch.
Freight to St. Michael $15 per ton.
Apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
Liebcs Building. 139 POST ST.
Muriyon'sHeadache and Indigestion Cure
is the only remedy on the market that
will cure every form of Headache in 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in every home and
every traveler's gripsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures, 25c. : r: U
', : ■■-. ■-'.*■: ' '■-■':. ;■. '- ■ "•• ■ ' '''■ . •
%/ (
Age, Illness, care cause Wrinkles, Derma-
tologist JOHk H. WOODBL'RY, 127 West
Forty-second st., . New York, has had over 26
years' - practical experience removing Wrinkles,
Crow' . Feet, i without j pain. i Consultation free.
Charges moderate. . ; ' .
§v*«»* DR. JORDAN'S »™«
UgL Museum of Anatomy
I Pltl \ 1051 UABZ2T ST - bet - 6th 4 7th, B. T. W.
Be W The L»rgtst or Its kind to World.
1 J§i&l DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
E i^«vT? Comaltatloa fr«e. Writ* for Back • ; :
Ci | Philosophy off Marriage.
* W HAILED Wit-;-.-.' : u/
More than 300 Spaniards were killed
during the battle, and about 130 cv
bans. ___— — — — —
vin-ne+T Badly Iniured at Los Angeles
LOS ANGELES," Aug. 9.— James
Cook proprietor -of the Los Angeles
wool pulling establishment, was seri
ously injured this afternoon on the
ADVEETISEMENTS. ________
%
%
Schilling's Best «8
PROCLAMATION.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
J:..i SACRAMENTO. July 30th. 183 S.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January. A. p. 1537.
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
I of the two houses of said Legislature voting
in favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to-wlt:
: ;" AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
•A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California, an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
which it Is proposed to amend said section to
I read as follows: . .
• Section IS. No county, city, town, township,
board of education, or school district shall mi-
i cur any indebtedness or liability in any man-
. ner or for any purpose exceeding in any year
! the income and revenue provided for it ™ r
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
| less before, -or at the time of Incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the Interest on such indebtedness as it rails
1 due. and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same; provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with interest thereon ror
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income and
! revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
, pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
: for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers in said city
! and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
> visions of this section: and In determining any
1 claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
: statute of limitations shall apply In any man-
i ncr; and provided further, that the City or
Vallejo, in Solano County, may pay its exist-
| ing indebtedness incurred in' the construction
; of its waterworks, whenever two-thirds of tne
: electors thereof voting at on election held for
1 that purpose, shall so decide. Any Indebted-
! ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
: vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
i shall be void.
\l V ",-'. AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
! (Being Senate Constitutional Amendment , No.
.10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
1 stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
i tion, to be known and designated as section
1 seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the inhabitants of
! counties, of local county government acts ror
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section 7%. The inhabitants of any county
j may frame a county government act for their
i own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with, and sub-
ject to, the Constitution and laws of this State.
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders. • who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty It t>nall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
: pare and propose a county government act ror
! such county, which shall be signed in dupli- J
i cate by the members of such board, or a ma- j
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
! tive body of such county, and the other copy
i to be sent to ' the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
shall then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or If there be
' not two such papers, then In one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
i thirty days after such publication It shall be
j submitted to the qualified . electors of such
county at a general or special election, and If
I a majority of such qualified electors voting
I thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for Its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and If ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, .. and shall in such ,
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act. and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws i
Inconsistent with such county government act. i
A copy of such county government act, certi- j
fied by the President of the Board of Super- !
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting fcrth the submission of such county
government act to the electors, and its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made in duplicate and
deposited, one in the office of the Secretary of
State, the other, after being recorded In the
office of the recorder of deeds In the county,
among the archives of the county. . -
All courts shall take judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended, at Intervals of not less than two
years, by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
qualified electors thereof, at a general or
special election held at least forty days after
the publication of such proposals for twenty
days In a newspaper of general circulation In
such county, and ratified by at least three-
fifths of the qualified electors voting thereon,
and approved by the Legislature as herein pro-
vided for • tht approval of the county govern-
ment act. In submitting any such county gov-
ernment art any alternative article or proposi-
tion may be presented for the choice of the
voters, and may be voted 'on separately with-
out prejudice to others. ..; ..
It shall be competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner in
which, the times at which, and the terms for
which the several township and county officer*
other than Judges of the Superior Court shall
be elected or appointed; for their compensa-
tion; for the number of such officers for the
consolidation or segregation of offices' for th«
number of deputies that each officer shall have
and for the compensation payable to each of
such : deputies, for the manner in which the
times in which, and the terms for which th.
members of all boards of election shall hi
elected or appointed; and for the constitution
regulation, compensation and government of
such boards, and of their. clerks andaTtaches-
also, to prescribe the manner and method h»
which all elections by the people shall be con
ducted; and may in addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors no!
litical parties and organizations may DarticU
pate In any primary election. ""** parucl
Whenever any county has. In the manner and
method herein pointed out. adopted any county
government act. and the same shall have been
approved, by the Legislature as aforesaid the
directions of sections four and five of ; this
article providing for the uniformity of a
system of county governments throughout the
State, and likewise providing for the election
and appointment of officers and the regula"
tlon of their compensation, shall not apply
Said county government act shall, as to any of
the matters herein* bove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act. not be
subject to any law or amendment enacted by
th £™Vt*& Sla - tUr '■««?* by amendment first
submitted ito the electors and ratified in the
manner herftlnabove set. forth. --"■ • -
AMENDMENT ' NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
'-- ■.- -: 44.) -.--"•■■/
b.^/ 88 , 0^ 11 !?? P r °P° s!n * to the people of the
■t. a ,ti California an amendment to the Con-
?n hi £2 of the State, by adding a new section,
to be known and d . «ted as section five and
£JEo.n*l«M artlcl six. thereby providing. for the
organization tof a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. ' The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows: > .—
.<f, ec V on 6V JI' Tne Court " of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court.
S,rf «a/»« a /»v c requested, by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
Sab? «JS* /h/ h . all have ' «*elu*lve Jurisdiction to
and rw« etermlne • all claims • of .■ every kind
u.w« a^ a li? cte L a**' 1 "* the State, under such
?«^.,51,™ X'& Passed by the Legislature, and
of th2*c£ X th ? r 2? n Bhall final. The terms
lows* Claims shall ■> be held as f ol-
thl n ««on jf'if °i' LoB Angeles.' commencing on
t« «* ? n <* Monday of March:
«>t2miJfni C i an 4. County *of San Francisco.
commencing on th* second . Monday In July!
:In the City of :■ Sacramento, ; commencing on
Pasadena road. He was driving a frac
tious horse to a cart and the rig was
run into by an electric car. Cook was
thrown violently to the ground and his
head badly injured. He has not re
eained consciousness. Cook is a pio
neer of California and formerly livM
at Marysville, where he was in the
horse business.
the second Monday of November of each year.
The Judges holding such term of court shall
receive no extra compensation therefor. but
shall receive their actual expenses, to be paid
out of the general fund of the State treasury.
The Legislature shall enact all laws necessary
to organize such court, to provide the pro-
cedure thereof and to carry out the provisions
of this section.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
A resolution to propose to the -people of th«
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, amending article eleven,
by adding. a new section thereto, to be known
as section number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city, and county governments. The
6ald proposed new' section to read as follows:
Section "6%: The provisions of sections four
and five of this article shall not, nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant 'thereto, apply to
any, consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
have become, or shall become, organized under,
section seven, or secure a charter under section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.) '
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California, an amendment of section
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of the
Constitution of the State of California, by
which it is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows: •
Section 15. .A Lieutenant Governor shall be
elected at the same time and place and in the
I same manner as the Governor, and his term of
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
anly have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the impeachment of
the Governor, or his removal from office, death,
Inability to discharge the powers and duties
of his office, resignation, or absence from the
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
I devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
residue of the term, or until the disability
shall cease. And should the Lieutenant Gover-
nor be impeached, displaced, resign, die, or
become incapable of performing the duties of
I his office, or be absent from the State, the
' president pro tempore of the Senate shall act
i as Governor until the vacancy in the office of
j Governor shall be filled at the next general
i election when members of the Legislature shall
i be chosen, or until such disability of the Lieu-
i tenant Governor shall cease. In case of a va-
cancy In the office of Governor for any of the
reasons above named, and neither the Lieu-
tenant Governor nor the president pro tempore'
of the Senate shall succeed to the powers and
duties of Governor, then the power* and duties
of euch office shall ■ devolve upon the Speaker
! of the Assembly, until i the office of Governor
I shall be filled at such general . election. ; v _
■ AMENDMENT NUMBER 7 SIX. : !
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38). .
A resolution to propose ' to the people of the
| State of California an amendment to Section
: fix, Article nine of the Constitution of the State
i of California. ' relating to grammar schools by
which It is proposed to amend said section to
; read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall
: elude primary -and grammar schools, and such
; high schools, evening schools, normal schools,
i and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature pr by municipal or district
authority' but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively 'to the support' if
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall include . schools organized in a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than on« thousand Inhabitants, In
which a course of study shall be taught which
; will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
mining or scientific department of the Uni-
versity of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER "SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34).
A resolution to propose to the people of th»
State of California an ' amendment to Section
two of Article four of the Constitution. In rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which It
is proposed to amend said section to - read as
follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
, the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of Its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shal!
In the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
In session for twenty-five days, after which it
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor me re than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fail to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be '
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re- -
assembling, the Legislature shall complete its
session. No pay shall be allowed to members-
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and .
no bill shall be Introduced In either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of the
members thereof. -■::>
NOW. THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval." approved March 7, A. D. ISS3. -
the above-described nroposed amendments are. ■
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, at th.> election to be held > throughout
this State on NOVEMBER 8. A. D. 1593.
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 8. A. D. 189 S.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows: ■B" ■ . . '
Each ballot used at such election must con- •
tain written or printed thereon the . following
words. ' whereupon the voter may express his
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One. being Senate ,'.
Constitutional* Amendment No. 41
(exempting certain clalrnj against the I
City and County of San Francisco, and . . .
the existing indebtedness of the City Tea
of VallP.lo for the construction of Us- .
water works from the provisions of No
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the Income and reve-
nues of the year in which they were
Incurred).
For the Amendment? -' :v: v . [ •
Amendment Number Two. being Senate ' •
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Tea 1 "
(providing for framing local . county I
government acts by inhabitants, of+ M a
counties for their government). i^" "':
For the Amendment? ■ {
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- r
ate Constitutional Amendment No I
44 (providing for the creation .of a I
Court of Claims to determine claims T»« '
against the State, and to consist of •
' three Superior Judges designated by No"
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation). <, . . ■"'"^
'For the Amendment? |-
Amendment Number Four, belne As- : ■■■■'■
sembly Constitutional / Amendment
No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities T»«
and counties, organized or to be or -I
Kanized. or : holding a charter un- No
der the Constitution, from certain le«-
islation in relation to counties)
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Five - being a. :
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor Ye.
providing, for succession thereto" In
certain cases and removing dlsabllty No
°.. K LieU ff t n nai i t Governor from holding
other office during term) ,"""
-, For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Six beln* As«™ '
bly Constitutional Amendment No.™ f J Te,
'relating to ; and defining Grammar. — -
Schools). - . «j
For the Amendment ? . -
Amendment Number Seven, being As- '
No mb 2«' Vn' Constitutional Amenf
V" ", i ' , ( P roy Mlng for adjournment of Te«
Legislature for not less than thirty .
nor more than sixty days during each No
session).
: For • the • Amendment? |
c. W .' tne J s^ my ! hand and the Great Seal of the
State of California, the day and year herein
first above written. -•-. . . . - - '^, • ..
■-.' i. .".':• JAMES H. BUDD, Governor." ' ;
rc£??t : - 1 * H " BROWN,- Secretary of SUW. '
HHlu nnwimmrm*iffFATHER YORKE
REPLIES TO AN
"OPEN LETTER."
Criticizes Statements of Lady
Trustees of the Sailors'
; Home Society.
TTakes Exception to the Action of the Super
y,\: visors in Again Giving Them a Lease
: v of the Institution.
■:■ The following la a reply to the letter
■.-.sent to the Board of Supervisors by
"Nancy E. Cooper, president, Anna Me
'• Aimey, secretary, and W. B. Ewer,
.:• secretary of the board of trustees of
;the Ladles' Seamen's Friend Society
.'and. placed on file by the City Fathers
on Monday last:
• 'To. the Editor of The Call— Dear Sir:
, In this, morning's issue of your paper you
:• "publish a document entitled "An Open
. -Letter to the Board of Supervisors." In
_'■ that document the epithets "scurrilous,
"•. !<d-efaniatory and incorrect" are applied to
• "a series of articles in the Monitor of
• •last May written by its then editor." As
I. was "the then editor," and am "the
'. now editor" of the Monitor it becomes
■. ray- duty to take notice of this . produc
.; tion. I do this the more willingly that
:Tt gives me an opportunity of putting be
fore, the public certain facts that the pub
;-. lie should" know, and of explaining cer
"'.tain-features in a policy concerning which,
" • i: believe, .at least a section of the public
.feels an interest.
'.:"• .1. might have been deterred from this
•^undertaking did I consider that the names
. of. the- women signed to the letter repre
ss* n red- its authors. The natural respect
, .-dtife.fd their" sex, not to speak of the rev
erence which of right belongs to ladies
.-.' Who..: courageously confess to forty years
of -work in this institution, would lead
. me to suffer in silence, even though they
apnear to have borrowed the vocabulary
• -of the inmates of the home. But the
redundancy and character of their ad
jectives betray the literary style affected
' in prescriptions .for the sure cure of fits
and the subsequent fate of the document
shows that it emanates from a braggart
who finds courage, to fight only when
. shielded by a petticoat and against a foe
who.; he thinks, is not in a position to
.fight back.
'■; There are two distinct issues raised by
" this • letter, the question of the Sailors'
Home and the question of the Supervi
sors. On these two questions I wish to
, -speak el early and at length. For what
. I. '.have to. say about the Sailors' Home I
•eho'uldowe an apology to the ladies con
,• nee.tied with the institution, were it not
.".that" by' the loan of their names- they in
' C-Vis-."the responsibility of reopening the
. -discussion. For what I have to say of
.'. the" : majority of the Board of Supervi
' sors^ -1:..0 we: ..owe no apology to- the honorable
.. menYtiers' of that delectable combination.
■■. ■•/:."..'- THE SAILORS' HOME.
•'. ■•' : My.- position on the matter of the Sail
.: ors'-.-Idonie was explained so often and at
: such":- length In the Monitor that there
18 no : excuse for the misrepresentation in
'■ .•which". the writers of the "Open Letter"
[■•■lndulge: : The Sailors' Home is now muni
■; cipal -property. Originally it belonged to
.Jhe : 'United States. By Congress it was
• , transferred to the City of San Francisco.
:>>"<•; matter how or by whom that transfer
•was ■■ • effected the Sailors' Home was
■bought by the money of the people, and
.its"' ■therefore not the property of a society,
•but- the property of the people.
'•' " F!or- "many years the Sailors' Home was
. leij-vie'd/to a private society known as the
..•Ladies' Seamenn's Friend Society. This
-.bpdy.""sublet the premises to a "manager,"
■ who; ran the Institution as a sailors'
■ boarding house and paid the society a
' certain -percentage of the proceeds.
•T-he'.'lease under which the Ladies' Sea
"inch's' .Friend Society held the premises
" "given only for a few years at a time.
.-This year it expired, and as I am inform
" ed the' Ladles' Seamen's Friend Society
. vn.ad« ' no application for its renewal.
■\V"ht'-n • this fact became known another
•society applied to the Board of Supervi
sors for a lease. The application, how
<:\ i-r, seemed to infuse new vigor into the
ancient body, and the fight began, with
the result of which your readers are fa
miliar*
: •"'ln- matters that are purely political, so
cial" .-or economic it is the policy of the
"Monitor not to interfere. Therefore the
."ultimate" disposal of the lease of the
Sailors' Home would be a matter of in
■ difference to me were it not for the sec
: tarian character of the old society. I took
' : |Jie stand that the Sailors' Home was
public property and that public property
".shou'ld not be placed in the control of a
: 'sectarian body. Against this stand no
•legitimate argument can be advanced by
: those ■who subscribe to the principles of
'..our -constitution.
"... A t 'the same time I was careful to go
• •oh. record as declining to Interfere be
"'twfeen''"the two rival societies. I took
'•the broad ground that this was a ques
tion of sectarianism or non-sectarianism.
: arid that it was the duty of the Board
• :<->f Supervisors to give the contract of the
. home -only to a society that would co.i
' duct' if according to the law.
. ".The:' majority of the board, however, for
.■r>ascms.'best known to the members com
■.posiHg the same, disregarded all the pro
tesjts." made against delivering public
property to a sectarian body, and gave
-a.- 'lease to the old society. On this ac
tion I commented, as was my privilege.
Two' -months and more after the publi
rcation 1 of that comment the old society
is. stirred up to come before the board
.and-characterize my words as "unjust,"
• "untrue," "scurrilous," "defamatory"
• and "incorrect."
(A) A SECTARIAN INSTITUTION.
The first point, therefore, to be settled
Is the sectarian or non-sectarian charac
ter of the Ladies" Seamen's Friend So
cifty. In Bupport of my contention as
to its sectarian nature I beg to submit
the following facts:
■ 1. The socl»ty was composed exclusively
of Protestants. Half of the population of
■the city of San Francisco Is Catholic, yet
there was no room for a single Catholic in
.this society, which was battening on city
• property. Many of the sailors who come
to this coast are Catholics, yet there was
not a Catholic woman In this association,
which professed to look after the sailors'
• Interests.
2. Sectarianism was Interwoven Into the
very, constitution of the society. The
meetings of the members began with re- !
llgious exercises and those religious exer
cises were distinctively Protestant. They
.- consisted of precisely the same elements j
Which the highest courts in this country i
have decided to be sectarian when em- I
ployed in public schools.
3. The ladies of the society were aceus
. tomerl to hold sectarian religious services
for the inmates of the home. These relig
ious services appear from the description
given of them to have been "prayer meet
ings.", which are a species of religious ex-
distinctively Protestant.
'"4. The frank admission has been made
.that while Protestant ministers were In
vited'to licilii services in th<- Home, there
..la no record that a Catholic priest was
i?Yer ask<?d to speak to the sailors. The
•|>ri«-sts who live near the institution have,
always been under the Impression that
• they- .were not wanted at the Sailors'
Home.
•5. To accentuate the sectarianism of
**ie institution, the society hired a Pro
testant prearhr-r to act as chaplain. This
person perpetrated a report in which he
iyent out. of his way to sneer at monks,
aVid this' report was printed by the so
ciety at a time when the A. P. A. was
making: this town ring with denunciations
of .Catholic monks and nuns.
•6. The vile publications of bigots, the ob-
Bcene weeklies produced by jail birds were
'supplied lavishly to the sailors. It is not
known that a single Catholic paper ever
found its way into the reading room.
With' a chaplain who was also librarian
it- In safe to wager that pernicious Papist
literature was kept outside the doors.
In opposition to all this the open let
■'te'r'alleys that "no inquiry Into the de
nomination «>f the sailors' religious be
lief is ever asked, nor that of any mem
her. of the board of managers or trus
tees." It may be true that no such "in
quiry" is "asked," but It is a remarkable
fact that for forty years the board of
management or trustees was exclusively
Protestant. There is many a way for
killing a cat besides choking it with but
ter, and there is many a way for boy
cotting Catholics besides "asking an in
quiry."
The open letter also alleges that Cath
olic priests have always been invited to
hold services in the chapel of the Sail
ors' Home. This we know to be untrue.
I am sorry to enter such a calegorical de
nial, but facts are facts, and when ladies
run up against facts even their venerable
age will not save them from disastrous
consequences.
The open letter enters a general denial
of the A. P. A. proclivities of the mem
bers of the society, and adds: "The po
litical opinions of the executive board
have nothing to do with its good will to
the sailor." I am obliged for the admis
sion. In the eyes of the author of the
open letter Apaism is a mere political
opinion and in no way prejudicial to the
interests of the sailor. It is a mere po
litical opinion to swear solemnly on'
Bible and crucifix to deprive Catholics
of their daily bread, to hound Catholic
men out of employment, to persecute
Catholic women, to starve Catholic chil
dren. This is a pleasant political opin
ion indeed, and one most advantageous
to the Catholic sailor. I thank the au
thor of the open letter for the admis
sion. It alone would justify all my asser
tions.
But it may be asked has not the so
ciety elected some Catholic members since
the Monitor's protest and does not this ac
tion remove all cause of complaint? I
have been informed that two Catholic la
dies have lately been made members of
the society, but such representation is no
guarantee whatsoever of fair treatment.
They are hopelessly in the minority and
now that the society has got the lease,
they may object all they please without
effect. We have to judge the future by
the past and when the Supervisors gave
the lease to the Ladies' Seamen's Friend
Society they deliberately handed over
Iblic property to an association that had
oven itself thoroughly sectarian in the
st and that now gives no effective guar
tee that it will not be as thoroughly
.tarian in the future,
i NOT A CHARITABLE INSTITU-
The open letter has made so much of the
aritable nature of the institution that 1
am compelled to make a few statements
on this side of the question.
I. The open letter asserts that $30,000
s expended on the buildings by the so
ty. The public Is led to believe that
' members of the society contributed
s sum. The members of the society
not contribute 30,000 cents during the
ty years they have held the property,
iatever money was expended on the
titution was earned by the institution
the oruir.uiy course of business, and
s only a tithe of what under other
nagement would be devoted to the
welfare of the sailors.
2. In the year IKS", when the home was
in the hands of the same society, an in
vestigation was held by the Commissioner
of the Bureau of Labor Statistics into the
condition of men working on the San
Francisco water front and on board of
Pacific Coast vessels. The report of this
investigation distinctly denies that the
Sailors' Home is a charitable institution.
It reads as follows:
"An institution known as the Sailors'
Home, under the control of the Ladies' ■
Seamen's Friend Society, has been estab
lished at the old United States Marine
K;pltal, which has been donated for the
pose by the Government. Although
in and well kf-pt and conducted on
temperance principles, it is not a charita
ble or benevolent institution, as Its name
would seem to imply. It is simply a board
ing-house, with charges similar to other
boarding-houses."
In leasing city property for a nominal
sum to a society to run a boarding-house
the Supervisors are guilty of gross injus
tice. They might as well donate the city
property on Fifth and Market streets to
some enterprising hotel-keeper to run a
hotel in opposition to the x>aldwin. The
difference is this— the sailors have little
political power; the uptown hotel-keepers
can keep even a Supervisor in awe.
3. The open letter grows rapturous
over the sailor who leaves port rejoicing
that his expenses at the Sailors' Home
have been classified as bad debts. The
Labor Commissioner's report tells a dif
ferent tale. In one year a sum exceeding
$1300 was paid to captains of vessels as
commissions for the collection of these
very "bad debts," and over SI4OO was paid
to a runner whose business it was to
"steer" sailors into the home of this
benevolent and charitable society. It is
no wonder that the old society was anx
ious to retain its grip of this gold mine.
These observations, Mr. Editor, will jus
tify the stand that I took in the matter
of the lease of the Sailors' Home. I believe
in the first place that it is a sectarian in
stitution, and I believe in the second
place that the society is not administered
as a charitable or benevolent foundation.
I should not be worth my salt if I did not
protest with all my might against a pol
icy which puts my coreligionists in an in
ferior condition. And because the Cat*
olic sailors of this port are humble men,
without influence, without wealth. It is
§bly my duty to speak for them and
■nd their cause.
11. THE SUPERVISORS.
Now I come to the question of the Su
pervisors, a question of far more impor
tance than that of the Sailors' Home.
You will no doubt have noticed, Mr. Ed
itor, that In the discussion which the open
letter occasioned a person named Clinton
and a person named Britt made them
selves conspicuous in upholding the letter.
The former by a mysterious dispensation
of Providence is a doctor, and the latter,
as a punishment for our sins, is a plum
ber. Britt, who combines the aspect of a
hoodlum with tho manners of a plug-ugly,
was of opinion that the Monitor should
be treated with silent contempt. It is a*
pleasure to me to have earned the con
tempt of the Hon. Mr. Britt, silent or
otherwise. It is too awful to contemplate
the depth to which I had fallen had I
merited his commendation.
Clinton considers that the chareres of
the Monitor an; false and have been
characterized by gross misrepresenta
tion. His own character, he said, had been
attacked, and he wished to be placed
right on the record. 1 take particular
pleasure, Mr. Editor, in placing the hon
orable gentleman right on the record. He
is the moving cause in this latest attack
on me. Once upon a time he blundered
into an assault on the Monitor and his
experience then did not tickle his vanity.
Like the coward and the bully, he waited
until he thought I could not address him
and then dressed in the petticoat of
Nancy E. Cooper and the bonnet of Anna
McAnney he stalks forth with the broom
stick, seeking for sweet revenge.
In this whole miserable controversy of
the Sailors' Home he has acted and voted
with his eyes open. Deceived by his vo
ciferous protestations of superior virtue
I took care that he should be warned in
time as to the nature of me deal which
was to be consummated. But warnings
Kilostwhere other influences held sway,
has no excuse. He has deliberately
lered to bigotry; he has deliberately
ayed the trust he swore to the consti
tution; he has deliberately exposed hlm-
Belf to the public view, an idol with feet
Klay and face of brass, a sham philan
pist, a sham -atriot and a sham re
ler.
jo years ago, Mr. Editor, an associa
tion was rampant in this town which
strove to proscribe men and women be
cause of their religious beliefs. Against
that association I strove with all my
strength, becaune I considered its pro
gramme not only a menace to the Cath
olic people, but treason to the constitu
tion. It is not for me to decide now
whether all my methods, all my sayings
and doings were without blame, but this
much I can say, that I strove with a sin
gle mind for the honor of my people and
the good of this community, in that '
fight I owed nothing to any publication. '
I made my campaign alone. I gave every i
party the same treatment— Republican,^ i
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 10, 1898.
Democrat and Populist— and if any party
got the worst of it the cause was to bo
found in the leaders, who would not see
the signs of the times.
During all that time I have asked no
one to vote for any candidate. I confined
myself to opposing those who had sworn
to persecute me and mine. Therefore the
successful candidates were not of my
choice and from the greatest even to the
least I was under no oblige tion to any.
When, then, the majority in the present
Board of Supervisors began to run like
sheep at the bidding of a boss I felt it waa
my duty to stigmatize them as they de
served. They had been elected In a move
ment for which I was responsible in large
measure and I believed that the good
name of the liberal people of this town
demanded that these men who betrayed
the people should be known and marked.
I had held in public print and on the
platform that religion should not disqual
ify a man from public office. I also hold
that the faith which a scoundrel dis
graces should not shield him from merited
punishment. If I were so weak as to be
silent on the deeds of this Board of Su
pervisors because some of the members
thereof profess the Catholic faith I should
Justify every contention of the A. P. A.
Protestants and Jews voted with Catho
lics to stamp out the plague of bigotry.
Catholics owe it to their generous and
faithful allies to show that they can mete
out impartial Justice even when offenders
profess the Catholic name.
The last attack on me is only one of the
many which have been launched against
me by the cowards, the whisperers, the
tattlers, the bullies of this board. The
policy of the Monitor, the policy of this
letter is the logical conclusion of the
light made two years ago. The people
who made that fight then owe it to them
selves to bring it to a fitting close. When
those who have disgraced the cause of
liberty shall have been retired to their
native obscurity, when the Clintons and
the Britts shall have been kicked gibber
ing off the stage, ..ien and not till then
shall the incident be ended and the ghoat
laid.
Before I conclude I beg to thank the
Mayor, Mr. Smith and i..r. Dodge for
their well-meant efforts to sidetrack the
open letter. lam glad, however, they
did not succeed. It has given me an op
portunity to speak to the people of this
city, an opportunity I have long desired.
In this whole matter I think they can
bear me out in saying that I have had
no personal ends to serve, no private
profit to gain. No man is always right
and no doubt I have made many mis
takes, but whether I have been right or
wrong, this I can testify, and I be
lieve the people wijl corroborate my tes
timony .that I have, according to my
lights striven for fair play to all and
'avors to none. PETER C. YORKE.
A DISTINGUISHED
MAN OF SCIENCE
DR. PRITCHETT OF THE COAST
AND GEODETIC SURVEY.
Sails for Hawaii To-Morrow to In
troduce United States Work in
the New Territory.
Dr. Henry S. Pritchett, superintendent
of the United States Coast and Geodetic
Survey, arrived in San Francisco last
evening and expects to go to the Hawaii
an Islands on the steamer Mariposa, in
company with the Congressional commis
sion. He goes there under direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury to look af
ter the condition of the surveys of the
islands.
Dr. Pritchett is a young man to hold
the position of the Coast Survey superin
tendency, but he has a distinguished rec
ord as a scientist. Born at Fayette, Mo.,
in April, 1857, he was educated in the in
stitute founded at Glascow, in that State,
jby his father and known as Pritchett
College. In 1576 he moved to Washington,
D. C, and continued his astronomical
und mathematical studies under Profes
.■-■r Asapta Hale of the Naval Observatory,
In 1881 he was appointed professor of as
tronomy in Washington University, at
St. Louis, and remained there until his
appointment by President McKinley to
the superintendency of the Coast and
Geodetic Survey, a position which sought
him as a man of mark In his profession.
In the astronomical field, in addition to
his routine duties he did a vast amount
of work in both theoretical and practical
lines, among his published papers being
one of the determination of the mass or
Mars, another on the rotation of Jupiter,
also a discussion of eclipses of the satel
lites of Saturn, and many papers on ob
servations of double stars.
In geodetic work Dr. Pritchett had a
fine record before being appointed to his
present position. In 18*9 he was a mem
ber of the transit of Venus party that
went to Auckland, Now Zealand, and as
sisted in the determination of gravity
with the famous Koter pendulums in
Australia, Singapore and Japan. In IS9I
he was elected president of the St. Louis
Academy of Science. In 1594 he visited
Europe, and while in Munich the univer
sity of that city, in recognition of his
scientific attainments and reputation,
honored him by conferring upon him the
degree of "doctor of philosophy."
It. Pritchett, though a comparatively
young man, Is an old traveler, having
visited Europe and the Orient and going
now for the second time to the Hawaiian
Islands, where, in all probability, the
Coast and Geodetic Survey of the United j
States will be extended under his direc- j
tion.
A BLACKSMITHS RUIN.
Joseph McDonald Convicted of Fail
ure to Provide for His
Children.
Joseph McDonald, a blacksmith, was
convicted by Judge Joachimsen yesterday
of failure to provide for his five young
children. He was ordered to appear for
sentence to-day, and he will get the limit,
six months in the County Jail.
McDonald deserted his wife and chil
dren in Bunicia In February of last year.
At that time he was foreman In a shop
and making first-class wages. Nothing
was heard of him until last Saturday,
when his wife learned that he was a pa
tient in the City and County Hospital.
At the time of his disappearance he was
a splendid specimen of manhood, weigh
ing about 200 pounds. Now he is a phy
sical wreck from drink and debauchery.
He was yesterday served In the prison
with divorce papers, the suit having been
instituted by his wife Monday.
Reception to Tennessee's Boys.
Tennessee will have an opportunity next
Saturday evening to show its ability as
drillers. The California Commandery No.
1, following in the wake of the grand re
ception tendered the California Regiment
on last Saturday evening by a brother or
ganization, is arranging a similar affair
in aid of the Red Crops Society. Colonel
William Smith is preparing a programme
consisting of scenes of camp life and num
erous other features with a view to show
ing his men off to advantage. Entertain
ments of this kind are rapidly growing in
favor Induing by the large attendance at
the previous drill. Although the audience
was large on that occasion, the society
arranging the coming entertainment be
lieves that the crowd that attends their
drill will surpass it both in enthusasm
and numbers.
Notice.
The firm of Wing On Lung & Co., sit
uated at 805 Dupont street, in the city and
county of San Francisco, State of Cali
fornia. The store was closed more than
a year ago; ever since engaged in col
lecting debts, but not yet finished. Hop-
Ing our debtors will settle them at the
earliest date possible. Our firm does not
owe anybody, nor is security on any
loan. However, the real estate which we
occupied was not sold or bargained for
any money. If any money is borrowed on
this building It Is a fraudulent transac
tion. •
Principal Losers by Bismarck Fire.
MINNEAPOLIS; Aug. 9.— A special to
the Journal from Bismarck, N. D., says
that the total loss from last night's fire
will be from $600,000 to $750,000. with in
surance not to exceed $250,000. The
heaviest individual losses are as - fol
lows: Joseph Hare, $40,000; First Na
tional Bank,. $75,000; Merchants' block,
$25,000; Postofflce block, $20,000; C. H.
Phelps. $31,000; Northern Pacific Rail
road, $25,000. \ ; -. '
■ ♦ «
San Francisco's Increased Tax 8011.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 9.— The Audi
tor's report from the city of San Fran
cisco was received by the State Board
of Equalization to-day. The total as
sessed valuation is $353,344,061, which is
about $5,000,000 is excess of last year.
HAMBURG IS
THE CHAMPION
Marcus Daly Does Not
Like Matches.
ARRIVAL OF LITTLC SAINT
MR. BRUEN THE NEW STARTER
AT HAWTHORNE.
The Ed Corrigan and John Brenock
Imbroglio and Other Bits of
Gossip From the Ameri
can Turf.
It Is now settled that the two celeb
rities, Hamburg and Ornament, will
not meet on August 10 at Saratoga or
at any other track, at least not in the
near future.
Marcus Daly, owner of Hamburg, has
returned to Montana, and before leav
ing he left orders with Agent W. Jj.
Powers that his colt was not to be en
tered In any match races. The Orna
ment people dodged the Issue in the
Brighton cup, and if the pair meet it
will be in some of the fall sta»c3s in
wh?ch both are engaged.
Arthur Bowers, the New York Trib
une's racing critic, seems to be of the
opinion that Hamburg can bent any
horse of any age at any distance from
a quarter of a mile to two and a quar
ter miles, and indeed It looks as if the
New Yorker was right in his conclu
sions.
Richard Croker's $8000 selling plater,
Little Saint,. landed safely in New Yoik
August 2, along with two yearlings by
Dobbins. Little Saint will be sent 10
Saratoga shortly, and if the change of
climate appears not to have worked
any harm to the English colt he will
probably be entered in some of the fall
stakes and raced around New York
City.
Jockey JinT Bozeman, suspended
nearly two years ago, has been rein
stated by the jockey club which he
offended, and will probably ride ii Cal
ifornia next winter. He is at present
in San Francisco.
Ocorona, a filly bred by E. J. Bald
win and raced unprofitably by Jim
Nell, who gave the bad-tempered miss
up as a no-account, has been winning
some good races in Montana.
At St. Louis, August •», Linda, eh. m..
8, by Linden-Adele, won a seven
and a half furlong race by a
length cleverly, and on the same
day, at Brighton Beach, Lindula,
eh. f., 2, by Linden-Adele, was
easily successful in a six furlong race.
Fireside won the first heat of a five and
a half furlong heat affair at St. Louis
on the Bth, and at Windsor, Ontario,
the same afternoon, Homelike, her
half-sister, three years old, landed a
mile and a furlong race In good time.
Rowland is rapidly enforcing recog
nition of his quality as a sire. Besides
Evelyn Byrd, Rowland Duette and
others by him that have won of late,
Triune, a bay filly by Rowland-Triplet,
captured a five-furlong race for two
year-olds at "Windsor, Ont., August 3,
winning off by five lengths. Rowland,
bred at Palo Alto, is by Shannon, out
of Riglin, by imported Glengarry, and
comes from the same family as did the
immortal Lexington, Salvator, Luke
Blackburn, The Bard, Leonatus and
Volturno. Shannon was an own brother
to Mollie McCarty, who was defeated
but once, that defeat being in the mem
orable $25,000 match race wi \ Ten
Broeck at Louisville on the 4th of July,
1878.
Mr. Bruen, who was booked to do
the starting at Hawthorne track at
the meeting which began last Monday,
is said to be the very best exponent of
the new school of starters brought into
play by the starting gate, introduced
in America by R. E. de B. Lopez of
Australia. He was originally employed
at the St. i>ouls electric light merry
go-round and used to get the skates
there" off head and head and quickly.
When he was given charge of the start
ing gate at Memphis last spring horse
men scoffed at the very idea of giving
such a man work, but their scoffs were
ere long changed into cheers and his
work was pronounced perfection itself.
Last winter Ferguson got to allowing
horses hert to run at the barrier and
the question was often asked. "Of
what earthly r.se is a starting gate?"
it was intended to line horses up
against it and send them away on
nearly if not quite even terms. Mr.
Lopez was by no means an expert at
starting horses, never having had any
practice at i\ yet he could beat Fergu
son, Caldwell or any other person sup
posed to be clever at the business of
dispatching gallopers on heir Journey
"all in a bunch."
The Corrigan-Brenock Imbroglio Is
getting Interesting. Brenoek accuses
Corrigaji of appropriating $150,000 to his
own use that belonged to the Chicago
Racing Association, and wants a re
ceiver appointed, and now Corrlgan
comes to the front and declares: "There
was exactly $71,000 in the expenditure
and this was sanctioned by Mr. Bren
oek, who paid out nearly one-half of
that amount himself, and he knCw
where every dollar of It went." Cor
rigan then goes on to accuse Brenoek
of sharp practice in regard to a check
for $51,750, payable to his order, and
to be used to meet a note of the club
and interest accrued. A suit is pend
ing against Brenoek for $60,000, brought
by the Chicago Racing Association.
The courts will probably soon deter
mine which was the heavy villain in
the racing play, and the result will be
watched with interest by turfmen and
racegoers all over the country.
Tuscarora, a 7-year-old mare that
won a short-course steeplechase at
Windsor, Ont., August 3, is by Imp.
Cheviot-Santa Anita, and was owned
by "Lucky" Baldwin for several years.
He bred her.
Scotch Plaid, a Saratoga winner. Is
by Imp. Midlothian from Mottle, there
fore a half-sister to the fast but faint
hearted Motto, well remembered by our
racegoers. Blue Devil, who also won
August 5, was, like Scotch Plaid, brod
at Rancho del Paso, and is by Imp. St.
Andrew, out of Blue Dress.
LADY BULLER EXPECTED.
How She Happened to Get Into the
Paris Asylum.
Lady Yarde-Buller has not yet arrived,
according to the statements of her cousin
and attorney, E. H. Wakeman. He it was
who accompanied the lady on her Euro
pean rambles, and from whom she sepa
rated herself by accident or design in
Paris and New York. The story Wake
man tells about the eccentric lady of title
is full of color and bold strokes.
It seems that the health of Lady Yarde-
Buller suddenly broke down in i aris and
the advice of several eminent nhyslcians
was sought. A private sanitarium was
recommended, which, as It afterward
developed, was no other than the largest
and most sumptuous private insane asy
lum in Paris. When Wakeman discovered
this he immediately obtained her release,
and after a short stay at Hamburg the
party, Including Mr. and Mrs. Wakeman,
returned to America. In New York when
the Wakemans were expecting Lndv Bul
ler to meet them on the westbound train
she had disappeared. They waited for
over a day, but us all their plans had
been prepared for the return to San
Francisco they could not delay their de
parture from New York any longer. The
matter was placed in the hands of detec
tives, who, as Mr. Wakeman has /been
notified, discovered the object of their
search in Eastern Pennsylvania. Know
ing that Lady Buller is without the pres
ent wherewithal to continue her journey
homeward, her attorney has telegraphed
her money to complete her trip to tnis
city. She is expected within a few days.
SWIMMING AND BOXING.
Cornell and Cavill Will Soon Meet.
Maxwell and Lavlor May Sox.
R. B. Cornell, the coast champion, and
Slrl Cavill, the champion of Australia,
have signed articles to swim a series of
races, viz., 220 yards, BSO yards and one
mile, for a $500 purse and a side bet of
$100. Both men agree to swim the mile
straightaway over a course in the Pacific
Ocean. The other two races are to take
place at Sutro Baths.
Jim Jeffries is on his way home to Los
Angeles. His attempt at stopping two
men in New York in one evening was a
failure simply because Jeffries did not
know how to hit an opponent without in
flicting injury to his hands. Instead of
striking out straight and planting his
knuckles on the epot aimed at, the big
heavyweight swings right and left in
variably planting the thumb side of the
glove on the head or body.
Joe Reay and Ed Hennessy are matched
to fight before the San Jose Club on or
about the ISth inst.
One of the clubs is negotiating with
Sam Maxwell and Jimmy Lawlor for a fif
teen round contest.
The Western Athletic Club is anxious
to consummate a match between Jimmy
Anthony and Young Griffo. This would
be a nonsensical affair and the club would
not do credit to Itself by encouraging
Griffo to remain in this city.
Eddie Graney is very anxious to see
a match between Tom Tracey and "Kid"
Lavigne. This would prove a good attrac
tion provided a club that understands how
to handle a professional fight had the
management. The Olympic Club had a
first-class card but it made no money. It
is an old and a true saying that ama
teurs cannot handle with success the af
fairs of professionals.
NOTES FROM THE
MILITARY CAMPS
THE news from Manila is received
with great enthusiasm by the
Philippine expeditionary forces
remaining in this city, as It leads
them to believe that they will now
be hurried to the front. Many of the
men were beginning to think that they
would not be sent to Manila owing to
the prospects of immediate peace. It
would seem now, however, that they
will all be needed in the Philippines,
peace or no peace.
PRESIDIO EVENTS.
The News of the Wounding of
Captain Hobbs Causes
Deep Regret.
The chief topic of interest at the Pre
sidio post yesterday was the gallantry
with which the Third United States Artil
lery behaved in their recent conflict with
the Spanish at Malate, near Manila. The
meager account of the tight left great
room for anxiety, and universal regrets
were to be heard upon all sides when it
was learned that Captain Hobbs had been
wounded. His wife only recently left for
Pennsylvania, where she was called by
the illness of her mother.
Captain Hobbs was one of the best
known officers at the Presidio. He was
stationed with his battery at Angel
Island.
The Third Artillery band, under the di
rection of Chief Musician R. Reimnitz,
inaugurated the first of its regular Tues
day afternoon concerts yesterday. The
concert was held in front of the aiameda,
and a well-selected programme was ren
dered.
Sergeant Thomas B. Hughes, Troop M,
Fourth Cavalry, has been appointed quar
termaster sergeant, vice Patton, appoint
ed post quartermaster.
The Hawaiian Commissioners visited
the Presidio yesterday morning and wit
nessed guard mount, after which they
were serenaded by the Fourth Cavalry
Band.
The batteries of the Third Artillery
were paid off yesterday by Major Lord.
Troop A, Utah Cavalry, Captain Came
commanding, will not leave for the Yo
semite until to-morrow. First Lieutenant
Nolan, Fourth Cavalry, will accompany
the troop. It was to have left the Presidio
yesterday.
The brigade drill of the Twentieth Kan
sas, Fifty-first lowa and First Tennessee
Regiments was held yesterday morning
up on the gold grounds of the Presidio.
It will be repeated this morning, and to
morrow morning- General Merriam will re
view the brigade.
There were eleven soldiers discharged
from the division hospital yesterday to
go to their homes on furloughs.
Joseph H. Reed, a private in Company
G, First New York Volunteers, died last
evening at the Post Hospital of pneumo
nia after an illness of a few days. He
had served three years in the National
Guard and was only about 21 years of
age. He belonged to a most estimable
family of Utica, New York. In coming
across the continent he became home
sick and never fully recovered his spir
its. He was of a most kind and affec
tionate nature, and the reading of letters
from home always deeply affected him.
When he went to the hospital he was
very downhearted, and expressed the be
lief that he would not recover. His re
mains will be sent to Utica.
The commissioned officers of the First
New York Regiment of Volunteers last
evening attended in full uniform the re
ception given by the Hawaiian commis
sioners.
CAMP BARRETT.
The News From Manila Is Re-
ceived With Much Enthu
siasm by the Eighth.
CAMP BARRETT, Sather Tract, Aug.
9.— Aji examination of the result of the
recent vaccinations was conducted to-day
and it was found that 85 per cent "took,"
and only one company is to be heard
from.
If all the arrangements are carried out
a regimental drill of the Eighth will be
held at Central Park August 27. in re
sponse to the invitation extended some
time ago by the Christian Commission.
The news from Manila has revived the
hopes of the Eighth to be called to the
front.
The Eighth Regiment baseball nine will
play another game next Sunday, and is
also arranging to once more meet the-
Alerts, whom they recently defeated by
a score of 8 to 6. W. Q. Lomax of A
Company Is manager of the soldier
ball players, and the team is as follows:
Frank Clark, catcher; William Bevill,
pitcher; Denwlddle, center field; Thomas
Mack, second base; L. Winters, short
stop; Harry Wilson, first base; Frank
Foster, third bnse; H. Hurt, right field;
Perriago, left field.
A lantern exhibition will be given in
the big tent of the Christian Commission
to-morrow night by Postal Inspector Ir
win and Photographer Jackson. The
views will include many war scenes.
War Incidents.
This morning 154 men of the First New
York Regiment of Volunteers will em
bark on the steamer Mariposa and sail
for Honolulu this evening. T-*e detach
ment is composed of Company E and for
ty-four other men, all under command of
Captain Pickard. The steamer Alliance,
which is to carry the remaining New
Yorkers to Honolulu, is expected here
from the north in two or three days.
The steamer Arizona Is expected to be
ready for the reception of troops by next
Friday. It will be about two weeks before
the Scandla is ready.
Captain F. W. Jennings of Battery C,
United Etates Volunteers, now at the Pre
sidio, from Utah, is a son of the late Wil
linm Jennings, who will be well remem
bered by old time merchants on account
of his having done much business with
this city. Captain Jennings In his youth
was a cadet at the PJplscopal College of
St. Augustine, Benicia.
Worthy ot Emulation.
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 8.
To the Editor of The Call: In your last
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥'£X
With the exception of the Grocery and Liquor items, the *
goods mentioned below will be on sale at the special prices £
quoted for three hours only this morning. «
$7.50 GOLF CAPES, $5.
This
sightly, *43
All-wool
a u d , gray /f^^^^h
IE I l^g\
morning /c! \^ V^x
CHILDREN'S UNION
SUITS, 18c EACH.
Children's Heavy Fl:ece-lined, Jer-
sey Ribbed Union Suits— finished
seams — drop seat — natural . or ecru
color. To-day (Wednesday), from |q
9 to 12 only, per suit. IOi '
GROCERY SPECIALS
WEDNESDAY
AND THURSDAY.
Send for the New Grocery Cata-
logue for August— visit the greatly
enlarged and remodeled Grocery De-
partment, where best food products are
sold lor lowest prices quoted In Cali-
fornia.
Genuine Lucca Oil— Crosse -«
& Black well's— large bottles.... 3"C:
Dairy Salt— white and clean — *}*} \
50-lb bags—regularly — for... c
Lemon and Orange Peel— good m
quality— lb /..... - lUC
Sun-cured Japan Tea — good *&
value at 54c lb *K*C
Wool Soap— the 5c size— for .-> j- •
two days 8 tor « 3C
American Malt Whiskey— sl s -»
full quart bottles. O3C
(We will take it back if you don't find
it as good as'Dujfy's and return the 83c).
ABC Bohemian I Beer — quarts—
regularly $2.35 dozen— for ifi
two days - q>X.!U
Nectar Champagne — quarts $1.00
Nectar Champagne — quarts ....50c
Try any item you wish at our risk.
Money back if you are not satisfied.
P CpoEktesri RuSe Bazaar. 5|
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST— AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. •=$
Sunday Issue there appears an Item stat
ing that a handsome revolver had been
presented to Captain A. S. Clark, the
chaplain of the Seventh California Regi
ment, "by a friend."
It was my privilege and pleasure to rep
resent the generous donor in the matter
of presentation. It was the regulation
army revolver, with belt and holster of
the finest grade that could be purchased
in this city by the patriotic Mrs. A. S.
Townsend, whose liberality and generos
ity to the "boys in blue" has enshrined
her name in letters of "shining gold" in
the hearts of every soldier here or who
has gone to the Philippines. She has spent
her money freely, and it is to be regretted
that other wealthy persons In California
do not emulate her example.
MRS. CHARLES N. McLOUTH.
PATENTS AND THE WAS.
C. H. Duell, U. S. Patent Commis-
missioner, Here on a Visit.
C. H. Duell, Commissioner of Patents,
arrived from Washington yesterday, ac
companied by his wife and family. This
is his first trip to the coast, and he ex
pects to spend some time in California,
traveling round the State and visiting- the
various points of interest.
"Yes, I can readily see," he said yester
day at the Palace, "why the people of
this coast wish to hold the Philippines.
The sentiment in the East was at first
against it, but I think they will conform
their expressions to the wishes of the
"West. The advantage and benefits to tms
city in regard to a Far Eastern trade
would be immeasurable and would sharp
en the edge of Pacific coast commerce."
The war has affected the patent fever
somewhat. According to Mr. Duell, there
has been a decrease in patent applications
since the beginning of the war. Alto
gether this falling off of applications av
erages 20 per cent. While the decrease
has been general since the beginning of
AD V ERTISEMENTS.
Healthy People.
People who are free from pain and physical ailments are
more or less prosperous, count their friends by the score,
and consequently are happy.
If you are not blessed with any or all of these desir-
able conditions your health and not your brain may be at
fault.
If you are not as well as you should be, a talk with the
five doctors of the English and German Expert Specialists
might be very beneficial, no matter whether you took treat-
ment or not.
Men and women who intrust their physical welfare to
the keeping of these able specialists are in the hands of
careful, competent and conscientious physicians, who will
effect a cure if such a thing can be accomplished by any
power on earth.
The permanent home of the English and German
Expert Specialists is at 731 Market street (take elevator),
where they give consultation and advice free of charge, in
regard to any disease.
Catarrh Cured for $5.00 a Month.
... ALL MEDICINES FREE . ..
RIBBONS, 8c TO 15c. $
■--—«-—— *
All-silk Satin and Gros-Grain Rib- JJ
bens,, in a charming assortment of 2,
colorings, such as f;'*!ri
Pinks, Cardinals, Browns, ♦
Reds, Greens. Navy, ♦
Blues, Lavenders, . Etc., Etc,- "#
Will be sold at these greatly reduced
prices from 9 to 12 only this (Wednes- 41
day) morning: 4
2 inches wide, cut from i2»^c to 8c ♦
i\Z inches wide, cut from 15c to lOc *
3 inches wide, cut from 20c to I 2i i e 5,
3J^ inches wide, cut from 25c to ....15c
. *
_
" *
50c BELTS FOR 33c. !
— — — f
Ladies' Black All Leather Belts, %
like picture, with covered harness
gFa^ —^g;-^ buckle — <f
fc^l~i^^S our SOC *
y< c^^Tinjp3^Ell^2i :^ good jr
w^-it. \^^j^ — value i
belt. For three hours only this q~ 5
morning.. -MC
:: -'^ ' ■ «
*
HOUSE-FURNISHINGS, |
■I — ■IIIIUMMI IMIIII ■!■— Ml.ll I _ V
A number of useful arti- J
cles in Wooden Ware at*
about half usual prices for *
three hours only this*
morning. %
Solid Oak Wall Brackets— 2 ~_ «
shelves — from 9 to 12 jSC q>
Highly polished Hardwood Wall J
Pockets or Paper Racks— new eftc ft _
designs— 9 to 12 to-day DOC
Wooden Knife and Fork Boxes — ♦
striped and varnished — 9 to 12 to- q *
day, each........... "^2
Vienna Bent Wood Hat Racks— 41
ebony or cherry finish — two hours f
to-day — *
3-P'ong 35c *
4 prong 47c .J
5-prong 68c *
Good Washboards — heavy zinc — SJ
hard wood — this morning, 9 to .** 5,
12, each - *"C
Ash or Oak Hat Racks— 33 inches "#
long — 9 hooks — brass finish.-... — c ♦
.............................................
Four-shelf Book — hard v»^
— size 23x29 inches J^C
the war, the applications for patents on,
war implements have increased out of all
proportion. "Every crank and legitimate
inventor in the country who has worked
on war machines has applied for a patent,
seemingly." he said.
HOTEL CLERK "COUGH^J) TTP.'
Two Robbers Armed With Revolvers
Make a Daring Hold-Up and
Then Escape.
Henry Frick, night clerk of the Os
born House. 807 Kearny street, was held
up and robbed at 1:45 a, m. on Monday
by two men. Both robbers were dressed
in black, one being about five feet eleven
inches in height and the other somewhat
smaller.
They came up the stairs leading to the
counter while Frick's back was turned,
and the tall man pressed a revolver to the
clerk's body and ordered him to "cough
up." Besides his watch and chain the
robbers relieved Frick of ?10. Had they
come a little earlier they might have
gained more, as Frick had just taken $50
to his room when they hove in view.
As soon as they accomplished their
work the men backed down stairs and
Frick followed them. They ran through
Portsmouth square with the hotel man at
their heels yelling "Stop, thief!" Up Clay
street the pursued and pursuer ran, and
soon Officers Peters and Fowle joined the
chase, having heard the shouts for assist
ance. At Dupont and Clay the men were
lost among the rookeries of that quarter.
The police expect to capture them, a3
they have excellent descriptions of the
men.
Five Years for Burglary.
George Walnright pleaded guilty to a
chargf of burglary in the second degree
before Judge Borden yesterday morning.
He was sentenced to five years in San
Quentin.
56
. *
WEDNESDAY ♦ AUGUST 10, 1898
■ JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
. Address All CommuniwtiojisJ^Vj^JJiA^^
; PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St*, S. p.
.■ . • • Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
..... Telephone Mala 1574. *
• THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) I*
" :.■ served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
. ' for 15 cents a week. By mall $6 per year; per montfe
65, cents. ______ 1
THE WEEKLY CALL On *•<""• b * mall. $1.6»
'■'-.OAKLAND OFFICE .j- 90S Broadway
K£W YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
■• . . DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
•WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rl__« Hone*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
' C. GEORGE KROGNE6S, Advertising Representative,
"IRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
'.•-•/' open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
•..'. '9:30 o'clock. 62! McAllister street, open until 9:30
:.• o'clock. 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock*
• 1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market !
Street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
' • until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second an*
' .' Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock*
• " AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "His Absent Boy."
AJcarar— "Camilla
Morosco's— "The Cherry Pickers "
TlvoU— "11 Trovatore''
... • Orpheum— Vaudeville.
• The Chutes— Zoo. Vaudeville and Cannon, the 618-pound Man.
.•■ Olympia— Corner Mason and Eddy streets. Specialties.
t utro's Baths— Swimming 1 .
El Campo— Music, danelns, boating, flshln?, every Sunday.
State Fair— Sacramento. September 6.
... • • AUCTION SALES.
■ By G. H. Umbeen & Moncay. August 15, Real Estate, at
14 Moni6omery street, at 12 o'clock.
"PLATFORM PLATITUDES."
7 I 'HE necessities of a pinto campaign are forcing
the Democratic bosses into a series of contor
* . tions that are the envy of the boneless man in
'the circus.
,"" Since the Populists nailed up their conditions for
fusion, the office-hungry brethren have had a rocky
road. The Populist programme of State commun
ism, irredeemable paper currency and destruction of
• representative government is so odious to every man
• educated in the Jettersonian school that something
■must be done to sweeten the dose or nullity its
.effects.
''. Down in San Mateo County the committee has
settled the matter satisfactorily to itself by declaring
.that "men, rather than platform platitudes, have be
come a public necessity in this political campaign."
.' Therefore the committee lifts its united voice for Ma-
quire.
. There you have it. These men confess without a
■ blush that their past professions for free silver or
anything else, and their declarations of party prin
ciples, were platitudes, mere flatness, dullness and
insipidity, the real juice of politics consisting in
' getting office, and the process being easier when un
• incurnbered by any pledges, principles or professions.
, It is proper that this plan should be followed in case
of Maguire's nomination. It will enable him to be a
• single taxer in the city, an income taxer to the Popu
lists, and a mixed taxer among the farmers where it
■ becomes necessary to promise that their public load
shall be lightened by shifting it to other shoulders.
• He can be against government by injunction on the
water front and in the mining counties, where his fav
orite doctrine that the violator of a judicial injunction
shall be tried by a jury of the locality where the of
fi-r.se is committed will catch votes; while at Mary*
ville and Yuba City, in the Sacramento Valley and
along the intervales of the Yuba and Feather rivers,
where the people live under government by injunc-
tibn, he can extol it as evidence of the highest judicial
wisdom. In these localities he can demonstrate the
necessity of a court having exclusive charge of en
forcement of its injunctions untrammeled by a jury.
Again, it introduces a gamble into the matter that
will outdo the various lotteries and games of chance
in interest and excitement. Unincumbered by plat
form, principles or pledges, the course of the fusion
party and its candidate will be so much in doubt as
to be always a subject of wager. The plan fits the
candidate to perfection. In 1887 he announced in
. writing his permanent withdrawal from the Demo
• cratic party because it had not adopted the single tax
and put all the burden of government on the land-
owner. In the spring of 1888 he announced himself
• in his book, "Ireland and the Pope," as the champion
of anti-Catholicism and called Pope Leo XIII "the
serpent of the Vatican." In the fall of the same
year he was back in the Democratic party, though it
still refused to adopt the single tax. and not long
after was found on the religious platform soliciting
the favor of the followers of Leo XIII. He was a
gold standard man until 1893, when he switched for
• free silver, and in 1896 voted in the Chicago conven
• tion to unseat Weadock as a Michigan delegate,
' whose head was demanded by the A. P. A. He fought
'the- bill for funding the debts of the Pacific roads, and
demanded their sale under foreclosure. When the
Union Pacific was to be foreclosed he fought that.
Then when Huntington got his refunding bill
.tKrough the Senate at the last session and a single
objection would have killed it in the House, he
" stopped short and did not enter the deadly objection
that would have defeated the measure. It is not safe
to trammel such a man with platforms, pledges or
;' principles. There is no telling what he may want to
•do when he gets office. There is one thing that can
be set down as a certainty, however. He is like the
needle to the pole in his fidelity to the Clan Gal
lagher. After the Democratic victory of 1892 this fea
ture in his policy furnished McNab the material for
one of liis Gaelic epigrams. Several offices and ap
■ pointments were lagging. Some one asked McNab
why the delay in filling them, and he replied,
"They're waitin' for a ship that's comin' with another
■' load of Gallaghers."
"Is General Shafter responsible?" asks an ex
change. He is responsible for having bounced from
Cuba a lot of worse than worthless mischief-makers
who posed as correspondents, and this circumstance
ii enough to make him responsible for everything
else.
. . The fact that all the battles of importance in the
present war have been fought on Sunday does not
leave undisturbed the implied promise of peace in the
" did song, "Every day '11 be Sunday by and by."
The theory that we benefit Spain by taking away
.her colonies has not yet induced that country to send
over a vote of thanks.
• • Rea's modest ambition to become State boss has no
greater obstacle to contend with than the frank oppo
sition o f the State.
CAMPAIGN THOUGHTS.
HENRY WARD BEECPIER once said that
when a boy he could always tell the Sabbath
from other days because in the morning he
observed large numbers of men armed with shot
guns and followed by dogs making for the adjacent
forests. Thus are many things manifested by signs.
Everybody in California knows a "Republican year"
not only by the appearance of large numbers of can
didates for office, but by the persistency with which
the friends of the "good fellows" of politics endeavor
to foist their favorites upon the party. The theory
of the politicians in "Republican years" is that the
people must vote their ticket anyhow. Having their
party voters in the door, as it were, they force upon
them weak and unpopular candidates and defy them
to resist.
So it often happens that "Republican years" in
California are manifested by great activity among the
politicians. The idea of these individuals in making
"fights" is, as far as possible, to keep out of conven
tions all Republicans who think on public questions
or who entertain preconceived notions of what can
didates or policies are necessary to bring success. If
Mr. Gage of Southern California, for instance, were
empowered to appoint the Republican convention
which meets at Sacramento on the 23d inst. he would
fill it with his personal friends. At the hands of these
gentlemen he would, after going through certain
forms calculated to throw dust in the eyes of the
people, modestly accept the honor of a nomination
for Governor and actually consider himself the great
est man in the State.
As a matter of fact both he and Dr. P*ardee have
been endeavoring to do this very thing. They have
no idea whatever of submitting their claims to the
governorship to the sense df an unbiased conven
tion, selected at random from among the best men in
the party; their plan is to get as many of their per
sonal friends elected delegates as possible, and to se
cure from their respective counties "solid" delega
tions. With the assistance of these blind and unrea
soning followers they hope to make "combinations"
and "trades" with the blind and unreasoning follow
ers of other candidates on the ticket who have
worked the same game, and by these means they in
tend to force themselves upon the people. With
strange fatuity they imagine that the appearance
upon the ticket of their names with the word "Re
publican" appended will sweep them into power.
It seems incredible that intelligent human beings
should reason in this way, but the fact that such rea
soning prevails is not only proved by the campaign
which these two estimable and intelligent gentlemen
have made, but it is clinched by the course the bosses
and politicians of the Republican party generally are
pursuing in this so-called "Republican year." Every
where we hear of "programmes," "combinations,"
"trades," stuffed delegations, dummy delegates, pri
mary tactics and the other things, by the appearance
of which, like Mr. Beecher's hunters, we may ascer
tain that a certain kind of day or year is at hand.
We hear that only machine men are to go on guard
in 1898 because it is a "Republican year" and the peo
ple need not be consulted. We hear that candidates
for various offices hope to get on the "slate," and that
this boss or that boss has a man whom he is deter
mined to foist upon the party. We hear— but why
continue the ridiculous recital? It is a "Republican
year" and anybody can be elected.
But, after all, is this a year when the Republican
politicians can safely be permitted to nominate our
candidates and make our platforms? The war is
over. A month hence it will neither be discussed nor
thought of in this State. The burning and ever
present questions of low taxation, an economical and
honest government, clean appointments and a re
spectable and honest Legislature will recur again
and absorb public attention. Do the Republicans of
California think they can carry this State on the
achievements of Dewey, Sampson, Miles and Shatter
against the personal interests of the taxpayers, the
workingmen and the farming classes? Do they
imagine that a bloody shirt and the old flag are going
to induce the toiling masses to project their yellow
dogs into office?
If they have any such idea we can inform them
now that in pursuing it they are rnshing to their
doom. The Australian ballot has demolished Repub
lican years, yellow dogs and political bosses. The
people must be given candidates in whom they have
confidence and for whom they desire to vote. Can
didates forced upon them by personal friends and
political combinations cannot be elected. The great
necessity of the day is Republican nominees with
records, with standing as citizens, with established
reputations for integrity, free from railroad, corpora
tion and boss control. Only such candidates can
win.
These are frozen ti-uili*. If Ibe Repnb.
liranw do not heed them they -will encoun
ter a political icel»erg: In XoTembernext.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT CONDEMNED.
BY the Seattle Times we learn that the fruit in
spector at that city "has declared war on Cali
fornia fruit with a vengeance." It is announced
that on one day he "condemned as utterly unfit for
use nearly 400 boxes of pears and apples, mostly the
former, which reached the city from San Francisco."
In explanation of the war against our fruit the in
spector is quoted by the Times as having said: "San
Francisco has been one of the greatest known quar
antine stations against insect pests on the American
continent. The work has been under the supervision
of a man who stands second to none in reputation
since the death of Professor Riley as a quarantine in
spector, and has been paid a large salary by the State
of California. Nevertheless, San Francisco is and
has been for the last eight or ten years, to my knowl
edge, the worst infected city in the United States
from pestiferous insect pests, and the second is Port
land."
The charge is one which it behooves the authorities
here to investigate. It does not come from an ir
responsible source, nor from one whose opinions are
of no value. When as many as 400 boxes of fruit are
condemned in a single day out of the cargo of a
single steamer, it is clear that our fruit trade with the
north is likelj' to suffer a good deal unless something
is done to remedy the evil.
Californians will of course make no protest against
the action of the officials of other States in excluding
Calif ornian fruit infected with pests. We pursue that
course with such fruit when it comes to us, and we
would be glad to see the same policy carried out
everywhere with inflexible justness and strictness. If
infected fruit is produced in this State and sent to
the general market we wish it exposed and con
demned for our own sakes. It is well known here
that the sooner such fruit is rendered absolutely un
marketable the better it will be for all orchardists
throughout the Union.
This much being conceded, it is not likely that we
will be misunderstood when we protest against the
sweeping assertion of the Seattle official that San
Francisco is to his knowledge "the worst infected city
in the United States" with insect pests. No State in
the Union has exercised a more stringent supervision
THE SAN FRASTCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 10, 1898.
over the fruit industry than California, and the or
chardists of no State have given a more general or a
more cordial support to the fruit inspectors in en
forcing the law.
That pests exist in the State is beyond question.
They never can be wholly eradicated. Any such
statement as that credited to the Seattle man is, how
ever, a palpable injustice, and if uncontradicted may
prove to be an injury to our fruit trade as well as a
slander upon the efficiency of our inspection. As
the case is reported by the Times it looks as if the
inspector had allowed his language, if not his official
actions, to be biased by something like a local preju
dice against San Francisco as a fruit market and Cali
fornia as a fruit producing State.
THE country honors the dead who gave to it
their lives. They are to memory dear whether
they perished in the harbor of Havana, before
the withering fire of Cardenas, or sleep, unnamed, in
the trenches about Santiago. Some have found rest
in Pacific waters, and some in the soil of the far Phil
ippines. But to their countrymen these soldier and
sailor dead are all heroes, and to honor them is a
common impulse.
It is a matter of regret that with a precipitation ut
terly shameless, because the hope of self-advertising
was so apparent, Mr. Hearst and his brood should
have proposed a monument to those who have
fallen, for no monument could be builded through
means such as characterize the Journal and Examiner
without being designed to perpetuate the foul repute
of these sheets. To have them even remotely linked
with the enterprise ostensibly designed to commem
orate brave men and brave deeds were an insult un
speakable, far more gross than that there should be
not so much as a tablet of record.
It has not been forgotten that when the scheme
was new the Journal made overtures to solicitors,
promising them 10 per cent of all they might be able
to collectl Is this the method of unselfishness? Does
this savor of decency? Hardly; it is yellow journal
ism. Now the Examiner proposes to have given
here a great pyrotechnic display, to be ujider its own
management, the proceeds to be devoted to the
monument it proposes to have the public erect to
Hearst. The public has been worked to the limit. It
sees through the scheme. It will hesitate about dan
cing to Willies music again, for Willie always gets
the credit and the public pays the fiddlei.
It will be remembered that a season ago the Ex
aminer ran a baseball tournament for "charity."
Throughout there was mismanagement, but the game
was profitable. Occasionally some of the surplus
money would really be given to charity, and then
there would be a great blare of horns as for some
thing magnificent, whereas the stated object of the
whole scheme was that funds might be raised for
charity. No hollower fraud ever disgusted observers
or lined the pockets of a sharper.
There is also a lively recollection of the fact that
the Examiner procured by subscription a sum of
money for the families of some firemen killed on
duty. It retained the money, the legitimate owners
had to bring suit, and even then failed of getting that
which the donors had intended for them, and not for
the Examiner.
Because of these things, more than because of the
unreliability of the Examiner as a newspaper, the
public will hesitate to add to the income of Hearst
a sum out of which he must pay the agent a per cent,
and of which there is no taw to compel him to give
an accounting.
L«t there be a monument to our dead, but let it
be planned by people in whom there is reason to
have confidence, whose motive is something higher
than self-glorification, and who have not devoted
themselves, first to the creation of war, and then to
the accentuating of its horrors. The country is not
ripe for a monument to Hearst. Indeed, that gen
tleman himself is not quite ripe for the distinction,
a circumstance giving rise to varied emotions, among
which regret is not the most prominent.
FIVE DAYS FOR REGISTRATION.
T — \EGISTRATION at the main office at the City
I—/' Hall closed yesterday. There remain five days
for precinct registration. Those citizens who
have neglected to register when they might have
done so with comfort, promptness and convenience
during the past weeks will now have to join in the
rush at the precincts. It will be better fpr them to
do that, however, than to forfeit the right of voting,
and it is to be hoped all will attend to it.
Up to this time in all parts of the Union there has
been an evident spirit of indifference among the peo
ple as regards the coming campaign. In his address
on accepting a renomination for Congress Speaker
Reed referred to this feeling as something extraor
dinary, something unprecedented in his experience
with politics. That indifference, however, is rapidly
passing away. The war has been virtually fought
out, peace is at hand, and the attention of the peo
ple is returning to home affairs. It is safe to say
that even now in California more interest is taken in
political news than in war news, and this predom
inance of political interest will increase tintil after the
election.
Those who have expected the coming campaign
will be notable chiefly for its lassitude will be dis
appointed. Those who decline to take the trouble to
register because they believe there will be nothing
in the State or the Congressional contests to arouse
them or make it worth while for them to take an
active part in the determination of the result on elec
tion day will undoubtedly find they have made a se
rious mistake.
In California it is clear the contest is to be one be
tween the people and the bosses, between the repre
sentatives of honest politics and those that stand for
machine politics. In that fight there will be no
apathy in any class of citizens. Every person,
whether he stands for the people or with the push,
will feel a desire to vote, and those who have
forfeited the right by their own neglect will bitterly
regret it.
It goes without saying that the bosses will see to it
that their henchmen are registered to a man. No
votes will be lost to their side. Negligence of politi
cal duties is a vice of the better class of citizens
rather than of the lower class. It is estimated that
about 35.000 persons entitled to register and to vote
have not yet been registered. Five days of grace re
main to them. If their patriotic regard for the pub
lic welfare is eqtial to their intelligence they will not
neglect the opportunity of these closing days. Nor
should there be any delay further than is impera
tively necessary. All who can possibly do so should
register to-day.
There is no room for argument over the terms of
peace offered to Spain. She has only to accept
the peace as it is tendered, or get a little more sense
knocked into her first.
It would indeed be a graceful act for the heirs of
Adolph Sutro to carry out his wishes in relation to
benefactions he designed bestowing upon the city.
FOR THE HEROIC DEfID.
WILL HE CATCH THE GALLERY?
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
M. J. Wright of Sacramento ia at the
Grand.
Hon. S. O. Perkins of Tacoma 1b at the
Palace.
D. Elsen, a merchant of Slssons, Is at
the Grand.
Fred Harvey of Kansas City, Mo., Is
at the Palace.
J. A. Barham, the Congressman, Is at
the Ocldental.
W. W. Tierney, an attorney of Camp
bells, Is at the Grand.
Dr. F. F. Tebblts and wife of Sacramen
to are at the Baldwin.
L. L. Jewell, a mining man from Grants
Pass, Or., is at the Grand.
Lieutenant F. H. Lefavor, U. S. N., and
wife are at the Occidental.
Dr. Frank R. Dray of Boston, Mass., Is
registered at the California.
Carl L". Lindsay, District Attorney of
Santa Cruz, is at the Grand.
O. A. Hale, a well-known merchant of
San Jose, is at the California.
M. A. Newmark, formerly in the diplo
matic service, is at the Palace.
H. A. Drachman, a prominent merchant
of Tucson, is a guest at the Baldwin.
William H. Corbersler, U. S. A., has
taken apartments at the Occidental.
Bank Commissioner J. B. Fuller of
Mtirysville is a guest at the California,
C. C. Beekman, the well known banker
of Oregon is at the Grand with his fam
ily. »
John U. Smith, United States Commis
sioner at Dyea, arrived yesterday, and is
at the Russ.
George W. Peltier, a prominent banker
and wine man of Sacramento, is a guest
at the Grand.
J. A. Brendt, a well-known mining man
of Plymouth, Cal., ha 3 taken apartments
at the Gra-iul.
L. M. Kaiser, prominent in banking cir
cles, of San Luis Obispo, has taken apart
ments at the Baldwin.
. C. Ryan, a mining man from Chicago,
has Just returned from Alaska and is at
the Occidental.
C. H. Duell, Commissioner of Patents,
arrived from the East yesterday with his
family and is at the Palace.
Lester L. More, the bfg seed man of
Santa Clara, arrived in the city last even
ing and took apartments at the Califor
nia.
Major Bryan and Captain Brand of the
British army are at the Occidental. They
will leave for the Colonies on the next
steamer to report for duty.
H. B. Gehr and H. L. Wheatley of Chi
cago arrived in the city last evening and
registered at the Palace. They will leave
for Honolulu on the Mariposa, which sails
to-day.
J. M. Griffith, James Cuzner, Ezra T.
Stimson and W. A. Morgan, prominent
lumber men of Los Angeles, arrived yes
terday from Los Angeles to attend a con
ference in this city.
CHOICE FIGHTING STOCK.
The Rough Rider Regiment contains:
Dude millonaires, eager for a fight.
College professor, not of the usual type.
Western Sheriffs, accustomed to shoot
at the drop of a hat.
Harvard graduates who know not Nor-
ton.
Cow punchers with gunpowder in their
blood.
Also twenty-six full-blooded Indians,
anxious for glory and scalps.
Finally, Lieutenant Colonel Roosevelt,
whose eyeglasses shine with warlike ex
citement.—City of Mexico Herald.
EDISON'S SON AND OTHERS.
Examination of applicants for enlist
ment in the First Battalion of the First
Regiment of the brigade of volunteer en
gineers began yesterday at the recruit-
Ing station, 335 Broadway. Over 1000 can
didates presented themselves. Four hun
dred men are required.
Some of the most distinguished engin
eers of the country will be officers of the
regiment. Now look at the list of some
of the privates:
Eugene Mitklewicz Jr. of Plantsville.
Conn., a son of the once famous "Count"
Eugene Mitkiewicz; Richard J. Purcell,
general inspector of the Hudson County
Electrical Company; William Stoneman,
C. E., for three years an officer in the
Duke of Cornwall's Royal Volunteer En
gineers: W. L. Edison, the 21-year-old
son of Thomas A. Edison, who has worked
In his fatner's laboratory at Llewellyn
Park for the past three years; Gustave
Ravene, assistant to Professor Boas In
the American Museum of Natural His
tory and for two years a member of the
Royal Engineers' Corps of Italy; Ernest
Burpee, a civil and electrical engineer,
who, until he came to this country about
three years ago, was a member of the
Corps of Engineers of Switzerland; Frank
H. Woodward, a graduate of Harvard and
an electrical engineer; Edward Erdle,
Carlstadt, N. J., a graduate of Columbia
and until recently employed In the United
States Coast and Geodetic Survey; F. R.
Schmidt, formerly of the Fourth German
Lancers; E. W. Stern, connected with
the Department of Public Works and a
member of the American Society of Civil
Engineers; Thomas F. Artriance, in
specting engineer of the department of
Public Works; Thomas Mlddlemass, an
electrical engineer and at one time a
member of the Second Life Guard, Brit
ish army.— New York Sun.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE BUFFALO— \V. H. R.. City. The
auxiliary cruiser Buffalo carries one nf
teen-lnch dynamite gun.
THE SAN BLAS-P. TV*. 8., Oakland,
Cal. The San Bias was not wrecked on
the Pacific coast during the year 1597.
STATES AND TERRITORIES— W. B.
H.. City. There are forty-live States and
six territories over which the American
flag waves at this time by virtue of ad
mission and organization.
THE PARROTT BUILDING— A. C. R.,
Klaraathon (Pokogama), Siskiyou
County. Cal. The Parrott building, which
is commonly coiled the Emporium, in San
Francisco, is located on the southerly side
of Market street, between Fourth and
Fifth.
BREISE— E. G.. City. This department
Is at a loss to know who is meant by the
question. "How long has Mr. Breise been
writing for the paper?" If the correspond
ent will state who Mr. Breise is and what
paper he has been writing for possibly
an answer can be furnished.
CABLEGRAMS— Subscriber, City. Ca
blegTams that reach Washington from the
Philippine Islands are sent from Manila
by steamer to Hongkong, from there ca
bled to Europe, from Europe to Xow York
and from that point by the ordinary tele
graph iines to Washington, D. C.
CANARlES— Subscriber, City. The
Campanini canaries, bred in Germany,
are the best singers. They have long,
silvery trills, high and low bells, every
tone mellow, and the soft, long notes are
interspersed with flutelike whistlings.
These birds usually sing the whole year
round.
SEPARATE PROPERTY— J. X., City.
If a man and wife have been separated
for fifteen years, or any time, without
divorce, the husband cannot claim any
portion of property which the wife ac
quired before her marriage, as that is her
separate property and not subject to any
authority but her own.
NOT ABSOLUTE FREE TRADE— P.
H., Millwood, Cal. There is not absolute
free trade in England. A person cannot
ship a consignment of tobacco to Eng
land from the United States and have it
entered free of tax. That country col
lects tariff on beer, cards, chicory, chlo
ral, dydrate, cocoa, coffee, collodion, con
fectionery, ether, ethyl, fruit, naphtha.
soap, spirits (specified), tea, tobacco and
wine.
MARRIAGE AT SEA-City Reader.
City. A great many persons have j
searched the law books of all countries j
to find a law that authorizes the captain j
of a vessel to perform the ceremony of !
marriage at sea, but as yot no one has
discovered such a law. There never hus i
been a legal decision as to whether v !
marriage performed at sea by the captain |
of a vessel is legal.
TO BECOME AN ACTOR— A Subscrib
er, Stockton. Cal. There are books to be
obtained from first-class booksellers that
will assist one who desires to become an
actor, but books are not all that is needed I
to become an actor. There must be talent, j
which requires development, a good mem
ory and an unlimited amount of close
study under the instructions of a good
elocutionist and the taking of Instructions
from a first-class retired actor.
TEOMAN-R. S. J., City. The pay of
yeoman in the United States navy is $60
per month. A yeoman is an appointed
officer who has charge of the stores in
his department. The ship's yeoman has
charge of the boatswain's, carpenter's and
sailmaker's stores, etc.; the engineer's
yeoman has charge of all the stores in the
engineer's department; the paymaster's
yeoman takes care of provisions, cloth
ing and small stores, and issues them as
j directed.
THE PRAYER CROSS— S. C, City.
The large stone cross in Golden Gate
Park was erected by the late George W.
Childs of Philadelphia. The reason for
Its erection Is given in the inscription:
"A memorial to the service held on the
shore of Drake's Bay, about St. John the
Baptist's day, June 24, 1579, by Francis
Fletcher, priest of the Church of Eng
land, chaplain of Sir Francis Drake,
chronicler of the service." On the panels
are the. following inscriptions: "First
Christian service In the English tongue
on our coast." "First use of the book of
common prayer in our country." "One of
the first recorded missionary prayers on
our continent."
ENGAGEMENT-E. D., City. This cor
respondent writes: "A gentleman desiring
to become engaged to a young lady would
like to know how such is officially per
formed." This department is not aware
that there is anything official about such
an engagement, but will say that abaut
a!l that there is to be done is to obtain
the lady's consent to ask her parents, and
if they are agreeable, anil the lady does
not object, then fix the day for the wed
ding. If the gentleman or the lady is
very anxious to rr.ak*- the matter pub
lic, either can is^ue letters to friends an
nouncing the fact, or make It known
through the society columns of the dally
newspapers.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'i*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping- Bureau iAH p n's>, 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
WATCHES THAT SPEAK.
A Swiss inventor makes watches that
speak. By means of a phonograph they
announce In words the hours in the tones
of various speakers. Women seem to take
greatly to this novelty.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr*.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 23c a bottle.
CORONADO — Atmosphere is perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely free from th«
mists common further north. Round-trip tick
ets, by steamship, Including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronado, $G0; longer stay,
$2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery st.
S. F.. or E. S. BABCOCK. Manager Hotel del
Coronado, Coronado, Cal.
A PECULIARITY OF HORSES.
Korses sleep with one ear pointed to
the front: but why. no man can tell.
Advertisements.
MACKAY'S,
7
A '■
Department •.-•
To Be
Cfosedjhit!
To Effect a Quick Return of Investment
in Our
Furniture
Department
The SUM. 000 stock of same is to be
oner»d at LESS THAN ACTUAL COST,
coiumenclntr
MONDAY. AUGUST STH. 'v. '-"j
\\> take space for a few quotations
to convince the public of the serious-
ness. of our intention.
Solid Oak CENTER TA8LE5...... 45c
Solid Oak DINING CHA1R5...... 91. 00
Solid Oak Arm COBBLER ROCK-
ERS .75
Large Antique Oak CHIFFONIERS,
• • ■ ...93.05
3-piece Eastern Hard-wood ! CHAM-
BER SUITS. French plate $12.05
3-plece Solid Oak CHAMBER SUITS
bevel plate 24x30. $1.">.OO
CORDUROY COUCHES.. $0.25
BED LOUNGES, patent 95.25
B-piece PARLOR SETS, in fine TAP-
ESTRIES $21.50
HALLRACKS $4.25
. These represent from 23 to 50 per cent
of PREVAILING RETAIL PRICES.
Figure it out.
CARPETS!
In this department during Furniture
Close-out LOW PRICES prevail.
SMITH'S BEST TAPESTRY. 650
AX MINSTER *1.15
MOQUETTE RUGS. 27x63 91.85
MOQUETTB! RUGS, 36x72 93.25
LINOLEUMS. -: 45c
WATCH OUR WINDOWS AND OUR
PRICES.
ALEX. MACKAY & SON,
715 Market St.MAGUIRE DID NOT DISCUSS
HIS GUBERNATORIAL ASPIRATIONS
Spoke on Issues of the
• ,E)ay, but Not of His
;> Candidacy.
Criticized the Position of
; • Two of His Fellow Con
gressmen.
.' '<•£.• "Tney could "not have passed
..® it (the refunding bill) if our
• ® ' representatives from Ca!i
' ® > .fornia had remained faith
■\® ' ful to their promises. — Ex m
.(£ tract from Congressman Haguire's
.0 speech.
James G. Mag^iire arrived In this city
last bight from "Washington and opened
his campaign for the Governorship of this
State. His address at Metropolitan Tem
p!e required one hour and three-quarters
in its delivery. He spoke eloquently of
..the war and the noble part played in it
■.by California men and California ships.
He abused his colleagues in the House,
but never one ■word on the question as to
whether he -will accept the Populist nom
■l nation— the question uppermost In the
minds of the people. For the matter of
that he did not hint whether he was a
candidate for the Democratic nomination,
eft her.
.- ■ Preparations had been mad- to receive
the Congressman at the ferry and escort
.Mm to the Hail. Owing to delays the pro
cession did not leave Market "and i ffth
streets until S o'clock. The result was
that the uniformed clubs, consisting of
.the Democratic Central. German Central,
iToqucis. Thirty-first District and the Ma
gtilre Club met their guest before reach
ing the ferry.
■ '. iWlth. Congressman Maguire -were Rob
•'ert/Ferral. Charles Holcomb and Senator
, T..;E. Tfeacy. The marching men wheeled
;• lnto-.-lise and with bands playing anu ban
/rfers' flying escorted the Congressman to
" S'letropolitan Hall.
■■•";" The uniformed clubs, preceded by their
bands,' led the way into the hall, the
: 'throng, rising and cheering Mag-uire when
• ' h-e made his appearance. At this time
....every available point oi vantage was oc
- cupped.. • The speaker of the evening was
•introduced by Walter P. Stradley.
■ magjiire acknowledged the warmth of
■ : his reception, saying it was highly grati
■i'y-'-TS 'to be received so kindly tn hits own
..g' : ace: • He took it to mean ratirication of
; h:S course and that he had been received
r ln : ro'-.the- hearts of the masses.
. ' 'SurftiE-s from this the speaker entered
.upon an exhaustive review of the war and
'■ .especially upon the matter of increase-"
.•.tixat^on- for its maintenance upon the
■p'7}r • people. He showed how, although
;_-tha .rich and tne poor should contribute
. In ec;v"al proportion to the support of the
<soy"er:-.me"nt. it had not been done in this !
li£atap.ce, the wealth of the rich having !
....been 'exempted from taxation. He in- •
■•stanced the case of Miss Helen Gould, j
■■-'W'hbVundir.JS that she was not required to j
pay- an adequate amount in war tax. had j
•■'eo'r.jr.te'd a Hundred thousand dollars to j
. . '-Government. He knew of no other
'Instance of this character.
• He. 'touched the hearts of his auditors
■ -with', his tribute to the California men in
"Cuba.. and the Philippines. His references
to 'Admiral Dewey and his California
built-* ship. Oiymp. : a, and the matchless
' .Oregon on the Eastern station, drew forth
thunders of cheers. As to the Phillp
■ pine?'.' he said:
.'••What shall be done .th these is>
• lands ultimately I am not prepared to
' cay.. but this I do say concerning them,
. that they should be disposed of accord-
Ing' to the best Interests of our coun
• fry,.- limited only by the consideration of
the "-rights of the people of the several
: possessions, rights that our country re
cognizes and accords to all at home or
abrpad. In the settlement of these
•questions those Interests alone all be
considered, and. respecting the rights of
'. the.- people there, those Questions shall be
settled according to our final judgment
of what is the best interest of "our own
■ country without any foreign or extrar.
-•eous interference."
■ He attacked Senator Morgan of Ala
| 6ama for his change of heart on the re
• funding bill, showing how for years he
Zia.6. opposed it bitterly, and how h<=- was
, -won over in the last tight by the eorpo
. ■ ration interests. In this connection he
attacked Congressman Barham and Loud
..of this" State, blaming them for th" lo<=s
Of. the fight.. He said that they will have
■ to ...explain to their constituents how
they, voted for the refunding measure.
•-•Their, votes lost the opponents of the !
-measure the votes of men who were 100k
.... representatives of California
• for -guidance in the matter. Their votes
alone, according: to the speaker, coat
enough support from other States to
make' the passage of the measure pos
' •fcifcle.
'•• ■ ■•"Eq"ual rights to all, spec: privileges
'.to nqne, must be the watchword of the ■
■'Tutpre campaigns of all parties that have
• the popular interest at heart, that stand
■ for the rights of the people against the
dqrciinlbn of man." he said in closing.
/fho vice-presidents of the meeting,
Seated upon the stage with Mr. Magulre,
"Were: •
.."James D. Phelan. John P. Dunn, Dr.
."Charles A. Clinton, T. E. Treacy. W. c.
Graves, James H. Barry. Max Popper.
Major P. J. Hamey. John F. McGovern,
' Thomas J. Walsh. M. Greenblatt, M. C.
Hassett, William Fahey. Colonel William
F" Sullivan Jr.. E. T. Mlnnehan, Joseph
Leggett, Robert Ferral. Henry C. Ges
fo'rd, WJlliam P. Lawlor, Gavin McNab,
Thomas J. Glynn. William M. Hinton, J.
M .Nougues, A. C. Freese, Dr. John A.
-Miller, George A. Clough. George D. Gil
:jespie. Henry Huppert, M. E. Douglas.
Arthur Crooker. A. B. Kinr.e. Charles
larger. George T. Sllvey. J. M. Luster,
Dr C D. Cleveland, J. W. Reay, Louis
Crackbon. Dr. W. N. Griswold, Burdette
Cornell. F. J. Gregory. Captain G. KrJmp
hoff. William Craig, Samuel Braunhart.
"P T Flynn. Bart Burke. H. T. Creswell.
' .He treated of the great fight against
.the funding bill, saying:
• It Is not my purpose to-night to deal gen
erally with the issues of the approaching cam
paign Those issues, I trust, will be formu
lated wisely and well by the Democratic State
• Convention; -which is to meet in a few days.
That, after pledging our Democratic party In
•California to the principles of the Chicago
p'.atfortn. to the Issue* for which we have
stood and for which the treat allied force*
stood in the last campaign, they will wisely
determine according to Democratic principles
• how ail other great questions concerning the
people here shall be settled. I said that cor
pora*- Interests, that the aggregated and con
centrated wealth of the country, represented
In its political energy by what has come to be
known as •Har.nalstn" in the National Gov
ernment, ha« been' talcing advantage of the ex
cltemvnt of the war and the patriotic enthusi
asm'of the people, causing them in the general
•Interest and crisis of their country to forget
/.their domestic danger, to make inroads upon
[.'popular rights. An illustration of that is to be
: found In the measure passed in the closing
hours •'. the last session of Congress, by which
a' oommisston was created to refund the debts
of the Central Pacific .Railroad. That measure
.has -been variously commented upon.
. 'Senator Morgan of Alabama, a distinguished
" Senator w-ho rendered ub for some years
splendid support and assistance In our fight
..-S.cilrist the refunding of the Pacific Railroad
'debt, stated this morning In an interview that
he considered that the measure recently passed
had placed the Government of the United States
In a better position with reference to the Pa
cific Railroads than it had ever occupied.
Senator Morgan, in an evil hour, was per
suaded to offer that very amendment to the
•general deficiency bill. I was never more sur
prised in my life than when I found that Sena
tor. Morgan of Alabama was in the act of
'I.Otroduclng that measure In the United States
Seriate. He defended it there upon grounds
that Indicated that he had been entirely de
ceived as to its purpose and effect. He de
fended it there upon the ground that it would
bring about the same settlement of the Central
Pacific Railroad debts to the Government that
had been secured in the case of the Union Pa
cific. The very contrary m the fact. The
■ measure of which I speak was a measure pro
. vldfing for the creation of a commission to do
but one thing, namely, to provide for refund
ing" th* debt of th? Central Pacific Railroad.
. The Union Pacific Railroad debt to the Gov
ernment was not settled in that way. After
■every possible effort had been made to. secure
.a" refunding arrangement, after every assur
ance possible had been given to every depart
.ment of the Government having anything to
tin with the, matter, that the Union Paclflo
. Railroad could Dot ray its debt to th« Govern
ment, foreclosure proceedings were instituted
Congressman Magnire Discussed Everything but His
Candidacy for the Governorship.
! ar.d carried on to the decree and order of sale.
When the time came for the sale the Govern
ment of the United States simply stood firmly
upon the existing law, upon that grand piece
or legislation known as the Thurmaa act. The
Union Pacific Railroad reorganized and prompt
! ly made a bid for the payment of the entire
' debt to the United States Government. If the
1 Government hid taken the same course with
; the Central Pacific Railroad, either Mr Hunt
ir.gton and his associates at the foreclosure
sale would hare offered and paid every dollar
of the debt due to the Government, or the
owners of one of the ether roads running Into
Ogden would have bought the Oattal Pacific
and established a competing line tor the bene
fit of the entire Pacific Coast. Or, falling that.
the Government would have done its duty. and.
under the act of ISS7, would have taken ue
read ir.to its own possession and. custody and
would have seen that a conticuoßa highway at
least to the Pacific Coast, according to the
contemplation and declaration of the original
Pacific Railroad act, would have been estab
lished for the general benefit of the people,
aad not for the private enrichment of a few
me:: given monopoly control of the transporta
tion of the West.
Senator Morgan says, and it simply shows
thxt he has not given the. thought to tne ques
tion that he save in the earlier stage* ot the
contest, that the government's position has
b<*«n made better than it was before by the
pa-sage of tL'.s measure, la what respect?
There is nothing In the measure that has been
passed that -. the lead improves the govern
ment's position. The debt was due, a large
proportion of it was overdue.
The Attorney General of the United States
■was preparing the foreclosure papers and was
about to institute foreclosure proceedings in
order to •:cel the payment of the debt or
to take the read in satisfaction of the claim
of the government. On the 10th of March and
again on the B1 . of March the Attorney Gen
eral wrote letters stating that he was prepar
ing the papers as rapidly as possible; that the
liens of the government of both of these roads
were subject to foreclosure and that he in
tended to proceed. This measure simply ar
rested the foreclosure proceedings. Under the
measure as it finally passed with the Bar
ham amendment one year is given tor the ne
gotiations for a refunding agreement and, set
tlement. - : -'^ 1
The Central Pacific people are bound to noth
ing. At the end of the year, having held the
monopoly of the Central Pacific without paying
a dollar far the year, they may reject the prop
osition altogether and Uncle Sam will be in
no better Boaitlon that he is to-day at the
best. It gives Mr. Huntlngton and his asso
ciates time within which to endeavor to get a
longer period of refunding and a lower rate of
Interest. They shrewdly presented a proposi
tion that they did Dot Intend to comply with.
They knew that they could not get through
a measure like th» Powers bill of the Fifty
fourth Congress, but they got through a bill
that declared for the principles apon which
they wanted to deal with the government. They
got through a bill providing for refunding in
ten instead of eighty-six years, according to the
Powers b:ll. They got through a bill providing
that they must pay 3 per cent interest upon
the unpaid Installments Instead of 2 per cent.
What does Mr. Hunttngton say that they
propose to do? Precisely what I predicted on
the floor of the House. They POM to keep
these negotiations pending with a measure, if
possible, to get the commission to recommend
a longer term and lower interest to the next
ses3'.on of Congress. Mr. Huntington, when in
terviewed a few days after the passage of the
b'.ll, both by the San Francisco Examiner and
Th- Ean Francisco Call, and asked if the Cen
tral Pacific Railroad people intended to settle
according to the terms of this Mil, said eva
sively, "Oh. a great many things might hap
pen thin a year: I have known a great many
things to happen within a year." Again In an
interview with The Call, he said: "I think
there will be changes In this Legislature."
And again, further presenting hie project In a
lat»r interview, he said. "We must have at
least thirty years to make the settlement."
By Member next they must have eighty-six
years probably, and tyro per cent interest. But
It doesn't make much difference to us whether
I it is eighty-six years or thirty years", He ex
j pects to hold the monopoly of the Central Pa
cific Railroad by securing a refunding arrange
ment for at least thirty years, continuing the
dominion of himself and his successors over
the Interest and over the transportation of the
I Pacific Coast for such part of thirty years as
j the people of California will tolerate his domin
i ion, and until they either build a competing
I road or until they secure the building of a
I competing road by some one else.
If for any reason h» and his associates should
i accept the terms of the present refunding act,
what would be the r»?ult to the Government of
i the United States? Simply that by the accept
ance of the terra* of the act all the collateral
obligations of all these people to the Govern
ment would be wiped out forever. In no event,
neither in case of failure to accept nor In case
I of acceptance by the Centra! Pacific Railroad
| Company of the terms of this act can the
position of the Government be benefited one
iota.
J} want to Ray of Senator Morgan of Ala
bama that he has fallen into a grievous error
in this manner. He has not looked at the
Que * ,?? f V m l £ e /tandpoint of the Interests
of California and of the Pacific Coast He ha.«
looked at It from the standpoint of an Ala
baman, In the House of Representatives after
full discussion of the measure "and a vote
taken, every Democrat and every Populist in
: the House, with the .Ingle exception of Mr.
! Bankhead of Senator Morgan's State voted to
repudiate the position taken by Morgan— voted
to sustain the position taken by the Demo
cratic and Populist Representatives from the
Pacific Coast and the Silver Republicans from
I Nevada, for Frank G. Ne^-lands of Nevada
made a magnificent fl^ht against the measure,
supporting and upholding us. The measure
was evidently Bought to be made a party
I measure in the closing hours of the last ses
! sion of Congress, and I may say that the time
I was well chosen for the action that wag taken,
i because the session of Congress was dragging
along long after it was expected that the ses
sion would close, and. as always under such
circumstances, a large proportion of the mem
! bers who had made their arrangements to go
i away from Washington in anticipation of
i early adjournment bad gone away. Those who
i left were about the same proportion of West
' em. Southern. Eastern and Northern Repre
sentatives. When the crisis came over this
measure it was impossible to call back the
BOSSISM RECEIVES A
SEVERE SETBACK.
STOCKTON', Aug. 9.— Republican voters to-day sustained at the prim
aries the regular tickets selected at the ward meetings last evening by
overwhelming majorities. It was the- heaviest vote ever polled at primar
ies in the history of the party.
T^he movement was directed against cliques and combines and the best
citizens in the party turned out and worked. The result was tfca death of
boasism in the party. The county convention which meets on Saturday
will be a representative one. The State delegation will go unpledged and
uninstructed for Governor, but much preference is expressed for Davis.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGI^ST 10, 1898.
' Western and Southern men who had gone to
distances varying from 1000 to 3000 miles away.
Tne opponents of the measure were largely
from the South and West. Those favorable to
1 the measure were generally from the railroad
dominated States of the East, within a couple
i of hundred miles of Washington. They were
called back in droves to vote the measure
through. Cooper of Wisconsin, our stalwart
champion in the previous lights, tad gone to
I his State. Ke could not get back until Thurs
' day. I and my associates made every effort to
i Becure three days' debate upon the measure,
but we were only able to secure two days.
I and Cooper was Dot able to get back In time
to take part in the debate or even to vote upon
, the measure. So well contrived was the plan
for getting the measure through that we were
practically powerless to bring cur men back.
, while they had within their power by reason of
. the geographical distribution of their support
: ers ample opportunity to bring them back and
pass the measure. Even then they secured its
i passage by only eight votes with all those ad
' vantages in their favor.
They could not have passed It If our Repre
> sentatives from California had remained faith
ful to their promises. Representative Barham
' of the First District, to whom I nave always
given credit for his fidelity on this question.
I for some reason which he will doubtless ex-
I plain, changed his mind on the question of re
funding the Pacific Railroad debts, and as a
Representative of California, voted for the re
funding measure. That vote lost us the rotes
of the weak Republicans who were looking to
the California Republicans for guidance in the
matter, and his vote alone cost us enough of
Republican support from other States to make
the passage of the measure possible. He must
answer to his constituents of the First Dis
trict I make no further comment on his course
except to ear that In the Fifty-third, Fifty
fourth and Fifty-fifth Congresses the resolutions
of the Legislature of California, the resolutions
of all the public bodies, that spoke In thunder
tones against the refunding of the debts and
! the extension of the period of monopoly To
1 minion, were read upon the floor and urged
as arguments against the passage of refunding
bills. In the Fifty-fourth Congress Mr. Barham
himself. In the course of his speech, produced
and read the resolution of the California Legis
lature, then recently passed, opposing and de
nouncing any refunding or any extension of the
time of payment of these debts. He declare.!
that he stood upon that position and upon that
action of the Legislature in the Fifty-fourth
Congress. Let him answer why he did not
stand upon it in the Fifty-fifth. The measure.
I say could never have succeeded but for the
weakness of Mr. Barbara's action and the
weakness of Mr. Loud's action. Mr. Loud did
not vote for the measure, but Mi". Loud paired,
as he had a right to be paired, with a Demo
crat Mr. Loud will explain his position and
tell you how he was paired upon the bill. I
have nothing further to do with the matter
than to state the facts, and I want to --.ate
here that in my association with Mr. Loud I
hire found him to be a man of much higher
character than a great many have been In
clined to attribute to him. but I rfgret that in
this crisis he and Mr. Barham. by their weak
ness in standing for the people of California
and the Interests of their State, should have in
vited the sacrifice that Is Involved In the pas
sage of this measure. It Is due to Mr. Hllborn,
the other Republican Representative of Cali
fornia to say that In this contest, as in ail the
otter refunding bill contents heretofore, he
stood with in Mr. De Vrtes. Mr. Castle and
Mr. Barlow all stood faithfully by their prom-
IS In the Fifty-fifth Congress the Democrats.
Populists and Silver Republicans, with the sin
gle exception of Mr. Bankhead of Alabama,
etood" Irrevocably opposed to the measure, and
stood firmly by the interests of the people.
The Southern Pacific Railroad. In some sec
tion*, Is mortgaged to the amount of $40 000
a mile. It can be duplicated for J10.5C0 a mile.
Why should the interest on HO. 000 a mile be
laid against the people who" use that railroad
instead of $10,500 per mile for which the road
could be duplicated? .
In my opinion public operation of railroads
is not necessary, and under the Democratic
Idea It is not proper unless It Is necessary to
destroy the monopoly, bat it must be done if
th Government is to reserve Its Independence
of corporate dominion. It mast be done if the
people are to maintain the rights which alone
can «ecure to them individual freedom. The
Democratic do~trine-the Jeffersonlan doctrine
-equal rights to all, special privileges to none,
must be the watchword of the future cam
paign- of all parties that have the popular
interest at heart, and that stand for the rights
of "the people against the dominion of man.
ANOTHER BATCH
OF FAVORITES
The Gubernatorial Situation as
Viewed by the Editors of
Interior Papers.
The following telegrams were re
ceived too late to include them in the
list published yesterday:
BROWN THEIR^ FAVORITE.
LOMPOC. Aug. B.— Editor Call: L.
xr Brown, first choice; George A.
Knight, second. H. A. AVERILL,
Editor Journal (Rep.).
FRIENDLY TO ELLERT.
PLACERVILLE, Aug. B.— Editor
Call: I estimate I>. R- Ellert as the
strongest candidate for Governor in
this locality and in the State. Brown
nrobably second.
Pr G. A. RICHARDSON.
Editor Eldorado County Republican
(Rep.).
ARE STILL DOUBTFUL.
EUREKA, Aug. B.— Editor Call: Re
publican sentiment here is not suf
ficiently centered on any candidate for
MAGUIRE DEFINES HIS POSITION.
States His Views on a Few of the Many Perplex
ing Political Questions.
The time limit placed on Hon. James G. Maguire by the Populists commenced
to run Monday, notwithstanding the fact that his official arrival in California was
noted late yesterday afternoon. Twenty-four hours of the fifteen-day limitation
(wherein he" must either accept of reject the Populist crown) have flown. Twelve
of thf=m passed on the summit of the Sierras, because it was at that point that
the champion of single tax rested for a spell, and "girded up his loini" before
descending: »ito the valley wher^ the votes are.
In answer to the Question whether or not he had tarried at Truckee for the
purpose of smoothing out the ruffled feathers of Editor McGlashan, he replied:
"No; my candidacy does not meet with Mr. McGlashan p s approval, and I only
stopped'over at his village in order to give myself and my family an opportunity
of visiting Lake Tahoe for an hour or two."
It was 5 a. m. when Congressman Maguire arrived at Sacramento, but not
withstanding the unreasonableness of the hour, he hastily dressed and, with an
apparent relish, answered the qeustions of The Call representative without the
slightest hesitancy.
Whatever may be said concerning the possible complications attending Judge
Maguire's personal political record he is by no means loth to discuss every
phase of it, and his replies come in rapid succession and without restraint.
There were only one or two questions he did not desire to discuss, among
them was, "What, in your opinion, will be the paramount issue of the coming
campaign?" He evaded this by saying: "Whatever might be my reply to
that question. It would certainly be misunderstood. The diversified local in
terests which will naturally arise in c State campaign would render a re
sponse to that question at this time necessarily incomplete; besides, I must
leave such matters as that to the convention. The convention must decide
what will be the paramount issue of the- campaign. Not I."
•■Will you accept the Populist nomination before the meeting of the Demo
cratic convention?" he was asked.
"I have as yet received no official notification of my nomination by the
Populists. When I am so notified I shall then frame my reply. I am, as I
think everybody knows, a Democrat and not a Populist (speaking, of course,
from the standpoint of those organizations in their entirety). While there are
many issues which have separated the two parties in the past, there are many
things In common, and upon which we can meet on common ground. The Popu
lists go farther than we do in many things. It is natural that they should.
The Populists, as you know, are composed of discontented elements which
have broken loose from other parties; fragments, as it were, which have be
come separated from other political organizations for Various causes. They
get their recruits from other parties, and their strength from other sources.
Many joined them from the Democratic party by reason of their advanced be
lief in Jeffersonian principles. They want to go farther than any one else on
certain lines. They took up certain doctrines of a socialistic character, but
you will notice that in their present platform there is a complete absence of
all matters leaning toward a socialistic doctrine. I call the present platform of
the Populists a very conservative one.and I do not hesitate to say that I can
heartily indorse it."
"Do you believe in the initiatory and referendum T"
'"I do. Direct legislation is one of the cardinal principle* of a democratic
form of government."
"What is your idea of fusion?"
"I look upon my nomination by the Populist party as the means and not
the result of fusion. My views on all public questions are well known and when
the question of fusion arose, I. as a Democrat, seem to have "been acceptable to
the Populists, at least to a portion of them."
"Did you make a personal solicitation for their Indorsements
"I did not."
"I presume my friends on that side interceded In my behalf, and If they did so
"Is there anything inconsistent or Irreconcilable between the platform declara
tions of the Populists and those of the Democracy?"
"I think not. There is certainly a great similarity between them on many
public questions."
"What effect will your well known advocacy of the single tax proposition
have upon your candidacy?"
"Just what my opponents will make out of it. My personal views are well
known and I am »ot charged in one iota. While my party is not committed to
that theory. I am. and will always take my chances before the people upon my
personal record on that question." ,,»_,» ..
"How do you think It would be received amfcng the agricultural districts?
"I would be just as willing to talk single tax among th* farmers as I would
among mechanics. I can show any man that it is the best system of taxation the
world has ever known."
"Do you believe in income tax?"
"I do as being the next best thing to the 'single tax.' I argued against the
income tax wh^n in Congress, but when the question finally came on as to my
opposition to the Wilson bill by reason of the income tax rider, I withheld it
and voted for the latier."
•What change, if any, has there b«en since ISS7, when you sent your letter
of withdrawal from the Democratic party?" „-,..
"The Democratic party of to-day is not the Democratic party of 1887.
"ll^s it changed?*'
"It has."
"Have you changed?"
"I have not; not In the least. Let my opponents publish my letter of 1887.
and they will find it a weapon which will cut both ways. No, sir; the Dem
ocratic party of to-day is not the Democratic party of 1887."
"Do you believe In primaries?"
"I believe in getting everything pertaining to a popular government just as
close to the people as possible."
"Then you do not sanction the act of the Democratic State Central Com
mittee in appointing a committee of one hundred to take the place of primar
ies in the matter of selecting delegates?"
"I have b*en out of the State and am not familiar with affairs locally, con
sequently I should not like to express an opinion on a matter not entirely
understood by myself."
"Will y ou make a canvass of the State?"
"I expect to visit every portion of California personally between this and the
"Have you selected any one to place you in nomination before the Democratic
Convention?"
"I have not."
"Have you a choice for a chairman of the convention .
"I have not."
"Do you know who will be the chairman .
"No: all those matters will no doubt be left to those in whose hands the man
agement of thf convention will be placed."
Speaking of the refunding proposition, as affected by the recent act of Con
•rress in attaching it to the general deficiency bill. Mr. Maguire said:
"It is no doubt the design and intention of C. P. Huntington to dally along
with the proposed commission until he has virtually accomplished ail that could
be accomplished under the original Powers bill.
"As matters now stand Mr. Huntington is certainly triumphant, temporarily.
Whether or not his triumph will be permanent depends absolutely on the attitude
and action of the people on the Pacino Coast.
"The election of Barhatn. for Instance, will mean that the people of that
district approve of the Huntington scheme of refunding, for the simple reason
that he changed front, deserted Hilborn and the rest of us. and voted with the
Huntington end of it.
"My election in California will be a vindication of my course in fighting the
Southern Pacific and other corporations all these yean.
"My defeat will mean that the people of California favor refunding, and other
Congressmen in the United States will so accept it."
' When asked why he preferred to retire from Congress at so critical a moment
and preferred a position which would remove him from the possibility of further
continuing his flght, Mr. Maguire replied: .
"I have done all that could be done in Congress. The rest lies with the people.
They are to decide now whether or not they will accept refunding or resist It."
In the matter of acquiring the Philippines, Cuba and Porto Rico, Mr. Ma
ettire said that it was a question to which he had given some thought, and he did
not think it justifiable to "accept the relations of an alliance and then make ene
mies of your allies."
"Whatever may be the determination of this matter, it should be final at the
conclusion of the signing of the articles of peace," he continued. "When this
thing is over it should be over once and for all— finally, completely and conclu
sively settled for all time to come."
Governor to permit intelligent answer
to your inquiry. County committee
may develop something on Saturday.
A. »\ li-^fc. 1 ,
Editor Arcata Union (Rep.).
THE SOUTH FOR GAGE.
COLTON Aug. B.— Editor Call: Ab
sence 'delayed answer to your telegram.
Think Gage will poll more votes than
any Republican in Southern California.
EDITOR CHRONICLE (Ind.).
VERY LITTLE FEELING.
FALLBROOK, Aug. B.— Editor Call:
In answer would say that feeling here
has hardly crystallized, but think
Henry T. Gage is favored.
GEORGE A. MCDONALD,
Manager Observer (Ind.).
INYO IS FOR FLINT.
BISHOP. Aug. B.— Editor Call: Flint
has more proaounced support hers than
any other. Eltert probably next, though
second choice divided among all except
Davis Pardee and Dickinson. No one
of these three mentioned as being pre
ferred. Prefer hazarding no opinion
L. R. ELLERT'S RECORD
SHOULD BE CONSIDERED.
A. SBARBORO, banker and president of the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association, believes L. R. Ellert to be about the only man who
can carry the State. He said:
"The man who leads the Republican party to victory thte year will have
Jto be one in whom the people of the State, and especially of this city,
have the fullest confidence. Mr. Ellert is such a man. His official ca
reer has been above reproach, and in business his word Is as good as his
bond. He is a native son, and it is only natural that his fellow-Califor
nians by birth should rally to hla support if he is placed at the head
of the Republican ticket in the coming election."
reparding relative strength In State of
leading candidates.
W. A. CHALFANT,
Editor Inyo Register (Ind. R.).
FOR BROWN AND DAVIS.
MIDDLETOWN. Aug. B.— Editor Call:
In our opinion L. H. Brown will be the
strongest candidate the Republicans
could nominate for Governor. Prob
ably W. R. Davis would be the second
choice of this locality.
READ & READ,
Editors Middletown Independent.
ESTEE IS MENTIONED.
PETALUMA, Aug. B.— Editor Call:
On account of his handsome treatment
of our Company C, W. S. Barnes would
be first choice in this community, M.
M. Estee second. Believe Estee strong
est in State. F. H. SNOW,
Editor Budget (R.).
HAS ONLY ONE CHOICE*
ONTARIO. Aug. B.— Editor Call:
Gage choice of this section. No par
ticular choice. R. C. P. SMITH,
Editor Record (R.).
WHO IS THE MAN
TO BE SELECTED
AS A LEADER?
Well Known Local Republicans
Express Individual
Preferences.
General Belief That a Strong Northern Man
Should Be Placed at the Head of
the Ticket.
A number of prominent Republicans
were interviewed yesterday concerning
their views as to which of the several
prospective candidates for Governor
would prove most acceptable to the
vo-tera of the State. These expressions
of personal opinion are submitted here
with for the benefit of such of The
Call's readers as have the welfare of
the State at heart:
R. J. TECHAU, formerly of the Good
fellow's Grotto, favors Ellert because
his record aj a Supervisor and Mayor
was good and for the further reason
that he is a San Franciscan.
A. C. BAUER, a member of the pres
ent Grand Jury and proprietor of a
restaurant on Market street, favors
Ellert because his record is clean as a
public man in this city.
LE£ PALMER, formerly of Sonoma
County, but now proprietor of the
Palmerlee Hotel, favors Gage as being
the coming man.
GEORGE W. REID, merchant-gro
cer, 152 Seventh street, is in favor of
Lou Brown and considers that no
stronger man can be found in the State
to-day. If nominated he will surely be
elected.
LOUIS SLOS3 JR.— I have not given
the subject any consideration and have
no choice for Governor. The Repub
lican delegates ought to be able to
select a strong man from the number
already named. There are several men
mentioned whom I should like to see
elected.
L. H. BONESTELL, paper dealer— l
should like to see John H. Dickinson
nominated and elected. He is a good
man and has been unjustly vilified and
maligned by the newspapers. I should
like an opportunity to vote for him.
H. T. HOLI.IES, brick and lime deal
er Sacramento street— l have not taken
an active part in politics for several
years and am not very familiar with
the present condition of affairs. Irving
M. Scott would make an excellent Gov
ernor and so would a number of others
who aave been mentioned. Personally
I have no choice. The man selected by
the- State Convention will get my sup
port.
T. L. GREGORY, business man and
politician. Fort Bragg, Mendocino
County— l think George A. Knight is
favored for the Governor's chair and
will carry For Bragg if nominated.
Ex- Senator Frank McGowan is the
choice for Lieutenant-Governor.
GENERAL S. W. BACKUS— I believe
the candidate who develops the great
est strength at the convention should
be the nominee of the Republican party.
I expect to be a delegate, and, there
fore, do not wish to designate my per
sonal choice, even if I had one.
C. F. CURRY. County Clerk— l have
no personal preference. The man who
shows the most strength in the conven
tion should be nominated. The coming
convention ought to be a nominating
convention and not a elate ratification.
R. B. MITCHELL, Attorney— l con
sider L. R. Ellert the logical candidate
for the Republican nomination for Gov
ernor. His strength in San Francisco
is a strong feature in his favor. He
would be able to reduce the vote for
Maguire to a larger extent than any
other man the Republicans could name.
Mr. Ellert is also gaining strength dally
In the country and this is indicated by
The Call's canvass of yesterday. After
the local choice he was second in the
majority of opinions expressed. The
fact that he is the second choice every
where is indicative of his popularfty.
DANIEL METER, Capitalist and
Banker— L. R- Ellert is my choice for
Governor. I consider him the strong
est and best man named as a probable
candidate.
LOUIS P. BOARDMAX, Attorney— l
think Gage is the strongest man for the
position. He will go to Sacramento
with a solid delegation from south of
the Tehachapi, and I do not think that
his claims can be ignored by the con
vention.
JOHN A. RUSSELL,, Chief Clerk
Board of Supervisors — I have not given
any consideration to the subject as yet,
but I think the strongest man from San
Francisco would be ex- Mayor L. R. El
lert.
DR. J. NIGHTINGALE— I have Just
got out of a sick bed and have paid
little attention to the political world,
and. therefore, would not be Justified
in giving an opinion on the subject. ]
have always been a Republican and
will abide by the decision of my party.
JOSEPH C. CAMPBELL, Attorney—
I really have not given the matter any
thouirht The choice of the convention
will be my choice, and I will give their
selection my most earnest support.
TIREY L. FORD, Attorney— ln my
Judgment the choice of the convention
will be the people's choice, and there is
no picking a favorite at this time. It
is an open race. They are all good
men and worthy to fill the office.
E. F. PRESTON. Attorney — I am not
pledged to the support of any individ
ual for the nomination of Governor. I
hope to see a man nominated to head
the ticket who will, by virtue of his
mental attainments and life record,
have established conclusively his fit
ness for such a high and responsible
position. He should be a natural leader
by virtue of his standing among men,
and be a man to whom all can look
with confidence and respect. There is
IRVING M. SCOTT NAMED
AS THE COMING MAN.
D. J. STAPLES— I said to a number of my friends the other day who
were talking of Charles N. Felton— who, by the way, is one of the ablest
and squareat of men — that I knew a man who could be elected Governor
hands down. They asked me to name the man, and I said, "Irving' M.
Scott." I also mad© this remark to Georg-e Knight before I knew that
George was a candidate himself. I said we could not win with Estee, as he
was, like myself, too much of a "has been."
no lack of men In the Republican party
who possess these qualifications in an
eminent degree, the name of any one
of whom will satisfy the people of the
State that under a Republican adminis
tration he will give a clean and honest
government, with due regard for the
rights of all and a just and fearless
execution of the laws of this State.
This is the interest of every citizen,
and I trust will be the endeavor of ev
ery member of the convention.
D. S. DORN, Attorney— George Par
dee of Oakland Is the strongest political
candidate for Governor, though they
are all good men. I mean that I think
he Is the strongest political!?.- as he has
a strong backing and friends who will
make a fight for him.
COLLECTOR OF THE PORT JACK
SON — Urn. ah: No opinion. Federal
officer. Not allowed to talk politics.
Will express my private opinion at the
polls when I go to vote.
THOMAS D. RIORDAN— I cannot
say anything in relation to the subject
because of my connection with the Re
publican County Committee. If I were
not in politics — simply a private citi
zen — I could give you an opinion, but
under the circumstances it would not
be in good taste for me to do so.
GEORGE W. DIXON, ex-Assembly
man from the Thirty-seventh District-
Was favorably disposed to either Gag«
or Felton, both were good men, but
he considered that if Gage would come
into the convention with a solid home
delegation he would come very near
carrying away the plum, and in case
he should go before the Republican
party would be a very strong candi
date. Thought that Felton stood well
with his party and with the people of
the State and would be a very hard
man to defeat if nominated.
JTTLIEN SONNTAG, General Mana
ger of the Giant Powder Company-
Favored Gage, or in the case of his not
getting the nomination then Felton; as
he considered both very strong men.
Gage, who is a new man in politics, is
not as well known as Felton, and some
times this is an advantage in running
for office. But Gage should, in order
to go strong before the people, have
his home delegation with him to a
man.
PHILIP L. ARCHIBALD, Grand Die
■ tator of the Knights of Honor — Had
just returned from an extensive trip
through the San Joaquin Valley, and
was free to express it as his opinion
that while Davis, Gage and Brown
were well spoken of, yet Da%*is was in
the le^td and would undoubtedly poll
the stronger vote from the Republicans
in that section.
W. R. MORTON, President of the
Morton Special Delivery Company, and
at one time a Republican County Com
mitteeman — Had paid but little atten
tion to the list of candidates mentioned,
but from what he had heard his men
say he was under the Impression that
Lou Brown was far stronger than any
other candidate that he had heard men
tioned. Brown had a good clean record
to go before the people with, and that
is what Is required at this period.
LOUIS PoCKWITZ. member of the
State- Central Committee from the
Thirty-ninth Assembly District, ex
pressed himself as being satisfied with
either Flint or Brown as both are
strong men befor- the people, yet tak
ing it ail together he considered Brown
to be the stronger of the two. This
conclusion he reached in consequence
of Brown being a* present in office and
thereby being much better known by
the people of the State. He would not
have to oe introduced, a it were, to
the Republican voters when the time
arrived for them to cast their votes for
the Republican nominee.
JUDGE F. W. VAN RETXEGOM
was not well posted on the list of can
didates coming before the Republican
convention and consequently had not
thought much over the merits of any
in particular, except as to Attorney-
General W. F. Fitzgrerald. "If," said
he, "Judge Fitzgerald should enter the
race and get the nomination I know
of no man better fitted for the office
of Governor of the State. He would be
a very strong man before the people
and one that the Democrats would have
to trot out their very strongest leader
to defeat. Judge Fitzgerald is well and
favorably known throughout the entire
State. Since he first made his ap
pearance in State politics some ten
years ago In the southern portion of
this State where he had resided for a
number of' years he has been regarded
with much esteem by all who came in
contact with him. Since coming north
he has held very responsible positions.
He was a Supreme Court Commissioner
and afterward a Justice of the Supreme
Court, which place he left to take
charge of the office of Attorney-Gen
eral of this State. He was elected by
a very handsome plurality and the
manner in ' hlch he has conducted the
office reflects the highest credit on him.
His handling of the railroad case before
Judge McKenna has conclusively shown
that he is for the people against cor
porate bodies v.-hen he believes that the
people's rights have been infringed
upon. On the whole I firmly believe
that no better nomination can be made
than that of Judge Fitzgerald. He has
all of the qualifications befitting the
high office of a Governor of a great
State like California."
OSCAR LEWIS, Manager of the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation, is of the opinion that Henry T.
Gage would make a very strong man
for a fight against the Democratic,
Populist and pinto combination of these
two parties. He said: "There is but.
one thing that the people will hold
78
against Mr. Gage, and that is his rail
road connections. His affiliations with
the railroad may not be bo strong that
they would stand against him. and if
riot he would be a powerful candi
date."
" . H. H. TAYLOR, Agent for Mills
• Building— l believe ex-Mayor L. R. El
. lert would be the best man the Repub
' . licans could nominate, and I should like
• to pee him at the head of the ticket
this fall. As a pood Republican I will
Support the ticket, whoever is nomin
ated..
COLONEL D. E. MILES, Assistant
Manager London and LancashlJe In
surance Company— The choice of the
Republican delegates to the State con
vention will suit me.
CHARLES SMITH, Secretary Dewey
Central Republican Club— Personally I
am in favor of L. H. Brown, and I
should like to see him nominated by
the Republican party, but I shall sup
port the ticket, whoever is at the head
of it.
THOMAS M. CLUFF, Grocer— l am
• for General John 11. Dickinson for Gov
ernor, and I think he ought to receive
the nomination. I am a Republican
...first, last and all the time, and will
■work for the man selected by the State
convention.
WILLIAM A. HALSTED, Under
taker—John H. Dickinson is my choice
for Governor. I will support the ticket.
JULIUS JACOBS, Assistant United
States Treasurer at the Local Sub-
Treasury— lf Dr. Pardee is nominated
by the Republican party for Governor
1 think he will make a good, strong
Tight. Of coarse there are a number of
prominent men whose names have been
mentioned In connection with this of
fice who would no doubt have a. good
chance, but I believe that Dr. Pardee is
as strong as any named so far.
SPENCER BUCKBEE, Real Estate-
There are many strong men already
named for the honors of the position,
but I am of the opinion that if George
A. Newhall received the nomination he
would carry the State from one end to
the other. The Newhalla have a strong
hold upon the sympathies of the farm
ing community, and the name carries
prestige wherever it is spoken. From
a personal standpoint I would like to
gee Mr. Xewhall given the nomination,
and from a general standpoint 1 believe
he would make the strongest candidate
the Republican party could put to the
front.
GROVE P. AVERS— I am for the
candidate of the convention. Several
men already mentioned would make
excellent Governors and I have no per
sonal choice. I expect to go to Sacra
mento as a delegate and will sup
port the man who shows the greatest
strength.
UNITED STATES SENATOR PER
KINS — The nominee of the convention
will be satisfactory to me. I have no
personal choice.
M. 11. I>H x*OUNG — I do not care to
express my preference at this time.
When the proper moment arri\
Khali take a stand In accordance with
my opinions.
JUDGE J. A. WAYMIRE, ex-Speak
er of the Assembly— Three personal
friends of mine in Alameda County are
mentioned as probable candidates for
Governor and I should l».' glad to sup
port any one of them. However, I
wish to say that I will support the
nominee of the convention.
GENERAL W. H. L. BARNES— I be
lieve Gage is the strongest candidate
In the field and I think he would be
tlected if nominated. If the Alameda
County Republicans would stop fight
ing among themselves they might get
the candidate, but they won't stop
■wrangling and of necessity the nomi
nee must come from some other section
of the State.
SUPERVISOR JOHN LACKMANN—
I think Ellert is the strongest man
. the Republicans could name in the city
or State. He could keep Magulre's vote
down to the normal Democratic level
In this city and beat the Judge in the
country. At the Freeholders' election,
held here on December 27 last, Ellert
ran on the Merchants' Association
ticket. He ran ahead of the highest
man on his own ticket by about 1000,
and beat Lloyd, the highest man on the
fusion ticket, 3300. Had all the votos in
the city been cast Ellert would have
been elected Freeholder by about 8000
majority. At the December election,
you will remember, only 26,000 votes
vere polled. He once tarried the city
for Supervisor by 10,000 majority. El
lert, in my opinion, is just as strong in
the country as here. I meet men from
'the interior every few days who tell
me he is regarded in many localities
.as the only man who can defeat Ma
guire. I am a personal friend of the
ex-Mayor, but I would not express
these opinions if I did not believe the
facts would bear them out. My friend
ship for him would not lead me to
either mislead the Republican party or
raise false hopes in him or among his
friends. In my judgment, If the con
vention wants a winner who will sweep
all before him, he Is their man.
I. J. TRUMAN— Attorney General Fitz
yemld is an able man — a man of great
strength and firmness. His record is good,
1 should say h<- is my first choice and Sec
retary of State Brown my second.
WILLIS E. DAVlS— lrving M. ■ Scott j
could be e.lected. He is a man that' would
command a large support outside of his |
party. C. N. Frlton is also an able man j
und Would make an excellent Governor.
Mr. Scott would be my first choice and
Mr. Felton my second.
ML H. WEED— Why not go outside of
the list and take up, for example. Judge
Slack? He is a clean man of high charac
ter and fine intellect.
ALBERT MILLER— The office should
seek the man, and no man should seek the
office. Irving M, Scott is a man of the
right sort.
GENERAL LUCIUS 11. FOOTE— My
choice without hesitation is Irving ftf.
Scott, but it would depend upon Dr. Chis
inore to say whether Mr. Scott should
accept. I have no second choice. There
would be no doubt of Bcott'fl election. So
many men of all classes are attached to
him that he would get a. very large vote.
!!<• would carry San Francisco against
any opposition candidate.
ARTHUR MOORE— lrvinf M. Scott Is i
my first choice, but I recognize the popu- I
larity and strength of eGorge A. Knight.
In my judgment the convention could not
do better than to nominate Scott or
Knight.
COLONEL J. C. CURRIER— Gage has
strength In the southern part of the
State. Ho is able and popular and has a
way of making friends among the people
He is my first choice. George A. -Knight
lias qualities that endear him to every
body. He could beat Judge Maguire right
here in San Francisco. In the northern
counties of the State he has a legion of
friends. i
PHIL. LILIENTHAL— It is not wise for
any man to express an opinion.
W. B. CLUEF— I~di¥ dabble a while In
politics, but I am out now, and mean to
stay out. The nomination of Irving M.
Scott for . Governor would • bo a strong
one. , ;.:.:,,.;■;.•;
COLONEL W. R. SMEDBERG— I have
heard Gage very highly spoken of, but I
do not. know- him. My first choice is Irv
ing M. Scott, and I have no second choice.
GEORGE W. GRANNIS— M.
Scott is my. "first • choice and George A.
Knight my second.
WILLIAM ALVORD— I am a Police
Commissioner and cannot talk. Why, look
at the statutes. The law will not ;i!i"\\
me to talk until one year after 1 am out
of office. .— ....
W. W. MONTAGUE— As Postmaster it
would not be proper for me to express a
preference.
TOEODORE.PAYNE- Why not take up
a new man and nominate John L. Beard.
He is a farmer and a good man.
DR. J. PERRAULT-^-Ellert cou'd be
elected if nominated, as he is known to
the people of the State as an honest and
capable man who has been tested In pub
lic office. Gage is unknown and I .doubt
If he could be elected*
PARDEE'S FRIENDS
MARVEL AT THE
"CALL'S" FIGURES
Surprise Manifested at His
Weakness Outside of Ala
meda County.
The Doctor Pledges His Delegates to Both
Davis and Brown Within an
Hour.
OAKLAND. Aug. 9-Probably the
greatest jarring Dr. George C. Pardee
lias received since he crawled back Into
the Republican party, which only recently
he delighted to revile, and announced
himself as a candidate for gubernatorial
honors, was the result of The Call's can
vass of partisan editors throughout the
State as to the preference in their locali
ties for Governor, and finding himself
sixth in the list of nine aspirants. To
add to his mortification, Dr. Pardee finds
his strength practically limited to his own
county, few people elsewhere seeming to
be aware of his candidacy, or if they are
to not take it seriously.
The pall's canvass has also opened the
eyes of every supporter of Dr. Pardee in
Alanieda County to the fatuity of the
doctor's canvass. It only makes plain
what has often been stated that Pardee
has stumbled on blindly imagining- that
Alameda County comprised the State of
California, and that the only thing neces
sary to assure him the nomination was
to go to Sacramento with a solid, or prac
tically solid, delegation from this side of
the bay.
Moreover, Alameda Republicans are
convinced now that W. K. Davis has
much more strength in the interior than
he had been given credit for and they
are already beginning to seriously ask
themselves if it would not be to the de
ciued advantage of the county for them to
cast aside their personal choice as be
tween the two men and unite on Davis,
in the hope that with Alameda's sixty-,
eight votes solid with the strength he has
already developed in other sections, he
may be able to firing the nomination to
this county, a thing Pardee's stanchest
friends now admit the doctor cannot by
any possibility do.
Needless to say, Pardee will refuse to
publicly read the handwriting on the wall,
but will struggle to hold his friends in line
to the end, hoping against hope that
Dame Fortune may yet smile on nim. De
termined to fight to the last ditch. Dr.
Pardee is entering into every possible
combination to bolster himself up in Ala
meda County, paving no attention what
ever to the remainder of the State. (»•*
continues to make his mighty plea to have
the Alameda delegation governed by the
unit rule, pledging on his part to exert
every effort on behalf of Davis should the
latter secure a majority of the delega
tion. He believes he is entirely safe in
making this pledge in view of his care
fully laid plans to import the Buckley-
Maguire tons of highbinders to "assist"
him at the primaries.
But though Pardee publicly makes this
proposition, there is that secret deal with
Lou Brown, whereby the Pardee strength
is to go to that candidate at the proper
time.
Of course with his public declarations
of friendship for Davis and his secret al
liance with. Brown, it is only natural that
people are doubtful of Pardee's sincerity
toward • either. And in this connection
there comes a story from Haywards
showing more plainly than anything else
the. desperate straits Pardee is driven to
and the utter' unreliability of his prom
ises.
Last Sunday, in company with Assessor
Henry Dalton, Dr. Pardee went down to
Hay wards in the furtherance- of his. role
of dictator, ajid to select the men for his
ticket whom he will attempt to force Re
publicans to vote for without giving them
a voice in the selection. Pardee called
upon Daniel Chisholm of Haywards and
sought to persuade that gentleman to
run as delegate in Pardee's behalf. Mr.
Chisholm Informed the doctor that he
was personally for Davis, whereupon Par
dee assured him that in case he (Pardee)
did not secure a majority of the delega
tion he would turn those he did 'get over
to Davis.
Less than an hour later Pardee called
on J. W. Thomford. who the night be
fore had been nominated delegate by
friends of Mr. Davis. When Pardee asked
him for his support. Thomford said he
personally was in favor of Lou Brown
for the nomination. This did not dis
concert Dr. Pardee in the least, for he
assured Mr. Thomford that if he failed
to secure a majority of the Alameda del
egation he would turn all his delegates
over to Brown.
Pardee declared to both Chisholm and
Thomford and to others in Haywards as
well, that he had 59 of the CS delegates In
the county safe. Thomford took time to
consider Pardee's proposition and later
in the day sent the doctor a message
stating that under no consideration
would he go to Sacramento as a Pardee
delegate.
There you have a perfect Illustration of
the kind of man Pardee is and his way
of "doing" politics. Two promises to give
his votes to as many different candidates
in less than an hour. If Dr. Pardee were
to go to Los Angeles It is only reasonable
to suppose he would make the same
promise to Gage's supporters.
But if Dr. Pardee is doing this kind of
work regarding the other gubernatorial
candidates, it Is no less certain that he is
mixing up in the Congressional fiffht In
the same manner, and while he has
shown no indication of divorcing- himself
from Hilborn, he is flirting most out
rageously with those of.Metcalf's friends
whom he believes to be at all partial to
mm. In a word, Pardee is "playing both
ends against the middle." and while he
may deceive a few of the Metcalf men
his notorious alliance with Hilborn- is
steeling the hearts of many others
against him.
Davis' friends are very angry at Par
dee's attempts to force them into agree
ing to the unit rule to govern the Ala
meda delegation, and point to it as merely
another proof of the doctor's entire lack
of sincerity. Only a few years ago, when
an effort was made to bind the Oakland
delegation to a county convention to the
unit rule, the Seventh Ward delegates
fought the proposition bitterly, and Judge
Fifleld drew up a protest against it wlMch
was signed by himself. Dr. Pardee and
W. A. Dow. Dr. Pardee was then < as
strongly opposed to the unit rule as he is
now in favor of it.
With their election or delegates to the
State convention to take place to-mor
row afternoon and evening, about the
only signs of activity in the Democratic
camp is the signlr^ of the club rolls.
J. G. Maguire, tfie "Little Spotted
Giant," swoope"d down upon Oakland
this morning, but there was no blaring
of trumpets or waving of Hags, and the
gentleman who aspires to give a simul
taneous performance in two rings was
permitted to rest quietly "during the day
in his hotel, undisturbed by the glad
some acclaims of Southern chivalry and
bewhiskered Populists. Instead, every
body is enjoying a quiet laugh at the
little Congressman's expense. ' Maguire
stopped over at Truckee on his way homo
from Washington, where he learned all
about the preparations underway in San
Francisco to whoop him up as much as
possible on his arrival. In order to help
along the boom Judge Maguire consented
to remain In Truckee until this morning,
■when he was to. take the train, arriving
In the city this evening, and be escorted
from the ferry by a choice assortment of
Democrats and Populists, to the strains
of as many brass bands as the crowd
could afford to hire.
One can Imagine the enjoyment j the
Judge derived from picturing to himself,
while lounging by the banks of beautiful
Dormer | Lake, . that mighty turnout in
his honor. In fancy he could see Billy
Foote and Tom Cator, each armed with
a Roman candle pirouetting up Market
street, fairly endangering the lives of the
spectators by their reckless exuberance.
Further along the line where the noise
was loudest Colonel Sullivan and Major
Harney , by their close companionship,
pave proof of a united Democracy. i Gavin
McNab and Mike Tarpey, Mayor Phelan
and Wardell, and a few more kindred
combinations, the beatific smiles on their
countenances telling of peace " and " bar
njopy, &ncl shown to.all the- world fey the
•••;-■ .'■•■ -■'.. V ' ■ <-' W*v; .: :■ •■,-.. . '. :-.'_«*
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 10, 1898.
glare of the 20 cents' worth of red light
touched off on the balcony of the joss
house at Third and Market streets.
All this the Judge pictured to himself,
and he joyed at being the hero of the
occasion. But his manager came near
spoiling the whole beautiful scene by
dragging him aboard the train last night.
In vain the Judge protested; he could
not waste any more time in Truckee, so
he came on. But when Sixteenth street
was reached he rebelled. He wasn't go
ing to bust up that procession by getting
into town twelve hours ahead of time, so
off he got, and that is the reason Oak
land was honored with his presence to
day. The Judge crossed the bay this
evening and San Franciscans know all
about his reception there.
Victor Metcalf to-day made the follow
ing self-explanatory statement regarding
his candidacy for Congress in answer to
reports Industriously circulated by his op
ponents' friends:
"I have heard it urged against ray
candidacy for Congress that i really do
not care for the place, and that if nomi
nated and fleeted I would serve but on©
term for the sake of such honor as niay
attach to the position. This is unjust.
"I became a candidate only after long
and serious consideration, under the con
viction that I could, if elected, serve my
district well, as I know I would serve
It faithfully. Once chosen. Congress
\rould be the field of my life work, and
I should expect to be returned so long
as that work was acceptable to my con
stituents."
THE RAILROAD
TRUE TO GAGE
Corporation Heelers Are
All His Friends.
HIS POPULARITY UNDIMMED
LOS ANGELES IS SOLID FOR R. J.
WATERS.
Programmers Are Threatened With
Strong Opposition at the Pri
mary Elections to Be Held
Monday.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 9.—Program
mers from nearly every point "south
of Tehachapi" presented themselves at
the headquarters of Henry T. Gage,
Republican candidate for gubernatorial
honors, in the Hollenbeck to-day. If
a man is to be judged by the company
he keeps, it would not be a stretch of
the imagination to say that Mr. Gage
Is In the hands of men who for years
have been identified with the railroad
Interests of this section. It may be
true, as the claim has been made, that
the Interest taken by these old politi
cal railroad hacks Is purely out of
friendship for Gage and not in compli
ance with instructions from the mana
gers in the "yellow building," but it
will require a great stretch of the im
agination to believe that these same
political manipulators have suddenly
turned their backs to the corporation
from which they have so long sucked
pap.
Gage himself Is a popular man in this
city, and haß many warm friends who
regret to see' him associate with men
of marked railroad proclivities.
Some of them believe that he is
only playing for the railroad vote,
and that he is not tied up to the
corporation, while there are others who
claim that he could have made a fight
on much more popular lines and kept
himself entirely free from the taint of
the monopoly influence. Since the
withdrawal of James McLachlan late
last night, R. J. Waters has no oppo
sition for the nomination for Congress
man In the Sixth District, and it is
conceded that he is one of the most
available men for the place. Besides
being a popular man he has large In
terests here, which it is believed would
be an incentive for him to work zeal
ously for the district. As he is on the
programme slate it is not expected that
a dark horse can at this late day enter
the field and overcome the odds In his
favor. At the Republican caucus held
In the various precincts throughout the
county to-night for the purpose of se
lecting delegates to be voted for at the
primaries to be held next Monday a
complete programme ticket was named.
There will, however, be several oppo
sition tickets In the field on Monday,
not as against Gage, but In the inter
ests of certain candidates for local of
fices who are dissatisfied with the tick
et named by the caucus. The Demo
cratic County Convention to be held
here to-morrow promises to be a
"warm baby." The Magrulro-fusion ele
ment will have control by a small ma
jority. It is expected that the "push"
will make a hot fight notwithstanding
their being in the minority.
Registering Sacramento Soldiers.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 9.— As Sacramento
soldiers at Camp Merriam are unable to
reach home for registration. Deputy
Clerk Martin at the camp to-day regis
tered thirty-seven for Sacramento
County.
VaiiKhan & Keith opened their handsomely
decorated Photograph Studio at 14 Grant ave
nue, Friday, August 5, • >
DOROTHY CREEDES GUARDIAN
Mrs. Edith Bashford Will Look
After Her Adopted Child.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 9.— ln the Superior
Court here to-day Judge Shaw appointed
a guardian for little Dorothy Creede in
the person of the child's mother, now
Mrs. Edith Bashford of San Francisco.
When tho child was adopted by Creede the
mother, Edith Walker, was the wife of
an actor. Now she is the wife of Super
intendent Bashford of tho San Francisco
Gaa Works. Creede's estate is estimated
at $163,000. .__
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Tlrthe-" _y? ' . ,~, ■ "• -
timil* ■ \^Jm v./ztfi . jj "•-bet"
REA'S ORDERS TO
HIS HENCHMEN
"Anything to Win," His
Instructions.
BATTLE OF BALLOTS TO-DAY
THE CZAR FIGHTING HARD FOR
THE PRIMARIES.
Determined to Carry the Day at All
Hazards, but Honest Repub
licans Will Be on
Guard.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 9.— Boss Rea, the
Mackenzies and their lieutenants held
several conferences to-day and plans
were gone over for the capture of the
primaries to-morrow. These were com
pleted and the machinery was well
greased and got into readiness.
Never before has the ring been so
worried over the outcome of primaries,
and never before have such desperate
means been decided upon in order to
carry the elections. The principal fight
will be in the city, where Rea has all
the election officers. He has decided to
get control of the delegations from the
First and Fourth wards. To accom
plish this there will be a wholesale vot
ing of gang Democrats, and if this is
not sufficient to offset the efforts of the
honest and fair voters the ballot boxes
will be stuffed. Orders have been given
to the election officers to take no
chances of losing the election, and these
will be carried out implicitly. In the
outlying districts the gang is not so
sure of being able to handle the voters,
but will depend a good deal upon secur
ing the country delegations with empty
promises.
Besides the usual rounding up of Its
forces, the gang has summoned all its
workers who are out of town. All the
soldier boys friendly to Rea in Com
panies U and M, who could possibly
get away, are home in the interest of
machine politics. These with the Dem
ocrats who will assist Rea make quite
a showing.
Combating these Influences and
fighting for the purification of the Re
publican party are the Good Govern
ment Club and independent Republi
cans. They are well organized through
out the county and Jjave placed oppo
sition tickets in the field In nil the pre
cincts. They claim they will win most
of the country districts, and present in
dications support this claim. Their
tickets contain the names of the besi
citizens of the party, and this should
go a long way toward electing them.
The delegates to the State and Con
gressional conventions named by the
Good Government Club are as follows:
Fifty-fourth Awombly District— !•. Harn
hisel, Willow Glen; W. A. Clark, Moun
tain View; D. 11. Coates, Campbell: fs. G.
Hurlburt. Campbell; K. C. Hurff. San
Jose; J. R. Johns, Cupertino; J. J. Miller,
Santa Clara; T. C. McChesney. College
Park; Alexander Peers, Mayfleld; S. P.
Sanders, Moreland; J. J. Sontheimer, San
Jose; C. Jones (at lurg-e), San Jose.
Fifty-fifth Assembly District— T. Ellard
Beans, San Jose; J. Coykendall, Hester;
i. P. Freitag, San Jose; N. A. HaskeTl,
San Jo«t>; \V. D. McDougall, San Jose; J.
R. Patton, San Jose; Mitchell Phillips,
San Jose; A. E. Wilder, San Jose; Major
A. K. Whitton, San Jose; W. H. Wright,
San Jose; C. Jones (at large), San Jose.
Fifty-sixth Assembly District— F. 11.
Babb, Berryessa; E. H. Farmer. Gllroy;
George H. Foster, Saratoga; Jonathan
Ilat?ue, Solis; E. W. Herrold, Morgan
Hill; Simeon Holland. Evergreen; W. W.
Parks, Alviso; J. J. Stanfleld, Los Gatos;
B. P. Shuler. Los Gatop; O. Stevens. Coy
ote; E. Topham, Mllpitas; C. Jones (at
largei, San Jose.
These are strong tickets, and if the
Republicans who are opposed to boss
ism and corrupt politics turn out and
work at the polls they are sure of suc
cess. The delegations will be a credit
to the Republican party and Santa
Clara County at Pacrarnento. as they
will go to the convention free from all
taint of bossism.
If Rea secures control of the county
convention the defeat of the Republi
can party In Santa Clara County next
fall is certain. County politics Is so
gang-ridden that rather than vote for
a machine ticket the better class of
voters will stay away from the polls at
the gubernatorial election, and this lack
of interest in Santa Clara County may
cost the party the Governorship.
The Democratic County Central Com
mittee will aid the Good Government
Club in watching the polls to-morrow.
The names of all Democrats who vote
will be taken down and they will be de
barred from political preferment in
their own ranks.
"Jim" Rea has named the following
delegates to the State convention:
Fifty-fourth Assembly District— O. A.
ADVEBTISEBLENTS. .
SENfFREpIEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It Is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home. . .
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems. to act direct
to the desired location. . giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess In all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building, Fort -Wayne, Ind., stating that
you desire , one of -their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great class
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample L will en-
able them to see how easy it Is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a.; plain package so
that Its recipient need have no fear, of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
PI Cklehetter'a Eatfkh DUmtud Brand. ••-
ennyroVal PILLS
-<&"^k. " rifflnal Mid Only Genuine. -VA'
4~df rro\ ** «:- aJirajt reliable. utois* uk B\.
A^!\_ytyK» Drnsjgliit tor Chichctter • Sngii'S Hio-IBVa
fP"nJß'^jPS?«kn»onii Brand In Red and Gold metal :Ic \%or
"^ —OM«boxe«, iftlod with bloo ribbon. TtLe VfiT
T« a^RMnootbcr. Refute dangtroui rulttitw v
I / ~ itftiontaniUmttation*. At Drn(;lets, or usd 4«.
»■ I «■► JJr la itampt for particular!, tritimontali and
■ VV* •• ' B ' Jftellef tor Ladle*" to l"ur. by return
«A^^_ Mr Mali. ■ 10.000 TeiamopUU. Km** Paptr. •
. «•"■ T Cil-heaterCJicaaloJilC^Mjlfllao^eQm^r*,
•rt4bj»ULoc»i£>n>i£iita. , PHILAIjK.rV
Hale, at large; W. J. Rogers, Al Col. Sam
Oberdeener, F. C. Franck, J. D. Williams,
F. W. Covey, L. F. Parkinson, J. TV.
Cook, Ed Hersey, "Walter Clark and J.
Walsh.
Fifty-fifth Assembly District— O. A.
Hale, at large; H. J. "Fikcs. Dr. F. H.
Bangs, L. Finigan. J. F. OKeefe, H. W.
Otter, Dr. M. A. Southworth. J. D. Miner,
A. C. Darby, H. M. Spring and Dr. D. F.
McGraw.
Fifty-sixth Assembly District— O. A.
Hale, at large: James Sargent, George
Dunlap. Ed Crawford. R. J. Pearce,
James Slanfleld. L. A. Sage. A. C. Ster
rltt, S. F. Ayer, Lloyd Childs, E. L.
Moody and John Robertson,
SONOMA COUNTY ASTIR.
A Spirited Contest for Nomi-
nations for All the
Offices.
CLOVERDALE, Aug. 9.— The Sonoma
County Republican convention met here
to-day in Citrus Fair Pavilion. Two hun
dred delegates were present and an equal
number of boomers for the different can
didates. There was no individual boss
rule. The- chairman was J. M. Thomp
son of Santa Rosa; secretary, T. B. Wil
son of Cloverdale; assistant secretaries,
J. L. Camm of Petaluma and Rodney
Smith of Santa Rosa. The platform in
dorsed McKinley, Congressman Barham
for renomination, a protection policy, the
Nicaragua canal and good roads. There
was a very spirited contest for all of
fices. The nominations were: State
Senator, R. A. Poppe of Sonoma; Assem
blyman, Sixteenth District. H. M. Le
Baron of Valley Ford; Assemblyfnan, Sev
enteenth District, Sheridan Peterson of
Windsor; Sheriff, F. J. Murphy of Guer
neville; County Clerk, S. B. Fulton of
Fulton; District Attorney, O. O. Webber
of Santa Rosa; Treasurer, E. F. Wood
ward of Santa Rosa; Auditor and Re
corder, William Mills of Pens Grove; As
sessor. M. V. Vinderhoff of Santa Rosa;
Superintendent of Schools. Joseph K.
Metzer of Geyserville; Surveyor, N. X.
Smythe of Santa Rosa; Coroner, Dr. J.
G. Pierce of Sebastopol; Supervisors, J.
B. Cooley of Cloverdale and David Walls
of Petaluma. The convention adjourned
at 8 p. m.
Primaries in Vallejo.
VALLEJO, Aug. 9.— At the Demo
cratic primaries held in Vallejo to-day
the following delegates to the State and
Congressional conventions were elect
ed: From the First Supervisor Dis
trict, Richard Caverly and John T.
Ryan; from the Second Supervisor
District, W. P. Sweeny and John E.
Seymour. There was no contest in the
first district.
Republicans Select Delegates.
SANTA ANA, Aug. 9.— The Republicans
of Orange County to-day nominated the
following delegates to the State conven
tion to be helu at Sacramento: Richard
Melrose, Linn L. Shaw. H. McPhce. Z. B.
W»'st. A. A. Bates, William Crowther,
Henry Kenchel, S. Armor, T. Harris, D.
S. McHenry. G. A. Harlin.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
{NERVOUS DEPRESSION.
[A TALK WITH MRS. PIN'KHAM.]
A woman with the blues is a very un-
comfortable person. She is illogical,
unhappy and frequently hysterical.
The condition of the mind known as
'• the blues," nearly always, with wo-
men, results from diseased organs of
generation.
It is a source of wonder that in this
age of advanced medical science, any
person should still believe that mere
force of will and determination will
overcome depressed spirits and nerv-
ousness in women. These troubles are
indications of disease.
Every woman who doesn't under-
stand her condition should write to
Lynn, Mass., to Mrs. Pinkham for her
advice. Her advice is thorough com-
mon sense, and is the counsel of a
learned woman of great experience.
Read the story of Mrs. F. S. Bennett,"
"Westphalia, Kansas, as told in the fol-
lowing letter:
Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — I have suf-
fered for over two years with falling,
enlargement and ulceration of the
womb, and this spring, being in such
a weakened condition, caused me to
flow for nearly, six months. Some time
ago, urged by friends, I wrote to you
for advice. After using the treatment
which you advised for a short time,
that terrible flow stopped.
"I am now gaining strength and
flesh, and have better health than I
have had for the past ten years. I
wish to say to all distressed, suffer-
ing women, do not suffer longer, when
there is one so kind and willing to
aid you."
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound is a woman's remedy for wo-
man's ills. More than a million wo-
men have been benefited b3* it*
BOOdOOdCOdOOOOOOOO
j»w PALACE «DS« D S
'GRAND wo™-*;
Z 9AI* pnANCIGCO. q
" Connected by a covered passageway. *f
0 1400 Rooms— With Bath Attached. ™
© AH Under On* Management. 0
A HOTS THE PRICES: O
T European PIan. SI. OO per day and upward A
V American Flan. s3.oo per day and upward **
Q Correspondence 'Solicited. ?.,; - Q
Z JOE* 0. liaSFATRICK, Muager. 0
000000000000000000
■DR.M9NDLTY.-
rpHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
J. Is cures Private. Nervous, Blood an«l^>kln
Diseases of Hen only. Book on Private Diseases
and Weaknessesof Men, free. Over2oyearn' experi-
ence. PattenMcaredatHoma. Terms r«>a«onahlv.
Hours!) ton dally; 6:30 to Sundays. 10 to 12.
Cou|nltatlon sacredly private. Call, or address
Dr. P. ROSt'OE HcSULTY,
2fi}£ Kearny »t., San Francisco, Cal.
"OTSTTCXJI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DllUuflLu ers - bootblacks, bath-
, VAiwwuuM houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy- makers, canners.
dyers, flourmills, -foundries, laundries, : paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe ■ factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
*'WffiC!££*>J£*nU "'* "is a non-poltonooa
<<^^^>«** 11 * :a^^i« remedy for Gonorrhea,
cl;j{Eb^te-5j Gleet. Spermatorrhroa,
JP^ar'n 1 toJd»ri.>Nj Whites, unnatural di«-
E&j£g On»ranw.d |j| charges, or any inflamma-
gi!&>E not to ttrletare. .-.„ tion, irritation or olcera-
■L.- j t>raTeata conujlou. : tion of mucous ciem-
H6B%THFEVANS OHEMini Co. France. Non-attriugent.
%!S\cincinnati.o.^E| . Sold *»y or«r»isto,
\»tMk U. S a jSS3 or seilt "« plain wrapper,
<^©»'^S^ <«^\a by express, prepaid, for
V^l^^^if^ ft Circular Bint on WJueat.
E IPATENTS^ : : >)
MARKET SY. SL^Sr
\M. X. HESS,
KOTABT POBLIO AND ATTORNET-AT LAW,
Tenth ' Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckels ' Bids.
■ Telephone Brown 931. , - •. :- .
Residence, £21 California St.. below Powell.
San Francisco.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD r USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THS
: great Mexican remedy: civet heaJUj utd
•trtp«tb to th« Mxual omna, _ ; - ... . ■•-__x__ -
Subscribers camping at localities along the line of railroads
where there are no postal facilities can have The Call
thrown off at their camp by sending nams and location
of camp to The Call Subscription Department.
MACIC SANTA . .
CATALINA
America's greatest field for health and pleas-
ure. Most phenomenal rod and reel fishing in
the world. The wonderful Marine Gardens;
the great stage, ride; delightful coast excur-
sions; novel outdoor sports'; dancing; pyrotech-
nics; water carnivals, etc. THE FAMOUS
MARINE BAND an* splendid ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL METROPOLE,
Always open; modern appointments; efficient
a management.
ISLAND VILLA,
Open July 1. Splendid arrangement for
campers.
Full information, rates, illustrated pamphlets,
Wilmington Transportation Company,
222 South Spring St.. Los Angeles, Lai.
PACIFIC
CONGRESS SPRINGS
Santa Clara County,
Three hours from San Francisco, via Los
Gatos; 6 months roundtrip ticket. $4. or via
Santa Clara, $3 50. New swimming tank, 180x75
feet, and other improvements.
Hot and cold mineral baths.
Climate, scenery and location uneQ'jaled.
JOHN S. MATHESON, Manager.
warn SPRINGS;
LAKE COUNTY, CAI~
BEST PLACE IX CALIFORNIA FOR
HEAVTH AND PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAL
springs In America; all kinds of amuse-
ments: new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
ing alley. First-class accommodations; rates
reasonable. Write for Illustrated pamphlets.
San Francisco office. 316 Montgomery street.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming Lake. Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 and $15 per week; $2 and $2 50 per
day. R. M. HORTON, Proprietor.
0 M 1 PP 0 HOT SFRnrOS, Sonoma Co.
AlVUlili.l 'f-'y 4 % hours from S. F. and
UIVnVVV but 9 miles staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
in State; telephone: telegraph; daily mall;
FIRST-CLASS SERVICE: morning and after-
noon stages; round trip from S. F. only $5 50;
take Tlburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30. p. m.
Terms, $2 a day or $12 a week. Reference, any
guest" of the past three years. J. F. MUL-
GREW, Proprietor. . ■
T flO PTTTT TPfIQ WARM SPRINGS.
LUO UUlLilt'UO Kenwooi, Sonoma Co..
On the bank of Sonoma Creek: An unrivaled
place for quiet rest. Warm sulphur baths.
Fine swimming pool. Grand old oaks and other
natural attractions. Cheap fare. Liberal table.
Terms, $1 per day. School vacation being over,
can accommodate a few select people in tent or
cottage. For particulars address MRS. P. T.
M. WATE, Kenwood, or P. T. M. WATE, In-
ternal Revenue Office, city.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot t3 Visit This Summer.
. Boats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
table. Clean beds and careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truckee In the neart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest. The ideal spot for families because it is
clean, no poison oak. no pests. And pure air
and pure water. Address MRS. H. M. CLEM-
ONS, Virginia City, before June 1. when In-
dependence Lake will be open to the public.
HOWARD p£TA H GS P.of
IIV/ TT \~f lakecountV
Accommodations unsurpassed. -
Rates ?S. !10 and $12. Special terms to fam-
ilies. Postofflce and telephone.
Round trip, $10. Southern Pacific office, 613
Market street.
Address MRS. R. J. BEEBY.
HOTEL DEL COBONADO^ £SS*3&
tickets. Now only $60 by steamship, including
n'.feen days' board at hotel; longer stay $2 50
per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery st., S. F.
. ■ v., v
Eva: Every afternoon about 5 o'clock I begin to gape and
yawn and I yawn and gape and yawn till bed-time. If
I nip one yawn in the bud the next follows almost im.
mediately and is bound to be a regular jaw-breaker.
May: I had such an experience myself one time, and I re
member asking the doctor whether one should try
to keep from yawning, and he said no, that the act of
gaping gives to the blood more oxygen and acts by
mechanical pressure on the heart and lungs. If one
has chronic gaping it is a symptom which should cause
the affected one to look after her general health, for
it is a sure sign that something is wrong.
Mrs. Moore : It is pretty well understood that yawning is an
ailment that comes from indigestion or lack of tone in
the system and may be cured by taking a Ripang
Tabule before retiring. After a few days of this treafr
Hient the tendency will disappear.
/tjfp%lrt-ij': I jffi ,V?ss\ f ;iJ\ r "lrvS
y^MMffl"^M'^mfi.fiT.pTai3?ißyj»rlmßl
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASUR3
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
HOT MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS,
SODA SPRINGS.
IRON SPRINQS.
NEW HOTEL' AND COTTAGES.
PAID ORCHESTRA.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
MARK WEST SPRINGS
The most picturesque resort In California. Has
the only grapevine arbor in the State; a va-
riety of mineral springs, such as Soda, Sul-
phur, Magnesia, Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath:
1 swimming pool; billiards, shuffle-board, croquet
and other games. Accommodations first class;
.table good. Round trip, $3 7". Stage meeja
morning trains and Saturday evening. Terms
$9 to $12 per week. Address FRESE & JUER-
GENSEN.
| FREE FROM FOGS AND COLD WINDS-
I CAMP MEEKER^* v '^l
the Giant Redwoods of Sonoma County. Boat-
ing, bathing and tent grounds free: fine fish-
ing; climate perfect. Board and lodging, $5 .7)
and $6; unfurnished rooms, $1 per week. Train
stops at camp. Via Sausalito ferry, round trip,
13; good for ninety days.
CARLSBAD
MINERAL SPRINGS.
MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOT IN LAKE COUNTY.
Waters unsurpassed for STOMACH, LIVER,
KIDNEY and BLADDER affections. Round-
| trip ticket direct to Carlsbad Springs. Laka
County, via B. F. and X. P. R. R., $». Terms,
$S to $10 per week. .
W. R. McGOVERN. Proprietor.
El Paso de Robles Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES, CALIFORNIA.
OTTO E. NEVER .•..*..;..... Proprietor
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED
I MANAGEMENT.
i MAnPniMF' u<SERAI ' SPRINGS,
i iTI/-*!-FtVV7l^!l_ Santa Clara County. A
first-class mountain health resort. E.levatlon.
2200 feet. Cures asthma, indigestion and. kid- '
ney troubles. Terms, $9 and $10 per week. ,
Stage connects with morning trains at Madrons
Monday, Wednesday and Saturday.
JAMES CARTER, Manager.
SUMMIT SODA
SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation, 6009 feet.-
Dally mail. Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June 1. Address GOUL-
DEN & JACOBS. Donnor. Placer Co., Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious climate; pic-
turesque scenery: mountain walks; pure
spring water; beautiful drives; pine groves; .
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture in a short time. Address St. '
Helena Sanitarium, St. Helena. Cal.
HOTEL EL BONITO. • •
DUNCAN'S MILLS, Sonoma County. Open
all year; X. P. R. R. ; best boating, fishing,
bathing on Russian River. Fine walks, drives,
croquet, billiards, etc: excellent table. Terms.
18 to $12 a week. PETER SICKELS. Proprie-
tor, or I. E. THAYER, 28 California street.
SPRING VALE RANCH. V ".
Santa Cruz Mountains. Pleasure and health
resort. Delightful walks through redwood can-
yons. Hunting and fishing. Fresh fruit. Tabia
first-class. -Free bur. Write for pamphlet
WI-lITCOMB CO.. So.iuel. Cal. ' .
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAKNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RS. '
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms £0c to $1 SO .lay
$5 to «8 week. $8 to $30 month. Free bi.ih3- hot
and cold water every room flre crates la ever* •
room; elevator runs all night.OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers. Brokers, Ira-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATAiOGUES and PRICE lists MAILED ON application.
.' '..•'?'••'•• In '■"orrerrnnatng v"th Any of th» Pol" --Ing Firms Please Mention' "Th» Call."
ART... WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE. JEWELERS.
THE P. ROSSI CO., W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
: YvprtrstVcFyrnlture and fin Ware Importers. G °^ nAII?n?R:VE^n A ll?n?R: VE^ ?MI? MI J HS V, 13 ? iV era%"r a% "
■■S >;•'■•.-' .--/U7.SUTTER STREET. ** Sa " Franclß<;o - Telephone Main 91T.
v ■■ :=• • ARTIFICIAL LIMBS. MARINE INSURANCE.
-MFN7O' SPIN Vfi Proprietor. Send for meas- SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
;.•■ IuCnZV >rKli>U ure blanks U. S. Commie- Combined Capital. $1,000,000.
V.elort, 8 -deary st S. F. SYZ * CO.. Agents.
' " • ■ — -^-^ :,*\ : . 101 California st.
■.•."> .•:.-.•«- - : ARTISTIC FURNITURE. ' ~~ : — "
Cl\li' JtCrHlVni P» »ank. °- « and ****« MATTRESSES and IRON beds.
• -TL^!I.a'2IRLM.LXK. Fittings. 1309 Market j.j^ DCDWHADn Mattress Co.. 642 Mis-lon
," .st ■■ .-Telephone Scuth NT. 1»C OLlinllAKll st. Telephone Main 1674.
: :'"■'■ •"'■' '•■ ' AUCTIONEERS. odti<~»i nrtr«r,c
• •Live. «sto<-k I'll lID £ m 11 Montgomery St.. UKIILAL OOODS).
V;;A^.^s.KiLLIP&CO- San Franc lsC o. BERTELING OPTICAL COMPANY,
"•■ ■ BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY. Scientific Opticians and Manufacturers of
'iru'CftWlWlVfi Bhlpplu* trade supplied. Optical Goods. 14 and 16 Kearny street.
;V«,SC;iiOENiNG, CC 3 3 Broadly street. _ PAPER DEALERS.
- , PAPER DEALERS.
b •"';'-;• : :. BELTINO. UMj . AMCTTC PULP AND PAPER CO..
■•' : T^nFfiFV .Manufacturer of Beltinennd ITILLHmLIIL 722 Montgomery Street.
L. -I. UL'JL.^, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis- I » — 1 1
.: isi«!>-n -.cot-. Spear. Telephone Main 562. PIANOS.
.•-.':. :• ;, ■' BICYCLES. The Oldest ?lrm and T^arce>«t Stork. ' #
, :..•..;•■ OS Mod=l Cleveland Bicycle* PIANO and MUSIC STORE,
Fell for. $50. -tSS and $75. Crescents. In Men's ! kOHl PD JC» CM A CC
.. »ri4'..-Ladles'. JSV Second-hand Wneels. JlO «nd | IVV/lll_twrv Ct S^WtKjlZ,^
'• -/up. •"■-' 1 ! WITT i BILL. 303 Larkln street. 2g an 30 O'Farrell St.
•/„ ::-.': :-.' BOILER MAKERS. ' ' A con,, of expert tuner, and repairer..
EUREKA BOILER WORKS photographic supplies.
■•; f ..:■: .- V.- J. BRADY. Proprietor. i KODAKS?™?: p"^^.'^'^^^-
■'■■ • .Bpeei^l Attectloa Paid to Repair] xii Ship Wori. — ■ ■
'; : efficejin<i Worts— ll3-115 MISSION STREET 1; „ „_„ a printing.
. ••.•.- •- •' T-i „• ■« • erne E. C. HUGHES, Printer, Bookbinder, Engraver.
.. •- • ■■■• Telephone Wain 5045. Gll Sansome st. Telephone Main 449.
' • BOOKS AND STATIONERY. RFAL ESTATE "
TpH FRANCISCO NEWS company, _ sg&Sg =-.._
•- : . J«»_ to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell, General Auctioneers. 14 Montromery st.
'■.'■■ Periodicals, Books and Stationery. — — —
■■.':-■ • : : : -.COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON. SEWING MACHINES.
1 V s 1111 l O/^M O r>*~\ "firiMF^TIP" F eeminerltl / <h» machined
J. G. WILSON & CO., UUmcollli {.milyuss. 1021 Market m. «*.
''. •• :%Op; BATTERY STREET. SOAP " '
;,,-•;;: ■/■■■ M, P h, M M .i, 1564. fi R I lirV *CO m - California *r~t.
• • : . -.;-. •.: COPPERSMITH. " Ltvi tt WVl ' room 3"- Tel. Main lMi.
... •• r : :; , TV r »-, h. F"x. Pupt. „, H. Blyth. Mbt STATIONER ANd"pRINTER.
. C...,Vy. S>ith. Ship Plumbine, Steamboat _ . .. __ AND PRINTER.
.-. *nd;sh.!p Work a Specialty. 16and IS Teiwaphlcp ARTR I Fir^F' 3OR Call-
. ;... rvashincton St. Telephone. Main 5641. Codes. rrtl\ 1 RiliULfomlaSi.
':•■ "-: ;:•/•>: DENTIST. ~" THP ffiriS-Jlinn TO Printers. Book- '
MC U' RICHARDS, i p< »t Street. ray HILIUWIIO JUUU CV-, binders. a Flmt .t
Im-.V- ft^ nitnAKl/J, SE . corner Kearny. T
■^TT~7EGG,STS WHOLESALE). TARTAR V> '° RKS -
■'■■•RFfUlJfiTnN* Rn Second and Steven- Q*"«>'M"A TARTAR WORKS,
■ litUlßalUn & bU, on Sts. Tel. Main 4 W G. Dc LATOUR, Manager.
',' :':v! -.':"•■ FIRE INSURANCE. Office 31? Front Street. San Francisco.
■:: ; '-itTDWARD BROWN & SO.N. " TYPE FOUNDERS. "
•••.:•-.>.'--•.•'.: 407-409 Montgomery st. ,^ "™ t-uuiNUfcK^.
.' r'aprtai Represented over J14.000.000 P IT'"*. S . at^? /-'"?? foundry. »ueceB»or»
r. ■.->" •--■ — : *^ to Hawks & Shattuck. Tho Hams laduatry
[ , •: •.:;:• HRESH AND SALT MEATS. House, t.OB Clay .t.
: j^sWvEs&co., Shipping Butchers. 10J * ago * s and TDiirtrc
•. •JAj-.DW rEj tt WVi., Clay. Tel. Main ISM. WAUU '" A » >u TRUCKS.
'•■•:■■■• ...'^■r'—' • HISNRY B. BCHINDLER. . manufacturer of
"•.•-■■,•• FLOUR. carriages, buggies, etc.; repairing done la
' : K'itinVAi' Flour- Mills. J. Martensteln * Co. I msl'^r sV'-'t.?' m* 1 ! 1 " P^ CC * tOr KOoU wort i
;. nAIIUaAL aW. cor. Battery and Pacific sts. US Spear st "- tel - M " ln K5 - '
; .•C:-..V HARDWARE. WALLPAPER.
'. ':r>AI,AC.F. Hardware Co., lmporters & Dealers WALLPAPER— and retail; Fend for
"-. -Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752. ?? a A mp! £? \4l\i fn , k about quality and color, to
■: . :. ■• .-■ ____^.^ JAS. DUFF\ CO.. 928-930 Howard St.. S. F.
g:ivVVv-JH*JiNfess and VEHICLES. ~ " " WARFHO usemen ~"~
. .LEH-Xmn HARNESS CO.. 211 Larkln St.. 8. P. _„_ „, c WAREHOUSEMEN.
• • ~.T\"hr.!eVWe and Retail Manufacturers of all THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
. ; ;ltinds--.o"f Harnpss and dealers In Buggies. Forwarding Agents and Public Weigher*.
" '. vCsjj-ts- .etc. If you want bargains call or writ* General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses.
- :■■ ■■"■. — -•-*-.' : General office. 210 California et. Tel. Main 1911 ,
... • •-' • '-.. • IRON FOUNDERS. ; —
. ."Western Foundry, Morton & Hediey. Props.. WATCHES. ETC:
' V.234 Fremont St. Castines of Every De- T I IJVnV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and i
• ■script:pn Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505. i »• LvnDli full IS-k. 'VVfddinc King-s. 43d st.
LA PENITENTE
BEATS KINGDON
In the Electric Handicap
at Brighton.
' GETAWAY DAY AT THE BEACH
OLD WHITE-FACED SATSTJMA
WINS AT HAWTHORNE.
Betel Jack, "Who Runs Well When at
Long Odds, Reaches the Wire
First at St. Louis by
■' a Nose.
- ;-••'•"> I'll I':?pnt'h to The Call.
.;' NEW YORK, Aug. The racing on
thff-.'tlhV closing day at the Beach, was
.very good". Jefferson won the- mile hin
..djrap.ai; long odds, and La Penitente, a
■ ! rod- thing,' 1 played down from ■> .> .
" : to *i-tV 1, captured the Electric handi
■.capr for two-year-olds, piloted by Ma
.her.. -'.'As La Penitente defeated the
• "dotigiity Kingdon, she must be ac
: counted a rare good one. Rheinstrom
-.turned the tables on Marshall in the
■ hurdle race.
' •.. First' race, pf-lllnp, one mile:
• ■"Nune'.and Wt. Jockeys. V*. hi- V Str.Fln
' . Landsdale. S9 OLeary 2 ' 2 3 In l 2
Chaxasrace. 101 : ■her 0 0 0 2 1 2nu
•8».nq.u0. 11, 102 E. Jones 0 0 0 3. 3
■ VUenta, 108 Domett 1 ] 1 1 1 0 0
■ f»S . ■ get 3 3 2 0 0
7 -Time,' 1:41 Won easily. Second and third
driving. '
'"Ta-rarito 102. General Maceo 89 and Hardy C j
83 also ran.
:.• Straight odds against first three— 7 to 2, 7 to
2 and € to 1.
■■. : *F.avbrlte.
.'•; Second race, two-year-olds, five furlongs:
' •S^'ttme.and Weight. Jockeys. M. |L Str. Fin.
• -Tit Tut. 109 Maher 2 2 In In |
«, 5r *"'*" r? nt. 10J . Songer 0 0 3 2
" TV' » a!r ",- 112 .-:-'t 3 12 3 1
. r-» c y, jr ' rr ' lon " r - ;; ' 2 O'Connor 0 3 0 0
„• £am<)i n8 H2 Jones l o 0 0 I
• «mio* Won Urlvln X- Second and third
• : .;Cpn Vikinc 112. Domineer 92, Oliver M '.■?. Al
:.fi£f veSl i - Tennith S2 and Mark Miles 92 also i
ran.
" 1 ali'd nl 2^" against first three— l to 1. 2 to
.••Favorite.
" . ■ Third' race, purse. live Turlongs
:'^d^. •••<SS 1 1 :s^:
firearm, 10S : ?imm« n n £ 9
■ „ Sr - ft- in:;; Hamilton 0 0 2 3
• Xedjed, 113 lifrgen 2 3 0 0
:■• Ath.y, 111 SonVer 2 0 0 0
■ •drf'Tng. - :01 ' % ' W ° n ' !rIV; ' ; '' '■' ''""■ 1 Mnd third
.. . "Maitep James 116. BUchelber* 1M r>rim*
•. Minister 116. Blllall 113. Brass in Torreob Ul
• -and Ben I)., ran 111 also ran ' lorreon lv
.-.. Btraifht odds against first three— I to 1. 4 to
nd 8 to 1. '
• •••Favorite.
■" Fourth race, handicap, one mile:
-. Jefferson. 86, l > to 1 (Moody) «
.' I'een o' Day, 128, 3 to l (Lewis).. o
•LeedsviJle, 112, Bto 5 (Maher).... " 3
-. Time, 1:41%. Won driving. Second 'and' third i
driving. ,
, . ••Ben Ronald 110, Marito 96, Tinge 54 Murlllo
• 50' find Lady Marian 91 also ran. '
•' •' •Favorite.
. . Fifth race, two-year-olds. Electric handicap, j
■ six furlorfes: '
: Name and Weight. Jockeys. »£. % st r in
La Penltente. 98..... Maher 1 1 lh 1
• •K'lngdon, 129 Slmme 2 3 2 2
. Leando. 100. Songer 0 0 3 3
Gen. Mart -Gary, 107...O'Leary 3 2 00 |
• .-Time. -1:14%. Won driving. Second and third i
1 driving:.
• ■■■'-.■:/.■, '
Wine Press 100, Jean Ingelow 98 and Subject
95 also ran.
Straight odds against first three — 3 to L 6 to
5 and 7 ■
•Favorite.
Sixth race, handicap, hurdles, one and a half
mile?:
•Rhetnstroin, 141. 9 to 5 (r O chran> 1
Marshall. US, 3 to 1 <Allmark ' ' 2
Brown Red, 13.-,, s to 1 (Anderson)
Tim.'. 2:49.
Klnvarra 144, El Cld US and Borgen 145 also
ran.
•Favorite.
SATSTJMA'S WHITE FACE.
It Shows in Front at the Finish of a
Good Race at Hawthorne.
CHICAGO. Aug. 9.-01,1 white-faced Sat-
Fumn. played beavtly by his party, won the
fifth race at Hawthorne to-day In handy style.
It was at seven furlongp, find he ran over his
horses In the home stretch a? he did in Cali
fornia last spring. John Hright turned a form
someraattlt and brat the odds-on favorite,
Found. Five favorites again finished In front
In uix races.
First race, selling, two-year-olds, six fur
longs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. %. % Btr Fin
•Espionage, 10'J T. Hums 11111 1
Prince Harry, ll'J Thorpe 0 0 2 2
April's Lady, 104 Everett 3 3 3 3
Ostra. 106 Hart 2 2 0 0
Time, 1:15H- Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Th» Dragon 103, Mizzourl 10K, Nancy Beits
10* ;ind Frank Ireland 107 also ran.
Straight odds against llrst three— 4 to 5, 2% to
1 and 4 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, purse, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. »*. \ Rtr Fin
•Ahuse, 111 T. Hums 13 13 13 14
Abe Fur<=t. US Everett 0 Q 2 4 ' 3
Whltcornh. 107 Jenkins 3 3 0 3
Joe rymftn. 104 Kills 0 0 3 0
Sangamon, 114 W. Martin 2 2 0 0
Time, 1:14. Won easily. Becond and third
handily.
Clara Belle IH2 an.] Mkhne! G 107 also ran
Straight odds against first three— 2 to 6 24
to 1 and 20 to 1. • -a
•Favorite.
Third the, purse, one mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. %. %. «. st r Fin
John Urlßht. ÜB.... Everett t 2h 2 2 11
•Fund. 100 T. Rums 13131 112
Eddie Jones, llS.. ..Thorpe 3 3 3 3 3
Time, I:4OM>. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
StrrJKht odds against first three— s to L 3 to
5 and 3 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, selling, one and an eighth
miles:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. v. « g tr Ftn
•Moncreith. 108... T. Hums 4 T 4 M 4 1
Forte, 96 J. Woods 2 3 2 8 2
Paul Kauvar, 108.. Turner 3 2 3 2
Friar John, W..McNlchaJs 1 IH 1 4 4
Time, I:SA\. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Straight odds against first three — C to B 3 to
1 and tl k< 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, purpe, seven furlongs:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. «. v,. iv str Fin
•Satsunia. 11.' Thorpe '1333 1
Storm King, 10S» Kills 0 2 2 2 2
Osmon. 103 Conlev 3 0 0 0 3
Braw Lad. W»..H. Shields 1 lh lh lh 0
Eugenia Wickes. 104. Hart 2 0 0 0 0
Time, I:2S>,;. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
TV c T 10(5 and Discipline los also ran.
Straight odds against first three—7 to 5 5 to
1 and fO to 1.
•Favorite.
Plxth race, selling, two-year-olds, six fur
longs:
•Stamina. 107, even (H. Shield*) j
Air Hlast. 10.1. 4 to 1 (N, Turner) 2
Kunja. WO. 40 to 1 (Haiilett) 3
Time, 1:16.
Ro«a. Masno Kfl, Keen Winkle 100, Xuma 103
Old Fox l f >3 and Defender II 103 also ran.
•Favorite.
REBEL JACK AT LONG ODDS.
Ridden by Cnlifornian McDonald, He
Wins by a Nose.
ST. T/OUIS. Aug. 9.-- J. McDonald of Cali
fornia, the star Jockey at the local track, won
the la*t two racea of the day on rharina and
Rebel Jack, respectively. Ed Farrell captured
the two-mile race In clever style and in good
time, and Evelyn Byrd. by California-bred
Rowland, took the third event, with Orsibee,
bred In California, Jn the place. The track waa
In good shape.
First race, selling, three-year-olds, one mile:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. %. %. Str.Fln.
•Trebor, 104 Stevens 0 0 2 2 1
Flora O, 102 Lines 0 0 0 0 2
Tewanda. 1M Givens 0 0 0 0 3
Moch, 107 Butter 1 1 111 0
School Girl, 102.. Southard 3 2 0 0 0
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 10, 1898.
Miss Floride. 102. .Gulterez S S 8 0 0
Gypcelver. 107.. Hothersall 0 0 0 3 0
Time, 1:42%. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Sir Dick 107, Abrogate 107, R. B. Sack 101,
Tim Lilly 104, Howitzer 104, Violin 104, Al
mante 104, Laura May 102 and Empress
Josephine 102 also ran.
Straight odds against first three— 3 to 1, 7 to
1 and 10 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, selling, mile and a sixteenth:
Name anil Weight. Jockeys. V*. Vt Str Fin
K. Longfellow, 95.. C. Clay 0 2 12121 i
•Co'tcss Irma, 35. Southard 0 0 3 3 2
Fresco, 97 Hothersall 2 11222h3
Gold Top, 98 W. Dean 10 0 0 0
Hazard. 101... J. McDonald 0 3 0 0 0
Joe o' Sot, 97 Booker 3 0 0 0 0
Time, 1:49H- Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Sumo 100, Cochlna 100. Plantation 99, Groja
9S, Little nillle 97, Tutuilla C 5, Jim Conway 95,
Lassie Lou 95 and Russella 93 also ran.
.Straight odds against first three— 2o to 1, 11
to 6 and E to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, selling, two-year-olds, five and a
half furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys, tt. %. Str. Fin
Evelyn Hyrd, 103 Caddy 0 0 11
Oraibee. 99 Lines 0 0 3 2
♦Our Nellie, l n 7 Hothersall 0 0 0 3
Willie Howard, 101 nioss 2 2 2 0
Toby Paln«, 104.... Harrington 3300
Sir Blnze. 102 Gilmore 110 0
Time. 1.-09 K. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Ulin 104. Rainmaker 90, Ollle 8 99, John Con
satt 102, Kugenia S 99 and Miss Maytre 99 also
ran.
Straight odds against flret three — 4 to 1, 8 to
1 and C to 2.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, purse, two miles:
Name and Wt. Jockeyß. Im. IVi. lU. Str. Fin.
•Ed Farrell, S7 Kelly 0 0 2 lh 1
Sunburst. 106 Bloss 0 2 0 0 2
Rle. 102 Gilmore 3 3 3 3 3
Hu.kvi,ien». 112 Lines 1212112 0
J.Bradley, 103.Harshborger 2 0 0 0 0
Time. 3:32^4- Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
C. S. Hush 1(12 also ran.
Straight odds against first three— 4 to 5, 5 to
2 and 9 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, selling, mile and a sixteenth:
Name and Wt. Jockeys, '4. %. K. Str. Fin.
Charina, 101. . J. McDonald U 0 0 0 13
Mamie G. 95 Kelly 0 0 0 3 2
Fingal, BE Southard 3 2 11 lh 3
•CeKlc Bard, 97. ...C. Clay 0 0 0 2 0
Minerva. 96 Crayeroft 1 3 2h 0 0
J Steadm.in, 101..Gilmare 2 113 0 0
Time, 1:48%. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Maddalo 102, Moralist 102. Uncle Abe 100,
Sirenia ?9, Serf 97 and Plnkey Potter 101 also
ran.
Straight odds against first three — 3 to 1, 9 to
2 and 10 to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, selling-, seven furlongs:
Kame and Wt. Jockeys. 14. %. Str. Fin.
Rebe! Jack, 103. McDonald 2 0 3 0 Ins
Ben Frost, 102 Kelly 0 0 0 0 2
•Aquinas. 10T Rutter 0 0 0 213
Domsle, 103 Oilmore 1 3 0 lh 0
Fr. Wagner, luO. Southard 0 2 2 0 0
Cecil, 106 C, Clay 0 IV, 0 3 0
Ed Gartland. 103. ..Rector 0 0 10 0
Lord Neville, 101 Urn's 3 0 0 0 0
Bounding. 103 Bloss 0 0 0 0 0
Time, 1:23"-:. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Straight oOrfs against first three— lo to 1, 10
U. 1 and 6 to 3.
•Favorite.
CLAWSON IN GOOD FORM.
Rides Three Winners at the Saratoga
Track.
SARATOGA, N. T.. Aug. 9.— The feature of
the day was the contest for the Pepper stakes
of HOOO. Tt w;ts cas- for the favorite, Matan
zas. who led from the fall of the flag. Weather
good: track fast. Summaries:
FlrFt race, five and a half furloncs:
Diminutive. 105 (Olawson). 13 to 10 1
OnVVlette. 11l (C. Sloan), 8 to 1 and 2 to 1., 2
Turvydrop, 93 (Rowden). 30 to 1 3
Time, 1 10..
Term Day. Dan Cupid and Chrysar also ran.
Second race, six and a halt furlcn&s:
Kinnlkinnick. 121 (T. Sloan), 3 to 1 X
lea, US (C, SI. an), IS to l and 3 to 1... 2
White Frost, 113 (A. Barrett), 7 to 5 3
Time. l:J0H-
The Winner and Papa Harry also ran.
Third raeo. five nnd a half furlongs:
Chnrontii". SO (CUtwaon), ( to 1 1
H!(fh Jink*. X (Dupee), 4 to 3 and 1 to 3 2
Gala Day, I<M (Irving), 4 to 1 3
Tlmp.
& ';t!i Africa, Dutch Comedian and Captain
Smith al^o ran.
Frurth race, Pep jit Ft:ik«s, five and a half
furi ones:
Mxtanzas. 11l iT. Sloan). 7 to 5 1
Rhlnelander. 114 (R. Williams). IS to 1 and 3
2
Kentucky Colonel, 12C (Clawson), 8 to 5 3
Tlmf.
Klnley Mao. The Pounoer, X C B and Coun
sellor Wcrnberg also ran.
Fifth race, one mile:
Twlnkler. 109 (Clawson), IS to 5 1
Bnnlrio, U0 iH. Williams). 7 to 2 and 9 to 10.. 2
Athnmns. 109 <T. Sloan), 4 to 5 3
Time. 1:42H-
Donation and Marslan also ran.
ALICE FARLEY WINS.
Outfoots ]Viiss Gussie in a Special
Race at Windsor.
DETROIT, Aug. !*.— The feature at Windsor
to-day was a special race at a mile between
Alice Farley nrnl Ml;s Oussle at equal mights.
Tho race- proved a hollow victory for Alice Far
ley, who ran a sensational race, winning In a
gbiXi p. Weather cloudy; track lumpy. Re
sult.-:
First race, six furlongs, selling— Reprieve
w..n. Minnie Price second. Glen Albyn third
Time, 1:17 U.
Btccnd race, five furlongs— Jim McCleevy
won, Prospero second, Salvarse third. Time,
Third race, one mile— Alice Farley won, Miss
- sirrnJ, Bon Jour third. Time, 1:45.
Fourtrj race five and a half furlongs— Neada
Yon. Oel* Brooks second, Nannie Taylor third
Time. 1:1 1
I'lflh rrce, selling, one and a quarter miles —
Krithle May won, Judge Qulgley second, !»■
mosthenes third. Time, 2:14.
Sixth race, yelling, six furlongs— Can I See
'Km won, Midlo second. Skylark third. Time,
1:17*;.
FAST HEAT PACED
BY A TWO-YEAR-OLD
FORT WAYNE, Ind., Aug. 9.—Notwith
standing a heavy track and cloudy weather,
the races to-day developed some fine sport.
Matin 15eil went the fastest two-year-old ]
pacing heat of the sear.on, 2:16,£. Charley Ilerr, ;
In the three-year-old trot, duplicated the per
formance for his class, going a mile In 2:IEV4-
Two-year-old pace. Horse Review stakes,
purse $2500— Matin Bell won second and third
heats. Time. 2:IGH. l-V&Vi. Dr. Flowershill
won the first heat in 2:21%. Blrchwood Mold
third. Ecstaey, Cobbet and Katie also started. ,
Three-year-old trot, purse $]000-('harley Herr
won first, second nnd fourth heats. Time, !
2:21, 2:15^, 2:lBV*. Heraphlna won third heat
in 2:ISH- The Earl third. Black Robert. Cup
rum, Pamllco Chief and Latan also started.
2:2S trot, purse $20i»— John Nolan vn second,
third and fourth heats. Time, 2:15%, 215
2:15H- Nobby won first heat In 2;l<?".i. Fred
Lader, Miss Beatrice, Mountaineer and TJn
toret also started.
CINCINNATI SHUT OUT
BY THE BEAN-EATERS
CIXCIXNATTI, Aug. 9.— Nichols was invin
cible to-day and easily shut the Reds out. Haw
ley proved a mark for Boston. Attendance
CCXX). Score:
Clubs— R. H. K.
Cincinnati 0 5 4
Uoston 8 10 0
Batteries— Hnwley and Peitz; Nichols and
Uereren. t'mpires— Oaffney and Brown.
PITTSBT'RO, Aug. 9.— Pittsburg-Baltlmore
game was again postponed on account of rain.
International Chess.
COLOGNE, Aug. 9.—On the morning of
the eighth round of the International
chess tournament to-day Schlechter drew.
After recess Showalter, Fritz and Ja
nnwski defeated Schallopp, Steinltz and
Tschlgorin respectively, and Cohn and
Charousek and i'oplel and Burn drew.
RARE SPORT AT SANTA CRUZ.
Unusual Run of Salmon Is Attract-
ing Numerous Anglers.
SANTA CRT'Z. Aug. 9.— The disciples of
I.'raak Walton arc enjoying- some exceed
ing rare sport with rod and reel on the
bay these days. The present run of
salmon is the largest of the season nnd
bids fair to continue for an indefinite
period, as the presence of large schools
of sardines that precede the run of 1
salmon indicate. The best fishing
pounds appear to be Just this side of
Capltola. There were scores of boats out
to-day and all returned with good '
catches. In all, several hundred were
landed. The fish are of a large size, run
ning fmm 15 to 40 pounds. The unusual
run is attracting outside sportsmen In no
email numbers.
THE CRYSTAL, SWIMMING BATHB.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swlmmtnf baths. North Beach.
LYING AT DEATH'S DOOR.
Charles W. Manwaring, Prominent in Repub
lican Politics, Whose Life Is Despaired Of.
Charles W. Manwaring, who for many years has been prominent in
Republican politics, is lying- at the pulnt of death at his home, 3781
Seventeenth street, suffering from a complication of diseases.
Mr. Mamwaring was born In Missouri about thirty-five years ago and
graduated from the State University with high honors before he had
reached his majority. Shortly after leaving college he made a trip
Weat to visit his uncle, a prominent wine grower In Napa County, and
he then decided to make his home In California. He is a man of many
accomplishments, and he soon secured a position with J. Gundlach & Co.,
wine merchants, as bookkeeper and correspondent, which he still holds.
About eight years ago he went Into politics and was made a member
of the Republican County Committee. Two years later, when there was
a division among the committeemen, he suddenly loomed up as a dark
horse and was almost unanimously elected chairman. He fulfilled the
duties of his office in a straightforward, conscientious manner, making
friends everywhere, and has since been twice re-elected. He managed the
affairs of the committee with a master hand, readily subduing and har
monizing whatever warring elements might exist In a quiet, unostenta
tious manner until he has come to be considered almost indispensable.
He has never been a candidate for public office, although he once tried
for an appointment as Internal revenue agent, and for many years has
exerted a powerful influence in State- and local campaigns.
A short time ago he was taken sick with pneumonia and has never
altogether recovered. Last week he caught a severe cold which settled
on the lungs, arid this coupled with heart and kidney troubles makes his re
covery doubtful.
IN FAVOR OF A HOME
FOR CONVALESCENTS
MERRIAM SO INFORMS THE RED
CROSS SOCIETY.
Donations Received From Many
Quarters — More Help Needed
at 16 Post Street.
Mrs. W. B. Harrington, president of the
State society, received word from General
H. C. Merriam. commander of th>- I >•-_
nartment of the Pacific, yesteWay that
he favored the id«a of establishing a
home for convalescents at the Presidio,
but suggested that no expense be In
curred until a consultation was had with
Major Owen or the chief surgeon. He
stated that the move of the War De
partment In allowing furloughs to the
convalescent soldiers would lessen the
labor of the Red Cross Society.
Subscriptions were receive.l from the Elliott
Belief Corps No. 12. Davenport, Neb., Clover
dale, San Rafael, Los Banos, Kelton and Be-
nlcia.
A donation of tobacco for the transports was
also received from H. Levy.
A literary entertainment and ball will be
given to-night by the Sons and Daughters of
St. George at Union Square Hall In aid of the
Red Cross Society.
The committee of the Ladles 1 Auxiliary to
California Commandery No. 1, K. T., who will
have charge of the Tennessee drill on Satur
day night, assisted by a committee of the San
Francisco Red Cross. Is composed of: Mrs.
George D. Korts. Mrs. J. F. Fraser. Mrs.
James F. Logan. Mrs. Ida K. Umbwn, Mrs. J.
S. Young. Mrs. Y. U. Dodge, Mrs. George Ben
nett. Mrs. S. A. McDonnell. Mrs. George Siebe,
Mrs. E. B. Hindes, Mrs. C. Taber, Miss M. J.
Bragg. Mrs. Thomas Hill, Mrs. Charles War
ren, Mrs. Wheaton.
" Private Sheridan of Redding, whose father
died suddenly yesterday, was Riven three days'
leave of absence, and the Red Cross Society
furnished him transportation to his. home and
back.
Those denlrlnK to make something the society
greatly needs will please make comfort bags, as
the demand exceeds the supply.
Workers who are willing to sew are greatly
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i-f-cp-t-o^-o ♦ o ■•- o -♦■ o -♦■ o -♦■ o-e-o-e-o^o ♦ o«-o-«-o ♦o-e-o ■♦■ o -•• o -•■ o -•- o ■♦• o-^-o-^-o-**
PROUD OF HIS STRENGTH.
The perfection of that great force known as strength is a work
of nature. Thousands of men have been gifted with a constitution fit
to build such a physical structure upon, but they have wasted the ma-
terial that makes the muscle vitality. A man who has exhausted his
vital strength by excesses and bad habits has weakened his physical
structure, and he will always be a weak, "half man" until he gets it
: back.. There is one great vitalizer.
SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
It Is a magnificent remedy for building up power. It cannot be equaled.
It charges j the body daily with electric energy, and vital power grows
from this very fact. It does not take long to build up a perfect state
of strength.
ARE YOU THE MA N YOU SHOULD BE?
Study yourself. ■ You can be a stronger man than . you are. You
should be stronger. You shoul'Vh«ye more confidence in yourself.
Steel your nerves with thli elertr'c current. . Feel its; warming glow as
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt saturates your body with it. Call and test
this wonderful Belt free. See what it has done for others; 10,000 cures!
If you can't call, send for the book about it, free. Call or write to-day.
Don't put It off. Address. j
DR. A. T. SANi EN, " not in dru6 stores.
702 Market Street; Corner Ke-nty, 8»n Wlfcun,
■ - Orfice hour,. « 'a "■ M. V. BP.M. . Bund a ,a, - : i-- Dr. Sanden's. Electric Belt.
Office hours, 8 A. ■ M. 1* o^P. M. ; Sundays, .. „„,.»- - n i.i i n drtir utam
10 to 1. Branches at Los A..*el«p, Cal., 204<J ** a £ travelinir aeeni.- on?y
South Broadway: Portland. Or.. &8 Washing: n ° r b) offlrp ' asent*. only
ton street; Denver. Col.. 981 Sixteenth itre«t: . at our office. • . ,
; Dallas. Tex.. 255 Main street. :*— — •—:• — : — — ~¥\
needed at 16 Post street, as 250 pajamas must
be computed by Saturday night. All who have
work at home will please try to eend it in by
Saturday night.
A DEMOCRAT RESIGNS.
That Political Paradox Achieved by
Assistant United States At
torney Knight.
Samuel A. Knight, Assistant United
States Attorney for the Northern District
of California, announced yesterday that
he had sent his resfgnatlon to the Attor
ney General of the United States at
Washington. His term would expire In
M.irrh of n<-xt year, but Mr. Knight
thinks that the present is a good time to
get out of the office and engage in the law
business, he having formed a partnership
with J. A. Cooper of SCendodno, and they
will establish their office In this city.
Mr. Knight was appointed llrst assistant
to United States Attorn***' Charles A.
Qarter live yean ago by Attorney Gen
eral Olnev. Garter resigned in November,
IS&4, and :Slr. Knight was temporarily ap
gointed United States District Attorney
y Supreme Justice Field. He served In
tli it capacity until February 2S. ÜB6, when
Henry S. Foote was appointed I'nlted
States Attorney, and Mr. Knight resumed
his old position u-s assistant under the act
] of May 28, 1596.
Mr. Knight handled several important
rases for the Government, among them
being the prosecutions of th>' railroad
strikers of 1594, he having drawn up the
papers for calling out the Federal troops
under General Graham; the Tapioca case,
the North Bloomfield mine litigation, the
Steel rail oases and the prosecution of the
Emerald smugglers.
Bchleslnger, the Deputy United
States Attorney, wnl resign in about two
months, as he desires to solicit the nomi
nation for one of the Superior Judgeshlps.
Federal Indictment.
The United States Grand Jury yesterday
returned an indictment against Postmas
ter Riohl in Sacramento County fur em
brzzlement. The bonds were fixed at
IKHX).
/ . ADVERTISEMENTS.
♦O>O+O>O+O-fO* 040*0-»-O* ♦O-»O-*-O-*-O^O^O^ _■♦
2 I ■I--' : A > DDIC\T ; £ Pfl *C
♦ Ob Ob \7 JLPIIII^iI \X WXJb U
O
! August Clearing Sale !
k
1 VALUES WERE NEVER SO GREAT OR BAR-
♦ GAINS SO ASTONISHING !
♦ _
o
o We are making concessions in prices that are extraordinary during
♦ this week of our ANNUAL. CLEARING SALE. You cannot afford to
4 pass by this opportunity. It will never occur again. Note bargains
° below In
f Shirt Waists and Children's Hats!
? .A.t SO Cents.
O LADIES' PERCALE AND GINGHAM SHIRT WAISTS in fancy plaids
♦ and checks, blouse front, regular price $1, will be placed on sale at
O 50c.
t J±t T'S Cents.
2 LADIES' FRENCH PERCALE SHIRT WAISTS, latest style in plaids
t and checks, regular price $1 50, will be placed on sale at 75c.
o At"SLOO.
♦ LADIES 1 FANCY PLAID AND GINGHAM SHIRT WAISTS, pointed
? yoke and full blouse front, regular price $1 75, will be placed on sale
6 at $1.
o -A.t $1.25.
♦ LADIES' FINE ORGANDIE SHIRT WAISTS in figures and checks,
2 blouse front, regular price $2, will be placed on sale at $1 25.
I CHILDREN'S POKE BONNETS
I AND STRAW HATS.
♦ J±t IS Oents
? CHILDREN'S WHITE AND COLORED POKE BONNETS, in pink, blue,
O . white and lavender, regular price 35c, will be placed on sale at 15c.
o .A-t SO Cents.
5 CHILDREN'S STRAW TOP HATS, in pink, blue and red, lawn ruffles,
4 edged with lace, regular price $1 50," will be placed on sale at 50c
I LADIES' WAISTS.
♦ _A.t. 35 Oexits.
? LADIES' PERCALE SHIRT WAISTS, laundered collar and cuffs, In
o stripes and fancy plaids, regular price 75c, will be placed on sale at
3oc.
O ■
1 1/rF Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., /
♦Kr \J? Sen Fronriico. /
o
♦©-♦-©-♦-©-♦-o-^-o-^-o-^-o-^-o-^-o-o-^-o-^-o-^-o-^-o-^-o^-o-^o-^-o-^-cP-^-o-^-o-^-o-^-o-^-o^o
AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S GRAND S
Walter Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Main 532
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c
Family Circle and Gallery, . . ioc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
LAST WEEK OF "OUR CALIFORNIA BOY,'
JAMES M. BROPHY
In a Magnificent Production of the Great Melo-
dramatic Success,
THE CHERRY PICKERS
200 NIGHTS IN NEW YORK. • J
First Time In San Francisco.
Beautiful Scenery! Startling Effects, Elaborate
Costumes! Picturesque Uniforms!
A Great Cast! ■
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY). Aug. 10.
Parquet, Any Seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, Any Part. . . .
The Hegelmanns, World's Greatest Aerlal-
lsts; Lillian Burkhart and . Company, in the
Dainty Comedietta, "Dropping a Hint" ; O'Brien
& Buckley, Musical Comlques; James Thorn-
ton, New Songs and Satire; Macarte Sisters,
Great New Act; W. H. Windom and Black-
son Quartet: Angela Sisters, New Repertoire;
Wilton & Stack, Triple Bar Artists; Valbon &
Anthelmlne. Vocalists.
Next Week— Great MLLE. TAVARY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Manager
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT, Also Friday and Saturday Even-
ings, Verdi's Favorite Opera,
"IL TROVATORE
ro-morrow and Sunday Evenings, Also SAT-
URDAY MATINEE. Gounod's Immortal
Opera, "FAUST."
Next Week — Wagner's Music Drama, "Lo-
HENGRIN." A complete production.
POPULAR PRICES 2m: and DOo
X. B.— Reserved seat for the matinee, 25c.
I%lephone Bush 9. .
- COLUMBIA THEATER.
"MY SON MIKE."
All This Week— Matinee Saturday.
The Greatest of All Comedy Hits, . ■
"HIS.:.ABSENT.:.BOY!"
As Presented by the
FRAWLEY COMPANY!
"IT'S A CUP OF JOY."
Next Monday— Great Revival of "TRILBY."
EXCURSION RATES ON RAIL ROADS
nnuTPAU-To exhibit
LlUfll lAftl TO ATTEND
SECRETARY. Pr.ES. .
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
A POSITIVE HIT.
Every night this week— matinee Saturday.
LEWIS MORRISON,
SUPPORTED
By FLORENCE ROBERTS, in
"CAMILLE!"
Next Week— THE MERCHANT OF VENICE.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
A GREAT VAUDEVILLE GATHERING.
IN THE FREE THEATER.
A DOLLAR SHOW
FOR A DIME!
CANNON, THE 613-POUNDER, STILL
BOOMS !
10c, Including Zoo and Theater; Children, sc.
fll VHPI4 Eddy, cor. — Greatest Aero-
ULIlTiriA batic Novelty of the Age. ROY
rOKIO ACROBATIC WONDERS, Japan's Most
Skilled Balancers, Jugglers and Acrobats;
DARRELL & MILLER. ROCKWELL, STAN-
LEY, ROYCE SISTERS and Others. Admis-
sion Free. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Daily from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m.
ADMISSION lOc - - - - CHILDREN So
Hi .Miing.' with admtas'Tt. ZSe: children. Mo. j
ADMINISTRATOR'S AUCTION!
MONDAY AUGUST, 15, ITO.
At 12 O'clock Noon, at Salesroom.
JOSEPH P. HALE ESTATE.
314-18-18-20-22 and 24 Oak street, 6 2-story and
>asement houses of 8 rooms, bath, bay win-
lows, brick foundation, stone walks, etc., each;
ents $180; 137:6x120; as a whole or in 3 equal
visions. g.
NOTE— No. 314 is to be sold subject to the
lomcstead right of the widow for life.
SALT MARSH AND TIDE LANDS.
Lots 6 and 15, block 542. r .'."'.
Block 749. .
Lots 1 to 8 and 21 to 24. block 735.
Lots 9 and 20, block 55, subject to assessment
or paving Kentucky street, amounting to $225.
Lots 9 to 20, block 746.
CATHERINE WALLACE ESTATE. •
1809-9^4 Lyon street, between Geary and Post
treets; 2 flats of 6 and 5 rooms, bath; large lot.
:hese PROPERTIES MUST BE sold TO
close the RESPECTIVE estates.
Further particulars at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st., San Francisco. >
\;-\ .
In AM v of VG^nfik B D
\?ITALIS
aSKSSBw KioToaiunrso THE NEW
ITaLIS loth Pay? *^ftagfflv! r^ . yM ;
HE ABOVE RESULTS.Iaoth Day. iiM&^«»
; quickly and surely re- _, 1 WP**
loves Nervousness, potency, I SOttiDay.
ightly Emission*, Evil Dreams, I ■' ■■ -
r asting diseases and all effects Of self-abuse c*
ccess and indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality,
ower and Falling Memory. Waids ofT Insanity
id consumption. Cures when all others fail. Insist
i having VITA US. no other. Can be carried in
ie jest pocket. By mall $1.00 per package or six
$0.00 with a guarantee to Cure or Kef Una
tie Money. Circular Free. Address
CALUMET MEDICINE CO.. CHICAGO, ILL
Sold". by Owl Drue ■ Co.. San Francisco and -
Rk'.und. ; ; :■■.■■■ .•."..'"-.-; .■".'' -- " ;. '
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET.
Silver a fraction higher.
\Yheat and Barley dull.
Other Cereals ditto.
Hay In lighter receipt.
Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Flour and Mll'.stuffs as before.
Prices established for new Walnuts.
New Dried Fruits rule firm.
Potatoes advanced. Onions weak.
Vegetables In ample supply.
Batter and Cheese steady. Eggs firm.
. Young Poultry doing tetter.
Peaches and Pears lower and dull.
Borne changes in Provisions.
Wool, Hops and Hides quiet.
Hogs weak and in free receipt.
No change In Oils. ' J' ' :
Coal quieter.
THE NATIONAL FINANCIAL ACCOUNT.
Government receipts for the month of July
Compare as follows:
1597 IS9S.
Customs J16.956.502 J15.1C9.651
Internal Revenue 19.7C7.832 26,170.697
Miscellaneous 2.292.731 2,506,
Total $39,027,365 ?43,547,10S
The disbursements for the same month com
pare as follows;
Civil J13.,977.'446 J12.061.357
Civil $13.. 977. 446 $12,061,387
War 10.796,759 34,774,153
Navy 2,998.810 5.514,280
Indians 769,231 669, 569
Pensions 14,958,178 12.657,895
Interest 6,660.277 6,555,892
Total $50,100,909 $74,263,476
The heavy disbursements last month were on
account of the war.
MONEY IN CIRCULATION.
According to a treasury statement the money
In circulation in the United States on the Ist
of August was as follows:
Gold coin $645,246,054
Silver dollars 67,293,336
email sliver 63.994.457
Gold certificates 35,693,679
Bllver certificates 389,119,436
Treasury notes 95, 735,. ".53 !
United States notes 278.084.157 '
Currency certificates 21,975
National Bank notes 222.056,642
■■.-- • - ■ ■
. Total $1,809,198,344
In 18!)7 * 1.646,471.139
Increase 152,727.205
Tlie circulation per capita Is given at $24 23.
The net decrease In circulation for the month
of July was $34,237,406. The decrease in goid
com was $5.700,00K The withdrawal of money
to pay fcr bonds was the cause of the decrease.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Aug. 9, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations ;
In California: ,.,.:;
Eureka, 60; Red Bluff, 106; Sacramento, 100;
Fresno. 110; Independence, 96; San Luis Obispo,
80; Los Angeles, 88; San Diego, 72; Yuma 110.
ban Francisco temperature— Maximum, 72;
minimum. 50; mean, 61.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS:
y,.T a , lr /it atl ? er ,r irevails throughout the region
west of the Rocky Mountains, except along the
Immediate coast, where iight fog prevails.
farmer weather is reported from the interior
of California. The thermometer now reads be
tween 100 and 110 decrees in the interior val
leys and the prospects are that it will go still
higher.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours en. .lng midnight August 10, IS9S-
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; warm
er in the interior; li K ht west wind.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; fresh
west wind.
Nevada and Utah— Fair Wednesday; warmer.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
fresh to brisk west wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais taken
nt 5 ©. m.: Clear; wind west; 10 miles per
hour; temperature. 8S; maximum. 91.
W. H. HAMMON. Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Aug. 9.— The belief was gen
eral to-day that Spain's reply to the United
States proposals was of such character that It
might endanger the whole negotiations for
peace by Its failure to return straightforward
answers to the questions at Issue. This belief
was effective In depressing securities a.ll over
the world. This effect was especially marked
Inasmuch as values have recently Improved
sharply on the prospect that peace would soon
be declared. Holders of stocks were therefore
Inclined to take profit In view of the less
favorable outlook. This was true of .Spanish
bonds, which fell both in Paris and London.
It hardly could be said, however, of United
State* bonds which nevertheless showed some
depression.
American railroad securities declined In Lon
dun and in Europe and there was selling In
New York for foreign account. Offerings here
on the decline were very large, but there was
evident also a remarkable power of absorp
tion which held prices with few exceptions
almost perfectly steady through some of the
active periods of the trading. Recent leaders
suffered quite severely and In this list are
included specially Burlington, St. Paul, Rock
leland. Brooklyn Rapid Transit. Sugar and the
rubber stocks. Yesterday's profit-taking fol
lowed by to-day's selling caused renewed fears
among traders that the large dealers were
Belling out. The bears were active but ner
vous all day and their covering induced the
numerous rallies. Prices at one time rallied
to near last night's close and In a few cases
above, but the bulk of the trading was at a
lower level.
Dealings in bonds were on a considerably
reduced scale and prices were more firmly held
than In the stock market. Total sales $3,550,-
W..0. United States new 4s declined »i: the 3s,
when Issued, %. while the old 4s (coupon) ad
vanced Vi In the bid price.
Total sales of stocks to-day 411.100 shares.
Including 8649 Atchlson prefer! d, 16.K35 C. and
0.. 21.645 Burlington. 13.551 C. C, C. and St.
L., 8870 Louisville* and Nashville, 4000 Man
hattan, 10.580 Missouri Pacific, 6500 Missouri,
Kansas and Texas preferred, 5680 Northern
Pacific. 88S5 Northern Pacific preferred, 22,927
Hock Island. 4680 Union Pacific, 23,207 St. Paul.
11.412 Union Pacific preferred. 7000 Tobacco,
4086 C. G. W.. £10,025 People's Gas. 5025 Pacific
Mail. 40,325 Sugar. 17,260 Leather, 44.248 Leather
preferred, 5260 Rubber, 4519 Western Union.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 13H St I' & Om 84%
Do prefd ........ 34% Do prefd 153
Baltimore & Ohio 16 St P M & M 161%
Canada Pacific .. 82% So Pacific 21%
Canada Southern. M So Hallway £%
Central Pacific .. 16% I Do prefd 32%
Che» & Ohio 24«4 Texas & Pacific .. 12%
Chi & Alton 159% i Union Pac prefd. 63%
Chi B & Q U2\i U P D & G 5
Chi & E 111 &8 Wabash 7%
CCC 4 St L.... 44Vi Do prefd 20
Do prefd 56% Wheel ALE 1%
Del & Hudson... 10$ Do prefd 12%
Del L & \V 150 Express Companies—
Den &It G 12 Adams Ex 103
Do prefd 60% American Ex 133
Brie (new) 13 r ', United States .... 40
Do Ist prefd.... 3'! .Veils Far*o . 119
Fort Wayne 171 Vi Miscellaneous —
Gt Nor prefd 131 A Cot Oil 27%
Hocking Valley... 5 Do prefd 81%
Illinois Central .. 108% Amn Spirits 13V4
Lake Erie & W.. 14% Do prefd 37%
Do prefd 73Vi Am Tobacco 12S 7*7 *
Lake Shore 164 Do prefd 130
Louis & Nash f..">V« People's Gas 102%
Manhattan L — 100% Cons Gas is»%
Met St Ky 158% Com Cable C 0.... 170
Mich Central .... 108% Col F & Iron 22%
Minn & St L 28% Do prefd 75
Do Ist prefd.... 89% Gen Electric ... 39%
Mo Pacific 37% Illinois Steel ....'. 61
Mobile & 0hi0.... 28 Laclede Gas 63%
Mo X & T UV4 Lead 37
Do prefd 85.% 1 Do prefd 110
Chi Ind & L 10 Nat L!n Oil 7U
Do prefd 33 Pacific Mall 82 *
N J Central 92 V Pullman Palace... 190 .
Js' V Central 119%! Silver Certificates 58V4
X V Chi & St L. 13 ; Stand R & T. 514
Do Ist prefd.... 60 Sugar 137U,
Do 2d prefd.... 36 I Do prefd my.
Nor West 14% T C A Iron 28%
No Amer Co 6% V S Leather ... .$%
No Pacific 30% Do prefd '.'. 71%
Do prefd 73 vi U S Rubber . 39%
Ontario & W 15% Do prefd jg«J
Or R & Nay El C & N ...... l«S
Or Short Line 29 Do prefd 17;%
PittsJrJrs 170 St L &-B.W; r,»i
Reading l»'ft Do prcrd ........ 12
Do Ist prefd.... 42% I K G \V. 28
HorU Island 1 : 1 : /|>! Do prefd 67
6t Liouia <& S F.. 7% Chi G W 16%
Do Ist prefd 65 Union Pacific .... 2:,%
Do 2d prefd 30% Brooklyn R.T.... 60%
Bt Paul ........... 10?,% Western Union .. 53%
Do prefd l"? 7 i . ■
CLOSING BONDS.
* S new 4s rot.. 12' 1 4 MJ C 55..... . 112V4
Do coup 127 Vi N* Carolina 65.... 125
VH 4« "1^ Do 4 8 ....; 103
Do coup 111% No Pac 15t5...... 112%
Do 2<Js 37 Do 8s Co 4
US re 5....'.... 112 Do <s ioo>4
Do Ga coup 112 NYC& St L. 4s. 107
District 3.658 ..... 116«^ Nor & W 65.....; m
Ma. class A 108 N'orthwstrn cons. 141
Do 13 100 Do deb Ss 117^4
Do C »0 O Nay lsts 112
Do Currency ... 90 O Nay 4b. ....... 59%
Atchlßon 46 ..1... 95% |O S Line (4tr.... 127
Do «!lj 45........ 721 '4i° S Lin* Ga tr.... IWA.
Can So 2da........ 110H Pacific 6s of 95 102-4
Chi Term 45...... BS% Reading 4s ......." $314
C & Ohio r.a 114% : H G W Ut*....... 90
CII & D'4V4«-— 10 ' 4 '^ P* *• *'l M C On. S9'/4
D & n Gists.... HIM! St L. & S F G Cs.'llS
D & R G 4b....... 96% St-P C0n. ....... 1451,4
Kant Term lets.. 10:. r S. St PC & P lets. 118
Krle Gen 4b....... 74Vi Do 5s ....116
VXV & D lsts tr. 74 So Railway 55.... S8
,., ] 1,0 E»....... 107U stand R & T 65.. 70
1; II ft S A t0... 104: |Term new set 3s. i»2%
Do 2^« .-..•••••• 10'> Vex PL G lsts... 107%
HAT <■ &«....•.. 110 Do R»r 2d5....... 43V4
1,,", con ««.... ... 11l UnlonPac 45..... SSV4
 m r- intH 10SV4 U P D & O lsts.. 7:.%
l/a new ,- ri* 45. . 103 . Wabash Ist . 55 . . . ill
CU M t'nl <».;.. W Do 2dß .......... 89*
Missouri 6s 102 W Shore 4s 109
MX & T 2ds 65 Va Centuries 73
Do 4s 61% Do deferred 5
N T Central lsts. Ufi£
MIXING STOCKS.
Chollar 15 Ontario Z W
Crown Point 06 Ophir 1 &
Con Cal & Va.... 30 Plymouth 12
Deadwood 30 Quicksilver 1 25
Gould & Curry... 10 Do prefd 300
Hale & Norcroas. 160 Sierra Nevada ... *f
Homestake 45 00 Standard 150
Iron Pllver 05 Union Con lo
Mexican 10 Yellow Jacket . 06
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West tea e°">*
Call loans 2 @3 Do prefd 104 V*
Time loans 2's(eM 1 Westinsrhouse El. 29%
Stocks— Do prefd 57&
A T & S F 13% Atchlson prefd ... a 5
Araer Sugar 137% Gen Elec prefd... 06
Do prefd .... 114% Bonds—
Bay State Gas... I*4 Gen Electric t0... 106^
Bell Telephone ... 2SO |\Vls Central Ss... 64%
Boston & Albany. 2*o I Do 6s 125&
Boston & Maine.. 164 Mining Shares— '
Do prefd 161 Allouez Mln C 0... 4%
Chi Bur & Q 112% Atlantic 27$
Fitchburs lO.iVi ! Boston & Mont... 209%
Illinois Steel 61 Butte & Boston.. 26 1
Mexican Central . 4% | Calumet & Hecla. 676
N V & New Enjr. 97 i Centennial 14%
Old Colony 193*4 Osceola 60*
Boston L 64% Quincy 43
Rubber 40% Tamarack laS
E E 111 IS2H Wolverine 24%
Union Pacific .... 24*4 Old Dominion ... 27**
LONDON MARKET.
' NEW YORK. Aug. The Evening Post's
j London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were quiet to-day but-inclined to
; be dull on the reported delay of th» pence ne
gotiations between . the United States and
■ pain and on selling previous to the settlement
which will commence to-morrow.
Americans are dull, New York having turned
seller of nearly ail common stocks, but on the
■ other hand New York buying of bonds was
stronger than ever. Americans closed weak in
; the street. Canadian Pacific has fallen on the
! dividend announcements. Grand Trunk was
i dull In sympathy and on expectation of poor
; triune returns.
> Spanish securities were flat for reasons stated
'. above.
| Canadian Pacific, 86%; Grand Trunk 7%. liar
■liver, 27% a 'ier ounce. Money V* per cent,
i Spanish fours closed at 42 V». ■'■-'. -■'■:■> \
MADRID, Aug. 9.— Spanish fours closed at
I 63.30. Gold, 61.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Aug. 9.— FLOUR— 27,
061 barrels; exports, 7335 barrels; sales, 6000
! packages. The market was steady, with busi
| ness restricted by the strong views of the hold
, ers.
WHEAT— Receipts, 61,050 bushels; exports,
238, 42S bushels. Spot, strong; No. 2 red. 77%<3)
TiVic. f. o. b., afloat; No. 2 red, 79% c, f. o. b.,
afloat, spot. Options opened weak and were
affected all the morning by liquidation arising
from weak cables and a raid by bears. At the
decline exporters became heavy buyers, eventu
ally scaring in shorts until the loss was recov
ered and the market closed firm. No. 2 red
September, 70 1-16&71 l-16c, closed 71& C.
• METALS— To-day's metal market developed
pronounced strength and a fair amount of
activity, with a number of developments re
porting materially higher prices. Cable news
from the English market reflected firmness
also at that point and the outlook for the mo
ment is most satisfactory. At the close the
Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants, quiet but steady, with
$6 Jo bid and $6 75 asked.
LAKE COPPER — Firm, with $11 15@ll 55
asked.
TlN— sl6 25.
LEAD— Very firm at $4. ■
SPELTER— Steady, with $4 50 bid and $4 60
• asked. The firm naming the settling price for
leading Western miners and smelters quoted
lead at %■-■ iO.
HOPS— Steadier.
WOOL— Dull.
COKFEE— Options closed steady. 5 points
higher. Sales, 31.500 bag?, including Septem
ber, $6 6555 75. Spot — RIO, steady, tend
ing upward; No. 7 invoice, 6Hc; No. 7 Jobbing,
6%c; mild, steady, moderately active; Cordova,
£4}<lsc.
SUGAR— Raw, strong, tending upward; re
fined, firm, with advancing tendency.
BUTTER— Receipts, 1377 packages. Firm;
Western creamery. 14%@19c: Elglns, 13c.
EGGS— Receipts, 8079 packages. Steady; West
ern, i4',jc.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Aug. s.— California Dried
Fru.ts dull.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 6^^;
prime wire tray, SV4®B%c; choice, S\^c; fancy,
9V - C
APRICOTS—RoyaI. BV4®loc; Moorpark, 10®
l'c
"PEACHES— Unpeeled. E^c; peeled, 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Aug. Wheat was for sale dur
ing the first hour In larger quantities than the
market would take without Inducement of fur
ther concessions In price. The required reduc
tion was submitted to. and %c was what It
amounted to for the sixty minutes. The news
that chiefly influenced the sellers at the start
was a decline of from 1% to l%d at Liverpool
and a slight drop In Paris quotations Other
wise the early Information was somewhat bull
ish. The greatest selling pressure came from
the Northwest, where speculators were doubt
less very bearishly. affected by the magnificent
prospects for the spring wheat crop. The de
mand for cash offerings In the sample market
was active. Offerings were Insignificant in com
parison with the demand, and notwithstanding
the decline In futures the prices paid for the
spot grain were fully as high as those realized
yesterday. That showing, together with the
strong competition among shippers for the lim
ited amount procurable for Immediate ship
ment, prevented futures from the demoraliza
tion they were occasionally threatened with by
the bearlshness of the crowd. The close was
Vc lower for September and Me for December.
Large receipts, ideal weather for the growing
crop, and the weakness In wheat had a bearish
Influence In corn. Scalpers and commission
houses generally sold. September lost Kc.
Oats were weak and lower In sympathy with
the other grains. September declined He.
The early break In provisions was occasioned
by general outside liquidation and selling on
stop-loss orders by commission houses. Prices
took a sudden spurt near the close on heavy
buying by packers. Pork and lard declined 2*c
each. and ribs rose 2 1 ,i@5c. . 'v\-;-»
The leading futures ranged as follows: ...
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2—2 —
August CS% 7nV4 68% 70V*
September 66* 66* 65% 66£
December 65 65* 64% «5*
May . 67 67* 66* 67%
Corn, No. 2—2 — 33 33 32% 32%
August 33 33 32V, 32X4
September 33% 33% 32% 33
December 33% 33% 33* 33%
May 35% 85% 35% 35%
Oats, No. 2 .?...... 20% 21 20% 20*
September 20% 21 20*4 20*
May 23% 23% 23* 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
September .8 85 8 90 8 60 8 85
October .....8 80 885 8 72* 885
Lard, per 100 lbs —
September .5 20 5 22* 6 17* 6 22*
October 625 6 27* 5 22* 6 27*
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 5 12* 6 17* 505 8 17*
October ...5 15 6 20 6 10 6 20
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour— Firm. No. 2 spring wheat, : No.
3 spring wheat. 6S@7sc; No. 2 red. 71@71Hc; No.
2 corn 33@33Uc; No. 2 oats. 21% c; No. 2 white,
26<&2S 1 No. 3 white, 23V4@27Hc; No. 2 rye, 444
(545 c; No. 2 barley, 35@40c; No. 3. ; No. 4,
; So. 1 flax-seed. f<9c; prime timothy seed,
$2 57V- 1 mess pork, per bbl., $S 65@S 80; lard, per
100 lbs., $5 17%@5 20; short ribs sides (loose) ,
$5 10®5 35; dry salted shoulders (boxed), <%<&
4%c- short clear sides (boxed), 6 40@5 60; whis
key' distillers' finished roods, per gal., — ;
sugars, cut loaf, ; granulated, — ; stand
ard "A," . -
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour bbls 14,300 9.100
Wheat, bu 101.800 103,700
Corn bu 420,800 89,700
Oats' bu 802,300 158.900
Rye.' bu 12 30C
Barley, bu iu.K'O
On the Produce Exchange to-day, the butter
market was firm; creameries, 13&(3;18V4; dairies,
12® 16c; egg» firm; fresh 12c.
WHEAT MOVEMENT.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— ",-.. • - Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis ..\. 33,680 10,780
Duluth ....:.... 5.334 84.395
Milwaukee 29.900 ' •••••••
Chicago •- •'•• 101.861 - 101.795
Toledo 90,614 42,800
St. Louis 47.000 25.000
Detroit •' • 49,105
Kansas City ...... ..: .....68,500 $4,000
Totals 423.784 833,770
Tidewater- ; ; " ::-.":■'. V. •
Boston ..:. 61,674 .......
New York , 238.843
Philadelphia 14,274 507
Baltimore 120,782 120,000
New Orleans
GaJveston 87.450
Totals 369,355
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— '■'■:■ Sept. : Dec.
Opening ...6 10H 6 5H
Closing 6 &% - . 65
PARIS FUTURES.
"Wheat— Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 49 56 44 90
Closing .:......... ....it'oQ . 44 25
Flour— ' ,
Opening 2130 20 90
Closing 2130 20 65
EASTERN LIVE STOCK ' MARKET.
CHICAGO. '
CHICAGO. Aug. 9.— CATTLE— Trade In cattle
'• to-day . was fairly active and prices underwent
no particular change. '.. Choice steers, 15 25@5 70;
medium, ; $4 80© 4 90 ; - beef steers, $4©4 75; stock
ers and feeders. , $3 2S(Q'4 75: bulls, •$2 75<g4 25:
cows and heifers, $3 50@4 20; ■ calves,. »2 75fi}>4;
Western r rangers. $3^4 70; fed Westerns, $4 25®
4 3.*»;'Texans, $22a@356.~: .-.. ■..,■..'■■.,:.■■ ■.--_. ■...:■■...■ -
HOGS— Showed a reduction of 6c In the early 2
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 10, 1898.
I dealings, and a further decline of 5c was
effected later by the Chicago .packers. Fair to
choice. I 3 8515T4 05: packers, »3 75123 S2Vz ; butch
ers'. $3 75@4; mixed. $3 70@3 97Vi; lights. $3 65®
i 3 97Vi: pigs, $2 75@3 25.
I SHEEP— There was a good demand for sheep
at yesterday's advanced prices. Yearlings, $4 25
i <§>?>'. common to extra lambs. $4ft"6 50: native
i sheep, |34H SO; Western rangers, $3 Ss@4 15.
Receipts— Cattle, 4000; Hogs, 1000; Sheep,
i 11,000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Aug. 9.— CATTLE— Receipts,
60(i0. Market steady to strong. Native steers.
$4 25<g>5 35; cows and heifers. $1 5Q06; stockers
and feeders, $2 75<g>5; bulls. $2 50®3 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 10,500. Market SfJlOc lower;
Blow. Bulk of sales, $3 60@3 80; packers, $3 50
#3 S5; mixed. $3 50@3 SO; light*. $3 45@3 70;
j yorkern. $3 65<SS 70; pig?. $3 15<S3 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, 4500. Market steady.
i Lambs, $C(g>6; muttons, $3(&4 25.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Aug. 9.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2700.
Market steady. Native beef steers, $4 40@5 30;
! Western steers, $4«4 70; cows and heifers, $3 30 j
j @4 15; stockers and feeders, $3 So#4 70.
HOGS— Receipts, 11.000. Market 10<?15c lower.
I Heavy. $3 6O'£3 75; mixed, $3 C&SI 67H; light.
$8 60@3 67^; bulk of sales, $3 6553 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1900. Market steady. Fair
to choice natives, $3 Co@4 20; fair to choice
Westerns. $3 50®4 10; common, $3 25@3 90;
lambs, $4<g>s 75.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
Earl Fruit Company's auction sales of Cali
fornia fruit:
CHICAGO, Aug. Grapes— Malaga, $1 15;
Fontainebleau, $1. Bartlett Pears— s2 25@2 50.
Crawford Peaches— sl 10. Plums— Kelsey Japan,
$1 18; Gros, $1 23. German Prunes— sl IS. Nine
cars sold. .
NEW YORK. Aug. 9.— Bartletts— s2 15©2 50.
average J2 39. Peaches— Early Crawford, $1 30
®1 50, average $1 40; Late Crawford. $1 40@l 65.
average $1 54; Susquehanna, $1 64; Morris. *1 75;
Stump Peaches, $1 90; Elberta, $1 76; Brandy
wine, $1 66. Nectarines— Jl 60. Plums— Kelsey
Japan, $2 12; Yellow Egg, $1 2501 40. average
$1 35; Columbia, $1 15@1 55, average $1 25; Brad
shaws, Jl 10 <f? 1 30, average $1 10. German
Prunes— Jl 20@l 35, average $1 28. Fourteen
cam sold.
BOSTON, Aug. 9.— Bartlett Pears— sl 6T.JT2 30,
average $2 10. Peaches— Early Crawford, 95c©
$1 35, average $1 20; Late Crawford, $1 250155.
a v era are $1 3".; Crawford Clings. 51 25; Susque
hanna, $1 25'gl 65, average $1 54; Elberta, aver
age $2 20. Plums— Quackenboss, average $1 40;
Bradshaw. 76c@'Jl 05. average S9c; Yellow Egg,
average $1 20. Prunes— German, $I'Tl 35, aver
age VI 23; Gros, $1(51 70, average $1 35: Silver,
Jl@l 50. average $1 35. Eleven cars sold.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, Aug. o.— Special cable and tele
graphic dispatches to Bradstreet's covering the
principal points of accumulation indicate the
following changes In available supplies last
Saturday as compared with the preceding Sat
urday:
Wheat — States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 859,000 bushels; afloat for and
in Europe, decrease. 2.4C0.0M bushels; world's
supply, total decrease, 3,259,000 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 513,000 bushels.
Oats — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 5000 bushels. '
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Aug. The volume of business
transacted In the wool 'market here this week
has ibnra some increase and a firmer tone
prevails. Territorial wools are now being sold
for 47iS4Sc, scoured, for old clip. The market
for Australian wools is showing increased in
quiry, and fair sales are recorded at present
prices. Quotations: -■''•.
Territory wools— Montana, fine medium and
fine. 15®16c; scoured, 47@4Sc; staple. 50@52c.
Utah. Wyoming, etc.— Fine medium, 14@16c;
scoured, 47g4Sc; staple, 50c. '
Australian, scoured basis— Combing, super
fine, 7G@72c; do good. 65<g6Sc; average, 62{j'65c;
Queensland, combing, 65c.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. Aug. 9.— Consuls, 110 11-18; silver,
27 5-16 d; French Rentes, 103T 42'ic.
Wheat cargoes off coast, quiet and steady:
cargoes on passage, quieter; English country
markets, plow.
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 9.— Wheat firm; No. 1
standard California, 6s 7' a di36s S'/fcd; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands. 3Ud.
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet: August, nom
inal; September, 5s 9\d: December. 5s sd. Spot
No. 1 red Northern spring firm. 6s 9d.
CORN— August steady, 3s 3'*d: September
steady. 3s 3*fcd; Oct iber steady. 3s 4H<l-
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Aug. 9. -Offerings of wheat are
so small yet there Is not yet much of a move
ment from an export point of view. There Is
some buying for milling purposes and an oc
casional sale for Pan Francisco account at
prices a few cents above export values, which
are about 57f108e for Walla and 60<g61c for val
ley and blue stem.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Aug. 9.— Vheat weaker: exporters'
quotations. sSfls9e; bluestem, r,oc. Millers' quo
tations, club, 63c; bluestem, 66c.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 9,-To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows- Avail
able cash balance, $260,669,111; gold reserve.
|U<0,252,«96.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Aug. B.— Exchanges. W48.492;
balances, $46,513.
COTTON MARKET.
N^W YORK, Aug. J.— COTTON— Steady
middling. 6Hc. _
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight _ 4 SUU.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days _ IHZ
Sterling Cables _ i giV
New York Exchange, telegraphic... — 17&
New York Exchange, eight — 16
Fine Silver, per ounce _ j-ai/
Mexican. Dollars 45 <6
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS-Are still dull at about
26s 3d. usual options. The chartered wheat fleet
in port has a registered tonnage of 19.200,
against 63.600 tons on the same date last year'
disengaged, 32,470 tons, against 98.400; on the
wa £,J2. this port. 19«,6X> tons, against 231,130
WHEAT-fhe California farmers are ho ding
back and are not expected to let go until the
rains. The local trade are figuring on 100 000
tons for export. Business Is dull at the old
prices. The total crop of the country outside of
California is expected to exceed all previous
SPo@lS P o@l^ per~cU hlPPln *' M 18% ® 1 22%: »»Hn»7.
CALL BOARD SALES
SS^OO 0 ™! ,iX° n " 9:15 o'<=»ock-December
14 S 0W OI HM% SlOn December— 16.000 ctls. $1 .22%:
cttefVi'ai^M^n !!"'° n ~ Dcc " nbe --2<'.«»
cWSii On - D "«"be-20.000
8000 ft |l 1 23W ISeBBIOn r)eCember 2000 ctls, $1 23H;
6UW, 11 .-.3 I -4-
BARLEY— The market continues dull at un
changed prices. Offerings are not large. , .
Feed, $1 lihi^l 20; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:l6 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December — din, SI UK,
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — sales.
OATS— say, that the. market ought to
be strong, for stocks are moderate, but the de
mand 1b very slow and sellers are willing to
make concessions to effect sales. Fancy Feed
$1 27%@1 30 per ctl; rood to choice, SI 25<Q1 27*
common, $1 17Vi«t<l 224: Surprise, 1 $1 3oai 35'
Gray. SI 22Vi@l 25; mniing, (l 22H@1 27* per
CORN— Tho market still hangs fire, the de
mand being poor. Stocks are not heavy Small
round yellow, SI 26®1 30; Eastern large yellow
»1 OC^l 07H per ctl. ■ ■ ',
RYE— »I 20®l 22V4 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— 75@1 85 per ctl. ,
FLOUR AND MILL6TUFFB.
. The old quotations still rule for all descrip
tions. _ ' . '
\ FLOUR— Family extras. $4 40@4 60; bakers'
extras, $4 1504 25 per bbl. -
1 MILLSTUFFS— Prices ;In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, S3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100 •
Rice Flour, »7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
Commeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, •$4 25: Oat Groats
$4 50; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat Flour $4
@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina, J4'so-
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled Oat's (bar
ley), »5 Ss©6 25; In sacks. 15 65@-6 05; Pearl
Barley, *5; Split Peaa, $4 2£; Green Peas, 14 &0
per 100 lbs.
, HAY AND ; FEEDSTUFFS.
|j Receipts of Hay t was ; smaller and ; bidding
was rather livelier, but the market showed no
Improvement. There Is no change in Feed
stuffs. '
' BRAN— SIS 50@16 per ton.
1 MIDDLINGS— per ton.' -'-'' .'.-."■
FEEDSTUFFB— Rolled Barley, $2.v?f26 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. 1310 3 1 50 • Job
bing, $32@22 60; Cocoanut Cake, $24*525; Cotton-
I seed Meal, $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, S23GTZ3 so-
Cracked Corn. $244*24 &0. . . • . '
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. ' ? 17(^17 50 for
good and '. $14516 for . lower grades ; . no ■ choice
coming In: Wheat and Oat. 114 DOOI6 GO 1 - Oat
$13^15; Barley, $13^14 50; Island Barley Sll«>
12 60; ; Alfalfa, ; $1150(3-12-50; . Stock, "$ll(al2-
Clover, nominal. > • " ■- . :
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc )—
Wheat. $IJ-3!14 60; Oat, $12@13 50: Cheat, «1©
13; Timothy, $11 Bo@l3 50; Alfalfa, $ll<gli 50
per ton. - .' :
STRAW— per bole. y •'• ■ •'..
V BEANS AND SEEDS. .
1 Beans remain ;In the I same : condition, colored
being .' dull '' and ;. weak ; and ' white kinds firm.
Prices have not changed for some days. Seeds
remain as before. . '
BEANS— $2 7.'.@2 90; Small Whites,
$202 15; Large i Whites. II 9O(ET2: Pinks. *2 25«
2 40; Reds. $2 60@2 75; Blackeye, $3 15@3 25;
Butters,, nominal: Lima* Pea, J2®2 15; Red
Kidneys, $2 50*52 75 per ctl. .
•■■: SEEDS— Brown Mustard. . per ctl; fel
low Mustard. ; Flax, nominal ;at $-@2 10;
Canary See.l, 2U@2?;c per Ib; Alfalfa, nominal.
Rape, 2vt©2%c; Hemp. 2%©Bej Timothy, MMVIC.
DRIED PEAS-Nlles, $1 75(&2; Green. $2&2 10
per ctl. '■"■•■•; • ■ - -
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Choice Potatoes are doing better. Onions
are weak.
All kinds of Vegetables are In ample supply
and prices show no pronounced change.
POTATOES— 4O©6Sc In sacks for Early Rose
and 50c@Jl 10 in sacks and 75c@Jl'25 in boxes
for Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, -75c@Jl 10;
Sweet Potatoes, SO4CI per lb. ' ;j
ONIONS— per ctl for red and oo@.oc
per ctl for yellow. Pickle Onions, 75@90c per
ctl.-''
VEGETABLES— Peas, 2 1 ,4@30; String
Beans, 2§3c per lb; Lima Beans, 3@4c;. Bay
Squash, ZSOSm; Green Peppers, 35go(>c for
Chile and Co<& 7sc for Bell; Cabbage. 50c per
ctl; Carrots aOO'SOc per sack; Bay Cucumbers,
25(5<30c; Pickles, 75@S5c for No. 1 and 40@50c per
box lor No. 2; River Tomatoes, $I'Bl 26; Green
Corn, 40@75c per sack for Vacavllle, $I^l 25 per
crate for Alameda, 50<§75c for Berkeley; Garlic,
2is'2Vic per lb; Green Okra, 40@50c; Egg Plant,
Soiaouc per box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced
dessteated. 16(JjlSc; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions, $0c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage. 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25;;;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 60c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Hens are dull, but young stock Is selling
rather better. More Eastern Is expected In a
day or two. '
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13@15c for Gob
blers and 13913 c for Hens; Geese, per pair, 75c
fOsi; Goslings, $I@l 21; ■ Ducks, $2 75g3 for old
and $2 60G4 for young; Hens, $3 iO®4 50; Roos
ters, young Jsfs6; Roosters, Old, $4 25*4 60;
Fryers, J4<jJ4 0; Broilers, $3 5004 tor large;
»2 00i(.; for small; Pigeons, $1 iOyl 75 per dozen
for young and JIQI 25 for old. .: r
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
There is no scarclity in Butter now, but the
market is steady at the advance. Cheese rules
firm. Eggs are steady with fair stocks.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 23@24c; sec
onds. 21<?22c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 20@21c; common
grades, log lye.
Eastern i3utter— Ladle packed, 140150 per ib;
Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, SfplOo; old, S@
SVic; cream t. neiiiiar, luijllc; \oung America,
l»Vj<i(lo^.c; Eastern, 12£13 c.
— Rail. 1 , i!,g6s, Unp2Sc per dozen; store
Eggs, l-i&ii'/sc; Eastern. 14017 c for ordinary
and lS@2uc lor fancy; Duck ISgigS, 20<fi21c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITIUS FRUITS,
Peaches and Pears are vrry ilull and plenti
ful, as the canners are working on oontwet
stock and are therefore not buying In <hr San
Francisco market. Price* for both vi ac
cordingly lower. Plums continui In frt« nip
ply at unchanged quotation*, A,prlOOtfl will
soon be out.
The assortment of Grapes continues to In
crease, but price* are holding up well; Melon*
show no particular chance. Berries ara steady.
Figs and Nectarines are in ligiu supply.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, J44JO per chest for large and
for small. *\
Figs, per box; for single and 75cffjl 25
for double layers. !
Cantaloupes, $2-<j4 per crate; Nutmegs,
$1 25<£fl 00 per box; Watermelons, Js<gK> per
hundred.
Huckleberries, 7<J?-9c per lb.
Red Nectarines, 501j35c; White Nectarines,
60<&t>5c per box.
White Grapes. to(f?6oc per box and 60@75c per
crate; Black Grapes, 65&30 c per crate; •Jluscata,
75cfiijl. .
Blackberries, $2 2504 per chest.
Plums, 40'gGOc per crati and 25r£50c per box;
in bulk, $10 per ton for green ana $12 6i"glj for
yellow.
Apricots, 40@S5c per box and J40(g65 per ton
In bulk.
Peaches, 250650 per box; in bulk, to canners,
J20®35 for Freestones; Cilngs nominal.
Crabapples, 25(540c per box.
Raspberries, $u'i{o per chest.
Apples, Zl'ijwc for common, and 75c@Jl per
box for No. 1.
Bartlett rears. 75c@Jl per box and $25035
per ton for No. 1, and 25®50c per box ana $15®
122 50 per ton for small and Inferior stook.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges. }1 2i<tTl CO for St.
Michaels, Jl^l 25 for Mediterranean Sweets,
and 7.VIM 25 for Seedlings; .Lemons. $1 25© I .
for common and $2 Eo#l for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $1 50<ff5; California Limes, 50c
per box: Bananas, II 25©2 per bunch; Pine
apples, J."si I per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISINS. ETC.
Prices for new Walnuts have been established
by the Association as follows: No. 1 softshell,
7o; No. 1 hardshell, 6c per lb.
The market for fruits remains as previously
quoted. Peaches continue to lead the other
kinds and old stock is cleaning ud rapidly at
slowly rising prices. Pears have not opened
yet: Apricots are very stiff, but their extreme
scarcity prevents any activity. Prunes are very
ffrm. with a continual Inquiry from the East, j
where prices have advanced somewhat owing
to the scarcity of supplies there.
DRIED FRUIT — New Prunes, 3H©4c I
for the four sizes; old Prunes, carload lots, I
s@s>ic for 40-50' s. 4^i®sc for 60-60's, ZK&ic for '
60-70's, 3^44?3V4c for 7u-So's, 2%@3c for SO-90's. 2& :
2»^c for 90- loo' new Peaches, 6>v??7c; old i
Peaches, 5<S6V4c; peeled, nominal; new Apri
cots, 9V4@loc for Royals and 15(<i17«4e for Moor
parks: old Apricots, a'g'c for Royals and SglOc
for good to fancy Moorpnrks; Evaporated Ap- !
ples, 6i4§7c; sun dried. 3((?4c: Black Figs, sacks
2ffr2'iic; Plums, 4<<j4Hc for pitted and I'eUie for
unfitted; bleached i'lums, sc; Nectarines, 3®
4&c for prime to fancy; Pears, 3&5 c for quar
ters and 3<gsVic for halves, according: to color,
etc.
RAISINS— 2{?2Hc for two-crown. 24® 1 2 ! >ic for
three-crown, 3<g3&c for four-crown. 3@4c for
Seedless Sultanas, 2%'J3c for Seedless Mus
catels and $l<ifl 15 for London Layers; dried
Grapes. 2r. ,
NUTS — Walnuts, new, 6c for hardshell, 7c for
softshell; Almonds, 3@4c for hardshell, 6@70 for
softshell, SH^9e for paper shell; Peanuts, 4',?
6>^c for Eastern and 4^c for California; Pe
cans, 6>-i"JSc; Filberts, 9%@10c; Brazil Nuts,
E«f 9c per lb; Cocoanuts, $4 60@5 per 100.
HONEY— Comb, 90:10 c for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 6>J<g>
6c: light amber extracted, 4*i@sVic per lb.
BEESWAX— per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Prices for barreled goods and Lard show
some revision. Trade continues dull.
CURKD MEATS— Bacon, BV4o per lt> for
heavy, 9c for light medium, 104 c for light, lie
for extra light and 12',fc@l3c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, lO'A'JTllc; Califor
nia Hams, 94@10c; Mess Beef, $10^10 50 per
bbl; extra Mess Beef, $U@ll 50; Family Beef,
112^12 SO; extra- prime Pork. $10; extra clear.
ilS,'qlß 50; mess, $15 50#16; Smoked Beef, Il@l2c
per rh.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted, at 6c per IT)
for compound and 7V4c for pure; palls, 8c:
California tierces, 5c per Us for compound and
7c for pure; half barrels, 7V*c; 10-rb tins, be;
6-lt) tins. S',4c.
C'OTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%^'6^c; packages
less than 300 n>s— l-lb palls. 60 In a case, 9Vic;
3-!T> palls, 20 In a case, S%c; 5-It> palls, li In a
case, B>,s.c; 10-It) palls, 6 in a case, S%c; 50-n>
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden' buckets. 20
rbs net, B%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs u;t, 7?ic; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c per It).
HIDES. TALLOW. WODfj AND HOPS.
Buyers are wllHn? to co;nra*t for n»w Liny*
at 10r, but the er3w:.*i are U' willing to sell
at , this price, uer.ce f-i'.? Is du'.l. There Is
nc change In Wool and Ilid?s.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under ' the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c: light. SV4c; Cow
hides, 9c; Stags, 6%c; salted Kip. BV4c; Calf,
9c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands,
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17@18c;
Goatskins, 27>*:<Ii30c; | medium, 30c; winter, 10c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@25c each; short wool,
30©40e each; medium, G0@80c; long wool, 90c@
$1 10 each; Horaehldes, salt, $2 25 for large
and $10175 for small; Colts, 50c: Horschldes,
dry, $1 75 for large and 75c@$l 25 for small ;
Colts, 60c.
:' TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3>4c per rb; No. 2,
25ic; refined. 1 4% c; Grease, 2c.
"WOOL— Fall clip, Southern Mountain, 7@loc;
free Northern, 9@l2c. Spring Southern
Mountain 12 months',' 9@llc; San Joaquin and
Southern, .7 months', 8®10c; Foothill and
Northern, free. 12@14c:" Foothill and Northern,
defective, 10®12c; Middle County, U£>l6c; Hum
boldt and Mendoclno, H@l6o; Nevada, 10A?ltc;
Eastern Oregon. 10@12c; Valley Oregon, I&<jjl7c.
HOPS— crop, 9@12% per It).
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are weak and dull at the decline. The
other descriptions are unchanged.
■ Wholesale; rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
• BEEF— First quality, : 6Vic; second quality,
6%o<c; third quality. 4',4@5'4c.
VEAL— Lars*, 4@sc; Fmall. 6@7c per It). i
$ MUTTON— Wethers, Vsi~\*c; Ewes, 6<3V&e
Pe LAIIB— Sprlnsr. 7@Sc per • It). .
LAMB— Spring. 7@Sc per IT).
• PORK— Hogs, 4c for large. 4Vic for me
dium and 3'4@:t%c for small; stock Hogs, 2<3>
3V4c; dressed Horb, - 5%®CV4c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 4H<f?*%c: Wool
Bags, 2G<£2Bc: San Quentln Bags. H So; fruit
Bags. Gc, SMsC and 5%c for the three grades of
white and 7@Re for brown.
COAL— Wellington, »8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; bouthneld Wellington. J7 50; Seat
tle $6; Bryant, $6: Coos Bay, $5: Wallsend.
$7 50; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and $14 60 In
sacks- Pennsylvania Anthracite Ebk. $14; Oan
nel $10 per ton; Rock Springs ana Castle Uate.
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14 In
sacks.
Harrison's Circular says: "My last Colonial
report showed forty-three vessel? as chartered
for coal with a carrying capacity of 115.000
tons; now there are but thirty-eight vessels of
101,000 tons. Indicating a falling off of charters
for here, which has been principally caused by
the very liberal engagements from Australia
for Honolulu for the United States navy. Aa
th« news from the seat of war is of a decidedly
less bellicose nature, and an early settlement
is almost assured, the demand for fuel for our
navy must necessarily diminish and colonial
shipments to Honolulu will be solely for com
mercial, not warlike uses. Our principal coal
consumers are unwilling purchasers at current
rates, and some of them are allowing tnel^
stocks to run pretty low, anticipating reduceil
prices later. Our coast collieries are profiting
by the high prices now established and are gen
erous shippers, in fact sailing vessels are de
tained in British Columbia awaiting their load
ing turn, as steamers take precedence. Some
of our importers are engaging coal freights six
months ahead from Newcastle, thereby show
ing their belief in the maintenance of rates
Their judgment may prove faulty If we should
i have seasonable rains In October and Novem
! ber next. The anticipated labor troubles at the
i colonial collieries, which tho last mail referred
to, appear to have been amicably arranged.
CORDAGE-Manlla, 10* c; Sisal. 10% c basis.
CANNED FlU'lTS— Cherries, it 40; Peaches,
$1 25; Pears, Jl 25; Aprioots, $1 25.
; CANNED VEGETABLES — Peas, fl; Toma
| toes. 95c.
! COFFEE— Costa Rica, 15H<S17c for prime
washed; 14@15c for good washed; 15@17V4c for
• good to prime washed peaberry; 124@Uc for
pood peaberry; HVi^lSVic for good to prime;
10V4@llc for good current mixed with black
• beans; 9@loc for fair; s\4@?c for common to
ordinary- Salvador— llVi<&l4c for good to prime
washed; lC3llc for fair washed; 12V4@14c for
• good to prime washed peaberry; BS4ig.9 l 4C for
superior unwashed; SVi@BVic for good green
unwashed; 11>4<S11V»C for good to prime un
; washed peaberry. Nicaragua— S*4@9c for good
to superior unwashed; ll@HVic for good to
prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and
Mexican— l6®l7Hc for prime to fancy washed;
13\t@15c for good to strictly good washed; MMrt
12Vjc for fair washed; ~VNV4c for m»dlum; 5®
', 7c for Inferior to ordinary; 14516 c for good to
prime washed peaberry; ll$?llVtc for good un
: washed peaberry; B>4@9V»c for good to superior
1 unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, 4c: cases, se
lected, 4%c; Imitation Eastern, s>ic: boneless,
s^c; strips, 59i@7V4c; blocks, E%OTc; tablets,
"Vie; middles, 6»,4<ifSV&e per It>; desiccated, 87'^c
per dozen; pickled cod, barrels, each, $8;
pickled cod, half barrels, each, |4 60.
California Castor Oil. cases. No. 1, »r>c;
barrels. 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates);
Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled, 43c; raw, 41c;
cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra winter strained,
barrels, 50c; No. 1. 46c; cases, 5c more; China
Nut, 49©f.6c per gallon; Pure Neatsfoot OH,
barrels. 63c; cases, 70c; No. 1, barrels. 55c;
cases, 60c; Sperm, crude. 60c: natural white,
40c; bleached white. 4.".c; Whale OH. natural
white, 40c; bleached white, 45c; Pacific Rubber
Mixed Paints, white and house colors, {1 2j@
1!5 per gallon; wagon colors, $202 25 per
ga pETROLEI'M, GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White-Coal Oil, in bulk, 114 c
per gallon; Pearl Oil. In cases, 17c; Astral OH.
17c; Star Oil, 17c; Extra Star Oil. 21c: Elaine
OH. 22c; Eocene Oil. 19c; Deodorized Stove
Gasoline, in bulk. 12^c: in cases, 18c; Benzine,
in bulk, ll%c; cases. 16'4c; 86-degrea Gasoline,
In bulk. 20e: in cases, 25c.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles— 6s. 16
oz. 7%c; 6s. 14 OX, 6'-4c; 6s. 12 oz, 5>.4c ; 6s, 10 oz,
4MiC. Granite (Mining) Candles— 6s, 16 oz, B%iC;
it 14 oz. 7\c; 6s, 12 oz, 7V<c; 6s, 10 oz, 6V4c;
Parafflne Wax Candles— ls, 2s, 4s, 6s, 12s,
white. So: colored, 9c.
WHITE LEAD— at 6-S7C per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 45c; in iron bar
rein. 40c: In wooden barrels. 42c per gallon.
LUCOL — Boiled, barrels, 38c; raw, barrel*.
36c: rases, 5c more.:
QUICKSILVER— S<2 50(g'43 per flash.
LEATHER— SoIe Leather, heavy, 25@2Sc per
lb: do medium, 21*5230: do light, 23@::.c:
Rough Leather, heavy, 24"725 c; do light, 23ig>
24.- Harness Leather, heavy. 30((j36o; do me
dium, 27®30c; do light, 2fVf?2Rc; Collar Leather,
14©150 per foot; Kips, finished, 40®45c per lb;
Veal, finished. E0065c; Calf, finished, 75c@$l;
Side*, finished, 16iffl7c per foot: Belt Knife
Splits. 14'£T16c per lb: Rourh Splits, 8f?10c.
SUGAR— The Western Surar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net each: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c: Powdered, 6^c; Candy
Granulated, Cc; Dry Granulated, 5T4c: Confec
tioners 1 A. EV: Magnolia A. :>%t,c: Extra C.
6%c; Golden C, 5%c; California A. 5%c per lb:
half barrels, Vie more than barrels, and boxes
Vie more.
LUMBKR. ETC.
POSTS— IO@I2c each for No. 1, and 6®Sc for
No. 2.
LUMBER — Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes. Jls f.OT,IS; extra sizes. Wgher;
Redwood, $16f?19 for No. 1 and %WH 18 for No.
2; Lath. 4 feet. $2 150S 25; Pickets, Jls: Shin-
Kles $1 60 for common and $2 50 for fancy;
Shakes, $11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic,
$IS@24.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, Ausrust 9.
Flour, qr nks ... 16.716 I ptraw. tons 25
Barley ctls ...r. 3,430 ' Wool, bales 18
Tallow, ctls 246 Pelts, Mis 90
Butter, ctls 312 Hides, no 651
Potatoes, *ks ... 1.293 Esgs. do* 13,950
Onions, sks »S0 Quicksilver, flsk. 31
Middlings, sks .. 400 feather, rolls ... 72
Hay. tons 614 Wine, gals 35,300
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 816 1 Wheat, ctls 640
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls — ;.. 400t —
THis. STOCK AIAKKiST.
Mining stocks were weak and values were
slightly off.
The Crown Point assessment falls delinquent
In office to-day and the Alta delinquent sa.ie
takes place also.
Ophir has levied an assessment of 15 cents.
The Stock and Bond Exchange Is reaching
out for more sugar business and if sending a
commissioner to Honolulu to arrange for the
listing of more sugar stocks on the Exchange.
It is reported that In the event of the Philip
pine Islands being annexed to this country the
Exchange will also reach out for business In
that direction in order to make San Francisco
the financial center of the islands.
Local securities were moderately active and
values were firm as a rule.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, August 9.-2 p. m.
Bid. Ask.' Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— iMutual El Co. — —
4s quar coup-.m^in^iOakland Gas.. — 62
Is quar reK..,im 2 112VPac Gas Imp.. 87>4 87^
4s quar new. . .127^1284 Pac L Co 49 tSH
Miscellaneous— S F G & E... 8614 87V*
Cal-st Cab 55. 112 — San Fran 3 3>i
Cal El 6s 125 — Btock Gas .... 13 —
C C Wat 55... 99 101 j Insurance —
Dup-st ex c... — 98/4 Flrem's Fund. l9s 205
E L. Sc P 65.. 128 — Bank Stocks—
FACI Ry 65.. 1154 — Anglo-Cal .... 59>4 61
Geary-st R os. 93 100 Bank of Ca1.. 244 247%
H C & S i "-a.. 100 105 Cal S D & T.. 97 98
L A LCo 65.. — 100 'First Nat 200 —
Do gntd 65.. 974100 Lon P & A....128»A —
Markot-st 65.. 1254 — Mer Exchange 14 15
Do Ist M 5b.. 115 — Nev Nat 8....1604 —
Nat Vln 6b lsts — 974 Savings Bank—
NCNO Ry "5.105 — Ger S & L..1550 —
N Ry Cal 65. .109 — Hum S * L.1050 1160
N By Col 65..102H103 Mutual Say. - 42H
NPC R R Ba.UttfclOSM S F Say U.. 485 500
NPC R R 65. 103 10S 3 & L 50.... — 100
X Cal R R 55. 102 102% Security S B. 300 —
Oak Gas 55.... 100 — L'nlon T Co. 1000 —
Do 2d Is 05.. 109 — Street Railroad—
Om Ry 6s 127 127^ California ....106 108
P A O 6s 107 — Geary 40 —
P & Cl Ry 65. 104 104H Market-st 33V4 54
Powell-st 65. ..118 — Presidio 8 —
Reno WL&L..IOO — Powder—
Pae El Rv 65. 100 — California ....130 155
SF& N P 58.1074 — E Dvnamlte... t>s —
BlerraßCal 6s. — 103 Giant Con Co. 48 48V4
5 Pof Ar 65..106»4— Vlgorit 2H I
6 P Cal 6s 110 — Miscellaneous—
SPC Is eg 55.. 95 — Al Pac Ansn.. 95 95^
8 P Br 6s 115V4116V4 Ger Ld \Vks..l2s —
S V Wat 65...115H — Hana P C 0.... 15V4 10%
S V Wat 45... 101% — H C & S Co.. 26 26H
Btock Gas 65.. 100 — Hutch S P Co. 53 53Vl
Water Stocks — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa. — 65 Nat Vln C 0... — 7
Marln Co 60 — Oceanic S Co. 56 67
Spring Valley. 99 9914 Pacific AF A. 14 2*i
Gas & Electric— Pac Bot Co 100 104
Cent Gaslight. 105 — Par Paint Co. 7Vi —
Morning Session.
60 Alaska Peackers' Association 95 00
10 California Safe Deposit 97 00
100 Hnna Plantation Co 15 62V4
1150 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 25 87V4
75 Hutchlnson S P Co 53 00
5 Nevada National Bank 160 00
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 87 00
$10,000 Spring Valley 6s Bonds 119 00
$5000 8 P of A Bonds 108 50
Afternoon Session.
10 Olant Powder Con 48 00
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 25 S7H
3,"0 do do 26 00
25 Spring Valley Water 99 00
5 do do 9D 12H
20 do do 99 25
tWiC, Sprlnp Valley 4s Bonds 102 00
j: m Jo s P of A Bonds 10« 50
$1000 S F & N P Ry Bonds, s 10 107 50
INVESTMENT BOARD. *"
Morning Session.
80 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar JS 75
40 Market-street Railway 63 62Vi
Afternoon Session.
30 Oakland Gas 5150
K5 Hutehtnson 8 P Co 63 00
20 Giant Powder Con 4S 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
JOO Caledonia 18,100 Crown Point ... 08
100 Chollar 18(100 Gould & Curry.. U
100 Con Cal & Va.. 3C: 100 Sierra Nevada.. 48
100 361
Afternoon Session.
JOO Best & Belcher. U|loo Gould & Curry.. 12
200 Con Cal & Va.. 3f. 1W Ophlr 15
Following -were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning; Session.
100 Alta 08H00 Gould & Curry.. 11
}00 07 tOO Ophlr 17
200 Belcher 11500 16
800 Chollar 18 SOO Savage 10
SOO Con Cal & Va.. 35 200 Sierra Nevada.. 60
200 34 400 Silver Hill IB
200 Crown Point ... 08 500 Yellow Jacket... 18
Afternoon Session.
300 Alta 08|100 Gould & Curry.. 13
700 07i2f)0 Ophlr 16
300 Caledonia IS | MM) Overman 05
tOO 17;200Potosl 18
WOCon Cal & Va.. 35 100 Silver Hill 18
200 3*1200 15
CLOSINO QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, August 9-4 P- m
£s&? t. Ask., •>' :• !• ! Bld.Ask.
Alpha 04 06 Julia 05 07
Alia 07 OS Justice §• **
Andes 04 06 Kentuck ....... 05 . . ™
Belcher ........ 11 12 Lady Wash •---_—;"*
Benton Con ... — .12 Mexican }" «
Best & Belcher 13 14 Occidental ' " 17
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr " ii
Caledonia 16 17 Overman w »°
Chollar ......... 16 IS Potosl «"■ 11
Challenge con. — 13 Savage "» _
Confidence 35 —Scorpion «'
Con -Car A Va. 33 35 Seg Belcher ... 03 Oo
! Con Imperial .. - 01 Sierra Nevada. -47 «
i Crown Point ..OS 10 Silver Hill 10 *•'
: Con New York. — 02 Syndicate .....•• - ■ °J
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard 160 l w
i Exchequer — (M Union Con 1] i
■ Gould & Curry. 12 13 Utah ••■■• °« "'
! Hale & Norcrs. 70 -J Yellow Jacket. IS A)
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Company.
In the
Board.
Day of
Sale.
• ■
[ale & Norcross.
avage
hollar
telcher
otosl I
lta
on Cal. & Va...
onfidence
113
05
46
58
60
63
12
30
2S
74
84
46
15
73
..July 12|..Aug. 26i 10
..July 6.. Aug. 20 10
..July 7.. Aug. 23 lo
..July 8|..Aug.23 10
..July 16j..Aug. 30 lo
..July 17,.. Aug. 10 05
..July 18,..Aug. 12 26
..July 22|..Aug. 16 lo
. July 29;.. Sept. 131 05
..Aug. 7|..Aug. 31j 05
..Ai.l. 7,..Aug.29| 10
..Aus- 28i..5»pt.26| 06
..Sept. 4:. .0ct. 20 20
•.Sept. 9 ! ..0ct. .. 15
'tah
town Point
iould & Curry...
ndes
lureka Con
REAL E&TATE TRANSACTIONS.
Jennie A., Louise D. and J. C. Brlckell (ex
ecutors of the estate of John Brtckell) to Or
ville D. Baldwin, lot on E line of Van Ness
avenue ?1:8 N of Pacific street, N 45:10 by E.
137:6; $7330.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to v\ 111
lam L Helke, re-record of 1754 d 276. lot on N
line of Waller street. 30 E of Laguna, E 5 by
N 100; $MO.
William Merz to John R. Altken, lot on E line
of Buchanan street. 96 N of Hayes, N 24 by E
81:3; lots 31 and Si Railroad avenue. Homestead
Association; $1500.
David B. and Amelia Faktor to Henry M.
Wreden lot on W line of Fillmore street, 65:9
S of Fulton. S 34:4^ by W 137:6: $3000.
Margaret O'Brien to William F. O'Brien, lot
on NE corner of Ellis and Pierce streets, E 40
by N 87:6; $1800.
Matilda Langreher (Kell). single, to Marie
Katz, wife of George G. Kati. lot on SW cor
ner of Oak and Shrader streets, W 37:6 by S
100; gift.
Ludwig and Mercedes Arnstelt to Fernando
Nelson, lot on N line of Twenty-fifth street.
SO W of Noe. W 55 by N 114; $10.
Margaretha B. Rehnert to Louise E. Rehnert,
nil interest in lot on N line of Fremont street,
87:6 S of Folsom. W 100 by 6 25: gift.
Euphemla C. Mogan (wife of R. F.) to Mar
garet E. Mellon, lot on NW line of Harrison
street. 400 SW of Third. SW 50, NW 80, NE 20,
NW 80, NE 30, SE 160; $10.
Real Estate and Development Company to
James and Kate Gallagher, lot on W line of
Texas street. 25 S of Nineteenth (Butte) street,
S 25 by W 100; Brant.
Mary A. Daly to Margaret Ryan, lot on N
line of Rutledge avenue. SO E of Alabama
street. E 25 by N 100, Precita Valley lots 204
and 205, $350.
San Francisco Savings Union to Mary G. Ho
gan (wife of Martin C.) lot on N corner of
Eighteenth avenue South (Algeria) and N
street, NW 177:3U, N 10 degrees 12 mln. E
63:11U, S 81 degrees 55 mm.. E 156:2',i, N 2 de
grees, W 88, SE 118, SW 200, block 346, Case
Tract; $10.
Alameda County.
James and Mary O'Sulllvan to Paul Cohen.
lot on W line of Magnolia street. 181:6 S of
West Twenty-third street. S 50 by W 133:3,
being lots 35 and 30. block 446. Briggs Tract,
Map 2. Oakland; $1000.
John P. Hannican to Ellen Hannipan, lot on
E line of Hannah street. 225 S of B street, S
25 by E 133. being subdivision C in lot 4, block
793, Watts Tract. Map 2. Oakland; gift.
Minna and H. A. Kohler to George H. Bar
rett, lot on E corner of East Twenty-third
street and Seventh avenue. SE 150 by NE 150,
block 144, Clinton. East Oakland: $2000.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Zach Ludwig, lot 291 In Plat 14-B, in Moun
tain View Cemetery. Oakland Township; $131.
Jose and Marianna S. Defreitas to Maftupl
Perry, lot on S line of Hatght avenue, 241:6
E from line dividing the Chlpman W. Hl-Aere
Tract and Aughlnbauph 223-Acre Tract. E 30
by S 103.75. being portion Audinbaugh 223-Acre
Tract, Alameda; $.".00.
Emma F. Hawkett to May I. Hawkett, lot
on S line of Ward street. 25.0 W of Fulton. W
40 by S 134:6. block D. Blake Tract, Berkeley;
gift.
Paul Cohen to James and Mary O'Sullivan,
lot on NW line of Peralta avenue, 50 NE of
Belmont street. NE 50 by NW 125. being lots
2S and 29. corrected map of Electric Heights
Tract. Brooklyn Township: $2000.
Hugh Coyle to Mary Coyle, lot on W line of
Harrison street. 203 S of Durant, S 40 by W
150. Oakland; also property In Santa Cruz: gift.
Hyacinth and Margaret Gil to Edward ani
Helen Edwards, lot on NW corner of Kirkham
and West Fourteenth streets. N 110 by W 32.50,
block 683. Oakland; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Dominican Sisters (owners) with Robert
Trost (contractor), architects Shea & Shea.
Carpenter and brickwork, tinning, glazing^
stairs, etc., for a conservatory of music (2
story building), on lot on W line of Guerrero
street, 260 S of Twenty-fourth; $2325.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
1
Tn.
1
I
IT
23
n
I
M«on'« PhMWM.
is
B
10
jit;
IT
15
n
(Oi Fall Moot.
vi/ Aoguat 1.
Auyngrta
Q-- Auruet 17.
-TxJf'im Quarter.
4C . August U
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the name at both places.
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 10.
rises 5:21
sets 7:09
t rlges 11:54 p. m.
l::
2.:
3:
3:-
4:
|:<
| 7:41
I 5:12
10:04
10:40
11:07
11:30
| 11:51
3.
1.1
3.:
4.
4.
4.1
4.
Ill:
! 12::
1:
2:
3:
5:47
6:45
7:40
S:3l
5.17
10:01
10:42
6.0
5.0
5.0
5.0
5.0
5.2
5.2
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
threa tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
cilumDia I
•alia Wa11a.... [
rlzaba '
uracao I
omer
rescent City...
Vlllngton
;otla
'lllamette. !
acklnaw I
lllanoe
inta Rosa
illkat
Portland
Victoria & Puget Sound
Humboldt
Mexloo
Newport
Crescent City
Departure Bay
Humboldt
Seattle
iTacoma
Seattle ....•.]
San Diego ...V..;.
Humboldt .;
Xanaimo ;......
Aug. 10
Aug. 10
Aug. 10
Aug. 10
Aug. 11
Aug. 11
Aug. 11
Aug. 11
Aug. 12
Aug. 12
Aug. 12
Aug. 13
Aug. 13
Aug. 14
Aug. 15
Aug. 15
Aug. IS
Aug. IB
Aug. 15
Aug. 17
Aug. 17
Aug. 17
am
)os Bay
I Newport
>
[Portland |
Victoria & Puget Sound
Manila
matui.i
Ity of Sydney. 1
rcata '
Coos Bay
e~~ t\i ~
timona
lenfarg i
uftralla \.
San Diego
!China and Japan
iManlla
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Pier.
«_..;
<
a....!
X .... 1
II
-ll It
jla .. ]
China Japan!
[Huniboldt ....
Vie & Pgt Sd.
Han DieKO ..
Humboldt ....
iney
>8 Bay
> Dlsgo
mboldt ....
itt1e. ........
•tland !
wport
Aug. 10. 10 pmjPler '
Auk. 10. 10 am PiPr 1.
Aug. 11. 11 am Pter II
Auk. 12. 10 am; Pier i
iAug. 12. 5 pm I Pier '.
Aug. 13, 10 am; Pier i:
lAug. 13. 9 amiFler 11
jAug. 13. 1 pmiPMSS
Aug. 13. i pmjPter ■
Aug. 14. 10 am I Pier !
Aug. 15, 11 aTn Pter 1!
Aug. 15. ft am Pier i:
Aug. 17. 9 nmiPler 1
Aug. 18. lOomjPler 11
U
r* .. 1
ilia Wall!
ita Rosaj
lkat
>b Bay... |
INewport
IPortland |
ite of '
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographle
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without rejerd to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to , navigation and all matters
•of : interest to ocean commerce. . ,
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry^
building, 1 at the foot of Market street, is hoisted ~
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare. Island.. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
In the morning papers the f " no £ in £. d, a>
t.HAK P. WSLtn,
Ensign (retired). U. S. N., In charge.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydropraphic Office. XT. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, August
9 1898 ' ■ ; ' '■■
The time ball on the tower of th« new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon t , !ay
1 c at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at i
p. m. Greenwich meantime. p WELCH
Ensign (retired). U. S. N.. In charge.
SHIFPI><* INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, August 9.
Stmr Areata. Reed. 50 hours from Coos Bay.
via Port Orford 41 hours. CO* hours f rom San "
Stmr Pomona. Debney. 60* hours from San
D efmn- Ruth Strand. 24 hours from Eureka.
Austrian g'tmr Burma. Mikuliclch, 84 hours
fr p,Trk N n G Burgess. Youngren. 30 days from
H Ul Aloha, Jorgenson, 17 hours from Fort
B Schr' La Chilena, Matsen. 10 hours.from Fort
R Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen. 60 hours from
C s q chrW R nd V er r -BrothersVwetz e l. 20 hours from
Bowens Landing. ■
CLEARED.
Tuesday, August 9.
Br stmr Ningchow, Cross. Comox; Welch & «
C Bark Annie Johnson, Matsen. Hllo; J D
Spreckcls &Bros Co. Unga; Apollo Con Mln-
Schr Norma. Larsen. Unga; Apollo Con aim-
Ing Co. »
SAILEIX
Tuesday. August 9.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz and Port
Stmr Queen, Jepsen, Victoria and .rort
Stmr Cleone, Miller, Point Arena.
Ptmr Whltesboro, Johnson.
Ship Eclipse. Petterson Seattle.
Bark Annie Johnson. Mat son. Hllo.
Brig Courtney Ford. Murchisor -.Eureka.
Sen? Vega. Rasmursen. Port Blakeley. .
Schr Muriel. Carlsen. Puget Sound.
Schr Mary Etta. Nyman. Bowens Landing
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall. San Pedro.
Schr Nettle Low. Low. Point Reyes.
Stmr Chilkat. Anderson, Eureka.
RETURNED.
Tuesday, August 9.
Stmr Signal. Bendegaard, hence July 25, for
Grays Harbor, returned on account of break
in? crankpin August 2. 15 miles west of Cape
Fairweather. Returned to port unde ■sa 1 ami
was taken In tow on the bar by the tug Sea.
K1 " TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Auk 9—lo p. m.— "Weather,
thick; wind SW; velocity, 12 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Eclipse loads coal at Seattle for this
port; Veritas. lumber at Chemalnus for Mel
bourne; Windsbraut. wheat or flour at Port
land for Europe, 37s 6d.
SPOKEN.
Per Levl G Burgess— Aug 7— Lat 37 40 N. long
128 24 W. bktn Newsboy, from Tacoma, for
P Ju t lj^ l 16 l^Lat 11 S. long 35 W. Br ship G W
Wolff, from London, for San Diego.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Aug 9— Stmr Fulton, for
Seattle: stmr George W Elder, for Dyea.
ST MICHAEL-Sailed July • Schr Chetco,
for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug 9— Bktn
Portland, from Karluk.
VENTURA— Aug 9— Stmr Geo Looml.s,
for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— Aug 9— Schr
Newark, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Aug 9— Brk Ed
ward May. from Vladivostock.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Aug Stmr Co
qullle River, hence Aug 8.
VENTURA— Arrived Aug 9— Stmr Geo Loomis
hence Aug 8.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Aug s— Schr Roy
Somers hence July 17.
TATOOSH— Passed Aug 9— Br stmr Welling
ton, from Nanaimo, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed Aug 9— Stmr Orizaba, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Aug 9— Stmr Santa Cruz,
j for San Francisco.
i Arrived Aug B—Stmr8 — Stmr -Czarina, hence Aug 5.
PORT BLAKELEY— Aug 9-Schr Me
teor, from San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Aug 9— Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
1 NEW YORK— Sailed Aug B— Haw bark Nu
j nanu, for Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FA LMOUTH— Arrived Aug 9— Br ship St
I Enoch, from Oregon; Br ship Romanoff, from
Oregon.
YOKOHAMA— Aug 7— Br stmr Co
lumbia: from Tacoma. •.»-■• :.-' :-•.
DUNKlßK— Arrived Aug 7— Br ship Alice A
Leigh, from Tacoma.
FALMOUTH— Aug 7— Br ship Dunner-
BEACHY HEAD— Passed Aug 7— Br ship Ol
ive Bank, from Newcastle, Eng, for San Fran
cisco.'
FALMOUTH — Sailed Aug 7— Br ship Lord
Shaftesbury. for Antwerp.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 9— Stmr Ocean.
from Amsterdam.
Sailed Aug — Stmr Lahn. for Bremen.
BALTIMORE— Arrived Aug Stmr Munchen -
from Bremen.
FATAL — Arrived Aug 9— Stmr Peninsular,
from New York, for Lisbon.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug 9— Stmr Teu
tonic, for New York.
OCEA2T XSATfiL
I
PL £ Auckland for Sydney
tiVMMIISr 53119 vla Honolulu and
rfc™ "^ Auckland for Sydney
■ — s. Wednesday. August 19,
(Jj/,.1;,, /\ at 10 p. m.
OMMfIISnD' 1 ' L!n9 to cooloar-
Q^ff"'f "tj,- DIE. Australia, and
' @HP3kH* CAPB tow N. South
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Market St., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
h^ ' Steamers leave Broadway
stjS*^^ wharf, San Francisco:
IMIVSPM- For Alas 1 . - ports, 10 a. m..
H»Q3l|k August 4, 9. 14. 19. 24, 29. Sept 3.
i r&JE 9 t&Ea transfer at Seattle.
nf***«sa>l x&! F" 01 " Alaskan ports (from .
' RwlWrTt^ni Spear-street wharf). 10 a. m..
f^^3|gfc\£g« August 3, 23. transfer at Port-
■"* For Victr :a. Vancouver. (B.
C. % Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma. Everett.
Anacortes . and New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a.
m.. August. 4. 9. 14. 19. 24. 29. Sept 3. and every
fifth day thereafter, ejecting at Seattle with
this company' Bs.steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry.. at Tacoma wit- N. P. Ry., at Vancouver
For Eureka "(Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m. Aug.
6, 12. 18. 24. 30. Sept 5 and every sixth day
thereafter. ■
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayueos Port Harford. , (San Luis Oblspo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. ' Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Aug. 1. 5. 9 13. 17 21. 23. 29,
Sept 2 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo) Santa Barbara. Port
Lob Angeles and Redondo tLos Angeles), 11 a.
m Aug. 3 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27. 31. Sept. 4, and
every fourth day thereafter. __-_-_
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del •
Cabo. Maxatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. ISth of
every month.
For further Information obtain folder. . > _^^
The company reserves the right to • changer
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ar>^ hmiri of paWns-.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
UOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market st San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m. " -
CADCSI2 First Class Includlnjr Berths
IAIIL. $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: =.-.-'
Columbia ......Aug. 3. 13. 23. Sent. 2
State of California. July 30, Aug. 8. 18. 28, Sept. 7
St. Paul .......416 001 St. Louis ....» $32 00
Kansas City .. . . ?f> 00 Chicago 24 110
Omaha 26 00! New York 3100
E. C. WARD, General Agent. .
: 630 Market ! St.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents. ■'- :
Compagnle Generate Transatl antique. •
•French Line to Havre. • •
Company's Pier (new), ;42 North -r^ryi»-
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <CxiS^
by this line avoid both transit by •3"«'&4=3*
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class. 1140;
second : class. 116.
LA NOUMANPIE ...Aug. 20. 11 a. m.
LA QASCOQNE Aug. 27. 10 a. m.
LATOURAINE Sept. 3. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE Sept. 10, 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE... Sept. 24, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to • ,
COWPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent. _ .
No. S Bowling Green. New York.
J. F, FITGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., ■ San Francisco. . ■ ■'
FOB U. S. HAYY-YARD AND VALLEJD. 4
Stoamar "Montiealle."
M0n...Tue8.. ; Wed.. Thurs. and Sat ;...
9:48 a. m.. S:l5 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Th»Jr«.)
Fridays ..............1 p. m. ap3 8:30 p. -n.
Eundav .v. . ' ...A<":SO a. m. and Bp. tn.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock, Pier i.
• TeUphon* Red 2241.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
HE HAS BUT
ONE REGRET
Cheeseman Gives Proof
of His Depravity.
WANTED TO MURDER THREE
HIS LOVE FOR ETTA TURNS TO
BITTER HATRED.
Hopes Blood Poisoning May Set m
and Yet Cause the Death of the
Young Girl — An Inhu
man Wretch.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 8.
Frank Cheeseman, the man who mur
dered Henry Brooka last night and at
tempted to kill his wife and stepdaughter,
gives evidence of being one of the most
depraved of opium fiends. He shows no
signs of mania, but he persists in stating
rrow that he did not kill them all
an<3 expresses his partial satisfaction that
he did at least murder the father.
"My only regret is," said the murderer
to-day, through the wicket of his cell,
"that I did not make a better job of it. I
Intended to kill them all and if Eita has
got off It is not my fault. I shot to kill
her. For some time we have been friends
and she finally took a dislike to me be
cause of some other fellow, and if I could
find him I would kill him, too. I made
up my mind to kill the whole crowd when
I went to the house. Brooke once had
me arrested for disturbing the peace, and
he took a shot at me, but he will not oo
any more shooting. I am not at all
troubled over this affair, except that I did
not kill the whole outiit.l don't care what
will become of me and they can hang n;e
If they want to."
The occasion on which Brooke took a
shot at Cheeseman occurred at Elmhur^t
a few months ago. Cheeseman called at
the house to go walking with Miss Payne,
but Brooke was at home and when he suw
Cheeseman prowling aruund he stepped
to the door and took a shot at him.
■ •man made himself scarce until the
next evening, when he again returned and
to force an entrance to the |
house. On this occasion Brooke went
down town and swore to a warrant charg
ing Cheeseman with disturbing the peace.
Brooke .did not appear against him and
the desperate lover was released. On one
occasion it Is stated that Etta and
Cheeseman went away for a whole week.
The murderer Is known to be a heavy
drinker and a cigarette riend. He is not
fond of- work, and has gained a character
of being a general loafer.
The .wound of Miss Etta Payne, while
troublesome,- is not serious, and Uriels
some unlooked for trouble arises she will
recover in a few weeks.
Coroner Baldwin will hold the inquest
on the murdered man to-morrow night
Cheeseman^s father called at the City
to-day .and said that he had no
money to hire attorneys to defend his son.
[id that the boy was ail right except
■when opposed. He also showed the Chief
of Police 1 the discharge of his son from
'.'kiah Asylum, dated June 30, 1891
When told to-day that Miss Payne
almost certainly recover the mur
derer said he was- sorry and that he hoped j
poisoning would set in and yet
cause her death. Mrs. Brooke is the sis- >
Mr. Miller, a large cattle owner
In Oregon.
Oakland's Water Front Suit.
OAKLAND. Aug. 9.— The case of the
city of ' lakland against the Oakland Wa
ter Front Company promises to drag
along- for some time to come. The case
•• turned before Judge Ogden this
THE STEAMER
SIGNAL SAFE
Returned Because of a
Broken Crank Pin.
SUICIDE FROM THE NEWARK
AN UNKNOWN YOUTH JUMPS
FROM THE VESSEL.
"United States Steam«r Albatross Or
dered to San Jose de Guate
. mala on Account of the
• • Civil War There.
The Bteam schooner Signal arrived in
port- yesterday in tow of the tug Sea
King. She left here on July 29 for Grays
Harbor and was supposed. to have been
Wrecked owing to the fact that some
boxes bearing her marks had been washed
ashore. ■ When sixty-five miles south of
the Columbia River the Signal broke a
crankpin and as the wind was favorable
for a return to San Francisco the captain
pat her about. She arrived off the harbor
and anchored on the bar Monday night.
Captain Marshall of the Sea King ran
"across her. ln the fog yesterday morning
and- brought. her in. There were over fifty
mlllhands oh the Signal bound for Grays
Harbor and they were all delighted at get
ting a few more days ashore in San Fran
cisco. . _
■An unknown youth jumped overboard
from, the ferry steamer Newark on tea
iiKt a. m. trip from Oakland yesterday,
lie' was Bt£ 4dtaS on the upper deck on the
,;ori si«i- forward when he took the fatal
/plunge. A -woman saw him and raised
.the'alarm. Captain Rogers saw him as
'■_,* passed astern and . t once reversed the
steamers ; .ginea. /. boat was lowered,
fe.ut no tracf of the suicide could be found.
•■Captain Rogers and the woman both say
the youth was apparently about 18 years
aid and was fairly well dressed. One of
••the' deckhands saw the young man in the
water but thought it was a bundle of
.eTothes until the body rolled over and
•then he Haw the face. Life then seemed
to be extinct and the chances are that the
body was struck by the paddle wheel as
ft- passed under the steamer.
The United States steamer Albatross
sails to-day for San Jose de Guatemala.
• The. civil war now raging in Guatemala
.requires the presence of a United States
warship, and the Albatross is the near
est- approach to that article that can be
spared. Small af phi? is, her crew is quite
equal- to upholding the dignity of the
■stars .and stripes, should the necessity
• The coast survey steamer G*-dney sailed
yesterday for the Oregon coast, where
she will put in a month's work survey
ing in the vicinity of Coos Bay.
J. R. Swift, a recruit for Campany D,
First "Washington Volunteers, complained
■to the Harbor Police yesterday that he
had- been overcharged by the Union
Transfer Company. When Swift arrived
here he contracted with the transfer man
to have his trunk taken to the Presidio
for BO cents, but before the trunk was
handed over the transfer man demanded
and got $2. Captain Dunleavy will in
vestigate the matter.
. Very comfortable quarters have been
provided on the /steamer Mariposa for
afternoon. Henry Maloon, who was on
the stand when the case was last before
the court, was recalled, and testified to
the fact of vessels landing at the foot
of Market street at Surrhyne's wharf in
the sixties. The remainder of the after
noon was occupied with Witness H. D.
Hougham, who testified to practically the
same facts. He also testified that it was
generally rumored in the early days that
the Washington-street wharf was claim
ed by Carpentier, but that it was at the
same time contended that it belonged to
OaklarTd. The case goes on again to
morrow morning.
BAPTISTS IN SESSION.
Pacific Coast Representatives Meet
and Discuss Educational Matters.
OAKLAND, Aug. 9.— The Baptists of
the Pacific Coast met to-day at the Au
ditorium of the Y. M. C. A. building in
educational conference. Seventy-five rep
resentatives were present. The meeting
opened this morning, when Rev. C. A.
Wooddy, editor of the Pacific Baptist,
presented an exhaustive paper entitled
"Our Field; Geographical and Statistical
Survey; the Educational Situation."
At the afternoon session a discussicn
was had on the subject of "Collegiate
Education— Should We Attempt It at
Present or in the Near Future"? Presi
dent T. G. Brownson, of California Col
lege, led the discussion in a ringing
speech in which he advocated the main
tenance of but two Baptist educational
institutions — one here and the other at
McMinnville, Ore. These ho claimed would
accommodate the entire coast. The ses
sion will close to-morrow night.
Rogers to Plead Insanity.
OAKLAND, Aug. 9.— The trial of Wil
liam P. Rogers of Nevada County,
charged with assault to murder, was
commenced in Judge Ellsworth's court
this morning. On March 9 last Rogers
came down on the overland from Grass
Valley in company with his brother-in
law, W. H. Weeks. The two had pre
viously quarreled over the division of
property left by Mrs. Weeks, and Rogers
was angered because he thought Weeks
intended to deprive him of his sister's
share, which she willed to him. and while
on the train Rogers is alleged to have
attacked Weeks with a knife. The de
fense's line of action was revealed on
the examination of jurors to-day when
the question was asked: "Have you any
prejudice against the insanity plea?" The
attorneys afterward stated that this
would be the line of defense.
A Motorman's Rights.
OAKLAND. Aug. it.— The case of R. H.
Hunter, a former motorman on the Cen
tral avenue line, against the Oakland
Transit Company to recover $25 which he
put up to secure his position originally,
was on In Justice Wood's court to-day
and it Is likely to turn out a test case.
Hunter was in an accident June 8. and
the company had to pay $150 damages to
a passenger. The company wanted him
to put up part of the amount on the
ground that he had neglected his duties.
This Hunter refused to do, and on his
discharge demanded his $25. The com
pany objected and Hunter brought suit.
Y. W. C. A. Conference.
OAKLAND, Aug. 9. — The Toung
Women's Christian Association of the
University of California will hold a three
days' conference at Stiles Hall, In Berke
ley, beginning at noon on Wednesday,
August 10. and closing at noon on Satur
day, August 14. Morning sessions begin
at 8:30 o'clock and those in the afternoon
at 1:30; evening addresses at 7:30. AH col
lege women and those who intend enter-
Ing college this year are cordially invited
to attend the conference. Delegates from
many of the outside schools and colleges
are expected.
Death of R. W. Edwards.
OAKLAND. Aug. 9.— R. W. Edwards,
the •well-known jeweler and a pioneer.
died at his country home, Inverness.
Marin County, this morning. Several days
ago deceased suffered a stroke of paral
ysis, and this morning a stroke or apo
plexy carried him off. Deceased was a
native of England, aged 67 years, and
leaves a widow, three married daughters
and a son. The family resides at 1054
Twelfth street.
Tunnel Road Fund.
OAKLAND, Aug. 9.— The tunnel com
mittee of the Board of Trade met last
night and decided to commence on Sep
tember 1 to solicit subscriptions for the
tunnel fund. The amount raised at the
race track benefit has been placed in de
posit, and it is expected that there will
also be a tunnel benefit during the Oak
land exposition. Greatest hopes are felt
that funds will be available to begin
work this fall.
Company E and one officer and forty-four
men of Company D. New York Volun
teers. The vessel will not get away until
10 p. m., owing to a delay in the arrival
of the English mail from New York.
Three vessels that left the East for the
Klondike from five to six months ago are
still on the way. The bark Agate, now
out 174 days from New York, was last
heard of in Montevideo on May 2. Per
haps, like the men on the schooner Stow
'll Sherman, they are stranded and can
not get any further. The schooner Ac
•uea, now out 165 days from New lork,
was at Buenos Ayres on May 6, and the
Mildred E. now out 153 days from Bos
ton, has not been spoken since the day
she sailed.
CRICKETERS PROTEST.
Association Disapproves of Teams
Being Organized by Insubor
dinate Players.
At a meeting of the California Cricket
Association held yesterday morning at
the office of the secretary, 508 Mont
gomery street, the following were pres
ent: Edward Brown, president of the as
sociation in the chair; Arthur Inkersley,
secretary; Delegates R. B. Hogue and
Henry Ward of the Alameda Club and
George Theobald of the Pacific Club. G.
Theobald, Henry Ward and Arthur In
kersley were appointed a committee to
•draw up a set of resolutions relative to
the recent death of A. E. Coates, one of
the vice-presidents of the association,
copies of which are to be forwarded to
Mrs. Coates, the widow, and to the Placer
County Cricket Club, of which A. E.
j Coates was captain from 1892 to 1896.
With regard to tne prizes offered by
I Messrs. Burnell & Co. for the best two
I batting averages and the best bowling
j average obtained in association matches
I during the present season, it was decided
that, in order to \>e. eligible as com
petitors, members of the city clubs must
have played in not fewer than live
matches and members of country clubs in
not fewer than three matches, held under
the auspices of the association. The
match played at Penryn on May 29 by a
team styled the Alameda Wanderers
against the Placer County eleven, and the
matches to be played during the month of
October by the visiting cricketers from
Placer County, were held to be matches
"played under the auspices of the asso
ciation."
Reference being made to a proposed
match between the Alameda Cricket Club
and a team to be organized by a certain
insubordinate member of the Pacific
Cricket Club, to be played on an open
date, on the association schedule, it was
decided that the permission of the asso
ciation would not be granted to the Ala
meda Club to take part in such a game.
The Banks and Insurance team for the
match to be played on August 21 on the
Golden Gate ground will be made up by
George Theobajd and the All Comers
eleven will be gathered together by R. B.
Hogue.
The secretary of the association has
communicated with the secretary of the
Pacific Cricket Club at Honolulu with
reference to the proposed visit to this
State of an eleven from the Hawaiian
Islands.
A California Whistler.
The many friends of Miss Cordie Wet
jen, who in the past has won the admi
ration of thousands who have heard her
whistling solos, have tendered her a fare
well benefit, which will .take place to
morrow evening in the Young Mf-n's
Christian Association Auditorium. The
vountr lady, who has been christened
"Our California Whistler " will favor the
audience with several choice selections.
A Wrestling Bout.
Gus Miller, 122 Taylor street, engaged
In a wrestling bout with Joe, the wres
tler, in a saloon on Taylor and Turk
streets early yesterday morning. Joe was
thrown three times, but in the fourth
Miller struck the floor with such force
as to break both bones of his left arm.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where the injured arm was attended to.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 10, 1898.
WILL RUIN
A PAVEMENT
City Council to Act on
East Twelfth Street.
HAYWARDS ROAD OBJECTS
STRONG RESOLUTIONS HAVE
BEEN PREPARED.
City Attorney to Take Legal Steps
to Compel the Company to
Make Desired Improve
ments.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 9.
A question of the greatest importance
regarding the condition of streets is to be
brought up at the meeting of the City
Council next Monday night. The Hay
wards electric road has expressed its in
tention not to be forced to pave the por
j tion of the road which it must keep in
i order in the same manner as the rest of
| the highway, and much bitterness has re
! suited. FoY twenty years East Twelfth
! street has been the only thoroughfare be
tween Oakland and East Oakland, and it
has been notorious that for over ten years
it has been the worst road in the city.
After a long effort a special appropria
tion of nearly a hundred thousand dollars
was made by the City Council to pave the
whole of this street with wooden blocks
laid on a deep concrete foundation. The
work has now been almost completed and
the thoroughfare is without doubt one of
the best in the State.
There is a portion of the street over
which the Haywards road has a franchi.-so"
and the company has declined to obey the
instructions of the Superintendent of
streets to place blocks between their
tracks and the edge of the pavement laid
by the city.
City Attorney Dow has prepared a reso
lution which will be acted upon at the
next meeting of the Council. It is as fol
lows:
Whereas, The Oakland, San Leandro and
Haywards Electric Railway, consolidated, has
refused to pave that portion of : East Twelfth
street lying between Its rails and within two
feet on each side thereof, and between its
tracks from the westerly line of First avenue
to the westerly line of Third avenue; and
Whereas, The remainder in width of said
East Twelfth street between the said lines has
recently been paved with wooden blocks at a
great expense to the city of Oakland and to
the property fronting thereon; and
Whereas, , The absence of block pavement or
pavement equally substantial on said portion
of said Street between the lines mentioned will
seriously Interfere with public travel and will
cause the total destruction of the said pave
ment already laid; and
Whereas, The said railway company Is re
quired by law and by Its franchise to keep In
order and repair and to pave with the same
or equally substantial pavement that portion
of East Twelfth street lying between its rails
and within two feet on each side thereof and
between Its tracks, from said westerly line of
First avenue to said westerly line of Third
avenue; it is therefore
■ Resolved, That this Council does hereby con
demn the said action . of said street railway
company In refusing to construct the aforesaid
pavement, and does hereby characterize said
action as a manifestation of said company's
hostility to the city's welfare, improvement
and progress, and as evidence of its desire to
escape its lawful and Just burdens; and be it
further
Resolved, That the City Attorney prepare
and present, to this Council such ordinances
and resolutions and institute such legal pro
ceedings as will compel said company to make
said repairs and .improvements.
George Woodsum's Estate.
OAKLAND. Aug. 9.— Ellen E. Wood
sum han petitioned for letters of adminis
tration on the estate of her late husband,
George C. Woodsum, a victim of the Mcl
ENLARGED THE
UNIVERSITY
The Regents Control the
Medical Department.
MAY ABOLISH FEE SYSTEM
THE WILMERDING SCHOOL OF
INDUSTRIAL ARTS.
Definite Action Will Be Taken in
September Regarding This
Institution — New Ap
pointments.
The status of the medical department,
University of California, was fixed defi
nitely at the meeting of the regents, at
the Hopkins Institute of Art yesterday. It
was determined that the regents assume
full control of the department, such as
they exercise over every other branch of
work of the great educational institution.
Regent Reinstein introduced the mat
ter on the report of a special committee
appointed to determine the legal status
of the matter. It was shown that the
department, although in the past a sep
arate institution, was as much a part of
the university as any other. Mr. Rein
stein held that it was best for all con
cerned that such action be taken. The
medical faculty has asked that full con
trol be assumed on the ground that the
regents are better equipped to direct its
workings than is the faculty itself. It
was desired to build up that branch of
tl The V college of medicine is now conduct
ed under the fee system, the ultimate
resin t of the action of the regents ac
cording to those in authority, will be to
Sn »wav with this. The maintenance
of the college will then be provided for
in the appropriation as are the other de-
Dartment£ The dedicatory exercises were
nostpWd until October. It was pur
posed originally to hold them next week.
A S Hallidie presented an exhaustive
r^nort'on trade schools in relation with
the Wilmerding School of Industrial Arts
H> has visited all the noted trade and
manual training schools in America and
Secured a fund of information. Consider
ation of the report was postponed to the
next meeting, although opposed by E. A.
Denicke on the ground that the boys for
whom the school was provided would be
grandfathers before it was ready for
use. It will be made the special order
Of The lS lof S purchased for the school has
been neglected and Regent J. D. Phelan
was instructed to have the necessary
work done to make it ready for build-
A number of changes were made in the
university staff for the fall term, open
ing next* Monday.
J H Barber was transferred from the
Santa Monica forestry station to that at
Paso Robles. Charles E. Colman was
made manager at Santa Monica.
R M Hathaway was made assistant
in mathematics, vice P. E. Ross, resigned.
T'non recommendation of Professor
Merrill R. M. Husband was appointed as
sistant in Latin.
A. A. Lawson was made assistant in
botanical labratory. _,___.
T. W. Page, formerly of Randolph Ma
rose explosion. The estate consists of a
half interest In the wood and coal firm
of Woodsum Bros.. Berkeley, 1500, and
real estate, estimated value $1300. The
heirs are the widow and two children,
George E., aged 11 years, and Alice M.,
aged nine years.
Streitberger's Two Wills.
OAKLAND, Aug. 9.— There promises to
be a contest over the $200,000 estate of
Christoph Streitberger, who died at
Berkeley. Streitberger left two wills.
The heirs in each are the same, but the
executors are different and about this
point litigation is expected to arise. Ihe
probate of the will filed will come up next
X Walsh Is to Be Divorced.
OAKLAND, Aug. 9.— Martin Walsh the
politician, has been sued by his wife, Mar
garet, for a divorce. Statutory grounds
are alleged, and as there is considerable
property the suit may provoke a bitter
contest.
Stolen Wheel Recovered.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 9.— The chainless bi
cycle which was stolen some time ago
from the residence of R. B. Mitchell in
this city has been reepvered in San Jose.
A fellow named John Miller was arrested
for burglary and in his possession was
found a wheel which he had asked per
mission of the officers to send to a cyclery
for repairs. This was granted, but the
proprietor of the establishment was in re
ceipt of a card from Chief of Police Rog
ers of this city", giving the number and
description of the stolen wheel. He re
cognized it and notified the Alameda of
ficers. Miller will probably be brought
back here for trial.
Christian Endeavor Union.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 9.— The annual meet
ing of the Alameda Christian Endeavor
Union was held last evening. Notice was
received from the Christian Endeavor
Union of the First M. E. Church that the
name had been changed to the Epworth
League. The following officers were then
elected and installed for the ensuing year:
President, A. B. Wastell; first vice-presi
dent, Ira Sanford; second vice-president,
Mrs. J. P. Potter; recording secretary,
Miss Elizabeth Chapman; corresponding
secretary, M. Hughes; treasurer, Robert
S. Priest; junior superintendent. Miss E.
D. Arnold; assistant junior superintend
ent, Miss Mabel Chorley.
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 9.— The friends of W.
R. Davis are holding a mass meeting at.
Linderman Hall this evening, with brass
band accompaniments and prominent
speakers.
The friends of Congressman Hilborn are
making a very active canvass for him in
this city, and report encouraging prog
ress. They claim to be confident of car
rying the primaries here.
Letters have been received from the El
Sueno party, which went from here to St.
Michael last fall and wintered there. They
were to have left on the 20th to go up the
Yukon. All were well and hopeful.
Five Boys Arrested.
BERKELEY, Aug. 9.— Kwong Chung, a
i laundryman on the corner of Shattuck
avenue and Parker street, has caused the
I arrest of five boys living in the neighbor
' hood. Kwong claims that he has put up
! with having his windows smashed and
' other malicious destruction of property
! for several years. But this abuse has
I lately turned into .personal violence, and
i the Mongolian has resolved upon system
! atic vengeance. Or August 2 he was
1 struck by a stone which broke his jaw
i and knocked out three lower t:eth.
He at once swore out warrants for the
i arrest of all the boys whose names he
i happened to know, and Deputy Constable
! Brandes has been busy escorting the pris
oners to the County Jail. Will Connelly
1 is charged with battery. It is claimed
: that he- is responsible for the stone that
I did the mischief. Patrick Allen and Otto
■ Schroeder will have to answer for dis
turbing the peace. Will Johnson and Joe
McEwen i.aye to clear themselves from
the charge of malicious mischief. All the
I prisoners are not more than 18 years of
! age. More arrests are to follow.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Aug. 9.— At the regular
meeting of the Board of Trustees, held
last night, the report of the committee on
Band water, in favor of establishing
re alarm system, was rejected by a
of four to three,
c Junior class of the Berkeley High
>ol elected officers yesterday as fol
i: President, James Whitman, vice
ldent. Miss Overman; secretary. Miss
s, and treasurer. Miss Celsa Carnal,
•s. Sarah Ann Phelps died at her
c last night, on Grove street, between
; and Cedar. ' Sbe was 43 years of
a^re and a native of Massachusetts.
con College, was appointed instructor in
history and economics at a salary of
HGOO per annum.
A. L. Jordan resigned as instructor in
physics and President Kellogg was in
structed to fill the vacancy before the
meeting of the regents In September.
C. R. Weymouth was made assistant in
mechanics, vice S. A. Morse, resigned.
John A. Roland was appointed reader
in Greek.
S. D. Townlee was made instructor in
practical astronomy, vice F. M. Sears, re
signed.
R. T. Crawford resigned as assistant In
astronomy to accept a position at Lick
Observatory.
J. Kuno was allowed one-half of Mr.
Crawford's salary to act as students' as
sistant. Frank E. Frey was allowed the
remainder and $25 additional as instruc
tor in civil engineering. This was made
necessary by the increased work required
of Professor Soule, owing to the absence
in Manila of Lieutenant Sydney A. Clo
man. The latter had charge of the mil
itary work at the university.
The Lick Observatory committee report
ed the following increase of salaries: W.
J. Hussey and R. H. Tucker from $2000
to $2200 per annum, and C. D. Perrine
from $1300 to $1500.
Pablo Sanchez applied for the position
of professor in Spanish. The matter de
veloped considerable discussion. Regent
Foote and others held that owing to our
trade relations with foreign countries
Spanish was the most important of the
languages to this coast. The matter
was finally left with President Kellogg.
Regent Slack presented a resolution of
regret and sympathy for the family of
Adolph Sutro upon his death. The re
gents spoke feelingly of the aid Mr. Su
tro had extended the university.
ENTRIES FOR ASTORIA'S
REGATTA CLOSE TO-DAY
ALAMEDA AND SOUTH END
CREWS WILL RACE.
Dennis, Pape and Other Skiffmen
Will Bow on the Columbia
River.
S. J. Pembroke, the member of the re
gatta committee of the Pacific Athletic
Association to whom was Intrusted the
task of making arrangements for San
Francisco oarsmen to take part In the
Astoria regatta on the 19th, 20th and 22d
of this month, has received a telegram
from W. L. Kobb. the secretary of the
regatta, In which the request is made that
the boats and as many of the oarsmen as
possible be sent to Astoria on the steamer
leaving this city on the' 13th. The rest of
the oarsmen will journey to Astoria on
the cars, arriving a day or two before
the regatta begins.
Possibly a barge crew from the Dolphin
club may enter the regatta, but public
Interest will be centered in the race be
tween the senior barge crew of the Ala
meda Boat Club and the South End Rac
ing Club's "midgets." The Alameda four
Is made up of E. B. Adcock (bow), W. G.
Hansen (No. 2), A. C. Webb (No. 3), F.
W. Ayers ( stroke) and E. V. Hansen
(cockswain). Possibly S. J. Pembroke
may go with the crew as coach. The
South End "midgets" are: Gus Carson
(bow), Robert McArthur (No. 2K George
Bates (No. 3) and Frank Duplissea
(stroke).
It Is probable that Dr. C. C. Dennis, if
he can nave the use of Phelan's skiff, will
enter the skin* race, and that A. W. Pape
wil go if he can secure the loan of the
skiff belonging to the Triton Boat Club.
F. Wilson of the Arlels is looking around
for a suitable skiff, and there is talk of
H. Wittkopf of the same club entering
the shell race. C. Ochs will renresent the
Pioneers and F, Avers the Alamedas in
the skiff race. F. Duplissea of the South
Ends may row In the single shell race.
J. Foley of the South Ends will visit As
toria during the regatta, but will not take
part in it. The South End "midgets" are
going out dally for practice, and will put
forth their greatest efforts to win the
SCHOOL UNDER
A BIG TREE
Teachers in Opposition
at Claremont.
PARENTS OPPOSE POLITICS
ONLY SEVEN CHILDREN NOW IN
THE PUBLIC SCHOOL.
The Whipping of a Boy Has Resulted
in an Organized Fight Against
the Trustees — Two Sides
of the Question.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 9.
The trouble at the Claremont School
has become a pitched battle. Miss Minnie
Gerow, the schoolteacher who was
dropped by the Trustees, has erected a
tent under a spreading tree not far from
the schoolhouse, and Is teaching all the
little ones that are sent to her.
At present Miss Gerow teaches nineteen
out of the twenty-six schoolchildren in the
di.strict, while Miss Anna M. Landstrom
presides over a little class of seven in the
public school. There has been no investi
gation of the charges made by Mrs. Gan
naw regarding the whipping of her boy,
and as the Trustees have not shown any
desire to hold an inquiry the parents of
the pupils have taken it upon themselves
to settle the matter in tneir own way.
They induced Miss Gerow to open a school
of her own and promised to support her.
She has h-id an awning erected under a
tree, and teaching is going on as though
there were no public school less than a
block away.
"Our little school will be a permanent
one," said Miss Gerow to-da\. "We will
be out here until a new hous4 is built for
us. Prominent men of the district have
promised us aid. I did not put in my
application to be re-elected this year be
cause I did not want to be beaten, and I
was advised beforehand that two of the
three Trustees intended to give the place
to Miss Landstrom. I kncrw Johnny Gan
naw and I want to say that I have had
occasion to punish him myself, but I have
not found him a particularly vicious boy.
The feeling in the district is now not so
much opposed to Miss Landstrom as to
the fact that Miss Gerow was displaced
because of a little political pull exercised
in favor of a sister-in-law of one of the
Trustees. Among the children attending
school under the trees are the little ones
of Trustee Logan, who Is the only sup
porter in the board of Miss Gerow.
THE BROWN SCANDAL
OFFICIALLY CLOSED
FINAL ACTION AS THE BAY CON-
FERENCE DIES.
The Organization Bevises Its By-
Laws and Becomes an Association
of Churches and Ministers.
OAKLAND. Aug. 9.— The Bay Confer
ence died to-night with the celebrated
C. O. Brown committee. In its place
now exists "The Bay Association of Con
gregational Churches and Ministers."
The change Is said to have nothing to
do with a desire to change the name that
has been so closely connected with the
great scandal, but because conferences
are everywhere giving way to associa-
tions. _
The letter of apology, from the Dv
barge championship of the Pacific Coast.
It is necessary that S. J. Pembroke should
know definitely what crews and scullers
Intend to enter the regatta not later than
noon to-day, that his telegraphic reply to
the Astoria committee may not be de
layed.
FOUGHT LIKE TROJANS.
Jack Granfield Got a Decision From
Billy Otts at the Alpine Club.
One of the most interesting eight-round
contests held under the auspices of the
Amateur Athletic Club was witnessed last
Monday by a large gathering of fistic
sport lovers at 28 Golden Gate avenue.
To the Alpine Club the credit must be
given for a show which pleased the most
fastidious of fistic sport lovers.
The principals were the aggressive
fighter Jack Granfield. and the clever and
game 130-pound boxer Billy Otts. The
rising stars in pugilism have met before,
and Otts gained a decision, but Granfield
was determined to turn the tables on his
clever opponent, and for several months
he has trained hard with the object in
view of meeting Otts and of besting him.
The Alpine Club seeing that a great
contest was in prospect matched the men,
and those who witnessed the bout last
evening went away satisfied that they got
a good run for their money.
Otts had the better of his opponent—
that Is, so far as height and reach of
arms are concerned— but Granfield, a nat
ural-born puncher, made up for the de
ficiency In aggressiveness and ability to
stand punishment.
The first, second and third rounds of the
mill were of the give-and-take order,
neither man scoring a lead, but the fourth
ended in Granfleld's favor. The San
Francisco Club man fought furiously. He
closed up oh his opponent and neither
man gave way a foot of territory. It
was punch, punch, with right and left,
until the gong sounded the men to their
respective corners. Granfield played
heavily on Otts' body and winded the
game and clever representative of the Ex
celsior Club.
Otta fell away after this round and
Granfield scorfed a strong lead, upper
cutting his opponent at every opportunity
and almost putting Otts out in the eighth
round. It was one of the most exciting
fistic contests of the season, and Referee
J. McDevitt is deserving of credit for
awarding the fight to Granfleld, notwith
standing the hoots he received from the
would-be sports who cannot see but one
man in a fight where favoritism is pend
ing. Otts, however, is deserving of great
praise for the game stand he took under
heavy fire.
Tom Murphy got a deslclon over Billy
Hogan in a six-round bout, and Charles
Johnson, who punched A. Dahl's face
"out of place," received judgment from
Gus Herget, after the men boxed four
rounds.
The San Francisco Athletic Club will
hold its regular monthly exhibition on
Wednesday evening at its club rooms, 317
Sixth street. The principal events will be
two amateur six-round bouts for valuable
trophies. "Bud" Terry and F. Maynard.
both aggressive boxers, are matched; also
Jack King and J. Schuler, one of the best
amateur lightweights on the cpast.
Jimmy Lawlor and Young «iriffo were
matched last evening to box ten rounds
before the New Western Athletic Club.
As this will be a professional contest the
club must pay a license of $100, otherwise
the authorities will not allow the con
test to be held.
Powers of Attorney to Be Stamped.
Powers of attorney executed abroad and
used in the United States must bear a 35
cent documentary stamp. Internal Rev
enue Collector Lynch was so advised yes
terday by telegraph from the Commis
sioner of Internal Revenue at Washing
ton.
Swiss Relief Society.
An excursion and picnic to Fairfax Park
on next Sunday will be given by the Swiss
Relief Society. There will be many at
tractions, including games, bowling for $35
;n cash prizes, shooting for valuable
prizes, dancing and an open-air concert.
buque Conference, for receiving into fel
lowship the unfrocked member of the
Bay Conference, which has previously
been published, was read before the con
ference by Registrar Hatch. There were
no comments made on the letter. Mod
erator Chamberlain requested the regis
trar to write to the Dubuque Conference,
accepting the explanation and a dignified
reply will be sent.
Registrar Hatch then suggested that
the committee of seven which was ap
pointed to handle the Brown trouble be
discharged. Nash rose and suggested
that the committee be thanked for the
satisfactory manner in which it had
handled the affair. Moderator Chamber
lain then discharged the committee, and
the Brown case was officially closed.
The committee, consisting of Messrs.
Foster, Hatch, Rader, Hallett and Adams,
who were appointed to revise the consti
tution and by-laws, filed a printed con
stitution and by-laws. The only change
which would in any way affect ministe
rial standing is the by-law which re
quires that no delegate not in ministerial
standing shall pass upon a ministerial
delegate's standing.
The new by-laws make the following
provision for dealing with complaints:
When complaints are made against churches
or ministers of the association this committee
shall seek to learn and remove the causes of
complaint. Failing in this, the committee shall
report the facts to the association, which may
then proceed with the case according to the
natural right of every organized body to grant,
to maintain or to withdraw the rights and
privileges of membership in such organization.
Under the new constitution nineteen mem
bers, nine ministers and ten lay delegates,
present <md voting, shall constitute a quorum.
Churches which fail to send delegates and to
report statistics for two consecutive years shall
forfeit tholr membership and may be dropped
by vote from the roll- of the association. Min
isterial membership shall lapse after two years
of unreported absence from the bounds of the
associntlon. Each church in this association
shall be entitled to three delegates in every
meeting, paid delegates to be prorerly elected
or appointed by top church.
Rev. W. Rader. Dr. George Adams, Rev.
C. R. Brown and others presented and dis
cussed papers.
Board of Equalization.
ALAMEDA, Aug. o.— Several applica
tions have been made to the City Trus
tees, sitting as a board of equalization,
for reductions in the valuation of real
property. None of them amounts to more
than a few hundred dollars difference be
tween the assessed and the owner's val
uation. Several of them have been
granted, but the total will make little
difference In the assessment role.
ADVEBTISEKTENTS.
I Stop !. Bo
I Stop! i
r■ Jj Don't drink your money fJM
I\ up. Don't make life a m%.
V, *j burden for your frieni3 |VJ
JT| ' A when the Keeley Treat- jr. 'Jj
€ * ment will cure all desire « \
P* j j for drink or drug«. s AY |j
fjf .1 pleasant treatment and fjn\
8 i sure - M
k , I Send for printed matter V i i
fy .1 that tells all about It. I ■ .1
W V THE :U M
& f. KEELEY INSTITUTES, % t,
iyJti ii3J N. Main St.. Los Angeles. V Wk
JJs\\ 1170 Market St., fRI
'/ IV San Francisco. '/ \V
S X Fred A. Pollock, Manager. «j ft
/^^l^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ijL%«BkJW *>—•"> KEARXY ST. EsUbllshed
miSi^*4tiA '" I* s * for the treatment of Private
inL/vV -3*s Dinejises, Lost Manhood. ■ Debility or
- ? sStfeaE^vA disease wearing on bodyatid mindand
%SkSkkESl Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
■-HHllrawfiif " ttlersfa "- Try him. Charges low.
rTaJ'il'fiMlfiiit 1 *'ur«"»|t»i»r«int«»*«l. Cullorwrite.
Dr. J. !■•- «ji£UltO9i, Box 1937, San Francisco.
J KAILEOAD ' TEAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL. •
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, • 9:00, 11:00 a. m., 12:35.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. ' Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
- and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. 3:30.
• S:CO. 6:20 p. m. . • . •• •  >.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. 12:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays — trips at
1:56 and 6:35 p. m. ■ . . ..' •
SUNDAYS— B:IO.* 9:40, 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 3:40,
5:00, 6:25 p. m. -• ■■ • : • -
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. • x- ; '
'■ Leave Arrive .
San Francisco, In -Effect San Francisco.
: June 29, ■ — ■
Week I Sun-, 1898. " Sun- I Week
Days. I days. Destination. days. [ Days.
7:3oam 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am B:4oam
S:Sopm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:10 pm. 10:23 am
5:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:22
Fulton. ..
7:3oam Windsor, • 10:J5am
Healdsburg.
Lytton,
•y..,--.• y ..,--. « , Geyservtlle. ......
B:3opm S:ooam Cloverdale. 7:35pm 6:22pm
-7:3o ami j ~ti Hopland and I. |10:25»m
3:30 pm| 8:00aml Uklah. [ 7:35 pmi 6:22pm
7:3oam ' ' : 10:25 am
8:00 am • Guerneville. 7:35pm
8:30 prn ' S^P"*
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma. 10:40 am B:4oam
>■.-, ■- .■• .- and -^..,-
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
~7 30 ami 8:00 ami Sebastopol. . 110:40 am|10:25am |
1:80 pm| s:OopmJ '. ■ ; I 7:3s pm| 6:22 pm
"stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at G«y-
servtlle for Skages Springs; at Cloverdale . for
fhe Geysers; at • Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad
Springs. < Soda ■ Bay, Lakeport ■ and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga.
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Pomq, Potter Valley, John Days r River-
side Lierley's. Buckneirs. Sanhedrln Heights,
Hullville. Boonevllle. Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal. . .
Saturday to Monday round-trip " tickets at
C Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle "bids.
A. W. FOSTER, "R. X. RYAN .
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sauaalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
. U AND SAN RAFAEL. -•: .v
WEEK DAYS-t7:00. »S:00, *3:30. 11:00 a. m.:
•1-45 3-20. ' 4:00, 5:15, •6:00,- 6:30 p. m.
Fx'TRA TRIPS — San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays/Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
»S:00. *9:00. *10:00, 11:00. 11:30
a. m • I^oo. «1:45, «2:30. •4:00. 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
lioo'a m. does not run to San Rafael Sundays.
6-30 d m does not run to Mill Valley Sundays.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin: - ■
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:25. •6:35. 7:55. 8:25, '9:50
a m- '12:20. 1:10, *3:40, 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on . Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. --9:45. -10:43.
srNDVYS-7:00. *S:00. »9:45, 'IO^S, 'll^
« m • 100 2:20. »3:30. »5:15. »6:00. 7:00 p. m.
• "Train* marked ♦ start from San Quentin. %
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:45. 6:45, 7:55. 8:43. 10:10
a in -12 -40 2:25, 3:55. 4:55, 5:20 p.m. •
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
an si4DAY S-8S -8: aOOa 0O, 7 10°?0O P l"i0 a. m. : 12:06. 1:20,
2: <°'" 3:s5 '. S:3 TH^.T?G ; H- TRAINS.
7-00 a. m week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
S-20t>' m Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6-15 P m. week days (Saturday excepted)—
males and way stations.
•00 a m Sundays— and way sta'ns.
1*45 p.' m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'ns.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
, (Via : SausalU-. , Ferry.> ,
" Leave San Francisco, commencing Ma/ J.
1898: ::*.-.■" ■-' ..''.' •■• ■ ' .''•■■'"-*■ '■ -. -. •
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:46 and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays— 9:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
t:IO p. mr.
'Round trip rrom Mill Valley, $1. f ,- ■ =•"-■.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agents, > «S3 - Uarkit
■treet. San Francisco. ,-.;,.
ADVEB^ISEMENTS. .
DEPRESSED^
TRY
(MARIANI WINE} ~~ "~~
THE IDEAL TONIC.
Mariani Wine is a tonic prepare*
upon truly scientific principles. It coiv>
tains absolutely no injurious proper-
ties. It has been endorsed by more
than 8000 American physicians.
Mariani Wine gives power to the
brain, strength and elasticity to the
muscles and richness to the blood. It
is a oromotor of good health and long-
evity.
. . Mariani Wine is specially indi-
cated for General Debility, Overwork,
Weakness from whatever cause 3, Pro-
found Depression and Exhaustion,
Throat and Lung Diseases, Consump-
tion and Malaria. Taken with cracked
ice, Mariani Wine dispels Summer
Prostration and guards against ( faint-
ness.
Mariani Wine is invaluable fo* ;
overworked men, delicate women, and
Bickly children. It soothes, strengthens
and . sustains the system and braces
body and brain. Try it.
.' To those who will kindly write to MARI-
ANI & CO., 52 West Fifteenth street. New
York City, will be sent free, book containing
portraits with Indorsements of Emperors. Em-
press, Princes,' Cardinals. Archbishops and
other interesting matter.
All Druggists. Avoid Substitutions.
BAILBOAS TBAVEIi.
MM rill. UN I'ACIFJV COMPANY.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Trnlm lenve i«u«l <tr« 4n« (a nrrlve «•
KAN riIANCIKCU.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) ,
leave ' — From July 10, 1898. — arrivb
•0:OOa Miles. San Jose and Way Stations... *5.45 a.
7:OOa. Kciiicia, Suisun and Sacramento.... 10:15 k
T:OOa. MarjßYille, Oroville and Redding via
Woodland 5:45r
- 7:O0a Elmira, Vacaville and Rnmsey 8:43p
7:3« a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Nap*.
Calistoga and Santa Rosa O:13p
*:IH)a Atlantic Express, Ogdon and Kait.. Bi«3r
»>:ioa Sau .lose, Htocktoii. Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, M»ry«»lllo,
Chleo. Tehama and Red UltifT.... «il»r
8:»0a reters, Oakdale and Jamestown.... 7:lSp
•K:3Oa Milton «7i13»
»!««a New Orleans Kipreas. Merced, Kres-
iio, UakersfleM. Santa lUrbara,
- !..)» Angeles. Peming. El l"a«o.
- New Orleans and Eaat.... 6»4.1p
I O:oo a Vallejo, Martinet and Way Stations 7:43p
•l:«Op Sacramento lUter Steamers »l»:««r
Sau Jose, Niles and Way Stations. . . t»: I»A
2:OOp Livermore, Mendota, Banford ana
Visalia 4«l»p
Livermore, San Jose, NUes and Way - _
Stations $I«il»*
*'.99e Martinez, Sail lUm«ii, Vallejo. ■*. .'
Napa, Callslota, El Verano and
Santa Rosa »iI»A
4i«Or Benicia, VacaTille, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MarysTille, Oro-
ville and Sacramento 10:45*
4:80p Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7: 1 3 p.
4:»0p Stockton and Lodl lailSr
4:30p Lathrop, Modesto, Merced. Fresno,
Mojave, Santa Barbara and I/OS
Auirelas 7«4»A
4 :30f Martinez, Merced (Raymond for
Yoaemite) and Fiesno I»il3p
4i:i«p Santa I.i Route. Atlantic Kxpress
forMojavo ami Kast 8:43
6«O»p European Mail, Ogdeii and Kast.... 9i43a
•8:00rVa11ej0. .....; l*:l3p
6i«»p H»y<THrdn. Nllrsaml San Jose 7»4»a
t?tOOp VaUejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
' U0n5.............. J9:43F
Ss*Op Orrgon Sacramento, Marys- . .
ville, ItetMiiirf, Purtlautl. Puget
Nuutiil ami K»»t M»a
' SAN LEAM>II() AM) lUiWAUI>S LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) ■ ■ •
V 3lelro<>t>, Seminary Turk, ( "i:\HK
.. «:OOa Fltehhnrjr, Klmliarßf, 1 C? : 12 A
, JJ S »2t Sa« Lean.lro,. South K» {••*»*
I&8. 1-n.lro.VMad^ »!«,
:i-J:«h»m Lorento, Cherry ; ■ ti:43r
( :t:tiop , and t****r
3:OOp' . llajirard*. •• •■',- - * t3:43p
. 7:00p < Runs through to Niles. 7: 1 3p
, - ) I From Niles ■ \
COAST DIVISION (Narrow IJange).
: (Foot of Market Street.).
{7:43 a Santa Cruz Kxcnrxion, Santa Orui '
and Principal Way Stations ....... }BiO3p
8: 15a. Newark, C'enterrille, San Jose,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Orui and Way .
Stations 5«3»r
•2:15p Newark, Centerrille, San Jose New
' . Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way -
i,:;< ■■■'•■■■ Stations »IOt3OA
4:13p San Jose, Glenwood & Way Stations 0:20 \
q4:lsp Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz...... j»j2«>a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
/Rom SIN miiCISCO— Foot or Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 ]l:0(U.l«. tl:fl3 *2:03 13:00
•1:00 t5:00 •6:30r.M. '
?romO»IUSD-r»»tofßro!«lwtj.— '6:oo . 8:00 10:00 4. M.
112:00- M:00 t2:00 - *3:00 tt:OO •6:00 P.M.
:■" COAST VISION (KromdUange).
(Third and Townsgnd Sti.)
♦7:UOa San .)<»« am) Way tali.. in (New
Aliuaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....... l:3Op
17:30 a Sunday ' Excursion for Baa Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove and t
.. V~V Principal Way SUUons JBiBs»
■ 9:OOa Sun .l<w«, Trta Pinos, S&uta Cruz,
Pacitic Orore, l'aso Rubles, San
Luis Oliispo, Giiadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:lOr
l«:ltA Sau Joss ami Way .Stations *NiOOa
ll::tUA San Jose ami Way Stations *Bi33a
•2:43 - San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han .lose.
Gllrny, Hollister. Santa Crux.
Salinas. Monterey and PaciHo ■-■"-■
Grove '. '.-•. •lOt3«i
•3: 3rt p Sau .lose and Way Station* . .' »9:«Oa
•I:l3r San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
*3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:35 a
si3Oi- San Jose anil Principal Way Stations 3:.top
U:Uiii- San Jose and Way Stations 7:3<)p
t11:43i- San Joae ami Way atations 7;«Oy
A for Morning. P or Afternoon. *.:
• Sundays exceiireii. t Sundays only. ♦ Saturdnyi only
j Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car*
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Time t
X>ave BanFranclsco.4:3o p. m.. S.M.T.W.T.F.BL
Arrive Denver ...:.5:00 p. m., 'W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrivß Kansas City..7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. L0ui5..... 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrlv* Ch1cagr0.......»:00 p. m., T.F.B.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-POOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason*
able Rates.
YOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE .
If You Travel on the Santa Po.
Ul FHAHCISCQ TICKET~OFfTcE — 128 MARKET SI
TELEPHONE MAIN 153 L
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.. »
; Sacramento Office— 201 J. Street. % ;"
San Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Clan Sit
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIIf
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jane 1, IS9B, trains will run as follows:
.. Bouth-bound. ■ - vl North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. - Mixed. | Passen-
ger. ■■•■ Sunday Sta- Sunday I ■ ger.
Dally. Exc'pted :. tions. . Exo'ptedl Dally.
7:20 a ml 8:00 a m "Stockton 1 3:15 p m 5:40 pra
9:li.i am' 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 p m 3:53 pra
10:40 am 3:50. p m < Fresno : 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11:35 a m 6:45 p m Hanford i 7:45 am 125pm
2:46 p m 11:50 p m B'k'rsfld f 2:30 a m 10:15 a m, .
12:05 p m 7:50 p m = Vlsalla | 6:40 a m 12:55 pra
' Stopping at intermediate points as required. "^
Connections— At Stockton witli steamboats vt
California. Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at ■
t. p>. daily: Tit Merpprt 'with statres to and from
Snelllngs." Coultervllle, Yosemite. etc.; also
with stage « from Honi ltos, Marl posa. etc. : ;at
Lankershim with stage to and trumJVlaaem.
wWcftSLSO in Year
1112
PAID BEFORE
THEY WORKED
Hall of Justice Employes
Treated Well.
RAW WORK OF SUPERVISORS
FLIMSY EXCUSES FOR THE NU
MEROUS DELAYS.
Boiling Mills and Other Plants
Which Evidently Existed Only
in the Imagination of
Contractors
• The more delving is done into affairs re
lating to the new Hall of Justice, the
more manliest dots it become that there
is "a colored gentleman lurking in the
-woodpile," and that all the delays have
made for some ob;
The contract was let on November Z\,
1596, and signed on December 3, 1896, and
called for the building to be finished on
October 1. 1897. Extensions of time wore
made as follows: September 22, to Oc
tober 22, 1897; October 23, 1897, to January
■li 1898; January 1 to February »&s, and
February 28 to October 1. The building
will not be finished on October 1, or at all
events the contractors think it will be
impossible, and intend asking for another
delay. In the meanwhile the Board of
Supervisors is paying out $420 each month
for salaries of superintendents and
Morgue rental.
In their appeals for more time the con
tractors made many excuses, which were
cheerfully swallowed by an indulgent
Board of Supervisors, but one of the star
was the plea that work was not
actually begun until July 1, 18S7. On
February 15. 1897, John E. Buckley was
appointed Superintendent of Construc
tion at a salary of $250 per month, said
salary to begin at the same time as the
actual work of construction. The report
of the Committee on Public Buildings,
adopted February' 28f 1898, reads as fol
lows: "In the matter of the petition of
Bateman Bros, for further time we find
that the. contractors were not in control
of or had the lot on which the Hall of
Justice is being constructed prior to July
1. 1897." Chiefly on these grounds an ex
tension of time was granted by the Board
of Supervisors. The list of expenditures
on the Hall shows, however, that Mr.
Buckley's salary began on March 26. and
he has. accordingly, drawn three months'
salary which he was not entitled to. Tim
salary of the inspector of brickwork dates
from June 1, or a month before the "ac
tual work of construction" commenced.
Either Bateman Bros, fooled the commit
tee or the board has been fooled Into
paying 1 men salaries for doing nothing
Other portions of the statistics relating
to the work prove just as Interesting, j
Time and again the architects called at
tention to the fact that the sub-contracts
had not been let. After resolutions had i
been passed and notices sent out, which
were totally ignored, a committee waa
sent to interview the contractors. These
gentlemen unhlushingly informed the
gullible eommitteempn that they did not
Intend letting sub-contracts, as their own ;
rolling mills would soon be in operation, I
and they Intended taking the stone from |
th^lr own quarries; also, that they had [
iust erected a plant near Stockton fur !
the manufacture of terra cotta. This
was told in a nice oily way, and It was :
easily swallowed by the committee. These ;
mills and quarries, however, appear to
have been abandoned as readily as a
Spanish warship, as since that time iron
and ste^l have been supplied by the Car- I
negle works of Pennsylvania and the Pa
cific Rolling Mills. Stone has been pro
cured from an old quarry, and the terra
cotta is due from a local firm within a
few days. Where the contractors get the
brass with .vhich to equip themselves
when telling such yarns does not appear
on the records.
The whole scheme was once investi
gated by a committee from the Orand
Jury, which, after making a thorough
Investigation, became convinced that the
whole scheme of delays was a fraud and
that the contractors were really holding
back waiting for the price of building
material to take a drop. Instead of tak
ing a drop it has gone steadjly upward,
and they are getting deeper in the mire
every day. This committee filed a re
port' with "the Board of Supervisors pro
testing against further delays, and was
backed up by a comi.iittee representing
every property owner in the vicinity, but
the fairy tales about factories, univoid
able delays, etc.. seemed mort plausible
and the desired extension was granted.
While the property owoers fume and
sweat and the little bunch of workmen
keep out of the way of the host of su
perintendents, the contractors compla
cently talk of asking for further time.
EXTRADITION REFUSED.
Governor 3udd Objects to Sign the
Warrant in the Case of C. H.
de Voll.
Governor Budd, after listening to the
evidence and the arguments of counsel
in his rooms in the Palace Hotel yester
day morning, refused to issue a warrant
for the extradition of C. H. De Voll. who
is wanted in Kansas City, Mo., for ob
taining money by false pretenses.
De Voll was arrested on August 4 by
Corporal Geimann and the next day was
released on a writ of habeas corpus. He
■was accused by J. H. New by of Kansas
City of obtaining $500 by false pretenses
It appeared that De Voll is a partner of
the Moe and De Voll Company. St. Louis,
of which Newby is president. The com
pany manufactures incandescent lamps.
De Voll had the controlling interest in
the company, but before leaving for the
coast he transferred ir to his wife. De
tective Ennis of Kansas City came here
with the extradition r.apers.
The Governor remarked that he saw no
merit in the case and nothing on which
to bape a criminal charge. The books of
the company were always open for in
spection, and if there wa? a case at all
It was on.; for the civil courts.
The War in Pyrotechnics.
The staging, battleships, torpedo boats,
arsenals, forts, volcanoes, etc., for the re
production of the Maine explosion, battle
of Manila, capture of Santiago, etc., which
Is shortly to be reproduced at Central
Park, are nearly finished, and the public
will soon be treated to the greatest pyro
technical display ev«-r presented upon this
coast. The opening scenes will be laid
In Havana harbor, and the closing ones
In the harbor of Manila. All the leading
naval events, from the historical moment
the Maine was blown up to the fall of
Santiago. Including Dewey's great
achievement in the battle of Manila, will
be fuliy portrayed even to the minutest
details. It is the intention of the man
agement to produce an accurate and ex
plicit idea of cannonading, bombardment,
explosion of mines, bursting of torpedoes,
sinking of vessels, burning of forts after
explosions, gunners in action, flagship
etc. There will be some 800
people in the cast, and this gigantic spec
tacle will make a most elaborate display.
The opening date is announced for Au
gust 20.
Central Registration Closes.
Registrar Biggy's assistants ■ were kept
busy last evening attending to the vot
ers who were anxious to be enrolled at
headquarters rather than at the precincts
which begin operations to-day. About
1800 citizens registered yesterday.
Hay Barn Burned.
A hay barn occupied by Antone Braffeco
on Lombard street, between Octavia and
Laguna. was burned last night. One horse
was consumed, besides ten tons of hay,
the loss being estimated at $500, covered
by insurance.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Aug. 9.— F. W. Bradley of
Ban Francisco is at the Hoffman; J. E.
Paris of Los Angeles Is at the Manhat
tan- G. W. Marston of San Diego is at
the Stuart. J. £>iH of San Francisco has
gone to Paris.
WORK FOR WOMEN.
Mrs. Addie L. Ballou and Her
Companions Start a Sewing
Factory to Aid Those
in Want.
An American flap will be the first piece of work to be completed by
the sewing women who have been provided with employment by the Wo
men's Sewing Company. The order comes from Hale Brotners, and will.
upon completion, be displayed In their windows as an evidence of the
newly organized effort to give employment to a thousand needy sewing
women in this city.
Twenty-eight sewing machines, placed at 303 Eighth street by the
Singer Company for the purpose, were set in operation yesterday after
noon by the touch of an electric button by Secretary Sullivan, represent
ing Mayor Phelan. who was unable to be present. Thus twenty-eight
of the needy ones were started on the way to earn a livelihood. But
there were "more than five times that many who turned away, saddened
by the disappointment of betog obliged to wait their turn.
Mrs. Ballou, the secretary of the company, stood in the gallery of the
plainly finished sewing-room and tried to make plain the fact to the dis
appointed ones that it was Impossible to start more machines until or
ders for work had been secured and the machines put in place.
"Tlure may be many women disappointed." said Mrs. Ballou. "but
this company. "which is the outgrowth of the complaint that women were
being refused work on Government orders, will do the best it can to sup
ply them with work, and that without the hope of making any profit
for the managers of the scheme."
Hale Brothers have given a large order for men's cotton underwear,
and word comes from Assistant Quartermaster Long that, now the
Women's Sewing Company Is incorporated, there will be an opportunity
for these women to do Government work. Government contracts could
not be made with individual sewing women, but now the sewing women
are formed Into an incorporated company, and that without the cost of
a penny to them. Stock will be sold to the good people who desire to
help the plan along. And the active managers of it hope to put it in
good running order with work for a hundred machines and as many more
women very soon.
CALIFORNIA HAS
THE GOLDEN PRIZE i
THE MEDAL FROM HAMBURG
WILL BE HERE SOON.
It Was Won in a Grand Competition
of This State's Fruits Against
Those of the World.
Manager Filcher of the State Board of
Trade, who was in charge of Califor
nia's exhibit at the International Horti
cultural Exposition held at Hamburg,
Germany, a year ago, has received from
one of the direcors of that exposition
the assurance that the gold medal for the
best general display of horticultural
products, won by this State against all
competitors, will be ready to be forward
ed to California in the course of three
or four weeks. He has received a cut of
the medal, which is different from the
usual style, being square in form. The
California's Fruits Won
This Prize.
size of the cut, which presumably cor
responds with the size of the medal, is
two by two and a quarter inches, and
the design is very beautiful.
Mr. Filcher states that the Hamburg
Commisfior.frs have made up their re
port and they find that after paying all
expenses they will have a little money
left This was very gratifying, corsi.l
ering the smallnes.s of the appropriation
by the State— s6ooo.
The interest in fruit products created
in <;.-nnanv last year by reason of the
display made at Hamburg still contin
ues arid is spreading into other European
countries. A great many orders are com
ing in from France, where the State's
fruits are well liked, and from the trade
centers of the Scandinavian Peninsula.
Out of seventeen carloads of dried apri
cots sold by one- firm this year in South
ern California it is worthy of note that
fourteen carloads went to Hamburg,
The short fruit crop this year, however,
is likely to have a bad effect, as it pre
vents California exporters from meeting
the Increased demand abroad for Cali
fornia cured fruits, and may result in
the loss to them of some of their new
customers.
Denies That He Is Engaged.
James McGoldrlch, 320 Harrison street,
denies that he ia engaged to be married
to Miss Kate O'Nell of 46 Clementina
street.
THE SAN FBAISTCTSCO CAI/L, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 10, 1898.
WANTS TO BUILD
MORE WARSHIPS
HENRY T. SCOTT LEAVES FOR
WASHINGTON TO-DAY.
He Will Bid on All Classes of Naval
Fighters Called For by the
Government.
Henry T. Scott, president of the Union
Iron Works, will leave to-day for Wash
ington on an important mission, namely,
to endeavor to secure contracts for the
construction of more world-beating wa:
ships, such as the Oregon and Olympla,
v.im-h hay made Pan Francisco's great
shipyard famous.
Mr. Scott will be prepared to bid on
all classes of vessels included in the pres
ent call for estimates. He said:
"Bids are invited for two harbor de
fense vessels, two oattleships, five tor
ptdo-boat destroyers and four torpedo
boats. San Francisco has one advan
tage in the competition by reason of the
fact that the Government allows a d: '-
ference of 4 per cent in favor of Pacific
Coast shipbuilders. In other words, if a
bidder from San Francisco or elsewhere
on the coast puts In a figure 4 per cent
above the lowest bidder on the Atlantic
side ot the continent, other matters be
ing satisfactory, he will be awarded the
contract. However, this concession is
restricted to one bauleship and one har
bor defense vessel. In bidding on the
others we are on even terms with East
ern competitors.
•'Bids on the torpedo-boat destroyers
are to be opened on August 23, and on the
battleships on September 1, and I hope
to bring back something in the way of
contracts."
A FAILURE AS A FAKER.
Physicians Disgusted by an Exaibi
tion Given by a Son of Mephisto.
A faker who comprehends not in the
slightest the art of faking was introduced
at the residence of Dr. R. Beverly Cole
by a yellow journal representative last
night, and exhibited to a select convo
cation of physicians.
The gentlemen who attended the seance
In the hope of seeing something new, but
who appeared at the conclusion to the
thoroughly disgusted and pronounced the
• •ffort a complete failure, were Drs. Cole,
K>rr, Mofnt, Hapsburger, Tuggle and
D'Ancona.
The young man of pretensions, who to
a Call reporter stated that his father's
name was Mephisto, but was introduced
to the party by his yellow manager as
Mr. Kosti, essayed to raise and lower his
pulse and his temperature at will. He
failed flatly, save in the slightest chang
ing of those conditions such as any hys
terical person may do with the faintest
sort of an effort.
Then he made a pretense at mind read
ing, failing so utterly that the effort was
painful to the spectators. Dr. D'Ancona
offered to give him a second trial, stat
ing that he had in his pocket two bank
checks for liberal amounts that he had
prepared for the occasion, and which he
would present to the pretender if he
would read them b3 r any mind-reading
process. He would not undertake it.
The physicians expressed plainly by
thoir actions, and indirectly in words,
that Mr. Kosti-Mephlsto was even a fail
ure as a faker.
His Death Accidental.
OAKLAND, Aug. 9.— An inquest was
held this evening over the remains found
In the estuary yesterday morning. The
body was identified as that of Thomas
Brandon, who had been working on Hack
ett's dredger and who fell into the estu
ary last week while walking on the mud
pipes toward the shore. Deceased was
aged about 45 years. The verdict was
drowning.
MANY MOURNED
BY HER BIER
Mother Russell's Body
Given to the Earth.
SIMPLE FUNERAL SERVICE
A TOUCHING TRIBUTE BY REV.
FATHER GALLAGHER.
Archbishop Riordan and the Catholic
Clergy Perform the Last Rites
Over the fcacred Re
mains.
The earthly remains of Mother Mary
Catherine Russell, whose very name is
spoken with love and the highest re
spect by thousands, were consigned to
the earth yesterday and friends in
numerable gathered to pay their last
tribute to the memory of one endeared
to their hearts. She was buried in the
Sisters of Mercy plat in the inclosure at
the Magdalen Asylum. The last cere
monies were set for 10 o'clock in the lit
tle chapel in St. Mary's Hospital. The
body rested in a plain black coffin sur
rounded by six candelabra. At the
stated hour Archbishop Riordan took
his place at the foot of the altar and
commenced the mass while a choir of
Sisters of Mercy gave voice to Mozart s
"Requiem."
Archbishop Riordan was attended by
the Rev. John F. Nugent as deacon.
Rev P S. Casey as sub-deacon. Fath
er Prelato, S. J., and Father Phelan of
San Rafael as deacons of honor. The
Archbishop's private secretary, Rev. P.
A. Mulligan, officiated as master of
ceremonies.
Father Hugh Gallagher, S. J., deliv
ered the funeral sermon. In eloquent
words he told of the self-sacrificing
life led by the woman who left home,
family, friends and the riches of the
world to minister to the sufferings of
humanity and pour the soothing oil of
religion into the hearts of those crushed
and weary in spirit and soul. In the
course of his remarks he said:
"The good that Mother Russell has
done only God knows. She not only
preserved the faith, but dragged many
girls from the degraded state who af
terward developed into noble, Christian
women. She fed countless numbers of
hungry and she clothed the poor. She
did all this and more, and her reward
from Christ will be the recompense of
eternal life. We believe her life was
blameless, but the judgment of God is
not that of men. so do not let us forget
her in our prayers."
Upon the conclusion r.f the mas 3 the
casket was placed in the hearse, which
was followed to the cemetery by many
carriages. The pall bearers were Dr.
X T 'Leonard. Dr. M. J. F-ttrell. Judge
John Burnett, Dr. T. C. Bailey Dr T.
H Morris, T. Connolly, M. A. O Brien,
James B Gartland and John A. Len
non. The services at the grave were
simple, consisting of prayers by the
Rev. Hugh Gallagher.
The priests in the sanctuary during
the service of mass were: Rev. M. D.
Slattery of Napa, Rev. D. O. Crowley
of the Youths' Directory, Rev. Michael
King of Oakland, Rev. J. J. Cramwell
of St. Mary's College, Rev. James Kiely
of West Oakland, Rev. William Kirby
of St Agnes" Church, Rev. P. S. Casey
of St Peter's Church. Rev. P. Powers
of Livermore, Rev. J. Carrebar of St.
Francis 1 Church. Rev. P. Brady of St.
John's Church, Rev. Father Connolley
of St Paul's Church. Rev. Father
Dempsey of St. Mary's Cathedral, Rev.
Father Cummlngs of St. Charles-
Church, Rev. J. Lynch of f.t. James'
Church and Rev. Father Foley of Ala
meda. __________ -
Federal Bankruptcy Cases.
Julius Wolff, of the Wolff Mercantile
Company, filed a petition In Insolvency
yesterday in the United States District
Court for himself and not for the c<>m
panv He states his liabilities at 146.W1 58
and* his assets, exempt wearing apparel,
worth $150. . ,
The United States Marshal has taken
possession of the property in the Junction
Pharmacy at 2000 Market street, which
had been" attached by the Sheriff.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush, Larkin sts. : swimming. Russian, hot and
cold tub baths; salt v.-n">r dtre.-t from ocean.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
T P Smith, Cambria |W C Waters, Cal
F J Hammond. Boston 'A Anderson^ Suisun
T G Walton. Denver |J R Reed, Cal
G A Ruple, Denver IJ B D Meeds, Los Ang
Miss N Forsythe. Mass P J Brandon, San Jose
A T Garllck. New Zeal J Ross, Maryevllle
Mrs J Garllck, X Zeald Mrs M J Weston. Cal
H L Roberts. Utah |R R Veal. Martinez
J Forsythe, Phila .Mrs H E Jones, Portld
B T Duffy w & sister. Mrs L Young. Portland
La ramie' H Long. Chicago
R Wilson, California C C Thayer, honors
T W Hall Oakland C L Dowe & c, Sonora
A D McCoskey. Kas J M Squler. C 8 N
T G Moor. New York T C Woodcock, N V
A C Elliott NY ■ H.S Johnson, Laramle
C J Schuster. 1 Sonoma C A Tripp & w, Denvr
J Worth. Pasadena C E Llndsey. Sta Cruz
G J Lucas. Biggs Mrs MS Sheet, Chlcag
D G Overall, Vlsalia Mrs W E Dent, Cal
G M Donnn. Vlsalla IE G Dent, USA
D Eisner, Huisun M M Hoffman, Cal
J Clements, Red Bluff F W Bliss Sta Cruz
C C Beekman & w. Or F E Harris. Ashland
MIbS C Beekman, Or .Mrs W A Trafton, Cal
L L Jewell, Cal Mrs R Harkinson, Cal
W W Turney Cal L Durham, Ant loch
L Henry. Stanford A Jensen, Gardrerville
F O Pomdorff. NY H M Lewis. Cal
J A Brent Plymouth J R Hebbron. Salinas
J Martin & w Cal J D Enrlght. Sta Cruz
W R Biggs &w, Cal Mrs Blanchard & c.Cal
M J Wright. Sacto E B Stanton & w, Cal
H M Albeny & w, Cal J R Garnett. Willows
D L Jones, Stockton Mrs E L Jones, lowa
W X Cole. Martinez Mrs C D Henry, Cal
PALACE- HOTEL.
W M Hamilton. Minn ,C Marshall. D C
E A S Watt Sydney A J Bondment. Auhurn
JON Clark. Paisley J C Conn, Silver Leke
F F Stonby &w, Colo ] W G Winthrop. London
W M Smith & w. Pa IE T Wallace, Yreka
H L McNalr. Colo A Barr. Ireland
C Krlehn. M!"hij?an ! H G Bond. Sta Clara
Dr Woztasmoki. Germ J R Lowls. San Jose
D W Belden, Phoenix |W B King. Portland
M A NewmariC, I^« Anf? G Frr-dericks, Alameda
R Newmark. Los Ang E A Hnin, Williams
\ F B Crofton. Dyea N Duperow. Tomnto
F Harvey Kansas City W D Haslnm. Sta Cruz
J W Teas'dale & w. Mo J P Smith. Pta Cruz
Mlsa Teasdale. Mo Mrs A Hill. Michigan
Miss S TeasOale, Mo Miss Grant. Michigan
J J Byrne. L*<» Ang R B Mepser. Michigan
•V Z Howard i. w.Mass W D Pardons, N V
5 D Wheeler & w.MijiniE S Morine. Ir\-lnjrton
S A Perkins. Tacoma S F T.«ib. San Jose
V Conn, Oregon F R Weaver. San Jose
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J H Arbush. Denver J E Logan. Ohio.
C S Maltby & w, Kan. F F Tel.betts & w, Cal
Miss Kate Lowe. Kan J F Heany & w, Cal
H C Booth, Camp Mer L M Kaiser. Cal
Lieut Gustln & w. Cal J R Jones. Los Ang
P B Heath San Jose C B Whitcomb. N V
L Kallsky & w, Apache J U Prlnoe. Fhila
O R Hale, Tucson R B Parker. Phlla
£ P Dpnt, Alameda F S Roesteln. Boston
F Connenins, Sauaallto B F Powell, Ontario
H L Doherty, Cal C B Dawson, do
O R Hale Tuceon Dr T Strattan, Nev.
J Cummlngs. Sausallto R E Dawsnn. do
H A Drachman, Tucson B N Oetrom. do
Mrs R B King. Los Ang W J Bring New York
O C Busbaek, Chicago. H L M He, Chicago.
F W Tinsman. Chicago M B Spauldine:, New V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
S Worstell. Fresno |J C Jackson. Sacto
F A Lastret. Stockton F Sweeney. Hollister
A O Bishop, N V L Dunham. Los Ang
W Williams. St Louis !G Condon, Portland
G F Leonard San Jose Mrs Condon, Portland
B Shearer. Los Ang jA J Peck. Portland
M F Clarke, San Plego Mrs Peck. Portland
H Jameson, San Diego D O'Toole. Grass Val
C Sharkey, Petaluma C W Pearsall. Omaha
J Markley, Fresno W Madden. Vl?alla
J Howard. S Roea T Murphy, Visalia
C McCarthy, Riverside
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC -' PORTS. ;
TACOM A— Sailed Aug 9— Bktn Gardiner City,
for San Pedro.
6AN I ANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year. _.-
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 °'™° c rV v
€21 McAllister street; open until 5:30 <> c£ck.
615 Larkin street; open ,9:30 o clock. -
1941 Mission street: open until 10 oc'ock.
2261 Market street. " corner Sixteentn. w
Until 9 O'clock. ... „ '■dock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 °"££
2526 Mission street: open until 9 a Kentucky
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets, open until 9 °' c l_JSl_____— _■«»—■____
MEETING NOTICES.
EVENING.
C^g E rTH^^E°DN i3 ESD F ATr d EV: JL
ENING. Aug. 10, at 7:30. By order
of the master. FORTRIEDE Secretary.
rvr-TTi crrm T.ndire No. 166, F. and A.
EMC-lp"?aI?E M C -lp"?a I ? metfin^THls'^EDNES-^Af
DAY) EVENING, Aug. 10, at 7.30 J^fr
o'clock. Third degrefo^.^ SMITH , Sec.
j^g^gjj^rgg k Sectary*' A**
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Sara E. Reamer, in the Pem-
berton Gravel mine near Forest Hill. Pla-
cer County, to deposit tailings in Baltimore
and Dardanelles canyons, and from Penroue
& Harker. in the Bull Run mine, near Relief
Hill Nevada County, to deposit tailings In a
ravine below the mine, gives notice that a
meeting will be held at room 59. Flood build-
ing, San Francisco. Cal., on August 22. IS9S.
at 1:30 p. m.
SPECIAL. NOTICES. ,
ANY person having Morning Call file of 1860-
61-G2 or 18C3 that contains a petition at its
length over the signature of Peter T. Secu-
lovich to San Francisco Board of Supervisors
for a block of land No. 60, W. A., by pro-
ducing to him the same or a certified copy, or
any information of the time, as two thou-
sand petitions followed It, or Its natural
ground and his occupation of it, or having
municipal reports of 1860-61-62-63 and 1867-6S, or
knowing of one living, Mr. Carter, that owned
and kept a grocery store in 1860 on Filbert
St.. betw»An Powell and Mason, will be rea-
sonably paid.
PETER T. SECULOVICH, 3241 Mission st.
BAD tenants ejected for $»: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d.
DIVIDEND NOIiC—S.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 58 (50c per
share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company 327 Market St.. on and after Satur-
day. August 20, 1898.
Transfer books will close on Saturday, Au-
gust 13, 1898, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS \V ANTED— FEMALE.
TWO sisters desire situations; one as first-class
cook and second girl; best references; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse; $10 to $15; reference.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
ENGLISH middle-aged woman; good cook and
houseworker; $12 to $15; best reference. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st. -
SWEDISH houseglrl; good cook and laundress;
2 years last place; city or country. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st. _
COMPETENT Swedish second girl desires a sit-
uation; best of reference. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st. s
SITUATION as cook by woman with boy 19
years old; boy to work around place; can
take charge of small boarding-house; no ob-
jections to country. 223 Potrero aye. bet.
Fifteenth and Sixteenth sts. ____
WANTED by refined and trustworthy New
England woman position as first-class seam-
stress and housekeeper In private family or
as maid to grown children or invalid. Call or
address 1620 Polk st. ' ;
YOUNG Danish girl wishes situation as cham-
bermaid or general housework: good plain
cook and first-class waitress; good references;
wages $20 to $25. Call at 1125 Vi Alabama St.,
near Twenty- fourth. ~
RESPECTABLE Protestant woman, good
worker; by day; general housework. $1 a day
and carfare; must have work now. 72S Fol-
' som St., in the rear, downstairs, room 5.
WANTED by intelligent lady with little girl
position as housekeeper or attendant to elderly,
lady. I desire honest work, no triflers. MRS. ,
D.. 1433 Mission st.
WOMAN with one or two children would like
to keep house; raise poultry; work-in gar-
den; city or country. Address SAN BRUNO
HOTEL, 1540 San Bruno aye.
CASHIER— Young lady wishes position as
cashier In .store or restaurant; experience
both In cashing and book-keeping. Address
CASHIER, box 8686, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a competent colored
woman as janitress in a building of offices;
best of city references. Address G. M. L.,
box 2SI. Call office. " .
WANTED a situation by a middle-aged person i
as a good cook or working housekeeper. 609
Tennessee St.
COMPETENT middle-aged woman wishes sit-
uation to do housework: good cook; care for
children: city or country. 927% Washington.
WANTED •by an experienced nurse entire
charge of Infant; city references. Address
1616H Bush st.
WIDOW German, wishes a place with private
family. Call to-day from 8 to 12, at 410 Hyde
St., MRS. G. ___ .
SITUATION wanted by competent girl to do
housework and cooking: wages $20 to $25. Ad-
dress 3911 A Sacramento st.
WOMAN wishes a place to take care of chil-
dren and do sewing or 'other work. Address
1105 Clay st. ' ' '
RELIABLE woman, good cook and house-
keeper, wishes work, any kind; day, week or j
month. 123 Olive aye.. bet. Polk and Van Ness. I
GERMAN younar woman wishes situation to do
light housework and plain cooking in small
family. Call 112 William, nr Post and Jones.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day,
washin? and house-cleaning. 602 Stevenson
?t., corner of Sixth. ■
RESPECTABLE girl wants housework in pri-
vate family: city or country. Address S.. box
129, Call office. . . :C:"f ;;
STRONG young woman would like washing or j
housecleaning by the day. 124 Ivy aye., near j
Van Ness. •
YOUNG girl wishes situation assist in cooking I
and light l-outework; small family: wages j
$12; references. 1200 Larkin St., cor. Bush. •
YOUNG German girl wishes position upstairs i
work and sowing; good waitress; references. I
Call 1022 Larkin st.
YOUNG girl wishes to assist with housework |
or mind baby. 969 Mission st. ■
COMPETENT girl wishes a situation to do
. general houoework in city. Call 22 Silver st.
WOMAN to go by the day. washing or clean-
ing. 176 Seventh St.. first floor.
GERMAN girl; general housework; good wages.
933 Halght st. - •
A COMPETENT girl wishes a situation to do
cooking or housework. 1322 Scott at.
A RELIABLE young woman would like posi-
tion as companion or nurse to elderly person.
A, box 3. Call office.
RESPONSIBLE young woman would like a I
position of trust In office or establishment,
S, box 6. Call office. : ■ . '
BY an experienced bookkeeper. 1 office posi-
tion in or out of city; Al references. S. box
391. Call office. - -■ '
NEAT, reliable girl to do housework In small I
American family. 204S Mission st.
WANTED— Situation by lady with a child as
housekeeper; widower's or elderly family;
v.-ages no object. Apply 172S^, Mission st.
REFINED young lady, good penman, desires
a position in office or companion to lady; is
good seamstress; good references. Apply bet.
9 a. m. and 1:30 p. m.. 2C Turk st.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation as cook and
■ general housework. Address 142 Clipper st.
FIRST-CLASS Eastern dressmaker, formerly
with leading firm in New York, wishes sew- |
ing by day or at rooms; . ladies' : tailoring a
specialty. E. R.. 915 Polk at.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE ■ and Japanese Employment Office; j
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1397. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
AN experienced stock clerk desires to fill a va-
cancy In any official capacity in a commercial
. house; recommendations from employers and
commercial houses ; salary secondary consid-
eration, a Any one desiring- the services -of
such please communicate with .W. DRUHE,
5 Ninth st. . -. . ' '*- -•'-. 'v- -.'"
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper or assistant;
long practical experience; married man; good
references. Address "W. X.. . box 493, ; Call. ;
VEGETABLE gardener, • good milker, take care
of horses and drive, wants situation. Address
box 6220. Call office. .
DRIVER— Honest, sober young man ■ wants
work driving; good business man. EVANS.
, 1720 Market st.  ;
SITUATIONS WANTBD-Contlnne^
WAN'TED^-eituation IT" gardener a d n . ma ?
about private place by a youn? man. ■«
References. Address jj.J^J^J^J^L_—--
JI?InESE wants position; is excellent worker
in laundry, and may wait on table. s. 1
22 Prospect place. . - : . —
A BREAD baker foreman would like a situa-
tion in ctty or country. 1126 Folsom Bt. - ■■
WANTED— By all-around man. steady em-
ployment. Address O. X., 3062 24th St.
MAN and wife, can speak some English would
like place on milk ranch or . private family .
take cars /of horses, cows; good cook. B.
ROSELT, 8 Anthony St. ■
WANTED— Situation by man and , wife t ma "
first-class waiter; wife good cook; city or
country. Address S. A., box 291. Call office.
WANTED-Positlon by Japanese boy a« cook
and housework. Address H. I. KUMANO.
51_i_ Jessie St. -■ . ' _____
TOUNG man wishes employment as book-
keeper or clerk; has experience, with refer-
ences. Address box 890. Call office.
WANTED— By man and wife. position on
ranch; good y farm hand and cook; two .chil-
dren; best of references. Address 3983 _.->tn St.
CHINESE, very best flrst-class cook, meat and
pastry, wishes position hotel or boarding
house; satisfaction. CHARLEY FOOK. 906
' Clay st. ■ _____
ENGINEER would like a position as engineer;
is an all-around mechanic; can give good
references; had 12 years' city experience. Ad-
dress 2953 Harrison St. -
YOUNG German, very strong, speaks some
English, wishes work of any kind; has ex-
perience tending bar. Box 401. Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 2&c to $150 night; $130 to $5
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St., want to-
day—Head waitress, city. $25; waitress,
Frsesno, $25. fare paid: waitress for restau-
rant and' bakery. Bakersfleld. $20. fare paid;
waitress, Napa. $20; waitress. Kern. $20; wait-
ress, Sonera, $20: 3 restaurant waitresses, $5
and $6; 2 chambermaids, first-class city hotel,
call early; 2 waitresses, small places. $15;
French cook for few boarders. $25. could stay
home nights if desired; fancy ironer, hotel
laundry. $30 and board. C. R. HAIsSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st. :
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. IC4 Geary St.. want to-
day— cooks and housegirls. $25; lo girls. SZ'J,
and a number of girls, $15 to $18; housekeeper,
country $15; second girl, country, see party
here 9:30; housegirl. small family, country,
. see Darty here 10 a. m. ; second girl, young
seminary, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary at. ...■.■-
COOK, $40; 3 second girls, $25 and $20: house-
work girl, Petaluma, $20; Oakland. 520; San
Rafael $25; 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $lo-
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NURSEGIRL. $12: cook. $20; nurse, $25. MIS 3
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NURSERY governness; $30: German or French
* preferred. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MOTHER and daughter, or 2 sisters; country;
$40. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Norwegian waitress and second
girl desires situation: best references; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl; country; $25. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. ,
LAUNDRESS, $25, country: laundress, city,
$25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St. : ;■". :'./■
NEAT second girl; Berkeley; $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
GIRL to wash diFhes; • $10; country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK $30, Santa Cruz; fcousegirl, San Jose,
see lady here 10 o'clock, $25; housegirl. short
distance. $30; second girl. $20; nurse »20.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
NURSE one child, Oakland. $20; German nurse-
girl, one child 7 years old, $15; 8 young girls
to assist housework, $10 to $12. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st. •
SECOND girl. San Mateo. $25; German house-
girl, two in family, $20; middle-aged woman,
small ranch, $20; young nurse girl. $12 to $1»;
10 houseglrls at $20 each: 3 cooks, German
style. $25. MRS. NORTON, 313 Suiter st.
TWO second girls, $20: 2 German and Ameri-
can nurses, $20; Protestant cook, 3 in family,
a short distance. $2",; 5 cooks, German style,
$25; 3 neat girls for cooking and housework,
$25;" working housekeeper, $15; and girls for
housework too numerous to advertise. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
COOK few boarders. $20: 12 waitresses, hotels
and restaurants, $20, $5 or $6 week; 2. mang-
ier* in laundry. $20;- 2 chambermaids, assist
waiting. $20; and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st. J
WANTED more families, > women and children
for the hop fields; good camping ground and
water. ' For full particulars apply to MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay, st.
NEAT young girl for chamberwork and wait-
ing, plain country hotel, $15; fare paid.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
CHAMBERMAID and laundress, $25; cook, $35;
2 nurse girls. $15; seamstress, $25; S girls for
housework- and assist. MRS. HIRD. 631
Lark In Bt. '
BY a wholesale firm, a clerk who Is Quick at
figure? has stood high in her class at school
and resides with her parents in this city.
Address in own handwriting, O. A., box 250,
Call office.
WANTED— SOO young ladles for the marches
and ballets for the big Battle of Manila pro-
duction. Apply at Central Park bet. 11 and
12 a. m.
WANTED— German nurseglrl. upstairs work;
ironing: generally useful: wages $15; refer-
ences. 6 Columbia square. ' ■ -
WANTED— cook and. laundress; German
preferred; wages $25. Apply 926 Grove St.,
bet. 10 a. m. and 4 p. m.
WANTED— A girl for general housework; 3in
family; no children. Call before noon, 1318
Masonic aye., take Halght-st. cars.
WANTED— A' girl to assist in general house-
work near San Jose. Address MRS. F. S.
COATS, Campbell. Cal. ■
YOUNG girl to make herself generally useful
and be companion to a lady. 9 to 12 a. m..
716 Franklin at. £^
FIRST-CLASS business woman for i a good
business. P. O. box 158, Oakland.
STENOGRAPHER: state references and wages;
must write good hand. S. T. E.. box 475, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman: light housework in
small family; wages $9. Box 7115, Call office.
jIRL between 14 and 17 to assist in housework.
119% Fell st.
YOUNG girl for light housework; $3 month;
sleep home preferred. 112 Morris aye.
FESSYE — If you still want position address
J. C. R.. Occidental Hotel.
WANTED— For custom coats, an experienced
hand. Call 90S Market St., bet. 9 and 10 a. m.
WORKING housekeeper; 3 cooks; 6 girls for
second work. TAYLOR & CO.. 1023 Market.
WANTED— A young girl for light housework.
129 Perry st. -^
WANTED — A first-class Ironer on ladles'
clothes. 10 Oak st.:
FINISHER : wanted on custom coats and but-
ton holes. 123-Russ st.
APPRENTICE wanted on custom coats. 373
Natoma.
3OOD waitress wanted; $5 per week. 106 Sec-
ond st. ■ • .- .'■
WANTED— Chambermaid. Call at 630 Third st.
PRES3ER wanted. Golden Gate Dye Works
342 McAllister st.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit, 376 San
Jose aye. ■ .
OPERATORS wanted on custom coats. 604 Jes-
sie st., near Seventh.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit and
can. Apply immediately at cannery. Bran-
nun st., between Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit. Apply
CODE-POHTWOOD CANNING CO.. Tenth
and Bryant sts. • • - . . •»
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
at Cutting Fruit Packing Company. 1150 Har-
WANTED- Middle-aged woman to assist In
housework. 313 Tenth st. -
TAILORING and dressmaking thoroughly
taught at KEISTER'S. lIS McAllister st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School. 1079 Market
gt. . perfect fit: no trying on: trial free.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
1000 LABORERS and rockmen for railroad
work in British Columbia; $2 a day; long
job; reduced fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Gea.ry st. :
100 LABORERS and rockmen for the Skaguay
Railroad in Alaska; $3 a day; fare, $22 50;
next steamer sails Sunday.- August 14. C. K.
r HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
-" HELP WASTED-Contln»««.
ifITTHORSE scraper teamsters for -the Valley
Road, $20 and found and free fare 10 tunnel-
men for railroad work. $2 50 a .day. 6 im^ c $ , er £
and laborers for tunnel work, $170 to ♦- *
day; 10 laborers for large, mine $1 60 to $2-0
per day; 20 laborers for a railroad in the
woods. $20 and board; 2 farmers i and r^ a nd
$40 and $30; tie makers, wo C' 1 h p p!.a r v
axmen. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK and wife, country' hotel. $70; cook, small
resort. $35: steward for officers' mess, coun-
try $30: waiter for miners' boarding house
$25; German waiter, country hotel. "a. a
young Germans or Scandinavians for indoor
"work, $25: head laundryman. $30, washer,
country. $30; kitchen hand, $30. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HFAD chute builder for the woods. $50 and
board. C. R- HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
6 COAL miners to go north. C. R. HANSEN
_ CO., 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READY MURRAY ft READY
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
. . Wants to-day
54 men as common laborers to work at mines,
from $2 50 day ••••• •
...No experience required
s'faYm 'hands $26 and $20 and found
3 choremen • U» and foun*
5 pruners. orchard $20 and four*
3 scraper teamsters %l :,(l d«r
68 woodchoppers 84 tie maker*
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
$3 DAY ....3 strong laborers ....$3 day
To work on a hay press; hoe down. $1 50 day;
2 3"Oung men to work around gardens, $10 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 633
Clay st. __
10 ITALIAN laborers .....$175 day
For a mine. MURRAY & READY. 634 and
636 Clay st.
18 COOKS.. $60. $50, $40 and $30 and found
6 waiters .........$25 and $20 and found
5 dishwashers $30. $15 and $20 and found
3 choremen around hotels.slo and $lo and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
LAUNDRY HELP ■•.•- •■■•
Polisher, fare paid $«>_ and found
Ironer. /are paid $&> and found
2 laundrymen, plain work, hotels. .. .... found
...$25 and $20 and found
BedmakVr." MURRAY & READY. 634 and 633
Clay st.
BLACKSMITH for a vineyard. MURRAY _
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
J BOYS to learn trades, city. $3 week
Boy to work in a store, city.... •■••-• j* 3 weeK
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
MAN and wife: man to dl iS?fkßtY
found; wife as chambermpid. MURRAY _
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
PORTER, country commercial hotel, $20 and
found MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay st.
BUTCHER, country, $30 and found. MURRAY
6 READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
293 HOP ?estlrdayTbtrcrops";'Vou"c^i' ___ _
Sent 35 yesterday; big crops; you can ha\ c a
good outing and make big money. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
WANTED-Drlver for milk wagon In city, ref-
erences required. $30 and found; 150 men,
women and boys and girls to pick hops .good
chance; blacksmith helper for ranch. $30 and
board; young German to work around bak-
ery and learn trade, $22 per month and board
and Increase; intelligent young man to learn
professional nursing in hospital; strong boy
as assistant porter for city institution, $18
and found; cooks, waiters, dishwashers and
others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st.
WANTED— 2 coachmen, $25 and $30; Scotch far-
mer, $25; starcher and washer, country laun-
dry. $30 and found; 2 miners, $2 50 day; black-
smith. $35 and board; tankmaker; laborers, $2
and $30 and board. Apply to J. F. CRObETT
& CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— country restaurant, fare paid.
$40; cook and wife, country hotel, $66; cook.
$8 week, and other kitchen help. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento Bt.
WANTED— cook. $35; second cook, $55;
waiter, $30; man about place, country. $20;
gadener, $25; dishwasher, $25; assistant to
chef In restaurant, young man, • $25; butler.
$40; cook, private country. $30; and others. j
ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
5 YOUNG men to pick fruit. $15 and board:
hostler, near city, $25; washer for stable, $25;.
cook, country hotel, $50; waiter, boarding-
house $25: wood-choppers and ax. men. R.
T. WARD & CO.. 608 and 610 Clay at.
500 MEN for B. C, $2 per day and up: fare
advanced from Victoria to works; leavr Sun-
day. Apply Employment Office. 1023 Market.
BOY about 15 to run errands from 7:30 to 10:39
p. m every other week: salary $2 50: refer-
ences. Call on BERNHEIM & BLINN, cor.
Polk and Sutter sts.. bet 11 and 1 p.m. to-day.
GENERAL tailor for the country. J. BAUM-
GARTEN & CO., 7 Montgomery st.
BOY for printing office: one with experience
preferred. 109 California St.. room 21. .
BOY from 15 to 18 to work in a restaurant. In-
quire PAGE & FALCH'S Turk and Mason.
STEADY man for office work; good- wage*:
small capital required. 30 Kearny st., room J.
IF you have $5 call 29 Grant aye., learn to
make $10 a day.
FIRST-CLASS lady's tailor wanted. 408 Sutter
st. SCHIMMEL & STOVER.
COOK wanted for English ship. Apply at once
to W. P. HERMAN. 26 Steuart St.
WANTED— for barber shop; young
man. 779 Market St., near Fourth.
GO to 29 Grant aye.. room 24, and learn how
to make $10 a day.
YOUNG men for whitewashing. Apply early
this morning, 1411 Jackson St. ■ •: '.-:
GOOD barber wanted for Wednesday, Satur- '
day and Sunday: wages $5. 701 Larkin st.
PAPER hanser wanted this morning at 138
Eleventh st.
AN easy thing to make $10 a day. 29 Grant
aye.. room 24.
SEVERAL hounds broken for deer hunting.
Address box 11. Call office^ . ' :
WANTED— A messenger boy; state age and
give references. Address in own handwriting,
Postofflce box 2045. . . ..;?---;'
LIVE business man wanted to represent a
paying business. L. C. EWELL. 43 Sixth st.
OOA.L miners who have worked in pitch vein
wanted. Apply to TESLA COAX. CO., room
515, 328 Montgomery st. '- -• r-u
TO TAILORS— Coat makers wanted. Apply at
11 a. m. at the Stevenson-street entrance.
CHARLES LYONS. 721 Market st.
WANTED — and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
r""ms; 25c per eight; $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.: tel. Grant 136.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart. .
WANTED— At Montana House. 764>4 Mission,
men to take rooms: 10c. 15c and 25c per
night: 60c. 60c an.l SI per week.
MEN to learn barber trade in 8 weeks. - San
Francisco Barber College. 13a^ Eighth st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 604 Davis St.. near Jackson.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order $2 50: .men's
soling, 35c: only one price. 959 Howard st.
st._t,elow Sixth.
THY^gog^j^ y-Jbgow "*>.
WANTED-To collect wages due laborers and
clerks Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter st.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 75c and $V
w«*k. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER HOI.. 44 Third St.. near
Marker 200 rooms. 25c --M; reading room:
free 'bus an., baggage to and from the ferry.
~~~ HOUSES WANTED.
vttfTousT' large grounds; as care taker pay
rent: reference. Box 341. Call office. Oakland.
FLATS WANTED.
Flat of 4 rooms and bath; not to
exceed $12. M. A., box 240. Call office.
ROOMS AND BOARD AV ANTED.
MARRIED couple want Bunny suite with
board: state location and terms, which must
be reasonable. Address A., box $333. ■ Call.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CASH for fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer-
chandise; sold on commission; reasonable. - E.
COHN, auctioneer, 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
H BAUM buys furniture and general mer-
chandise. 1057 Market st. : tel. Jessie 32.
__— LOST.
LADY'S old gold watch; name engraved. Mrs.
_. Faulkner. 613 Folsom St.; reward.
LOST— passbook with the Hibernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco. In
the name of ROSE RYDEfN. No. 201—1053.
The finder will please return to bank. _^
LOST— Full-grown lemon and white pointer
dog. Return to 3214 Jackson st. and receive
liberal reward. '
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name Of MRS. GEORGIANA McILWAIN.
. No. 199,893. The finder will please return to
bank. ;
_ __________ _ __
TO LEASE.
THE old building of the Y. M. C. A.. 233
Putter St.; long lease ; very low terms; : can
be rented as a whole or In divisions; large-
and splendid location; no reasonable rent r»>
I. fused. Apply to MADISON & BURKE.,■■'■. : ' ..• BUSINESS CHANCES.
=-."..S?6O— CIGAR stand, laundry office; north of
• '. .Market;- fine, fixtures, clean stock; a snap;
. . -owner- has other business. M. LESS, 765
v ■- .Market St.. opposite Phelan building.
.'.FIRST-CLASS corner saloon; billiards, pool,
'. -'.side' -.rooms; s central: must sell this week;
•-• 320.(k M. LESS. 765 Market, opp. Phelan bldg.
. % .:$2C>O --FR-t'IT and vegetable store; north of Mar-
•■■ " -Kei'i horse and wagon; living-rooms; rent
. -'.cheap-:, good living; present owner there 6
■■■ : - years; .must be sold at once: owner going-
•-'• :i-.\iiy.. M. LESS, 763 Market St., opposite
.... Phelan building. ..-,, ;;.--. -,y-.
, -.TO; Lei;— A nice store for saloon and restaurant
'•in- a good location; rent only $20. M. LESS.
- .76.5 -Market St.. opp. Phelan building.
...' ; $50C-^COUNTRY saloon in liveliest town near
• ;:-c-ity.; positively best location there; must sell
. " on.- account of sickness. Apply M. LESS, 763
.Market, st.
,'■'. A-7CORNER grocery and bar on Larkin st. ;
•established many years; known as a leading
•■"' "a"nd money-making place; must be sold at
■ "' ".once, on account of other business investment
'■_;■ of- '-..owner. Particulars WILKE. 753% Mar-
■• : ; -ket st. ; new number 545.
'. .S4OO— CORNER grocery and bar; 2 blocks 8. of
..Market: living-rooms: good-paying place; low
■-. -rent. WILKE. 845 Market st.
1 i&6O-.-RESTAURANT kept by owner for 20
• ' -.years and doing Al paying business; no low
■ ' prices; located close to Market and Ellis eta.;
ij.Tare chance. Call WILKE, MO Market St.,
• • 1 ..door east from Fourth st.
: .'."-»3OO^SALOON on Third St., 2 blocks from Call
office-; stock worth the money; great sacrifice
' ' - account sickness of proprietor. See WILKt,
.' 545 Market St.
I >V— s'2soo; CORNER saloon, doing a rushing and
" first-class paying business; very best down-
" 'town location; building including long ground
•■ '"lease; owner has another place: must sacrl-
• flee. Particular- WILKE. 846 Market et.
• A— $1000; CORNER saloon, close to Call bulld-
' " •irrg kept by owner S years and doing an ex-
• •' oeTlent business; large stock; low rent: very
beet offer in the market for locution and busl-
" hep's. WILKE. B4ij Market it.
■ $5S£-CORNER grocery, bar, living rooms; in-
•■ voice $600; don't miss this. KREDO _ CO.
; i '-'■■' \M'Y and Ice cream: $S daily; fine liv-
ing rooms, a snap. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary
'■*TSO— MEAT market; wholesale bill $3000
•V monthly; all cash custom. KREDO & CO.,
' ■-.22m Geary st.
'. BOO— LAUNDRY route clears $25 per week;
' .• good horse and wagon. KREDO & CO., 22%
- . " • Geary. ■
■ .SBQO— CORNER liquor Btore; No. 1 location; fine
"■ fixtures; good stock; cheap rent; pays well.
.'•' See <-U8 STRAND, M Kearny st. £
''SALOON men, attention; fine corner saloon
." will be sold to-day to highest bidder. GUS
• • STRAND, 30 Kearny St., room 9.
■ "• $250— CORNER saloon on leading business
... -'street; 4 living moms; rent $20. Particulars
• ,Ctty Agency (JONES & SEARLL), B6S Market
• -f 4so— DAIRY produce and delicacy store; lead-
": • Ing street: dolr.g good business: 4 living rms.;
•■ ■ -City Agency (JONES & SEARLL), 865 Markt.
■ A-rGOOD-PAYING corner grocery and bar;
• ' $:100. ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market St.
•A— DELICACY store: 2 rooms: rent $12: good
• . •••corner. ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market st.
• . :SSSO— CORNER grocery and bar; established 30
• ■• years; retiring from business; good horse
• - and wagon: long lease to responsible party.
• Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st.
: . : $150— SALOON, stock. billiards; furnished
-■ ° thorns; must sell this week. BASILE, &73%
'. ■ Market st.
-• CHiANCE of a lifetime— man with money to
.- ••manufacture a money-making, first-class pat-
•. ■ent can be made here or in the East, and
. ._ will give large returns on the investment,
either cash or property taken as part pay-
ment. Any one desiring to enter business in
. ..the East or in this State will do well to in-
:' . .- vestigate. Address box C.0.05, Call.
.._______ „ ____„
♦750— 5750— 5250—
-• The above sums are available for Investment
in some legitimate business; only those that
.■"can stand rigid investigation need apply.
. . • . ' ROBERT GOULD.
.. ••_ • 131 Montgomery st.
' ■ $3?O— PARTNER wanted, light business; $18 to
• -".-$25 a- week each; no experience required; trial i
■giv£n. Apply 10 to 12, 9 Geary st., room 2.
' FOR SALE cheap— A good paying barbershop
' .in town 1000 inhabitants. Address, P. FILIP-
;'PO, Calistoga.
'. CHICKEN ranch for sale, cheap. Call at 916
; .'Howard St.. rooms 8 and 9.
'$80 BUYS a two-thirds interest In good paying
business. Apply 909% Mission st.
.. BRANCH bakery, notions and confectionery; j
neatly fitted up; owner occupying it last 5 '
years; sales average $5 per day; parlor, 2 ;
1 bedrooms, dining room and kitchen; rent $13; .
' ° 'can be paid out of bakery; real bargain at f
" .- $200; satisfactory reasons for selling. JOHN-
_.. STON & CO.. 872 Broadway, Oakland.
.ONE-HALF or whole interest In a well estab-
■ ' lished employment bureau, real estate ex-
change and business opportunities; half, $250;
whole. $500. Address Business, Call branch j
■; office, 908 Broadway, Oakland.
SOBER, steady ■ plumber and tinsmith can tak«
■- "long-used shop in center of town St. Helena;
• * German preferred; rent $10 month. Address
' . ROSSI _: ANDERSON. St. Helena.
.'. FIRST-CLASS saloon; long time established;
best location in Oakland; valid reasons for
v- • Belling; cheap; principals only. Apply K. L.,
. . . box S. Call office. Oakland.
■•OLD established picnic place; good business;
. a bargain; acre of ground; horse, buggy and
■ . cart; -milch cows; splendid 6-room house with
. '■ .'bath; stable and barn. Apply 23 Third st.
. ■' 1600— SALOON in good location; must be sold
, .' at once on account of sickness; trial given.
, ."• Inquire at C. R. THRANE, 10 Seventh st,
-._»LD established bakery in country for sale;
■• -: proprietor has another business on hand. Ad-
: - dress P. O. box 94, Napa, Cal.
• : ARGONAUT saloon, corner Twelfth and Mis-
■ sion; must sell on account of sudden de-
' parture. ■ i
■.SHOE shop and furniture cheap; paying busi-
•;. ness; owner leaving town. Box 1657, Call.
'"' BAKERY: 7 barrels flour sold over the coun-
• ter; cheap. 40 San Pablo aye.. Oakland.
• ' CORNER grocery and saloon for sale.
"Box 431. Call office.
•'! SPLENDID opportunity: best 2-chalr barber
■-. .shop in Cal.; good business, etc.; no reason-
V able offer refused. 1504 Park St., Alameda.
'",' $100— PARTNER wanted to start branch ba-
• " kery, candy, coffee and chop house. MRS.
" " .WARD. 448 Third St.
•' OLD-ESTABLISHED drinking- saloon for sale
' cheap. Inquire 650 Sacramento st., nr. Kearny.
'.'•FOR SALE— Fine restaurant; good location;
■ ' fine business; investigate; account of sick-
.'■■-. ness. -Inquire 216 East Main st., Stockton.
■' BOARDING house with 11 furnished j
' rooms; 18 regular boarders; trial before buy- |
.-.".' lng. Address M. J., box 4. Call office, Oakland.
•' GOOD harness business for sale; work enough
"-. • for two men; thorough investigation given;
. ;. • reduce stock If necessary. 621 E 12th, Oakland.
. $800— MILK route for sale. Address P. O. box
I- 181. Santa Rosa, Cal. ■
• -BARGAIN— Paying dairy, route, cows, equip-
•■■ -ment; supply select Oakland customers; sell-
:. ■ Ing acct. health. Dairy. Call office. Oakland.
-. HALF or whole Interest In good paying butcher
• : shop.; cash business; elegant fixtures; central
'".. location. D., box 3, Call office. Oakland.
..DELICACY store; rent $10; must- be sold; no
'." reasonable offer refused; party obliged to
■' le.ave city. 1438 Howard st.
• FOR- SALE— A good business barber shop. Ap-
;. ply DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st.
- OUTSIDE city paper route (Call). Apply 3164
•• Twenty-fourth st. % __
"■ TO PRINTERS— CompIete Job office in Oak-
: ; • land; cheap for cash. D.. box 1, Call, Oakland.
. FOR sale— Call route at San Jose. For par-
■ , . • titulars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
: ■ W. CAS WELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
• . CARPET CLEANING.
•' CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works— Cleans,
: moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
■ • 38 and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250.
:. WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Bend to BPACI.DING'S Pioneer Carpet-
- • Beating Works 188-67 Tehama st.J tel. S. 40.
.-. . ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Batter st.j
; tel. Main 354. OEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor.
. .J MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-Cleaning Co., 433
, ' . Stevenson st.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
. .CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard- re! aid at 3c ~
STRATTON, I Eighth st : tel Jessie 944
• J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
•' • nt.: cleaning 3c yard; tel Mission 74.
: CON KLIN' B Carpet-Beating Works 333 Golden
; •' Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
■"'.■ SEWING MACHINES^ ~7.
' AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and ~ White
,- cheap; . repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission et.
: $2 MONTHLY, rented, repaired, bought sold-
• machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
• 'ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged rented*
. repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
"'_ '  TYPEWRITERS.
'ALL typewriters sold and rented! f-w partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
" -prices. ALEX AND! R & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
NEW Hammond, $35: Callgraph. $15; Yost. $23;
get sample work. SCOTT. 233 Montgomery.
~ PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence.
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
HEADQUARTERS FOR
ROOMING-HOUSES, HOTELS,
BOARDING-HOUSES,-
FLATS. PRIVATE HOMES.
CITY AND COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
6-room flat; central $150
10 rooms; corner; very good 250
24 rooms; sunny corner; clears $100 900
58 rooms; corner; clears $250 2200
40 rooms: easy payments; call for price.
44 rooms; 25 bay windows; corner... 3000
26 rooms; new and good 1600
100 others; 2 to 300 rooms: prices $100 to.. 8000
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
KREDO & CO 22% Geary st.
Money to loan at low interest
105 rooms; best paying In city $4,200
53 rooms; 30 bay-windows 1,600
48 rooms; best on Geary 2,000
3S rooms; corner; doctor pays rent...... 900
34 rooms; fine corner; half cash 2,000
23 rooms; clears $75 month 650
20 rooms; two entrances; -Market 300
19 rooms; corner; best transient 1,100
11 robins; Geary; doctor pays rent 560
9 rooms; also 8 rooms; bargains 225
Others too numerous to mention. KREDO & CO.
A— ROOMS; clears $125 $1200
33 rooms; north of Market St.: fine 1900
32 rooms; sunny corner; running water 1600
31 rooms; transient; Market st 850
13 rooms; select; transient corner 300
14 rooms; fine house; income $50 clear.... 900
40 rooms; elegant; part cash; a snap
24 rooms; best in city: cheap 1700
i E0 rooms; part cash; transient 1450
5 rooms; beautiful home; see it 250
15 rooms; Market st. ; clears $200; cheap... 860
ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st. (L. W.
ROGERS, formerly clerk for H. C. Decker.)
DOWNTOWN 150-room hotel, completely fur-
nished: payinsr $800 per month profit: to '«»
an estate; will sell for $2500. A. M. SPECK
_ CO., 60S Market st. ;;. .;
10 ROOMS, new furniture, 13 and. 13% Powell
St., opposite Baldwin Hotel. For terms, etc.
' apply on premises or A. M. SPECK _ CO.,
602 Market Ft.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
THE RECOGNIZED LEADER
Of Clairvoyance and Occult Science.
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST.
MANY IMITATE,
BUT NO ONE CAN EQUAL.
PROF. M. OMAR The Occult Wonder
HAS NO EQUAL.
326.... EDDY 5T.... 825.
Gives full name of every caller.
Names of your sweethearts or husband.
Gives advice to make you successful in love,
business, marriage, divorce, law suits, etc.
Cures drunkenness, bad habits, evil influences.
OMAR.. NEVER FAILS
TO UNITE THE SEPARATED
and
Causes speedy and happy marriages.
Guarantees success in all cases.
Private .Residence.
Separate parlors for ladles and gentlemen.
. All business sacredly confidential.
Letters containing 4 questions and $1 answered.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK
Unrivaled.
Trance Clalrvc-ant and Medium.
While entranced she will reveal every hidden I
mystery in life: will show you how to over- i
come your enemies, remove family troubles, j
restore lost affections; unites the separate, re- '
covers lost, stolen or buried property; locates ,
treasures, minerals; tells your entire life,
past, present and future, while in a perfect j
trance. Hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect i
ratlsfaction guaranteed by mail. Send stamp
for circular with special terras.
Rooms 25 and 26, 1206 Market street.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY.
Medical clairvoyant and medium, will diag-
nose diseases and treat with revealed reme-
dies, which are a boon to suffering humanity;
stamp for circular. 232 Stockton st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second '
sight; diagnoses disease; full life reading; la. '
60c, gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk, j
MRS. DR. ANNA' THOMAS, first in her pro- j
feesion; never fails; advice; help. 929 Post st. |
MRS. DR. RAMONDI: ' your fortune told by j
chlrography, $1 and $2. 109 Grant aye., room 2. !
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past, ;
present and future; 2. r .c. 148 Sixth _t.. room 10.
SONORA RAMON A. medium and card reader;
10c; ladies only. 23 Ash aye. 'A.:?
MME. SODAN. Scotch seeress, card reader and J
palmist; from I to 8. 619 Eddy st. j
MME. MoRKAU. best medium ' and card
reader; 23c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business j
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus- !
band's picture, 25c; ledies. 914 O'Farrell st.
SPIRITUALISM.
AT 111 Larkln st., 8 p.m.. speaking. Mr. Green;
tests, Mrs. Ellis and Cowell of Oakland. Fri.
MRS. FULTON TULEY. materializing seance
to-night and Friday; 50c. 1513 Geary st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 212% Sixth st. \ j
M. FRANCES, Independent slate-writing- me-
dlum. 118 Halght st. .
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, trance '
test medium and life reader. 282 Stockton st. 1
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
ings. $1; clr. Tues., Frl . 2 p. m.: Sat. 8: 250.
PALMISTKY.
MRS. CHANDLER;- readings daily at resi-
dence, 363 Geary st. •■". ■ ;
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright' pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the |
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains |
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy :
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter 1
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and '
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house i
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades I
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every- j
thing possible done to please and satisfy the j
customer.
A— MARSHALL & WENDELL, $75; C. Hall. I
$100; Bradbury, $130; Neuman, $145; Sterling, !
$185; Estey, $190: guaranteed; easy payment*, j
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, Chickerlng agents. I
16 O'Farrell st. j
WE invite critical examination; new store, new I
goods. CLARK WISE & CO., 41 Geary St.; i
corner Grant aye., Connover agents.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby. Evans,
Brlggs and other pianos: see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308, 310. 312 Post st.
FINE upright for $150; come early if you want
to secure a bargain. THE ZENO MAUVAIS i
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.
A— UPRIGHT; $5 Installments; other cheap
pianos. 216 McAllister st.
ELEGANT new pianos for rent. $2 50 month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest; price lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rents, $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister St.,
next Hlbernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER _ CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 1 H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
NINTH, 167— Branch office of The CalL Sub-
scrlptlona and want ads taken.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-haud machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. f&5-197 Fremont st.
ONE barber chair, new style, cost $30, sold at
bargain; one range, cost $65, sold at bargain.
A. X.. box 8, Call office. ;
NEARLY new Dr. Sanden electric belt for sale
cheap. A., box 60. Call office.
NEW 16- foot oak bar and back, bar. A.
STRAND. &18 Bush st. -
NICE young fresh family cow for sale. Apply
at Twenty-fifth Bt. and San Bruno aye. '
FRESH young cow; rich milk- gentle; or will
exchange for dry cow. 1312 Folsom st.
SOME fine cows for sale at Alameda, oft Mas-"
tick station, cor. Eagle aye. and Wood st. '
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, of flee • furniture, store and '
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth. --
A FINE thing for a present;- full line of
graphophonee, $10 each and upward. PIERCE '
,<:- C 0.,.313 Emporium building..
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en- \
gines, boilers, dynamos, etc. 616 Mission st. '
PHONOGRAPHS, $20; records, $5 per dozen; -
projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl. 938-946 Market.
J. R. POOL, housemover, dealer second-hand
building material. . 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787. :
SAFES— Bargains in new and second hand; all 1
sizes; half original cost.' 109-111 Market, S. F. I ':
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, ' etc., 1
bought and soli- 1063 Mission St., nr. . Seventh. |
THE SA_N FEAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, A1 T GTJST 10, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
FILLMORE. 1720—7 large sunny modern rooms;
Karden front and rear; 4 car lines; $30.
FURNITURE of beautiful 20-room house on
Van Ness, near Ellis: bargain for cash; mod-
ern house; or will rent. 808 Van Ness aye.
GROA'E, between Buchanan and Webster-
House of 9 rooms and bath.
O'FARRELL, 1456 and 1468; sunny side; 7 rooms
and bath; rent $30; key at 1454.
i $30 — NEW modern house 8 rooms and bath;
marine view. 2331 Leavenwurth st.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
j flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
Kon.ery St.
FUR2VISHED HOUSES TO LET.
GOLDEN GATE. 1736-Furnlshed mansion, 12
rooms; heater; billiards; large garden; fine
view.
COTTAGES TO LET.
EIGHTEENTH and Guerrero — 7 sunny, papered
rooms; bath; large grounds; warm belt; $18.
4 Rooms, $9; 4 r. and bath, $14; 5 r. and bath,
i $15; 7r. and bath, $17; or will sell; $50 to $250
! cash, balance $10 to $20 per month. THE Mc-
CARTHY CO., 646 Market St., S. F.
$14— COTTAGE of 5 rooms and bath; basement
j and yard. 812 Potrero aye.
I IETH, nr. Dolores — Sunny newly renovated cot-
tages; 5 rooms; bath: basement; yard; cheap.
FLATS TO LET.
AA— DALE place, 8, off Golden Gate aye., bet.
Leavenworth and Hyde— 4 and 6 rooms; bath.
ELEGANT 7-roonj corner flat. 652 Church st..
1 block from Mission High School.
' FLAT of four rooms and bath, bay-window;
$12. 716 Natoma St., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
FULTON. 11s— Fine sunny middle flat, 7 rooms
and bath; near City Hall; $28.
HAIOHT, lu-l. bet. Broderick and Baker-
Sunny 6-room flat; fine view; near I'ark.
MINNA. 648, ne,ar Eighth— Sunny corner flat
of 4 and 7 rooms; bath; range if required; ap-
preciated if seen.
POST, 2607— 8 ay window flat of 5 sunny
rooms, $14; all modern improvements.
WANTED— Tenants: flats and cottages re-
duced; 3 rooms now $6 uj>: 4 rooms $S and up;
gr^at Inducements at SPECK & CO.'S, 602
Market St.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$10—5 ROOMS and porcelain bath; 541 Castro
St., bet. Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
$14 — 4 sunny rooms and bath; 4171 Twentieth
St.. near Castro.
$22 — 8 large rooms, new building, upper flat;
715 Castro St., near Twentieth.
$16 — 6 rooms; 16 Cumberland st., off Guerrero,
bet. Nineteenth and Twentieth.
F. NELSON, 709 Castro st.
4 ROOMS, sunny yard. 11 Harlan place, off
Grant aye., near Sutter st.
$11—8 ROOMS. 120 Valparaiso, near Jones and
Greenwich sts.
$10 50— FLAT of 4 sunny rooms. 135 A Page st.,
bet. Gough and Octavla.
$15— 2 NEW upper modern sunny flats, 5 rooms
and bath. 286S Twenty-second St., nr. Bryant.
$16— SAN JOSE aye., 143, nr. 24th— New modern
flat, 5 sunny rooms: gas, hot water, bath.
6 ROOMS. $14; aIBO comfortable cotte_-e, 4
sunny room* fi"3 Second, near Rincon aye.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 52S Polk— Nice sunny unfurnished front
suite; also single room; rent cheap.
BRANNAN. 725, above Sixth— Front bedroom
and kitchen, furnished, $S; 2 unfurnished
rooms, it.
BUCHANAN, 602, cor. Fell— Sunny bay win-
dow; running water, gas. bath, $8; $7. no gas.
EIGHTH, 246—2 furnished sunny housekeeping
rooms, $9.
KLLIS, 611— Sunny housekeeping rooms; also
2 In basement, $10 per mo. : nice and quiet.
ELLIS, 639, cor. Larkin— Large eunny room,
with gas stove and bay window alcove.
FIFTH. 322—2 sur.ny front connecting house-
kpg rooms; stove; closet; bath; private; $10.
FILLMORE, 618, near Hayep — Sunny furnished
rooms; also for light housekeeping; in good
family.
FILLMORE. 2212. near Clay — 3 Bunny unfur-
nished rooms to small family: $10.
FIRST. 303, corner Folsom — Cheap; $9; 5 rooms;
small; In excellent order.
FOLSOM, 883— A large sunny bedroom; kitchen;
yard.
FULTON, 121 ..— 2 sunny front rooms; range,
water; large yard; rent $10.
GRO\ _. 360 — 2 unfurnished sunny rooms for
housekeeping in a private family of two.
HARRISON^ m— Front and back parlors fur-
ni?hed complete for housekeeping; large yard;
rent $13.
HOWARD, 704 — Large sunny rooms suitable for
dressmaker; rent reasonable; housekeeping.
LAFAYETTE. 31. bet. Eleventh and Twelfth—
4 unfurnished rooms; rent $12.
LARKIN, 433— Neatly furnished bay-window
housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable.
LYON, 1301—2 furnished or unfurnished rooms
with use of kitch»n.
MINNA, 646— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing.
MINNA, 648 — Two large aunny rooms; unfur-
nished.
IN, 834—1 front sunny housekeeping |
room, $8; alßo others at $6; nice and quiet, j
NATOMA. 645 — 2 sunny furnished rooms, com-
plete tor botuekeepta g. yard; rent $11.
NINTH, a— Sonny suite of rooms; light house-
keeping; running water and stove.
OAK, 1191—3 or 5 furnished rooms; entrance
I'urk; gas stove, bath; cheap; also single.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— Large dining room
and kitchen, $!1 ; bay windows; gas stove.
POLK, 522— 3 furnltihed rooms, complete for
housekeeping, $15.
SCOTT, 315— Housekeeping rooms.
SIXTH, 244— Front sunny housekeeping rooms,
furnished complete.
SIXTH. 314— Front bay-window suite furnish-
ed for housekeeping; rent $10.
8' TH PARK, 184—2 large sunny rooms nicely
furnitihed for housekeeping.
THIRD, 340— Single room; rent $3 50 per month.
TURK, 539— Nicely furnished single and double
rooms, $6 and $8; housekeeping privileges.
TAVENTY-FOI'RTH, 3206, corner Howard—
Three furnished sunny rooms, with bath.
VAN NESS, E1S — 2 sunny rooms complete for
light housekeeping, with bath, $12.
ELEVENTH, 10«— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS?
WINSOR Hotel— Rooms without board: accom-
aodatlona for cooking. 9th and Washington.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House. 127
sunny rooms, en suite and single; flrst-class
in every respect; terms reasonable..
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable •
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton et. ; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 43.
A— STOCKTON, 242— Flrst-class sunny^ front
rconifc; suite, single; facing plaza; day or mo.
A— SELECT home; Hotel Florence. 102 Ellis
cor. Powell; elevator; bath_; best attention.
AT 416 O'Farrell— Sunny room- single;
by day, week or mo. ; baths, running water.' •
AT 147 Powell, 211 O'Farrell— Rooms by^ the
day, week or month; very reasonable.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Sunny~__ltes
and plnirie rooms; prices reasonable.
DF.LAWAKE, 1433 Market- Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo. '
ELLIS, 611 — Sunny furnished single and double
rooms; also large front alcove; gas and bath.
FOLSOM, 766'i— 2 large sunny furnished rooms
to let; $4 and $6.
FOLSOM. 820, near Fourth— sl week and "upT !
nice, clean, sunny single and double rooms.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished i •
rooms, suites or single. MRS. H. HYER. 3
GEARY. 61C— Elegantly furnished rms.; suites
and single; also handsome doctor's suite.
SOLDEN GATE, 332— Furnished sunny front \
rooms, single or en suite.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 250 to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and ! ]
Mission — Pleasant sunny roomu, en suite and >
elngle; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family '
rooming-house; $1 SO to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 1800, cor. Fourteenth— S or 4 sunny ]
front roorr.B; rent $8.
HYDE, 11(S (Hotel Victoria)— Unfurnished 3
sunny corner suites; running water, bath and •
gas; first-class every respect; terms rea.nble.
JONES, 207— Nicely furnished suites and single ! -
rooms; reasonable; gas: water; bath: central. ! ]
JUNIPER. 8. off Folsom, bet. 10th and 11th— 3 -
unfurnished rooms for housekeeping; bath; ' 1
furnished hall. j
ROOMS' TO Continued.
I LARKIN. 227, cor. Golden Gate— Nice sunny
I room. $7; also housekeeping suite; gas stove.
LARKIN. 804— Large sunny front, neatly fur-
nished; one or two persons; $8. f
LEXINGTON aye., 159—3 nice large sunny
rooms and cellar. $10.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-wind. w room: $1 per week.
MCALLISTER. 511— Homelike front suite for
housekeeping; single and double rooms;
cheap.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator, electric lights, day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 1307— Large handsome sunny bed-
room, or bedroom and parlor; private; refs.
OLIVE aye., 110, oft ' Polk— furnished
room, Including bath; rent $5.
PINE, 910— Quiet and homelike sunny rooms;
baths and gas; finest location in city.
POLJv. 1718— Three unfurnished ■ rooms to
let, cheap. '-
POWELL, 317, formerly Cosmos Elegant-
ly furnished rooms; reasonable.
SEVENTH, 192, near Howard (Girard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER, 121— Six sunny rooms and both to-let.
SUTTER, '531— Elegantly lighted suite rooms,
corner; suitable for studio, to rent.
HOTTER, 1148— Front suite; also 2 or 3 very
nice rooms for light housekeeping; gas and
bath.
TAYLOR, 106, near Market— Furnished rooms
for rein. 25c night and up.
TAYLOR, 108— Nice sunny front suite; 2 beds; j
running water; bath, gas; light housekeep-
ing; rent cheap.
TAYLOR, 407 — 2 furnished front rooms; nice
and sunny; -heap to right party.
TURK, 127— Nice large light parlor, suitable
doctor or office: cheap to right party.-;;
TWELFTH, 145, corner Howard— Sunny fur-
nished rooms, complete for housekeeping; also
single.
VAN NESS, 808— Beautiful sunny rooms, newly :
furnished; modern every respect. :• ' .'
WANTED— 2 young lady roomers. 339 Bush st.
*^ "™^™ — - _— _____________i
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELLIS, — Nice sunny rooms with first-class
table board; use of parlor, piano; $20 up.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE, 40S— Sunny alcove: hot and cold water;
board; for two gents; reasonable; private.
HYDE, 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Nice sunny rooms;
bath; gas; telephone; with breakfast, $10 mo.
O'FARRELL, 742— Very best board; pleasant
parlor, with piano: everything entirely new.
SOUTH PARK. 139— Good table board, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
THE HEATH. 312 Eddy— Select family board-
ing house; first-class all appointments; hot
water every room; home cooking; terms mod.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VALENCIA. 1070 (The Irving)— Family boardg;
warm belt; large grounds; sunny rooms; reas.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
CHILDREN or infants boarded, mother's care:
references; moderate. 2126 Magnolia St., Oaklnd
LADY wants to board children and give moth-
er's care. Apply 032 Stevenson st.
STORES TO LET.
A— NEW stores, 133 Ellis and 233 Powell sts.;
month free. Apply SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
FINE store, living rooms; fit for any business;
1007 Larkln St.; $14. Apply 102 Eddy st.
NORTHEAST corner Pacific and Sansome sts.;
handsome corner store; cheap to good parties.
STORE and flat to let. 60 Converse st.,- off
Bryant, bet. Eighth and Ninth. 1
STORE and living room. at 337 Noe et.;
prosperous neighborhood. . ■'".■•::.-■>
EDUCATIONAL.
SELBORNE School for boys, San Rafael; best
equipped boarding Kchool on the coast; sepa-
rate rooms; fine table; magnificent gymna- >
slum; skilled teachers: bus meets all trains: ,
parents Invited to Inspect. For illustrated !
catalogue apply to the principal, REV.
CHARLES HITCHCOCK. San Rafael.
VOCAL instruction— ANNl3 MONTAGUE
TURNER; correct and natural production of
the voice, based on natural and artistic prin-
ciples; terms beginning August 15 and after:
leseons by the month or quarter. For terms
apply personally or by letter to 930 BUsh st.,
near Jones.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorth-nd, typ-
ing-, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; cataloging.
AYRES" Business College, 723 Market St.;
individual instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50: low rates per week and month.
A LADY teaches piano and mandolin thor-
oughly; 50c an hour; excellent pianist and ac-
companist for entertainments and vocalists.
1209 Octavia st.
UNIVERSITY Coast— Perry , Ph. B., Fel-
low In Mathematics. U. C, 2407 S. Atherton,
nr. Charming way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day _ eve. ;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
VISITING governess; teaches English branch-
es, French, German, music; several instru-
ments. 603 Eddy st. ____
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
• classes; prl. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
ROBERT TOLMIE, pianist, has resumed
teaching at 1003 Sutter st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND taught In 1 month; references;
private leseons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
PIANO and German lessons, 75c; pupil of Con-
servatory in Lelpslo. 110 Hyde st.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary st.
medical:
ALL ladles— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davle3,
true friends of all invalids, meT! and women; :
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any diseases or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay self-cure sent; call or write; free; con- '
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market
st.; pills, $1; very strong. $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive: price. $1 50 per box. sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye.. S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chadlng elsewhere write us. .
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a lew hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no Instruments used;
traveler* helped at once; home In confine-
ment' every case guaranteed ; consultation
free and confidential; self-cure, $5; pills, $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 20S Turk St., near Jones.
DR WISE, late of Bcllevue Hospital, N. V. ;
offices, Hackmeler Hotel, 123 Eddy st.; hours
9 to 11, 2 to 9 and 8 to 8; consult him for
treatment on all diseases peculiar to women;
patients assured first-class . medical attend-
ance, besides enjoying: privacy of home with
experienced lady attendants; strictest confi-
dence maintained all cages; consultation free.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause: no medicine or Instru-
ments used; restores in one day without fall;
every woman her own physician; away dia-
Brrac«- consultation free; can be sent and used
at home; pills and capsules, $1: cure, $5; by
the well-known DR. POPPER. 818 Kearny st.
A. TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause: no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped Instant!:-;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st. ■ . .
A BOON to wives and mothers— price
$150; RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st. : send
2c stamp ■ for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 531 X St.. Sacramento. Cal. ; -,
Em and MRS. WEGENER. 1313 Golden Gate
aye.; private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted Into good homes.
A.LPEAU'B French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure: $2 DO;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
LADIES wishing secrecy during confinement
c.in find good home & treatment by Mrs.Karr,
2514 Fulton st. ; McAllister car passes house. .
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; home In confine-
ment; confinement alone, $5. 156 Second st.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Pueta; Infallible. safe reme-
dies; 38 years' experience. -254% Fourth st.
DR. HALL, 1228 Market St.. diseases of women
and children.
STORAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH . Storage and Moving Co.. '
office Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor- | I
age warehouse. 840 Mission st.; tel. Mint 1321. j
PERSONALS.
ANY professional or amateur photographer
having good photos of soldiers at Steuart-st.
wharf made Friday, especially representing
Red Cross work. Please describe and address
box C. 01, Call office. ______
PILES— If you are troubled with them ad-
dress box 6984, Call office, for cure.
ELECTRIC sealskin Jackets to order, $50.
MARX'S Fur Store, 957 Market st.
I MAKE it my aim to please each and every
one; hairdressing, 20c only; hair restored to
its natural color from $1 50 up; good switches,
$1; finest, $3 BO; extra, $5; open Sunday, 9 to
12. G. LEDERER, HI Stockton st. _
LEDERER'S Quinonia cleanses the scalp; has
no equal. G. LEDERER. 11l Stookton st. ■ ,
JOSEPH GREVEN'S vocal pupils are public
! favorites all over the United States; profes-
sional terms. $10 monthly, in advance, for 2
lessons weekly, only for those who start in
before the beginning of th« season — 1. c.,
August 10. 1236 Market St. >
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 CO per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. 679 Geary st.
J. KAVPTLI'S Hair Store has removed to 1038
Market: halrdressing, popular prices.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOE. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
. DRESSMAKERS,
COMPETENT dressmaker: makes children's
dresses, fitted at their homes. Address D.,
branch Call office, 387 Hayes st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dieses. S3
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy St., rm. 14-15.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14. _
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94S Market at.; tel. Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest interest. Room 1%, 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; tow rates; no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st
ANY amount at 6Vi per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
MONEY loaned on furniture and pianos without
removal. 205 Examiner building.
SECOND mortafrages and undivided Interests in
estates a specialty MURPHY. 636 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest rates;
no commission; private. 116 McAllister st.
JCO TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5: see new flexible
plates; light and thin; ' guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, f>oc; crowns, $3 30; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $3 up; fillings. 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand: open even-
ings. 997 Market st.. cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and filling a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
ALL work reasonable and ' warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by j
New York dentists. 969 Mission, cor. Sixth.
PAINLESS filling a specialty DRS. PERRY
& CHRISTIE. 8 Mason St.. cor. Market.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Furnishing and Delivering i
One Hundred (KI0) Keyless-Door Fire Alarm
Bc-xes for the Fire Alarm and Police Tele-
K.-apa.
OfficE of the Clerk of the Board of Supervi-
sors of the City and County of San Francisco,
August 9, 1898.
In accordance with resolution No. 152S
(Fourth Series) of tne Board of Supervisors,
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received in
open session of the Board of Supervisors, on
MONDAY AFTERNOON, August 15. 1898,
from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for the furnishing and
delivery (for use of the Fire Alarm and
Police Telegraph) of one hundred (100) key-
lens-door fire alarm boxes, complete with all
apparatus and connections, in accordance
with specifications on file in the office of the
Superintendent of the Fire Alarm and Police
Telegraph, at No. 17 Brenham place.
The said fire alarm boxes to be constructed
to the satisfaction of and to be approved
by the Superintendent of the Fire Alarm and
Police Telegraph and the Committee on Fire
Department of the Board Of Supervisors.
Bidders will estimate and state a price for
which they will furnish and deliver the said
boxes, complete in every particular, and ceady
for use, to the Superintendent of the Fire
Alarm and Police Telegraph, within ninety
days from date of contract.
For any further Information required, bid-
ders will apply to the Superintendent of the
Fire Alarm and Police Telegraph.
Bidders will be required to furnish a sample
of their respective Fire Alarm Boxes.
The party to whom the contract is awarded
will be required, prior to or at the time of the
execution of the contract, to pay the cost of
advertising this notice in three daily news-
papers. ;.r."
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the award the Board has resolved to
receive no bid unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
cheek for the sum of one thousand ($1000) dol-
lars deposited by the bidder with and made
payable to the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors, conditioned if the proposal be ac-
cepted and the contract awarded; and if the
bidder shall fail or neglect to pay the print-
ing charges, execute the contract and give the
required bond within six days after the
award Is made, then and in that case the said
sum shall be paid into th.- City and County
Treasury by said Clerk as liquidated damages
for such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids if the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
PROPOSALS— For the Leasing, for Five Years,
of Two Blocks of Land. Known as "Market
Places," Bounded by Channel, Irwln, Hudson
and Fifth streets.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors
of the City and County of San Francisco,
August 9, IS9S.
In accordance with Resolution No. 1531
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received In
open session of the Board of Supervisors on
MONDAY AFTERNOON, August 13, IS9B,
from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for the leasing, for a
term of five (5) years, the two blocks of city
property situated on the south side of Chan-
nel ' street, and known as "Market Places."
bounded by Channel, Irwln, Hudson and Fifth
streets, under the following conditions, to-
X%it " CONDITIONS.
The lessee shall, where necessary, fill In
the said blocks, and the said blocks must
be to the official grade at the J expiration of
the lease.
That In no event will the city and county
agree, to give an entrance or approach by
land to the paid property, as the lessee will
be required to procure a right of way by
land, if desired or required, at his own cost
and charge.
The lessee will be required to give a bond in
the sum of five thousand ($5000) dollars, with
two good and sufficient sureties thereon, that
the conditions herein required will be strictly i
complied with, and on falling to comply with j
any of the said conditions, then the said lease
shall thereupon terminate and be of no force
or effect, and the amount of said bond shall
be forfeited, and shall be paid or collected
by suit for the city and county as liquidated
damages for such failure and neglect.
' All improvements made by the lessee on said
blocks shall, at the expiration of the lease,
revert to the city and county.
Bidders will estimate and state the amount
they will. pay monthly as rental for the two
blocks Jointly, with the distinct understanding
that the lease will be made to the highest bid-
der therefor, and that the payments on said
lease shall be made monthly to the Mayor of
this city and county.
' The party to whom the lease may be
granted will be required, prior to or at the
time of the execution of the lease, to pay
the cost of advertising this and a former no-
tice In three dally newspapers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the granting of the lense, the Board
has resolved to receive no bids unless made
upon blank forms prepared by the committee,
and a certified check for the sum of one
thousand ($1000) dollars deposited by the bid-
der with and made payable to the -Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, conditioned if the
■proposal be accepted and the lease granted;
and if the bidder shall fall or neglect to pay
the printing charges and sign the agreement,
and give the required bond within six days
after the said lease, is granted, then and In
that case • the said sum shall be paid Into
the City and County Treasury by said Clerk
as liquidated damages for such failure and
neglect.
Blanks furnished by th ! Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids if the public good so require. '
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
BICYCLES. ;f;
3IG n sacrifice, second-hand bicycles; first come,
first served. J. : HOLLE, 20th and Folßom sts.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
Real Estate Agents.
$3000— Brand new 1%-story residence on
Twenty-first st., close to Bryant; contains 7
rooms, bath, etc.; lot 25x85; street bituminized
and accepted: keys at this office; open Sun-
days for Inspection between 1 and 4 p. m.
Diamond Street, Near Twentieth.
$1250 Cottage of four rooms; lot 27:6 x
lid. ■
$100 Cash, Balance $15 Monthly.
■ $1500— Nice cottage on Diamond St.. close to
Castro and Chenery; contains live rooms and
bath.
Twentieth St., near Castro; two-story
residence of 7 rooms and bath; also small
house In rear; mortgage of $1700 can remain;
lot 25x114. ■-:;.'-;■
$2000— Small amount of cash required; very
attractive bay-window cottage of 5 rooms and
bath, etc., on Jersey St., near Castro. \; \;
$28,000— Rent $330: an offer wanted: good
Chinatown investment on Washington St.;
extra large lot, over 70 feet by over 100 feet
In depth.
$4SO0 — Offer wanted; rent $47; Pine St., near
Franklin: two flats of 4 and 5 rooms and
bath each; also cottage on rear street; lot
has two frontages.
COO— Golden Gate aye.; corner of promi-
nent street; large lot, 40x90: Improvements
consist of flats and two stores; rents $177 50.
Tehama St., near Eighth; two-story
frame building, containing 8 rooms; also a
two-story house of 8 rooms in rear; rent $35;
lot 26x75.
BALDWIN & HO WELL,
10 Montgomery St.
$5 OR $10 per month will pay for a good build-
ing lot 25x120 in Sunset District, south of
Golden Gate Park; prices from $50 upward;
take a ride on the new electric cars (that
take the place of the old steam dummy) and
get off at Ninth aye. ; we have a branch
office there and our agent will supply you
with maps, etc. Branch office open Sundays.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
BETTER TIMES COMING.
BETTER TIMES COMING!
Chance to Make Money In Real Estate.
Gilt Edge Investment Seldom Offered.
$158,000
Market st., near Baldwin; 60x165 feet; double
front.
$125,000
Market St.; wholesale district; grand im-
provements: only hi cash; lot 45x135 feet; pays
6 per cent net.
$135,000
Grand corner, 100-foot front, with modern 4-
story building; all rented for $800; within block
of Baldwin; only $40,000 cash.
. $10,500
Choice Investment; lot 35x137 feet, with good
Improvements: all rented; 200 feet from Market
St., near Powell.
$52,500
Corner, 60x100 feet, within block of Baldwin
Hotel; any offer wanted, as it must be sold at
once to pay debts; only % cash required.
$120,000
Kearny St., near Market; large lot, with im-
provements; pays 6 per cent net; offer wanted.
Western Addition business corner lot, 50x100
feet; stores and flats; bank mortgage, $16,000; a
snap.
$18.000
Factory or wholesale business property on
First., near Mission; 2 frontages; about 70-foot
front.
Broadway (north side street) residence, near
Buchanan; lot 45x137:6 feet; 12 rooms; marine
view.
$8500
4 modern flats, Hayes Valley; rents $900; large
lot.
' $7000 ' _t -'-'
8 fine flats within block of City Hall; rents
$3000
6 flats, % block from Odd Fellows' ; rents $62.
$2300 — —
4 fiats, near Third st. rents $32.
Other bargains. 50-page catalogue.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
$2000 — ONE-SIXTH cash, balance small
monthly payments; 4 rooms and bath cottage
finished complete with every modern conve-
nience; lot 25x114, on Twentieth St., near Castro.
$3600— CASH, balance installments: a
large 6-room 2-story house with- high finished
basement; highly decorated and 4 bay-windows;
street accepted; choice location. Castro St.,
near Twentieth. F. NELSON, 709 Castro st.
MUST be sold; cottage 6 sunny rooms and
bath; high basement; front and back garden;
everything in first-class order: street work
all clone; part cash: lot 25x137:6. 2SIB Bush
St., between Baker and Lyon.
$325— LARGE lot, 44x103:6, north line Howth St.,
near Geneva aye.; 2 car lines; Spring Valley
water; nice neighbors. Owner, 21 Powell, r. 1.
PLANS, specifications, etc., submitted for any
kind of bldg. W. Rednall, bldr.. 1326 Hayes.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing. _^^^^^^
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
$150 FOR 10 acres; payable $10 a month, with-
out interest or taxes; fine valley land, under
Irrigation canal; railroad runs through the
tract; fine fruit and farming land-; only 18
tracts left: call immediately and secure one
before it is too late. WESTERN LAND CO.,
640 Market st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HANDSOME modern home; just completed: 2-
story, 7-room; modern in every particular;
completely finished and specially well built;
lot 40x12.".: 3 minutes from local station, 30
minutes from San Francisco; one of the
choicest residence localities in Oakland; easy
monthly payments. HERON & HOLCOMB.
1050 Broadway.
FORECLOSURE bargains offered by Oakland
Building and Loan Association. 1151 Twenty-
third aye.. East Oakland. Cal.
Lots from $150 up.
Houses, 5 to 8 rooms, from $1000 to $4000.
Call and see our list.
NEW modern home; a bargain; must be sold;
near Grove-st. electric cars; within city lim-
its; 10 rooms and bath; cement basement;
nickel-plated open plumbing; all modern con-
veniences; lot 60x120. Apply to owner at once,
810 Thirty-sixth St., Oakland.
J. CALLAGHAN. real estate dealer, notary
public; property looked after. 814 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
RESIDENCE: 9 rooms; bath; barn; large lawn:
tennis court; conservatory; rent cheap; cen-
tral; 689 24th St.. nr. Grove. Apply owner. R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle Fact.. 16JS Grove.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
SUNNY rooms with board: quiet neighborhood;
near local trains. 1020 Adeline St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 403 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAJUEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA BARGAINS.
$1300— Lot 33:4x100; neat house; 4 rooms and
bath: any terms.
$1500— Lot 25x150; nice bouse; 5 rooms and
bath; any terms.
$2200— Lot 25x147; nice new shingled 2-story
house; 6 rooms and bath.
$1500 — Lot 40x100; 2-story; 7 rooms; worth
$2500. •
$2800— Lot 42x150: elegant new modern cottage;
7 rooms and bath; up-to-date.
$3000— Lot 42x150; fine NW. corner: 7 rooms
and bath: new and modern.
Lot 100x145: ok. ant corner lot, with » rooms
and bath, stable, fruit trees, etc.
All well located; near school and station;
street work done. Apply at once to
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
Houses to let. 1432 Park St.. Alameda.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE. v
GRAIN and fruit ranch, only 26 miles from
San Francisco, to exchange for San Francisco
or Oakland , property. Address room 17, 407
San Pablo aye.. Oakland. Cal.
HORSES.
TROTTING cart, cost .5100. for $40; young
mare, handsome, speeds, well broke for city.
W. E. SHAW, 1929 Market st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness;' Grand' Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
- kinds; 40 horses: must' sell. Emporium Sales
Yards, 220 Valencia st. • ■
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FIXE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack., 828 Harrison st. •
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. . Lie-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkin, opp. City Hall.
.__ „ j-EGAL NOTICES. ~~
EXTENSION of protest — CAPTAIN JOR.
EHRICH JENSEN, master of the German
ship Pampa (R. I. H. N.), will extend his
protest on FRIDAY, August 12, IS9S, at 10
o'clock a. m., at the office qf the Imperial
German Consulate at this city, 318 Sacra-
mento st. LOHAN,
Imperial German Vive-Consul.
San Francisco, August S, IS9S.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-£.t-la,w, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collections,
free advice; open cv. AttyMcCabe.lo3 Larkin.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St.
j L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckeis bldg.. 927 Mar-
j . ket; consultation free; no fees in advance.
339 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call."
Subscriptions and ads taken.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Nelson 11. Townaend and Matilda M. Pape. 33-33
George Metzer and May Silvin 25-25
G. S. Frecos and Koe A. Germehe 34-2J
Martin Holden and Mary Murray 30-34
William Merz and Anna Seitz 25-27
Fritz Schluter and Frances Lindsay 43-31
; Martin Halloran and Jessie M. Bigley 32-28
| Murray Meyers and Mabel Kal.n ; 23-13
; BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent br
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication office*
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
MANNING— In Los Angles, August 5, 1898, to
the wife of Thomas Manning, a son.
SCHULER— In this city, 1 August 3, IS9S, to the
wife of C. H. Schuler, a son.
STRAUSE— August 1, 1898. to the wife of
Asher Strause. a daughter.
MARRIED.
GOTTSTEIN— BECKER— In this city, August
7, 1898, by the Rev. Joseph Wlllner, Nathan
Gottstein and Ethel Becker, both of San
Francisco.
: KAMINSKI— KAMINSKI— In this city. August
'.'. 183&, by the Rev. Joseph Willner. Samuel
: J. Kaminski and Rebecca Kaminski, both of
Ban Francisco.
DIED.
Bernhetm. Hilda Markland, Dorothy
Borrer, Edward J. Petersen, Hulda P
Fisher, Mary Pierce, Harold H.
Fitzgerald (infant) Schroeder, Charles
Foley, Mamie I. Sprockets, Augusta
Greene, Marlon Sutro, Adolph
Holden, Nancy Tagliaferro, Frances
Hustedt, Friederich Thomson. Julia N
Kelly, James Townsend, James
Lennon. Michael White, Harriet
Maginess, John R.
BERNHEIM— In Napa, August 9. 1888, Hilda,
beloved daughter of Minnie and Harry Bern*
helm, a native of Napa, aged 3 years.
BORRER— this city, August 8, 1898. Edward
J., dearly beloved son of Catherine and the
I late Theodore Borrer, brother of Pauline Bor-
| rer, grandson of.Ludwig Weling. and nephew
of Bertha Wellng, a native of San Francisco,
aged 19 years 1 month and 25 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8 o'clock, irom the residence)
of his parents, 13 Kate street, off Bryant,
between Seventh and Eighth, thence to St.
Boniface Church, Golden Gate avenue, be-
tween Jones and Leavenworth streets, for
j services at 9 o'clock. Interment / Holy Cross
Cemetery. / :
FISHER— In this city. August 9,' IS9B, Mary,
beloved wife of James Fisher, mother of
Mrs. George Behn and Robbie and Mamie
Johnston, daughter of James and Jane Mo-
Cauley, and sister of Mrs. John McKendry
and Mrs. William Mares, a native of Ire-
land, aged 47 years 5 months and 3 days.
(ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 526 Minnesota street (Potrero), near
Eighteenth street. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
FITZGERALD— In this city, August 3, 1898,
Infant daughter of James and Mary Fitz-
gerald, a native of San Francisco.
i FOLEY— In this city, August 9. 189% Mamie 1.,
beloved daughter of Michael and Catherine
Foley, a native of Benicia, aged 34 years and
7 months.
(E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from St. Dom-
inic's Church, where a solemn requiem high
i mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
scul. Interment St. Dominic's Cemetery.
GREEN— the City and County Hospital, Au-
gust 9, IS9S. Marion Greene, a native of New
York, aged 12 years.
HOLDEN— In this city, August 9, 1898. Nancy
Hoiden, beloved mother of Mrs. Jennie Hol-
den, a native of Kentucky, aged 64 years.
HI T STEDT— In San Leandro, August 9, 1898.
Friederich. dearly beloved husband of Mar-
garetha Hustedt, brother-in-law of Mrs. J.
Lutjen, and uncle of Mrs. H. Brims. Mrs. P.
Windeler, Mrs. J. Peters, Louis Borman and
Herman and Fred Hustedt, a native of Han-
over, Germany, aged 73 years and 15 days.
E7Trlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
August 12, at 1 o'clock, . from the late resi-
dence of the deceased in San L«>andro. In-
terment San Lorenzo Cemetery, San Lorenzo.
KELLY— In this city, August S, 1898, James,
beloved son of Timothy and me late Sarah
Kelly, and brother of Mary and Willie Kelly,
Mrs. H. A, Myers and Mrs. William Parquer,
a native of San Francisco, aged 23 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his father's
residence, 2910 Sacramento street, thence to
St. Dominic's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
LENNON— In San Ma teo County, August 8.
1598, Michael Lennon, beloved brother of Mrs.
P. Kenney, a native of Ireland, aged 53 years.
MAGINESS— In this city. August 8, 1898. John
li., beloved husband of Kate M. Maginess.
father of Lloyd R and Mill B. Maginess. and
brother of Mrs. W. H. Brown and Samuel
Maginess, a native of Pennsylvania, aged
4S years and 9 months.
tC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late.
residence, 802 Page street. Interment private.
MARKLAND— this city, August 7. IS9B,
Dorothy, beloved wife of James Markland,
dearly beloved daughter of Mrs. Annie I. Pat-
rick, mother of Lottie and Dorothy Mark-
land, and sister of Otto, May, Percy, Birdie
and Ethel Hill, a native of Irleand, aged 20
years and 8 months. •.=;•
EX Funeral this day (Wednesday*, at 2
o'clock, from her mother's residence, 827
Guerrero street. Interment private. Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
FETERSEN— South San Francisco, August
S. 1898, Hulda Petronila, dearly beloved and
only daughter of Paul and Nellie Petersen,
and beloved sister of Albert, George, Charles,
Frank and Peter Petersen, a native of San
Francisco, aged 5 months and 22 days.
IT~?"Frfpn<ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 1880 Fifteenth avenue south,
between P and Q streets south. South San
Francisco. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
PIERCE— In this city. August 7, 1898. Harold
H., beloved son of Frank and Mary Pierce, a
native of San Francisco, aged 5 months and
1 day.
SCHROEDER- In this city, August 9. 1898.
Charles, beloved husband of Katherina
Schroeder, and father of Mathilda Schroeder
■ and Mrs. Edward Helmke. a native of
Bremervorde, Germany, aged 48 years. A
member of San Francisco Fusiliers' Mutual
Benefit Fund and ex-member of Company I,
First Regiment Infantry-
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 139 Do'ores street. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
SPRECKELS— In this city. August 8, 1898, Au-
gusta L. dearly beloved wife of Julius H.
Spreckeis, daughter of Henry and Louisa
Stelnhagen, and sister of Mrs. Captain R.
Petersen, a native of Germany, aged 20 years
and 19 days.
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of he^r parents, 817 Hampshire street, between
Twentieth and Twenty-first streets. Inter-
" ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SUTRO— this city, August 8, IS9S, Adolph
Sutro, a native of Aachen. Germany, aged
68 years 3 months and 11 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to review the remains between
the hours of 8 and 10 o'clock this day
(Wednesday). Interment private, at Sutro
Heights.
TAGLIAFERRO— In this city, August 8, 1898,
Frances, beloved wife of Andrew Taglia-
erro, a native of San Jose, aged 36 years 5
months and 13 days.
tETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this 'day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from laccherl A
Bacigalupl's undertaking parlors, 627 Broad*
way. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
THOMSON— In this city, August 8. 18S8, Julia
Norris, beloved wife of Robert McG. Thom-
son, and mother of Ferdinand Thomson, a
native of San Francisco, aged 31 years.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1539 A Eddy street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.. - .
TOWNSEND— In the City and County Hospital.
Augsut 9, 1898, James Townsend, a native of
New York, aged 39 years.
WHITE— In this city. August .9, 1898, Harriet
White, a native of New York,' aged 75 years.
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING ASSO-
clation— The . regular monthly requiem high
mass for the deceased members of the above
association, and for. the deceased parents and
relatives of the members, will be celebrated
in St. Dominic's Church, Bush and Steiner
streets, to-morrow (Thursday), at 9 o'clock.
Friends are invited to attend.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EJIBALMEM I
10 iITTH ST., Opp. Lincoln Seliajl. |
Telephone, South 80. — --
Ml^MaMMaj-umi uuaraii' ■ iiiimmm n
In. b. m'avov. Manager. 3
:-■ - McAVOY «fc CO., 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EiIBALMEB* I
123 a Market St., between Bth and Srto. B
Telephone, South 247. -t^^.—^l
1314
UNCLE SAM'S
FARRAGUT IS
A SPRINTER
The Torpedo Boat Makes
Very Fast Time.
LOGS TWENTY-SIX KNOTS
JTHE ENGINEER'S TRIAL VERY
SATISFACTORY.
The Hawaiian Commissioners as
Guests of Senator Perkins
Witness the Exhi
bition.
One of Uncle Sam's latest prospectve
fighting ships was skipping around the
bay yesterday in a light and fantastic
manner and casually showing other bay
craft that they did not know the first
.rudiments of how to put water behind
them in a hurry and not make a fuss
about it.
The vessel was the torpedo boat de
stroyer Farragut. Just completed by the
Union Iron Works, and the occasion was
the trial of her machinery by the Govern
ment Board of Engineers. Without paint
or furbishing she is a beautiful piece of
naval architecture, "long, narrow, rak
ish." built on the lines of a knife-blade,
and well calculated to dart through the
•water like a game fish. Her movement
down the harbor en route to the speed
course attracted the attention of people
and whistles on the water front and bay,
and she was given an ovation as she
gracefully glided along toward the scene
of her trial.
Senator George C. Perkins, In honor of
the event, organized an excursion for the
benefit of the Hawaiian Commissioners
and a number of -prominent people of San
Francisco and Oakland, the Government
tug L'nadilla being secured for the ccca
sion. There were present on her:
Senator Cullom and Congressman Hitt
of The Hawaiian Commission; Senator
Perkins W. H. Mills. Captain Rogers of
the Coast and Geodetic Survey. Hugh
Craig, president of the Chamber of Com
merce; H. E. Huntingdon of the Southern
Pacific Company; Collector of Port John
P. Jackson. Professor George Davidson,
Judge Morrow, Captain C. G. Kelson. Pro
fessor Prltchott. chief of the United States
' Coast and Geodetic Survey Department,
Washington, D. C. ; J. 08. Gunn. secre
■ tary of the Union Iron Works; Tirey L.
Ford. president of the Union League Club:
President Foster of the San Francisco and
North Pacific Railway; Captain Charles
Goodall. Secretary Scott of the Chamber
of Commerce, Mowbray R. Dundas, May
or Thomas of Oakland; President Herrin
and Secretary Craigie Sharp, of the Board
of Trade. Oakland; Andrea Sbarboro of
the Merchants' and Manufacturers' As
sociation: S. G. Murphy, president First
National Bank, and Judge Craw for .1 of
Santa Rosa. Congressman Barham was
at the deck, but had to return to his hotel
on iccourt of sudden illness.
The L'nadilla left Clay-street wharf at
9:45 o'clock and steamed up toward Hun
ters Point to meet the war racer and Join
in the procession to the scene of action.
Notwithstanding that the Government
tug is a fast one she seemed to be very
weary while endeavoring to keep in sight
of the Farragut. which was apparently
loafing along and economizing coal.
While the Unadilla was making the
stern chase Senator Perkins took advan
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOLF
RASH
HEAT
RASH
Sunburn, bites and stings ef
insects, inflammations, irrita-
tions, chafings, undue or offen-
sive perspiration and other
sanative uses, nothing so sooth*
ing, cooling, purifying and re=
freshing as a bath, either hot
or cold, with
The most effective skin purify=
ing and beautifying soap in
the world, as well as purest
and sweetest for toilet, bath
and nursery.
Save Yonr bfr
lowed by light dressings with CUTICURA,
purest of emollient skin cures, will clear the
' ecalp and hair of crusts, scales and dandruff,
Bvothe Irritated and Itching surfaces, stimulate
the hair follicles, supply the roots with energy
and nourishment and thus produce luxurta-nt
hair, with clean, wholesome ecalp. when all
else falis.
Sold everywhere. Price, CUTICURA SOAP,
2Cc PUTfCURA (ointment), 50c. POTTEIR
DRUO _ CHEM. CORP., Boston. Sole Props.
British Depot, 1 King Edward St.. London.
"How to Cure Every Kind of Rash," free.
tage of Messrs. Cullom arid Hitt in their
helpless position and talked politics in the
direction of an appropriation for the pro
posed naval srhool on Goat Island. He
told the guests that these astute and dip
lomatic gentlemen had encouraged him to
secure the passage of a bill authorizing
an appropriation, and that wnen he at
tempted to get them to consent to pro
vide the money they gave him the ada
mantine heart. The distinguished guests,
while laughing heartily at the joke, took
the matter seriously and told the Senator
that when they pot back to business ho
could have "anything for California in
the bounds of reason.
The speeding ground was along the Ma
rin shore off California City, the course
being one mile long. The Unadilla took
a position about midway of the beacon
towers, and those on board had a fine
view of the performance.
When the little marine wonder was
ready to take a dash at the distance, she
went at it in a deliberate manner and
was handled by Captain Minor Goodall
like a jockey warming up his horse for
a contest. The Farragut came down from
El Campo way at a fifteen knot gait ap
parently making no effort to travel fast.
Then she came bark under the imaginary
line at eighteen knots, and the spectators
on the Unadilla thought she was doing
twenty. Still there was no evidence that
she was trying to do fast work. On the
next turn twenty knots were knocked. off,
with steam blowing all the time. The
next dash jumped the figure to twenty
two knots, with steam going to waste,
then the little marine marvel swung
around for some earnest work and came
down the course a thing of beauty and
wonder, passing the Government tug like
a fa.-t express train, making twenty-six
knots, or nearly twenty-nine miles an
It was an exhibition of speed that has
never been remotely approached In this
harbor, and brought forth the huzzas of
the spectators. .
A peculiarity of the movement of the
destroyer is the fact that unlike other
fa.-t vessels she does not take a hone
In her teeth. Her bow cuts the water
like a kniff, while the bow wave is a
flat body of foam reaching back to amid-
Bhlps She drags little water and scarce
ly leaves a line of fonm to mark her
wake. The Farragut is so constructed
that at high speed her prow rises and
her stern b depressed, giving her the
appearance of a greyhound stretching out
in a final rea^h for his prey.
One of the marvels of this marine time
cutter Ik the fact that her hull is con
structed of sheet steel only one-eighth
of an inch in thickness, while at the
same time she supports a mass of ma
chinery sufficient to develop 7500 horse
power.
In speaking of the results of the engi
neer's test yesterday, Henry T. Scott
saJd :
"This was no official speed trial, but
a trial of the engines to see if there were
any defects. The vessel performed In
a most f-atlpfactory manner, but it is
probable that it will be a week before
the Government trial for speed will be
made. It is probable that there will be
some minor matters to adjust before the
ship will be in a proper condition to do
her best. We have no doubt as to the re
sults."
During the excursion on the Unadilla
Senator Perkins proved himself a great
host— not only by telling: good stories ap
propriate to Senatorial dignity, but by
furnishing a lunch and trimmings lit for
epicures. At the same time he combined
business with pleasure by convincing Con
gressman Hitt of the Appropriations
Committee that Blossom Rock should be
blown up, as it was a menace to the com
merce of the port.
i m arrival at the wharf after the ex
cursion three cheers were given for Sen
ator Perkins, who in turn proposed
"three mere" for the Hawaiian Commis
sioners. These were given with a good
will. Senator Cullom. responding, said:
"Gentlemen: On behalf of the Hawa-
UNCLE SAMS NEW FIGHTING MACHINE RACES AGAINST TIME.
lian Commissioners I desire to express
heartfelt thanks for the many courtesies
extended us, and particularly for the
pleasures of this memorable excursion.
The next time I move It will be to Cali
fornia."
"That would not be a wise move, Sena
tor," said Mr. Perkins. "California does
not' send her ablest men to the Senate.
If it did, my friend here, Mr. Mills, or
General Barnes, would have been there
long ago."
"Well, one of us is going this time,"
sbouted the general, "and it will not be
Mills."
"Well, you have my best wishes," re
marked Mr. Mills.
"Yes, and that is about all I will get,"
was the dry remark of General Barnes.
A hearty laugh closed th« pleasures of
the day.
CHINESE REFUSED A LANDING
_____
Twelve Mongolians Excluded Under i
the New Rule of the Treasury
Department.
Collector Jackson yesterday decided to
refuse a landing to twelve Chinese who
had certificates from Hongkong certify
ing that they were salesmen, collectors,
accountants, etc.— classes of Chinese that
had been freely admitted until the re
cent decision of the Treasury Depart
ment, tha decision being that only the
persons mentioned in the treaty should
be allowed to enter the United States.
Those persons were merchants present-
Ing certificates, giving the nature, char
acter and estimated value of their bus
iness, students and tourists for pleas-
ure.
Many of the applicants were described
as "shroffs" which means collectors.
Others were described as salesmen
and accountants. Ah Pak had no
certificate. He came as a tourist
to visit his father who, he said,
was a merchant at Monteroy. Wing Fat.
alias "Flying Soap," a laundryman from
New Orleans, wanted to pass in as a
merchant, but he had no certificate and
must atay out. Chew Plang and Hon
Jow claimed to be native born Ameri
cans, and as such eligible to the Presi
dency of the United States, but the Col
lector did not believe them and they
have taken out writs of habeas corpus,
alleging that their rights as American
citizens have been violated.
Seven Chinese came in as merchants
with certificates in proper form and were
admitted.
DANGEROUS TOWING.
First Officer Ward of the Coos Bay
Suspended for Neglect of Duty.
O. F. Bolles and J. K. Bulger, local In
spectors of Hulls and Boilers, have noti
fied all the parties interested that the
steamship North Fork would not be al
lowed to tow more than one vessel or
barge at any time from this port. This
prohibition extends to all steamers.
First Officer Philip D. Ward has been
suspended for sixty days for failing to
call the captain when the fog closed in on
the land and caused the wreck of the
steamship Coos Bay. The Inspectors de
cided that he was guilty of negligence In
that matter. Captain J. Shea of the Coob
Bay was exonerated from blame, he hav
ing been asleep wnen the vessel grc;i_i_«cJ
on Pescadero Reef.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 10, 1893._
A SETBACK TO
MARRIAGES BY
SEA CAPTAINS
The Law Against Salt-
Water Ceremonies.
SUPREME COURT SAYS SO
A "SKIPPER" CANNOT LEGALIZE
SUCH A CONTRACT.
This Decision Will Cause Trouble
and Carry Consternation Into
Not a Few Homes in
This State,
The Supreme Court has struck a se
vere blow to "tugboat" marriages, and
placed many a happy couple in a posi
tion that may be embarrassing, to put
the situation in its mildest form. In brief,
the Justices of the highest California tri
bunal declare this kind of marriage to be
illegal and demoralizing in its effects
upon the public. The case under consid
eration comes from Los Angeles County,
and by the action a young husband, as
he evidently supposed himself to be,
sought to have declared illegal an al
leged marriage on the high seas.
On August 2, 1897, Homer Xorman, who
was Zl years of age, and Janette Thom
son, aged 15 years, and daughter of A.
C. Thomson of Los Angeles, boarded a
fishing and pleasure schooner, the J. Wll
ley, and proceeded nine miles out to sea,
where the master, Captain W. L. Pier
son, performed the ceremony of mar
riage, and the young people agreed to
be husband and wife.
The young people were residents of the
city of Los Angeles, and upon their re
turn from the "tugboat" marriage they
lived together as husband and wife for
eight days. The young woman then left
Norman and refused to live with him,
and, further, by the advice of her father,
she declared that no marriage existed
between her and the man. Then it was
that the latter sought relief from the
courts In an action to have declared legal
and valid the marriage performed by the
captain of the schooner at sea. In his
declaration he asserted that the marriage
was still in full force and effect, never
having been annulled and having been
consummated by reason of their having
lived together eight days as husband
and wife.
The woman, by her father, set up the
allegation that the marriage was a farce,
and that the alleged ceremony was for
the purpose of evading the laws of the
State In which both parties lived, and
consequently void. She further asked
that Norman be stopped from asserting
and assuming to be ncr husband. The
lower court found In her favor and de
cided that the alleged husband • was not
entitled to any relief as prayed for.
Commissioner N. P. Chipman, who wrote
the decision which was concurred in by
the Justices, sustains the Judgment of
the lower court, and after reviewing the
facts of the case, puts his stamp of con
demnation on "tugboat marriages" In the
following very severe language:
"In this case there was no license,
there was no solemnization by any per
son authorized by law to perform tha
ceremony, there was no marriage under
section 78%. To recognize such a mar
riage, we think, would grossly violate the
spirit and letter of our statute, and be a
blot upon the civilization we profess. Our
conclusion rests upon the want of any
authorized solemnization and would . be
the same if the parties were both of
age." .:-■.>*.;
The far-reaching effect of this decision
can readily be seen. In the past few
years several hundred of this class of
marriages have taken place on boats
from this bay and Monterey. While the
parties in these ceremonies may have
been actuated by proper motives, ro
mantic or otherwise, their position In so
ciety is a matter of serious question, con
sidering that not a few ox the couples
have established families, A whose good
names in the present and future is a
matter of no small concern.
THE YOSEMITE VALLEY.
A Number of Improvements Advised
by the Park Commission.
At ameetlngof the Yosemlte Commission
Monday there were present Governor
Budd and Commissioners Kinney, Foote,
Clinch, Greenberg and Metson. Vice Pres
ident Kinney made a report of the man
agement, which showed that the finances
have been handled with care and there
are no deficiencies. The work of the guard
ian of the valley and the secretary was
commended. Mr. Kinney said that the
matter of having a well-stocked store in
the valley where the public could be ac
commodated should be considered. Tents
for hire should be kept by the storekeeper.
He further recommended that the toll
roads of the valley should be abolished
and a bureau of information established.
Attention was called to the Importance ol
keeping Bheep and cattle men out of tne
reservation. In concluding his remarks
Mr. Klnney said that the Vosemite \ alley
should be thoroughly advertised so as to
bring returns for the outlay and conces
sions. The guardian of the valley recom
mended that a new bridge be thrown
across the river on the Royal Arch road,
which proposition was received with la
vor. It was decided to build a new trail
to Stanford Point and place a railing
around the dangerous parts of the road
leading to Inspiration Point.
WILLIAM F. GOADS WILL.
Valuable Estate Bequeathed to the
Children of the Deceased
Attorney.
The will of William F. Goad, the well
known attorney and capitalist of this
city, who died 'in San Rafael on the 3d
lnst., has been filed for' probate. Ella
Goad-Hooker, a daughter of decedent
who is named in the will of executrix, ap
pears ag petitioner, offering the testament
for probate.
In the petition it is stated that, al
though the property of the deceased
exceeds $10,000 in value, its exact worth
ie unknown. The estate consists of real
estate and shares of stock in corpora
tions, bonds, evidences of debt and oth«r
personal property, the exact character of
which is at present unknown.
In the will, which bears date of No
vember 6, 1595, the following specific bo
quests are made: To William Frank
Goad Jr., a son of deceased, a sold watch
and chain, gold headed cane, law library
and office furniture. To the four children
of the testator— Ella W. Goad-Hooker,
Mary Alieen (ioad-Mclntosh, Genevieve
Goad and William Frank Goad Jr.— the
residue of the estate is bequoatht-d share
and share alike. J. A. Christie and
Richard Bayne appear as witnesses to
the instrument.
A codicil to the will, dated September
30. 1596, directs the executrix of the will,
Ella Wall Goad-Hooker, to pay all the
debts of the testator, and states that in
cane of the death or inability of Mrs.
Hooker to act as executrix Mary Aileen
Goad-Mclntosh is to assume that respon
sibility.
Craigie Needed a Vacation.
T. R. Craigie, the hard working clerk of
the local inspectors of steam vessels, has
gone on a vacation, the first one he has
taken since he went into the office twen
ty-five years ago. He has gone into the
country to see how sheep and cows look
when alive and unskinned.
LOST ON A BLEAK
INHOSPITABLE SHORE
FATE OF A PARTY OF ALASKA
EXPLORERS.
Drowned During a Storm at the
Mouth of a Large But Little
Known River.
The letter received by the Alaska Com
mercial Company from Unalaska, under
date of July 2S, telling of the probable
death of Moravian Missionary E. Weber,
wife and child, together with twelve gold j
hunters, members of the Columbia Ex
ploring Company, as given In The Call >
yesterday, is supplemented to-day by in
teresting information regarding the re
gion where the catastrophe is reported
to have occurred.
The Kuskokwim. near 'the mouth of ;
which the party is supposed to have per
ished, is the largest unknown river of
Alaska. It is believed to head near the
Tanana River and to be nearly one thou
sand miles in length. Only a few white
men have over been upon it to this day
and they have not carried their explora
tions more than 600 miles up tho stream,
at which point It is still a broad, naviga
ble river. The fact that the Kuskokwim I
empties into Bering Sea on an isolated |
coast accounts in part for the fact Hint
It escaped attention from tho United
States coast and geodetic survey and min
ing prospectors, at the time when re
searches were being- pushed along the
Yukon and its tributary streams. As a
result there is no reliable chart of the i
Kuskokwim. although it Is believed that I
one or more of General Merriam's ex
ploring parties will cross Alaska near the
head of the Kuskokwim during the pres
ent season and will obtain valuable data
concerning its source. The Mahlamutes,
who live along the lower Kuskokwim in'
numerous large villages, are, as a rule, i
inoffensive, half-starved people, who are I
too lazy to even catch the quantity of !
salmon necessary for their subsistence
and are In winter often reduced to the
direst extremities. It is seldom, how
ever, that they are caught stealing from
the few white men who frequent the
coast.
Since- the Klondike excitement arose
several parties of mining prospectors j
have been outfitted to explore the Kus
kokwim, but so far as known up to the
present time the only one that reached
the scene of operations was the ill-fated I
Columbia Exploring Company.
For nine or ten years past the Mora- !
vians have maintained a mission station
at the mouth of the Kuskokwim and an
other at Momentrehlahogamute, a small |
native village about twu hundred miles
up the Btream. This was, up to a fe",- j
months ago, in charge of a full blooded j
Cherokee IndJan from the United States,
who went there as a Moravian mis
sionary.
Vaughaa _ Keith opened their handsomely
decorated Photograph Studio at 14 Grant ave
nue, Friday, August 5. •
GREETED THE
COMMISSION
TO HAWAII
The Chamber of Com
merce's Greeting.
WHAT CALIFORNIA DEMANDS
COOLIE LABOR ONE FEATURE TO
BE FROWNED ON.
Prominent Citizens Unite to Ex
change Views — Praises for Cali
fornia and Her Representa
tive Battleship Oregon.
There was a large and distinguished
gathering of San Francisco's business and
professional men yesterday afternoon in
I the Chamber of Commerce to formally
welcome to the city the visiting members
of the Hawaiian Commjssion, Senators
j Morgan and Cullom and Congressman
i Hitt.
The openning ceremonies were delayed
beyond the appointed hour. 2:30 p. m.,
owing to the non-arrival of Senator Mor
gan, who was feeling somewhat fatigued
from the exertions of the morning and
was resting at the Occidental Hotel. At
2:45 word was received that he would soon
appear and President Hugh Craig rapped
I the Chamber to order. Every seat was
filled. Among the hundreds present were
A. W. Foster. Major General Merriam,
Rev. Horatio Btebblns, E. R. Dimond,
Frank L. Brown, Charles M. Yates. Judge
Morrow, Rolla V. Watt. Captain Nelson,
E. A. Newhall, J. D. Staples, C. L. Tay
lor, Stewart Menzie-s, Professor George
Davidson, Captain Fisher, U. S. A., and
others of equal prominence. It was. in
fact, a representative assembly and an air
of interest and contagious enthusiasm
was manifested throughout the proceed
ings.
Occupying a seat on the right of the
chairman was General Francisco Ganedo,
Governor of an important province of
Mexico, who is spending a few days' va
cation in this city. He was formally intro
duced and made a brief address *n Span
ish, which, translated by Mexican Consul
General A. F. Coney, is as follows: "Mex
icans are always glad to meet Americana.
There is an evident bond of sympathy
uniting the two peoples and it is growing
with the years. Our good President Diaz
has done much to foster this spirit in
Mexico and to encourage its growth. For
my part, I am glad to see the good work
go on and will do all in my power to for
ward the amicable relations of the two
countries."
The general Is of tall, commanding pres
ence, his hair, goatee- and mustachos
being iron gray. He sat patiently through
the speeches which followed, although
evidently unable to comprehend a word
of what was said.
In Introducing the members of the Com
mission, President Craig spoke as fol
lows: .-,,.. * ;.:•-...
The Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco
has never before entertained a more distin
guished company than the quintet of gentle
men who have honored us with their presence
this afternoon.
General Francisco Ganedo, Governor of Slna
loa, i 8 with us for a few days on a vacation.
To him, as merchants and underwriters, we
owe much for his liberal and businesslike ad
ministration of Mexican affairs at the cities
of MazHtlan and Altata, ports where so much
of our business with Mexico is transacted. • _
The occasion of our meeting has been brought
about by the arrival in our midst of three of
the five commissioners appointed by the Presi
dent to proceed to Honolulu to examine into
and report upon the required legislation to com
plete the Introduction of our island republic as
a component part of the United States.
It is particularly gratifying to us to meet
these gentlemen, that we may extend to them
our warmest thanks and congratulations for
the able and effective manner by which they
in the Senate and Congress forwarded the
wishes of the shipping and commercial inter
ests of our city In face of the divided councils
of our own representatives. California, has
rarely been fortunate enough to secure a dele
gation united for our advantage. In Senators
Morgan and Cullom and Congressmen Hltt and
Newlands we have found' friends Indeed, when
we sorely needed them, and from the interest
they fasted in promoting Hawaiian an
nexation we may expect the same broad states
manship will speed our requirements in col
lecting promptly the $60,000,000 due the United
States Treasury by the Central Pacific, pro
moting the cable to Asia, via Hawaii, con
struction of the Nlcaraguan canal and acquisi
tion of the Spanish • possessions in the North
Pacific. In commending these distinguished
statesmen for duties well done It is not inap
propriate that we should give due credit to a
patriotic American who laid down his life in
forwarding our offshore interests. The late
John 1... Stevens, Minister to Hawaii, caused the
Has to be raised on Hawaiian soil in 1893. Truly
the works of a. good man live after him, for to
his executive ability and foresight we owe
much of the enthusiasm that made annexation
possible. His name will ever be connected ap
provingly with the addition of another star to
the banner of the free and the brave.
Senator Morgan was then presented,
and made the opening speech on behalf
of the commission. After paying a clever
tribute to the hospitality of the San
Francisco people, he briefly referred to
his visit to the Hawaiian Islands last
year, when he went in search of informa
tion, believing that the day of annexa
tion was close at hand. "I found there a
Government as excellent as in America—
as good as that in any of the States,
remarked Mr. Morgan. '"It is saying a
good deal, but only the truth. The
American Government stands foremost
among the Governments of the earth; vet
the American residents in the Hawaiian
Islands, during the course of years, had
succeeded in working out a system which
was simply admirable. It was as good
as that of any country on the
face of the earth. The beauties
of the system will be more fully
understood by our people as relations
with the islands become more familiar.
Let me ask a question: If the Philippines
or Cuba or Porto Rico were as thoroughly
civilized as are the Hawaiian Islands do
you think there would be a moment s
hesitation on the part of the American
people in admitting all of those islands
CLOTOEPARTMENT !
NE\\MXOTHS
FOR
FALUJB9B.
We have just' opened a large shipment of a
very superior quality LADIES' CLOTH, 52 inches
wide - Price, $1.00 Per Yard.
The above cloths are in the following
shades :
Napoleon, Army, Royal,
Cadet, ' Navy, Marine,
Myrtle, Olive, Hunters,
Sage, Seal, Golden,
Tabac, Fawn, Tan,
Mode, Slate, Gray,
Garnet, Cardinal, Black.
SPECIAL!
10 cases best quality Domet Tennis
Flannel, good patterns.
T2C yard/
Regular price 10c yard. »
SPECIAL!
Our entire stock of Ladies' Shirt
Waists, reduced to less than HALF
PRICE.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
to participation in the benefits of our
U Se C r^<Knty in the minds of
the peopl 3 and trie Government as >ci re
Philippines. Still, we need n eve veei cus
quletudeif we simply, and sincerely follow
the lines of duty as they deve op our
first duty is to understand.^Our states^
men must understand all there . to Know
about the Philippines and the situation
there before a decision can be reacneo.
I have been in doubt as ■to what^should
saws «v aß£Hu«a B £Hu«
of my heart and not of my judgme^.
citizens will never consent to haul aown
The cheering which here l««™g£k£j
mv heart and not of* my cooler judgment
_»_ Tf it -were known tnat me ,Y U \
£€Lr $«: .? m^j
ICiKhtv a foot has been set upon the
£a and another foot upon the land and
a vofce is issuing from the clouds. 'Peace
nn purth- Rood will to men.
Senator Cullom followed in a short ad
dretS "It seems to me that you people
w« OU*W to talk to us and give life
f .r« •• he said "We come to gather
ffi££tioS. e £ ! »B to know what legi^
L^slud^ThT^fawaiiL^Son "fr
years and know the needs of those is
lands Ido not know what we are go
ing to recommend. I can say for the
nnmmls^on that the members have long
hefn frfends to the proposition that the
Hawaiian Islands should be annexed to
the United States. They will be of vast
benefit both in peace and in war.
"As regards the Philippines, Cuba and
Porto Rico, there are many things to be
considered. We must keep a string on
Cuba for a while to see that she gets a
rood government. Porto Rico will be
United States territory and a very impor
tant acquisition. a high compliment
The Senator paid a high compliment
to the Union Iron Works. "Your iron
ship-building establishment, under the
Scotts. will equal anything on earth. The
Oregon is on every man's lips - She is
the pride of the American navy. Your
city has a future. In fact, I like San
Francisco. When I finally get knocked
out over in Illinois I am soing to come
here and see If I cannot beat Perkins,
or somebody else."
Representative Hltt, of the Foreign Re
lations Committee and House member of
the commission, paid a glowing tribute
to the work accomplished by President
Dole and his associates in establishing
a good government in Hawaii. "V* c
should not forget him in the future, he
added. Speaking of the Eastern trade
Impetus which will result from the war,
Mr Hitt declared that the Hawaiian Isl
ands were of absolute necessity a part
of the American domain. "What is
more, we must and will speedily have the
Nicaraguan canal. While everybody was
watching the Oregon making her famous
trip around South America the question
was on each lip, 'Why haven't we got
the canal?' James. G. Elaine was an
earnest advocate of its construction, ard
while he was Secretary of State : he di
rected me, as the Assistant Secretary,
to gather all possible information con
cerning it and the opinions of members
of Congress. There will be no unneces
sary delay at the next session of Con
gress in arranging for the building of the
canal." _
Mayor Phelan, in a concluding address,
said to the Commissioners:
"The great East is now opening up to
American . trade and San Francisco will
become a much more Important place, in
the eyes of the General Government. In
the past we have had much difficulty in
getting the necessary appropriations for
harbor Improvements and other things
badly needed. In the future this will
probably all be changed. We will be an
acknowledged center rind will be deemed
worthy of more attention. California will
now get due recognition jn the halls of
Congress.
A vote of thanks to the Commissioners
for their evident interest in San Francisco
and her needs was tendered at the sugges
tion of Colonel Taylor.
The concluding: speech of the occasion
was made uv Senator Perkins. "We do
not want different laws in Hawaii from
thor o in the United States," he said. "No,
we want t_he same institutions, the same
tariff, the same protection to industry.
We want the same immigration laws. We
believe in the dignity of labor, and no
more contract labor in Hawaii. Nor do we
want foreign built vessels to participate
in the Hawaiian carrying trade to the
United States. We would Americanize the
islands in the broadest sense of the
word."
Last evening fully one hundred and fifty
members of the Union League Club and
Invited guests assembled in the league
rooms at the Palace Hotel, to bid wel
come to the three members of the com
mission and their party. Tasteful deco
rations of palms were interspersed with
the American national colors. The mili
tary element was very prominent in the
assemblage, fully one-fourth of those
present being attired in Uncle Sam's uni
form.
An address of welcome was offered in
behalf of the club by General Chipman,
to which a response was made by
Senator Cullom, who incidentally pre
sented some figures showing that each
successive addition to American territory
cost less than the one before. For in
stance, the Louisiana purchase cost 16
cents per acre. Alaska about 2 cents per
acre and Hawaii not a cent. Acquisitions
were getting cheap! The Senator thanked
the club for its, entertainment and said
he supposed that there were refreshments
stowed away somewhere to round out tha
evening.
Senator Morgan followed, devoting his
attention to the proposed Nicaragua ca
nal and its advantages to America, both
In times of peace and of war. He be
lieved that it would be of direct benefit to
the trade of San Francisco.
Congressman Hitt spoke the concluding
words In behalf of the commission, touch
ing on general topics of interest to the
merchants and other business men of the
Pacific Slope.
After the speeches an informal recep
tion followed, and many citizens present
were introduced to the Commissioners.
A collation was subsequently served in
an adjoining room. . i
You can tell by looking at some
women that they would make black
berry jam in flytime without a cover
on the kettle.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A SUFFERER FROM THE
HEAT,
who perspires freely, will be surprised
when he notes how much longer th^
linen done up here keeps fresh and cool
when the thermometer is on the ram-
page', than that they have ever worn
before. Our hot weather laundry' work
is "done up" for keeps, and you save
money by having it done here.
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420.