VOLUME LXXXY.-^O. 23.
MRS. CORDELIA BOTKIN PLEADS
WITH HER JUDGES FOR HER LIFE
The Accused Woman Denies the Accusations of
the Prosecution and Tells Her Own
Story.
Startling Double Record
of a Day in a Great
City.
MRS. CORDELIA BOTKIN has
appeared as a witness before the
court and jury that are trying
her for her life. She has told of
her career in this city, particu
larly since she met John P. Dun
ning and pave to him perhaps all the
fidelity that a woman can give. Mrs.
Botkin has wept upon the witness
stand in mock seriousness or honest
reflection of scenes and incidents that
reached a climax in the death of two
innocent women. Mrs. Botkin has held
hundreds of men and women in listen
ing silence at the recital of tragic
events. She has lisped her story of
illicit love and domestic infidelity into
the ears of hundreds of morbid hearers.
She has denied that she was concerned.
in the remotest degree, in the death of
John P. Dunning's wife or Mrs. Deane.
Mrs. Botkin proved to be the sur
prise of the defense. When she was
called as a witness she saw an oppor
tunity to pose, and she accepted it..
Her manner on the witness stand justi
fied the sobriquet of "little English
woman" that she has received. Mrs.
Botkin was never nearer England than
the boundary line of Missouri, but she
affected with more or less success the
affectations that most Americans be
lieve to be English.
The accused woman told how and
where she met John P. Dunning. She
declared that she assisted the prosecut
ing witness when he was in sore finan
cial distress. She said that she found
him harassed by creditors and in daily
fear of the heavy hand of the law.
Her womanly sympathy was excited,
and she aided him the best she could.
"Willingly and kindly," she said, she
helped him .t of his difficulties and
he became a constant attendant at her
side, haunting her apartments and liv
ing, it seeme'l, as she commanded.
To cover the ground that other wit
nesses had touched upon, Mrs. Botkin
entered Into a minute description of the
d - " 927 Oearv
Street. In passing she paid her com
pliments to Mrs. Seeley, and while de
claring that she did not like the
woman, she admitted that her son's
interests demanded certain concessions
to the lady, whose age will not bear
a critical inspection. Mrs. Botkin was
perfectly frank in outlining her rela
tions betwen herself and her husband.
"I gave him my youth," she said, "and
I will not permit him to divorce me
now."
Mrs. Botkin spoke quickly and nerv
ously. There was neither break nor
hesitation in her story. Now and
again she forgot her crude Ensrlish
accent and spoke In Ensrlish that
Americans understand. She told, sub
stantially as the story has been related
before, the relations between her and
Dunning. She passed quickly over
the scenes that marked her parting
■with her lover and discussed the inci
dents that came with the accusation
of herself. In most positive terms,
embellished here and there with a
• lanner and method that were essen
tially melodramatic, she declared that
ehe had never bought a box of candy
in the "shop" of George Haas. Fur
ther than that, she declared she had
never been in the "shop" of George
Haas in her life.
Time and again her attorney would
Interject a question, and when he did
not Mrs. Botkin would ask dramatically
if she should continue. She denied
positively that she had ever bought a
handkerchief at the City of Paris, and
ehe declared that during her residence
at the Victoria Hotel no parcel, from
the City of Paris or any other local
"shop," had been sent to her.
Mrs. Botkin spoke her story as if she
had learned it by heart. More than
once the court reporter was forced to
ask her to speak more slowly. The
lady was by no means excited. She
overlooked no detail in the long tale-
Her discussion of poisons at Stockton
after the announcement of the Dover
murders was a critical point. She cov
ered it by declaring that "heavy" medi
cine? had been prescribed for her, and
In her fear of them she discussed their
effect with her physician. She main
tain d that on July U. I*9B, the critical
dey of th^ rase, she never left her
apartments at the Victoria Hotel, ex
cept to telephone to her physician.
It was then that her attorney asked
her a strang.- question. He demanded
to know what happened to Mrs. Botkin
when she learned that the wife and
sister-in-law of John P. Dunning had
poisoned. Mrs. Botkin replied
that the news threw her into uncon
sciousness for several hours. "And how
do you feel now?" the attorney asked.
"I feel most deadly," was the strange
reply. And Mrs. Rot kin was weeping.
Her tears were quickly dried when
she began the discussion of Miss Lizzie
A. Livernash. She said that this wom
an came to her and won her confidence
on the plea that she had felt as Mrs. j
Botkin felt and with a fellow feeling
felt compassion. Mrs. Botkin then do
tailed all the secret history of the j
Ftrange relations between herself and i
her husband, and when the hour of ad- I
journment came she was still on the
witness stand under direct examina
tion. She will resume her testimony
this morning.
Mrs. Botkin was not the only import
ant witness placed on the stand by the
defense. Dr. George M. Terrill testi
fied that on the afternoon of July 31,
1898, he attended Mrs. Botkin at her
apartments in the Victoria Hotel. As
The San Francisco Call
he recalled the hour it was between 3
and 5 o'clock In the afternoon. He
found Mrs. Botkin in her apartments
robed in a yellow gown and he re
mained with her to chat for over half
an hour.
This testimony was of vital import
ance, as the prosecution had already
introduced evidence to show that at
that very hour on that day Mrs. Bot
kin was at the store of George Haas.
T-.vn witnesses have testified to this as
sertion and a third has sworn that Mrs.
Botkin, fully dressed and laden with
parcels, was in the hall of the hotel on
her return from a shopping tour. Dr.
Terrill had no memorandum to sup
port his assertion that he had attended
Mrs. Botkin on that day and he ad
mitted that he was scrupulously care
ful in making a record of every visit
that he had made professionally.
A witness was also introduced to
show that Mrs. Botkin was at Eureka
during the entire month of Juue, 1897.
It was on June 18, 1897, that an anony
mous letter was mailed from this city
to Mrs. Dunning. The prosecution has
MRS. CORDELIA BOTKIN AS HER PROSECUTORS AND HER DEFENDERS SEE HER.
Mrs. Cordelia Botkin Became Yesterday a Witness in Her Own Behalf. She Denied That She Had Ever Purchased Candy at the Store of George Haas or That She Had Bought the Handkerchief That ftav ben Ito
Dover With the Poisoned Candy. The Wcman Was an Interesting Study on the Wltness-Stand. She Justified All of the Comments That Have Been Made of Her. She Outlined the Relations Between Herself ■
and Dunning, and With Marked Cleverness of Expression Grazed the Precipice That Would Have Made These Relations Improper.
introduced a great deal of testimony to !
show that Mrs. Botkin wrote this I
anonymous letter. The defense shows
that at that time Mrs. Botkin was over
200 miles away from San Francisco.
The prosecution hopes to show that at
Eureka there was a mail ba"\ the con- I
tents of which was not opened and I
stamped until after it reached this city, j
The defense also placed upon the wit- |
ness stand the superintendent of the j
mail, but they proved nothing except j
that as a witness for the defense the
superintendent was noticeabl" accom
modating. His name is Thomas W.
Ford. He discussed, with considerable |
satisfaction to himself, what might I
have happened if the rules of the post
office had been obeyed. He was not
even willing, in his solicitude for the
defense, to admit that the box of can
dies had passed through the mails.
During the afternoon session the de
fense called Mrs. Grace Harris for
cross-examination. The result was
nothing more serious than the fact that
Mrs. Harris has so far forgotten her
matronly modesty as to go into the
back room of a saloon to quench her
thirst.
Two physicians were placed on the
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1898.
witness stand to show their profes
sional belief that the only sure test of
arsenical poisoning in case of death is
an autopsy. This evidence was in
tended to meet the serious proposition
that no autopsy was performed by the |
Delaware authorities on the bodies of j
Mrs. Dunning and Mrs. Deane. The I
conduct of routine business in the City '
of Paris was then discussed with a
purpose of showing that Mrs. Harris
did not do what she elakned to have j
have done. It is a significant fact I
that In the City of Pans there is no j
record of the purchase which it is \
claimed Mrs. Botkin made. The ac- j
cused woman will be on the witness !
stand this morning.
THE PROCEEDINGS.
Dr. George F. Terrill, a physician and
surgoon of this city, was the first wit
ness called by Attorney Knight for the
defense. He testified to knowing Mis.
Botkin and that he attended her at the
Victoria Hotel, in this city, on the after-
I noon of July 31, between- 3 and 5 o'clock.
i He was summoned by telephone shortly
1 before 3 o'clock and went at once to the
hotel. He found her dressed in a yellow
wrapper and reclining on a lounge in lu-r
room. She complained of headache and
a general feeling of Illness, for all of
which he prescribed. He was through
in a few minutes and then remained chat
ting with Mrs. Botkin for nearly an
hour.
The witness said he had no record of
the visit in any account book or memor
andum, but fixed the date accurately by
two other appointments. First of these
was an operation he performed that
morning at a hospital on Oak street, and
the further fact that he went from Mrs.
Bctkin's room to the home of H. S Foot*,
wh<-re he dined by appointment.
Before the witness left the stand Mr.
Knight asked him what was the sure
test for arsenical poisoning and he said
that as far as he knew an autopsy was
the only conclusive test.
To Mr. Hosmer he said he had known
Mrs. Botkin a year and had attended her
twice at his office. He had made no
charge for his services to the woman.
The witness was positive that it was be
tween 3 and 4 o'clock that he attended
Mrs. Botkin at the hotel on the occasion
referred to. but could give no reason why
he fixed the time 80 definitely. He did
not know how long after the 31st of July
he was asked to recall the date of his
visit and the circumstances attending it,
but he thought it was fully two months.
He had an entry in his book regarding
the operation he had performed on the
morning of the 31st, when his brother and
Dr. Deardorff were present and assistea
him. The witness could not remember
statements he had made to reporters at
Seattle, where he was visiting at the
time of the murders, and when Mrs. Bot
kin was first under suspicion. He did re
member that he had said Mrs. Botkin
could have gone out, that she was not
too ill for that.
He did not remember why he had re
mained a half hour with his patient when
he could have prescribed for her illness
in a few minutes. He said they chatted
after his professional duties had been per
formed.
Mr. Hosmer finally abandoned his at
tempt to pin the witness down in the mat
ter of time regarding his visit and took
up the matter of poisoning by arsenic.
After a number of questions the witness
said he was not an expert on arsenical
poisoning. He did not know of any way
to be sure of a case of poisoning from
that drug but by an autopsy. He was
asked if a person had said they had taken
arsenic and he had seen the usual symp
toms in the patient, would he be satisfied
as to the cause of death without the for
mality of an autopsy. He said the latter
was the only sure way to detect the pres
ence of the drug.
Thomas \Y. Ford, superintendent of the
mail service at the San Francisco post
office, was the next witness. He was of
the impetuous class of witnesses and had
to be curbed repeatedly by Judpe Cook.
He was first shown the wrapper and was
asked to examine the postmark. He said
it looked like a San Francisco postmark
and contained originally either second,
third or fourth class matter. There was
no way of telling where it had been
mailed or the day or hour.
Mr. Knight then asked a series of ques-
tions, to which Mr. Hosmer objected, and
his objections wre sustained. They were
to the effect that there was a rule of the
postofflce that candy in an ordinary box \
could not be mailed Mr. Knight said that j
he claimed the package had never gone
through the mails at all. He criticized the
Deen warm.y arguea.
Knight finally went off on another tack.
asking the witness to explain what usage
the package would receive in transmis-
sion from here to its destination. Hos-
mer was much interested in the examina- !
tion of the witness and stood up. Thia i
exasperated Knight, who asked him to be |
seated and to remain seated during his
examination of witnesses for the defense, j
"I don't want to look through you. You
may be opaque or obrien. I want the same
treatment I accorded you." |
The witness then proceeded to explain
the various hands through which the
package would pass. He dwelt long and
fondly on the word "thrown," using it
with many variations and in many keys.
He was shown the box and asked if it
could cross the continent and remain un
broken and in the condition in which it
is now. The witness said it would all de
pend upon the packing.
To Mr. Hosmer he said all packages
sent through the mails are not destroyed
by rough usage. He would not swear posii
tively that the postmark on the wrapper
was that of this city, although it had its
general appearance. He thought the post
mark freakish, as there seemed to be
some letter missing. The witness said the
box was insufficiently packed for trans
mission if it contained soft candies. Hard
candles would not make so much differ
ence, as they were not so liable to bo
crushed.
To a juror he said it was his duty to
examine all parcels to determine whether
they would stand shipment. It was not
possible to examine all packages minute
ly and some might pass through without
being detected.
Hosmer asked if it were not a fact that
dynamite had on a number of occasions
escaped the vigilant inspectors and passed
through the mails, and the witness said
it was true. The witness was cautioned
not to try to convince the jury that the
box of candy never passed through the
mails.
John P. Dunning was recalled and Mr.
Hosmer asked:
"When Mrs. Dunning and your little
girl went from San Francisco to the home
of Mr. Pennington in Dover, Del., and re
mained there, did Mrs. Botkin know they
had left San Francisco and had gone
there?"
"yes, through me. I had told her a num
ber of times where they were and that
they would remain there."
Mrs. Grace Harris was recalled by Mr.
Knight. Judge Cook asked the purpose
of his questions regarding her past life
and was told it was for the purpose of at
tacking her credibility. She was asked if
she knew Mr. Conroy, a saloonkeeper on !
California and Hyde streets. She was !
asked if she was in the habit of going
to the saloon and drinking there. Judge
cook would not permit the question which
Knight said was for the purpose of show- j
ing that her vlslts were and not
rlous t everybody. Knight tnen attacked
Wm tQ tfae extent q{ { that he CQUId
not ask such questions ot a lady. He
finally excused the witness, but later in
tne day sne piaced herself within his
reacn unwittingly and was given another '
scoring
W, H. Robarts of Mendocino County
was the next witness. He is married to
one of Mrs. Botkln's sisters. In June,
1597, when one of the anonymous letters
was mailed in this city, he was agent for
the steamer Humboldt, plying between
San Francisco and Eureka. He testified
that Mrs. Botkin arrived at Eureka on
the steamer Pomona on June 2, 1898. She
remained at his house throughout the
month, with the exception of one day,
spent at Ferndale with her father. The
progress of the examination of the wit-
Continued on Second Paga.
DANGER TO
THE STATE
IMPENDING
TREASURY IS ALHOST
DEPLETED.
Sharp Lawyers of San Francisco
and Sacramento Advise County
Treasurers Not* to Settle
With the State Con
troller.
The truth now coming to light con
cerning the true inwardness of con
tracts existing between certain lawyers
of this city and Sacramento on one
side and forty-three counties of the
State on the other leads to the conclu
sion that there will not be sufficient
money in the public treasury on the
first day of January next to meet the
usual expenses of the State rovern
ment for one month. A history of the
events and incidents leading ud to this
remarkable and deplorable state of af
fairs is interesting from many points
of view and the sequel may show how
the people can be plundered under the
guise of the law.
It is a matter of record that County
Treasurers throughout the State on the
advice of Boards of Supervisors have
refused recently to make the customary
settlements through the Controller with
the State Treasurer. The question will
be asked why do they refuse at this
time? In replying to this question a
review of the laws relating to the col
lection of State taxes by the various
counties becomes important.
Under a law which held a place
among the living statutes until Feb
ruary 23, 1893, counties were allowed
certain commissions or fees for the cel
lection of the State's share of taxes.
In 1893 the Legislature repealed this
act allowing commissions for collec
tion. Following is the text of the act
of repeal:
An act to abolish commissions or fees
paid by the State for the assessment,
PRICE FIVE CENTS,
equalization, auditing and collection of all
valorem taxes. Approved February 23,
1593.
The people of the State of California,
represented in Senate and Assembly, do
enact as follows:
Section I— All commissions or fees paid
by the State to the officers of any county,
or city and county, for services rendered
in the assessment, equalization, auditing
and collecting of ad valorem taxes are
hereby abolished: provided, that this
shall not affect the commissions paid to
the Assessors of the several counties for
services rendered in the collection of per
sonal property taxes, as provided by
chapter eight of the Political Code, or
the mileage allowed to the Treasurers of
the several counties, or cities and coun
ties, in making settlements with the State
as provided by section three thousand
eight hundred and seventy-six of the Po
litical Code.
Sec. 2 — All acts or parts of acts in con
flict with this act are hereby repealed.
Sec. 3 — This act shall takfe effect from
and after the first Monday in May, 1893.
Under the provisions of this act abol
ishing commissions the County Treas
urers made their settlements with the
State. There was no outcry or public
remonstrance against the law nor any
of its provisions. It was as fair to one
county as another and just to the whole
State at large. It was whispered, how
ever, around the State Capitol that
there was some technical error or in
formality in the Senate proceedings on
the final enactment of the law and soon
attorneys were at work to discover the
flaw or technicality by which the va
lidity of the statute could be assailed.
It is said that the law firm of Deviin
& Devlin of Sacramento gained posses
sion of the knowledge that only twenty
Senators voted for the final passage of
the bill, whereas the constitution re
quires twenty-one votes or a majority
of all the Senators elected.
The Call at this particular time does
not propose to go into details concern
ing the entries on the official record of
the Senate. The bill was passed ac
cording to the declaration of the pre
siding officer, and it went to the Chief
Executive of the State properly certi
fied and received the approval of the
Governor. The flaw which the lawyers
found was used to excite the greed of
counties and lead local officers to be-
lieve that a considerable sum of money
could be recovered from the State — an
amount as large as the several counties
would have received in five years under
the provisions of the old law. The
amount aggregates $1,500,000.
In the enterprise tp compel the State
to reimburse counties Devlin & Devlin
of Sacramento were joined by Rodgers,
Paterson & Slack of San Francisco. It
transpires that contracts were made
through Boards of Supervisors with
forty-three counties of California. Un
der these contracts the lawyers are to
receive on an average 40 per cent of
the money collected from the State or
withheld from the State in settlement
wKh the State Treasurer. The figures
obtained by The Call show that the
commissions, calculated on the per
centage of the old law, now aggregate
$1,500,000, and the attorneys who dis
covered the flaw and secured the con
tracts are to receive in the aggregate
for their enterprise and sagacity nearly
$700,000.
That the situation is now critical and
serious for the State there can be no
question. Acting on the advice of the
lawyers mentioned the several County
Treasurers have refused flatly to make
settlement with the State on any other
basis than the retention of commis
sions <"or the collection of th« State
taxes. Yesterday the Supreme Court
denied an original writ of mandate to
compel the Controller to settle with the
Treasurer of Sutter County.
The proceeding in the court was in
stituted to compel the Controller to set
tle on the basis of allowing the Treas
urer of Sutter County to retain the
commission for the collection of State
taxes. After the court denied the writ
compelling settlement on that basis the
County Treasurers were advised by the
percentage lawyers to make no settle
ment whatever and to refuse to pay
money into the State treasury. There
fore no money is going into the State
funds. In former years between the
15th and 30th of December about three
million dollars was paid into the State
treasury and money was available to
meet the expenses of the State admin
istration and provide for the support of
public institutions.
So much for the history of the events
leading up to the present complication.
Now for the results which are clearly
outlined. The sum of money in the
State treasury at the present time does
not exceed $500,000. When the Board of
Examiners meets In a few days and
settles the December claims the amount
remaining will not exceed $200,000. That
sum will not pay the usual expenses
for the conduct of the State government
for one month. The State government
is, therefore, face to face with a serious
difficulty. If reputable attorneys and
respectable county officals were not
concerned in the enterprise to collect
money from the State In this fashion2
the method of collection might be
termed a hold-up.
Any aflvaffljtage which counties may
pain over the State is bound to be brief
and fleeting. The Legislature is the
law-making power and the State has
rights as well as individuals and coun
ties. Admit, for example, that the di-
Ifmma will force the State to settle oh
the terms prescribed by the County
Treasurers. Such settlement would
turn over to the counties the fuin of
■me million five hundred thousand dol
lars. The lawyers will get of this
amount say seven hundred thousand
dollars. The State cannot lose the mon
ey and taxes must be levied, and surely
will be levied, to restore the balance.
The counties receiving the back com
missions will pay an equal amount to
the State in taxes and in the end they
will lose exactly what they pay out
for attorney fees. The contracts to pay
the lawyers exist between the counties
and the attorneys.
The contracts were quietly negotiat
ed. The Supervisors listened to the
fairy tales and bound the taxpayers
to pay an enormous percentage with
*be hope that the county would get
something to the good from the State.
The stupid Supervisors never consld
i red that the State would levy ad
ditional taxes to make good the amount
wrested from the State treasury.
Snn Francisco is among the forty
three contracting counties and 'it is
doubtful if a hundred citizens of the
ropolis know anything concerning
the transaction. The Mayor himself
says it was difficult to get any legal ad
vice on the proposition. In an Inter
view last night he said:
"Yes, the Mayor approved the con- I
tract. Juilc.' Slack and Mr. Devlin ;
nted the question. San Francisco- \
1 to pay 50 per cent on the first i
$10,000 collected from the State, ij
think at the suggestion of Dr. Clinton
tin amount was reduced to 25 per cent
on all collections in excess of $10,000. |
The contract was made abc-ut six
months ago."
The Legislature may nasii a retro
active measure to remedy defects in the
repealing statute. As an extreme
measure money could be borrowed on
the credit of the State to conduct the
affairs of government until the taxes
of the ensuing year could be collected.
No difference what method is adopted
the counties now refusing to settle will
be obliged to foot the bills.
It is known that Governor Budd and
Controller Colgan fully realize the
serious character of the situation. The
Legislature will convene in a few days
and money will be required to keep the
wheels of government in motion. It is
known that the Attorney General has
been consulted, but the county officers
prefer to be puided by the advice of the
lawyers with whom they have entered
Into compact to force the State to pay
commissions for the collection of State
taxes.
When the people of the State begin to
realize the true situation and compre
hend that they will be obliged to pay
over in taxes the $700,000 to line the
pockets of sharp lawyers of San Fran
unento there will be such
an awakening of public remonstrance
as the good people of California have
never witnessed.
The frame of mind in which the
Legislature will meet can better be
imagined than described. An empty
treasury is the last thing that a law
maker desires to contemplate and to
fancy that the treasury is depleted
when it should be plethoric will-Cause
the enactment of legislation which will
place it beyond the power of a County
Treasurer to further defy the State
Controller.
The only penalty at present for the
refusal of a Treasurer to settle with
the State is a paltry fine of $1000. The
law in this regard will surely be
amended before the session of the next
Legislature is many days advanced.
The Governor, Controller and Attor
ney General will probably confer again
to-day to see what can be done to avert
the mischief thr atened by the contin
ued refusal of the County Treasurers
'tie.
In fixing the tax levy to provide reve
nue for maintaining the State govern
ment the Legislature, on the advice of
the Controller, estimates the amount
required for each of the various funds.
The rate of taxation is fixed to raise
the amount of money so required.
Should the amount raised be riot am
ple to maintain the institutions of gov
ernment the money must be raised in
the next tax levy to meet the deficiency.
It is a proposition as plain as day
light that if the State is deprived of
$1,500,000 which was raised by taxes to
support the various institutions and to
meet the several obligations of the
State, an equal amount must be raised
in the next tax levy to make good the
diversion or loss.
Therefore if the counties succeed in
obtaining a reimbursement on commis
sion account of $1,500,000 the funds for
the Bupoprt of the State will be deplet
ed to that extent, and to make good
the depletion an extra tax to raise
$1,600,000 will be placed on the coun
ties. The counties will pay back to the
State treasury all they get from the
State, and in addition they will be com
pelled to pay to attorneys $700,000. It is
easy to see where the swag will go in
a transaction of this character.
The universally popular cult of the
cycle has received a check In one part of
the world. The Emperor of Morocco, who
only a short time ago purchased a luxuri
ous cycle-wheeled cab from one of the
largest manufacturers, has now forbidden
th<- use of the cycle In his domains.
Delicate
Weimar Fancy China
-
Purple and white flower spray
decorations. Graceful shapes
Bone, Tea, Dessert and
Bread and Butter Plates
Salads Oatmeals and
Olives, Coffees and " 5
o'clock Tea Cups, Fruit I
Saucers, Cream Pitchers
and everything that's
dainty
Winning prices
Great America nimporl'gTea Co.
66 1 Market, op. P«w«U 705 I arkin St.
140 Sixth St. 1419 Polk St.
2 1 8 Third St. 1819 Devisadcro St.
806 Kearny St. 2008 Flllmore St.
146 Ninth St. 321 Montgomery Ay.
2510 Mission St. 1190 Kentucky St.
8006 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
855 Hayes St. 32 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES: :
Ios3WashinstohSt. 131 San Pablo Are.
©17 Broadway.' . -616 E. Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St. >... •; :; V 1
ALAMEDA— I3SS Park St. .
SAN RaFAEI.— n St.. near Fourth.
Write for Catalogue.
MRS, BOTKIN
PLEADS FOR
HER LIFE
Continued from First Page.
ness was brought to a sudden stop by Mr.
linsmer. He said the prosecution would
admit that she was there at that time
and remained all the month. This took
the defense somewhat by surprise, a? it
had a number of witnesses to prove that
fact
The witness was turned over to Mr.
Hosmer for cross-examination. H> asked
him a few questions, and then said that
be would later on try to show that a mail
sack was suspended from the gangplank
of tlie steamer and any letters deposited
in it were brought to this city before be-
ing stamped.
Dr. W. F. McNutt was the next witness.
He was asked as to what was the conclu
sive test to determine death by arsenical
p isoning. He said the only conclusive
test was a post mortem examination. To
Mr. Hosmer he described the symptoms
of arsenical poisoning, all of which tal-
Lied with the symptoms shown by the
poisoned women as testified to by the
J Delaware physicians.
At the opening of the afternoon session
Mr. Hosmer said that Mrs. Harris de
sired to take the stand to make an ex
planation, as she claimed an injustice had
been done her by Mr. Knight in his ques
tions during the morning.
The witness angered Knight, who as
sailed her bitterly. For a time the two
attorneys, the witness and Judge Cook
were all talking at once. The Judge cau
tioned Mr. Knight from asking improper
questions. He had asked the witness
about her husband, and she said, "Please
don't bring in my dead husband." The
witness explained her discharge from Will
& Finck's by saying that articles had been
stolen from there and it was decided that
as they could not determine who was the
guilty one they would discharge a
number of the employes. She was among
them, although she said nothing had been
proven against her.
She was asked why she did not testify
before the Grand Jury that the handker
chief she had sold had been sent to the
Victoria, and she said the question had
never been asked her; that she testified
to only those matters on which she was
questioned. She told a reporter that she
knew nothing about the case, as those
were the instructions she received.
John H. Walkington, a floor walker at
the City of Paris, was the next witness.
He tried to explain the methods by which
sales and addresses are checked out at
the store. His explanation was so com
plex that it was Impossible to understand
it, although all the parties at interest
took a hand in the proceedings. The wit
had the tags and other receipts in
use at the store. After showing that it
was impossible for a tag to be lost he !
• d the book to the jury. It did not |
take them long to find that a slip was |
missing from the book, by which the wit
ness was proving his claims that such a '
thing never happened. He told of the j
search which had been made for some j
evidence of the sale and delivery of the !
handkerchiefs which are supposed to com
plete the chain of evidence. The search
was made at the instance of the police.
The witness was taken repeatedly over |
the ground as to tho system in vogue as j
to the taking of addresses, but there !
seemed so many exceptions to all the
rules that the testimony did not apparent
ly enlighten any one.
James W. Mullen of RedTington & Co.,
druggists, was placed on the stand to pass
upon powdered' and lump arsenic. His I
testimony did not get in, as it was held !
the arsenic was not from the same pack
age as that found in the poisoned sweets.
The specimens he produced were finally
marked for identification. The opposing j
attorneys had. a passage at arms as to its
admissibility and Judge Cook felt con
strained to tell- Mr. Knight to address
himself to the court and not to Mr. Hos
m(T.
Professor Wolf was asked to pass upon
the arsenic, but declined to do so until he
had made a microscopic examination of
it. This he promised to do.
William Lee, shipping clerk at the City
of Paris, testified that if the package had
been delivered at the Victoria Hotel there
should be some record of it. This he had |
been unable to find.
Dr. Deas gave expert testimony on poi
soning by arsenic, of which he had seen
many cases. He held that a post mortem
examination was the only sure test to
determine that death ensued from arsen
ical poisoning.
Chief Lees testified that he had not
bought any arsenic since the arrest nf
Mrs. Botkin. He said that the two chem
ists took ten lumps of the candy from the
box for a joint analysis without any sug
gestion from him. It was subsequent to
the time that one had iound only lump
arsenic and the other powdered arsenic
in the candy submitted to them for exam
ination. Later they found evidences of
both kinds of arsenic. The Chief testi
fied that the exhibits had undergone no
change while in his possession.
Knight called for a witness who was l ot
in attendance, and then he turned to Mrs.
Botkin. After a moment's conversation
she was seen to untie her veil and those
in the courtroom knew the time had ar
rived for the defendant to take her place
in the inquisitorial chair. Mr. Knight set
all doubt in the matter at rest by say
ing:
"Mrs. Botkin, take the stand."
With an occasional question he drew
from the woman on trial for her life the
following statement in substance: •
"I have been a resident of this city for
eight or ten years. I am married, and ray
husband is in business at Stockton. I have
known John P. Dunning since 1895, when
I first met him in Golden Gate Park. At
the time I was seated on one of the
benches with a lady friend, when he came
along with a wounded bicycle. He stopped
near us and then opened a casual conver
sation, making himself known and par
doning the intrusion. The next time I
saw him was on Post street and Grant
avenue. He .tipped his hat to me and
walked a short distance with me. At
that time I resided at 2217 Bush street,
where I had been, altogether, nearly two
years. Shortly after the time of which I
speak of having met Mr. Dunning I was
very ill and finally I was taken to Oakland.
Mr. Dunning visited me twice and on each
occasion was admitted by my nurse, Mrs.
Ruoff.
"After leaving Oakland I returned to \
this city and took apartments at 1001 j
Bush street, .where I remained for two or
three months. My son, Beverly, Joined
me there, as we decided it woulu be bet
ter as to finances that we should be to
gether. We moved from there to 757 ]
Post street. About this time my hus- !
band's affairs became Involved, and this j
made us go to boarding. It was at this
time we removed to 927 Geary 6treet,
where we remained for one year. By this i
time I knew Mr. Dunning quite well, and j
he was a frequent visitor at the house.
He was in financial difficulties at the
time, and asked me ..o help him by loan- ''
Ing him money. This I was not in a po
sition to do at the time. My son was with
me all the time, and we had a bit of so
cial life among a little coterie. Mr. Dun
ning was my constant attendant and ac
cepted of the hospitality extended by me
to him.
"My next move was to Humboldt Coun
ty. I left here June 1 on the steamer Po
mona and remained with my relatives all
through the month of June. I returned
to this city on the 3d of July. 1 took
apartments at 1222 Pine street, the old
Ralston Home, wh^ro I remained until
September, when I moved again, this time
THE SAN FRAISTCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1898.
to 1224 Hyde street, where I went to board
with a friend. In April I went to the Vic
toria, where I remained until Chief Lees
arrested me.
"My movements shortly before my ar
rest? I went to Stockton on the river
steamer on August 27 to make my period
ical visit to my husband. During
the trip I was not well and shortly
after I reached my husband's hotel I felt
po ill that I said I must g:o back to Mrs.
Ruoff's house, where I could get the ben-
efit of her nursing. I pleaded strongly for
a physician, but Mrs. Ruoff did not think
that I was in need of the services of one.
After a time she consented and summoned
Dr. Stone. I told him I thought I had
pneumonia, but he diagnosed my case and
said it was nothing more than bilious
ness. He Is a strong allopathic physician
and prescribed strong doses of Cftlflmel
and morphine. I am opposed to such se
vere medicines, and I asked him as to the
effect of morphine. This brought up a
general discussion of the two medicines '■
between the doctor and myself. The re- j
suit of our extended discussion was that i
1 discontinued the use of the morphine,.;
but kept up the calomel. I was unhappy \
at being ill away from homo and desired !
to leave Stockton, ill as I was, and return
here.
"Shall I continue with this?"
Knight: "Yes, go on."
"I did return to my room at the Vic
toria, but was quite ill. I had breakfast
served in my room that Sunday. In the ;
afternoon I was still ailing and decided
that it was best to call a doctor. I knew
Dr. Terrill through some mutual ac- j
quaintances, and went to the telephone j
shortly before 2 o'clock and asked him to i
call as soon as convenient. He came be- |
twten 3 and 4. and I told him all I had
gone through in my trip to Stockton an'l
while in that city. He said he thought !
I needed more calomel and prescribed it
tor me. He remained with me half or j
three-quarters of an hour, when he left,
saying he had a dinner engagement which <
he was going to fulfill."
Q.— Were you out of your room at any i
time on July 81, except when you left it
to telephone the doctor? A.— Only to go
and telephone.
Q.— Did you go to Haas' candy store
and buy chocolate caramels? A.— l never
did.
Q— Were you there on the afternoon of
July 31sl? A.— l was never in that jjhop
in my life.
Continuing witness said:
"I left the Victoria on August 4 to go to
Healdsburg. Previous to that date I had
corresponded with my sister, Mrs. Mc-
Clure and had prepared for my annual
autumn visit to her. I first went to the
sanitarium at St. Helena, where I re
mained a couple of days and then drove
over to my sister's."
To Mr. Knight: "What date would
that bring me to Healdsburg? Oh, yes,
the 6th.
"The next Sunday morning I read in the
newspapers of the Delaware tragedy. I
sustained a great shock and deplored the
occurrence. The next day. Monday, an
Examiner reporter, Miss Livernash, called
on me."
To Mr. Knight: "Can I relate this, Mr.
Knight?"
"Yes: Go right on; that's what I
want."
"Miss Livernash came on Monday morn
ing and found me doing the upstairs work
at the house. She told me her mission
and asked me what I knew of the tragedy.
I told her that all the information 1 had
gathered about it had been from the ac
counts printed in the papers. With that
she left me, but returned again in the
afternoon. I told her I had befriended
Mr. Dunning when he was in distress. I
told of the letters I had received from him
and brought the letters to her. I said at
the time that I wanted all knowledge of
my relationship with Mr. Dunning laid
bare, as 1 had nothing to conceal from
the world. I met him when he was in great
distress. He then made known to me his
difficulties In life, and among other things
he said he had used bonds did not
belong to him. The letters which are in
evidence now I yielded 'to her readily—
I felt I had nothing to conceal.
•'Miss Livernash approached me nicely,
representing that she came as a woman
meeting a woman in distress, and that she
would not take advantage of any con
fidences I might give to her. She-said I
was under strong suspicion of causing the
death of those unfortunate women In
Delaware. This was a terrible shock to
me and I fell unconscious to the floor. She
then left and my sister tried to revive me,
but It was several hours before 1 regained
consciousness."
Knight— lf it affected you that way at
that time, how does it affect you now?
"I feel most deadly yet.
"Miss Livernash called again that day
and we chatted awhile. She said she had
told the Examiner the effect it had on me
when I learned that 1 was under suspi
cion. I then told her that I was going to
Join my husband in Stockton, as 1 need
ed his protection. Sly sißter had led a
quiet, retired, religious life and 1 did not
want to distress her unnecessarily, so I
would leave her house. Miss .Livernash
said she would be glad to accompany me
to Stockton. I told her 1 would make her
my guest and would defray all traveling
and hotel expenses incurred by her. I got
my luggage together and we started for
San Francisco, en route for Stockton. We
put up at the Russ House and I asked to
be lert alone— l did not want to meet any
thing else in the shape of reporters. She
went out on business, but returned late
in the afternoon. I called a cab and we
went to the deput. We took the train for
Stockton and upon our arrival there were
met by my husband. He took us to a ho
tel and one of his first questions was as
to Miss Livernash's identity. He declined
to confer with me until she had retired. I
told him he need not be afraid of her.
The reason I said this was because of a
conversation we had on the train. In this
Miss Livernash told me I need not be
afraid to speak freely to her regarding
my life. She said she herself led a dual
life and could be lenient with persons who
had committed a like sin. She said she
was living with a married man and that
they were awaiting the death of his wife
when they would marry. She met him
regularly in San Francisco. At the time
I told her I did not want any such con
fidences.
"Miss Livernash left the room ostensibly
and my husband and myself discussed our
affairs. I told him that in justice to me
he should state to the world why we lived
apart and that It was not my fault. At
one time I thought my husband was free
from me. He told me he had been grant
ed a divorce, but he finally confessed that
he was trying to deceive me. He made a
successful deal about that time and treat
ed me well financially.
"The money orders bearing- my name
that are in evidence In this case came to
me as my husband's remittances and also
from people for whom I was acting as
purchasing agent. I gave up this occu
pation when the commissions allowed
were cut down to a point which did not
compensate me for the trouble. I was at
that time a customer at all the better
shops hero."
"Did you buy the hani.-.erchief in evi
dence here?' 1
"I did not."
"Did you ever have any package deliv
ered in this city?"
"As far as I can gr> back in my mem
ory I never had a package delivered "
"You did not buy it?"
"I never did."
"Do you know Mrs. Seeley?"
"I have a marked remembrance of her
She took a room on Bush street where
we were living and became violently at
tached to my son, Beverly. After a time
he went to Stockton and she followed
him there, and they lived at the hotel to- :
gether. I warned my husband of the in- :
timacy, as I was afraid she would make
an early marriage, although she was
fourteen years older than he was Mrs
Seeley met Mr. Dunning at my house'
where we had a little coterie for pleas
ure. She accepted my hospitality and ;
was entertained nicely. One time she
seemed morose and depressed, and I ask
ed the nature of her trouble. She would
not tell me although I pressed her for an
explanation. She finally said she would
tell Mr. Dunning ana took him out into
the corridor.
"She told him my husband contempla
ted a divorce from me. He came back
and told me this, and I asked her on what
grounds. She said there was a woman in
the case. She said that when she went
to Stockton to visit my son she saw Mrs.
Arbogast, who told her that my husband
contemplated a divorce from nie. I took
the next train to Stockton and wanted
him to corroborate It. He said he was
fond of the woman and did contemplate
beginning proceedings. 1 told him I would
never divorce him. That after ail my
youth was passed he could not cast me
asiae for another woman. That he could
bear any relation he pleased toward her
and that I would not interfere, but there
would never be a divorce granted him
while I could prevent it. In his letters to
me, and which Chief Lees found in my
luggage he discussed the matter of di
vorce; In fact, that was chiefly their im
port. "'
At this point Mr. Knight asked that
the further examination of the witness
go over until this morning at 10 ©"clock.
The request was finally granted.
NATIVE SONS AND DAUGHTERS.
Sequoia and Fremont Parlors Have a
Christmas Tree Festival and
Dance.
There was a great number of people in
the banquet hall of the Native Sons'
building last night to enjoy the Christmas
tree festival given by the members of
Sequoia Parlor of the Native Sons and of :
Fremont Parlor of the Native Daughters
of the Golden West.
The affair was arranged by a joint com
mittee consisting of Henry Schefer, L. M.
Barman, J. B. Tyson, E. A. Mocker, H.
Anderson, F. T. Krueckel, and Misses M.
Hawkins. M. Montague, Annie Kerr, Ab
bie Goodwin and Margaret Schultz.
In one corner of the hall there was a
large curtain which concealed the Christ
mas tree, and when L. M. Barman, rep
resenting Santa Claus, announced that
the curtain would be drawn, all present
rushed to the corner to get a view of the
tree. There was a general cry of "Pshaw!"
when there was exposed to view a se
quoia six inches high, but all were recom
pensed by Santa Claus, who. during the
grand march, which was led by Henry
Schefer and Miss M. Hawkins, gave each
a present. Then followed a programme
of dances and an enjoyable time was had.
SUPER DENIED HIS
WIFE'S ALLEGATIONS
HE FOUGHT HER COMPLAINT
FOR A DIVORCE.
Said She Put Him in the Basement
and Finally Drove Him Out
Altogether.
Divorce proceedings of unusual interest,
in which Kate E. Sloper, well known as a
spiritualist; appears as plaintiff, and her
unassuming husbajid, Ira M. Sloper, who
follows, the humble occupation of a car
penter, appears as defendant, were con
cluded before Judge Belcher yesterday
and submitted for decision.
In her complaint Mrs. Sloper alleged
that her husband had willfully and with
out cause deserted and abandoned her
and had failed to contribute to her sup
port. She stated that her husband had
voluntarily and without her consent left
his home and went to far away Guate
mala, then to Honolulu, and finally, to
the Klondike, and all the time failed to
I make provision for her.
The proceedings . were Instituted last
! month, shortly after Sloper returned from
! the Klondike. Sloper denies all the alle
| gations made by his wife, and avers that
: be went t6 the places named with his
wife's consent and at her suggestion.
Work was not to be found in this city,
and wishing to provide for her the better
he went to lands where work was to be
found. He accumulated some money, he
alleges, which he sent his wife, and al
ways cared for her and maintained a
pleasant . home. When he married his
wife, Sloper- further alleges, he assumed
the responsibility- of supporting a son of
15 years by a former husband and the
widowed mother of his bride. Thi3 trust
[ he never violated, he contended, and es
tablished this contention by proof during
j the trial. .-,-■•• -
By way of cross-complaint Sloper al
leged that before he went to Gautemala,
to guard : against possible accident, mis
fortune or death, he deeded over to his
wife all the property he had in the world,
valued- at about $4000. On his return
from Central America he was received
coldly by his wife. She assigned him a
place to sleep in the basement, and
anally, he avers, she drove him from the
j house altogether. .■>>'•;•■■= Al,^-;A I ,^-; "*.*r
The prayer of v the cross-complaint -is
! that the deeds to the property transferred
to i Mrs. •* Sloper by • her husband -be can
celed and returned to him, and that a de
cree of divorce be granted the defendant,
Mr. Sloper, on the ground of technical de
sertion. - 4 . <..■., r<v
>-, — ' v.,->'!'.:.-'' -•^--^•*;
ODD FELLOWS' CHRISTMAS.
Golden West Lodge Entertains Its
Members and Many of Their
Friends.
Past Grand W. A. 8. Nicholson, chair
man of the committee of arrangements,
presided last night at a Christmas jinks
given by Golden West Lodge of the Inde
pendent Order of Odd Fellows In Memor
ial Hall, I. O. O. F. building.
There were present about two hundred,
who were treated to a programme that
embraced the following numbers: Piano
recital, Oscar Curtaa; dramatic read
ings, D. E. Hanlon; mandolin duet,
Messrs. Norman and Goodwin; German
i specialties, Jessie B. Meyers; one-man
I orchestra, T. F. Miller; "The Telephone
i Man." J. M. Semarie; coon songs, Prof.
i O'Brien; " 'Frisco Tramp," Robert Car
lisle, and vocal solos by C. Reed and
Robert Terrill.
The chairman was assisted In his duties
by W. F. Dixey, F. N. Parker, J. P.
"W liinoy and H. V. Scott, who regaled all
; present with good cigars and excellent
punch. During the evening the chairman
delivered an interesting address on Odd
i Fellowship.
■ ♦ .
The Home Is Opened.
Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson yesterday
afternoon opened a home for working
girls at 645 Folsom street. Miss Alice M.
Roberts of Berkeley was placed in.
charge This home Is similar to many In
New York, Chicago and other large
cities, and Dr. Wilson has been planning
it for some time past. Its sole object Is
to provide a good home for unprotected
working girls, who are forced to labor
for small wages. The only recommenda
■ tioh for entrance required is respectabil
ity; the ohTy rules laid down are the or
dinary laws of propriety which society
has fixed. The home is -wholly undenom
inational, and open alike to women of all
creeds and beliefs. As the sum charged
each patron for board and lodging is very
small, many things are at present needed,
and donations of provisions, furniture,
etc., will be thankfully received at the
home.
— ~*~
The Monitor's Christmas Edition.
The Christmas edltfon of the Monitor
is replete with interesting articles, chief
among which is a. history of the divine
Jife of tne Savior, beautifully illustrated.
1 The presswork of the edition is far above
the average. In an address to its read
ers it has this to say:
A merry Christmas to the readers of The
Monitor! May the happiness and graces O f t ne
KtMn be theirs! May the Prince of Peace
reign in their homes and hearts. Such are our
' heartfelt greetings to the friends who are tried
and true, whose generous support we appre
ciate and are grateful for. Time makes j/io
changes In their gratitude and devotion to The
Monitor; its voice to them is not as the voice
of a stranger; it has gone Into their homes,
preaching truth and Justice and principle, and
striving to promote the Kingdom of God. May
theae homes abound in that happiness and
peace and grace which the Babe of Bethlehem
came upon earth to Impart.
For the Paris Exhibition.
. Manager J. A- Filcher of the State
;• feoard of Trade haß received from the
southern part of the State the draft of
j a bill providing for the creation of the
California Paris Exposition Commission
and for an appropriation of $150,000 for the
collection and maintenance of a splendid
exhibit of California natural and manu
factured products at the big world's fair
! in 1900. The bill provides for the appoint
! ment of a non-partisan board of commis
| sioners, who shall have full control of the
< money appropriated by the State. Each
is to be under $1000 bonds. The bill will
be Introduced soon after the Legislature"
j meets.
The Bill Adopted.
The conference committee on primary
election law met at the Union League
Olub last night and adopted, with slight
alteration, the measure proposed in the
majority report, which will be submitted
to the Legislature. The objection was
to clause « of the bill, which provided
that delegates to the national conventions
shall be elected at a primary election.
Thi3 clause was stricken out, as sug
gested in the report of the minority.
SURRENDERED
HIMSELF TO
THE POLICE
Isidor Lorber Under
Arrest. r. . : -
WANTED IN NEW YORK CITY
ACCUSED OF MUBDEKINtt HIS ;
YOUNG WIFE.
She Was Found Dead Under Suspi
cious Circumstances — A
Strange Story Un- : .
, . folded.
Isidor Lorber. a dry goods clerk, called
upon Captain Bohen at police headquar
ters yesterday afternoon and surprised
the veteran detective by saying that he
wanted to surrender himself, as he be
lieved the police in New York were look
ing for him on a charge of murdering his
young wife.
He denied that he had anything to do
with the death of his wife and handed the
captain a copy of a New York paper of
October 23 containin- an account of the
woman's death from asphyxiation on the
previous day in her home at 344 Ellery
street. The paper stated that JLorber and
his wife Annie, who was described as a
beautiful young woman, had been married
in August last and had lived very hap
pily in their home on Ellery street. Two
days before she was discovered in a dying
condition in her home she had been show
ing her neighbors a letter from Germany
to her husband and she was sure it would
contain good news for him. At that time
there was no suspicion of foul play, but
it developed later.
Lorber told Ca«ptain Borden that he had
discovered his wife, who was a Galician,
had given birth to a child before he be
came acquainted with her. She did not
tell him of that fact, and when he learned
it he could not forgive her for her deceit
and decided to leave her. He left Now
York on October 19 without any settled
idea of his destination. He went to Phila
delphia, where he pawned his watch and
chain, and from there to Baltimore, where
he slept all night in a bath house. He
says his name will be found registered
there. Next day he took the boat for
Savannah, Ga., and his name would be
found registered as a passenger. He was,
therefore, on the boat on his way to
Savannah when nis wife was discovered'
dying in her home.
He arrived In this city about six weeks
ago and obtained employment in the Em
porium. Prior to leaving New York lie
joined the Odd Fellows' society, and after
settling here he wrote to a friend in New
York, who had been the means of getting
him to join the society, to obtain and for
ward hiß certificate of membership. Last
Tuesday he received a reply from his
friend, in which he learned that he had
been suspended from the order, as he hid
been charged with the murder of his
wife. His friend sent him the copy of the
paper of October 23 containing the ac
count of his wife's death, and told him
that, suspecting he had gone to Europe,
two detectives had sailed from New York
to search for him. His friend advised
him to surrender himself to the police
here until his innocence could be proved,
and then he would receive his certificate
of membership.
Following his advice Lorber resigned his
position in the Emporium and yesterday,
surrendered himself to the police. Cap
tain Bohen locked him up In the "tanks"
and sent a dispatch to the Chief of Police i
in New York asking if Lorber was wanted I
there on the charge of murder. Nothing '
will be done with him until an answer is
received.
REQUIREMENTS OF THE
BERKELEY UNIVERSITY
REGENTS MEET STATE INSTITU
TIONS SENATE COMMITTEE.
Figures for the Guidance of the Leg
islature in Making Appro
priations.
Regents Hallidie and Denlcke of the
State University met the Senate Commit
tee on State Institutions yesterday after
noon in the Mills building. There were
present Senators John IT. Dickinson
(chairman) and W. F. Prisk of the com
mittee, and A. B. Sbarboro, representa
tive of the Italian-Swiss Colony.
The purport of the conference was the
presentation of facts and figures as to
the needs of the university, for the guid
ance of the Legislature in making appro
priations. Regent Hallidie was spokes
man and read the following recommenda
tions:
That an appropriation of $100,000 be made
for the construction of an administration
building to preserve the valuable archives
and documents of the university said con
struction to be delayed until September,
when the new international plans will be
completed. Also the following: Chemi
cal laboratory, $5000; students' observa
tory $1500; gymnasium, $2000; auditorium,
$20,000; taking care of the forestry and
viticultural stations established by the
Legislature. $10,000; repairing buildings on
university grounds, $2000; provision for
instruction in practical dairying and a
veterinarian, $5000 each; improvement of
the west end of the university, known as
Oxford street, 16000; provision for the
care of streets, approaches and grounds
of the Affiliated Colleges.
The recommendation for the passage of
an act authorizing the university to in
sure Income producing property held by
it In fee for security against loss by fire
provoked some discussion. Mr. Hallidie
stated that the Johnson building, pur
chased for $385,000, and the Sacramento
building on First street, valued at $210 -
000, carried no Insurance and in case of
fire great loss would result. Chairman
Dickinson did not seem in favor of insur
ing the buildings, saying that the loss
would fall on the State, and he deplored
the Idea of the State going into the real
estate business. Secretary McCowan
stated that Harvard and Cornell univer
sities had bought real estate in the open
market.
An act was also recommended providing
for the payment of the interest on di
verted funds amounting to $14,355 to the
credit of the interest account since July
1595.
The building used for the agricultural
department was destroyed by fire and a
new one built by the university at an ex
pense of $12.020.- and the Legislature will
be asked to reimburse it. The Stnte will
also be asked to Increase the amount ap
propriated for operating expenses com
mensurate with the growth of the insti
tution.
The pure food bill is now under the con
sideration of the Associated Industries
and after thorough revision will be pre
sented to the committee next week. The
committee will visit the university next
Wednesday and make further observa
tions as to its requirements and condi
tions.
MONEY FOB, THE CELTS.
Gratifying Financial Statement of
the Irish Fair Submitted.
At the meeting of the Celtic Union on
Tuesday night John Mulhern, treasurer
of the Irish Fair held In the Mechanics*
Pavilion from August 20 to September 10,
read his report of the receipts and expen
ditures.
There are a few small bills for adver
tising in the official programme still out
standing, and as soon as these are col
lected a supplemental report will be filed.
The fair netted $9532 12, which will be used
to purchase a lot on which to build a
home for the union. The report shows
that the map of Ireland was the greatest
attraction at the fair, $3253 40 having been
collected in admissions. Following is the
financial statement in full:
Receipts — Art gallery, $809 50; American
booth, $620 90; antmatoscope, $144 10; Blarney
CasUe, $703; badges and buttocs^242 75; Bank i
of Ireland booth, $200; coffee parlor. $90 10; ci
gar booth. $:<6 35: candy, * 152 30; cloakroom,
$65 35; Dewey victory booth. $4*5 65; dancing
hail, $549 70; Gypsy camp, $168 30; Irish fairy
booth, $44 60; ice cream parlors, $548 15; Japan
ese tea garden. $115 90; Knights of Tara booth,
$642 65; Limerick races, $236 tis; lemonade booth,
$100; Lakes or Killarney, $176 45; map of Ire
land, $3253 90; popcorn and crisps, $134 25; post
office, $53 05; rocky road to Dublin. $470 15; St.
P. A.', of A. booth, $429; souvenir programme,
$143 20; soda water, J356 70; St. Patrick Mutual
Alliance, $493: box office receipts, $11,318 40;
tickets sold by ladles, $5420 35; programme ad
vertising, etc., $3953 30; space account, $2695;
cash donations and other sources, $576 S2; total,
$35.341 i 87.
Disbursements — Booths and decorations,
?4597 54; rent, pavilion and annex, $1724 50;
gas, $452 95; electric light. $1127 30; music.
$2477 60; advertising, $2041 30; printing pro
grammes, stationery, etc.. $3f166 65: commis
sions. tiSSS 7S: badges, $160 25; goods pur
chase'!. $1174 35: salary and labor account,
$61.'2 S7; cartage of rubbish, etc., $1"9 75; In
surance, $262 06; damage account. $100; inci
dental expenses. $CSS 06; balance on hand,
$9532 12; total, $35,349 S".
Veteran Firemen Organize.
The veteran paid firemen of this city
met in B'nai B'rith Hall on Wednesday
evening and organized a society of old
fighters, which is to be of a purely social
character. George W. Kinnard stated that
a banquet will probably be given on the
twenty-third anniversary of the organi
zation of the first paid Fire Department
of San Francisco. On next Wednesday
evening another meeting will be held in
Superior Judge Seawell's courtroom to en
roll new members and perfect arrange
ments for the banquet.
Story of the King of Counterfeit
ers in next Sunday's Call.
WILL FORFEIT BAIL.
Eighteen Chinese Lottery Men Who
Will Not Be Tried.
OAKLAND, Dec. 22.— The Chinese lot
tery men will not be tried. There were
eighteen cases pending in the Police Court
to-day, but It was decided that each of
! the dealers be allowed to forfeit $40 bail,
! which means $720 to be turned Into the
i city treasury.
1 Ah Sing, who conducts a place on Tenth
, street, between Broadway and Franklin.
wus tried to-day, but the jury could not
! agree as to Ah Sing's guilt. The impan
i cling of further juries for the remaining
i cases was thereupon halted and Attorney
i Tom M. Bradley, on behalf of the "Asiatic
: bond manipulators," offered to forfeit $40
bail in each case. This was agreed upon. .
CHECKED EY BUGLE CALL.
Stampeding Cavalry xtorses Obey the
Familiar Command.
The blasts from one lone bugle mo
mentarily checked the stampede of 800
loose cavalry horses of the First Texas
Cavalry at the entrance to Fort Sam
Houston the other morning. Five hundred
. obedient animals implicitly obeyed the
I bugle commands of "Column left,"
i "Halt and "Attention." The remaining
I 3W, however, dashed off toward the city,
I overrunning the streets and colliding with
vehicles and pedestrians.
The animals were to have been taken to
* the cavalry target range tor a day's
! grazing. They were loose in the corral,
; awaiting the arrival ot the orncers in
! charge, when a cavalryman entered the
i inclosure, carelessly leaving the gate ajar.
The animals almost immediately began
to file out of the corral three and four
abreast. In the cummoilon ana excite
ment that followed the auimais broke
I down a portion ,of the corral tence, and
i through this they charged, Until in a tew
i minutes the wide street was filled with a
; mass or contused, loose cavalry Horses.
It Is a distance of three blocks from the
I corral to the adjutant's headquarters, and
! in this direction the stampeded cavalcade
j surged. At the. first alarm Captain John
Green of Troop I and two men mounted
j their horses and at one bound- cleared the
: iron fence around the headquarters for a
i short cut to the corral. Hiding before the
! stampede the three men wildly shook their
hats in the faces of the leaders of tne
; herd and sought after the usual cowboy
: mode to yell and whoop the wild caval-
I cade Into control. But their mounts were
: borne and driven forward by the irresist-
I lble surge of the 800 stampeding horses.
At this juncture Bugler Mcllhenny of X
Troop, with splendid presence of mind,
rushed to the gate and sounded the com
mand "Column left!-" -The effect was mag
ical. "Column left" had been trumpeted
at that particular spot every day for !
nearly two months. It was the command
that brought the regiment in column fofyi
mation through the wide gateway into i
the upper drill grounds. The effect of this
familiar bugle call was instantly discern- !
ible. There was a sudden checking up, a j
shifting, rearing and plunging into one :
another among the dense mass of horses. ;
Many of the animals were too- wildly ex-
Cited either to hear or obey the bugle j
call, but 500 free, riderless, stampeding i
horses checked up and fought their way j
out of the demoralized cavalcade, and as
Implicitly obeyed the command as if sad
dled and mounted.
First there came a dozen or so shy
leaders, trotting through the gateway,
followed by frequent bunches of from
forty to fifty each, until 500 cavalry horses
were running at large over the parade
ground.
Three hundred of the animals, how
ever, madly rushed past the gate and
the bugler. A cloud of dust which hung
long in their wake marked the route that
the animals took. As the starflpede
reached the more densely populated sec
tion of the city, it divided Into bunches,
running Into vehicles, damaging fences
and setting the Inhabitants momentarily
wild with fright. One bunch was run
into by a passenger train, and three
horses were killed. One horso dashed out
Its brains against a telephone pole, and
another in colliding with a carriage be
came Impaled on the shafts. Several
pedestrians were run down and more or
less Injured. A detail of flity men was
at once sent out, and In the course of the
day they rounded up all save thirty-five
of the runaways.
■\Yhile the uncontrollable horses were i
dashing toward the city Bugler Me- j
Ilhenny turned to the 500 obedient animals !
on the parade ground. "Halt!" and "At
tention!" were bugled over the parade
field, with wonderfully successful results,
and in a few minutes a small detail of
men rode up and easily drove the disci p-
E lined steeds back into- the corral.— St.
ouls Globe-Democrat.
An Indian Corn Story.
A fine voting man lived on a small hill
and being there alone he wished to marry.
He had flowing robes and wore long and
nodriinp plumes, so that he was very
beautiful to behold. Every morning and
evening he came out of his quiet house
and three times he eang "Che hen, che
hen. Bone ke kwah no wah ho ten ah
you ke neah. Say it. say It. Some one I
■will marry." And he thought he cared
not at all who it might be. For a long
time he kept this up, every morning and
night, and still he was a lonesome young
man.
At last a tall young woman came, with
long hair neatly braided behind, as is the
Indian style. Her beads shone like drops
of dew and her flowing green mantle was
adorned with large golden bells. The
young man ceased to sing, and she said:
"I am the one for whom you have been
looking so long, and 1 am come to marry
you." But he looked at her and said
"No, you are not the one. You wander
so much from home and run over the
ground so fast that I cannot keep by your
side. I cannot have you." So the pump
kin maiden went away, and the young
man was still alone, but kept on singing
morning and night, hoping his bride would
come.
One day there appeared a slender young
woman, of graceful form and fair of face.
Her beautirul mantle was spotted here
and there with lovely clusters of flowers
and groups of bangles hung upon it. She
heard the song and drew near the singer.
Then she said she could love dearly one
so manly and would marry him if he
would love her in turn. The song ceased.
He looked at her and was pleased, and
said she was just the one he wished and
for whom he had waited so long. They
met with a loving embrace, and ever since
the slender bean twines closely around
the corn, he supporting her and she
cherishing; him. Perhaps It might be
added that they are not divided in death,
for beans make a part of Indian corn
bread.— From the Journal of American
Folk-Lore.
NEW AMERICAN CIRCUIT.
The theatrical manager was outlining
his plans.
"I shall keep out of foreign countries
this year," he said. "I have decided to
play a strictly American national cir
cuit."
"Indeed!" commented the critic. "And
may I a9k whether you -will go round tne
world from east to weet or from west to
east?"— Chicago Post.
A Free Show.
Tommy— Goln' to the show ter-night
Johnny?
Johnny— Naw. We're goln 1 to have a
free show at our house to-night. Pa's
goin" to put down a carjjeU— Harlem Life.
FOUGHT THEM
OFF WITH A
WALKING STICK
The Suspected Foot
pads Identified.
TRIED TO ROB DR. MOKLEH
DAMAGING EVIDENCE AGAINST
THE PAl.tv. '
Several of Their Victims Visit tha
City Prison and Recognize
Hall and * Reagan as
Their Assailants
Fred Hall and George Reagan, the
i youthful robbers who were arrested
j Wednesday night after an exciting chasf>.
have been positively identified by three of
their victims.
Last evening Robert Volght. wj»© was
held up on the night of December.:!?, vis
ited police headquarters and at drjee rec-r
, ognized the prisoners as the men- who, at
; the point of a pistol, robbed him of $12
and a silver watch,
Volght says he was walking alofcg Cali
fornia street on his way home, and when
, near Leavenworth he was accosted by
the desperate footpads, one of whom
thrust a revolver In his face. He was told
, not to make an outcry under penalty of
being made a subject for the Coroner.
Realizing that they would not hesitate
■ to shoot him. Voight Allowed the taller
of the two to search his pockets for valu
ables. After taking his watch and money
I they ordered him to "get a move on" or
', suffer being riddled with bullets.
Voight, satisfied to escape with his life.
' lost no time in leaving the scene.
Dr. Mokler, who has an office at 324
Bush street, will in all probability pre
■ fer a charge of an assault with, intent to
! commit robbery against the precious pa^r.
A short time before they held up Joseph
Murdock, the crime for which they were
arrested, they attacKed Dr. Mokler on Sa
cramento street, near Baker. Hall thrust
i a revolver in his face and ordered him
to throw up his hands. The medical man
had a stout cane, and as the desperate
robber pointed his revolver at him he
: brought the stick down on his head.
Before he could follow up his advantage
! Hall and his companion raa down. th&
i street and disappeared in the darkness.
Last evening Dr. Mokler visited the City
; Prison and positively identified me two
: men. There are several other citizens who
were held up by the pair and who have
! been subpenaed to testify against them
when their preliminary examination is
held in the Police Court.
Louis Schlessinger. a boy living at 584
: Page street, will De an important witness
against the prisoners. On the night of
i December 19 he was proceeding along
Page street and when near Flllmore he
i was attacked by two men. One of the
i men caught him by the throat and threat-
I ened to strangle him if he made an out
! cry. The confederate. In order to prevent
i their helpless victim from summoning
assistance, placed the muzzle of a, re
volver against his breast after admonish
ing him to remain quiet or take a chance,
on being sent to the Aiorgue.
Young Schlessinger, realizing he was in .
the hands of desperate men, allowed them
to take his watch and chain and p. nickel
which he had In his vest pocket. He has
also identified the prisoners as the nun
who stood him up and robbed him -of his
valuables. -■.-.■ ■.--;* ■
State Mining Bureau.
The California State Mining Bureau, lo
cated in the Pioneer building, Fourth
street, near Market, will be closed to the
publfc to-morrow evening, pending tn£
removal of the exhibit to the new ferry
depot. For the past few weeks the em
ployes of the bureau have been taking
down the exhibits and packing them
in boxes for removal, and still tons of
minerals, ores, curios, etc., remain to bo
packed. It is not at all likely that the
bureau will be fully installed In Its new
quarters for a month or two.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ; -
"AtSLOANET
Fine selection of ....■; Rush
Seat Rockers of the latest
designs in either ;, Tobacco
Oak or : Mahogany finish .."^ V .
— $7.50 Each
Ladies' Inlaid Mahogany
finish Rockers with hand-
somely upholstered seats and
back 5. .... ... .. .$12,00 Each
Gentlemen's . large Easy
Chairs and Rockers, uphol-
stered in the latest ; styles- of
j Velours .... . . . . $14.00 Each
A large line of Three-piece
Parlor. 5uit5. ... ..:...... ;•/.?•> ,
.... > .From $25.00 per suit
Immense selectionpf Book-
cases in Quarter-sawed Oak,
hand polished, which we
offer at... ;...... $10.00 Each
Others 1 at 1 proportionately
low prices. .-• ■' vV* '-
Large line of Secretary
Bookcases, in a variety of
wood. -■; '■','• ■''■" : '
. We invite inspection of
stock and comparison:' of
prices. ;"■ ',; ;; •■  .^ ';:;"
Open Evenings Until Christmas* .
i,u,s!i&co.
Carpets— Furniture— Upholstery '.•
641, 643, 645, 647 MARKET STREET.
Use- ; /*^k - : and
Facial Soap B^/ Facial Cream.
WOODBURY'S Facial Soap, Facial Cream. Fa-
cial '- and ; Tooth ' Powder make • -th« T grandest ]
toilet combination known (or the skin. ■ Send.
; 20 cents (or sample of each, . sufficient (or tore*
week*' use. JOHN H. WOODBURY. IS: W 424
i St.. N. X..- 183 State »l, Cfalctso. .:_.,__CROSSING THE COLUMBIA RIVER BAR.
After an absence of four years the tug Relief returned to San Francisco for good yesterday. While
crossing out from Astoria she had a very rough time of it. As a general rule the captain makes the tug take
the big rollers bow on, but on this occasion a small swell threw the Belief's bow off a little and the next big
one catching her on the port bow nearly smothered her. Several panes of glass in the pilot-house were smash
ed in and Captain Randall and " the man at the wheel got a drenching.
A TRIFLING
BREAKDOWN ON
THE CHITOSE
It Compelled Her to
Return to Port.
WILL TRY IT AGAIN MONDAY
ALMOST A PANIC ON FERRY
STEAMER OAKLAND.
i
Owing to an Accident to the Berke
ley She Had to Carry Both the
5 and 5:30 P. M. Pas
sengers.
The Japanese cruiser Chitose returned !
to port early yesterday morning with her ;
machinery damaged. When off Point Sur
a crack was discovered In the guide to I
the high pressure cylinder, so the war
ship had to come back home under slow !
steam. There was no immediate danger
of a break down, but as the guide takes i
the strain off the cross-head it was feared j
that the whole affair might give under !
pressure. The Chitose reached the Union j
Iron Works about 7:30 a. m. and the work ;
of casting a new guide was at once begun, j
It ia thought that everything will be in j
readiness for another start by Monday (
nc'.i. }{ad nothing happened the qruiser j
would have reached Santa Barbara chan
nel by 4 a. m. yesterday and her trial
■would have taken place to-day.
The steamer Centennial is to bring the ;
Japanese crew of the Chitose here from j
Seattle. There are over 200 of them and ]
they arrived at Puget Sound from Yoko- t
h^ma over a week ago. Directly the j
cruiser has passed the official trial and has j
been accepted by the Japanese Govern
ment the crew will go aboard her and
she will start for Yokohama.
The tug Relief arrived from Portland
yesterday after a smart run of fifty hours.
Passing out over the Columbia River bar
the tug had a very lively experience. The
waters seemed to know thai she was
leaving that part of the coast for good,
and the river and ocean combined to give
her a fitting send off. At first Captain
Randall thought he would wait for a
change of weather, but he finally decided
to face it and the stout craft fought her
way out to sea. The work of putting new
t "ilers in the Relief will begin at once.
and as soon as the repairs are completed
she will go into commission again on the
bay of San Francisco. The Relief has
l-cin away from this port doing duty on
the Columbia River bar since September
1. 1894.
There was nearly a panic on the 5:P.0 p. I
m. trip of the ferry steamer Oakland !
Wednesday night. It took Captain Me- !
Kechnie and Mate liigginson all their i
time to keep the people quiet, and had j
they not succeeded there would hay»- been
a serious disaster.
The ferry steamer Berkeley was the |
cause of all the trouble. During her many i
encounters with the fender piles on this
side of the bay she knocked the grating
off her suction pipe and in crossing the
!>ay the pipe racked in a piece of sucking.
'1 his stopped the circulating pump and the
engines had to pome to a standstill. The !
Berkeley was due to leave this side at 5
j>. m.. but was unable to make her slip,
tin the people who generally take the boat I
nt that hour for home were told they ]
would have to wait for the o:30 p. m. boat, j
The usual rush for that boat was on time, |
and when all were crowded aboard the
Oakland the passengers were packed like
sardines. A movement to starboard or
port by the people made the vessel careen
as though she was going to capsize, and
some of the women screamed and others
fainted. A rush to either one side or the
other of the Oakland would have been
fatal, so it was to prevent such an oc
currence that the captain and mate left
the pilot house and spent the time oc
cupied in rraking the trip in calming the
passengers and assuring them that there
was no danger.
The sack was got out of the Berkeley's
suction pump later on and she was run
ning as usual at 6:30 p. m.
The Alvlso steamer F. M. Smith backed
into 'Washington-street wharf yesterday
and damaged her fantaii -and crank-pin.
She will be repaired and go out on her
usual run to-day.
The troopship Fcandia will leave for
Manila the latter part of January with
the officers and men of the Twentieth i
I'nited States Infantry. The officers will
take their wives and families along with
them. On Tuesday next the transport will
gn nn the I'nion Iron Works drydock.
Where she will be cleaned and fumigated.
After that she will go to either the union
or Risdon Iron Works for an overhauling. ;
and then she will be rpady for her voyage i
to the Philippines. The chances are that I
the California boys will come back on the i
Smndla. arriving here early in April.
<"hlef Engineer Little of the steamer
Alameda was tr< ated to a surprise party
yesterday. During his absence some of
the passengers who came up on the yes- !
sel from Australia paid her a visit, and ;
when they left Mr. Little's state-room i
was almost completely refurnished. There I
was a new carpet on the floor, new rugs.
a couple of hassocks, a new pier glass and
new curtains for the chief's bed.
The City of Peking was not able to get
away for the Orient on schedule time yes
terday, fehe was delayed owing to the
iHrpe amount of freight awaiting her and
.'id not get away until this morning
The O. and '». Company's Gaelic also
will probably be delayed, She Is to leave
to-morrow, but it may be Sunday before
she gets away. Assistant Naval Con- j
structor Hobson has engaged a passage
by her and will arrive here in time to
catch her. _.
Cornelius Cronin's Money.
The preliminary examination of Police
man Cassius Blackmail and Saloonkeeper
Rood on the charge of stealing JISO from
' ornelius Cronin of Nevada was contin-
u ed before Judge Mogan yesterday after
noon. The witnpssis examined were E.
McNamee, Charles Wagner and August
Bchwartx. McNamec and Wagner both
' testified that they were in Rood's snloon
when Cronin handed over the S2SS at
Blarkman'? request to Rood. Bchwart*
testified to Blackman bringing Cn>nin to
: tho Valencia Hotel and engaging a room
: for him. and to Rood riving him $j for
the room and telling him to keep his
j mouth shut.
PETITIONS ARE DE.\ r IED.
Supervisors Again Deal With Bsrk-
shire Street Property Owners.
The street committee of the Board of
Supervisors was in session yesterday and
succeeded in disposing of a big: batch of
last-of-the-year work.
A protest from a majority of the owners
of real estate on Berkshire street against
the paving of that thoroughfare, which
the Southern Pacific C< mpany is so anx
ious to have done- at the expense of the
city, was received and promptly denied.
At the same time the railroad was given
a backhanded swipe bj the shelving of
its request for permission to convert its
Montgomery, Sansome. Sixth. Taylor and
part of Geary streets lines of cars into
an electric system. The petition of the
company has been before the board for
sun!" time past and has been laid over at
the last five meetings of the committee.
Yesterday it was shelved and will be left
as a legacy to the incoming board.
The rcsidpnts of Sunnyside District sent
in a petition asking that Sunnyside street
be opened from Hamburg street to Dewey
boulevard through the Stitro estate. A
rrotest from the Sutro heirs stopped any
Oration of the plan and the c ity En
gineer was instructed to survey a route
around by Corhett road.
The Building Trades Council filed a pro
test against the erection of any wooden
galleries or seats in the big cyciorama
building in Central Park, but no action
•was taken on the matter.
CANDIDATES FILE
THEIR CONTESTS
SERIES OF PROCEEDINGS BE
FORE THE COURTS.
One Injunction Against the Election
Commissioners Asked, Three
Contests
A series of contests and suits flowing
out of the recent election were tiled with
the County Clerk yesterday. The first
action filed was in the nature of an in
junction proceeding on behalf of James
McQuade and James McCabe to prevent
the Board of Election Commissioners
from issuing a certificate of election to
Edward I. Sheehan. Tax Collector-elect.
In the petition for injunction it is stated
that Sheehan violated the "purity of elec
tions law" by promising one Smith a dep
utyship in his office. Judge Troutt re
fused to grant a temporary restraining
order, but issued an order to show cause,
returnable on January 4.
Dr. Peter A. Kearney, through his at
torney. A. Ruef, filed a complaint against
F. A. Byington. Supervisor-elect of the
Seventh Ward, praying for a recount. The
complaint sets forth malconduct on the
part of elections officers; that votes cast
for Kearney were counted for Byington,
and that the returns on their face show
that the election in that ward was irregu
lar and illegal. In support of the conten
tion it is alleged that the count shows
that the total number of votes cast for
the three candidates does not equal the
total votes cast throughout the city by
nearly 5000. Byington received, according
to the report of the Election Commis
sioners. 23,! :^T votes. Schiller 2075. Kearney
23,903. Judge Belcher net the matter of
Dr. Kearne--'s contest for bearing in his
department on the 4th of January.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnoll filed his periodical
contest. He contends that I)r. K. E. Hill
was not legally elected Coroner, and he
asks for a recount. Dr. O'Donnell's con
test, as far as the document filed with the
County <'ierk is concerned, is imposing.
I- contains in the neighborhood of 135,000
words, and sets forth every ground con
ceivable as reasons why he should be
seated and Hill deprived of the glory and
emoluments accompanying the position of
father of the city's dead. Judge Hunt will
determine the merits of Dr. O'Donnell's
contest.
R. P. Doolan contests the election of
Martin F. Fragley to the position of Su
perintendent of Streets. Fragley was re
ported as having been elected to the cov
eted position by a majority of 910 votes.
As In the preceding contests Doolan avers
that his opponent gained the majority
by reason of illegal counting and divers
irregularities. His contest will be heard
by Judge Hebbard on the first Tuesday
In January.
It is stated that Michael Meagher will
file a contest against Al Berthler. Re
corder-elect, and^ also that Police Judge
Low will dispute in court the right of
Police Judge-elect Treadwell to take his
seat.
F. Pistolesi's effort to stir the Election
Commissioners to activity regarding the
count of votes for Superior Judge for the
unexplred term has for the present availed
nothing. The commissioners refused to
direct the count until the opinion of At
torney Garret McKnerney regarding Its
illegality is secured. In the meantime
Pistolesl is "on the anxious neat.
NEIL SLOGGED REAY.
A Five-Round Boxing Contest at the
Merchants' Club Which Pleased
the Smokers.
The monthly fistic show given by the
Merchants' Athletic Club on Washington
and Davis streets was well attended. The
s- . mid meeting between Julius Tillman
nnd John Facclni ended in a draw. The
contestants boxed four rounds. Joe Gal
iardo of Stockton got a derision over
Young Jeffries of this city at the end of a
six-round bout.
The event of Importance was to have
been an eight-round bout between Al
Neil of the Princeton Athletic Club and
Joe Reay of the Olympic Club. The bet
ting was $10 to $9 in fnvor of Neil, who
stopped his opponent in the fifth round.
Reay was quite a nice boxer, but as ;t
fighter he is a failure from the fact that
he puts no steam in his blows. Nell is a
slogger pure and simple, and in the fourth
round he floored Reay six times and in
the fifth round he planted Reay on his
bnck on the cold, cold floor, where the
Olympic remained until counted out.
A Blundering Bobber.
Frank Ward was yesterday held to an
swer before the Superior Court by Judge
Joachimsen on two charges of attempted
robbery in $2000 bonds on each charge.
Monday night he attempted to hold-up
J. B. L. Roeca at Post and Taylor streets
and shortly afterward .ittempted to ho,d
up M. Befkowiu at Gear> and L^aveh
worth street*
THE SA:tf FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1898.
TO MEET THE
HERD OF THE
MERRIMAC
Hobson the City's
Guest To-Night.
ON HIS WAY TO JOIN DEWEY
PUBLIC RECEPTION BY THE
CITY OFFICIALS.
Entertainment and Supper This
Evening by the Friday Night
Club at Native Sons'
Hall.
To-night San Francisco will have as her
1 guest Lieutenant R. P. Hobson, U. S. N..
; the hero of the Merrimac, now en route
I to the Asiatic naval station. Though little
! time has been given for a fitting reception
| of the gallant young officer, and his stay
is of the briefest, plans for that laudable
purpose were adopted and hurried to a
j complete preparation for the event. As
j the Gaelic, on board which Lieutenant
: Hobson sails for Manila, leaves Saturday
! at 1 p. m.. It will be seen that his view
I of San Francisco will be taken on the
wing, as it were.
The following telegrams have passed
j between Mayor Phelan and Lieutenant
j Hobson, wording the invitation an.d iti
! answer:
PAX FRANCISCO. Cal., Dec. 20. 1898.
Lieutenant K. P. Hobson, Denver, Colo.: The j
citizens of San Francisco desire to entertain |
you. and I would be very much pleased to have
your«cceptance. JAMES D. PHELAN,
Mayor.
DENVER. Colo.. Dec. 21, 18S8.
Mayor of Pan Krancisco. Cal. : Many thanks
for kind invitation. It gives me pleasure to
a pt as tar as time permits. Consult Union
league Club as to first, evening.
R. P. HOBSON. !
The visitor having accepted the invita
tion to be the guest of the Union League
Club, that organization very gracefully
gave up its club entertainment in favor of
a public reception. Yesterday the follow
ing gentlemen met in Mayor Phelan's
office as a citizens' committee to arrange
a hospitable greeting to the heroic naval
constructor:
Mayor James D. Phelan, General Merriam,
I". S. A.: Naval Constructor Elliot Snow, I.'.
B. N.; Assistant Naval Constructor Gainos G.
Roberts. U. B. N. : Tirey L. Ford, of the I'nion
League Club; J. C. Currier, of the Sons Amer
ican Revolution: A. Sbarboro, of the Manufac
turers' Association; George A. Newhall. of the
Chamber of Commerce; A. A. "Watklns, of the
Board of Trade: George W. Spencer, of the
Pacific Union Club; James A. Thompson, of
th.- ISohemian Club; H. Eppinger, of the Pro
duce Exchange; C. V. Hobson, of the Native
s. H. Daniels, of the California Pio
neers: W. 1!. Harrington, of the Merchants'
Club; Leopold Michaels, of the Concordia Club;
C. P. Bells, ff the University Club; William
Fries, or the San Francisco Verein; L. G. Car
penter, of the Press Club; F. W. Uohrmann, of
the Merchants' Association: W. H. Mills, E.
A. Denlcke, of the Mechanics' Institute.
'Die committee decided on a public re
ception in the Palace Hotel parlors from
9::*0 to 11 o'clock, where the people will
be admitted to greet Lieutenant Hobson
and extend to him the hospitality of the !
city. In the great court yard a hand
will discourse music, and the ; cople will
have an opportunity to enjoy a prome
nade concert. The great Christmas tree
in the court of the Palace Hotel will be .
lighted. The galleries of the hotel will
be open to those who receive tickets,
which will be distributed by the- citizens'
committee. The following committee of
arrangements was appointed: Tirey L.
Ford, chairman: Assistant Naval Con
structor Games Roberts, U. S. N., George
A. Newhall and William Fries. They an
nounced the following reception commit
tee:
I Governor and Mrs. James H. Budd, Hon. and
Mrs. Henry T. Gage, Mayor James D. Phelan,
General and Mrs. Merriam, Assistant X»m
Constructor Games G. Roberts, U. S. N. ; Hon.
and Mrs. Tirey L. Ford, Mr. r.nd Mrs. A.
; Sbarboro, George A. Newhall. Mr. and Mrs.
1 A. A. Watklns, Mr. and Mrs. George W. Spen
cer, Mr. and Mrs. James A. Thompson, Mr.
I and Mrs. H. Epplnjer, Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Hob
j son, S. H. Daniels. Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Har
rington, Mr. and Mrs. Leopold Michaels, Mr.
! and Mrs. C. P. Eells, Mr. and Mrs. William
! Fries, L. G. Carpenter, Mr. and Mrs. F. W.
Dohrmann. Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Mills, Gen
eral and Mrs. N. P. Chlpman, Judge and Mrs.
W. H. Deatty, Judge and Mm. K. A. Belcher,
! Mr. and Mr?. Joseph P. Grant, Mr. and Mrs.
John H. .Tewett, Mr. and Mrs. Horace B Chase,
Mr. and Mrs. H»nry J. '"rocker. Mr and Mrs.
!'•-•■■ v T. Morgan. Captain nntj Mrs. Nelson,
Mr. and Mrs. waiter B. Dean, Major and Mrs.
W B Hooper, <'ommodor<> and Mrs. J. C. Wat
son. Mr. and Mrs. Wendpll Easton. Mr. and
Mrs John F. Merrill, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph D.
Crockett, Hon. Jacob H. NetT. iron. Louis F.
j Tlyington. Mr. and Mrs. Lloyd Tevis, Mr. and
Mrs Louis 51..-S. Dr. and Mrs. R. Beverly Ho
; Monlgal, Mr. and Mrs. James Shea. Mr. and
Mrs C Niebaum. Mr. nnd Mrs. Claus Spreck
els, Mr. ami Mr«. William Alford. Mr. and
Mrs. S. (J. Murphy. General and Mrs. War-
Beld, Colonel and Mrs. W. R. Smedb?rg\ Colonel
and Mr. .1 C. Kirkpatrick. Colonel and Mrs.
.1 i. Currier. Colonel and Mrs. E. A. De
; nlcke. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Bundschu.
The reception committee will have
badges and will lend their presence to
the occasion. A special committee, con
sisting of A. A. Watkins. Lieutenant Rob
erts and C. B. Hobson. was appointed
to meet Lieutenant Hobson on the other
side of the bay.
After the reception. Lieutenant Hobson
will be the guest of the Friday Night
Club at Native Sons' Hall, where a spe
cial supper will be served in his honor.
Son Accuses Father.
Lee A. Clayburgh, a dealer In hides and
leather at 49 Clay street, has sued his
father. Albert Clayburgh, to recover $17.
000 damages and for the appointment of
a receiver. The son accuses the father of
having fraudulently deprived him of the
business at the address named through in»
fluencing him to sign a paper which lie
thought was a power of attorney, but
whicli in reality was a bill of sale. Hence
thr suit.
Bret Harte has one of his old-time
Christmas stories in next Sunday's
Call. Bead it
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sxsxsx^ixsyi)®®®®?)®®®®
IF you have been holding back, waiting for something to turn up that would prove beneficial to you, you have proven yourself
a wise person, for that something good occurs to-day. We have determined to hold our January Sweep Sale in our Men's
Suit and Overcoat Department today instead of January, as is our usual custom.
Our holiday season has been successful, highly so, and our Men's Clothes are so far=famed throughout the Coast that
need we prate about their goodness?
Only this— it's going to take the smallest amount that you have ever dreamed of to dress you up for Christmas, and you
know everything we say in print is done exactly at the store.
The swellest of Suits for the fashionable dresser, the most fashionable of Overcoats for the most genteel dresser at
January Sweep=Sale prices, beginning this very morning.
Prices That Cut Short
All Argument.
Special One will consist of some of the very prettiest of Top
/V: *s?\ Coats in the Tan covert cloths—
- ■'x^-^-~ : ' i %3& sightly garments, excellently
(^i^J^^j tailored.
C~\ r -'wffi&zzzt^'f''? I* 1 Special One you will find
Tp^^-f I *^! *s£J(s-f some of the prettiest Blue Che-
jr -*4j3m - S w^L^7* viot Suits, brown mixtures, gray
/r-^W>£^ J£gl | j^vW^L mixtures and a very liberal as-
/\ Wfnj/^jTA sortment of choice, fashionable,
/ ) iH t XlfX If I \ up-to-date Suits and Overcoats
~ ' ! ~~ '
Special Two will contain a lot of the very prettiest English
Kersey Overcoats, in black, blue and brown.
Some very handsome full winter weight Tan Covert Cloths,
handsomely tailored garments, and in conjunction with these
Overcoats we offer you, a beautiful selection of fine Cheviot Suits
for men in the single and double breasted Sac/c, in blues, blacks,
as also mixtures. /"""*\
These good Suits, £&?*%•'
These good Overcoats, "CX \*f
Beginning this very morning, »fW **JMp^*
Doing All That We Promise in Print Has Won for Us the People's Confidence.
a
■ : - ■ . - ■.. - . ■ . s ■■' ■ ■ ' ■ * ' ■ • - ■ '
■^ — . — — — , 1 — — . 1 — ■
Open To=night Till 10. ♦ Open Saturday Night Till 11.
Here's Where Golden Apples Drop Into Your Laps.
Pricp flip
Special Three affords you wide scope and allows
you the selection from some of the handsomest tailor-
made garments in both Suits and Overcoats that it's
ever been your good fortune to get at bargain prices.
In fact you just revel among swell Overcoats.
Blues, blacks, tans, browns, all dressy goods— goods
that double the money won't find their like in other
stores. That's Special Three in Men's Overcoats.
Now, Special Three in Men's Suits gives you a
selection from some very handsome English Worsteds
in cutaways ; complete suit alike or trousers different.
Then those handsome Blue Serges in single or
double breasted sacks— all high-class goods— as also
some very handsome mixed colorings.
A selection of the very
prettiest and swellest of
Men's Suits.
x3^<&££2^. A. selection of the most
/ /?^ r\ ieSf^ciU fashionable of Men's Over-
ds* Wv •' of'^%^ coats, all marked at one
ik w uniform price to-day and
W Pllftm. \\ \ that is
It wt iri h- i\i\
That picture on the side calls your atten-
tion to three very late arrivals for our Men's
Overcoat holiday trade ; for our Men's Suit
holiday trade.
The Suit that we picture in the double-
breasted Sack is in that high- class English
storm serge, in that light shade of blue, satin-
faced— just as swell as anything can pos-
sibly be. r
The Overcoat is in that highly fashionable
herring-bone weave, which is the latest in
Top Coats.
If you find garments like these elsewhere
at double the money we quote for 'em, why,
you're in great luck.
We just mention these two garments, but
there's dozens of others. Some handsome
Suits satin-lined throughout. You're pick of
any of 'em at
34
NEW STORIES OF THE WAR
NOW OFFICIALLY TOLD
MILES' PLANS FOR
THE CUBAN CAMPAIGN
WERE NOT APPROVED
Adjutant General Corbin Gives
Interesting Testimony Before
the War Investigators.
WASHINGTON, Dee. 22.— Adjutant
General Corbin was the first witness
before the "War Investigating Commis
sion to-day and was rigidly questioned
regarding the b< lection of Camp Alger.
Va. He testified that the removal of
Camp Alger was dictated by the Secre
tary of War himself, and that its origi
nal establishment was recommended
by Captain Seaburn, of General Miles'
staff. Jit (General Corbin) had said at
the time it could not be a good
camp ground because there was not
sufficient range for rifle practice. He
had underst iod from the Secretary of
War that General Miles had something:
with its selection. He was not
certain of Captain Seasburn's exact
status, but ho had understood Captain
Beaburn had been sent by General
Miles to make the inspection of the
camp site.
"Did Genera] Miles protest or do any
thing against the selection of the
camp?"
"Not to my knowledge," was the an
iwer.
General Corbin added that he did not
know the reason for the discontinuance
of the camp. Questioned aa to Camp
Wlkoff, General Corbin said that the
troops and horses that arrived there
about August 8 were those left be
hind in the South from the expeditions
to Santiago and Porto Kico, and that
the transportation of these had not. aa
far us he knew, ltd to railroad con
gestion or interfered in any way with
the carriage of supplies for the txi
subsequently arriving. He denied that
the contract with the Long Island Kail
road cave it exclusive control, ai.d said
the only restriction made in that ar
rangement was the sensible one of pro
hibiting excursion steamers landing at
t lit- camp. He Baid one reason for its
B< lection was the excellent facilities for
water transportation. He said the
camp at Tampa was never designed for
anything but a point of embarkation
and stated that the first complaints he
had hear d from Camp Thomas, Chicka
mauga, were in the press.
General Dodge asked if daily reports
were received as to equipments and
supplies by telegraph from the various
commands.
General Corbin — Yes, sir; and as fast
as they were received by me a copy of
each was sent the same day to the
heads erf the department concerned,
t tften the Secretary himself indorsed
them with the order to hurry along the
things needed. Very frequently the
Secretary would call for the official and
discuss with him the best way of at
tending to the matter. 1 want to say
that all deficiencies reported were due
to the lack of the existence of those
articles. From these daily reports we
not tmly knew what had been received,
but also the number of uniforms,
ps, etc., issued, and to whom,
every day.
General Corbin then volunteered to
ly the commission with any rec
ords in his office. At any time he would
be pleased to furnish everything de
tsired.
Colonel Denby — What are the duties
of the inspector general?
General Corbin — It should be, in time
of war as well us in peace, to Inspect
tiio cam i>s of soldiers and report their
condition.
< lolonel Denby — Are the duties of his
subordinates the same?
I.< neral Corbin — Yes, sir. Their re
ports are fnrwarded to the adjutant
ral, who transmits them to the
Secretary of War for his information.
Colonel Denby— How dues k happen,
then, that the conditions at Chicka
mauga were not reported by the in
spector general?
General Corbin — I have not seen any
report of inspectors at Chickamauga.
They were sent to the commanding
general there. It was his duty to rem
edy the defects pointed out.
Colonel Denby — We are in a very
difficult posit inn. General Corbin.
General Corbin— Tve occupied one
myself for some time. It is nut a new
thing for me.
Colonel Denby — There has been talk
that the efficiency of the inspector gen
i ral'a office was not kept up. What do
you think about that?
General Corbin — I think that Is
largely an error. There was no inter
ference.
Asked when he first seriously appre
hended that there would be hostilities,
General Corbin said he might say he
did not seriously contemplate war until
It was a fact, for he had hoped to the
last moment that it would be averted.
(>n April 10 the army, for one of Its size,
was well equipped and thoroughly sup
plied. He said that, prior to the war,
thTe had been no complaints of refrig
erated or canned beef, and that they
were used by the armies of the world
nnd in commerce. It was no new ex
periment.
"Seriously speaking," said General
Cnrbin, "I do not think the War De
partment contemplated war until it was
red by Congress and appropria
tions were available. Of course, the pos
sibilities were thought of, but there
wore no general preparations, except so
f.tr as the department was able to meet
the possibilties that confronted it."
Colonel Denby, who conducted the ex
amination, here suggested to General
Corbin that he observed the latter was
cautious and reticent and added:
•It is not our object to criticize strat
egy. That is not our business. The
strategy of war may have been right
and may have been wrong. But our ob
ject is to determine whether the War
IVpartment arted efficiently."
• Joneral Corbin said that when Gon
eral Shafter's expedition started it took
all the transports it was possible to ob
tain. The supply was not equal to the
demand. It had been planned to carry
about 25.000 troops at that time, instead
of the 17,000 taken. He referred to the
letter of General ..liles, dated June 24.
laying out the plan of campaign of the
war, and said it was not approved.
"Do you know anything about fJen
eral Miles' dispatch of June 24, I
think, a letter to the Secretary of War,
in which he purposes to have the army
march clean through Cuba and take
s<\ooo prisoners and work them and
treat them kindly?" General Corbin
was asked.
"Yes, sir," was the answer; "that let
ter was received and did not receive
the approval of the Secretary of War."
"You say the proposition made by
General liles to carry on the campaign
!in the manner which he indicated In
that letter was disapproved?"
"It was not approved," replied Gen
! eral Corbin.
"I would like to ask you whether or
not the plan o_' campaign against San
tiago was recommended by General
Miles?"
"I do not think the recommendations
made in that letter of May 27 were
approved," was the answer.
SUGAR LANDS WILL
BE WELL IRRIGATED
Important Eights Secured by the
Spreckels Company for Controll-
ing a Water Supply.
SALINAS, Dec. 22.— An agreement was
! filed this afternoon in the Recorder's of
| flee by which the San Lorenzo Water
Company agrees to furnish the Spreckels
! Sugar Company at Kings City all the
water the former can control from San
j Lorenzo Creek and other sources for pur
poses of irrigation of lands belonging to
i the sugar company. A free right of wa"
I for water canals and ditches is ohtained.
This will prevent the failure of crops dur
' ing any dry year.
SUISUN, Dec. 22— H. G. Raaf, a-ent for
: the California Beet Sugar Refining Com
pany, has been in northern Bolano Coun
ty renting lands and entering into agree
ments with farmers to plant sugar beets
during the coming season. In Dixon and
vicinity 11.000 acres of land will be devoted
to beet culture, and it is expected a eon
i siderable acreage in Yolo County will also
I be set apart for the same purpose.
LAST JOINT MEETING OF
EVACUATION COMMISSIONERS
General Clous Delivers a Memo-an
dum of Where Spanish Troops
May Be Stationed.
HAVANA, Dec. 22.-The last formal
joint meeting of the United States and
Spanish Evacuation Commissioners will
be held to-morrow. If, after that, any
new questions arise they will be settled
by Individual interviews or correspond
ence.
Brigadier General Clous to-day delivered
the memorandum agreement regarding
the places where Spanish troops are to
be stationed after January 1. It will be
discussed at to-morrow's meeting.
El Vedado, the suburb of Havana
where is situated the Hotel Trocha, which
has been the headquarters of the United
States Commissioners, will be evacuated
to-morrow, when the seacoast forts will
be occupied by the United States troops.
It is the custom of Havana folk to cel
ebrate Christmas eve by street dancing
and firing crackers. To-morrow Captain
General Castellanos will issue a bando
forbidding the gathering of crowds, in
order to avoid any possible disorders.
NORTH AND SOUTH
MEET TO BANQUET
Forefathers' Day Celebrated With
Due Pomp by the New England
Society of South Carolina.
CHARLESTON, S. C, Dec. 22.— The sev
ty-ninth annual banquet of the New Eng
land Society was given at the Charleston
Hotel here to-night. The leading speak
ers of the evening were Senator George
F. Hoar of Massachusetts, who respond
ed to "Forefathers' Day;" Senator John
L. McLaurin of South Carolina, who re
sponded to "Our Country;" and the Hon.
Joseph B. Cummings of Georgia, who re
sponded to "The Mayflower."
The banquet was an elaborate and bril
liant function and there were seated at
the tables one hundred guests. Senator
Hoar's address was largely of a histori
cal nature and touched but lightly upon
the issues of the present day.
Messrs. McLaurin and Cummings, how
ever, took occasion to declare In more
or less pronounced terms against the the
ory of expansion.
QUARRELED ABOUT THE
SENATORIAL SITUATION
Henry P. Woods Strikes at R. S.
Alexander and Smashes Dr.
Crooks' Silk Tile.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 22.-R. S. Alexan
der, a San Francisco merchant, and
Henry P. Woods, a real estate agent, got
into an altercation regarding the Sena
torial fight -while on the steamer Tiburon
en route for this city last evening, which
resulted in Woods, who is almost blind
trying to strike Alexander with a cane'
He missed the mark, but landed heavily
on the tile of Dr. J. J. Crooks.
Alexander seemed to favor D. M Burns
and was called a "tool of Burns and the
railroad" by Woodß. He retorted that
\\oods was a "blind old fool," whereupon
the cane descended upon Dr. Crooks' shlnv
head gear. Friends of both parties in
tervened and stopped further argunjent.
STRONGLY OPPOSE THE
DISSOLUTION OF CORTES
Liberal Leaders Think It Imprudent
to Plunge Spain Into an
Electoral Agitation.
LONDON, Dec. 23.-The Madrid corre
spondent of the Standard says: Most of
the Liberal leaders whom Senor Sagasta
has consulted strongly opposed a dissolu
tion of the Cortes, on the ground that it
would be imprudent to plunge the country
in an electoral agitation under exlstink
conditions. °
Senor Montero Rios and others urge
that every effort be made to reunite the
Liberal party. Apparently Senor Ga
mazo's party of dissidents Is rclentine
and there are better hopes of a full recon
ciliation.
TWO EARTHQUAKE SHOCKS.
The Second Makes Things Lively in
the Vicinity of Port Angeles.
PORT ANGELES, Wash.. Dec. 22.— This
section was visited by an earthquake this
afternoon. The first shock came at 10
minutes past 6. It was hardly percepti
ble. The second followed ten seconds
later, and It was a hummer. The sensa
tion is best described by those inside
buildings feeling as though a heavy body
had been thrown against the structure
The motion seemed to travel from north
to south. The second shock was very
distinct, causing lamps to sway and
crockery to rattle.
Bret Harte has one of his old-time
Christmas stories in next Sunday's
Call. Bead it.
THE SAN FEAN CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1898.
FIERCE FIGHTING OF
THE ROUGH RIDERS
BEFORE SANTIAGO
Colonel Roosevelt Tells of the
Bravery of His Men and the
Hardships Endured.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 22.— The War
Department to-day made public two
reports of Colonel Roosevelt on the
fights of the First United States Cav
alry Volunteers (Rough Riders) in front
of Santiago. One is addressed to
Colonel Wood, commanding, and the !
second is to Brigadier General Wood,
after Colonel Roosevelt took command j
of the regiment. The War Department
has hitherto refused to make these re
ports public. The seco-nd and more im
portant report is as follows:
(AMI' HAMILTON, near Santiago de
Cuba, July 20, lsyfc.— Brigadier Genera
Leonard Wood, Commanding Second Bri
gade, Cavalry Division— Sir: In obedlenc
to your directions 1 herewith report o
the operations of my regiment from th
Ist to the 17th inst., inclusive:
As I have already mad« you two report
about the first day's operations 1 shal
puss them over rather briefly. On th
morning oi the firei day my regiment wa
formed at the head of a second brigad
by the El Poso sugar mill. When the
batteries opened the Spaniards replied to
us with shrapnel, which killed and
wounded several men of my regiment We
then marched toward the ngnt and my i
regiment crossed the ford betore the bal
loon came down and attracted the fire of
the enemy, so at that point we lost no
one. My orders had been to march for
ward until I joined General L,awton's left
wing, but alter going about three-quar
ters of a mile I was halted and told to
remain in reserve near the creek by a
deep lake. The bullets dropped thick
among us for the next hour while we lay
there, and many of my men were killed
And wounded, among the j.ormer being
Captain O'Neil, whose loss was a very
heavy blow to the regiment, for he was
a singularly gallant und efficient officer.
Acting Lieutenant Haskell was also sho
at this time. He showed the utmost cour
id had been of great use during the
fighting and marching. It seemeu to m
some action should be taken about him
You then sent me word to move forwan
in support of the regular cavalry, and
advanced the right in column of com
panles, each company deployed as skir
mishers.
We moved through several skirmish
lines of the regiment ahead of us, as i
seemed to me our only chance was in
rushing the entrenchments in front In
stead of firing at them from a distance
Accordingly we charged the blockhouse
and entrenchments on the hill to ou
right against a heavy fire. It was taken
in good style, the men of my regimen
thus being the first to capture any forti
fied position and to break through the
Spanish line. The guidons of C and F
troops were first at this point, but some
of the men of A and B troops who were
with me personally got in ahead of them
At the last wire fence up this hill 1 was
obliged to abandon my horse and after
that went on foot. After capturing this
hill we, first of all, directed a heavy fire
upon the San Juan hill to our left, whicl
was at the time being assailed by the
ngular infantry and cavalry, supported
by Captain Parker's Gatling guns. By
the time San Juan was taken a large
force had assembled on the hill we had
previously captured, consisting not only
of my own regiment, but of the Ninth
and of portions of other cavalry regi
ments. We then charged forward under
a heavy fire across the valley against the
Spanish entrenchments on the hill in the
rear of the San Juan hill. This we also
took, capturing several prisoners. We
then formed in whatever order we could
and moved forward, driving the Spanish
before us to the crest of the hills in our
front, which wf-re immediately opposite
the city of Santiago itself.
Here I received orders to halt and hold
the crest of the hill. I had at that time
fragments of the Sixth Cavalry Regiment
and an occasional infantryman under me,
three or four hundred men all told. Ah
1 was the highest there I took command
of all of them and so continued until
the next morning. The Spaniards at
tempted to make a counter attack that
afternoon, but were easily driven back,
and then until after dark, we remained
under a heavy fire from their rifles and
great guns, lying flat on our faces on a
gentle slope just behind the crest. Cap
tain Parker's Gatling battery was run
up to the right of my regiment, and did
most excellent and gallant service. In or
der to charge, the men had, of course,
been obliged to throw away their packs,
and we had nothing to sleep in and noth
ing to eat. We were lucky enough, how
ever, to find in the captured blockhouse
the Spanish dinners, still cooking, which
we ate with a relish. They consisted
chiefly of rice and peas, with a big pot
containing a stew of fresh meat—probu
bly for the officers. We ajso distributed
the captured Spanish blankets as far as
they would go among our men and gath
ered a good dial of Mauser ammunition
for use in the Colt rapid-fire gun,
which was being brought up. That night
we dug Intrenehments across our front.
At 3 o'clock in the morning the Spaniard.-:
made another attack upon us, which was
easily repelled, and at 4 o'clock they
opened the day with a heavy rifle and
shrapnel fire. All day long we remained
under this, replying whenever we got the
chance. In the evening about 8 o'clock
the Spaniards fired three guns and then
opened a heavy rifle fire, their skirmish
ers coming well forward. I got all my
men down Into the trenches, as did the
other command near me, and we opened
a heavy return fire. The Spanish advance
was at once stopped, and after an hour
their fire died away. This night we com
pleted most of our trenches and began
to build bomb-proofs. The protection af
forded to our men was good, and next
morning I had but one man wounded from
the rifle and shell fire, until 12 o'clock,
when the truce came. I do not mention
the officers and men who particularly dis
tinguished themselves, as I have nothing
to add In this respect to what was con
tained In my two former letters. There
were numerous Red Cross flags flying in
the various parts of the city, two of
them so arranged that they directly cov
ered batteries in our front, and for some
time were the cause of our not firing at
The Spanish guerrillas were very active
especially in our rear, where they seemed
by preference to attack the wounded men
who were being carried on litters, the
doctors and medical attendants with Red
<"r'<ss badges on their arms and the burial
parties. I organized a detail of sharp
shooters and sent them out after these
guerrillas, of whom they killed thirteen.
Two of the men thus killed were shot
several hours after the truce had been in
operation, because, in spite of this fact,
they kept firing on our men as they -went
to draw water. They were stationed in
-;. as the guerrillas were generally,
and owing to the density of the foliage
and to the use of smokeless powder
rifles it was an exceedingly difficult mat
ter to locate them.
For the next seven days until the 10th
we lay in our line while the truce contin
ued. W T e had to continually work at ad
ditional bomb proofs and at the trenches,
and as we had no proper supply of food
and utterly inadequate medical facilities
the men suffered a great deal. The offi
cers chipped together aand purchased
beans, tomatoes and sugar for the men
co that they might have some relief froir
the bacon and hardtack. With a greal
deal of difficulty we got them coffee. As
for the sick and wounded, they suffered
so in the hospitals when sent to the reai
for lack of food and attention that wf
found it best to keep them at the froni
and give them such care as our own doc
tors could. As I mentioned in my pre
vious letter, thirteen of our wounded men
continued to fight through the battle Ir
spite of their wounds, and of those sen!
to the rear many, both of the sick and
wounded, came up to rejoin us as soon as
tn*ir condition allowed them to walk,
most of the worst cases being ultimately
sent to the States.
On the 10th the truce was at an end
and the bombardment reopened. As far
as our lines were concerned it was on the
Spanish part very feeble. We suffered no
losses and speedily got the fire from their
trenches in our front completely silenced.
On the 11th we were moved three
quarters of a mile to the right. The truce
again being on, nothing happened here
except we continued to watch, and did
our best to get the men, especially sick,
properly fed, and having no transporta
tion and being able to get hardly any
through the regular channels, we used
anything we could, capturing Spanish
cavalry horses, abandoned mules, which
had been shot but which our men took
and cured, diminutive, skinny ponies, pur
chased from the Cubans, etc. By this
means and by the exertions of the offi
cers we were able from time to time to
get supplies of beans, sugar, tomatoes and
even oatmeal, while from the Red Cross
people we got our invaluable load of rice,
(.•ornmeal, etc., all of this being of the ut
most consequence, not only for the sick,
but also for the nominally well, as
the lack of proper food was telling
terribly on the men. It was ut
terly impossible to get them clothes and
shoes, those they had being in many cases
literally dropping to pieces. On the 17th
the city surrendered.
On the 18th we shifted camp here, the
best camp we have had, but the march
hither under the noonday sun told very
heavily on our men, weakened by under
feeding and overwork, and the next
morning 123 cases were reported to the
doctor, and I now have but half of the
600 men with which I landed four weeks
ago fit for duty. As we had but one
wagon the change necessitated leaving
much of my stuff behind, with a night o
discomfort, with scanty shelter and
scanty food for the most of the officers
and many of the men. Only the possessioi
of the improvised pack train alluded to
above saved us from being worse. Yes
terday I sent in a detail of six men and
officers to see if they could not purchase
or make arrangements for a supply of
proper food, clothing, etc., for the men
even if we had to pay for it out of our
own pockets. Our suffering has been due
primarily to lack of transportation and
proper food or sufficient clothing and of
medical supplies. We should now have
wagon sheets for tentage. Very respect
fully, THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
The first report is dated "Trenches
Outside of Santiago," July 4, and telis
of the men who were killed or wounded
and how the Spaniards were finally
driven over the brow of the hills front
ing on Santiago. The report concludes
as follows:
By this time the regiments were much
mixed and we were under a very heavy
fire, both of shrapnel and from rifles,
from the batteries, entrenchments and
forts immediately in front of the city.
On the extreme front I now found my
self in command, with fragments of the
six cavalry regiments and the two bat
teries under me. The Spaniards made
"me or two efforts to retake the line, but
were promptly driven back. Both Gen
fral Sumner and you sent me word to
hold the line at all hazards, and that
night we dug a line of entrenchments
icross our front, using the capturec
■>panish entrenchment tools. "We had
nothing to eat except what we captured
from the Spaniards; but their dinners
iiad fortunately been cooked and we ate
them with relish, having been fighting
ill day. We had no blankets or coats
md lay by the trenches all night. The
Spaniards attacked us once in the night
md at dawn they opened a heavy ar
tillery and rifle fire. Very great assist
ance was rendered us by Lieutenant Par
ser's Gatling battery at critical moments.
He fought his guns at the extreme front
if the firing line in a way that repeated
y called forth the cheers of my men. One
if the Spanish batteries which was used
igainst us was directly in front of thr>
lOspltal, BO that the Red Cross flag flew
n - er the battery, saving it from our fire
for a considerable period. The Spanish
Mauser bullets made clean wounds, but
they also used a copper jacketed or
irass jacketed bullet which exploded,
nuking very bad wounds indeed.
We went into the fight about 490 strong.
Eighty-six were killed or wounded, and
there are half a dozen missing. The
?reat heat prostrated nearly forty men.
some of them among the best in the regi
ment. Besides Captain O'Neill and Lieu
tenant Haskell, Lieutenants Leahy, De
k-ereaux and Case were wounded. All
behaved with great gallantry. As for
L'aptain O'Neill, his loss is one of the
Everest that could have befallen the regi
nent. Ho' was a man of cool head, great
sxecutive ability and literally dauntless
:ourage.
The guerrillas in trees not only fired at
lur troops, but seemed to devote them
selves especially to shooting at the sur
geons, the hospital assistants with Red
Z^ross bandages on their arms, the wound
ed who were being carried in litters and
:he burying parties. Many of these guer
•illas were dresspd in green uniforms. We
sent out a detail of sharpshooters among
those in our rear, also along the line
ivhere they had been shooting the wound
>d. and killed thirteen.
To attempt to give a list of the men
who showed signal valor would necessi
tate sending in an almost complete roster
Df the regiment. Many of the cases
which I mention stand merely as exam
ples of the rest, not as exceptions.
DECIDES TO HAND IN
THE SECRET DOSSIER
Court of Cassation to Have the Evi
dence Demanded in the Dreyfus
Case.
LONDON, De. 23.— The Paris corre
spondent of the Daily Mall s: The Gov
ernment has decided to hand the Drey
fus seciet dossier to the Court of Cassa
tion. It will also be communicated to
Madame Dreyfus and to M. Ornard, the
counsel for Dreyfus.
TOULOUSE , France, Dec. 22.— Serious
street disorders occurred here this even
ing between the promoters of pro-Dreyfus
and anti-Dreyfus meetings. Several per
sons were seriously injured and the win
dows of a number of Jewish shops were
smashed.
Was a Noted Literary Character.
DETROIT, Mich., Dec. 22.— Andrew
Wanless, a well-known literary character
of Detroit and poet and prose writer of
no mean ability, died at his residence
here to-day from pneumonia. For many
years Mr. Wanless had conducted a sec
ond-hand book store that was a resort
for local literary men. He possessed a
magnificent library of about 22,000 vol
umes, comprising some of the very rare
old books and manuscripts. Scotland saw
Mr. Wanless born in 1824, he removing
to this country in 1851. eventually settling
here in IS6O. _'
Killed by a Falling Tree.
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 22.— Word was re
ceived here this afternoon of the awful
death of A. A. Fuller, near Occidental.
Fuller, with another man, was hewing
timber, when a falling tree struck an
other, breaking a big limb off, which fell
upon Fuller, crushing him to death. The
deceased leaves a widow and two chil
dren. He was a brother of C. E. Fuller,
a lumber mill owner of Occidental
EVERYTHING QUIET
IN THE ISLANDS
Otis Says Order Pre
vails at Manila.
NATIVES COMING TO TOWN
BUSINESS OF THE CITY NOW
ON THE INCREASE.
From Porto Rico General Henry
Sends Word That There Is
No Complaint of Dis
orderly Conduct.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 22.— Encourag
ing reports of the condition of affairs in
Manila and Porto Rico reached the
War Department to-day from the of
ficers commanding the troops in those
departments. The dispatches from
both General Otis at Manila and Gen
eral Henry at San Juan were in re
sponse to telegraphic inquiries by the
Secretary of War, based on reports of
a disquieting nature ■which have reach
ed the officials here. That from Gen
eral Otis was particularly gratifying
to the President and Secretary Alger.
It is as follows:
MANILA, Dec. 22.— Adjutant General,
Washington: Believe city never more
quiet. Order prevails. Native popula
tion greatly augmented in three months.
Volume of business increasing. Con
duct of troops good. Most favorably
commented on by citizens. Discipline im
proving. Disorders promptly punished,
as business of courts shows. Newspaper
articles published in United States, Hong
kong and Singapore untrue. Military rule
firm, as demanded by circumstances.
OTIS.
The dispatch from Henry is as fol
lows :
SAN JUAN DE PORTO RICO, Dec.
22. — Complaints of disorderly conduct un
known here. If specific charges can be
sent investigation and if necessary pun
ishment will follow. Subordinate com
manders have been apprised of your tele
gram. HENRY.
SUSPENDED FOR SIX MONTHS.
Findings in the Court-lCartial of
Naval Constructor Hancom.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 22.— The Secretary
of the Navy to-day mode public the find
ings of the court martial in the case of
Naval Constructor John F. Hanscom, in
charge of the construction department at
League Island. He was. charged with va
rious offenses in connection with over
payment of the men employed pt the
navy yard there. The court "martial ac
quitted the accused officer of three of the
charges, namely, preparing a fraudulent
voucher, inefficiency and maKing false re
ports; but convicted him of violating a
lawful regulation in failing to r"eport
fraudulent entries in time books. He was
sentenced to suspension from duty foi
six months on waiting orders. The Sec
retary of the Navy has not yet approved
the sentence.
Of Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 22.— Letter
Carrier Samuel F. Stevens has been
transferred from Cincinnati to San Fran
cisco. Edward A. Lavin, a carrier at
San Diego, has been promoted to the sec
ond class.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California — Reissue: James J. Stewart,
San Jose, $12. Original widow— Ellen Sull
ivan, Sacramento, $8. Mexican War sur
vivors—Reissue and increase: David ft art
Gold, $8 to $12.
Oregon— Original: J-ohn B. Withrow,
Roseburg, $12. Reissue and increase-
Henry P. Conyers, Denmark, $8 to $10.
Wsishington— Original: Walter Hunter,
Soldiers' Home, Pierce, $6. Original
widows— Special December 14, Jane D
Keith, Puyallup, $8.
The chief of engineers of the War De
partment has recommended an appropria
tion of $70,000 for this year's work on the
improvements of Port Harford, San Luis
Obispo County, California. Senator Per
kins says he will endeavor to have this
appropriation doubled to extend over two
years. An appropration of $110,000 would
probably be ample for the completion of
this work.
Racing at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 22.— Track slow;
weather fine. Results:
One mile— Great Rend won, Patroon second
Eva Rice third. Time. 1:46%.
Seven furlongs — Queen of Song won, "Weller
second, Pell Mell third. Time. 1:34.
One and an eighth miles, selling— Babe
Fields won, Lakeview Palace second. Jim
Flood third. Time, 2:05.
One and an eighth miles, selling— Clay
Pointer won, Marlti second, Double Dummy
third. Time. 1:EM(.
Six furlongs— Piggs won, Debrlde second,
Dave S third. Time, 1:17%.
Selling Sugar to Retailers.
CHICAGO, Dec. 22.— Arbuckle Bros, of
Chicago have to-day begun selling sugar
direct to retailers, Ignoring the jobbing
trade here. Sales to retailers were made
to-day at 5.20 cents per pound for stand
ard fine granulated, which was % cent
under the trust price.
When Hitchcock Will Succeed Bliss.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 22. — Secretary
Bliss stated to-day that Mr. Hitchcock,
his successor in the Cabinet, would sail
for this country on January 6 and that
the change of office would take place just
prior to February 1.
STARS AND STRIPES
STILL FLY IN VIEW
OF ALL HAVANESE
Russell Harrison Will Not Take
• Down His Colors at the Or
der of Fitzhugh Lee.
HAVANA, Dec. 22.— Major Russell Harrison, the provost mar
shal, who on Tuesday raised the Stars and Stripes over Fort Atares
without orders, and In contravention of the promise of the United
States Evacuation Commissioners, that no American flags should be
raised in Havana or its suburbs until January 1, was to-day formally
reprimanded by Major General Lee and was instructed to lower the
flag. Lieutenant Lee reported a few hours later to headquarters that
the flag had been lowered.
Nevertheless, at the hour of filing this dispatch (4:30 p. m.) It Is
still flying on a tall staff over the famous fort, plainly visible from
the harbor and city.
Major General Lee, having received a cable dispatch from Gen
eral Alger saying that the Secretary of War understood that there
were thousands of persons starving In Havana, and directing him to
feed them "without delay." immediately ordered Lieutenant Colonel
Wood to distribute rations and to make systematic efforts to feed
the helpless, carefully avoiding waste. There are hundreds in Ha
vana to-day who, though not actually starving, are in a deplorable
state of weakness and disease, the effects of the cruel concentration
policy.
NO MORE SOLDIERS
TO BE SET FREE
The Balance of the California
Regiment Will Be Sent Home
in a Body.
Call Office, Rlggs House, Washington, Dec. 22.
In conversation with a California member of Congress to-day
Secretary Alger said the department would first recall the 25,000 sol
diers who are in volunteer regiments, and after this the volunteers in
the regular army will be mustered out. He said a special effort
would be made to favor those who have been longest on duty in Ma
nila.
Senator Perkins, who has received a great number of urgent let
ters and telegrams requesting the discharge of individual members
of the First California Regiment at Manila, was told by Secretary
Alger that the department must decline to grant any mor« discharges
on personal account, but he hoped to have all the volunteers mus
tered out within ninety days. He said the California Regiment at
Manila would be immediately relieved when the regular troops, which
are to leave New York on or about January 15, reached their desti
nation.
This ought to bring the California Regiment into San Francisco
about the last of March.
CLEANLINESS DUE
TO USE OF LASH
How Santiago's Condi
tion Improved.
STREETS NO LONGER SEWERS
BOBEBT P. POBTEB BEPOBTS
ON CONDITIONS IN CUBA.
Advocates a Suitable System of In
ternal and Local Taxes
for Improving the
Islands.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 22.— Robert P.
Porter, special commissioner for the
United States to Cuba and Porto Rico,
has returned from Santiago and has
submitted his report to the Secretary
of the Treasury. While in Porto Rico
Mr. Porter held public hearings and all
persons interested in the welfare of the
island were invited to submit state
ments and give oral testimony. The
Chamber of Commerce, representing the
commercial and industrial interests of
the province, responded. The machinery
of the military government, Mr. Porter
says, is running with a fair degree 01
smoothness and the men responsible for
it understand their business thoroughly.
In Santiago the streets are no longer
used as sewers and the unhappy indi
vidual who violates the law and escapes
the lash of the sanitary commissioner's
whip is compelled to work on the streets
for thirty days. This official, Major
Barbour, with 126 men dressed in spot
less white and thirty-two good United
States mule teams and carts, having
dug from the streets of Santiago the
filth of ages, is now able to keep tnem
absolutely clean. Every day, by the
aid of petroleum, the garbage of tht.
city is burned. The work of sanitation
is not confined to the streets, but ex
tends to the dwelling houses, shops ana
buildings of all kinds.
To accomplish this, however, the
doors of houses had to be smashed in
and people making sewers of the
thoroughfares were publicly horse
whipped in the streets. Eminently re
spectable citizens were forcibly brought
before the commanding general and
sentenced to aid in cleaning the streets
they were in the habit of defiling. The
campaign has ended in a complete sur
render to the sanitary authorities and
the inhabitants of Santiago, regardless
of class, have had their first object les
son in the new order of things in
augurated by the war. Several im
portant streets have been repaved; all
the public buildings have been
thoroughly cleaned, the work even ex
tending to the opera-house. The law
courts, »vhich were abolished when
General Shatter took the city, have
been reorganized.
In the same manner local government
has been restored and native Mayors
and city officials appointed, the only
requirement being that persons ac
cepting such offices shall take the oath
recognizing the military occupation of
the island by the United States, but in
no way committing them to any future
form of government.
The Spanish, when in possession of
Cuba, not only assumed control of tha
judiciary, but of the municipal govern
ment. The larger portion of the taxes
raised for municipal purposes were di
verted with the other revenues in
channels which, says the report, either
led to Spain or into Spanish pockets.
Mr. Porter advises that their taxes
hereafter must be used for local pur
poses, and as far as may be deemed
practicable that they be collected and,
disbursed by properly constituted local
authorities. The rural districts of San
tiago- have been so depleted that it will
be impossible to collect taxes over and
above those needed for the bare neces
sities of schools, for the poor and prob
ably small sums to improve sanitary
conditions. The dawn c/f prosperity,
however, should be the signal for in
augurating systematic work on country
roads. The money expended on roads,
whether from the general funds of the
island or from the local budgets, would
come back a hundredfold, it is stated,
and make Santiago one of the richest
sugar, coffee and fruit growing dis
tricts in the West Indies. Bananas can
be grown at a profit, and as they take
only fourteen months to grow, unlike
coffee and oranges, the poorer classes
could undertake their cultivation to
their great advantage.
The internal, industrial, professional,
licensing and other miscellaneous taxes
have so far been remitted in this part
of Cuba, but the authorities are now
preparing to enforce them. Now that
the customs tariff has been disposed
of Mr. Porter recommends that an im
mediate scheme be prepared for the
levying and collecting of internal reve
nue for the entire island. The ques
tion of separating these taxes from
purely municipal taxes should also be
considered.
The large amount of delinquents dur
ing the last three years, which have
amounted to about $6,000,000, was of
course, due to war. In normal times
there is $4,000,000 or $5,000,000 of reve
nue that must not be overlooked, reve
nue which, if properly and economically
employed, would aid in the industrial
rehabilitation of Cuba. Some of the
more onerous exactions, however
should be abolished.
Mr. Porter speaks In high praise of
the administrative ability of General
Wood the' military governor at Santi
ago, as shown in his admirable man
agement of the affairs of the province.
DRAWING OF THE DOGS.
Good Coursing Promised for the
Christmas Meet at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 22.-The drawing
for the Christmas coursing: meet took
place to-night. The San Francisco
entries, twelve in number, were very
lucky, none drawing together. There was
much enthusiasm, and the announcement
that John Grace would judge with James
Grace as slipper was received with ap
plause. The result of the drawing is as
follows:
Hattle vs. Lady in Black, Snug vb. Las
sie Hays, His Freedom vs. ABC, Fleet
wings vs. Rex, Midnight vs. Daisy Ham
burg, Lady Agmes vs. Kitty Scott, Occi
dental vs. Little Cripple, Hadiwiat vs
Tip Stedman, Orpheum Lass vs. Max's
Melody, Van Brulle vs. Reliable, B B and
B vs. Queen Keep, Nashville vs. Domino,
Lillie vs. Lady Washington. Glen Rosa
vs. Hardshell, Lady Herschel vs. Wing
foot, Happy Maid vs. Premier, Gladiator
vs. Torpedo, Reliance vs. Las Tunas, Re
venge vs. Get There, The Ghost vs. Clover
Leaf, Lady Wallace vs. Emerald, Duty vs.
Doncaster, Ormonde vs. Mountain Bell,
Master Jack vs. Enterprise, Lightfoot vs.
Bum, Rosewood vs. Alice, Rest Assured
vs. Fleetwood, Fair Rosaline vs. Mollie
Bawn, Uncle Sam vs. Lady Napoleon, Bo
Peep vs. Jean Valjean, White Diamond
vs. "Van Trail©, Innocent Daisy vs. SDrte
o' the Hill.
Cambon Goes to Germany.
PARIS, Dec. 22.— M. Jules Cambon,
French Embassadnr to the United States,
will probably be transferred to Berlin.
IS TOUR BIRTHRIGHT. IT IS A OITT
from nature. If you have lost or dissipated
or frittered away the best portion of your
young life, now is the time to make an effort
to regain what is lost. The feeble and th« pre-
mature are those who have disobeyed the laws
of man and the laws of science. Now comet
man with a knowledge of BCience, a deep and
widespread knowledge, and he says: Be a
man. Get back your strength and vigor. How?
say you. The answer is: Use the remedy
treatment. HI'DYAN.
HI'DYAN can be had only from the doctors
of the Hudson Medical Institute. It Is a
treatment. No one else knows the secret.
HITDYAN restores man to the glorious prims
and vl*or of his true self. HTJDYAN Is a
scientific treatment for nervous disorders.
HVDYAN cures Varicocele, Hydrocele. Sper-
matorrhoea, Nervousness. Sleeplessness. You
should consult the Hudson doctors about HUD-
TAN or write for Circulars and Testimonial*.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts.,
BAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
BLOOD POISON
BLOOD POISON
BLOOD POISON
BLOOD POISON
Soon tells its own talt
on your face and
limbs. You will hay«
gore patches in th»
throat, copper-colored
npots, »tc. When In
the first, secondary or
tertiary form a
speedy cure 1b effected
by the Thirty-Day
Blood Cure. Write for
Thirty-Day Circular*,
Consult Hudson Medical Doctors Free.DRY WEATHER CAUSES
A LAKE TO DISAPPEAR
BEAR VALLEY
RESERVOIR
NOW EMPTY
Big Water Supply Has
Evaporated.
MAY TAKE YEARS TO REFILL
LARGE TERRITORY DEPENDED
UPON IT FOR WATER.
In Addition to the Disastrous Effect
of the Shortage There Is a
Serious Question of Health
Involved.
Ppeclal Dispatch to Th« Call.
SAN BERNARDINO. Dec. 22.— The
6uccessive seasons of dry weather ex
perienced in the San Bernardino Val
ley have at last caused the entire evap
oration of the water in the great Bear
Valley reservoir, which supplies the
majority of water used in Redlands and
the Alessandro region.
For four years past the waters have
been gradually receding. The dam was
constructed by F. E. Brown in the
early nineties, is seventy feet deep and
ordinarily Impounds the water back for
a distance .of six miles. In excessively
wet years it extends as far back as
nine miles. The lake is fed by the
Cienegas in its bottom and by Grant
and Vanduesan creeks, but now both
these are dry. This is the first time
such a thing has ever occurred, and the
effect on the localities dependent upun
it and also the length of time that it
takes to refill will be anxiously noted.
Superintendent Glass of the Bear
Valley Reservoir Company estimates
that It will require three years of aver
age rainfall to refill it and the outlook
for this present winter is far below
normal. Redlands will ncrt suffer ir
reparable damage, as part of its do
mestic supply comes from the Santa
Ana River, but the orchards are liable
to be retarded considerably, as they
have already been on short water ra
tions for a year, apprehending the
.v condition of Bear Valley.
Besides the disastrous effect of the
shortage ot water there is a serious
qutsuun ot health involved when the
lukt begins to refill. About 10,000 peo
ple use Bear Valley water for domestic
purposes uneii it is to be had. Phy
sicians claim that the t-xposure of the
botiurn ot the lake to the sun's rays
■uiJi generate disease germs, which,
when the water returns, will render it
impure. To these conditions the fact
is added that the lake contains an im
mense number of fish, many of which
have died and dried up on the bottom
ot ihe lake. The county Health Officer
wiil lake steps to prevent the dissemi
nation of disease germs as far as pos
sible. There is no doubt that the evap
oration of Bear Valley Lake is one of
the most serious effects of the water
famine in Southern California,
B(-ar Valley lies some twenty-one
miles in a straight line to the north
east of San Bernardino. It is a re
markably large and fiat mountain
basin, from 6200 to 6300 feet above the
level of the sea, and has the appear
ance of having held at one time a
lake, whose waters, at an elevation of
I^:> feet above the bottom, overflowed
at the eastern end into the head of a
canyon, which leads away into the
Colorado Desert.
The present outlet is Bear Creek,
•which flows through a deep and narrow
rock-bound gorge at the southwestern
end of the valley, and cutting around
the west end of Central Mountain
ridge, joins the canyon of the Santa
Ana River about ten miles above its
entrance into San Bernardino Valley.
At the point of departure of the
Creek from Bear Valley a dam was
begun in 1883 — completed in 1884 —
whereby the basin, which is twelve
miles long and from four hundred yards
to a mile in width, was remade into a
lake with the water at forty feet above
the base of the dam. The reservoir
has a capacity of over 312.000.000
cubic feet and at eighty feet above of
over 4,000,000,000 cubic feet. The dam
was built with granite faces, laid in
cement, is 125 feet high and cost some
$75,000.
The water shed tributary to this val
ley is from forty to fifty-five square
miles in area and is in the midst of the
heaviest downpour belt in Southern
California. The clouds collect around
and bank up against the high peaks of
San Bernardino and Grayback on the
pouth and then spread over into the
Bear Valley watershed. Holding so
great an altitude the precipitation is
largely in the form of snow, which on
the wooded and shade slopes of the
mountains lies for several months.
The amount of precipitation in Bear
Valley, while variable, is generally
large in comparison with other locali
ties in th" same section of country. In
nson of 1883-84 there fell there
an equivalent of 100 inches of rain.
Th<- Bear Valley canal leads the water
from the impounding reservoir to the
Yuruipa Reservoir, after supplying
water f<>r irrigation, whence it is taken
into the pipe distributing system of
the Redlands settlement, across the
arroyo, in which is the dam for the
reservoir, and just below the dam a
twenty-two inch iron pipe carries water
to a receiving chamber built of con
some three-fourths of a mile be
low, from which it goes by four smaller
iiifs to a part of the Redlands
colony, West lt.fllands and Terraclha.
Gladista and Mount Drew Tract and
.\iound City.
CHARLES G. MARTIN, A
CALIFORNIA PIONEER, GONE
Was Formerly Sealer of Weights
and Measures at San
Francisco.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— Charles G. Mar
tin, a California pion.-. r of 1M?(, and ior
merly staler of -weights and measures at
Ran Francisco, la <i<-a<] at his home in
Mount Vernon, N. V., aged M years.
Not Moore, the Ball Flayer.
The Henry Moore who was arrested on
"Wednesday for vagrancy v.as not Henry
Moore, the well-known ballplayer, but a
man who represented himself as such.
The real Henry Moore once played wltli
the Pioneers and Is now employed in this
city.
Christmas Magic, by Professor
Hoffman, in next Sunday's Call.
BEAR VALLEY DAM AND RESERVOIR.
CHARGES AGAINST
THE SUPERVISORS
Proceedings to Oust the
Fresno Board.
GRAND JURY ACCUSATIONS
OFFICIALS WHO ARE ACCUSED
OF MISCONDUCT IN OFFICE.
Ordered Money Paid Without the Ne
cessary Vouchers and Employed
an Attorney Who Was
Not Needed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Dec. 22.— Four accusations
against members of the Board of Su
pervisors found by the Grand Jury
were filed in the County Clerk's office
this afternoon and notice was served
on the members of the board. The ac
cusations were found by the Grand
Jury before adjournment Tuesday and
District Attorney Snow was instructed
to draw them up in legal form, which
work was finished yesterday afternoon.
The Supervisors who- are accused by
the Grand Jury are J. H. Sayre, chair
man of the board; C. W. Garrett, W.
P. Manly and M. S. Rose. The charge
is that of willful and corrupt miscon
duct in office and contains three spe
cific allegations of malfeasance. The
proceeding is not in the nature of an
indictment, although it is a quasi crim
inal action, the object being the re
moval from office of the members com
plained of.
For that reason ex-Supervisor James
A. Ward is not included with his late
colleagues, inasmuch as he does not
now hold office. Supervisors Garrett
and Rose will be out on the Ist of the
year. All the present board is charged
with misconduct in office, excepting Su
pervisor Scott, who was not a member
of the board when the matters were
transacted upon which the Grand Jury
based its charge of corrupt miscon
duct.
Two of the counts are in connection
with the purchase of road sprinklers
from the Hopkins Agricultural Works
for Supervisor Ward's and Supervisor
Garrett's districts, in which transac
tion the Grand Jury found that money
had been paid by James K. Hopkins,
and for the alleged acceptance of which
Supervisor Garrett was indicted.
The third count was the payment by
the board of $375 to Attorney C. C.
Merriam on July 31, 1895, for services
rendered to the board as special counsel
when the reconstruction of the Court
house was in progress. A singular thing
in this connection is that "Dad"
Letcher, who is a member of the pres
ent Grand Jury, was on the Board of
Supervisors at that time and it was he
who made the motion to employ Mr.
Merriam as special counsel.
Several days agu District Attorney
Snow made a demand upon the board
for authorization to bring suit against
County Treasurer Whitson for the re
covery of $375 paid to Attorney Merriam.
The board declined to give the desired
permission, which was necessary in
order to institute suit, as the Supreme
Court has held that the board has full
control over its own acts, and inas
much as the board had directed the
auditor to draw a warrant for the sum
in favor of Mr. Merriam a suit
bought by the District Attorney in tht
name of the county, hut without the au
thorization of the board, would not
stand in court.
When the board retained Mr. Morriarn
at a salary of $125 a month District
Attorney Snow brought .t mandamus
proceeding against the Auditor enjoin
ing him from drawing a warrant for
Merriam. Mr. Snow won the case in tht
Superior Court here and also in the Su
premo Court. After that the board
passed another order (the one referred
to in the accusation) directing the Au
ditor to draw .. warrant for Merriam
for the sum of $375, which was pay
ment for three months' pervice. That
payment was made without the knowl
edge of the District Attorney. The
point in reference to the accusation of
the Supervisors in connection with the
purchase of the road sprinklers is that
the money was ordered paid without
any bill, claim, account or demand hav
ln< r first been filed with the board or
with the clerk thereof. The county gov
ernment act makes it necessary fur a
verified and itemized bill to be pre
sented before any money is paid, out of
the public treasury.
The i.llng of the documents having
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1898.
for their purpose the ousting of the
Board of Supervisors caused a big sen
sation. It is the first action of the kind
ever brought here. Notice was served
upon the Supervisors to appear in court
within twelve days and answer to the
accusations.
COSTLY SWORD IS
PRESENTED TO SCHLcY
People of Pennsylvania, New Jersey
and Delaware Tionor the Vet
eran Naval Officer.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 22.— Rear Ad
miral Schley was to-night the recipient of
a handsome and costly sword, scabbard
and belt, presented to him in behalf of
the people of this city and other cities
in Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Dela
ware, who contributed to a fund estab
lished for the purpose. The ceremony
took place in the Temple Baptist Church,
and Colonel A. K. McClure presided. The
formal presentation was made by Miss
Kona MacNVall. the 15-year-old sister
of Private Harry MacNeall of the Marine
corps, who distinguished himself during
the battle of Santiago by clambering out
on the muzzle of one of the cruiser Brook
lyn's big guns during a heavy (Ire and re
moving a loaded shell which had become
fastened in the breech.
There was a large and enthusiastic au
dience present and speeches were made
by Governor Hastings and Mayor War
wick on behalf of the State and city.
Governor-elect Stone also spoke In high
terms of Admiral Schley and his achieve
ments.
The sword, scabbard and belt represent
a cost of $4200. The blade is of line
Damascus steel, appropriately engraved,
and the hilt is elaborately decorated with
diamonds and other precious stones.
JUVENILES TO PLAY
THE "FIRST BORN"
DBESS REHEARSAL AT THE AL
CAZAR THEATER.
Gaorge Osbourne Has Worked Hard
for the touccess of the Piece to
Be Performed on,
Christmas Day.
The dressing rooms In the back of the
Alcazar Theater stage presented a busy
scene last night during the regular per
formance, when the children who are to
play the "First Born" on Christmas day
were getting ready for the full dress re
hearsal after the actors of a larger
growth had finished with their piece.
George Osbourne, under whose direction
the juveniles had learned to interpret the
various characters of Francis Powers'
clever Chinese play, found a few minutes
between acts to "make up" the male
members of the cast, and after the pro
fessionals had deserted the stage it was
appropriated by the young folks.
The characters were remarkably well
sustained and a finished performance is
assured for Sunday afternoon. All dis
tinguished themselves, but particular
mention must be made of -*iss Daisy Gro
gan, -who played Looey Tslng, the slave
girl; Milton Roth as Chan Wang, Charles
M. Thall as Hop Kee, the pipe-bowl
mender, and Albert Weil, the wise physi
cian. The original impersonators— May
Buckley, Francis Powers, Harry i_»ennmo
and Geurge Osbourne— must look to their
laurels. George M. Clajton acted the
part of the rag picker to perfection.
Mr. Osbourne has devoted much of his
time and painstaking eiiort In this pro
duction and Is greatly interested in the
purpose for which it is given, namely, the
entloVing' of a bed for stage children in
the Children's Hospital. Ie is happy to
see the successful culmination of his idea.
He has been ably seconded by Charles
M. Thall, who has als j labored unceas
ingly for the worthy effort. The per
formance Sunday will be a noteworthy
one, for besides the "First Born" there
will be an olio of great merit and the :
giving of presents from a mammoth i
Christmas irec, with George Csbourne as
Santa Claus. A gooo house is assured,
as the advance sale has been very large.
The complete programme will be as ful
lows:
Address. Hon. Julius Kahn; Little Hazel
Purdy, son£, skirt and flag dancing; Nina
Cook, little actress, vocalist and (iansuese; Au
gustus Tate. eccentric comic songster: Maud
Sorens<on, Polish dance; Master Adolph Grazer,
vocalist and master de danse; Little Venle
Wells, original tough girl; Peter Enrlght,
comedian; Irene Wilson, dancing; Miss Dody
Poholz (nearly 0): MastPr James Home, boy
barytone, in selection; RibMe Kut'er, assisted
liy Harry Mangles, son^s and dances; Master
Jack Hobertson and Little Clara Fex. select
ipo kilties; Kaymond Walsh, silver voice tenor;
the balcony scene "Romeo and Juliet," Romeo
Pearl Landers, Juliet Gladys A. Doxter.
Juvenile "First Born" Company— Cast of
characters: Looey Tsing, a slave girl. Miss
Daisy Grogan; Chan Lee, wife of Chan Wang,
Miss Nellie Wlnchell; Cho Pow, a nurse. Miss
Alice Condon. Highbinders of the See Yup
Tong— Chan Wang. Master Milton Roth: Hop
Kee. a pipe-bowl mender. Master Charles M.
Thall; Chun Woe, Master Harry Smith; Kwa
Ke<-, n. soup peddler, Master H. Ken
nedy Sledge. Dr. Pow Len, a physician,
Master Albert Weil; Man Low Yek, a
merchant of the Sam Yup Tong, Master Klmer
Johnson; Sum Chow, an employe of Man Low
"YVk, and Duck Low, In spite of the Geary
law. Master Gus Tate; a Chinese ragpicker and
Way Get, a guide. Master George M. Clayton;
Chan Toy, "The First Born," Little Venie;
Kirn Poo, Little Mamie; tourists. Master Joe
Laughlin. Miss Alice Condon, Miss Nellie Wln
chell.
The Shah of Persia is styled the "Red
King" because he wears a red turban.
There have been three European rulers
upon -whom that title has been bestowed,
namely Amadeus VII of Savoy, Otto II
of Germany and William II (Rufus) of
England.
SACRAMENTO COUNTY
OFFICERS RESTRAINED
The People Will Not Pay Ten Thousand
Dollars for Two Very Cheap
Town Lots.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 22. — A sensation was sprung at a meeting of the
Board of Supervisors to-day by the service of a restraining order upon
Chairman Morrison and Supervisors Jenkins, Dreman and Curtis, to pre
vent them consummating the purchase of two vacant lots on a street
back of the courthouse for $10,000. The order was issued by Judge John
son upon application of Supervisor McLaughlin, who charged that the prop
erty was not worth more than $2000: thatit was not needed for any of the uses
or purposes of the board or the county; and that the Supervisors, well know
ing these facts to be true, fraudulently connived, colluded and confederated
with James Touhey for the rmrchase of the lots for the sum of $10,000.
A majority of the Board of Supervisors some weeks ago authorized the
publication of a notice that they would to-day purchase the lots re
ferred to from their present owner, Touhey, for $10,000. Soon a protest went
up from the taxpayers. The Chamber of Commerce cautioned its commit
tee on public affairs to watch for what was commonly declared to be a job.
Sacramento Grange, composed of representative farmers, passed resolutions
of remonstrance, and a climax was reached when the Bee las* night gave
the details of the purchase of the two lots by Touhey from William Snarr
and L. C. Chandler, less than three years ago, for $2600. one selling for $1200
and the other for $1400. The lots are unfenced and unimproved, and are
of no use to the county now, nor of any conceivable use in the future.
After having been served with the order Chairman Morrison moved
-t the action of the board announcing its intention to buy the lots for
$10,000 be rescinded, and the motion carried by the votes of all the members.
Supervisor Curtis said to The Call correspondent to-night that he was
not in favor of buying the lots for $10,000, but merely desired to have the
matter properly brought before the board. He said, however, that he be
lieved three members would have voted for its purchase at that figure,
which would have been sufficient. It is generally believed that had it not
been for the publicity given the matter and McLauerhlin's restraining order
the extravagant purchase would have been made.
GRIP EPIDEMIC
AT NEW YORK
City Officials Feel No
Alarm.
DEATH RATE GROWS STEADILY
THERE ABE HUNDREDS ILL IN
WASHINGTON ALSO.
All the Large Eastern Cities Seem
to Be Under the Spell of the
Dread Destroyer, La
Grippe.
Special Dlepatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 22.— The epidemic
of grip is still In marked evidence.
The death rate from bronchitis and
pneumonia continues very heavy. Many
of the recent deaths from pneumonia
have been indirectly due to the grip.
Furthermore, physicians say that the
prevalence of the crip with the con
sequent general weakening of the sys
tem, causes an increase in mortality in
all lines. The deaths from all causes
reported to-day number sixteen more
than the day before. During the last
four days, according to Dr. Rodgers
Tracey, Register of Records of the
Health Department, the deaths from all
causes have been 530. This is a daily
average of 132i,0.
On the corresponding days of last
year the deaths from all causes num
bered 388, a daily average of ninety
seven. Many school children and teach
ers are suffering from the grip. There
are about 225,000 children enrolled In
the public schools in this city. The
normal ratio of absentees is about one
in 200. To-day Superintendent Jasper
reported that there were about 45,000
absentees among the pupils, or 20 per
cent. Of the 5380 teachers about 7 per
cent are on the absent list, whereas &Vz
or 4 per cent is the usual ratio.
There are 381 sick policemen to-day.
President Murphy of the Board of
Health expressed the opinion to-day
that the city would be fully able to
control the epidemic. The injunction
by the Board of Health to elevated
roads and city transportation com
panies to fumigate and thoroughly
clean their conveyances is being car
ried out. *
The health authorities of Brooklyn
report that during the twenty-four
hours preceding 10 o'clock this morning
twenty deaths from grip and pneu
monia occurred. The number of cases
is increasing rather than diminishing.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 22.— 1t is es
timated that between 25,000 and 30,000
persons in this city are suffering from
grip and doctors report it on the in
crease. At the Board of Health to-day
six deaths were reported to have oc
curred within the -<*st twenty-four
hours, directly due to grip, and
twelve other deaths were traced indi
rectly to the same cause.
TOLEDO, 0., Dec. 22.— The grip has
gained a secure foothold in this city
and all physicians are busy with it.
While it is impossible to estimate the
number of cases, they will run into
the thousands.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 22.— From the
number of persons connected with the
various Government departments and
large commercial houses who are ill, it
is apparent that grip is playing an
important part in the present health
conditions in Washington. Of the 3000
employes of the Government printing
office 372 were away on sick leave to
day, and of the 2000 in the bureau of
engraving and printing 235 were re
ported ill.
Throughout the other branches of the
Government service the proportion of
absentees on account of illness is un
usually Large, even at this time of the
year. Many of the large stores, which
are now in the midst of their busiest
season, are very much short of helD.
due to the large sick roll.
An Invitation to Hobson.
Lieutenant Hobson will be invited by
the Army and Navy Christian Commission
to give a short address at the association
building during his brief stay here. It is
known that he is much interested in the
work of the commission and it is thought
that he will accept the invitation. When
he was at the Naval Academy Lieuten
ant Hobson was prominently identified
with the Y. M. C. A. nnd was presiflent
of the academy association.
A Trades Union Boom.
There was little business outside the
usual routine transacted at the meet
ing of the Building Trades Council
last night. A circular boycotting the cy
clorama about to be opened in Central
Park was road and approved, and copies
of it will be sent to every trades union
man in the city. The report of unions af
filiated with the council sliow that next
month every union of the Building Trades
will have delegates in the Labor Council.
This will make the strongest central body
the city has known since the days of the
old Council of Federated Tradea.
BIG BATTLESHIPS
ARE BARRED OUT
Serious Condition in
New York Bay.
MASSACHUSETTS ACCIDENT
LIABLE TO OCCUR TO ANY OF
UNCLE SAM'S BOATS.
At Low Tide With, a Foul Wind the
Vessels Cannot Pass the
Entrance to the
Harbor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 22.— The naval
authorities have learned to their dis
may that it is not possible for one of
our big battleships like the Oregon or
Massachusetts to get out of New York
harbor during extra low water, such as
prevailed when the latter battleship
struck on Diamond Reef a short time
ago. To aid the court of inquiry now
in session at New York trying to as
certain the responsibilityfoi theground
ing, the Navy Department called upon
the coast survey for special measure
ments of the water in the harbor near
Diamond Reef and upon the rock itself.
The report of the superintendent of the
survey has just been received and it
shows, in the opinion of the naval offi
cers, that it is not possible for a ship
of the size of the Massachusetts, ana
with her maneuvering qualities, to get
out of the harbor without touching the
bottom when the tide is ebb and the
wind strong. The ship must pass on
the Brooklyn shore off Coenties Reef,
and then cross over to the channel be
tween Diamond Reef and the New
York shore.
The turn is too short for the Massa
chusetts to make and the best water to
be found in the best course she could
pick on the day she touched was one foot
and four inches less than the draft of
the ship as she started, namely, 26 feet
2 inches. Of course, these conditions
are not normal in the harbor, but they
may occur on any low tide with the
wind in a certain quarter, so the matter
will be brought at once to the attention
of Congress with a view of securing
the removal of the upper part of Dia
mond Reef.
NEW YORK, Dec. 22.— The examination
of the battle-ship Massachusetts to-day
disclosed three large dents In the port
side of the vessel forward". One of the
officials told a reporter that the injuries
were much more serious than had been
anticipated.
From a hole in the bottom of the ship
several long splinters of wood were taken.
This is thought at the navy-yard to indi
cate that the ship struck the wreck of
a barge which sank off Governor's Island
several years ago and which at extremeiy
low water has been a menace to naviga
tion ever since.
Why shouldn't a man be excused for be
ing bigoted against bigotry?
Useful
Holiday Presents.
The extraordinary inducements offered
in our MAGNIFICENT STOCK have
attracted an immense volume of trade,
and as there are but two days more
before Christmas, we are compelled to
make still further reductions so that
we can clear out the balance of shoes
in our GREAT DISSOLUTION OF
CO-PARTNERSHIP SALE.
SPECIAL!
Bring this advertisement and pur-
chase from $1 and upward, and we
will return you
tO CENTS CAR FARE.
I h tjHiuUfl
LADIES' FINE VICI KID SHOES,
lace or button, cloth or kid top. all
styles, sizes and widths; former
price i- 50.
LADIES FINE VICI KID LACE
SHOES, silk vesting: top, new coin
toe all sizes and widths: reduced to
$2 45: sold elsewhere for $3 50.
MEN'S CHRISTMAS SLIPPERS, alli-
gator and chenille embroidered; prices
from 6Sc and upward.
Country orders solicited.
Telephone Jessie 1637.
THE MONARCH SHOE CO.,
1384-1390 Market St.
v _ : ADVERTISEMENTS. "____J"
-■ ■ ■ B-B-B-B-B-B-B--B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-H-H-B- B
iifiTsKTili
■
|| FRIDAY I | FRIDAY ! J
I AND I | AND | ■
I SATURDAY J OUR | ' SATURDAY | h
| SATURDAY I 2 SATURDAY ■
♦%* % m
SILK DEPARTMENT! J
_^
For the two remaining days before H
Christmas we will offer our patrons ■
the choicest of our handsome lines ■
of Silks at ■
Enormous Cuts From Regular Prices ! J
SILK DEPARTMENT. t
$1.50 a Yard. . I
$2 00 BLACK CRYSTAL BENGALINE; sale price $1 50. ■
a Yard W
$3 00 BLACK SATIN SOLEIL; sale price $2 00 a yard. j " ' q
$2,00 a Yard. m
$3 00 BLACK FAILLE FRANCAISE SILK; sale price $2 00 a yard. j
$2.50 a Yard. B
$3 50 BLACK VELONTINE SILK; sale price $2 50 a yard. ■
$3.00 a Yard. a
$4 50 BLACK MASCOTTE SILK; sale price $3 00 a yard. I
SO Cents a Yard. i
75c BLACK DUCHESSE SATIN; sale price 50c a yard. " : ■
•75 Cents a Yard. ■
$1 50 COLORED MOIRE VELOUR SILK; sale price 75c a yard. ; g
T'B Cents a Yard. ■
$1 00 BLACK FIGURED SATIN DUCHESSE; sale price 75c a yard. |
TS Cents a Yard. °
85c COLORED TAFFETA SILK, all shades; sale price 75c a yard. J
$1.00 a Yard. . a
. $1 50 COLORED CHECKED PEAU DE SOIE; sale price $1 00 a yard. |
■
I fig Market, Jones and McAllister Sts^ / «
\r \jr San Fr«nol«oo« / B
i
Holiday Hints.
Buyers will find the largest and handsomest
assortment of USEFUL. AND DURABLE
HOLIDAY OIFTS in San Francisco at the
PALACE HARDWARE CO.,
603 MARKET STREET,
From &2.50 UP.
CARVERS.
MANICURE SETS.
SCISSOR SETS, new patterns, useful
and very handsonje.
TOILET SETS. .
SHAVING CASES.
RfiZOR SETS.
POCKET CUTLERY, 500 styles
VENETIAN LANTERNS.
CANDELABRA AND CANDLESTICKS.
TABLE CUTLERY.
PLfTTED WARE.
CHILD'S SETS, Etc.
DR.MGMJLTY.
n^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
' JL Specialist cure* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases 0/ Men only. BooK on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
Patients curedat Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to 8 dally; to 8:30 ev'gs. Sunday*, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddress
P. ROBCOG MeXILTY, M. O.
g6^ Resrny St., San Francisco. Cal.
Weekly Ca11,51.50 per Year
f?s» <*£S^
They have visiting them at the Nelsons' a Mrs. Duckworth
from Kentucky, who used to be a great sufferer from constipation.
She says she used to suffer greatly with headache too, due, no doubt,
to indigestion and constipation, and tried every kind of remedy, but
could find no relief until she began using Ripans Tabules. Tho very
first Tabule gave relief, " and now," she says, " headache is a stranger."
The indigestion and constipation disappeared, and she never felt
better in her life than she does now. She considers Ripans Tapukt
the b«si medicine in the world.
THE
'Children's Hospital
INVITES the attention of the public to
I the need of IMMEDIATE and SUB-
STANTIAL DONATIONS if the institu-
tion is to be kept open. The "Hospital
for Children and Training School for
Nurses" is in desperate circumstances.
During the past year there has been no
public entertainment given for this
worthy charity, and because of the gen- ,
eral interest of the people in Red Cross
work and needs of soldiers the hospital
has received but little private help.
DO NOT FORGET
THE SICK CHILDREN.
DONATIONS of groceries, linen, cloth-
ing, fuel, drugs, etc.. WILL BE SENT
FOR at any time designated. Donations
received at
COULTER BROTHERS,
227 Su-tter Street.
000 00 ooooooooooooq
%v.r fALACE «'8
I GRAND W-OSBfegg
D SAti FitAnoroco. :?
*f Connected by *' cuver*4 passageway. "
014000 14OO Rooms— With Bath Attached. O
P All Under On« Management. Q
0 ' NOTE THE FSIOE3: 0
_ Earopoen Flftn.St.QO per day and upward _
V AjtMrfcan Plan. 3.00 per £a.r and upward 9
1% 1 Correspondence Solicited. et
ft JOSK 0. KIRSPA?aiCS. Mv» tr. q
loooooooooaooooooo
56
FRIDAY .......DECEMBER 23, 1808
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to £21 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a weel(- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
TTIE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.5 C
OAKLAND OFFICE 906 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. WoHd Bulldlnft
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WA6HINCTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riftt« Ho««e
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marque t te Building
C. GEORGE KROONESS . Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clocK
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market I
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 2518 !
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh '
street, open until 9 o'clocK- 1505 PolK street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana j
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENT*
Columbia— "A Parlor Match."
California— "O'Brien, th« Contractor."
Alcazar— "Humbug."
Tlvoll— "The Yellow Dwarf."
Morosco's— "Uncle Tom's Cabin."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Comedy— "A Bunch of Keys."
The Chutes— Gorilla Man, Vaudex-llle and the Zoo.
Olympia — Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Ingleside Race Track— Races To-day.
Glen Park— Mission Zoo. Sunday.
Metropolitan Hall— Rosenthal Piano Recital, Tuesday even-
Ingr. January 3. ■ « '• ,
LEES IN (\ TRANCE.
CHIEF LEES is supposed to have charge of the
police, and the police look out for the protec
tion of the city as well as in some measure regu
late its morals. Therefore his position is one of im
portance, and his manner of filling it a matter of pub
lic concern. Perhaps if once jarred out of his senile
lethargy the Chief would himself be grateful to have
had the error of his way made plain; after whiah he
would fall asleep again.
Gambling of certain sorts is forbidden in San Fran
cisco. Faro, roulette and craps are under the ban.
There is a theory, and possibly it sweetens the dreams
of the hoary Chief, that none of the interdicted games
runs here. If he were to be askeu about it he would
sputter an indignant denial. Yet that the games do
run every man 'about town knows — that is, unless he
happens to be on the police force, in which case
there might not be justification in suspecting him of
knowing anything.
Had the Chief ferreted out and stopped these il
k-pal games, to hp.ve commended him would have
been a pleasure. Alas! that pleasure has been with
held. In the interests of good order The Call has
itself been obliged to do police work, and this morn
ing makes the result known. The Chief is welcome
to the information. He is even welcome to act upon
it and swell anew with pride at having hunted out the
gamblers' lair and scattered the chips afar. To find
Just where the rooms are located he needs but turn
to the local columns. . But we will essay the informa
tion that if he go in full uniform, his sword clanking
martially and his drum corps sounding a gladsome
note at his heels, the players will have flown.
We do not expect the thanks of the Chief. The
facts which will help him in his business are freely
tendered. Here is an opportunity for him to polish a
faded halo to a pleasing luster. We entertain a be
lief that the old man is incompetent, that he is as un
able to direct intelligently the movements of a police
force as he is unfit to lead a celestial choi-. If he ever
knew, he has forgotten. Away back in the dimness
of long-gone years, before the weight of decades had
alighted upon him, he may have known a thing or
t^o. He doesn't now. He has lost his grip. San
Krancisco is too big for him. So in pity this tip is
offered, and we wish him joy of it.
California does not often feel in any spot of her
vast expanse a touch of drought, and even then the
misfortune is not to be utilized as an advertising
scheme. That trick of the Examiner has been tried
t< often. Its bogus charity ever makes capital of the
misiortunes of others. The game is old and stale,
and, in slang}' but expressive parlance, people "are
onto it."
More and more evident becomes the fact that a
serious mistake was made when the walls of the
.Baldwin were not, while still warm, leveled to the
ground. The prospect now is that the possibly most
prominent corner in the city is to be disfigured by an
.'irchrtectural scarecrow.
When a man arises to state that people who are suf
fering from drought are themselves to blame, he
argues that he lacks both a keen intelligence and a
warm heart. Possibly he means to intimate that the
people neglected to pray for rain.
The New York man who called the Kaiser a mut
ton-head must go to jail for it. His indirection was
in holding his peace until a visitor in Germany. If
he was anxious to have his views known there he
ought to have cabled them.
One point against the prevalent bill board is that
ii is unsightly, another that it is dangerous, and a
third that it is useless. The points in its favor have
not been mentioned from the simple circumstance
that none exists.
Opponents oi Dreyfus threaten to raise a row if
the movement in his behalf do not cease. His friends
will raise a row in the opposite event. The certainty
about the matter is that France is to have a row.
St. Louis ministers claim that people are kept
away from church there by the fear of footpads. If
thi£ is true St. Louis seems to need police more than
preachers.
Lieutenant Esola is to be commended for raiding
some of the thieves' dens along upper Kearny street.
They have long been a howling disgrace to that lo
cality.
We violate no confidence in saying that a policeman
who would commit robbery ought to be stripped of
one uniform and given another of different style.
•Continued slaughter of Christians in Turkey sug
gests that the invading missionaries travel in regi
ments, with scouts in advance.
Perhaps the Cubans ac© competent to govern them
selves, but they are strangely slow about giving some
indication of it
HONOR fJND PROFIT.
THE commission, houses, Board of Trade and
manufacturers and producers have taken up
the question of adulterated and badly prepared
wines and fruits in the spirit suggested by The Call.
Commercial honor, strictly observed, is more neces
sary to the prosperity of California than to any other
State in the Union. The great crops of the Middle
West, the South and East, are of such a nature that
their adulteration is not feasible. They offer no pre
mium to greed in their sophistication. Corn and
wheat, cotton, rice, sugar and tobacco are hardly
capable of harmful manipulation. But with our vine- i
yard and orchard products the case is different. The '
slothful orchardist who permits his trees and, their
traits to be infested with noxious insects saves the !
cost of cleansing them, but he sends fruit to be con- |
demned in the market after it has left his hands, arid i
to injure the State's entire crop for many seasons to !
come.
Our spreading market for dried fruits in Germany
is suddenly closed by official authority, upon the dis
covery that it carries scale. Of course we answer that
the processes to which the fruit is subjected to fit it
for market destroy the scale. But that answer, if
true, is not enough. Commerce requires something
more. We must be able to show by testimony so
conclusive and authority so respectable that they can
not be doubted that no fruit infested by scale in its
green state is dried for export. We must teach the
orchardist that he cannot sell his fruit, green or
dry, unless it is clean of parasites. We must make
him understand that a crop with scale is a crop lost,
out of which he can get no return, and he will then
understand that his profit depends on the care of his
orchard. At the same time the careful planter, who
does keep his trees clean, will get the proper premium
on his commercial honor by supplying the market
from which unclean fruit is excluded.
It is well to treat this issue from the standpoint of
reason. Germany may be retaliating for our pro
hibitory duty on her bounty-paid beet sugar, but we
cannot fasten that charge upon her as long as we fur
nish her a pretext for excluding our fruit on account
of scale: If we are able to invite the German Consul's
attention to the fact that law or rigid custom forbids
the drying of fruit that comes from the orchard with
scale, we eliminate from the contention every ele
ment, except commercial retaliation, with which the
two national Governments must deal. Until we do
this we handicap our own Government in any at
tempt to right the matter. There has long been a
suspicion that the exclusion of our pork from Ger
many was retaliation, or intended as covert and extra
tariff protection. But when our Government at
tempted to deal with it on that basis we were con
fronted by carefully compiled extracts from news
papers in the pork-raising States giving sensational
accounts of the prevalence of hog cholera. It is true
that these were greatly exaggerated, but our plea to
that effect was not listened to. Finally the hog
raising States have gone at work systematically to
stamp out the epizooty. and it is rapidly disappearing.
California must act with intelligence and on the lines
of commercial honor. Commercial confidence is a
plant of slow growth in old markets. The more de
cisive we are the more rapidly will it grow.
Our first-class orchard products can be all mar
keted, green, dry or canned, at a profit, if we begin
and continue right. Only first-class fruit should be
marketed in either state. As for green fruit there is
much that by reason of small size or outward blemish
is not marketable as first class, nor should it be
canned or dried. Still there is the temptation to get
something out of it, reinforced by the fact that its
pulp and juices are as good as any.
The orchardists of Southern Europe utilize such
fruit by distilling it. There are several valuable com
mercial liqueurs made from such defective prune?,
pears, cherries and peaches, and a mash-tub and still
are part of the equipment of many fruit farms. Such
fruit may also be made into jams and marmalades that
are perfectly wholesome and commercially valuable.
We have not yet reached the point of these econo
mies, and so we try to crowd all such fruit into a mar
ket where it lowers the price of all fruit and harms
the reputation of our orchards. The strict law and
rigid custom to which we have referred will hasten
the day when such fruit will be excluded from the
green fruit market and will not be accepted to can or
dry. This will compel resort to its use in such forms
as return a profit on it without spoiling the market of
its betters.
We hope to see this matter taken in hand at the
meetings of our horticulturists, to the end that light
upon it may be spread among the planters.
Two years ago an enterprising fig-grower, finding
his crop useless on his hands, turned it into a mash
tub and distilled fig brandy. Now that liquor is a
valuable commercial product, especially as a culinary
brandy. The privilege of distilling it would bring
relief to every fig-raiser in the State. But it happens
that our internal revenue laws make no provision for
fig brandy, and this enterprising grower, after trying
vainly to pay internal revenue tax on his liquor, was
compelled to submit to its seizure by the Government
because it was not mentioned in the law. The law
should be amended so as to class the fig as a berry
and permit its distillation.
In regard to the adulteration of our wines and
sending them into carefully inspected markets or any
market, there must be speedy, drastic and efficient ac
tion. Great hopes were invested in the commercial
organization of our wine interest. It promised to
study markets, promote consumption of our wines,
and, if possible, capture for them the control of the
American market.
The discovery of Wetmore, by which their heady
quality could be eliminated by damp storage, which
withdrew from them the excess of alcohol, through
the natural operation of chemical affinity, was a mat
ter the value of which cannot be overestimated. When
it was applied their use began to spread where be
fore they had been excluded in favor of the light
French and German wines.
Only patience and commercial honor were required
to create a use and make a market that would take
all our sound vintage at a profit to the grower. No
occurrence of the year, not excepting the drought, is
to be more lamented than the revelation of adultera
tion of these .vines. If it result in positive legislation
that will outlaw the sophisticated product and punish
its manipulator, the benefit to every wine vineyard
will be great.
Let it be understood that the shipment of fermented
raisins, scaly fruit and adulterated wines must stop,
and a brighter day will soon come for the California
producers.
c STUDY IN INEBRIATION.
IN the case of a policeman now on trial for rob
bery one of the important witnesses was charged
with having been under the influence of liquor at
the time he observed the transaction. He was natur
ally indignant. Apparently a man dislikes the accu
sation of having been drunk, particularly if it is based
on the truth.
The witness finally admitted that perhaps he had
been half drunk, the admission raising more delicate
questions. When, for instance, may one be regarded
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1898.
as fractionally intoxicated ? By what method shall
the numerator and denominator of the fraction be de
termined? Queries were put with a view to solving
the matter.
Finally the witness acknowledged that, although
only half drunk, with the remaining half of his facul-
I ties as keen as ever, he had had twenty drinks. Thus
I society's interest in the policeman is crowded out by
) the interest of science in the witness. To swallow
! twenty drinks and be in a condition to swallow twenty
more before reaching the stage of paralysis argues in
the first place the possession of a mighty thirst, an
; abnormal capacity, a vast power of resistance, and, if
; there is joy in a solitary drink, an endless source of
pleasure.
If twenty drinks only carry one to . the midway
stage there are not drinks enough in a distillery to
carry him to the end, for before a second twenty
"could take hold the effect of the original twenty
would have begun to wane. Therefore, the man thus
qualified could be a tank, always partly drunk, never
entirely 80, and go through the world his sorrow
continually drowned, and not a thing but snakes to
fear.
A COMMENDABLE MOVEMENT.
THE Richmond District Improvement Clubs are
to be congratulated upon their success in finally
inducing the Board of Supervisors to fix a date
; after which burials in the cemeteries around Lone
I Mountain will be illegal. For several years efforts in
! this direction have been unavailing. The influence of
j the people who own burial plats, combined with that
jof the. corporations engaged in operating new
i grounds, has been ample to prevent action toward
! prohibiting further interments or wholesale removal.
\lt may be that this influence is still potent. The reso
j lution passed by the Supervisors, it should be noted,
j has merely gone to print.
There is no doubt, however, that the position main
tained by the residents of Richmond concerning
these cemeteries is correct. They are a blight upon
the development of a most beautiful portion of the
city, they must eventually be removed, and the time
for preparing for removal can never be more pro
pitious than at present. The resolution passed to
print by the Supervisors fixes 1002 as the extreme
limit during which burials will be permitted in the
cemeteries referred to. This will give the lot-owners
three years in which to prepare for the end, and after
that an agitation for wholesale removal may appro
priately be undertaken.
While communities, as well as governments, ought
to respect the regard people feel for the dead, it must
be recognized by all that burying-grounds when lo
cated in the midst of cities are a. nuisance and should
be abated. Not only are they a menace to health, but
their presence kills real estate improvements, ob
structs Streets and destroys the value of property.
The region called Richmond, located, as it is, behind
two cemeteries, is not half so valuable for home
building purposes as it would be were Lone Mountain
razed and the dead reposing upon its slopes removed
to other places.
We say, therefore, that the Richmond District Im
provement Clubs are to be congratulated upon having
at last induced the Supervisors to name the day on
which burials shall cease in these cemeteries. After
January 1, 1902, it will be in order for them to begin
agitating for the removal of the bodies. The property
now populated by the silent dead will by that time
have become so valuable for residence purposes that
its owners may perceive a profit in joining in the
movement. If such prove to bo the event no trouble
will be experienced in abolishing the cemeteries. In
the face of a financial operation such as has been sug-
gested the ghosts of the eternal mountain will gather
up their winding-sheets and walk without a shadow
cf protest.
It is to be hoped the Board of Supervisors will
take final action on the resolution.
A VICTORY FOR RAISIN - GROWERS.
A LETTER to Senator Perkins from Special
Commissioner Kasson, who is intrusted with
the arrangement of reciprocity treaties under
the Dingley tariff, gives assurance that the claim of
the Greek Government for a free admission to our
markets of the Zante currants will be refused and the
interests of our raisin-growers protected.
In the course of his letter the Commissioner, after
reviewing the claim of the Greeks and pointing out
that the President in his message had not recom
mended that Zante currants be put on the free list,
but stated only that the subject was under considera
tion, went on to say:
"I beg also to acknowledge the aid to such consid
eration afforded by your constituents, in the facts
presented by them, and in the samples furnished in
| support of their claim that the same currant as im
ported is already largely grown in California for the
supply of our own market. This being established,
the ground of the Greek claim for free admission
must disappear. In view of these facts I hope you
may find it convenient to remove the apprehension
and allay the fears of interested parties among your
constituents. The result of the investigation seems
likely to establish their claims on stronger grounds
than ever before."
It is gratifying to learn from this letter that the
Government at Washington seems to have acquired
at last an accurate knowledge of the nature of the
Zante currant and its relations to the raisin industry
of California. That information having been attained,
it is fair to assume the Zante issue is now settled for
the rest of this generation, and that our raisin-growers
will be no further disturbed by the claims of the
Greeks and the New York importers that Zantes
should be entitled to admission to our markets free
of duty.
The Call took a warm interest in the question, and
for the enlightenment of Washington officials pub
lished an elaborate exposition of the issue, giving a
full account of the Zante currant, explaining its bo
tanical character and its uses in commerce and as an
article of food. For its service to the raisin industry
in this way a vote of thanks was given to The Call by
the growers, and we have, therefore, more than or
dinary gratification in congratulating them and the
State at large upon the victory which has been at
tained.
Hall Cainc is a gracious little gentleman. He was
called everything from blackguard to fool while in
this country, and yet he is back in England saying
pleasant things about us.
An inveterate -smoker of tobacco has just come to
a sudden end at the age of 109. The fact is merely
stated here so as to be available for use as an argu
ment by v those who desire.
While Hobson is criticizing the Navy Department
he ought to remember that Chaplain Mclntyre lost a
good job for doing the same thing.
Possibly Chief Lees does not know that faro can
not legally be played in this city.
Colnon seems to be an example of deathbed re
pentance,
BETTER MEN IN PRISON.
The Disgust and Anger Aroused by the An
nouncement of Burns' Candidacy Be
coming Daily More Intense.
The following opinions on the can
didacy of Dan Burns are well worth
reading. Seldom has rebuke so closely
followed a display of brazen impu
dence; seldom has the Republican
press of California set the seal of its
contempt upon such a damnable
scheme. Not yet Is that press pre
pared to see a crown of infamy set
upon the party It upholds, for Burns'
election means disgrace at hand and
inevitable disaster in the future.
BETTER MEN WEAR STRIPES.
Dan Burns wants to be United States
Senator. Better representatives can be
found at San Quentin or Folsom.— Bodie
Miner-Index.
DAN HAS A RIVAL.
Now that Mr. James J. Corbett's use
fulness as a prize-fighter is over, we re
spectfully nominate him for United States
Senator from California. We trust that
no wil not take this as an affront.— San
Francisco Outpost.
DEMOCRATS FOR BURNS.
The people who imagine that a terrible
effort will be made to make Dan Burns
Senator are not watching the trend of
political events. It is stated that there
are Democratic legislators who will vote
for Burns. If the necessity arises we
hope to see the Republicans and Demo
crats who favor decency and oppose boss
corruption in politics unite on an upright
Democrat for Senator. The people will re
volt at Burns.— Red Bluff Sentinel.
TRAPPED AT EVERY TURN.
Something will have to be done to call
off the Chronicle and Call or W. F. Her
rin and Dan Burns will have to give up
all other occupations except to "sit in or
der and do nothing," as is the custom in
some schools back in New England. These
worthies are getting trapped at every
turn. It is alleged in both the Chronicle
and Call that, at Burns' request, Herrln
furnished one Turner and wife tickets
from San Francisco to New York to
A NEWS THIEF TRAPPED.
The following article taken from a
recent issue of the New York Herald
shows how a thrifty metropolitan jour
nalist uses his neighbor's goods to the
detriment of the neighbor and the ag
grandizement of himself. The enter
prising newspaper man offered to sell
The Call news, which was to be stolen
from the Herald, being blissfully Ig
norant at the time that The Call had
entered into a co-partnership with the
Herald for the purchase of news and
was entitled to whatever appeared in
the columns of its cont«mporary. He
was trying to sell stolen property to
its owner.
We reprint elsewhere the amazing circu
lar in which a "night editor" in this city
offers to pounce upon the morning papers
as soon as they issue from the press and
supply their copyrighted news ratr 'at space
rates for matter actually uaed" to any
out-of-town paper that wants to hire him.
He boasts that he can get earlier copies
of these papers "than any person else,
with few exceptions," and 'can have the
Herald beats (copyrighted or not) re
written completely and on the wire for
you by 4 o'clock a, m.. New York time.
For unblushing effrontery in the way of
pilfering copyrighted news this seems to
cap the climax. The Herald had occasion
recently to expose a San Francisco paper
for thus pirating its copyrighted specials,
and brought suit against it for piracy. But
here is a person who proposes to make a
general traffic of it for any paper willing
to be a party to it.
A? is well known, the Herald's special
dispatches, obtained at great expense, are
duly copyrighted, and hence cannot be re
printed with impunity except by those
papers that have secured and pay for that
privilege. We have no objection to their
being copied, with due credit given, by
morning papers of the day following that
of their appearance in the Herald, but
their unlicensed publication in Western
papers on the same morning, which is
rendered possible by difference of time
and pilfering of early copies, is simply
news thievery. In violation of the copy
right law. and a wrong, not only to the
Herald, but also to those of our out-of
town contemporaries that pay for the
privilege of using the dispatches. In Jus
tice to them as well as to itself the Herald
does not propose to permit it.
As we have said, these special dis
patches are duly copyrighted, and their
unlicensed appropriation is news piracy,
for which the law affords means of re
dress. It is the common regret of all rep
utable journals obtaining valuable special
news that the remedies of the existing
law are not more drastic or effective.
What is needed is severe penalties for this
species of piracy, and Congress should
lose no time in amending the copyright
statute so as to provide them.
Owing to the difference in time it has
long been a practice among impecunious
and unscrupulous newspapers in the West
to steal special news stories and features
from New York journals. Special copy
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
C. L. Adams of Visalia Is at the Lick.
Jj. B. Eaton of Pasadena Is at the Pal
ace.
Judge J. W. Davis of Tulare is at the
Grand.
E. W. Dunn of San Jose is registered at
the Lick.
W. S. Hoyt and wife are at the Cali
fornia.
James H. Gill of New York is register
ed at the Palace.
Dr. A. R. Moist of Dayton, Ohio,, is a
guest at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Gartenlauch of Fresno
are at the Occidental.
T. E. Gibbon, a merchant of Los An
geles, is at the Palace.
Joseph D. Blddle, a prominent rancher
of Hanford, is at the Grand.
There is a story
going the rounds
which is told at
the expense of a
well known mem
ber of the Bohe
mian Club. It is
THE I OU
AND
its Results.
worth repeating
if for no other reapon than to Illustrate
the fact that circumstantial evidence Is
the hardest kind to overcome, especially
if the person suspected or accused be in
nocent. This member has a great fond
ness for the national game commonly
played with five cards. The persuasions
of his wife, however, induced him to give
up the game with the solemn promise that
he would never play again. Some time
ago he was watching a game in which
a friend of his was participating. His
friend had been up against it all the even
ing; also against a number of brandy and
sodas, and his mental faculties worked
not with their accustomed clearness. As
the club man sat watching the draws his
friend went broke, borrowed twenty-five
from him and proceeded to make out an
I O U, which he handed over, and the
club man put it in his pocket without
reading it. The next morning he over
slept himself and when he awoke his bet
ter half stood beside the bed holding in
her hand tne fatal piece of paper. She had
been through her husband's pockets for
loose change.
'I thought you promised me never to
play poker again?"
"So I did. and 1 have kept my promise."
oblige Mr. Assemblyman Merrill of San
Francisco, who has agreed to meet Mr.
Burns' views as to voting for United
States Senator. This will make another
sensation, and that, too, when things
were just getting quieted down.— Tulare
Register.
A SNEAKING CANDIDATE.
If Burns is a candidate, his campaign is
a sneaking one. Instead of coming out
into the open and making the flght like a
decent man, he is attempting to gain by
stealth an advantage which he could not
hope to gain by honest, open method. The
charge is freely made, and it has not been
authoritatively denied, that State patron
age is being used to promote his interest
either as a candidate or as a Warwick.
The truth of this matter should be known
to the public, and the sooner it Is made
known the better.
Even those friends of Burns who make
the claim that he is not a candidate for
Senator agree on one point. They mod
estly admit that he does "want to name
the next Senator!" The monumental
effrontery of this proposition need not be
dwelt upon. It is so obvious, so conspicu
ous, that comment Is superfluous.
Are the members of the California Leg
islature prepared to abdicate their
rights and to neglect their duty in this
matter in order to give Dan Burns an
opportunity to "name the Senator? W e
shall see.
The Senatorial fight -will be on in
earnest soon after the Legislature assem
bled at Sacramento. The people of Cali
fornia will look to their Legislature to se
lect for that high position of honor ana
trust a man who is in every sense worthy
of the office, and who is well qualified to
discharge its arduous duties. The people
will hold the Legislature to a strict ac
countability in this matter. They will
watch the progress of the contest with the
keenest of interest, and will be quick to
perceive the slightest inclination on the
part of any of our legislators to betray
the cause of the people into the hands of
the people's enemies.
Public opinion demands the selection,
not of Dan Burns, nor of any other politi
cal trickster, but of a broad-minded, lib
eral and able man, who will serve his
State with credit in the national Legisla
ture instead of disgracing it. Our legis
lators must meet this public demand or
be prepared to take the consequences. —
Los Angeles Times.
right laws have been enacted by Congress
to stop this dishonest practice. To the
honor of the more enterprising and sin
cere papers in the West it must be stated
that with them it is an invariable rule to
give credit for this stolen matter, which,
in a slight measure, is some satisfaction
for being robbed of valuable property
without so much as saying "By your
leave."
Perhaps the most unblushing proposi
tion yet made of the nature referred to is
contained in the letter which the Herald
prints herewith. It was written to the.
editor of the San Francisco. Call, a con
spicuous and enterprising newspaper that
pays for the privilege of using the Her
ald's special news features and has no use
for a "dark lantern" service, such as the
writer of the letter proposes.
Following is the circular which the
, enterprising night editor of the Press
sent to The Call.
i "To the Editor of The Call, San Fran
cisco—Dear Sir: I am night editor of the
New York Press, and, having made a suc
cess of my news correspondence for cer
tain Eastern, Western and Southern
newspapers, desire to extend it, and have
three propositions to make.
"1. If you want a news correspondent in
this city to watch your interests, day and
night, and query you on all news not cov
ered by the Associated Press report, I will
serve you in that capacity, charging only
your own customary space rate for matter
actually used.
"2. If you want to have a newspaper
correspondent who will not put you to the
expense of paying telegraph tolls on que
ries, but whom you can always depend on
to answer promptly any order you may
send him from time to time for a news or
special story, to be paid for at your own
special rates for matter actually used, I
will serve you in that capacity.
"3. If you want a successful solicitor of
advertisements In this great center, work
ing at your usual commission, I will serve |
you to a limited degree in that capacity j
That Is, I will go at any time after any !
particular advertiser you will indicate to
me as likely to use your paper.
"With regard to my news facilities I
have this to say: I have early access to j
the proofs of the New York Press, and '
j can use them freely in connection with all '•
| news not covered by the Associated Press i
The Press gets all the news from special i
correspondents all over the world, and '
gets it early— except when it is occasion- j
i ally beaten.
I "To offset this occasional beat lam
able to get earlier copies of the Herald
\Vorld, Journal and Sun than any person !
else, with few exceptions, and can have I
the Herald beat (copyrighted or not) re
written completely and on the wire for i
j you by 4 o'clock a. m. (New York time) !
j and any \\orld, Journal, Sun or German :
] newspaper beat an hour earlier
"If I can be of service to you in any of
these three capacities, please write" me :
just what particular kind of work you '
want, and I will guarantee to give you
your moneys* worth. i
(Signed) "A. D. HOWARD.
..»t , gl^ E(litor New York Press.
"New York City, Nov. 11, 1898."
"Is this what you call keeping a prom
ise?" and Mrs. B. handed her husband the
piece of paper.
"Confound it," said the clubman In ex
plaining the matter to some friends a few
days later, "what do you think he had
done? Instead of making that I O U out
properly he had made it so that I owed
him twenty-five, and now all my protesta
tions of innocence to my wife are useless
She declares that she is not as green 7*
I think she is when I try to explain the
truth to her. but, worst of all. I have to
be home before midnight, and that Uttle
loan has cost me a new dress for Christ
mas in the bargain." <~nnst-
M R Plaistead of Fresno, editor of th*
.. hh e r co^er; I . CC n ar o'!T 1 ,. hi S a ? i ra, tO A Zr
H. E. Finney, who is interested in the
stove business in Kansas City •is m l
the guests at the Palace. among
J. Bayha and G. Huser of Koln Ger
many, are at the Palace en ml *
China They are German tourSts C oS
bining business with pleasure
panied by his family «aiwi
for a few weeks' S^tfSjSg 1 *
Mr. and Mrs. Stirling Postley left 'the
iu^^r .°»«?.-. °»«?.- - to*. ,s
OPPOSED TO ANNEXATION.
™! CALPELLA - Gal.. Dec. 20. 1898.
Editor Call-When Admiral Dewev
received instructions to sail from
Hongkong and destroy the Spanish
fleet did he also have instructions from
the Government to destroy the fort at
Cavite or land his forces?
You are, no doubt, aware of the re
port of what Mr. Day said upon con
clusion of negotiations for the Phili D 
pines: "That -this was the best we can
do under the circumstances. That we
lost our right to throw up the islands
failed to weigh anchor and
I like the reported talks of Hale of
Maine, Bailey of Texas and Vest of
Missouri against annexing the Philip
pines. Also I see The Call is alonsr that
line. _
I would rather see the Government
lose what it has cost her for those par
ticular islands than to annex, and
much less make sale of them. The lat
ter looks reprehensible^ GURLEY
Calpella. Cal.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
STATE TAX-E. B. M.. Angels Camp.
Cal. The State tax of California in 1594
was 49.3 cents; in 1595, 68.5; in 18%, 42.9.
in 1597, 51; in 1898, 48.8.
AN OFFICER'S WIDOW— Mrs. 8., City.
The widow of an officer does not receive
a greater pension because her husband
died in action in the field than she would
if he died in the natural course of events.
HALF-DIME— R. 8., Gardiner, Or. A
silver 5-cent piece of 1836 is worth, ac
cording to the dealers' prices, from 25 to
60 cents, according to perfectness of ren
dition. There is no demand for «uch
coins. _____
REPORTS— C. E. J.. Smiths Flat. Cal.
The reports of the officers who were in
command in the war between the United
States and Spain will appear in the an
nual report of the Secretary of v ar ana
that of the Secretary of the Navy, ro
obtain such reports, communicate w 'tn
the Secretaries named. Washington, D. C.
MAIL MATTER— Summersville. Cal. If
the time of departure of the mail coach
is 4 o'clock in the morning the rule.is that
mail dropped in the Postoffire during the
night should go by the mail on the fol
lowing morning.
FORGETFULNESS— H. M.. Cty. There
are a number o f books published under
the title of "Aids to Memory." which are
said to be of value to those who are for
petful. Such can be obtained through any
first class book seller.
VESSELS FOR MANILA— G. W., City.
The following, from the records of the
Merchants' Exchange, shows the names
of the vessels and the dates on which
they sailed for Manila via Honolulu from
San Francisco since October 15. ISDS: Or
tober 19, Valencia; October 27. Indiana;
October 30, Zealamna; November 3. Penn
sylvania; November 6. City of Puebla;
November 8, Newport; Novefber IS. St.
Paul.
EX-PRESIDENT HARRISON— E. H.
L., City. Benjamin Harrison, ex-PreEi
dent of the United States, left Indianap
olis for San Francisco February 26, 1891
en route to Palo Alto. He arrived in San.
Francisco March 3 following. On the sth
of April of the same year he was at a
banquet tendered to him, Robert T. Lin
coln, Whitelaw Reid and General Scho
fleld by the University Club of San Fran
cisco.
BIG SHIPS— C. R., Clinton Park, Car.
The dimensions of the Great Eastern
were: Length, 680: breadth, S3 feet: height
of hull, 50 feet; 11,000 horse power. The
Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse is 640 feet long.
66 feet beam find 43 feet depth: horse
power, 30,000. The Oceanic, the vessel now
building and which will be the -longest
ship ever built, will be 705 feet long, within
a trifle of 83 feet beam, 50 feet depth, with
a draught of 25 feet; horse *ower, 45,000;
THE O'CONNBL'L STATUE— J. B. X;,
City. This correspondent v.-rites to give
the information that there is a monument
to Daniel O'Connell in Glassnovin Ceme
tery and one in Sarkville. O'Connell died
in Genoa, May fi, 1547. His heart was taken
to Rome, where it was embalmed and
buried in the Church of St. Agatha, while
his remains were conveyed to Ireland
August 5, 1847, and buried in Glassnevin
Cemetery. In 1569 a round tower was
erected to his memory. It is 165 feet in
height. The body was removed to a
crypt in the base of the tower.
FERTILIZING LAND— H. F. 8.. Free
stone, Cal. The cost of fertilizing land
depends upon the conditions, and on the
nature of the fertilizer. The cost in Cali
fornia ranges when commercial fertiliser
is used from $S to $15 an acre. The ques
j tion. "How do commercial fertilizers
compare with barnyard fertilizers?" is a
question that would require a great deal
| more space to answer than this.depart
! ment b&fl at its command to devote to
I one question. Much depends in the mat
i ter of comparison on the condition of the
barnyard fertilizer. As a general rule
the latter is by far the best.
CAMILLA URSO— S., City. Mrs. Ca
milla Urso, the violinist, made her first
appearance in concert in San Francisco
at Plan's Hall November 2.'!. 1869. On De
cember 12 of the same year she proposed
to get up a grand concert in aid of the
Mercantile Library. Her offer being ac
cepted, the first of a series of concerts to
that end was given in Mechanics' Pavilion
on the 22d of February. IS7O, with an or
chestra of 1200 voices and 200 instruments
There were 10.000 in the audience the first
night. The last of these concerts was
given on the 26th of that month, and the
festival netted $19,412.
CALIFORNiANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Dec. 22.— Mrs. Maurice
Schmidt of San Francisco ifl at the Sa
voy: Adolph Son and family of San
Francisco are at the Netherlands; L.
Yokl of Los Angeles is at the Vendonre.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Dec. 22.-Hugh Cltrfg,
president of the San Francisco Chamber
of Commerce, delivered a lecture this
afternoon before a goodly sized audi
ence at Columbian University on the Nic
aragua canal, beginning with Its incep
tion and following it through its many
vicissitudes to the present time. Dr. J.
F. D. Murphy of San Francisco is at the
Raleigh Hotel. Senator Perkins, through
ex-Congressman Burnett of Massachu
setts, representing the Boston Merchants'
Association, received a flattering invita
tion to address that body at its annual
dinner on January 3 next. If public busi
ness will permit Senator Perkins will ac
cept.
Townsend's, 627, Palace. Closed Sumlys.*
Popcorn. 3 quarts 10c. Townsond's.
1 and 2 canes in box. 10c box. Townsend's.*
1 lb chewing candy in box, 25c. Townsend.*
Our famous broken candy, 34 lbs in hand
some Japanese basket, 50c. Townsend's. •
The best Xmas present: Townsend's Cal
ifornia Glace Fruits. W)c. in fire etched
boxes or Japanese baskets. 627 Market St.,
Palace Hotel building. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042.
Thousands of packages in H. I. i. 3. 5
and 10 pounds of Townsend's California
glace fruits, 50 cents a pound; all ready
for shipping. Send your orders and we
can ship for you at reduced rates. 627
Market street, Palace Hotel. •
Mothers, Attention!
You can save money on boys' clothinp.
hats, caps, sweaters, shirts, etc., by call
ing on "The Old I. X. L.," corner Sixth
and Mission streets. Headquarters for
Santa Clans. •
He— My dear, I have just written a
little masterpiece. I call It— ah— "How to
Be Master of the Household." Wouldn't
you like to hear it?
"No, Samuel; I'm going off for a day's
golf. You stay with the twins until I re
turn."—Life.
« ♦ . 1
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Haa been used over fifty -ears by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, soften*
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the bMt remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Drugglst3 In every
part of the world. Be sure and nsk for Mr*.
Window's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL. CORONADO- Take advantag»
of the round-trip tickets. Now only 160 by
steamship, Including; fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay S2 M P er da y- Apply at
4 New Montgomery street, San Francisco.
DYSPEPSIA CAN BE CURED BY USING}
Acker's Dyspepsia Tablets. One little tablet
will give Immediate relief or money refunded,
gold ia handsome tin boxes. At Owl Drug C*.MYSTERY OF
THE BLAZE
AT TIBURON
MRS. YOUNG OFTEN SEEN
WITH MITCHELL.
Disappearance of the Partner Be=
fore the Fire Arouses Suspicion
of Citizens === The Woman
Refuses to Deny Her
Husband's Quilt.
Slowly but surely as details that at first
were mere rumors begin to assume defi
nite shape the belief that the fire at Tlb
uron. which nearly resulted in a "lynch
ing bee," ws the result of a conspiracy
on the part of several persons is assum
ing certalnt in the opinion of the citizens
of that llttl''! community.
The disapi earance of Thomas Mitchell,
the. partner >t Henry Young, at so critical
a periini is Variously and in general un
favorably commented upon; but the parti
cular theme is the alleged relations ex
isting between Mitchell and Mrs. Young.
To these Ye ung is never known to have
made objection, though their existence is
'. by numerous townsmen to have
been ent that evfcn a blind man
must have 1 een aware that things were
not exactly is they should have been.
It la asser'ed by persons in a position
to know whf-eof they speak that Mitchell
and Mrs. Young have been seen in each
other's company a great deal for months;
that it was a. common thing for them to
cross the bay together, and that they
were nearly always in each other's so
cifty when Young happened to be away
from home.
This has given rise to the theory that
the woman knows a good deal more about
the origin of the blaze than she is will-
Ing to admit An opinion held us the more
le because she showed such inten.se
agitation on learning that her husband
was arrested, and immediately tried to
commit suicide.
Mitchell returned yesterday on the
Stockton steamer and proceeded to San
Rafael, whiff be was met by Young, and
a conference held in Attorney Corhrane's
office. It was decided that things were
quiet enough for Young to return to Tibu
ron. which lie did on the 5:10 p. m. train,
being accompanied by Mitchell and Attor
ney M. F. Cochrane. All went up town
in a 'bus, and Young kept away from the
public gaze as much as possible.
Mitchell stated to The Call correspond
ent that ho is entirely Ignorant of the
origin of the fire and will investigate it
thoroughly.
•'My position as partner place? me in a
rather peculiar light," he declared, "and
I shall do all in my power to find out
who is to blame. I was absent in Fresno
end Stanislaus County, serving writs of
attachment, and knew nothing about the
trouble until I rernhed San Francisco."
curtin and B< ala of this city filed an at
tnrhment suit at San Rafael against
Young's property for an asF.gned claim
of $117- Sheriff Harrison at once went to
Tiburon and took charge of the defend
ant's store. „ _ . ,
The present state of affairs revives an
unpublished story concerning Young and
District Attorney Martinelli that cut quite
a figure so far as the county official is
concerned during the late election.
Young applied for a liquor license sev
eral months in advance of a session of
MRS. HENRY YOUNG
STRANGELY SILENT
Mrs Young, Wife nf the Marln County Incendiary, was none the worse
yesterday for her midnight dip in the chilly waters at the "slip." She kept
room in which lu>r rescuers brought her in the Sonoma House, and
lay tossing all day on an uneasy bed. racked by the uncertainty of the
outcome of the sensational case in which she plays a most conspicuous
She had no statement to make for publication. She had no desire to
publicly proclaim her faith in the man she professed has always been the
best of husbands. She would neither affirm her belief in his innocence
nor deny the damaging charges brought against him. She had no theo
ries as to the motives that actuated the fire fiend, and would point the
finger of suspicion at no one.
"I have nothing to say." she repeated over and over again, each time
lupplementing her statement with a piteous sob and the information that
■was m<i<- i I a question than an affirmation: "No one can say aught
against m<\ 1 have never harmed any one."
The alleged incendiary's wife is a very pretty woman. The lingering
touch of illnoss has lent a softening touch to the classic regularity of
features, framed in by a mass of dark brown hair, and the large, soulful
eyes have tho pained look of the repentant sinner or great sufferer.
The perilous position of her husband was fully appreciated by the
would-be suicide. "It is awful," she repeated over and over again. But,
.though offend the opportunity to publicly affirm her belief in his Inno
cence, she positively refused to make such a statement.
•'}{o has been a good husband always," she declared. "My health has
been poor, and he always took the best care of me. He has always been
kind to me. We have traveled about a great deal. Wo have been In
Africa, Australia, Honolulu, and for seven years in this country. Mr.
Young has never heretofore been accused of wrongdoing."
As to her attempt at suicide, Mrs. Young declares she remembers
nothing.
"My head is not clear yet," she explained. "I don t remember the fire.
I don't remember my attempted suicide. I don't know who could have
wanted to set fire to our place. I have no statement to make. No one
can say aught against me."
Mrs. Young's sister, who resides In Alameda, visited her yesterday
and took charge of the Young offspring, a little lad of two summers.
A\RS. HENRY YOUNG, Who Is Still Confined to Her Bed, Evades All
Questions Concerning the Fira and Furnishes a Pathetic Tale
of Her Physical Afflictions.
the Board of Supervisors, turned over $64
license fee to Martinelli and on the
strength of this transaction opened his
saloon. When the license was granted
Martinelli turned the money into the
county treasury; but if no license had
been granted Young would have been run
ning his saloon three months without pay
ing any license. In addition, as a license
dates from the time it is issued, the $64
wont for the first quarter, so Young ran
the saloon three months without paying
any license. An investigation showed this
a common practice.
Even Deputy Constable Fletcher, who
had the bout on Wednesday with Attor
ney Cochrane, has become involved in a
caso. On request of Coroner Eden a cita
tion was issued yesterday by Judge Angel
lotti, summoning Fletcher to appear in
court on Monday next and show cause
why he should not produce a gold watch
belonging to Charles Rudolph, a deceased
boatman, which Fletcher la alleged to
have in his possession.
Gorgeous Calendars for '99.
A splendid variety of calendars can
be seen at Cooper's. Their stock con
tains everything which is new from
both the local and Eastern houses and
embraces a number of designs that are
not to be had elsewhere. •
Kept, the Charges.
A warrant was sworn out yesterday In
Judge Mogan's court for the arrest of
Charles Yore, a messerfger in the employ
ment of the American District Telegraph
Company, on the charge of embezzlement.
He is accused of receiving 75 cents for
a message on December 5 and failing to
hand It over.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1898.
FOUND PLENTY
OF FRAUD, BUT
LAW IS LACKING
Grand Jury Lays Fail
ure to the Code.
ADJOURNED BY JUDGE BELCHER
REPORT DEALS LIGHTLY WITH
THE SCHOOL BOARD.
Recommends That Either the System
of Investigation Be Abolished
or Laws Amended to Make
Results Possible.
The Grand Jury met yesterday and
finally adjourned after presenting its re
port to Judge Belcher. The report proves
to be the most Interesting development of
the entire session. It makes frank confes
sion that nothing has been effected in
purging the municipal government of the
rottenness that so plainly exists, but the
jury finds its excuse in the limitations
i that are put upon it, and says so with no
soft language.
It deals at some length with the frauds
that were built into the new ferry build
inp, but it also says that it could find no
i law by which those who profited by them
I could be punished. It takes up the rank
I administration of the School Board, but
, again deplores the laxity of the code as
■an excuse and an explanation of the
' fact that, although over a month of time
i has been expended, together with hun-
I dreds of dollars, no indictments have been
found nor even censure given.
The report takes up the inheritance tax
at length, and the injustice that is done
the County Clerk's office under the pres
ent system of its collection. The tax un
der the present law is paid directly into
I the treasury and no credit for it is al
lowed the County Clerk. The jury recom
mends that the law be so amended that
all inheritance taxes shall be paid first
into the office of the County Clerk and
I there recorded and passed on finally to
! the Treasurer. In this way the Clerk
will be given full credit and the operation
■ of the law greatly expedited.
Touching on the Hall of Justice and the
interminable delays that have character-
I ized its construction the report says:
Our attention waa called by your Honor to
the unwarranted and unnecessary delays in the
completion of the Hall of Justice. We beg
to report that we thoroughly Investigated that
mnttrr and found all the complaints for un
warranted and unnecessary delay perfectly
Justified, but we were powerless to act, tor the
power to grant extension of time rests entirely
I with the Hoard of Supervisors, who notwith
! standing the protests of this Grand Jury
granted such extensions.
The peculations of Peter McGlade and
ci> ers of his ilk the jury attributes to the
laxity of the linancial plans of the differ
ent heads of departments and to the long
raci..g seiscn. It suggests that the de
partmenta arrange a plan between them
selves that will make impossible the «iie
eccsful vnrkirrj ot such forgeries as those
perpetrated by McGlade, and that the
Board of Supervisors abolish all horse
racing where betting is done.
Referring to the inefficiency of the co.ie
if relation to Grand Jury investigations
tho 1 fport stys
The Grand Jury respectfully recommends
that the coming legislature, or the Code Com
mission now In session, take up this matter
and either amend the code so that crimes
against the municipality by municipal officers
can be reached ami made punishable through
the Grand Jury or abolish the Grand Jury sys
tem, for as it Is now the Grand Jury Is con
demned by the public for failing to do that
which it is powerless to do, no matter how
anxious or how willing, and Is held in mock
fry and contempt by those who should fear it
most. AH the power this body has Is to cover
such Individual cases as can be reached ju6t
as well by a properly conducted Police Court.
Over Its failure to unearth the things
that have been done by the Board of Ed
ucation the report glides gracefully,
avoiding specific statement and dealing
only in glittering generalities. In this
connection it says:
Your Honor will note the absence of any
specific report from the Committee on the
Board of Education and Public Schools. That
department, through the untiring energy and
fidelity of Its chairman, Samuel C. Irving, has
been so thoroughly investigated and inspected,
and the results so publicly and generally com
municated to the public, that a special report
Is deemed unnecessary, particularly as it
would be very lengthy and more guarded than
the Grand 1 Jury would like to make It and yet
be anywhere near correct or as drastic as It
should be.
Ihe jury's report was read to Judara
Belcher by Chairman Hecht, and upon
finishing it he asked the court's permis
sion to adjourn the body and make roo:h
lor ils successor.
Judge Helcher gave his permission !n a
gracious speech in which he highly com
plimented the individual members of the
jury for their faithfulness and hard work.
He regretted that practically nothing had
come out of its session, but said that he
fully appreciated the disadvantages and
limHations they had had to combat. How
ever, they had done all that they could,
and it was his privilege to declare them
adjourned.
A Splendid Display.
In accordance with a yearly custom the
Bay City Market devoted last evening to
a reception of the public to view their
magnificent display of holiday meats. A
vast throng were attracted by the bril
liantly Illuminated market and Its holi
day dress. •
Read the first Christmas spent in
Death Valley, by a woman survivor
of the awful trip, in next Sunday's
Call
BEAU BRUMMEL OF MINSTRELSY.
Head of a Magnificent Aggregation of Burnt-
Cork Artists.
WILLIAM H. WEST.
WILLIAM H. WEST, who has been variously styled the Lord Ches
terfield, Beau Brummel and Chauncey Depew of the minstrel
sta?e, has organized an aggregation of burnt cork artists that is
destined to eclipse any ambitious effort ever attempted in that line
! of popular amusement.
{ Mr. West's reputation is world wide and his name alone is sufficient
I recommendation for any show with which he is associated. He has been
i in the minstrel business for thirty years and had Primrose for a partner
i for exactly twenty-seven years and twenty-one days. The advanced Ideas .
! of Mr. West caused a dissolution in the firm which was originally Barlow,
i Wilson, Primrose and West, and by reductions came to be Thatcher, Prim
\ rose and West, then Primrose and West, until finally the name of West
! alone now figures at the head of the magnificent enterprise. When seen
; yesterday in his apartments at the Palace Hotel Mr. West modestly de-
I clined to make any special claims of superiority for his present company.
i "The present minstrel company which I am directing," he said, "was
! organized at my home in Bensonhurst, on Long Island, on August 12 of
; this year. We began our season in Brooklyn and played a five weeks' en
! gagement in New York City. We have been eminently successful every
i where, but I am particularly desirous of appearing in San Francisco, for
[ this city more than any other is fond of a good minstrel performance,
I and I am sure it will find its expectations realized In the present Instance.
! I have gathered together the best talent I could find. I have made the
; singing a special feature— this is something that minstrelsy has lacked
! for fifteen years. Such artists as Richard Jose, whose taking of twenty
one high C's in four minutes and twelve seconds while singing the 'Aye
Maria' from 'Oaveileria Rusticana' and eighteen more for an encore
stamp his performance as simply marvelous. Clement Stewart, the tenor,
has a London reputation and is sure to please. For comedians I have,
among others, Carroll Johnson, the prince of black face artists, and Tom
Lewis, a protege of the late Luke Schoolcraft, and a corpulent wit. In
this presentation I have evolved something that will please the eye as
well as the ear, and the result will be a continuation of surprises. My
ideas on minstrelsy are what I might term lucky thoughts, but I am
happy to state that they have always met with a fair measure of success.
We carry all our own scenery and an orchestra of fourteen under the
direction of Professor Robert Carmichael. In the olio we present Tro
vollo. a ventriloquist, who works »ith the novelty of lifelike figures, who
walk about the stage, and Freese orothers, who swing no less than thirty
two tambourines jointly at the same time. A special feature will be a
spectacular representation of the crew of the battle-ship Maine, with
! your humble servant as Captain Sigsbee. These spectacles have been my
! specialty for years and I am sure will appeal to the patriotism as well
as the sense of enjoyment of the audience."
FORESTERS GIVE A BANQUET.
Court Robin Hood, Foresters of
America, Celebrates Its Twenty-
Fourth Anniversary.
Court Robin Hood of the Order of For
esters of America held its twenty-fourth
anniversary banquet last night in the
Central Dining Rooms, but previous to
going there the court and Its friends, in
all about 200, more than one-half being
of the fair sex, enjoyed a /lance In the
Social Hall of the Alcazar.
After disposing of a choice menu, Henry
Meyer, the toastmaster, offered the set
toasts. Herman Kohn. the court dep
uty, responded to "The Foresters of
America"; Dr. Adams, the court physi
cian, responded to "Our Country"; F. A.
Miller to "Court Robin Hood," and F. B.
Evans to "The Ladles. " There were a
number of volunteer toasts and a violin
solo by Henry E. Meyer. During 1 the
evening Professor Weisel's orchestra fur
nished popular music. The following com
mittee had charge of the affair: Thomas
©© © ©©©©©© © © © © © ®®®®©®®®®®®® ®® ® ®
• .ALASKA SEALSKINS I
% JsH> ADVANCED THIRTY PER CENT 1
® Mmm AT THE SALES HELD IN LON- ®
® flPr DON TWO DAYS AGO. THESE %
% Jst SALES CONTROL THE PRICES ®
® fifflgjffi^ 0F FURS THE WORLD OVER, |
i « "■ liebes & COMPANY i
I ii»^ I) - ; ARE- NOT AFFECTED BY THE 1
® ' im^MW RISE, HAVING SECURED A ®
® IM .yV' LARGE AND WELL-SELECTED ®
© STOCK in anticipation of the change in the market. ©
® We can fortunately give you the benefit of old rates. ®
® Handsome Alaska Sealskin Jackets, $150. |
® NOTE OUR SPECIAL INDUCEMENTS IN NECK SCARFS. ®
@ River Mink ;.. $1.00 Canada Marten, curved tie, @
©River Mink, horseshoe" 5 tails ...*......... $4.50 ®
® shape $2 00 Canada Marten, horseshoe ®
® D i^ m"." ****"*•* •••■•52.00 shape, 8 tails . -..-■"'■ $7 50 ©
® Rock- Marten, CUrved tie, Black Opossum, •.•.....•>?/. jw ®
© ■ _ .. \- Black Opossum, curved tie, ®
© 5 tails $2.50 : 5itai15..,....V..; .$3 00
® Rock Marten, horseshoe Black Opossum, horseshoe ©
I shape, 10 tai15........ $4.50 ' ; shape, 10 tails ...... .$5.00 %
@ Fall assortment of Scarfs In Mink, Black Marten, Stone Mar- %
® ten, Sable and all the fashionable furs. ®
® The largest and most complete assortment of FUR CAPES and ®
] ® COLLARETTES ever shown in this city - $6.00 Upward ®
® RT STORE OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL CHRISTMAS. ®
% H. LIEBES <* COMPANY •
w ■ INCORPORATED, ' ®
| .«'. CATALOGUE. BEAUTIFULLiT inn 1O T nACT r W ®
® ILLUSTRATED. FREE. IOO"lO i HUo 1 Ol» ®|
©®©©'©®©®®®®©©©® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ©
Osbourn, P. C. R.; Henry Meyer, Peter
Shearman, B. C. R. ; E. J. P O'Riley P
C. R.; Bliss N. Davis, J. W.; Alexander
D. Coutts, John Jachens and J. C. Shil
ling, S. W,
Xellini's Fate Undecided.
The jury in the case of Tomasso Kel
linl, charged with the murder of Mary-
Spain, went out yesterday afternoon
shortly before 5 o'clock to deliberate on
a verdict. As they did not agree on the
first ballot, Judge Wallace ordered them
locked up for the night. It is under
stood that, although all are convinced
that Kellini committed the murder, they
are at variance as to the degree of mur
der of which he should be convicted.
Soldiers Must Pay Duty.
The Secretary of the Treasury yester
day notified Customs Collector Jackson
that the bagrgrage of army officers and pri
vate soldiers returning to the United
States on Government transports must
be searched for dutiable articles and that
duty must be paid on the same.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _^
NEVER HAS ANYTHING BEEN SO HIGHLY AND SO JUSTLY PRAISED AS
MARIANI WINE, the FAMOUS TONIC for BODY, NERVES and BRAIN,
Braces Body and Brain.
MARIANI WINE gives]
power to the brain, strength and j
elasticity to the muscles, and]
richness to the blood. It is a]
promoter of good health and\
longevity.
( COUPON E— To those who will cut out and send this coupon to MARIANI & CO.. (
( £2 West 15th street, New York, will be sent. free, book containing portraits with _.- (
', indorsements of Emperors, Empress, Princes, Cardinals, Archbishops and other in.-' ' :: ' I
) teresting matter. IMHMfcT' • ' •'•' ' .- ■•■ • f
Yin Mariani Makes the Weak Strong.
Paris — Boulevard Haussmann; London— B3 Mortimer s tract; Montreal— 2B-S6 Hospital street.
J9[RT CALENDARS,
LEATHER GOODS
; *- AND OTHER --^ —>
r*»jgl)ristmas
227-229 POST ST. 215- 219 BUSH ST.
AMUSEMENTS.
v^ vjfwwi^ wvvv^^ j
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
SPECIAL!
The One Great Musical Event of
the Season !
THE WORLD'S MOST EMINENT PIANIST.
ROSENTHAL!
This Unrivaled Virtuoso of tho Piano Will
Appear Here in
THREE GRAND PERFORMANCES!;
Under the Direction ■ of HENRY WOLFSOHN,;
TUESDAY EVENING JANUARY 3
THURSDAY EVENING JANUARY ii
SATURDAY MATINEE... JANUARY 1
THE HIGHEST MUSICAL AUTHORITIES
. ON ROSENTHAL.
"Even Rubinstein had not such a mastery of
the piano." — New York Herald. , . • <
"Rosenthal is the wizard of the piano." — New
York Tribune. ■ ;
"Rosenthal aroused the great audience to an
extraordinary demonstration.'.' — New York
World. ;•
"Rosenthal Is so great that he can be com-
pared only to Liszt or Rubinstein." London
(England) Court Journal.
Sale of Seats for the Three Performances Will
Begin TUESDAY, December 27. at 9 a. m., at
Sherman. Clay & Co.'s Music Store, where
programmes can be secured.
PRICES ...'. *1, *2 and $3
. According to Location.
STEIN WAY PIANO USED.
THE RAPPO SISTERS,
RUSSIAN CHARACTER DANCERS.
THE 3 LUKINS, Acrobats.
■ GEORGE FULLER GOLDEN, New Stories,
Songs and Humor.
WESTON & HERBERT. Comedy Musical
Artists.
HORACE GOIvDIN. Illusionist. - -•
THE MERKELL SISTERS, Equilibrists.
JULIUS P. WITMARK, New Songs.
FRANK LA MONDUE, the Mute Comedian.
Last week of : AUL BATTY 1 S BEARS.
Reserved seats 25c, balcony 10c, opera chairs
and box seats 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
MOROSCO'S GRANDS
V alter Mokosco, Sole Lessee and ilanaget
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
COMMENCING MONDAY, DEC. 19, 1898,
•Revival of the old favorite,
UNCLE TOM'S
........ CA81N.........
LESLIE MOROSCO as Marks.
A WORLD'S RECORD.
During : MR. MOROSCO' managerial career
in this city he has given 5619 constcutlve per-
formances.
Popular prices, 10c, 25c and 50c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Mgr.
THIS EVENING,
A REGAL ■ TREAT! ;
A ROYAL SUCCESS!
OUR HOLIDAY SPECTACLE.
THE YELLOW DWARF,
Splendid Cast— Grand ' Ballets— Catchy Music.
Timely Topicals— Merry Skits. ;
A Delight for ' Young and Old.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2 P. M.
BRING THE CHILDREN.
Popular prices, 25 and 50 cents. N. B.— A re-
served seat for the Matinee, 25 cents. Our tel-
ephone. Bush 9. Secure your seats in advance.
■-.'*""%": v_-». «J . :' V^»»
- (INGLESIDE.)
HANDSOMEST RACETRACK IN AMERICA.
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
DECEMBER 12th TpECEMBER 26th.
MONDAY— CHRISTMAS HANDICAP.
Two Miles. 29 Entries. >' ">■■
Trains leave Third-street 6tation at 12:45 and
1:15 p. m. ■ . ' -
Round-trip tickets, 25 cents.
Electric cars on Mission and ' Kearny streets
every three minutes. .■•-. . , ,
• ADMISSION-ONE DOLLAR.
- S.N. ANDROUS. President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary. :-. ■ . ......
"D "D TT C XI I 7 O FOR BARBERS. OAK.
JDrLU OllJuD en - bootblacks, bath-
■~.~":,:£ "*.*».,. ; /r, houses. 1 billiard tables.
i brewers," bookbinders, candy- makers, < nners, *.
■ dyers,-' flounmlls, foundries, ' laundries, i paper-
■■ hangers, printers, painters, '■ choc . factortea>
•tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.. c
Brush Manufacturers,; 609 Sacrament* 35
MARIANI WINE is in-
valuable for overworked men,
delicate women and sickly
children. It soothes, strength-
ens and sustains the sy>
tern.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA^THEATER
LAST NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
HOYT'S Greatest Farce Triumph, »
A Parlor Match
• A Hit of Mastodonlo Proportions. ,
EXTRA-Next Week
First Performance Monday Matinee.
W. li. WESrS BIG
MINSTREL JUBILEE.
The most refined, artistic minstrel organiza-
tion in the world. '< /
SEATS NOW READY.
CALIFORN]A_THfeATER.
LAST 2 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Popular Irish Comedian.
DANIEL SULLY
;' In the Comedy-Drama Success,
O'Brien, the Contractor
. EXTRA— NEXT SUHDAY.
8 Nights and 2 Matinees Only.
NANCE O'NEIL
And an Augmented Company.
First Four Nights MAPnA/
• And Monday Matinee, iTI/VviUIA-
Next Three Nights— "GUY MANNERINO."
Saturday Matinee— "lNGOMAß."
Sunday Night— "OLIVER TWIST." '
Seats at Box Office and Emporium. "
AT PA7An BEATS BTPHOICB
AJUV^AXAK Main 254.
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
FAMILY MATINEE TO-MORROW
MR. ROLAND REED'S
Merry, Breezy, Happy Comedy,
Humbug
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
Extra Matinee SUNDAY. Benefit Stare Chil-
dren. "FIRST BORN," by Juveniles.
Next Week— Christmas Mntlnee Monday—
' Hoyt's. "A MIDNIGHT BELL."
SEATS NOW READY.
GLEN PARK.
THE MISSION ZOO.
810 HOLIDAY PROGRAMME.
CHRISTMAS, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25TH,
BALLOON ASCENSION AND PARACHUTE}
, JUMP.
? CHARLES CONLON, jgbk
Champion Aeronaut WsSISI
of Pacific Coast. T^qT
Vaudeville Performance *»*
IN FREE AMPHITHEATER. . ,
Admission, • 10c. Children under 5 years free. •
Take San " Mateo electric cars they land ' you
at the entrance. Valencia, Mission and But-
ter street lines transfer.
CONCERTS AND ILESOBTtf.
COMEDY _THEATER.
OUR XMAS HOLIDAY GREETING.
The Ever Gay Hoyt's
"A BUNCH of KEYS"
BRIGHTER AND BETTER THAN EVER.
More Good Fun. More Good Laughs, Mora
Pretty Girls Than All Farce
: , Comedies Combined. ■■
Doll Matinee To-morrow (Saturday).
GRAND XMAS MATINEE SUNDAY."
PRlCES— Evening... 15e, 25c, 55c, : 80«
Matinee 5.........: ......15c and 25a
Holiday Matinee ~ Monday, December IS,
"ROMANCE OF COON HOLLOW." .
SEATS NOW SELLING. ■
f^IERCES
%md? FAVORITE
ASCRIPTION
Ml FOR weak women.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlslne and specific tonlo
for the sexual and :< urinary organs of botli }
> sexes, ' and ' a . great remedy for diseases of the ■
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
523 . Market street. -8. F.— (Send for Circular.)
W/.T.HESS,
KOTAKT PUBLIC AND ATTOKNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth - Floor, Room 1015, Claus SpreckeU Bid*.
' . • • Telephone Brown 83L >>\ -
Residence, 821 . California St., betov Foir«t\
Ban Francisco. .
78
WOULDN'T TAKE
A BIG BRIBE
Mayor Malster of Balti
more Refuses to Stay
Out of the Fight.
NEW YORK, Dpo. 22.— A Ealt'more, McL, special to the Herald
says: When Mayor William T. Malster announced himself as a can
didate for re-election at the meeting of the Columbian Club on
Tuesday night, he also made th»* statement that he had been of
fered 1260,000 to g^t out of the fight— l2oo.ooo in stock and $50,000 in
(.ash.
Mr. Malster refused to say whence the offer came, but it is
hinted that it came from a corporation which has been taking a lively
3t in Maryland politics lately, fighting Mr. Gorman at every
The Mayor said he scorned the proposition, adding that he
would not sell out the humblest of his supporters, be the offer what it
may.
The matter has created a sensation in this city. The Colum
bian Club is a strong Republican organization, made up of Malsu-r's
followers. Th<- Btatemi nt was made at a meeting when every ward
in the city was represented. The Republicans of Baltimore are
divided into two faction?, one of which is the Columbian Club and
the other bring- the Union League Club, otherwise known as the Or
ganization Contingent. The latter has the backing of Senators
Wellington and McComaa and tho Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.
The pn Bld< :.t of the club is William F. Stone, Collector of the Port.
The man who made public the episode of Tuesday night was
9t< phen 11. Mason, Registrar of Wills for Baltimore, and chairman of
the Republican City Committee. He is a firm . jpporter of Mayor
Malster.
COLLIER ABARENDA
GOES TO SAMOA
President to Prepare for
Emergencies.
COAL PILE FOR PAGO-PAGO
MAY MEAN A WARSHIP IS TO
FOLLOW.
The Vessel Will Leave San Francisco
and Carry Down a Shed in
Which to Store the
Coal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW FORK, Dec. 22.— A Washington
il to the Herald says: Secretary
Long has given orders to Lieutenant
Commander M. B. Buford, command
ins the collier Abarenda, directing him
epare hie ship for a cruise to the
an Islands. Jt is proposed to em
ploy the Abarf-nda for thf double pur
of carrying a large cargo of coal
i" Pago-Pago, where a coaling station
is to be established and for showing
American Hag in those waters. It
may be that the department will de
termlne to order a man-of-war to Sa
moa now that there is a prospect of
securing coal upon her arrival.
Under the direction of Commander R. I
B. Bradford, chief of the bureau of
equipment, and Civil Engineer M. T. i
Endicott, chief of the bureau of yards
and <locks, plans have been prepared
and cunt: acts awarded for the con
tion in sections in this country of
I Bhed and pier and they are • x-
I i" be ready for shipment i
month. Accompanying them from San
Francisco will be Civil Engineer Cham
who will superintend their con-
Btruction.
The Abarenda will be able tr> carry
igo-Pago something like 3800 tons
of coal.
It is the policy of the administration
prepared for any trouble in the
south sea islands and the existence of
1 pile at Pago-Pago will enable the
President to send men-of-war to Apia
should developments In th> j controversy
rains; a King for th* 3 islands pro
trouble.
RECOUNTOF VOTES FOR
CONTESTED OFFICES
Good Government League of San Jose
Confident of Unearthing
Frauds.
SAX JOSE, Dec. 22.— A recount of the
of Sheriff, Treasurer
and City Just! mmc i to-day be
fore Judges Hyland and Klttredge, sit
ting in Sank. These are contests inaug
■ i by tlif Good Government I^eague.
( ontested are: R. J.
Langford a- Sheriff, with a majority of
]-f4 over James ii. Lyndon; J. A. Lots as
• ■ with a majority "f 2 over '"
"\v. Conant, and J. W. Gass as city jus
tice, who beat W. T. Aggeler -t votes.
Most of thf <i;iy was taken up in argu
ment. Attorneys for the contestants pre
i an amendmeni to the petition ask
ing thai Guadeloupe Precinct be thrown
twlng to irregularities. It wns dc
;•' count the vote of tliis city tirst.
At the hour of adjournment only the Kirsi
Preelnd ol San Jus.' had been counted,
: City Justice— Gass 71,
Aggeler 77: Sheriff— Lyndon 7t. Langford
52; Treasurer— Conant 80, l.otz ~<k Ten
disputed ballots w< re laid aside t<< be de
clared later. Good Government attor
iuim that when thes'- are counted
Conant, Lyndon and Aggeler will
have gained one. Jt was nol exp<
any great frauds would be unearthed in
this precinct, and the <lood Government
; still confident of winning all
t
♦
Plucky Miner Accidentally Shot.
STOCKTON, Dec 22. Griffiths Ken
nedy, a mining superintendent from
Angels Camp, accidentally dropped a 44
vulver from his pocket to-day
near the Southern depot, Jual after ar
riving on the noon train. The weapon
v, a.- discharged and the bullet passed
through his right leg, entering at the
itnkie and emerging from the fleshy Dart
■ leg under the knee. He retraced
his atepa to the depot unassisted and con
tain, -d on to uroviile on the l;os train
refusing medical aid. He declined to give
his name or residence, though it wa a
learned from other parties who knew
him.
Survey Steamer for Porto Bico.
UL.TIMORE, Dee. 22.— The coast and
mer Blake left Balti
more to-day fur Porto Rican waters. Her
departure marKs the beginning of work
by this Government in the new posses
sions, this bring the first expedition sent
to any <.t' these islands for the purpose
of making surveys.
Read the first Christmas spent in
Death Valley, by a woman survivor
of the awful trip, in next Sunday's
Call.
THE BADGER GAME
WORKED AGAIN
Troubles of an Oregon
Young Woman.
SETS ALL NEW YORK TALKING
DENIES THAT SHE WAS ANY
PARTY TO THE PLOT.
Police of the Metropolis Think They
Have Made Out a Strong
Case, Neverthe
less.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 22.-The takintr of
evidence in the case of Fayne Strahan
Moore, accused of robbery in the first
degree, was resumed to-day before Re
corder Goff. Three witnesses cave
I testimony confirming that of Martin
Mahon, the alleged victim of th~ bad
game. Then .Mis. Fannie E. John
808, Who liv.-s in West Fif ly-s-venth
street, where it is alleged Mahon took
Mrs. Moore, paid she kn.>vv Mahon and
also the defendant, but did not know J
William E. Moore. She testified that |
plie had asked Fayne Moore in the !
Tombs why she did not turn State's I
evidence. Mrs. Johnson broke down at
this point and shed many tears. In
reply to a question she said Fayne •
Moore said she would not turn State's
evidence because she was afraid Moore
would kill her. The rest of her tes
timony was given up to answering
questions more or less irrelevant to
the case, and then a waiter from the
M< tropole, who served dinner to Mr.
Mahon and the alleged Mrs. Moore,
was put on the stand.
This end»-d th" case for the prosecu
tion and Mr. Levy, the attorney for the !
ise, moved for a dismissal of the,
complaint on the ground that the!
prosecution had failed to establish its
case. The motion was denied.
Annie Fitzgerald, matron of the City
Prison, was called as the next witness !
for the defense. She denied having
heard Mrs. Johnson advise Mrs. Moore;
to turn State's evidence, and also de- '
nied other parts of Mrs. Johnson's
evidence. At this puint the court ad
journed.
Later in the evening the court was
again called to order and t it- tim^ was
1 devoted to the continued testimony of
Mrs. Fitzgerald. After her came Rev.
< »gd»-n Jlomas, rector of St. .Matthew's
Protestant Episcopal church, in West
Eighty-fourth Btreet, wno testified that
<»ii April 4, 1887, he performed a mar
riage ceremony between William A. E
Moore and Fayne Strahan. He said
the defendant was the woman. Moore
was brought into court and Dr. Homas
identified him as the man.
Fayne Moore was then called to the
Man, i a nd examined by Mr. Hill. She
said that she was born on February 3
IOT. Her father was Judge of the Su
preme Court of Oregon when he died,
in July, 1887. She then removed to At
lanta. Ca., and came to New York in
the spring of L 88& She cam.- here, she
said, with tlie intention of completing
her musical studies. She went to Eu
rope, returning in July, 1596. She said
that .she lirst met Mahon in August,
!v»;, on the occasion of a musicale at
the Amsterdam Hotel. She said that
Mahon had, uninvited, called upon her
when Klie was living at Gramercy Park.
Mahon, Bhe said, told her he was a
married man, but was not living with
his wife.
He frequently took her carriage rid
ing and to the theater. She then went
to Atlanta, and, on returning, took a
room at Mrs. Johnson's house at
Million's suggestion. She said the last
time she had seen Mahon previous to
her marriage to Moore was in January,
1887, She told of her trips with Moore
in this country and abroad. She then
said that on the morning of November
4 she received a telephone message from
Mahon asking her to take cupper at
the Metro-pole. The rest of her testi
mony recounted the supper in the
rooms of the Grenoble, to which hotel !
they had later cone, and the one in
which Moore appeared and demanded
money from Mahon. She also spoke of
the scene between Moore and Detectives j
Cuff and McNaught. but denied know
ing that Mahon had given any money
to Moore. When asked by Mr. Hill if !
she knew of any scheme of Moore's to- i
extort money from Mahon. or whether j
she had entered into any conspiracy for I
the purpose, she answered emphatically
in the negative.
Mr. Hill then announced that the de
fense rested. Recorder Oofl announced
that the case would be continued to
morrow, when Mr. Mclntyre will cross
examine Fayne Moore.
EASILY EXPLAINED.
Goodness me! What do you think of a
young man of twenty-two declaring, taat
kissing games are wicked?" ■
"I think somebody has been taking ad
vantage of them to kiss the young man's
sweetheart."— lndianapolis Journal
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1898.
OPPOSES THE
VAST INCREASE
Minority Bill for Army
Reorganization.
FOR ONLY 30,000 REGULARS
PROVISION FOR VOLUNTEERS
FOR ALL EMERGENCIES.
A Big Standing Force Not Required,
Because the Future of New
Possessions Is in.
Doubt.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 22.— The bill
for the increase of the regular army,
which the minority of the House Com
mittee on Military Affairs -will o-ffer as
a substitute for the Hull bill, was
drawn up by Representative Hay of
Virginia and is now in the hands of the
War Department, where an estimate is
being made of the cost of such a mili
tary establishment as it suggests. The
bill, as drawn, provides for a standing
army of 30,000 men, 12,000 artillery, 8000
infantry, 6000 cavalry, and engineer,
ordnance and signal corns and general
staff. To meet the existing exigency
for troops in Porto Rico, Cuba, the
Philippines, Hawaii and the Ladrones
the bill provides that the President may
issue his proclamation for 50,000 addi
tional volunteer troops, to be enlisted
fur two years. These latter troops are
to be commanded by officers appointed
by the President. The organization is
to be the same as in the regular army,
the strength of the different arms of
the service to be determined by the
President. The present volunteers are
to be mustered out within sixty days
after the passage of the act, but volun- :
teer organizations not in the service
shall be given preference for enlistment ]
in the new volunteer army, if they so j
elect within fifteen days. The bill pro- !
vides that no- regular army officer who
waa in the army prior to the war with ]
Spain shall be mustered out of the ser- j
vice.
Mr. Hay will file the bill and the mi
nority report on the Hull bill to-mor
row with the clerk of the House. The
main contention the report will make
for the minority plan as against the
Hull bill for a standing army of 100,000
men is that the future of the Philip
pines and Cuba is yet undetermined,
but that, if the standing army is in
creased to 100,000, it will be almost Im
possible, no matter what may happen
in the future, to reduce it. The report
will say that a standing army of 100,000
men will cost the people of the United
States $15,000,000. This, added to the
$145,000,000 for pensions, will bring the
cost of the military establishment up to
$310,000,000, the largest charge in the
world for a military establishment.
The naval establishment would bring
the total up many millions more. Mr.
Hay estimates that a standing army of
30.000, with 50.000 additional volunteers,
would cost $100,000,(V)0, but this charge
might continue only for two years. The
creation of a volunteer force for tempo
rary purposes would always keep it
within the power of Congress to ad
just the strength of that force to the
existing condition.
AN IMPORTANT
WINE TRANSACTION
C. A. BUCKLEY OF LIVERMORE
SELLS HIS STOCK.
This Will Bring About the Fixing of
Settled Prices for the
Vintage.
C. A. Buckley of Liivermore has sold his
1597 and 1898 wines tp Chevallier &■ Co.
for prompt delivery, at 13>4 cents for rod
and 17 cents for white wines. The cellar
contains about 175,000 gallons of red wines
and about 22.000 gallons of white wines.
Part of the white wine had been already
contracted for at 20 cents per gallon, and
will be reserved from the sale.
Those winemakers who were in opposi
tion to the Dealers' Association have
heretofore paid growers a certain amount
In cash, generally $5 per ton. but in Liv
ermore $7, with an agreement to pay
thereafter $1 per tun extra for every cent
a gallon that the wine was valued at.
It was expected that the corporation
would lix the values on which settlements
should be made in September last, but
this has never been done.
It is said the manager himself was a
large debtor to grape growers, and that
it proved more convenient to his inter
ests to have the question open for private
When the Ij ! ver more men demanded a
valuation he threatened, it is said to fix
the Price at $8 for black grapes and $11
for white grapes, but advised them to
make a settlement quietly. This advice
was generally acted upon, to the disad
vantage of the grape sellers, inasmuch
as the white wine had sold at from 11 to
lo cents per gallon.
In Sonoma County the wine-makers of
tli.- corporation paid 16 in cash with the
paid $12 a cas P h.° miSe> and the mde P end en"l
They were quick to see the nrobable
effects i of the forthcoming short crop of
.'B, and made arrangements to settle with
the grape-growers for the '97 vintage on
a%^Wnlw WW errSc r rS> n ' WHleOirerl^ the °
The Livennore growers were not so eas
ily caught. Some sett on the basis of
the *< already paid for black grapes, with
$.' additional, for white grapes, Others
held out on the ground that the wines
had not been sold, and that the corpora
tion had not declared the prices. In this
extremity Mr. Buckley came to the front
as a benefactor.
It la understood that an effort will be
made to induce the growers to settle on
the basis of $9 for black grapes and $ii
for white grapes, but this is not likely to
tickle their fancy, since Mr. Buckley <
has given out to the dealers that the cor '
poration has for the first time since it
promised to do so fixed the market price
for wines at $13 25 for red wines and $18
for white wines. !
The growers will no doubt insist upon
their rights, especially as they say the i
wine-maker suffers no loss under his pres- '
ent contract of sale. 1
Baron yon Schroeder's Barn.
Baron yon Schroeder has brought suit
in the United States Circtfit Court against
Mrs. M. B. Brlttan to recover $2000 dam
ages, alleged to have been sustained by
a warehouse In this city belonging to the
defendant bulging into the wall of his
warehouse, which it adjoins. Mrs. Brit
tan contends that the damage, if any
cannot exceed $1000. and that therefore
the Circuit Court has no jurisdiction in
the matter. The point was submitted to
Judge Morrow yesterday on argument
iT.ivrsTßiors barbers.
William Winstanley, to whom we are in
debted for the "Lives of the English
Poets," began his career by soaping faces
Farr, who introduced coffee into England-
Dr. John Taylor, whose eloquent voice so
often sounded in St. Paul's; Jean Baptiste
Belzoni, giant and explorer; James
Craggs. secretary of the South Sea Bub
ble; Mr. Herbert Ingram of the Illus
trated London News; Allan Ramsay the
"Gentle Shepherd"; Lord Chancellor Sug
flen, Lord Tenterden, Jeremy Taylor Bi
zet, the composer of the opera "Carmen "
were born and bred and were trained in
barbers' shops.— Notes and Queries.
GREAT BRITAIN .
WILL GIVE WAY
Clayton-Bulwer Treaty
Doomed.
YIELDS RIGHTS TO AMERICA
PAUNCEFOTE TO MOVE ABRO
GATION OF CONVENTION.
Why England Has Yielded After In
sisting Upon Old Rights for
Nearly Fifty
Years.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 22.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald sends
the following: All danger of further
frk-tion between the United States and
■ Great Britain over the construction of
i the Nicaragua cana,l will shortly be re
> moved by the abrogation of the Clay
; ton-Bulwer treaty.
I am in a position to state authori
tatively that Sir Julian Pauncefote,
i British Embassador, has received or
will receive within the next few days
' positive instructions tv enter upon ne
gotiations with Secretary Hay for the
, abrogation of the convention referred
| to and the preparation of a new treaty
guaranteeing the neutrality of the
I canal.
This change in the attitude af the
British Government from its old posi
tion of insisting upon having a voice
in the construction of the proposed
canal is the result of representations
made to- Lord Salisbury by Henry
White, Charge d' Affaires of this Gov
ernment in London.
lt is the understanding of those who
are aware of the change in the atti
; tude of the British Government that
; Lord Salisbury will suggest, through
Sir Julian, the advisability of the
United States granting some conces
sions to his Government in return for
the relinquishment of the important
rights possessed by Great Britain in the
matter of the canal across the isthmus,
which for nearly fifty years have been
recognized by this Government in the
treaty negotiated by John M. Claytc-n
on the part of the United States and
Lord Henry Lytton-Bulwer on the part
of the British Government. Just what
concessions will be asked are ni/t
known, nor will they be until full and
final instructions have been received by
Sir Julian and communicated to Secre
tary Hay. It has been believed for
some time past by administration offi
cials that the Salisbury Government j
would lend a willing ear to any repre- j
sentations the President might desire |
to make looking to the modification of I
the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, but careful I
consideration of the subject Induced
the administration to give instructions
to -Mr. White to press Lord Salisbury I
to authorize Sir Julian to negotiate for
its abn/gation.
Immediately upon their receipt Mr.
White communicated with Lord Salis
bury, who was at his country residence,
Hatneld House, Herefordshire, and re
ceived an invitation to visit him there.
The invitation was accepted and on
Tuesday the American Charge d'Affaires
called upon Lord Salisbury and only
returned to London to-day, bringing
him, I am told here, the promise
or the British Premier that negotia
tions should immediately be begun for
the abrogation of the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty.
The abrogation of the Clayton-Bul
w-r treaty will mean that the United
States as a government will be em
powered to construct the Nicaragua
canal if it sees fit to take such action.
Jt is expected Great Britain will de
sire that the United States shall de
clare the neutrality of the canal and
permit its use by vessels of all nations
On an equality with its own, and will
permit her men-of-war to be exempted
| from blockade detention or capture
; while traversing the osnal in case of
war with this country.
Hut the main, important end for
Which the administration is working is
: tht- abrugatiun oi' article I, which for
bids the United States as a govern
ment to construct the canal.
It is believed hei*e that the effect upon
the international situation of Great
Britain's determination to abrogate the
treaty will be very marked and will
show Europe more clearly the extent of
the friendly relations which exist to
day between the United States and
Great Britain. In fact, it is regarded
in diplomatic circles here as another
genuine token of good will freely given
by the British Government to the
United States and will undoubtedly be
so looked upon in Europe.
CHAMBLISS WANTS
MONEY AND DAMAGES
SUES WALTEB N. BRUNT FOB
BREACH OF CONTRACT.
Proceedings Probably Caused by a
Complication Over the Printing
of "Society as I Found It."
William H. Chambliss, the once diadem
of San Francisco's little social world,
wauls his money back and damages, too.
ll< has sued Walter N. Brunt to recover
i->l money ]>ui<l out and $5000 damages
for certain conditions surrounding the
paying out of the $2SI.
Borne time ago Chambliss gratified the
world of letters and overjoyed society by
grinding out a volume with a title some
thing like "Society as 1 Found It." It
was over the printing of this volume, it
is .-aid, but it may be another master
piece that led up to the present legal con
troversy which was launched yesterday
by th'- tiling of Chambliss' complaint.
Chamblisa alleges as a cause of action
that Brunt agreed to have 1000 copies of
the work really for distribution one
month after certain half tones and manu
script were furnished him. The material
was furnished, Chambliss alleges, but,
contrary io contract, Brunt failed to print
the 1000 copies as agreed.
Chambliss demanded his money back,
but didn't get it. Then he went after
the manuscript with lik»; result, so he has
appealed to the court to force the return
oi the money, and to compel Brunt to
pay him an amount he believes sufficient
to compensate him for the loss of his
written thoughts of the smart set, or
something else, which is vulgarly termed
manuscript.
Five thousand dollars, he believes, is j
sufficient compensation.
■ ♦ ■
Weaver Is Still Fighting.
Philip 1... Weaver, who several years
ago, was removed as superintendent of
the Almshouse, although once defeated j
in his effort to remove his successor, Pat- j
rick Keddy, has been granted leave by I
Judge Hunt to amend his petition for re
instatement that the matter may again
be heard and finally adjudicated. Al
though Judge Hunt stated in hfs opin
ion that the writ applied for could not be
issued, as the matter was practically de
cided against Weaver in a proceeding in-
Btltuted by him in Department 1 of the
Superior Court, still he would permit an
amendment of the petition and another
hearing. i
EXTENSION IS
DULY OPPOSED
French Government Will
Not Be Permitted to
Crowd Americans.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 22.— The Washington correspondent of the
Herald telegraphs: Acting Secretary of State Hill has received a dis
patch from Minister Conger, stationed at Peking, that the French
Government has requested an extension of its boundaries in the for
eign settlement at Shanghai. The matter is therefore under consid
eration at the State Department, but it is positively denied that any
protest has been submitted to the Chinese Government by the Amer
ican Minister, as stated in press dispatches from Peking.
From what I have been able to learn regarding the matter the
French are desirous of extending their boundaries into the American
concession. The line they propose, if authorized by the Chinese Gov
ernment, will result in the placing of several American merchants
and others under French jurisdiction, and the authorities here do not
intend to permit American interests to suffer in this manner. No rep
resentations will be made to the French Government direct, but it is
expected the position of this Government will be communicated to
Peking, and from that point the French authorities will learn of the
objection of the United States to the extension it desires.
THE STANDARD OIL
BURNED ITS BOOKS
Men Who Did the Work
Tell Tales.
ROCKEFELLER OUT OF SIGHT
SERIOUS TBOUBLE FOR THE BIG
TRUST.
Still There Is One Employe Who
Says That No Books of Value
Wers Destroyed by the
Company.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Dec. 22.— The
taking of depositions by Attorney Gen
eral Monnett in the attempt to prove
that the Standard Oil Company had de
| stroyed a lot of its books and papers a
{ few days before the Supreme Court or
| dered them produced as evidence in the
{ investigation of the Standard Oil Com
i pany, was resumed to-day.
John McNierney testified that he had
i been in the employ of the Standard Oil
Company for over two years.
McNierney said that on Saturday
morning, November 19, he was ordered
to burn a lot of the Standard Oil Com
pany's books. He burned them at about
8 o'clock in the furnace of the shops.
Later in the day he said he was ordered
to go to the Euclid-avenue offices and
to get some boxes. The boxes were
taken down from the fifth floor in the
elevator, but some one objected to them
being taken out of the front door.
Thereupon they were taken back to the
fifth floor.
McNierney said that he remained
around the Euclid-avenue office until 5
o'clock that afternoon and then the
i boxes were lowered by a rope and
tackle from one of the windows. He
was assisted by four other employes of
the company. The boxes were taken to
the company's warehouse. They re
mained there until Monday.
The witness said that about 10 o'clock
Monday morning he and a man named
Moran took the books out of the boxes
and burned them in the furnaces. There
were nine boxes of books and six sacks
of papers. Some of the books were about
twenty inches high and others were
much smaller. McNierney said that the
books that were burned on Saturday
morning were taken from the Euclid
avenue office Friday night. He received
his orders to get the boxes from George
Fields, the carshop foreman.
On cross-examination McNierney said
that he and Moran burned the books
that were destroyed Saturday morning.
Moran helped open the boxes and took
out the books and burned them. On
Monday Fields gave him orders to go to
the warehouse and get the boxes and to
take them to the furnaces.
At 4 o'clock the taking of testimony
before Notary Mason was resumed.
Charles C. Hogan, a foreman in the em
ploy of the Standard Oil Company, was
the only witness examined. He has
been in the employ of the company for
twenty-one years. He said he gave or
ders, in accordance with instructions,
to George Fields, to burn the accounts
and books in the boxes hauled from the
offices of the company to the Independ
ent-street warehouse. The boxes, he !
declared, contained a miscellaneous col
lection of papers and a few books which
might have been letter-press books,
stock books or order copybooks. He
declared positively that no ledgers or
journals were burned. The burning of
this material, he said, was of no con
sequence and was according to custom.
In July, 1896, he said, a lot of similar
material was burned and in 1898 more
accounts and books were destroyed.
This last time a number of account
books were burned. Hogan said he had
been requested to look at the books be
ADVERTISEMENTS.
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ + + + 4. + +
AWAY WITH DRUGS!:
Here Is a Grand Remedy Which >
'■f^^o^y^^t Has Earned the Praise *
f f(^m^^^M^h of the- Nation. t
ILii^^^^^^kill ' Dl \ Sanden's Electric Belt is a *
18S>v - J&ZM h! 1 ? Ple r emed >'- Giving the life ♦
Wm^^^^^^^^ "gor to^he^bod BiVeS fresh t
IT CURES WHEN* DRUGS FAIL. $
Drugging is a habit: Stop it. Let nature restore ■'***■*„ . ' +
stomach, liver, kidneys and nerves. Dr Sanden's Belt w,?i 7 S V° , T I
for either sex. free. If possible, call and tlst the bek free of° charge?^ +
DR. A. X. SANDEN, *- :: — — — — — *, ♦
702 Market Street, Comer K«»ray, San Frwieisfle. NflT IN fIDIIO CTftDCC "♦"
Office hours, 8 a.m. to Bp. m.: Sundays. 10 "*" '" "Ql!" STORK> ; ♦
to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 232 West * Dr. Banden's ' Flwtri*. " tuh <*
Second street: ; Portland. > Or., 253 Washington / Is never sold in T drue stores —
street: Denver. _ Colo., 931 Sixteenth : street; . nor ,by traveling aSs- only " ♦
Dallas, Tex., ' 285 Main street; Butte. Mont., at our office. - a sent3, only - T
110 North Main street. .; '- . m -. ■--■ ■__ i •♦
fore destroying them and not burn anj
that were less than ten years old. He
saved a few that were less than ten
years old that had been set aside by
mistake.
The hearing before the notary will be
resumed to-morrow morning.
The regular Standard Oil inquiry, be
fore Special Master Commissioner
Brinsmade, was not taken up to-day
because Messrs. Rockefeller, Squire and
Severance, who were wanted to testify,
could not be found. Attorney General
Monnett desired to proceed with the
hearing and to subpena bookkeepers
and fcther employes for the Standard.
Attorney Kline, for the Standard, ob
jected and argued for more delay. Said
Mr. Monnett:
"We have been a year and two
months getting three days' testimony.
We have met with nothing but delays
and the State is ready to go on."
Mr. Kline stated that, to the best of
his knowledge, Secretary Squire would
return to Cleveland January 4. He said
Mr. Severance had been out of the city
for several months and he did not know
where Frank Rockefeller was. He fur
ther said that none of these gentlemen
had left the city to prevent service be
ing served on them.
After a debate of some length by the
attorneys Master Commissioner Brins
made ordered the investigation post
poned until January 4 at 10 a. m. In
his order he stated: "Notice of the pro
ceedings is hereby given the attorneys."
SAYS WE'VE OUTGROWN
THE CONSTITUTION
General Merritt Speaks at the An-
nual Dinner of the New Eng
land Society.
NEW YORK, Dec. 22.— Over 400 sons of
New England sat down to-night at the
ninety-third annual dinner of the New
England Society of New York City at the
Waldorf - Astoria. President Howland
presided, and above his chair was the seal
of the society, flanked on either side by
the American and English flags. The
guests included many men prominent in
public and private life, among them be
ing Brayton Ives, Elihu Root, J. P. Mor
gan, Joseph H. Choate, General Hamilton
S. Hawkins, General "William R. Shafter,
Governor Elisha Dyer of Rhode Island.
Admiral William T. Sampson, Governor
Theodore Roosevelt, General Joseph
Wheeler, General Wesley Merritt, former
Governor Roswell P. Flower, C. P. Hunt
ington and former Vice-President Levi
P. Morton.
"Forefathers' Day" was responded to
by Governor Dyer. Governor-elect Roose
velt was greeted with loud cheers when
he rose to respond to "The State of New
York." General Merritt. in the course ot
a short speech, said: "We have a great
work before us. What we have done and
what the administration has done has
been in the interests of the country. There
is a great deal that approaches us from
every side in the tropics. We can ex
tend our commerce there and we can ex
tend the trade of America, which is now
three-fourths of it limited to the tropics,
to an enormous extent. We have the
English feeling with us when we are in
the colonies of England. A great many
people have insisted that the constitu
tion forbade it. To these I have said, 'We
have outgrown the constitution. It is not
worth while to discuss it.' We are here
and we are here to stay.
"It is not worth while for me to ex
tend my remarks for the purpose of con
vincing you. gentlemen, that everything
is in our favor in the Far East. Our
trade with China, the Philippines, Japan
and all those things point to a result I
that we have to contemplate, that we
have to accept. We could not do less.
Admiral Dewey could not have withdrawn
his fleet from Manila Bay after he had
captured it on the Ist of May. The
army that was sent there could not with
draw and leave the Spaniards in com
mand. What may be the result I do not
care to prognosticate, but I am satisfied
that Americans will find a solution for
the matter, however difficult it may be "
General Shafter spoke on "The army,"
paying a warm tribute to the regular
army.
Poverty and Attempted Suicide.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 22.— Mrs. James Sut
cllff, aged 33, attempted to commit suicide
to-night by shooting herself twice in the
abdomen. . She is in a precarious condi
tion. Poverty is supposed to be the cause.
Still Another Use for a Hairpin.
Mrs. Ray. wife of City Clerk A W
Ray, says the Cincinnati Enquirer found
a dynamite cartridge on the dresser in
her son's room the other day and not
knowing what it was took a hairpin arid
picked it. The cartridge exploded and
three fingers were blown off one hand and
two off another. She was unconscious for
a short time, and when she recovered and
was asked what caused the explosion she
said it was a hairpin and a woman's curi
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A few short words and
picture-hints to help busy
minds decide.
Colonial comfort chair; has
tapestry panel on the back —
One of a dozen kinds.
It f ii I
Music cabinets.
The polish will match your
piano.
This one is $13.50— but
the front is curved, which
doesn't show in the picture.
Others for $6 50. Open-
face ones, you know. Rod
for curtain.
50 cents buys a pretty palm
stand. '
$1.50 buys a tabourette
two styles at that price.
$2.^0 buys a lamp pedes-
tal three stories high and
finely polished. -
$5.00 buys — well, no end
of pretty things.
Open Evenings.
California Furniture
Company
(N. P. COLE & CO.) Carpet.
1 1 1 23 Geary St MattW
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE f
Helvetia Swiss Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST :, GALL SWITZERLAND, ON" THB
v 81st day of December, A. D. 1597 and for
the year ending on that day. as made to th»
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
«a *:• Pursuant to the provisions of sections
810 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as ■
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $649,362 50
Cash in company's office 42 65
Cash In banks '..'.'.' 117,61*31
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans . 3,516 64
Premiums in due course of collection "3,139 40
Total assets.... $343,677 71
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $3,733 54
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense... 007 00
Losses resisted. including expenses.. 6,303 95
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $305,750 28;
reinsurance 50 per cent 151,575 14
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $50,761 12;
reinsurance pro rata ..: 10,563 74
Due and accrued for salaries, rents,
etc. - 19 «3
AH other demands against the com-
pany 30,027 86
Total liabilities... $251,530 S3
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Ore
premiums $346,046 94
Received for interest and dividends -.•
on bonds, stocks, loans and from '*- " \ •-:-
all other sources 22.73$ SS
Total Income $365,753 7}
; EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (in-
cluding $15,702 54, losses of previous
years) : $99.63 51
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage : :' 82,397 1*
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 2,625 W
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 4,913 15
All other payments and expendi-
tures 14,006
Total expenditures... $203,564 11
Losses Incurred during the year $120,263 77
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ- ~~
ten during the year.... $46,867,203 $456,581 15
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year. 31,500,088 318,371 19
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1897 36,055.649 356.511
ELIJAH R. KENNEDY.
Of Weed & Kennedy..
_ v - • United States Managers. •
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 234
day of February, 1898.
F. FISHBECK, Notary Public
SYZ Sc CO..
General Agents,
301 California Street.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Weekly Call $1.50 jer YearCHEAPER GAS
IN SAN JOSE
New Plant Soon to Be
in Operation.
CUT IN RATES TO FOLLOW
CONSUMERS WILL BENEFIT BY
THE FIGHT OF "RIVALS.
The Electric Improvement Company
Yet Waging War on the Light
a id Power Corpora
tion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 21.—W ithin a month
B new gas company will be in full
Operation and San Jose will enjoy
cheaper light, fuel and power. This is
In the nature of a surprise that the
Electric Improvement Company will
Fining on tho people and its rival, the
Light and Power Company, which for
has mulcted Its customers by ex
orbitant rates. The Electric Improve
ment people have secretly guarded the
matter and not one hundred citizens
of the place know that they have
ac of the most complete and
up-to-date gas plants on the coast. The
works have been tested and niairs laia
;i Fernando street nearly to Mar
' eet.
The officers of the Electric Improve-
Company were seen at their head
quarters to-day and refused to discuss
the matt.--. Manager Edwards refused
c The Call reporter a pass to in
the plant. A trip to tie works,
v hlch is situated alongside the narrow
railroad near San Fernando
. proved more productive. Here!
al property was lately pur- i
I ana a inrrufiated iron building, '
v ith cement lioor, has been erected. In-
Ifi one of the latest improved gas
S, l.u lit by the Western Gas Con-
Btruction Company of Fort Wayne, Ind.
The Lowe process is used and crude
petroleum Is the chief factor in making
There is a mammoth furnace, ear
borator, washer, cooler, condenser and
purifier, similar to plants just put up in
Han FranclßCO and Oakland. A gaso
meter capable of holding 40,000 cubic
!' gas has been built. There are
.sst underground tanks for storing
i ■ trol< urn. The capacity of the works
übic feet per day.
The operation of the works by the
ric Impiovement Company means
at deal for San Jose and Santa j
County. It is said that the com
i has secured an option on the oil
Gulch, near Los Gatos,
- are petroleum there. The
. Gulch wells are good ones and
been worked for two or three i
They will now ho developed to
ull extent. This means a new in
dustry for Santa Clara County.
The process used by the Electric Im- i
provement Company will so cheapen
that it tan be used for power and j
fuel. This with petroleum the eompan> I
will furnish will give the city cheap
power and enable manufactories to be.
started.
A feu- days ago the works were start- I
ed and the gasometer lilled, and all
Joiuui in readiness. Gas lamps were
ng at the works to-day. Ten-inch
: up < nterson street
■ to San Fernando
and up s. :i do to Vine. The
: up to First street and j
branch off in all directions.
11l drop. The new cora
• v> ithin a month. The
rate i 2 75 per 1000 cubic feet and
ition, it is said, will cut
per cent at the start. The
trie Improvement Company since it
Into existence a few years ago
has b'-n the means of reducing tnc
:n andescent light over 200 pei
rent and arc lights from $3 50 to $2
bad a bitter fight with the
Ught and Power Company and come
■ e> fry time. It now has the
act for lighting the streets. Bids
have been called for lighting the city
liuildings with gas and here will be the
first contest of the corporations on gas.
A trip among the brokers show that
the stock of the old concern has taken
r fearful slump during the past few
days owing to the news of opposition,
end stockholders are trying to unload.
The officers of the Electric Improve
ment Company are: President, F. M.
J'iokering of San Francisco; vice presi
dent, J. A. Hicks: manager and secre
tary, H. J. Edwards. The company na^
been lately strengthened and its capital
Increased to $1,000,000.
BRYAN DID NOT
MEET MR. CARNeGIE
BDenies That He Went to New York
to Consult the Iron and
Steel King.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 22.— Colonel William
J. Bryan passed through the city to-night
en his way hum' 1 . He was met by friends,
■with whom he dined.
"Is it true that you went to New York
for the purpose of consulting with Car
; ."' Colonel Bryan was asked.
"No, it is not true. Personal business
took me to New lurk. I held no confer
with Mr. Carnegie. I have read his
opinion in reference to annexation and
the military question and am very glad,
Indeed, to know that he has taken the
position which he has."
In reference to the annexation and ex
pansion question. Colonel Bryan said that
lie stood where he always had stuod. op
posed to a headlong policy of imperialism
by the annexation of any conquered ter
ritory without the consent of the gov
erned.
Little indication of Colonel Bryan's re
rout rank in the army appears in his ap
parel, although a white campaign hat
I suggest to the passer-by that the
wearer probably had seen service. He has
apparently completely recovered his
health.
Unrequited Love Caused Insanity.
RIVERSIDE, Dec. 22.— 50 far no tidings
have been r< < rived of Bert Farmer, the
jnissing man of San Jacinto. Farmer left
home several days ago and took to the
hills to an Insane condition and has not
been seen since. Indian trailers have b< < n
employed to search for him. It is feared
that Farmer has died from hunger and
exposure on the mountains. Unrequited
love is said to ho the reason for Farmer's
sudden insane freak.
Charged With Embezzlement.
BAN" RAFAEL, Dec 22.— A bench war
rant was Issued by Judge Angellotti to
fur the arrest of M. M. Grover of
SausalltO on an indictment by the Grand
Jury. Grover was formerly secretary of
the' Sausalito Land and Ferry Company,
end is accused by President Harrison of
the company with having embezzled $2000
of the company's funds. It is alleged
that Grover collected money for water
from persons whose names were never en
tered on the books.
Death of a Coast Pioneer.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Dec. 22.— Andrew B.
Young, a pioneer of the Paciuc Coast,
In this city to-day, aired 76. Mr.
Young came to California from Maine in
184«. In 1855 ho settled on Puget Sound.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Push and Larkln «tn. Swimming, Russian, hot
feud cold tub baths. 6altwater direct from oce*n.
SAN JOSE'S NEW GAS PLANT.
ROLLINGER NOW
FEIGNS INSANITY
Held for the Murder of
His Wife.
PRETENDS TO BE INDIFFERENT
STOLIDLY STARES WHEN FACED
BY LENA HECKER.
Remarkable Similarity in This Case
to That of Adolph Luetgert,
the Chicago Sausage
Maker.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Dec. 22.— The Coroner's
inquest was beeun to-day in the case of
Mrs. Michael Rollinger, who, the police
assert, was murdered and partially cre
mated by her husband. The accused
man somewhat start'" the police and
spectators when confronted by Lena
Hecker, the woman for whose sake the
crime is alleged to have been commit
ted, by stolidly staring at her and then
declaring that he did not know her and
never even saw her before. This action,
coupled with his apparent utter indif
ference to his surroundings, leads the
police to believe that Rollinger is
feigning insanity.
The Journal to-day points out twenty
points of^remarkable similarity between
the case of liollinger and that of
Adolph Luetgert, who is now serving a
life sentence for wife-murder. L-ove of
a woman, other than the wife, is said
to have been the leading cause of both
alleged murders. Each of the mur
ders, it is claimed, was caused by
strangulation. Both men, one of whom
was a sausage maker and a German,
the other a butcher and an Austrian,
quarreled continually with their wives
and suffered business reverses prior to
the alleged crimes. Luetgert and Rol
linger were well acquainted with each
other and lived in the same quarter of
the city. In the Rollinerer case, as in
that of Luetgert, a wedding ring will
play an important part in the estab
lishment of the corpus delicti. Mrs.
Rollinger's body has been exhumed and
her wedding ring cut from her finger.
As a result of the inquest Rollinger
was held without bail on a charge of
murder, and Lena Hecker was ordered
detained as a witness. In her testi
mony before the Coroner's Jury. Miss
Hecker stated that Rollin^er had asked
her to marry him. saying that in two
months' time everything "would be all
right." Other witnesses testified that
Rollinger frequentl*- beat his wife.
BRUTAL NEGRO SOLDIER
KILLED BY A CONDUCTOR
Created a Disturbance on a Street Car
and Then Tried to Use a
Knife.
MACON, Ga., Dec. 22.— Private Turner
fcolored) of the Sixth Virginia Volunteer
Regiment was shot and almost instantly
killed by O. S. Thrower, a street car con
ductor this afternoon. Turner, very
drunk, boarded Thrower's car and used
vile language in the presence of ladies.
Thrower pulled him out of the car to the
rear platform. While Thrower was as
sisting a lady off the car, the necro
kicked him several times and applied
more vile epithets. Turner wont back
on the trailer, but soon returned with a
knife in hand and swore he would cut
Thrower's head off. As be stepped on
the platform Thrower fired, the bullet
striking the negro in the mouth. He
died in fifteen minutes. A crowd <>f negro
soldiers and civilians soon gathered and
swore vengeance on Thrower and all
street car conductors. One conductor
was chased several blocks l>y the negroes.
Guards have been placed on all the cars
on the line leading to the negro, camps
and to-night the cam)) is under a strong
guard to prevent an outbreak on the part
of the negro soldiers.
PASO ROBLES TAKES ACTION.
Needs of the People in That Vicinity-
Will Be Looked After.
PASO ROBLES, Dec. 22.— A meeting of
citizens was called here last night to take
: action in regard to the needy people In
and around Paso RoWes. It seemed to
be the object of some real estate agents
and largo land owners to make light of
the needs of the ranchers, but the fact
remains that there Js a large number of
people in and around Paso Robles that
needs assistance.
A committee consisting of A. R. Boots,
| H. Eppinger Jr.. S. D. Mork, J. E. Cliff
and Dr. Glass was appointed to investi
gate the needs of the people. They <le-
I cided to telegraph to San Francisco for
I seed and hay.
Another meeting was called for Satur
day night to be held at the City Hall, at
which time the committee will report.
Beacon Swept Away by Storms.
VICTORIA. K. C Dtc. 22.— H. M. S.
lmperieuse has reported to the local
agent of the Department of Marine and
Fisheries that Maple Spit beacon, on
Baynes Sound, has been swept away by
recent storms. The Government has de
cided upon the suppression of smuggling
along the coast. A number of protec
tive stations will be established, three in
inland waters and three along the west
coast. Officers will have power to seize
any vessel found smuggling or otherwise
breaking the customs laws.
Charges Against a Sheriff.
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. 22.— The re
port of the Grand Jury made public to
day charges Sheriff T. H. Hicks with
making overcharges on mileage, and di
rects the District Attorney to bring suit
against him to recover the amounts said
to have been misappropriated.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1898.
MUST ANSWER
FOR A MURDER
Arrest of Erza T.
Barnes at Colville.
TO BE TAKEN TO ARIZONA
ACCUSED OF KILLING HENRY
HANNA NEAR PRESCOTT.
Skeleton of the Victim of the Al
leged Assassin Was Found
With a Bullet Hole in
the Skull.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., Dec. 22.— A tele
gram received to-day from Sheriff
Ruffner, dated Colville, Wash., con
veyed the information that he had ar
rested Erza T Barnes, who is suspect
ed of murdering Henry Hanna near
Prescott last January.
Barnes, in company with Hanna and
two other men, left Elko County, Ne
vada, in the latter part of October,
1897, arriving at Prescott a month or
so later. Barnes and Hanna went into
the wood business and in the early part
of January Hanna mysteriously dis
appeared. Some time in March, Barnes
also left as suddenly as he had come.
Two months ago a skeleton was found
covered with brush two miles from
Prescott, with a bullet hole through the
skull.
Hanna was known to have had from
$600 to $700 in money, and Barnes was
indebted to him $150. which provided a
motive for the murder.
Barnes will be brought to Prescott
for trial.
R. G. ROSE NOW
IN THIS CITY
OCCUPYING ROOMS IN AN ELLIS
STREET HOUSE.
The Gamewell Fire Alarm Company
Claims He Is Short in His
Accounts.
The Gamewell Fire Alarm Company is
tryiner to pet some trace of R. A. Rose, its
I Pacific Coast agent, who has been missing
j for the past three weeks. It Is alleged by
I the company that he Is short in his ac-
I counts to the extent of at least $3000.
It was learned that a man answering to
the description of the missing agent was"
lodging in a house on Ellis street, near
Van Ness avenue, and a representative
of The Call called on him last night. He
admitted that his name was Rose, but
refused positively to make any statement
whatever. He kept the door closed and
concealed himself In the room, and all
questions had to be transmitted through
the medium of his wife.
He was asked point blank if he had
represented the Gamewell Fire Alarm
Company on this coast, and if, among
other things, he had sold a storage bat
tery to the city of Alameda for $1000 with
out forwarding the money to his em
ployers, but he preferred to remain silent,
saying that he would answer all questions
at the proper time.
From the family occupying other rooms
in the house the information was elicited
that Rose and his wife have been living
there but two days.
THE CLOSE OF THE TERM.
Commencement Exercises of the
Young Woman's Christian
Association.
Commencement exercises of the various
classes supported by the Young Woman's
Christian Association were held last even
ing at the association headquarters, 1259
O'Farrell street. The large parlors of
the handsome quarters were prettily dec
orated for the occasion. Hosts of mem
bers and friends of the association were
present and eiljoyed a carefully prepared
programme. The programme follows:
Piano solo. Miss Graßs; the toy symphony,
by V W. C. A. orchestra; chorus, by Y. W. C.
A • address, by Rev. L>r. Stephens: club swing
ine by physical culture class; vocal solo, by
Miss Scott; tableaux, by Hypatia Literary Cir
cle; recitation, "The Bard and the Cricket,"
by Mrs. Glesy; chorus, by the Glee Club; farce,
by the elocution class, entitled. "A Love of a
Bonnet." A toy symphony closed the enter
tainment.
In the Divorce Courts.
Mrs. Mercedes de Robles was granted
a divorce from Rafael de Robles yester
day on the ground of failure to provide.
Charles R. Aubrey has applied for a di
vorce from Kdna S. Aubrey, alleging cru
elty as a cause of action. Adelaide Ruch
ers has sued Albert E. O. G. Ruchers for
a divorce. As a cause of complaint the
plaintiff alleges desertion. Mrs. Mary G.
Valentine filed her answer and cross-com
plaint to the suit recently instituted by
her husband, W. D. Valentine, for di
vorce on tlie ground of desertion. Valen
tine, who keeps a pawn shop on Ellis
street, contended that hia wife deserted
him without cause. This Mrs. Valentine
denies, and by way of cross-complaint
states that her husband's attachment for
a song-and-dance artist broke up their
home. Her husband bought the song-and
dance woman a victoria that took first
prize at the World's Fair, she alleges, and
the song-and-dance artist, in order to
make known her appreciation, lived with
her (defendant's) husband. For these
reasons Mrs. Valentine asks that she be
granted a divorce on the ground of infi
delity.
Stuart Robson tells how to win
success on the stage in next Sunday's
Call.
COLONEL BURNS SHUNS
MENTION OF HIS RECORD
County, State and National Archives Bulge
With Varied Details of His Un
lawful Acts.
A Sacramento County Grand Jury Returned Twelve Indict
ments Against Him for Embezzling Money Belong
ing to the Public Treasury of
This State.
While Colonel Dan Burns is a candidate
for a seat In the United States Senate, he
ha 3 not yet "pointed with pride" to his
record, either as a public officer or a
private individual.
Records, if they are an official relation
of good deeds, are a convenient thing to
bring forward in support of an individ
ual's claim to be the recipient of trust
and honor; but if, as in the case of Col
onel Burns, the records happen to be a
history of criminal acts, it is best to blot
out the past and attempt to secure the
favor of legislators by the Judicious use
of railroad passes and corrupt political
influences.
For instance, it would be embarrassing !
to Colonel Burns to bring forward the j
records of Yolo County, which show that j
he was arrested for embezzling the funds
Of that county while serving it in the j
capacity of County Clerk; also, that he j
was arrested on a charge of embezzling i
$500 belonging to a citizen of that county.
Then, again, Colonel Burns would be
somewhat embarrassed if the records of
Sacramento County were spread out for
the consideration of legislators, because
these records show that the Grand Jury
of that couuty once upon a time returned
twelve indictments against him for em
bezzling various sums of money belong
ing to the State of California.
And there are other records in which
Colonel Burns' name figures most con
spicuously. For instance, the records of
this State now on tile in the public ar
chives at Sacramento. These records i
show that Colonel Burns was publicly j
charged by the State Controller, after a I
careful investigation, with having misap
propriated something more than $30,000 of !
the State's funds while holding the office
of Secretary of State, and that the Con
troller recommended that Burns be ar
rested and made to wear a felon's stripes
as punishment for his unlawful acts.
These records also show that the $30,000
stolen falls on the shoulders of the tax
payers of the State for the reason that
the money has never baen recovered.
If one were to go further afield he would
find in the office of the Secretary of State
at Washington, D. C, a record of Colonel
Burns' arrest, conviction and imprison
ment in Mexico for fraud. In Mexico the
patient investigator would find the rec
ords of four courts of justice and the
records of the government bulging
with official details of Burns' arrest, trial,
conviction and imprisonment on charged
of fraud, as well as a complete history
of his alleged fraudulent acquisition of
the title to mining pronertv valued at
$20,000,000, to say nothing of the charge of
using vast sums of money in bribing pub
lic officials.
There is a lurking suspicion in the minds
of the poor hut honest citizens of this
commonwealth that the existence ot the
scraps of official history distributed
through this and other countries may ac
count for Colonel Burns' failure to "point
with pride" to his past record.
For the benefit of those who have not
the time nor the opportunity to search
the records of Senatorial candidates there
is appended herewith a copy of one of
t,,(> *--nive indictments on file in the office
of the County Clerk of Sacramento Coun
ty. In perusing it it may be well to bear
in mind that Grand Juries return indict
ments onh- after a presentation of evi
dence sufficiently strong to satisfactorily
determine the guilt of the person accused.
From the record:
State of California, County of Sacramento.
The People of the] In the Superior Court
of the County of Sac-
Btate of California ramento, the 26th day
of November, A. D.
against eighteen hundred and
eighty-four.
T>. M. BURNS.
D. M. Burns is accused by the Grand Jury
of the County of Sacramento, by this indict
ment, of the crime of embezzlement committed
as follows:
The said D. M. Burns on the day of
December, A. D. 18S1 at the said County of
Sacramento, In the said Rtate of California,
and before the finding of this Indictment, then
and there being an officer of the State of Cali
fornia charged with the receipt safe keeping
and transfer of public moneys, to wit then and
there being the duly elected qualified and act
ing Secretary of State of the State of Cali
fornia, and as such officer charged with the
receipt safe keeping and transfer and payment
Into the State Treasury of the State of Cali
fornia of the fees and moneys collectable In by
PREPARATIONS
BEING MADE
FOR CHRISTMAS
Services to Be Held in
the Churches.
Preparations in anticipation of a glori
ous celebration of Christmas day are be
ing made in the various churches
throughout the city. Judging from the
indefatigable efforts of those in charge of
the preliminary work of decorating and
arranging the musical programmes to be
rendered on the occasion, the individual
ceremony peculiar to the various denomi
nations will be characterized by a gran
deur that promises to eclipse all efforts
in the past to make the day one com
bined tribute to the honor of the birth of
the Savior.
A feature in nearly all the different
houses of worship will be the rendition
of selected sacred muse to be arranged
specially for the occasion.
In the Catholic churches masses will be
solemnized during: the course of the morning,
commencing at 5 o'clock and continuing until
noon. At St. Ignatius Church solemn high
mass will be celebrated at 5 a. m., with the
Rev. J. P. Frieden, S. J., as celebrant. Rev.
J. Burkard, S. J., aa deacon and Father Butler,
B. J., as sub-deacon. Charles Carroll, S. J.,
will assist as master of ceremonies. At 10:30
o'clock another solemn mass will be observed,
at which the Rev. G. Burkard, S. J., will be
celebrant, Rev. John Forhan. S. J., deacon,
and James P. Morrißsey, S. J., sub-deacon.
The sermon will be delivered by Rev. D. J.
Mahoney, S. J. In the evening there will b«
solemn vespers and benediction and a sermon
by the Rev. Vincent Chiappa, S. J.
The musical programme will be rendered as
follows: 5 a. m. — "Kyrie." "Gloria," Generali,
Mercadante; "Credo," "Sanctus," "Benedlc
tus," Agnus Dei." Gounod; motet, "Adeste
Fldeles," "Christue Natua," Melvil; organ
pieces— Pastoral, Henri Deshayes; Christmas
offertory, J. Lemmens. 10:30 a. m. — "Kyrie,"
"Gloria," "Credo." De Vecchl; "Banctus,"
"Benedictus." Fauconler; "Agnus Del," Alary;
motet, "Pastores Erant Vigilantes, 1 ' Melvil;
organ pieces — "Prima Sonata," Flllppo Ca
pocci: postlude, Dudley Buck; "Mnrche Nup
tlale, ' Fillppo Capoecl; andante from sym
phony, ''A Country Wedding." Carl Goldmark.
7:30 p. m. — Psalms, Gregorian; "Magnificat,"
Carcano; "Nazareth," Gounod; motet, Latnbl
and through the 1 said office of Secretary of
State under and by virtue of the trust duties
and obligations imposed upon him, the said D.
M. Burns Secretary of State aforesaid by the
laws of tho State of California on the 30th day
of November 185(1 at the City and County of
Sacramento, State of California, there came
into and was In the control care safe keeping
siwn and custody of him, the said D. M.
Burns as Secretary of State aforesaid certain
I'Ublic moneys to wit the sum of Twelve Hun
dred and Forty Five ($1245.00) Dollars in lawful
money of the United States of America
and then and there of the per
sonal property of the State of Cali
fornia, which said money had on gaid day last
aforesaid been paid Into the office of Secretary
of State of the State of California and re
ceived in said office for and on account of Re
ports of the Supreme Court of the State of
California, Bold to the firm of A. L. Bancroft
and Company of San Francisco, California by
him the said D. M. Burns as Secretary of
State aforesaid, and after the said public
moneys as aforesaid to wit: the sum of Twelve
Hundred and Forty Five and 00-100 Dollars as
aforesaid had as aforesaid come into the con
trol care safe keeping- and possession and cus
tody of him the said D. M. Burns as Secretary
of State aforesaid, to wit: at the City and
county of Sacramento, State of California, on
the da- December, A. D. ISSI he the
said D. M. Burns, then and there beinf? Secre
tary of State as aforesaid and then having in
his control care safe keeping possession and
custody by virtue of the trust imposed upon
him as Secretary of State aforesaid the public
money aforesaid, to wit: the said sum of
Twelve Hundred and Forty Five 00-100 Dollars
In lawful money of the United States of the
personal property of the State of California.
Did then and there, willfully, un
lawfully and fraudulently, and not
in the due and lawful execution of
the duty and trust imposed upon
him, the said defendant, D. M. Burns,
as Secretary of State aforesaid, con
vert, appropriate and embezzle the
said public moneys, to wit:
The said sum of Twelve Hundred and Forty
Five 00-100 Dollars in lawful money of the
United States and then and there the personal
property of the State of California to his own
use and benefit, contrary to the form force and
effect of the statute In such case made and
provided and apainst the peace and dignity of
the people of the State of California.
(Signed) JOHN T. CAREY,
District Attorney of Sacramento County.
The remaining eleven Indictments are
similar In form to the one above quoted
and charge Burns with the embezzlement
of various sums received by him during
tftp time he served as Secretary of State.
The records of Sacramento county will
also show that Burns confessed under
oath, that he had falsified the records of
his office while serving as Secretary of
State for the purpose of covering up the
defalcations with which he was charged.
■\Vitnrss the following from his testimony
before Judge Van Fleet:
I took the memorandum cash book
and changed these figures or
amounts. I did not change any fig
ures, but where there would be
$13 25 I marked $9 75, and I took
this cash book to him (Deputy-
Gale) after the Bth day of December
some time — it must have been three
or four days afterward.
An indication of the contents of the
State Controller's report made to the At
torney General after having investigated
the affairs of Burns' office is given in the
opening paragraph. It is as follows:
Hon. E. C. Marshall, Attorney
General — Sir: I have the honor here
with to transmit to you the result of
an investigation of the office of Sec
retary of State during the incum
bency of D. M. Burns, from January
5, 1880, to January 8, 1883. The
examination shows Mr. Burns to be a
defaulter to the State in the sum of
$31,739 59.
Colonel Burns aspires to be United
States Senator. His candidacy is b^ing
supported by the political agents of the
Southern Pacific Company, who are aware
of the facts concerning the past record
of Colonel Burns. Why does the Southern
Pacific Company wish Colonel Burns to
have a seat in the nation's lawmaking
body?
lotte; "Tantum Ergo." Aldera; "Adest* Fl
deles."
At St. Joseph's Church, on Tenth and How
ard streets, solemn high mass will be cele
brated at 10:30 o'clock In the morning:, at
which a sermon appropriate to the occasion
will be delivered. At the conclusion of the
maps benediction of the blessed sacrament
will be given, which will conclude the morn- I
ing services. At both the late mass and that
to be celebrated at 5 o'clock In the morning
the following musical programmes will be ren
ilered by a specially augmented choir: 6 a.
m.-"Kyrle" and "Gloria," Mercadante and
Generall; "Credo," Madonna; "Sanctus" and
"Apnus Pei," Caglleri. 10:30 a. m.— Generali's
grand mass In G will be sung: the "Sanctus"
and "Apnus Del" will be from Giorza's first
mass; the offertory will be the "Aye Maria"
by Loretz. At solemn benediction will be Bung
"O Salutarts." by Generali; "Tantum Ergo,"
by Mercadante. and at the end "Adeste Fi
deles."
The choir will consist of: Sopranos— Miss
Lottie Crawford and Mrs. Julius Klein; altos-
Mrs. Helen Kelly and Mrs. Thomas Gibson:
tenors — D. P. Gilfeather, Mr. Borondo and
Philip Murphy; bassos— F. P. Scollin and
George Knorp: organist and musical direc
tor, P. J« O'Sullivan.
At St. Peter's Catholic Church the following
musical programme will be rendered at the
solemn high mass at 10:30 o'clock: Cimarosa's
grand military mass by a quartet and chorus.
The soloists will be: Soprano. Miss Roney;
tenor, William Knowles; contralio. Miss Ella
Kreig; basso, Charles Deane. Charles Deane
will sing the offertory. Adam's "Noel." Mass
will be immediately followed by benediction
of the most blessed sacrament, during which I
Rubinstein's "O Salutaris" will be sung by
Mln Roney, Mr. Flood and Mr. Deane, and
Kosewlg's "Tantum Ergo" by a full chorus.
Mrs. G. E. McCrea will preside as organist and '
director.
At St. Mary's Church (Paul Ist) the following
programme both for the service and music to |
accompany it will be rendered: High mass will j
be sung at 5 a. m. I>ow masses will be cele
brated at 6, 7, 8, 9 and 10 o'clock. Solemn high
mass will be sung at 11 o'clock. The following I
musical programme will be rendered at this !
mass: Grand Italian Mass No. 1; trombone
solo. "Noel," by Alfred Roncovieri. "Adeste
Fideles"(Novello); soprano soloist, Mrs. Slegel;
contralto soloist,- Miss J Murphy; tenor solo
ist. William Derham: basso soloist, William
Gordon, assisted by the following: Sopranos —
Miss T. I'auba. Miss M. Hig-gins, Misß N.
O'Krien, Miss M. Norton, Mrs. M. Brennan,
Mrs. Carl Sommers, Mrs. Steinman; contral
tos— Miss Helen Ford, Miss Charlotte Johnston,
Miss M. Nicolai, Miss M. Daly; tenors— J.
Bhirley, William Cralghton; bassos— William
O"nHon. D. Sheerin. The sermon will be
preached at this mass by Rev. P. J. MacCorry,
C. B. P.
At the Howard Presbyterian Church, on Oak
street, the following musical programme will
be rendered: Morning service— Organ prelude,
"Hallelujah Chorus." from "Messiah" (Han
del): quartet, "There Were Shepherds" (Buck);
hymn, "Hark, the Herald Angels Sing"
(Mendelssohn): alto solo, "The Star of Beth
lehem" (Adams); hymn, "Awake the Sacred
Song" (Handel), soprano solo and chcrus,
"Noel" (Adam): hymn, "How Firm a Foun
dation" (Reading): organ postlude, "And the
Glory of the Lord." from "Messiah" (Han
del. Evening service— Organ prelude, "Christ
mas Pastoral" (Ashmall); quartet, "Arise,
For Thy Light Is Come" (Buck); hymn,
"Hark. Ten Thousand Harps" (Mason); bass
solo, "Nazareth" (Gounod); hymn, "Glory to
God on High" (Olavdtnl): quartet, "Let Tour
Mingling; Voices Rise" (Holden) ; soprano solo,
"Glory to Heaven's Eternal Klnr" (Meyer-
Helmund); quartet, "Ther« Were Shepherds"
(Buck); hymn, "All Hail the Power" (Hol
den); organ postlude, "Hallelujah Chorus"
from "Mount of Olives" (Beethoven). The
members of the choir are: Miss Alma Berg
lund. Miss Isella H. Van Pelt, Frederick
Purdy and Charles E. Ker. William F. Hooke
is the organist and choirmaster.
At St. Peter's Episcopal Church, on Stockton
and Filbert streets, the musical programme at
the morning service will be as follows:
Organ voluntary, "Christmas March" (Gus
tav Merkel); processional, "Adeste Fideles" (J.
Reading); Lord's Prayer and versicles;
Venite Chant, No. 20, "Gloria Patri" (Mendels
sohn); "Te Deum in F" (Dykes); "Benedlctus
in F" (Wilkins); "Apostles' Creed" (Stalner);
Versicles, introit, "Lovely Appear," solo and
chorus, (Gounod): holy communion sen-ice,
"Kyrie" (Gounod); "Gloria Tibi" (Garret);
hymn 51 (Mendelssohn): the sermon; offertory
solo, "Noel" (Adam); "Sursum Corda" (Cam
idge): "Sanctus" (Gounod); communion hymn.
No. 59, "Gloria in Excelsis," ancient chant;
"Nunc Dimittis" (Stainer); retrocessMonal
hymn, No. 65, (Dykes.).
At 7:30 p. m.— Full choral services, pro
cessional hymn. No. 49; Lord's Prayer and
versicles; "Gloria Patri," chant; "Magnificat"
and "Nunc Dimittis" (Stainer); hymn 53
(Avison); the sermon; offertory solo, "Noel"
(Gounod); benediction hymr. "Jesu Our
Savior" (Rev. J. Ankstell, £ M); retroces
sional hymn. No. R5. (Dykes).
The above musical services will be rendered
by the regular vested choir of the church of
thirty-five voices. Fred H. Flood, organ i si ; J.
Wesley Wilkins, choirmaster and musical
director.
At Grace Episcopal Church on California
and Stockton streets the order of sorvice and
the musical programme will be as follows:
First celebration of holy communion, b a. m. ;
matins and second celebration, with sermon by
the rector, 11 a. m.; "Venite," Gregorian, first
tone, fourth ending; "Te Deum," Festival
(Klmbali), in B flat; "Jubilate" (Holden). in
B flat; "Kyrie" (Barrett), in F; offertory,
"Angelic Voices"; "Sanctus" (Taylor), in C;
"Gloria in Excelsis," old chant. Full cathe
dral service, 7:45 p. m. ; "Psalter" chanted to
Gregorian tones; "Cantate" (Goss), in G;
"Deus Mlsereatur" (Thomas), In C; anthem,
"Hark, Angelic Voices" (Johnson); offertory,
"When All Things Were in Quiet SUi
(Lansing); organ postlude, "Hallelujah Chorus"
(Handel). Organist and director of the choir,
William H. Holt.
The complete programme at the Howard-
Street Methodist Episcopal Church will be ren
dered as follows: 11 a. m.— Organ voluntary.
Short prelude and fugue in B flat (Bach);
carol, "Shout the Glad Praises" (Danks), by the
Sunday-school; hymn No. 183; prayer, con
cluding with the Lord's Prayer by the con
gregation; anthem, "Sing, O Heavens" (Sim
per), soprano solo by Miss H. Lask. tenor solo
by Dr. H. D. Noble; announcements; "Gloria
Patri"; carol, "I Have a Father Jn the Prom
ised Land," by the infant class: offertory, so
prano solo, "The Child of Bethlehem" (brew
er), Miss Mattle D. Whlttlngton; hymn Xo.
186: barytone solo, "Nazareth" (Gounod), Wil
liam Pruette; sermon, The "Condescension of
Cbrlat"; barytone solo, "Palm Branches"
(Faure), William Pruette; carol, "Awake,
Awake" (Sweney), by the Sunday-school; hymn
No. 245; benediction; L. M. Doxology; organ
postlude, "March aux Flambeaux" (Scotson
Clark).
7:30 p. m.— Organ voluntary. "Grand Offer
tolre de St. Cecil," op. 7. No. 1 (Batiste); carol.
"Rise and Sins" (Danks). t>y the Sunday
school; hymn No. 190; Creed and prayer, con
cluding with "Lord's Prayer," chanted by
choir and congregation; anthem. "Hymn of
Nativity" (H. J. Stewart), tenor solo by Dr.
H. D. Noble; announcements; carol, "Carol!
Carol! Christians!" (George W. Warren), by
the Sunday-school; scripture lessons, Matthew,
chapter xi, verses 1-15; "Gloria Patri"; duet,
for soprano and contralto, "Noel" (Gounod),
the Misses Mabel and Ethel Perkins; admis
sion of members to the church; anthem,
"Blessed Be the Lord God" (Williams), soprano
solo by Miss Mattie D. Whittington; offertory;
organ solo, "Amarylls" (Ghys); violin solo,
"Legende" (Wienlawsiki), Miss Susie Blair;
hymn No. 192; sermon, "Jesus the Fulfillment
of Prophecy"; carol, "In the Wintry Heaven"
A. H. P., by the Sunday-school; hymn No. IS7;
benediction; L. M. Doxolopy; organ postlude,
"Marche Solenneile" (Westbrook).
At the Church of St. John the Evangelist
on Fifteenth street the vested choir of boys
and men will sing the following service on
Christmas day: Morning — Processional, hymn
61. "Hark, the Herald Angels Sing," Men
delssohn; intrclt, "Benedictus Qui Venit." in
E flat, Crulckshank; "Kyrie Elelson," "Gloria
Tibl" and "Credo," in C, Tours; hymn 50,
"Adeste Fidelis," Reading; offertory, anthem,
"There Were Shepherds." .Charles Vincent;
"Sursum Corda" and "Sanctus." in C, Tours
hymn 225. "Bread of the World." Hndges;
"Agnus Del." in E flat, Crulckshank: "Gloria
In Excelsis," in C. Tnurs; "Nunc Dimittis,"
Chant. Blow; retrocessional, hymn F>6 "Chris
tians Awake." Walnwright. Evening—Proces
sional, hymn 61, "Hark, the Herald Angels
Ping," Mendelssohn: psalms for evening of
Christmas day to chants by Cooke, Bfltrnby and
Woodward; "Magnificat" and "Nunc Dimit
tis." in D, Parry; hymn R3, "Shout the Glad
Tidings." Avison: nffertory. anthem, tenor solo
and chorus. "Behold, I Bring Tou Glad Tid
ings," Barnby (tenor solo by Andrew Y.
Wood); benediction hymn 647; retrocessional
hymn r.6, "Christians, Awake," Walnwright.
Miss Esther M. Phillips, organist and choir
mistress.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
o♦&s> ♦ ♦ ♦_♦ <!> ♦ ♦'♦"<S>.<^ A <*> ♦ <$> O
t IT IS WATERPROOF. <?
nTHE WELCOME RAIN IS BRING-
♦ " ing joy to thousands of families, <>
a, but yet it may prove very serious to A
any lady who attempts to shop or go "
<9 out with broken shoes or thin soles.
a We have a specially made shoe for wet a
weather. - Ladies' finest quality box v
<& calf, lace, new coin toes and tips, 3>
a double soles and extension edges. Very a
T- neat and tidy. Strictly up to date. v
<? Special price $2. All widths and sizes. •&
<«> Very easy on the feet. a
<$> CROCHET SLIPPERS, Red, Blue. Pink, <«>
>.••"-- Black or Brown:
* Children's sizes, Bto l<Hi 75c *
A Misses' sizes, 11 to 2.. OOc <s>
A Ladies' sizes, 2% to 7 .......?1.00 X
* Men's sizes, 6to 11 t 1.25 ■&
— Ukw
Men's Embroidered Slippers, ♦
<*> either Opera or Everett styles, ..' <^
A from .75c upward A
Gentlemen's Black or Brown Vlcl ■ ■ <P
* Kid Romeos, turned soles, re- <J>
a, duced to 91.50 »
Ladles' Stylish Fur-trimmed Felt •
v Juliets, flannel -lined, coin Toes, <£
a colors red, brown or b1ack.. ...51.00 a
T Same as above, quilted... 1.50 V
<* Ladies' Pongola Kid, Fur- <&
<», trimmed Juliets. Coin Toes l.flO a
T Ladles' Fancy Plaid or Quilted v
v i Fur-trimmed Juliets 1.50 <fc
a Our new illustrated catalogue just out. a
"T Send for one.
v Country orders solicited. Address
♦ B. KATCHINSKI, J
1 Philadelphia Shoe Co.,
Z- 1O Third St.. San Francisco. Z
Munyon'sHeadache and indigestion Cure
Is the only remedy on the market that
will cure every form of Headache in 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in every home and j
every traveler's gripsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures 25c.
ai^^WHEN YOU
/^^^^j^^^v Require an ELEC-
TRIC BELT " Dr -
■^a^h^^Pfpierce's" and you will
"^ ■'• not be disappointed.
-7^^ . Call. or address PIERCE
U ELECTRIC CO.. 620
Hirk»? %i. (opp." Palics Hot* 1 ), S. F.
■■ Wrill's Mian Veptalile PiEs
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have Übed them for over j forty years to cur»
BICK HEADACKE, GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
j TION, ■ Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimple*
and purify the blood. : .
.
Grossman's Specific Mixture
;s ' With this i remedy percons . can cure . them-
selves without the , least exposure, change -of
diet or change In application to business. 'The
medicine contains , nothing; of , the least Injury
to the constitution. Ask your druggist for It.
Price II a bottl* .  . . . •
ADVERTISEMENTS,
If* This
/fBI k
.mr, Wonder*
W M !
One would exclaim on
seeing a Two-H.nded
Man ; so you will like-
wise ejaculate when
you see
THE WASP,
Which for a novelty,
as well as an interest-
ingly artistic publica- ;
tion, presents in its
CHRISTMAS SOUVENIR ■.
Sixty - four pages of
pictures of San Fran-
cisco, such as have
never been seen before.
These views . defy all ■,
hitherto accepted laws
of photography inas-
much as they photo-
graph several streets
at one time, and both
sides of the street in
detail. This has
NEVER BEFORE BEEN DONE
\ by any Journal in the
world. It is a strictly
new feat in photog-
raphy and must be seen
to be appreciated. In
these pictures SAN
FRANCISCO is seen as
it really looks. Get an
XMAS WASP
with these New and
Astonishing
VIEWS
and send it to your
Eastern and Foreign
Friends. They will ap-
preciate it highly.
On sale at all News
Stands. Price 25 cents.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE-
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Scottlsl Union nut National
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH, SCOTLAND. ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
- Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner. ,
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $101,587 91
Loans on bonds and . mortgages 1,482,680 99
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,730,375 61
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 2,600 00
Cash In company's office . 1,366 84
Cash in bank 5........ 424,563 67
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 18,740 69
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 23,133 88
Premiums in due course of collection 271,237 91
Total assets.... $4,056,487 46
> LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted -and unpaid $38,884 28
Losses In process of adjustment or
in suspense 229,332 48
Losses resisted, including 1 expenses.. 17,641 67
Gross premiums on fire risks run- .
ning one year or less, $1,801,67186;
reinsurance 50 per cent 900,835 93
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more | than one year, $1,755,-
420 08; reinsurance pro rata 938,233 21
Commissions and brokerage due and
to become due 23,435 68
Total liabilities .$2,148,363 25
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $2,354,554 86
Received for interest on bonds and
■mortgages 76,714 84
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources '. 67,433 84
Received for rents 5,053 00
Total Income $2,493,816 54
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (in-
cluding $291,545 03, losses of pre-
vious years) $1,241,388 83
Paid or allowed for commission or -
brokerage ..:••.. . ,611,087 99
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 107,198 29
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 57.792 32
All other payments and expendi-
tures 131,042 81
Total expenditures... $2,048,510 27
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $1,197,946 95
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year....! $336,598,928 $3,201,387 45
| Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 232,161,257 2,893,880 85
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1897 406,050.811 8,557,09194
MARTIN BENNETT.
United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21st
day of January, IS9B.
CLARKSON N. FOWLER. Notary Public.
R. C. MEDCRAFT,
GENERAL AGENT,
319 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
SIsSS VI I ALBS
KtfjOJ %g» \£a /CSS afi ■ v BK3B w
Ijid»t. ii£LsVs%. l ilisTlß THE NEW
tyrar ioth d»j. *.s- /8w jf rnCiiunai
VITALIS 20thC:i = r - « RFIimV
PRODI TES THE AROTK 30th Day. II kill CU 111
RESULTS. It quickly A surely removes Nervouinets, Impoteney
Nightly Emission*, Evil Dreims Wasting Disease* «nd all effects
i of self-at-uie or excess and indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality,
I Power and Failing Memory. • Ward, off In»aaity and Conmirao- ■
tion. Cure* when all others fail. Insist on having VITALI.4
no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail * 1.0(5
per package or six for $5.00 with a guarantee to Cure or
Refund the Money. Circular Free. Addmi :•■---.■-,- J
CALUMET CITRE CO., .184 I>e« -burn St.. Chirac*
Bold by Owl Pro* Co.. 8. r.. u4 Otktaal
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sterling Exchange higher.
Fhipment of .$715,336 to China.
Silver unchanged. [- k
Wheat and Barley the same.
Oats advanced. Corn firm.
Hay and Feedstuffs unchanged.
White Beans firm and colored weak.
Sweet Potatoes advanced. '
Rhubarb in market.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Turkeys still higher and firm.
Game, about the same.
Apples In barrels advanced.
Almonds and Walnuts higher.
Linseed Oil marked up.
Provisions slow.
Meat market unchanged.
Decreased exports of Salmon.
EXPORTS OF SALMON.
Exports of Salmon from thlg port during the
first eleven months of the year were 664, 46S
cases and 15,354 packages, valued at 0,710,000,
Bgaln«t 706.813 eases and ] 5. 112 packages, valued
at $3,018,000, during the same time in 1897.
THE COPPER TRADE.
The product of American copper mines for
the first eleven months of the calendar year
-*mpares as follows:
Tons.
1897 193. 515
1898 215.790
European mines produced 76,118 tons for the
eleven months, against $0,275 tons in 1597, which i
was about the average of the previous three '
years. Exports oC copper from the United I
States were 131,893 t' hi for the eleven months, i
against 118, C2S tons In 1897.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The 'City of Peking took out a treasure list
of $715,936. consisting of $444,866 in Mexican dol
lars, $5470 in gold coin. $263, 600 In sliver bullion
and $20 I >o In silver soles.
BAN FRANCISCO'S COMMERCIAL FUTURE.
Henry Clew's New York circular says:
"The effect of the American-Spanish war is
going to be further reaching than even dream
ers of America's destiny have ever pictured.
It will in the end lead to a commercial revo
lution among nations. As a result of the war
we have gained the Philippine Islands and
thereby made the Pacific Ocean of vastly more
Importance to us than it otherwise could have
been. It gives us a front door entrance to
China and Asia for the distribution of our
products and manufactured goods which in
time will be superior to that of our European
competitors. Our great railroads now center at
Chicago, which place has bern made import
ant through its connection with the lakes. The
lakes and the railroads together have developed
almost abnormally only certain localities of
this country, whereas, the next great develop
ments will not be where the lakes are located,
but will bo between ocean and ocean— from the
Atlantic t.> the Pacific— which win make the i
railroads that span that territory the great :
highways of the world. The result of the war
must force the building of the Panama and
Nicaragua canals in the interests of this coun- I
try, and when completed they will make the i
Caribbean Sea the rendezvous of the world's !
commerce, as they will furnish by fur the near-
Mt and 1 h< :>.j'<*st mode of transportation to pup
ply the 500.000,000 of people at the eastern side !
of the Pacific. The Atlantic and Pacific oceans i
and the Caribbean Sea together are going to be j
more important in our future progrwi6 of de
velopment than can be Imagined by the most
enthusiastic. "
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 22, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations — "4 Hours. Season. Season.
Kureka 0.00 8.87 15.37
Red Bluff 0.00 3. 51 6.08
Sacramento 0.00 3.92 4.38
San Francisco 0.00 3.99 4.07
Fresno 0.00 1.92 1.89
Ban Luis Oblspo 0.00 1.34 1.58
Los Angeles 0.00 0.24 2.53
San Diego 0.00 0.63 1.41
Yunia 0.00 1.32 O.SI
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
66; minimum, 44; mean, £1.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An area of high pressure overlies Washington
and Idaho and extends southeastward Into
Utah. This is causing fair weather in Cali
fornia, Oregon and Nevada. The temperature
is low in the South Pacific Coast States and
the conditions are favorable for severe frost
In C'alii'irnia and Arizona. The frost in the
Salt River Valley of Arizona will probably be
Bevere enough to injure citrus fruit.
Conditions are favorable for continuous clear,
cold weather in California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, December 23, 1898:
Northern California— Fair Friday, with frost
at night, not severe enough to injure citrus
fruit; fresh easterly wind.
Southern C;dif"rnla— Fair Friday; frost at
night, but not severe enough to Injure citrus
fruit; fresh northeast wind.
Nevada— Fair Friday.
Utah— Fair Friday.
Arizona— Fair Friday; killing frost In south
portion, probably severe enough to injure citrus
fruit.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday; light
easterly wind.
Special from Mount Tamaipais — Clear; wind
northeast, 32 miles: temperature, 48: maximum,
«S. W. H. HAMMON. Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. 22.— The market con
tinued to-day its upward movement on a tre
mendous volume of business, second only to the
record made one day last week. London i
traded both ways, her purchases and sales
being larger than for a long time. On
balance It is estimated that 35,000 shares were
taken for London account. Denver and Rio
Grande preferred was a favorite In both mar
kets on predictions of a 2 per cent dividend,
which later materialized. Union Pacific Is
sues were absorbed on rising prices for both
foreign and domestic accounts. A pool, ap
parently connected with prominent banking in
terests, seemed in control of this stock In the
local trading. There were no new develop
ments in the property except that a good
showing was forecasted for the November
.statement, to be presently Issued, and the con
tinued association of ,the property with the
Alton deal, in which other roads us well are
supposed to be interested. Realizing sales
by certain large interests, although causing a
reactionary movement early In the day, seem
ed to have been well taken, considering their
volume. The evidence or scale buying and
conspicuous purchases by two powerful in
terests resulted in an almost buoyant tone be
fore loon. There was covering of shorts, who
have expected a reaction, which failed to ap
pear to any extent thus far, because of the
large absorption of securities by the public.
There was pronounced strength In the grang
ers, Rock Island crossing 111 by a handsome
fraction, while St. Paul ruled around 118 and
Qulncy 123. The movement In these and other
standard dividend paying stocks had a
healthful influence elsewhere, where bull
leaders were successful In stimulating the
movement. Tobacco and Sugar displayed ex
ceptional weakness at one time, but recovered
substantially in sympathy with the late buoy
ant speculation. Baltimore and Ohio shares
Buffered from realizing, consequent upon yes
terday's substantial improvement. Missouri
Pacific, under a period of heaviness, rallied
three points on rumors that a dividend decla
ration was not improbable. Federal Steel
continued its advance, the common rising three
points on th* favorable trade situation and the
belief that the powerful interests were sun
porting the stock. "
The bond market was Irregular during the
early part of the day, but subsequently moved
generally upward in sympathy with the stock
market. Total sales of bonds. 950 000
United States 3s advanced % and the new
4s _ a . nd the other ia coupon % in the bid price
The total sales of stocks to-day were 893 100
snares, including: Atchison, 6110; Atchison pre
ferred, 32,700; Central Pacific, 25 500- Cine In
natl and Ohio. 3285; Burlington, 25570- Den
ver and Rio Grande. 9555: Denver and Rio
Grande preferred. 38,030; Illinois Central" 3550°
Lake Erie and Western, 10,485; Lake Erie lKd
ster rr I J- Preferred. 3574 ; Louisville and Nalh
vl He. 5070: Minneapolis and St. Louis CO3O~
Missouri Pacific, 36.820: Missouri. Kansas arid
Texas preferred. 4920; Northern Pacific i-^o
Rock Island, 32.600 ;Un10n Pacific. 49 200 Union
Pacific preferred, 39,600; St. Paul 34 294- South"
crn Pacific. 7850; Southern preferred «si-
Texas and Pacific, 37,535: Paper. 15 385- Amer*
Jean Spirits, 17.520: American Spirts preferred"
7900: Tobacco, 9000: Steel. 118 720; Steel Ire
ferrrd, 30,550; People's Gas, 15.500- Colorado
Fuel and Iron. 5810; Pacific Ma 1 6725- Sugar
19.020; Tennessee Coal and Iron. 28,620: Leather'
10.870: Leather preferred. 14,700; St Loui«
and Southwestern. 7250: St. Louis and South
r r n n, lTo!92Ol T0!920. red> 10f230; Chlca *° and Great
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 18% HI Louis & SF.. su
Do prefd.......... 50% Do prefd " 6 6 £
Baltimore & Ohio. 70 Do 2d prefd.. 33
Canada Pacific 84 St Louis & 3 w." 714
Canada Southern.. 56% Do prefd 171?
Cent Pac 42% St Paul ......... 1177?
Ches & Ohio 254 Do prefd..... igj
Chi & Alton 170 St P& Om hi-.
Chi B& Q 1224 Do prefd.... 168
Chi & E 111......... 58 St PM & M........172
Do prefd 110 |So Pacific.......... 33%
(-'hi O W 15% So Railway 1014
Chi Ind & L 74 ; Do prefd.... 41%
Do prefd 31 Texas & Pacific... '18%
Chi & N W.... 142 Union Pacific 43%
Do prefd 184 I Do prefd.. 734
C C C & St L...... 4354 IJ P D & G.... 124
Do prefd..... 95 HVabash 8%
Del & Hudson ....104V4) Do prefd 23' i
Pel L & W.. 150 ,Wheel & L E 5%
Den & Rio G...... 20 Do prefd ....:. 26%
Do prefd ..:.. 6S*i Express Companies-
Erie (new) 14 Adams Ex......;... 108 "
. Do Ist prefd 37 -.'American Ex. ......141
Ft Wayne 175 United States 50
Gt Nor prefd 13S 1 * Wells Fargo 128
Hocking Val 3~i Miscellaneous-
Illinois Cent 114', A Cot Oil 33
Lake Erie & W.... 21% Do prefd 87<i
Do prefd 74 Am Spirits 13
Lake Shore 201 V* Do prefd 3T 1 ,
Louis & Nash f>V s Am Tobacco 140%
Manhattan L !»7'» Do prefrt 127
Met Bt Ry 191% Tons Gas 194V4
Mioli Cent 11l Com fable Co 175
Minn & St L 33\Co! F & Iron 30,4
Do Ist prefd H9"k' Do prefd 77
Mo Pacific 44'j Gen Electric 925;
Mobile & Ohio 30V Hew ( ' om Co r.7
Mo X & T lSVi'lntl Paper 61 'i
Do prefd 37^1 Do prefd 9(>Vi
N J Central 33 iLaclede Gap 52
N V Central 122*, Lead 37%
N V Chi & St L.. 14 Do piofd 113
Do Ist prefd 6o Nat Lin Oil Si
Do 2d prefd S3 I'a.inc Mall 43-*
Nor West 16»i People's Gas 109
So Amer Co 6 T « Pullman Pal 149
No Pacific 4Hi Silver Certificates. 59»4
Do prefd 7G"i Standard R & T... 8
Ontario & W 17% Sugar 124VJ
Or H & Nay 61 Do prefd lliu
Or Short Line 42 TC & Iron 37K
Pafc C Ist prefd.... 81 D R Leather 6n" a
Do 2d prefd 63 Do prefd 70
Pittsburg 172 tJ B Rubber 44»;
Reading IS\ Do prefd 110V4
Do Ist prefd 46»i "West Union 9i%
R « W 26 iFederal Steel 47"J,
Do prefd 64 | Do prefd S2>-4
Uock Island 111V4 ißrooklyn R T 72^
CLOSING BONDS.
U 8 3s 107H| Do 4s 104
LTL T S new 4s reg,...129VN0 Pac Ist 117%
Do coup 129^4 i Do 3s 69%
0 8 4b 112H Do 4s 102Vs
Do coup im» N V C & S L 45. 106
Do 2ds • 99% Nor & W 6s 127
U S 5 reg 1 1 3 '-s Northwest consols. l 43
Do 53 coup i:2 s' Do deb 5s 119%
District 3.65s 11. VO Nay lsts 114
Ala class A ..10S O Nay 4s '.. 99"*
Do B 108 |D S Line 6s term. .l 29
Do C 100 O S Line 5s term. .llo%
Do Currency 100 Pacific 6s of 95 102%
Atchison 4s 9i>*4 ' 'leading 4f 56%
Do adj 4s 75% EC G W lsts 92^4
?an So 2(« 110% «t L & I M Con 65.104
C & O 4%s 91 St L& S F Gen 65.124%
Chi Term 4s 95 St P Con 1t!2%
C & O is 118 'St P C & P 15t5.. 122
,■ H & D 4' 2 104% j Do 5s 121
"& R G lsts 10S iSo Ry 5s 105
D&R G 4s 102 : i Standard R&T 6s 82%
East Term lsts 107» t ; Term new set 35.. 94%
Erie Gen 4s 75% Vex Pac L Q lsts. lo9
F W & D lsts tr.. 85%' Do Reg 2d5...... 49%
?en Elec 5s 108 .Union Pac lsts 45. 103'?
1 II &S A 5»....107 I.' PD & G lsts... 56%
D- 2,1s 103 Wabash Ist 5s 113%
H & T C 5s 11l Do 2ds :>; 7 ,
Do con 6s 11l W Shore 4s .......112V*
[ova C lsts 106 ;Va Centuries 82 .
La new consols 4s. 107 I Do deferred ' 7
L & X Uul 45.... 97% Wls Cent lsts 63%
Missouri Us 100 Colo Southern 45.. 86
M X & T 2ds 67>i I) Nay prefd 72
Do 4s 90%jPac Coast 43%
V V Central lsts.ll7 I.*1 .* Colo Southern 6»*
N J C 5s Ilf.'i i Do Ist prefd 40 7 i
North Carolina 65.. 123 I Do 2d prefd 19^4
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 22 Ontario 5 00
Crown Point J4 'Ophlr 60
jon Cal & Va.... 1 15 Plymouth 10
Oeadwood 40 : Quicksilver 150
Gould & Curry.... 24 i Do prefd 400
Hale & Norcroßß. 15n' Sierra Nevada .... SO
Homestake 50 00 standard 2 20
Iron Silver 72 Tnion Con 13
Mexican 27 i Yellow Jacket 17
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ;Ed Elec Tel 196
Tall loans 2(gf3 pen Elec prefd 150
Time Loans 304 Atchison prefd ... 604
Stocks— I Honda—
A T & S Fe IS% {tchlson 4s 884
Amer Sugar 124 1 * Jen Elec 5s 1084
Do prefd 11l ! Mining Shares-
Bay State Gas.. 3 1-16 411. mez Mln C 0... 64
Bell Tel 274 Atlantic 304
Boston & Albany.. 24s' Boston & Mont 267
Boston & Maine. .lso Hutte & Boston... 84Vi
Boston L 82 Calumet & Hec!a..6lS
I'hi Bur & Q 122^ii('entpnnial 30
Pitchburg 1074 1 Franklin 214
C»en Electric 93 | Old Dominion 32><i
Mexican Central... 54;Osceola 784
NY & N Eng 96 Quincy 141
Old Colony 198 Tamarack 173
jJr Short Line 42 Wolverine 324
Rubber 44 Wlnona 144
Inlon Pacific .... 43&4 [Humboldt 2\
J.'est End 89^ I Union Land IT,
VVestingh Elec 39 (Adventure 9%
Do prefd 62 '
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. 22.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Holiday idleness was the feature of the mar
kets here to-day, but prices were firm early.
They sagged toward the close. Americans were
firm until the afternoon, when they broke on
a sharp drop In Central Pacifies. A jobber
stuck with 263,000 shares unloaded suddenly.
When he finished the market rallied. Denver
preferred and Union Pacific were wanted.
There was considerable borrowing from the
bank for the end of the year.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, S7; Grand Trunk, ; bar
ellver, 2~%&; money, 3Vi per cent; Spanish 4's
closed at 46.
PARIS, Dec. 22.— Spanish 4's closed at 41474.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Dec. 22— FLOUR— I
19.C80 barrels; exports. 4400. The market was ]
more active and stronger, particularly for I
spring patents, winter straits and low-grade j
winters.
EAT— Receipts, 225.455 bushels; exports, j
258.359. Spot, firmer; No. 2 red, 78% ct. o. b. j
afloat. Options opened strong and higher on j
foreign buying and cables, with irregular
changes thereafter all day. On the Idea .of j
broadening trade sentiment , has grown very |
bullish and the short interest correspondingly |
timid. Several sharp advances occurred Jo-day
in sympathy with corn, followed usually by
reactions and realizing. The close was unset
tled at 4»?i4c net advance. March, 754'a.76c,
closed 75% c: May, 72 S-ieigTS^c, closed 72% c.
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— The general phases of the metal
I market were better to-day. Demand was active ;
i and offerings comparatively small, holders en- j
tertaining more arbitrary views. At the close 1
• the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants quiet but firm at $7 50
! nomlnaL
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged and firm, with
$12 85 bid and $13 asked.
TlN— Firmer, with $18 20 bid and $18 30 asked.
I LEAD— Firmer, with $3 80 bid and $3 82%
■ asked. Lead was quoted at $3 60 and copper
! at $12 75 by the firm fixing the settling prices I
1 for miners and smelters at the West.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
I to 5 points higher.* Sales. 18.500 bags, Includ
i ing December and January. $5 85; February.
$5 90; March, $6 05; May, $6 15; June, $6 20; July,
|6 20®6 25; September and October, $6 35. Spot
; coffee— No. 7 Invoice, 7c; No. 7 Jobbing,
! 74c; mild, steady; Cordova, 7%@15c.
j SUGA"K— Raw, unsettled; fair refining, 3%c;
: centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c; molasses, 3%c; refined,
weak, lower, mold A, 5 5-16 c; standard and
i confectioners' A, 4 15-16 c; cut loaf and crushed,
i 5 9-16 c; powdered and cube, 6 3-16 c; granulated,
5 l-16c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 1658 packages. Firm:
Western creamery, 15@21c; Elglns, 21c; fac
tory. 12@14%c
! EGGS— Receipts. 4000 packages. Firm; West
j crn, 26c; Southern. 22<g25c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Dec. 22.— California dried fruits
Q EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7@Bc;
i prime wire tray, B%c; choice, 9<g9>4c; fancy, 10c.
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— Royal. ll@14c: Moorpark, 14<fri7e.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 8%@12c; peeled, 18@20c.
,
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Dec. 22— The opening in wheat
was at a shade under yesterday's closing
price, May starting at 67% c. It sold as a
limit at 67V»c. Yesterday's sharp advance
caused a good deal of profit taking. The de
mand. ■ both from local traders and from the
outside, was unusually good, , however, and of
ferings were soon absorbed. The demand con
tinuing good, prices advanced steadily. May
reaching 68% c. Offerings were too heavy,
however, and it fell to 684 c almost as fast as
it previously had risen. Before noon another |
sharp advance took place, influenced partly I
by the firmness in corn and partly by strong !
continental cables, accompanied I by reports of I
better demand in foreign markets. The ad- !
vance carried the May price up to 68% c. At ]
that figure longs fairly tumbled over them
selves in the eagerness to realize and the
price dropped swiftly to 68% c. At the close
May was offered at 68%e, a loss of %c on the
day.
Corn was strong all day In spite of heavy
realizing by local holders. The market • was
over "calls" and had .to absorb the selling
against those previliges also, but everything
offered was snapped : at. Cables were strong
and higher and receipts were light. . Un
favorable weather was a great help. May |
closed %c higher.
Oats were very quiet. Prices were a little |
higher and the market closed firm. May gain- j
ing He
Provisions were active and strong. Light
hog receipts and stronger yard prices, with I
the firmness of grain markets, were the fac
tors. The market advanced steadily and
closed strong. May pork 17%(§>20c higher, lard
7%@10c higher and May ribs . , r .c higher/
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 66% 86% 66!4 66%
May .- 68% 68% 68 68>i
July... , «64 • 66% : 66% 664
Corn No. 2—
December 26 56% 354 364
May ...... 36% 374 36% 374
July 37* 37% 37 37%
Oats No. 2— ' — -*--
May 27% 27>,i 26% 27%
July... -25%- 25% 26 25%
■Mess Pork, per barrel —
January ...; 9 474 : 960 9 47V4 9 67%
May .......9 80 995 9 774 9 92V-
Lard, ; per 100 pounds —
January ............ 5 124 510 6 12% ■ 6 17%
May .....5 40 545 5 37% 5 42%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds — . • •';
January .....4 70 .4 75 4 67% . 4 72%
May ..■....'.;... 4 87% '4 92% 48S 490
■ Cash quotations were as follows: " •-' '-'
Flour, firm; No. 3 spring Wheat. C2<B6«Hc;
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1898.
No. 2 red, 68® 69c; No. 2 Corn, 36Uc; No. 2 Oats.
2fi'4c; No. 2 white. 2H%(S2^c: No. 3 white, 280
2S li jc; No. 2 Rye, S4oS4sc; No. 2 Barley, f. o.
b.. 41«?4Sc; No. 1 Flaxseed, $1 08: Prime Tim
othy Seed. $2 30; Mess Pork, per barrel, $S So4j>
8 37V2: Lard, per 100 pounds, $5 15(g5 22Vi: Short
Rib Sides, loose. $4 12'Afni 92 1 *; Dry Salted
Shoulders, boxed. 4y,(S'i%c: Short Clear Sides,
boxed. $4 S.Vff4 S7Vi; Whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gallon, $1 20; Sugar, cut loaf, 3.05 c;
granulated. 5.39 c.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 51,000 43, 010
Wheat, bushels 173,000 42.000
Corn, bushels 382, W0 73,000
Oats, bushels 116,000 257. 0>X)
Rye. bushels 30.000 6,000
Barley, bushels 87,000 17,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 14@20c; dairies,
13@18c. Cheese, quiet; S%i@lo%c. "Eggs, quiet;
fresh, 21@21 T -sc.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 511,110 34,020
Duluth 175,618 12,048
Milwaukee 52,660 37,55')
I Chicago 172.900 42,136
> Toledo 80,769 8,000
i St. Louis 41.000 20,000
i Detroit 11.109 4.72S
1 Kansas City 66,000 49,500
Totals 1.060,556 207,982
j Tidewater—
i Boston 125.73S
New York 225.475 253.339
Philadelphia 42,848 89,765
Baltimore 115,913 40,000
New Orleans 45.000
Galveston 60,900 4,000
Totals 576,871 467,101
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening 5 lUi 5 9^i 5 Si
Closing 5 11% 6 9% 6514
PARIS FUTURES.
' Flour — _
Opening S-45 80 45 10
I Closing 45 65 45 Oo
Opening 20 75 21 no
Closing =0 70 2100
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, Dec. 22.— CATTLE— Common and
medium grades of cattle moved off slowly to
day, but the general quotations were a trifle
higher. Common beef steers, $3 90<3>4 25; good
to fancy, $4 7SQS SO; stockers and feeders, $3®
4 40; calves, $3§6 75.
HOGS— Trade In hogs was active at about
the prices of yesterday. Sales ranged at $3 15
g3 25 for the common droves up to $3 40@3 45
for good to prime hea.vy; bulk, $3 30(£3 40, and
prime light fetching $3 37%; pigs. $2 90f3 20.
SHEEP— Trade in sheep and lambs was only
fairly good. The light supply prevented any
decline in prices, however, and lambs were
steady at $3 75'Jf3 30 for inferior to prime
flocks", sales largely $5@5 25; yearlings, $4 15@
4 30; sheep. $2^4 20: Western sheep, $3 50® 4 20.
Receipts— Cattle, 6000; hogs, 2S.000; sheep, 12,
coo.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 22.— CATTLE— Receipts,
5000; • market strong to ■ 10c higher. Native
steers, $3 25<fo 30: Texas steers, $3 25@4 75;
Texas cows, $2 40<8'3 50; native cows and heifers,
$3 1004 23: stockers and feeders, $2 25@4 10;
bulls. $2 60@3 60.
HOGS— Receipts, 15,000; market strong. Bulk
of sales, $3 25@3 37%; heavies. $3 27%@3 45;
packers, J3 25«3 40; mixed, $3 2003 35; lights,
$3 10@3 30: pigs, J3@3 15.
SHEEP— 2000; market firm. Lambs,
$4£is 40; muttons, $3@4 25.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Dec. 22.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1500;
market active, strong. Native beef steers, $4
(85 £0: Western steers, $3 30@4 80; Texas steers,
J3 60!g"4 10; cows and heifers, $304 i canners, $2
<??2 90; stockers and feeders, $3 fb®l 40; calves,
; bulls and stag?. » X©3 60.
HOGS — Receipts, 8600; shade higher. Heavies,
$3 3003 35; mixed. t3 324(53 35; light. J3 35<g>3 40;
pigs. $3&3 30; bulk of sales, $3 324®3 35.
SHEEP— Receipts, 900: market steady. Na
tive muttons, J3 50(5*4 30; Westerns, J3 40@4;
Etockers, $2 50@3 60: lambs. $4<gs.
DENVER.
DENVER, Dec. 22.— CATTLE— Receipts, 100.
Market dull and quiet. Beef steers. $3 75@4 25;
cows, J2 75C(f3 25: feeders, freight paid to river,
$3 50(54; stockers do, ?3 50@4 15; bulls, stags,
etc.. $1 75®2 50.
HOGS— Receipts, none. Market quiet and un
changed. Light packers, $3 30<rf3 35; mixed,
%Z 2563 30; heavy. $3 10(«3 20.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market dull and un
changed.
CALIFORNIA APPLES IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Dec. 22.— "A large Increase In
shipments of Pacific Coast apples abroad by
way of New York this year Is a noteworthy
feature of the fruit trade and Is exciting no
little Interest," says the Journal of Commerce.
"Large quantities of Newtown Pippins In
boxes weighing CO pounds net, grown on the
Pacific Coast, principally In California and
Oregon, have been sent to this city of late. They
have come in car load lots, principally via the
Erie railroad, and from New York have been
sent directly abroad, as are something like
nine-tenths of all the Newtowna grown In this
country- Exports this season have been de
cidedly larger compared with last season,
which virtually was the first time these Cali
fornia apples were sent abroad. This fruit li
packed In boxes, each apple being wrapped In
paper and each box containing four layers of
fruit. The bulk of these apples come from
Watson ville, Cal. They are exported partly
for account of English speculators and also
for several of the growers in Watsonville. Late
cables have reported a much lower range of
prices than that which has been ruling, fruit
netting back to New York from $1 75 to $1 50
per box.
"At the present time shipments are decided
ly lighter and much of the fruit which is now
arriving is being placed In cold storage In this
city for shipment later. It must be remem
bered that besides these apples in boxes, ship
ments to foreign ports of apples in barrels are
heavy. While the price for California apples
In boxes Is not as high as the average of last
season which may account in part for the in
creased business in this line, the average price
of the crop is above that of last year. This
is true especially of this country, where the
smallness of the crop and the Imperfect char
acter of the fruit have caused the payment
of high prices."
PRICE OF SUGAR REDUCED.
NEW YORK, Dec. 22.— The American Sugar
Refining Company announced a reduction In
the price of package sugar from $5 18 to $5 06,
equal to He a pound.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Dec. 22.— Consols, 110%: silver
27%d; French rentes, lOlf 75c; wheat cargoes oft
coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
sellers at advance 6d ; cargoes No. 1 Standard
California, 30s; English country markets, part
6d cheaper.
LIVERPOOL,. Dec. 22. — Wheat, steady:
wheat in Paris, dull; flour In Paris, dull;
French country markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 3-32 d."
WHEAT— Spot, steady. No. 1 red Northern
spring. 6s Id; No. 2 rpil Western winter. 6s.
CORN— Spot, firm. American mixed, 3s l^d.
Futures— Steady. December, 3s 10% d; Janu
ary mew), 3s 10% d; March, 3s lOVid.
CLOSE.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 22.— WHEAT— Futures
closed quiet. December, Ss 114 d; March, 6s
7V4d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 22.— Exchanges, t*H,
135; balances, $53,326.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 22.— The local Wheat
market Is unchanged. The prospects for much
new business before January 1 are very poor.
Nominal flotations are: Walla Walla, 58c;
valley and blue stem, ni@62c.
Cleared— Ship Poseidon, for Queenstown, with
94,419 bushels wheat; ship Tillie E. Starbuck,
for Helohl. with .">C2 barrelß flour, 1000 tons of
barley and miscellaneous cargo.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Dec. 22— Wheat-Club, 69c; blue
stem, 62@63c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 day 5...;.... — $4 82%
Sterling Exchange, 5ight............ — 4 SSV4
Sterling Cables — ;, ; 4 $ey
New York Exchange, sight... — • .15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — ; 1714
Fine Silver, per 0unce............... — . 5914
Mexican Dollars .................... — • 4714,
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS. : i
WHEAT— There was no L appreciable J change,
one way or the other. The market was dull.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, ni3%@l 16%; milling.
$1 20@l 22H- ' . •
CALL BOARD ■ SALES. '. A &&i '
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo ctl«
$1 19%; 78,000. $1 20.
Second Session— December— COOo ctls, $1 144.
R»(?ular Morning Session — May— 2ooo ctls,
II 19%.
Afternoon Session— May— l4.ooo ctls, $1 19U
4000. $1 19%; 2000, $1 194; 14.000. $1 194.
HARLEY— Was dull and unchanged.
Feed. %1 25@1 30; Brewing, $1 35@l 45 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2ooo ctla, $1 19.
Sellor 'iiy, new— 2ooo, 964 c.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
Jl 314-
OATS— The market is firm and higher, the
advance in seed descriptions being especially
marked.
Fancy Feed. $1 30lgl 324 per ctl: good to
choice, $1 25^1 274; common, $1 SO^l 224: Sur
prise, $135@1454; Gray, $1 25@1 224; Milling,
$1 27%®1 Z2% per ctl; Red, *1 45@1 60; Black,
$1 60if f 75.
CORN — The market continues strong, though
trade Is not very lively.
Small round yellow, $117@lS0; Eastern
large yellow, $1 10(f 1 12%; white, |1 12^®1 15;
mixed. $1 07'/2@l 10 per ctl; California white,
$1 12',i@l 15.
RYE— California, $1 17<,i«fl 22^4; Eastern, $1 15
per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15@4 25; bakers'
extras. $3 90(?4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in racks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 2J per ICO pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75 per
ICO; Rice Flour. $7; Commeal, $2 50; extra
cream Commeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4<?M 25: Cracked AVneat. $3 75; Farina.
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). J5 Ss®6 25; in sacks, $5 63@6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
There Is no change In any description, though
the feeling is firm all around.
BRAN— sls© 17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $19@20 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — tolled Barley, $26 50@27 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. JSl^l 50;
Jobbing, $32@?.2 50: Cocoanut Cake, $24@25: Cot
tonseed Meal, $2S(K3O per ton; Cornmeal, <23 iktoj)
24 60: Cracked Corn, $24<g25.
CALIFORNIA HAY— "Wheat. $16 50@18 for
good to choice and $14(g16 ior lower grades;
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat, $15@16 50-
Oat, tWqir, 50; Island Barley, $11@14; Alfalfa
$11(S12 50; Stock, $11@12; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— iFrom Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $13 50@15; Cheat
$11 75@12 75; Alfalfa, $10^10 50; Oat, $13 6CSjlo-
Clover, $11 50@12; Timothy, $11 50@13 per ton.
STRAW— Ss(g. Toe per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The situation remains unchanged. White
Beans are firm and colored weak.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 85©2; Small Whites, *2 15
@2 20; Large Whites, $1 80@l 95; Pinks, $1 95@
2 05; Reds, $3 15@3 25; Blackeye, $3 75@4; But
ters, $252 50; Limas, $3 25@3 35; Pea $2 23@2 40-
Red Kidneys, $2 •40®2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 50@4 75 per ctl
yellow mustard, $4 25; Flax, $2@2 25; Canary
Seed, 2U(g 1 per lb; Alfalfa, 5V.@6%c; Rape,
2%(&;2%c; Hemp, 2V>ji3c; Timothy, 6@0y.0.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 60@l 75; Green, II 76
@1 85 per ctl. •
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Vegetables continue to advance under In
creasing scarcity. Sweet Potatoes are also
much higher.
Rhubarb came In from San Leandro and
brought 1 10 c per lb.
POTATOES — 50@65c per ctl for Early Rose;
65<&"90c per sack for River Burbanks; Salinas
Burbanks, 75c@$l 25; Oregon, Jl@l 25; Sweet
Potatoes, $1 60 for Merced; New Potatoes \V><3)
2%c per lb. ™*
ONIONS— SO@BOc per ctl..
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 8@10c; String
Beans, 10(3'12Hc; Cabbage, 40@o0c; Tomatoes,
75c©|l 50 for Los Angeles; Egg Plant, 12% c per
lb; Garlic, 7@Bc per lb; Dried OKra, 15c per lb;
Green Peppers, 4<g6c per lb; Dried Peppers, 10@
15c; Marrowfat Squash, $B@lo per ton; Carrots,
25@35c per sack.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Turkeys went up again under moderate re
ceipts and a good demand. It is one of the best
Christmas Turkey markets we have had for
several years. At the close the tendency was
toward still better prices. The Eastern Ftock is
pretty much all cleaned up. Other Poultry is
unchanged.
Game is about as before.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 15@18o; live
Turkeys. 13',4@15c for Gobblers and 13V*®15c
for Hens; Geese, per pair, Jl 50®l 75; Ducks,
J*®6; Hens. $3 50® 4 50; young Roosters, J4@
4 50; old Roosters, J4; Fryers. J4; Broilers, $4
for large. J3@3 fO for small; Pigeons. $I@l 25 per
dozen for old and Jl 50@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail, $1 25; Mallard, $3@4 60; Can
vasback, $4(J?6; Sprig, $2f3; Teal, $1 25@1 B0;
Widgeon, Jl 50; Small Duck, Jl@l 25; English
Snipe. $2; Jack Snipe, Slfti 25; Gray Geese. $2 50
®3; White Geese. $1 25; Brant, Jl 25®1 75; Hon
kers, J3.-7f4 50; Hare, $1; Rabbits, Jl 50 for Cot
tontails and Jl for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGG 3.
There is nothing: new in this market, quota
tions for all kinds remaining unchanged. Trade
Is rather quiet.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 29@30c; iec
onds, 28c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 25@27c; common
grades, IS@24c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 17@lSc; pickled roll,
17@lSc for dairy and 19@200 for creamery
squares; creamery tub, 22@22Vic.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@16%0 per
lb; ElKin. 22<f/22MiC.
CHEEPE- Choice mild new, 12@12V4c; old. 10
®llc; Cream Cheddar, 12ig>12Hc; Young Amer
ica, 12013 c; Eastern, 10®l2c.
EGGS- Ranch Errs, GS'ff.'STHe per dozen; sec
onds, 20fi33c: Eastern, 22%@250 for ordinary
and 2S@3oc for fancj'.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Apples In barrels are higher. Otherwise there
Is nothing new.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Cranberries, $7 EO<glO per barrel for East
ern and $I@l 50 per box for Coos Bay.
Apples, 35@60c for common, 75c@$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 25(91 50 for choice. Lady Ap
ples, $1 23@1 75; Apples, in barrels, $5^9.
Pears— soc!ii SI 2"> per box.
Persimmons — Jlfi'l 2"> per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $I@2 60 per
box; Seedlings, 75c$z$l 50; Mandarins, llffl 25:
Lemons, 75c«j'Jl 50 for common and J2@3 for
good to clXii <■<•; Mexican Limes, $3 50@4; Cali
fornia Limes, 25©75 c per umall box; Grape
Fruit, $1 60<g3 50; Bananas, $1 Oo@2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3@5 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
Almonds and Walnuts are higher and active.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, 6Vfec for 40-50' s. 4H@
5c for 50-60' s. 3>i@3%c for 60-70' s, 2»4@3c for
70-80's, 2<4<g2M>c for 80-90's, 2c for 90-100's and
ll&@l%e for 100-110' s; Silver Prunes, 2H@so;
Peaches, G@7',4c for good to choice, 7V4SfBc for
fancy and 10<gl2^c for peeled; Apricots, 10@12c
for Royals and 12@12V2C for Moorpark; Evapo
rated Apples, 7l4®7Vic; sun dried. 4®4%c; Black
Figs, sacks, 2®2%c; Plums, 4%@6c for pitted
and lt&Hic for unpitted; Nectarines, 6@7c for
prime to fancy; Pears, 6@Sc for quarters and
8(&~9c for halves.
RAISINS— 3»ic for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, f>%c for four-crown, s"^@6Hc for Seed-
Ip?s Sultanas. 4',£c for Seedless Muscatels and 1
SI 20 for London Layers: Dried Grapes. 2%@3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, B@I2M;C per lb; Walnuts,
T'fi «c- for hardshell. 9®loc for softshell: Al
monds, 7(SBc for hardshell, 13@14c for softshell,
16Q IRe for paper-shell ; Peanuts, 6@7c for East
ern and 4'4<Bsc for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50
06.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and B@9o
for lower grades: water white extracted, 6mg)
"c: light amber extracted, 6c; dark, 6@s^4c
per lh.
BEESWAX— 24<g26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Trade Is quiet and will probably remain so
until after the turn of the year.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 7%0 per lb for
heavy, 8c for light medium, 10c for light, lO^c
for extra light and 12@12%c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10<g!10V4c; California
Hams, 9^@9»ic; Mess Beef, *10 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef, Jl2 50; extra
Prime Pork, $10: extra clear. J18: mess, Jls 50<9
16: Smoked Beef, 1H4«?12e per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5%c per lb for com
pound and 7Q7%c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
7%c; m-ib tins. 7%c; 6-lb tins, Be.
COTTOLEXE — Tierces, 57/ti«i6%c:5 7 /ti«i6%c: packages
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls, 60 In a case, 9Uc:
8-lb palls, 20 in a case, B%c; 6-lb pails. 12 in a
case, SMiC: io-!b pails, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B^c: fancy tubs. 80 lbs net. 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and , brands sell
about 10c under the quotations. , Heavy salted
steers. 10c; medium. S%c; light, 8c: Cowhides.
Sc; Stags, Cc; Salted Kip, 8c; ; Calf, . Sc; dry
Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands, : 12c;. dry
Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 13@25c each; short wool, 30@fl)c
each ; medium. 60@SOc; long wool. ' 90c@$l 10
each ; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75@2 for large and
75c for small; Colts, 50c; Horse Hides, dry, $1 50
for large and 50c@$l for small. ■
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3%<7?394c ."■ per tt>; I
No. 2, 2%c; refined, 4%<9>5c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— clips— Southern Mountain, ' 12
months', 7@9c: San Joaquin and Southern, ~ 7
months'. S(ffi9c; Foothill and Northern, free, 12
®14c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9@llc;
Humboldt and Mendocino,*l4@lsc; Nevada 9@
lie: Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
Fall Wools— , --..., .• ■
Humboldt and Mendoclno... 8011.
Northern Mountain 70 8
Southern .........:..... 6© 714
Plains 5@ 6
■HOPS— crop, 12V4®14c per It) for ordinary.
14%@15M>c for good and : 16@18o for choice to
fancy. ■
GENERAL, MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4%©5 c; Wool Bags, 2C@23c; • San
Quentln Bags., $4 85. ; ' ' ■/.
I Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; : Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle.
$6; ' Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, »7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland,' sß 60@9 in bulk and $10
@10 25 -In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14 ; : Cannel, {8 50 ' per ton '- Rock ( Springs i and
Castle Gate, $7 60; ; Coke. $12 per ton . in -bulk
and $14 in Backa.*«gßMtHtMß6«dHßnßßSGßHP>^i&j
< LINSEED OIL— Is higher .at 48c per . gallon
for raw and 50c for boiled in barrels; cases, 5c
.more. ■..•■--. ■. : : . .'■ ■ . ..-:.■..-...•■.■ -■..-'.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
, pany quotes, ; terms net cash: * Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated. 5%c; Dry Granulated, f%c: Confec
tioners' A. 6%c; California A. BHc; Magnolia A,
6%c; Extra C, 6%c; Golden C, si4c; half -barrels,
%c more than barrels, a- " boxes V4c more. No
order taken for less than 75 barrels or lta
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There Is nothing new to report In this mar
ket.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6%c; second quality, 6c;
third quality, 4%@5%c.
VEAL- Large. 6^@7>ic; small, 6^@Sc per It).
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7V>c; Ewes, 7c.
LASll3— 7'4i@Bc per It).
PORK-Live Hogs, 4&4% c for large, 4%<g4%c
for medium, and 3%@3V.c for small; stock
Hogs, 2M;@3c; dressed Hogs, 6@6Vic for prime.
PRODUCE RECEIPTS.
For Thursday. December 22.
Flour, qr sks 10.347 Hops, bales 50
Barley, ctls 2,270 Wool, bales 127
Corn, ctls 825 Pelts, bdls 195
. Rye. ctls 47:> Hides, No 496
; Cheese, ctls . 147 Powder, cases .. 2
1 Butter, ctls 119 Eggs, doz 6,650
Tallow, ctls .... 240 Quicksilver, flks. 56
Potatoes, sks 2,344 Leather, rolls .. 121
Onions, sks SllLumber, feet ... 10,000
Bran, sks I,l4s 'Wine, gals 40.600
Middlings, sks .. 300iBrandy, frals 2,5«0
Hay, tons 286 Chicory. Bbls ... ?0
Straw, tons 4 i ,
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 1.600 i
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 20 :
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were somewhat lower and
quiet.
The feature of local securities was the sharp
decline In Hawaiian Commercial from $58 87>4
to $55, and its subsequent recovery to $57.
Oceanic sold down to $62.
The official letter from the Justice mine for
the past week says that the south drift on the
370-foot level Is In 87 feet- The surface Is in
quartz and porphyry. T"his drift has been
stopped and work commenced in the face of
the west crosscut from the station. On the
490-foot level the south drift has been cleaned
out and retlmbered a total distance of 30 feet.
In the drain tunnel, the west crosscut on the
boundary line of the West Justice and James
G. Blalne claims was advanced 13 feet; total
length, 42 feet. It has reached the footwal! and
they are now drifting south on the ledge. Th/s
Is the annual assessment work, which is also
being done on the West Justice extension.
The German Savings and Loan Society will
pay a dividend of 4 per cent per annum on
term and 3 1-3 on ordinary deposits January 3.
The stockholders of the Ophlr Mining Com
pany re-elected the old Board of Directors,
composed of Charles H. Fish, A. \V. Havens,
Nat T. Messer, Herman Zadig, Charles Hlrsch
feld. K. Gauthler and John W. Twiggs. Charles
H. Kish was appointed president. A. W. Havens
vice president In place of Nat T. Messer, E. B.
Holmes secretary and G. McM. Ross superin
tendent. The representation of stock was 88,628
shares.
The stockholders of the Santa Rosalia Mining
Company elected the following directors: John
Daggetl John Reid, Hugh Tevis, I. G. Messec,
James McNabb, Charles G. Yale and Robert
Barnett. John Daggett was elected president,
John Reid vice president, Hugh Tevis secre
tary, J. \V. Pew assistant secretary and E. J.
Murray superintendent. The stock represented
was 79,249 shares.
The Napa Consolidated Quicksilver and the
New Idrla Quicksilver companies have each
declared regular quarterly dividends of 10 cents
per share and 10 cents extra, payable Janu
ary 3.
The Aetna Consolidated Quicksilver Company
has declared a regular quarterly dividend of
10 cents, payable January 3.
The dividends of the above mines aggregate
$50,j000.
The Bald Butte mine of Montana paid a divi
dend of $7.00 on the 7th.
The Consolidated Tiger and Poorman mine
of Idaho paid a dividend of $20,000 on the 20th.
This Is the first dividend by that corporation,
which is capitalized at $1,000,000, in 1,000,000 $1
shares.
The Gold Coin mine of Colorado will pay a
dividend of $10,000 on the 26th.
The Horn Silver mine of Utah will nay a
dividend of $20,000 on the 31st.
The Homestake mine will pay dividends of,
$62,500 on the 24th.
The Morning Star mine of California has Daid
a dividend of $12,000 this month.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Dec. 22.
Bld.Ask. Bid.Ask.
U. 8. Bonds— Pac L Co 49 —
4s quar coup.. — — SFG&E..— 86
4s quar reg.. — — San Fran 3Vi —
4s quar new... — — Stockton Gas. 10H 14
3s quar coup. .10614 — Insurance-
Miscellaneous — Flrem's Fund. 2ll —
Cal-st Cab 55. 115 117 Water Stocks—
Cal El 6s 125 — Contra Costa.. 60W El
C C Wat 55.. 10114 — Miirin Co .... 50 —
Dup-st ex c... — 9S\4 Spring Valley. lol 101*4
E L & P 65... 130 — Bank Stocks—
F & Cl Ry 65.114 — Anglo-Cal .... 64H 65
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Bank of Ca1...255H —
HC & S 5V4s. — 105 Cal S D & T.. 97H100
L A LCo 65.. 99 — First Nat10n1.225 —
Do gntd 65.. 100 — Lon P& A ISS —
Market-st 65. .128%— Mer Exchange— 11
Do Ist M ss. — — Nev Nat 8....176 —
NCN G R 7s. 108 — Savings Banks—
NRy Cal 63.. 116 120 Ger S & L..1625 —
NRy Cal 65..1«5>4 — Hum S & L.1050 1110
NPC R R 6s. 103 — Mutual Say. — 45
NPC R R 55.102V4102i,4 S F Say U. 800 —
N Cal R R 55.103 105 S& L 50.... — 100
Oak Gas 55.... 110 — Security S B 300 SSO
Om Ry 6s 127 — Union T C 0.1060 —
P &Cl Ry 6s. 107 — Street Railroads—
P&O 6s 112 — California ....109H —
Powell-st 65... 118 123 Geary 45 —
Sac El Ry 55.. — — Market-st .... 59^4 —
SF& N P Ss.llOVi — Oak SL& H. — —
SierraßCal 6s_lo4';.jlosu, Presidio t% —
SPof Ar 69.111^111% Powder—
S P C65(1905-C)112 — California ....148 —
SPC 6s (1912)118 — E Dynamite... 85 95
SPCIs eg ss. 103 — Giant Con Co. 60U 61
SPBr 6s imi — Vigorlt 3ft 3%
S V Water 65.11914 — Miscellaneous—
S V Water 45.102>/I — |A 1 Pac Assn.. 105*4106
S V W4s(3dm).loimol%lGer Ld Wk5..160 -
Stktn Gas 65.. — 105 Hana PI C 0... 11% IV/,
Gas & Electric— H C & S Co.. 56% 57
Capital Gas... — — Hutch S P Co. 64% 64 7 4
Cent Gaslight. los — Mer Ex Assn. i»0 —
Cent L & P... 16% 17H Oceanic S Co.. 62 62V4
Mutual El Co. 11 lmjPac A F A... 1% 1%
Oakland Gas.. — b2Va Pac C Bor Co.lol —
Toe Gas Imp. 85 — I Par Paint Co. 7% —
• Morning Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association 106 00
25 Bank of California 256 00
80 Central Light & Power 17 00
30 Giant Powder Con 59 75
5 Giant Powder Con 59 87V4
125 Hana Plantation Co 17 S7U
lir> Hutehtnson S P Co 64 S7Va
$1000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds.lo6 25
260 Oceanic S S Co 62 50
23 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 58 50
7." Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 57 00
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 56 75
150 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 56 50
130 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 56 00
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 55 25
325 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 55 00
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 55 50
4 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 00
Street—
10 Anglo-California Bank 64 25
Afternoon Session.
10 Alaska Packers' Association 106 00
70 Giant Powder Con 60 00
150 Hana Plantation Co 17 62^4
25 Hana Plantation Co 17 75
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 56 25
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar, b 3. 56 25
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 56 50
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar, b 3. 56 75
160 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar R7 00
200 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 56 87%
50 Hutchinson S P Co 64 75
100 Oceanic S S Co 62 00
10 Spring Valley Water 10100
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
25 Market Street 69 00
30 Market Street 59 12U
Street
50 Central Light & Power 16 00
Afternoon Session.
5 Central Light & Power 17 25
20 Central Light & Power 17 00
10 Equitable Gaslight 8 50
50 Hawaiian 54 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 17)200 Ophlr 61
50 Challenge 18 200 Overman 07
100 Con Cal & Va..l 10 *00 Potosi 16
400 Mexican 28; 50 Yellow Jacket.. 20
Afternoon Session.
SOOCon Cal & Va..l 05 200 Sierra Nevada.. 79
100 Confidence 60 100 Sierra Nevada.. 78
300 Gould & Curry.. 22 1000 Union Con 12
300 Hale & Norcrs. 10 300 Yellow Jacket.. 23
SCO Mexican 30 300 Yellow Jacket.. 24
SOO Ophir 48
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
tOO Belcher 18 700 Mexican 27
150 Best & Belcher. 34 600 Ophir 50
700 Best & Belcher. 33 700 Ophir 46
JflO Chollar 15 600 Ophlr 47
tCO Con Cal & Va.l 07H 500 Overman 07
500 Con Cal & Va..l 05 700 Potosi 15
100 Con Cal & Va.l 02M: ROO Seg Belcher 04
300 Con Cal & Va..l 00,600 Sierra Nevada.. 80
200 Crown Point 16 5 00 Sierra Nevada.. 77
500 Exchequer 02 8 00 Sierra Nevada.. 76
600 Gould & Curry. 24 1 1500 Union Con .... 14
600 Gould & Curry. 231800 Utah 09
JOOO Gould & Curry. 211400 Yellow Jacket.. 20
500 Kentuck 10 200 Yellow Jacket.. 21
600 Mexican 2S
Afternoon Session.
JOO Andes 05 500 Ophir 46
400 Belcher 19 600 Ophir 47
1100 Best & Belcher. 33 600 Ophlr 48
r.OO Best & Belcher. 34 300 Ophir 49
TOO Best & Belcher. 32 tOO Overman 07
100 Con Cal & Va.. 97 500 Savage 11
»00 Con Cal & Va..l 00 "500 Seg Belcher 03
*oo Con Cal & Va.l 02M, 300 Sierra Nevada.. 77
5100 Con Cal & Va.l 05 1400 Sterra \Nevada. 78
200 Gould & Curry.. 21 1100 Sierra Nevada. 79
1400 Gould & Curry. 22 300 Union Con 12
800 Gould & Curry. 23 1500 Union Con .... 13
400 Hale & Norcrs. 10 500 Union Con .... 14
600 Mexican 2S l 3oortah 09
400 Ophlr 45 1 1200 Yellow Jacket. 22
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Dec. 22—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha Con .... 03 04 Julia — 02
Alta 07 09 Justice 15 1'
Andes 03 05 Kentuck 09 11
Belcher 17 19 j Lady Wash .. — 05
Benton Con ... 04 10 Mexican 26 27
Best A- Belcher 32 33 Occidental S5 —
Bullion 02 O.tOphir 4S 49
i.'aledonia 22 23 Overman 06 OS
piollar 14 16'Potosi 14 16
Challenge Con. 15 17 Savage 10 12
Confidence 58 60 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va. 98 100 Seg Belcher.... — 04
Con Imperial.. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 77 7S
Crown Point... 15 17 Silver Hi 11...... — 04
Con New York. — 05 Syndicate 05 10
Eureka Con ... 30 — Standard —?. SO
Exchequer — 02 Union Con 12 13
fiould & Curry 21 22 Utah 08 11
Hale & Norcrs. 09 10 Yellow Jacket.. 20 22
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Conrad Kuppel to Eliza Ruppel (wife), lot
on W line of Broderlck street, 25 N of Hayes,
N 25 by W 110; gift.
Agathe L. Vlllergla to Jeanette C. and Alice
E. Patridge. lot on S line of California street,
131:3 W of Baker, W 25 by S 137:6; $10.
George E. Mosher to Rose Mosher (wife), lot
on E line of Sanchez street, 53 N of Nineteenth,
N 25 by E 100; gift.
Edward McGlnnis to Delia McGlnnls (wife),
lot on E line of Howard street, 220 N of
Twenty-fifth. N 25 by E 122:6; gift.
Luea C. and Ellen L. Jancovich to Annie
Herzo, lot on N line of Pacific street, 45 E of
Leavenworth, E 23 by N 60; $2000.
H. W. Gallett to Judson Manufacturing Com
pany lot on NW line of Howard street, 400
SW of First, SW 25 by NW 85; $10.
George W. and Mary E. Wright to Harry A.
Wright, re-record 1789 d 3G7, lot on E corner of
Fifth and Welch streets, SE SO by NE 275; $10.
W. J. and Frances G. Bartnett to California
Land and Granite Company, lot on SE corner
of Tenth avenue and I^ake street, E 95 by ri
100; $10.
J. D. and Mary V. Befgs to Dr. C. A. Bur
rows, lot on N line of 0 street, 107:6 W of
Forty-second avenue, W 25 by N 100; $100.
Louis and Sophie Kahn to C. Svane, lot on S
line of Crescent avenue, 23:4 E of Pprter street,
E 23:4 by S 75, lots 76, 78 and 80, Holiday map
A; $337.
Alameda County.
William T. and Sarah B. Harris to C. W.
Hamerton, lot on S line of Isabella street, 355
W of San Pablo avenue, W 39 by S 139:2V4. be
ing portion Gunn Tract. Oakland; $10.
G. Gustafson an* F. Kings (by commissioner)
to Home Security Building and Loan Associa
tion, lot on S line of W Thirteenth street. 312
W of Kirkham, W 26 by S 110, being portion
Center street Home lots at Oakland Point, Oak
land; $746.
Wilhelmena Targeson (administratrix of es
tate of Lief Targeson, by commissioner) to
same, lot on W line of Center street. 170 N of
Folsom. N 40 by W 133.75, being lot 41 and S
15 feet lot 40, block 18, Curti3 Tract, Berkeley;
$345.
Henry C. Thomas to B. M. Newcomb, lot on
NE corner of Vine and Arch streets, N 129:11,
E 100, S 129, W 100. to beginning, block 1.
Berkeley View Homestead Association, war
ranty deed, Berkeley; $1000.
William H. and Idela A. R. Marston to
same, lot on N line of Vine street, 100 E of
Arch street. N 122.50. E 45.80. S 119.40, W 45.96.
to beginning, being portion Berkeley View
Homestead Association, Berkeley; $10.
Christian and Margaretha Becker to Eliza
beth Dufur, lot on N line of Thirtieth street.
465 W of West, W 60 by N 140, being lot 29,
block 2033, Rowland Tract, Oakland; $10.
San Francisco Savings Union to Charles W.
Harter, lot on N corner of Eighth avenue and
E Ninth street, NE 60 by NW 70, being lots
39 and 40, subdivision block 11, Clinton, East
Oakland; $525.
George J. Wagner to Alfred Wood, lot on E
line of Edith street. 76 S of Cedar, S 40 by E
100, being lot 14, block A, Edith Tract, Berke
ley: $200.
Alfred and Elvlna Wood to Timothy C. Ken
dall, same, Berkeley; $10.
Caroline M. Runkle to Lucy Hale, lota 3, 4
and 5. block 26. resubdivlsion of Townsite of
Fltchburg, formerly Fitchburg Homestead lots,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Martin and Adele Gogo or Jojo to Pierre
Somps, lot on NE corner of Clement avenue
and Oak street. E 25 by N 145, being lot or sub
division 1, block 43, lands adjacent to Enci
nal, Alameda; $10.
Cornelius, Frank and Albert Roach to Morris
Roach, undivided >,4 interest In lot on NE cor
ner of Oak street and Enclnal avenue. E 50 by
N 140, being lot 5, block J, lands adjacent to
Enclnal, Alameda; gift.
H. P. and Emma E. Moreal to W. E. Brown,
lots 1, 2. 3. 5 and N 10 feet of lot 6, all of lot
17. S % of lot 16, all of lots 20 to 25, Bay Side
Tract, Alameda; — .
Builders' Contracts.
Michael Heffernan (owner) with Judson Manu
facturing (Company (contractor), architect T.
J. Welch — Cast and wrought iron work for a
6-story brick building on W line of Taylor
street, 137:6 S of Turk. W 82:6 by S 46:6: $3165.
Same with M. V. Brady (contractor), archi
tect same — Brick and stone work and terra
cotta for same on same; $7590.
Same with Henry Jacks (contractor), archi
tect same — Carpentry-, joinery, glazing, hard
ware, plastering, ventilation work for same on
same; $12,300.
Pelton Water "Wheel Company (owners) with
E. L. Hallawell (contractor), architect Walter
J. Mathews — Carpenter ami iron work, exterior
and interior finish, stairs, plastering, plumbing,
tinning, painting, etc., for a 4-story brick
building on NE line of Main street. 206:3 NW
of Howard, NW 68:9 by NE 137:6; $5450.
C. S. Benedict (owner) with John Furness
(contractor), architect E. Kollofrath — All work
for alterations and additions to a 3-story frame
office building at 362 Geary street, between
Powell and Mason; $3645.
Ada S. Egerton (owner) with Z. O. Field
(contractor), architects, Curlett & McCaw. All
work for a 2-story frame building on E line
of Baker street, 62:6 N of Fulton. N 25 by E
95:7%; $3720.
Thomas Ashworth (owner) with George H.
Tay Company (a corporation, contractors), ar
chitects. Newson & Meyer. Heating plant in
building to be erected on NE corner of Mason
street and O'Farrell alley. N 32:6, E 137:6, S
50:10%, W 60. N 18:414. W 77:6; $1265.
The grave of an unmarried woman in
Turkey Is often indicated by a rose carved
In stone.
TUB CALLS CALENDAE.
December, IS9J.
I
We
Moan 'a Phases.
I*3- Last Quarter,
"it December 6.
1
S
j^l Moon.
vi/ December 18.
15
33
14
tl
16
"if
irst
•^ First Quarter,
19.
©Full Xoon.
December 27.
r.
?J
SI
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 23.
Sun rises 7:22
Sun sets 4:56
Moon sets 3:29 a. m.
O ITime! iTlme (Time Timel
S- I 1 Ft- I Ft. I Ft. Ft.
!» L W] H W L. W H W
! ... 1:05 2.7 7:39 6.7 2:49 0.0 9:44 3.9
I ... 1:54 S.O 8:20 6.S 3:37—0.4 10:44 4.1
i ... 2:42 3.1 9:W 5.9 4:20—0.7 11:34 4.2
I ... 3:28 3.2 9:39 5.S 4:59;— C.S
H W L, W H W L. W
r ... o^B 4.3 4:13 3.3 i 10:17 5.8 5:34!— 0.S
... 0:56 4.41 4:56! 3.3] 10:53 5.6 6:071—0.7
i ... 1:30 4.5| 5:38| 3.2) 11:32 5.3 6:40—0.5
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrofrraphic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., De
cember 22, 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. D. P. N.. in rhar*e.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
From.
Mlneola iTacoma [Dec. 23
Walla Walla.... i Victoria & Puget SoundiDec. Zi
Corona |San Diego I Dec. 2.
Pomona IHumboldt |Dec. 23
Bristol IDeparture Bay IDec. 23
Aloha (Point Arena 'Dec. 23
Signal IPortland |Dec. 23
Leelanaw Seattle iDec. 2!
Fulton Portland !Dec. 24
Del Norte Tlllamook iDec. 24
Alliance lOregon Ports )Dec. 24
Empire ICoos Bay IDec. 24
Washbenaw ITacoma IDec. 25
Orizaba ;Newport iDec. 25
Samoa IHumboldt iDec. 25
State California Portland Dec. 26
Wellington Departure 1 Bay IDec. 26
Wyefleld Nanalmo IDec. 2C
Chilkat Humboldt IDec. 28
Santa Rosa iSan Diego I Dec. 27
China IChlna and Japan |Dec. 27
Weeott lYaqulna Bay ! Dec. 27
Arcata ;C;oo S Bay Dec. 27
Centennial ,Seattle Dec. 27
T'matllla I Victoria & Puget Sound Dec. 28
Acapulco [Panama Dec. 29
Coos Bay iNewport Dec 29
Point Arena.... Point Arena Dec. 29
North Fork Humboldt Dec. 30
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer, j Destination. I Sails. Pier.
Coos 8ay... ! Newport iDec. 23, 9 am Pier 11
Chilkat JHumboldt | Dec. 23, 2 pmjPier 13
Columbia ..'Portland Dec. 24, 10 amjPler 24
Pt, Arena. .[Point Arena.. Dec. 24, 3 pmiPier 3
Gaelic IChina& Japan Dec. 24. IpnvPMSS
Aloha ;Point Arena.. |Dec. 24, 5 pm'Pler 2
Corona San Diego Dec. 25. 11 am. Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 25, 2 pmjPier 9
Orizaba |Newport Dec. 27, 9 amjPier 11
Walla Wall i Vie & Pet Sd. Dec. 27, 10 ampler 9
Alliance ... Oregon Ports. ! Dec. 27, 10 ami Pier 20
City Para.. 'Panama --nee. 28, 12 m-PMSS
Alameda ...| Sydney |Dec. 28, 10 pmlPier 7
State of CaliPortland iDec. 29, 10 am Pier 2*
.Santa RosalSan Diego Dec. 29, 11 amiPter 11
Weeott |Yaquina Bay. l Dec. 29 1
ICnos Bay Dec. 29, 10 ami Pier IS
Signal 'Grays Harbor Dec. 29 1
Steamer.
Destination.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit tha
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navipailon and all matter*
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.'
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, TJ. S. N.. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. December 22.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwing, 16 hours from Fort
Bragg, bound south; put in to land passengers.
Stmr Cleone, Miller, Crescent City.
Jap stmr Chitose, Goodall. from sea.
Tug Relief, Randall, 50 hours from Astoria.
Schr La Chilena, Matsen, 10 hours from Fort
Ross.
?ehr Newark, Beck, 16 hours from Bowens
Landing
Schr J B Leeds, Nelson, 414 days from Eu
reka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, IS hours from Monte
rey.
CLEARED.
Thursday, December 22.
Stmr Queen, Jepsen, Victoria and Port Town
send; Goodall, Perkins & C>.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Nor stmr Titania, Egenes, Nanaimo; John
Rosenf eld's Sons.
Ship Tacoma, Pedersen, Manila, via Hono
lulu; U S Q M D.
Bktn Ruth, Challeston, Caroline Islands; J
F Cunningham Co.
Bark Haydn Brown, Paulsen, Nanaimo;
Chas Nelson.
SAILED.
Thursday, December 22.
Stmr Queen, Jepsen, Victoria and Fort Town
send.
Stmr Arcata, Reed, Coos Bay.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwing, southern ports.
Nor stmr Titania. Egenes, Nanaimo.
Ship Tacoma, Pederson, Manila, via Hono
lulu.
Fr bark President Thlers, Obalskl, Liverpool.
Pchr Monterpy. Beck, Bowens Landing.
Schr Confianza, Jensen, Coqullle River.
Schr Reliance, Stelnborn, Flska Mill.
Schr Lily, Bottger. Umpqua.
CHARTERS.
The Fannie Kerr loads wheat at Portland for
Europe, 31s 3d; Westgate, wheat at Tacoma
for Europe, private.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec 22, 5 p m— Weather
hazy: wind NE; velocity 8 miles.
Schr Chas E Folk, Brown, 12 days from Port
Blakeley.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT Li'DLOW- Arrived Dec 22— Schr Ban
gor, from Kailua.
COOS BAY— Sailed Dec 22— Stmrs Signal and
Alliance, for San Francisco.
Ear bound Dec 22— Stmr Empire.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Dec 21— Schr
Emma Claudina, from Honolpu; echr H C
Wright, from Kahulul; schr Laura Madsen,
hence Dec 30.
POINT ARENA— Arrived Dec 22— Stmr Al
cazar, hence Dec 21.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Dec 22— Schr
Monterey, hence Dec 21.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 22— Br stmr
Garonne, from Honolulu.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Deo 22— Br bark
Ahhy Palmer, hence Dec 3.
EUREKA— SaiIed Dec 22— Stmrs Pomona,
North Fork and Westport. for San Francisco;
schr Bertha Dolbeer, for Newport; stmr Bruns
wick, for San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 22— Stmr Samoa, henc© Dec 21.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Dec 21— Br stmr Em
press rf Japan, for Vancouver.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed (no date)— Br
ship Gen Roberts, for San Francisco.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Dec 20— Stmr Acapulco,
for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMEBS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 22— Stmr Cuflc.
from Liverpool; stmr Karama, from Mediter
ranean ports.
Sailed Dec 22— Stmr Edam, for Amsterdam.
BREMEN— Arrived Dec 22— Stmr Saale. from
New York.
HAMBURG— Arrived Dec 22— Stmr Norge,
from New York; stmr Phoenicia, from New
York.
GENOA— Arrived Dec 22— Stmr Augusts Vic
toria, from New York.
QUEEXSTOWN— SaiIed Dec 23— Stmr Britan
nic, from Liverpool, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Dec 21— Stmr Belgen
land. for New York.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
fch. Steamers leave Broadway
wiWfc, wharf. San Francisco:
' w'flEl^. or Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
I |»»riSg!9S Dec. 2, 7. 12, 17. 22. 27. Jan. 1.
■ ¥*&. laUl^Sa change at Seattle.
' H&9H For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
BMbw«»>l C), Port Townsend, Seattle.:
r^^g^^S« Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
, ■ and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m. t Dec. 2. 7. 12, 17, 21.
S «7 Jan • 1. and every fifth day • thereafter.
change at "Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. acoma to N. P.
Rv at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. . -. "■•
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Dee.
E 10. 15. 20. 25. »0. Jan. 4, and every fifth day
' * For^Santa Cru*. Monterey. San Simeoß.
! Cayucos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Dec. 8, 7. 11. 10. 19 23. 17. 81.
Jan 4 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
in.. Dec. 1. 0, 9. 13. 17. 21, 25, 19. Jan. 8. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro«a.ta
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., Dec. 17. Jan.
For further information obtain folder. •
The company reserves the right to Chans*
without previous notice steamers, falling; date*
•r^ t^itrs nf pnlHne'.
TICKET oniOE-4 New Montgomery
': street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
• 3PO' R; TXj -A. N.p;
From Spear-street Wharf at 19 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Inolndir* Berths
rAnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails .....v:.Dec. 14. 14
STATE OF CAL. sails..... Deo. 9, - 19. 29
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte,
. Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
. B. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
■' (French Line)
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS -—_
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday rfS*SffiTk
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North «n«Mb
River, foot of Morton street. - .
LA N0RMAND1E................. Dec »1
LA GASCOGNE "jan 7
LA CHAMPAGNE..... '. '" " jan 14
LA BRETAGNE.... """ Tan ?1
LA NORMANDIE .........■■""■■"••jan 2S
First-class to ■ Havre, ' |90 and" upward. 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre, Ho, 10 per ecnt reduction round trin
aSt^ rA R vA L A GE , N £ T F ° "Sited States
A D p CANADA 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, S
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. ■
/ssB&&ftWfflsMf£ The s - s - ALAMEDA
WlTl^rawfiiJHillßLsalls via Honolulu and
if jM W£ » for Sydney
PNWHlllfll Th S. S. December
fl l l9illL sai| s via Honolulu and
w!lb for Sydney
V Wednesday December
§{^S^ l 2S at SIOPA^TRALIAS 10P A^TRALIA
jfe^y ,G/»Sfli»'»H. . sails -: for Honolulu
]&Sr (OfflßafithWednesday. January
Line to COOLGARDIE Australia, and CAPH
TOWN. South Africa ■
; J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
' -■■• ■: ■■ : -■- ■ 114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office— 327 Market St., San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVEB STSAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and 5at........
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m ex. Thurs.).
Fridays ...:........: 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
5unday5...;..;.... 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
•Landing and offices-Mission Dock. Pl« X ■
, Telephone Main 1508. , • SLUGGISH IS
THE BETTING
AT INGLESIDE
Coin Burnt Up at the
Start.
THE "KICK" IS GENERAL
MISS MARION MADE HER FIRST
APPEARANCE.
Paul Griggs Failed to Sulk — Hardly
in Winning Form—Tirade Left
the Maiden Class — Four
Choicts Won.
The racing at Ingleside yesterday was
dreary and uninteresting. The crowd was
large enough, but it has lost faith in tne
! , and the betting was very light.
As the time dragged wearily on, four fa
vorites won.
The opening event for two-year-olds was
captured by Tirade, the 8 to 5 choice.
The price seemed a generous one, and the
youngster won comfortably from Stron
goli, a son of the exported sire Strom
boll. There was considerable confusion at
the start, and ra> idea of the ability of
Alaria could be gleaned.
The best effort of Myth was nothing to
about, notwithstanding which the
gelding was installed a 6 to 5 choice for
the mile and a sixteenth selling run. lie
was unable to finish inside the money.
Hardly, the entry of Ch^.-lev Fink, • kked
ie running before haT the distance
had '<■ ed, and won cleverly from
Lady Hurst, Lena was an ordinary third.
For some unknown reason Colonel Dan
was made favorite for the six furlong
sprint that followed, lie ran a shif: *
was easily beaten for nrst'mon-
Bonnle lun»\ ridden by Devin. The
winner was 4 to l throughout the bet
ting. Mocorito, wretchedly ridden
Gray, finished third.
The mile selling run was gathered in by
Pat Dunne's Tom c'alvert, the even
money favorite. Caldwell deliberately left
Ocorona at the post, and the Dunne en
try won handily lrom Ulm. Frank Jau
i'.as third.
In the fifth race, at six furlongs, the
gray horse, Paul Grins, wore blinkers.
and made a show of his field. The ring
1 Lid the long price of 9 to 5 against the
Dunne, entry, and he won from the very
start. Zamar experienced no difficulty in
taking the place from Major Cook.
The last event, at five furlongs, was
a practice spin for Miss Marion, the
2 to 7 favorite. The start wan a weird
lon, and the others had no chance.
Ann Page fortunately took the place from
R( y Hooker.
Track Notes.
Mrs. Henry Walsh, guardian of Jockey
Joe Pisgott, died at her residence on aic-
Alllster street yesterday morning from
heart failure. She was the widow of the
ran horseman. Henry Walsh.
Cash Sloan received a letter from
Jo< key Dick Clawson yesterday in which
the lamr says he will not visit ralifornia
this winter, but is attending school. If
Sidney Paget comes this way. it will prob
ably be with Tod Sloan, the conqueror
• ,!' Woodland and all England.
Governor Sheehnn was out in front for
a piece and then fell out of it. He pulled
up vory lame.
r th«> .showing made by Highland
B.<;i yesterday it really seems as if the
a could reconsider the ,ruling made
-t. Eddie Jones.
To-Day's Entries.
Vir=t Race -Pix furlong*: two-year-olds:
Whaleback IIS 361 Rosebeau 113
rade 118 (349)BaUista 118
DunpraiM IM 897 Merops 113
Second Race— furlongs; maidens:
?2 Bland 100 335 Martello 100
2:>; Peach Blossom.. 97 ... Goethe 107
3t5 ievoy 10" 337 Sierra 81anc0.. .10.
353 Silver Girl 97 162 De Los Rey5....107
314 Espirando 107 353 My Dear. '.
300 Scintillate 107 397 St. Kn.stine 97
23fi Meikarth 107 356 Lomo 112
250' Mora bella '..107
Third Race— One and an eighth miles; handi
cap; over five hurdles:
(393)Reddington ....'Adi- 393 Rossmore 130
303 Viking 158 : 393 Tortoni HO
»KS)Grun/er 149 333 Durward .......130
3" Major S 137 333 Octu ruck US
375 P F ............132 -
Fourth Race— Seven furlongs; handicap: ■
376 San Venado 114 3SS Topmast .....;. .107
(3s2)Morlnßa 114 (371)Novla 100
(■JODPauI Griggs....llv . f .
■ Fifth Race— furlongs: selling
f3*2)Lady Brttannic.lo7! 384 Don Fulano ....110
■♦« Tom Smith. 107 1 330 Outaway 110
St Lee .;wIIOJ 34 Whltcomb 107
365 Joe Vl'.man 1071 354 Hohenzollern ...110
30S Myth 1071
Sixth Race— One mile; two-year-olds:
ardtnan 103 334 Baby King..
ra Ives 105 I 400 Ulm , IDS
:.thus 113!
Selections for To-Day.
•Wrst Race— Balllsta, Rosebeau, Tirade.
. Second, Race— Sevoy. Esplrando. Martello.
Third Bace— 'P F, Ockturuek. Reddlngton.
;h Race— Pan Venado, Novla, Paul
Origcs.
Fifth Race— Joe Ullman, Whitroml), Myth.
Sixth Race— Olinthus, Baby King. Ulm.
WATER POLO TOURNAMENT.
Bullfrogs Defeat Pollywogs by
Three Goals to One.
The first game in the water polo tour
i.ament at the Olympic Club was played
Wednesday night between the Pollywogs
;ind the Bullfrogs, the former captained
by G. A. ilir.kc-1 and the latter by W. S.
Taylor. The two halves of fifteen min
ifofl each were played. The game was
very keenly contested. During the first
the Bullfrogs scored two goals, both
of which were thrown by A. W. Taylor.
After changing ends C. Melrose threw a
roal for thf- Polly wogs. while A. W. Tay
. (led In throwing one for the
Bullfrogs No further score being made
before the call of time, the game ended
la a vnctory for the Bullfrogs by throe
K'iais to one. The names of the men
composing the teams and their positions
.• rewith:
Pollywogs. Position. Bull Frogs.
Forward A. E. Cooper
G. Ha.b«rnicht Center forward. W. S. Taylor
C. Mel] Forward A. W. Taylor
A. W. I':i|.. Haok J. Coffroth
L. Hammersmith. .Center back.... George CYoal
J. J. Phillips Hack J. Hobfon
George Jhliu' -i Coal keeper. ...C. T. Krellng
During the evening the handball try
outs resulted as follows:
Hampton and Bennett beat Morton and
lagan. Score, 61 to 41.
Hampton and Bennett beat Harrison and
aunes. Score, 51 to 16.
Bush and Bowman beat Mallon and Duffy.
Score. ; 21-8. 21-13, 21-13.
The medals won at. the championship
regatta held at Long Bridge on November
6 were distributed to the winners by W.
C. Espy, president of the regatta commit
tee of the Pacific Association of the Ama
teur Athletic Union. The medal winners
were as follows: ' .
Senior barge race— Alamedas first, Pioneers
second; ' • ■
Intermediate barge race— Ariels first, Pioneers
second." • ••■'■ L; ". ■ • '' '*■
Junior barge Pioneers first, Alamedas
second; • • ■ ;
Senior shell race— A. W. Pape of the Dolphin
Boatinsr Club. fc
Junior shell race— J. Klunder of the Pioneers.
Junior outrigger skiff race— A. Webb of the
Alameda Boat Club first. W. G. Hansen of the
A lamed a Boat Club second.
Senior out rigged skiff race— F. Ayers of the
Alameda Boat Club first, C. Ochs of the Pio
neer Rowing Club second.
The Original Little Beneficencia Publics
Company of San Francisco, Drawing
December 22. 1808.
Ko. 4091 wins $3750 00. sold in San Franclncn,
Cal.: No. "5439 wins 11250 00, sold In San Fran
cisco Cal.; No. 67758 wins $625 00, sold in S«n
Francisco, Cal. ,Km. 8343, 17RS1, 2S7sfi. 3»!S4fi and
7C747 pnoh win $G2 50. sold in San Francisco,
Cal., and Stockton, Cal. Prizes cashed at 35
New Montgomery St., Son Francisco. Cal. •
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
HTGLESTDE BACE TRACK, Thursday, Dec. 22, 1898.—Twenty
■econd day of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track
slow.
EDWIN F. SMITH, Presiding Judge. JAMES F. CALDWELL,, Starter.
00*7 FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse.
Weight.!
4m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeva.
3fi7 Tirade V
KS Stronfoli 1
391 Earl Islington 1
247 St. Kristlne 1:
... Alaria 1
353 Racivan V
SBl Watossa l:
3SI Merops 1
2
5
7
I
3
4
1
*
2 4
l 4
6 1
7
5 1
3 h
4 h
2 4
1 1
6 2
7
.5 4
3 4
4 h
1 h
2 4
3 4
7
4 h
5 2
6 4
1 1
2 6
3 8 ■
* 4
6 4
6 6
7
pson. .
3-2 8-5
5 11-2
5 7
50 100
2 7-2
5 9
15 50
&0 SO
it. [ martin
c i
ISpencer
H. Shields....
Ames
•Left
Time— l 4. :25H; *». :38',i: H. 1:04. Winner, J. N. Drake's b. c. by Rousseau-Termagent.
Good start except Merops Won first three driving.
The underpinning of Tirade is not of the best. He had nothing to give away. Stron-
golt Is a "comer." Alaria was badly bumped at the start. Islington can win with a
jockey up.
Scratched— Master Lee 115.
OQQ SECOND RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling;
OC7C3« purse, $400.
1
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. t-'td.
•4m. i,m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
357 Hardly, 3 US 4
.uly Hurst. 4 107 1 2
' -na, 4 104| 6
SBl Myth. 4 104! 5
359 Greyhurst, 4 104 1 1
. . 5!,..-ehan, a. ...118 .'(
3 4
6
5 4
4 1
2 4
1 h
4 2
6 h
6
3 h
2 1
1 5
2 4
6
5 4
4 4
3 1
1 2
1 1
2 4
4 2
3 4
5 4
6
1 4
2 h
4 4
3 4
5 6
6
1 h
2 2
3 1
4 6
5 25
6
W. H.
mcer 1
jrpe
5 9-2
5 5.
5 11-2
1 6-5
10 25
20 75
II
Martin....
J.
Ward
tter
Time— l-16 07 ; ":-l6, :3VA; 9-16. :57;Y3-16, 1:25: mile, 1:45; 1 l-16m.. 1:514- Winner, C. P.
Fink's eh. f. by imp. Candlemas-Perhaps. Qood start. Won first three driving
Hardly wa- pounds the best. Lady Hurst was tired at the end. The previous race of
Myth showed he needed a rest. Greyhurst was short.
OQQ THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
Index Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
— — — . I
332 Bonnie lone, 3 99! 5
370 Col. Pun, 3 IM 4
■' *orito, 3 1W 7
3!>o Kamsin, 5 104 3
... Castake, 3 99. 1
360 Cherrystone, 6 107 6
337 Eventide, 5 104! 2
5 2
5 h
4 2
2 n
1 2
7
6 1
4 4
2 -j
5 8
3 h
1 h
6 2
7
1 h
2 1
34
4 h
6 8
6 h
7
1 2
2 n
3 2
4 14
6 10
6 40
7
Devin
J. Woods
Gray
H. Martin....
4 4
2 2
2 4
• 3 4
10 12
20 100
JO 100
Powell
J. McCarthy..
Rutter
Time— hi •''s V '.4 :514' V * :1S - Winner. J. Cochran's eh. f. by imp. Rossington-
Bourne O. Good start. Won handily. Second and third driving.
Bonnie lone got a sweet ride. Col. Dan ran his race. Mocorito might have won with
a rider up. Gray was intended for some other business. Kamsin ha« bad legs. Castake
was short.
4 Of) FOURTH RACE-One mile; all ages; purse, $500.
Index Horse. Age. Weight.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
874 Tom Calvert, 3 113
348 rim, 2 87
tSO Frank Jaubert, 5... 114
3*o Elidad. 3 113
342 Edgemount, 6 109
357 Ocorona, 2 88
4
3
1
2
5
•
5
l 4
1 '*
2 1
4 4
3 h
2 4
4 10
1 h
5
4 15
1 ! s
3 1
2 h
5
2 h
3 2
1 4
4 50
5
1 2
2 h
3 4
4 100
5
H. Martin
J. Ward
McNichols ...
Fallehy
I. Powell
Devin
1 1
10 8
6 15
8-5 6
10 100
2 7-2
Time— U. :2s 1*:1 *: % :524: %. 1:20; mile. l:4r,?i. Winner. P. Dunne's b. c. by Hindoo-Pure
Rye Good start except Oeorona. Won first three driving.
Calvm was in several pockets and then won. Elidad will win with a jockey up. Oeorona
was left by an incompetent starter. She could have won.
-401 FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
; purse, $400.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St.
4m.
Km.
Str.
Jockeys.
3.'.2 Paul Grlggs. 4 113
347 Zamar 11. 4 107
<2\5) Major Took. 6 104 1
".:.:> First Call. 3 105,
(890) Bweet William. 4...M7 1
302 Highland Ball, 1....100
3M Torsion. 5 107
348 Una Colorado, 6—1146 — 114
V,-> Paul GriKKS 4 11313 ... «4 11 13 12 ■ H. Martin 9-5 8-5
347 Zamar II 4 107 1 ... 1* 2h 2h 2 1 Thorpe 2 2
2ss> MaTnr Cook 6 104 15' ... 54 4 4 3 4 3 2 Devln 12 20
V.9 First Vail 3 I.'::: 105 6 7 4 7 4 6 4 4 3 McNlChols ... 7 9
«oi s«wi \V iliam M7 1 7 ' ... 42 3 4 41 5 1 Spencer 6.9
mm Torsion 5 . 107 2 ... 63 62 .73 (3 Ames 12 30
MS Una Colomdo. 6::::lo4 8 ... 8 8 8 8 ■ Rutter ..,,.».._ 25 100
Time— U. :25Vt : 4- :»0%: %• 1:17*4. Winner, P. Dunne's gr. h. by Imp. Order-Lucy Lisle,
flood start ' Won easily. Second and third driving. ■
Crisis had blinkers on and failed to sulk. The start was a razzle-dazzle one. The
ethers were out of their class.
Scratched— Pat Murphy 104. ■ -
3
1 ■
5
I"
4.
2
8
t 4
if
4 2
3 1
6 3
■8
1 1
2 h
4 H.
7 4
3 Vi
5 5
6 2
8
1 3
2 h
3 4
6 4
4 1
6 h
7 3
8
1 2
2 1
3 2
4 3
5 1
6 6
7 3
8
Af\(\ SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, 1400.
Index. Horse.
Weight.
■>'m.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
.. Miss Marion 1071 2
378 Ann Page H 1
378 Rev Hooker lV 4
355 Stamina 105 1
155 Bnnewor 1021 *
1 4
2 2
4
3 2
1 5
2 2
3 4
4
1 6
2 3
3 4
4
1 8
2 4
3 1
4
Ward
Powell
ltter
Reiff
1-4 2-7
10 30
4 13-2
15 40
7 11
oods
Time'-U '25 • **. :**%; H. IMM. Winner. B. Schrelber's b. f. by Himyar-imp. Astolat.
Bad start. Yon' easily- Second and third driving.
The Ftart ruined the chances of all but the winner.
THE POOL BOX
NOW DECIDES
PRIZE FIGHTS
Denny Was Robbed
by Stelzner.
SLOGGER BEATS AN EXPERT
■
TWENTY ROUNDS OF BOXING
AND WILD SWINGING.
./■",'. .. — — : ~~~
Sammy Maxwell Given a Decision
Which He Was not Entitled
to According to
Rule.
The rankest decision ever heard of In
this city was given last night by "Vag"
Stelzner at the end of a twenty-round
contest between Sammy Maxwell and
Martin Denny. He awarded the fight to
Maxwell. _
Jim McDonald was selected to referee
the bout, but owing to the death of his
mother Stelzner umpired the bout.
The contestants fought the limit, which
was twenty rounds, and the story of the
"mill" can be told in very few words.
Maxwell Is a native product who has
very little science, but what he lacks in
the fine points of the game he made up
in wild rushes and aimless swings.
Denny, his opponent, is one of the
cleverest boxers the people of this oity
have seen perform within a ring. He fid
dled around Maxwell as a cooper fiddles
around a barrel.
From the first to the twelfth round
Maxwell rushed and flung his opponent
every way around the ring and against
the ropes, swinging rights and lefts at
Denny, all of which the Australian easily
avoided by the prettiest footwork the
most exacting patron of the sport could
possibly desire to see.
Maxwell, who is as Btrong as a prize
bull, continued to chase his active and
clever opponent from corner to corner of
the ring, missing continually his attempts
to land. Denny finally took the measure
of his man and it was a revelation to the
admirers of clever boxing to see him
draw his awkward adversary out and
then send in straight lefts, all of which
landed on Maxwell's eye, nose or mouth.
Denny adhered to the rules of Queens
berry, "which say that when the contest
ants score equal points in hitting, side
stepping, avoiding punishment by clever
footwork, stopping, countering, ducking,
etc then only must aggressive tactics
be taken into consideration.
Denny certainly did not stand like a
longshoreman in front of his powerful
opponent and exchange blow for blow,
as at such a game he could expect but a
limited chance of success. He was not
there to enter into a slogging game, but
on the contrary he fought according to
rule and clearly outclassed his opponent
in every particular excepting rushing
tß fn 'the sixth round Denny, in breaking
away from a clinch, was hit a hard right
fiwin'g in the left eye, which somewhat
dazed him, but he rallied and retired to
his corner at the end of the round, all
riKht with the exception of a disfigured
optic Excepting in this round Maxwell
did not score— thatis, if Queensberry rules
are to be taken into consideration. But
according to the referees of the present
day the pugilist who fights according to
the rough-and-tumble style will win a de
cision over the clever and polished ring
general.
Denny used hie right only a few times
during the mill; his left was employed
from start to finish and its execution was
[ plainly manifest at the cad of the engage
THE SAN FBAJfCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1898.
merit, as a glance at Maxwell's face was
sufficient to show the damage the mem
ber had done. Maxwell's left eye was |
closed. hiß right eye was deeply in mourn- j
ing. his nose was like an upraised tnoun- |
tain, and his lips wen 1 swollen to twice
their natural size. Denny's left eye was
badly disfigured from the right-hander
he received, as previously stated, in the
sixth round, and with that exception he
retired from tho battle without a mark.
In the thirteenth round he sent his op
ponent to the boards with a sharp left
hand smash on the jaw point; but Max
well was up in a jiffy and, rushing madly
at Denny, he swung his right like a novice
at Denny's head, missing the target by a
foot and falling on the floor from the im
petus and the result of poor foot work.
With the exception of Maxwell's wild
and awkward charges and his very poor
judgment as regards distance in hitting he
certainly scored nothing according to
Queensberry rules, but when it is taken
into consideration that "pool box rules"
govern the fights of the present day
then it is to be presumed Maxwell was
entitled to the decision which he received
from "Vag" Stelzner, who, as a pugilist,
I; :ik bad as h>- is that of a referee.
William Cole got' a decision over Billy
Finnerty in a 10-round bout, which was
really the event of the evening, and "Kid"
Hogan knocked out Tom Murphy in the
ninth round of a 10-round contest.
STANTON DID NOT
APPEAR TO ANSWER
IS SAID TO HAVE FLED FROM
RAGAN'S WARRANT.
Justice of the Peace Barry Issues a
Bench Warrant for His Arrest
and Fixes Bail at $1000.
E. D. Stanton failed to appear In Judge
Conlan's court yesterday morning when
the case against him for attempting to
extort a bribe from School Director Ra
gan was called. Dr. Ragan was in court,
accompanied by his attorney, Reel B.
Terry.
Stanton's name was called three times
by the court bailiff, and when there was
no answer, acting Prosecuting Attorney
Donovan said the defendant had been re
leased on his own recognizance by Judge
Belcher, and when a continuance was
asked at the previous calling of the case
it was at once granted. He thought the
defendant had shown disresrect for the
court and asked that a bench warrant be
issued for his arrest and his bonds be
fixed at $2000.
Attorney Terry remarked that he bad
good reason to believe that the defendant
would not appear at any time, and back
ed up the Assistant Prosecuting Attor
ney's suggestion that the bonds be fixed
at J2OOO.
Justice of the Peace Barry, who presid
ed, thought that $1000 bonds would be suf
ficient, and he so ordered. Previous to
making the order Prosecuting Attorney
Reynolds of Judge Low's court, who had
moved for the previous continuance of
the case, was sent for. and he explained
to the court that he at that time acted
for Samuel C. Irving of the Grand Jury,
and he had no connection with the de
fendant. The bench warrant was made
returnable next Tuesday.
A Husband's Brutality.
Mrs. Rose Croekner, a pretty German
woman, called at the Receiving Hospital
yesterday morning and had a contused
side attended to. She said she lived with
her husband, a ladies' tailor, at 251. Minna
street, but since she had arrived from
Germany about four months ago to join
him he had systematically abused her by
kicking and beating her. Although ne
earned $25 per week he refused to sup
port her. After her injury was attended
to she said she would swear out a war
rant for his arrest, but she did n6t do so.
Entered by Burglars.
The saloon of J. Marlowe, at Eighth
and Natoma streets, was entered by bur
glars early yesterday morning and a
large quantity of whisky and other liquors
carried off. Marlowe reported the bur
glary to the police yesterday, and Detec
tives Ryan and ODea were detailed on
the case. Two men are suspected, one
of whom was among the "drunks" yes
terday morning.
Stuart Robson tells how to -win
success on the stage in next Sunday's
Call.
ARCHITECT
MEETS WITH
ARCHITECT
Relations That Were
Often Strained.
AN EXPERTING OF THE EXPERT
THE NICE POINT OF A PUNC
TUATION POINT.
Efforts of the Senate Committee to
Get Down to the Founda
tion of the Ferry
Matcer.
The Senate Investigation of contracts
and contractors, specifications original
and specifications revises, often develops
into a war of the architects. These great
builders of the houses of the common
wealth occasionally take the field, or
rather the floor, to be mor« parliamentary
than military, and plan clashes on plan,
while the grave Senators look on and
wonder where they— as General Dickinson
said yesterday — are at.
When the ferry structure was piling
itself high on its concrete foundations and
the costs were piling themselves high on
the original estimates somebody with an
eye to the solving of intricate problems
and a soul to clouds of facts and figures
began to call for light along the ways of
its construction. The Senate committee
into whose hands the matter finally
tumbled employed an architect to expert
the whole affair from conception to cu
pola. J. W. Reid, the architectural in
vestigator selected to do the work, labored
for months along the rugged ways gone
over by the State Harbor Commission in
the task of rearing the great mass of
steel and granite on the water front of
this city.
Expert Reid's figures said a number of
things not nice on their bare face. He |
j intimated that certain contractors found j
building ferry structures an exceedingly j
good thing. Of course the contractors ,
said "no such thing," and came down to J
the investigation armed with denials. The |
expert said in the jumble of the plans and
specifications the Commissioners lost |
sight of the subject of costs until almost j
$100,000 had been distributed somewhere, >
certainly not over the building. They in
effect came back with the word "jumble," |
and said the report Keld read was a
jumble of figures.
Architect £. R. Swain, who drew up the
revised plans, stands by his work, and I
between Expert Reid and himself there is ]
architectural war which marts from a
COUTteotaa and technical discussion and i
passing rapidly up story by story until \
their relations get into the condition |
known as "strained." .
Yesterday Mr. Swain raised his hand ]
against his brother architect, figuratively ;
speaking, until Senator Dickinson re- j
minded the two gentlemen that he was .
due in the cupital on the first Monday in |
January and to save time now they must
*J C. Bateman of the firm of Bateman
Bros., contractors of wood work in the
first and second stories of the ferry build
ing, testified before the committee yes
teTh*> 'original plans of the work called
for partitions, etc., of oak at a cost of
$13 624. and by the revised plans kiln-dried
pine was substituted which, with a doub- |
ling of partitions and other additional i
work, was figured at $21,543. It was held
by the contractor that if the revised plans
had been carried out in oak the cost i
would have been $30,160. and It was :
claimed that the State saved the differ- |
ence, $8617. Around this arose much dif- i
i ference of opinion, and it was denied that
j the original plan did not pail for oak par
titions. General Dickinson asked for the
! original plan, which Is locked uo n the |
! safe deposit vaults, and succeeded in un
covering a resolution adopted by the I
Board of Harbor Commissioners which
read as follows in the board's minutes:
oak to kiln-dried Oregon pine To omit all fur
nishing In mezzanine story- Total, J23So.
The simple English of these lines set
tled Senator Dickinson into the positive
knowledge that oak was oak, whether in
the original plan or out of the revised.
Contractor Bateman objected to Expert
Reid's version of the resolution, stating
that Reid had slightly changed its sense
by changing a word and particularly by
using a period when there should be a
semicolon. This was a revision of a re
vision, which changed oak to pine, a
botanical transformation to a dot-of a
pen or an Inflection of a voice. General
Dickinson again broke into the discussion
I on the shades of punctuation as applied
I to ferry depot construction and remind
ed the debaters that the committeemen
were not there for the purpose of going
into the niceties of the details, but for the
single object of finding how many dol
lars if any, the State is out of pocket in
her ' ferry building account. Architect
Swain accused Architect Reid with try
ing to mislead the committee with his
period and relations were straining again
I when the calm, rebuking voice of the
general spoke peace and eased up on the
tension. . .
Failing to get the disputants down to a
common ground in their figures, from
which the committee could start In the
! oak-pine matter, General Dickinson asked
the witness what was the area of the
I work done in those stories. This was a
! poser, for neither contractor nor archi
tect nor plan could answer. The chairman
insisted on an answer, stating that they
must get back to first principles or to
some point whence they could make some
headway, and finally get somewhere.
A number of queries which appeared to
be models of simplicity, brevity and con
ciseness failed to bring out any part of
the needed Information and the investi
gators in the vernacular of the water
I front, "fetched slap up on the rocks."
To extricate themselves from the dilem
ma General Dickinson proposed that Con
tractor Bateman employ another expert
architect, at the expense of the State, to
measure those pine-furnished rooms. The
architects of the committee and commis
sion would be present to see that the third
I expert did not run any revised measure
| ments in on the investigating Senators.
! This was agreed to and to-day both par
! ties will learn how many feet of pine were
i put into those rooms. The committee ad
journed until 10 o'clock to-morrow for the
I purpose of giving the expert a day to get
| his measurements.
BURIED THE HATCHET.
Two Olympic Club Cycling Annexes
Have Amalgamated.
At a special meeting of the Olympic
Club Wheelmen and the OljTtiplc Cyclers,
held Tuesday evening, it was decided to
amalgamate the two clubs under the for
mer name, and by that act the famous
Olympic Cyclers have gone out of exist
j ence, or more properly speaking, have
gone back where they came from— have
been swallowed up by the club from
which they emanated originally.
About three years ago certain dissatis
fied spirits in the Olympic Wheelmen re
signed and formed an opposition club
called the Olympic Cyclers. The good
fellowship of the few soon attracted the
many, and the cycles became a floulsh
ing institution, thriving in a room right |
alongside the wheelmen in the big Post
street clubhouse. The cyclers never :
aspired to be racing men and seldom |
even held club runs, but when they did
take an outing in the country it was done
upon a magnificent 6cale. The club would
foot all the bills, and a guest who did not I
get a whole roast chicken to himself and
several bottles of liquid refreshment had I
reason to feel himself slighted. After a I
sumptuous lunch would come an after
noon under the shade trees listening to
the club's talent, and as the Olympic min
strels were practically all from the cy
clers the entertainment was long and
varied.
Even good things get tiresome, how
ever, and when the interest in its club
runs began to wane the cyclers had lit
tle cause for existence, save to fight the
wheelmen. These differences having been
patched up Tuesday night's reconciliation
and amalgamation was but natural, and
the Olympic Cyclers are no more.
The annual election of the Olympic
Club Wheelmen will he held January 10.
A nominating committee was chosen at
Tuesday night's meeting to select a new
board, consisting of T. J. Meherin, chair
man; Henry Russ and F. G. Montealegre.
Vincent Loos, brother of W. L. Loos,
chairman of the racing board, has arrived
in the city and will make a permanent
stay here.
Wilbur F. Knapp, famed as announcer
at a race meet here several years ago, who
has been in Chicago for over a year past,
is expected back to-day or to-morrow and
will hereafter have his headquarters on
the coast. No man In the trade will re
ceive a more cordial welcome home.
The Pacific Cycling Club held its an
nual election Monday evening, with the
following result: H. Plagemann, presi
dent; Lawrence W. Pryor, vice president;
Charles W. Etting, secretary-treasurer;
L. Rankin, captain; Herbert R. Hicks,
lieutenant. The club Ip progressing and
will soon celebrate its fifth anniversary.
The deciding game of the Cycle League
baseball series between the Olympic Club
Wheelmen and the Bay City Wheelmen
will probably be played at the Velodrome
next Monday afternoon. These two clubs
are now tied for first place, but with an
even shake down the Bay Citys should
win easily.
Tho Bay City Wheelmen will have a
big time at the clubhouse next Monday
evening, the occasion being the annual
holiday jollification of the club. The
house committee Is going to set up a
Christmas tree and try to prevail upon
"Pinkie" Stoddard to take- the role of
Santa Claus for the distribution of such
gifts as the members desire to inter
change among themselves.
GRATIFIED A THIRST
FOR GOOO CHAMPAGNE
A PROMINENT CLUB MANAGEB
MUST PAY THE BILL.
Thought the Drink Divine Was for a
Member and Delivered Many
Small and Large "Bots."
The members of a prominent club in
this city, where some of the best-known
business men are wont to meet daily and
dine, are greatly interested in a swindle
that has just been perpetrated by which
the club's manager has lost fourteen bot
tles of champagne.
On the night before election the man
ager was called to the telephone and was
told that the person addressing him was
a member of the club in good standing
and brother of the club's secretary. He
said he was giving a party and desired
some champagne and would send his
office boy after it. In due time the boy
appeared and was given eight pints of
wine. Some hours later the telephone
was again used by the member. His
guests had developed unexpected thirst
and he wanted to replenish his supply
from the well-filled cellars of the club.
He would send his boy after it.
This time the messenger carried away
six quarts of the drink divine.
Nothing developed about the matter
until Saturday when the bills for the
month were sent out. The wine had been
duly charged to the member whose name
had been used when it was ordered by
telephone. 'When he saw the items
charged to him he protested, saying he had
ordered no wine nor had he received any.
At first it was thought that some prac
tical Joker, of which there are a number
in the club, had ordered the wine as a
joke and would in due time acknowledge
the part he had played. This theory has
been abandoned. The manager of the
club will pay $20 to the messenger boy if
he will come forward and tell where he
delivered the wine.
This trick has been played on a number
of the clubs, and one man is serving at
the present time a term in the County
Jail for playing the game. In the present
case the operator must have been famil
iar with the club and the habits of this
member, otherwise the member might
have been in the room when the message
purporting to come from him was re
ceived. The trick, with a number of
variations, has been played before, and
merchants should be on their guard for
just such use of the telephone.
No Joke.
As we don't pay $1000 a month rent, you
can buy men's and boys' clothing, hats
and caps, neckwear, etc., for the holidays
at 25 per cent less than on Market street,
sure. L. V. Merle, "The Old I. X. L.,"
corner Sixth and Mission streets. •
The Fire Commissioners.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday
afternoon and fined Edward Welsh, ste
ward of chemical engine 1, ten days' pay
for being in a saloon while on duty. An
application from the Richmond District
for fire protection was received and
placed on file.
Story of the King of Counterfeit
ers in next Sunday's Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•i
I
be-
lieve
that
Doctor
Keeley's
finger is on
the world,"
so said the
eminent Doctor
Ta mage in speak-
ing of the Keeley
Treatment, lie and
other prominent men
endorse the Keeley Cure
Send for printed matter that tells
all about It.
THE KEELEY INSTITUTES.
1170Markot Street, San Francisco,
Donohoe Building.
Lankershim Building, Third and
- Spring Streets, Los Angeles. '.
- Fred A, Pollock, Manager.
•.• . ■
&Sfr^''^^fw M EY c no
fjlffl "^SMfiPs Specialists for Men
&I|n f^. /& *^S wcakneit and con-
\\ Wk I '/"■ \S ftf tr * c **^ ailmcnti ulnce 1881.
'"^ p'r«tio« In th« U. 8.
Jfc9*£ v Tnfortuntte men wlio i-»n-
t&M) \. l\\aLwiwj2rS not r » n 'boulJ writ* for ».l-
'iWtIL-^CqSSK t1c * * b<l privtte b<xik —
CST..L..HCD 17 TEAM. n J££™*fL»..
All lottcn confidential. No Charge for Consultation .
731 ftslfJcJSCO }Efev»fr Entrance.
MCT D i / 1 T A Kwtem vitality
'Men V I I M lost vigor.
Jj2PS| ■ AND MANHOOD
Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
lfl|9f| diseases, ill effects of self-abuse. or excess and
«T"^J| indiscretion. A nepre-tonic and blood-builder,
1 <^4rV Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and re*
b, s¥>w / stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
WA^mL boxi © boxes for $2.60; with a writtea
aSJSf^jlf^guirsntee to cure or refund the money. -;
Ikrpita medical cc., CHnton « Jackion it*., CWcag*.
I ,\V AU-iiit BROS,, M Grant ay*,, Baa Fraawico.
;.I v v ADVERTISEMENTS. ", ;v .:
&ff jFßf*' *. i KTPf if '■ '• ■ ■ "- ' - ?jr tv
'Ifc^ tt^&^'^liw tuff - '^^S E^^fci»iil
1 ldrV til ill \\ \
| Piper Heidsieck I
ff •" Plug Tobacco i|
Jr during action or cruising — aboard in
ship, or ashore — on watch, or "be- Ar
»J low/ It never loses its flavor in any 1
gr climate, and is not affected by salt air. %|
W An Admiral's chew! ! $j
m Is any chew too good for, you ? Cl
1 CHAMPAGNE FLAVOR. |
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
California
Limited
Santa Route
Connecting: Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY. ■-,
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following .Thursday, Saturday
• - and Tuesday— Arriving in New
- York at l:3O P.M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday. .... .. : - '■
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE-— B2B MARKET ST.
. . TELEPHONE MAIN 15SL
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— West Santa Clara St.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. COL
- LESSEE , . . .
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAM FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEU
! WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; U:IS.
! 1:20, 6:10, I: so p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
! at 11:80 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at I:s*
and. 11:10 p. m. . .
BUNDATS-8:00, 1:30. U:M a. m.; 1:38. IA
1.-W, 6:20 p. m. . .
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATB— 7:60. 1:10.' 11:10 a. m. ; U:43y
1:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
I:E6 and 1:15 p. m.
SUNDAY 8:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. !:«.
• :00. 6:26 p. m. ' , , -» -;; :
Between San Francisco and Schuetsea Park
same schedule as above.
l*av« ■ • . Arm*
San Francisco. In Effect San Franclsoa.
• October If, ■
Week Sun- 1888. Sun- -I Week
Days. days. Destination. da.,*. | Days.
taOam 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am B:4oam
l:»0pm 9:toam Petaluma, 1:10pm 10:1 am
i:lopm :00pm Santa Rosa. 7:36 pm ilium
Fulton.
140 am Windsor. 10:8 aa
Bealdsbunr. ,
Lytton, ■ . ; • : >
Geyserrllla, i -■ " ■ .
•:topiß 1:00 am Cloverdal*. 7:85 pm 1:88 pa
Hopland and
f:»sro 8:00 am Uklaa. 7:Bs pm ttipm
1:10 am 10:ttaa
8:00 am Ouernevlll*. 7:SSpm
1:80 pm _^_ J «:Mpa
1:10 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:Mu
and ' ■ ~
1:10 pm B :00 pm Glen Ellen. 1:10pm 6:81 pa
"7- am $-00 am SebastopoL 10:40 am 10:16 am
8:10 pm 6:oopm ' . 7:3s pm| »:«pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
•ervtlle for Skaggs Sprlngrs: at Cloverdale fof
' the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Bprlnga, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlatt
Sprtars; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Bprings. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno, . Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's. BuckneU'a,
Sanhedrln Heights, HullvlUe, Booneville, Orr*«
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Brags.
Westport, Usal, Willltts. Laytonville. Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's, Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka. ' : .
Saturday to Monday round ' trip tickets at
1 reduced rates. .
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
key ond San Rafael at naif rates. • . . ,
Ticket Office*. 6EO Market St.. Chronicle bldf.
B. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
Osneral Manager. . Q«n. Pass. Ageat. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. nw ;.
From Nov. 10. 1898. trains will run as follows.
Bouth-bound. I North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. ' :.- MIX d - *»» eQ -
rer ianday •■-•■■- . ' ". Sunday ger..
Dally. Kxc'ptd Station*. Exc'ptd Dally.
B:9oam ln'*oaml n '*0 am . Stockton 3:45pm 5:50 pm
10 10 am 2:05 Merced :40 pm 4:03 pm
11:40 am s:3opm . Fresno 9:3oam 2:32pm
12:38pni 7:45pm -Hanford ' 7:45 am 1:35 pm
' I:2opm 12:30 am Bakersneld 2:3oam 11:25 am
| 11:58 pm B:sopm . ' Vlsalla -. (:40%ml 1:15 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
' For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Of nee, 321 Market
street, San Francisco. . ' ■
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
,*.-,; ■■_-, (Via Sausallto Ferry.) .-•
Leave Ban Francisco, commencing Sunday.
Bent. 11. 1838: -
week Days— a. m., 1:45 p. m. ■
: Sundays— B:oo,: 10:00. 11:80 a. m., 1:18 p. m.
-Round trip from Mill Valley. $1. ru
THOB. COOK & SON. Agents, 621 Market
: * * et « San Francisco. .
V^W Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M-g-Jto C 25 KEABNT NT. Established
R*!ff"sß9 In 1834 for the treatment of Private
■ iftbjWf Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
MB nlseaSHWearlnjton bod van d mind and
JLjHmflLTl Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
jSHMBMBfI others fall. Try him. Charges low
iiiMiHi Tin rs [1111 11 [ii wnli lii Coll or write.
Dr. J. *'. GIBBON, Box XBO7, Ban Fcaadsco,
BATLaCAD TRAVEL.
Mt>UTHKKN (•Avirici (OJIPAMT.
(PACIFIC STHTBM.) . . I
Train* l»sv« »n<l «rr due to nrrlv« at
' NAN »'KAN«:iM«'O. .---..
v (Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — Fkom Dec. 18, 1838. '—'abbot
•O:O*a Niles. San Jose andHr'ay Stations... *Bi4Sa.
7:OOa. Beuicis,, Suisuu »nd Sacramento . . . 3:43
7:«Oa Marjaville, iiroviileaiiU Redding Tia
TVoodland 5>43p
7:00 a Elmira, Vacarilln and Runisey B:4Sp
7:30 a Martinez, Ssu lUiucn, Vullejo, Nopa,
C'alistoga »nd Hanta Rosa C:lsr
8:00 a Atli^itic Kxpreu, Ogdeu and l'»»t.. 8:13r
ti::i«A Bau Jose, Lireraore, Htockton, ■-.
lone, Sacramento, \ Plaoenille,
Marymillo, Chlco, lteil HIIIIT 4ilSp
HiSOa 'Milton, Oakdale and Jamestown... 4:lSp
OiOOa Martinez, Tr»cjr, Lathrop, Btockton,
M. red hi.<l Fresno 12:19p
0:00 a From.., Uaketslield. SauU Karliara, ,
•• * ' • Los Angeles, Doming, El Paso,
New Orleans arid Bast ........... C:4sp
lOiOOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations ?i43r
12i00m Niles, Livermore, Stockton, Users-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Vissiia,
PcrterriUa 4:IBp
•liOOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers *Btoop
4:OOr Marline?.. Bail Ilaiiion, Vallejo,
Nujiii. Oalistnua, SaiiUltosa B:lfta
4ioor Bern- la, VaoaTille, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing, '--'">-,.
MarysTille, Ororille. 10:45 a.
4:S«p Niles, San Jose and Stockton - 7:1S»
3:«opßan Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bakersfield, Los
■ Angeles * 0:45*.
5:30p Stocktoa, Merced, Fresno 1 2: 1
st3Ot> Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
.--.■...•. Mi j..ve. Saata ilarbara ami ix* ~- .
A iiK«les 9:4!) *
*3i3op Pacinc Coast Limited. El Paso,
. .:^ Fort Worth, Little Rock, Bt.
' Louis, Chicago and East {0:43p
SiSOp Santa Fe Jtimte. Atlantic Express
for Moja»« anil ICaH 6:4Sp
«:OOr Kurnpenii Mall, Ogtlnn and Kast.... 9:4»a
8:OOp llaywards, Niles and San Jose 7:45 a.
•Oi«Oi- Vallejo 1 8: 1 .1
:7:«0p Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
tious t9:4»r
8:00 v Oregon Haoraiiientn, Marys-
villa, Ui-iMiiiK. l'ortlaud, l'ii(et
Sound anil Kiutt StISA
il0:O5p Limited. Fresno, l.os
.- -Angeles, Xl Paso, New Orleans
and Ea»t .-... 61i4a»»
SAN I.KA.M>IM> .(Ml HAVWAItIK LOCAL. i
(Foot Of Market Street,.)
"1 llelro^f, Sruilnarr I'ark, "
«:OOa Ht«-lil>ur«. Klmiiariit, 6:13 a
i9:ooa Sau licantlrii. Ktiiith San 1*9:43*.
lO.OUa Lcanilro, KNtuilillO, IO:I5\
• 11:00 a ' Lorenzo, Cherry • «*««»r
ll:«Op %nt \ Cl*i»#
-=«»«• I Run. HajnanU. 7 * S *
7soop i Ruus through to Nlles. "***
) t From Nllec. ;; J.
.', COAST DIVISION (Narrow «ange). • ...
! Market Street. 1 . -••.,'
' B:lSANcwark.C!enterTllle.BanJose,Felton,
; Boulder Greek, Santa Oruz »nd Way ! '
' Stations .:..........--. 3:30»
*3:ISp Newark. CdDterrlUe, San Jose, New
Almadsa, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way -
Btatious •lOs.m*
■ 4:1.1p Newark. Han Jose and Los Gatos... 9:20*.
t11:43r Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and" * -
Way Btm ions ■ }7:2«»>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIX mKCISCO— root of Market Street <Sli» 8) —
•7:15 9:110 ll:0lU.M. J1:00 *2:00 13:19
M:00 ;tB:09 •6:oor.ii. • .. "
I *'o:uOilUKD— r«»t »rßr«adw»j.— "B:oo 8:00 10:00*. M.
112:00 . .'1:00 12:00 i 3:00i 3:00 11:03 •5:30 p.m.
(HAM DIVISION (Broad (Junge).
(Third and Tow St<.) ■■ ■-• ■ a
7:OOA Han Jose aiitl Way Stations (New "
Alinadeu Wednesdays only) I:3O»
9:OOa Hull .lose. Tr«« I'luin, Santa Cruz,
I'aciiic (Irtive, Paiiu Ut.bles, San .;., ;.'.;-.
Luis i >l.iei«>, fSuadaluiie, Surf and
Prinetual Way Stations 4:IOp
! . lOMOa Ran .lusa autl Way Sbitloiis »«:O«4.
I I:3Oa Ban Jnse and Way Station* 8:J»A
■ ', "J:4Si-San Mateo, lledwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. San .line,
Uilroy, HollUter, Siuita Crux,
Salinas, Monterey and Pucllic
fJrove # IO:»«»
M::il)r San Joss a^d Way Stations "»:«•»
' - *l:13p SanJoseainl Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
1 »3:0«p San Jose Principal Way Stations 8:33 a,
.">:3Or Sail .Tine and Principal Way Station. S:SOp
«I::tOp San Jose and Way Stations 7:30*
I tlt:!3p San Jose mid War Stations •>:»«> i
A for Morning. . V for AfUnioon.
I * Hiintlayn excep'eil. * Sundays only. ♦ Saturdays only
1 «fMondays an I Thursdays. «Tu«odays and Saturdays.
■ i Saturday* and Wc.fcT*Bd«ya. hTharyityii and Sundays^
! ' The l*A« 4 ll'l«"rit%Sl*Hslt«'OHl'ASl«
«ii. call for and check baggage from lintels and rash
fcncci. Enquire of Ticket Agents for Time Cards an*
I ' mini Information. . .. . • , .
I :
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry. '. •.
cKOM SAN FRANCISCO TO Mllili VAXJ^ST
! AND SAN RAFAKL.
I WEEK DA YS-*7:2U. '3:30, li:W a. m.; *l:U,
I 1:45. 6:15, •*:(*), «:30 p. m. • . .- -- ,
{ EXTRA TRIPS— For Ban Rafael on Monday,
I Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
! BUND AYS— nO:00. »11:» a. m.; n:!!,
! 1:00, »4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAFX. TO SAN FRANCIS 2O.
*»EEK DATS— S:2S. •6:«. 7:45. »9:30 a. m.j
12:20. 2:20. »3:45. 6:05 p. m. • •"
- EXTRA TRIPS r.n Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. in. • • ..
SUNDAYS— «:2O. •8:00. • n0:00. »U:56 a. M.i
•1:11, '*■:!•. 4:4». ««:20 p. m.
1 Trains marked • start trpm San QuenUn. -
FROM MILL, VaLLETTO SAN FRANCISCC*
• WEEK DATS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:65. 9:40 a. m.;
! 12:fb. 2:45. 3:50, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
. and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. ■ , - ■ _• - •
1. SUNDAYS— 10:06 a. m.: 12:05, 1:20, t.tt
■ 1:00, i:2O p. m. - ; .
I . THROUGH TRAINS. ,
; t:2O a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'as,
■ 1:46 p. an. Saturday*— Duncan Mills and waf
■■'•■■■-■•,: stations. •-• ■ • - / - ■- , ' ■.-: ;• ■ -- .
1:00 a. m. Sunday*— Duncan Mills and way sta'a-
leWCllLlpYi
1112
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
RETRACTS ALL
DEMANDS ON
THE DIRECTORS
De Garmo Gray Sues
for Peace.
WILL NOT GO TO COURT
HE KNOWS THE EXPOSITION
LEFT NO PROFITS.
The Ex-Manager Suddenly Appears
in Oakland After It Was Thought
He Had Gone to Port
land.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
MS Broadway, Dec. 22.
The last chapter in the story of the
mismanagement of the Oakland Exposi
tion was written to-day. The directors
were treated to two surprises. One the
pudden appearance of Manager De Garmo
Gray, the other the receipt of two letters
from his attorney stating that Mr. Gray
had been misinformed regarding the
finanrs of th exposition when h<- mad.;
bis demand for a share of the profits;
that he wished nothing further done in
the premises, and that the issue was
closed so far as Mr. Cray is concerned.
.Mr. Gray called on Directors Keller and
Gler quite early to let them know that he
had not gone to Portland, as recent dis
paches indicated. The directors were led
Into believing that he had gone to Port
land by a statement made by his assist
ant, Mr. Morrison, yesterday afternoon.
Mr. Gray was vi first very aggressive,
but alter a short talk he was in a dif
ii frame of mind, and after his de
parture the lett< i> were received in which
he withdrew his demands and indicated
his desin to close the incident.
It is stated that the iigures on which
Mr Gray based his demand were sup
plied to him by his assistant, but the dl
rs declare that If Mr. Gray were
really led astray by his assistant's figures
It was bla own fault, for he was his
assistant's superior.
"The publication of the details of this
naiier in The C*iU this morning, said
Director Gier, "has brought this matter
to a crisis. Mr. Gray is very anxious to
no in. i«. notoriety and says that
Wi a one little error in the publica
tion. Regarding last Monday, the time
at which Gray and bis attorney promised
to nui-t the board of directors, it was
said that neither was present and that his
assistant bad no authority to represent
him The assistant, Gray stated to-day,
was clothed with authority to represent
him but of course we o>uld do no busi
nesß with him. Mr. Gray asked me why
his relations with us had not been more
■ nt. and I told him it was all his
own fault. I reminded him that I had
always spoken frankly to hUn, whereas
he had always tried to act independently
of the directors and had not treated us
us openly as we treated him. I reminded
him of "the fact that until he sent us
an attorney's letter containing threats
and demands, we were disposed to
him leniently, but that when he
such chargi-s we were bound to re
ply to them out of self-respect He prom-
Fsed me that everything was at an end,
and that he would at once instruct his
attorney to notify us of that fact. A
of hours later the letters arrived.
One was written to our attorney. George
a, the other to our secretary,
George E. Roeth."
Director Keller also received a similar
visit. Gray was accompanied by two
'■s when he called on Mr. Keller,
and he began firing questions at the dl
rector in a very aggressive manner. Mr.
Kellei promptly told the ex-manager
that he had not a word to say in the
nee of two gentlemen whom he did
not know and whose authority to be wit
■ a to any conversation he did not ad
mit. As Gray persisted Mr. Keller re
tired, and after a short time the two
friends went away and Gray arrived at
the same understanding as with Director
Gier. The withdrawal of his charges and
inds were Bent in open envelopes
through Mr. Keller, and at the meeting
of the exposition directors this evening
they were read.
WELL KNOWN IN CHICAGO.
A Bad Character Given to Gray by
the Pinkertous.
CHICAGO, Dec. 22.— William A. Pinker
ton was not surprised to learn of De Gar
mo's defalcation when seen to-day by a
Call representative. He said he had been
looking for something of the sort. Re
garding De Garmo he said:
Charles P. de 'Garmo, alias Colonel Charles
P. de Garmo, alias Count de Garmo, alias C.
P. Gray, was well-known around Chicago, and
In (act all principal cities in the East. He
started In life as an usher or programme seller
for Colonel Jack Haverly, who had a number
of amusement companies on the road, and he
probably derived the title "Colonel" from the
fact that colonel Haverly used to dress him
up in uniform while he distributed programmes
on the street. Later he returned to Chicago,
and in the days of the old Chicago Driving
Park Association on the West Side he. was a
programme seller on the race track. He was
always cheeky and was fantastic In his dress,
and his associates were all among people from
the half- world. For a while in Chicago he
thrived on* the earnings of a noted woman
'named Bessie Melville. "When she drove him
away he wrote letters threatening to commit
suicide if she did not send him certain sums
of money. The woman paid no attention to
him and he drifted away to the Pacific Coast,
posing as a promoter of theatricals, etc.
• In San Francisco he became acquainted with
. Irma Stewart Stanley, an actress of the bur
lesque type. She was a large, fine, stoutly
built woman; he was a small .stunted-looking
fellow, his height being only about five feet
three Inches, and they made a queer looking
couple. He brought her through Chicago and
fooled the newspaper* In regard to his inten
tions and his marriage, and then they went
to New York, where he lived by his wits.
Eventually, with his wife, he started for the
Paris Exposition in 1887.
In Paris he picked up a precarious living as
a "procurer" lor young Americans who were
on their first visit to the city. He also acted
as a courier for parties who could stand his
' cheek and nerve. His wife separated from him
In Europe and remained there. De Garmo re
turned to Chicago during the World's Fair
year and engaged In an advertising business
in company with a man named Boyle. While
here he kept up his habits with his old asso
ciates and was refused admission to several
of the popular hotels and restaurants on ac-"
count of being accompanied by women of
questionable character.
His advertising scheme was called the "Little
World's Fair." The whole transaction was a
bunko scheme, and Mr. Boyle soon found that
De Garmo was doing nothing but eating up
his money, so he broke away from him. Then
De Garmo drifted away from here.
The next heard of him was In New York,
where it Is said he was employed as a "stool
pigoen" for the police department. From
there he drifted out to South Africa, posing as
a promoter of what was called a "Pure Food
Exposition." While In South Africa he was the
cause Of exposing Charles Williams, alias
White, as being the man who married Mrs.
Kagle In Cheyenne, Wye, and attempted to de
camp with $100,000 of her money. De Garmo
■remained In South Africa for about a year and
then drifted back to this country to Introduce
his pure-food shows. In trie meantime he had
changed his name to Charles P. Gray. The
last time he was In Chicago, although he did
. not have $3 In. his pocket, he called on the
late P. F. Studebaker and endeavored to get
the contract for the Studebaker building,
which adjoins the Auditorium Hotel In this
city, for the purpose of giving a pure food
■how. Studebaker, on inquiring who he wag,
happened to run across some one who told him
that Gray was a fraud and a dead beat, and
advising 1 him to have nothing to do with the
man. The last heard of De Garmo was in San
Francisco, where he was endeavoring to get up
a pure-food show at Oakland. Cat,
During his last visit to Chicago Dp Garmo
was accompanied by a very beautiful young
woman about 22 years of age. whom he intro
duced as his wife. He stated that on account
"of his past record and his former wnys of liv
ing he had changed his name to Charles P.
Gray. The woman had every appearance of be
ing a lady.
NO PRECEDENT
FOR THE CASE
OF CHEESEMAN
An Expert Prophecy
Comes True.
LIKELY TO KILL AGAIN
HE ONCE DECLARED THAT HE
FEIGNED INSANITY.
Many New Features Will Be Intro
duced When the Interesting
Case Comes Up for
Trial.
Oakland Office Pnn Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Dec. 22.
The trial of Frank Cheeaeman for mur
der will establish a precedent in this
State, for no similar case has ever come
before the courts of Calif ornla. In the
report In The Call of September 30, of the
commitment of Cheeseman to an asylum
occurs the following statement from the
testimony of Dr. J. W. Robertson, the ex
pert, which statement has proved to be
remarkably true, and opens up an entire
ly new question in criminal law:
Pr. Robertson declared that while at the
present time Cheeseman is insane, it is quite
possible that he might be bo rational at some
future time that some State hospital, actuated
by a desire to prevent the terrible overcrowd
ing to which such Institutions are now sub
ject, might discharge the murderer as cored,
and in a short time hip mania might be as
rabid as ever. Under thlß condition Dr. R
ertson said that Cheeseman should be ordered
to be confined for life, or else under su«"h re
straint that, should his reason return. he
should be apaln subject to the Jurisdiction of
the court. Only by such caution, said the ex
pert, could it be guaranteed that Cheeseman
would not again commit murder.
Cheeseman was taking things very easy
at the County Jail to-day, and declares
that he does not remember anything re
lating to the murder, except what he has
j read in the papers. His early career was
! a remarkable one. and this is not the first
time he has been charged with murder.
On a former occasion he killed a man,
| but escaped the gallows by proving in
sanity. At the time he murdered Brooke
last August he was keeping company with
Brooke"a stepdaughter, Miss Etta Payne,
• whom he also shot and wounded. In
i an Interview given by Miss Payne, she
| said that Cheeseman had admitted to her
I that he could feign insanity and that he
! was only feigning when he was tried for
j his first murder. This statement of Miss
, Payne will go a long way toward sup
porting the theory that Cheeseman is a
very clever actor and that he knew what
he "was doing when he phot Brooke.
Cheeseman's father pays that since
Ejank was 7 years old he has been eccen
: trie. At the age mentioned he was run
'■■ over and sustained injuries to his head.
1 From that time his conduct has always
I been unreliable. For nearly twenty years
i he has made periodical attempts to end
: his life. He has attempted hanging, cut
1 ting his throat, shooting himself and
■ jumping from the ferry boats. But he
has always escaped with his life.
District Attorney Snook and the jail of
; ficials declare that Cheeseman is perfect
' ly sane now and that if he was shamming.
' which they do not believe, it was a very
clever piece of acting 1 , for the export and
the jury which passed on his case were
thoroughly convinced of hi? lunacy at the
time he was in Judge Ogden's court.
! Cheeseman's easels very similar to that
of Ferdinand Uhl, who, without provo
! cation, shot and instantly killed Patrick
I Murphy in Temepcal last spring. T'hl had
i been in an insane asylum, having shown
homicidal tendencies. He was released as
j cured, but his homicide suddenly took
possession of him one night, and after
; threatening to kill some one who called at
his house he ran out and shot the first
i man he met.
THE CALL'S MARKET
REPORTS OFFFICIAL
JUDGE OGDEN REGARDS THEM
MOST RELIABLE.
So Adjudged in a Case That Interests
Every Commission Mer
chant.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 22.
The market reports printed in The Call
are official and admissible in evidence to
establish current prices. Superior Judge
Ogden so decided to-day in the suit of
Clarence D. Smith against the Oakland j
Preserve Company, brought to recover a
balance of $325 claimed due for a carload
of Bartlett pears from Butte County, sold
the Oakland Commission Company.
It appears that defendant had purchas
ed several carloads early last September
when, according to The Call, these pears
ranged in price from $45 to $50 per ton. On
September 15 the price Jumped from $50 to
$60, and defendant had waived an order
for an additional carload, hence, of
course, plaintiff declined to supply at the
old price.
On behalf of the plaintiff Walter G.
Manuel, ex-President of the City Council,
was called as a witness. In testifying
as to market prices witness quoted The
Call. "These prices," said Mr. Manuel,
"are gathered by competent reporters,
■who daily visit the wharves, warehouses
and commission houses. The prices are
published in the big dailies, but The Call
is the most accurate in the matter."
Attorney Young for the defendant ob
jected to The Call reports as being hear
say statements, but Judge Ogden over
ruled all objections, saying that such re
ports issued by competent authority, are
admissible. "Such reports are better and
more reliable than the testimony of one
who has actually made a purchase.
Judgment was given in ravor of plain- j
tiff for $262, the amount of the advance in i
prices being deducted because Judge Og
den did not consider the parole waiver as
sufficient to impair the sanctity of a writ
ten contract.
Confessed Their Crime.
OAKLAND, Dec. 22.— Nelson Ladell and
W N Griffin, arrested last night for
breaking into the safe at the Galindo
Hotel and carrying off $65, confessed to
day at the City Prison. The. lads had
been employed about the hotel by the
proprietress, Mrs. Allen, who had taken
them in out of charity, because they were
starving. Yesterday Mrs. Allen concluded
to discharge Ladell on account of his in
temperate habits. Out of revenge they
robbed the cafe and prepared to leave
the city, when Deputy Constable William
Moffat apprehended them. All but $15
has been recovered and Mrs. Allen, still
with a heart of sympathy and charity,
placed only a charge of petty larceny
against them. To this Ladell and Grif
nn will probably plead guilty.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Dec. 22.— Health Officer J.
T. McLean of Alameda to-day filed an
answer to the suit of Antone Gonzalves
for $500 damages for negligently inflict
ing the tuberculin test on his cows. He
denies the allegation and asks for a dis
missal.
In the Probate Court to-day a petition
was filed for the restoration to capacity
of Miss Mary L. Wheeler, the school
teacher who went insane some time ago
after being treated through Christian
science.
Mrs. Lizzie Small, the widow from
whom John L. Sherman embezzled $500.
for which he was convicted a few days
ago, has recovered $299 of the stolen
money, which was found on the prisoner's
person. She received the money through
attachment proceedings.
THE SA^ FBAISTCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1898.
the alleged unlawful removal of her fence
last June, was dropped from Judge
Greene's calendar to-day.
READY FOR NORTHERN TRIP.
Berkeley Football Men Leave This
Evening to Contend With the
Gridiron Veterans of Oregon.
BERKELEY, Dec. 22.— The football
teaai of the University of California will
leave to-morrow evening on the Oregon
express to play their Christmas match
with the Multnomah team of Portland.
Nearly all the Berkeley men who lined
up against Stanford last Thanksgiving
day will go north with their team. Ath
earn and Craig are forced to stay behind
and their places are to be taken by Hoop
er and Masters. Both the latter did
splendid work on the scrub team during
the season, and are well qulified to line
up for the Varsity. Three substitutes
have been provided for, among them
Kerfoot, '01, who will second Bart Thane
aa quarterback. Percy Hall will captain
the men and Manager "Everett Brown and
Trainer Al Lean are booked to accom
pany them.
The team looks at its prospects with
fairly good spirit, although it expects a
very close fight. Beyond some signal
practice this afternoon it has had no
training since the big game.
The Multnomah Club is composed of the
crack players in the north. They expect
most of their best men home for the
Christmas vacation, so their line-up will
be unusually strong.
Society Christmas Tree.
BERKELEY. Dec. 22.— Several of the
prominent society ladies in Berkeley are
preparing to give some of the children in
the West End an afternoon visit from
Santa Claua the Monday after Christmas
day. Subscriptions and donations are be
ing solicited to make the affair a success.
It is exepected that each child present
will he given some small Christmas gift,
together with canriv and other pood
things. Small presents of clothing:, toys.
money or books will be received up to 9
o'clock Monday morning by the commit
tee in charge.
The names 'if thnif interested, hy whom
also donation? will he received, are: Mrs.
James Bunnell, Mrs. Florence H. Chick,
Mmc Victor Pnget, Mrs. A. G. Freeman,
Mr^ Hugh McMichaH, Mrs. P. R Boone,
Mrs Adelaide Marquand. Miss Katherine
Bunnell and Miss Mary Bird Clayes.
THREAT OF SUICIDE
WAS ONLY A RUSE
RELATIVES OF MRS. HOLDEN
BELIEVE SHE STILL LIVES.
Disappeared From Alameda Last
August, but It Is Now Thought
She Fled to Escape
Creditors.
ALAMEDA. Dec. 22.— The relatives In
this city of Mrs. Nellie M. Holden, wldo-w
of the late ex-L.ieutenant Governor of
this State, who disappeared from here
last August, claim to have infor
mation that the woman is still alive. They
refuse to divulge her prospnt where
abouts and decline to make any statement
further than that the woman 1b cafe and
sound.
From other sources it is learned that
Mrs. Holden's letter threatening to
commit suicide was a ruse, and
that instead of plunging into the
foaming surf off the Cliff House
as she intimated, she made her way to
Mendocino County, where she has prop
erty and friends and where she is pre
sumed to be living at the present time.
Mrs. Holden was a bookkeeper in the
real estate office of Thomas A. Smith, the
husband of her niece. She lett there the
morning of August 11. ostensibly to go to
Ukiah to arrange some property inter
ests. On August IS Attorney R. B. Tap
pan received a letter from her dated at
the Cliff House the afternoon of the day
she left Alamcda. It reads as follows:
"Long before you get this letter I shall
be dead. 1 have borrowed money and
people who owed me money have not
paid me. My brain is reeling. The ocean
is the best place for me and I will drown
my sorrow." _ _
The letter was postmarked San Fran
cisco, August 12," and had been forward
ed to Santa Rosa, where Tappan had been
visiting. The relatives of the woman at
once set on foot an Investigation and
traced her movements to the Cliff House,
but there all trace of her was lost. The
search continued for a week or more,
when it was dropped.
The suddenness with which the search
for the missing woman ended created
comments and rumors floated about that
the woman's relatives had heard from
her. They would not admit this for the
public benefit, but to intimate friends
they freely expressed the belief that the
woman had not committed suicide They
went further and insisted that she was
all right. The grounds of their belie!
were kept a carefully guarded secret.
After Mrs. Holden's disappearance it
was learned that she had become hope
lessly involved in financial tangles and
was being hounded by her creditors. It
is now generally admitted that she dis
appeared to get beyond their reach and
Is now dwelling in peace in some secluded
locality of Mendocino County.
Judge M. P. Wijrgln, a relative by mar
riage of Mrs. Holden, said to a Call re-
P °M3h, the woman is all right. I was al
ways under the Impression that she did
not commit suicide, and all the subse
quent developments in the case have add
ed strength to my ideas in the matter."
Alameda's Poundmaster Dead.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 22.— Victorine Joseph,
Alameda's poundmaster. died to-day,
after a brief illness. Joseph first became
prominent in this city as the valet of
'■ the late Judge Charles Uznay. Deceased
! was a veteran of the war and a member
! of Joe Hooker Post, G. A. R.. under
1 whose auspices the funeral will be con
ducted.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 22.— Columbia Lodge,
I. O. O. F., of this city, paid a fraternal
visit last night to Harbor Lodge of West
Oakland.
The musical organizations or the Uni
versity of California will give a concert
Thursday night In the Unitarian church.
The graduating class of the AJameda
High School serenaded their teachers
last evening. The graduating party was
held this evening at Harmonic Hall. To
morrow evening a mock graduating ex
ercise will be held.
Still After Justice Clift.
OAKLAND, Dec. 22.— C. E. Kinard filed
an amended complaint late this afternoon
In his suit brought In the Superior Court
I to depose Fred C. Clift as Justice of the
'■ Peace of Oakland Township. The objec
tions of Justice Clift to the original com
plaint on the grounds of uncertainty, am
biguity and insufficiency were sustained
yesterday and In the pleading filed to-day
Kinard sets forth a long list of fees col
; lected by Clift which he alleges were not
■ turned into the treasury at the proper
i time. He avers also that his allegations
I are not more definite because he was re
'■ fused access to Justice Cliffs records.
! Kinard charges malfeasance in office. Jus
' tice Cliffs term of office terminates Jan
uary 1.
The "Kalamazoo" Tabooed.
OAKLAND, Dec. 22.— The "Kalamazoo"
and kindred nickel-in-the-slot devices are
again tabooed and made the object of ex
tinction in the local war in behalf of
morality. Of late many of these nickel
, eating machines have been installed in
saloons and cigar stands, and to-day Chief
■of Police Fletcher issued an order, of
which the saloon men and others were no
: titled by Sergeant Green, that these ma
chines must be removed by next Sunday.
In the opinion of Prosecutor Harry Mel
vin and Police Judge Moore the "Kala
mazoo," the "Owl" and such machines
are gambling devices, though some Judges
ha\e held otherwise in the past.
Venus Shone in Daytime.
OAKLAND. Die 22.— A bright star was
; visible all forenoon in the southwestern
skits, and, according to Professor A, O.
Leuschner, director of the students' ob
sir\atory at the State University, the
star was the planet Venus, which will
reach its greatest degree of brilliancy on
January 4. The professor attributes its
Visibility in daytime to peculiar atmos
pheric conditions prevailing just now.
• ♦ .
Christmas Mag-ie, by Professor
Hoffman, in next Sunday's Call.
AGED LAWYER
HAS DROPPED
OUT OF SIGHT
Came From Chicago
a Month Ago.
J. R. PARKER CAUSES ANXIETY
A STRANGER CALLED AT THE
HOTEL FOR MAIL.
Ths Attorney Was Well Supplied
With Money, and Evidently
Came to This State
to Stay.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 22.
John R. Parker, an attorney, has dis
appeared, but as no one seems to know
where he is or where he has gone, all ■
tneories regarding foul play, suicide, le- j
vanting and similar means by which peb- j
pie drop out of sight, are admissible, and i
one no more than another. There are
many suspicious things connected with
the disappearance of Parker. He. ar
rived in Oakland last month and took 1
Quarters at the Galindo Hotel. From j
Agent W. C. Ames lie rented a law office |
in the Blake & Moffitt block. Ke cvi- j
dently came to stay, for he brought a large
warurobe, a goodly stock of law hooks
and even went to the trouble of having
his coal bins in the office filled. He paid |
Dredger at Work on the Unique Artificial Roadbed Being Built for the Valley Road
Across trje Tule Lands, a Few Miles West of Stockton.
rent in advance and gave evidence- of
having plenty of money.
He discussed with several parties the
proposition of investing on this coast, tell
ing them that he had come from Chicago
partly for the purpose of making invest
ment and partly to go in the law busi
ness.
Three weeks ago Parker told Mrs. Al
len, proprietor of the Galindo, that he felt
sick, and since that time he has not been
seen. Before he left he told Mrs. Allen
that he was going on a visit to the coun
try to look at some land, but would be
back in a couple of days. A few days
after his departure a stranger appeared
at the hotel and stated that Mr. Parker
was sick. He also asked for Parker's
mall. Mrs. Allen has not seen the
stranger nor Parker since.
Agent Ames of the Blake & Moffitt es
tate says that when Parker engaged his
office, November 18, he paid in advance,
and exhibited a wallet full of $100 bills.
Ho told Ames he intended to bring his
two son 3to the coast and have them en
ter the State University.
Parker evidently has a large corre
spondence, for mail matter, including
some registered letters, has tirrfved for
him and 1b daily increasing. Agent Ames
has reported Parker's prolonged absence
to the police, and a telegram has been
sent to Chicago with a view to finding
out something of the missing man. Par
ker is about 60 years of age, 6 feet tall,
and weighs about 200 pounds. He has a
dark complexion, and wears a chin beard
and mustache.
STREET RAILWAY FARE CASE.
Company Playing a Waiting Game
to Defeat Commissioners.
The officers of the Market-street Rail
way Company are evidently playing a
waiting game with the Railroad Commis
sioners in the hope of drawing them out
of court, so to speak. Months ago the
Commissioners applied to the Superior
Court for a writ of mandate to compel
the secretary of the company to produce
his books before the Commission in order
that the transportation rates might be
established for the company. The latter
was not at all pleased to have any one
fixing its rates, and as might be expected,
contested the right of the Commissioners
so to do. The case was heard before Su
perior Judge Seawell. and last October he
denied the application for the writ and
judgment was ordered entered for defend-
Up to the present time judgment has
never been entered by the defendant, and
from all appearances it never will be. The
reason for this omission is surmised to be
to keep the case from being appealed to
the Supreme Court, for until the com
pany has the judgment entered the offi
cials of the State cannot do anything in
the premises. .
The railroad people well Know that as
soon as the judgment is entered Attorney
General Fitzgerald will have an appeal
ready and carry the case into the higher
court. Whether the new Attorney Gen
eral will follow the railroad cases as
closely as the present one remains to be
seen. If by any means the defendant can
put off the entering of judgment for
twelve months the case will be safe for
ever, because the same matter cannot be
taken up again.
A Clever Swindler.
Superintendent D. F. Supple of Post
office Station H, corner of Laguna and
Hayes streets, has reported to the Postal
Inspectors that an unknown woman has
been swindling residents of the Western
Addition in a novel manner. Her plan
is to visit residences where there are
rooms to let and to engage a room. She
transacts all her business with women
for obvious reasons. Instead of making
a deposit for a room she exhibits a pos
tal money order application for $75 and
bearing a revenue stamp, which she rep
resents to be a money order payable to
herself. She borrows one dollar or a dol
lar and a half from the landlady for the
purpose of paying for the expressage of
her trunks and leaves the worthless ap
plication as security. Her latest victim,
Mrs. White of 309 Broderick street, called
on Mr. Supple to inquire whether the ap
plication was worth anything, the female
faker having failed to put in an appear
ance with her trunks.
Bret Harte has one of his old-time
Christmas stories in next Sunday's
Call. Read it
SECRETS OF
BRANDES TOLD
IN A REPORT
Why His Star Was
Taken Away.
FOLLOWED YOUNG GIRLS
MANY COMPLAINTS MADE TO
SHERIFF WHITE,
Berkeley Property-Owners Felt Much
Safer When the Active Watch
man Was Not
Around.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 22.
ESacb day adds something new to the
loi;;; list of unpleasant incidents connected
with the last few years in the life of W.
A. Brandes, the alleged murderer of his
daughter.
The latest story comes from Brandos'
home and is told in a report on (lie in
the Sheriff's office, which has just been
made public.
About a year ago Brandes made him
self very obnoxious to a large number of
residents of Berkeley. Young ladies com
plained of his manner and of his follow
ing them; property owners complained of
mutilated flower gardens and broken
trees and shrubs; contractors of new
buildings complained that tools were
stolen, and in all cases it was believed
that Brandes could at least help to solve
the mystery surrounding the perpetra
tors.
Sheriff "White was approached and was
asked to revoke Brandes' appointment as
a Deputy Sheriff. He decided to investi
gate the matter and for three weeks
Deputy George Woodsum was watching
the Berkeley watchman. During those
three weeks Woodsum saw much that led
him to believe that Brandes was fre
quently "putting up jobs" on those who
did not employ tiim to watch their prop
erty.
Woodsum reported that all the vandal
ism took place on property the owners
of which did not contribute to Brandes'
income. He also learned that these dam
ages were always done at night, arsd that
next morning Brandes would Invariably
appear and suggest the advisability ot
employing him to keep a watch on the
property. It was also noticed that there
was never any damage to property after
Brandes was employed.
George Woodsum was also instructed
to inquire into several complaints made
by young ladies about Brandes. He
found many ladies who declared that
Brandes would try to Introduce himself
to them and would follow them. He
would be at places where he knew they
would be and was known to boast of his
many lady acquaintances. These facts
were all reported upon by Woodsum, and
Sheriff White thereupon revoked Brandes'
appointment. f
After that Brandes had no authority
other than as an ordinary citizen watch
man. The star he wore was simply that
of a private detective.
RED CROSS SOCIETY'S
WORK IN THE ARMY
SICK SOLDIERS CARED FOR AT
THE PRESIDIO.
Convalescents 9 Home Established at
the Post' is Doing*
Great Good.
As Is well known, the Red Cross Society
filled a large void during the war. The
work accomplished by the California
branch of the society was tremendous,
and reflected credit on its members and
on the State. Since the close of hostili
ties its work has not ceased. On Septem
ber 9 a convalescent home was inaug
urated at the Presidio, and its existence
has proved a boon to the boys in blue en
camped in its vicinity.
The home can accommodate twenty-five
patients, and is situated in a sunny spot
on the reservation. It contains a large
ward, with twenty beds; three rooms for
special cases; a large dining-room with
seating capacity for twenty, a bathroom
with modern porcelain tubs, a kitchen,
storeroom and reading and smoking room.
The different State, city and auxiliary
societies completely furnished the estab
lishment with an ample supply of bed and
table linen and all necessaries.
Mrs. Mary J. Wilson, its superintend
ent, has given the most complete satis
faction in its management. Three trained
nurses are constantly in attendance, and
care for the slowly convalescing soldiers.
Miss Alice Hussey and her assistants
have won the gratitude of the sick boys
by her kindly ministrations.
Since its opening the home has received
121 patients, of which number ninety-six
have been discharged or furloughed. Dr.
A. Petllar is its present acting physician.
The latter was a captain in the Heavy Ar
tillery, but accepted this work, as it gave
him an opportunity to relieve the afflicted.
Letters have been received by Mrs. W.
B. Harrington, president of the society,
from parents of sick soldiers all over the
Union, thanking her for attentions shown
their sons and conveying assurances of
undying gratitude.
Booked for Murder.
Mrs. Dora Fuhrig, midwife, was yes
terday arrested by Detective Cody and
booked at the City Prison on a charge c .
murder in causing the death of Mrs. Anna
Wnlmsley, the wife of the proprietor of a
Market-street lodging-house. Justice of
the Peace Barry fixed her bonds in $5000.
Anakesis cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address Anakesis, New York. *
UNIQUE WORK
IN RAILROAD
CONSTRUCTION
Marsh Land Madelnto
Solid Earth.
LAST LINK OF VALLEY ROAD
WILL NOT BE COMPLETED UNTIL
SEPTEMBER.
Many Difficult Engineering Problems
Solved Between Stockton and
Point Richmond — Status
of the Work.
No piece of railroad construction has
more interest for the people of California
to-day than that now in progress be
tween Stockton and Point Richmond by
the Valley road. With this section of
seventy and a half miles of railroad in
operation will come the first genuine and
direct competition for transcontinental
business out of and to San Francisco that
the Southern Pacific Company has ever
had. It will be the last link to connect
San Francisco with the outside world by
a direct and rival line.
Included within this stretch there Is
now In progress a bit of engineering work
that is unique in the annals of railroad
co nst ruction on the Pacific Coast, and
which is a hipch tribute to the ingenuity
of W. B. Storey Jr., chief engineer of the
Valley road. It is the conversion of an
artificial roadbed of solid earth out of
tule or marsh lands for a distance of
eight and a half miles, beginning about
ten miles west of Stockton.
But this is only a small portion of the
very heavy work to be done, much of
which is in progress, before the Valley
road reaches Its tide water terminus.
All the lighter work is being held in
abeyance until the difficult and costly
gaps have been practically closed, but no
time will be lost by this policy, for as
soon as the conditions warrant all the ne
cessary force will be put to work to com
plete the line at the earliest day. The
outlook at present is that this momentous
time will not be sooner than September
next.
For the first eight miles west of Stock
ton the line passes over reclaimed land,
and the work of grading- is simple. Be
tween twenty and thirty teams are at
present engaged in this task.
To the westward of this is a stretch of
ten miles of tule or marsh lands, subject
to the ebb and flow of the tides, and cut
up in every direction by sloughs. Trest
ling already bridges one and a half miles
of this. It is across the remaining eight
and a half of this marsh that an artificial
roadbed is being built. Four powerful
dredgers are engaged irrt this work. On
each side of the projected roadbed the
dredgers are carving out canals between
60 and 70 feet wide and varying In depth
from 20 to 30 feet. The earth thus re
moved is used to build up a roadway 100
feet wide, along which the rails are to be
laid. The dredgers have already been over
the route four times and will be kept at
the task until the requisite height has
been obtained. The bed is being built in
layers, so as to permit of the material
becoming thoroughly dry and solid. It
is not intended to utilize the canals, but
they will incidentally serve to act as
drains for the roadway. Beyond this, to
Antioch, is about thirteen miles. Three
quarters of this has been graded.
Between Antioch and Pacheco Landing,
about sixteen miles, no work has been
done, but from the latter point to the
eastern end of the big tunnel, a distance
of five and a half miles, the grading is
practically completed.
More than half of the 5600-foot tunnel
at this point is bored. From the east
ern end the mountain has been penetrat
ed 1210 feet and from the western end
1525 feet. From the western end of the
tunnel to Pinole is about seven miles
This has been partly graded. Contracts
for the grading of the last eleven miles
between Pinole and Point Richmond, have
been let, but the work has not yet been
In addition to the work outlined three
rivers must be spanned with costly draw
bridges and a 1000-foot viaduct must be
erected at a height of 75 to 80 feet The
bridges will cross the San Joaquin River
about three miles from Stockton. Middle
R1 o^. fourteen miles from that city
™ d £J& Rlver two miles farther west
The bridges will cost between $30 000 arwi
«0 000 each The vioduct wi!f run though
Alhambra Valley, back of or to the south
of Martinez, and will mean an expenditure
of between $90,000 and $100 000 expenauure
SHELTER FOR CHILDREN.
Good Work Done by State Home
Finding Society.
The Children's Home Finding Society
of California held its annual meeting in
■ San Jose on Wednesday. This organiza
tion has a number of branches in the
State, the largest of which is | n San
Francisco. During the past year 101 chil
dren were received and 92 were placed and
replaced. Five new advisory ooards were
established. The society received $2700 5"
i all of which has been expended in its'
work. There is a proposition on foot ad
vised by Rev. H. W. Brayton o. this city,
to build a receiving home. At the Dres
ent time children have to be placed in ex
isting institutions or boarded In private
t™. 1 !!? 5 untu nom es are found for tnem.
With one exception the olcl officers were
re-elected. H. Morton was substituted lor '
C. K. Lamar. The officers for the coming i
year are: President. Hon. H. V. More
house: first vice president. Rev. L. Delos ;
Mansfield; second vice president, S. B.
Hunkins; recording secretary F. J
Hambly; financial secretary. Rev. H. W. j
Brayton; treasurer, S. B. Hunkins; legal
counselor. F. J. Hambly; directors— H.
Morton. Mrs. B. R. Cochrane. Mrs. Jen
nie T. Loomis and F. R. Shafter.
Improvement Club Officers.
At the last meeting of the Cortland
Avenue Improvement Club this following
officers were elected for the ensuing year:
President, Frank Schmidt; vice president,
James B. Newsome; treasurer, John Dun
more; financial secretary, Eugene Myers;
recording secretary, William J. Bell;
board of directors— C. Bunder, B. Hughes,
F. Powers, M. F. Heyfron and Carl Wol
ters.
M. Sullivan, E. Wackmuder, C. Wolters
D. O'Brien and James McLester were ap
pointed a committee to arrange for a ball
on Saturday evening, January 14.
The Board of Supervisore will be asked
to try and Induce the Spring Valley Wa
ter Company to build a large tank on
Bernal Heights.
POLICE INSURANCE FAULTY.
Corporal Patrick Slevin's Widow De
prived of Deserved Money.
The deadly technicality has; made its ap
pearance in the Supreme Court again.
Under a decision rendered yesterday by
Justice Temple, a policeman's widow is
deprived of a sum of money that many
believe she is entitled to.
Patrick Slevin was on the police force
of this city for the best part of his life,
and as he raised a large family of chil
dren he never was able to amass much
money to keep himself and wife in their
old age. Several years ago he was retired
from active service by the Police Commis
sioners in order that a younger man
might take his place. A year or so ago,
while riding in the southern part of the
city, he was run down by a railroad train
and killed. The widow applied for the
$1000 that was provided by law for the
relatives of deceased officers.
This law provides that the money shall
go to the widow, children, mother or un
married sister of a deceased officer, who
had served for *en years, but there was
a joker in the act that works a great in
jury to the widow. The Police Commis
sioners refused to grant the demand on
the ground that the law specifies that
death must be from natural causes. Mrs.
falevin obtained from the Superior Court
a writ of niiuida.nus to compel the pay
ment of the amount, and from this writ
the Commissioners appealed. Justice
lemple reversed the order of the lower
court, holding that the strict letter of the
act must be observed, and that in order
to secure insurance money death must be
natural and not from violence. He say?
"Although unable to understand the
reasons which induced the Legislature to
dispose of the funds in this mode, I see
no way to avoid the conclusion that such
Is the law. Judgment is reversed."
Stuart Robson tells how to win
success on the stage in next Sunday's
Call.
HOTEL aRKIVAJLS.
GRAND HOTEL.
TV J McCann. Auburn Mrs M Warring. S Jose
F M Varden, Auburn H E Higglns. Cal
W F George, Sacto J B Higgins. Cal
F H Green. S Rafael S D Jacks. S Rosa
E F Fraser, Sacto J H Seiver, B C
C X Cadman, Pinole G E Long, lowa
E M Downer, Pinole J W Rossiter, Stanford
W J Donnell & w, Cal J H Manning. Seattle
TV Johnson, Cal F F Sharpless, Cal
J J Pratt. Cal W McMullen. Boston
H Beale, Stanford Mrs S J Joss. Cal
H B West, Stanford E Wrlgley, Buffalo
T J OHara, Stanford H M Plate, S Jose
J W Davis, Tulare G H Foster & w. Cal
J H Godfrey. L Ang F C Towner. Pomona
J D Blddle. Hanford X O'Connor, Cal
O Halmann. N'ev A Cox. TJkiah
Mrs O Halmann 4 t , B L Werthelmer A w,
Nev Cal
A B Stewart, Stanford TV Patterson. B C
Mrs C B Kanser, Cal I Miss J Patterson. B C
J W White. Pomona ; S L Bartlett. B C
P B Johnson, Sacto H Field. Cal
G A Pennick. 8 Jose J W Johnson ft w. Cal
Mrs J H Roberts. Cal G M Antrim. S Jose
Mrs L Gerlach. Stktn T A Goldman, Napa
J R Dayman, L Ang • A B Towne & w. Cal
PALACE HOTEL/
W M Thornton. Mont H TV Helss. N T
E Crozer, Phila J Bayha, Cologne
•••,•, F T Storey. N V G Huper, Cologne
Mrs Wagener. S Jose W Douglass, Arizona
O G Sage. Sacto J D Robinson. Pa
E Gilklnson. Dawson L T Wright, Keswick
L Eaton. Pasadena M H Foley, St Paul
J D Farrell, Seattle L Patterson, Stanford
Mrs Farrell, Seattle G S Dearborn. N T
J H Gill. N y L H Lapham. N V
T E Gibbon, L Ang IH O Allen. Chicago
H Finney. Kansas City H L Billings. Chicago
H Burmelster. Stanfrd R Brandt. N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
T Dawson & w, L Ang D F Burke. X V
P Lamia, Chicago J Green. S Diego
J O'Connor, Stockton J L Danielson. Fresno
C A Williams, Mich J M Farmer. S Jose .
P H Moll, Sacto Mrs Roberts. Omaha
IV D McLeod, N V Miss Roberts. Omaha
C E DeWltt. Delano J C Ross, S Rosa
A G Holmquist. Chlco L Fairweather. Seattle
J Cameron. Redlands C McLain. Victoria
M Cooper. Sacto
■» ■ ■
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, December 22.
Schr Nettle Low, Low, 5 hours from Point
Reyes.
Rtmr Chllkat, Anderson, 27 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Aloha. Jorgensen. 11 hours from Point
Arena.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 11 hours from
Point Arena.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed Dec 22— Stmr Maas
dam. for New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 22— Stmr Germanic,
for Liverpool.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San ?raac!»eo
Call, corner cf Market and ThlnS streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the rear.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9: JO o'clock.
K7 Hayes street; open until 1:80 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; t>pen until 9:30 o'clock.
616 Larkln street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until • o'clock.
Kit Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Cnmroandery No. 1. K. -■£_
T.. Masonic Temple, Post and Mont- BafJ*
gomery sts. — Regular assembly THIS K_3
(FRIDAY) EVBNtNO, at 7:30 o'clock. V
Order of the Temple. All fraters are ™
cordially invited.
SIR JOHN P. FRASER, Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
YERBA BUENA Lodge of Perfection <«v»
No. I— Regular meeting THIS (FRI-
DAY) EVENING, Dec. 23. at 8 o'clock. *A
P. 4. GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary. Jf&a
THE annual meeting of the stockholders ot
THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF 3AN
FRANCISCO, Cal.. will be held at its bal-
ing house, No. 301 Montgomery st.. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. on TUESDAY. January 10. 1899.
at 3:16 o'clock p. m.. for the election of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
San Francisco. December 9. 13S8.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The German Savings
and Loan Society, s:fi California St.— For the
half year ending December 31. 1898. a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate of four <♦)
per cent per annum on term deposits and
three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent per annum
on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after Tuesday, January 3, 1899.
GEORGE TOURNY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. S8 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office, 327
Market st., on and after Tuesday, January
3 1898.
Transfer books will close on Wednesday.
December 28. IS9S, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union. 532 Callfor-
nia St.. comer Webb. Dividend notice — For
the half year ending with the 31st of De-
cember. IS9S. a dividend has been declared
at the rate per annum of four (4) per cent
on term deposits and three and one-third
(3 1-3) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on ar.d after Tuesday. Janu-
ary 3, 1599- LOVELL WHITE, Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— Mutual Savings Bank of
San Francisco, 33 Poet street. For the half
year ending December 31, 1898, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and six-
tenths <3.6) per cent per annum on all de-
posits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Tuesday, January 3. 1599
GEOP.GK A. STORY. Cashier.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for'~s4™coUec't7onV made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. SGBO.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 vp 1 ,
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 3d st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
NEAT German girl wUhes situation at house-
work or as nurse, $10 to llj. MIS* CUL-
LEN. 32S Butter st.
COMPETENT nurse, with reference, desires a
situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Butter.
WANTED— Family sewing by day or week.
Address 943 Howard Bt. .
SITUATION as housekeeper; no objections to
leaving the city. MRS. S., 220 Golden Gate ay.
EXPERIENCED German nurse in confinement
and other sickness desires engagements: best
references; terms reasonable. Address Nurse,
115 Eighth st.
PROTESTANT woman wants situation in an
American family; Is a good cook; best city
references. 2306 FuKca sf.SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
COLORED lady wishes position ay cookin mali
. family: small wages: no washing. 6fJVi Ellis.
GOOD, capable cook wants a position: French
and American dishes. Address box 625. Call.
NURSE, wishes a few more engagement*; ex-
•need: terms reasonable. 219 Seventh st.
YOUNG woman wishes a place to do house-
work and take care of children. 1263 Broad-
way st . near Hyde.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency: 'a.l
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
best help. 414H OKarrell st. ; tel. East 42*.
i YOUNG man wants position In private family;
understands care of horses and cuws; Is not
afraid of work; wages not so much an object
as home; city or country. Address Box 613,
Call office.
SITUATION as bookkeeper desired; at present
employed with well-known house, which can
recommend me: othtr city references. Box
612. Call office.
SINGLE Englishman wants situation as milker
and buttermaker; understands the care of
fine stock an.i rearing calves and pigs Ad-
dress C. HEWITT, 50* Second St.. Oakland.
WAITER wants situation in hotel, restaurant
or private family; good reference. Box 621
Call office.
YOUNG man wishes situation as bartender;
references, from first-class house. Box 614
Call office.
I CHRISTIAN young married "man, several
years' experience as telegraph operator and
railroad office clerk, desires change where
Sunday work not required; owns and operates
typewriter; knowledge of bookkeeping; quick
and accurate; best references. Address box
626. Call.
PARTIES wanting foreman for Lessen Co.
mines can correspond with practical miner;
good references, having held the same posi-
tion for years. CHARLES KNUCKEY. 2030
Broadway. Oakland.
JAPANESE, faithful hoy. wants place as
school bo) understands English and family
work. H. M 410 Franklin st.
STEADY man wishes position as watchman;
day or night: twelve years; best city refer-
ence. A. A.. 270 First st.
YOUNG man. carpenter by trade, would like to
get any ether steady position in wholesale
house, where services of a responsible and
honest man is required; can give bonds. Call
or address barber . hop. 952 Mission st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 2CO rooms: 25c to $160 night; $160 to $1
-. week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tlons and want ads taken.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
2 MORE waitresses for first-class commercial
hotel, country, for December 26. $25; 2 wait-
resses, country. $20; 2 chambermaids to wait.
$10; chambermaid, first-class city hotel. $17 M;
3 restaurant waitresses, $5. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK, small family. $25 to $30; houseglrl.
choice pi-. $20; 10 girls for $25; 20 girls, city
and country. $15 to $25: 10 girls for factory, $3
week; neat young girl to assist housework
and care baby. $12 to $15. C. P.. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
ENGLISH lady's maid to go with lady to Eng-
land; to start immediately: call early. C. U.
HANSEN _ CO.. 10» Geary st.
NEAT girl for housework, $25. MISS CUL-
LEN. 326 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook. $30. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st.
NEAT girl, light work. $15 MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, boarding-house, $20. MISS CUL-
I.EN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT German or Swedish girl, second work.
$20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NURSE Infant, etc., $25; cock, no wash. $25:
3 cooks. $25; cook and second girl, same
house, $20 and $15; 3 waitresses and chamber-
maids. $16, $20 and $5 wee.k; and a large num-
ber of girls for housework in city and coun-
try. J. F. CROSBTT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, assist waiting, country ho-
tel. $20: waitress, country hotel. $17 60. fare
paid: girls for housework, country. MURRAY
& READY. C 34 and 636 Clay st.
YOUNG girl to do light housework: assist with
2 children; sleep home. Call after 10 a. m.,
1539 Market 6t.
GERMAN or Swedish girl: general housework;
2 in family: $4 week. 2672 Pine st.
WANTED— Talloress at ROO3 BROTHERS', 25
to 37 Kearny St
GIRL, to take care of child and do light house-
work. 46 Harriet tt. ■_ I
YOUNG jrtrl to ait In a restaurant. Call at
136 Second st.
EXPERIENCED waist hands at once. 319
Powell st.
WOMAN with small child. Apply at 573 Har-
rison st.
WANTED — Young girl to do light housework
and attend baby. 1601 Fillmore St.
GOVERNESS wanted for three children. In-
quire Occidental Hotel, December 2S and 29,
between 2 and 5 p. m.
OPERATORS on white shirts; all new high
speed machines; also finishers on flannel over-
shirts- LXVI STRAUSS & CO.. 364 Fremont.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER TAILORING
COLLEGE; lessons $1 per week. 426 Q?ary.
LFARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns. 2.* c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
4 MARKET Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
II EL i»~ WANTEL— MALIC.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 584S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY
4 farm hand?, see boss here Fare 30a
% choreboys. city and country $3 week
£0 woodchopperß 45 tiemakers
_M URRAY & READY, 634-626 Clay St.
FARMER and wife; see boss here early. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
COOKS Waiters Butchers
5 cooks, different places $30 to $30 and found
4 waiters, different places $30, $25 and $20
Butcher, slaughter-house near city
Third-hand baker, city $30 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
BOY to deliver U. S. mail. $15; city Job. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
GARDENER, private family, see boss here, $25
and found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
■LABORERS for the mountain railroad. In the
heart of the gold mining district; two-thirds
fare free; ship to-night. C. R. HANSEN &
.CO.. 104 Geary st.
HOT-CAKE baker. $50; second cook, $su; Ger-
man cook, country hotel, $40: waiter, same
place. $23; kitchen help, C R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary «t.
NEAT bellman, with references, hotel. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
BARBER for city shop. C. H. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
NIGHT bellman; good references. Apply this
morning at 104 Geary St., HANSEN & CO. |
WANTED— Young man as clerk in an archi-
tect's office, short distance In country: a '
. young man with some knowledge of drawing: |
and a desire to learn the business preferred;
*.a!ary $30 per month. W. D. EWER .-. CO.,
626 Clay It
WANTED — Foreman for mine, $3 day; 8 quartz j
miner*. $2 -*'i day; farmer and wife. $35: 10 I
laborers, $1 75 day. ar<l others. Apply to J. I
F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
■WANTED-=-A young man with some experience
in plumbing. Address, statintr age, experi-
ence and wa?»s expected, box 617. Call office.
WRAPPER wanted; single man; $2 per day
Bfsur<?'l anU railroad fares paid: must ad-
vance $M to complete machine; security given.
Box 615. ( all office.
TO go -to-day— 3'o pairs men's second-hand ■
■hoes, some nearly new, frum cOc to $1: new
shoes, slightly damaged. Vi price. 562 Mission
»t.. bet. Flr«t and Second sts. Open Sundays.
MINE foreman wanted; must have some capi- :
tal an'! experience. Address Mine, box 715,
Call office.
$150— PARTNER wanted In old-established sa- '.
loon: good chance for steady man. Apply to ]
MENZEL & CO.. 7 Grant aye. ,
PRINTING — Young- man. set type in Job office.
Call after 9. 309 Fourth st. !
■i _— — - i
COOK wanted at V,2- 2 Fifth st.
TED— A man for dishwashing. 15 Third
street. <
WANTED -nushelman. 332 Geary st. ,
WANTED— Dishwasher at 125 Seventh st.
MAN to work for board and lodging. 2759 '
Mission st. I
10 MEN wanted for work In city. $1 75 per day;
long Job. Address box 627. Call.
BOY wanted: must speak German; room 3.
JOHN HUBCHLER, 235 Kearny nt.
BOYS from 14 to 11 years of age. Apply at 216
Sutter St.. room 14. .
BARBERS— A handsome shop, clearing $100 per
month; in town of 2500 population: shaving
25c; pric« $150. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106
Kills st. I____________ j
WANTED— boy about 14 for grocery store; I
$6 month, board and lodging. 1622 Waller.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
in'*. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164. j
HELP WAV. ED— Continued.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 fe»t 3 inches
and 6 feet in height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis at..
Kan Francisco. Cal.
i LARGE Insurance office desires city agent hav-
ing good connections and. controlling' busi-
ness; salary paid. Box 724, Call office.
WANTED— At Montana House, 7644 Mission
st.. men to take rooms: 10c. 15c and 25c per
ntßht: COc. SOc and $1 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade: eaay terms. 1541
Market St.
! V.' ANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
j that Krl Rclkln. Reno House proprietor, still
t runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms. 25c per nig! . Jl to $3 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, 13SH Eighth st.
i BARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.
i TRY Linden House. Sixth and Howard sts. :
thoroughly renovated; 200 rms.; 15c. 23c night.
SINGLE rooms. 15e. 20c, 25c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcno House. S63H Market st.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Butter st.
[ BAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
': SINGLE, furnished, fine, larsre. sunny and airy
room. Ssc night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis St.
| TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 250 a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms, 25c nlgrht: readlrur room: free
'bus and bapfrage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED— Good canvassers; business trade;
big commissions. Room 14. *:6 Montgomery.
■-
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— Unfurnished room; about $3 or $4
month: man. Box 714. Call office.
j MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
j AT^"&rp^R^ON^rIH"INST"ALLMKNTS AND
I UPWARD.
$3 50 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright $293 00
Steinway upright IS7 50
Chlckering upright 235 00
Sohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright 275 00
I And ever 20 bargains from $40 up: buy dlreot
I of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of
i HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO.,
| 136 Ellis St.. Y. M. C. A. building.
i AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we. ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
j in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good piano? for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
A FINE practically new Chlckering upright;
carefully selected by the owners at the Chick-
ering factory; sacrificed immediately- on ac-
count of loss of business. See ot at once at
room 12. Flood building.
A MAGNIFICENT new Hallet & Davis piano
will be sold at once to best offer. Room 12,
Flood building.
A FINE List of Bargains In Good Uprights
This Week Only:
Weber * 50
S'einway 150
Fisher (Sacrificed)
Hemme & Long, and others very cheap.
1 Open evenings until 8:30.
GARDNER & GLASSELL. 216 Post st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and .largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
; all other musical instruments of all grades
! and prices: terms easy; prices lowest : every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
: customer. '
i AT AUCTION—* PIANOS.
To realize money advanced will auction 5
strictly high grade new pianos (never used)
; and one second-hand piano. Friday, Decem-
ber 23. at 2:30 p. m. J. L. LYONS, Auction-
eer. 1075 Fourteenth St.. corner Chestnut.
Oakland; private residence.
A FEW Bargains Until Christmas Only:
Sterling piano: rosewood case $190
Royal piano; oak case 197
Miller piano, rosewood case 198
$6 per month: guaranteed 5 year*.
i BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
A STEINWAY. $175: Steck. $150; Estey. $225;
F!»cher. $250r" W«?b*r. $200; easy payments;
pianos rented $1 &0 up; rent allowed on pur-
chase. Brucnn's Piano House. 204 Post st. .
THE best bareains in the city can be found
at MAUVAIB*. 769 Market st. Call and see
the stock in their entrant new rooms.
. WM. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St.. agent
i for celebrated pianos of Francis Bacon of New
York and Hal!«t & Davis Co.. Boston.
i AN elegant Stelnway upright, but little used
and in perfect order: a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Warerocms. ISIS Market st.
A FISCHER piano for $45. in good condition;
party leaving the city. ICO4 Tennessee •'
BOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Bole Agent. 308 Post st.
$155— ELEGANT upright, cost $425. for sale on
J5 Installments. 1115 Post St.
, POST. 919 — For sale: first-class upright piano;
; standard make.
A FINE bargain; Weber upright, only $60. 216
Post St.
i A FINE Stelnway and new Chlckering upright
sacrificed. KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.
$150— FINE Stelnway: great bargain. BCHMITZ,
15 McAllister St.. next Hlbernia Bank.
A PIANO that will please you. the Byron
Mauzy. 20s Pest st.
HAINFS Bros. 1 and other fln=t-cla?.« pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new uprleht piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LFR & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
' ST'PFRTOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
j MULLER, maker, reriirer. 2 Latham plac*.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Poet St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
Ing.telegraphy, languages. English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; *uh-
veying. assaying, etc.: 20 teachers: 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
A TUBS' Business College. 723 Market st. ; Indi-
vidual Instruction In shorthand, 'yplng, book-
keeping, telegraphy. penmanship. English
branches, etc.: life scholarship. <o0; low rates
per week and month.
LADY teaches piano and mandolin thoroughly:
DO an hour: excellent pianist and accompanist
for entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavia.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day * eve.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ELOCUTION * oratory: F. C. Caldwell; 16 yrs'
experience. Emma Ppreckels ' Idg. 927 Market.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3341 24th st.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 123* Mar-
ket st ; 40 1 ) pogltlong recured In last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
tmigM- short time. Tbit. -'72 Pwrrott bldg.
LOST.
LOST— On the 20th Inst.. a small black and
white and tan fix terrier dog about 6 months
old; black about head and hips; small white
tip of tail. Liberal reward for returning same
to 234 San Jos« aye., near Twenty-fifth st.
$10 REWARD— Ix?st. on Mission road. Decem-
ber 13. oversized white fox terrier doR with
left ear and eye black; right eye Inflamed;
answers to name of Snap; no questions a.iked.
N. H. HICKMAN. Sixth and Channel its.
LOST— Gordon setter dog about 1 year old.
word of $10 will be paid if returned to
2016 Pacific aye.
LOST— A gold heart-shaped locket, with small
diamond in center. Finder return to this
office and receive suitable reward.
BLACK and white fox terrier. Return to 223
Kearny st. : reward.
LOST— Sky terrier: answers to the name of
Rag: $5 reward. Return to 1520 Van Ness aye.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address. In the United :
'States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
pn.l<l. ' '
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Wor'.is — Cleans,
• moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
IS and 40 Eighth it.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become distgusted with poor work
een.l 10 SPAULDING'B Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 2£3-£7 Tehama st.; tel. 8. ■».
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at Sc
STRATTON'S. I Eighth St.: tel Jessie »44.
J. E. MITCHELL. Cayet-cleanlng Co., 240 14th
st.: cleaning So per V'.rl: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-ben ting Works, 353 Golden
Gate aye. : teL East 126. ■<
ADVANCE Carpet -cleaning Co., »02 f-.utur St.;
• tel Main 334. OEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
_____^_________ ______
REMOVAL Notice— Dr.- C C. ' O'Donnell. office
and residence. 1021% Market, bet. Gin and 7th. j
THE SAN FRAXCTSCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1898.
BUSINESS CHANCES. .
A^s26o; SALOON on Third st.. 1 block from
Call building: club and private rooms; a bar-
gain. . WILKE _ UNFUG, 906 Market St.
A— sl2oo; DRUG store; rent $25; across the bay;
no opposition; well paying; a splendid open-
Ing for a first-class druggist. Particulars
WILKE & UNFUG, 90S Market st.
$1000; CORNER grocery and bar; established
years; doing good-paying business; death of
owner cause of sale; 4 living rooms; rent $45.
WILKE & UNFUO, 906 Market st.
A— s7oo— DELICACY and grocery store on El-
lis st. i 5 living rooms: rent $25: doing a good
paying business; owner to leave for New
, York. WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market at.
A— S6SO— COFFEE saloon close to Alcazar The-
ater; first-class paying; rent $65; partners
can't agree. WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market.
8. H. GOULD & CO.. 632 Market St.. oldest
and most reliable firm in this line la the
city, have for sale the following:
A— sl6oo; grocery and bar; best location in
Mission; 3 living rooms; stable; low rent; fine
stock; good trade; stock will invoice fully
price asked; thorough investigation.
A— $100; groceries and liquors; living rooms;
must sell; really worth investigating.
A— Bargains in cigar stands; $125. $150.
A— sl4so; meat market and fruit stand; cuts
up 5 beeves, 2 calves, 35 sheep per week; 2
horses, 2 wagons; all cash trade, thorough
trial solicited. '
$150— PARTNER wanted In exclusive business;
$12 to $IS a week each. WESTERN INVEST-
MENT CO.. 9 Geary st.
$400— PARTNER wanted In light business,
where the services of plain, steady mar. are
preferred to hired help: business long estab-
lished and too much for one man; no experi-
ence required; trial given; $18 to $30 a week
each. Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
NOTICE— To buy or sell your business quick
for cash see MENZEL & CO.. 7 Grant aye.
$450— SALOON; clears $75 per month; bargain.
$550— Corner grocery and bar; full value.
$500 — Restaurant; receipts $35 per day.
$350— Cigar store; Market st. ; a snap.
To buy or sell see MENZEL. 7 Grant ava.
A— KREDO & CO 22H Geary st.
Real Estate and Business Chances.
$Sso Grocery and bar; value in stock.
700 — Grocery and bar; Third st. : snap.
$1750— Saloon; cor. Market; receipts $75 dally.
$200— Saloon; corner; near cattle market.
1 375— Cigar stand; clears $!T0 monthly.
$175— Cigar stand; $10 dally.
$325— GROCERY; bar.
$1100— Hotel; water front; splendid bargain.
$275 — Branch bakery.
$100— Branch bakery and delicatessen.
$150— Saloon; worth $300; to-day.
JONES. 865 Market st.
— WELL stocked candy store: must sell at
once. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
$1000— Partner wanted In saloon; established 30
years; receipts over $SOO per month.
M'LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market at.
— COFFEE and chop house: a bargain. Mc-
LAUGHLIN _ CO., 777 Market St.
M. W. MOON & CO., formerly the National
Agency at 7 Grant aye., are now located at
1008H Market st. and have buyers to Invest
In any legitimate business; tarties willing to
sell give us a call: correspondence solicited.
BARBERS, Attention!— For sale: barber busi-
ness, 2 chairs, fifteen (15) cent shop, situ-
ated in hotel building In a good country town;
Fortuna. Cal. Address W. J. P.. Fortuna,
Humboldt County, Cal.
$325— SEVEN furnished rooms and bar; $315—4
furnished rooms and cigar stand. [ WARD &
MARTIN. 1065 Market, opp. Hlbernia Bank.
| PARTNER with some means by expert wine
man for opening neat, respectable wine
room with family trade. Box 51S, Call office.
A— SALOON; 1 block from The Call; with 8
rooms; sell cheap on account of sickness.
Call at 6774 Mission St.
FINE little saloon: must sell, account of leav-
ing city. 30t> Minna st.
: FOR SALE— Fine cigar stand; 34 Eddy. Call
I room 614. Call building.
! BARBER shop, 3 chairs; old established; cigar
i and laundry business; bargain; going Eaet.
Box 033. Call office.
GOOD- bakery, horse and wagon, with branch
! route of $350 per month; cheap. Address box
€24, Call office. . : .......
FOR SALE— Restaurant: on account of sick-
ness; splendid location. Inquire 1212H Polk.
ENERGETIC man with $500 can clear $500 a
month, guaranteed this places a new and
necessary article upon the market. Partic-
ulars, box SO4. Call office, Oakland.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento St.
PROMOTERS wanted to introduce new inven-
j tion. Box US, Call office.
OLD-ESTABLISHED drinking saloon for sale
cheap. Inquire at 650 Sacramento, nr. Kearny.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitor! headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 147-10*
K. »> «t
LODGING HOUSES KOII SALE.
H. C. DECKSR, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth?
110-room corner house $6500
10- room house: worth $1000 500
32 rooms: fine corner 1850
14-room house: only 600
26-room house; rent $50 750
8-room house to rent; furnished
6-room. flat; rent $22 250
. 14 rooms; on Sutter st 430
S2 rooms; reduced from $5000 to 2500
10 rooms; on Sutter st 250
I!-room house: new house and furniture. Ss'i
8 rooms; new furniture; cost $550 200
12 rooms; on Market St.; rent $40... 450
10-room house; only .- 150
21 rooms; corner; clears $150 654
46-room house: corner 1200
1 HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
MONEY LOANED ON ANY HOUSE.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market «t.
A— KREDO _ CO :...22V4 Geary St.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
9 rooms: nice house: clears $35 $325
10 rooms: bay-window corner; transient... 500
14 rooms: all bay windows: a snap .... 800
23 rooms; Fifth St.: clears $75 600
And others. Call and get list. KREDO.
$1300 — Lodging house: 40 rooms, bargain: part
cash if desired. M'LAUGHLIN A CO.. 777
Market st.
NOTICE— To buy or sell a lodging-house quick
for rash f»»p MKNZr.I. fr CO.. 7 Grant aye.
______
HORSES.
ft) HORSES of ever description at Emporium
Sslesyards. 220 Valencia St., bet. Thirteenth
and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.. at your own price.
4C HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
rarts. harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. ?17 Sixth: auction sales every Wedass-
dav STI.T.TVAN* » riOTT.f. A-v'ti^neers
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
EXPRESS wagon and two ' horses for sale.
N. W. cor. Preclta aye. and Alabama st.
$40— 2-TON coal wagon; a bargain. KLEIBER
& CO.. !•■•■» Folsom st. ■
FOR SALE— .MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS engines, Id-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH A- WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont at.
A NEAT holiday gift for your daughter: a nice
solitaire diamond ring for. s9; cost $20. UN-
CLE HARRIS. 13 Grant aye.
FOR sale— Dwellinc-hoHse: cheap; 455 Bryant
st. Apply room 36. 7th floor. Mills building.
GASOLINE engine. 2 and 4 horse-power; cheap.
Box 620. Call office. ■ - ■
FINE Wheeler & Wilson sewing machine, $10.
at 2CO6A Howard; call afternoon.
TOOLS & machinery, every description, bought,
sold & exchanged: send postal. .648 Mission.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand. J.
KOONAN. 1017-1019- -1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND engine?, boilers, pumps, hose,
belting, etc. H. L. WHITE. 516 Mission St.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento st.
J. R POOL, hnuse-movr. dealer second-hand
buildlne material. 1124 Mission; tel. , South 787.
SAFES — In new and p<»cond-hand : all
sires; half original ccst. 109-111 Market, S. F.
BIX ho'sepower Zenith gas engine: nearly new.
Cal. Belt Co.. El 9 Mission; tel Hr 331.
ONE and 2 bowl barber < washstands, cheap.
HT'PPCmiIDT. f 23 Golden Gate aye. -
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
NO fee unless successful. W. P. ADAMS, rm.
607, Emma Bprecl els bldg.. 527 Market st.
ADVICE free: divorce laws; private. J. B.
EVANS. 14 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 827. Market St.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice ; open evgs. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkin.
L. B. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg.. Ml Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees In advance.
■-. _ . YtKON mail, __^ ;~
RELIABLE party returning to Yukon, via
Skaguay and Bennett, over the ice with dog
teams, will leave San Francisco January 10,
1899. for Dawson. Circle . City and .by sta-
tions on the Yukon River, ■ as ' far as Ram-
part City; will .receive and carry letters sent
In Government stamped - envelopes at $1 per
letter; letters over 2 ounces will be charged
— extra: all must be stamped according to
weight; letters for Atlin City will be for-
warded from Bennett. Call or address letters
' with fee inclosed.
N. B. — Letters received will be answered
by postal, which forms a receipt, signed by
the carrier. if so desired..* Address C. G.
JOHNSTONE, 331 Kearny St., San Francisco,
Cal.
PERSONALS.
PICTURE framing with glass, now cheaper j
than ever; 7x9 inches. 10c, 10x12, 15c; 12x18.
20c; 14x17, 25c: 16x20, 30c; 18x22. 35c; 20x24. 45c; !
22x28, COc; curtain poles complete, with wood
or brass trimmings. 15c; room molding, all
colors ie per foot; colored pictures, studies,
; etc.. 3 for 10c. JONES. 647 Mission St., bet.
First and Second. Open evenings. •_
THE Gastronomic restaurant, formerly the
Poodle Dog, will remain open at the same
place as before., the kitchen being under the
direction of one of the best chefs in the city.
A. GAUDARD, prop'r., cor. Bush and Grant.
LEDERER. th« hairdresser, has but one price,
25c; all styles; LEDERER'S FOAMO, 6c pack-
age; use no other; switches, $1 up; open Sun-
days and holidays. 9 to 12. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER'S Qulnonia Is the one tonic that
helps hair that is thin or falling out; 35c bot-
tle, try it. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton St.
.JOSEPH GREVEN, instructor or many now
celebrated singers, will open by request two
classes, each with about 10 pupils, beginning
January, being impossible to receive the many
applicants for single lessons; classes, month-
ly $2. ensemble and single treatment: only
these enlisting before Christmas accepted.
Rms. 121-122 Murphy bldg.. Jones and Market.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's: I
highest price: postal. H. Fabian, 1020 Folsom. I
STAMP Albums. best Christmas present stamps
bought. W. Sellschopp & Co.. US Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market; 200 room*;
*6c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHRISTMAS — Japanese bamboo furniture;
all kind? to order: wholesale and retail; coun-
try orders. K.- YOSHITANI CO.. 813 Sutter.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installment*. .L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st . bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCIS' vi Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market; men and women teachers.
LATEST style dresses made, $5 to $6; dresses !
made over.' 3 Eddy St.. rooms 14 and 15.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION^ ~-"™~~~"-~ ~"""" ~-~~~~~~
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The celebrated medium and clairvoyant of all
clairvoyants, who sees it all, tells you all and i
Instantly gives you peaCe and happiness. She I
never asks a question, but before you utter a
word she tells you in full of all that you are
interested in; business, speculation, love,
marriage, divorce, tells ■of friends and ene-
mies, locates mines and burled treasures.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
All correspondence sacredly confidential.
Treatment and consultation by mall always
satisfactory and most successful. Address or
call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
v 1104 Market St.. S. F.. The Vendome.
DR. M. MUEHLENBRUCH. the prophetic seer
and psychometrlst, box 118. Oakland. Cal.,
diagnoses disease by mail' without symptoms
from lock of hair: 5 2-cent stamps; rock from
mines read, $2 50: life readings by mall, $2 60;
send for testimonials.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trancs
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies: consult
when others fall: slttincs $1. 232 Stockton st.
MADAME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader
and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c. 1150 Mis-
sion st.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m.. 25c. 409 Leaven worth st.
A BENEFIT test circle to-night, 10c; Mme.
Young, 605 McAllister: come skeptics.
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m.;
Mon., 8: 25c: sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
BUSINESS medium and. palmist: readings 25c
this week: satisfaction guaranteed. 134H 6th.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
Permanently Located In San Francisco,
, _ At 1023% Market Street.
Between Sixth and Seventh.
While entranced gives aid and advice which
will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
with the one you love no failure, remove influ-
ence, bad habits, cures witchery, fits and long-
standing and mysterious diseases; will give cor-
rect information on law suits, sickness, death,
divorces, absent friends, etc
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms, !
To MRS. DR. P. CLARK. 1023^ Market st.
BLANCHE de Chapelle, card reading. 41"
Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 «th, rm. 10.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; 10c; ladles only.
543 Natoma St., bet. 6th and 7th.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clalr-
voyant and card reader. 1163 Mission, nr. Sth.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
Mrs. Hopkins, tr. medium, rdgs dally, $1; cir- :
cles Tuts. eve., 25c. 322 S. Spring, Los Angeles. j
MME. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fession, has removed to 218 Stockton St.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: ■ business
advice: names glvrn; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk st., has returned i
to the city and resumed business; a sure and >
cafe cure for all female diseases from what- !
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour- )
aged shuuld call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patients. "with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER. 610 Eddy St.. betweea
Hyde and Larkin. I
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fail; ,
travelers helped without delay; home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialists free and confidential. MRS.
DR. WYETH. 208 Turk st.. near Jones.'
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies, |
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' pratclce; cafe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace !
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief, i
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home, j
' etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no da- j
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi- !
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market St.; ,
pills, $1; very strong, $2. .
ALL of Dr. Fou let's capsules are guaranteed j
' absolute ■ cure for all female diseases; posi- !
tively safe and fu re; no danger of after ef- j
fects; taken in time it also acts aa a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box. sent free by mall i
on receipt of price: consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23 Grant
aye.. S. F. A caution — purchasing
elsewhere write us. t •
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; safe and
sure: no medicine or Instruments used: con-
sultation free: pills and capsules. $1; cure $5.
By the well-known ladles' physician for 37
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER. 318 Kearny st. -
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all j
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever j
cause; no Instruments used; guaranteed cure I
at office, $5: travelers helped Instantly: hours
9 a. m. to 6 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122
Market St.. bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS— LadIes In trouble see Drs. Good-
win free: "reliable, safe and sura; cure in 24
" hours guaranteed: any complaints: no Instru-
ments; maternity, home; best medical at-
tendance: cure. $5. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 1362 A Mkt..bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned spe-
clallst; all monthly Irrejrularltles < restored*
whatever cause: all cases relieved Immediate-
ly; call or write; confidential. 1023H Market.
ALL married ladles know "Segruro," the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st. ;
$150. Send 2o stamp for circulars to,SEGU-
RO MFG. CO.. 631 X St.; Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care an<s . • attendance; terms i
moderate; Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger; cafe cure; $2 60;
expressed C. O. D. don't delay until too late. I
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. > Oakland Cal. I
MRS. ACHARD, midwife: pleasant sunny home j
■ in confinement. 7 156 Second st. ; tel. Green £2.
Bellevue Sanitarium— cared : for during
confinement. 727 Bellevue aye.. Lou Angeles. I '
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented, few partly j
used for sale cheap; send fcr ; samples and '
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery. !
A HAMMOND, $25: Caligraph. $15; ,Yost. " $25:
get sample work. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery st. j
HOCSES TO LET.
A — Send for circular; houses to let all parts of
city. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FILLMORE. 1720— Seven handsomely, modern-
papered sunny rooms; large yard and basem't.
MODERN residence. 3415 Jackson St.: grand
view 11 rooms and bath. Apply MADISON
_ BURKE. 626 Market st.
PERRY, 212H— Bay-window house. 4 rooms;
rent $12 60; water free. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN & CO., Incorporated. . .
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. ■-• -. . '■ - ■
10-ROOM house for rent; sunny; modern; yard;
barn; rent $25. 3522 Nineteenth st.
12-ROOM house: fine for renting rooms. 29 Oak
St., near Market. A^ply at 15 Grant aye.
$20—6 ROOMS and bath <new); Sutro Heights;
grand marine view; near 2 car lines. 410
Forty-fifth aye.
COTTAGES TO LET.
403 LAUREL Modern cottage, 6 rooms and
bath: rent reasonable. Apply MADISON _
BURKE. 626 Market St. /
FLATS TO LET.
CASTRO, 541, near 19th— $17 50: 6 rooms and
porcelain bath; sunny upper flat.
FINE sunny flat, 4 rooms; near Mechanic*'
Pavilion. 62 Ivy aye.
MODERN, lower flat. 6 rooms and bath; large
basement; rent reasonable; 3316 Sacramento
St. MADISON & BURKE. .
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BELGRAVIA. 1715 Polk— Elegant rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished; en suite or single.
FIFTH, 353 — Clean furnished housekeeping
rooms, 3 for $12 and 2 for $12; single rms., $5.
GROVE. 202, corner Van Ness aye.— Suite of 3
sunny uhfurnlshed rooms, with gas range. '
GUY place. 12, oft First, Just above Folsom—
$16; 6 rooms and bath; lower part of house.
JESSIE, 439. bet. sth and 6th— 3 sunny con-
necting rooms, furnished complete for
housekeeping; $14.
KEARNY, near Butter— Three unfurnished
front rooms for offices or housekeeping; gas
free; cheap rent. Apply 15 Grant aye.
MARKET, 102S— Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed; closet: call after 6 p. m.
MISSION, — 2 convenient connecting house-
keeping rooms; also single; sunny.
O'FARRELL, 929, near Van Ness— Nice front
room and large kitchen furnished for house-
keeping; gas, gas stove; $13 month.
SIXTH, 393, corner Harrison— front
rooms, furnished for housekeeping.
SIXTH, 420 — Housekeeping rooms; also elegant
parlor suite; running water, bath, closets.
TEHAMA. 62. near Second— lower part of
house; first rate order.
THIRD, Rms., double or single; furnished
complete housekpg; sunny side; front; rent low.
THIRD. 340 — Two rooms complete for house-
keeping; rent $7.
ROOMS TO LIST.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearoy rt.— pTeasant
tunny rooms; en suite or ingle; first-class
in every respect: terms reasonable,
BRUNSWICK— Sixth St.. corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single, 25c to $1 a. night;
$1 25 to $5 week: open all night; Howard-st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
CARROLLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate—
Nicely furnished rooms and offices.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
- furnished single and double rms.: $8. $1" mo.
EDDY, 118 Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central: very desirable; $6 per month upward.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— Nice sunny suite*
_ sing.. $1 50. $6 wk. : 50c, $1 day: tel. 81. 1384.
GEARY. 14A— Sunny front bay-window suite;
other rooms; $S to $10 per month.
GEARY, 428, "The Gage"— Elegant furnished,
en suite and single; hot and cold water; bath.
GEARY, 656— Elegant sunny suites, privilege
light housekeeping; gas, range; other rooms;
reasonable. .
GRAND SOUTHERN. BE. cor. Seventh and
Mission Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GROVE, 417*4 — unfurnished rooms to let.
HANCOCK House, 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 *er week.
HASKELL, The, 121 Powell— management;
cheap, neat, light, sunny rooms; transient.
MECHANICS* HOUSE, 436 Fifth— Everything
new; rms., single or suite. $1 wk. up; trana-
clent; bar In connection. F. W. Gardener, bro.
C. J. Gardener of Folsom and Rausch, prop.
MISSION. 933 (Mint House)— Nice sunny fur-
niched rooms; transient: new house: central.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
PIEDMONT House, 119 A 6th— Nicely furnished
sunny front rooms: double, single; first class.
PINE,' 614 A, near Kearny — Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite; moderate.
SEVENTH. 179— New house, newly furnished;
modern, sunny: single or suite; $6 to $20 mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth su.
near - Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza: day or month.
STOCKTON, 317— Newly furnished suite: also
single rooms;, bath, telephone; reasonable;
central.
TAYLOR, 323— Nicely furnished front rooms;
en suite or p>'igle; bath. gas.
ELEVENTH. IC6— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
ROOMS AMI BOARD.
EXCELLENT board with rooms; all home
cooking: with refined, select family; reason-
able rates. MRS. HORN, 226 Turk st.
FELL, 26 — nicely furnished sunny rooms, with
board; reasonable; gas; gents preferred.
FIRST. 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fairmount, 1714 Market— new
' furniture: first class In every respect: table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water: elevator;
, suites, with board for 2, $50 a month up.
IRVING, 1070 Valencia— Large sunny front al-
: cove room,
O'FARRELL, 742— Sunny single rm. : also sunny
i parlor for 3 gentlemen; home comforts: piano.
SUTTER, 1128— Elegant room and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed; reasonable.
V.AN* NESS aye., 519— Sunny furnished suites
nmV . — v rooms; first-class table board.
.-CHILDREN BOARDED.
EXPERIENCED lady would board Infant or
Older children; mother's care; $10. 2SS2 Slx-
teenth »t.. near Howard.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
_ __________ _._.
DEXTISTS.
A METAL plate for the tame price as rub-
ber; full set .of teeth, $5; crov na. »3; fill-
ings, 50c: teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; ; extracting fre«
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern ■ Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st. -
A FULL set of teeth. $5: see new flexible
r plates; light and thin.: guaranteed 10 years:
• teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 60c; crowns, $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.: telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2. bridges $4; rub-
*b»r or flexible plates $3; received 8 first prizes:
no students; guarantee 12 years.-
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors: full set
of teeth. $5 up: fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market St., corner Sixth. - ; i •:
FULL set of teeth, $4: fillings, 25c: J2k. gold
crown*, $3: gold bridge, $5; plates repaired;
" painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS. . 963 - Mission ; st. : y- .
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work und fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Keamy; get of teeth,
$4; filling. gold, EOc; silver, 25c: crowns. $3.
THE Esmond dental parlors. 43 6th— Crown and
bridge work speclallpts: crowns $3: est. 15 yrs.
SET •of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. • ■
ALL work r»a*onable and warranted. PR. J.
: W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any » address in the United
State!". p<">«tT'ai<i. for $1 60 a year. *
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY.' rented ; f repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds ; bought, sold, ; . exchanged, rented
. repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. . ;„■■'
FURXITURr : : FOR ;• SALE.
DOLORES. ■■? 429— 3-room . cottage; . rheaD: 'call
evenings; ; furniture for sale. , ..; ,
CITY REAL ESTATE.
I HOUSES built for $150 a room and up; repair i
! done: will call. GEORGE M. SALSBURY.
! builder, 521 X St.. Sunset District. j
$450— NEBRASKA • St., near Nineteenth and i
Lick School: 25x100; $50 cash, balance $8 per
month; corner $500. Inquire 1316 Hayes st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
300 ACRES near good town; mostly level; con- |
trols thousands of acres of range; plenty of
timber; large orchard: house, barns, buggies, j
agricultural Implements; on railroad; SUOO ■
. cash, balance $2500 on mortgage at low inter- 1
est and long time. 'Box 670. . Call office.
FOR SALE— Country home of F. S. Wensln-
ger; 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises, Freestone. Sonoma Co. 1
BARGAINS 1-3 20-acr* tracts: level, rich val- '■
ley.land; within 25 miles of Oakland; price
I , way down. Box 731. Call office.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States, postpaid, for $1 SO a year.
MONEY TO LOAM.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
•removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, room 408, Parrott building.
LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 1003 Vi Broadway,
Oakland. Hours, 10 to 8. ,
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. ISO Powell st.
ANY amount at 6\4 per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
$5000 IN sums to suit; reliable parties. 120 Ellis
St., room 4. until Jan. 1.
. t
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason st., opp. Olympia Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market St.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
FIX AX CIA JL.
NOTES discounted: loans negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
30 MINUTES from San Francisco; 3 minutes
from station; in attractive neighborhood:
new residence, 7 rooms; strictly modern;
thoroughly constructed and finely finished; lot
42x125; small payment and monthly install-
ments can be arranged. HERON & HOL-
COMB, 1050 Broadway.
2 NEW elegant flats, furnished, good loca-
tion: fine for young married couple. Apply
E. E. BUXCE. 908 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— «nd che«-> H. SOHBL1»-
HAAR' old *tAT». <r,» ri.T-«"< ••/ «•• v—
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE — cents on the dollar; one 5, one
6 and one 7 room cottage; also for Investment,
two 2-story cottages; \>ay net 10 per cent;
best location. Apply to A. R. DENKE SP...
Webster-st. station, narrow-gauge.
I HOUSES built to order at your own prices and
on your own terms; call and see plans. J. H.
YOUNG. Builder, 1243 Park st. I
1 —^— —^-^— — —^— —^^— — — ■
BERKtLIiV REAL ESTATE.
$1750 HOUSE of 6 ' rooms; large lot; street
work all done; electric cars pass the doors; a
bargain. Apply to JOS. J. MASON, Real
Estate, Berkeley.
$5500— A FIRST-CLASS Investment; house of IS
rooms; near the university; thoroughly well
built; all the latest improvements; street
work all done; leased for $50 net monthly.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON, ■ Real Estate,
Berkeley.
FOR SALE— Fine place in the center of Berke-
ley for chicken ranch, milk ranch or home;
six acres; house, barn, . outhouses, windmill
and all improvements; , price $7000.
D. J. TOBIN, Real Estate Agent,
--■-■■- 2121 Stanford place.
" "~~™ PROPOSALS. . ~ "'
PROPOSALS **' ~
" ■;' " FOR
PAPER FOR THE PUBLIC PRINTING
AND BINDING.
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received un-
til January 12, 1899, at 10:30 o'clock a. m.,
for furnishing the PAPER for the PUBLIC
PRINTING and BINDING for the year end-
ing 2Sth of February, 1900, the said proposals
to be opened before and the award of con-
, tracts to be made by the Joint Committee
of Congress on Public Printing to the lowest
and best bidder for the interest of the Gov-
ernment, the committee reserving to itself
the right to reject any and all bids, as its
judgment of the best interests of the Gov-
ernment may dictate.
Detailed schedules of the description,
quantity and quality of the paper required,
accompanied by samples and blank proposals,
and giving the regulations with which bid-
ders must comply, can be obtained by ad-
dressing F. W. Palmer, Public Printer,
Washington, D. C.
The contracts will be entered into for sup-
plying such quantities of paper as may be
; needed during the year, and no more.
The estimated quantities set forth in detail
in the schedule comprise:
65,000 reams machine-finish printing paper
Ma ■
16,000 reams machine-finish printing paper
• 88x43.
82.000 reams sized and super-calendared
white or tinted printing paper, various sizes.
• 29,500 reams white writing paper, various
sizes and weights.
2SOO reams colored writing paper, various
sizes and weights.
2OCO reams cover paper, various sizes and
weights.
75,000 pounds of best plate paper.
200,000 pounds of best map paper.
250,000 pounds superfine (double) coated
book, paper. .
3600 reams rnanlla paper, various sizes and
weights. .
100,000 pounds glazed bond paper.
20,000 pounds artificial parchment, various
sizes
3000 pounds parchment deed.
110,000 sheets cardboard, various colors
sizes and weights. '
2.600,000 sheets bristol board, various colors
sizes and weights. • .■ - "
7300 reams first-class ledger paper, white
or blue, laid or wove, ' various sizes and
•weights.
90«) reams second-class ledger paper, white 1
or ■ blue, laid or wove, various sizes and 1
.weights.
■ 3700 reams tissue and copying paper.
35 reams blotting paper, any required color
and weight. • ■
150 reams tar paper, 24x36.
345 reams "laid, marble and comb paper
various sizes. '
350 reams typewriter paper, various sizes !
and weights.
865 reams cap, letter and note paper.
100 reams white French folio, 17x22.
2000 sheets parchment, 15x21. .
Proposals will be received for one thou-
sand reams or more.
By direction of the Joint Committee of
, Congress on Public Printing.
F. W. PALMER,.
Public Printer.
Washington, D. C, December 13, 1898.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. December 19. 1898—
- Sealed proposals, In triplicate, will be re- !
ceived here until 12 o'clock m., January 18 I
1599, and then opened, for construction of a
garbage cremator at Presidio of San Fran- 1
cisco, Cal. Government reserves right to re- I
ject or accept any or all bids in whole or in '
part. Preference given to articles of do-
mestic production, • conditions of price and
quality (including in the • price of foreign
productions the duty thereon) being equal
and such preference given to articles of
American production produced on the Pacific
. Coast to extent -of consumption - required by '
' the public service there. Information fur- '
: nlshed on application to undersigned. En- i
velofes containing proposals ■ should be In- i
dorsed "Proposals for Cremator at Presidio
of Sun Francisco, Cal.," and addressed to J
M. MARSHALL. Deputy Quartermaster Gen- i
I eral. Chief Q. M. !
.. j :- >- i STORAGE.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving ; Co.
Office 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; ttl. Main £711 I
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Jesse C. McGulre : and Emma H.-Flinn.:.. 25-26
James Marshall and Albertean Francis 47-25
' A. A. O'Brien and Clara M. Westcott... 36-40
William A. Gross and Anna Curran.. ......29-19 !
Axel ' C. Soderwall and ■■ Beda Larson . . ... . . .25-22
Robert A. Nicol and Marie T. J. C0an...... 35-39 ;
Tony D. I . Goldman and Francis E. Dwyer..23-2S '<
1 Christian ; Marguadt and Franziska Friede. 39*2s
I Anton I Fosteno and Josephine Kelbourn . . . .28-30
j Charles Johnson and Mary Frlede 33-32
1 John W. Lewis and Elizabeth J0ne5....... 35-30 '
! John T. Gallop and Johanna Gruber 49-27 i
' Charles H. Louis and Eliza L. Fisher..... 52-31 '
Noe Abrahams and : Hannah Gosllner 30-23
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
,r, r Birth, marriage '- and ■': death ■ notices sent by |
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed ,
I In at either . of . the publication offices and be a
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized t» have the same published. ;
BORN.
CHATTERTON— In this city, to the wife of
John Chatterton.'a son.
FORSEN— In this city, 10 the wife of F. For-
sen. a son.
PINCUS— In this city. ember 21. IS9S, to
wife of Eikan Pincus, a son.
SMITH— In this CM December 14. UN, to th«
wife of Dr. It. W. .Smith, a daughter.
DIED.
Anderson. Acna Kruse. Frank H.
Barkhause. Fred C. Lancaster, Mary H.
Cane. John C. " .". Lathrop, Edward B-
Darrin. Margarette McDonald. Jane
Eagle. Frank Mahoney, Mary
Gazin. Marie G. Marvin. Marjorie
Grinberg, Herman Riehl. Arthur W.
Hanley, Mary Smith. Charles J.
Holste, Agnes P. j Spellman Julia T.
Heeler, John S. Walmsley, Anna W.
Kelleher. Loretto A. Walsh. Malaskia 8,
Klose. Carl Weaks, Randolph J.
Kronholm, Gustaf F. Wyman. Caroline C.
ANDERSON— In this city, December 22, IS9B.
Anna, relict of the late James 'Anderson, a
i native of Glasgow. Scotland.
E?"Funeral services will be held to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the late resi-
dence, 1921 Buchanan street. Interment pri-
vate.
BARKHAUSE— In Oakland. December 22, IS9B,
Fred C, beloved husband of Mary C. Bark-
. hause, a native of Berlin, Germany, aged 68
. years 2 months and 10 days.
CANE— In this city. December 21. IS9B. John
C, beloved husband of Clare Mesgill Cane,
father of Bessie Cane, son of John and the
late Elizabeth Cane, and brother of William
and Joseph Cane, a native of San Francisco,
aged 25 years.
(C^Friends ami acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
. December 23, at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1325 Etelner street. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
! DARRIN— In Oakland, December 22. 189 S. Mar-
I garette Estella, beloved wife of E. K. Dar-
rln, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. Schumann,
sister of Mr*. W. J. Sharp and Annie and
Emma Schumann, and granddaughter of Mr.
and Mrs. J. L. Hall, a native of California,
aged 24 years 6 months and 4 days.
K^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1226 East Twenty-second street. East
Oakland, thence to St. Anthony's Church.
East Fifteenth street, corner Sixteenth ave-
nue, -where services will be held at 2 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
EAGLE— In the city and County. Hospital. De-
cember 22, 1898, Frank Eagle, a native of
j Massachusetts, aged 70 years.
j GAZIN— In this city. December 2ft, IS9S, Maria
Godal Gazin. aunt of Mrs. T. Christopher, a
I native of France, aged SO years.
Funeral private.
GRIXBERG— In this city, December 21. UK, at
the Pacific Hebrew Home, Herman Grinberg,
a native of Poland, aged 102 years 4 months
and 6 days.
iCTFriends and acquaintances are resr""Ct-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and . Townsend
: streets.
; HAXLET— In Vallejo. December 11. 1595. Mary,
i beloved daughter of John J. and Maggie Man-
ley, aged 1 year and 6 months.
! HOLSTE— In Alameda, December 21. 1593.
' Agnes Porter Holste, beloved wife of George
A. Holste.
CTThe funeral will be held this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her mother. 2115 Clinton avenue. Alameda.
Interment private.
HOVELER— In this city. December 22. • IS9S,
John Simon, infant son of William and Eliza-
beth Hoveler. a native of San Francisco, aged
I 3 months and 5 nays.
I KELLEHER— In this city. December 22. MS.
Lcretto A., beloved daughter of John and
Johanna Kelleher, a native of San Francisco,
aged I year 5 months and IS days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 12 o'clock, . from the parents'
residence, ?30 Prospect avenue, off Mission
street, between Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
I KLOSE— In San Pablo. Contra Costa County,
December 20, 1598, Carl, beloved husband of
Armlda Klose. and father of Adolph Klose,
a native of Germany, aged 70 years and 25
days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from San Pablo Bap-
tist Church, San Pablo. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
KRONHOLM— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, December 22. IMS, Gustaf Frithiof Kron-
holm, a native of Sweden, aged 36 years.
KRUSE— In this city, December 22, IS3S. Frank
H.. dearly beloved husband of Maria Kruse,
and father of George and Fred Kruse, Mrs. S.
E. Culverwell, Fra/ik Kruse, Mrs. I. S. Pres-
ton and Lena Kruee, a native of Germany,
aged 62 years 6 months and 4 days. A member
of Verein Eintracht.
E?"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, ; 407 Forty-second avenue, - near Point
Lobos. Interment strictly private. Please
omit flowers.
LANCASTER— Entered Into rest at Oakland.
December 22, IS9S, Mary Herman, beloved
wife of Dr. Charles E. Lancaster, and mother
of Mrs. William H. Randall of Bozeman.
■ Mont., Mrs. Frank Pinkham. Mrs. S. I H.
Masters and Ralph. Mac, Charles E. Jr.
and Eugene Lancaster, a native of Buffalo,
! N. T. (Buffalo papers please copy.)
ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to assemble at the residence.
677 Thirty-sixth street, west of Grove, to-
j morrow (Saturday), at 11:30 o'clock. Inter-
I ment private.
LATHROP— In this city, December 22, IS9S.
Edward Baxter Lathrop, beloved son of Mrs.
H. L. Fox. a native of California, aged 23
years and 11 months.
C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his mother, 1713 Green street. In-
terment private.
I M^nONALD— In this city. December 22,. 1898,
i Jane, relict of James McDonald, and beloved
I mother of James and Joseph McDonald. Mrs.
I Charles Sweeney, Mrs. Gu? Echrtmpf and the
late Mrs. Al Schwartz, a native of London-
derry, Ireland, aged 60 years. (Philadelphia,
Pa., papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 267 Shipley street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
■ Calvary Cemetery.
IIAHONET— In this city. December 22. IS9S,
Mary, beloved wife of the late Timothy Ma-
honey, and mother of Mary F... Margaret T.
and John F. Mahoney, a native of Bandon,
County Cork, Ireland, aged 56 years. ': • .
(C^Friends and acquaintance are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the under-
taking parlors of McGinn Bros.. 31 Fddystreet.
I thence to "St. Patrick's Church, where serv-
ices will be held for the repose of her soul,
j commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
I MARVIN— In Seattle, December 16. IS9S. Mar-
jorie, beloved wife of C. E. Marvin, mother
of Marjorie Marvin, .daughter of May and
the late Colin Mclntosh, and sister of Colin
and J. F. Mclntosh and Mrs. A. W. Suther-
land, a native of Australia.
C7"-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
December -'. at 1:18 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her Bother, 911 H Trent avenue, near
- Twenty-second street. Interment I. O. O. F.
I Cemetery.
! RIEHL— In Oakland, December 21. 1898. Arthur
William, only child of William and Kate
Riehl, aged 7 years 10 months and 16 days.
SMITH— In this city. December 22, 189S, Charles
James, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
N. Smith, and brother of Thomas B. Vert
! and Helen A. Smith, a native of San Fran*
| Cisco, aged 8 years and 1 month. . :
■ (CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow"
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, ' from the residence
of his parents, 742 Castro street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SPELLMAN— In this city. December 21. MS,
Julia Theresa, dearly beloved wife of the late
John Spellman. and mother of John, James
I J. and Stephen F. Spellman and Mrs. Byron
Bailey, a native of County Galway, Ireland,
aged 66 years.
IC?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified to attend the funeral thts
day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 238 Lombard street, corner of Kearny.
thence to Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WALMSLET— In this city, December 20. 189 S.
Anna W.. beloved wife of W. W. Walmsley,
.beloved daughter of Mr. Brune L. and Eliza-
beth Gerdes. and sister of Mrs. George Boech,
a native of San Francisco, aged 25 years 10
months and 15 days. -."•"•■
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 41S Lasruna street. between Oak and
Fell. Interment 1.-O. O. F. Cemetery.
WALSH— In this cltv, December 22, ISSg, Mal-
askia S., relict of Henry J. Walsh, a native of
Georgia. aged 54 years and 9 months.
£7 The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Company. 20 Fifth
street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral." where
• a requiem high mass will be celebrated . for
the rerose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, hv
10:4" o'clock train from Third and Tcwnsend
streets.
WEAKS— In Oakland, : December 22. ISSS. Ran-
dolph J. Weaks. a native of San Francisco,
aged 19 years and 3 months...
WYMAN— In San- Mateo, December 21. 189?.
Caroline Coddington Wyman, beloved mother
of Mrs. George A. Knight and Herbert C.
Wvman. a native of New Jersey, aged 75
• years. (Elizabeth, N. J., and Eureka. Cal.,
piiTwrn please copy.) ■ • _ • . -
C7"lnterment at Eureka. •'al. Friends can
1 view remains at Gray's undertaking parlors,
Sacramento street, on Friday and Saturday.
~HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to ; Flanagan . &'; Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALM TEB3.
SO Fifth at., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. . ~ . ■ :v_. j. .
i/V\c/\VOY «Sfc co., 1
FUNEKAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER* I
. 1255 Market st, between Bth and 9th. - I
. Telephone. : South 247. . |
1314
FARO GAMES IN FULL BLAST
UNDER CHIEF LEES' NOSE
One Layout Located in the Palace Hotel, While
Crap Games Flourish Along '
Market Street
"It Is not true that there is a
faro game in operation in the
PaJace Hotel. About two years
ago we pulled a game there and
since then no attempt has been
made to reopen It. Whoever said
that a faro game was being con
ducted in the Palace Hotel is
greatly mistaken." — Statement
made by Chief of Police Lees to
a Call reporter last night.
"I have been doing a little
business with Eastern people at
the PaJace Hotel. I mean by this
that I have been dealing faro In
the Palace. I have dealt the
game myself. I do not want to
get these Eastern people into
trouble, and rather than have
anything said about it I will
close the game up at once." —
Statement made by Joe Harvey
last night.
IF you have purchased all your
Christmas presents and still have
some coin of the realm realm re
maining: in your pockets and an in
clination to seek the Goddess of
Fortune in the lair of the tiger, or
tempt her with the ivory cubes which
sometimes roll up the mystic numbers
of seven and eleven, or lull her with the
soothing whirl of the roulette wheel,
don't ask Chief Lees to "put you on."
That delightful old fossil would almost
explode with virtuous indignation, and
after working off his superfluous wrath
at the bare suggestion that there might
be a proscribed game in operation in
the city, would declare In the most
positive terms that such a thing was
impossible; that no man would dare
TWO OF THE GAMES THAT CHIEF LEES IS SURE ARE NOT RUNNING.
turn a card, spin a wheel or shoot craps
while he was Chief of Police, emphasiz
ing his declaration with sundry fan
tastic expressions.
Possibly the old man would actually
pelieve himself and is even now dozing
in his easy chair, dreaming of his forty
rears' service in the department and
pitching bouquets at himself for having
»o thoroughly terrified those wicked
gamblers. And those wicked gamblers
imile and smile, and are gamblers still.
No, don't go to Lees if you are look-
Ing for that kind of amusement. Just
let the old man drivel on contentedly
while you drop into the Palace Hotel
Lnd let your yearning be known. It does
hot make any difference who you con
fide in; any bell boy, or the colored
porters, or the Chinese scullions, or the
waiters in the grill room, or the bar
keepers, or the cooks or any of the
loungers can put you "wise," and will
do it, too, if they think you are all
right. They may smile a little at your
innocence, but they will readily direct
yon to the freight elevator on the west
Side of the court near the ladies' grill
room. There can be no mistaking it.
Tor It is the only elevator in that part
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Matched
CONSTANTLY
!
Baby Badly Afflicted with Eczema.
Medical Treatment Useless.
Cured by Cuticura.
[ ' My niece's little baby boy had Eczema all
1 over his face, so that he needed continuous
, watching, and he scratched the sores con-
I stantly. Mornings, his face, hands and clothes
■ would be stained with blood. She never
■ could take him out, his face was so full of
I sores. • She had medical treatment, and tried
; everything she heard of. She commenced
using the CunccnA. Remedies. The sores
If/this face and heiras entirely cured, and now
his face Is smooth and rosy.
' . Mrs. L. J. ROOT, New Scotland, N. Y.
Bpbiot Cns« Tkkatx tirr fob Etibt Babt Hcyos,
1111 loss or Hai«. — Warm bsthi with CcnruEA.
bOAi\ Jol.owrd by pintle anointing* with Citiooka,
purest of emollient*, «nd it>«t of »kin earn.
JnM tfcronchont the world. Potter D. ft C. Corf., «ol«
fJopc^Bottoo. How t» Care Enrj Htbj Xlamor, be*.
of the house; besides. If you are head
ed in that direction and seem to hesi
tate there are plenty of touts, or cap
pers, handy who will instinctively fath
om your destination and put you on the
right trail.
These touts are everywhere. They
swarm about the court nightly and are
so open in their assurance that there
is no possible danger attending a visit
to the rooms because the game is un
der police protection, that you cannot
help believing them. If you know any
thing at all about the city you will
know that everybody in town can tell
all about the game; that they visit it
with immunity, brushing r«ast the ven
erable Chief of Police on their way to
the elevator.
You will know that Chief Lees is a
nightly visitor to the Palace Hotel,
passing several hours in the office or
court every evening, and his presence
will go far toward strengthening the
touts' reassuring words.
Knowle<i~-> of the game Is general;
so general that friends of the back
number Chief are seriously alarmed
lest some industrious tout shall get hold
of him some night, mistaking him for
an up-country miner, and run him up
against the game. The shock might
prove disastrous to one of his years and
mental condition.
But you don't have to worry about
such things, so you tell the elevator
boy to take you up to where the fun is
going on. You will be landed at the
first floor and instructed to go to room
937.
No. 937 is easily found. It opens
from the corridor on the Annie street
side, near Market, and is the first of a
suite of Tour rooms. The hotel books
will show t'.iat Joe Harvey, bookmaker
and all-round sport, is the guest who
occupies the suite, and anybody who
knows Joe Harvey knows that he could
have only one use for such extensive
quarters. That use is for gambling
purposes.
There is an attendant stationed at
the door, who, fn answer to your knock,
will admit you cautiously, and while
asking the object of your call will
carefully scrutinize you from head to
foot. When you ask if there is any
thing going on, he will reply, if satis
lied with your appearance, that "there
isn't anything doing tnis evening, but
there may be some of the boys inside."
If he is at all doubtful he will curtly
inform you that the rooms have been
vacated, at the sar.e time opening
the door for you to retire. And he
takes good care that you do retire, too.
But that does not occur very often, for
the game is now well established with
regular patrons, including most of the
horsemen and men about tcfwn. with
money enough to sit into a game with
practically no limit, and the inclination
to do so. The strangers who drop in
now are, for the most part, traveling
men, actors and visitors from the coun
try and the East. As these are all
easily identified and, perhaps, are ac
companied by some capper for the
game, there is no trouble about them
gaining admission.
After you have passed the outer
guard you are still a long way from
the Royal Bengal. There is an Inside j
sentinel stationed at the door of the j
room adjoining 937, into which you |
pass, who takes another mental In- I
THE SAy FRAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1898.
ventory of your sporting proclivities,
and after he satisfies himself that you
are all right you are permitted to enter.
This room, like all the others, is quite
luxuriously furnished, and contains in
vddition to its usual fittings a well
dtocked sideboard, presided ever by a
polite and astute call-boy.
It is not until the third room is
reached that anything like the real
character of the apartments is revealed.
The first two rooms might readily be
mistaken for the headquarters of a po
litical party or a delegation to some
convention, but in the third room a
roulette layout, ready for
instant service, if not in actual use, is
the first object to greet the eye. If
roulette suits you there is no necessity
of making any further exploration; you
oan be accommodated right there and
as long as your money holds out. But
if nothing but the click of a stack of
chips will satisfy you just keep on
through another do-or into the fourth
room and with a suddenness that will
almost cause you to Rasp you will come
full upon the tiger wide awake and do
ing business at the old stand.
There is no formality attending your
entrance. If there is a vacant place at
the table the dealer pauses long enough
for you to invest in a stack of chips
whites 50 cents, reds $1 and blues $5—
and gives you an opportunity to place
your bets, and then he goes on with the
deal.
There is practically no limit to the
betting; the cash drawer at the deal
er's right hand Is always well filled
with piles of shining twenties, tens ana
lives, besides a healthy looking heap
of silver, while a fat wad of green
backs of various denominations is
ready to back up the coin. In all there
is several thousand dollars for you to
pull down If the fickle goddess smiles
on you and you break the bank.
And Joe Harvey knows where to get
more money when that is gone. Besides
Harvey does not run faro and roulette
layouts for charity; he risks his money
for the returns It will bring in and the
returns are satisfactory. They must
be to enable him to pay the army of
touts he has out nightly capping for
his game. Touts are expensive; so are
gamekeepers, watchmen and other at
tendants, while a big suite of rooms
on the first floor of the Palace is not
given rent free as a rule.
These expenses, in addition to the
cost of police protection, which Har
vey's employes so volubly assure you
the game enjoys, being substantiated
by the nightly presence of Chief Lees
among these employes who ply their
vocation under his very nose, require
a much greater percentage of winnings
to meet than a "square" game enjoys.
Old gamblers have figured out that in
a square faro game— that is where the
cards are dealt fairly— the game has
only 5 per cent advantage over the
player. In "brace" games the percent
age depends upon the clevernpss of the
dealer in maninulating the cards.
These same old gamblers will also tell
you that no game can be square and
pay for police protection.
Joe Harvey's game was in full blast
last night, the night before and, in
fact, every night for the past two or
three weeks. It has been known to
everybody in town almost, except Chief
of Police Lees, who droons away his
evenings under the very floor where
faro and roulette are in open opera
tion, it is no exaggeration to say the
game is open, for everybody who looks
as if he had any money to bet has no
difficulty in finding room 937. There are
no heavily barred doors to keep out the
police; only the ordinary wooden doors
such as are used all over the hotel
afford the desired privacy to the play
ers. These doors are kept locked, but
the locks are of ordinary pattern and
besides an attendant is always on hand
to answer any knock.
Chief Lees is willfully blind— as Her
veys's employes freely assert— or this
flagrant violation of the law is but fur
ther proof that he has outlived his use
fulness. It Is said the Chief has be
come so feeble minded that he can no
longer detect his own presence, and it
looks as though this were true.
But Lees is not the only blind man
in town, nor is Harvey's the only game
running.
Police Commissioner M. A. Ounst.
Rambler, commissioner and guardian of
public morals, who is too busily en
gaged in handling Dan Burns' fight
for the Seniitorship to take heed
of anything else, is respectfully invited
to drcp the defaulting ex-Secretary of
State's boom long enough to pay a visit
to the Palace Hotel and to the other
games The Call names.
Mr. Gunst is so well and favorably
known as a sport and commission man
CALL MEN LOCATE THE GAMES.
FOR weeks it has been common talk that San Francisco was rapidly
becoming what M. A. Gunst, Police Commissioner, gambler, commis
sion man and all-around sport, and all the others of his ilk, have openly
advocated— a wide-open town. An army of touts has been and is em
ployed in capping- for Joe Harvey's faro game in the Palace Hotel, while
crap and faro games in other parts of the city have been conducted almost
as openly. It was the unblushing boast of Harvey's men that the game
paid for police protection, and its location was so generally known that
there seemed to be good grounds for the assertion.
With the object of accurately locating and exposing these games. The
Call sent out several men Tuesday night to gain admission and indulge in
play. The first attempt was mane at the Palace. The reporter had not
the slightest difficulty In ascertaining that Harvey's game was going on
in room 937. and. taking the freight elevator, near the ladies' grill room,
ht> went op to the first floor. The attendant at the door questioned him
closely, but upon the reporter giving the names of several touts whom hs
knew to be in Harvey's employ, he was conducted through three rooms
to the one in which faro was being played, passing through a room con
taining a roulette lay-out on the way. He bought a stack of chips for $10,
and after winning $40 cashed in and loft the name. He was not permitted
to depart the way he entered, but was conducted through a labyrinth of
rooms to a door opening into a hallway. The exit was so confusing that
the reporter had to stop and take his bearings before he could make his
way downstairs.
Reporting the success of his mission to the editor, it was determined
to send an artist to get a sketch of the place. In company with another
reporter, who had been coached on what to say to the attendants, the art
ist went to the Palace, and the two were soon at the door to No. 937.
The attendant seemed suspicious, asking many questions as to whom they
knew, how th*>y l^arnod of the gamp, and finally took them down to the
Palace bar-room, where one of the barkeepers who knew them vouched for
them and they were conducted back upstairs and into the game. While the
reporter waa separating himself from $20 the artist surreptitiously sketch
ed the scene, after which they took their departure, being shown out
through the mystic maze.
Meanwhile another Call reporter and artist found easy access into the
crap game at 1027% Market street, where one lost his stake at craps while
the other made a sketch of the place and players.
Last night Chief of Police Lees denied positively that any faro had
been played in the Palace Hotel for nearly two years. The Call has ample
proof that faro was played there Tuesday night. If Chief Lees cares to
convince himself that such is the case, let him come to The Call and the
proof will be forthcoming.
that he would certainly have no trouble
in graining admission.
Ordinarily Mr. Gunst, who knows
everything: that is going on in the ten
derloin, would have learned of
these games long before this, and
he might have aroused the old Chief
enough to have him put a stop to them,
or at least to their being run so wide
open, but just now he is too deeply
engrossed in Burns' fight to pay heed
to anything else, even though it be faro
with loud mouthed touts declaiming
that they are under police protection.
Perhaps, though, he will find time af
ter the Legislature decides the Senator
ial contest to look up this game.
Then there are a couple of crap games
on Market street, between Sixth and
Seventh, that need attending to as
well. These games do not attract the
better class of sports, but are patron
ized by young men — barely more
than boys some of them — who play their
dimes, quarters and halves where the
others play fives, tens and twenties.
One of these games Is located on the
top floor of 1027^ Market street, and is
conducted by Eugene Suter. A decid
edly novel plan has been hit upon to
hoodwink the police. Lace curtains are
neatly draped at the front windows,
which usually bear innocent-looking
"Furnished Rooms to Let" signs. Di
rectly behind the curtains are black
shades completely covering the win
DEATH OF E. B. LATHROP.
The Secretary of the Corinthian Yacht Club
Passes Away.
IN the death of Edward B. Lathrop,
who died suddenly at 5 o'clock yes
terday morning at the residence of
his mother, 1713 Green street, the Cor
inthian Yacht Club lost one of its
most energetic and enthusiastic mem
bers, and his mother, Mrs. Henry Fox.
a devoted, only son. Young Lathrop
was taken sick five days ago with a
severe cold, which developed Into in
flammation of thebrain. The best med
ical attendance was given him, but
everything proved of no avail, and
early yesterday morning he breathed
his last, surrounded by his loved ones.
Young Lathrop was a native son,
having been born in San Francisco
twenty-nine years ago. He was edu
cated here and graduated from Dr.
Spaulding's school. For several years
he had been connected with the Spring
Valley Water Company, in which cor
poration he held an important place
of trust. He was devoted to yacht
ing, and had been for some time identi
fied with the Corinthian Club. He was
its secretary' at the time of his dpath.
Mr. Lathrop was a member of St.
John's Episcopal Church, and was a young man of the highest moral charac
ter. The funeral will take place to-morrow afternoon at l-*0 o'clock from
the residence, and the interment, which is private will be °ln the Masonic
Cemetery. ' ""
dows and concealing all that goes on
within.
The other game is located at 1049 A
Market street, room 4, H. Morst being
credited with the proprietorship. This,
too, is a picayunish crap game and is
totally unable to purchase police pro
tection, unless such protection is
cheaper than it has ever been before.
In all proba-bility it is sheer stupidity or
criminal indifference on the part of the
authorities that enables these games to
flourish.
And there are others. But the game
at the Palace is the most open. Last
year Harvey conducted a faro game
there all through the racing season and
for several weeks after the ponies went
East. He would probably not have
closed it down at all had not a promi
nent resident of one of the interior
counties lost a large sum of money one
night last summer and made such a
fuss about it that Harvey was quietly
notified to close up.
Gifts for My Ladie.
The elaborate effects seen this year
in ladies' purses excel all previous, ef
forts in this line. Cooper & Co., the
art stationers on Market street, have
imported for the holidays a large va
riety of fashionable leathers, with
mountings, from the simplest to the
most gorgeous. For presentation noth
ing is more acceptable for Christmas. •
BUTTER M.IDE FROM PEANUTS.
A new factory has just been put into
operation in Kokomo, Ind., for the
manufacture of butter from peanuts.
For a year or more Lane Bros, of that
city have been working on a process
of making butter from the peanut to
compete with the product of the farm
cow. and have succeeded in producing
the desired article. At the present price
of the nnts the butter can be sold at
15 cents per pound. The process of
manufacture is no secret. The nuts,
after the hulls are removed, are care-
fully handpicked and faulty kernels re
moved. They are then roasted in a
large rotary oven. Again they are
gone over by hand for the removal of
scorched grains. The nuts are then
put through a mill and ground as fine
as the finest flour, the natural oil in
the grains giving it the appearance and
consistency of putty as it leaves the
mill, except that it is more of an orange
color. By the addition of filtrated
water, to reduce it to a more pliable
state, the butter is complete, no other
ingredient, not even salt, being used.
It never grows rancid and keeps in
any climate. It is put up in one, two,
five, ten, twenty-five and 100 pound tin
cans and sealed. The new butter is
already in great demand at sanitariums
and health resorts. It is used for all
purposes ordinary butter is used, in
cluding shortening and frying. Physi
cians pronounce it more healthful than
cow butter and it is much less expen
sive. By the addition of more water
a delicious cream is made, and if de
sired it can In the same way be reduced
to the consistency of milk. The new
butter factory Is located but a few
rods from a large dairy barn, and is
running in opposition to It.— St. Louis
Globe-Democrat.
Provided For.
The Old Friend— l don't believe you re
alize the dignity of your position.
The New Millionaire— Don't have to. I've
a butler hired for that.— Cincinnati En
quirer.
GOOD JOINER.
"Does your husband go much into so
ciety, Mrs. Mulcahy?"
"Shure. He b'longa to all ay em."—Chi
cago Tribune.
THE EXAMINER
IMPORTS LEPERS
FROM HAWAII
Shed Crocodile Tears
Over Immigrants.
IT FALSIFIED TO LAND THEM
THEN IT DUMPED THEM UPON
THE SALVATION ARMY.
One of the Children Afflicted With
Leprosy and the Others Sus
pected of Having tha
Dread Disease.
One of the gold bricks issued by the Ex
aminer a year ago has returned to smite
the yellow journal in the neck.
The first chapter of the story was told
at the time by The Call. Then the Ex
aminer shed a few crocodile tears, set its
brass band to playing, and having osten
sibly assumed a charitable burden,
dumped the load upon the shoulders of
the Salvation Army and never gave a
cent for the free advertising that it gave
itself.
On the Ist of September of last year
there arrived on the Hawaiian bark R.
P. Rithet five children named Agnes, 14
years old; Bertha, 13 yearn; Alfred, 7
years; Ottilee, 6 years, and Carle 4 years.
They were of the Hagsten family of Hon
olulu. The father was a worthless drunk
ard, the mother a fallen woman. The
mother had died shortly before that time,
having lived for nine months upon the
earnings of the shame of the 13-year-old
daughter.
United States Immigration Commission
er Stradley called a special board of in
quiry, consisting of John Lynch, E. H.
Hills, Arthur P. Rhodes, E. A. Holmes
and W. A. Sprague, to pass upon the
matter of the admission of the children
to this country. The board re
ported that the five half-orphans
were liable to become a public
charge and recommended that they
be deported to Honolulu. Before this
step was taken Major Winchell of the
Salvation Army put in an appearance
and exhibited letters from persons in
Honolulu to the effect that a sum of
money had been left to the children by
the death of a relative in Norway. The
children had neither relatives nor friends
in the United States.
The Examiner saw a good opportunity
for free advertising in the matter and
freaked the story after it had been scoop
ed on it the day before by The 1 Call.
Tearfully it spoke of the arrival of the
pauper family, and among other silly as
well as false statements, said:
"The United States stood at the gang
plank of the ship and said to
the , five orphans, whose only rel
atives are in this country, 'You
shall not come here; the alien labor law
shuts you out; there is no room here
for live little orphans. If you want to
stay long enough to send word to your
relatives or to have a hearing at Wash
ington you must give 52500 as a bond that
you will not run away.' "
As will be seen the foregoing statement
in the Examiner was a lie from beginning
to end. The children had no relatives in
this country, and they did not claim to
have. The alien labor law did not shut
them out. It was simply the law which
provides that other countries shall not
dump their paupers, lepers and criminals
on our shores. This was the brass in the
Examiner's gold brick. On the next day
two employes of the Examiner signed the
bond for $2500 as a guarantee that the
children would not become a public
charge.
Then the Examiner dumped the chil
dren upon the Salvation Army and lost
sight of them altogether.
It happens that the immigration laws
require that the local Commissioners shall
report once each year as to the condition
of such bonded immigrants, and Commis
sioner North recently investigated the
matter for the purpose of preparing his
report to the National Commissioner at
Washington. He found that the children
had been taken to the Salvation Array
Rescue Home for Girls at Beulah, where
Agnes, the eldest girl, was for months
thereafter under the care of Dr. C. W.
Bronson for treatment for a loathsome
disease contracted in Honolulu. In the
early part of the present year It was dis
covered that the next oldest girl, Bertha,
aged 13, was a leper, and she was almost
immediately shipped back to the Ha
waiian Islands by the Salvation Army
people, and is now a member of the leper
colony on Molokai.
At the Salvation Army Home Captain
Schell of the Immigration Bureau was
told that Alfred and Ottilee had been
placed in charge of Rev. Mr. Daniels, said
to be a member of the Children's Home
Finding Society, who had found homes
for them or had placed them with some
body on trial. There was no record at
the home of the whereabouts of the chil
dren, the record containing simply the
names, ages and the date of arrival. Dan
iels had gone to Colorado and the old em
ployes of the home had left for parts un
known.
From other sources Captain Schell
learned that Alfred was with Mrs. Anna
Kearny at Arroyo Grande, in this State
and that Ottilee was with Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Otto of Woodville, near Visalia,
both places being more than 200 miles
from San Francisco and beyond the sur
veillance of the Commissioner.
Commissioner North has reported the
foregoing facts to the National Commis
sioner of Immigration at Washington and
stated in his report that the children are
liable to become a public charge at any
time within the next ten years. He re
ported also that the children have been
a public charge ever since the day they
landed, for they have been in the care of
the Salvation Army, which is supported
by the charity of the public. He found
that the - child Carle was the only one of
the children now at the home, and that
he is suffering from a disease which the
matron calls eczema, but which may be
leprosy He recommends that Dr. George
L. Fitch, an expert on leprosy, be in
fJ^S \t d <a t .°/ X ? mi i le all th children now
in this State to determine whether thov
are afflicted with the dread disease nnH
that the children be sent back to Hono
lulu in any event. nono-
Christmas Town Talk.
t fefmple, elegant and neat comes Town
Talk's holiday special, with a cover that
Is a work of fine art, a personification of
the thought in -Kipling's recessional-
Lest Me Forget." Gold lettering en
hances the page's beauty, Inside the cov
ers Is found a veritable Christmas box
one of whose features is a story P vi '
Gently taken from life, by a San Francis-o
society woman, who uses the norn ?
plume "Sonia Gray." I? p plnn m d T e
M. \ Hamilton, George Laak-«nli %' J "
editorial on dramatic criticism Q vie we
beautiful half-tone portraits, among thoso
pictures being Miss Helen Hobkinf Jane
bunn. May Stanford. Bowie Detrick
Town TT a >er a NanC<3 O-NeilL Tni3
W cent! remair >s at its usual price-
Bain-Allison Gane.
The Bain-Allison gang of two, charged
with conducting a swindling marriage
bureau in this city, have demurred to the
indictment and argument will be heard
by Judge de Haven this morning. In the
meantime two of the important wit
nesses for the Government have been al
lowed to slip through the hands of tue
police.
Read the first Christmas spent in
Death Valley, hy a woman survivor
of the awful trip, in next Sunday's
CalL
ADVERTISEMENTS. j
Kearny and Post
A suit case good for travelling
$5 to $25
Valises and grips S3 to $24
Pure silk umbrella $3 to $15
Neckties 50c, $1, $1.50 and others
from $2 to $4.50
. Silver buckle suspenders
$1.50, $2, $2.50
Glove and hat orders
For boys: —
Long pants suits 12 to 19 years
$6.50 to $20
Knee pants suits with vest
for 11 to 16 years $6 to $15
Knee pants suits 8 to 15 years
$3 to $12
Reefer suits 4 to 10 years
$3 to $10
Middy suits 3 to 8 years $2 to $12
Reefers 3 to 8 years $3.50 to $10
Boys' Ulsters 8 to 15 years
$5 to $9
Kilt overcoats 3 to 8 years
$3.50 to $8
Boys' fancy sweaters $1 to $3.50
Childrens' fancy blouses $1
Boys' gloves 75c to $1.25
Fancy bows 25c to 50c
Boys' fedora hats 95c to $2.50
Sailor caps 50c to $3.50
Boys' golf caps 25c to $1.50
Keamy and Post
Three days to sell
smoking jackets — too
little time. We mark
these down: —
Fine, silk matelasse", quilted lin-
ing throughout, reduced from $18
Same kind with farmer's satin
lining reduced from $15 to $12.50
Other gift goods are also
marked down, such as bath
robes and morning gowns
Kearny and Post
Silk Underwear
makes a man feel "fine as
silk ; " we sell lots of it
because the price is right
Call to see the prices
Five grades
95C, $1.50, $2.50, $3.50, $4.00
■ H
Kearny and Post
the kind that
will last until
some other
Full dress suit 3
$32.50 to $50
Tuxedo suits
$30 to $45
Mackintoshes
$5 to $35
Overcoats
$5 to $55
Oar stock is especially complete in th«
grades from $10 to $15
Men's suits
$10 to $35
We have all these to
fit both the person and
the purse