VOLUME J^XXXIV.-NO. 58.
McKINLEY'S ANSWER
TO BE AN ULTIMATUM
NO BACKING
AND FILLING
WITH SPAIN
Plain Terms Upon Which
Uncle Sam Will Stop
Figbting-
Meanwhile trje Warfare Will Not
Be Ceased and trje Porto Rjcan
Campaign Proceeds.
NEW YORK. July
27. — The Washington cor
respondent of the Herald
sends the following: In
dependence of Cuba, under
the protection of the United
States; cession to the
United States of the island
of Porto Rico; retention
of the Ladrone Islands; per
manent cession to the
United States of a coaling
station in the Philippines,
. agree
ment which will bind Spain
to a form of government
which will be satisfactory to
the people of the islands in
case she be allowed to re
tain sovereignty.
The rough draft in which President
McKlnley will make a reply to the
Queen Regent of Spain, which Secre
tary Day is formulating to be read at
the Cabinet meeting on Friday, con
tains the above general features as the
extreme limit of the terras which the
administration will concede, and which
Spain must accept before there can be
any further peace negotiations.
I learned to-night that the President
has fully detei n ans
wer to Spain which will n<>t only ±--t
forth ■ rid terms upon which
the T nited States will agree to end the
war at 'his time, but Which will be In
■ :ture an ultimatum.
ThtTo is to be no parleying over the
question of opening p-.ace negotiations.
by h*>r action in !-<-»-king terms
■are through the French Embaa
r, practically ask^d our pri<--. Th"
Pr'si'if m ha? determined to give it.
H< believes Spain la now Blncere in the
■filiation to end the war upon the
terms she win make, and he in
:., be open and frank in present
ing hip t*rms. He will not practice
any subterfuge, so common in dlplo
■■. by aHkingr for more than he ex
perts to get with a view of yielding in
the end. He will fix his lowest terms.
If Spain is willing to accept these the
!«>nt will then be ready and will
ing to enter into negotiation for per
fecting the details.
There will be no cessation of hostili
ties on the part of the United Stut-s
pending Spain's decision in the matter.
The Porto Rican campaign will go
rlsht ahead, and the prneral war pro
me be carried on just the same as
if no proposition for peace had been
TERMS ON WHICH
SPANIARDS WOULD
WELCOME PEACE.
MADRID, July 27.— The news
that the Government Is suing
for peace has caused neither
Burprlse nor sensation here. The
attitude c.f a majority of the
newspapers shows that the coun
try will welcome p^ace if It can
avoid the payment of an indem
nity and the lokb of the Philip
pines, where, It is now taken for
granted, th*> TTnited States -will
ret:iin a coalinp .station only.
Only a fow C&rlists, Republican
and independent papers pretend
that America's demand will not
be acceptable.
The King's illness evoked a
universal display of sympathy
for the court, which, at the pres
ent critical moment, may not be
without effect on the nation's fu
ture. Senor Sagasta, the pre
l : -r. hays the King, when con-
Tiileacent, will probably accom
pany the court to Lagraiija.
The San Francisco Call
1 made. The answer to Fpain. however,
, will be so worded as to require either
Immediate acceptance of our terms or
put an end to the peace negotiations at
1 once. Any delay on the part of Spain
will mean more extreme terms when
! the subject of peace is again taken up.
i Snch is the decision of the President
I as far as the matter stands to-night.
Further discussion of the rough draft
of the answer to Spain prepared by
Secretary Day to-day when the Cabi
net meets on Friday may result In the
redrafting of the note on somewhat
different lines. The main point upon
which the Cabinet is not unanimous is
the Important question of the future
Government of the Philippines. Radl
'••Uly different views are entertained by
different members of the Cabinet.
President McKinley and Secretary
Day, I have reason to believe, are not
bent on permanent control of the
Philippines by the United States. They
take the ground that the acquisition of
the Philippines was not thought of
when the war commenced; that the ob
ject was for an entirely different pur
pose and that the conditions which
now extet in the Philippines 1b simply
one of the exigencies of war.
They realize, however, that Spain is
utterly incapable of maintaining peace
and order in the Philippines and that
gome arrangement must be made in the
interest of humanity and civilization
to guarantee to the population of the
Philippines a peaceful and Ftable
form of government. If the Philip
pines are to be allowed to revert to
the control of Spain there must be
Borne cast-Iron form of agreement
binding Spain to a form of government
which will be satisfactory to the people
of the islands and nations of th*- world.
There are members of the Cabinet,
however, who are violently opposed to
relinquishing the control of the Philip-
■ pines to Spain or any other Govern-
ment. The Cabinet Is a unit, however.
In favor of peace, and when it comes
together on Friday for the purpose of
formulating a note to Spain there is j
itTTle doubt that a conclusion will be
reached which will have the unanimous
pupport of the President and his offi
cial advisers. That phase of the note In
regard to th« Philippines will be 1 of the
utmost Importance, for whether it re
j suits in brlnertng an end to the war or
i not it will be of great significance in
IHE STEAMSHIP COPTIC* CARRYING THE NEWS OF HAWAII'S ANNEXATION ENTERING THE HARBOR OF HONOLULU,
SAIS FItA^TCIHCO, THURSDAY, JULY 28, 1898.
NEARLY THREE THOUSAND
FEVER CASES AT SANTIAGO
Spread of the Epidemic as Shown in an Official
Report to Washington From Major Gen
eral Shafter.
WASHINGTON, July 27. — At 10 o'clock the War Department posted the following:
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July 27, 1898 — Adjutant General of the Army, Washington:
Reports of yesterday show total s ; ck 3770; total fever cases, 2924; new cases of fever, 639;
cases of fever returned to duty, 538.
Death list of yesterday: First Lieutenant J. A. Babcock, Thirty-third Michigan, yellow
fever.
William Francis Poore, Company D, First District of Columbia Volunteers, typhoid
fever.
T. 11. Mahoney, Company D, Twentieth Infantry, typhoid fever.
Corporal Charles E. Wangle, Company E, Twenty-fourth Infantry, yellow fever.
Civilian Teamster E. G. Goba, yellow fever.
Moore Stuart, yellow fever. All at Siboney.
Privates Albert Bergunde, Company G, Sixteenth Infantry, malarial fever, and Charles
Clemens, Company H, Thirty-fourth Michigan, malarial intermitent fever; both with regi
ments.
Deaths not previously reported: Privates Brooley, Company G, First Infantry, dy
sentery, July 17; J. Lame, Company G, Ninth Infantry, dysentery, July 19; G. A. McLethan,
Troop A, Second Cavalry, yellow fever, July 20; W. E. Hamil, Troop A, Second Cavalry,
yellow fever, July 20; Andrew Johnson, Troop F, Second Cavalry, yellow fever, July 20;
Walter Wischman, Troop E, Second Cavalry, yellow fever; Harvey Atkins, Company I, Sec
ond Massachusetts, nostalgia, July 25; colored soldier, name unknown, July 21, at deten
on hospital. SHAFTER, Major General.
I that it will make known to the world
j the policy of the United States in re
j gard to these islands.
. *> " It is generally* 'conceded •by »'' mem-,
I hers of the administration that the
' question of control of the Philippines is
i one serious stumbling block In the way
of early peace. If an agreement can
be reached on this point everything else
' will be comparatively easy. As to
i Cuba and Porto Rico, there is little
! doubt that the United States and Spain
I can come to an early agreement on the
i general proposition that Spain grant
I the independence of Cuba and cede
Porto Rico to the United States.
There will be many troublesome de
tails, of course, after an agreement has
been reached upon the general terms.
The question of who Is to pay tne so
called Cuban debt will be one of the
difficult problems with which the peace
negotiators will have to deal. This is
really a Spanish debt, contracted by
Spain to pay the expenses of subduing
the insurgents in Cuba, and the reve
nues of the island of Cuba were pledged
for its payment. There Is no doubt
that the Spanish Government will en
deavor to have the treaty of peace pro
vide that this debt Is to be assumed by
Cuba if the Island shall become inde
pendent, or by the United States in the
event of annexation. I was told by a
member of the Cabinet to-day that the
United States would not consent to any
such arrangement, but would insist
that the Cuban debt must be assumed
by Spain.
This question may eventually threat
en foreign complications of as much
gravity as the settlement of the Phil
ippine question, for a great part of the
(\iban debt Is held in France and other
Knropean countries which may feel
called upon to protect the investments
of their c!tizer>3.
Spain has already taken a step to
call the attention of the world sharply
to>iii"e fa.et fH-i; .i»-.o fiiia^WWt tti\M d-^tr
as pertaining strictly to Cuba in an
nouncing: recently that the interest on
the bonds representing It would bo
paid In silver pesetas, as the revenues
of the Islands were • not . sufficient to
warrant its payment in gold. The
CAUSES OF THE
REQUEST FOR A
SHORT ARMISTICE.
LONDON, July 28.— A special
dispatch from Madrid says it is
reported that the request of
Duke Almodovar de Rio, Min
ister of Foreign Affairs, was for
an armistice, lasting until Sun
day. It cannot be ascertained
whether his action was spon
taneous, in order, if possible, to
forestall the invasion of Porto
Rico and the fall of Manila, or
whether it was due to the advice
from the Vatican and the
powers.
Spanish contention will doubtless be
that .although the debt was contracted
by Spain, the United States having ab
stracted the collateral by which the in
vestment was secured, must now as
sume the responsibility for its pay
ment. It is clear, however, that even
If the administration should admit
this proposition, which is not at all
probable, the debt I could be '. fastened
upon Spain by ar. assessment of war
It; -2<~:. ..:v. : . ; ie*TS*i I ''^li.iugn tv <S.ver'-*"ri,
and- then' by insisting that Spain find
cash enough to pay this Indemnity or
assume all liability for the debt.
WILL PROTEST AGAINST
ATTACK ON PORTO RICO
LONDON, July 28.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Daily Mail says:
Spain will probably protest against an
attack upon Porto Rico after the
Washington Cabinet has officially re
ceived Spanish overtures for peace.
Should a circular note on this subject
be sent to the powers, it will contain
the exact dates of the Spanish com
munications, making it clear that the
United States deferred its answer in
order to be able U date this after the
Americans had gained a footing in
Porto Rico.
Senor Sagasta said to-day: "We re
solved on peace many days ago and
made known our resolutions to the
United States Government. I regard
as null and void and as destitute of
good faith everything that the Ameri
cans have done since and I am ready
to protest against it formally."
An official dispatch from Porto Rico
Kays: "On Tuesday the Americans ad
vanced in the direction of Yauco, fight
ing most of the way. Seven hundred
regulars and volunteers encountered
them and an engagement ensued which
lasted the whole night and only ceased
with dawn on the following day. The
Americans were obliged to withdraw
to the coast/*
Prlnoe of Wales' Condition Improving
LONDON. July 27.— Tho Prince of
Wales I.s progressing- SO favorably that it
has be^en definitely decided to remove him
to Cowes on Saturday.
PASSING OF
HAWAII AS
A NATION
F|ow News of Annexation
!s Received at the
Islands.
Aroid the Great Rejoicing the Na
tives Are Sad Over the Loss
of Their flncient Heritage.
Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, July 20.— Hawaii
ans as a nation are no more. The flag
1 that the dwellers on the little islands
:of the mid-Pacific grew to love still
i floats over their lands, but it will not
!be for long. "Word has been carried
! to every home of each of the eight isl
| ands of the group, telling of the addi
| tion of Hawaii to the American repub
lic. And there Is weeping and sorrow
in many of the homes of the simple
and hospitable natives, while in other
homes there is joy and rejoicing from.
I dawn to sunset. J \; :
j The -Hawaiians sorrow because of
| the loss of their .ancient -heritage. of
-♦:l-^?r.,.i'rja^ Jh^dn^v**" .v v f<
i lure.' " In':- fiawaiianfc ire a people
proud of their race and they fear that
under American rule they will be look
ed upon as dependents and classed al
most as the negroes of the Southern
States. The educated and ' advanced
Hawaiians fear for social stand-
ing.
The foreign residents and those of
Anglo-Saxon descent rejoice because of
the prospective commercial advance
ment that the new order of things for
the Islands promises.
Others of political aspirations hall
the Stars and Stripes and prospective
official positions at comfortable salar
ies, and an easy living at the public
crib.
The annexation of the islands is the
foreseen end of a long process of polit
ical evolution in the Pacific Ocean.
Annexation brings a certain stability
to the Government which is of. the first
and highest importance. No doubt
there will be local disorders as they
occur in other places. The local pol
icy of the Hawaiian nation now gives
way to the larger and almost imperial
policy of the United States. As yet it
is in the embryo.
Much concern is felt as to the form
of government that will be given the
islands. At present it seems to be the
consensus of opinion that Hawaii
should be ruled much after the colon
j ial policy of England.
The Occidental and Oriental Steam
ship Company's steamer Coptic
brought the news of the adoption of
the Newlands resolution by the Amer
ican Senate, which declared the Ha
waiian Islands a portion of the terri
tory of the United States. The steam
er sailed from San Francisco only a
PRICE FIVE CEXT9.
few hours after the vote was taken on
the resolution in Washington, and be
fore President McKinley had added hig
official signature to the document, so
that the news taken by the vessel was
not such that could be taken official
cognizance of. The news, however,
was such that the people of Hawaii
had been anxiously waiting for — some
hoping, even in the face of almost pos
itive assurance, that the American
Senate would refuse to extend Ameri
can territory beyond the shores of the
continent, and that the Hawaiiana
would be left to govern themselves.
Arrangements had been made with the
o>m:iuuvX';Ui SfffAJTwff th<s-Bte*jfii»iiV .- •-. v •
ing between Aneriran ports gjjc Hono
lulu to signal the news by lights at
night or by flags by day, when coming
Into the Hawaiian port and carrying
the news of annexation.
To the Coptic fell the lot of taking
the news of joy to many and of sorrow
to others. About noon on July 13 the
verdant shores of the island of Oahu
were sighted from the vessel and the
order was passed from the bridge to
prepare the signal flags and the ship's
bunting for dressing the vessel accord
ing- to the arranged signal. Diamond
Head was far in the distance when the
signals went to the mastheads; then
the glasses were turned in the direc
tion of the signal station far up on the
steep side of the volcanic mountain.
Presently there came the flutter of an
answering signal and a few minutes
more all Honolulu knew the news that
for months had been anxiously waited
for, though the steamer that carried it
was far out at sea.
Diamond Head was scarcely abreast
when the United States monitor Mo
nadnock and her consort, the collier
Nero, came steaming out of the harbor
of Honolulu, bound for Manila. They
headed for the incoming steamer and
signaled for news. A boat was low
ered from the monitor and some flies
of papers were given to the officer who
boarded the Coptic. That officer took
back to the fighting ship and the col
lier the news of Schley's victory, as
well as the news of the annexation of
the islands.
There were rounds of cheers from
each of Uncle Sam's vessels when the
Monadnock's boat pulled back and
carried the tidings to their crews.
The big steamer had hardly turned
into the narrow channel through the
coral reef that leads into the harbor of
Honolulu when the launch of the gun
boat Mohican steamed alongside and
asked for the news. It was freely
given, and in a twinkling one of th«
small craft's crew was energetically
CARLISTS IN
FRANCE ON A
WAR FOOTING.
LONDON, July 28.— A dispatch
to the Daily Mail from Biarritz.
France, says: The Basque prov
inces, Navarre and the Moun
tain districts of Aragon and Cat
alonia, the reported strongholds
of Carlism, are now on a war
footing and a military occupa
tion of all that country is nearly
complete. In many places the
troops are camping out hecause
the villages do not afford suffi
cient accommodations. More
troops, including artillery, are
being sent to complete measures
for meeting the Carllst rising if
attempted. The whole Spanish
army is being strengthened by
two companies for each battal
ion. The Government believes
that the Carlists boast of more
strength than they really possess
and that they will attempt noth
ing yet. Still, the situation ia
that the Carlists are making
ready to profit by the first signs
of popular effervescence In an ef
fort to foment revolution. The
Government is now prepared to
check them immediately.2
HAYWOOD GRATIFIED,
MOHAILANI VERY SAD
HONOLULIT, July 20. -"I am naturally gratified that annexation has at
last been accomplished," paid Consul General Haywood when the news of
CONSUL GENERAL HAYWOOD.
learned of the vote, which results
in the annihilation of our beloved country and in the driving to the wall
of all Hawaiians. I can assure you that there is not one Hawaiian who in
his heart favors annexation. What would you think of any man or woman
who with indifference could see the flag of his or her country go down and
their very individuality absorbed by a foreign race which, whatever you
may say, does look down on us as their inferiors and despises our color and
our way of living?
I can tell you, and few men have the opportunity of knowing the
Hawaiians as I do, that many tears were shed when the news by the Coptic
reai hod the homes of those who know no other country than these islands,
which once were justly called the Paradise of the Pacific. \» c cannot be
happy under our new conditions. We will feel like strangers among the
people who wi'l rule us. and with whose ideas, mode of living and political
principles we cannot harmonize.
Our women fed it even. worse than we men do. The teachings of the
New England missionaries, the rum they brought with them, the diseases
following in their train, have enervated the Hawaiian men. We can talk,
don't you forget it. but we cannot fight. If we had yet the fighting qual
ities of our ancestors, the overturn of our monarchy would never have taken
places and during the past years we would have been entitled to interfer
ence in the name of humanity in our struggles against the usurpers.
< »ur WCjmen have shown more energy, more solid patriotism and more
strength than we have. The women of Hawaii to-day stand aa a unit in
their hatred toward America and everything American. And can you
blame them? They see before them a future where their children will be
forced into competition with your pushing, rushing, money-grabbing race.
The dolce far niente of Hawaii must disappear and the struggle for life will
begin in which the strongest will survive, and the gentle, indolent, easy
going Hawaiian will have no show in that battle for life, and who can
blame us for feeling sad over a future which necessarily means destruction
of our race?
I cannot deny that one great reason for our opposition to annexation
]s that we fear that we wih be called "niggers" and treated as you do that
class in your 4 'free" country. We have been assured that such will not be
the caso, but experience tells us differently. Our countrymen who have
traveled in the States have often been subjected to great humiliation and
insult on account of their skin, and we expect that the day will oome
when we will risk similar affronts right in our own streets, and remember
that we have neither the wealth nor the inclination to strike our tents
in other climes. We have no other home than Hawaii, and that home we
have I"St.
And what will our position be in the political and social life of these
islands after your flag floats over the palace of our chiefs?
Senator Morgan of Alabama told a large assembly of Hawaiians, when
he visited here, that he could promise them equal potittcal rights with any
American in any Syate of America. He told us that ea«h of us wouhl have
as good a chance to become President of the United States as has Grover
Cleveland. (I believe him in that.) He said that Hawaii would be a
State, and that by the power of our majority we would control the affairs
of Hawaii and enjoy true self-government. He paid a glowing tribute to
our intelligence ami excellent qualities, and told us how he loved "colored"
people.
We didn't believe a word of what that ex-slave driver from Alabama
said, and there is no man more despised and loathed among the Hawaiians
than Senator Morgan, who now is to frame a government for Hawaii.
The Hawaiians have at present no intention of taking any active inter
est in the government of their country. They feel like the children
Israel did when they sat down in exile and bemoaned their fate. What
has happened cannot be undone, but none of us can see what your great
country has gained by adding to the Union such unwilling and hostile peo
ple. We are not savages, as your Indians of Alaska, or ignorant as
your "greasers." Fur nearly a century we have conducted a fairly good
government and lived in harmony with the white men who benefited from
our hospitality and whose descendants now rob us of our country.
Go and ask any man, woman or child what he thinks to-day of the
"haole" (the foreigner), and you will get an answer in a very emphatic and
plain language.
When < 'hinese and Japanese coolies are stopped from coming here as
contract laborers we will have the satisfaction of laughing at the men who
make their money out of slave labor and who brought on annexation to
gain the benefit of the sugar bounty. But that satisfaction is very plim
when we realize the fact that we will be trodden under foot by the invad
ers, and that when your ll a?, which we admire in its proper place, waves
over Hawaii, to pronounce the fact that we are homeless and that our
country has oeased to exist. MOHAILANI.
"NATURAL GROWTH,"
SAYS PRESIDENT DOLE
HONOLULU. July 20.— "The political progress of the Hawaiian Islands
id their annexation to the United States has been along- the line of natural
growth," said Sanford B. Dole, the
President of the Hawaiian Republic,
when the news of annexation was
brought to him by the Coptic.
"That progress haa been greatly
stimulated through the influence of the
foreign residents, of whom the great
majority are Americans. The first or
ganization of government r>y King
Kamehameha 111 In 1840 was a crude
affair, but it was the first step in the
sequence of events that led up to the
present transfer of the Government of
the islands to Washington. Then came
the constitutions of 1853, 1864 and 1887,
making each time a decided develop
ment of representative principles of
government and a decadence of royal
authority.
"The provisional Government admin
istered affairs under the constitution
of 1887, except as the same was modi
fled by the abrogation of the mon
archy. The constitution of the Repub
lic of Hawaii proclaimed In 1594 con
tained great innovations upon previous
constitutional provisions, and greatly
contributed to the Improvement of the
public administration according to the
conditions of the Hawaiian community.
"The Present status of our civil institutions is the result of steady
rowth and development covering a period of about two generations that
lade rapid progress in the acts that characterize the progress of the world
he evolution of Hawaiian institutions has been politically and commercially
regressive, and it will be to the best interests of Hawaii if under the new
Dnditions and under the new flag, it may be permitted to continue its po
tical and commercial growth according to its own requirements and clr
nmstances."
SANFORD B. DOLE.
rorking the wig-wag flag, telegraph
»g the news over the water to his
hipmatC'S on the warship, over a mile
way. Schley's victory was first told
.y the waving flag and cheer rafter
heer came back over the water from
h* crew of the vessel. Then the story
I annexing the islands was flashed to
tie Mohican and again came answering
hf-ers.
Long before the Coptic got into the
arbor American flags were flying
bove hundreds of private dwellings
annexation reached him. "It is what I
came to these islands to see done, and
I am glad I have not had to go home
disappointed. The United States has
given to the people of these islands
what I consider to be the greatest gift
thpy could receive — American citizen
ship—which carries with it stable gov
ernment and protection from the na
tions of the world. It only remains
with the people here to make the most
of th* gift. This can only be done by
forgetting past animosities and work-
ing harmoniously for the public good.
Americans will then make of these
beautiful islands not merely the Para
dise of the Pacific, but the Paradise of
the world."
HONOLULU, July 20.— T0 the Editor
of The San Francisco Call: You ask
me how we Hawaiians have received
the news which has deprived us of our
country and our nationality. I can
only say that my countrymen are yet
unable to realize the fact that the
great republic which boasts of its
democratic and republican principles
has committed the unholy act which
in history will be known as the "Rape
of Hawaii."
VTe had hoped that the joint resolu
tions would be defeated in the
Senate, and we were stunned when we
and stores in the city. Every steam
whistle in Honolulu broke into noisy
acclaim and the Hawaiian battery
hauled out its cannon and fired a sa
lute of one hundred guns on the
grounds of the executive building in
honor of the starry flag and to initiate
the new order of government in the
islands.
The steamer landing was crowded
with wildly enthusiastic people, and in
their midst was the Hawaiian band
mingling the Hawaiian and the Amer
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAXL, THURSDAY, JTTLY 28, 1898.
MINISTER SEWALL'S
IDEAS ON ANNEXATION
HONOLULU, July 20.— "The annexation of Hawaii," said American Min
ister Sewall in discussing the action of the Senate in adopting the Newlands
resolution, "is, in the words of Presi-
dent McKlnley, 'a consummation ajid
not a change.' The whole policy of the
United States toward these islands
pointed plainly to the time when what
has been called the mere suzerainty of
the United States over Hawaii should
assume the shape of actual and per
manent sovereignty and the incorpora
tion of the islands as a part of the na
tional territory. There has been a
growing feeling In the United States
that the benefits given Hawaii under
the reciprocity treaty were not com
pensated for by any return the Islands
could make short of the cession of the
territory itself.
"Like all true unions, the union of
Hawaii with the United States is of
reciprocal benefit, and I do not think
it possible for any man to state on
which side there will be the greater
benefit. What the acquisition of
the sovereignty of these islands
itself, the right to use the ter
ritory and the harbors for naval and
military operations, means to the
United States, the future will demon
strate, and it may be believed that that
demonstration will accord with the
opinion of every authority on naval
and military matters who has studied
the question and who has not hesitated to state positively that It Is an
advantage absolutely necessary for the protection of our coast should we
seek that maritime supremacy in the northern waters of this ocean which now
seems assured.
"We are having almost weekly here the demonstration of the advan
tage of the facilities offered by these Islands, not only for coaling our
ships, but for resting our men and recuperating the sick on their way to
Manila. We shall have here, taking the commercial view, an American
trade to which no limits can be set. Many articles of merchandise im
ported in great quantities here were not provided for under the reciproc
ity treaty, and in these foreign countries have had an advantage which
they will relinquish with regret. The British and German merchants here
who have been engaged in this importation will realize this. With the
increased market for our goods there comes also an increased demand for
American ships for use in the trade to the west coast and around the
Horn, and trade also that has not been confined to them. Lands will be
opened up for settlement and cultivation by our people, and this has been
one of the most cherished hopes of the present Government. American cap
ital, always preferring investment in American territory, will now find
abundant field here in the development of these undeveloped groups of is
lands where profits in every line of trade and business have been very
great, justified by those who have made them by the contention that these
profits have only been commensurate with risks that have been taken in
Investing money under the uncertain political conditions that have here
tofore prevailed here.
"Many merchants and traders here have shown a high degree of pa
triotism in welcoming a change which Invites increased competition, and
with that competition inevitably diminished profits. This competition is in
vited in every field of trade and merchant enterprise in the Islands and
will be of undoubted benefit to the great masses of the population for the
expenses of living and of transportation have been notoriously high. In
this diminution of profits of the merchant, and especially of the retailer, will
be found one of the great benefits that Hawaii itself will receive, when the
greatest good of the greatest number is considered. What Hawaii will re
ceive in the way of security from threats and interference from other na
tions, as well as from disturbance of its interior peace, is apparent, and
constituted one of the chief reasons for the efforts to secure annexation
here. More directly, and to the advantage both of Hawaii and the United
States, it must not be overlooked that the annexation of Hawaii has forced
the early completion of the canal at Nicaragua, and the construction of
this canal will be of mutual and Inestimable benefit.
"The commission to frame the laws for Hawaii, to be appointed by the
President, will have a most Important duty and will be given, I Judge, dis
cretion and latitude commensurate with the importance of its duty, especial
ly as Congress will pass upon this work. It will have to cover the entire
field of the needs of these Islands, the industrial and political conditions of
which find no parallel in any territory r whicb has been annexed to tha
United States since 'the original union. It will be the wish of all people
interested in these islands to have their views represented before the com
mission, and it will be a privilege that I should think will be properly
granted. President Dole, who has devoted much time to the study of the
land tenures here, would place, I think, the land laws at the very front of
the matters to be considered by the commission.
"As to the form of local government, I do not believe anybody here
has a definite opinion or preference as yet. It has been announced by
different members of the Government that the present Government ■will
probably be continued without much change upon the conclusion of the
commission's report, and this seems probable, of course assuming that it
be under the direction of the President of the United States, as is pro
vided in the resolutions themselves. As to the contract labor question, there
is some anxiety I understand among the planters lest the attention the
commission may give to this question may result in a diminished supply
of labor. Chinese, of course, will not be admitted, and it will be a serious
question as to what laws and regulations will have to be framed regarding
the Japanese. But I am happy to say that the planters, as a whole,
are confident that there will be no insurmountable difficulty •In securing
sufficient labor, though it Is recognized that the cost of labor will be In
creased, and it is cheerfully acknowledged that this cost can be fairly
borne by the plantations.
"With all the changes that will come I believe the future of the -native
Hawaiian is assured. The continued invasion of Asiatics here cannot be
for their benefit. They have displaced the Hawaiian not only from his
lands, but very largely from the few fields of enterprise in which the Ha
waiian could and wouid engage; while the Hawalians, muoh
more than we have found our people in cities where Chinese
have congregated, are susceptible to the influences of close association and
the vices which come in its train.
"Whether under our constitution it will be possible to safegard the Ha
waiian in any way against the ills which intercourse with the outside
world has brought upon him, or not, Ido not know. He deserves peculiar
and warm consideration. I have known the Polyneslon race since 1887,
when I first went to Samoa, and as all people who know them, I cherish
a warm regard for them and believe that our race may well emulate many
of their hospitable virtues. It has been this very hospitality and prodi
gality with which they welcome the stranger to their land that has
brought upon them most of the ills from which they suffer; and if aught
can be done to relieve any of them who are in misfortune, or to give them
political privileges which they can use consistently with the general wel
fare this should be done.
"I have no fear that the social condition of the Hawaiian will suffer
detriment. His position is too well established traditionally and actually
to fear this, and I think there is a general feeling of high regard and sym
pathy felt for the Hawaiian, not the least in the Government which sup
plants the monarchy, and among Its supporters.
"In the light of history the Hawalians realize that they have lost no
native government, for no native government in the true sense of the
word has ever existed here; and it is impossible to believe that such a
government as commends itself to the President and Congress of the
United States will not deal as justly and fairly with them as the different
monarchs under whom they have lived, directed as they have always been
by white advisers.
"I have not had an opportunity to learn just how the Hawaiians have
received the news. They have made no demonstration In any part of the
group that I can learn, either of approval or disapproval. I believe that
those who have been opposed to annexation will very shortly become re
conciled. I think that such a feeling on their part has increased with
each expedition that has passed through here to the Philippines, as they
have been brought into actual contact with representative American citi
zens. They surely have had long notice of the impending change, and all
of the intelligent ones have long since recognized it as inevitable.
"I recall now with peculiar force that Liliuokalani said to me shortly
after the revolution which deprived her of her throne, that they had so
recognized this change as inevitable, but had hoped that it would not
come in her time or in the time of her niece, Kaiulanl.
"But events have moved faster than we could anticipate then, and with
a feeling of the utmost friendliness toward the Hawaiians the change is al
ready here, and I feel confident they will be made to understand by actual
realization of the benefits offered that it Is for their lasting advantage."
ican national airs.
Most conspicuous In the crowd that
gathered on the wharf to welcome the
Coptic was President Dole. He had in
terpreted the signals flown from the
tigging of the steamer from his resi
dence at Diamond Head as the vessel
rounded the point, and he came gallop
ing down to the wharf on his horse.
Along with him on the dock were
United States Minister Sewall, United
States Consul Haywood. Judge A. S.
Hartwell, Dr. John S. McGrew, who for
more than thirty years advocated and
fought for the union of America and
Hawaii, and who is styled the father
>f annexation; J. B. Castle, W. R. Cas
tle, J. B. Atherton, Colonel J. H. Fisher,
Colonel Soper, George W. Smith, the
MINISTER H. M. SEWALL.
president of the Annexation Club; J.
A. Kennedy and a number of the of
ficers of the National Guard of Ha
waii. After a short and informal re
ceptlon to the passengers the band
headed a procession to the executive
building and there a number of the
leaders of the annexation movement
were called on for addresses. Dr. Mc-
Grew was particularly the hero of the
occasion and all he could say was that
it was the happiest moment of his
life.
During the evening the streets were
filled with sizzling and bursting fire
crackers, and some enthusiastic young
men started a huge bonfire on the crest
of the punch bowl.
Naturally with the change of gov
VIEWS OF G. W. SMITH
AND J. F. TESTA
HONOLULU, July 20.— T0 the Editor of The San Francisco Call: Annex
ation, for which the people of Hawaii have so earnestly worked, will not
in every respect meet the expectations
of its most earnest advocates, nor will
it, on the other hand, bring the dire
misfortunes predicted by its oppo
nents. It will, in the first place, pre
vent the swamping of the country by
Asiatic labor, thereby preserving the
land to its own people and to those
that come after them. There is room
here for a large population. The re
sources of the Islands are by no means
all developed. While the cultivation
of sugar can only be successfully con
ducted by the aggregation of capital,
there is a fine opportunity for the
American or European farmer of small
means. To-day Hawaii imports most
of the necessary foodstuffs consumed.
Experiment has demonstrated that
with a rich soil, variety of temperature
and salubrious climate all kinds of
vegetables, fruits, feed and grain can
be successfully and profitably grown,
and a market is always at hand. With
an increase of a small farmer class will
come an increase for the merchant, the
transportation company and the capi
talist. Politically, we shall have peace
and stability as compared with the un
certainty and anxiety of the past fif
teen years. To the United States we
GEORGE W. SMITH.
can say that the step taken will not
be one for regTet. A people more truly loyal to the American flae: do not,
cannot exist. GEORGE W. SMITH.
HONOLULU, July 20.— T0 the Editor of The San Francisco Call: For
over five years the Hawaiian people placed, through their Queen, the
most implicit faith in the honesty and integrity of the American people to
restore to them what had been ruthlessly taken away from them, which
President Cleveland sought to do, but was frustrated. During this tim*
they have come to learn that what the Psalmist said— "Put not your trust
in princes"— was true. The Hawaiians, as a nation, have always looked
upon the United States as a friend. Its citizens visiting these shores have
always been unstintedly and most lavishly and hospitably entertained.
Now that the United States has finally taken the country over, it only
awaits the consummation of the act to complete the theft perpetrated on
a confiding, weak and helpless people.
Since the cry of "Annexation to the United States" was
inaugurated by those who overthrew the monarchy, the Hawaiian people
nearly as a whole have stood on the side of opposition to it, for those who
raised the hue and cry were mostly aliens intermingled with the descendants
of the American jnfssionaries, who In reality were the main movers in the
scheme, for the Hawaiians felt that under annexation they would not re
ceive the same treatment they had been accustomed to. It is admit
ted that the Hawaiians first received the privilege or the right of franchise
from the foreigners, and after enjoying it for a period of fifty years are
finally shorn of such a privilege by an objectionable and perfidious oath,
every feature of which was to burden them with the idea of infidelity and
of perjury. The reason of this is very plain, for the Hawaiians, from time
immemorial, have been taught to revere and hold an oath as being sacred,
•which the foreigners have finally geen fit to disregard and to treat it
lightly.
With the advent of the consummation of annexation the lot of the Ha
waiian will be "a hard one to hoe." It will benefit the boomers materially,
but not the aborigines of the country. Time only can substantiate this as
sertion.
Sorrow was plainly depicted on the face of nearly every Hawaiian pres
ent on the Pacific Mail docks the day the news arrived, and that night it was
felt in nearly every Hawaiian home of those who earnestly loved their coun
• try, for it was "an abomination unto the Lord," and at the same time very
contemptible and despicable. The enthusiasm of those to whom the news
was most welcome was a mock enthusiasm. It was nothing compared to the
real sorrow among the Hawaiians, for they have gained nothing, but lost all;
that is, their individuality and their nationality, which is more than one can
bear. If the United States will be magnanimous with them and give them
the right of self-government, -which they have always enjoyed since the
coming of the foreigner, then the lot of the native will be as of yore, but
with the loss of their individuality. As the United States has gone to war
with Spain to give a lot of Cuban negroes independence and self-govern
ment, why not do the same to the Hawaiians instead of annexing them
against their wish?
They have always been a free and Independent people and amenable to
their chiefs and the laws placed over them, and now to be placed in subjec
tion without just cause except avarice and greed of territory is a matter
hard to comprehend. They (the Hawaiians) have striven to oppose annexa
tion and are very much in evidence and on record as opposing the nefarious
plans of certain unprincipled schemers to subjugate them. As regards
their future, none can at this time foretell -what is to be their lot.
The Hawaiian people, nearly as a unit, feel that with annexation
they will be worse off and be downtrodden as are the Irish people. In
consistency is now a new jewel to the American people, and the consumma
tion of annexation is the worst blot of dishonor on the American es
cutcheon, after they themselves had rebelled against constituted authority
for freedom and are now waging war for freedom as against "taxation with
out representation." Freedom hereafter will be a misnomer and will be mis
applied as far as the Hawaiians are concerned in connection with American
action and treatment. F. J. TESTA.
ernment Hawaii is in a political tur- .
moil. People are asking their neigh- I
bors who is to be the first Governor
under the new order of things. Pres- |
ldent Dole was spoken of quite freely j
as the man who was foremost in the >
race for the appointment. He has,
however, many opponents, not only
among annexationists, but the native
Hawaiians stand almost as a unit
against his appointment. It was be
lieved, however, up to the time of the
arrival of the Alameda that Dole had
been selected by McKinley for the place
and societies were being Quietly formed |
to bring organized opposition against i
his appointment. Sewall and Hatch j
were spoken of as being more popular ;
men and men more in touch with the
people. Sewall was chosen as the fa
vorite by several of the political clubs
and particularly by the American Un
ion party, and the next steamer from
the islands will carry many strong
recommendations to President McKin
ley from the residents of Hawaii to
name Sewall as the first Governor of j
America's new territory.
Then the Alameda brought news of
the appointment of Dole as a member
of the commission, and in the minds of I
many it was considered as understood ,
in Washington that Sewall would re- ■
celve the appointment of Governor.
On aJI sides none but warmest ex
pressions of kindness and sympathy
are heard for Princess Kaiulani, who
would have succeeded Queen Laliuoka
lani to the throne. It was the fondest
hope of the native Hawaiians to have
the gentle Princess as their ruler. She
was educated at the best colleges in
Europe, and given a deep insight into
the mysteries of constitutional govern
ment to fit her for the position destiny
seemed to will her to occupy. Few
young people had better prospects
than the Princess and heir apparent to
the throne to rule one of the most hos
pitable and loving nations on the earth,
ajid she lost it aJI through no fault of
her own. The Republican Government
of Hawaii felt the position in which
the Princess had been placed by the
overthrow of the monarchy and they
granted her an allowance from the
public fund to enable her to maintain
her station in life. It was a small
amount and many of the supporters of
the Government felt that it was far
too small. One of the hopes now en
tertained by the native Hawaiians is
that the American Government will
continue the allowance and possibly
increase it.
"I am sorry the American nation has
taken these islands as a part of its
territory," said the Princess. "I had
hoped it would never occur. I do not
know what will become of the Ha
waiian people. I fear it will mean their
extinction and social degradation. Now
that we are annexed we must make
the best of it, and I only hope the
American people will give these islands
such government ns will foster and
advance the Hawaiian race."
The business men of Honolulu began
to talk freely of a cable between the
Hawaiian Islands and the American
coast when the first enthusiasm of the
news of annexation brought by the
Coptic subsided. Such a cable has
been projected many times, but the
plans always came to naught for the
want of sufficient government support,
and the merchants were almost in de
spair of ever getting in closer commun
ication with the American coast than
by steamer and sailing vessel. Then
the Coptic arrived with the news that
brought cheer into the hearts of the
annexationists and wue to the Hawai
ians, who love their deposed Queen and
the gentle Princess whom they hoped
at some time to hail as their ruler. The
word cable was coupled with that of
annexation by the business men, and
many merchants freely mingled the
two subjects in their conversation and
cheered for the cable as well as the
new flag, that in a few days will float
over their lands, in their jubilation.
Their mixed celebration was not
without some foundation. About the
time the Coptic arrived in the harbor
the news spread among the business
men that an agreement had been
signed with the Hawaiian Government
that would assure the operation of tel
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
a a
I I^*l WIKII lIP I *
B y^a. 1 1(1/ II Si P »
* J§»L S *
« 'W^P^^S^^^M;! 1 ! 1 ill i Get out of that dreamy, list- ®
» W&i^SSfSH 1 ' I less, lazy condition. Where is ~
j5 ====^=^^p^M^^M^^f ' your energy, your ambition, «
« ' 'I'lllll'lilllll our manhood? You cannot «
« I 1 I 'W^Sli piiiPfP^ ness stifle ambition and mar »
g W^WE^W^^^MW'^%,. your future. If you are not the £
$ 'I 'ill) W*''Jir&^W\ man yOU snoUld be at yOUr ***
a .fa, 1I (N( N - — iLn^ age; if you have wasted your a
g - Hr^» strength; if you feel the need a
8 of a remedy that will bring back the vigor of youth, that will restore a
$ your energy and your manhood, do not hesitate. Get that grandest of a
$ all remedies, * a
h. DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT. |
~ It is nature's own remedy, and cures all weakness in men. There «
« must be something in a system of treatment that can show such cures >-,
8 as this: :' • • £
g WEAKNESS CURED IN TWO MONTHS. «
« _,„ o CHICO (Cal.), June 4. 1898. »
** „ "K. BAN DEN— Sir: Over two months ago I purchased one of your Electric w
« iv. have worn It regularly since then, and It has cured mo of vital weakness of "
tnree years standing, it has made me as well and strong as a person need be. Before «
w purchasing the Belt I was not able to do much work. Now I can do as much as any
& other man You are at liberty to use this testimony as you desire. Will answer all &
. £ letters inclosing postage. Yours respectfully, JAMES WRIGHT. q
a ARE YOU THE MAN YOU SHOULD BE? &
" Study yourself. Weakness In the vital organs is unnatural In all men. It is due to ■
3 improper care of the functions endowed by nature with perfect vigor, and since nature ' 8
gave this strength, if it has been wasted, she must be called upon to renew it Natural' >•<
£ remedies must be used. Nothing bears a closer relation to the elements of vital and «
rt nerve force than electricity. It la natural. It is nature embodied In a portable con- «
« yenlent and effective appliance when Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is used. It is as Kood °
£ for women as for men. Call and test this wonderful Belt. If not convenient to call tt
« send for Dr. Sanden's famous book. "Three Classes of M.n." It Is free Attend to It
& to-day. Do not put it off. Call or address, Attend to it
« DR. A. T. SANDEN, *nm¥«ii^r H1 »■
« : ™M. , 18 , 1 ..,,c. ,E.. Slcrr .,, t tin,. n , WOT IN DRUB STORES. a
« Office hours. Ba.m.to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10 , D »". Sanden's Electric Belt a
«■ to - 1. r Branches -at : Los Angeles. Cal.. 204H la never sold In drug stores ' w
~ South Broadway; Portland, Or., 253 Washing- nor by traveling agents; only M
« ton street Denver. Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; . at our office. &
Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street. . , *-— — - — — — ; : *; W
»» » | aaaa a a a nia aaaaaaaaaaaa a a a a a a a a a a & a
egraphic communication with the
American coast within a few months,
While the -American Senate was dis
cussing the Newlands resolution Pres
ident Dole and his Cabinet were affix
ing their signature to an agreement
with the Pacific Cable Company, ot
which J. Pierpont Morgan is at the
head, providing for the construction of
a cable that would bring the little is
lands far out in the Pacific close to the
American capital.
It was stipulated In that agreement
that the cable should be constructed
and in operation between Hawaii and
the American coast within two years
and a year later the cable must be ex
tended and in operation to the coast of
Japan. The island of Oahu. on which
Honolulu is situated, was designated
as the main landing place of the cable.
The Hawaiian Government agreed,
in consideration Of the Pacific Cable
Company constructing- and operating
the cable, to grant the cable company
the exclusive right and privilege of
landing and operating cables in the
Hawaiian Islands for the period of
twenty years. The Government re
serves* the right to take possession of
the cable lines in case of war, rebellion
or any other such emergency and at
such times to exercise supervision over
all matter transmitted over the wires.
It is agreed that the rate for trans
mitting messages between the Hawaii
an Islands and the Pacific Coast shall
not exceed thirty-five cents a word and
for official dispatches and press matter
the rate shall not exceed one-fourth
the amount charged for ordinary pri
vate messages. The rate between Ha
waii and Japan shall not exceed ninety
cents a word and all official messages
between Hawaii and Japan shall be
transmitted free during the time the
cable company shall have the exclu
sive right to maintain its lines in the
islands. : -;.
The agreement is signed by Attor
ney Alfred S. Hartwell, who represents
the cable company, and he says it is
the desire of his company to complete
the cable as quickly as possible. A
heavy bond is to be given to guarantee
the faithful performance of the con
tract, and the work of construction
will commence as soon as the officers
of the company in New York receive
the copy of the agreement that has
been made with the Hawaiian Gov
ernment.
The cable will be laid on the route of
the survey recently made by the Amer
ican Government and that will bring
the landing place of the wires at some
point in Monterey Bay.
Elaborate preparations are being
made for the formal hoisting of the
American flag over the executive build
ing of the Hawaiian Republic, and the
transfer of the islands to the Govern
ment of the United States. The An
nexation Club has taken the initiative
and a committee from it has had sev
eral conferences with President Dole
and his Cabinet. The programme as
it is now arranged will be subject to
change according to the ideas of Ad
miral Miller, who will represent the
American Government and take for
mal possession of the islands: The \
pomp and ceremony as arranged will
make a magnificent spectacle. There
will be a parade of Hawaiian civil and
militia bodies and American sailors
and marines, as well as troops, should
there be any transports in the harbor.
The procession will reach the executive
building at noon and then the formal
transfer vill be made. The Hawaiian
flag w-ill be saluted by twenty-one
guns. Then- it will be hauled down to
the air of the Hawaiian national an
them. The American flag will be then
run up to the: air of the American na
tional anthem and it will also receive
a salute of twenty-one guns. Speech
making will follow and in the evening
there will be a ball in the executive
building. ;-.v '-'."- ''•* '"■-'.:■
Some of the more conservative people
of Honolulu believe that there will be
little ceremony at the formal transfer
of the islands, Admiral "Miller «*s^?,£«U r 
known in Hawaii and. he has always
been an admirer of the Hawaiians. It
is thought that he will, in deference to
the feeling of the Hawaiian people, in
sist that the ceremony be as simple and
as brief as possible.-
The flag that was hauled down from
the staff -of the executive building by
Commissioner Blount will be the one
that Admiral Miller will raise over the
islands. .
NAME FOR THE NAVAL
FIGHT OFF SANTIAGO
Styled by an Official of the Naviga
tion Bureau the "Battle of
July 3."
WASHINGTON, July 27.— The absence
of a name for the remarkable naval
battle between the American and Spanish
fleets that resulted in the destruction of
that of Cervera's. has been felt in the
clumsy attempts made in official reports
to refer to the engagement. Lieutenant
AVhittlesev of the navigation bureau has
evolved a name that is likely to be for
mally accepted for the engagement. It is
the "Battle of July 3."
He does this for the reason that some
of the most famous battles that the world
has known have been christened as of the
date upon which they were fought. Thus,
the "Battle of July 1" was attached to
the famous naval engagement fought in
mid-ocean between Lord Howe's fleet on
one side and the combined French and
Spanish fleets on the other, which result
ed in a memorable victory for the British
navy.SAMPSON HAD
TAKEN EVERY
PRECAUTION
Obedience to Orders Made
the Escape of Cervera
Impossible.
Captains of the New York, Indi
ana, Texas and Gloucester
Tell of the Big Battle.
WASHINGTON, July 27.— Among- the
papers included in Admiral Sampson's
report was the order of battle to be
followed in the event of an engage
ment and various regulations to be ob
served in maintaining the blockade, as
follows:
U. S. FLAGSHIP NEW YORK,
First Rate.
Off Santiago de Cuba, June 2.
The fleet off Santiago de Cuba will b©
organized during the operations against
that port and the Spanish squadron aa
follows:
Fir?t squadron, under the personal com
mand of the eomraander-in-chief — New
York. lowa, Oregon, New Orleans, May
flower, Porter.
Second squadron, under command of
Commodore S hlej -Brooklyn, V ••nn.chu
setts, T.'xas. irblehead, Vlx< i
Vessels subsequently joining will be as
signed by the commander-in-chief.
The vessels ■will blockade Santiago de
Cuba closely, ping about six miles
from the Morro in the day time and clos
ing- in at night, the lighter vessels well m
shore. The first squadron will blockade
on the east side of the port, and the sec
ond squadron on the west side. If the en
emy tries to escape the ships must close
and engage as soon a? possible and en-
P-avorP -avor to sink the vessels or force them to
:i ashore In the channel. It Is not con- i
!ered that the shore batteries are of
sufficient power to do any material Injury
to battleships.
In smooth weather the vessels will coal
on station. If withdrawn to coal else
where. or for other duty, the blockading
vessels on either side will cover the angle
thus left vacant.
Memorandum No. 13— After careful con
sideration of the various schemes of
maintaining an effective blockade of San
tiago de Cuba at night which have been
advanced. I hav-e decided upon the fol
lowing, which will be maintained until
further orders:
The weather permitting:, three picket
launches, detailed from the ships of the
pquadron each evening, will occupy posi
tions one mile from the Morro, one to the
eastward, one to the westward and one
at the harbor entrance. On a circle drawn
T 1i5. 1 ?-* t rfftjf.~» of ■ two miles from the
■jU.jirt, will be stationed three vessels, the
Vixen to the westward, from one-half •
mile to one mile from the shore; the Su
wanee south of the Morro and the Dol
phin tc the eastward, between one-half >
mile and one mile from the shore. The !
remaining vessels will retain the positions*
already occupied; but they will take es
pecial care to keep within a four-mile cir-
All vessels may turn their engines
Whenever desirable to keep them In readi
ness for immediate use. and while so do-
Ing may turn in a small circle, but with
out losing proper bearing or distance
The signal for the enemy will be two
red lights flrfd in succession. If the
enemy is a torpedo boat, these two red
lights will be followed by a green light
I would call attention to the absolute
necessity of a close blockade of this port
especially at night and in bad weather'
In the daytime. If ckar. the distance
Bhal not be greater than six miles. At
night, or in thick weather, not more than
four mile*. The end to be attained Justi
fies the risk of torpedo attack, and that
risk must be taken.
The escape of the Spanish vessels at
this Juncture would be a serious blow
to our prestige and a speedy end to the
war.
Attention is called to the provisional
signals established by general order No 9
Memorandum No. 14— During the dark
hours of the night searchlights will be
used as follows:
The lowa, Oregon and Massachusetts
will take turns of two hours each— from
dark to 8 p. m. and from 8 p. m. to 10
p. m.. etc.— ln keeping one searchlight di
rectly on the harbor entrance, maintain
ing carefully during that time their block
ading positions. Should a vessel's light
fall, the next in order will at once take up
the duty.
The picket launch and vidette sta
tioned south of the Morro will move to
one side or the other sufficiently to get
dear of the beam of light.
The vessels on each flank— the Brooklyn
and the Texas on the western side, the
New York and the New Orleans on the
eastern Bide— take two hours in turn
in using one searchlight from time to
time on the coast line, swinging It to
ward the Morro, but avoiding the Illumi
nation of the flanking videttes on the in
side line. The light should never be
turned off more than five minutes at a
time. From time to time the horizon will
be swept.
Attention is called to bad and careless
handling of searchlights. Last night
some of the lights were kept high in the
air and again wore swept rapidly from
Bide to side. Under such circumstances
a searchlight is worse than useless The
beams must be directed to the horizon
and must be moved very steadily and
slowly. Not less than three minutes
should be employed in sweeping through
an area of 90 degrees. The best way to
discover a torpedo boat la by its smoke
and even then this will not be seen unl
ess the light is very well handled.
Memorandum No. 17-The Commanding
Officer-Sir: When on the blockade ves
sels will, unless for some special tem
porary reason for the contrary, habitual
ly head toward the lead instead of away
from it. I
Memorandum No. 1&-Slr: While block- '
ading the Spanish fleet In Santiago de
Cuba vessels will hereafter maintain a"
blockading distance of four miles during
the day time. This distance will not be
exceeded except by permission or under
special circumstances.
Memorandum No. 20— Sir: The com- i
mander-in-chief desires again to call the
attention of commanding officers to the
positions occupied by the blockading I
fleet, especially during the day time and
It is now directed that all ships 'keep
within a distance of four miles of the
entrance of Santiago, and this distance
must not be exceeded.
If the vessel Is coaling or is otherwise
restricted in her movements, she must,
nevertheless, keep within this distance.'
'If at any time the flagship makes a
blgnal which Is not , visible to any ves
sel, each vessel must at once approach
thq flagship or ref e&tlnjc vessel to a
point where she can read the signal.
disregard of the directions which have
already been given on this head has led
to endless confusion. Many times during
the day the fleet is so scatter.'. l that it
would be p.?rfectly possible for the enemy
to come out of the harbor and meet with
very little opposition.
The commander-in-chief hopes that
strict attention will be given this order.
OBSERVATIONS ON THE
FLAGSHIP NEW YORK
WASHINGTON, July 27.-The fol
lowing reports of Captain Chadwlck of
the New York, Captain Taylor of the
Indiana, Captain Philip of the Texas
and Lieutenant Wainwright of the
Gloucester on the destruction of Cer
vera's fleet, which are included in Ad
miral Sampson's report, were made
public to-day:
U. S. FLAGSHIP NEW YORK. First
rate, Playa del Este, July 4. 1898.— Sir: I
have the honor to make the following
report of the part taken by this ship In
the action of yesterday, during and fol
lowing the sortie of Admiral Cervera's
squadron.
The ship had started at 8:50 for the
army landing at Siboney, the Command
er-in-chief having an appointment with
the general commanding- the army. A
few minutes after the crew had been
called to quarters for Sunday inspection,
firing was heard and a ship was seen
leaving the harbor entrance. The helm
was at once put over, the crew called to
general quarters, signal "close in toward
the harbor entrance and attack vessels"
made; orders given to spread all fires, and
the ship hastened back for the enemy,
whose ships were seen successively com
ing out at a high speed. The flagship
Infanta Maria Teresa was first, then
another armored cruiser of the same class
(which turned out to be the Vizcaya).
followed by the Cristobal Colon, an ar
mored cruiser (Oquendo) and the torpedo
boat destroyers Furor and Pluton.
The nearer ships had Immediately en
gaged, and by the time we were off the
entrance the flagship was afire and soon
ashore. The Indiana, and Gloucester were
actively engaged with the torpedo boats.
This ship fired some four-inch shells at the
one nearer the port, toward which she
was already headed, seemingly attempt-
Ing to return, but she was already prac
tically out of the fight, while the boiler
of the more advanced one had blown up,
showing a vast column of condensed
steam. During this time the batteries,
whose line of fire wo had crossed close
to. repeatedly fired on us. but without
effect. No return was made to this fire
A shell from the west battery fell within
200 yards of the ships when we were over
four miles to the westward and we had
thought ourselves entirely out of range.
This ship stood on, leaving the Glouces
ter, which had shown herself so capable,
to look after the survivors in the torpedo
boats. By this time a second cruiser was
ashore and burning (the Almiranto
Oquendo) while the third, the Vizcaya,
and the Cristobal Colon were still steam
in? rapidly westward. The Indiana was
now signaled (11:26 a. m.) to return to her
blockading position, to look after any
thing which might be there. Shortly af
terward the Viscaya turned shoreward,
and smoke began to issue from her after
part, and by the time she was ashore on
the reef she was ablaze. The lowa gave
much assistance in the rescue of the Viz
caya's people.
This ship stood on in chase of the Cris
tobal Colon, with ahead of us the Brook
lyn. Oregon, Texas and Vixen, the Oregon
b<Mng the much nearer in shore of the
two headmost ships, but not in gunshot.
v c were rapidly increasing our speed.
It was evident, however, that the Colon
would give us a lengthy chase, and at
noon the crew left quarters and went to
dinner.
About 12:50 o'clock the Oregon opened
nre. and some of her shells were observed
to strike beyond the Colon. This made
her capture a foregone conclusion, and
shortly after 1 o'clock she turned in to
jard v shore and soon struck her colors.
one had been beached at a small inlet
Known as Rio Torquino. By the time we
a , rrlv a boat was alongside her from
the Brooklyn, and Captain Cook, the
boarding officer, came alongside this ship
and reported. This ship then sent a boat
to take possession, the commanding offi
cer going in the boat. I was received by
aL \- ° mm , Ore of the squadron, Captain
fl« no Ol VoliV ol i Emil »o Mores and Captain I
de p»V ? ot *& flrat class - and Don Jose !
tie Paredos y Chacon. The latter had been I
iiiVt v governor of Santiago, and had only
I™, ie ? attach <"3 to the squadron. I ar- !
nm£r- Or i ? transfer of the crew and
an th* a d , lvlsiol i to. each ship present.
Whiip o v P ngl J c t r force to be left aboard.
X 1X 1 ] c aboard ' however, the Resolute ar
whole number^ he?"^ l ° traDSfer th °
an PnHn» fcen ltl l me the fleet surgeon,
inoanfe and the carpenter- to exam-
Th^n, Becure «vcrythin*. necessary.
takim ytoi r T' rtP(l to me that she was
sounrfnL VV - X had Previously had
soundings taken, and found *>lght feet at
but a snSi? 8eV H nty at the stern, ao that
ashore sm T all r P° «n of the ship was left
Me to thJ «,£""* as l ulck as possi-
ThVo ln! f hlp , to rf ' port the situation,
and th* aS "'en*!-'! to take charge,
rhl?' ere , haPtenerl on board a
OurWnrl? nfSi " i nt a L S0 from the Ship.
thSm n The to ßh?n a^ lt '"^lble t^ole
70.,S7 0 .,S B^P lh «s slowly mottled. At
IS l°n?o°U h er w^,^ Sftfcer^
win""* h« x I fV Utenant Commander Cogs"
placed against her quarter, and i la?er?l
ww o b tt n Y^ ken from our ow " boat to
hers, the Colon was forced In shore It
was by this time dark, but, using a
searchlight, we were able to force the
ship on the beach, the chain being paid
out at the same time. She thus sank n
a very moderate depth of water, and it is
very probable she may be saved.
At 11 p. m. the flagship returned to San
tiago, leaving the Texas and Oregon in
charge of the prize. bUB In
Though the ship was not able to come
to action with any of the larger ships on
account of her distance to the eastward
every nerve was strained to uo so and nil'
was done that could be done. Our spe"d
had rapidly increased, so that we wer<*
prolng sixteen knots at the end. We wer*
Immediately astern, while others were
considerably to seawaru. "We were thua
In a position to prevent a -oasible doub
ling to the rear and escape to the south
east.
The officers and crew, as they al
ways have done, acted In the most enthu
siastic and commendable manner They
Jiave worked Into a system which is prac
tically instantaneously ready for action
md while all are deserving of commenda
tion and credit. I think it no derogation
from the deserts of the others to particu
larly name- Lieutenant Commander Pot
:er, to whom as executive officer bo much
it tha shin's efficiency la dua. anA cim-*
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 28, 1898.
SOME SOP GIVEN
THE CUBANS SHUT
OUT OF SANTIAGO
Songo Surrenders to the Ameri
cans and Castillo's Men Per
mitted to Occupy the Town.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9B. by James Gor
don Bennett.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July 27.—
Balm has been applied to the injured
feelings of the Cubans, who resent the
fact that they were not permitted to
enter the city of Santiago. Songo, a
small town eighteen miles from here
on the railway line, has been sur
rendered to the American forces, and
the Cubans under General Castillo have
been permitted to occupy it. It was
held by a garrison of 350 Spanish
soldiers. C«ptaln Carvahal, the com
mander, gave up the town as soon as
officially advised of the capitulation of
General Toral's army.
Dr. Joaquin Castillo, brother of the
general, will leave for Washington in
a few days with the petition from
Cuban residents in which President
McKinley is asked to permit the Cuban
forces to enter Santiago.
The troops which recently came here
are fretting under the monotony of gar
rison duty. Colonel Howard of the
Eighth Ohio Regiment has cabled to
President McKlnley asking that his
corps here be dispatched to Porto Rico
for active service or sent back home.
General Wood, military governor,
Engineer McConnell. who has kept the
machinery in th<- admirable order which
has -Tiabieu us at all times to develop the
ship's full speed. Respectfully.
F. E. CHADWICK.
Captain D. S. N.. commanding.
The commander in chief, United States
naval forces. North American station.
INDIANA'S CAPTAIN
PROUD OF HIS MEN
WASHINGTON, July V.— Captain Tay
lor of the Indiana reports as follows:
U. 8. S. INDIANA, FIRST RATE,
off Santiago de Cuba, July 4.— Sir:
T have the honor to submit the
following report of the operations of the
Indiana in the action of July 3 with the
Spanish squadron off Santiago de Cuba:
At t »:.77 a. m., while the crew were at
quarters preliminary to general muster,
Doted two puns fired from the lowa and
general order, "Enemy's ship 6 escap
ing." flying. At once cleared ship for ac
tion" and the crew were at the guns in a
remarkably short time, all officers and
men showing an alacrity that Indicated
clearly 'heir pleasure at the opportunity
offered them.
The Spanish squadron was feen
emerging from the harbor and in a fetv
moments a general action ensued. The
leading ship, which proved to be the In
fanta Maria Teresa, flying the flag of
Vice-Admiral Cervt-ra, was followed by
the other \essels of the squadron as fol
lows: Vizcaya, Cristobal Colon. Oquendo
and the torpedo boat destroyers Furor
and Pluton. The enemy's vessels head
ed to the westward ami our ships head
ed in the same direction, keeping as
nearly abreast of th m as possible.
This ship fired on all of them as they
came out, one by one, and continued the
action later by firing principally on the
Maria Teresa, Oquendo, Furor and Plu
ton. Several of our shells were seen to
take effect on these vessels. Our sec
ondary battery guns were directed par
ticularly on the destroyers, as also were
the six-inch guns. The destroyers were
sunk through the agency of our guns and
those of the Gloucester, which vespel had
come up and engaged them in close board.
The initial fire of the last two ships
was dtrectM at this vessel, and although
falling very close only struck the ship
twice, without any Injury to the Bhip or
j crew.
Our ranges were obtained by angles on
Morro as the ships emerged and then by
angles on the tops of the rear ships. The
I ranges wert from 4000 to 2000 yards, ob
! served from the top. From the bridge I
: could see that our shooting was excellent
| and showed its effect. One of our thir
tecm-inch shells was seen to enter the
Maria Teresa under the quarter-deck and
explode, and that ship was observed on
fire very shortly afterward.
About 10:15 a. m. we observed the Ma
ria Teresa and Oquendo on fire and head
ing for the beach, the fire from their guns
having ceased. We then devoted special
attention to prevent the escape ot the de-
I stroyers, which appeared more than a
; match for the Gloucester, she being tha
only small vessel near to engage them.
; They wore soon seen to blow up. appar
| ently struck by our six-inch and six
i pounders. We now fired our large guns
; at the Vizcaya, which was at long range.
; She made for the shore after being on
I fire, and her battery was silenced. These
ships hauled down their colors as they
i made for the beach. The Spanish flag
i ship hoisted the white flag as she
■- grounded.
We now ceased firing. The Colon was
! observed well over the western horizon,
i closely pursued by the Brooklyn. Orepon
j and Texas off shore. Trie flagship tfew
I York, steaming full speed to the west-
I ward, as soon as the Vizcaya surrendered.
signaled. "Go back and guard entrance
■or the harbor." Several explosions were
observed on board the burning ships. At
• noon we turned and stood to the east
! ward for our station, In obedience *■> the
above signal. We observed the Harvard
and several transports standing to tho
westward.
At 12:30 o'clock the Resolute came
within hail and informed us by mega
phone that a battle-ship was sighted to
tho eastward, standing toward us. Later
the Harvard passed, confirming the infor
mation, and adding that the ship was
painted white. Wo made out the vessel
ahead and stood for her with our guns
bearing. She proved to be the Austrian
i armored cruiser Kaiserin Maria Theresa.
She sent an officer on board and request
ed permission to enter the harbor. I re
ferred him to the commander-in-ohie.f.
She then stood on to the westward and
we resumed our station.
During this action we used no ar
mor-piercing shell except tho smokeless
powder slx-pounders, and the good effect
of the common shell is shown by the
effect on the enemy's ships and the short
time taken to disable them without pierc
ing their armor and with almost no In
jury to our ships.
The guns and mounts •worked well:
only two failures of electric primers
a During the afternoon sent boats with
surgeon on shore to burning vessels to
nssi^t in caring for the wounded. The
boats returned, bringing one squad of of
i fleers and fifteen men afl prisoners.
The conduct of the officers and crew
was in every respect commendable. Cool
n«M and good discipline prevailed,
coupled with a marked enthusiasm. This
desirable condition of affairs is largely
due to the efforts of the officers, and I
desire to commend to the commander-in
chief the executive officer. Lieutenant
Commander John A. Rodgers, and all the
officers of the ship for the part taken by
the Indiana in bringing about this great
victory and the complete destruction of
the enemy's squadron. Very rospect
fnllv "■ *-\ TAYLOR,
*' Captain Commanding.
The commander-in-chief United States
navel forces on the North Atlantic
station. .__• -
THE TEXAS CLAIMS HER
SHARE OF THE GLORY
WASHINGTON July 27. —Captain
Philip of the Texas reports as follows:
UNITED STATES SHIP TEXAS, off
Santiago, July 4.— Sir: In accordance with
the requirements of navy regulations, I
respectfully submit the following state
ment, la rurard to the vast the Texas took
has issued orders prohibiting the col- I
lection of municipal and Government |
taxes on merchants' goods for con- I
sumption here as well as small taxes
upon small packages for the transient |
population. The local board for harbor i
improvements has notified the Govern
or that it has received no taxes. It has
been seeking to have collected taxes
authorized by the proclamation of ,
General Shafter.
Orders have also been issued to every '
householder to report to the Mayor or i
Military Governor every death occur
ring in his household. The penalty for
non-compliance is thirty days' hard la
bor in the streets. Policemen have
been ordered to report all cases of
malignant disease in their district and
all unsanitary conditions which they
may observe. The surgeon in charge '
informs me that there are 2000 cases of !
fever among the troops, of which more
than 500 are yellow fever. A new field I
hospital will be established r.ear Gen- \
eral Shafter's headquarters near the j
trenches.
It has been decided that the four
merchant <=toamers and the gunboat
found in the harbor of Santiago at the
time of the capitulation are military
prizes.
Colonel Weston of the commissary
department has been appointed Col
lector of Customs.
in the engagement with the enemy yes
terday. At daylight on the morning of
the 3d the Texuß stood out from the en
trance to the harbor, taking day block
ading positions about three miles from
Morro (Morro bearing N.N.E.).
At 9:3s— Morro bearing N. by E. H E.,
distant 5100 yards— the enemy's ships were
sighted standing out of the harbor. Im
mediately a general signal was made. !
This 6lgnal was followed by the lowa's
almost tit the Fame time.
The ship, as per orders, was heading In
toward trie entrance; went ahead at full I
speed, putting holm hard starboard, and
ordering forced draught on all boilers the
officer of the deck. lieutenant L. M. Bris- ;
tol, having given the general alarm and |
beat to quarters for action at the sanie
time.
As the leader, bearing the admiral's
flag, appeared in the entrance, sue opened
fire, which was nt 9:40 returned by the
Texas at a rang' of 4Kie yards while clos
ing in. The ship leading' was of the Viz
caya class and the flagship. Four ships
came out— evidently the Vizcaya, the
Oquondo. the Maria Teresa and the Colon
—followed by two torpedo boat de<»trov- !
era. Upon seeing these we immediately
opened fire on them with our secondary
battery, the main battery at the time be
ing f-ngaged with the second and third i
in line. Owing to our secondary i
buttery, together wiui the lowa and |
Gloucester, the two destroyers were
forced to beach and sunk.
Whilst warmly engaged with the third
In li.ie, which was abreast and engaging
tne Texas, our fire was blanketed for a
s'..ort time by the Oregon forging ahead i
and engaging the second ship. This third
ship, after a spirited fire, sheered in '
shore, and at 10:35 ran up a white flag, i
We then ceased fire on the third and
opened fire with our forward guns at
long range (6600 yards) on the second ehlp
ewhlch waa thru engaged with the Ore
gon i until 11:05, when she (the second
ship} sheered on to the beach on fire.
At 11:10 she struck her colors, when we
ceased fire and gave chase with the
Brooklyn and Oregon for the leading ship
until 12:20, when the Colon sheered Into
the bearh and hauled down her colors,
leaving th^m on deck at the foot of her
flagstaff. We then shut oft forced draught
and proceeded at a reduced speed to close
up.
I would state that during this chase
the Texas was holding her own with the
Colon: she leading us about four miles at
tho start. The reports of the executive,
officer and the surgeon are transmitted.
I have the pleasure of stating that the
entire battery c,f the Texas Is in a most
excellent condition and ready for any
nen-loe required by the commander-ln
chlof: especlallv calling attention to the
efficiency of the two turret guns, due
to the alterations recently made by Lieu
tenant F. M. Haesler of this ship".
The bearing and performance of duty
of all officers meet with my entire ap
proval. Very respectfully submitted
J. W. PHTLIP,
Captain V. S. N\, Commanding.
To CommandfT-in-Chief, North Atlantic
Station.
HEROIC WORK OF THE
LITTLE GLOUCESTER
WASHINGTON. July 27.—Lieuten
ant Commander Wainwright of the
Gloucester submits the following:
U. S. S. GLOUCESTER, off Santiago
de Cuba, July 6. — Sir: I have
the honor to report that at the
battle of Santiago on July 3 the
officers and crew of the Gloucester were
uninjured and the vessel was not injured
In hull or machinery, the battery only re
quiring some slight overhauling.
I inclose herewith a copy of the re
port of the executive officer, made In
compliance with paragraph 525, page 110,
Naval Regulations, which report I believe
to be correct in all particulars. I also
inclose copies of the reports of the several
officers, which may prove valuable for fu
ture reference.
It was the plain duty of the Glouces
ter to look after the destroyers and she
was held back, gaining steam, until they
appeared at the entrance. The Indiana
poured in a hot fire from all her sec
ondary batteries upon the destroyers but
Captain Taylor's signal, "Gunboats cloae
in, " gave security that we would not be
fired upon by our own ships. The lead
ing destroyer was injured. Our course
was converging, necessarily, but as soon
as she slackened her speed we headed
directly for the vessels, firing both port
and starboard batteries, as the occasion
offered.
All the officers and nearly all of the
men deserve my highest praise for their
conduct during the action. The escape of
the Gloucester was due mainly to the ac
curacy and rapidity of her fire. The effi
ciency of this fire, as wel. as that of the
ship generally, was largely due to the in
telligent and unremitting efforts of the
executive officer. Lieutenant Harry P.
Huse. The result Is more to his credit
when it is remembered that a large pro
portion of the officers and men were un
trained when the Gloucester was commis
sioned. Throughout the action he was on
the bridge and carried out my orders with
great calmness. That we were able to
close in with the destroyers— and until
we did so they were not seriously Injur
ed—was largely due to the skill of Passed
Assistant Engineer George W. McElroy.
The blower was put on and the speed in
creased to 17 knots without causing a tube
to leak or a brass to heat. Lieutenant
Wood, Lieutenant George H. Norman Jr.
and Ensign John T. Edson not only con
trolled the fire of the guns in their di
visions and prevented waste of ammuni
tion, but they also did some excellent
shooting themselves. Acting Assistant
Surgeon Burgess took charge of one of
the guns and fired it himself occasionally.
Acting Assistant Paymaster Alexander
Brown had charge of the two Colt guns,
firing one himself, and they did excellent
work. Assistant Engineer A. 11 Proctor
carried my orders from the bridge and
occasionally fired a gun when I found it
was not being served quite satisfactorily.
All were cool and active at a time when
they could have but little hope of escap
ing uninjured.
Lieutenants Wood and Norman, En
sign Edson and Assistant Engineer Proc
tor were in charge of the boats engaged
In saving lives. They risked their lives
repeatedly in boarding and remaining
tear the two destroyers and the two ar- .
These Are the Times
>Tjrj\ Men's Souls!
\j\ Unseasonable
jj 1 Weather,
.11 Lack of Crops, •
W - • War!
Is there any wonder that for a time jffljos&*£i ;U:^'K--t >lv jHraj^V
business drops considerable ? That iJ^^^^^^^^^^^B %k
money lacks circulation ? J*SwH ,«w 4alsßgk
The first to feel the effect of a crisis l
like the present condition is the mer- MFagMj-fy MM 1 I^^KSmHl :
chant. The first to reap the benefit is llb^llif fill f§ iSSStok
the consumer, for in order to create a «g graft yEl&hiiZ./™™ —dfd^B
demand the merchant is compelled to
make large reductions, and make them m. j£§M!p^^^^^^^P^
with tL fsrm and steady hand, W^
Like all other large merchants we -fflml^^
require money to keep the wheels of our great establishment running.
We feel the Xrti <£j' jC^ Our great re-
effect of war— /rmTT\fTAf7\ IPfr ductions com-
unseasonable / y \/\jif \\\l prise suits in
weather -lack / I Y^k IM^v which are em-
of crops. No /I IJ V %fj\ bodied quality
use playing /.J?\ -A/l J f 9 dk \ that tells—
hide and seek.. ,k/[ A • 3- • Tl •> f — 7f\ % \ ■£&*% »■'«
*Vx> • i w /v f ■• M //y' ) that sells. For
We simply y «/\ v O V J ? °A/ / ±^ *
make a fac? VI fTH f My the past fe-wr
it and devise 1 , ft If/ H days it has been
some means of \ |\ . VVrVU^U- J simply play
disposing of our \|J\ OXl^7/ Work to sell
tremendous \| \ \ U 11 / them. Theyare
stock by mak- {llj^L, jJL* 3- 'I / / as advertised -
ing big reduc- =^|gf^E==~||^^ j p The prices are
tions. o^^^sdf p pulled down
on several hundred all-wool single and double breast Sack Suits made up
in the latest New York, fashion — the richest, rarest and most artistically
tailored garments in the land. Earlier in the season some of them sold as
high as $15.00. During this sale they go for rtrPw /JCf The finest
dresser in the land cannot wear finer than the C »uDe pick of
these garments, for they are all trimmed with rich mohair serge or
Farmer's satin, and embody weaves of Cheviots, Worsteds, Cassimeres,
Serges and Tweeds, shades of browns, grays, slates, blue and black, plaids,
overplaids and pinhead checks. Displayed in our show windows.
Your Money Back.
As a guarantee that these suits are all that we
claim for them — that is, that the only thing cheap
about them is the price — we further make the unpre-
cedented offer to return the purchase price, without
question, if, after one week's use, the buyer is not
satisfied with the garments.
8 N. WOOD & COL
718 Market Street.
mored cruisers, when their guns were be
ing discharged by the heat, and their
magazines and boilers were exploding.
They showed great skill In landing and
taking off the prisoners through the surf.
Of the men mentioned in the several
reports. I would call especial attention to
Jonn Bon, chief boatswain's mate, who
should have been recommended to the de
partment for promotion prior to his gal
lant conduct during the action of July 3.
I would also recommend your attention
to Robert P. Jennings, chief machinist,
mentioned in the report of Mr McElroy.
I believe it vould have a good effect to
recognize the skill of the men and the
danger incurred by the engineer force. I
would also recommend that the r Ulng
appointments of those men mentioned by
the officers in their divisions be made
permanent.
The wounded and exhausted prisoners
wc-re well and skillfully attended by As
sistant Surgeon Bransfoni, assisted by
Ensign Edson. who Is also a surgeon.
The admiral and his officers were
treated with ail the care possible. They
were fed and clothed as far as our limits
means would permit. Very respectfully,
RICHAKD WAINWRIGHT,
Lieutenant Commander U. S. N.
To the Com,mander-ln-Chief, United
States Naval Forces, North Atlantic
Station.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GUANTANAMO TROOPS
HAVE SURRENDERED
Condition of the Town Described as
Awful, the Garrison Literally
Starving.
Copyrighted, 1898, by the Associated Press.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA. July 27.—
Lieutenant Colonel Angel Rosell, who,
after taking confirmation of the in
structions to surrender from General
Toral to General Paroja, Military Gov
ernor of Guant&namo, returned here
this afternoon, said to an Asso
ciated Press correspondent that the
first intimation that Guantanamo had
of the surrender of Santiago and the
terms thereof . was on July 23, when
Rear Admiral Sampson sent a letter to
General Paroja asking what number of
rations should be sent to his garrison,
as they had been surrendered on the
17th.
General Paroja, being ignorant of the
surrender, refused to credit the message
and accept rations, answering Admiral
Sampson to that effect. Admiral Samp
son then sent a copy of the terms of
surrender, whereupon General Paroja
decided to inquire of General Toral at
Santiago whether the news was true,
and Lieutenant Colonel Rosell was ap
pointed to come here. He returned with
this confirmation and the surrender of
Guantanamo took place yesterday.
Colonel Rosell says the conditions of
Guantanamo are awful and the troops
are literally starving. For the last
eight days they have had no food. On
mounting guard the soldiers wero
obliged to sit. being too weak to stand,
and it was impossible to make them
build trenches, as they fell from ex
haustion. There are 2000 sick in Guan
tanamo, suffering from diseases in
creased by hunger. The conditions of
Guantanamo, Colonel Rosell says, are
worse than those at Santiago.
Lieutenant Colonel Ewens of the
Ninth Infantry received the surrender
of Guantanamo yesterday. The Span
ish troops will remain In the town un
til transported.
34
MILES' ENTIRE
ARMY LANDED
WITHOUT LOSS
To Lieutenant Wainwright Is Due
the Credit for the Capture
of Guanica.
WASHINGTON. July 27.— The Navy
Department posted the following dis
patch from Captain Higginson, in
command of the naval expedition
which went to Purto Rico with General
Miles:
"St. Thomas, July 26— Received in
"Washington July 27, 1:30 a. hi. — Secre
tary of the Navy, Washington: Ar
rived here with General Miles and the
United States troops to-day at 9:13
a. m. Landed them safely. There are
no batteries outside. The Gloucester
entered the harbor and landed a
company of sailors under command of
Lieutenant Harry P. Huse, U. S. N..
and Lieutenant Harry Wood. They
dispersed a small company of Spanish
soldiers and hoisted the flag. I com
mend Lieutenant Commander Richard
TVainwright and his officers for gal
lantry in capturing Guanica. The
transports discharged without any op
position, assisted by the boats of the
Massachusetts.
"I have telegraphed Admiral Samp
son. HIGGINSON.
"Port Guanica, Porto Rico. July 25,
15*8."
Captain Hlgginson's brief cablegram
gave keen delight to the Navy Depart
ment, because of the unstinted praise
it accorded to popular and dashing '
"Dick" Wainwright. the commander of j
the little Gloucester. Wainwright, !
having been commanded by his supe
rior, Higginson, for his actions at Gu
anica, enjoys the solitary distinction of
being the only officer attached to
Sampson's fleet who has been twice
officially commended since the war be
gan.
The War Department has reconciled
Itself to the summary change in its
plans made by General Miles when he
landed at Guaniea, instead of "or the
east coast of Porto Rico," as previous
ly agreed upon. It is surmised that
he was led tv make this change by rea
son of the detention of his lighters, and
foresaw a week's delay in effecting a
landing unless he went in where he did
and ran his troops and artillery direct
ly ashore. He thus has avoided ex
posing his troops to the hardships suf
fered by Shafier's men, as they lay
for bo many days off Santiago. It is
suggested that the general has scored
an important diplomatic advantage in
setting foot on Porto Hican soil before
\he first "V^rture.s had been received
from Spain looking toward peace.
The departure of General Brooke and
General Haincs from Hampton Roads,
vhich is expected to-morrow, to re
inforce General Miles In Porto Rico, Is
a very substantial evidence of the pur
pose of the Government not to abate
th • prosecution of military operations
at this stage of the negotiations. The
two generals are embarked on rapid
liners and should reach General Miles
by next Monday, putting him into pos
:. of a sufficient force to begin
th'- movement upon San Juan «t once.
While the war officials are reasonably ,
certain that General Wilson, with that
part of the Porto Rico expedition which
■ailed under his command from I
MEN AND ARMS
LAND AT BANES
Spanish Cavalry Driven
Back.
SUCCESS OF AN EXPEDITION
CUBANS FAUL TO APPEAR AT
THE RENDEZVOUS.
Four of the Steamship Wanderer's
Men Wounded in a Brush
With a Body of the
Enemy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KEY WEST, Fla., July 27.— News
reached here to-day of the attempted
landing on Cuban shores of a large ex
pedition, men and arms, from the
steamer Wanderer, which left Key
West about a week ago. Banes, west
of Havana, was the point selected for
debarkation, but on arriving there the
expedition was confronted by a body
of cavalry numbering a thousand or
more and a sharp engagement ensued.
The Wanderer was to have been met
by a party of Cubans, who had evident
ly been driven off by the Spanish forces
before the arrival of the Wanderer.
The Wanderer, which was not under
convoy, drew up about 400 yards- from
the shore and began discharging her
cargo by means of small boats. At
first there were no signs of resistance,
and a portion of the supplies had al
ready been placed on the beach when
a vigorous rifle fire was opened on the
members of the expedition from a
wooded growth lining the beach, and a
force of Spanish cavalrymen burst into
Bight.
There were about two score of sharp
shooters who evidently expected the
expedition, and they attempted to
cover the retreat by lying fiat and re
turning the Spaniard's fire. They
picked off a number of the cavalry
men, and as the opposing force backed
to the woods the Wanderer's men got
their boats off, but not before William
Davis, mate; William Ross, seaman;
Gabriel Alvarez, Felix Lopez and
Rojolu Garcia had been slightly
wounded.
After the Wanderer's men had got
away the Spaniards pushed down to
the beach and resumed their fire, pep
pering the hull of the Wanderer with
Mauser bullets, but inflicting no fur
ther damage.
The gunboat Vicksburg returned
here this morning after having been
thirty-eight days in the blockade. She
reports that on Tuesday last, while
two miles off shore, west of Havana,
the Vedado battery and the battery re
cently erected fired three shots each at
her. The shells fell close to the ship,
and she quickly got out of range.
▲dvaneea made on furniture and pianos, with
*~ ~ ••'•"•■t removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 MlMlon.
Charleston, has already formed a Junc
tion with General Miles and his army
at Guanica Bay, no Information to that
effect has been received. General Miles
informed the War Department that he
had sent a vessel to meet General Wil
son's expedition and guide it to Guan
ica. This was done because General
Wilson expected when he left Charles
ton to land at Point Fajarde.
It is expected that General Schwan
and his command will arrive at Guan
ica to-morrow, or, at the latest. Friday.
Following Schwan, General Brooke ia
scheduled to sail from Newport News
early to-n;orrow morning and will ar
rive at the rendezvous not later than
Sunday morning.
It is not expected by the War De
partment officials that General Miles
will attempt to bring on a general en
gagement before the latter part of next
week.
MASSACHUSETTS LANDS
THREE THOUSAND MEN
Special cable to The Call anri the Now York
Herald. Copyrighted. IS9B. by James Gor
don Hennott
PLATA DEL ESTE (via Hayti), July
27.— The Massachusetts landed 3000
troops on the southwest coast of Porto
Rico. The Massachusetts has been
ordered back here to Join the fleet,
which includes all the vessels men
tioned in my last cablegram and sev
eral other cruisers.
DEFENSES OF SAN
JUAN STRENGTHENED
Copyrighted, 1898, by the Associated Press.
ST. THOMAS, D. W T . 1.. July 27.— The
Spanish troops in Porto Rico are being
withdrawn from the outlying towns
and are concentrating in San Juan.
The defenses of the capital are being
strengthened.
CRUISER CINCINNATI
PICKS UP THE MOBILE
Special rable to The Call and the NVw York
Herald. Copyrighted. 189S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
ON BOARD THE CALL-HERALD
DISPATCH BOAT MINDORA, ST.
THOMAS, D. W. 1.. July 27.— The
cruiser Cincinnati picked up the trans
port Mobile off San Juan last night and
to-day escorted her southwest to Cay
Culebra Island. For fear that the tor
pedo boat destroyer Terror and Carlos
II might attempt to escape from San
Juan harbor, the Cincinnati remained
last night on the blockade line.
On board the Mobile are the Sixteenth
Pennsylvania, two companies of the
Sixth Illinois and an ambulance and
signal corps, 1265 men in all. There are
thirty-five cases of typhoid fever on the
transport. The monitor Terror put in
here to-day for coal, and will leave to
morrow.
YANKEE SPIES
ALARM MADRID
Press Crusade Against
Correspondents.
CALL-HERALD MAN A TARGET
HIS IMMEDIATE EXPULSION
DEMANDED.
Charged With Having Published in
the Journals He Represents a
Plan of the Fortifications
of Tarifa.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MADRID, July 27.— A very strong ef
! fort is being made by the press here to
have me sent out of the country. El
Imparchial, a very largely circulated
paper, published again to-day an arti
cle entitled "El Espoinage Yankee,"
and probably purposes publishing it
daily until it forces the Government to
expel me. According to the Heraldo
and Imparchial the Government yester
day discussed my presence and decided
on immediate action. El Imparcial's
article on Yankee spying is very cur
ious. It says: "The Council has been
occupied with work done in Spain by
correspondents of certain Yankee news
papers. The Herald has even received
and published a plan of the fortifica
tions at Tarifa, including both old and
new batteries at that place. The Her
ald also receives telegrams about the
defensive work of Cadiz. The Minis
ters were surprised to find this work of
spying brought to such a point and
have decided to take steps to prevent
its being carried out in future."
El Liberal publishes the same item
about the plan of Tarifa, with the com
ment that it confirms once more the
grounds there were for its solemn ab- I
jurations to the Government to take I
active measures against correspond- i
ents who are spies kept by the enemy
in Spain. Speakinr about the plan, It I
says: "While we patriotically and in {
obedience to the orders of the Govern- '
ment suppress all information that I
might be of utility to the enemy, Jour- i
nallsts and experts in the service of the I
Americian nation are allowed to work
unmolested in providing their army
and navy with all details that can
facilitate them in the task they have
undertaken. If it is true the Govern
ment has decided to take vigorous
measures to bring this spying to an
end, public opinion will entirely ap
plaud its determination. Such steps
ought to have been taken much ear
lier.
El Heraldo publishes a note that
active operations are going to be
undertaken against foreign corre
spondents in S-ain, particularly in
Madrid.
CALIFORNIAKH iw *tttw tt^ot..-
NEW YORK, July 27.-W. P. Sbuw of
Ban Francisco is at the Windsor- F W
Hall of Oakland is at the Plaaa.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 28, 1898.
GATHERED TO
HIS FATHERS
Bishop Wingffield Is No
More.
SUCCUMBS TO PARALYSIS
HIS DEATH A LOSS TO THE
EPISCOPAL CHUBCH.
Was an Earnest Worker for the Good
of His Fellow-Man and His
Charity Knew No
Bounds.
I
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BENICIA, J-'- 27.-The sad news was
telegraphed this afternoon to *.ie relatives
ami friends of the Right Rev. J. H. D.
Wlngfleld that he was dead. Notwith
standing he had been ailing some time, it
was hoped that he was getting better,
! and his deal., was a surprise that has cast
a gloom over the community and the
church of winch he was a leading light.
j The immediate cause of death was a
stroke of paralysis.
Bishop Wingfield was born in Ports
mouth, Va., on September 24, 1833. He re
ceived his education at St. Timothy's,
Maryland, in which institution he was
; for two years one of the (acuity. He took
I a course of study in tne Theological Sem
1 lnary of Virginia, anu was made a Jea
! con In Christ church, Little Rock, on
1 January 17, IXSB. and in the following year
he was ordained a priest. Until 1871 lie "was
; connected with the Episcopal church in
Portsmouth ana Petersburg. Va. In the
■ latter place he founded the St. Paul
School for Girls.
| In 1874 he became identified with the
Pacific Coast, having been elected rector
lof Trinity Church, San * rancisco. His
talents as a scholar earned for him the
degree of doctor of alvln'ty in 1869, and
that of doctor of laws in 1874 from nls
| alma mater, Mary and William l'o..ege.
On December 2. 1874. he was consecrated
Bishop of the missionary district of
Northern California, and took up his resi
dence in Benicia, where he established
the missionary college of St. Augustine
and later St. Mary's Seminary of the Pa
cific Coast, both of which institutions
were so well and successfully conducted
that Benicia became known as the Athens
of the Pacific Coast.
Bishop Wlngrteld was an untiring
worker, and his remarkable energy and
perseverance enabled him to build up tne
interests of the church in the northern
district beyond all expectations. His abili
ties were so well appreciated that he *vas
offered the assistant Bishopric of Missis
sippi, the Bishopric of Louisiana ana the
see of Easton.
He wrote many articles in the Interest
of the church. Hi? published works are:
"The Sacrament of Warriors," "Answers
to the Charge of Uncharitableness" and
"The Churchman's Gratitude."
Bishop Wlngfleld in his home relations
was idolized by his family, and as a mem
ber of the community he was thoroughly
respected. He was courteous and affable
to all who had business with him, and his
charity to the unfortunate was unbound
ed. He was brave to denounce wrong and
strong to uphold right.
He nad the courage -f his convictions,
which was demonstrated during the civil
war when he refused to take the oath
of allegiance; and the same courage
brought him to express his gratitude in
the later years of his life that the United
States was one people and one nation.
I Hiring his life he had many troubles
and trials which resulted in his having
to close the schools unfler his charge but
In the greatness of hid charity the last
act of his life was to pray for 'those that
had injured him. He had been unable
to attend to the duties of his office since
May. 1896, owing to a stroke of paralysis
received at that time and which event
unlly was the cause of his dpath. A
widow and one daughter survive him
His remains will bo tak^n to Petersburg
Va., for burial, and hfs funeral will take
place on Friday at 6:30 p. m.
WATSON'S SQUADRON
MAY HASTEN PEACE
NEW YORK, July 27.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: With an interest almost as
keen as that felt by Spain the powers
of Europe are awaiting the announce
ment of the terms upon which Presi
dent McKinley will be willing to end
the war. This reply will make plain
the policy of the administration with
respect to the Philippines. It will
likely cause an exchange of notes be
tween the powers, and may prove to
be a rivet which may bind Continental
Europe together for the purpose of
bringing pressure to bear upon this
Government looking to the withdrawal
of its demands regarding the acquisi
tion of territory in the Philippines and
other Spanish islands in that section
of the globe.
So great has been the anxiety of the
several governments to learn the in
tention of the United States with re
gard to the Philippines that they in
structed their representatives in Wash
ington to make inquiries as to our
policy. These diplomats, besides seek
ing information through the ordinary
channels, have furnished their govern
ments with such unofficial statements
and gossip of an authoritative charac
ter as they have been able to obtain.
The inquiries when addressed to the
State Department have all been of a
character to disarm suspicion of any
intention on the part of the makers to
find fault with any policy that may be
adopted by the United States, it being
stated that if not an improper ques
tion the Government of Japan, for in
stance, would like to know what the
United States proposes to do with the
Philippines. Besides Japan, several
governments made these inquiries, but
it is stated positively at the German
and French embassies that the repre
sentatives of these governments made
no representation whatever to the
United States on the subject.
To the inquiries which have been
made, however, an evasive answer has
been returned, indicating that the Gov
ernment had formulated no definite pol
icy, but the positive assertion has been
made that foreign interests will be
thoroughly protected. These inquiries
have, of course, been the subject of
much discussion by the President and
his advisers and are the cause of some
apprehension that an effort may be
made by Continental Europe to exert a
pressure upon this Government to with
draw from the Philippines.
It was to counteract such pressure
and to show Europe the demands* of the
United States were unalterable that the
President recently so largely increased
the Eastern squadron, and it is reit
erated to-day with emphasis that that
squadron will sail for Spain between
the Ist and 10th of August. If Spain is
sincere in her desire for peace the ne-
Kotiationß of the officials will be un
doubtedly hastened by the departure of
the squadron abroad, and if she is not,
that squadron will be in a position to
attack and destroy the remnant of the
Spanish navy and make demonstrations
along the Spanish coast.
Rear Admiral Samptfon hasassembled
the armorclads at Guantanamo and is
putting them in the best possible re
pair. He will report within a week,
the authorities pxpoct, the completion
of repairs to certain ships. These will
be attached to Commodore Watson's
squadron and sent abroad.
Stmr. Grace Dollar will nail for fit. Michael
Guaranteed connections Yukon River points'
low rates. Particulars 46 Mkt. or 632 Mkt r 8'
THE LATE BISHOP J. H. D. WINGFIELD.
BISMARCK IS
SERIOUSLY ILL
Report of His Condition
Verified.
HE HAS GROWN VERY WEAK
UNABLE TO COMBAT RAVAGES
OF DISEASE.
The Iron Prince Is Slowly Failing,
Though His Physician Says
There Is No Immediate
Danger.
Special Dispatch to The C«JI.
BERLIN, July 27.— A representative of
the Hamburgische Correspondent, tele
graphing from Friedrichsruhe at 4:40 p.
m., Bays: The reports of Prince Bis
marck's serious illness are unfortunately
verified, so far as can be ascertained. The
family feared the worst yesterday. The
Prince Is weaker to-day, but as he slept
well last night, it is hoped he may again
improve. The whole family is assembled
at Friedrichsruhe.
The Hamburg correspondent of the Vos
sische Zeltung says: All the evening
papers, \»fth the exception of the Ham
burger Nachrichten. repn.-ut.-nt the con
dition of Prince Bismarck as unfavorable.
Despite his good sleep, there Is still
ground for anxiety.
The Hamburger correspondent of the
Berliner Tageblatt says that it has been
an anxious crisis, but that there are hopes
that there is now a turning for the bet-
A dispatch from Friedrichsruhe to the
Lokal AnzeigtT says: Prince Bismarck
has been seriously ill for some days with
acute venal inflammation, but is better
to-day. He has eaten ice and takon
nourishment. There is no immediate dan
ger. \\ hat is serious is his extreme weak
ness.
In the face of conflicting statements
and the secrecy maintained at Friedrichs
ruhf, accurate accounts of Prince Bis
marck's condition are impossible It is
the custom of Dr. Schweninger to deny
all alarmist reports, first, because his
patient is still in the habit of reading the
newspapers when he is well enough and
second, because he contends that Prince
Bismarck has the same right of privacy
in such matters as an ordinary private
citizen.
From the best available sources it may
be gathered that Bismarck's condition is
one of diminishing strength and power to
fight against chronic diseases rather than
of sudden collapse or change, and that he
may live for some time unless suoden
Wf-akness of the heart sets In. The in
flammation of the vein of the leg is caus
ing Increasing trouble. Some reports Bay
that an open, painful sore in one leg pre
vt nt^'l him sleeping and has caused
general weakness.
Dr. Schweninger, in a published Inter
view, denies all these alarmist reports.
He complains of the great trouble caused
to himself and the whole TMsmarck house
hold by telegraphic and other Inquiries
from all parts of the world, saving that
he wants his time for his patient and
cannot be expected to answer Inquiries,
and expressing the opinion fVm* people
"ought to be more considerate."
CUBAN TROOPS TAKEN
FROM CAMP iVTCALLA
Given a Rousing Send-Off by Marines
as They Embark for
Caimanera.
Copyrighted, 18H8. by the Associated Presa.
PLATA DEL ESTE, Guantanamo
Bay, Cuba, July 27, 2 p. m.— All the Cu
ban troops at Camp McCalla were
transferred this morning to Caimanera,
in the Samoßet. They will camp there
awaiting orders. They rather expected
to pro to Santiago.
The parting between the United
States marines and their Cuban allies
was attended with quite a ceremony.
A guard was drawn up and the Cubans
shouted: "Viva Americano," "Viva Cu
ba Libre," and "Viva McCalla." It Is
generally conceded they hnve been of
great service to the marines. The lat
ter remain in their original camp.
The preparation of the fleet con
tine without incident. The Vixen, with
General Howard and a number of
army nurses, went to Santiago this
morning. General Howard arrived on
the Niagara. The Marblehead picked
up thirteen submarine contact mines in
the upper Guantanamo Bay yesterday.
All were covered with barnacles and
were harmless. They had been in the
water since April 9.
VENEZUELA SUPPLYING
FOOD FOR THE ENEMY
United States Monitor Loomis Causes
Several Vessels Bound for Porto
Bico to Be Stopped.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
HoraH. Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gor
don "tiennett.
LA GUAYRA, Venezuela, July 27.—
r nited States Minister Loomis has had
vessels laden with food cc-nsigned to
Porto Rico stopped, and has ordered
the American Consul at Curacoa to
follow Jn a steam launch vessels be
lieved to be loaded with supplies for
the enemy.
''Soapy" Smith's Slayer Dead.
SEATTLE. July 27. - Advices from
Skaguay, Alaska, state that Frank H.
Reid, who killed '"Soapy" Smith, had died
from his wounds. Reid's people live in
Roseburg, Or.
ON A BURNING
SHIP AT SEA
West Indian Passengers
in Great Peril.
PANIC - STRICKEN JAMAICANS
MAKE A MAD KT7SH FOB THE
LIFEBOATS.
Brave Mate With a Revolver Looks
to Women and Children — Land
ing at New York Without
Loss of Life.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. July 27.— The steamship
Ardandhu of the Tweedle line, trading
between West Indian pojts and this city,
came up the bay to-day with a heavy
list to starboard, and the cargo stored in
her lower hold on fire. The fire first made
Its appearance at 9:30 on Monday night,
when the vessel was off Fenwlcks Island,
on the coast of Maryland. The wildest
excitement followed the outbreak of the
fire, and several of the eleven steerage
passengers, all Jamaicans, endeavored to
seize the lifeboats. Th« third mate, Percy
Sanders, was forced to draw his revol
ver to prevent the men from the steer
age leaving the burning steamer In the
three lifeboats, which could easily have
accommodated the other forty-five pas
sengers and members of the crew. The
steerage passenger.B were, however, forced
out of the boats by Captain Walker and
his men, nad when discipline was re
stored preparations were first made for
the saving of the women and children of
the vessel. The lifeboats were lowered.
The sea was o.uite calm and the ship"3
officers stood by the rope ladders. Thus
a panic was averted and the safety of
the fifty-six persons on board the Ar
dandhu assured.
The heat was so intense and the smoke
was so heavy that It was for a time un
safe for the passengers to remain on the
upper deck. They were all ordered for
ward and the women and children were
first put into the lifeboats, each of which
had a full supply of food and water on
board, and were supplied with compasses
and signal roci ets. It was nearly mid
night when Captain Walker considered he
had the fire under control and decided to
continue on his way to New York. The
women and children were taken back to
the steamer and the lifeboats were hoist
ed to the davits, but were not taken on
board. The officers from that time on
kept watch over the lifeboats to prevent
the eleven Jamaicans, who appeared ter
ror-stricken, from deserting the burning
ship in -them. Most of the steeragp pas
sengers, however, stowed themselves In
the small boat astern and remained there
until the Ardandhu reached the Narrows.
SECOND CAPTURED FLAG
REACHES SANTIAGO
WASHINGTON, July 27.— The sec
ond captured flag was received at the
War Department to-day with a brief
note from General Shafter as follows:
Fragment of Spanish flag captured by
the Thirteenth United States Infantry at
San Juan, July 1.
Inspector Breckinridge, who had
been a member of General Shafter's
staff, called at the "White House this
afternoon and personally described to
the President the conditions existing
there when he left, July 20. He spoke
particularly of the remarkable enthu
siasm displayed by the United States
troops there and of their cool, brave
conduct under fire. He also minimized
the yellow fever conditions, and said
that the troops had been fully prepared
In advance for Its appearance.
ENCOUNTERED GALES
IN NORTHERN WATERS
SEATTLE, July 27.— Details have been
received here of the perilous trip of eighty
gold seekers from Illinois across Bering
Sea in the river steamer Alaska Union.
The party is headed by Dr. F. C. Hage
man of Chicago. They left here May 21
for Nunivak Island in the schooner Beu
lah. At Nunivak the Alaska Union was
constructed. On July 2 she started to
cross Bering Sea loaded to the guards
with freight and passengers and towing
a barge and steam launch.
The start was hardly made before a
storm came up. At its height one of
the boiler pipes burst and flooded the
lower deck with steam and scalding water
to a depth of six Inches.
Captain Charles E. Baxter of Chicago
with a crowbar broke open a door that
had been nailed up to keep out the sea
and released the water. Por seven hours
the Union lay helpless, and then — >t un
der way Just in time to escape another
storm, which she avoided by running un
der the lee of Nelson Island. On the 4th
another start was made, but another
storm caught her while in shoal water
The pilot cast anchor and threw her nose
up to the gale. The anchors held her
while for hours she lay rocking and toss
ing on the ugly, luranv swells character
istic of Bering Sea. Not one of the party
expected fo escape. On July 6 the mouth
of the Yukon was reached. The members
of the expedition are in the best of health
Eureka'a Agricultural Fair.
EUREKA. July 27. — It was decided this
evening to hold the Eureka Agricultural
and Mechanical Fair in the week begin
ning September 12.
CARGO OF GOLD
ON THE TREASURE
SHIP HUMBOLDT
Fortunate KJondikers Arrive With
Two Million Dollars in Yel
low Dust.
SEATTLE. July 27. -The steamship
Humboldt reached Seattle this after
noon with a golden cargo of nearly
$2,000,000. She is the sixteenth treasure
ship to arrive from the North this
month. Bag after bag of dust and
nuggets was brought ashore, while the
fortunate Yukoners were cheered by
several thousand spectators who
crowded the wharf.
Three lucky miners who were among
the first to arrive in the newly dis
covered Klondike region had about
$800,000 between them. J. D. Mienach
sold his rich claim on Bonanza to a
rpresentative of Drexel, Morgan & Co
for $250,000. This amount, with a few
additional thousands, he has just
brought out.
John Erickson is another wealthy
passenger. He located No. 10 on Bon
anza and has nearly $300,000 to repre
sent his clean-up for the past two
years.
Gold and drafts in the possession of
Antone F. Stander represent over
$250,000. He is the man who won and
married the vaudeville queen Violet
Raymond, with whom he is now going
to Paris to see something of life.
Humboldt Gates and his father-in
law, William Hall, of Eureka, Cal. had
two grips filled with gold in the safe
keeping of Purser Twiggs, who esti
mates their value at over $150,000.
Mrs. Williams of San Francisco has
been in Dawson two years and returns
with $10,000.
Among the other wealthy passengers
was J, D. Thaggard of this city, who
brought out about $50,000. He realized
$27,000 of this amount from the sale of
a half interest in a saloon at Dawson.
The steamships Alice and W. K. Mer
vin brought the Humboldt's 105 passen
gers down the Yukon River in seven
days. The miners rep<frt having passed
the steamers Healy and J. C. Barr.
The former was in a short distance of
Dawson, and the Barr was making pro
gress up the lower Yukon.
The 10 per cent royalty imposed by
the Canadian Government is rapidly
driving out all of the old Klondikers,
who prefer to leave their claims un
worked until next year, believing that
by that time the royalty will be lifted
It is said that mine owners who former
ly employed from twenty to twenty
five men are now working from four to
five only. Many of those who remain
North will develop the American dis
tricts, which give promise of good
yields, and where no extortion Is prac
ticed.
Most of the passengers on the Hum
boldt will go direct to San Francisco.
Among these are John Erickson, F.
Stander and many of the other wealthy
prospectors. They evidently prefer to
turn their gold over to the Mint to hav
ing it cashed at the Seattle assay office.
Stander owns an interest in claims
Nos. 4, 5 and 6 on El Dorado and 40 on
Bonanza, for which he has refused
$1,000,000. He is accredited with having
given Clarence Berry his start by tak
ing him in as a partner during the fall
of 1896. Last year Stander purchased
Berry's interest in their holdings, and
he is now one of the bonanza kings.
Edward Dion of Quebec, Canada, al
leges that claims above 42 on Bonanza
Creek do not pay for their working.
Several of the big ocean steamers
are experiencing serious difficulty at St.
Michael. Some of thorn are unable to
unload their passengers because of the
absence of lighters and having no
light-draft steamers to go up the Yu
kon. In speaking on this point Cap
tain James Bonnified of the Humboldt
said this evening:
"There is a lively time on some of
the big boats at St. Michael. The
steamer Progresso Is in a bad way. The
company that sent her north is now
insolvent. Her 160 passengers cannot
get ashore because of the lack of liarht
ers. Besides, they do not know how
they are to get up the Yukon. Their
passage is paid to Dawson. The com
pany had expected to use some of the
Moran fleet of river steamers, but they
had not yet arrived when we left. But
if they should turn up there is no
money with which to make the neces
sary payment before they can be
used.
"The National City sailed from Port
land with over 100 passengers and has
been at St. Michael three weeks. Her
river steamers were lost p.t sea, and she
has no lighters on which to get her
passengers ashore. The Brixham Is
short of supplies and when she un
loads and starts southward her crew
and passengers will live on short ra
tions. The Dlrigo galled from San
Francisco with a big crowd. The cap
tain has no way of getting them
ashore and is short of provisions.
Food cannot be purchased at St. Mi
chael and the angry passengers are
gradually eating all that is left. The
passengers may have to be brought
back, in which event the cargo will be
broached to get supplies.
"Mrs. A. M. Baber and Miss Jeffer
son, both of Chicago, who went north
on the Progresso, returned on the
Humboldt. They say that the passen
gers fear they will be returned to
Seattle. A number of libel suits have
been prepared against the Progresso
by the passengers."
Captain Bonnifleld says that the
Moran fleet was supposed to have pass
ed through False Pass on July 1? and to
be making their way through Bering
Sea. The Western Star was wrepked
and one other was left behind for re
pairs, leaving but ten in the fleet, if
they arrive safely at St. Michael.
"SWIFTWATER BILL"
RIVALED BY "FRENCHY"
JUNEAU. Alaska, July 23 (by Steam
ship City of Topeka to Port Townsend,
July 27).— Sunrise City, on Turnapain
Arm, Cooks Inlet, the principal town
of that mining region, has another
such character as "Swiftwater Bill"
of Klondike fame, though the Cooks
Inlet plunger is known by only one
name. He is becoming as famous,
though not quite so rich, either in
name or gold dust. He is known as
"Frenchy." This incipient Croesus has
a placer mine in a gulch up Six Mile
Creek, into which all the paying creeks
in that section empty. Sunrise City
stands at the mouth of Six Mile. Its
present population is about 2000 per
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Thafto- '/9
■ stalls jt*Tkf ■ ,* „ ' >.M. M "
sons, and It possesses all the attrac
tions of the frontier mining camps.
"Frenchy" plays faro like a fiend,
paints the town red periodically, and
is what is known in the States as a
"goou thing" for the gamblers and sa
loo-ns. He never stops blowing himself
as long as there is an ounce of dust
left in his sack, for the very good rea
son that he knows there is plenty more
where that came from.
"Frenchy" is something of a mys
tery. He parries all attempts to learn
his right name, saying that "Frenchy"
Is good enough for him. He has excel
lent manners, particularly when
drunk, and shows unmistakable marks
of having seen, if not better days fin
ancially, better days socially. Some of
the miners call him "The Count." One
pf the last party down from Cooks In
let says that "Frenchy" plays one
card at a time, the six being his favor
ite, with the queen next. This habit
gives the dealer a much better chance
with the cards, which accounts for the
fact that the mineowner almost invari
ably loses.
,, lAfter1 After being in town a few days
Frenchy" suddenly disappears, but
everybody has learned that he has
gone back to his "diggings" for more
gold. Invariably he reappears in about
a week with the buckskin receptacle
full to the neck with coarse gold. Ha
says he is going down to the States
by the last steamer next fall. He has
spent about $15,000 in dust up to date
this summer.
E. C. Sherman, who lives on Adeline
street, Oakland, is one of the latest ar
rivals from Cooks Inlet, whither he
went in the interest of hydraulic min
ing on a large scale.
"One serious drawback of the Cooks
Inlet country," he said, "is the disre
gard of mining laws. Men who have
been in the country several years have
located a great many claims. They do
no development work on them as re
quired by law, and at the end. of the
year simply refile on them. This keeps
out men who might put in money and
work the ground. There is much
ground in the district that can be
worked with profit by hydraulics. The
season has not been a successful one
for the miners. This is not on account
of there being no gold, but because of
the unusually high water which has
carried away dams and sluice boxes, so
that no work could be done. There
are a number of good claims, and as
there are not less than 2000 men out
prospecting, more good ground in all
probability will be found. But there
are already too many men there for
that immediate district, and it remains
to be seen whether the country in that
vicinity is gold bearing. The high water
has greatly interfered with prospect
ing and altogether the season so far
has not been a satisfactory one.
"Sunrise City THll be lively r c-jrj;. win
ter. Several fairly good stores and
quite a number of saloons are doing
business.
"Frank Wheeler is perhaps the lead
ing merchant of Sunrise. He had a
mortgage on a claim owned by a man
named Powers, who had not done much
work on it. Three days before the
little steamer Perry left Sunrise to
take passengers down to Homer to
catch the mail steamer. Wheeler fore
closed on the mortgage. He put sev
eral men at work at once, and When
we left they were taking out $70 a day
to the man.
"Powers was badly broken up over his
loss and Wheeler's good fortune. He
lost his head on the Perry and began
to shoot. I was standing just in front
of him and one bullet whistled by my
ear. They put him into the hold, and
he was still there when the mall
steamer left.
HAL HOFFMAN.
AM A MAN
That is a grand and a great
tr;ing to be able to say. To
Know that you are a whole
man is to Know that you are
a specimen of the hi9 nest
creation. You are not a
whole man, though, if you
have tired limbs, weaK Knees,
IgcK of confidence in your
own powers, or a dull feeling
of gloom and care. The whole
I rrjarj is the one who feels life's
I blood bounding through his
I veins, carrying full joy with
I it. If you are not such a man
M as this, what has caused you
I to be puny? Excesses in
I youth, perhaps. But men
I often go to excess, too. Waste
I follows and a half man is the
I result. "Hudyan." the great
I remedio - treatment of the
j Mudsonian doctors, though,
I will maKe a manof you again
I if you are suffering from the
I effects of folly. It re-creates
I vital force and sends virility
3 to weaK' in 9 s - It nas done
1 this for2o,ooornen,and thou-
i sands of them were rrjore de-
I bilitated than you are to-day.
1 Send for absolutely free cir-
I culars and testimonials tell-
I ing you what it is and what
I it has done. Send for free
3 medical advice, too. In a
a month your friends won't
I Know you, aQd you will be
|j able to say again with truth I
Jam a man
Blood taint in all its forms is
cured by "30-day blood cure."
Circulars about it are free, too.
If you see any sign write and asK
for them. Watch loose teeth, cop-
per-colored spots, etc.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON. MARKET AND ELLIS ST3.,
Sen Franc icco, Cal.GRAHAM'S SACK BULGES
WITH SAN JOSE'S GOLD
LOOT OF THE
GARDEN CHI
STRONG BOX
School Trustee Lets
Contracts to Himself
Under an Alias.
Expose of Shameless Pilfering
tiy Which "Jim" Rea's Un
derlings Profit.
SAN JOSE. July 27.— The affairs of
the City Board of Education should be
given 'a thorough Investigation. Pur-
Ing the past month irregularities have
been discovered In bills allowed by the
Trustees. The public should insist upon
an open investigation and the Grand
Jury's attention ought to be called to
these acts.
Two of th» Trustees, M. J. Graham
from the Fourth Ward, and E. H.
Wemple from the Second ward, have
been drawing money from the school
department contrary to law. Trustee
Kenyon and ex-Trustee O'Brien knew
of it ;md consented. Trustees O'Nell
and Lang-ford had no hand in the pecu
lation, as they have been members of
.trd only about a month.
The principal culprit in this loot of
the city is Trustee Graham. Since Sep
tember 15, IS:<7, Graham has been re
ceiving $15 a month from the city for
the rent of a building for kindergarten
purposes in Cottage Grove. The bill is
made out in the name of J. N. White,
but each month Graham receives the
warrant and draws the money. No
man named J. N. White is known in
San Jose, and, further, no such indi
vidual has any interest in the buiid
in<? or the gTound on which the school
stands. The Assessor's roll shows that
the lot on which the Cottage Grove kin
dergarten is situated belongß to Mary
A. McDonald, a sister-in-law of Gra
ham. In the report given to the Asses
sor there is no record of any Improve
ments on the lot.
The story of the school shows the
crookedness of Trustee Graham and
certain members of the last Hoard of
Education. Previous to September 15
the Cottage Grove kindergarten was
hr.'j in the L'r.Jon Sunday school build
hieh the city paid a rental
of $12 50 a month. The people of Cot
taee Grove were satisfied with the lo
cation of the school. Graham and Miss
McDonald connived together and de
cided to erect a small cottage on the
latter's lot and rent it to the city for a
kindergarten. This action was not
taken, however, until Graham was sure
his associates would consent to the re
moval of the school. Then a cottage at
a cost of a little over $700 was erected.
The plans were such that It could eas
ily be turned into a dwelling 1 If Rome
future hoard should upset the project.
The Committee on School Houses.
Sites and Repairs— Kenyon, O'Brien
and Graham — decided to move the
6chool to Graham's building-, notwith
standing residents of Cottage Grove
Strongly protested against it. Not sat
isfied with inconveniencing the major
ity of the people of Cottage Grove, the
board allowed $2 50 a month more rent
(sls a month) than was paid for the
old .building.- This sum Graham has
drawn, with knowledge of other mem
bers of the old board, under the name
of J. N. White for nine and one-half
months. The Finance Committee
which audited the bill each month was
composed of Graham, Kenyon and
O'Brien. Thus it will be seen Graham
has be^n voting to allow this illegal
claim to hims-'lf. Th* matter is one
that should be laid before the Grand
Jury, and Graham should be ousted
from office and punished.
The City Charter strictly prohibits
any official of the city being parties to
contracts with the city.
Under the head of "Miscellaneous
Provisions," article 13, section 10, the
Charter says:
No member of the Common Council or
of any bnard, and no officer or employe
of said city while In oftice shall be or
become, directly or Indirectly. Interested
In any contract, work or business or In
the sale of any article, the expense,
price nr < consideration of which Is payable
from the treasury, nor shall either or any
of th<--m receive any gratuity or advan
t.-:pp from any contractor or person fur
nishing labor or material for the same.
The Ptate school law Is even clearer.
Article 21, KPctiun 1576, says:
No School Trustee or Bonrd of Educa
tion must be Interested in riny contract
m.'t'W- by the board of which he is a mem
her. ii'il any contract made in violation
of this provision is void.
Kfrnion 1870 of the same article pre
ea that "any officer so acting or
• inp must be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and on conviction be
punished by fine or Imprisonment and
be removed from office."
Trustee Graham is the avowed- agent
of "Boss" rtca In all school matters. He
It was who did thf dirty work in caus
ing the dismissal of Mrs. A. B. Clement
as Assistant Superintendent of Schools
The House on Which Trustee Graham Collects Rent
From the Cltu.
School Trustee M. J, Graham, alias J. N. White, of
San Jose,
and Professor L. R. Smith from the
High School. He came here a green
boy from Nebraska six years ago, and
obtained employment in the Mercury's
stereotyping room. Rea picked him up
and ran him for School Trustee In the
Fourth Ward, and since then the gang
and the gang organ have been back of
him in his culpable acts. One of Gra
ham's first moves after getting into
office was to install his wife. Mrs. Ella
Graham, as principal of the Emma
Marwedel Kindergarten at a salary of
$7.") a month. The following additional
list of Graham's relatives in the School
Department will show how the Rea
gang distributes patronage:
D. T. Bateman, a brother-in-law,
principal Lowell Grammar School, $120
a month.
Mary A. McDonald, a sister-in-law,
teacher in Lincoln Grammar School, $78.
Mary McDonald, sister-in-law, jan
itor Mr-Grew Kindergarten, $25.
Another irregular bill that should be
explained is on" of $12 15 allowed Sup
ervisor P. M. Stern, the harness maker,
in June, for furnishing matches, soap
and lamp chimneys to the School De
partment. Theso good? were bought
from Trustee Wemple and the bill put
in under Stern's name.
MENDOCINO STAGE
ROBBED BY BANDITS
Fell a Tree Across the Road and
Take the Treasure When the
Driver Goes for Aid.
I'KIAH, July 27.— The stage running
from this city to Mendocino was robbed
by t ho higliwavitien this morning at 1
o'clock. The liold-up took place near
Navarro. The robbers had felled a tr»e
across the road. Bert Curtis, the driver
left the stage and went to a farm house
for an ox with which to remove the ob
struction. When he returned the express
boxes had vanished. The amount secured
by the robbers Is unknown.
Thf robbers successfully covered up all
visible trace of tlioir presence. It Is said
a large amount of coin Was In transit
o77hVba n naHs W at Pr ' >SCnt tO the
PARDONS TWO* HUNDRED
POLITICAL PRISONERS
One of the Concluding Acts of the
Hawaiian Council of
State.
HONOLULU, July 20.-The. Council of
State met yesterday and pardoned more
than 200 prisoners, most of whom were
under sentence for taking par t inthe up
rising of 15,95. The men have had liuerty
3ft iffiS* n"n "' pardon restores 5*
CHICO PIONEER POISONED.
CHICO. July 27.-John Hupp, one of the
oldest residents ,>t Hftte County, died
this morning from strychnine poisoning
' ramps. Me was ai one time one of the
wealthiest miners and mill-owners In
Northern California and still owzied val
uable mines and a lumber mill on Butte
Creek. He leaves a widow and five chil-
Tragedy on Sherman Island.
STOCKTON, July 27—Meager partic
ulars were received this afternoon by
telephono from Antioch of the Blabbing
of Herman \\ reidt on Sherman Island last
b f l \ r V ty >l lf ! r: T' ; V', L Constable Sweeney
Delia Hughes, who were arrested for the
pending the arrival of the of
ficers from Sacramento, tho cdme having
been committed In that county. Sweeney
did not know the particulars, but he said
l . was believed the woman did the stab
bing. The wounded man was not a quar
relsome person. It is believed that the
man and the woman attempted to rob
Wreldt and he resisted. The wound is
believed to be fatal
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 28, 1898.
SETTLERS WILL
KEEP THE LAND
Southern Pacific Loses
Ejectment Suits.
DECISION OF A FRESNO JUDGE
LARGE WEST SIDE HOLDINGS
INVOLVED.
Railroad Company Fails to Oust
Ranchers From Lands for Which
They Had Received
Patents.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, July 27.— Judge Rlsley ren
dered an important decision 10-day in a
number of railroad suits. The suits were
instituted by the Southern Pacillc Com
pany against Isaac T. Bell and a large
number of others who had settled on
land on the west side and who were is
sued patents by the Government. Just
before the live years during which they
would have had peaceable and undis
puted possession would have expired the
railroad company began actions to con
test their right to the land and to eject
them therefrom if possible.
The suits came up before Judge Rls
ley to-day on demurrers interposed by
the defendants and the court sustained
the demurrers. This practically is a vic
tory for the defendants, as the points
raised by the demurrers went squarely
to the merits of the suits.
The history of the cases is an Interest
ing one. In 1866 the Government deeded
to the railroad companies every odd
quarter-section of land alo&g the route of
the road, extending a distance of twenty
miles on either side. The condition to the
grant was that the railroad company
Should have every other section which
Wits not occupied at the thne.
Some of the land which would fall to
the railroad company had been settled,
and what was known as an indemnity
grunt whs afterward made, giving the
company an additional strip of land ten
miles wide, In which the company might
select land to make up for the occupied
sections in the previous grant.
Subsequently, however, the Indemnity
grant was rescinded. After the indem
nity grant in this particular case was
withdrawn by the Government the defen
dants In the present litigation settled
upon It, complied with all the provisions
of the law appertaining to lillng upon
land, and patents were Issued to them by
the United States Government. The rail
road company now sues under the lndem
i.ity, claiming that the cancellation of the
indemnity grant was unconstitutional.
JAPANESE PRESS ON
UNCLE SAM'S SIDE
Favors Our Retention of the Philip-
pines and Di3likec the Preten
sions of Germany.
YOKOHAMA, July 27.— Discussing the
Philippines Question the Japanese press
generally favors the retention of the
islands by the United States. There
would be no objection to their transfer
to Great Britain. Japan's Interests, how
ever, forbids their passing into the hands
of Germany or of any othor Continental
power. In any event, the Japanese press
regards the scheme of an insurgent re
public In the Philippines as entirely Im
practicable.
SEVENTH CALIFORNIA
WILL GO TO MANILA
Decisive Announcement Made by
Secretary of War Alger in a
Telegram.
I.OS ANGELES, July 27.— Henry Gage
to-day received a telegram from Secre
tary of War Alger which stated positively
that the Seventh Regiment, California
Volunteers, would go to Manila.
"The Seventh will go as soon as the
transport for it can be secured," the tele
gram says.
It was sent in response to a telegram
from Mr. Gage to Secretary Alger.
To Make Esquimalt Impregnable.
VICTORIA, B. C. July 27.— The War
Department is quietly but with all pos
sible speed making arrangements for In
creasing the fortifications at Epquimalt,
the ultimate intention being the absorp
tion of the entire peninsula upon which
the fort is located, and, according to a
naval authority, to make at the southern
corner of Vancouver Island a supply de
pot as Impregnable as Gibraltar.
AGNEWS INQUIRY
CAUSES HALE AND
GOULD TO SQUIRM
Unpleasant F^evelatior>s Made to
the State Commission in
LuQacy.
SAN JOSE, July 27.— Neither Czar
Gould nor Director Hale are happy
over what was developed before the
State Commission In Lunacy yesterday.
In some mysterious way the dictator
of the Agnews State Hospital learned
that Director White had told the com
mission some unpleasant truths about
how Gould managed, by broken prom
ises, unholy alliances with persons of
antagonistic political faith and treach
ery to his own party, to obtain more
than his proportion of the patronage
of the Institution.
Director Hale is uncomfortable over
the knowledge that Director Upham
stated before the oommission that the
asylum was run by a "ring" and that
Hale was a member of it. Hale does
not like the appellation "ringster."
Neither does he take kindly to the
Governor's well-intended and ' jocular
remarks made before an amused audi
ence at the asylum yesterday. Said the
Governor:
"Your turn will come soon, old
smoothy. We will have you in and we
will try to take some of that smooth
ness out of you. Say, I will wager that
if Hale were to run for Governor and
he were given nix months' time, ho
would have the vote of every man in
the State."
It was learned to-day that within the
past few weeks Gould obtained — or,
rather, ordered — the appointment of
two additional employes at the asylum,
thus bearing out the claim that he has
been persistently engaged in filling the
institution with his proteges. The ap
pointees are Harry Conner of San Jose
and Mr. Biggy of San Francisco, a son
of Senator Biggy.
It is likely that the investigation of
the charges against T. T. Tourtillot and
Mrs. Madisran will be concluded to
morrow without the examination of ad
NOBLEMEN IN
HOOLEY'S PAY
Exchanged Prestige for
Golden Coin.
CONFESSION OF PROMOTER.
HIRED LORDS TO TAKE PLACES
IN HIS COMPANIES.
Heavy Payments to London News
papers for "Puffs" Intended to
Work TJpon the
Credulous.
Speclal Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, July 27.— The public exami
nation in the bankruptcy court f to-day
into the affairs of Ernest Terrah Hooley,
the company promoter, for whose prop
erty, on his own application, a receiver
was appointed on July 23, attracted a big
crowd. The debtor attributed his failure
chiefly to his partner, a man named
Rucker, he crippling the business by
drawing out £600,000 within two months.
In detailing the flotation of the Dunlop
Tire Company, Mr. Hooley said the names
on the directorate cost between £80,000
and £100,000, Including those of L*>rd Al
bemarle, £12,000, and Eari Delawarr,
£2C,000.
In connection with the flotation, Mr.
Hooley also said he lost £62,000 on "press
calls," these being shares Intended for
people connected with newspapers, whose
names have not been divulged, though it
is expected they will be made public
later.
In the course of his testimony Mr. Hoo
ley detailed the payments he made to tho
newspapers, including, as alleged, the
Pall Mall Gazette, the Financial Post and
a number of smaller papers, When Mr.
Hooley was questioned about £10,000
paid to Harry Marks, editor of the Fi
nancial News, he denied that it was con
nected with the insertion of "puffs" in
the paper named.
As a matter of fact, the supposed profit
of the flotation of the Dunlop Tire Com
pany, amounting to £1.700,000, had been
"sweated" away to under £200,000.
Mr. Hooley further asserted that he
paid many thousands of pounds for intro
ductions to Lords Ashburton, Warwick.
Norbury and others, and he testified that
the Earl of Winchelsea received $10,000
for acting as chairman of one of the bi
cycle tube manufacturing concerns.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dr. Meyers' Electric Belt \
J I
Makes weak men strong. It required many years to perfect o
this ; wonderful electrical appliance, but the desired results have «
been obtained and ten thousand men in all walks of life bless, «
the day this eminent physician and electrical scientist gave them <*
"new vitality. Dr. Meyers Electric Belt imparts the life-giving 3
power to the human system according to the laws of nature. «
It restores complete or partial loss of vita! force without injuring .£
the nerves, builds up the entire system rapidly and permanently 5
and leaves the patient in a robust condition in every particular. 3
THIRTY DAYS' FREE TRIAL BEFORE BUYING. |
'Dr. Meyers personally examines ( — '.. .... -..;,. — •■ - ,, — — — °
each applicant and carefully se- f^Tj SNVT^r 1111^ ' ■
lects a belt having the required , JtOI ffilNjy^ J6[ if? P(3> .• S
strength to cure that particular in- B^^^^^r¥^^il^l3 KS
• dividual. If electricity will not cure fw^S^f ' - ~'^ffi/\^: -:ty^lll 3
the patient he will be so informed /^PPfjT '*s^^^¥^^^<S fllL 3
and that ends the transaction. If BB^^2T^pa*^^ : r '^#IPI 3
a belt will effect a cure the in- Kp^^^^^l"-^.;'''- - V'f 3
tending purchaser may take one . ■;^fflti^»V~^^^^fe^^ : iTvl^'| W °<
■ and ' wear it a month on trial be- yW^^^^^^^i^^'-'Qi^ ?>~^ ' f^" 3
fore making a payment. If the ' ,^|^^^|gß^w^g|M V 3
belt does not prove satisfactory it w J^^r^T^" "*"'*". v'^^Kjeq 3
may be returned at the end of 30 If Miki^^SPPi MfitflTS °
days without cost or expense to mn>a»f** tbb■*■ . , M
the wearer. ... -.- ■ ... ,~ ; : ~ »
DR. MEYERS, 731 MARKET ST., SAN FRANCISCO. I
; OFFICE HOURS-- 8 to 12, 1 to 6 daily; Evenings, 7 to 8: Sundays," 9 to 11. «
.Mail Orders a*. Specialty. Correspondence ■ Solicited. .-;.;' : ....-., ' *t>{
dltlonal witnesses. To-day Charles L.
Williams submitted the names of soms
important witnesses to Chairman Cur
novv with the request that he have
them subpenaed but Curnow declared
that Williams would have to look afu.-r
the attendance of any witnesses he
wanted.
What Gould cannot get by direct
means he manages to get by indirect
ones. One of the plums of the institu
tion is the position of matron. Gould
has had, according to general report
and by the admission of some of the
members of the board, Miss I^ouise
Bambauer, his Merced importation,
slated for this position. She stands
fourth on the list of those w-ho took the
civil service examination for the posi
tion of matron, but that is apparently
an insignificant fact with Gould. No
appointment has yet been made to fill
the vacancy created by the forced
resignation of Miss Royse, but Miss
Bambauer has been appointed to the
place temporarily under the Instruc
tions of Gould.
It was not generally known until to
day that this temporary appointment
carries with it not only the honors and
responsibilities of the position, but the
salary also. This is, however, a fact,
and Miss Bambauer has been draw
ing the salary of matron ever since her
appointment. Under these circum
stances it is not probable that any
haste will bdfmade to have the board
make a regflar appointment to the
position, and thus the issue of the civil
service examinaiton will be evaded.
To-morrow will probably see the cc-n
clusion of the examination of members
of the Agrnews board of managers be
fore the State Commission in Lunacy.
The testimony given by them before the
commission will then be made public,
according to the statement of Governor
Budd. It is believed that the records
will contain much of an interesting, if
not a sensational, nature.
The testimony is creating even more of
a flutter in the west end of London than
in the city proper. The revelations con
cerning such men as Earl Delawarr
and the Earl of Albemarln have
been received with astonishment. Nu
merous Instances were disclosed by Mr
Hooley in which a peer bearing a proud
title would charge the promoter a sum
ranging from £500 to £2000 for an intro
duction to another peer. Thus, Mr. Hoo
•l&w. said. Earl Delawarr received
*»oo for an introduction to Lord Gre
ville, while Lord Dferhurst fwho mar
ried Miss Bonynge of San Francisco) was
paid .£2OOO for an introduction to Lord
Ashburton.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Prospects for River and Harbor Im-
provements — Vacancy That Is
Only Temporary — Pensions.
WASHINGTON. July 27.— The reports
of Colonel Suter, Major Heuer and Major
Lewis on improvements of rivers and
harbors in California have been received
by the War Department. Surveys of the
Sacramento and Feather rivers have been
completed, but owing to the fact that the
engineers and draftsmen engaged In the
work had to be taken away on account
of the present war, they are somewhat
lncomnlete. The board had six meetings
only to consider matters submitted by the
Commissioner of Public Works. It is be
lieved by the board that the unexpended
balance of $50,481, together with the $280,
000, will be sufficient to maintain fairly
good navigation until June 30. 1900. They
estimate the amount for completing work
on Oakland harbor at $521,000, and the
amount to be used between now and 1900
$130,000. For the Napa and MoKelumno
rivers there Is balance enough on hand to
be used until 1900. They estimate that the
completion of work on Humbolo Bay will
cost $143,000 additional and $20,000 on the
San Joaquin River.
Commander Bradford, chief of the Bu
reau of Equipment, says that if the va
cancy in the Branch Hydrographic Of
fice at San Francisco should »»« filled it
would be but temporarily, as the officer
heretofore In charge has been detailed
for duty at Manila, and will be restored
to his former position when his services
In tho Philippines are concluded. All va
cancies of this character w..l be filled but
temporarily if at all.
Pacific Coast pensions have been grant
ed as follows:
California: t'r'^inal — Charles Meypr,
dead. San Francisco. $12: Robert M. Se
bastian, dead. Los Angeles. »,2 (20 years'
service): Charles Thompson. Vallejo,
$21 50. Original widow, etc.— Fannie Ast
bury. San Francisco. $8.
Oregon: Original— Charles Hickethler,
Cedar Mills. $fi. Additional— Louis Ben
ningor. Isabel. $6 to $S.
Washington: Original— Cnarles G. Se
mon, Spokane, $6; Melchisedec Harm.
Kelso, $6. Increase — Thomas C. Naylor
Wildwood. $6 to $8.
G. C. Church of San Francisco is at the
St. James.
American Force Near Manznnillo.
HAVANA. July 27.— Latest dispatches
from Manzanillo state that an Ameri
can force is encamped at Calicto, near
that city.
ADVEBTISEMENtfS.
From the COUNTLESS BARGAINS in STYLISH and ELEGANT
FABRICS that are drawing such crowds to our great HALF-PRICE
SALE of DRESS GOODS AND SILKS we make A SPECIAL OFFER-
ING of the following attractive lines
trz r 2000 yards FOLD TARLATAN PLAIDS, worth 25c;
IvJls W ill be sold at 15c per yard.
r 1800 yards BROCADED MOHAIR SUITINGS, 39 inches wide,
£, JK, regularly sold for 50c; placed on special sale at 25c per yard.
Kft f 1500 yards FANCY SILK AND WOOL SUITINGS, 3S inches
vJVfC wide, splendid value for $1 per yard; will be closed out at 50c
per yard.
TCp 1500 yards FANCY MIXED SUITINGS, 39 inches wide, extra
£'*■**-> value for 50c; will be sold at 25c per yard.
CA f , 3000 yards EXTRA FINE ALL-WOOL HENRIETTA CLOTH,
44 inches wide, regular value $1; offered for 50c per yard.
SILKS! SMS! SILKS!
Cr| r 3000 yards 19-INCH TAFFETA in fine variety of colors, worth
vJVrL. 75 C anc j 85 C; -win be closed out at 50c yard.
(Dl flfl 2500 yards 27-INCH TAFFETA in plain and changeable effects,
q3l«W wort h Ji 50; will be closed out at $1 yard.
7K r 3500 ,yards RHADAME SATIN in a good line of colors, extra
/ vJv* heavy quality, former price $1 50; will be closed out at 75c yard.
7C r 2000 yards of COLORED FAILLE FRANCAISE AND BENGA-
■ Jl* LINE, suitable for street wear, worth $1 50; will be closed out
at 75c yard.'
CA r 5000 yards of EVENING SILKS in the following colors: Pink,
vJvri, blue, cream, pearl and lavender; former price $1 25; will be
closed out at 50c yard.
REMNANTS AND DRESS LENGTHS of SILKS
AND DRESS GOODS AT HALF PRICE.
[Flf Market; Jones and McAllister Sts., /
\r \r San Francisco. /
DAWSON
CITY
And Yukon River Points.
Direct Connection via ST. MICHAEL.
Elegant Steel Steamship
LEELANAW
300 Passengers; Capacity. 3000 Tons Freight.
SAILING AUGUST 4th.
Freight to St. Michael $15 per ton.
Apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
Liebes Building. 139 POST ST. i
"Several years ago I was troubled with an aggravated case of
dyspepsia and, of course, the first thing I did was to consult a physi-
cian. As I had always enjoyed the best of health I was worried a good
deal over this, my first illness, and my only desire was to get well as
speedily as I could. I took regularly all the medicines as my doctor
prescribed them. In a short time I felt all right, thought I was cured
and stopped taking the medicine. But it wasn't long before I was feel-
ing as badly as ever, and again I had recourse to the doctor. This
kept up for some time until at last I made up my mind I would quit
doctoring and try some of the remedies I saw advertised. 1 had read
so much of Ripans Tabules that I concluded I would give them
a good trial. It said ' one would give relief,' and I thought if one
could give relief a whole lot might cure me. I purchased a dollar's
worth, and when I had finished them I was feeling better than I had
for years. I continued to use them, and to-day I believe I am a per-
fectly well man. Once in a great while Ido have a slight touch of
the old malady, but a single Tabule fixes it all right i generally
keep a supply at home."
l§§l4 Inches
yj^^i ;V v FROM THE EYES
«K?|S# IS THE NATURAL READING
if distance Nearer or Further
15 abnormal and Heeds investigation
CALL and SEE US
OPTICIANS T^toOßA^/
~^> 642 Market St. <*«-
UI^DER CHRONICLE
fgfflJDß. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
PKtjJßEij Five hundred reward for any caas
3HB Vmx we cannot cure. This secret remedy
j Hi Ftops all losses In 24 > hours, cure*
Eer EniiFslons, Impotcncy, Varicocele,
ffifj *n\t Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits. Stricture*.
' WiM lijf'A Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
gtjj'j R?y' 1 feet- 3 of eelf-abuse or excesses. Sent
K>: ""~T . . ! pealed. %2 bottle; 3 bottles. »5, guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also
for sale at 1073% Market St.. S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for (re« book.
■ f n 1 it 1 - I 1 wmfc Mliia 11 ifi I
56
THURSDAY JULY 28, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St».. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868. B9Q
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stev«n»on Strett
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) I*
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding town*
for 15 cents a w««k- By marl $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL... On* y«ar, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 11 _- 906 Broadway
KEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative-.
'WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri£A» Houm
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S, Advertising Representative.
IRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
O'clock- 615 LarK'n street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 A\ark«t
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
•treet. open urjtl. 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second an«
Kentucky street*, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENT*
Columbia— "A Gallant Surrender."
Alcaiar— -East Lynne
Morocco's— "The Two Orphans"
Tlvoli— "The Bcgvar Student."
Orpheum —Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 613-pound Man.
Olympla-Corcer Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
i-utro'B Baths— Swimming.
El Campo— Music, danolnf.boMtnr, fishing, every Sunday.
Excursion to Srnta Cruz— Sunday, July 31.
AUCTION SALtS.
By Frank W. Butterfield-ThlB day. July 28. Groceries and
Wine's, at 1501 Powell street at 1! o clock. ..
By H. J. Ltutholtz-Friaay. July 21, Candy Store, at 952 Market
street, at 11 o clock. ___^__^___^^^^_^^^_
STORM CENTER OF MAGUIREiSM.
A CAREFUL analysis of Democratic events
and their causes thus far in the campaign in
dicate that the storm center of Maguireism in
this State is located somewhere in the vicinity of
Tulare. The Maguire idea originated in resolutions
passed by the County Committee of that county.
Thereupon Chairman Alton! of the State Committee,
who hails from Tulare, came north and appointed a
committee of nine to settle factional difficulties in this
city This committee surmounted all obstacles by ap
pointing a committee of one hundred and investing it
with full power to act.
Thus it will be perceived that Maguireism took its
root in Tulare, whence it has rapidly spread
throughout the State. Although Mr. Alford sought
to cover the tendrils with soil by passing through the
State Committee a declaration that the committees j
of nine and one hundred had been created only in the !
people's interest, they have since appeared upon the
tee. The latter committee has adopted a resolu- I
tion pledging its faith to Maguire, and a sub
committee has decided to appoint 154 delegates from
city in the interest of the Congressman's am-
The ITulare County tail may thus be said to be wag
.ging the Democratic California dog. Party inspira
tion having been obtained from that region, of course
it was eminently proper that political action should
start in the same quarter. But it may with consider
able propriety be asked, What interest has Tulare
County in the gubernatorial aspirations of Judge
Maguire? The county is agricultural in character.
Do the farmers of Tulare desire the adoption of the
single tax theory? It ought not to be necessary to
remind them that that theory contemplates placing all
the burdens of maintaining the Government on land.
Judge Maguire's idea is to destroy the fee-simple and
compel landowners to hold their estates subject to the
demands of the tax eaters.
• I >r, perhaps the farmers of Tulare desire to pro
m< te the ancient feud of the Democracy with the
Southern Pacific Company. But if they do why are
they furthering Maguire's gubernatorial aspirations?
Huntington's funding scheme will not come before
the California Legislature. If their purpose is to
thwart the multifarious schemes of the railroad mag
nate, the farmers of Tulare. instead of putting up a
job to appoint a convention for the nomination of
Judge Magnire as Governor, should petition that gen
tleman to continue in Congress.
On the whole we see no reason why Tulare County
should be the storm center of Maguireism. Yet the
facts of the Democratic situation indicate that it is.
There are many saloons in this town at which a
copy of the Bulletin is given to each buyer of a drink.
Leaving aside the fact that this is a pretty mean trick
to play on a man who may be under the influence of
liquor, there is a natural curiosity to know whether
the twilight journalists count these gift enterprise
copies when they are making up a list of circulation
to which to swear.
Birdie Sanders of Idaho, a teacher, was attacked by
three men and, drawing a pistol, sent two to the
morgue and the other to the hospital. That young
woman ought to be able to teach the young idea how
. to shoot all right.
Since the man who shot Soapy Smith has followed
him. owing to wounds inflicted by the dying gambler,
it can only be hoped that Soapy has been so thor
oughly reformed that there will be no renewal of the
.trouble between them.
Confidence in General Sh.ilter is so well established
that when he calls the Governor of Santiago a pre
suming rascal there will be no doubt but that is ex
actly what the Governor is.
Possibly young Leiter had $5,000,000 worth of fun
out of his little wheat experiment, but his father had
the bill to pay. and it is not easy to see where the old
man's fun came in.
Cubans are pleading for self-government, but the
best way for them to get it is to prove that there is
something to them besides appetite.
According to Sagasta Spaniards "die but never
surrender." For the first word read "lie" and a flood
of light is thrown on the situation.
Rumors are heard that Cervera intends to go to
Boston to live. Perhaps he feels boun>- to do pen
ance for having lost his fleet.
Captain Sampson of the navy has met no Delilah
" with shears, but a number of people seem to be after
him with knives.
■ .• Correspondents who are trying to stir up trouble in
Cuba ought to be given space in a cemetery at regular
rates.
With California boys at the front, this State regards
Manila as good as a fallen city right now.
GOULD (\S (\ KfILSOMINE ARTIST.
AS a whitewash expert there is probably none
rising superior to Frank H. Gould. He
realizes the necessity of a coating to hide the
real character of himself and his associates, and with
lavish hands he daubs it on. To knock off a few
flakes of the deceptive exterior becomes a duty, and
if some skin peel with it the fault is Gould's.
The Agnews investigation has gone far enough to
demonstrate the purpose dishonest, the method far
cical, and the result, all arranged in advance, to be
the inevitable glossing over of faults so grave that
they have made the asylum reek with scandal. At
taches are afraid to speak. Outsiders are not per
mitted to tell what they know. The fear of Gould has
closed the mouths of subordinates, and the creatures
of Gould aid him in keeping silent those who would
be glad to speak. The way in which the investiga
tion is being hampered is in itself a plea of guilty.
Were the institution run honestly and properly, the
personnel respectable, everybody concerned would be
eager to have the fullest light turned upon its internal
affairs. Instead of this, those against whom charges
have been brought assume the role of witnesses,
judge, jury and prosecutor. It could hardly be ex-
pected under these circumstances that the truth would
be encouraged. Gould sloshes into the whitewash
bucket, and, as far as his brush can reach, plasters
his environment with the bogus emblem of purity.
Doubtless Sponogle. a man of ill repute, and the
weakling associates of Gould will emerge from the
ordeal snowy as alabaster images, walking monu
ments of virtue.
Gould has a faculty for holding office. He is the
gentleman who recently made report to Governor
Budd on the condition of building and loan associa
tions, and afterward made a second report for publi
cation, conflicting with the first, explaining that the
first came from him as an official, and the second as
an individual. Here is a delicate distinction. Either
the official or the individual did something which
either the official or the individual had no right to do.
Just where the two entities merge is known only to
Gould, and while he is in the whitewash line he would
better give each of them a dab.
It was Gould who while Speaker of the Assembly
in 1893 presented a bill for services at $18 per day,
which an honest Controller did not let him get. A
member of the Assembly is allowed $8 a day and the
Speaker $10. According to Gould's figures he was
entitled to both salaries, and he had the nerve to
press the claim even after it had once been thrown
out. His course is now easy to understand. That
was only another instance of his dual existence. If he
can be an officer and an individual, neither entity
having anything in common with the other, surely
he could be an Assemblyman and a Speaker, two dis
tinct personalities, but with one pocket. However,
the record does not look well, and a coating of white
wash is needed there, too, if any be left when the
Agnews comedy is over. Imagine such other Speakers
as Frank L. Coombs or Morris M. Estee trying so
knavish a trick.
In the news columns the shameful tale of Agnews
has been told. The conditions prevailing there are
a reproach to the State. There is no disposition oji
the part of Gould to clean out the place; it would
be hara-kiri. A cleaning would oust his brother and
other friends, bounce Sponogle and Hale and leave
Gould himself standing pensively outside the walls
and marveling what had struck him. Governor
Budd has devoted much time to State institutions,
particularly those having to do with the care of the
poor and afflicted. He owes it to himself now to
devote special attention to Agnews. If he desires to
go from office with honor he will have to see that
Gould and the Gould gang go first.
SfIMPSON'S REPORT.
SAMPSON'S report of the destruction of the
Spanish fleet off Santiago was well worth all
the space it occupied in the news of the day,
and all the time given by the public in reading it.
While it added nothing to what was already known of
the conflict, it possessed the peculiar eloquence that
ever lies in the words of those who "speak with
authority." It was official, and in the sedate language
of a formal document confirmed every essential detail
given by more picturesque and glowing writers of
the great victory.
Some regret will be felt that the rear admiral did
not in his report give special mention and honor to
Commodore Schley, who was in actual command of
the squadron during the battle. This would have been
the more graceful on his part because in reporting to
the admiral the commodore had said: "I congratulate
you most sincerely upon this great victory of the
squadron under your command." The opportunity
thus afforded for an interchange of congratulations
was so good that a mistake was made when the ad
miral allowed it to pass without profiting by it.
Californians will note with proud satisfaction that
our home-built battleship, the Oregon, receives from
the admiral higher praise than that accorded to any
other ship in the fleet. In narrating the events of the
fight as they occurred, the report says: "The Brook
lyn and the Texas had at the start the advantage of
position, and the Brooklyn maintained this lead until
the Oregon, steaming with amazing speed from the
commencement of the action, took first place."
Later on, in summing up the performances of the
various vessels and awarding due praise to each, the
admiral says: "The fine speed of the Oregon enabled
her to take a front position in the chase, and the
Cristobal Colon did not give up until the Oregon had
thrown a thirteen-inch shell beyond her. This per
formance adds to the already brilliant record of this
fine battleship and speaks highly of the skill and care
with which her admirable efficiency has been main
tained during a service unprecedented in the history
of vessels of her class."
There was nothing invidious in this praise given to
the ship that so fitly represents the ship-building
work of the Pacific Coast. That it was merited and
deserved has been attested by all who watched the
fight intelligently. In fact every report that has been
made of the battle has given special honor to the
Oregon, and the official report of the admiral has
done no more than confirm the glorious records of
her performances in the action that have been al
ready published.
The admiral's report was' accompanied by the re
ports made to him by the various commanding offi
cers of the fleet. All of these are documents which
our people can read with a justly founded pride. It
is notable that the commanders without exception
speak in highest praise of their seamen and give to
these unnamed heroes full credit for their share of the
great victory. Captain E%'ans (Fighting Bob) sums
up their conduct in a characteristic phrase: "So long
as the enemy showed his flag they (the crew) fought
like American seamen, but when the flag came down
they were as gentle and as tender as American
women." Courage in action and generosity in vic
tory could go no further, nor the highest chivalry be
better exemplified.
Why did the Post announce that the ex-Queen h
a victim of cancer? There are so many truths to tell
that fiction seems superfluous.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, JULY 28, 1898.
THE NEED OF FOREST PROTECTION.
THE Brooklyn Eagle refers in somewhat severe
terms to the destruction of Western forests, even
in the Federal reservations, as a result of with
drawing troops to serve in a foreign war. We are
glad that the interest of the whole country in the
forests of a part of it is receiving attention, even
though the treatment of it may be partial and incom
plete.
The forests of a country are perhaps its most im
portant and valuable physical feature. They bear a
relation to the precipitation and distribution of that
moisture upon which the fertility of the soil de
pends, for which, in the regions which they dominate,
there is no possible substitute. Their destruction is an
artificial interference with the ways of nature, which
is sure of punishment, in a dehydrated soil and a loss
of fertility.
This statement of the relation of forests to fertility
has been contradicted by some superficial observers,
who cite the prairie States of the Upper Mississippi
Valley as an example of the non-concurrence of for
ests with moisture and fertility.
The contradiction is only apparent and is not real.
Those prairie regions differ in their physical features
from the region of high plateaus, mountains and val
leys west of the hundredth meridian.
In the prairie country nature provided a substitute
for the forests as an agent in the collection and dis
tribution of moisture. The prairie States have but
few altitudes greater than 600 feet. In their primitive
\ condition they were threaded by sloughs, drainage
j channels with but little fall, where the shed waters
j moved but slowly, and evaporation during most of the
year was not rapid. Here accumulated a vegetable
mold many feet in depth from the roots and the de
cay of the hummock grasses, which held water like
a sponge. These sloughs were reinforced by swamps,
marshes, ponds and small lake?, all serving as catch
ment basins for the rainfall, and most of them de
i fended against evaporation by the overgrowing
; grasses.
The moisture for the whole region evaporates from
the surface of the great lakes, from Superior to Erie.
Falling upon the prairie watersheds, this moisture
found its way to the natural catchment basins and
! supplied local evaporation, in the hot summer, for the
I seasonable thunderstorms by which it was distributed
to moisten the crust of the earth, refresh growing
crops and find its way to storage in the clay subsoil
to be drawn up by capillary attraction, and to give life
to the deep roots of trees. Within a quarter of a cen
tury grew up a rage for draining these sloughs,
swamps, marshes, ponds and lakes. Congress un
wisely passed "swamp land" laws, which permitted
the cheap alienation to private ownership of these
; natural catchment basins. They are now plowed
', fields, underlaid with drain tile. The spongy character
■ of the soil, so well calculated for retaining water, has
i been destroyed by cultivation. The usual percentage
of moisture, derived directly from the great lakes,
! falls every year, but finch no resting-place. It is
drained quickly through the former catchment basins,
goes speedily into the watercourses which have be
] come torrential, and passes down them destructively,
: deepening their narrowing channels, and is lost to
i its former useful purpose of supplying the summer
j showers and being by them distributed for moistening
! the crust of the earth. The melancholy results are
| beginning to appear. Along the watercourses, and for
! a considerable distance on each side, there were for
merly fine bodies of timber. On the river benches, or
intervales, this timber consisted of willow, cotton
wood, linn, sycamore and soft maple. Next there
were fine growths of white and black walnut,
white and black ash, hackberry and hickory.
Then on the clay hills were found white, black, red,
burr and pin oak, shagbark hickory and hard maple,
among which lumbermen recognized the most valu
able hardwoods on the continent.
These riparian forests have been too indiscrim
inately cut away and wantonly destroyed. But what
fire and ax spared is being rapidly swept away by
drainage of the sloughs and natural storage reser
voirs. The failure in distribution of moisture from
them has dried the crust of the earth so that all trees
of the hickory family, the genus Carya, are dying.
They are tap root trees, and, the earth having dried
out below their roots, they get no moisture and dis
appear. So far the trees which spread their roots
near the surface manage to live on the small quantity
of moisture supplied by direct precipitation, but their
doom will come soon or late.
In that prairie region, then, we see that drainage
j of natural reservoirs is in all respects equivalent to
I the deforestation of a timbered region, and that it car
! ries with it a gradual destruction of the tree-producing
capacity of the soil, which naturally bore timber, just
as in the timbered region successive fires destroy that
capacity.
This whole subject of nature's way of lifting mois
ture by evaporation from the bosom of the lakes and
seas, carrying it inland on the winds in certain sea
sons when their direction was favorable and there
storing it, either in soil sheltered by forests or in
; sloughs, swamps and marshes, either to be distributed
! by percolation into streams from which it might be
artificially diverted for irrigation, or by the same
means lifted up for distribution by the varying winds
of summer when the great currents from their orig
inal source have ceased, is of fascinating interest to
] the student of physical economics. It requires to be
! studied and that the conclusions reached be practically
: applied, or our fertile regions will one day be as blear
as the sands that drift over the ruins of Persepolis,
where —
Commander Wainwright is not a handsome man.
This fact is a pleasing relief. There is a photographic
fad for making all naval officers almost too pretty to
do anything but sit before a camera in their best
clothes.
The gentlemen who sent from Washington mis
information that the various States were not re
sponding to the second call for soldiers should now
be sending a series of apologies to the various States.
Perhaps it will comfort little King Alphonse, now
wrestling with a dose of measles, to learn that several
gentlemen at our own Camp Merritt have had a sim
ilar experience.
There will be no surprise at additional evidence
that the Oregon is the best battle-ship in the navy.
It was built with the idea of being something of the
kind.
*
If people who are certain there will be a great
opening at Manila would only go there and fall into
it, one of the horrors of war would be mitigated.
California has, turned out the best battleship in the
navy, but believes that a better one is a possibility,
and that it ought to be named California.
It is strange that Sampson could be near any en
gagement and escape getting his bump of caution
struck.
"The lion and the lizard keep
The courts where Jamshyd
gloried and drank deep."
VALMORE'S WONDERFUL VOICE.
THERE is In this city at present a
young man who is billed In large
letters "The Human Brass Band."
The gift he has is unique, its cul-
tivation wholly self-taught. There
are others able to Imitate one or two in
struments, but this young man imitates
them all. With equal facility he is the
bassoon, making the air tremulous with
the depth of notes which seems below any
possible range of the voice, and the next
instant he gives the quivering melody of
the violin, rising higher and higher, true
as if drawn by a bow in the hands of a
master.
Valmore is the most unassuming of
mortals. He is rather under the average
size, a decided blonde, with a suggestion
of strawberry tint. In conversation hl3
voice is light and delicate. There is noth
ing about its apparent quality to indi
cate its wondrous range and power. Val
more cannot explain the source of his
strange faculty. He simply knows that
he has it, and is making the most of it.
He is one of a family of sixteen, and
neither his brothers nor sister share with
him in any measure the tendency to be
a brass band. While yet a boy he real
ized that he could reproduce sounds, and
in his school days often did so for the
amusement of his playmates, who would
erect a tent, charging a pin for admission,
and under the tent Valmore would be the
entire show. As he grew older the de
sire to imitate various instruments as well
Sawing Wood Comes Easy.
as vocal peculiarities grew stronger, and
he practiced it, with no thought of going
on the stage until five years ago. At
that time he became a professional, and
his success has bees mark.-. 1. He is now
under engagement for a three years' tour
abroad.
As interesting as Valinore Is on the
stage he Is seen and heard to best ad
vantage among his friends. To them he
gives some exhibitions in which he does
not yet regard himself as sufficiently per
fected to try on the public. As In rapid
succession he accomplishes feats of vo
cal gymnastics which excite marvel, he
explains how' he has tried and. retried
certain acts or how the idea came to him.
He has that absolute lack of self-con
sciousness which is the truest modesty,
and achievements which cause astonish
ment to the witnesses appear to him to
be a matter of course. "Oh, I'll do better
than that," he says, "after a little more
practice."
On a recent overling after the regular
performance Valmore met a few ac
quaintances, and that he afforded them a
delightful hour any of them will attest.
He did not confine, himself to musical
subjects, for the first imitation was that
of the phonograph. There was the pre-
He Mimics the Phonograpf).
llminary "buzz-z" and the whirr, followed
by the squeaky voice which is only
heard in this mechanism, and then the
sudden click announcing the end of the
message. One listening with closed eyes
would have sworn to having listened to
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
GERMAN— Reader. City. German is
taught In the cosmopolitan schools of tne
Public School Department of San Fran-
TWO CANALS— J. 8., City. Both the
Panama and the Nicaragua canals have
had considerable work done on them, but
work is suspended on each at this time.
THE HEIGHT-L. A. W., City. The
height of the Capitol building at Sacra
mento, Cnl.. IB 240 feet. The height of the
Claus Spreckels building is 327 feet.
VISITING GERMANY— lnquirer, Sau
salito, Cal. If a native of Germany leaves
his country after having performed mili
tary service or has received a certificate
permitting him to emigrate, and subse
quently becomes a citizen of the United
States, he can return to his native coun
try at any time after having acquired
ciilzenship without fear of molestation
from the Germany Government. If he
left his country witnout having per
formed military service, and becomes a
citizen of the United States, he may, in
time of peace, return and visit hia native
country for a period not exceeding four
months, by courtesy of the German Gov
ernment, but if he overstays that time he
is liable to arrest and impessment in the
army.
PHILIPPINE ISLANDS— F. H., San
Jose, Cal. "When the Americans take
charge of the Philippines some intelligent
man will make a survey of the islands
and tell Uncle Sam how many there
are In his new possession. At this time
it is impossible to state positively how
the real thing, so complete was the Illu
sion. He imitated the clamor of a dog
fight, wherein canines of every degree
barked and snarled. He became a saw
and the rending of the wood was exact
ly the noise made by the genuine opera
tion. Then he gave 'he grunt of a pig,
carrying it through the various stages,
VALMORE, the Vocal Prodigy.
and reaching: the climax which may he
obtained by kicking a porker in the short
ribs. Several gentlemen who in earlier
days had been farmers were observed to
look under their chairs. They thought
somebody had smuggled a pig into the
apartment.
All this, however, was merely strange.
It did not rlae to the dignity of being ar
tistic. Hut when Valmore essayed the
reproduction of music his success was
none the less marked, and it was thor
oughly artistic. He gave the Intermezzo
from "Cavalleria Etaatlcana," a beautiful
melody, and he gave it with the utmost
ton.- faithfulness. He seemed to be play
ing now the 'cello, now the violin, and
again there would be the two, their notes
merging in harmony. Yet the whole ef
fort was vocal, the chords with which
Valmore's throat swell doing it all. He
was In turn a cornet and a bagpipe, a
calliope and a banjo. All at once he be
came by mysterious transition, which
seemed easy to him. a whole circus band.
He was drum and horn and clashing
cymbal. The spirited "time" brought to
each a vision of the sawdust ring and the
spreading canvas of youth. When he
Violin Solo Witf)out a Violin.
added to the programme the hula-hula,
as played on the concertina, everybody
felt an Impulse to danre.
One of the most difficult fpats of the
evening was an imitation of a vocal quar
tet. There were the four separate parts
In their proper relation, and then the
four blent into one as the supposed sing
ers joined in a swelling chorus. In this
effort the power and volume of Yalmore's
voice was demonstrated notably. He
seemed- to sing with the force of four
strong singers, and at no point did he do
violence to the laws of harmony.
Nevertheless he does not claim to be a
singer, and asserts that his sole accom
plishment in this direction is in repro
ducing what somebody else has done.
They set a pattern; he does the rest. He
takes pride in doing it well. No subter
ranean basso can baffle him, and with
equal ease he can pursue a tenor beyond
the spires. Nothing in his natural voice
would indicate the least talent in the for
mer direction, a fact which renders the
truth all the more amazing.
"Oh, no," said Valmore, "I never get
tired. My vocal chords are used to it, for
I practice every day, and I enjoy it. I
make my living from it. and It Is a pleas
ure to me at the same time. '
He looks forward to the time his boy, I
now a lad of four, shnll be able to under- |
take similar work. The youngster has
an aptitude for it, and his chief joy is to ''■
try to do what his father does. Val
more has faith that he will do it. This
boy is the apple of the father's eye, for
the child's mother and sister have been
taken by death. The light-hearted, care- ;
less Valmore, laughing through the j
world, has known a share of its sorrows.
many there are in the group. The En
cyclopedia Brltannlca. ninth edition, says
that the number Is said to exceed 1400-
Longman's Gazeteer for 1896 says 2000 and
Johnson's Universal Encyclopedia re
vised to 1897, says that the group has In It
400. One authority says the aggregate
area Is 114,326 square mi!es, while another
pays the conjectural area la about 150 000
square miles. The group Is divided Into
forty-three provinces and the population
is estimated at from 7.000.000 to 9 000 000
Data in regard to these islands Is not as
complete as many would desire.
FIGHTING 808 EVANS— S. A. M.,
City. Robley D. Evans, now of the Iowa!
generally known as "Fighting Bob Bv
ans," was born in Virginia. He was
placed in command of the Torktown
and sent to Valparaiso. He anchored in
front of the water batteries defending
the city. The Chileans had a number of
torpeao boats with long arms, on which
torpedoes were placed. The boats were
being maneuvered in an unpleasant and
threatening manner for some time. Ev
ans watched those movements until they
became unbearable. He had the guns of
the lorktown loaded and the ship cleared
for action, after which he got into his
cutter and went to the commanding gen
eral, told him he wanted the torpedo boat
business stopped and gave him half an
hour to take them out of the harbor.
Whether right or wrong, his request was
complied with. It was there, from the
stand he took, that he gained the name
of "Fighting Bob." He it was who told
Secretary Herbert that it would please
him to make Spanish the prevailing lan
guage in hell for the next five years.
WASHINGTON'S DREAM— E. P. N..
Haywards, Cal. On the 4th of July, 1859,
Anthony Sherman, then 99 rears of age,
told Wesley Bradshaw the story of v ash
ington's dream, which he said was in the
words of Washington as told him at \ al
ley Forge. In that dream he saw Amer
ica involved in war three times, the sec
ond one being one of a divided nation and
the third belntr at the clone of the cen
tury. The following words were made
a-dible to Washington in his dream, ns
told by Sherman: "Son of the republic,
what ye have seen is thus Interpreted:
Three "perils will come upon the republic.
The most fearful 18 the second, passing
which the whole world united shall never
prevail against her. Let every child of
the republic learn to live for his God, hia
land and the Union." Then Washington
added: "With these words the vision
vanished and I started fmm my Feat an*
felt that T had seen a vision wherein had
been shown me the birth, progress and
destiny of the T'nited States. In unhq
she will have her strength; in disunio*
her destruction. "_
MINT AND POSTOFFICE-A. O. S.,
City. Unless you are nominated for a
position that requires confirmation by th»»
Senate of the United States, you cannot
secure a position in either the United
States Branch Mint or the Postofflc*
without passing a civil service examina
tion. In the Postoffice there Is another
exception, namely one assistant post
master or chief assistant and one cashier
in a first-class 1 nice, who may be ap
pointed without examination.
A RETOUCHER— A. O. S.. City. A re
toucher in an art gallery must be pos
sessed of the art of painting and colors.
■ o »
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
J. Monsarrat of Honolulu is at the Cal
ifornia.
John W. Mitchell of Los Angeles is at
the Palace.
H. Silver, a banker of Los Angeles, is
at the Palace.
Judge J. W. Hughes of San Diego Is at
the Palace.
L. A. Johnson, the cattleman of Visalla,
is at the liuss.
B. F. McCullough of Crows Landing
is at the Grand.
Professor O. B. Jenkins of Stanford 13
at the California.
V. S. McClatchy of the Sacramento Bee
is at the California.
Rev. Daniel G. MacKinnon of Stockton
is at the Occidental.
J. G. Taylor, a cattleman of Lovelock,
Nev., is at the Russ.
Elwood Bruner. an attorney of Sacra
mento, is at the Grand.
Gorge A. Smith, a w. althy land owner
of Cortland, is at the Grand.
George M. Weidler, a lumberman of
Portland, Is at the Occidental.
15. Suzuki of New York, on a tour
around the world, is at the Russ.
E. S. Valentine of Fresno has just re
turned from Honolulu and is at the Rusa.
The "Gallant
Surrender" at the
Columbia is an
other one of those
late stirring war
dramas calling
for the presence
of real, live and
HE LOST
HIS
PATRIOTISM.
genuine soldiers among the supernumer
aries. When the Columbia-Frawley man
agement undertook to put on the play it
canvassed the military market and
brought to bear all the influence at hand
■ure a number of men from Camp
Merritt so as to have a background more
realistic. Through the kindness of ore of
the brigadier generals a few squads of
volunteers were loaned to the Krawley
Company for the "Gallant Surrender."
In order to make the soldiers as happy
as possible they were premised a mid
night supper every night at the ebnchJ
eion of the performance. Then the Fraw
ley management exert d
the vast influence which
neighboring r-stain -.: —
proached, and after mi: n
was persuaded to supph the volunteer*
with supper without charge — the motive,
unalloyed patriotism. On Monday night
the company of bhiecoats illed into the
coffee house. There was a goodly num
ber of them, and the proprietor's blood
felt a sudden chilling. Stll he could not
repudiate his contract, though he might
have pleaded lack of consideration. Orl
Tuesday night he began to grieve and
his patriotism went out with the time.
"Mem Got," he said, "vat viil dose sol
diers not do to me? I am a batriotic
American and I vill glf dem all the
coffee and sinkers they can eat. but,
Gimini Christmas, I didn't dink a minute
dere vere twenty big, hearty fellows.
But I guess I got to stand it now."
A few hours later the boys came in for
their nocturnal rations. The proprietor
bid them a smiling welcome for abotu ten
seconds. One after the other they filed
in. There were twenty the night before
but there were twice twenty in this new
lot. The smile of the coffee and dough
nut dispenser soon faded, giving way to
the most awful and mournful expression
imaginable. "Goot Got kill me righd
iivay. I don'd vant to live anoder minud,"
he cried out: "Vat vill bekom of m^? I
never said I vould feed an army. Am
I a commissary sergeant or a million
aire? There vere twenty last nlghd.
Vill eighdy kom to-morrow nighd? Ask
me dat, vill you?" The soldiers are a
sociable and a hospitable class; they
simply invited their friends.
L. T. Garnpey. manager of the Rednndo
Railroad of Los Angeles, is at the Cali
fornia.
B. T. K. Preston, secretary of the
School of Industry at lone, is at the
Grand.
F. W. Ledbetter, manager of the Co
lumbia River Paper Company, is at the
Palace.
Dr. J. S. Lassldy of Lexington. Ky.,
and J. G. Lassldy of Salt Lake City ara
at the Palace.
F. S. Winston and family are at the
Palace. Mr. Winston is a very -wealthy
lawyer. of Chicago. (
General Passenger Agent Goodman of
the Southern Pacific will leave for Chica
go to-night to attend the meeting of tha
Interstate Commerce Commission.
The following arrivals on the Mariposa
are stopping at the Occidental: N. Reid
and Irwin McDowell of Chicago; W. J.
Bonnie of Glasgow; M. Ogllby and W. J.
Walker of Ookala: Itflsa Templeton, Mrs.
Laura Wright and Mtsa Wright of Hono
lulu; M. H. Van Bergh. wife and family
of Rocli^ stir. >r« w York; C. H. Lewison
of Sydney; E. R. Adams, Rev. "A. Mack
intosh and P. High of Honolulu; L. P.
Brown. H. Smith. Clerk of the Supreme
Court of Honolulu, and wife, and G. R,
Ewart of Kanai.
Cal. slace fruit 50c per lb at T*wnsend'i.«
Special information supplied daily t«
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
IS IT A COMIC PAPEB?
"We are glad," says El Tiempo of th«
City of Mexico, "that the arrogant Van«
kee is at last about to receive a lesson
he so richly deserves. The hereditary en
emy of Mexico is at last to be chastised,
and the 'Gringo' will once more be taught
his projer place. Mexico will be avenged
for the humiliations forced upon it by the
overbearing Yankees." El Tiempo must
be a comic paper.
Bates Are Cut
To Bed rock. Call at new ticket office
of th- Santa Fe route at 628 Market St. Very
low rates to all Eastern cities. will pay
you to investigate.
In the Cuban swamps a bottle of Dr. Slegert'g
Angostura Bitters will do wonders to keep
your digestive organs In order.
ACKER'S DYSPEPSIA TABLETS ARB
sold on a positive guarantee. Cures heartburn,
raising of the food, distress after eating or
any form of dyspepsia. One little tablet glvet
immediate relief. At No Percentage Phar
macy.CHANGES
AMONG THE
TEACHERS
Transfers Made by the
Educational Board.
SUBSTITUTES ARE
PROMOTED
PROBATIONARY TEACHERS PUT
ON REGULAR LIST.
Several Instructors Will Find Them
selves in New Schools After
Vacation Time Is
Over.
The Board of Education met late yes
terday afternoon an<l decided upon a
number of changes and transfers, to go
Into ■ Bchools re
open after vacation.
The members met in executive session
earlier In I ion and agreed upon
the reports that would be presented when
the board met in opei k. In con
ser;-;fnce tnere was no quarreling or
blck^ ■■: - of the several
committees went through In machine
like or
On recommendation of the Committee
on Si ti ■ • ( llowing
teaci. I ■ ndary
.Mary G. Alien. Mrs.
Miss Emily P. Rhine,
Evelyn Armor. Uss. Mary Mai
r A. T. Winn,
the Bcience department In the
. was transf< rred to
a sir. ■ ::; the Missii n High
.. R. H. Mitel of the scl
■ In the Polytechnic High
.: red u> ; :.-■ I -
a. Q. Allen was as
1 lirls' High
. made va . the transfer of
J. H. Simmons to the principalship of
Mann Grammar School.
The Committee on Classification report
ed In favor of the following changes and
the report was adopted:
Miss Bessie illlen of day substitute
class, assigned to Irving Scott School;
Miss Ruby McFeeley, transferred to
Grant Primary School; Mrs. Caroline M.
Slssons, transferred from Hearst. Gram
mar School to unassigned list of day
school teachers; Miss L . [ford, trans
ferred from Lincoln Grammar to Hearst
Grammar School; Mrs. F. Bachman, from
unassigned list to Lincoln Grammar; Mrs.
K. M. Hare, of Golden Gate Primary
School, transferred to class in Lincoln
Grammar; Mrs. J. McXicholl, transferred
from Pacific Heights to Golden Gate
School as probationary teacher; Miss K.
McGeough, assigned as probationary
teacher in Hancock Grammar; Miss Na
talle Gambitz, appointed probationary
teacher In Hancock Grammar; Miss
Anina issen, transferred from Doug
lass to Agassiz School; Miss Eva Cleary,
assigned rrom day school, substitute class
to probationary clans in Douglass School;
Miss E. Murphy, transferred from John
Swett Grammar School to Denman Gram-,
mar School; Miss Florence Davis, trans
ferred from Sutro School to Si ring Val
ley Grammar School; Miss Jennie T.
AlcLc-rin, transferred from Grant Primary
to Sherman Primary School; Sirs. M. A.
Doughty, transferred from Emerson
I rirnary to Adams Grammar School;
M'.s./5.-i»,ih .V. Joseph, transferred from
RiiK/jn Grammar to signed day
schcol list; Miss Lou Smlthson. of day
substitute class, appointed probationary
teacher in Washington Grammar; Miss
Kvelyna R. Manning, transferred from
Jtairington School to Sutro Primary; Mrs.
Hortense Brignardello. from South End
Primary to Barrington Primary; Miss
Kate T. Fitzsimmons, assigned to receiv
ing claps In Garileld School; Miss Eliza
beth Holmes, Miss I. M. Roseman, Miss
M. Liner. Miss F. Barrington, Miss Mary
A. Owens, Miss K. Griffith, Miss N. Ero,
Miss Frances Hanley, Miss Agnes
Thomas, Miss B. M. Millhorn, Miss Jo
hanna Blum. Miss T. Fen ton, Miss Rose
Cassassa, I). C. Deasey and Miss A.
Bryant were appointed substitutes in day
school substitute class; Miss L. Cox, ap
pointed probationary teacher In Fair
mount School; Miss C. Regan, transferred
from substitute class and assigned to
class in Noe Valley School; Miss E.
Ewing, transferred from Denman Gram
mar to Irving Scott School, and M. M.
Levy from Irving Scott to Denman Gram
mar School.
The following teachers having success
fully served the term of probation were
elected regular teachers: Miss Virginia
Cassidy. Miss M. L. Baoin, Mrs. A. E.
Kedon. Miss Lucille O Connor, Miss Jen
nie Roden, Miss Gertrude C. Fitzgerald
Miss May < "mi), Edward W. Engs, Al
bert Houston, Miss Edith Stafford, J. B.
Bykeß. Miss E. R. Manning. \nss Helen
M. Grace. John S. Drew, Daniel W. Cros
by, Miss F. Davis. Miss Virginia English
and Miss Mabel Metrovich.
The Eevening School Committee re
ported In favor of transferring Miss
Mattie Walsh of the Humboldt School to
the day school, unassigned list; that C.
H. Crowoll of the Horace Mann be trans
ferred to the Mission High School; that
the following substitutes be appointed:
Miss B. Davidson, Arthur Dannebaum
Miss L. Dwyer, Miss Bertha Fahrenkrug
Miss H. Martin, Miss E. Madden. Miss
Jeanette Doyle, XV. A. Lenihan, Miss Rose
F. Lewie and Miss Belle Herringway;
that Miss M. Loewl be transferred from
the evening substitute list to probationary
teacher in the Hamilton Evening School;
that Mips t,. Levingston be appointed a
special teacher of stenograpr" during the
leave of absence of her sister.
The report was adopted,
A motion made by Director Head that
the board meet in future in the evening
at 8 o'clock instead of In the afternoon
was defeated;
WILL TEST THE STAMP ACT.
Restaurant Men Fight Against Pay
ing One Cent on Wine.
The restaurant keepers have decided not
to stand the war tax of one cent that at
the present time they are comnelled to
pay on all bottles of wine serwt to their
customers with ordinary meals. As has
bwti stated in The Ca.l, In a large mim
ing houses in tins city a
small bottle of wine Is served with meals,
and In the course of a at the rate
of one cent on every half pint and two
• one pint the restaurant
rs fool that they are paying more
than • of the war tax. Several
schemes were suggested for evading this
.ing the wine In pitchers,
but t emed to be safe.
After some discussion It was decided to
ret the advice of a lawyer and see If
there is any way of avoiding the pay
ment of the Bame. The services of Attor
ungberg, who has great experience
in internal revenue matters, were ob
tained, and he 1h of the opinion that It
was not the Intention of those who creat
ed the act to apply It In the manner to
whirh Trr-ro is so much oMoetion. For
• jimong the res
taurant mr-n and those who sell wines for
rnlng how many will
"upport » ■ ■ • the tax. So far
he has met with success, and there will
v>« plenty of money to make a test case
of the one cent stamp proposition.
Suit to Recover Stock.
S. A. Bonstin has commenced suit
against the San Francisco Hay and Grain
my to recover possession of 300
shares of the capital sto-k of the corpora
tion, vhlrh he values at |j)000 The plain
tiff alleges that the defendant Illegally
cook possession of the Btock and sold It
which resulted in his damage to the ex
tent of the sum sued for.
Will of James C. Sary.
The will of Jamr-s ('. Barjr, who died In
:h!s city last week, mi filed for probate
resterday. An estate valued at 17500 was
jequeathed to the chlldn-n of the testa
tor. Walter M. and Ilattle Sary, share
md share alike.
Try the "ICoh-T-Noor" load pencil and
rou ww f ll have nn further use for others. •
THE DWARF GIANT AND HIS CRAZY-QUILT RECORD.
DEMOCRATIC
CONVENTION
AUGUST 16
Gov. Budd's Sugges=
tion Not Adopted.
M'NAB WARDS OFF DANGER
DID NOT WANT A PRIMARY IN
SAN FRANCISCO.
Was Feariul That tho Voters of the
Party Would Be Given an
Opportunity to Be
Heard.
The Democratic State Convention will be
called to order in Sacramento on the
afternoon of Tuesday, August 16. This
date was fixed upon by the subcommittee
of the State Committee at a meeting held
at the California Hotel yesterday after
noon.
Very little discussion was Indulged In
concerning the object for which the meet-
Ing was called, it being generally under-
MITCHELL OF LOS ANGELA
ADOED TO HIS REPUTATION
A3 A NATURAL BORN
JOKER • • ■«•
stood that the date finally fixed upon
van the latest that would fit the cir
cumstances of the case. Eugene Deuprey
thought that it would be best to name
August 15, but when it was pointed out
to him by McNab that that date fell on
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 28, 1898.
Monday he withdrew his motion. After
Informal discussion as to the time
that would be required to wind up the
work of the convention a motion adopt
ing August 16 as the opening day was put
and carried.
The question of the form of the call
for the State Convention was then taken
up. and Governor Budd moved that the
various counties be instructed to elect
.;es In the same manner as at the
last general •■lection. This brought Mc-
Nab to bis feet. He said it was usel< ss
to attempt to elect delegates in gan
Francisco ty primaries, as experience had
proved Democratic primaries here io be
notorious humbugs. He made no refer
ence to the weakness of th<' Committee of
One Hundred, which he. as a member of
the unholy trinity, forced down the
throats of the local Democracy, but he
allowed it to be understood that the hold-
Ing of a primary under present conditions
WE DO NOT * WANT A
PRIMARY SAIQ WHIS
PERING GAVIN.
would be equivalent to making a present
of the delegation to the Harney forces,
which were so recently .stood up and
robbed of their power. lie asked that the
manner In which the delegates shall be
selected be left to the various county
committees, a proposition that would
leave the Gould- Alford-McNab trium
virate in the full possession of their
stolen authority in this city. The subject
seemed to be too tender to admit of any
controversy or discussion, ho it was
dropped as soon as the "whispering" boss
had sufficiently pointed out the dangers
that lay in the path of permitting the
Democratic voters of this city to have a
voice in the selection of delegates to rep
resent them at the State Convention.
Mitchel of Los Angeks wanted it un
derstood that the Democrats of the
southern city wanted to select their dele
gates by primary election. He pressed
the point so persistently that he raised
a suspicion in the mind of Fitzgerald. The
grntlem.in from Alamcla said that he
was not acquainted with the situation in
Ivos Angeles, but he was not In favor of
taking any stops that would force upon
the Democrats of that city conditions
that were not acceptable to them. This
seemed to be the general opinion, and a
resolution wns adopted directing county
committees to take charge of the selec
tion of delegates and recommending that
primaries be held wherever possible.
Governor Budd Introduced a resolution
providing f<T a meeting of the com
mittee before the date of the State Con
tion fur the purpose of formulating a
primary plan for submission to the con
vention and for the additional purpose of
considering rules for the future govern-
warm up r°-- r rriE.-'OG6AS
ment of the State Committee. The reso
lution was adopted, after which the com
mittee adjourned to meet at the call of
the chair.
DEAD WOMAN'S WATCH.
Police Vainly Trying to Locate the
Important Clew.
The police are still seeking for the
watch supposed to have been taken from
the room of Sadie Carpenter the night
she was murdered. One of Chief Lees'
sleuths Is also keeping a close watch of
Joe Lochner, and he will not be allowed
to leave the city for a while. Although
nothing h;ia been found against the Ger
man, the nolice still believe he is the
murderer.
Lochner is a homeless outcast. All his
former friends and acquaintances have
cut him, and he is not allowed to frequent
his old haunts. When he was released
from prison ho went to the Hubbard
House, but was refused accommodations.
Proprietor Raulet was notitled by his
tenants that they would all leave if Loch
ner was permitted to lodge in the build-
Ing. He took his belongings and departed,
and as he is without money or friends it
is not known where he sleeps.
Mrs. Anderson, Sadie's mother, return
ed to Monterey yesterday morning. She
will apply for letters of administration in
Monterey bounty on the estate of the de
ceased. Nothing has been learned re
garding the whereabouts of H. S. Carpen
ter.
In the Divorce Courts.
Mrs. Sue M. Peck was grnnted a di
vorce from Charles N. Peck yesterday
on the ground of Infidelity. Carrie E.
White was granted a divorce from An
drew White on the ground of willful neg
lect. Delia C. Wilkes was divorced from
Alpha J. Wilkes on the ground of willful
neglect. The plaintiff was allowed to re
sume her maiden name. Illatt. Nelllo
Phillips has sued her husband. S. A. Phil
lips, for a divorce, alleging cruelty as a
cause of action.
Mrs. Catherine J. Whelan secured a di
vorce from Charles J. Whelan yesterday
on the ground of desertion. The plaintiff
was allowed to resume her maiden name.
Asmussen, and was granted the custody
Qt her minor child.
FOR PURPOSES
OF ANNEXATION
Sailing of the Phila
delphia for Hawaii.
TROUBLE ON THE ARIZONA
SAILORS' UNION OBJECTS TO
HER CHINESE CREW.
Mariposa Brings News of Annexation
of the Santa Cruz and Duff
Groups of Islands by
England.
The Philadelphia got away for Hono
lulu at 3 p. m. yesterday. Early in the
morning Rear-Admiral Miller transferred
his flag from the Albatross to the war
ship and a salute of thirteen guns was
iired. From that on everything went ■
with a rush on the Philadelphia, and at
2:30 p. m. she was ready for a start. A
last launch was sent ashore to gather up
the last of the 4nail and any stragglers.
Half an hour later everything was ready
for a start. The anchor was up, a full
head of steam was on the boilers, and at
3:05 p. m. the cruiser was on her way to
the flag-raising which is to take place at
Honolulu. Passing the naval reserve I
steamer Marion the admiral was saluted \
with thirteen guns, and the gunners on
the Philadelphia replied. Alcatraz and
Black Point followed suit and then Fort
Point took it up, so the last thing the I
men on the cruiser heard as they passed
out through the Golden Gate was the
boom of cannon.
As soon as the American flag has been
hoisted over the Hawaiian Islands the
men on the Philadelphia are in hopes that
their vessel will be suit on to Manila. The
repairs to the gunboat Yorktown are now
almost completed, and it is thought that
as soon as she is ready she will be sent to
Honolulu to relieve the Philadelphia
and the latter will be sent to join L>ew
ey's squadron at Manila.
The trouble over the Chinese crew of
the transport Arizona is not yet settled
by any manner of means. It appears that '
their retention by the United States Gov- j
eminent was part of the agreement when
the vessel was sold. At any rate they are
retained on the vessel and will go out on.
her when she sails for Manila by orders ;
from the powers that be at Washington. I
Yesterday Andrew Furuseth, secretary of
the Coast Seamen's Union, called upon I
Captain Robinson, U. S. A., in regard to '■
the matter. The captain conducted the j
negotiations for the purchase of the ves
eel on behalf of the United States, and \
Mr. Furuseth went to him because he had
control of the matter. A very heated ar- j
gument followed, and the Seamen's I
Union's secretary said, among other j
things, that it was un-Amerlean to em
ploy Chinese cheap labor when there
were plenty of good American sailors to i
be had for the asking. At this Captain j
Robinson got angry, and he is reported to
have said that he wasn't going to be bull- i
dozed by any labor union in the country, j
That he was as good an American as any 1
man in the United States and that he !
would run his own business to suit him- I
self and without outside interference.
"The Chinese crew of the Arizona was
shipped by me under orders from Wash
ington and they will remain on the ves
sei until I get orders from the same
source to discharge them," said he, as he
fro~.vm-d Mr. Furuseth out.
The seamen have not given the matter
up by any means, and a committee has
been appointed to interview Congressman
Maguire, and through him have a strong
representation of the case sent to Wash
ington. Mr. Furuseth says that no stone
will be left unturned to prevent a vessel
owned by the United States, and In use
as a transport, being manned by Chinese
labor.
Captain Walter S. Milnor, who brought '
the Arizona from Puget Sound to this i
port, left last night for Seattle and Cap- j
tain Robinson leaves to-day also for the !
same place. The latter will examine the
new transports Athenian and Tartar, and
Captain Milnor will bring one of them to
San Francisco.
The following notice to mariners has
been issued by the Lighthouse Inspector:
"The steam whistlo on Ban Francisco j
light vessel 70 wil not be in operation to- !
day: in case of fog the bell will be
sounded.
"The, steam whistle will again be In
operation, if possible, on the 20th."
The trouble lies with the engineer's de
partment. Yesterday Captain Lowell was
Informed that there was no more coal on
the lightship, so he had to secure a pass
age on one of the pilot boats and come
ashore in a hurry. A supply of black
diamonds will be put on boardto-day, and !
to-night the siren will be again in work- j
Ing order.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
Mariposa arrived from Sydney, via Auck
land. Apia and Honolulu, yesterday. On
the 25th inst. the Rio de Janeiro was met.
Captain Ward reported all well
aboard the transport, and put aboard the
Mariposa a package of mail for San
Francisco. The Mariposa brought up
$1,250,000 in treasure and a large number
of passengers. One of the latter was E.
Klnath. fr«.m Apia. He was a member of
the Sophie Sutherland expedition, and
nearly died from malarial foyer in the
Solomon group. He says that Soronson
led them all a wild goose chase, and the
only trace of gold they found was in the
interior of an island, where it was im
possible to get at. The Sutherland is now
OUt sixteen days from Apia, and the only
ones left aboard of all who sailed from
this port on her are Captain Alec Mc-
Lean and a man named Higgins.
The Mariposa brings the nows that the
I British cruiser Mohawk had raised the
j English flag over the Santa Cruz and
Duff groups of islands. These were the
only unannexed Island? In the southern
seas, and thinking some one else might
claim them England seized the lot. They
lie between the Solomons and New
Hebrides, and are of more strategical
value than anything else. The Santa Cruz
group Is oompopr-d <>f seven large islands
and the Duff or Wilson group of eleven.
: The natives are cannibals, and will al
ways be remembered for the murder of
; Bishop Patteson and Commodore Good
enough.
The sister ships Alcinous and Alcidos
arrived in port yesterday. The Alcinous
took 159 days to come from Ardrossan,
Scotland, and the Alcidps 1,"4 days to
come from Antwerp. Both masters re
port an unusual number of calms and
i fight winds.
The Yukon Rlvor steamer Queen of the
Yukon w;vh In trouble yesterday. While
out on her trial trip she broke down and
; went ashore on Goat Island. The tug
Liberty towed her off find docked her at
Folsom-street wharf. The machinery will
S be repaired and the vessel put in thor
j ough order for the voyage to Alaska.
CONDUCTING A BANKING GAME
The Cases of W. D. Valentine and
M. B. Burke Dismissed.
The case of W. D. Valentine and M.
R. Burke, charged with conducting a
banking game at 19 Ellis street, was
concluded before Judge Conlan yester
day, and the Judge dismissed both cases.
A similar case was brought against
Valentine recently, where he was
charged with conducting a percentage
game, and Judge Cook, on appeal, ac
quitted him. Judge Conlan, in view of
that decision and also In view of the fact
that in his opinion the evidence for the
prosecution did not show that a banking
game was carried on within the meaning
of the statute, dismissed the cases.
Frankie Payne, who operated the wires
in a room in the Parrott building, con
necting with 19 Ellis street, was subpe
naed to appear as a witness for the prose
cution, but did not make her appearance.
Mrs. Fershaw Permitted to Land.
Mrs. Vlctorina Fershaw, the Danish
■woman who arrived on the steamer Star
buck and was refused a landing because
ehe was a pauper and an Invalid, has at
last been allowed to go ashore. A bond
for $500 was given- that she will not be
come a public charge. Mrs. Willard B.
Harrington has taken her In charge and
had her removed to the Children's Hospi
tal for treatment.
HE DOES NOT
WANT A SUIT
J. J. Valentine Fears the
Stamp Act.
AN APPEAL TO MERCHANTS \
PRESIDENT OF WELLS-FARGO
TALKS QUITE FREELY.
A Strong Plea That No Action Be
Taken Here Until the Test
Cases in the East Are
Decided.
That J. J. Valentine, president of Wells,
Fargo & Co., Is very desirous of having
the local merchants drop the proposed
suit for violating the law in collecting
from Its patrons the 1-cent tax that the
corporation should pay fs apparent from
his actions during the past week. When
the local merchants appealed to the Mer
chants' Association for support in their
protest against the injustice and the lat
ter body decided to fight the corporation
in the Federal courts, Mr. Valentine made
haste to call upon the officers of the as
sociation and request that they postpone
taking such steps until similar cases
should be decided in the courts of the
East. Several interviews were held by
him with the officers of the body, and
yesterday he was given permission to ad
dress the board of directors at a special
meeting.
Mr. Valentine stated that at least a
dozen suits were now pending against the
express companies in different parts of
the United States, and, therefore, he be
lieved no benefit would possibly be gained
by having an additional suit brought in
this city. He had received dispatches j
from Chicago that the suit pending
against the express company there had i
already been submitted to the court, and
that a decision was daily expected. He
assured the board that his company
would promptly abide by the decision of
the courts and would place no obstacles i
in the way of a speedy decision.
The board decided to telegraph at once
to the Merchants' Association in New
York and Chicago to ascertain whether
the pending suits against the express
companies were being duly prosecuted,
and how soon a decision would be reached.
If the answers to these telegrams show
that the actions are being properly prose
cuted and that a decision will be reached
within thirty days, the board decided to
postpone the suit contemplated in this
city. If, however, no early decision will
be reached in the Eastern suits, the board
decided to proceed with the action here.
The necessary evidence has been secured
and will be held ready for any possible
future use.
In speaking of the position of Mr.
Valentine as president of the express
company, one of the directors said yes
terday that the corporation's officer's de
sire that no action be taken seemed to
be based more upon personal pride than
anything else. In the meeting he called
attention to the fact that the company
has always been on the best terms with
the merchants of this city, and he would
not like to have it go afcroad that there
Is any cause for complaint at this day.
If the present troubles can be bridged
over by the decisions that will be ren
dered in the test cases in the East it
will look better for the local branch of
I the company than it would to have an
other suit on its hands.
Prior to the meeting Mr. Valentine ad
dressed a long letter to Acting President
Baldwin, inclosing a clipping from a rail
road paper— the Railway Age— which, of
course, takes the position that the tax
upon common carriers should be paid by
the people, and not by the corporations.
In Concluding the letter he says:
We reppect the riffht of private Judgment,
prize the good opinion of the public and de
sire the pood will of the community which,
despite the contention now perhaps disturbing
its ordinary even fl>w. we claim to deserve and
hope ever to enjoy. With utmost respect, I am,
very truly yours.
He Has No Redress.
VS. TI. Wright, a "stlllman" in the em
ploy of the Pacific Oil Company at Ala
meda, was Injured by the breaking of
the bottom of one of the vats in which
oil is refined, and he brought an action
against the company for damages, alleg
ing negligence on the part of his em
ployers In not having safe and suitable
vessels and appurtenances at their works.
In the Superior Court of Alameda County
he received judgment for damages. The
case v.as appealed to the Supreme Court,
which yesterday reversed the judgment
of the lower court, holding that a part of
ihc duties of the stlllman was to see that
things in his department were In order,
and that if he was hurt he was guilty of
contributory negilgence.
Precinct Registration Officers.
The Board of BtoCtlOS Commissioners
met yesterday and resumed the work of
selecting precinct registration officers.
When the board adjourned last evening
selections had been made in all but three
Assembly districts. The work will be re
sumed this morning, but It will not be
completed in time to have a. report ready
to present when the commission meets at
11 o'clock to transact the usual routine
business. Commissioners Broderick and
Creswfcll stated last evening that it was
likely that the names of the precinct
registration officers selected would not be
made known until Friday.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.
Grants diplomas and confers degrees. Rare
opportunities offered in music. One hour's ride
from San Francisco. Write for catalogue to
MRS C T MILLS. President. Mills College
Postofflce, Alameda County. Cal. Thirty-second
year. Fall term opens August 3. 1898.
stTlarh college.
Studies will bo resumed at St. Mary's College,
Oakland. Monday, August 1. 189 S.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
(FOR BOYS— LIMITED).
Large corps of teachers. Superior home ac-
commodations. Next term opens August 9,
1898
IRA G. HOITT, Ph. P.. Principal.
MISS WEST'S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS,
2014 Van Ness aye. ; opens August 18. Certi-
ficate admits to Vassar, Wellesley and Smith
colleges. Accredited to the University of Cali-
fornia. Kindergarten In connection with the
school . Number of house pupils limited.
THE HAMLIN SCHOOL
(Van Ness Seminary), 1349 Jackson St.. S. F.
Term opens August 4. Departments school
work from Kindergarten to College Prepara-
tory Course. Address MISS SARAH D. HAM-
LIN, MRS. EDNA SNELL POULSON.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Select boarding and day school for young
ladies. 2126 California St., San Frar.cisco. Will
reopen August 1. Accredited to universities.
Seminary and full conservatory music. I'ri-
mary department for children. Carriage will
call. REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M.
A— THE LYCEUM PREPARATORY SCHOOL
—This school prepares students for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges; its grad-
uates are admitted without examination to
Stanford University and Cooper College on
recommendation of the princinal: references.
President Jordan or any Stanford professor.
Phelan building. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JpARTEKS
SIOK HiADAOHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose*
Small Price.
■ Wrong !
The tea-business was taken
up by the wrong end roast-
ing tea way off there in Asia
and letting it get stale on the
way here ! .
Not Schilling s Best. 3 ,
MHV 1 DCXICAV ENGINEER AND AT-
JUniN A- DCflolm, t« >!:n:-:v 508 Montgom-
ery St.. San Francisco. Cal. Land scrip
for sale. Surveyed and unsurveyed lands lo-
cated and patents secured anywhere in the
United States without settlement. Timor and
grazing lands bought and sold. I represent
specially cases arising: before the Internal Rev-
enue and Treasury Departments. Also cases
arising under the regulations governing the
tariff and trade of the Hawaiian and Philip-
pine Islands, and the war revenue law. My
business will have the attention of eminent
Washington attorneys.
®
WOODBURY*s Facial Soap, Facial Cream,
Facial Powder and Dental Cream makes the
grandest toilet combination known for the skin.
Send 20 cents for sample of each. Sufficient
for three weeks' use. JOHN H. WOODBURY.
127 West Forty-second St., New York.
AMUSEMENTS.
Imkgomands
' Walter Morosco. Sole Lessee and Manager.
Telephone, Main 532.
Evening Prices 25c and 800
! Family Circle and Gallery 100
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
"OUR CALIFORNIA BOY,"
JAMES M. BROPHY
In a Superb Revival of
THETWO ORPHANS
PROF. GRAEBER'S Banjo, Mandolin and
Guitar Class (55 Members).
IN. A CHOICE MUSICAL PROGRAMME.
Entire Depth of Great Stage Used.
CONSTELLATION OF AMERICAN AND EU-
ROPEAN STARS.
3 SISTERS MEARTE, Equipoise Artists; JO-
SEPH HART and CARRIE DE MAR, "Dr.
Chauncey's Visit"; THE ANGELA SISTERS.
Musical Artists; W. H. WINDOM and BLACK-
STONE QUARTET; WILTON ft STACK,
Triple Bar Wonders: VALMORE, "The Human
Brass Band": GILBERT & GOLDIE. Native
Comedians; LORENZ & ALLEN, Eccentrio
Dancers.
Reserved seats, 23c: balcony, 10c; opera
chairs and box seats. EOc. ■ ■ . •
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Manager
Last Nights of the Comic Opera Season.
Regal Revival of Mlllnecker's Prr-erb Work
"THE BEGGAR STUDENT!"
GREAT CAST. NEW SCENERY.
CORRECT COSTUMES.
NEXT MONDAY. AUGUST 1.
OPENING GRAND OPERA SEASON. •
Repertoire First Week— Monday, Wednesday,
Friday and Saturday Evenings. AIDA. Tues-
day, Thursday and Sunday Evenings, LUCIA.
Special Saturday Matinee— LT''lA.
Popular prices 25 and 50 cents
TELEPHONE BU.SH 9.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
No Extension of Time.
THIS WEEK ONLY— Matinee Saturday,
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY;
. Presenting the Great War Drama,
A GALLANT SURRENDER.
By Edward E. Kidder.
Next Monday— John Drew'B greatest success,
"THE MASKED BALL."
ALCAZARJHEATER
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
I/AST MATINEE SATURDAY.
LEWIS MORRISON
In the Emotional Drama,
"EAST LYNNE."
Monday— LEWlS MORRISON a3 RICHELIEU.
Seats Now on Pale.
Prices— lsc. 25c, 35c, 50c.
£-7.00 SUNDAY £/*OO
$L- excursion $£ —
TO
. SANTA CRUZ, '
Personally conducted by MR. WILLIAM H.
MEN TON, Excursion Passenger Agent. S. F.
Co.
SUNDAY, JULY 31. 1898.
Five Hours at the Seaside.
Concert en the beach. Mussel bake at 2 p. m.
Take ".45 a. m. boat, . ferry landing (narrow
gauge), foot of Market St., San Francisco; 7:45
a. m. from Fourteenth and Franklin sts.. Oak-
land; 8:20 a. m. from Park St., Alameda. Re-
turning, arrive San Francisco S:O5 p. m.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OF THE
JAPANESE BALANCING ACROBATS.
NEW MOVING PICTURES and CANNON,
the 613-POUND SWISS.
THE CHUTES MENAGERIE
IS INTERESTING
AT ALL TIMES.
Vie, Including Zoo and Theater; children. 5c
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m. v
ADMISSION 10c - - - ■■-' CHILDREN So
..XM»liun£. .with admission. ZSc: cluiilrea. 20a.
fll VMPI A Corner of Mason and Eddy Street*.
UL I IfiriA GREATEST FREE BILL IN
AMERICA. Reid, barytone; , Gibson & Allen,
Comedians; Flossie Nash. Soubrette; ordway
& Rand; Quazlna. Royce Sisters, Rockwell and
others. Admission Free. Matinee Sunday.
78
SEVENTH CALIFORNIA WILL NOT
MOVE TO THE PRESIDIO TO-DAY
ADVICES from Honolulu by the
steamer Maripoea represent
that the transport Indiana was
detained there but a few hours
to make the necessary boiler
repairs, and therefore news
may come any hour announcing the
arrival of the third expedition at Ma
nila. The monitor Monadnock sailed
from Honolulu for the Philippines
fourteen days ago, and if the speed
displayed on her run from this port to
Hawaii be maintained she may reach
Manila by August 8.
The secret ;ti:'l mysterious Influences
which have prevented the transfer of
troops from Camp Merritt to the Pre-
Bidio are again at work. Yesterday an
order was issued by Major General
Merrlam, commanding; the Department
of California., countermanding the In
structions for the Seventh California
to move to the reservation. Inquiries
Instituted by The Call disclose the fact
that the countermanding order was Is
sued at the r^qii'-'st of Colonel Berry of
the Seventh.
The Third BattaJion, First South Da
kota Volunteers, v.'iv embark on the
transport steamer St. Paul to-day. The
m^n will march from Camp Merritt at
8:20 a. m. The route of march will be
along PoFt Btreet, Van Xess and
Golden Gate avenues and Market
Btreet to the dock.
BARBER SAILS TO-MORROW
Goes to Honolulu in Advance
of the First New York Regi-
merit of Volunteers.
Colonel Thomas H. Barber of the First
New York Regiment will sail for Honolu
lu to-morruw on the Manila transport
steamer St. Paul, accompanied by Major
William C. Langfltt of the Second Regi
ment of Volunteer Engineers, First Lieu
tenant Bronson Winthrop, quartermaster
of the First New York, and First Lieu
tenant Lewis T. Griffith, assistant sur
geon of the First New York. These of
ficers have received certain Instructions
from Major General Merriam which they
will carry out Immediately upon their ar
rival at Honolulu. These instructions re
late principally to making arrangements
for the reception of the troops that are
to follow on next Monday on the trans
ports Lakme and North Fork, offered for
transport service by the Johnson-Locke
Mercantile Company. These two steam
ers wi'.l carry a battalion of the New
York rrgiment and the third battalion of
the Second Regiment of Volunteer En
gineers. They will also take 200,000 feet
of lumber for the c< -istruction of the
buildinjjs needed In the establishment of
the ni-w post at Honolulu. The number
of troops that the Lnkme and North Fork
will transport to Honolulu is estimated
at 750. The balance of the New York
regiment will be forwarded on the Charles
Nelson, about one week later.
Commissary Sergeant Andrew Wallen-
Bteln will accompany Captain P. M. Ly
d-ig, commissary of subsistence, to Hono
lulu on the St. Paul.
The Philippine expeditionary troops as
signed to the St. Paul for Manila will
embark to-day, under command of Lieu
tenant Lee Stover of the First South Da
kota. The recruits for the First Colorado
Volunteer Infantry will be in command of
Captain D. P. Howard, who has been sub
stituted for Captain Frank Carroll. The
St. Paul, however, will be in command
of Colonel Barber, the ranking officer, as
far as Honolulu.
The Scandia, after coming off the dry
dock. Will I*e sent to Angel Island for
fumigation, and will then be put in read
iness for the reception of troops. She
and the Arizona will sail together for
Manila.
In addition to the recruits that they
will carry they will take one full rai
ment and two more full regiments will
very [likely be sent to Manila on the_Tar
HE WILL THRASH
THE CONDUCTOR
SO DECLARES ATTORNEY BUR
NETTE Q. HASKELL.
A Jury Acquits the Lavryer of a
Charge of Disturbing the Peace
of th« People.
The case of Attorney Burnette G. Has
kell, charged by Conductor F. E. Hill of
tho Haight-street line with disturbing the
peace on his car on the Fourth of July,
was tried before a Jury in Judge I^ow's
•court yesterday afternoon. Attorney
Frank E. Kelly appeared for the prosecu
tion and Haskell conducted his own case.
F E. Hill, the conductor, testified that j
Haskell boarded his car with a lady. The j
car was crowded, but Haskell demand- d
a peat for the lady. She was given a !
Beat, and then Haskell demanded that she j
should get a seat on the dummy. Has- '
kfll became abusive and used very bad
language — so much so that witness ',
threatened to remove him from the car.
W. A. Bush, a passenger on the car, !
corroborated the conductor.
Mrs. R. B. Patterson, for the defense,
testified that Bhe boarded the car with
tho defendant to go home after viewing
the parade. The defendant roomed at her
house. Tho car was crowded inside, and
she was compelled to stand. The heat !
became unbearable, and the defendant I
asked the condu<aor to allow her to
stand on the reaf* platform, which was !
not crowded, but the conductor treated
her in a rudo manner.
Th»- defendant also testified that the
conductor acted in a rude way to Mrs.
Patterson. After he had paid the fares
ho demanded a seat for her. and then he
and the conductor had an altercation,
during which the conductor threatened
to throw him oft tho car.
The jury retired, and, after an absence
of two minutes, returned, and the fore
man, Jeremiah Deasy, announced a ver
dict Of not guilty. The defendant warmly
■hook hands with the Jurors, and re
marked audibly. "I will lick that con
ductor the first chance I get."
MARKET STREET PAVEMENT.
The Merchants' Association Supports
the Mayor and Supervisors.
At a meeting of the Merchants' Asso
ciation yesterday a long resolution was
passed with reference to the paving of
Market street. In it the merchants recite
that one of the objects of the body is to
eecure to the city clean streets and noise
less pavements, especially on the large
■ business thoroughfares. The present con
dition of Market street is something of
fensive to the eyes and humiliating to the
citizens, parts being paved with basalt,
cobble-stones, wooden blocks, etc. The
association has worked hard to have a
bituminous pavement laid, and now that
the movement is on foot to effect this end
It deplores the fact that the street rail
road companies are determined not to
Bta.nd their share of the expense by re
moving the old one-horse car tracks" and
making the whole of the roadway uni
form in the matter of the pavement. In
concluwion, the resolution states that:
Whereas, The Board of Supervisors has
declared by resolution that_ the portion of
eald street now occupied by tracks upon
which horse cars occasionally run 4s il
legally held by said Market-street Rail
way Company and has ordered the Su
perintendent of Streets to remove such
tracks on or before August 6, 1898; there
fore, be It
Resolved. That the Merchants' Asso
tar and Athenian, which are expected
here from the north In a few days.
TROOPS AT THE PRESIDIO.
No Deaths Reported at the
Division Hospita I—Sur1 — Sur-
geons on Duty.
Irfirge forces of men were busy yester
day at the Presidio digging trenches and
laying pipes to supply the camps with
wnter. As soon as this has been done the I
forces now at Camp Merritt will be '
moved over upon Uncle Sam's reserva- >
LEADER OF THE DAKOTAS.
COLONEL A T, FROST, South Dakota Volunteers, Who
Sailed on the Rio Janeiro and Whose Third Bat
talion Embarks on the St. Paul To-Daij.
elation hereby indorses the action of the
Board of Supervisors in crderlr.g the re
moval of the horse-car tracks from Mar
ket street, and hereby pledges the Super
visors and the Mayor the support of the
association in any contest that may arise
in their effort? to compel compliance with
the law; and be it further
Resolved. That the thanks of the Mer
chants' Association are hereby tendered
to the Supervisors and the Mayor for
their efforts to provide a smooth and
noiseless pavement for our chief artery of
trade and traffic, conspicuous at present
by reason of the disgraceful conJition of
Ub roadway.
AN UNEXPLODED SHELL.
A Souvenir From a Spanish
Cruiser Captured by Ad
miral Dewey.
G. W. Samuel, of 330% Fourth street,
has in his possession a relic of the pres
ent war, which, to use his own words,
"money can not buy." It is nothing more
or less than a two and a half-inch shell,
that was taken from tho Spanish auxil
iary cruiser, Callao, when that vessel waa
captured in Manila Bay by Admiral Dew
ey. The shell has boen weighed by Mr.
Samuel, and its weight is over eight
pounds. The base or cap of the shell
is of a brass and copper alloy, and It is
in this that the powder for its discharge
is loaded. The head of the shell Is fil!-d
with smaller iron balls that scatter when
the shell explodes. The explosion is by
concussion. This kind of missile, which is
one of the most deadly known, is very
effective at short range. This most In
teresting relic of the war was made a
present to Mr. Samuel by Mr. Bafandio,
the freight clerk of the steamer Aztec,
which has just returned from Hongkong.
The shell was brought over from Manila
THE SA:tf FRAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 28, 1898.
tlon. The Seventh California Regiment,
under Colonel Berry, was to have moved
over yesterday, but the order was coun
termanded.
There were no deaths yesterday at the
post or division hospital. There were 205
sick soldiers In the latter yesterday, and
of this number many are critically 111
with pneumonia.
Major Owen and lieutenant Page, sur
geons, will sail on the Scandia. This will
leave the division hospital under the
charge of Major Morris.
Captain Hitchcock, Company IT, First
New York, who has been confined In the
post hospital with pleurisy, has nearly
recovered. He will go south for a few
weeks to entirely recuperate.
to Hongkong by a sailor and sold to a
hotelkeeper named Goodchitd, and he in
turn gave it to Mr. Bafandio, who made
a present of it to Mr. Samuels.
This shell is fired from a Maxim-Nor
denfeldt rifle. Mr. Samuel has taken
the care to have the cap of the very dan
gerous relic unloaded, but even when
showing 1 it to his friends he handles the
Spanish souvenir in a very gingerly man
ner, and declares that he had rather be
behind one of its kind than in front.
THE IRISH FAIB.
An American Booth for the Central
Ground Space.
The general advisory board of the Irish
Fair met last night at the Occidental
Hotel, President James R. Kelly In the
chair.
Dr. C. F. Buckley was added to the
entertainment committee.
Manager Buckley reported that $4235 50
had been received for advertisements on
the programme; $2240 for rented floor
space; $3000 for the sale of $1 tickets, and
that donations of various natures had
been made which amount to $2000.
P. J. Healy, president of the executive
board, recommended that a prize should
be given for the best essay on "Union
df the Celtic Race of the world." The
reception committee has called a special
meeting at the l^angham Hotel for next
week. Mayor Phelan announces that ar
rangements will be perfected so that a
direct telegraphic arrangement may b©
had with President McKlnley.
For the parade on August 22 twenty
two carriages have been offered the exec
utive committee. Soliciting will positive
ly be prohibited on the floor. The sell
ing will be done in the booths.
Frank T. Shea reported that the
Knights of St. Patrick have secured the
central space of the Pavilion for the
Am'-rican booth, the feature of which will
be a replica on a diminutive scale of the
Capitol at Washington. The next meet
ing will be held at the Occidental Hotel,
two weeks from last night.
THE ELKS ACTIVE.
Golden Gate Lodge Will Give a
Ladies' Social and Then a Carni
val Ball — Suits in Prospect.
Golden Gate L.odge No. 6, Protective
Benevolent Order of Elks, has resolved
to give a grand carnival ball In the Me
chanics' Pavilion on Wednesday evening,
November 23. The following named have
been appointed an executive committee
to make all necessary arrangements:
John Coefleld, John H. Harney. Henry
Nevhoff, John T. Van Cleve, M. Levy,
Fred Rothinan, Frederick Belasco, S.
Graf and He-nry H. Davis.
it is the intention of the committee to
give an entertainment preliminary to the
grand inarch on that night, and as that
part of the programme will be under the
direction of Frederick Belasco, lessee of
the Alcazar Theater.it is a guarantee that
those who will attend will enjoy a treat
In the way of amusemont. The grand
march will be an Interesting one. in view
of the fact that many novel fatures will
be introduced.
Now that Judge Beawell of the Superior
Court has sustained/ the lodge and de
clared its corporate "existence legal, many
matters of a serious import, which were
held In abeyance pending tne result of the
quo warranto proceedings, will be carried
into operation. One of the projects is the
organizing of lodges throughout the
State. Another will be the institution of
a mandamus suit to have the charter re
stored, and still another an action to en
join all lodges In this State from using the
word Elk In any capacity.
It Is the Intention of the lodge to give a
Assistant Surgeon F. B. Robinson has
been assigned to the Utah troop of cav
alry. He reported yesterday for duty to
Captain Calr.e. The troop leaves here
next week for Sequoia ParK and the Yo
semite Valley.
The surgeons of the First New York
Regiment, by request, will begin the vac
cination of the battalion of engineers.
Captain 11. A. Springett. formerly of
Company B, Second Battalion, Second
Regiment of Volunteer Engineers, and
who was transferred to Company X of
the battalion now here, reported for duty
yesterday to Major Langfitt. The captain
has been Btatloned at Fort Sheridan, Illi
nois.
The ladies of the Red Cross distributed
to the men of the New York Regiment
yesterday, through lieutenant Colonel
Stacpole, aluminum Identification medals.
These have been given to the men of the
other regiments.
Colonel Wholley of the First Washing
ton Regiment inaugurated parade at the
Presidio last evening ■with the two bat
talions of his command that he has sta
tioned here. The beautiful ceremony will
take place every evening during the week,
with the exception of Saturday and Sun
daj'. It Is held upon the post parade
ground, and owing to the limited area the
battalions aro formed In column of
masses. The execution of the "Washington
troops in the ceremony speaks well for
the faithful manner In which they have
been drilled by their officers.
Private Lansing, Company C, First New
York Regiment, met with an accident
last night that will keep him from duty
for some time, and impress upon his mind
the fact that the way of the transgressor
Is hard. Lansing had been down town
and was returning to camp full of hilar
ity and booze, arid as the car turned the
sharp curve that leads into the Presidio
the soldier was thrown from the platform
of the car, and falling upon his face, was
very badly cut about his head and face.
He was taken to the hospital, where his
wounds were sewed up. It will be sev
eral days before he can attend to duty.
BREAK CAMP TO-DAY.
R^oute of March of the Third
South Dakota Battalion
and Recruits.
The Third Battalion South Dakota Vol
unteers, the Thirteenth Minnesota re
cruits and 155 of the First Colorado re
cruits will break camp at 8 o'clock this
morning, and as soon as they can get
their tents rolled up will take up their
march for the transport St. Paul.
The line of march will be much the
same as that of others; down Point Lobos
avenue to Central, along Central to Post,
down Post to Van Ness, thence to Golden
Gate avenue, and down Market to East
street and to the transport.
The Colorado recruits that will be left
behind were yesterday placed under the
command of Lieutenant Colonel Barnett
of the Tenth Pennsylvania, as were the
four companies of recruits from Oregon,
n<>v waiting transportation to their regl
nw nt.
EIGHTH CALIFORNIA.
The Medical Supplies Are Re-
ceived and Vaccination Is to
Be Begun This Morning.
CAMP BARRETT. Bather Station, July
27.— Major W. F. Dudley to-day received
a complete line of medical supplies from
the United States army depot in San j
Francisco. It includes every article :
necessary for the practice of surgery and j
medicine, all put up in uniform-sized j
wooden chests. In fact, it Is a complete
drugstore, with the addition of a modern
library. There is a medical case, a dress- I
Ing or surgeon's case and a field desk.
The desk is equipped with all the neces
sary blanks and forms, besides pen, ink,
pencils, etc. In speaking of this outfit.
Major Dudley said: "I have had consid
erable experience in hospital work, but I
have never seen a more complete equip
ment than this. It has everything from
penpoints to a library for the use of the
hospital corps, and will place us in a posi
tion to meet any kind of case presented."
Vaccine points were received to-day,
and the work of vaccinating the 1300 men
of the regiment will be begun to-morrow
(Thursday) morning. It is not expected
that more than one company will be
taken a day, but there will be no delay
in putting all through the operation. The
ladies' social at one of the prominent
theaters In a short time.
Robbed of His Clothes.
James McKenna, 11C Sixth street, is a
plucky young man. lie was rooming
with Walter Reid, and on July 20 Reid
PASSING OF ARTHUR M. JELLISON.
Fop Years Librarian of the Mechanics' Institute,
Arthur M. Jelllson, for year? the librarian of the Mechanics' Institute,
is dead. Surrounded by friends and loved ones ho passed away yesterday
■ afternoon after a protracted Illness of months. The cause of death vas
■ dropsy of the heart, and although the end was known to be Inevitable, It
• came suddenly and as a shock to his relatives.
Mr. Jellison's public career as librarian of the Mechanics' Institute,
• which position he held for ovec-twenty-two years, has been a commend
• able one. Entering the institution as a mere boy he worked his way ln
defatlgably to the position which he held up to a few weeks of his death.
One of the distinguishing traits of his character was a natural reserve
• which all through his career, both public and private, he maintained.
The decedent was 44 years of age and a native of Hfline. He was a
> son of Benjamin Jellison, one of San Fr&ncisco's pioneer liquor mer
> chants.
• The funeral obsequies will be heW to-morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock
> under the auspices of the Odd Fellows' Association, and at the hall on
• Seventh and Market streets.
general health of the men remains good
and the hospital only has minor cases to
care for. There were only thirty-five
men, all told, reported to the surgeon yes
terday. The greater number, however,
are treated and return to duty at once.
There are only about a dozen patients in
the hospital.
The big tent of the Army and Navy
Christian Commission is again within the
camp lines, to the great delight of the en
listed men. , After being deprived of its
use for a week, they can again go to It
to read and write while oft duty. The
quartermaster's depot has been moved
over to the east side of the camp, be
tween the band and the Red Cross So
ciety tents, and the vacant space utilized
for the big tent. It was thronged to
night with men, who listened to a good
strong and practical talk by D. Edwards
Collins, president of the California Bank
of Oakland.
The marked improvement of the men in
squad, company and battalion drills has
decided Colonel Henshaw to get the men
out for some extended regimental ma
neuvers. He has not as yet secured a
suitable tract of land in the vicinity of
the camp, but expects to soon, as he" has
several in view.
Adjutant D. A. Smith, who has held the
rank of captain in the Fifth Regiment,
N. G. C. while hoi-ling the same posi
tion, gets only the rank of firpt lieuten
ant. He appeared to-day with one of the
bars removed from his shoulder straps,
much to the surprise of the enlisted mon
and others not acquainted with the rank
of the staff.
The Oakland Ladies' Aid Society visited
camp this afternoon and presented every
member of Company F with a blue and
white handkerchief of large proportions,
to be used in protecting their necks from
the rays of the sun. The gifts were dis-
ORDERS TO MOVE RESCINDED.
The Seventh California Will Not Be Transferred
From Camp Merritt to the Presidio.
Contrary to the orders of Tuesday the Seventh Regiment of California
Volunteers will not move to the Presidio this morning. Colonel Berry
commanding the regiment called upon General Merriam yesterday after
noon and during a long conversation stated that his men had already
had two weeks' experience at the Presidio and that they were content to
remain where they were until they are embarked for the Philippines.
Though the camp equipment was nearly all packed and ready for the
vans, General Merriam immediately sent to General Miller at Camp Mer
ritt telegraphic instructions to rescind the orders Issued on Tuesday.
General Miller at once communicated these instructions to the officers
location,
of the Seventh and until It sails the regiment will remain In its present
It Is expected that the Fifty-first lowa will move for the Presidio to
morrow or the next day. The desire of the regiment is to get away from
Camp Merritt just as soon as orders can be Issued.
trlbuted after regimental parade, and
were received with three cheers.
The guard detail to-night consisted of
Captain J. J. Cahlll Company A, Chico,
officer of the day; Lieutenant C. C. Co
valt, Company F. Oakland, officer of the
guard, and Lieutenant F. M. Miller,
Company I, Grass Valley, super-officer of
the guard.
Corporal Leslie R. McKillican, who has
been acting drum major of the band, has
been relieved at his request, and goes
back to Company F. His place is taken
by Corporal Will McGregor of Company
E, Santa Rosa.
General W. H. L. Barnes of San Fran
cisco was a visitor in camp to-day. He
was the guest of his son, Captain Wil
liam S. Barne?, Company C.
Private Charles Evans of Nevada City,
who was injured some time ago in diving
while in swimming, is slowly sinking at
the County Hospital, and the physician
holds out little hope for his recovery. He
is conscious an of the time, but. there is
a hemorrhage of the spinal cord, which is
a difficult problem to handle.
THE TYPHOID FEVER.
Five Cases Developed Yesterday
Among the Regulars at
Camp Merr'tt.
Five more cases of typhoid fever de
veloped at Camp Mf-rritt yesterday and
were immediately removed to the field
hospital at the Presidio. Four of the cases
were discovered in the remaining- battal
ion of the Eighteenth Infantry, and the
skipped with $G0 worth of clothes belong
ing to his roommate. McKenna, after
a gre-at deal of trouble, located Reid at
Vallejo, and went there and had him ar
rested. Yesterday hp swore to a warrant
for Raid's arrest, and Detective Ryan
left with it for Vallejo to bring Reid
back.
fifth among the men of the Twenty
third.
The afflicted ones of the Eighteenth are
Privates Edgar Parker, Charles Christ
and Christ Murphy of Company M, and
Frank E. Smith of Company I. W. H.
Bacon Is the sole victim from the Twen
ty-third. The five cases discovered yes
terday bring the total of typhoid cases
already developed in camp up to thirteen.
Private Bush, of the Tenth Pennsyl
vania, who has been suffering from the
malady at the French Hospital for two
months past, is finally on the road to
recovery.
, ■ ■ *
A CLASH IN HIGH RANK.
Co 1 .. Barber of New York and
Col Stover of South Dakota
Spar for Command.
Lieutenant Colonel Lee Stover, com
manding the troops for the transport St.
Paul, and Colonel Thomas H. Barber,
commanding the New York volunteers
and a great deal of Influence, had some
little difference yesterday over the juris
diction of matters on the transport. It
has since been amicably arranged.
Although Colonel Stover has been or
dered by the department to take com
mand of all the troops on shipboard, he
yesterday found upon his arrival at the
dock that Colonel Barber had in a great
measure relieved him of his duties, like
wise his stateroom. As Colonel Barber
is accompanying the expedition on de
tached service and had no orders *o
usurp the office delegated to Colonel Sto
ver his right to the stateroom and to the
command were vigorously disputed In
fact, the lieutenant colonel went so far
as to lock his stateroom against the fur
ther ingress of Colonel Barber, and for a
time things looked interesting.
The matter was finally disposed of by
referring it to the department. As a re
sult Colonel Barber will command the
St. Paul until the boat's arrival at Hono
lulu, and after that Colonel Stover will
have his chance.
WESTERN HOSPITALITY.
ban Francisco's Reception to
the New Yorkers Receives
Hearty Praise.
The Times-Union of Albany, N V of
July 20, publishes an Interesting letter
from Private John B. Creighton of the
First New fork Regiment, now at the
Presidio, in the course of which he says:
"It was not, however, until we reached
Sacramento that we learned what West
ern hospitality is. The Red Cross ladies
were at the station In large numbers.
Every soldier received a substantial meal
of sandwiches, hard-bcile.d eggs, coffee
and fruit. Each man was presented with
a beautiful bouquet of cut flowers. But
best of all the people were there to greet
us as friends, not at all as curiosities
Their sympathy was of the tangible sort.
As the train rolled out of the station the
earnest cheers from a thousand soldiers
THE ANGLER AND THE PIKE.
How Two Noted Fishermen Were
Trapped and the Wrong Man
Accused.
F. M. Haight, a popular salesman of
Clabfough, Golcher & Co/ was agreeably
surprised on Tuesday afternoon when a
messenger from Wells, Fargo & Co. hand
ed him a package which contained a
large fish.
There were quite a few prominent ang
lers in the store at the time of the ar
rival of the supposed lordly representa
tive of Russian River and wagers were
qtiickly made as to what variety of the
fresh water denizen the package con
tained.
Some guessed black bass, others striped
bass, others steelhead, but Will Golcher
having caught a glimpse of the six-pound
monster through the sack, ventured to
say pike or "hard mouth," more com
monly called.
Golcher hit the nail on the head. When
the sack in which the llsh was neatly
bound was opened, Mr. Pike put in a
very strong appearance, much to the dis
gust of the consignee and the pleasure
of the witnesses who subsequently drank
to the health and success of Mr." Haight
and the friend who was so thoughtful as
to ship him a "prize beauty" from the
far distant fishing ground.
Haight was nonplused. He thought of
all manner of schemes regarding the
proper disposal of the pike, and finally
struck an idea.
"There is 'Honest' John Butler, who al
ways remembers me whenever he goes
bass fishing." thought Haight to himself
and here is an opportunity of returning
compliments," etc.
Quickly the name Haight was erased-
T ro u m t J5 e Wells-Fargo tag and the name
John Butler substituted. The fish was
again shipped through the express com
pajiy to Mr. Butler, who received it right
side up with care.
It is hardly necessary to state that But
ler was a target for many hard jokes
and expressions of fishy thoughts from
friends who witnessed the unpacking- of
the poor old pike.
t "* Now - Ti ha l d 0 you tnink of m >' frlend
John Gallagher, who wag kind enough
to ship me this beautiful fish free of
charge?" remarked Butler, as his eagle
eyes feasted on the unpalatable king of
the pike family. "I know what I shall
do with it. I will present it to some of
my cash customers who cannot tell the
difference between a pike and a king
salmon."
Butler then addressed a letter to Mr
Gallagher, who is angling for bass on
Russian River, thanking him for kind re
tn< mbrance and intimating that a bass
wruld be preferable to a pike. When
Gallagher received Butler'B letter he an
swered by telegraph:
"What's the matter with you, John?
Got 'em again? I haven't shipped you a
fish of any kind. GALLAGHER."
YACHTSMEN WILL CELEBRATE
Edna's Owner Will Fill the Wallace
Trophy To-Night.
To-night yachtsmen will make merry
at the house of the California Yacht Club
on Oakland Creek. Admiral E. \ yon
Schmidt will turn over the Wallace tro
phy, which he won both in 1896 and 1597
with his sloop Whirlwind, to Commodore
C. J. Lancaster, who will present it to
this year's winner. Captain E. F. Sager
owner of the sloop Edna, which defeated
E. N. Walter's sloop Embla in the race
held for the trophy on July 17 Captain
Sager will lill the trophy, which is a ca
pacious and handsome punchbowl, with
the products of the Eisen Vineyard, and
fairly shook the roofs of the great train
shed. We always knew that California
was 'all right,' but we were doubly sure
of it when v.'c had crossed its borders.
Four hours later we were at Oakland,
where we waited until 7 o'clock Thursday
morning, and then boarded the great
steamer Piedmont for San Francisco.
"At the San Francisco pier we were met
by a fine band, the First Tennessee,
which escorted us to a large hall, beau
tifully decorated with flowers and flags.
Here the Red Cross Society gave us a
royal welcome and a much appreciated
lunch. It is no exaggeration to say that
no finer company of women were ever
seen in this or any other coutnry than
those who met us at the San Francisco
pier under the auspices of the Red Cros3
Society. The culture, refinement and
wealth of the city were there represent
ed. Besides the breakfast each man was
given a souvenir postal card and a pencil
to send a message home. Flowers were
given in such abundance that 1 ncle
Sam's soldiers looked more like high
school boys coming from their commence
ment exercises than men going to battle.
Tt was indeed, a memorable sight to see
bouquets of American Br-auy roses tucked
behind cartridge belts holding forty
rounds of ammunition and gun-barrel«
blossoming with oleanders."
ABSTRACTED SUPPLIES.
Quartermaster Sergeant of the
Twentieth Kansas Arrested
for Embezz'ement
Sergeant James A. Young, regimental
quartermaster sergeant of the Twentieth
Kansas Volunteers, was yesterday or
dered to his quarters to await trial before
the court martial now in session upon a
charge of embezzlement under the 60th
article of war.
It was discovered yesterday by Colonel
Funston that since Young took up tho
duties of his office he has been conduct-
Ing a prosperous business on his own ac
count at the expense of the Government.
Scarcely a day has passed that he has
not sent a wagon load of stuff abstracted
from the Government stores under his
charge down town in the delivery wagon
of a prominent grocery house. It has
been his scheme to take smoking and
chewing tobacco in exchange for the
stolen goods and dispose of it to the men
of the regiment.
As far as Young's peculations have been
investigated he is discovered to be over
*10J short in his stores.
Drill and Old Army Songs.
Next Saturday evening. In the Mechan
ics" Pavilion, will be given one of the
most unique military drills that has so
far taken place this summer. The lowa
regiment, which, along with its famous
band, so creditably distinguished it
self In its exhibition several weeks
ago, will appear. Besides the regimental
and battalion drills, two strikingly novel
features, which will be announced to
morrow, are on the programme. The
drilling will be interspersed with old
army songs, by a selected chorus, and a
promenade concert and drill will follow
until 12 o'clock. The affair will be under
the auspices of the San Francisco Lincoln
Relief Corps. General admission, 25 cents.
A few seats which are to be reserved will
be on sale at Sherman & Clay's, at 50
cents.
Assigned to Duty.
Second Lieutenant Allen C. Wright of
the Eighteenth Infantry and Second Lieu
tenant A J. McKab of tlie TvwntvV-tbini
Infantry, both recently appointed, Waving
reported at military headquarters, have
been temporarily assigned for duty with
the battalions of their respective regi
ments at Camp Merritt.
War Incidents.
Division Quartermaster Jeffries has
been ordered to determine the number of
mattress covers that will be necessary to
the troops now in camp at the Presidio
and at Camp Merritt. It would seem that
the nights of sleeping on the damp sand
are numbered.
Captain Huffman has recommended the
discharge of Private Glen Benedict of th«
Oregon recruits. Benedict has become In
sane, and it is necessary to keep him
under guard.
a general jollification will be held. Postal
cards requesting their attendance have
been issued to all the members of the
California Yacht Club by Secretary G.
F. Gaither. and a general invitation has
been extended to all the yachtsmen on
the bay. The Mist quartet has promised
its services, and Frank Thompson will
assist in making the evening a pleasant
one. The entertainment will begin at
about S o'clock. No time has been set for
its conclusion. Tobacco and corncob pipes
will bo available, and an all-round good
time is expected.
. ♦ ■
YOUNGSTERS DO BATTLE.
Lively Bouts at the San Francisco
Athletic Club Last Evening.
Two slashing six-round bouts and an
abundance of preliminary "goes" were
witnessed by a large number of fight fol
lowers at the San Francisco Athletic Club
last "night. Although little srore was
spilled there was enough stiff punching
to satisfy the most hardened ring-goers.
Jack Ennls and "Billy" Perry, two 125
pound youngsters of the popular club,
furnished the first interesting event.
Perry's height and reach favored him in
the first part of the bout, but Ennis'
hard punching evened matters. Perry
gained a lead in the first two rounds, but
after that Ennis showed to advantage.
The latter was a two-handed fighter, and
assuming the aggressive landed repeat
edly on his opponent. Perry was not at
all" backward and threw in some stiff
lefts which gained the approval of the
crowd. Both men showed willingness, and
blows rained hard and fast. At the con
clusion of the sixth round Referee Mc-
Laughiin declared the fight a draw.
In the bout between, Jack McMahon and
Fddie Toy, also 125-pound representatives
of the club the former was declared win
ner after six rounds of lively fighting.
Mcllßhon showed superior science, while
Toy possessed grit and strength. This,
however did not avail Toy, as he was the
recipient of nearly all the blows. Judges
"Kid" Parker and Gus Koster favored
MoMahon. and he was given the decision.
The preliminary events were participat
ed in by Hogan and Dean, Whipple and
Dierks Ganfield and Wiley and Devine
and McDevitt.
It Was a Tie Vote.
The Supreme Court has approved th«
judgment of the Superior Court of Tu
lare County in the contest of J. W.
Thomas and M. W. Smith for the office
of Supervisor of the Third District. Soon
after the last election the two candidates
appealed to the court, which found that
each had received the same number of
votes. However, the court gave judgment
in favor of Thomas, and the higher
court's decision is that thfrc is no rea
son for disturbing the judgment of tha
lower court.
St. Georgge for Red Cross.
Mesdames E. Witts, A. Brierly, R. Hew
itt. E. J. Williams, S. Clack and G. Muhl
ner, who compose the committee of ar
rangements ,of the entertainment that is
to be given by the Sons and the Daugh
ters of St. George in aid of the Red Cross
Society, in Union-square Hall, announce
that, owing to unforeseen circumstances,
the event will have to be postponed from
the 3d to the 10th of August. The tickets
that have been sold for next Wednesday
wl>l be received on the following Wednes
day.
THE CRYKTAT, SWIMMIKT. TIATHS
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm se*
water tub and swimming baths, North Beach.AN AFFIDAVIT
WITH FAMILY
AFFAIRS IN IT
Michael Hawkins Asks for a
New Trial of the Old
Suit.
Alleges That the Executors of the Estate of
Annie Donahue Have Violated a Con
tract With Him.
Michael Hawkins filed a sensational
and voluminous affidavit in the office of
the County Clerk yesterday. In that
paper Mr. Hawkins i tes m itters
dating bnok for twenty years, and In
cidentally cites much Interesting his
tory In connection v ith the affairs of
his cousin, the late P< ier Donahue, a
eer millloi Ity.
The affidavit was made in support of
a motion for a new trial in the case
of Michael Hawkins vs. Eleanor Mar
tin and J. Downey Harvey, executors
of the • I Peter Donahue's
widow.
The deponent is well known to the
business men of this city, he having
of the real estate firm of Daly &
Hawkins, which, less than tw
years ago, enjoyed an income of $2f>oo
per month, with otfice expenses of only
Hawkins came of good old Irish
stock, and was a thoroughbred in those
: his was a familiar rigure on
Montgomery street with a silk hat
i rakishiy i n the right side of
itaway coat buttoned up
iy, a pair <>f tight pan-
B fresh boutonniere in his
: and a light cane carried
jauntily in his hand. In the palmy
days his note was good for a couple of
hundred thousand d>>..ars. To-day he
ir and verging on the sere and
w leaf, and although his wardrobe
; - as it used to be In
the halcyon days when Comstock
- Bold for $1200, it is just as neat
and has not lost any of its pristine
grace.
The times for him have changed sad
ly, and he has Joined the hopeful army
of Jarndyce vs. Jarndyce. and being
hopeful is cheerful withal. The af
fidavit filed yesterda- by himself as
attorney for himself tells the story of
the dark ages of his fortune. It is
the last cast of the die. He believes
himself to have been grievously
wronged, and cails upon the courts to
give him another trial in the Jousts of
the law.
The story leading up to the present
litigation Is as follows: The firm of
Daly & Hawkins being unable to
for reasons not stated, it was resolved
that it should dissolve. The assets
of the firm, as stated by Mr. Hawkins.
abilities about $151,
paving a surplus of (60,000 to be
divided between the two partners af
ter ail the debts had been paid. But
. I not agree as to the division
le surplus assets, and it was de
the affairs of the firm
In the hands of an assignee for the
the creditors. Mr. Hawkins
ted John O'Kane as assignee for
• rm, and it was agreed that after
the division of the $60,000 Mr. Daly was
to retire and that Mr. Hawkins was to
Bucceed to the good will and the emol
ts of the business.
Everything looked well for the new
ire, and Peter Donahue, the
wealthy cousin, spent a day or two at
ihe' office to recommend Cousin Haw
kins • to the former patrons of the
inn. But a cloud of law, foreshadow
ing a cyclone of disastrous litigation,
darkened the sky. After O'Kane had
• led the deed of assignment, and
after Daly & Hawkins had passed
over their real and personal assets and
after O'Kane had placed the firm's
stock, notes, etc., in Dono
h. c. ' Kelly & Co.'S bank, John T.
Doyle, the eminent lawyer, filed suits
5f attachment against the property for
the sums due Eugene Kelly, Joseph A.
hoe and Peter J. and Margaret
hue. The latter two had just
come into the possession of their es
tate valued at $4,000,000, the debt of
the 'firm to them being a little less
than $12,000.
Lawyer Doyle advised O'Kane to get
out of the assigneeship and O'Kane
asked him to show a way whereby he
could do this without friction or dam
aging responsibility. Doyle replied
rhat he could not act for or advise him
because he was attorney for the ad
interests of Peter J. and Marga
ret O'Kane thereupon employed
Frank J. Sullivan of the firm of Sulli
van & Cole, and Sullivan filed a suit at
tacking the validity of the assignment
by Daly & Hawkins to him. The as
signment papers had been drawn up
by General Barnes and had liecn sup
posed to be fireproof. Immediately
Bfter the institution of this suit the Hl
hernia Bank intervened with a suit to
t a claim of $5000 which it
held against the firm.
When the issues came to trial Judge
Daingerfield of the old Twelfth Dis
trict Court mad" a decree that no es
could lapse for want of a trustee
and ordered o'Kane to reconvey all
fhe real estate of the firm back to Daly
ft Hawkins and the personal property
to the Sheriff. From this judgment
the Hfbernla Bank took an appeal to
the Supreme Court and tied up the
GRAPE-NUTS. "
A SECOND DISH.
Proved Too Much for Actual "Need
and Showed the Value of
Condensed Food.
"When the new food was first placed
In my store I took a package home to
try. The name, "Orape-Nuts ' had at-
tracted my attention and the state-
ment that it was partly composed of
grape-sugar exclt(d my interest, as we
all know that grape-sugar, made by
certain methods of treating the cereals,
■is one of the most nourishing and di-
gestible articles that can be eaten.
"1 rather expected to like the food,
but was not expecting that the chil-
dren would take so kindly to it. Each
one of the little folks, however, passed
up the saucer for a second suuplv and
fo did I.
"It is a delicious novelty and very
grateful to the palate. I found, about
midway in my second dish, that I had
sufficient for a meal and realized for
the first time that I was eating a con-
densed food that supplies one's wants
with a few spoonfuls and dops not re-
quire anything like the volume to
furnish the amount of food required,
hen any of the ordinary forms of
cereals are served. Grape-Nuts are
an elegant food and the Postum Cereal
Co., Lim., are to be congratulated upon
\hp discovery," said M. C. Goossen, the
well known fancy grocer of Grand
Rapids.
' estate so that neither the assignee nor
Daly & Hawkins could act in the
matter.
P^ver since that time the matter has
been fought in the courts, and after
much contention Hawkins accepted
i from the late Annie Donahue a pay
! ment of $10 per week, he alleges, for
the remainder of his life, in satisfaction
of his claims against the Donahue
family as represented by her. But
after her death J. Downey Harvey, one
of her executors, refused to carry nut
the agreement and Hawkins thereupon
sued Eleanor Martin and Harvey, the
executors of the Donahue estate, for
the purpose of forcing them to carry
out the agreement.
The affidavit filed yesterday begins '
FOUGHT THE CASE FOR TWENTY YEARS.
Michael Hawkins, Cousin of Peter Donahue, Who Asks for a
New Trial of His Suit.
at this point. It was drawn by Mr. i
Hawkins himself, he acting as his own
attorney and is very circumstantial
and frank. It recites the agreement
and states that the ten dollars per
week were paid during the life-time of
Annie Donahue and that it ceased |
after Monday, December 7, 1856, Annie i
Donahue having died on December 12,
between two pay days.
Upon the refusal by the executors,
Hawkins filed suit for $9725 alleged to
be due him from the estate of Annie
Donahue. According to the affidavit,
when the suit came to trial, John T.
Doyle went on the stand and swore
that the payment of ten dollars a week
to Hawkins was a mere gratuity dur
ing the life-time of Annie Donahue, and
not Intended as a settlement. The
plaintiff was nonsuited.
Hawkins, in the affidavit, alleges
that Doyle, in his letters to him on the
subject, had never mentioned anything
to the effect that the payments were
intended as a gratuity, and he asserts
that he would have Indignantly spurn
ed and refused any gratuity, and that
he was defrauded of his rights in the
premises by "treachery and conspir
acy" and that Doyle well knew what
the arrangement was, for it originated
in the month of March, 1879, nineteen
years ajid three months before, in
Doyle's office, in a suit instigated and
suggested by Doyle himself, to set
aside on the ground of fraud a deed of
trust that the affiant had made to his
cousin Peter Donahue. The affidavit
goes on to say further:
That this affiant verily believes and
therefore deposes iir.d says that said suit
and other s-lmll:ir suits against this af
fiant were conceived in the mind of said
Doyle and urged by him upon hie clients
the bank of Donohoe, Kelly & Co., on ac
count of said Doyle's personal and malig
nant hatred of and hostility to said P«ter
Donahue; that wald deep-seated rancor,
hate and hostility upon the part of said
Doyle was occasioned by the action of
said Peter Donahue in the year 1866. sum
marily dismissing said John T. Doyle,
who hail been employed as his, said Pe
ter's, attorney; that this affiant further
deposes and says that the said Peter
Donahue made known to this affiant and
others the reason for his abrupt and sum
mary dismissal of said Doyle, : -..-imply,
that during the absence of said Peter
Donahue from the State in said year 1805,
said Donahue being compelled to go to
New York In that year, I. ft. with said
Jojiii T. Doyle his full power of attorney
to manage and transact his business In
this State during his absence; that said
Donahue was absent six months ; upon
looking into his affairs after his return
he dismissed raid Doyle in the summary
manner aforesaid; that Peter was always
outspoken in giving his unsatisfactory
business experience with said 1 >oyle and
his management of his affairs; that until
the date of Peter's d«au In Utffi. he
(Doyle) had never crossed the threshhoU
of Peter Donahue's home nor had he
ever entered his (said Peters) office,
hence the hostility Doyle manifested
In said suits, particularly the suit
to set aside the deed of trust of this af
fiant to said Peter in March, 1879, four
teen years later.
The affidavit proceeds to haul Doyle
over the coals for raising objections to
a codicil in the will of Mary Ann Dona
hue because of an informality, and re
cites that Doyle's insistence upon legal
forms harassed the beneficiaries under
the codicil. The affidavit goes on:
This affiant further deposes and says
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 28, 1898.
that said Dnyle to gratify his malevolent
and evil nature intimidated said O'Kane.
assignee, and likewise influenced Howard
Havens, partner in the Donohoe, Kelly
& Co. bank, to so misrepresent, frighten
and intimidate said O'Kane not to act
as assignee for said estate of Daly &
Hawkins, notwithstanding Doyle, the law
yer, and Havens, the banker, well knew
that said O'Kane had in his name the
deed of assignment of all of their valu
able estate, and had ratified his accept
ance of said deed by a solemn oath that
he would protect their estate to the best
of his ability, yet they kept on persuad
ing and intimidating him until they fin
ally coerced said O'Kane to refuse to file
his bond as assignee; thus the valuable
estate of Daly & Hawkir.s was let go to
waste. O'Kane did not act, yet the deed
of the estate was on record in his name,
and nobody else could a<-r.
The affidavit goes on in this vein
unto the end. It treats of other mat
ters which in the main are not of pub
lic interest, and through it all there
sounds a note of grievance, of in
justice done and done under the forms
of law. The paper enters minutely Into
conversations and gives copies of let
ters written by Doyle and others. It
contains nearly 2G.000 words and is re
markably well written for a man who
had no education as a lawyer, its only
defect being Its historical character
and its references to subjects which
would not be deemed material to the
issue in a court of law. One of the
Doyle letters is characteristic and is
quoted here:
Rooms 38. 37. 38.
916 Market street, Columbia building,
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal..
April 25. 1595.
My Dear Sir: Mrs. Donahue don't care
whether Mr. Hawkins accepts the $10 per
week I offer or not. If he accepts she will
put at O'Farrell & Co.'s $10 per week for
him. which he can draw while he behaves
himself; but the condition is that he shall
quit talking or writing letters to any of
us, you or Mrs. .Donahue, or Mrs. Martin,
or Mr. Harvey or myself, about this
claim. He may commence as many law
suits as lie Bees lit. When he begins
a train writing letters and seeking inter
views we will stop payment of this sti
p.■ml. That is all there is about it. Tours
truly. JOHN T. DOYLE.
To Mr. Thomas Donahue,
The following Interesting bit of fam-
ily history appears in the affidavit and
is a fair Bample of Mr. Hawkins' abil
ity as a domestic historian:
Affiant had always from his early
childhood looked upon said Peter Dona
hue more as an elder brother that a cou
sin. He met his first wife, a good.amlable,
accomplished hospitable and beautiful
woman, at affiant's parents' home in
Paterson, NT. J., In 1852, upon his first trip
in June of that year, from California, to
purchase material for the erection of the
gaa works ever built in ban Fran
cisco, his brotht-rs, James and Michael,
with himself, having secured the contract
to light this city with gas. On leaving
ag.-iin. in September, ls. r .2. for California
he brought his bride with him, who be
came the mother of his children, and it
was this mother who wished this affiant
to be tin; godfather to her only son, the
late James M. Donahue, whose good
mother was? taken from this world .two
yfars later in giving birth to another
child. Her husband remained unmarried
for nearly four years, and never during
those years, wealthy and prominent
as he was. was there any entanpling al
liances or scandal attached to or connect
ed with his naive. He was a man of
high moral character and deep religious
convictions. Affiant further deposes and
says that there was no courtship attend
ing his Becond marriage. The lady lived
In Los Angeles, and one General Caz
neau. a friend of ex-Governor John G.
Downey, one day, when In Peter's com
pany, said to him: "Here, Peter; you are
unhappy without a wife; why don't you
go down to Los Angeles and marry the
Governor's Bister, Annie." Peter, always
Impulsive, replied, "I believe 1 will, Caz
neau." So the next day they took the
steamer and started for Los Angeles, and
news came back from Los Angeles by
mall to the family, within a week, that
he had taken a second wife. This af
fiani depos* . a that the said Gen
eral Thomas N. Cazneau related substan
tially to tiiis affiant the foregoing account
of the second marriage of affiant's cou
sin, the said Peter Donahue, shortly after
that occurrence.
Some years ago Hawkins entered the
carriage of Mrs. Annie Donahue and in
the course of the conversation which
ensued Hawkins' pistol was discharged.
H>> was arrested, but he disclaimed
any intention of injuring Mrs. Dona
hue. The affidavit gives the following
account of the affair:
Some days after affiant's interview with
said Doyle, in which he, Doyle, made
known to affiant that his client would
never pay affiant 1 cent of his claim,
affiant walking south along the east side
<>f Montgomery street, was saluted by the
coachman of the said Annie Donahue,,
seated upon the box of her carriage, In
full dress suit with cockade in hat. over
coal with great buttons, etc. The car
riage was In front of Mr. Doyle's office.
She then entered her carriage; it was
a one-seated coupe. The coachman start
ed the horses upon the turn across the
street, when this affiant opened the door
opposite the one by which his cousin's
widow bftd entered and quietly took the
vacant seat alongside of hlii cousin's
widow, politely raising his h;it nnd salut
ing the said Mrs. Donahue; that this affi
ant further deposes and Bays that what
ever sins of omission or commission he
may Vie called upon to ask God's pardon
for, for acts done by him In this life,
this carriage call upon his cousin's widow
on the 22d day of May, ISB9. will not be
one of them or among their number, for
the fear, terror, horror and despair that
came upon her usual stoic nature, upon
seeing me, I shall never forget or regret.
I was surprised and amazed at it. She
flod from ncr carriage. * • • As she
left the carriage there was a loud report.
heard of after all over the city, • • •
and it reverberated and echoed from this
city and penetrated through every city,
town, village and hamlet in every county
of this broad State, and resulted in con
vincing all good people that her husband
made no mistake in his "will," and it
still Keeps echoing and It will never die
out of h*r hearing. I was, thank God,
t:ie cause of the noise, but nobody was
hurt. It was not intended there should
be, yet it was through the special efforts
of yourself (Doyle) and your two part
ners, Messrs. Galpin & Zeigler, assisting
and prompting the prosecuting attorney
of the Police Court, that I was held by
the committing magistrate to appear be
fore the Superior Court.
Another interesting episode men
tioned in the document is the following,
describing a talk between Hawkins and
Peter Donahue when Peter was sick in
bed:
Affiant expressed his sympathy and re
gret to and for Peter, and the cause of it.
when Peter raised himself from the bed
and said, "Oh, Michael, this fight is not
at you. it is at me; this is the work of my
enemy, John T. Doyle, to get his revenga,
and he has so managed it through that
d d stupid shoemaker, John O'Kane, to
make it appear before the public as if
my brother James' children were lighting
at me. Oh, if my brother James were
alive, his children would not have done
this." Affiant replied, "Cousin, I know it
is Doyle's work, and it is his fight at you,
but 1 will make it mine. I will take your
fight upon my shoulders, and I can beat
Doyle." Peter said to affiant, "Ah.
Michael, you do not know Doyle as well
as I do." Affiant has, to the date of this
writing, 11:30 p. m., Monday, 25th July,
ISPB, been in that fight with Doyle for now
nineteen years and four months, and still
Doyle and affiant are in conflict over thy
home affiant deeded in trust to his cousin
Peter, he now having associated with
him, Doyle, the nephew of said Peter's
widow. J. Downey Harvey, the executor
defendant herein.
Mr. Hawkins personally served a
copy of the affidavit upon Garret Mc-
Enerney yesterday and Mr. McEner
ney admitted service of the document.
When asked last night for a statement
concerning the matter Mr. McEnerney
said:
"I have not yet had time to read the
affidavit filed by Mr. Hawkins on his
own motion for a new trial, but he is
insane and everybody knows it. He
was up before the Commissioners for
Insanity some years ago. This suit
has been running along for the last
twenty years, and it has been decided
four or five times. During the life
time of the late Mrs. Donahue he shot
at her and was sent to jail for a year
for it. He is laboring under a sup
posed grievance. There are no new
facts in the case that I know of. He
claims that he deeded his house worth
$2r>,000 to Peter Donahue and the Hi
bernla Bank foreclosed on it. Hawkins
brought suit against Donahue's execu
tors and the suit was decided in their
favor. He woe continually thereafter
writing letters to Mrs. Donahue, and
the executors pave him $10 per week
just to keep soul and body alive.
Hawkins, supposing that this gratuity
was fur life, brought suit for it, and It
was proved that there was no contract
whatever and that it was a gratuity."
WHERE STAMPS MUST GO.
Batch of Important Decisions From
the Treasury Department.
The following list of decisions relative
to the new stamp tax law was received by
Collector Lynch yesterday:
A 2-ccnt stamp is required on an order
for cash drawn on a merchant by one of
his customers.
Certificates of deposit drawing Interest,
if left a certain time, are taxable the
same as promissory notes.
If papers in the nature of receipts are
given In lieu of checks and are used as
commercial negotiable instruments they
are checks and not receipts, and are sub
ject tO tax.
Where certificates of stock are delivered
as collateral, the stock to be forfeited
only upon condition of failure to pay the
debt for which it is. pledged, a stamp is
required as a pledge and not as a sale.
Heal estate mortgage notes require to
be stamped In addition to the stamps
placed on the mortgage. ; -**.
Where there is a pledge of property ac
companying and promissory note, which
pledge Is subject to stamp tax under sched
ule A, this stamp tax must be paid, not
withstanding the fact luat-a stamp is also'
required on the note connected with it.
In cases of loans on real estate where
promissory notes are given, which are
not paid at maturity, but on which an
extension of time of payment is granted
without the taking of an ew note, it is
held that every such extension is a re
newal of the note within the meaning of
the statute, and that the. requisite stamp
must be affixed for every such renewal
or extension. This also applies to notes
discounted before July 1, falling due on
or after that date.
The person who signs and issues a bank
check without affixing the proper stamp
becomes involved in liability to penalties
under section 10 of the act, unless it is
W. H- STALLARD ar>d t\)2 Woman He Tried to Kill-
shown that he had no design to evade
the payment of the stamp tax. and that
the requisite stamp was affixed. and can
celed by the bank or person upon whom
It was drawn before payment.
BuCfcet-shop proprietors giving mem
orandum Of transactions are required to
P^h% P rc^t tt i a ri X ca a t SS e br oo OO f ker stoclc is sold and
stamn tax is paid on memorandum there
of upon transfer of this certflcato to
purchaser's name, no additional tax for
such transfer Is required. Where one cer
tificate represents several shares of stock
(howover large the number of shares) on
the transfer of this certificate the stamp
tax is to be reckoned on its face value
and not on the face value of each sepa
rate share of stock which it represents.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Rush I.nrkln Its.! swlmmln; Russian, hot and
cold tub bathe; salt wafr dlnv-t from ocean.
» "Reduction in Rates.
The Southern Pacific, In order to me«t
the reductions of the Panama line and
the clipper vessels, has again reduced
rates for the following commodities:
Wine in wood, applying from all wine
shipping points in California to New Or
leans G.'ilveston. Houston and New \ork.
to 40 cents; glue. 40 cents; rags, 50 cents;
rubber junk SO cents, and canned salmon.
40 cents Trie rates on the last four com
modities apply from California ter
minals to New Orleans 'and New York.
Ladlei* tcllor-made ?ults; latest des!gn»; w*
five credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Sutter. r. 8 & 7
Tarrasch Beats Pillsbury.
VIENNA. July 27.— The first of the four
games of the chess match between. Pills
bury and Tarrasch was played to-day and
was won by Tarrasch.
?'. » ♦ »
Advances made on furniture and pianos, wit!"
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission ,
SOUGHT TO
TAKE HIS
WIFE'S LIFE
Cowardly Crime of W.
H. Stallard.
SHOOTS HIS VICTIM TWICE
THE TRAGEDY OCCURRED IN A
FIRST-STREET CAPE,
To Justify His Act the Would-Be
Assassin Seeks to Slacken the
Woman's Reputation — Not
Dangerously Hurt.
Infuriated at her refusal to endure his
brutality any longer, William H. Stallard
deliberately shot his wife twice, shortly
alter noon yesterday. The shooting took
place in the Royal Restaurant, 14 First
street, when the place was tilled with
patrons, and that the woman was not
killed is due to her assailant's poor
marksmanship and his seizure before he
could lire again.
The tragedy was the culmination of
many years of marital infelicity, owing
to the husband's excessive indulgence in
intoxicants, which had developed all the
latent brutality and viciousness of his
nature.
The couple were married in Denver in
1874, where Stallard was employed as
switchman In the yards of the Union
Pacific Company. They have one son, 23
years of age, who is still in Denver. For
a time the Stallards lived happily to
gether, but gradually he fell into evil
ways and began to maltreat his wife in
a shameful manner, while his conduct
toward his son became so intolerable that
the youth was compelled to leave home.
Two years ago Stallard's intemperate
habits caused his dismissal from the rail
road company's employ, and then he gave
himself up entirely to drinking 1 whisky
and beating the poor woman who was
struggling to earn a living for them both.
Not only did he kick and strike her al
most daily, but he would forcibly take
her earnings and purchase liquor.
So unendurable became the life she was
leading that Mrs. Stallard fled from the
brute a year ago last March, coming to
San Francisco. She had a married sis
ter residing at 624 Fourth street, and there
Mrs. Stallard took up her residence. She
secured employment In the Emporium
and lived in comparative peace and con
tentment until one day Stallard found her
out.
'.the usual promises of reformation were
made, the usual reconciliation ensued, and
Stallard and his wife began life anew in
the Fourth-street house. He obtained a
position as switchman in the Southern
I'acific yards, but hardly had he started
to work before he renewed his former
habits. And now he found a new source
of torment for his wife. About the time
Mrs. StaUard started for San Francisco
an old Denver neighbor, named Budd,
also came West, and Stallard frequently
accused his wife of having eloped with
him. Nobody knew the charge was base
less better than Stallard himself, yet he
would work himself into a frenzy over
what he termed his wife's pernd"*' and
vent his rage upon her in the most brutal
manner. Frequently Mrs. Stallard's
brother-in-law and other occupants of the
house found it necessary to interfere to
save her from her husband's violenc<>
Stallard again lost his position because
of his habitual drunkenness, and last
April ho returned to Denver, his wife
having refused to have anything more
to do with him. Mrs. Stallard soon after
resigned her position in the Emporium to
accept the position of forf-woman in a
factory at an increased salary, but she
only held the new position a few weeks
when her predecessor returned to work
and she was thrown out of employment.
Two months ago Mrs. Stallard obtained
a place in the overall factory of Neubauer
Urns at lh First street, but her pay was
meager, and she was obliged to give up
her rooms in the Fourth-street house,
going to board with some friends named
ftann at 1063 Tennessee street. Here she
found peace and quiet, and though her
work was hard and her compensation
barely sufficient to meet her modest
needs she struggled bravely and con
tentedly on, rarely leaving her home ex
cept to go to her employment
Last Monday, while busy at her work
the door opened and Mrs. Stallard
confronted by her recreant husband
Fvarful of a scone. Mrs. Stallard asked
him to step outside and when the door
had closed upon them the distressed
woman asked what he wanted. Stallard
first demanded that she take him bark
once more, but this she refused sa-dr^he
would never live with him again. Stallard
pleaded, but she remained firm in her de
termination to have nothing- more to do
with him Finally she returm-d to her
work and Stallard went away only to
return again on Tuesday. He' waited on
First street until Mrs. Stallard had fin
ished her day's work, and when she
emerged from the factory he accosted
her. They walked along together, board-
Ing an electric car, for Mrs. Stallard's
boarding place is in the Potrero. Stallard
renewed his Importunities to be taken
back once more, and upon his wife again
refusing became so violent and abusive
that several times the conductor threat
ened to eject him from the car. Stallard
continued on to the house on Tennessee
street, abusing the woman all the "way !
and adding to his old charge the state
ment that she was then living with a man :
named Haason, who also boarded with
the Ranns.
Stallard finally returned to the city and
yesterday, when Mrs. Stallard eft the
factory fc-r her noonday meal, she again
encountered the man at the foot of the
stairs. Stallnrd asked her to go to lunch
with him, saying it would be their last
meal together. Not daring to refuse,
Mrs. Statlard accompanied him into the
restaurant at 14 r irst street, but finding
tne tables nearly all full they went out.
Stallard wanted to go to another restau
rant, but his wife demurred, saying she
had only a half hour for lunch, and she
';new of no other place In the immediate
neighborhood. They re-entered the place
and seated themselves at next to the last
of the tables In the center row. The
waiter took their order, and just then a
woman seated herself at their table. Stal
lard asked his wife to change seats with
him, which she did. She thought it
strange, but it is evident that he did it
for the purpose of having a better chance
to use his right arm.
Stallard once more asked his wife to
live with him again, promising tv take her
back to Denver and provide a grioii home
for her. She replied that it would be
better for him to go back and prepare
the home first, and if she found lie was
sincere in his promise to reform she
might give him one more cnance.
•■Then you refuse to go with me, do
you, Emma?" he demanded, straighten
ing up in his chair.
"Yes; you must give some proof of your
reformation." she replied.
Like a flash Stullard drew a heavy re
volver from hia breast pocket and fired.
The bullet struck his wife in tne right
shoulder, close to the neck. It ranged
upward and out through her coat, crash-
Ing through a window in the front of the
restaurant. Mrs. Stallard jumped to her
feet, half turning as she d.- so. Stallard
fired again, the bullet striking the right
shoulder blade and ranging across the
back under the skin lodged over the left
shoulder blade. ,
Before Stallard could fire a third time
William Fitts, a brawny teamster .sitting
just across the aisle, grappled with BtaJ
lard. forcing his right arm above his
head. The would-be murderer, who is a
powerful man, struggled desperately, but
a dozen others came to the brave JMtts
assistance, and while R. B. Chandler dis
armed Stallard several others helped to
throw him to the floor.
Somebody shouted to hanpr the fellow,
and there were calls for a rope, etc. Had
not Policeman Ross arrived just then it
is likely that Stallard would never have
reached the City Prison, for he was in
the hands of a class of men who would
think little of hanging a cowardly wife
murderer.
Stallard was handcuffed and immedi
ately pretended to be exceedingly drunk,
disclaiming all knowledge of what he had
done and declaring he was crazed l<y
liquor. It was quite palpable that the fel
low was shamming, for he had not shown
the least sign of being intoxicated before
the shooting, but he Kept up the stupid
sham for hours after he was locked up in
the City Prison.
Meanwhile, Mrs. Stallard had been re
moved to the Harbor Receiving Hospital,
where the surgeons removed the second
bullet and found that neither wound was
of a dangerous nature. Her sister was
soon with her, and to-day she will be re
moved to her boarding place in the Po
trero.
Mrs. Stallard is about 40 years of age,
and is spoken of in the highest terms by
all who know her. The forewoman of the
factory where she is employed visited her
as soon as she could, and was loud in her
praise of the unfortunate woman, as were
also her former employers in the Empo
rium and the people with whom she
bfiards.
At first Stallard would not discuss the
shooting, pretending that he was too
drunk to know what had happened. He
rolled about In a most grotesque manner,
and it w; r all too apparent that he was
acting th' part with the object of evad
ing responsibility for his act Finally, to
a Call rpporter. Stallard said his wife had
eloped from Denver with J. J. Budd ovor
a year ago and that he had followed her
to this city. They had become reconciled,
but in April, last, he returned to Denver
to see his son. who was sick, and he got
back last Monday to find his wife living
with another man. Stallard could not be
induced to talk about the shooting, and
when pressed resumed his former atti
tude of helpless intoxication.
Those who know Mrs. tftal'ard best
scout the story of her elopement and the
other charge, and say that sj,;ch charges
by her husband are only more evidence
of his utter depravity.
In the presence of two detectives last
night Mrs. Stallard made the following
statement of the stabbing:
" I have been married to my husband
about twenty-four years. I have had
trouble with him ever since we were mar
ried. He has been so jealous and cruel
to me. I could not tell you the number
of times my life has been in danger of
him.
"About Christmas time my husband
assaulted me and T was confined to my
room in the Washington Hotel for some
time, the result of tho beating- he gave
me. I swore out a warrant for his arrest,
tut It was not served. I met my hus
band Tuesday about 3:30 p. m. on First
street. We walked along -First street to
Market, where we took a car. While on
the car he commenced to abuse me and
the conductor threatened to put him off.
He left me on the car about Bluxome
and Third streets and I continued until
I reached my home on Tennessee street.
A short time prior to the shooting my
husband came to where T worked and
sent one of the girl? to call me. I came
down and spoke to him.
"After a short conversation ho made me
promise to go to lunch with him. 1 then
left him, going upstairs to attend to my
work.
"As I emerped from the factory at
noon he was ptandinp outside, evidently
waiting for me. We went to the res
taurant in which the shooting took place.
He wanted me to go to Denver with him,
but I refused. Just then a woman, whose
name I do not know, came in and sat at
the same table.
"My husband at this juncture asked me
to change places with him. I did so, and
was surprised that he did not order any
thing but tea. I asked him why he had
not ordered something more substantial,
but he did not reply. A few minutes
later he again asked me If I would go to
Denver, and for the second time I replied
in the negative. He then drew his pistol
and shot me twice."
Took Rough on Bats.
Mrs. Delia Rourke, a woman 38 years of
age. committed suicide in a lodging house
at 131 Third street yesterday, by swallow
ins toukli on rats. She left a letter to the j
Coroner, in which she stated she had been |
des< rted by ht-r husband and had noth- i
ing to live' for. Her body was removed
to the Morgue.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
OTHSRB^ j|W»CC/jMH^ ICAHT
'TNLYK3NS\ONI OR
VvVIC^ have been gathered so suc-
cessfully in this tonic as to render
It the most effective Malt Extract ,
in the market. :
Invaluable to sufferers from
dyspepsiaand sleeplessness. Re-
stores digestion, soothes the
nerves and invigorates the entire
system.
<ti phu— ■
Val.Blatz Brewing Co.
mllvvaukee.us.a.
Louis Guien & Son, wholesale
Dealers, 4 i 6-4 18 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco. '.
t Visit DR. JORDAN'S G«at'
JSL Museum of Anatomy
l^raV. 1051 ST. 6th & 7th, S.r.CaL
a 1 The I.argcntoflMVlndinti^
l^i?\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
• Cananltattoa' fnr«. TTrit* for lk««k
|Ff f^ Philosophy of Marriage.
Q fi) MAILED FREE.
© 0060 ooooeoooooooo
%™ PALACE « D g
%GRAND hotels o
" aAN FRANCISCO. Q
v Connected by a covered passageway. . **
O 1400 Rooms- With Bath Attached. °
O AH Under . One Management. O
Q VOTE THE PRIO2S: Q
0 European Plan. Bl .oo per day and upward -,
M American PIRn.J?:s.OO per day and upward
Q . ••: Correspondence Solicited. Q
q JOHN 0. KIREPATRICS. M»n&g;r. V. Q
60 000 0 0 0 000 Q O OQQQ
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales 0ver6,000,000 Boxes
FOE BILIOUS AND NEBVOUS DISOBDER3
such as Wind and Pain in tho Stomach,
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIB3T DOSE WILL GIVE BELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTE& Every sufferer
•will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
EEECHAM'S PIIXS, tak^n as direct-
ed, will Quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. Thoy promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of tho sys-
tem and cure Sick Headache. For a
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine in the World*
25c. at all Drue Stores.
LAST CHANCE
FOR THE YUKON
D AWSON CITY.
WATSONVILLE-YUKON TRADING
AND TRANSPORTATION CO.
will, dispatch new steamer
ALOHA,
JORGENSEN MASTER
Capacity, 500 Tons,
Sailing from SAN FRANCISCO
SATURDAY, JULY 30. AT 9 A. M.,
Connecting at St. Michael with the new light-
draft river steamer Queen of the Yukon, draw-
ing twenty Inches of water, with double-tan-
dem compound engines. The Bteamer Aloha it
lighted throughout with electric lights, and is
now open to inspection at Mission Btreet wharf.
FIRST-CLASS PASSAGE TO DAWSON CITY, $175.
FREIQET, $100 PER TON.
For further Information apply to WATSON-
VILLE- YUKON TRADING AND TRANSPOR-
TATION CO., 100 Market street.
A SOLDIER CURED!
CAMP MERRITT.
SAN FRANCISCO. June 9. 1898.
DR. PIERCE & SON— Gentlemen : Last Oc-
tober, while at Fort Bliss, El Paso, Texas. I
sent for one of your famous "Dr. Plerce's Elec-
tric Belts," for Rheumatism, etc., and after
using !t only two months my complaints en-
tirely disappeared and I have not been troubled
with any pain or discomfort since. I consider
your Belt to be the finest body-battery in ex-
istence, as the electric current is both powerful
and lasting. I purchased your No. XXX Belt,
and now, after using it several months, it ia
a? good as new.
I heartily recommend Dr. Plerce's Electric
Belt to all sufferers. Youra gratefully,
JOHN P. ANDERSON,
Co. H. lSth Infantry. U. S. Army.
$y Buy no Belt till you see Dr. Plerce's.
Write for our new "Book No. 2," which gives
price list and tells all about it, or call on th«
F»IERCE ELECTRIC CO.
620 Market st, opposite Palace Hotel, 8. F.
MADE ME A MAN
{•e**s AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CUKE
hj \ A.Z,Uiervou» IHtecißes— Failing Mem-
pj 3p &\ ory, Impotency, Sleeple*Bnest, etc.. canaed
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURB
A.LL Hrrvc.ua IMavaaes— Failing Mem-
ory, Im potency. Sleeplessness, etc., caused
by Abase or other Excesses and Indis-
l y&Vtf cretions, They quickly and aurel-a
\ ~7 restore Lost Vitality in old or runner, and
j^S^tf^. fit a man for study, business or marriage,
vVßwia^Ha* Prevent Insanity and Consumption if
taken in time. Their use shows Immediate fmproTo-
inent and effects a CUBE where all ether fail In-
sist upon having the genuine Ajar Tablets. They
have cared thousands and will care you. Wo Rive a pos-
itive written guarantee to effect a cure Cf) fITO la
each case or refund the money. Price WV l# I Wipsr
package; or six pkees (full treatment) for $2.60. By
mail, In plain wrapper, npon receipt of price. Circular
free AJAX REMEDY CO., HhS^'!i!. 1 '
For sale la Ban Francisco by Lelpnlbn * Cot.
t3t Butter. No-PercecUc* Pharmacy. Ml WO.
IJIIJiJJMMI
1 HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper-
I Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores, Ulcers. <1
In Mouth. Hair-Falling! Write COOK KKM- M
EDY CO., 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- H
I CAGO, ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital rj
ra {500.000. Worst cases cured In lit to 36 day* H
g 100-page book free ■ B
MAKE PERFECT MEN
DO SOT DESPAIR ! Do notSuf.
j*(!Ri«ite3ra. fir Longer! The Joys and ambitlonp of
«P>**^gsl life can b« r»?tored to jou. The very
uSi ¥§?3 worstcasesof Xervoim liability are
aDO SOT DESPAIR ! Do not Sat-
for Longer! The joys and ambition* of
life can b« restored to you. The very
worst cases of >ervon« Debility are
absolutely cured by PEKFF.fTO
*B*v TABLF.TH. Give prompt relief to In-
%RiK somnia, tailing memory ar.J the wasta
Sd^r-lktJr find drain of vital powers, incurred by
7?r3r6jS# indiscretions or excemes of early yens.
i- f \Ja«r w " Impart vigor anil potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. (Jive j^TK bloom to th«
cheeks and lustre to the eye* of A-^iAyounic or old.
One Mi box renews vital energy. fyJL'JQ boxes at
$J. 50 a complete a uamnterd cure or money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest ■■» pocket. Sold
everywhere, or mailed In plain wrapper on receipt of
price by TUB FEKFECTO CO., Caxtoa Bldg., Chicago, Ilk
Bold In San Francisco by the Owl Drug Co.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodislae and specific tonio
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, AX.FS & BRUNE. Agents,
823 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
DR.MCNULTY.
rpniS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
L Specialist rurMPrlvate.Nervous, Blood and skin
Dlseixses of Men only. Book on Private Diseases
and Weaknessesof Men, free. Over2oyears' experi-
ence. PatiemscuredatHome. Terms reasonable.
H ours!) to 3 daily ; 6:3o to B:3o e v'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12.
Consultation aacredly private. Call, or address
Dr. P. ROSCOE HcXCLTY,
\?i< Koarnv Ht., San Francisco, Cal.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
»aris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUQERA CO.
ItDtn RV ALL L'KI I --' 1 '
\AI. T. HESS,
ROTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNET-AT LAW, .
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldgr.
Telephone | Brown 931.
Residence, 351 California St., below Powell.
San Francisco. ' . " ■ .
POISON OAK.
A few applications of MRS. M. A. CURTIS'
HERB OINTMENT will quickly cure It. For
. sale by all druggists. • 25 cents per box.
[
SLEDS, BOATS, ETC.
1 75-horse power Roberts ' boiler, 1 35-horaa
power Scotch marine boiler, metallic lifeboats,
DO wooden boats of all descriptions can b« seen
at 718 Third street. GEO. W. KNEAS3.
Weekly Call, $1.50 jir to
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Further decline in Sliver.
Wheat lower and very soft.
Barley fairly steady.
Oats and Rye lower. Corn weak.
Hay still arrives heavily.
No further advance in Beans.
Potatoes and Onions weak.
Vegetables still plentiful.
Butter, Cheese and i^^f unchanged.
Another car of Eastern Poultry sold.
Fruit affected by the dry ground.
Prunes beginning to drop.
Provisions unchanged.
llid*-s weak at the decline.
No further decline In Hogs.
Limes doing better.
A BANKER'S VIEW.
THE COMMERCIAL SITUATION AS SEEN
THROUGH NEW YORK EYES.
The New York circular of Henry Clews,
under date of July "" says: "The stock mar
ket Is Just new passing through the usual
period of midsiinniiT quiet and no marked
change la In immediate I '■■-■ The outlook,
however, ii for a strong market. Weak spots
are few and difficult to find, and securities are
held with such confidence that the risks on
the "bear" side are altogether too great for
any ventures In that quarter in the absence of
unfavorable development*?* Only two possible
hlndranoea to a further "bull" movement are
worth considering: an outbreak of yellow fever
or complications with foreign powers arising
from the war. As a factor In the stork market
the war Is at much diminished importance be
cause of recent successes Nevertheless, delay la
not a favorable Influent and progress toward
peace is .julte likely tv be ■ n xlgzag lines.
"Ultimately the war will prove a powerful
stimulus to the whole country. It has burled
old political Issues which were paralyzing
trade and Industry and developed In our people
a spirit of confidence and aggressiveness which
Wl 1 Inevitably l>« reflected In the business af
fairs of the nation The political situation is
more satis.'a-tory than for many years past.
New question* are tit'for? us, the solution of
•which will broaden and strengthen the whole
country from the Atlantic to the Pacific In
the financial situation there is also reason for
confidence. Money Is plentiful and promises
to continue so. Gold must come from Europe
In settlement of the • • Lord 1 nary trade bal
anco. and our supplies a:i' likely to br matr-
rlHlly Increased by shipment* from the Klon
dike. It is quite likely also that the banks
■will Increase their circulation to a considerable
extent when they have acquired .i suppply of
the new bonds; the placing of which as a
popular loan was h gratifying and significant
example ol the cnntlden<*<» of the people In the
Government. The moral effect of this method
was excellent and w>rtn its cost to the Gov
ernment, Which could readily have syndicated
the whole issue at a more profitable price.
"The agricultural situation is another and
very Important element of promise. Farmers
a:-- rai.uiily getting r.ut of debt, and with In
creased prosperity are buying more freely of
both the necessities and luxuries of life. The
better prices for whsat 'an the distribution
of many additional millions in the West and a
larger traffic for the railroads, both eastbound
and westbound, for some time to come.
Western merchants coming to this city are
enthusiastic In their reports of trade prospects
durincr the coming fall, and the outlook is
lhet the next six months -fill show a very de
cided business revival Even In the South
trade sh wa marked recuperative tendencies,
notwithstanding the dlscouraglngly low price
of cotton. Industrial activity Is growing end
i- likely to follow close upon business revival.
Many now enterprises are under consideration
bikl a larger demand for all sorts of raw ma
terials will soon be manifest."
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 27, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations in
California:
Eureka, C 2; Fresno. 114; Los Angeles, 90; Red
BlulT, 10S; Independence, 102: San Dleg 76;
Hacramento, 102; San Luis OblspO, 84, Yuma,
102.
San FranciscT temperature— Maximum, CO;
minimum. !0; mean, 55.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure Is still highest in the vicinity
01 Vancouver Island and lowest In Arizona.
It has fallen considerably over Washington and
Oregon and risen on the California coast.
High temperatures still continue In the. in
terior, bal conditions are now favorable for
slightly cooler weather Thursday. There, will
be fog nt night along the California oast.
Forecasts made nt Pan Francisco ior thirty
hours ending mldnltjht, July 25, 1*98:
t Northern California Fall Thursday; cooler In
the Interior, except extreme southeast portion;
brisk weft wind.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; cooler
along the coast; fresh west wind.
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
Utah TaJr. warmer Thursday.
. - Thursday.
San .in.l vicinity— Fair Thursday;
fop in tho morning and night; brisk to high
md.
S| •• lal rei rt from Mount Tamalpals. taken
»t I p. m.— Clear; wind wo.^t. 5 miles per hour;
temperature, Su, maximum, 87.
W. H. HAMMON,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 27.— Nearly all the
■trength and activity in to-day's stock markets
were confined to the first hour. At the open
.ng there was a rush to buy. as a result of
orders placed with commission houses this
tnorninK on the announcement that Spain had
iddresse.l the United States Govtrnment with
L request of peace. This early demand was fed
quite freely by realizing sales which held
prices back to within a small fraction above
last night and even dragged them below the
last night's level. Hut these offerings were
quite confidently and aggressively absorbed,
an 1 the demand was still unsatisfied. The
market was apparently embarked on a sus-
talned upward movement when sugar began to
pause after an advance of nearly 2 points,
which resulted In dislodging heavy covering
orders. Very large blocks of the stock, many
of them of 10,000 shares and upwards, were
taken on the advance. Hut after touching 141
support seemed to be withdrawn and a steady
stream was poured upon the market for the
rest of the day. Several times the price
steadied and rallied slightly, only to make a
renewed downward plunge, each successive de
cline dislodging heavy stop loss orders. The
price dropped over 4 points from the top »nd
rallied only feebly at the close. The slu.np was
coinpanled by rumors of unloading for inside
Interests with a view to retirement. The de
moralization in sugar unsettled the whole list
»nd put a stop to the upward movement for the
rebt of the day. The decline Jin the general
market was desultory and was not accom
panied by heavy offerings. It was very ob
vious, however, that professional traders
realized to a large extent at the opening on
peace news, and they probably viewed with
complacency the subsequent reaction, offering
opportunity to buy back stock at lower level,
declines from the best reached a point or over
In moat of the prominent stocks and net losses
In some cases are as much as a point. The an
nouncement during the day of the engagement
Df a small amount of gold In London for im
port had no effect. The transaction was ! re
tarded as of a special character, exchange not
let being considered at the gold import point.
Sterling exhange. In fact, rallied % cent in the
actual rate to-day. Conditions in the money
market remained unchanged.
Railroad bonds continue to be absorbed on a
large scale, recent issues of 4 per cent f»>r re
organization purposes being the favorites.
(Total sales 53,11T..uf0.
There was continued large demand for new
.Government Ss to-day when issued, very large
Individual blocks being taken above 104. United
Ha" new fours coupon advanced 1 per cent,
.do registered and the old fours coupon %, the
fives coupon % and the threes when issued %
per cent In the bid price.
, Total sales of stocks to-day 344,000 shares.
Including 14,000 Atchlson preferred, 3257 B. and
D., 20.552 Burlington, 4465 L. and N.. 8450 Man
hattan 3551 Missouri Pacific. 448.'. Northern Pa
cific, 13.143 do preferred, &694 Rock Island, 15,110
ft. Paul, 3202 Southern preferred, 17.425 Union
Pacific preferred, 6560 Tobacco, 7440 Chicago
Great western, 6810 People's Gas, 101.425 Sugar,
1287 T. C. and 1.. 10,455 Rubber, 4174 Western
Union.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison ...... 13% St P & Om 83%
Do prefd ..?:.... 34% Do prefd 150
Baltimore A.- Ohkj 14% St P M & M 138
Canada Pacific .. 84% So Pacific 13%
Canada Southern. 63% 3o Railway S%
Central Pacific .. 16V« | Do prefd 31%
Che* & Ohio 22% Texas & Pacific.. 12%
.Chi & Alton 160 Union Pacific . .. 61V4
Chi H& Q 106 U P D & G 5%
Chi & E 111 £.6 Wabash : 71?
C C C & St L.... 41% Do prefd 19
Do pr.-fd So Wheel &L E 1%
Del & Hudson... 107% Do prefd 11%
Del L & W 152% Express Companies—
Den & R G 12% Adams Ex 101
Do prefd 60% American- Ex -.... 136
Erie (new) 13% United States 40
Do Ist prefd.... 35% Wells Fargo 119
Fort Wayne 170 Miscellaneous —
fit Nor prefd 129 A Cot Oil 23%
Hocking Valley... 5 Do prefd 75%
Illinois Central .. 108% Amn Spirits ..... 12
Lake Eri & W... 14% Do prefd 85%
• Do prefd 71 Am Tobacco 120%
Lake Shore 185% Do prefd 127
Louis & Nash i.3% People's Gas . 99%
Manhattan L .... \i'\\ Cons Gat 193%
Met St Ry 151 Corn Cable C 0.... 170
Mich Central .... 105% Col F & Iron 20%
Minn & St L 26 I Do prefd ...SO
Do Ist prefd.... SS% Sen Electric 39
Mo Pacific 35% Illinois Steel .... 66
Mobile & 0hi0.... 26 Lacledt- Gas ' 61
Mo X & T 11 Lead : ; 33
Do prefd 34% Do prefd 109%
Chi Ind <fe L 10»« Nut Lin Oil 12
. Do prefd a?'-, Pacific Mall 29%
N* .T Central ...... S9»; I'ullman Palace... 205
N V Central US silver Certificates 58%
X V Chi &ft L.. 13% standard R & T.. 5%
Do lFt prefd 65 . Sugar 137
Do 2d prefd.... 35 I Do prefd 113
Nor West 14 V C & Iron 25%
No Amer Co G% U 6 Leather 7
No Pacific 29% Do rrefd 6CH
Do prefd 71% I" S Rubber B»
tntarlo & W IB Do preM 91%
Or R & Nay 45% West Union 92 i
Or Short Line.... H C & N W I*o%
Pittsburg 170 Do prefd 17«
Reading I* 7 Ft L & S W ' BJi
Do Ist pre.'d.... 41*4 Do prefd 10%
Rock Island ?6iiiß (I W 26%
St Louis & S F.. 7%' Do prefd .: 67
Do Ist prefd.... 61 Chi O W lo
Do 2d prefd.... 2814 Haw Com Co 24%
Bt Paul 100 Union Pacific 24
Do prefd 151% I Brooklyn R T.... 55<4
CLOSING BONDS.
D 8 new 4s rex.. 125% N 3 C 6s 11l
Do coup 127% N Carolina 65.... 125
U S 4s 11l ' Do 4s 112%
Do ciup 112 No Pac lets 112%
lXi 2ds 97 Do 3s 65%
0 Sss reg 112% Do 4s i>9%
Do 5s coup 113% X V C & St L 4b. 107
District 3.C0« 116% Nor & W 6s 122
Ala class A 108 Vorthwstrn cons. 142%
Do B 100 Do deb 5s 117%
Do C SO 0 Nay lsts 11l
Do Currency ... 90 0 Npv 4s 9G%
Atchison 4s 95% 1 S Line Or tr.... 128
Do adj 4f 70% > S Line 5s tr.... 104 Vi
Can So 2ds 108** Pacific is of 95.. 102
Chi Term 4s S6'i Reading: 4s S2 7*7 *
C & Ohio 5s 114% R Q W 15t5.......' 89
C H & D 4%s 104H fit L * I M C r.s. 99%
d&R <; lets 110 St L & SF a ss. 118
I' & R G 4s 95% St P Con 145
East Term lBt!«.. 10." St PC & P lets.. US
Brie Gen 4s 73% Do 5s 116%
F\V & D lsts tr. 73 So Railway us... 95
Gen Elec is 104% Stand R & T 65.. 71%
G 1-1 & S A 85.... 104 Term new set 35.. 014
Do Ms 105 Tex P L G lsts.. 10*H
H & T C 5s 110% Do Rg 2ds 42%
Do con 63 11l Union Pae 4s 97%
lowa «' lsts 102 V P D & G lsts. 72%
La new cons 4a.. 103% Wab Ist Es 11074
I. & N Unl 45.... SS% Do -Is 90%
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s 109
M X A T 2ds 65% Va Centuries .... 72
Do 4s <tO [ Do deferred ... 04
N V Central tats. 116 I
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15 .Ontario - 2 75
Crown Point 04 lOphlr ...... 14
Con oil & Va... 33 -Plymouth 12
Deadwood 30 [Quicksilver 115
Gould & Curry... 3.1 1 Do prefd 350
Hale & Norcross. 40 Sierra Nevada ... 42
Homestake 4' 00 : Standard 145
Iron silver 74 Union Con 13
Mexican OS Yellow Jacket ... 10
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Do prefd M%
Call loans .293 Boston L 66\
Time loans 3'«4 E E 111 ISO
Stocks— Gen Else nrefd... 55
A T & S F 13% At. 'li lf in prefd .. 34H
Amer Sugar 187 Bonds—
Do prefd 114 Atchlsan 4s 52%
Day State Gas... 2 Gen Elec 5s 105 V*
Hell Telephone... 280 Mining Shares—
Boston & Albany. 225 Allouez Mm C 0... 3%
Boston' * Maine. 161% Atlantic 26%
Chi B * Q 106H Boston & Mont.. 207
Fltchburg r<? « Butte & Boston.. 24%
Gen Electric 83 Calumet & Hecla. 560
Illinois Steel MM I*.1 *. Centennial 14* i
Mexican Central. 4% Franklin 12%
N V * N Eng.... 94 Osceola 4f.'4
Old Colony li' 3% Qulncy 112%
Or Shore Line 28% I Tamarack 152
Rubier 32% Wolverine 23*4
I'niM Pacific .... 24 . Parrott 2!%
West End 86 'Old Dominion 23%
Westlnghouse El. 24%!
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 27— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram Fays: The stork
markets here continue stagnant. Investment
stocks being dull on the rise in money rates
and the continued foreign drain of cold. Ameri
cans opened good. The commencement of sold
exports to New York attracted much attention.
Trices closed under the best. At present the i
I. Id operators are the Canadian banks, but It j
Is understood that New York is the destination
of the metal.
Spanish 4s rose to 40 on the peace prospects,
but closed nearly, a point under trie best.
Gold has been engaged here to-day for export
to the United States, being taken both from
i he open market and from the bank. The dis
. count rate hap risen In consequence 5-16 to l'<%
rer cent.
CLOSING.
LONDON, July 87.— Canadian Pacific, M%;
Grand Trunk, 7%; Bar Silver, quiet, 27»4d per
ounce; Money, H per cent.
Spanish 4? closed at Si"4.
PARIS, July 27.— Spanish 4? closed at 3!>.25.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
' NEW YORK. July FLOUR— Receipts.
25,415 barrels; exports, 2720 barrels. Weaker
1 and offered at lower prices.
| WHEAT— Receipts, 165,650 bushels; exports.
j 101.&21 bushels. Bpot weak; No. 2 red. 73c f.
10. b., afloat, export grade to arrive. Options
j were dull and generally weak all day In face,
of a larger export business. Short selling; and
liquidations were the trading features Inspired
by continued large new wheat receipts, weak
Liverpool advices and favorable spring wheat
crop news, closed lHc net lower: No. 2 red. TO l * •
#71>4c- July, 75 i(S7Sc. closed 74c; September,
69 6-16«170Hc, closed 69HC.
WOOL— Dull. i, ,
PETROLEUM— Firm: refined New York.
• $6 40; Philadelphia and Baltimore, $6 35; do In
bulk, ?3 $5.
METALS— Apathy still prevails In the local
market for metals. At trie close to-day the
Metal Exchange called: .„■._.'.
PIG IRON— Warrants dull, with SS 50 bid and
$6 65 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at 111 50.
TlN— Quiet, with $15 52% bid and $15 62V4
LEAD— Quiet; S3 75 bid and *4 asked. The
firm naming the settling price for lead for the
Western miners and sroelteru quotes lead S3 SO.
SPELTER— Quiet, with 14 50 bid and 14 62 1 *
asked.
COFFEE— Options closed barely steady, un
changed to 5 points net higher; sales, 26.750
bags, including: August, 5.45 c; Spot Coffee-
Rio quiet; No. 7. Invoice, 6o; No. 7 Jobbing.
6Hs; mild, moderately active; Cordova, IV»G-15c.
Fair business, but no details given.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, VAc; Cen
trifupat. 96 test, 4V&c; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. 8250 packages; firm;
Western creamery, 14@18c; Elglns, ISc; factory.
ueifttc.
COGS— Receipts, 10.850 packages. Steady;
Western, 14c. _J_
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, July California dried fruits
dull.
EVOPORATED APPLES— Common, 6<3Bc:
prime wire tray. 8>4<38%c;- choice, B%#9c;
fancy, 9%c.
PRUNES— 4<SBc. , „_
APRICOTS— Royal, 8%@10c; Moorpark, 10®
12c BS*V
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 6@Bc; peeled. 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, July 27.— 'With a slump at Liver
pool and favorable weather, Wheat started at a
decline. September, which closed yesterday at
65% c, opened at from «5@65%c, and settled to
64% c before all the early offerings could be
absorbed. July started at %c decline, the first
sale being at 70c, and before It did better It
sold another lc ■ lower, selling at 69c. A de
mand for a small quantity of July soon dl
\ vulged how little was for Rale upon the appear -
I ance of any legitimate demand. From 63c there
was an Immediate Jump to 71% c. Trading
sentiment was bearish and every one seemed
to be on the selling side. About the only de
mand was from shorts, who had a satisfactory
profit and bought In on the decline to secure
It. The export Inquiry was aroused to greater
activity by the decline In price. New York
reported a considerable quantity of gold going
to the Continent. This caused a slight rally
near the close, but partly failed of effect on
account of a decline at , Antwerp r.t 2%@5
centimes reported on enormous yields through
out the Continent. ■ September - closed %@%c
lower and December %<y%c down.
The heaviness of Wheat was felt In the Corn
pit and had a tendency to depress the latter.
Generous rains fell In various . sections, but the
weather was still very dry and hot -in some
regions of the corn-growing country. The gen
eral sentiment was bearish and Indication)! of
unloading by a prominent long started the
entire fraternity in a similar proceeding. Sep
tember left off %c lower.
Oats were firm early, but later sagged with
Corn. September lout %@%c on the day.
Outside buying started Provisions rather
steady. Then prices collapsed on the decline
In the other grain markets. Commission houses
sold freely. Pork declined 25c and lard and
ribs 15c each.
Th» leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
July 70 71% 69 70
September 65% 65% 64% 64%
December 65% 65% 64% 64%
Corn, No. 2— '■-•/. * v..V'-
July 3»H 34% 34 34
September 34% 34% • 33% 34
December ........... 31% 35 3434 34%
May 37% 37% 36* 36%
Oats, No. 2— ,.'*....
July .. 26% 25% 23% 21%
September 20% 20% 20% 20%
May 23% 23% 23 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 9 55 $65 9 30 9 30
September .;... 960 975 9 27% 9 37%
Lard. per 100 lbs— < -
September 5 62% 6 57% 635 6 37%
October 5 57% 660 640 640
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— - >; *
September 5 52% .5 57% 635 6 87%
October 5 67% 6CO 6 37% 640 .
I Cash quotations were as follows: -.'..■'.'•
Flour, quiet; No. 3 spring Wheat, 68@75c; No.
2 red, 34@.14%; No. 2 Oats; 25@25%c; No. 2 white.
»©»% c; No. 3 white, 2?ir:Sc; No. 2 Rye. 43% c;
No. 2 Barley, 31035 c: No. 1 Flaxseed. 93@94c;
Prime Timothy Seed, $2 56; Mess Pork, per
barrel. $9 35{?9 40; Lard, per 100 pounds, $5 35©
1 6 45; Short Rib Sides, loose, .Jo 2S@b CO; Dry
: Salted Shoulders, boxed, 4%<g'so; Short Clear
I Sides, boxed, $5 75@S 90: » Sugar, • cut loaf, un
changed; granulated, unchanged; standard A,
unchanged. ' - - ■ ■.- =; ■>■ . ■'■ ...
Articles.'. Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 7,900 ■■ 8,300
Wheat, bushels 118.C00 '3,200
i Corn, bushels 330.300 140,900
'■ Oats, bushels 280,200 19,400
I Rye, bushels ■ 20.600 .
Barley, ' bushel* ............... 4,500 ■ /......
On the Produce Exchange to-day ■■ the Butter
'.. :■ : . V •. ■ ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 28, 1893.
i
market was firm: ' creameries, 13%@17%c; dair
ies. 12l{fl5c. Eggs, easy; fresh, lie. .
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.'
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— • . Bushels. liusTiels.
Minneapolis 60,040 "20,280
Duluth 9.370 39,161
Milwaukee 11.700
Chicago 115.59S • 3,284
Toledo 240.791 111.000
Bt. Louis 42.000 10.000
Detroit 34.224 25,.
Kansas City .-72,000 72,000
Totals 585.72J 281.293
Tidewater— . X ':'.".■
Boston •
New York 164.650 104.821
Philadelphia ..." 3.82S 9.51«
Baltimore 1... .143.118 24,000
New Orleans
Galveston 35,750
Total! 347.344 13&.337
• PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— * July. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 53 »5 »4 80
Closing 53 45 -44 80
Flour-
Opening 22 SO 20 60
Closing 23 05 20 70
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 .'4 67% 54%
Closing 67% 6 41.4
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, July CATTLE— There was a
good sale of the choice consignments of cattle
to-day, but the general run movod off much
slower than of late. Prices declined 10c.
Choice steers. %n 25(K5 75; medium. $4 So@4 95;
beef steers. 14 2">1?4 75: stockers and feeders. I
S3 604? 4 75; bull*, $3tS'4 25; cows and heifers. $3® :
4; oalvea, »3 50®7; Western steers, $4 30@5 30. .
HOGS— Trade In hogs was w. s.k ob an over
supply. Faies showed a reduction of fully liV..
Fair to choice. « 90 g- 4 05; packets, $3 70(<t3 87%:
butchers, « 75'~4: mTx»d, J3 70<gS 75; light, $3 00
03 ?7%: pigs, J2 90©3 80.
SHEEP— was a better demand for
sheep at better prices. Choice spring lambs
were about 10c. higher; good to prime lambs,
$5 60©6 75; common to good sheep, ?3 4O0H; na
tives, {4 60®6; rams. |2©S; Texas sheep, $3 75©
4 40: Westerns. ?4' : ;4 40.
Receipts— 15,500; hogs, 32,000; sheep.
15,000.-
DENVER.
DENVER, July CATTLE— Receipts, 1600.
Market quiet; beef steers, $3 50ifi4 50; cows, J3
(64 15: feeders, freight paid to river, 13 50®4 25;
Btockers, freight paid to river. $3 SB4T4 20; bulls
and stags. ii "'os3 25.
HOGS— Receipts. COO. Market active and
lower; light packers. $3 70© 3 75; mixed, $3 75©
5 SO: heavy, 13 70tiiS 80.
SHEEP— Receipts none. Market unchanged.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. July 27.— CATTLE— Receipts. 3400;
shipments, 11C0. Market strong. Beeves, %i 80@
6 25; cows and heifers, $2 25^4 40; stockers,
$3 2.'.'54 40.
HOGS— Receipts, 11,400. Weak and 5c lower.
Hulk of sales. $3 20Q-3 72%.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2400. Market strong. Ewes,
Him »0; lambs. JS.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. July 27.— CATTLE— Receipts.
7800. Market steady; native steers, jT 25(jf 5 25;
cows and heifers. 11 siiiT4 65: Ftockers and feed
ers, $2 7^ff4 76; bulls. $2 25(23 65.
HOGS— Receipts. 16.000. Market weak to 10c
lower. Hulk of sales. $3 60«?3 SO: heavies. $3 70
({IS SO: packers rind mixed, $3 6043 80; lights,
(3 560] 75; pigs, 13 25®3 65.
-Receipts, 2000. Market steady;
lambs, $3 6C©ti 10; muttons. $3@-5.
CALIFORNIA TRLIT SALES.
Th« Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit
at auction, realizing the following prices:
BOSTON. July 27.— Bartlctt Pears, $1 r,®
1 75, average (1 16; some withdrawn from yes
terday's sale averaged Jl 47. Five cars sold.
PHILADELPHIA. July 27.— Bartlett Pears.
Jl 15$ 1 40. avenig» $1 tS. Three carts sold.
PITTSBURGH July 27.— Bartlett Pears, Jl Do@
1 €0, average 1 65.
NEW YORK. July 27.— Plums— Peach. SOC(js
$1 15, average $121: Washington. 86c; Brart
shaw, CsfgSoe, average 74c; Tragedy Prunes. 75c
£$1 i: average 80c; German, 70ig'S5c. average
82c; Purple Duane Plums. 75c(STl 20, average 87c;
Bartlett Pears. $1 2J(&1 4.'.. average $1 37; Nec
tarines, 32c; Royal Anne Cherries, 25@75c, aver
age He; Early Crawford Peaches, 50c. Weather
hot. Twelve cure sold.
CHICAGO, July tt.— Bartlett Pears averaged
S! 24': 1 3<>; Oerman Prunes, $1 15; Brailshaw
Plums. Ssc??sl 10, average 96c: Purple Duane,
SI 20; Washington,' fl 10; Columbia, SI 05s Craw
ford Fetches, •4Sc. Weather hot. Seven cars
sold.
MONTREAL, July 27.— Bartlett Pears, SI 600
1 90. average SI 74.
MONTREAL. July 27.— Early Crawford
Peaches. SI 05; St. John. SI 22; Washington.
SI 32- Bartlette. SI 65; Nectarines. 31 07; Brad
thaw Plums. SI 25.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, July Consols, 111: Silver, I7H<J;
French Rentes, 103f l£c.
Wheat cargoes off coast, easier, less active;
■ cargoes on passage, weak; English country
markets, partly Is cheaper.
LIVERPOOL, July 27.— Wheat, dull; No. 1
standard California, 6s BHd©6s 9Hd: Wheat In
Paris, steady; Flour in Paris, firm: French
country markets, <julet and steady; Cotton, up
lands. 3 7-16 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red ' Western winter,
dull, 6s s»jd; No. 1 red Northern spring, . dull,
6s 6Kd. =•-. -V:
CORN— July, quiet. Ss 2H<i: September, quiet,
3s 3*»d; October, quiet, 3s 4^d.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, July 27.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, J263.969.757; gold reserve,
|1^,58?.301. - .•'..,;--.. .-;..:-...... -, v ~ - ;
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, July 27.— COTTON— Steady;
middling. 5%c.
NEW : YORK, July COTTON— Quiet and
steady; middling, 6 l-16c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. July 27.— Exchanges, $183.-
CS6: balances. $31,356.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., July 27.— WHEAT— WaIIa
Walla, 57@580; valley and blue steam. 60@62c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., July 27.— WHEAT— Dull,
unchanged.
LOCAL MARKETS.
KXCHANQE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 84
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 86
Sterling Cables — 4 86%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
New York Exchange., sight — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 68%
Mexloan Dollar* 4( 46%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT — The market continues to weaken as
far as shipping grades are concerned. Mill
ing descriptions keep up. The decline In fu
tures Is slow but continual.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, SI 24%@1 23%; mill
ing. SI 30'u 1 40 per ctl.
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal session — 9; 15 o'clock— December — 18,
000 .-tin. SI 24^; 18,000, $1 24%; 8000, SI 24.
Second session— December— 2ooo ctls, SI 23T4;
6000. SI 23%; 2000, Jl 23%; 14,000. Si 23%; 4000.
$1 23%; 36,000. Jl 23%; 2C.000. $1 23%; 800U, $1 23;
4000. SI 22%.
Regular morning session— December— 6ooo ctls,
$1 23; 2600, SI 23%.
Afternoon session — December — 2000 ctls
SI 23%; 8000, SI 2»% ; 12,000, $1 23%; 8000, $1 23V t .
BARLEY — The market Is fairly steady at un
changed prices.
Feed, SI IS® 1 ! 20; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal session — o'clock — No sales.
Second session— December— 2ooo ctls. $1 13. "
Regular morning: session— sales.
Afternoon session — December— 4000 ctls, $1 18.
OATS— The market has again declined and Is
weak and dull. Fancy Feed. $1 32Vi per ctl;
good to choice, %l 26@1 30; common, $1 17S4j'
1 22V4; Surprise, $1 32^1 35; Gray. $1 22V4@1 25;
milling. $1 22%®1 27% per ctl.
CORN— receipts are limited at the
moment, the feeling Is weak and the tendency
is downward. Small round yellow, $1 25<5j)1 30;
Eastern large yellow, sacked, $1 10@l 12 1 *;
white. $1 15<$1 20; mixed, $1 0631 l 6 per ctl.
. RYE— Is Iow«r and dull at II 20</l 22y* per
ctl. . •-. ■ •• • .'
BUCKWHEAT— SI 76@1 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND . MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family 'extras, $4 65@4 75; bakers'
extras, . }4 40@4 50 per bbl. .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: • Graham
Flour. $3 26 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 76 per 100;
Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 GO; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat ■ Groats,
$4 50; Hominy, $3 25(8>3 60; Buckwheat Flour, $4
04 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats (bar
ley). $5 86©S 25; In sacks. $.1 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, $6; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, 11 50
per . 100 lbs. -- . : — . ■ ■'■ '.■' 'j }
.!.*' HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay ' was weak ■ again under arrivals of 818
| tons. Local dealers report that a good deal of
consigned • Hay, is ' coming • in ' now. '• An inter
esting feature <of j the market at | present Is the
reported- purchase of about .3000 tons In Contra
Costa County . for shipment to Livermore. ; This
is carrying ■ coals to Newcastle * with • a ven
geance, for ' Llvermore :is one of the | greatest
Hay-producing - sections in the State. • There
is ' still . a • little Oregon Hay on the * market,
and It 'Is selling at $12 50 - for cheat, - $15 for
\ wheat and $14 for oat. •-•■>.•' : , - ■■-■•■ . ■
| The weekly report of the Weather Bureau
confirms the statement already ■ made in The
Call that pasturage is getting short far in ad
vance of the usual season, and this will prob
ably affect Hay later on, for- Just so much
more will be needed for home consumption.
Feedstuffs are as before.
- BRAN— *l6(gl6 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2O^22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $26 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, fßl@3l 50; jobbing,
$32®32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24025; Cottonseed
Meal, 128080 per ton; Cornmeal. ?23@23 50;
Cracked Corn, $21^24 50.
HAY— Wheat. $18018 50 for choice and 116917
for lower grades; Wheat and Oat. $l.">lin7 50;
Oat, $15«(rl6: Barley, $14 50ffJ15 f.O: Island Bar
ley, $13(j?14 50: Alfaifa, $12@13; Clover, nominal.
STRAW— 6O@SSc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There are no further changes to report un
der this head.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 75@2 90: Small Whites,
J2<?f2 15; Large Whites, $1 90^2: Pinks. $3 50#
2 60; Reds, $2 6002 7.'.; Blackeye, $3 16®3 25:
Butters, nominal; Limas, $3; Pea, $2<g2 15; Red
Kidneys. $2 BO®J 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, »4 Eo®fi per ctl; Yel
low Mustard, $4 25: Flax, $202 05; Canary Bend.
2 1 ,;fi2^;c per lb; Alfalfa, nominal: Rape, 2 l i©
2-V-: Hemp, 2};sf3c: Timothy, 5@5VJc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 7i©2; Green, $2!r?2 10.
per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions continue to shrink slow
ly in price. Tomatoes are in heavier supply
and lower, and the other vegetables with the
exception of Corn are dull and weak.
POTATOES— In sacks and in
boxes for Early Rose and tO@sOc in sacks and
t>O&Bsc in boxes for Burbanks; Salinas Bur
banks, nominal.
ONIONS— 50c per ctl for red and 60@75c
per ctl for yellow.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2%c : String
Beans, 313:40 per Ib; Lima Beans, KfTnc: Bay
Squash, 20@40c; Green Peppers, 36®66c for
Chile and Util 50 for Bell: Cabbage, 50c per
ctl; Carrots, SO^fiOo p?r sack; Bay Cucumbers,
2:.<&3Gc; Vac avi lie Tomatoes. 2C®sOc; River To
matoes, B0c©|l; Green Corn, 75e@$l per sack
for Vacavllle. $1 -."{il 50 per crate for Alame
da and 7i@9oc for Berkeley; Garlic, 2@3c per
lb; Green Okra, 40&65 c: Egg Plant; 50@75c per
box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES— Potatoes.
Sliced, raw, 12.- per lb In lots of 25 lbs: sliced
desiccated. 1601Sc; granulated, raw. 13c;
Onions,, COc: Carrots, old, 13o; new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c: Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at lf.c for Turkeys, $6®
G6O for Hens and $5 for old Roosters. There
will be no more Eastern this week.
Local stock Is cheap, plentiful and dull.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 12@15c for Gob
blers and ]2(JTI3c for liens; Geese, per pair, 75c
6*l; Goellnrn, iWI 25; Ducks, J2 75<53 for old
and $2f<4 for young; Hens, C4@S; Roosters,
young, U 50®5 50; Roosters, old, $4^4 50; Fry
ers, $.v;i4; Broilers, *3©3 30 for large; $2©2 60
for small; Pigeons, ?l(Jji 25 per dozen for young
and $1 50 fi»r old
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
All kinds remain as quoted yesterday.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 20c; seconds,
18@19c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 17@18c; common
grades, IS&ltc
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 14@15c per lb;
Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild now. S-?(?e; old. Kit
"Vie: Cream Cheddar, lO'fJllc; Young America,
SVy^Uc; Eastern. 12@13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, IS#2lc per dozen: store
Eggs. 13915 c; Eastern. UQICc spot and ISc for
fancy to arrive; Duck ERgs, 17#lSc.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The weekly report of the Weather Bureau
nays that fruit la suffering- from the drynesa of
the Boil and that it Is turning out small In size
anil dropping from the trees. This condition
will get worse Instead of better as the summer
advances. I
Peaches are weak and In good supply. Plums,
especially colored, are showing- signs of doing
better. Apricots arcs also firm. Figs are In
rather better supply. Melons are about the
same. Supplies of Berries are moderate and
they are llrm. Pears are steady.
Muscat Grapes from Fresno sold at $1 per
box.
Limes are firmer.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $3 EOGG per chest for large and
$7 for small.
■ Figs, tOdSOc per box for single and 75c«fl 50
for double layers.
Cantaloupes, $34?4 per crate; Nutmegs, $125
per box; Watermelon*, $6@15 ptr hundred.
. Huckleberries, SiglOc per lb.
Red Noctarrlnes, 85c£U; White Nectarines,
Eo(£Csc per box.
Kontalnebleau Grapes from Vacavllle, 40g75c
per box and 50©75 c per crate; Black Grapes, ■
per box.
BlackberrleB l J2 r,C«TS M) per chest.
Plums, 50Q60c per crate and 30©60 c per box;
In bulk. $10 per ton for green and $12 50<g15 for
yellow. -
Apricots, 40@75c per box and $40@63 per ton
in bulk.
Peacheß, 2f.(2^>oc per box; f.o<37.*r per basket; In
bulk, to canners, J30@40 for Freestones. Clings
are nominal, being very scarce.
Crabapples, BOW per box.
Raspberries, $S(s'6 per chest.
Apples. 3.*.(rj6<ic for common, and 7r.cfjsl per
box for No. 1; choice Gravensteins, $1 15.
Hartlett Pears, Jl^l 25 per box and »2;«35
per ton for No. 1. and 505j7Jc per box for No. 2.
CITRUS FRUITS-Oransree. $1 ::,,,] 50 for St.
Michaels, Sl'nl 25 for Mediterranean Sweetß.
and loC{itl 25 for Seedlings: Lemons, 11 2.i'S2
for common and J2 f.o(flr3 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, |6Q6 50; California Limes. We
per box: Bananas, $1 20@2 per bunch; Pine
apples, J3&4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
The reports from different sections of the
State to the Weather Bureau show that fruit
Is showing the evil effects of the dryness of the
ground and Is not only running small In size,
but Is dropping from the trees. This applies
particularly to Prunes, and confirms what The
Call has already said.
The market Is dull and featureless.
DRIED FRUIT— Prunes, carload lots. 4,4
@5c for 40-50" s. 4'4@4UjC for 50-60" s, 3*i@4c for
60-70" s, 3'i@3V4c for 70-80" a; 2>i(f?3c for So"-SO"s; 2
@2V4c for 90-100"s; Peaches, 405% c; peeled, 10@
12Mic; new Apricots, S'^S^ie for Royals; old
Apricots, 6(sr"c for Royals and B®loc for good
to fancy Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 6Vff?
7c; sun dried. 3<si4c: Black Fli?s, In sacks, 2&
2Hc: Plum«, 4«MUc for pitted and I©lV4c for
unpltted;\bleached Plums, sc; Nectarines. 3Q)
4Hc for prime to fancy; Pears, 2H©4Hc for
quarters and 3@sVsc for halves, according to
color, etc.
RAISINS— Z<ft2%c for two-crown. 2 l i(H2%c for
three-crown: 3{{3Vic for four-crown, 3fl§'4c for
Seedless Sultanas; 2 1^'n3c for Seedless Mus
catels and $I@l 15 for London layers; dried
Grapes, 2c.
NUTS— Walnuts. 3/f?4c for hardshell. 4'3'6cj for
softßhell; Almonds. 3ffl4c for hardshell, f>®7c for
tshell : B'»'S9c for paper-shell; I'eanuts, 4@
t^c for Eastern and 4^c for California: Pe
cans. GU®Sc; Filberts. i»H@10o; Brazil Nuts,
8<&"c per 1b: Cocoanuts. $4 60ifi5 per 100.
HONEY— Comb, ,9@loc- for brinht and 6<t?7c
for lower grades; water- extracted. ."'-, $
6c; light amber extracted, 4 1 4®DVic per lb.
BEESWAX— per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per lb for
heavy, 9V4c for light medium. 10c ' for light,
lie for extra light and 12®~12'4c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10'*.iSUc; Cali
fornia Hams, S^ijflOc; Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef, $12; Salt
Porlf, $9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear
$17(g)17 50; mess, •• $15; Smoked Beef, 12®12%c
per lb.
Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per lb
for compound and 8c for pure; palls, S^c:
California tierces, 5V4c per lb for compound
and 7c for pure; half barrels, 'He: 10-lb tins
8c; 5-lb tins, BV4c. , - . . .
COTTOLENE - Tierces. 6=H^6%c: packages
lees than 300 lbs — 1-lb palls, 60 in a case »V»c
3-lb pails, 20 in a case. B%c; 5-lb palls, 12 in a
case, BV4c: 10-lb palls. 6 In a case, B*4c: 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 77 7.«o:7 .«o: wooden buckets 20
lbs net, BMic; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net. "%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides are dull at the decline.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, sy 2 ; Cow
hides. 9c; Stags, 6c; salted Kip, 8c; Calf,
9c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands.
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c: dry Calf, 17c;
Goatskins, 27H<S*0c; medium, 30c; winter, 10c; !
Sheepskins, shearling?, lusf2fic each; short wool," I
30(g'40c each; medium, 60fJjS0c; long wool, 90c©
$1 10 each: Hnrsehldes, salt, $2 25 for large I
and $ltfl 75 for small; Colts, r.Oc: Horsehides, j
dry, $1 75 for large and" 75c@$l 25 for small; :
Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3^o per tt>; No. 2,
2%c; refined, 4Hs'4^; Grease. 2c.
WOOL— Fall clips. Southern Mountain, 7<??10c:
free Northern, 9©120. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain. 12 months'. 96fll": San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months', S®10o; Foothill and
Northern, free, 12(ffl4c; do, defective. 10iS'12c; !
Middle county, 13©16 c: Humboldt and Mendo- i
clno, 14^ 16c; Nevada, 10<uUc: Eastern Oregon,
1018*120 ; Valley Oregon, 15^1 7c.
HOPS— IB 97 crop, 9@l2Hc per Ito.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 4%c; Wool Bags,
nominal; San Quentln, $4 85.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lngton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seat- j
tie. $6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, ]
$7 50; Cumberland, $10 25 in bulk and $11 50 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per tun; Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14 In i
sacks:
SUGAR— Tho Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered, 6V4c; Candy
Granulated. 6c: Dry Granulated, E"ic; Confec
tioners' A. 574 c;5 7 4c; Magnolia A, 5V4c; Extra C,
S%c; Golden C, B^c; California A, 5%c per 1b;
half barrels, more than barrels, and boxes
Vie more. |
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There is no further decline In Hog».
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6V4c; second quality,
5V4@-6c; third quality, 4Vti<f*sV4c.
VEAL-- Large, Woe; small, B@>7c per It).
MUTTON— Wethers, 7'/4@Sc; Ewes, 7®7ttc
per tt).
LAMB— S@B'/c per n>.
PORK— Live Hogs, i\i<fH%c for. large, 4%@
4*V«e for medium and 4{?i>i for small; stock
Hogs, 2£T3 I / 4c; dressed Hogs, 6#7%.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, July 27.
Flour, qr Bks ... 8.43S Hops, b?.les 34
Wheat, ctls 041 1 Wool, bales 6?4
Barley, ctls 1,400 Hay, tons 81S
Oats, ctls 680 Pelts, bdls 74
Corn, ct:s 400 Hides, no 404
Cheese, ctls 92 ■ Quick.' liver, flsk. 142
Batter, ctls 271 Leather, rolls ... 36
Bran, sks 700 Lumber, ft 30,000
Potatoes, sks ... 2.615 Wine, gals 22,400
Middlings, sks .. 40 Chicory, bbls .... 25
Onions, sks 374 Lime, bbls 120
Straw, tons ..... 10!
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 6.o66pats, ctls 670
Wheat, ctls 11,61' i Bran, sks 4,781
Barley, ctls 2.440 1
OREGON.
Hops, bales 23 j
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were rnth»r firmer again yes
terday and several scored a slight advance.
The San Francisco Board has abolished the
admission charge to the lobbies and will here
after admit male dealers free.
Local securities were active and Hutehlnson
advanced to $61.
The yield of the Overman mine for the past
week amounted to 16 carloads of ore, the aver
age assay value of which was ?S2 78 per ton.
This ore was extracted from the north drift
workings on the 90y-fnot level.
In the Caledonia mine on the 1000-foot level |
the lateral drift to the westward at the head j
of the Incline upraise from the 1100-foot level !
southeast drift is out 34 fort, 8 feet having j
been added for the week. The formation Is
quartz of a low assay value.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, July 27— 2 p. m.
Bld.Abk. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— I Oakland Gas.. 51 — •
4s quar coup. .lll 1114 Pac Gas Imp.. SCVi 87
4h (juar reg...1'.0 111 IPac I, Co 4» —
Is quar new...126%127V« 6 F G & 12... 8S BSH
Miscellaneous — ,San Fran .... 3H 313 1
Cal-st Cab 55. 112 — Stock Gnu .... 13 —
Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance—
CO Wat 55... 97 100 iPirem's Fund. — 205
I E L & P fs..l2S&— i Hank Stocks—
uup-sc ex c... — 9SH Anirlo-Cal .... 56 65
r' &Cl Ky 65. .115 — ißank of Cal. .244 —
Geary-st. a 6s. — 100 cc a l SD & T.. 36 97
HC & S 5%8..100 105 First Nat 200 —
L A L Co 6s. — 100 L-.n I' & A....12S —
Do gntd 6».. 97 101 Mer Exchange 10 15
Market-st 6h..124 — Nev Nat 8....156 182H,
Do Ist M 6«..114'..4 — Savings Banks—
Not Vln 6s lsts— 97H Ger S L L.. — 1650
NCNO Ry 75.104 - Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Ca! 65.. 108 — Mutual Say. — 42%
N Ry Cal .101 102H S F Fay U.. 480 —
NPC It R DS.IQO 10:1,4 S & L 50.... — 100
N P C H X 63.103 10S Security S R 300 —
Oak Gas '.5....1"0 — Union T Co. looo —
Do 2d Is 55. .108% — Street Railroad—
Om Ry 6s 126</4 — California. ....106 —
P * O 6s 107 — Geary 40 —
P&CI Xv 65. 104 — M.irk.'t-?t .... 53 bSY
Powell-st 65.. .119 — Presidio 6«4 8
Reno WL&L..IOO — Powder— '•-•-'•
Sac El Ry 55. 100 — California ....140 157&
ISF &N P 55.1f1«n4 — !E Dynamite... S5 —
SlcrraßCal 6s. — 103 Giant Con Co. 47H 48V t
ISPOf Ar 6b..105% — VlKOrlt 3 "\
S V Cal 6s — 113 Miscellaneous—
BPC Is •■« 55.. 34 — Al Pac Assn.. 94Vi 95
S P Br 6a 115 115% Ocr Ld Wks..lSo —
? V Wat 48...1C2V4 — Hana P C 0.... 15*4 IS
S V Wat t0.. .117% — II C * S Co.. 24% 24%
Stock Gas C 5..100 — Hutch S P Co. 51 51>4 '
Water Stocks— Mor Ex Assn. 90 —
! Contra Costa.. 50 — Nat Vln C 0... — 7
Marln Co (10 — Oceanic S Co. 55% 57
Spring Valley. M% — Pac A F A.... 1% 214
Gas * Electric— Pac Rot C 0.... 100 104
Cent Gaslight. los — Par Paint Co. 7 —
Mutual El Co. — 11
Mornine Session.
60 Hana Plantation Co 15 37H
40 Market-street Railway 53 00
I $1000 X P C R R 5s Bonds 100 00
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 25 00
160 do do 24 87V4
75 do do 24 75
60 do do 24 62%
2."> Pacific Gas Imp 8650
IK.no Park & Cliff House Cs Bonds 103 75
11006 do do 104 00
MSF Gas * Electric Co 87 50
60 Spring Valley WaUr 98 35
. ' Afternoon Secalon. ,-",,;/
60 Hutchinson B P C 0...".: 5100
240 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 24 75
ISP Gas A Electric Co 87 25 .
25 do do 87 874
35 do do 88 00
i 25 do do s 5 88 25
; J12.000 S P Branch Ry Bonds 115 00
SO Vigor! t Powder 3 12%
Street—
$5000 Market-street Ry Con Bonds 6s 114 50 |
2' Pacific Gas Imp :.. 86 .SO
25 Spring Valley Water 98 25
J6OOO S P of A Bonds 105 60
j $1000 S F & N P Ry Bonds 106 S7ft
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
7.'. Hutchtnson S P Co 50 BO
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 25 25
Afternoon Session.
$4GOO Spring Valley. Water 45....'. 102 50
DO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 24 75
MIXING STOCKS.
Following • were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Crown Point ... 051100 .sierra Nevada.. 51
200 Seg Belcher 041200 Yellow Jacket... 17
Afternoon Session.
200 Con Cal & Va.. 39 200 Mexican 15
600 Gould & Curry.. OS 200 Sierra Nevada.. 51
100 Hale & Norcrs. 60 300 Yellow Jacket... 18
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Belcher 14if00 19
4i«H 'hollar 17 300 Savage 14
400 18 300 . .. 13
1000 20 300 Sierra Nevada.. 49
200 Con Cal & Va.. 39i2W Union Con 20
200 Mexican 12 300 Yellow Jacket... 17
6uo Ophsr . IS I
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 09 25 Hale & Norcrs. 55
CCO Beat & Belcher 19 309 Mexican 15
800 Chollar 19 200 Ophir 20
100 Con <al & Va.. 'Si SCO Overman .. 06
1200 Crown Point .. 05 1]00 Sierra Nevada.. 51
fOO.. • 06 206 Union Con 29
GOO Gould & Curry. OS 1 1000 Utah 02
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, July 27—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 03 Justice 04 05
Alta 08 09 Kentuck 03 05
Andes 05 06 Lady ..'ash ... — 02
Belcher 18 20 Mexican 14 17
Best & Belcher 19 21 Ophir 20 21
Bullion ... .. 04 0!. Overman 05 OS
Caledonia 16 18 Potosl 19 20
Chollar 19 20 Savage 12 13
Challenge Con. — 15 Seg Belcher ... — 05
Confidence 37 40 Scorpion 01 —
Con Cal A- Va. 39 40 Occidental 60 55
Con Imperial .. — 03 Sierra Nevada. 51 54
Crown Point .. 08 0!" Silver Hill 04 06
Con New York. —, 03 Syndicate — 03
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard 150 165
Exchequer — 03 Union Con 19 21
Gould & Curry. 08 10 Utah 02 OS
Tale & Norcrs. 60 60 Yellow Jacket. 18 20
Julia — 02
■ m ■
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Dennis J. Toohy (by Murray F. Vandall.
commissioner) to William H. Nevllls, lot on N
line of Bush street, 87:6 W of Laguna, W 35
by N 1<X); $6486.
George A. and Charlotta H. Turner to James
H. Donovan, lot on \V line of Pierce street, 50
S of O'Farrell, S 25 by W 87:6: J3200.
Bernard R. Keenan to Mary Keenan (wife),
lot on S line of Broadway, 157:6 W of Jnnos
street, W 23 by S 60; also lot on NE line of
First street, 69 SE of Harrison, RE J14:4V4 by
NE 137: C; also lot on NE corner of Eagle
(Nineteenth) and Capp streets, E 30 by N 90;
also lot on N line of Clay street, 88 W of Tay
lor, W 19:6 by N 67:6: $10.
Patrick Lynch (Insane, by Philip Lynch,
guardian, by B. P. Oliver, commlsslsner) to
Hibernia Savings and I^oan Society, lot on N
line of Eddy street, 37:6 E of Larkln, E 60 by
N 87:6; $10,706.
Yelle V. or Qelle O. and Lena Ocsterman t(,
John P. and Julia Saver, lot on E line of Texas
street, 275 S of Yolo, S 25 by E 100: grant.
Sarah Rice to AVilllam F. Rice, lot on E line
of Thirty-sixth avenue, 150 S of J street. S 25
by E 120; $10.
Sunnyslde Land Company and California Ti
tle Insurance and Trust Company to Elizabeth
Hicks (wife of W. A.), lot 47, block 4«, Sunny
side; $10.
Ellen Theobald to Margaret Gillies, lot 33.
block 33, City Land Association : $.O.
Jane Netterfleld to Thomas Netterfleld. lot
on E line of Boyce street, G0« N of Point Lobos
avenue, N 34 :S^. E tn point, W 240, lot 30. block
642 Point Lobos Avenue Homestead Associa
tion: Rift.
Thomas Netterfleld to Michael and AnnU
Lynch, same: sift.
Paul T. Hahmann to George A. and Charlotta
H Turner, lot on NE line of Harrington street
125 MV of Mission. NW 75 by NE 100. block
4, Academy Tract: $ICOO.
Richard and Catherine Davis to August Pra
dels, lot on SW line of Fourteenth avenue, So
NW of P street. NW 25 by SW 100, block 292,
O*N and H Tract: $525.
Alameda County.
Cary and Fannie K. Howard to Lulle C. and
Lydla S. Holeomb, lot on W 11ns of Ruby
street, 166 N of Weston avenue, N 37:6 by W
145, being lot 12 and S half of lot 13, block B,
Broa'lway and Telegraph Avenue Park Tract,
OrHr.nd Annex; $10.
Mary Thrum to Christian Bauer, lot I on
subdivision of map of lots 19, 20, 21, 28 to 32,
Peralta Park, Oakland Township; »5.
George J. Lynch to Ella Mc&lanus, lot on N
line of East Fourteenth street. 71.62 E of \vhit
tier, E 75 by N 124. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Ella R. and J. B. Amerman to T. ii. Cleg
horn, lot 20, block 7. Amended Map Butler
Tract. Oakland Annex; $10. , „
Kate A. Libby to Otis G. Day, lot 6. block C,
KinK Tract. Brooklyn Township; $2000.
Hermione Koppitz (wife of Henry) to Sara
Spnrhawk. lot on N line of Pacific avenue.
255.11 W of St. Charles street, W 54 by N 150.
block L. Map of Property of Columbus Bartlett.
Alnmeda: 52135.
F. A. ami Mac O. Losh to Matthew and Kate
Patrick, lot on W line of Hannah street, 100
N of A. N 25 by W 133, being subdivision A of
lot 11. block 794, Watts Tract, map 2, Oakland;
$750.
Charles H.. Anita P. and Anna M. Stark
weather to Pacific Press Publishing Company,
lot on N line of Thirty-ninth street. 203 :S Eof
West, E 133:8 by N 100. Oakland Annex: $10.
Annie E. and E. A. Bushell to Anna C. Klute,
lot C, block E. Linda Vl»ta Terrace. Oakland
Annex; $2000.
Henry W. Vo£t to Henry F. and Minna
Borcher, lot on E line of Eighth street. 146:3 N
of Delaware, N 50 by E 130, being lot 20, block
63, Tract B. Berkeley Land and Town Improve
ment Association, Berkeley, warranty deed;
$1600.
P. G. and Harriet M. Buchanan to West wood
W. Case, lot on W line Chapel street. 160 S ot
Allrton way, S 10 by W 137:1%, block 5, map
of Villa lots S of the university, Berkeley: $300.
Clark Simons to Theodore and Adlina Et.
On«re lot on N line of San Loan dro road, 169. K0
E of' Nurley avenue. N 245.42, E 120. S 202.12,
N 125.95 to beginning, being portion of Kings
land Tract. Brooklyn Township: t7Sr>.
Clara D. and Charles Thorn Jr. (by commis
sioner) to Lydia M. Franc!.-., lot on BE >■< r:.er
of Pn.ru street and San Jose avenue. S 50 by
E 147, being lot 11, block N, Oak Park, Ala
meda: $3111. .
Lydia M. Francis to Charles Thorn Jr.. same,
Alameda: $10.
Patrick- J. and Mary E. Keller to Kate
Conlln, lot 11, Keller's Rose Park. Oakland
Annex: $10. ■ , - * . '
Anson S. Blake (and as attorney) and Anita
S Blake (by attorney) to Charles Anderson,
lot 9, block 107, Tract B. Berkeley L. ami T.
I Association, Berkeley; tIOOO.
Andrew Jones to John Ruscelll, lots 6 and
7, block K. Map of Andrew Jones' Subdivision,
Brooklyn Township; $100.
Alamcda Land Company to Mac L. Troy
(wife of C. P. Jr). re-record 640 d 76, of lot on
SW corner of Buenn. Vista avenue and St.
Charles street, 6 50 by V.' 129.11. block L. map
of property of Columbus Bartlett, Alameda;
$10.
THE CALL CALENDER
July. ISO?.
9u.
Mo
Tu.
rr«
Moon 1 Phi***.
4
11
/Tjv Fait -1.13 1.
si/ July 8
JrLast iurMr.
U. Joly I!
A New Moon,
\if July 18.
15
B
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the Unlud States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In Pan Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information enn always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new F»rry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten mlnuteE before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic sljjnal re
ceived each day from the I'nited States Signal
ObFervatory, Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any, is published
In tha morning papers th^ following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, JULY 28.
Bun rises : 5:09
Bun sets 7:22
Mi'in sets 0:00 a. m.
.Time
I
Feet.
H W
!h w
1:05
2:07
3:04
3:5.'.
4:40
5:24
6:07
0.21 «:!
-0.31 S::
—0.7 10:!
— l.«' 11:
—1.0 11:
—0.9 12::
— 0.6| 12:1
3.6
3.9
4.2
4 4
4.7
4.»
6.0
10:05'
1 :18j
2:2.','
3:25 1
4:11
5:14
6:08|
3.1 6:26
3.2 7:30
3.2 8:31
3.0! 9:SI
2.8; 10. 2€
2.C 11:21
2.2
6.7
5.9
e.i
6.2
6.2
6.0
NOTE! — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the ljft
hand column ami the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column glv»s the
last tide of the dny, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
I'nited States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, July
2". 13? S.
The time ball was not dropped July 27 on
account of signals not coming through.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired). U. S. N., In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
California Portland July 23
3anta Rosa Ban Diego July 28
>eucent City... Crescent City July 28
Mackinaw Tacoma July 28
>r<znba Humbnldt July 29
\rcata Coos Bay .;...... July 29
Slam Nanalmo July 29
iVll'.amette Prattle I.Tuly 30
Ruth Portland jJBly 30
Jmatllla.. Victoria & Pug»t SoundiJuly 31
Czarina Seattle (July 31
Washtenaw Tacoma July 31
Utneola Tacoma July 31
Samoa Seattle July 31
Columbia Portland I Aug. 1
Pomona [Pan Diego ■ lAug. 1
rillamook St. Michael ...|Au». 1
3rnpp Dollar... Michael 'An*. 1
IHumboldt Aug. 1
san Bias Panama Aug. 1
Bristol Departure Bay Aug. 1
Humboldt St. Michael Aug. 1
rt0r1c...... China and Japan lAusr. 2
Homer INewport Aug. 3
!1
fumi
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Pier.
tarbuck ..Panama jjuly 28, lj )n PMSS
iomer (Newport IJuly 2S. 9 ftmlPler 11
hilkat 'Humbolrft I.Tuly 28, 9am T'!*r 13
■ulton |Or«Kon Ports.] July 29, 8 amjPler 20
anta Rcsa'San Diego July 30. 11 amlPler 11
tate of CaliPortland July 30. lOam'Pler U
,'alla W....!Vir A P>rt Sd.ijuly 30. 10 am Pier 9
rmaba . . .. 'Humboldt .... July 31. 10 am Pier 9
.rcata 'Toob Bay 'July 81, 10 am Pl<»r IS
oos R»y..!\Vn-nnrt 'Aug. 1, 9 iim'Pierll
olumbla .. j Portland !Aug. 3, 10 amjPier 12
omona San Diego jAug. 3, 10 am I'ler 11
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, July 27.
Stmr Marlpoga, Haywards. 26 flays from byd
nev, via Honolulu 6 days and 8% hours.
Ptmr Cleone, Miller. 14 hours from Albion.
Stmr Alcazar, Ounderson, 43 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Br ship Alclnous. MacCormalg, 159 days fiu
Ardrossan.
Br ship Alcldes, Dart, 154 days frm Antwerp.
Sehr ■ Jennie Thelln, Hansen, 5 days . from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Challenger, Anderson. 7 days from New
"Whatcom.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, July 27.
Btmr Ilcmer, Jessen, San Pedro; Gcodall
Perkins & Co.
Schr Thng S Negus, Brandt. Unalaska; Bos
ton Sea Exp Co.
BAILED.
Tuesday, July 26.
Btmr Lagruna, Ericsson, Bear Harbor.
Wednesday, July 27.
V S Btmr Philadelphia. WadleUh. Honolulu.
Stmr Coqullle River, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson.
Bmhlp Acamas. Nelson, Royal Roads.
Schr Monterey, Beck, Bowens Landing.
Schr Mary Buhne. Weber, Eureka.
Schr Ocean Spray, Ostlln. Iversens Landing.
Schr Fortuna, Ropich. Eureka.
Schr Mary Dodge, Hansen, Albion and La
Pax.
TKLEGTRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS-July 27, 10 p. m.— Weather
thick; wind SW; velocity 8 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Esther Buhne loads redwood at Eureka
for Honolulu.
The Glfnbreck loads wheat at Portland for
Europe, 355.
SPOKEN
May 31—29 S 32 W. Br ship Alice A Leigh,
from Tacnma for Queenstown.
July 17—32 S IS W, Br bark Routenburn, frm
Swansea for San Francisco.
DISASTER.
Haw schr Kaullua, (ex-Qer schr Mary C
Bohm) was wreceked prior to July IS at Kau-^
nakakai, Hawaiian Isles; crew saved.
!'" lid ESTK ' !'■ >RT&
TATOOBH— Passed July 26— Ship Piriso. from
Shanghai for Port Tov.-nsend; bark Tidal Wave,
from Taeoma ior Sun Pedro; stmr Mineola,
hence July 23 for Tacoma
PORT ANGELES— Arrived July 27-Ship Dlr
ipo. fri m Shanghai.
SEATTLE-Sailed July 26-Schr Golden Gate,
for Cooks !"'"•
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed July 27-Schr
John A Cnmj)lir-il. for N>wi,, .rt
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 27— Chll
bark Augusta, from Antofagasta; sohr Falcon,
: from St Mi. hael.
| SEATTLE— Arrived July 27 -Stmr Czarina, ho
i July 22.
Sailed July 27— Stmr Samoa, for Pan Fran
cisco.
TATOOSH— Passed July 87— Nor strr.r frd.
i hence July 22 for PortT iwi -
; NEWPORT— Arrived July XI -Stmr Newburg,
I from Eureka.
j POINT LOBOS— Passed July 2* at n p. m
i Haw stmr San Ktateo. 'r-mi Port Los
for Comox: reported by pilot boat Bonlta
FORT BRAGG— Arrived July 27-Sti;
quola, hence July 27
BOWENS LANDING- Sailed July Zl
Newark, for P'iri Francisco.
NEWPORT— Arrived July 27-Schr II
from Eureka.
IS A l,— Arrived July 27— Stmr Sunol, hence
July 2-5.
FIBH ROCK— Arrived July 27-Schr Nettta
Bundbors, her.cc July 22; schr Rel
July 2S.
.SEATTLE— Arrlvr.l July 27 at 3:30 p m— Stmr
Humboldt, from St Michael.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Juiy 27—Stmr Mackinaw,
for Pan Fraocteco, with raft in tow.
PAX I) lEGO— Sailed July 27—Stmr Hueneme,
for San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived July 26— Schr
Queen, from Port Townsead.
ASTORIA- Sailed July 27— Br bark Penrhyn
Castle, for Olgoa Hay.
Arrived Juiy 26— Ger Ftmr Tai Fu, fmm
Vladlvostock.
COOS RAY— Arrived July 27—Stmr Arcata,
hence July 21.
FOREb, PORT?.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed June 10— Br ship
Mayfield. for San Francisco; Br ship Ila'a. for
Unalaaka. 11— bark Inversnald, for San
Francsleo. 12— Rktn Chas F Crocker, for Hono
lulu. 17— Ital bark Guiseppe, for San Fran
cisco. 18— lir ship Th'.rnli-i.a-..:;. for San Fran
cisco. 19— Schr E X Wood, for Honolulu: Br
ship Waterloo, for San Francisco. — BarK
Coluf<a, for Honolulu: Hr ship Asplce, for San
Francisco. Schr J M Weatherwax. for Ka
hulul. July 2— Br ship Vincent, for Honolulu.
In port July 4— Br ship Allerton, for San
Francisco; Chll bark Bundaleer, for San Fran
cisco; Br bark Calthness-fhlre. for San Fran
cisco; Br ship Clackmannanshlre. for Oregon:
Br ship Glfford. for San Francisco; bark Har
vester, for Honolulu; bark Holliswood, for San
Francisco: Ital bark Marie, for San Francisco:
Br ship Springbank, for San Francisco; Chll
bktn Wrestler, for Honolulu.
Chartered to load at Newcastle. NSW— Br
ship Buteshire, for Honolulu; t>Ktn Chehalis,
for San Francisco; Br ship Cromdale, for San
I Francisco; Br ship Fannie Kerr. for San Fran
cisco; Nor bark Fantasl, for Honolulu: Ha*
ship Fort George, for San Francisco; rtr ship
Gen Gordon, for Honolulu; Fr bark Gen Neu
mayf-r, for San Francisco; schr Golden Shore,
for Honolulu; Haw ship Hawaiian Isles, for
I San Francisco; Br bark Helen Denny, for
Honolulu: Haw schr Honolulu, for Honolulu:
Br bark Inverloch. for San Francisco; Br bark
Inverneill, for San Francisco; bktn Katie
I Fllckinger, for Honolulu: schr Lizzie Vance,
! for San Francisco; bark McNear. for San Fran
i Cisco; bktn Omega, for San Francisco: bark
I Oregon, for San Francisco; Br ship Pericles,
for San Francisco; Br ship Port Patrick, for
j San Francisco; Br ship Poseidon, for Oregon;
■ Haw ship Star of Italy, for Honolulu; Br ship
Wests-ate, for Honolulu.
; SYDNEY— In port July 4— Br ship Crown of
! India, for San Francisco: Br ship Gen Gordon,
1 for Honolulu via Newcastle, NSW: ship John A.
i Brlggs, for San Francisco; Br ship Pericles,
I for San Francisco via Newcastle, NSW: Br
! ship Port Patrick, for San Francisco, via New
i castle. NSW: Br ship Posledon. for Oregon via
Newcastle, NSW: CM! ship Star of Italy, for
Honolulu via Newcastle, NSW.
i HONOLULU— Arrived July Bark Seminal*,
I from Nanalmo. 10 — Bark Chas B Kenney, frm
Nanaimo; schr Nokomls. from Port Towns
schr Maria E Smith, from Grays Harbor. 14—
Br stmr Coptic, hence July 7. Bark Martha
Davis, hence July 1. 16 — Bark Topgallant, frm
Nanaimo; schr Orient, from Seattle. 17— Scnr
Transit, hence July 3. IS— Brig Wm G Irvin,
hence July 3. 20— Stmr Alameda, hence .Inly
14: stmr Mariposa, from Sydney.
Sailed July B— Br stmr Mlowera, for Sydney:
stmr Newport, for Manila. 9 — Stmrs City of
Para, Morgan City. Ohio. Valencia and In
diana, all for Manila: bark Mohican, for >an
Francisco. 12- Bktn Planter, for Laysan Isl
and. 13— Haw stmr Walleale. for Laysan Isl
and; XT S stmr Monadnock and Nero, for Ma
nila. It— stmr Coptic for Yokohama. 16—
c Brig John I") Spreckels. for San Francisco. —
I Stmr Alameda, for Sydney.
HILO— Sailed July 9— Bark Levi G Burgess,
for San Francisco.
COLON— Arrived July 23— Stmr Finance, frm
i New York.
, ACAPULCO— Arrived July 10— Br bark Cam
' brian Queen, from Newcastle, NSW.
ANTWERP— Arrived July 25— Ger ship H.
Bischoff. from Portland, Or.
AUCKLAND— Arrived June B— Br stmr Capo
Otway. from Vancouver.
QUEENSTOWN— PaIIed July 2G— Br ship Cy
promene. for Antwerp.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived- Julr !S-Br star Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver.
KAHULUl— Arrived July Schr Emma
Claudina. from Honolulu. „
Sailed July 11— Schr Emma Claudina. for Ta
coma. 13— Schr Muriel, for Ran Francisco. —
Schr Ottllle Fjord, for San Francisco.
HlLO— Arrived July 15— Haw bark Roderick
Dhu, hence June 28.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Railed July 27— Stmr Cymric.
for Liverpool.
BOULOGNE— Arrived July 27— Stmr Maas
daxn. from New York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed July 26— Stmr Sylvania,
for Boston.
LONDON— Arrived July 27— Stmr Victoria. fm
New York.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived July 27— Stmr
Bwltzfrland. from Antwerp.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed July 27— Str Lahn,
for New York.
OCEAS ISAV£C
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
kgi^ Steamers leave Broadway
Y^*>"ww. wharf. San Francisco:
V»s»TfifcL For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
f^tfjLSSailfc July 25, 30, AUfrust 4, 9, 14, 19,
t*i<k Uv4Vsi\U v4 V$i\ "*• transfer nt Seattle.
fijßJri^l \al For Alaskan ports (from
S2i^r-^-i4l Spear-street wharf). 10 a. m.,
r^^^^f^ August 3. 23. transfer at Port-
For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
C), Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma. Everett.
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
m. July 25 30, August 4, and every fifth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ,
at Tacoma with N. P.-Ry., at Vancouver with
C P Ry *
For Eureka <Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m., July
26, 31 August 6. and every sixth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. July 24. 28. August 1, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Loo Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a,
m.. July 22. 26, 30. August S. and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paa, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. lSth of
each month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
nr .i «., ■..-« Nt online.
•TICKET OFFICK— New Montgomery
Btreet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m. "^(
CADE $12 First Class "s Including Berths
iMIIU $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia August 3. 11, 19, 27
State of California.. July 30, Aujrust 7. 15, 23 31
St. Paul $16 00 St. Louis $32 00
Kansas City 26 00 Chicago 27 50
Omaha 28 00 New York 31 00
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
Compagnle Generate Transatlantlnoi.
France Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), ,42 North »>~.-^
River, foot of Morton st. ' Travelers <^^f^Tr\
by this line avoid both transit by-*!**^ 91
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York t"
1S&. K {[T- vu Par ' 3'3 ' firbt claM * 1W;
J- A TOURAINE Auk. 6. 10 a. m
LA 3I?ETA(.NE Auk IT 10 » m
LA NORMANDIE .. . Au S 20 10 a. m.
LA OASrOGNK Auir 4 10 a' S*
For' further" particulars 'apply "to "' 10 "" m '
C TIQUE: N A«nt GENERAL^ ' TRANSATLAN-
_ TTr S VV T *, Q "^ lln X Qrem, New York.
«4^an^^l?co^ AKentB ' 6 Mo »^-^
ff3fsß!*|?Jffl The S. S.MARIPOSA
«# l «§ia* salls vfn Honolulu and
l. la for Sydney
3 Li -^ Wednesday. August 10,
nXCdfflSn D^' Llne to COOLGAR-
**ySm«iu,". DIE Australia, and
(Omß3Rih CA , PE TOWN. Sout *
v- "r"""^ A'rlca.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery st.
Freight of flee— 327 Market Ft., San Francisco.
FOR 0. S. HAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO. J
Steamer "Monticollo."
Mon.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat
9:46 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
! Fridays ..1 p. m. and 8:30 p. «n.
Bundny? .TV3O a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and of flees— Mission Dock, Pier *.
Telephone P.ed 224 LAMBROSE WANTS
TO PULL UP
THOSE RAILS
Street Superintendent Will Obey
the Instructions of the
Supervisors.
He Scores the Street Railway Monopoly for
Maintaining a Nuisance on Market
Street.
If Superintendent of Streets Ambrose la I
not restrained by Injunction there will be
a grand exhibition of "rail raising*,' on
Market street on the morning of Au
gust 6. The ten days given the Market- j
street Railway Company to remove the
horse car tracks from the thoroughfare
expire on that day. Superintendent Am
brose, Judging from an Interview with
him last evening, is Just aching to do the
Job. A Call reporter asked him for an
opinion on the resolution ordering the
rails removed and also what his plans \
were.
"I will do my duty." said Superintend
ent Ambrose, adding with unmistakable
emphasis, "and those tracks will be re
moved on the 6th day of August if the
action of the Board of Supervisors is le
gal. The Market-street Railway Com
pany may apply for an injunction re
straining me from carrying out the In
structions of the board, and if such an
order Is granted by the court and served
•upon me, of course I shall have to. obey
"I do not know what the Intention of
the railway company are. On Monday I
notifitxi the company, as directed by the
resolution, to move the tracks inside of i
ten days. "Nothing has been Bald to me |
by any oflicial or employe of the street j
railway; and I have not the faintest idea j
what "their action will be. I presume, :
however, that hey will fight the matter
out in the courts.
iter tracks are not nailed by
public win suiter no
er by their removal.
;ire a nuisance and
1 have been removed long ago. The
K>se a::d aru a menace to trans
tlon.
ag Market street In a
. you :ir^ lucky if your r>~ is not
- hors-* injured because of
. • r ir;u'ks.
•"Visitors to our city must necessarily
unfavorable Impressoin of
see the dilapidated horse
cars and loose rails on our main thor
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE.
A Business Session and a Grand En
tertainment at Metropolitan
Temple.
The grand officers and delegates to the
grand body of the Young Ladies' Insti
tute asserrfblrd yesterday morning in St.
Charles' Church to attend mass prior to
the opening of the first day's session of
the Grand Institute, Mass was celebrated
in the tastefully decorated church by
Rev. Father Cummings, the spiritual ad
viser of the grand body.
The ofTie<;rs ■■<! delegates then went to
, th<-. Jrjfltiuite heaxlauatAers.. at .Market 'and
Tf nth streets-, where the credentials of the
delegate were favorably 're-ported upon
\>y the committee, consisting of Misses
Comyns; Grove and Harrold.
The meeting m called to order by
Mrs. Mary Nagle. grand president, end
after the preliminary business of organl-
Eation the following )same<l grand of-r
ficera were appointed; Grand second vice
presiaent; Mrs. M. Nagle of Butt*:; grand
marshal. Miss Mary Klynn of Oakland;
grand inside sentinel. Mr:<. Kennedy of
Napa; fc-rand outside sentinel, Mrs. A.
Orr of Grass Valley; grand organist,
Mlsh Mftmi« Stein of San Francisco.
.'']■• officers r>r*sr::i»"d their reports.
• : Ito the appropriate
•r which Rtv. Father
Cununings delivered ;m address.
At the afternoon session there was an
address by Archbishop. IMordan. who
seated that he was well pleased with the
■work the young ladles had done since the
previous session and congratulated them
hi carrying out the precepts of their re
ligion. He concluded by giving them good
novice and his blessing.
The president, in a very feeling man
ner, ' announced the death of the late
president, Miss Sophie' A. Grote.
In the evening there was a grand lite
rary and musical entertainment in Met
ropolitan T'-mplH. The budding, which
was tastefully decorated with evergreens.
bunting and patriotic emblems, was filled
to lta seating capacity. One of the feat
tures of the evening was an address by
Frank J. Murasky, who paid a flattering
compliment to woman and to the noble
work in which the ladies of the Institute
are entered. He took occasion to refer
to the war and declared that President
JlcKlnley in declaring war in behalf of a
Kufferlng and • downtrodden people had
placed the United States two centuries
ahead In the matter of civilization, and
that Dewey in May, when he entered the
harbor of Manila and destroyed the Span
ish fleet, destroyed the compact of na
tions, which for centuries prevented one
nation from interfering in the affairs of
another nation, and that the United
Ktat«-« had Bet the example .hat when one
nation oppresses a weaker one it is the
duty of another strong nation to step in
in the name of humanity and prevent that
oppresi ...
■ During the evening the following excel
lent programme was rendered:
Plan i duet. "Jolly Coppersmith." Miss
May Stein and Miss May Looney; tenor
bolo. J. C. Flood; recitation Miss Cora
Flske: selections. Little Rosie Bennett;
recitation. Thomas Hicke — Instrumental
duet, cornet M. Grcnr.an, trompone J.
Brusher; vocal solo. Miss Daisy Keane;
comic selection, J. Cathcart; ban solo,
6. J. Daly; election. Columbia quartet,
J. C. Flood. F. A. Grifflng, J. C. O'Don
r.ell and S. J. Daly.
Th- several numbers were well re
ceived.
MIDWEEK THEATER NOTES.
Business npd Announcements of the
Various Playhouses.
•■A Gallant Surrender" at the Co
lumbia Theater has been much Im
proved since the opening night, and is
now running in quite a satisfactory man
ner. The attendance i.-< good and the en
tertainment much better than was prom
ised by the first production. There will
be a matinee on Saturday and a Sunday
nlprht performance. Next Monday
night the Frawley Company will ap
pear in John Drew's greatest comedy
•ucresH, "The M.-.sked Ball," the play in
■*vri!oh lie made lf!s successful debut on a
star. Th t-omody will be well fitted to
the Frawley Company. Edward M. Bell
will be Been U\ Drf-w's part and May
Duekley win play the wife. The advance
pale of Beats la now going on.
.The Baldwin Theater will reopen in a
few weeks for the regular autumn Riid
winter Moason. Th« first of the Inns list
of attractions booked by Frledlander,
•f;nlt!ob & Co. to appear will be Henry
Miller and his company, under the man
ng-ement of Charles Frohtn.in. The suc
cessful star is to present three plays
flurtng liia stay.
The Alcazar is holding its own this
v.tik with "East Lynne." The playerß
have recovered from thf>ir Monday
nipht's imperfections and have nettled
down to good work. '.'Richelieu" and
"Camllle" follow. Both plays will be
presented the name week.
Morocco's is enjoying a good patronage
by reason of the excellent manner in
which "The Two Orphans" is ivesented.
The production is an ambitious and nota
ble one for the house, not only in the
matter of acting but in the beautiful and
striking stage settings.
The big bill at the Orpheum, including
the Macarte sisters, high-wire perform
ers; the Angela sisters, descriptive vocal
ists; Wilton and Stack, horizontal bar
artists; Valmore, the wonderful ..vocal
mimic and many other star artists, is
ouyhfure. Such a condition of affairs
would not be tolerated twenty-four hours
In any Eastern city, and the Eastern peo
ple are supposed to be less Impulsive and
less liable to take matters in their own
hands than we are.
"It seems to me the Market-street Rail
wuy Company— for what purpose I can
not imagine— is impelled by a strong de
sire to retard the progress of the city.
They declare they will not remove the
superfluous rails and that they will not
put down bituminous pavement between
and two feet each side of their tracks. If
the corporation had a particle of public
spirit in it there would be no delay In the
wurk of improving Market street and
making It one of the most beautiful thor
oughfares in the United States.
"n Its present state our main street is
a disgrace instead of a credit to us, and
there is no reason for It. except that the
city is in the grasp of an avaricious and
stubborn monopoly.
"Why, think of it— the fifth city of
America and the metropolis of the Pa
cific Coast, with greater per capita wealth
than any city of the country, has the
worst streets. We boast of our progress
lveness and enterprise, and thousands of
travelers cross the continent and come all
the way from Europe to visit us every
year, but what a shock they must re
ceive when they go for a drive along Mar
ket street.
"1 am very glad, indeed, that the Board
of Supervisors has acted decisively, and
I sincerely hope that the resolution will
be sustained by the court. I presume the
railway company's attorneys wll dig up
an innumerable number of technicalities
and endeavor in every way possible to ob
struct the much needed reform, and op
pose the wishes of all our citizens."
"How long will It take you to tear up
the outer track from Second to Sixth
street?" asked tho reporter.
"In less than half a day." replied Mr.
Ambrose. "When the time comes for me
to act there wil be no delay. I will put
a large force of men on tho job, and when
they get at those rails thoy wll come up
in a hurry. I have consulted my attorney
and shall be governed by his opinion. He
has been looking up tho statutes for sev
eral days and will advise me to-day."
packing this popular place nightly,
"The Beggar Student" is well acted,
sung- and staged at the Tivoli and the at
tendance is good. Next week the grand
opera season will open with the produc
tion of "Aida" in a magnificent style.
The Chutes is prospering these days.
The attractions of the fine entertainment
in the free theater, the drawing power of
Cannon, the great fat man, and the zoo
account for much of the popularity of
this novel amusement place.
ROOM FOR CONVENTIONS
Sacramento Citizens Mnke Pro
vision for the Dele
gates.
Arrangements have been perfected
making it possible to hold both the Demo
cratic and Republican State conventions
in the new pavilion building at Sacra
mento. This result was achieved yester
day by the committee of Sacramento citi
zens having the matter in charge, and
the fact was immediately communicated
to the State committees of both parties.
The news was received with much satis
faction, as it gave assurance that the
conventions will not be crowded for room.
and that the sessions can thus be held
with as t-mall amount of personal dis
comfort as the usual midsummer climate
of the capital city will permit.
It was given out some time ago that
the conventions would have to be held
!n the old pavilion building at Sixth and
M streets, for the reason that the new
pavilion would be in use by those who
are preparing exhibits for the State Fair,
which opens during the first week in Sep
tember. The floor space in the old build
ing Is somewhat limited, and the proposi
tion to hold the conventions there
brought forth a storm of protests that
threatened to injure the reputation of
Sacramento as a convention city. The
citizens' committee accordingly set to
work and succeeded in giving intending
exhibitors such assurances as resulted in
the surrender of the new pavilion to the
conventions until August 23.
KENNEL CLUB.
Classes Arranged for Canine Con
tests in the Future.
An unexpectedly large response was
made to the call of the San Francisco
Kennel Club for a meeting of the Pacific
<"oast kennel and specialty clubs. The
convention was called to order in the
parlor of the Occidental Hotel last JRht
at 8:30 o'clock. Dr. F. XV. d'Evelvn was
elected chairman and J. P. Norman sec-
retary.
The invitation, after reciting a pream
ble and resolution, set forth the follow
ing rules to be proposed for adoption to
j the American Kennel Club:
Puppy class, for dogs between six and
twelve "months.
Novice class, for Jos;s that have never
taken a first prize, winners in th« puppy
class >xcepteu.
<>),.>n class, open to all dogs exojpt
• ha mpious.
Premier class, open to dogs having won
four first prizes in open class.
Champion class, open to all dogs having
won three first prizes in premier class.
The following clube were represented:
San Francisco Kennel Club. Dr. F. W.
d" Evelyn, J. <",. Barker; Stockton Kennel
C!ul> J. E. Doake. F. C. Gifford; Pacific
Mastiff Club. J. P. Norman; Pacific Fo\
Terrier Club, N. TI. Hickman; Pointer
Club, Mertoh Allen; Collie Club, H. H.
Carlton; Taeoma Kennel Club, J. E.
Doake. H. T. Pavne; Seattle Kennel Club,
G. M. Cook. H. T. Payne.
The proceeding! opened with an objec
tion by Merton Allen to Mr. Payne's par
ticlpation, on the ground of the latter's
disqualification by the American Kennel
■ Chio. The objection being withdrawn, an
interesting dlscusnion followed. After an
,-iMe speech by Mr. Allen, to which Mi.
Payne replied at some length, Mr. Barker
explained that he had received mrorma
i tion from members of the American Ken
. nel Club that the proposed now rules
I stood little chance of consideration from
the A. K. C. Mr. Norman proposed to
submit a modification of the rul<- on win
ners" class, but Mr. Doake propped* an
amendment which was carried, and it
was resolved to petition the A. K. 0. to
revert to the classification in fore priir
to January I, 1898. Those voting in favor
were Doake and Payne, with two votes
each. Oiffonl. D 1D 1 Evelyn and Cook, while
against the amendment were Norman,
l'arker, Hickman, Allen and Carlton.
Coast Lights Again in Use.
MADRID. July 27.— The Spanish author
ities have decided to rellhunlnate the
lighthouses in the Belcarlc Islands, which
were ordered to be extinguished shortly
after the outbreak of the war,
« ♦ ■ —
LATE SHIPPING INTKLLIGKNCE.
..'. ARRIVED. V**'.
Thursday. July 27. '
Stmr State of California. Thomas; 49 hours
from Portland, via Astoria 40V4 hours.
V.ktn City of Papeete, Berudo; 39 day« from
Tahltl> DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 27— Nor
stmr Urd. Jience July 23. -
GRAYS HARBOR— July 27— Schr, O
T Hill, from Ventura; schr C A Thayer.- from
TA COMA— July 27— -Stmr Charles Nel
»on, for Fan Francisco.
• Arrived July 27— Stmrs Wwhtenaw and Mln
eola, hence July 23.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TIITJKSDAY, JULY 28, 1898.
THE ALAMEDA
CONVENTION
Third District Republi
cans Will Meet
ON SATURDAY, AUGUST 20
APPORTIONMENT OF DELEGATES
SAME AS STATE.
The County Committees to Determine
Whether There Will Be Sepa
rate Primaries and
Delegates.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July 27.
The convention of the Republican Third
Congressional District will be held In this
city Saturday morning, August 20, at 11
o'clock. This was decided upon by the
Congressional committee this forenoon
at their meeting held in the office of
Kobert Edgar, 963 Broadway. The com
mittee consists of the following named
gentlemen:
At large— W. H. Friend.
Forty-sixth Assembly District— George
Oakes.
Forty-seventh— T. W. Lydecker.
Forty-eighth— C. L. Ingler.
Forty-ninth— W. W. Morrison.
Fiftieth— J. E. Furnum.
Fifty-first— Robert Edgar.
Glenn County— J. K. Kendricks.
Solano County-^J. J. Luchsinger.
Contra Costa County— W. A. Hall.
Colusa County — J. W. Browning.
Tolo County— E. H. Archer.
Lake County— W. B. Collier.
They were slow in getting together.
Mr. Edgar held the proxy of W. A. Hall
of Contra Costa County and Mr. Friend
that of J. W. Browning of Colusa, The
absentees were T. \V. Lydecker of the
Forty-seventh and C. L. Ingler of the
Forty-eighth Assembly Districts and W.
B. Collier of Lake County. The room con
tained many politicians, who dropped in
to eeo what action would be taken.
Among them were Messrs. A. E. Bolton,
William Nat Friend, Emil Nusbaumer,
W. H. Henshaw, F. C. Clift, W. W. Cam
ron, William Moller, W. H. H. Hussey,
G. D. Metcalf, R. J. Boyer, T. T. Dargie,
Charles Mautalen, G. A. Rudolph, C. H.
Miller, Paul Schaeffer and Frunk Arm-
strong.
Chairman Friend stated that the com
mittee had been called together in re
sponse to the action of the Republican
State Central Committee, and Secretary
Edgar read the proceedings of the State
Committee relative to the action of the
Congressional Committee and its powers.
Mr. Friend announced that the only
thing to be done was the ftcing of the
time and r>iace for the convention and
the apportionment of delegates.
Mr. Luchslr.ger of Solano su~<rested
that the committee should determine
■whether the delegates to the Congres
sional convention should be the same as
those to the State convention. This
caused considerable discussion, Dut it was
tacitly agreed that the matter was one
for the County Central Committee to act
upon.
The place of meeting called forth quite
a contest. W. W. Morrison named Oak
land, suggesting tna.t as Alameda County
had C 7 delegates she had the greatest
number to accommodate. Mr. Kendrioks
of Glenn expressed the idea that Oakland
wanted everything, including the candi
dates. He believed it would be wise to
hold the Congressional convention at
Sacramento at the time of the State con
vention. Tt would be a saving of ex
penpe, he said, as many would serve in
both bodies. Mr. Hull of Contra Costa.
tiy his proxy. Edgar, placed Martinez In
nomination, and Mr. Archer named Wood
land. Mr. Luchsinger presented the
claims of Valle.io.
On the first ballot Oakland received 4
votes; Sacramento, 2; Martinez. 1; Wood
land, 1; Vallejo, 2. Messrs. i takes. Mor
rison, Edgar and Farnum voted for Oa.K
land: Messrs. Luchslnger and Browning
for Vallejo: Messrs. Friend and Collier
for Sacramento; Mr. Archer for Wood
land and Mr. Hal] tor Martinez. On the
second ballot Messrs. Hall and Friend
changed to Oakland, giving this city six
votes, a majority. Vallejo received three
anil Sacramento two.
The date was made Saturday, August
20. at 11 a. m., on motion of Mr. Luch
singer, by a unanimous vote.
The question of apportionment of dele
gates caused another discussion. Mr.
Morrison moved that it be the same as
for the State convention, one delegate for
each 200 votes for Elector McKinfay. but
none at large. Mr. Kendricks moved to
base the apportionment on Htlborn'a vote,
and that delegates at large be allowed
from counties as under the call for the
State convention.
"I don't think Alameda County should
want it all!" exclaimed Mr. I.uehsinger
of Solano County, as he claimed a dele
gate-at-large from his county. As a sub
stitute to the prior motions he moved that
the apportionment be the same as adopted
for the State convention, and it was
unanimously carried. Glenn County hav
ing elected its delegates, the action was
ratified. '
The county chairmen will be required to
send In returns from the primaries or
caucuses for the election of delegates so
that they may be in before the ISth.
No formal recommendation was made
to the county committees regarding to
date of primaries, although it was sug
gested that they be held the same time
and place as those for delegates to the
State convention are.
COURSING AT UNION PARK.
Fast Dogs That Will Enter the Slips
on Saturday and Sunday.
The drawing for the open stake which
will be run on Saturday and Sunday at
Union Coursing Park, last evening, re
sulted as follows:
Pasha Kennel's Alameda vs. M. Tlernan'a
For Persecution; Ix-ihusen <fe Duncan's Presi
dio Girl vs. H. R. Baldwin's Chester; I. L.
Sears' Beauty vs. Lowe & Thompson's Prince
Hal; Cicorge Farrell's Tar-ra-ra vs. O. H.
Hobs' s Ol>n<Hah: E. V. Sullivan's Winged
Foot vs. J. It. Smith's Bendlgo; Derby Ken
nel's Mona vs. Curtis & Sons' Vanity Fair;
J. M. KerrlEan s Lady Blanche vs. J. Mc-
Cormark's White Wings; G. f'harman's Wait
a-kittle vs. O. Fangohor's Tocoloma; Pembrook
Kennel's* The Turk vs. Curtis & Sons' Cavalier;
John Kerrigan's St. Gertrude vs. E. V. Sulli
van's False Flatterer; K. V. Sullivan's Sky
ball vs. R. A. de Lopez' Minneapolis; C. L.
Wllletts" Jersey Wly vs. C. Stehls Johnny
Cork; D. J. Healeys Itusty Gold vs. H. W.
Mastlck's Top Notch; John Kerrigan's Lalla
Rookh vs. George Whitney's Theron; T. J.
Molnerney's Johnny R vs. Curtis & Sons' Ro
sette: S Hanson's L. S. Conley vs. Curtis &
Sons' Miller Mairt: Pacha Kennel* Rest As
furorl vs. .1. J. Warren's Sweet Lips: Pasha
Kennel's Gallant Foe vs. A. Johnson's Moun
tain Beauty; H. E. Fleming's Santa Rosa vs.
R E de Lopez 1 Arrow; I. L. Sears' Hot Stuff
vs T. E. MrEMowney's Hot Stuff; A. John-
Hon's Llsoak vs. Derby Kennel's Little Durritt:
Lowe & Thompson's Sir Wilful] vs. C. F. In
g^rsoll's GlenwooJ; E. V. Sullivan's Rr.yal
Ruck vs. Pembroolt Kennel's Wildflower: T.
.1 Mrlnerney's Sunolite vs. L. Austin's Glen
m<t.<>: T. J Cronln's Th<>rnhlll vs. Pasha Ken
n"l'p Metallic: G. H. Thomas' Lady Belle vp.
H. F.. de Ixipez' Green Valley Maid: L. Aus
tlns Tinu^lßß vs. J. 11. Perrigro's Wayfarer:
Pasha Kennel's Arapahoe vb. J. McCormiek's
Rapid; T. B. MoEldowney's Blackstone vs. H.
Teaner'a Monotony; E. & R. Scott s Mystery
vs. T. J. Mclnerney's Rosen R; J. McCormiek's
White LHy vs. R. F. de Lopez' Quiver; E. V.
Sullivan's' Pretender vs. Pierce & Sullivan's
Snnta flf-lln: T>. Hooker's Koolawn va. E. V.
Sullivan's Flying Buck; S. E. Portal's Laurel
wood vs. 12. V. Sullivan's Black Lock; A. &
11 Kennel's Governor Markham vs. John
Perrigo'fi Chile Popper: A. Johnsnn'B Tod
Sloan vs. Curtis & Sons' Highland Ball.
MERRIT MAY NOW BE
GOVERNOR OF MANILA
NEW YORK, July 27.— A Tribune
special from Washington says: Gen
eral Merritt has reached Manila, ac
cording to the most conservative calcu
lation of the War Department officials,
and it is believed that he has already
assumed the military governorship of
the Philippines, as directed by the
President. It Is the impression that
General August!, the Spanish Governor
General, has already found means of
conveying the assurance to Admiral
£>ewey of his readiness to surrender the
moment the American forces are pre
pared to receive the* city.
MISS HAINES
NOT MURDERED
The Autopsy Disclosed
No Trace of Poison.
SUSPICION NOW AT REST
THE WOMAN'S DEATH DUE TO
NATUBAL CAUSES.
Chnrges of Underhand Work Made
During Excitement Are Retract
ed and the Trouble Is
Over.
BERKELEY, July 27.— Mrs. D. Allison,
whoso name was seriously Implicated by
rumors regarding the poisoning of Miss
Mabel Haines, is now entirely free from
the grave charge Indirectly preferred
against her by the mother of the unfortu
nate girl. Mr. Allison as soon as he
found that Mrs. Haines harbored suspi
cions concerning his wife's action
Insisted upon a post-mortem examina
tion. This Coroner Baldwin granted and
ordered the autopsy to be held this morn
ing. As a result the accusations made
last night are proved to be totally un
founded.
Drs. Payne, Rowell and Gladding, who
conducted the examination at 10:30 o'clock
this morning, were at first disposed to in
cline toward the theory that carbolic acid
had been taken, as the color and condi
tion of the dead girl's lips seemed to show
unmistakable evidence of the use of the
acid. But a thorough investigation failed
to disclose any traces whatever of car
bolic acid or any other poison. This con
clusion was reached by the physicians
shortly before noon, and was submitted
to the Coroner's Inquest, held this even
ing.
The apparent mystery surrounding Miss
Haines' sudden death, and the fact that
it was at first associated with the murder
of Edgar Halsey by Stacey Rodgers some
months ago, is accordingly all cleared up.
The Halsey affair did not occur at the
house in which Miss Haines died but at
her brother's residence, some blocks
away. The shooting in that case was
over the domestic employed at the house,
and did not concern any memoer of the
Haines family.
Dr. Allen's ground for signing the cer
tificate of the death of Miss Halnea was
confirmed by the doctors who conducted
the post mortem examination this morn
ing. They reported that death was due
to natural causes. Miss Haines is known
to have been subject to attacks of vio
lent vomiting, and it was during one of
these that a blood vessel in the brain
was ruptured, causing apoplexy, which
brought about the Quick and fatal re
sult.
It is understood that Mrs. Haines has
withdrawn the charges which first started
the suspicion that poison had been use 3.
Overcome with grief at arriving home to
find her daughter unconscious, and be
yond recovery, and noticing the smell
of carbolic acid In the room, the frantic
mother uttered remarks which brought
about the strained relations between her
and Mrs. Allison. Upon the decision of
the physicians conducting the autopsy,
that no" traces of the acid could be. found,
all ground for any accusation was taken
away, and the charges, made in the grief
and despair of the moment, were re
tracted.
The funeral of the deceased took place
this afternoon from the family residence
at the corner of Russell and Lorlna
streets. The Coroner's inquest held this
evening resulted in the verdict that death
was due to cerebral hemorrhage, caused
by an abscess on the brain.
CONFLICTING STORIES
COME FROM HONGKONG
One State-, That the Revolt Has Been
Suppressed, Another That It Is
Spreading.
LONDON, July 2S.— The Hongkong cor
respondent of the Dally Mail Fays the
Viceroy of Canton has announced to the
Tsung LI Yamon the complete suppres
sion of the reb<-..ion In those districts.
He has announced also that four cities
have £>ten reoccupied by the Imperial
troops.
LONDON, July 28.— The Hongkong cor
respondent of the Times says: LI Yap
Van, the leader of the rebellion In the
province of Kwang SI, has proclaimed a
now dynasty, styled "Vast Progress."
i- Io T1 rrar ,i l(Tr , j,t| or , s tates that because a
treat and pure dynasty is weak, because
w.t- nv.'w.uanns are oppressive, and be
cause foreigners are taking Chinese ter
ritory, he has rebelled, and that heaven
has signified its approval by causing sev
eral cities to fall into his hands. Accord
ing to a celegram from "Wuchau the
city of Wun Gun has Deen captured and
a thousand rebels have been slain. The
rebellion in Kwang Si province Is almost
quelled.
CLAIMS THE IRENE WAS
ON A HUMANE MISSION
Prince Henry's Version of That Un
pleasant Incident at Subig
Bay.
BERLIN, July 27.— A dispatch from
Shanghai to-day says an official state
ment from Prince Henry of Prussia in re
gard to the Irene incident at Subig Bay,
Philippine Islands, has been published in
the Ost Asiatische Lloyd. It says the
Irene went to Subig Bay to take oft some
Spanish women and children who were in
distress. At Isla Grande the German
warship happened to meet a steamer be
longing to the insurgents, which left
without difficulty arising. On returning
the Irene met outside Manila Bay two
United States ships which did not speak
her. In conclusion the statement sets
forth that the removal of women and
children was "effected from motives of
humanity and with strict observance of
the rules of neutrality."
OBSEQUIES OF GALLANT
LIEUTENANT CAPRON
Body Escorted to Arlington Cemetery
by a Company of the Fifteenth
Pennsylvania.
WASHINGTON. July 27.— Funeral serv
ices over the remains of Lieutenant AHyn
Capron, one of the gallant heroes of
Roosevelt's Rough Riders, who fell before
Slboney July 1. were held here to-day, the
body having been brought north on the
Government transport Hudson. Services
were held in St. Paul's Episcopal Church.
The coffin was hid in a profusion of floral
offerings. The Rev. Dr. Harding opened
the services, and a choir of young ladies
sang "Nearer, My God, to Thee," and
"Lead, Kindly Light." The body was
then taken to Arlington, escorted by 100
men of the Fifteenth Pennsylvania Reg
iment, where i\ was Interred. Lieutenant
Capron's mother and widow were present,
but his father is with his battery of ar
tillery in Cuba.
Summer School of Methods.
PACIFIC GROVE, July 27.— The Sum
mer School of Methods of the California
Woman's Christian Temperance Union
opened one of its most important depart
ments to-day— that for the promotion of
purity. The sneakers were Mrs. Mary E.
Leats, Mrs. D. S. Dixon, Mrs. Emily
Hoppln. Mrs. R H. Barber, Mrs. B. C.
Winston and Miss Robertson. In the af
ternoon the general topic was "The
World's Woman's Christian Temperance
Union," discussed by Miss Murcett of
Sydney, Australia; Miss Ackerman, the
around-the-world white ribbon mission
ary; and Mrs. Harriett Skelton. In the
evening Mlsa Murcett gave an Illustrated
lecture on "The Australian Gold Fields."
BOLTERS TO
BOLT AGAIN
Meeting of the Populist
County Committee.
FIGHT FOR CHAIRMANSHIP
GREGORY'S ELECTION WILL
CAUSE SEPARATION.
Ex-Assemblyman Bretz Gives a Brief
Prophecy on the Meeting to
Be Held To-Morrow
Night.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. July 27.
The new Populist County Central Com
mittee will meet In Judge Cliffs court
room to-morrow evening for the pur
poses of permanently organizing and
transacting auch other business as may
be brought up for consideration.
There promises to be a warm time over
the chairmanship. D. T. Fowler is tem
porary chairman and at the time he was
selected he was in favor of coalition; he
said that it would be suicidal to put up
an independent ticket, and made compli
mentary references to Judge Maguire. He
also participated in the famous caucus at
Sacramento. Since his nomination by the
bolters for Shanahan's running mate, he.
has taken a natural turn of mind, and
the out-and-out Maguire "Pops" are anx
ious to see F. J. Gregory elected per
manent chairman.
Gregory has no hesitancy in declaring
that he would be justified, under the cir
cumstances, in accepting the chairman
ship.
"My election would be a vindication of
my position," said Mr. Gregory to a Call
reporter to-day, "and a fitting rebuke to
such men as Bretz, who are not in har
mony with the best interests of the party.
Most assuredly, I look for a harmonious
meeting. The bolters cannot get control
of the committee, and, of course, thev_
cannot consistently remain in our camp.
The bolters will make every effort to
capture the chairmanship for J. C. Estey.
''If we have the majority Estey will be
our man," said ex-Assemblyman Bretz,
"but if the Buckley push and 'Mollie
Magulres" hold the majority, Gregory will
get it. We will leave and meet in my
office in the old Moffitt block, where we
will permanently organize as the only
Populist County Committee. The fusion
lsts stole our convention at Sacramento.
Two State Supreme Courts have decided
that a fusion ticket is not partisan and
must go on by petition and partake of a
new name.
"The meeting to-morrow night will
probably result In a separation," con
cluded Mr. Bretz. "All that the forces
can do will be to get divorced."
The county committee, by Assembly
districts, consisting of thirty-seven mem
bers, is as follows, and it will take nine
teen to elect officers:
Forty-sixth Assembly District —G.
Toyne, G. W. Krafts. N. P. Nelson, M.
R. Lyle. L. J. Van Horn; Forty-seventh—
G. R. Read, N. J. Manson, John Aubrey
Jones. J. E. Taylor. R. B. Myers; Forty
eighth—F. J. Gregory, A. M. Stoddard.
P. B. Preble. Charles White (deceased),
I. D. Shepherd; Forty-ninth— Robert
Stewart, F. T. Hale, W. R. Batten, Dr.
J. U. Oberg. John Gelder; Fiftieth— Dr.
R. Hess. A. Houesch. B. C. Allyn, J. M.
Grimmins, S. Nichols; Fifty-flrst— J. C.
Estey, M. L,. Gray. J. L. Pallnßlmum. J.
M. Doyle, A. C. Kreuger; cnmmittee-at
larre—D. T. Fowler, J. M. Moore. Green
Majors. O. M. Sanford. W. M. Cubery,
Charles Husband, Daniel Stewart.
MYSTERIOUS YOUNG
HURT IS LOCATED
HE SHOWS HIS FATHER TO BE
A FALSIFIER.
He Is a Soldier in a Nebraska Regi
ment and May Go to Porto
Rico.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. July 27.
Mrs. Alfonso Schaefer received a letter
from her long-absent son, Fred Hurt, to
day, that relieved her mind of a mother's
solicitude and at the same time gives
proof that J. J. Hurt, her divorced hus
band, did not tell the truth when he an
nounced in open court that he had re
ceived a telegram from the young man
stating that he was In the battles of Juno
23 and 24 before Santiago.
It was during the hearing of the peti
tion of Hurt for the removal of the three
minor children from their mother's cus
tody that Hurt exclaimed dramatically
in court: "Your son has enlisted in the
army, and I received a telegram Just be
fore I left home from him. in which he
eaid that he had taken part in the assault
before Santiago and escaped injury."
This Mr*. Schaefer declared was done
to annoy and worry her, and it accomr
plished its purpose until this morning,
when she received a letter from her ab
sent son. He is in Camp Thomas, Chick
amauga, Ga., and has not been to Cuba.
He enlisted in Company H, Second Regi
ment, Nebraska Volunteer Infantry, at
Chadron, Nebr., on May C, and on the 19th
left there for Camp Thomas, where they
have been ever since.
Young Hurt did not know where his
mother was located, so wrote a letter and
inclosed it in another to his aunt in Ore
gon, to have forwarded, and asked her to
write him. He declared his desire to
reach Cuba instead of coming home.
REASON FLED WHEN
HER HUSBAND LEFT
PITIABLE CONDITION OF A 20-
YEAR-OLD BRIDE.
Thrown Upon the Sands of Strangers
After Having Been Abandoned
by Her Legal Protector.
OAKLAND, July 27.— Mrs. Jessie
Bronko. a bride of four months and only
20 years of age, is confined in the Receiv
ing Hospital to-night, with her reason
dethroned. She and her husband came
here only three months ago from Fall
River, Mass., expecting to find work, but
fate seemed against them. Recently her
husband deserted her, leaving her penni
less. She threatens suicide and murder in
her insane fancies.
Mrs. Bronko has a pitiable history. Born
in Portugal, she came to this country
when a mere child, and was married at
14 Her first husband died, leaving her
with an infant to support. The child is
now with relatives in the East.
No doubt the mother's mourning over
the forced separation, added to her other
troubles, hastened her mental collapse.
Mr and Mrs. Bronko have been living at
716 Filbert street of late. He was re
ported to the police to-night as having
been seen on the street, threatening to
commit suicide, but nothing tangible can
be found to-night of his whereabouts.
MR. LUDLOW NOT OUT.
OAKLAND, July 27.— The Enquirer
printed the following to-night:
"To-day Division Superintendent James
A Philippine Heroine.
One of the Philippine insurgent leaders la a
beautiful woman whose life seems to be
charmed. She has often rushed bravely Into
the very teeth of death from guns and cannon,
but has never been wounded. Frequently we
HPO people in this country who live so long that
their lives seem charmed also, hut the only
charm about It Is that they keep up their
strength aud vitalize their blood with that cele
brated remedy, lies tetter's Stomach Bitters.
Agler posted a notice In hte offices at the
>> est Oakland yards announcing briefly
that on the first of the monta E. A. Gil
bert would be master car repairer of the
western division and foreman of the Oak
land carahops."
The notice In question announces thnt
Mr. Gilbert has been appointed an assist
ant to Mr. Ludlow, and that he Is the
master car Inspector Instead of repairer
of the division. The Enquirer then pro
ceeds to find a place for Mr —udlow. and
several others are changed In the shake
up. None of these changes are antici
pated, and Mr. Ludlow was greatly an
noyed to-nignt by a visit from numerous
friends, who offered their condolence. Mr.
Ludlow will remain in his DOBition, and
welcomes an assistant in the person of
Mr. Gilbert.
BOMBARDED BY TWO
AMERICAN WARSHIPS
Tunas de Saza Shelled and Spaniards
Beturn the Fire — Blanco Gives
a Swell Banquet.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Cupyrightod. 189S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
HAVANA, July 27.— Two American
warships yesterday bombarded Tunas
de Saza. The Spanish artillery an
swered fire.
General Blanco to-night gave a ban
quet in honor of the foreign military
attaches and members of his general
staff. The commander of the French
warship d'Estalng, now in the harbor,
was invited to the banquet and so were
the foreign consuls. On account of ill
ness the French Consul was unable
to attend. General Blanco was assist
ed in receiving his guests by General
Arolas, Military Governor of Havana.
During the banquet the army band
played.
SPANISH TRANSPORTS
SAIL FOR SANTIAGO
Embarkation of Prisoners for Home
Is Expected to Begin in a
Few Days.
WASHINGTON, July 27 —It is ex
pected that the embarkation of the
Spanish prisoners will begin very soon.
The Alicante sailed yesterday from
Martinique and the hospital ship San
Augustine sailed to-day. The Isla
Luzon and the Isla Panaya sailed
from Cadiz to-day for Santiago. The
Leon XIII, the Salrustigen, the Cavo
donja and the Colon, all at Cadiz, are
expected to sail very soon. The capac
ity of these several ships is 14,830 men.
It will be observed that nope of these
ships were in Mexican ports, as had
been reported.
PERU WELCOMES THE
JAPANESE MINISTER
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LIMA, Peru, July 27.— President Plerola
received the Japanese Minister in public
this afternoon. There was an immense
crowd present. The Minister made a
speech in Spanish.
Death of a Notable Woman.
NEWTON, Mass.. July 27.— Mrs. Albert
Bowker, the originator of and for twenty
two years president of the Women's
Board of Missions, died at her home here
to-day.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BOSTON AND ALASKA
TRANSPORTATION CO.,
Owners, Will Dispatch the Following- Steam-
DAWSON CITY
And INTERMEDIATE YUKON RIVER
POINTS. Via
DUTCH HARBOR. NEW BOSTON AND ST.
:- " r MICHAEL:
STEEL TATTRADA
STEAMSHIP ijAUxv/il/ii,
SAILING ON OR ABOUT JULY 20.
SS&bhif SOUTH . PORTLAND,
SAILING ON OR ABOUT JULY 30.
Connecting at mouth of Yukon River with the
company's fleet of
EIGHT RIVER STEAMERS and BARGES.
Colonel McNaught, Governor Plngree. Philip B.
Low, A. E. Fay, B. B. Glasscock. Michigan.
. Washington and New York.
Boston and Alaska' Transportation Company
owns and operates its ocean steamships and
fleet of modern river steamers, which are now
In service on the Yukon River.
Special accommodations for ladles.
Electric lights, steam heat, best meals, best
berths, best time. . .
For freight and passenger rates apply
H. M. HAINE3.
Contracting Freight and Passenger Agent,
20 Montgomery St.. San Francisco, Cal.
A. E. CRONENWETT,
, General Traffic Manager, Seattle. Wash. '
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A^ < P^M^*^''' KEAB>YST Established
fiWfnHl in 1854 for the treatment of Private
MBJJV JW Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
MKgßJ££sE£taL disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Skin Dl»eaaeB.ThedoctorcureB\vheri
j2KB3S3HE2"t sfall- Try him. Charges low.
!!^tiwiH9 l'ui-t»Bgunrnnt«>«><l. Callorwrlte.
Dr. J. I. toiIBJBOX. Box 1957, San Francisco.
RAILROAD TEAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cars
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Time i r
Leave San Francisco. p. m., S.M.T.W.T.F.S.
Arrive Denver ...... .5:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T. W.
Arrive St. Louis..... 6:15 p. m., T.F.S.B.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago ..... .9:00 p. m. T. F. S. 3. M. T. W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason*
- able Rates.
YOU WILL- rVR COMPQttTABLB
IV You Travel on the Santa Pc,
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE — MARKET ST,
' TELEPHONE MAIN 153 L
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway. 4
Sacramento Office— 23l J Street.
San Jose Office— West Santa Clara Si.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
■ From Jlne 1, Was, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. •• ; I North-bound.
Pasßen- I Mixed, Mixed, | Passen-
ger, I Sunday 6ta- Sunday i ger,
Dally.. Exc'pted tions. Exc'pted Daily.
I 7:20 am 9:00 aml Stockton [ 3:45 p m 5:40 p m
: 1:10 am 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 p m 3:53 pm
10:40 am 3:60 pm Fresno : 9:30 am 2:20 pm
• ' 11:35 am 6:45 pm Hanford, 7:45 am 125pm
, 2:45 p m 11:50 p m Bk'rsfld 2:30 a m 10:1. a m
12:05 p m 7:50 pm; | Vlsalia 6:40 a m 12:5,5 p m
4 Stopping at Intermediate points as required. I
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 0
p. m. dally, excepting Sunday from San Fran-
cisco: 'at = Merced with stages to and from
Snellings, Cnultervllle, Yosemlte,. etc.; also
' with » stage from Hornltos, Marlposa. etc.; at
Lankershtm with stage to and from Madera. ;
MOUNT TAMALPAIS VsCQIIG RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalitw Ferry.)
■ Leave San - Francisco, commencing May I,
1898: ■' '' ■■-;■ '.■.'■ .--. .-•- ■. . - •.:;  ■. : . .■ ; ■ ..j
. WeeK Days— 9:Bo a. m.. 1:45 and 6:15 p. m. '
, Sundays— B:o", »:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:45 and
1:80 p. m. . . ■ . • ■]
... Round trip from Mill Valley, $1. v • .j
, THOS. COOK ft . SON, Agent*. 611 Mark*! !
i street, San Francisco. y : ;, . |
AUCTION SALES.
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY.
Furniture and Merchandise of All Kinds Bought
for Cash— Money Advanced on Commission
Sales.
AUCTION SALE
——OF— .
THE BALDWIN CANDY STORE,
TO-MORROW.
FRIDAY The 2Pth day of July, 1898.
At 11 O'clock A. M., at
952 MARKET ST.. Under the Baldwin Hotel.
We will, by order of Mr. SIMON BLUM,
on account of his partner's death, sell . either
as a whole or by piecemeal,
THE MAGNIFICENT FIXTURES AND
STOCK,
Which Has Cost Over $10,000.
Contents: ONE SODA FOUNTAIN, costing
$5500, the most magnificent on the coast; French
Plate Mirrors. Showcases, 2 Cash Registers,
Silver Plated Urns, Plated "Ware. Refrigerator,
•Chandeliers. Safe, Tables, Leather Seat
Chairs, Linoleum, Candles. Fancy Boxes,
Clock, Counters, Sidecaaes and articles too nu-
merous to 'mention.
INDIANA AUCTION CO.,
H. J. LEUTHOLTZ. Auctioneer.
Office: 19 Montgomery st.
GROCERIES AND WINES.
THIS DAY (THURSDAY) AT 11 A. M.
1501 POWELL .STREET, CORNER VALLEJO.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, 602 Market st.
BAZL&OAD TRAVEL.
!)ouiiii:kn l>AC'iriC company.
(PACIFIC BYSTBM.)
Trnlna lrnv« ami lire due «« niil»f,»l
MAN IKtMIMO
I (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
csavr — From July 10, 1898. — ' akriti
•0:OOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... »8:4»a
7:OOa Benicla, Suisuu and Sacramento 10:43 a
7:OOa Marysvillc, OroTille and Redding via
Woodland 5:43p
7:00 a Elmira, Vacarille and Rumsej- Si43p
7:3<»a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Naps,
CalUtoga and Santa Rosa 6:13p
8:00 a Atlantic Kxpreaa, Ogileu and Kait.. Bi43p
MMi .San Jose, .Stockton, Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, Alary«vllle,
Chtco, Tohaina and Red U1u1T.... 4:ISp
S:3Oa Peters. Oakdale »nd Jamestown.... 7:15p
•8:30 a Milton... TilSp
Bmm»a New Orleans K»pre«s. Merced. Fres- " .
no, BakenfloM, Santa lUrliara.
7 .0s AiiKrleii, Demiiiß, El l'aso.
New Orleans and Kast oi4Sp
IO:OOa Villejo, Martinet and Way Stations 7:45?
"1.-OOp Sacramento Hirer Steittiittrs *0:OOp
San Jose, iNilus and War Stations... J»:l3a
2:00p Lirermore, Mendota, Uanford and
VUalla. 4:13*
Lirermore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations {IO:15a
4tOOp Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Nhi>i, t/'allHtoga, Xl Verano and
Siintaltosa »iI»A
4:0 Or Benioia, Vaoa»ilie, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marys»ille, Oro-
Tille and Sacramento 10:49 a
4:30p Nilea. San Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7:1 5 c
4:30p Stockton and Lodi 12:13*
4:30p Latlirop, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
Mojave, Santa Barbara and Los
Angles 7i4» A
4:30p Martinez, Merced (Raymond for
Yosemite) and Fresno 12:13p
4i»op Santa IV Jinute. Atlantic Kxpress
for Mojare and Kast 6:45p
6iOOp Kuropeau Mail, Ogdeii and Kast.... »:43a
•0:00 i Vall.-J.i 12:13p
«:O»r IhiTHixnln. Nll<e and San Jose 7:43 a
:7:O0p Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions tO:4sp
SiOOp Oregon Kxpreu, Sacramento, Marys-
vlllf, Tlcd.liiig, Portland, I'ngel
Sound and K».<t BH5a
SAN LKAHUBU AM) IUVWAIMK LOCAL.
{Foot of Market Street.)
1 Melr<is«-, Seminary Park, ( 7:13 a
8:OOa Fltrhlinric, Klmlinrst, *!J! : 1-2 A
xt «a San ,lr«. South San J*!"!^
Au&A I*»n.lro, IMU.IIIIO, Ji;''^ ?
ti2:oo<M ' liOren»o, Cherry . • il:43p
i!i:oop and }2:1.1p
3:oop Ilaynards. Is:4.*>p
7:00p i Runs through to Nile*. 7:43p
) t I'rom Nilea. \
COAST DIVISION (.Narrow (»aui(c).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17:45 a Santa Cruz Kxcursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations tStOSp
8: 15 a Newark, CeuterYille.San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 8«30p
*2tl3p Newark. Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations # I©:soa
4:15p San Jose. Glen wood & Way Stations 9:20\
ol:l">p Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz , j»:2<>A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SAB mxCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 ]1:00 a.m. 11:03 •2:03 {3:00
•4:00 15:00 *6:00p.U.
from OilLlNO— Foot «rßreti«ijr.—*6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
112:80 •1:00 12:00 *3:00 14:00 # 5:00r.*.
~" COAST IM VISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Tovrnsend St».) , ■
•7:UOa Nan Jose and Wsy Stations (Mew
Alinaden Wednesdays only) 1:30?
17:30 a Sunday Excursion for Baa Jose.
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations lS:B5r
■:00a Man .line, Tres rinos, Himta Cruz, ■
Pacilic Grove. Paso ItuUes, .San
liiiis Obispn. Gnadalups, Surf and
riincijial Way Statlmis 4slor
lO:4Aa Ran .lone ami Way 5tati0n5......... # 8:«Oa
ll::t(»A San Jose anil Way Stations *8:35 a
*2:45p San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
>'.-<: Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han .luxe,
Gllroy, Uolllster, Santa Crux,
Salinas, Monterey and Fad Co
firove •10:36 A
■H-.aop San .)<>ee and Way .Stations.. *O:OOa
M;iar San Jose and Principal Way Stations »:43a
. *5:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
.I:3<H- Sail Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:.1«p
6:!(Oi> San Jose ami Way Stations ?:SOp
tll:43i' San Jose ami Way Stations.... 7:»Or
i A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays e*c«|>teii. 1 Sundays only, t Saturdays only
I Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Snndayi.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY,
fttaroo Ferry* Foot 1 Mark** St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEU ,
WEEK DATS — T:UO. 11:00 a. m. . U'-U,
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:U
and 11:30 p. m. . „
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 8:30. U:00 a. m.: 1:30. IM»
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:«,
8:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m. . .
SUNDAYS— 8:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. J:O.
. 6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetaea Park
same schedule as above. _.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect Sac Franciso*.
• -^1 June 29. — -
1 Week I Sun- 1898. Bun- I Week
Day 8. 1 days. Destination, days. [ Dyi-
7:3uami 3:00 am Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
»:S0 pro 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 ana
6:10 pro, 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pen
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 an
: Healdsburg.
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
»:80pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. I 7:35 pm| 6:« pm
7:30 am :~": ~" Bopiand " and :10:^5 am
8:30 pm! 8:00 am( Uklah. 7:35 pm! 6:22 pm
7:31) am! : ~~ I ' 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm| _ 6:22jpn»
7:ao am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am S:4O am
and
6:10 pmf 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 8100 ami Sebastopol. 110:40 am 110:25 am
B:3U pm 5:00 pm| | 7:35 pm| 6^2 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs ; at Lytton for Lytton Spring's; at Gey-
«er\ille for Skaggs/Sp'tngs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at HopUnd for Duncan {springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Sprint:*; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake. Porno, Potter Valley. John Day's, River-
side, Llerley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights.
Hullvllle, Booneville, Orr"s Hot Springs, Men-
docino City, - Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal. •
■ : Saturday to Monday round-trip . tickets at
reduced rates.
- On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyend San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. fiso Market St., Chronic!" bids.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. . RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FBANI IBCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, '8:00, »9:30, 11:00 a. m. ;
•1:45. 3:20, 4:00, *:15. '6:00,. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS — For San Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays. Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
d. m.
SUNDAYS— *8:00. »9:00, »10:00, 11:00, 11:30
a. m , 1:00, •1:45, »2:30. *4:00. 5:50, 6:45 p. m.
11-OOa. m. does not run to San Rafael Sunday:.
5:30 p. m does not run to Mill Valley Sundays.
■ Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
• WEEK DAYS— S:2S, *6:30, ■-. 7:55, 5:25, *8:50
a m.: '12:20, 2:10, '3:40, 4:35. 5:15 p. m. •
. EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, .Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
, SUNDAYS— 7:OO, •8:00, "9:45. •10:43. »U:43
a. m.; 1:00. 2:20, *3:30, •5:15, .*6:00, 1:00 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45, 7:55. 8:43, 10:10
a. m. ; 12:40, 2:25. 3:56, *:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, - Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 10:00, 11:10 a. m.: 12:05. 1:20,
2:40, 3:55, 6:30, 6:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. . :
7:00 a. m. week "days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p.- m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way. sta'ns.
5:15 p. m. week' days (Saturday excepted) —
• males and way stations.
8:00 a. m . Sundays— Cazadero and . way ■ sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'na.
1112
THE TIME FOR
IMPROVEMENT
Last Sunday's Game
and Its Mistakes.
LACK OF TEAM WORK EVIDENT
THERE IS GREAT HARM IN
TAKING CHANCES.
Players Should Sacrifice When the
Situation Demands It, and Do
the Proper Thing at the
Right Time.
BY JOE CORBETT.
Tn reviewing last Sunday's contest be
tween the "Florists" of San Jose and the
Oaklands, I want to state that the game,
from a spectator's standpoint, was in
deffi a grand oik-, and from a strictly
basc-baJl view disclosed many Instances
of lack of tpa.m work In the field, but
principally at the bat; and also divulg.-d
the fact th-u some players are exceed
ingly careless In critical plays, through
no fault of theirs in one cuse, as I will
explain later, and also that they are
either Ignorant of the proper thing to do
at tn e proper time or care not, and, la-"t of
•Hi t! ■ I them are detleient In the
Indispensably necessary art of sacrificing
or bunting.
Baseball being such an uncertain game,
1 dare not conjecture what might nave
occurred bad some of the plays I will
touch upon been attempted, especially
tbose where a batsman's cunning and
Judgment should be a, wirent. And I am
■ igly of the opinion that had that
game been properly played at the bat it
never would have passed the ninth in
ning.
I cannot deny exultation that it did,
however, for the reason that mistakes
and misplays were brought to light that
might have rested intact all season, and
an opportunity of correcting them done
likewise.
Tho most palpable mistake of the whole
game was the play of "Truck" Esan,
which gave the Oaklands their first run!
and. as it afterward turned out, the
game, as they did not tcore again until
the eleventh inning, while the Florists
did in the eighth. This error of Trurk
should never have occurred, md this
pravates the situation extreme
ly, as does the realisation that the play
In question should never nave come up.
V. Jth v man at second and third and I
think, one on first, Kent threw to third
avorlng to catch that runner nap
p;ng. His attempt proved unsuccessful
b rt Md larthy took the ball and threw It to
second, when there was not the slightest
possibility- of catching the runner at that
base.
He should never have thrown the ball.
't It Is i ■ ' ■ to to6B the sphere
around with ir.m on bases at any time
especially so when a chance to catch one
of them hardly offers Itself. The ball
however, came aJmost directly into this
eccentric Egan's hands, who, instead of
jetting both of them out to intercept it
only used one and missed it. Before it
was recovered the man on third had
crossed the plate with Oakland's first
run. McCarthy In the fin place 6hould
never have tossed the ball in that direc
tion, for, as I said before, there was no
-t unity to consummate a play.
Egan's mistake, however, was no fault
Of McCarthy's. It was horribly stupid
of him not to have put two hands to the
hall, and every player in the league
should profit by tne mistake. Don't for
gr'-odnesa' sake put one hand to a ball
when it Is possible to put two. I spoke
about this some time ago. and now that
it is obvious what serious results some
times attend this overindulgence in fancy
piaying. reform from being guilty of such
a gross mistake and do not be insensible
to its effects.
In this same inning on the Oakland side
three or four more mistakes occurred, all
of which wt-rc a direct deviation from the
elmp!i>st of baseball rules, and one in par
ticular, had it been attempted, end there
can be no excuee as to why It should not,
vr.ight have given a different aspect to
the entire game.
With a man on first and sf-cond and no
one out Bliss came to bat and. instead of
sacrificing, so as to enable those runners
to rf-ach third and second, respectively,
he trl<Hl to knock the cover off tho sphere,
end in consequence accomplished noth
ing except that he put himself out on a
fly to left field.
When it is palpably obvious that a team
is not hitting a pitcher often and safe
and that runs are very scarce there Is
no better game than the bunting and sac
rificing: game. And when there 1b a run
ner on first and one on second with no
one out It is always a good play to ad
rance the runners, no matter what tr.r>
pcore or situation.
In the case of Bliss there was but one
play for him to make on that occasion,
nr,<l it was to advance the runners. The
. the situation, everything called for
Kuch a play, yet he took that chance too
often Indulged In by the safest players,
and obtained the almost inevitable" re
sult
Had ho been fortunate enough to have
made a sinKic in such an exigency, while |
the play would be laudable, it would not j
be baseball, for under the circumstances
there was only one piny to mako, and it !
■was to bunt or sacrifice. Had he done
thie the chances of the game being won |
to that inning wore excellent. With men i
on second and third and but one out the i
Fltuatlon would necessitate the opposing
lnfleld playing in, and at Bucb a tlrre the j
chances for a base hit arc never better.
The next man up did not ninsrle. but
with that infield playing in he might have. ;
as hie chances for so doing were 50 per
cent better. Your rendition of the play
was not proper. Bliss, and as you were
told to bunt by nearly every player in
the team, you should have done so, and,
In fact, your own Judgment should have
prompted you as to what was the proper
thing.
Players si ould know when and when
not to sacrifice, and when they neglect
to do so in a situation that remands it, j
the welfare of the team, as a team, is '
not taken into consideration, and It I
Hhould be at all times.
The Baltimore team was successful be- I
cause every one of thorn, pitchers In- j
eluded, knew whnt to do in every emer- i
gency, ;ind worked only for the success I
of the club, collectively, Individual rec
ords going for naught. And to give an
Illustration <>f how devoted those boys
were to the Buccess of the team, as a
team. I saw Keeler deliberately sacrlllce
lust year when Clnrk of the. Louisvllles i
was but a few points behind him in the !
race for champion batter. He realized j
•what an honor it was to lead the league i
In batting, yet. with him. it would have I
been an empty honor had he not played
for the team's success, and sacrificed j
when the situation called for it.
Players should, therefore, think of the
team's success, and when an occasion de- i
manda a bunt or sacrifice, don't bo ufraid
to do so. Of source, to hit the bail feels
better, but the. proper play at the proper
time does more certain execution.
I cannot refrain from adverting to
another episode which occurred whiii '
Bliss was at the plate. Every one of the I
Oakland's team, particularly O'NeU wa« !
gesticulating in a manner -wild and ter- i
rlble, with the intention, no doubt of I
conveying to him the idea that he muot
bunt.
That is poor team work on th« bench.
If you have anything, to say to a batter,
tell It to him before lie goes to the plate..'
If you want him to bunt, don't ten the
audience, the opposing team and the
Btatue on the City Hall about It. Kuch
open methods will defeat the effects of
any good play, as it enables the rival
team to offset the play, which can easily
be accomplished by a changing of posi
tion.
Be discreet at all times. Don't lot an i
opponent know what your intentions are. j
Keep him guessing as much as possible I <
the Fame as a pitcher does a batsman.'
Just imagine what a slaughtering pitch- :
ors would receive If they told batters the I
kind of a ball to expect. The same holds
good if batters make known their inten
tions. O'Netl told Bliss to bunt. I saw
him do bo, and so did the entire San I
Jose team. McCarthy, at third, came in
eloee and the whole infield was prepared
to take care of that bunt. Bliss fooled
them by hitting the ball, which would
have been a good move had not the situa
tion demanded a bunt or sacrifice. There
should be more team work on the bench.
It la not my intention to give the im
pression that Biles was playing for him
self and not the team. This would be do
ing him a great injustice. He, like a
great many players, thought the chances
for a hit excellent, and aico paid some
attention to the fact that if successful his
team would profit by the play. He made
a mistake, and even if he had made ft
safe hit I should criticise the play, for it
was not baseball.
I would rather see a team lose In en
deavoring to p.ay the (fame as it should
be played than see one win through tac
tics not baseball.
Another Instance which bespoke lack of
team work on the part of the Oaklands
was the manner Sullivan and Bliss went
after a foul fly in the vicinity of first
base. Either one of them could have
caught the ball, yet because there was a
lacking of team work it was permitted
to go safe.
When a ball is hit in the air the player
nearest it or who Intends taking it should
ejaculate in a loud and ringing manner.
"I have It," or In the parlance of the de
mand, "I got It." His cohorts should an
swer in an equally vociferous manner.
"Take It." In this way players will not
collide, and halls that should be caught
will not fall to the ground within a few
feet of players untouched, as occurred in
the case of Sullivan and Bliss.
Another instance of this sort occurred
between O'Neil and Donovan. They both
went after a fly ball and collided, but
fortunately Donovan had presence of
mind enough to hold the ball. There can
be no reason why these collisions should
creep into a game. And they are occa
sionally attended with very serious re
sults, as only a week ago a player back
East, in one of the minor leagues, col
lided with another aim shortly afterward
died from the injuries received. This
should be ai: awe-Inspiring lesson to all
players and convince them that team
work is necessary' If for n0 other reason
than the preservation of life.
I mentioned in the beginning of my ar
ticle that players are exceedingly careless
in critical plays, through. In some cases,
no fault of theirs. I spoke of Epan's in
excusable infringement, and I shall not
touch on another play, which. I am
nfraM, will not be recollected, for the
reason that it seemed and was a perfect
play.
However, I am speaking now of tho
carelessness of players who do not real
ize that they are so. The play In ques
tion occurred toward the latter part of
the gi'.nic. Hi ley singled to left field,
Mnsklman fielded the ball perfectly,
threw to second and there the play ter
minated. The way Mosklman stopped
the ball caused a chill to pass over ray
entire frame. Instead of getting in front
of it so as to be in position to block Its
course should it escape his hands, as
grounders generally do In the outfield, he
turned his head and body aside, rind cap
tured the ball without a semblance of a
doubt. It was an awful chance to take.
Had the sphere changed its course an
inch or mo?e it would, in all probability,
have evaded him and continued to the
fence, as it was a sharp hit.
In such a close game no kind of a
i chance Bhould be taken. Moskiman
! Bhould not have taken It. but should hava
j thought only of stoppi: ;the ball— it made
! no difference whether he picked up cl*an
nr not — as there wus plenty of time to re
i cover and hold Hanley at first. I men
, tlon thi* incident only to impress upon
i players the necessity of being careful in
critical situ.itons.
Bran's negligence I have described, and
it should be a lesson to players who do
! not realize tho importance of being sure.
1 Mosklman completed his play, as he sup
i posed, in the usual proper manner, and
: is. therefore, nut :it fault. There is, how
ever, room for Improvement, and it is
never too late to take advantage of the
: fact.
WANDERERS WIN
FROM THE PiRATES
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pot. | Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..6S 20 .666!Fittsburg ....44 42 .512 1
Boston 54 30 .643 Philadelphia 89 42 .481
Cleveland ...52 32 .619! Brooklyn ....33 48 .407
Baltimore ...49 32 .605 Washington 31 53 .36? i
Chicago 47 40 .641 Louisville ...31 56 .356
New Y0rk... 43 39 .524 Ft. Louis 24 64 .273 j
PTTTSBURG. July 27.— The Wanderers
1 hit Klllen as they pleased, but Toung was
' a puzzle for the locals. Errors cut no
, figure in the score, but tnelr spiendl.i
| support of Kitten held the tallies dov.n to
i the lowest poHSii. le notch. Attendance
| SCO. Score:
! Clubs— R. H. E.
i Pltr.-burp 16 6
Cleveland 6 16 1
Batteries — Killen and Bowerman: Young and
: Crlger. Umpires— Gaffney and Brown.
PHILADELPHIA. July 27.—Philadel
phia und Washington played two games
here to-day, the Phillies winning both by
timely hitting. The second game was
called in the seventh inning on account
of darkness. Attendance 5089. Score,
first game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 19 3
Philadelphia ...4 7 1
Batteries— "VWyhlng and Farreil; Orth and
McFarland. Umpires — Snyder and Connolly.
Score, second game:
Club?— R, H. E.
Washington 1 10' 2
Philadelphia 6 6 i
Batteries — Donovan and Farrell; Donahue and
Murphy. Umpires— Snyder and Connolly.
LOUISVILLE, July 27.— Stenzel's home
run In the ninth inning saved th»» Drowns
from a shut out. Harlev, while at the
bat in the fourth, had a finger split by a
pitched ball. Attendance SOO. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville H is 3
6t. Louis 12 3
Batteries— Dowllng and KlttrMge; Sudhoff,
Carsey and Sudden. Umpires— Ernslle and Hunt!
Old Sol Beams on Fresno.
FRESNO, July 27.— This was the warm
est day of the season, and equaled the
highest temperature since the establish
ment of the Weather Bureau station in
this city. The maximum temperature as
announced by the Weather Bureau was
114 degrees. It was 112 yesterday. The
high temperature was rendered niore op
pressive by a hot wind.
Disastrous Lamp Explosion.
BAN MIGUEL, July 27.— Through the
explosion of a lamp last night the resi
dence occupied by G. B. Clemens and
family, two miles from Shandon, was de
stroyed.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs Howard, St Louis L. Pratt, Conn
Mlbb Howard, S Louis Mrs L Pratt. Conn
Miss Wells, St Louis A Roberts, Montreal
Miss E Howard. SLouis- W Scott, Fort Worth
J F Weeks, Ohio Mr« W Scott, FtWrth
Mrs J F Weeks, Ohio Miss Pollak. S Diego
\V O Little, Minn D Melone, Oak Knoll
Mrs W O Little. Minn L F Brown, Chicago
J W Banders, St Louis E B Holmes. Chicago
Mrs Sanders, St Louis OB Depue, Chicago
Pi of Vighte. Mich A H Studd, London
C A Plain. England A Hamilton. N V
J W Mitchell, L Ang Miss Hamilton & s.NY
G H Lloyd. Chicago Miss A H Lee, N V
H Sliver, Lob Angeles Miss E L Lee. N V
1 W Hughes. 8 Diego J O Blalne, N V
E M Cope, Redlands C E Locke, Chicago
A M Perry, USA
GRAND HOTEL.
G A Hoffman, Sacto E Brunner, Sacto
B Ransoloff. Pa J Earle & w, Whitmn
Miss Ronsoloff. Pa \V B Adalr. Cal
L A Waldo, NY S P Johnson & w, Mo
R Smith, Pa « T Ingalls, >{apa
J H Roberts, Bacto L Eckardt, Bacto
O A Mclntosh, Chlco F Pico, 8 Luis Oblspo
H H Meyer, Hldsbg M A Roue & w. Cal
H B Benjamin. Stktn W X Fleming, Cal
M Rogers & w, Cal BF X Preston, Cat
(} F Everhard, Cal L DUroy, Los Ang
\V W Naughton, Cal W R Newlon & w,
L D Jacks, Sa Rosa I Pacific Grove
Mrs B\V Brown, N I' 1 ] Straub, Kanmis City
Mrs Murray. NY I C II Kuhne, Kansas C
Minnie Henry, NY E It Sommei-fleld. Mo
O A Smith &w, Cftl W Robinson &w, Kng
r S Leonard & w, Cal 3 M Yew, Wellington
a A McElfresh, L An
•BALDWIN HOTEL.
J Stanton, Portland W Stanford Jr. N T
U Stanton, Portland O L Stanford, NY
J 8 Daly. Sacto G Schumann. Austria,
N T Davis.. Sacto • Miss A Hunter, Ohio
J R Myers, S Joss Miss M Hunter. Ohio
0 D Elliott, Stockton J C Lepold. Sacto
B Banning. Angels Ci E H Gale. Orovllle
R O Duwson, L An« Mrs Rich. L Ang
B F Colter. Salt Lake Mrs Martena, L An»
Q W Shradar, NY H Richards & w, Cal
Mrs Howland, Denver iE Wei Her, Baltimore
ME Harris, Oakland R T Wilson, 8 Bart)
1 E Boyer. USA AD Kennard, 8 Barb
R T Hazard USA ij 8 Stewart, , Newman
L^ef' I*,1 *,* 9 .^ Cruz ■ ■' i? C Cannon, Modesto
VV Stanford. N V Mies Wagner, Fresno
H Armstrong. Chlco I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Adams Mont ~ w Spleman, Baoto
W J Miller. NY C Codesch. Merced * 1
« A Sloan M 1 E Litton, key
A M Hartke, Spokane F M Shultz Mass i
M Macliado, S L Obsp C C Jackson, Sacto
', "I' 5 ', 1 Cal T , , Miss M V Heann, Cal
J Mulroy, Ingleslde Miss R Mather. 8 Rea
W Vandeyrope. gtktn a Stanley. England
J C Vandeyrope, Stktn W F James, Oregon
A J Bone, Cal A. L Brown. Cal
J E Mefford, Vallejo I wuw^ *-«"
THE SAN" FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 28, 1898.
LEO LAKE AT
TWENTY TO ONE
Jockey Jones Lands a
Long Shot.
BRIGHTON BEACH WINNERS
BEN EONALD BTTNS SECOND TO
SENSATIONAL.
Martha II Beats Dave Waldo at Har
lem and Bets Are Declared
Off Because of a Suspi
cious Bide.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 27.— Midget O'Connor car
ried off the riding honors to-day with two
wins and a third out of five mounts. Eddie
Jonos, the California rider, put a 20 to 1 shot
first over the plate in the initial race. The
track was sloppy, and this condition of affairs
Just suited Sensational, who is a king among
the mudlarks. Glorian, the good-looking brown
California-bred Sir Modred colt, ran third In
the handicap at a mile and a sixteenth.
First race, selling, one mile:
N'anie and Wt Jockeys. V*. H. %. Str. Fin.
Leo Lake. 105. ... E. Jones 112 f 1 IVs 1 2
•Maximo Gomez. 96.Maher 0 0 3 2 12a
Gun Metal. 99 O'Leary 0 0 0 3 3
Tinkler, afi O'Connor 2 11210 0
P. Chambray, 94. Thompson 3 0 0 0 0
P. Auckland. S9...Songer 0 3 0 0 0
Time, 1:44. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Tanis 111, Abingdon 108 and Black Dude 102
aleo ran.
Straight odds against first three— 2o to 1, 7
to I and 6 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, two-year-olds, fire furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. &, V Sir. Fin.
Ninety Cents. 96 O'Connor I^l^ll 11
•The Gardener, 102 Maher 2 3 0 2ns
Jean Ir.gelow, 9S Songer 3 2 2 3
Life Guard, 103 James 0 0 3 0
Time. 1:04. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Meddlesome 100, Mount Clements 100, Hop
Scotch 9S and Curio S5 also ran.
Straight odds against first three— to 1.
even money and 2S4i to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, three-year-olds, selling, five fur
longs :
Name and Weight. Jockeys. V 4. %■ Str. Fin
•Blissful, 121 Maher 11 11 13 15
Harry C, 123 DoKgelt 0 3 2 1?
Inspection, 121 James 2 1 2^3 3
Mrs. Trumbridge, 121. O'Connor 3 0 0 0
Time. l:03H. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Wauwego 126, Julius Caesar 186. Todan 12>
Sculptor 123, Orthos 123, Genaro 123. Pocket
Boole 123. Fairy Dale 121 and Ellerslle Bella 121
also ran.
Straight odds against first three— 2 to 1.
5 to 1 and 16 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, handicap, mile and a sixteenth:
Sensational, 99 2's to 1 (O'Connor) 1
Ben Ronald. 111. S to 1 (O'Leary) 2
Giorian, 112, VA to l (Doggett) 3
Time. 1:50*4. Won handily by half a length.
Second and third driving.
Our Johnny 111, •Komurasaki 103 and Je^er
eon M also ran.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, selling, two-year-olds, five fur
longs:
Nf.me and Weight. Jockeys. VS. %• Btr. Fin.
•Klrkwood. 112 Poggett 2 2 2 1
Tut Tut, 109 o'Leary 1 % 1 M 1 hi 3
Al Reeves, 107 O'Connor
Crown, 107 Dupe«
Tims, 1:03>4. Won driving. Hecond and
third driving.
Morning 109 also ran.
Straight odds ae-alnst first three— Even
■money, 2Vi to 1 and 12 to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, handicap, hurdle, one and a half
miles:
•Rheinstrom, 137. 1 to 2 (Cochran) 1
El CM. 136. 7 to 5 (Barry) 2
Time, 2:54V4- Won easily.
•Favorite.
EXCITEMENT AT HARLEM.
Caused by Declaring Off All Bets
Over a Suspicious Looking
Bide.
CHICAGO, July !7.— There was lots of ex
citement at the Harlem race track this after
noon outside of the racing. Jockey Van Dusen ;
was Indefinitely suspended for a suspicions ride
on Dave Waldo and the entry or the horse will
be refused hereafter. All bets on the race,
second on the programme, were declared oft
by Judge Clark, who did not like the looks of
the race.
First race, maiden two-year-olds, four and a
half furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. iA. %. Str. Fin.
•Ostra, 112 Hart 0 0 0 11
Nellie Font«o, 1C7....W. Martin 2 3h 2h 2 1
Oscar's Joy, 112 Conley 0 3 3 3
H'pkns" Choice, 112 A'an Dusen 11 1 n 1 h 0
Viola K. 107 Dloss 3 0 0 0
Time, :55. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Keen Winkle 107 and Flirtation 112 also ran.
Straight odds against first three— S to 5, 10
to I and 10 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, handicap, !>lx furlongs:
Nnme and Weight. Jockeys. W %. Str. Fin.
tMartha, «4 Relff 2 2 2 12
; Dave Waldo, 103.... Van Duscn 13 14 14 2 2
; Three Bars. 105 Thorpe 3 3 3 3
tAll betß declared off on account of suspi
' clous ride on Dave Waldo.
Time, 1:12^4. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
•Fervor 105, Storm Queen 85 and Apple Jack
1 88 also ran.
Straight odds against first three— 6 to 1, 8
j to 5 and 4 to 1.
! "Favorite.
Third race, selling, mile and a sixtf-enth:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. H- H- %.■ Fin.
Frlnr John, 97 Burns 0 3 1 12
Don Orslno, 97 Shepherd 0 0 3 22
The Tarcoon. 107 Thorpe 112 3
•Bine Blnger, 112 Caywood 2 2 0 0
Time, 1:4& J 4. Won easily. Second and third
1 driving.
Hosle 94. Topmast 109 and Cherry Leaf lli
: also ran.
Straight odds against first three— S to 1, 8
to 1 and 3 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth race. Junior stakes, two-year-olda.
six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. «■*.. %. Str. Fin.
Kentucky Colonel, 118. .Burns 12 12 12 12
•Jolly Roger. US Thorpe 24 22 212h
Kins Barleycorn, 118.. Turner 0 0 3 3
Cheval d'Or. 11l Shields 3 3 0 0
Time, 1:13*4. Won handily. Second and third
I driving.
F n rmero 113 and Billy House 118 also ran.
Straight odds against first three— 2 to 1
(coupled with King Barleycorn) and 8 to 5.
•Favorite.
Fifth race., maiden two-year-olds, four and a
I half furlongs:
Nome and Weight. Jockeys. H- %. Str. Fin.
' •Lucille Bramble. 112C»ywood 2 2 2 1
Elizabeth R. 112 Turner 8 3 3 2
The Crawfish, 112 Everett 1 1 I^3
Time, :55V». Won cleverly. Second and third
I driving.
Nora C 112. Darthe 112 and Vanita 112 also
ran.
Straight odds against first three— 4 to 5, 8
i to 1 and 4 to 1.
| 'Favorite.
Sixth race, purse, one mils:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. Vi. H. %. Btr. Fin.
Foncllff. 105..... Blohs 1 ft f % 1 M, 1 % 1 8
Cutter. 104 .Burns 0 3 3 3 2%
Pepper, 119 Van Dusen 0 0 0 0 3
•Ferroll, 104 Thorpe I 2 2 2 0
Jay Bird, 99.. ..W.. Martin 3 0 0 0 0
Time, 1:41. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Inconstancy 100, Robinson 104. The Tory 106,
Lalns 103. Va'.esco 114 and Osmon 117 also ran.
Straight odds against first throe— to 1. 3
to 1 and 8 to 1. * ...:
•Favorite.
OVER ST. LOUIS' GLUEY TRACK.
Favorites Fail to Win Even Once Out
of Six Different Attempts.
ST. LOUIS, July 27.— Not a single favorite
succeeded in showing a nose in front at the
finishing point this afternoon, and in conßo
quence there was no Joy In the hearts of the
form flgurerß. The track was Blow, but dried
out considerably. Weenatchie. by El Rio Rey,
won the mile and a quarter race la fine style.
First race, purse, one mile.
Name and Wt. Jockeys. *. U,. %. Str. Fin
Lord Neville, 89..Qormley 3 3 8 3 l i
•J MB, 99 Lines 0 0 0 0 2 1
Pawnee, JOl J. Dunn 2 2 2 2 3
Bertha Utlrer, 84..Dugan 1 1 1 lUO
Time, 1:45%. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Dan Huger 102, Filont 103, Bill Dawdy 9s
Albert C S9 and Bill Jachmaa 86 also ran.
Straight odds against first three— 3 to L I
to ; and 12 to I.
•Favorite.
[ Second race, selling, clx furlongs] J
Name and Weight. Jockeys. Mi- ?♦• Str. Fin.
Randazzo, 101 Snell 0 0 0 1
•Wiggins. 95 Kelly 0 0 2 2
Helen H. Gardner. 101.. Rutter 3 3 In 3
Ray B. 99 Frn 3 t lh lh 3 0
Prompt o, 101 ....J. McDorald 2 2 0 0
Time. 1:18^4. Won cleverly. Second and
third driving.
McAlbert 92, Little Billee 103, Jil Armstrong
104 Tava Harris 9D, Aaunt Mary 98, Elgitha 90.
Rebel Jack 95 and Gypceiver 95 also ran.
Straight odds against first three—* to 1. 2V4
to 1 and 8 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, selling, mile and a quarter:
Name and Wt Jockeys. V*. V 4. %■ Str. Fin.
Wrenatchle, V» ....Coonibs 0 0 0 1 1 I*4
•Mamie G, 95 Kelly 0 0 0 2 2
Gomez, 9S C Clay 0 0 0 0 »
K. ElkWd, 101.. McDonald 2 Ihl h 0 0
Minerva, 95 Lines 12 2 3 0
Connie Lee, U3.. Southard 3 3 3 0 0
Time. 2:12. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Rifle 102, C. S. Bush 98, Random J7, Davezao
98, Confession 93, Mies Chambers 93 and De
mosthenes S2 also ran.
Straight odds agaftist flrat three— s to 1. S to
6 and 80 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, handicap, seven furlongs:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. *4. i*. K. Str. Fin.
Pinochle, 80 Kelly 0 0 0 3 1V»
*H. S. Tobac. 100. Coombs 16 1C IS 15 32
Basquil, 100 Gilmore 2 2 2 2 2 3ns
Kisme, 100 Rutter 3 3 3 0 0
Time. 1:29. Won driving. Second, third and
fourth driving.
David 110 and Hazard 85 also ran.
Straight odds against first three— 6 to 1, J
to 1 and 3 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, purse, six furlongs:
Name and Wright. Jockeys. V 4. %• Str. Fin.
Belle of Momphls. 93.... Fr05t 11 11 11 IS
Lady Hamilton. 102. ...Rutter 3 3 2 2ns
Nick Carter, 107 Snell 0 0 3 3
Watchmaker. 96 Lines 2 2 0 0
Time. 1:15V4. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
•Fireside 102, Picayune 98 and Lucky Star II
93 also ran.
Straight odds against l'rat three— 2V4 to 1
(played down from 10), 6 to 1 and 6 to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth raca, purse, one mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeya. v 4.v 4 . %. %. Str. Fin.
Linda. 99 J. MclWnld 12 11 11 11 12
Tragedy, 99 Gllmore 2 2 h 3 3 2 1
Can Gallop, 97 Lines 0 3 21213
Judg» Steadman, lOl.Snell 0 0 0 0 4
•Mystery. &9 Gormley 3 0 0 0 0
Time, 1:43? i. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Elkln 102 and Marquis* 99 also ran.
Straight o.lds against first three— Linda
barred. Tragedy 4 to 1. Can Gallop 2Vi to L
•Favorite.
A STUBBORN BUTCHER.
Fight Between the Police and a
Wealthy Butcher on McAllis
ter Street.
Fred Junker is a wealthy butcher and
has a store on McAllister street, near
Buchanan. He is determined to lay a
wooden sidewalk in front of his store,
but the police are just as determined that
he will obey the ordinance.
He commenced to lay the sidewalk on
Sunday, July 17. early In the morning,
but was arrested arid booked at the City
Prison. He gavo SlO cash ball and was
released. Four hours later he a.galn at
tempted to lay the sidewalk, and was
again arrested, this time putting up $20
bail.
The cases were called yesterday, and
•were continued till to-morrow. While
the defendant was in court his son, Fred
Junker Jr., attempted to lay the side
walk, and was promptly arrested by
Policeman Dunn. He was released on
giving $10 bail. Ills u>ze has also been
aspiirned to Judge Mogan'.s court.
Since Sunday, July 17, the police have
been compelled to keep an officer on
watch at Junker's shop to prevent him
from laying the sidewalk, so that his
fight against the ordinance is putting the
city to needless expense.
Ilobbed While He Slept.
William Rogers was arrested yesterday
aftt-rr.oon on a charge of grand larceny,
preferred against him by John Ross. Rog
ers is accused of abstracting $10 from the
pockets of Mr. Ross while the latter whs
taking his afternoon siestaon the benches
in the plaza.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
PAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BX T SINEBB OFI'ICK of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery etreet.
corner Cluy; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS7 Hayes street; open until S:3O o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larktn street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1341 Mission street; open until M o'clock.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2G26 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
KW, corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
etr^cts. open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. m&, 1 '
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _^_
EVENING, July 2?. at 7:30 o'clock. )KJr
First degree. By order of the Master, '▼*
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary-
GOLDEN WEST Lodge No. 322.
I <> a. F. Initiation itw i ■aaßjjjjSjj*
dates) THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING, at 8 o'clock.
E. J. TREYER, N. Q.
J. V. WHITNEY, Rec. Sec.
MEMBERS of Yerba Buena Lodge <*mWff)t,
Lodge No. 15, I. O. O. F., are S^V"^
requested to assemble at Odd Fel- :^zz£*.AS?
lows' Hall, FRIDAY, July 29, -WlW^"
at 1:30 o'clock p. m., to attend the funeral of
our late brother, ARTHUR M. JELLISON.
H. F. NEUNABER. N. G.
THE San Francisco Scottish Thistle v C7"\i
club meets THIB iTH I'R.SDAY) 2V, C*iX7
EVENING, Fraternity Hall, 32
O'Farrell st., at & o'clock. Smoker
follows. W. A. DAWSON, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON, Recorder.
KEBKL cork Benevolent Association— Mem-
ber* >)f the picnic committee are requested to
attend a meeting at Cambrian Hall, THURS-
DAY EVENING, July 28, at 8 o'clock. Spe-
cial committees and members having orders
for prizes for the twelfth annual picnic to be
held at Shell Mound Park on SUNDAY.
August 7, ISSS, are requested to report at this
meeting. JOHN SHEA, Chairman.
JOHN MOYNIHAN, Secretary.
DONEGAL Bociaj Club will hold a pleasant
and enjoyable reunion and picnic at Wild-
wood Ulen. Sausalit., SUNDAY. July 31.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meeting
of stockholders of the Hakalau Plantation
Company will be held Ht the office of the
company, 327 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.,
on MONDAY, the Ist day of August, 1898, at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose
of electing a Board of Directors to serve for
the ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business aB may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer books will close on Friday,
July 29, 1898, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting of the Rtsdon Iron and
Locomotive Works— The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Rlsdon Iron and
Locomotive Works. f<r the election of trus-
tees for the ensuing year and the transac-
tion of such other business as may be
brought before the meeting, will be held at
the office of the company, southeast corner
of Beale and Howard streets. Ban Francisco,
on MONDAY, the l3t day of August. 1898,
at 11 o'clock a. m. L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Waldeok Sanatorium will b«
held at 717 Jones st. TUESDAY EVENING,
August 2, at S:SO o'clock.
E. E. KELLY, Secretary-
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, .corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, calico, muslins, linings,
aprons, towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at
the Pioneer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 416 Montgomery et.. room 6; tel. 6580.
ALVINE HALL and aselntant; genuine cabinet
bath*. 15H Turk and HIS Market, rms. ID-IS.
DIVIDEND NOIIC-S.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 83 (fifty cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamehip Com-
pany will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, 827 Market st., on and after August 1.
1898. Transfer books will close on Tuesday,
July 36, 1898, at 3 o'clock p. m.
' E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
PACIFIC Employment Office— First-class se-
lect hrlp. 536 Market Bt. ; phonw Clay 130.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEUALE.
ENGLISH woman, good cook and house-
worker; $12 to $15; beat references. MRS.
_NORTON. JIS Sutter st.
GKEKN Swedish girl wishes place to assist;
$10; strong and willing. MRS. NORTON. 318
Sutter st.
IRISH housefflrl ; good cook: can take full charge;
9 years last place; city or country. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
GERMAN houßeglrl; firat-class cook; best ref-
erences; $20 to $2r>. MRS. NORTON, Swedish
and German Employment Bureau, 313 Sutter
st. ; telephone Green 721.
SWEDISH cook and second girl; will take
places either together or apart. C. K. HAN-
BEN & CO., M Oearj-. St.; phono Urant 135.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
NEAT young girl desires situation .at house-
work or as nurse, $10 to $15; references. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT young German girl desires situa-
tion as nurse or housework; $10 to $15; refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN, 825 Sutter St.
COMPETENT German cook and housework
girl desires situation; 3 years last place; city
or country. MIBS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS French cook desires situation;
best reference; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 326 Sutter St.
COOK and general house servant with 4V6
years' reference from last place (her age
about 28) wants situation to-day. Send your
order for her to J. F. CIiOSETT & CO., 316
Sutter et. __________
RESPECTABLE Protestant first-class woman,
good worker, gees out by the day; general
housework, houßecleaning, without the wash;
$1 a day and car fare. Please call at 72S
Folsom st., downstairs. In rear, room B.
AMERICAN woman wishes position for light
housework in small family; no washing; good
cook; references. F. W., 28 Sixth st., over
Empire Shoe Company.
WOMAN wants any kind of housework, wash-
ing or ironing. Call or address 1648 Mission
St., bet. Twelfth and Thirteenth.
IOUNO girl wishes position at genera.: house-
work. Apply for 2 days 257 Clementina Bt.,
off Fourth.
EXPERIENCED aick nurse want 6 rositlcn.
beer references. 1439 Market St., bet. Tenth
and Klr\enth.
WANTED— By Canadian Protestant woman,
housework In private family; good ex>k. Call
SO3 Turk st.
SWEDISH woman wishes work by the day;
good washer and ironur. 7 California aye.;
send postal please.
YOUNG lady wishes a situation to work morn-
ings In exchange for her room and board.
Box 4SI, Call Office.
YOUNG girl wants situation to assist in light
housework or mind children. 3753 Twenty-
fourth st.
WOMAN wants any kind of work by the day.
Call or address E.. 547 Mission st.
3 OR 4 hours' housework wanted during the
day. Box 146, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a reliable woman to
do housework: oity or country. Call for two
days 7n& Mission st.
COMPETENT working housekeeper wants sit-
uation; widower's family preferred: good ref-
erences. Call or address 81 Van Ness aye.
LADY soprano singer would like a situation
either in city or country- Address G. FROST,
Oakland Postofflce.
BY competent nurse, children, upstairs work
and sewing; moderate wages; references. Box
135. Call office^
MIDDLE-AGED woman, experienced infant's
nurse; good references. Box 138. Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing or
housecleanlng. 807 Birch aye.
WOMAN wishes work by the day, washing or
cleaning. Call or address 46 Brady St., down-
stairs.
RELIABLE woman wishes a situation; is a
good cook; will do light housework; city or a
nhort distance in the country; will work for
moderate wages. Apply 10 Stockton place,
off Stockton st., bet. Port and Sutter.
WANTED— By a young German woman a situ-
ation to do general ncisework for a private
family; le willing to work, but desires good
wages and good treatment. Inquire at 1515
Geary st.
STRONG German woman wishes situation for
general housework, or as housekee;»er; Is a
good cook and can do any kind of work.
Please call at 406 Vallejo st.
AY ANTED— Situation, by a young girl to do
light s^nond work or upstairs work; can fur-
nish best of city references. Box 210, Call.
COMPETENT woman wishes work in hotel or
bearding house: good references; city or
country. 2739 Mission st.
COMPETENT laundress and houseeleaner
wants work by the day; terms $1; references
given. Box 131, Call office
GKUMAN girl wishes position at general house-
work. Please call at 674 Chestnut St., rear;
no postals.
WOMAN wishes housework or washing by the
day. 1012 Valencia st.
EXPERIENCED saleslady wishes position;
■mall salary. Box 293, Call office.
AN experienced trimmer wants position; small
salary. Box 150, Call office.
WORK by the day by young German woman;
$1 and car far*. 5272 Folsom st.
HELIABLE woman, good cook and laundress,
would like a position to do housework; good
city references. Call or address 114 Harriet.
SITUATION wanted by neat young girl, assist
In housework or second work. Please call
441 Thirteenth st.
RELIABLE girl wants light housework and
cooking. Call or address 114 Harriet St., off
Folsom.
WANTED— By good reliable, refined lady, fe^oA
home; make herself useful for moderate sal-
ary; city or country. 2621 Bush st.
WANTED— By a lady who has partly learned
the barber trade, a place to work In barber
shop; free service. Box 262, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like a place to do
any light work or care of children. Call
£24 Montgomery St.
REFINED lady with daughter of 12 would like
position as working housekeeper, or would
try anything honest: must have work; city
references. A. D., 1433 Mission st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want sds and subscriptions taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED- MALE,
2 FIRST-CLASS bread bakers want work. C.
K. HAXHEN & C0.^104 Geary Bt.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414^4 O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 y«ars) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
AN educated young man, able to read and
write English, Swedish and Finnish, wants
position as clerk or anything suitable; experi-
enced In printing; strictly temperate. 44
East Bt.
WANTED— By a young man, a position as
Ixjokkeeper or assistant; has knowledge of
shorthand and typewriting; also speaks Ital-
ian. Box 462, Call office.
GERMAN couple wish situations; man good
hotel cook; wife good dressmaker, house-
keeper or nurse; beat of references; city or
country. Box 106, Call office.
SALESMAN for general hou.sefurnlshlnjr or
clothing house seeks employment. Address
for two days. Salesman, box 434. Call Office.
YOUNG man, 22, seeks work as bookkeeper,
clerk, collector or any office work; low salary
to commence. Address box 404, Call office.
FLOUR inspector wants position either os In-
spector or helper or porter around warehouse
C, 1000 Pacific aye., Alameda, Cal.
LANDSCAPE gardener, with 18 years' experi-
ence, good references, wishes situation on
private place. CHAS. KISSLING, 409 Union.
STRONG young man wants a situation in or
around the city; can drive and take care of.
_Btoek._o. MORRIS. 904 Kearny st.
JAPANESE wishes situation, as porter in Ba-
loon or waiter in restaurant. Address FRANK
box 275. Call office.
WANTS a situation— A young man 18 years .of
age, living with his parents, best of refer-
ence, wants to learn some reepectable busi-
ness; writes a good hanU; wages no object.
Address H. L. M., box 435, Call office.
YOUNG man wants work; handy at paper
hanging, painting, whiting, whitewashing,
glazing; will work reasonable by the day
good references. Box 196, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German wants a position as
barkeeper in saloon or hotel; make himself
generally useful around place; wages mod-
ernte.- Box 212, Call office.
SITUATION wanted on private place; take
care of horaes and carriages; city or coun-
try. CHAS. LAENGER, 621 California st.
YOUNG man from the Eaat well acquainted
with wholesale liquor business would like a
position at same. Box 133, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS baker wishes a situation on
bread and cakes. Address 2031 Mission at.,
near Sixteenth St.
YOUNG man wants work in city or country;
understands care of horses and general work
about place. Address box 144, Call office.
YOUNG man speaking English, French, Ger-
man and Malay with five years office ex-
perience; traveled in China, Japan and In-
dia; desires situation. Box 184, Call office.
JAPANESE student wishes a situation as a
school boy; speaka English well; has long ex-
perience. Address FRED, 626 O' Fan-ell st.
JAPANESE wants position to do any kind of
work In evening for board and room. M. O.
605 Dupont st.
BARBER wants position in some mining town
or camp. Address A., Call office.
MAN anil wife wish positions to cook for hotel
or boarding house; city or country. Address
Hamburger Hof. 2SI Fifth st.
J_,Y\ ISH young -an wants situation, any
kind; salary no object. Box 275, Call office.
WANTED — By a competent married man, posi-
tion to take entire charge of ranch or gentle-
man's country place; flrst-claßs references.
Box 207. Call Office.
WANTED— Situation as valet or attendant to
Invalid gentleman; thoroughly experienced.
F. J.. box 260, Call Office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St.. n*ar
Market; 200 rooms, 26c to $1 50 night; $160 to
$8 week; convenient at*d respectable; frae
'bos and ___ga_e to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED-FEMALE.
WAITRESS, nice country hotel, Monterey
County, $20. MURRAY & READY. C 34 Clay.
2 WAITRESSES, Angela Camp, $20 each. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Butter St. __
A— FRENCH nursery governess, $20 to $30.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Butter st.
A— NEAT young girl, $12 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. ■
A— FRENCH second girl and sew, $26; house-
work, St. Helena, $20; San Mateo. $15; 12
housework girls, city and county, $20 and $-5;
1 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CLL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
A— SWEDISH, German or French second girl
and nursery governess, $25. MISS CULLEN.
325 Butter st. _______
A.— COOK, small restaurant, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Butter et.
2 FIRST-CLASS lroners for first-class country
hotel; $35, room and board and free fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
TWO waitresses: Santa Cruz Mountains; free
fare; $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary, want to-day
head waitress, country, $25; waitress, Stock-
ton, $20; waitress, Bakersfleld, $20; waitress,
south, fare advanced, $20; 2 restaurant wait-
resses, $20, Vallejo; cook, resort near city,
$30; fancy lroner, first-class country hotel,
$85 and found and free fare both ways. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NIGHT nurse for institution. $20 and found:
cook and second girl, Jewish family, $25 and
$20; 20 housework girls, city and country
places, $25 and $20; young girls to aeslst, $12
and $15. C. R. lIA-NSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
SECOND girl. Oakland, $20; houserlrl, Oak-
land $15; waitress, $15: nursegirl, $10. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter Bt.
COOK, $25; houseglrl, $25; 2 Irish houseglrls at
$20 each; 2 second girls, $20. MRS. NORTON.
313 Butter st.
SECOND girl. $15; French second girl, $70;
nurse, $20; young girl to assist. $10 to $12;
middle-aged woman, country. $20; houseelrl.
2 in family, $15; German houseglrl, $25. MRS.
NORTON, 813 Butter et.
WANTED waitresses, same hotel, country,
ccc boss at office 11 o'clock, $20; 2 Scandina-
vian girls as cook and second girl, same
house, $25 and $20. see lady in office 10:30 to-
day; German second girl. $20: French second
girl $20; girls for housework. $20 and $15.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
CHAMBERMAID, $20: upstairs nurse, $20; up-
stairs girl, $15; 10 girls for housework, small
American families. MRS. HIRD, 631 Larkln.
WANTED— girl (Protestant) to assist
light housework; more as a companion; good
home: wages $5. Call after 9 a. m., 867 Capp.
WANTED— Lady typewriter: must be a good
stenographer; give reference and salary ex-
pected. Box 247, Call.
GIRL wanted to help In kitchen; 14 years of
age; $7 per month. Call at 1305 Mission St.,
bakery.
YOUNG girl for general housework; 2 in
family; good home. 715 Howard st.
YOUNG German girl: second work and chil-
dren; references. 2933 Pierce; apply 10 a. m.
GIRL, general housework; small family; wages
$15 to $18. Apply 1668 Fell st.
GIRL. 14 to 16 years, to assist in housework.
916 Fulton st.
YOUNG girl wanted for restaurant. NEU-
MANN'S. 348% Third St.
SCHOOL girl about 15, light housework: sleep
at home. 619 Fell st.
WANTED — First-class tailores- to work on
pants. 182? Hyde st.
GERMAN woman to do housework; wages $15.
H. NEWMAN, 15 Vicksburg St.
WANTED— A few first-class shoe stitchers and
vamperfi; good pay to th" right kind; fac-
tory in city. Box IX Call office.
YOUNG girl for general housework. 7SI Green
St.," near Mason.
GOOD girl for genera! housework; 2 in fam-
ily. 25 East St., near Clay.
GIRL. 14, Oakland, assist housework; can at-
tend school; small wages. Address box 267.
Call office.
GIRL for light housework, $5 month. Apply
store. Treat eve. and Twenty-fifth st.
LEARN dressmaking & millinery; positions
free; patterns 23c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
LEARN sewing at Keisltr Ladles' Tailoring
College, 118 McAllister st. ; patterns to order.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School. 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
paid.
HELP WANTED— 3I4 LE. . -
$3 DAY.. Hay balers $3 day
3 hay balers. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
12 COOKS, $55. $45. $35 and $30 and found; 8
waiters, $30. $25 and $20 and found; 5 dish-
washers, $25, $20 and $15; bartender and
waiter, plain hotel, $20 and found. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
MAN to drive coal wagon and sharpen tools,
city Job. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
PAINTER for a country carriage factory. $2 50
day; carpenter, city Job, $2 50 day. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— GOLD Mines
10 pick and shovel laborers, $1 75 day. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO sawmills To woods
6 lumber pliers $30 and found
Man to handle logs $35 and found
66 woodchoppers 45 tie makers
$1 25 cord. .Tools furnished.. Be, 9c and lie each
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay |f.
10 FRUIT pickers, near city; 6 farm hands, $26
and $20 and found. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 63C Clay st.
COACHMAN, private family $25 and found
2 ptablemen. livery stables $25 and found
Gardener, private family $25 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
FELT and composition roofer, $3 day; 5 team-
sters, city Jobs. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
$3 DAY Hay balers $3 day
3 strong men to bale hay. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
LOOK HERE!.. Wages from $2 50 day
55 laborers (no experience required) to work
around one of the largest mining plants in
America to do any class of common work put
by this company to do; no underground work;
wages from $2 50 day; special reduoed railroad
rates to works
365 days work each year If you desire
365 nights work each year If you desire..
365 pay days each year If you require
Come to our office; read or have read to you
by our firm a letter that has Just arrived from
these great mines; board, etc., costs 50c day.
..: MURRAY & READY,
••••• 634 and 636 Clay et.
$22 50 — SPECIAL reduced fares to Skaguay,
Alaska, via Seattle, for laborers and rock-
men to work on the Skaguay railroad at 30c
and hour. For further particulars call or
write C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
10 ITALIAN laborers to work on the railroad
In British Columbia; fare paid; call early
C. R. HANBEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
100 RAILROAD teamsters and laborers for
work in California; regular wages; free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SCRAPER teamsters, city work; laborers for
a quarry ; $1 75 a day. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
CARRIAGE painter. $2 50 a day; harnessmak-
ers, city; trunkmaker, country; 4 rough car-
CO nte io4 C° and found - C R. HANSEN &
CO. , 104 Geary st.
10 LA 2 RE S S for a mlne - wa M from $1 60
to $? W a day; steady work; reduced fares.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
JANITOR and window cleaner for an office.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD and second cook for Nevada, $70 fare
paid; cook, small restaurant, $40; small res-
taurant $, i a week; second cook and baker.
$35. cook plain hotel, $30; second baker, ho-
tel. $25 and found. .C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
FLORIST and greenhouse man; $35 and found;
see party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
ueary st.
°OM*raNT «i« !trlcl « »: $100; country. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. -.
WANTED— Timber feller. $40 and found; col-
°, boy to drive in city; 2 carpenters for
mine, J3 day; 3 woodchoppers. $1 50 cord; 2
blacksmith helpers, $1 day and board: lum-
ber pIIerR. $1 75 day; young men for orchard
I? ; .J ar I? or Napa and Sonoma coun-
ties. $20; 20 laborers for long Job. $1 75 to $2
day and fare refunded: cooks, waiters and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628
Bacramento st. ; • . ~T\* .-"^
WANTED— cook, no baking, $55 and
room, south, fare advanced if required: boy
to run elevator. $3 to $4 per week; stableman,
private place, must be able to milk. $25 and
found farmers ; milkers; man to sharpen a
I few. Picks, city. $20 and found per month;
EWER CO., 626 Clay st. ° thgrS - D "
T ?»Yi'L (J «T?i a ,m : wash d lB*>es; 10 per month.
MISS CULLEN. 825 Sutter et.
WANTED— office boy, age 15 to 16 years,
by a large wholesale house; must reside with
4fl3 rB CaU " offl 8S In ' own handwriting, box
48u, Call office.
AN . experienced cutter on men's shoes wanted
nk''**?' ' Apply • at •: EVANS. NORTON &
io. o factory. Napa. Cal.
W A h 7T^T» Flr ?, t " claaB trunk maker: steady
&£'!„ Hte T D - D - WHITNEY. 423 . South
< Spring St., Lew Angeles, -
HELP WANTED— Continued.
LABORERS— Men wanted for^eneraTlabor~oa
concrete foundations near Port Townsend,
Wash. ; wages $1 75 per day, with 25c per day
additional and return fare to San Francisco
under certain conditions; board $4 per week;
men must pay fare going; steamer Walla
Walla, July 30, 10 a. m. Apply to Pacific
Bridge Co., 4 California St., room 8.
WANTED— Men In every State and county in
the union; for good men big money. 29 Grant
aye., room 24.
STRONG boy wanted to learn carriage black-
smithing; must be recommended. 828 Har-
rison st.
WANTED— First-class presser on Jackets.
DAVIDSON & MILLER, 759 Market St.
FIRST-CLASS tailor by week; steady work-
good pay. A. ROTHMAX, 1127 Mission st. '
WANTED— Errand boy with good recommenda-
tlons at ROGERSON'S, 535 Valencia st.
YOUNG man about 16 years of age to learn
copperplate printing. Box 219, Call office.
BOYS to sell latest novelty; good seller; big
profit. Jewelry store, 6 Market st.
GOOD bread baker. 3025 Sacramento st.
2 LUNCH waiters at 432 Fifth st.
A BOY who has had some experience In nlc
ture framing. JONES, 547 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED dress goods salesman; win-
dow dresser preferred. Box 488, Call office*
GOOD canvassers for printing and other work"
724H Market St., room 18.
GOOD ad solicitor for special publication- 80
per cent. C, box 127, Call office.
WANTED— Man to learn barber trade- best
terms. 1542 Market st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ!
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie. 1104
1 BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office a
I FUCHS. Sec, 225 Grant aye.; tel. Grant i3S. '
1 GENT to take orders for printing. Apply p
BOULIN, 519 Filbert st. * '
GENTLEMEN or ladles wanted for good sell-
ing article on salary or commission gio
Market St., room 25.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart!
WANTED—/ Montana House, 764% MlssionT
men to take rooms: 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor still
rung Denver House. 217 Third st.: 130 'larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade In 8 weeks. San
Francisco Barber College, ISSMi Eighth st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 604 Davis St.. near Jackson.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling, 35c; only one price. 959 Howard st.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st.. below Sixth
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Llndel House, Sixth and Howard sts.
"WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third at., near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— Partner quick: big rr.^ney; "
ness established; $35 required. 909& Mission st.
HOUSES WANTED.
COMPLETELY furnished house wanted in Ala-
meda for a month or two by C. R. HANSEN.
104 Geary st.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— I or 2 furnished housekeeping
rooms, near Golden Gate aye.; terms. Box
459, Call Of fire.
WANTED— large unfurnished rooms; Wes-
tern Addition. Box 500, Call Office..
WANTED— for toy an! girl. &jied 5 and
7 years; state terms. N. N., box 4SS, Call.
MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Two 50-horsepower boilers and ona
25-horse power engine; state price and par-
ticulars. Address box 465, Call office.
WANTED— rent; barber shop in country
town or hotel. J. F., box 261, Call office.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS? J. J. WKITNET, ..'.- ~ '''.,': '.-V -V; : "_'^.
Medical clairvoyant and medium, will diag-
nose diseases s.nd treat with revealed reme-
dies, which are a boon to suffering humanity;
stamp for circular. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE, 1104 Market st
(Vendome building)— Trance medium; unites
the separated; changes luck; locates burled
treasures; letters answered; Inclose stamp.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
eight; diagnose disease, full life reading; la.
00c, gents $1; palm, andclair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. LENEMAR; fortune by planets: predict-
ed in '74 overdue stmr., people on island. 23*4
Sixth St., room 8.
MME. HANSON, palmist: card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth St.. room 10.
MME. MOREAU best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fonrth st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortuna
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fession; never falls; advice: help. 929 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
10c; 605 McAllister St.; come skeptics.
M. FRANCES, independent slate writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, tranca
test medium and life reader. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st.; read-
Ings. $1; cir. Tues.. Frl., 2 p. m.; Sat. 8; 25c,
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 21214 Sixth Bt.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. CHANDLER— Sunday eve. SOS
Larkln: readings dally at res.. SSI Geary st.
LOST.
LOST in channel 18-foot lapstreak yawl,
painted white with red bottom; $10 re-
ward. E. N. HUNTER. 715 Call building.
LOST— A small pug dog; answers to name of
"Prince." $5 reward on return to 621 Leav-
en worth st.
LOST— Blue-covered account of an estate, on
Market St. near Palace Hotel. Leave at
Palace office and receive reward.
LIVER and white pointer pup. 7 months old.
Return to T. BURKE, 127 Ninth St.. and re-
ceive reward. '
LOST— July 27 brown leather purse, in Holy
Cross Cemetery, near receiving vault. Return
to 2918 Washington at. and receive reward.
O ii B 6-polnted star; white stone in center.
228 A McAllister St.: reward. ■
k upward- purse. Post st. or Fill-
morVand MtM!on cars, containing $15 gold.
$5 or $« silver; old halfpenny. Return to
1738 Sanchez St.
*15 REWARD and no questions asked for the.
return of lady's open-faced gold watch; ini-
tials "C B."; small chain attached; lost
July 23; valued as a present. Return to 633
Post ft.'
_ FOUND.
FOUND— Mastiff dog. Apply 3050 Twenty-
fourth st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law. S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
ALL private law cases, insolvency, collections,
free advice; open cv. AttyMcCabe, 103 Larkln.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar^
ket; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. T. F.
STACK. 14 McAllister St.; room 64 ;
SEWING MACHINES. "~~~
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY— repaired, bought, sold-
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45."
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented-
repairing at : lowest rates. 205 . Fourth st.
— — — - TO LEASE. ~ ~
THE old building of the Y. M. C. A., 233
Sutter. St.; long lease; very low terms: can
be rented as a whole or in divisions; large
and splendid location; no reasonable rent re-
fused. Apply to MADISON & BURKE.
; PHYSICIANS. ~
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence.
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.BUSINESS CHANCES.
I SALOON located on Hayes st.; worth $400
• of any man's money; can be had at your own
• price; must be sold quick. Full particulars
of WILKE & CO., 843 Market st.
A— s4so— Cigar-store on Market st., 1 block
. from Baldwin Hotel; rent $45; owner has 2
stores and too much to attend. See WILKE,
m:. Mark it st. ■: ■,:■ -*j4
A— JfiO'X); bakery; one of the oldest and best-
known bakeries of this city, doing a large,
finrt-class paying business; 6 horses, 3 wag-
ons; using daily 12 barrels of flour; sickness
of owner compels sale. Particulars WILKE,
845 Market St.
$600-PARTNER wanted In a saloon and lodg-
Ing-house; located on water front; doing a
paying business all the time and a rushing
trade with navigators; too much business tor
cne man; Investigate at once; a fine business
.opening. WILKE & CO., 545 Market St.
$800— GERMAN boarding-house, with saloon; 9
furnished rooms: rent $20; surrounded by iron
. foundries; a first-class opening and rare
chance. WILKK. MO Market st.
$500— RESTAURANT and chophouse; doing a
first-class paying business; close to Market i
and 2d sts.; low rent; investigate; owner
must leave at once and no reasonable offer
refused. Call on R. G. WILKE. 845 Market.
$500— BOARDING-HOUSE with 11 furnished
rooms; best possible I cation; just across the
bay; IS regular boarders; big transient trade:
trial before buying; this offer is genuine and
best in its line. M. LESS, 765 Market St.,
oi i Phelan building. ______
$400 WILL buy to-day a restaurant and eof- j
fee saloon In greatest manufacturing district I
of city; worth double; finest fitted up place
there: receipts average from $9 ■" to $1000 per
month: rent only $30; for a genuine bargain
this stands unrivaled; owner must go East.
M. LESS, 765 Market st. _
$1200— DRY goods and gents' furnishings and
notion store; excellent corner in good part of
city: 3 nice living rooms and bath; invoice j
value stock fully $1200; well paying business;
grand 'opening for any one; full Investigation
afforded; satisfactory reasons for Belling. M.
LESS. 765 Market st., opp. Phelan building. _
t»BOO— CORNER saloon; down town; on Market
St.; no competition; doing excellent business;
room for large increase; could be enlarged
into wholesale and retail liquor concern; no
better location in town for such purpose;
sickness cause sale. LESS. 765 Market st.
$300— CORNER saloon with 3 living rooms, in-
cluding furnituro; good location principal
street; handsome place: neat and Inviting;
large stock; dally receipt* $8; rare offer; gen-
uine bargain; hard to duplicate It. Apply
M: LESS, 765 Market St., opp. •■■an bid?.
$2500— LEGITIMATE business; will clear from
$200 to $2.V) j>er month: suitable for one or two
men: trial and full Investigation given. Mc-
:i. LAUGHLIN .v Ct -'-J 3 __' li [ n >lf_:
$350— PARTNER wanted In saloon; part cash if
necessary. McLAUGHLIN & CO., .3 Kearny.
$3000 — BAZAAR, plumbing and tinware busi-
ness; stock worth price: selling on account
of departure. MCLAUGHLIN, 23 Kearny st.
$250— CORNElTsaioonTbarpain; this day. Mc-
L.V OHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$600 — Grocery and bar; principal street; full
value in stock: 2 blocks of City Hall; a bar-
gain. Mclaughlin & co., 23 Kearny st.
A — X:. & CO 22^. Geary st.
Miscellaneous Business.
. $ioon— i^ interest perfumes and extracts; est.
$n'»'— Steam laundry: $1000 monthly.
$3500-^-Drug store; exchange for realty.
• $K>oo— Candy mfy. and Ice cream parlors.
i $2*'if.ii— HakiTj": $SOO bakery and $40u bakery:
* Many groceries, saloons and restaurants.
A CORNER grocery, bar and living rooms; nice
clean stock; $12 daily; must be sold this
week; make offer. KREDO & CO.
BRANCH bakery and notions; living
rooms; $5 daily; a snap. KREDO & CO.,
-22 1 -; Gear] st.
$C 00 — WILL Ft-cure partnership in business in
live town near city doing $650 monthly; no
opposition; must be a man of strict integrity
and a baker; refs. given and required; fullest
investigation courted. City Agency, $50 Mkt.
$175— FRUIT and produce stand; $65 a month
guarantee.! over expenses; a genuine bargain.
City Agency, S5O Market St.
A— SSOO; MEAT market; receipts !45 day; cheap
_rv.u. ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market si.
A— FIRST-CLAPS restaurant on Market: $2jo-
$l5O ■..-'... ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st.
A— GOOD-PAYING corner grocery and bar.
ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market st.
NEAT corner bakery and notion store; 4 runny
rooms; furnished; rent $15; large stock; good
business; price $150. RAND & CO., 917 Market.
$225— PARTNER wanted; corner cigar store;
receipts, $18 to $20 per day and clearing $75
per month each: trial given: must have help.
Apply RAND & CO., >17 Market st.
HIGHEST cash prices paid for restaurants,
saloons, fixtures, grocery stocks. STENBERG
& CO.. 26H Kearny st.
>2I9~ SAIXJOX— 7 furnished ■ room 3, billiards,
dining room, kitchen, rent $15 a month. BA-
SILE, S73H Market st.
BELL or exchange; 20-acre placer mining claim;
Nevada County; Wales patent machine; cost
$.V 0; 2 tents and outfit, tools, etc., for 2 or
inr.re men; pure spring water runs camp and
machine; want city business or real estate.
W. D. ROSS, 212 TurK st.
$350— PARTNER wanted; light business; suited
to plain, steady man satisfied with $20 to $30
a week: no experience required; trial given.
Apply from 3 to 5 p. m. at 724 Vi Market, r. 17.
$l.'>o"— WANTED to put a gold quartz mine niw
In operation on a dividend paying basis; ti>.rr-
ough in\e*tlgation solicited. Address box 147,
Call Office.
APGONAUT Saloon, cor. Twelfth and Minion
et.«.: no reasonable offer refused; on account
of sudden departure.
SMALL milk ranch and route for sale, cheap.
Inquire at 222 Rltch St., bet. Bryant and
Brannan.
WANTED— Partner with $500; excellent oppor-
tunity. 1071H Market st., near Seventh.
TO PRINTERS— CompIete Job offlce~ln~ Oak-
land; cheap for cash. D., box l.Call, Oakland.
$17" FOR '■■; Interest in a good-paying manufac- ]
turing business. .-.:.- 1739 Mission st.
ANTED — A mechanical engineer In partner-
ship for the completion of an epoch-making i
invention to produce power. Address Engineer '■
box 130, Call office
FOR Sale t-chair barber shop on Market st. on
account of sickness. Apply 102 Seventh St.,
near Mission.
FOR BALE— An old established furniture store.
'.•Ii Folsom st.
CHEAP — Grocery and bar; must be sold this
week. • Inquire at Chicago Brewery.
$1200— RESTAURANT and lodging house of 10
rooms doing good business; for pale on ac-
count of age. Address Box 208, Call Office.
GOOD bakery for sale cheap; on retirement
from business; 2 wagons: reasonable rent and
long lease > Apply Call office.
GROCER-, saloon; four-room furniture for
sale: fine corner; no -nposltlon. Address G.
E . box 263. Call office.
TO be sold at once; an old established barber
shop; cause. 111 health. 219 Broadway.
BEST-PAYING restaurant In Oakland; promi-
nently located, corner 2 principal streets; no
opposition; clearing $200 a month; sacrificed
for $650; reason for selling, owner compelled
to go to Europe; trial given before buying.
Address Owner, Call office, Oakland.
BARBER shop. 1 chair; also building ]2x16, I
$130; great bargain; good business; at Shasta
Springs. Address H. B. BASHAM. Dunsmuir,
Cal.
|
FOR sale— account of departure, small laun-
dry; the best thing for married couple; cheap
rent. Inquire at 236 Ellis st.
RESTAURANT for sale; one of the best loca-
tions In the city; south of Market st. ; on ac-
■ count of sickness. Inquire at 258 Minna st.
FOR SALE— A One restaurant In good location
■<-;.■'. doing a good business. Inquire at 216
__E. Main st, Stockton.
$1100 — CORNER grocery and saloon for sale.
Box 431. Call office.
FOR sale-Cigar store. Corner Sixteenth and
Mission Bta.
FOR sale- saloon; cheap. 422 Kearny st.
SOBER steady plumber and tinsmith can take
long-used shop in center of town St. Helena;
German preferred; rent $10 month. Address
KOBSI & ANDERSON, St. Helena.
HALF or whole interest in good paying butcher
J*opj cash business; elegant fixtures; central
location. I^Jwxj^Call^office. Oakland.
FOR sale Call route at Ran Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
*^"*"?*aJßd tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAB^ELL & CCS, 415 Sacramento st.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works-Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H BTEVENfI Mtrr
f» and 40 Eighth «t.V t^lelphoM b ruthfco.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carr>et-
Beatlng Works, SSI 57 Tehama st. ; tel S. 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-Cleaniiif Co.. 453
Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 412 Putter st •
tel. Main 894. OHO WOLCOM. Proprietor:' '
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaid at So.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth St. ; tel. Jessie 944.
r. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.: cleaning 3c yard; tel. Mission 74.
:ONKLIN'S Carpet-Boating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
STORAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co
office Tenth and Market; telephone South 168.
rURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse, $40 Mission St.; tel. Mint 1821.
PERSONALS.
GENT of CO wishes acquaintance lady same
atii' as companion on bicycle rides; object
mutual amusement, possibly matrimony; has
lady's wheel. C. E. KPPING, box 1, Yount-
vllle, Cal. ..
NOU—Nou— Mailed three letters. I am well
and I am working. Hayward P. 0., Cal.
r» TOUTI. •
JOSEPH GREVEN'S vocal pupils are public
favorites all over the United States; profes-
sional terms, $10 monthly, In advance, for 2
lessons weekly, only for those who start in
before the beginning of the season— l. c.,
August 10. 1236 Market St.
J. A. WOLF, formerly member of the tailoring
firm Curley & Wolf. S. F., is now In business
at room 11, Macdonough building, Oakland.
LITHO engraving battleship Maine, framed
and unframed; framing with glass 7x9 inches,
me: Bxlo and 10x12. Ise; 11x14 and 12x16, 20c;
14x17. 25c; 16x20, 30c; ISx22, 35c; 20x24. 45c; 22x
28, 60c; curtain poles complete, Lie; rm. mold-
Ing, all colors.lc ft ;open ev«.Jones,F47 Mission.
I STUDY to make hairdressing an art; my art-
ists carry out my Ideas; hairdressing, 250;
hair restored to natural color, $1 50 Up; good
switches, $1; finest, $3 50; extra, $5; open Sun-
day. 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, HI Stockton st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic: refreshing preparation;
removes dandruff. G. LEDERER, HI Stockton.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage. salt baths and herb cure. 579 Geary st.
J. HAUPTLI'S Hair Store has removed to 103«
Market; hairdressing, popular prices.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
I.KMQS. 1117 Market st . bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dreses, $5
up; <*■ 'sues made over. 3 Eddy st., rm. n-15.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— 27 ROC^"anl^axdersTr.T7?rTr.77nTr.s2ooo
68 rooms; new and good 1650
32 rooms; sunny corner; running water... 1600
14 rooms; transient 4*o
21 rooms; select; transient corner 1600
22 rooms; fine sunny corner 1400
31 rooms; tine for transients; part cash.. 1050
66 rooms; transient; best in city; cheap.
£2 rooms; rent $80; come quick 1500
9 rooms ; good house 200
46 rooms; Market St.; clears $200; cheap.. 1600
ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market et. (L. W.
Rogers, formerly clerk for H. C. Decker.) ■
KREDO & CO 22% Geary st.
Money to loan at low interest
60 rooms; apartment house 2500
38 rooms; rent $90; doctor pays $50 900
17 rooms; Jones st.; all full; a snap 700
12 rooms; Ellis st. : cleare $40 600 |
10 rooms; best little house; O'Farrell St.. 550 '
I rooms; Leavenworth Bt.; cheap rent.. 275
Also 50 and 53 rooms to exchange for Oak-
land or city realty. KREDO <& CO.
9 ROOMS, rent $40: near Hlbernla Bank.
21 rooms near Orpheum: rent $100.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
FOR SALE— Completely furnished 22 rooms
with cheap rent. 13 and 15' i Powell st. Apply
to GREEN BROS., owners, on premises.
FOR SALE— IS nicely furnished rooms; house
new: rooms full; good payer. 741 Howard st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
H. BAUM buys furniture and general mer-
chandise. 1057 Market St.: tel. Jessie 32.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and j
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs !
and all. other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices; terms easy; prices low-
est; everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
A— MARSHALL & WENDELL $75. Gabler $?5,
Sterling $195. Estev $190. S.-tl ing. walnut $195;
easy payments, Chickering agents. BENJ.
CUHTAZ.tfiOX, 16 O'Farreil St.- —
WE Invite critical examination; new store, new
goods. CLARK WISE & CO., 41 Geary et.',
corner Grant aye., Conover agents.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Ncwby, Evans,
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308, 310 312 Post st.
FINE upright for $150; come early if you want
to secure a bargain. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.
A— s6o; UPRIGHT: $5 installments; other cheap
pianos. 216 McAllister st.
AN elegant high-grade upright, good as new;
make offer. Room 12. Flood building.
$5 INSTALLMENTS; Emerson piano, $80; cost
$400. 221 Leavenworth st.
ELEGANT new pianos for rent. $2 60 month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
A— s3s; FINE-TONED piano, first-class condi-
tion; must sell. 1361 Folsom St., cor. Tenth.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest; price lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents. $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st. ■
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister
st., next Hlbernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, withers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
HORSES.
GOOD quiet mare and elegant 4-month colt and
cart; honest bargains. HENRY G. BRULON,
809 Vallejo St.; 12 to 1 p. m.
FOR SALE— Handsome standard bred bay
mare, black points; 16 hands 1 Inch high:
age 5 years; weight 1090 lbs.; sound and gen-
tle: sired by Election, by Electioneer, dam by
Wormwood, by Nutwood, 600, grand dam by
Jno. Nelson; well broken: trial given; price
$150; also gent's double seat road cart; good
as new; Frazier's special make; price $5«.
Inquire 347 Fremont ft., in rear.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOi'LE, Auctioneers.
FOR SALE— 2O head horses; must be sold. Ap-
ply Tomkinson's Livery Stable, 57-61 Minna
St.. between First and Second.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards, 220 Valencia st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FOR Horse and wagon In good shape;
suitable for peddling. 446 Sixth St..
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOBH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
NEW business buggy; coat $176; used 2 months;
sell $75. 623 Golden Gate aye.
$197 60— NEW upright piano; "splendid tone,
handsome case, mandolin attachment; (10
down, $5 per month. 225 Sutter st.
$15— DONKEY for sale. Apply at 101 Spruce st.
DELICACY store; bent location; death of owner
makes sale Imperative. 34 8. Pablo aye., Oak.
TEN shares Building and Loan Association
Stock. 87 months old, book value $125 40 per
share; make cash offer. Address box 298, Call.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
A FINE thing for a present; full line of
graphophones, $10 each and upward. PIERCE
& CO., 313 Emporium building.
SECOND-HAND lumber; 2xlo, 2xB, 2x6, 2x3.
Buchanan St., near Jackson.
PHONOGRAPHS. $20; records. $5 per dozen-
projectoscope. $100. Baclgalupl, 938-946 Market.
FIRST-CLASS windmill, 2 large tanks, brass
pump, pipes, etc. Til Treat aye.
BOILER. 42x14 with steam drum, complete;
will test to 175 pounds. WHITE. 516 Mission.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
goods; new, 2d hand. Smith Co., 627 Mission.
SCALE, safe, coffee-mill, desk, letter press,
cheap, at 621 Mission st. .
J. R. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; teL So. 787.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second hand; all !
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, 8. F.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission St.. nr. Seventh, j
BICYCLES. \
810 sacrifice in second-hand bicycles; first
come, first served. JOSEPH lIOLLB, Twen-
tieth and Folsom sts. |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 28, 1898.
HOISES TO LET.
AT 715 Sutter, near Taylor — Unsurpassable for
doctor or dressmaker; workroom 25x35; choice
for business and residence combined.
BAY-WINDOW house, 4 rooms and basement;
210H Perry st. : rent $12 50; water free. Apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT 8-room houses ; Sixth aye., bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake Its.; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL, 628 Market Bt.
ELLIS, 1472, near Buchanan— 6 r. and b. and
planked basement
FURNISHED house to let; C rooms and bath.
GEORGE W. P. PATTERSON. 1957 Market.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. nr. Webster— lo r. and
b. ; modern Improvements; $50.
OAK, 421— Stylish Eastlake residence, 8 rooms
and bath; latest Improvements; $35.
SHOTWELL. 527H— House 6 rooms; closets;
modern conveniences; rent reasonable. Apply
531%.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$15 — 7-ROOM house and bath; furnished or un-
furnished. 137 Julian aye., off Sixteenth and
Mission sts.
$25— 8-STORY house; 7 rooms and hath. 113
Olive aye., nr. Polk., bet. Ellis and O'Farrell.
$25— HOUSE 7 rooms, bath; cellar, yard. 483
Halght st.
$25 — HOUSE of 10 rooms, bath; garden; base-
ment; sunny belt. 109 Cumberland St.. be-
tween li'th and 20th, Guerrero and Dolores.
$60— ELEGANT corner house; 10 rooms, bath
and basement; hot-air heaters throughout.
425 Baker St.. or. Grove; call bet. 10 and 4.
FIRNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
A GENTLEMAN having a nine-room furnished
house near city desires a tenant who would
board him in exchange for rent. Address
box 280, Call office.
HANDSOME furnished residence, modern sun-
ny, drainage location. 8 rooms, etc.; rent. $75;
one year lease. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market.
COTTAGES TO LET.
NEWLY renovated cottages, 6 rooms, bath;
basement; yard; cheap. 1576 15th, nr. Dolores.
TWO cottages, 4 and 5 rooms, 153-155 Erie Bt.,
near Folsom, fcetween Thirteenth and Four-
teenth; rent to suit times. Apply on premises.
FLATS TO LET.
A— HOWARD, 1720, NW. cor. Erie, nr. Thlr^
teenth — 7 rooms; choice; sunny; $25; water
free; key at 1722 Howard; appreciated if been.
AS elegant flat 7 rooms and bath, $35. 625 Post
street.
AT 1703 Scott. NW. cor. Sutter— € big rooms:
choice; sunny; $25; water free; appreciated if
seen; key at corner, 2300 Sutter st.
BUSH, 1307— Flat, 4 rooms, 1 alcove, bath; rent
J2'. Apply 12118 Bush st.
ELEGANT new modern corner upper flat ma-
rine view, 7 rooms; rent $35. 143S Jackson st.
FLAT 5 rijpms, bath; large yard and stable.
Twenty-fourth Bt. and Tieat aye.
FLAT of 3 rooms. 2G4 Harriet St., between
Harrison and Bryant, Sixth and Seventh.
FLAT — 3 sunny rooms and basement. 229 Olive
aye.
FOLSOM. 930. bet. sth and 6th— s r. and b. ; $14.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
FULTON, 118— Fine sunny middle fiat, 7 rooms
and bath; near City Hall; $28.
GEARY. 1917—4 nice rooms; bath; toilet; cellar,
yard; furnished hall; gaa; $18; water free.
HOWARD. 852— Brick bldg; 5 r. and b. ; $25.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery' st.
LEAVENWORTH. 1513— Flat of 5 rooms; mod-
ern Improvements; rent $16.
MCALLISTER. 1723, nr. Broderick— B r. and b. ;
rent $25. ASHTON CO., 411 Montgomery st.
NEW sunny flats, 6 and 7 rooms; latest Im-
provements. ' 1144 Golden Gate aye., near
Webster st.
PAGE, 472, near Webster— Handsome flat 7
rooms; latest improvements; rent reasonable;
references required.
PAGE, 454— 3 sunny rooms, bath; furnished or
unfurnished; rent low; Inquire 9 to 12.
SIXTH. E3BA— Upper Bat 5 rooms; bath; large
yard; rent $13; water free.
STORE and 4 rooms; also flats, 4 rooms and
bath; rent $12 and $13. 1463, 1465. 1487 and
1475 Fifteenth St.
BUNNY hay-window S rooms, bath, basement.
19 Hampton pi. off Folsom st., bet. 2d and 3d. i
SUPERIOR down-town fiats. 7 and 9 rooms; I
strictly modern; sun In every room; large 1
closets: natural wood finish. 813 and 817 Hyde.
SUTTER. 161 SB. nr. Octavla— T r. and b.; fM.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
VALENCIA, 469, nr. 16th— 6 r. and b. ; rent~sl6"
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gontery st.
$15 — 2 NEW upper modern sunny flats, 5 rooms i
and bath. 2C6S Twenty-second St., nr Bryant.
2 HfNNY Mats 4 rooms; rent f 1 find »:>. *A and
23 Dearborn St., off 17th, above Valencia.
C-ROOM flat to let; furniture for sale; modern; j
low rent. Box 453, Call office.
$14— SUNNY flat 5 rooms. 724 Harrison St.,
between Third anrl Fourth.
ROOMS FOB HOUSEKEEPING.
BUCHANAN. 602, corner Fell-Sunny bay-
windows and kitchens: other rooms, $G to $9.
EDDY, 917— Nicely furnished sunny connecting
housekeeping rooms; second floor; gas range.
EIGHTH, I" I*—Bedroom1 *— Bedroom and kitchen for house-
kef-ping; rent reasonable.
EIGHTH, 240--2 nice lipht sunny rooms; house,
keeping; wash room and bath; $10. ,
FIFTH, 348—2 rooms furnished for housekeep-
ing; rent cheap.
FOLSOM. 306— A large sunny front room un-
furnished for housekeeping.
GEARY, 1012— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
complete for housekeeping; bath.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1200— Sunny furnished
basetnent; complete for housekeeping; private.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness— Elegant sunny
2 and 3 room suites, with gas range.
HARRISON. 731—4 rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping; laicre yard; rent $15.
HOWARD, 762— Furnished housekeeping rooms,
large yard; also other; single, 75c week.
HOWARD. 11254— Sunny front suite; water;
stoves; bath; $10 and $11 50 per month.
HOUSEKEEPING double parlors] kitchen^
hath, gas; new house. "' Oak st.
LAFAYETTE, 31. between Eleventh and
Twelfth — 4 housekeeping rooms; rent $12.
MINNA, f.46— To let, furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
MISSION. 561, near Second — Large front room
and kitchen furnished for housekeeping; also
single rooms for housekeeping.
MISSION, 868— Two large furnished housekeep-
ing rooms: sunny; convenient.
MISSION, 1219— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms, complete.
OAK. 119—1 small front room, furnished for
light housekeeping for 2, $6.
PINE, 704— Sunny front suite furnished: stove,
folding bed; water; $12 50; front room $9.
POLK, 522— Front sunny connecting unfur-
nißhed eulte; also single room; nice and quiet.
POLK, 605— Large sunny neat alcove room and
kitchen; large closets at back; gas bath.
POWELL, 944^ — Rooms for housekeeping; also
single rooms for gentlemen.
SIXTH, 244— Front sunny housekeeping rooms,
furnished complete; Tent reasonable.
S('UTH PARK, 184—2 large sunny rooms nicely
furnished for housekeeping.
SUTTER, 1148— Front suite; also 2 or 3 very
nice rooms for light housekeeping; gas and
bath.
TAYLOR, 246—2 unfurnished, rooms, with bath.
TI'KK, 543- -Large front mom: stove; complete
for housekeeping; gas and bath; $10.
TWF.NTY-KIRST. 3331, near Valencia— Sunny
furnished room for housekpg; nice location.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMsT
LOWER floor; 3 clean sunny rooms; separate
entrance; nice grounds; i-entral. fi!s 15th st.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT 52 Second-Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; week, $1 to $2 50; day, 25 to 50c.
A- SELECT home Hotel Florence 102 Ellis,
cor. Powell; elevator; baths; best attention.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St.; trunks
moved to any part of city. 25c; tel. Main 4*.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
eunny rooms, en suite and single; nrst-claa*
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 60» HydeT Sutter 715-717-719, 839H and Mason
407— Choice; sunny; reasonable; investigate.
AT 147 Powell, 211 o'Farrell— Rooms by the
day, week or month; very reasonable.
AT 418 O'Farrell— Nice sunny rooms, single
and en suite; $7 up; everything first-class.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
O-jiet house; baths, gas; very reasonable.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Two blocks from princi-
pal hotels; newly furnished; all conveniences.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
CLIFFORD, 204, Ellis cor. Mason— Sunny suits
and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1433 Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $3. $10 mo.
EDDY, llS— Pleasant front suite; 2 beds; other
clean, sunny rooms; $6 up; quiet. ■
EDDY, SlS— Newly furnished sunny suite and
single rooms from $4 up. •
ELLIS. 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents. $1 50 to $8 week.
FIFTH, Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let. ■
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— week and up;
nice, clean, sunny single and double rooms.
FULTON, 510B— Front and back parlor; splen-
did Tor physician or housekeeping rooms;
reasonable.
GEARY, 556— Elegant suite parlors, hot and
cold water, piano; other rooms; light house-
keeping. ;
GEARY, 622— Lovely sunny bay-window room;
hot and cold water; also nice single room.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GIRARD House, cor, Howard and 7th— Nice
sunny rms. ; also housekpng. ; very reasonable.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE AYE., 336 — Nicely furnished
front sunny rooms en suite or single.
GRAND SOUTHERN, S. E. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GRANT AYE., 17— Suite of rooms with use of
kitchen. _________ *
HANCOCK House, 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
| HYDE. 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Unfurnished
sunny corner suites; running water, bath and
gas; first-class every respect; terms reaanble.
JONES. Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms reasonable; gas, water, bath; central.
LARKIN, 327, cor. Golden Gate— sunny
room, $7; also housekeeping suite; gas stove.
MCALLISTER, Nicely furnished single
and double rms.; reasonable; opp. City Hall.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week.
MISSION, 1430— large sunny furnished bay-
window room; also single room; rent reason-
able.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator, electric lights, day, week or month.
SACRAMENTO, 1305— rooms; yard, sun;
rent $7.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TAYLOR Terrace, 2, bet. Union and Filbert—
j 3 nice sunny rooms: low rent.
TURK, 126— Nicely furnished room suitable for
gentleman; $5 per month; private and quiet.
TURK. Large front sunny room for an
office; also housekeeping.
TURK, Furnished sunny rooms; front par-
lor; gas and bath; reasonable.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States, postpaid, for $1 .*" a year.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
FIRST-CLASS board, home cooking, $20 month;
special rates for gents; references. 822 Bush.
FOLSOM, Swedish private bearding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; r.tce location.
HYDE, 1105(Hotel Victoria)— sunny rooms;
bath, gas, telephone; with breakfast, $10 mo.
NICE sunny furnished rooms, suitable for two,
with board, $20 month, in respectable family.
618 Fillmore st.
PINE, 910 Sunny rooms; home cooking: baths
and running water; fine location; terms very
reasonable.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
THE HEATH, 312 Eddy— Select family board-
ing house; first-class all appointments; hot
water every room; home cooking; terms mod.
THE Blnßham, 807 California— Sunny rooms
with good board; reasonable; home cooking.
VALENCIA. 1070— The Irving will be opened
the Ist of August as a first-class family
boarding-house, with bright, sunny rooms;
furnished or unfurnished; with large grounds;
In warm belt of Mission: reasonable terms.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
FRENCH lady boards children or Infant;
mother's rare; nice home. - 1107 Clay -at-
STORES TO LET.
CITY Hall square, 17— Large light store: $50.
ASHT«>N & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
$11— STORE, fixtures, 3 (sunny living rooms; j
kitchen adjoining. 1008 Natoma st., near 11th.
TURK. 422. near Larkin— Store: $16. ASHTON
& GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1154— Store; 4 rooms;
suitable for a barber shop.
STORE, fixtures, showcase; suitable for candy
and bakery: 4 living rooms in rear; rent rea-
sonable. IMS Polsom st.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Light cheerful offices, $15 to $20.
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union building—
Elegant offices for rent.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladies— only .>r. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women; i
PO years' practice; safe and quick cure. guar-
anteed; any diseases or irro-ularlty; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and. aid; sure relief, I
though else fail: delica^v, privacy, home, j
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no |
' delay: self-cure sent; call or write: free: con- j
fldenUal. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market
St.; pills. $1; very strong, $2; cure, $5.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours: safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no Instruments used:
travelers helped at once; home in confine- j
ment; every case guaranteed; consultation
free and confidential; self cure. $3: pills, $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 20S Turk St.. near Jones.
ALL of Dr. Foulefs capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive: price, $1 60 per box. sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye.. S. F. A — Before pur-
ohaslng elsewhere write us.
DR. WISE, late of Bellevue Hospital. N. V. ;
offices. Hackmeier Hotel, 123 Eddy St.; hours
9 to 11, 2 to 5 and 6 to 8; consult him for
treatment on all diseases peculiar to women;
patients assured first-class medical attend-
ance, besides enjoying privacy of home with
experienced lady attendants; strictest confi-
dence maintained all cases; consultation free.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or instru-
ments used: restores in one day without fall;
every woman her own physician: away dis-
grace; consultation free; can be sent and used
at home: pills and capsules. $1: cure. $3; by
the well-known DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny st.
LADIES. Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; rafe, reliable; take
no other; send 4o stamps for particulars,
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-,
ever cause; no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped instantly :
home for patients; consult free: confidential.
DR. AND MRS. KOHL. M 22 Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
$160: RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 681 X st., Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate: Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe! cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. : don't dalay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
LADIES ' wishing secrecy during confinement
can-find good home & treatment by Mrs. Karr,
2514 Fulton St.; McAllister car passes house.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife: home in confine-
ment.; confinement alone, $5. 156 Second St.'?}'
DR. HALL, 1223 Market St., diseases of women
and children. ...
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work I
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 CO; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, • discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $3 up; fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market St., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and filling a
specialty; gas given. ;., -. : ■;-
PAINLESS filling a specialty. DRB. PERRY
& CHRISTIE, 8 Mason St.. cor. Market. '::
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
New York ' dentists. 969 Mission, cor. Sixth.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG, ; 1841 Polk st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE BY^RD_R^DF~MORTGAGEE.
O'FARRELL, NEAR OCTAVIA.
$7,500— A nice modern home; contains 10
rooms, bath, etc.; extra large lot; runs
through to retar street.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
BUSINESS PROPERTY^
$7,500-MiSßion st; large lot, 35x130; new im-
provements, consisting of store and flats, 6
and 7 rooms; all rented for $65.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
$7,7so— Rent $70; Fulton st, near Laguna; lot
27:6x120; 2 houses of 6 rooms and bath and
basement; also two flats on rear street.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
CHEAP COTTAGE.
$I.soo— Very easy terms; good cottage of 5
rooms and bath; street work done; close to
Guerrero street electric cars.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
MAKE AN OFFER.
Flllniore st business property; $16,500; stores
and flats, on best part of the street; lot 50
feet front; pays over 9 per cent.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
BIG INTEREST.
$2,3oo— Rent $30; Shipley st. near Fourth; 3
flats, 4 rooms each; make offer.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
A— sB,soo; RENT $80; 3 handsome new flats of
6 rooms each, just completed: Baker st, close
to Park entrance; good location; large lot.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
A— s3,ooo; RENT $32; lot 25x120; Fourth aye,
near Clement st; 2 good flats Of 5 rooms each.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery Bt.
PRICE $27,500.
RENT $222.
Splendid improvements; stores and flats;
large corner; two prominent streets in West-
ern Addition.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
$22,000— GEARY st, near Jones; good 3-story
building, under secured lease, which has 2^4
years to run; large lot; rent $175.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery Bt.
HANDSOME WESTERN ADDITION.
GREAT SACRIFICE.
$r<r,no— Foreclosure sale of a splendid modern
residence of 15 rooms, 2 baths, etc.; very com-
plete; large lot, 27:6x137; good marine view;
Green st. near Devisadero.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery Bt.
$S,SOO— SCOTT near Fell: 2 new bay window
flats, 5 and 7 rooms; rent $.'0; lot 27:6x30.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER
ROOM A, First Floor,
Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS~FOR PARK LOTS!
EXPERT JUDGES BUY PROPERTY NOW!
BARGAINS NOW! ' PROFITS LATER!
$100, $150 to $250; level bulldlnv? lots near
Mission-street electric cars; only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS J.OTS!
$400, $450 to $Ssoi officially graded; superb
view; $20 down, $10 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$400, $450 to $750: choicest Richmond building
lots; street graded and sewered; $25 down,
$10 monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room A, Crocker building.
TWO well-paying houses on leased ground for
sale reasonable; fine location. 1335 Market.
FOR SALE— Twenty-first Ft., near Bryant; 7-
room cottage; open Sunday from 1 to 4 p. m.
J. FLAHERTY, builder, 1207 Market, nr. Bth.
$650 WILL build . 4-room bay-window cottage
complete; will call. SALSBURY, Builder,
621 X st. Sunset District.
PLANS, specifications, etc., pubmitted for any
kind of building. W. W. RtDNALL. builder.
13C6 Hayes.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
BRING along whnt you have to exchange for
the following properties; all good and free
from incumbrance; will assume mortgage:
410 acres In Fresno County
100 acres In Kern County
120 aoree in San Diego County
SO acres In Oregon
160 acres In Kansas
40 acres 12 miles from Los Angeles
32 city lots in Olympia City, Or
Call or address 455 Seventh st , Oakland.
H. Z. JONES, Owner.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'R Business College, 24 Post st— Book-
kpf, ing, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since ISS2; catalogue.
NEW assortment of catchy comedy pieces and
latest w^r recitations for parlor, platform or
stage use, taught by Mrs. Kineaid at her
School of Elocution nnd Expression. Alcazar
building. 120 O'FarreU st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
Individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week nnd month.
MR. AND MRS. DICKINSON'S Academy. 1247
Franklin st.; co-educational boarding and day
school; complete English, French, German
and Spanish education, art, $30.
UNIVERSITY Coast— Newell Perry, Ph.B.TFel-
low in Mathematics, U. C, 2407 S. Atherton,
nr. Charming way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve. ;
est. 1564. VAX J'KK NAILLEN, 933 Market.
DON'T waste time on forms; practical lessons
tn bookkeeping and arithmetic. Address box
'441. Call office. \
PIANO, organ, violin, guitar, mandolin; GOc
per lesson: at pupil's home; reference. Box
448. Call office.
PIANO and German lessons, 75c; pupil of Con-
servatory in Leipslc. 110 Hyde St.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary st.
SHORTHAND taught In 1 month; references;
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
3-iT "ha TBS sf.^Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
TYPEWRITERS.
NEW Hammond, $85; Caligraph, $15; Yost $25;
get sample work. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery.
ALL typewriters Bold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap: send for samples and
pri.-fs. AI.KXAXI'KR-CO., UP Montgomery,
CO-PARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
CERTIFICATE of copartnership— We, the un-
dersigned, hereby certify that we constitute
a partnership, transacting the business of
buying, selling and dealing In hides, pelts,
furs and tallow in the State o.f California;
that the principal place of said buelness Is at
the City and County of San Francisco In said
State of California, and that the name of
eald partnership Is STRAI'SS & ROUX, and
that the names In full of all the members of
said partnership are ARTHUR S. STRAUSS
and FRANK ROUX, and that the place of
residence of said ARTHUR S. STRAUSS Is
at the City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, and that the place of
residence of said FRANK ROUX ia aJso at
eald City and County of San Francisco, State
of California,
Dated, San Francisco, July 19, A. D. IS9B.
ARTHUR S. STRAUSS,
FRANK ROUX.
Btate of California, City and County of
San Francisco, ss.
On the nineteenth day of July, in the year
one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight
before me, M. GREEN BLATT, a notary
public In and for the said City and County,
residing therein, duly commissioned and
sworn, personally appeared ARTHUR S.
STRAUSS and FRANK ROUX, known to
me to be the persons described in, whose
name* are subscribed to and who executed
the annexed instrument, and they severally
acknowledged that they executed the same.
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed my official seal, at my
office In the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, the day and year in this certificate
nrst above written.
[Notarial Seal.] M. GREENBLATT,
Notary Public, in and for the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California.
Indorsed: Filed July 20, 1898.
C. F. CURRY, Clerk.
By N. E. MAISON, Deputy Clerk.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NO. 2720. State of California— ln the Superior
Court in and for the City and County of San
Francisco (Department Ten).
In the matter of the petition of IDA M
SCOOFFY for the perpetuation of testimony.
In the above entitled special proceeding no-
tice is hereby given that under a» order of the
presiding judge of said court, fiated July 6
A. D. 1898, and on the application of the above
named petitioner, IDA M. SCOOFFY, on
THURSDAY, September 8, A. D. 1898. before
J. P. SULLIVAN, Notary Public, at his office,
on the fourth floor of the Parrott building,
situated on. the south side of Market street
between Fourth and Fifth streets, in the said
city and county of San Francisco, State of
California, commencing at the hour of 10
o'clock a. m. on said date, the testimony of
HIRAM HURT COOK and of WALTER HER-
BERT ( OOK in the said special proceeding
will h". taken.
The object of the said special proceeding is to
perpetuate the testimony of the said witnesses
in relation to the lot and premises, thirty
(30) feet front by sixty (60) feet in depth sit-
uated on the west side of Taylor street, be-
tween Pacific and Broadway streets, in said
city and county, and numbered one thousand
five hundred and forty-one (1541), on Taylor
street.
For further Information reference Is hereby
made to the petition and order aforesaid.
IDA M. SCOOFFY, Petitioner.
Dated San Francisco, "July 6, A. D. 1898.
~i I* ■> COUNTRY REAL STATE.
AN income home in Santa Crua Mountains; 3
miles from Ben Lomond; 20 acres orchard:
berries; running water; all can be irrigated
If desired; house of 4 rooms, barn horse,
tools, chickens, etc.; price $1800. BOODY _
SLAVEN. Mills building, 29, second floor.
GOOD Income home in Novato, 12 acres,
water; cheap. WM. BAUER, •- Novato, Ma-
rin Co.
HOMESTEAD CLAIM, 160 acres, choice; must
sell; $75. Sixth floor. Room 11 Mill's Bldg.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$75 UPWARD; lots in the Allendale Tract, East
Oakland; $5 cash, $5 monthly.
$450 for a 4-room cottage; terms to suit.
$125 upward— in Gallndo Tract, East
Oakland; nothing like these lots for double the
money anywhere; but a few left and must be
sold; fine schoolhouse; 2 electric car lines;
streets all graded and macadamized; city water
and sewer; nice homes surrounding. Call or
send for circular, 455 Seventh st., cor. Broad-
way. Oakland. H. Z. JONES, owner.
WILL be sold; new modern 7-room house;
large lot: everything up to date; will rent
to pay 12 per cent on Investment; opposite
school in Elmhurst. Write or call on T. B.
DRAPER, owner. In house.
J. CALLAGHAN, real estate dealer, notary
public: property looked after. 814 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
RESIDENCE: 9 rooms; bath; barn; large lawn;
tennis court; conservatory; :ent cheap; cen-
tral; 689 24th St.. nr. Grove. Apply owner, R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle Fact.. 1822 Owe.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
SUNNY rooms with board; quiet neighborhood;
near local trains. 1020 Adeline St., Oakland.
ALL conveniences; new furniture; housekeeping
or single; board optional; $3 month up. 170
Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE. ~~~~ •
FIRST COME, FIRST SEr.VED.
-UST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700. $1800, $2200. $2600. $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of Installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools
and stations.
We are going to weed them out, and Invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market st.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
_______________
ALAMEDA BARGAINS.
$1300— Lot 33:4x100; neat house; 4 rooms and
bath; any terms.
$1500— Lot 25x150; nice house; 5 rooms and
bath: any terms.
$2200— 25x147; nice new shingled 2-story
house; 6 rooms and bath.
$1500 — Lot 40x100; 2-story; 7 rooms; worth
$2500.
$2800— 42x150: elegant new modern cottage;
7 rooms and bath; up-to-date.
$3000— Lot 42x150; fine NW. corner; 7 rooms
and bath; new and modern.
Lot 100x145; elegant corner lot, with 9 rooms
and bath, stable, fruit trees, etc.
All well located; near school and station;
street work done. Apply at once to
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
Houses to let. 1432 Park st., Alameda.
ALAMEDA — Fine home for sale or exchange
for San Francisco property, or would lease to
good tenant for 1 or 2 years; rent $50; house 9
rooms, attic, basement, gas and electric
lights throughout; large grounds. See owner
at 1439 Morton st., Alameda,
FOR sale Immediately, cheap, house and lot
85x115; 5 rooms and bath; all new Improve-
ments; 2 blocks from Grand-st. Station; 1825
Pacific aye.. Alameda. GEO. SCHNEIDER.
Alnmedß. : » --. ■
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED modern house, 7 rooms and re-
ception hall: right party cheap; owner going
East. 137S Weber St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GREAT Bargains— 8-room house, lot 60x
137:6, rented for $22; 1 block from station; also
6-room cottage, $1360. FREESE & CODING-
TON. 2119 Stanford place, opp. Berkeley Sta.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions: no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission at., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st.; tel. Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos, without
removal; money quick; confidential; no com-
mission; lowest Interest. Room 6S, 1170 Mar-
ket st.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6^ per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery rra. 3.
SECOND mortgages & undivided interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market St.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest rates;
no commission; private. 116 McAllister st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
i any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken. ■■
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Jeremiah Sullivan and Lizzie Shields 42-33
Otto F. W. Warm and Agnes M. Englert.. 34-25
Miguel Gama and Lucia M. Camcho 23-18
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BATTU— this city, July 26. IS9B, to the wife
of H. Battu, a daughter.
MAGEE-In this city, July 26, 1898. to the
wife of F. B. Magee, a daughter.
RUTLEDGE— JuIy 26, IS9S, to the wife of D.
Kutlodge, a son.
SCHMIDT— JuIy 25, 1898, to the wife of E.
Schmidt, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BALDWIN— SCHAFFER— In this city, July 20,
IS9B, by Judge J. E. Barry. Marshall S. Bald-
win and Mollle Schaffer.
LACY— MURPHY— In Golden Gate, by the
Rev. Father Serda, Thomas F. Lacy ' and
Helen F. Murphy, both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Aman. Jacob Lancel, Bile B.
Bell. Robert Levy, Rachel
Berry, Francis McCabe, James
Berry. James P. McCarthy, Kate
Buthmann. Julius L. McDonald, Angus
Cagney, Margaret McSweeney, Eugene
Carberry, Robert . Macgregor, David
Cosgrove, Hannah Murphy, Alfred D.
Crowley, Daniel F. O'Leary, Fergus
Dettelback Henrietta Severin, Theodore P.
Devers, John G. Sinclair, ! May L.
Follett, George A. Stolte. Johann W.
Graham, Martha S. Stroble, Henry C. T.
Holland. Leo Thomas, William H.
Jellison, : Arthur M. Ulman. Adele
Jones, George F. Wagner, Louise
Keenan, Bernard R. Weldon, Hazel
Klingler, Marie L. Whalen, James
AMAN— In the City and County Hospital,
July 26, 1898, Jacob Aman, a native of Switz-
, erland, aged 67 years.
BELL— ln*thlB city, July 27, IS9S, Robert Bell,
a native of Ireland, aged 71 years 9 months
and 10 days.
BERRY— In San Leandro, July 26, 1898, Fran-
cis, son of Francis J. and Katherine Berry,
a native of California, aged 3 days.
ICTThe funeral will take place this . day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of Dlerks & Maass, 957 Mission
street, between Fifth! and Sixth. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BERRY— the City and County Hospital,
July 27. 1898, James Preston Berry, a native
of Virginia, aged 69 years.
BUTHMANN— In San Rafael, July 27. IS9B.
Julius L. Buthmann, a native of Neumun-
; ster. Holstein. Germany, aged 31 years 6
months and 5 days.
CAGNEY— In this city, July 27. 1898, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Tim M. Cagney. and
dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Annie Crelgh-
ton, a native of Kllloscully, County Tipper-
ary. Ireland. ".:•' .
Friends and acquaintances and officers
and companions of Sherwood Circle No. 123,
C. of F.. are respectfully invited to : attend
the funeral to-morrow '(Friday), at 9:30
o'clock, from her late residence. 408 Minna
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ' . ■ r
CARBERRY— this city, July 29, 1998, Rob-
ert, beloved brother of , Carmac and Patrick
Carberry. a native of Ireland, aged 48 years.
TWfrgJ.-^JUMI'IWI^nhi/IUI lHTlli_.«i*lMi l >f W'»«i< Ulli If 111 ..fc I lll»l( HWitl in 'I IH MlHlll
COSGROVn— In this city. July 26, 1898, Han-
nah, wife of John T. Cosgrove, a native ol
Buffalo, N. V., aged 4S years and 10 months.
CROWLEY— In this city. July 27. 1898. Daniel
F., beloved husband of Margaret Crowley, a
native of County Cork. Ireland, aged 60 yean
6 months and 25 days. (New Bedford, Mass.,
papers please copy.)
fCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 30 Johnson avenue, off Point Lobos,
thence to Star of the Sea Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated foi
the repose of his soul, commencing at i
o'clock. . Interment National . (Presidio)
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
DETTELBACK— In this city, July 26, 1898,
Henrietta, beloved wife or Morris Dettel-
back. a native of Germany, aged 73 yean I
morfths and 19 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlor*
of H. C. Bunker & Co., 2666 Mission street,
near Twenty-third. Interment Home ol
Peace Cemetery, by train leaving Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets at 11:40 o'clock.
DEVERS— Oakland, July 26, 1898, John Ger-
ald, beloved son of Mrs. K. and the late
Morton Devers, a native of Chicago, 111., aged
24 years.
FOLLETT— Mlssoula, Mont., July 21. 1898,
George A., beloved son of Mrs. P. A. Follett,
and brother of Edwin E. Follett. a native ol
Colorado, aged ID years 5 months and 21
days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this daj
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the private
parlors of the California Undertaking Com-
pany, corner of Geary and Stockton streets.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11 \t\
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
• streets.
GRAHAM— In this city, July 27, 1898, Martha
S., beloved wife of Adams S. Graham, mothei
of John E. and Myron W. Littlefield. and
grandmother of Frank Llttlefleld. a native
of Newton Upper Falls, Mass., aged 61
years 3 months and 13 days.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 12:15 o'clock, from Trinity M. E.
Church, corner Sixteenth and Market streets.
Interment private, in Mountain View Ceme-
tery, Oakland.
HOLLAND— In this city, July 26, 1898, Leo,
beloved and youngest son of the late James
and Catherine Holland, and beloved brothel
of Thomas and Charles Holland and Mrs.
Zada Thompson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 13 years.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this das
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlon
of Gantner & Guntz Undertaking' Company,
8 and 10 City Hall square, thence to St.
Peter's Church, Alabama street, near Twenty-
fourth, for services, commencing at 1 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
JELLISON— JuIy 27, IS9B, Arthur M. Jellison,
aged 44 years 4 months and 17 days.
C?The funeral will be held to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, at Odd Fellows' Hall.
Please omit flowers.
JONES— In this city, July 26, 1898, George F..
dearly beloved son of the late Thomas and
Mary Jones, brother of Mrs. G. Darius and
Katherine, Lillie and the late Joseph Jones,
and nephew of Mrs. A. McCormlck. a native
of San Francisco, aged -29 years 8 months
and 2 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, neat
Eighth.
KEENAN— In this city, July 26, IS9B, Bernard
R., beloved husband of Mary Keenan, and
father of Ala, Joseph B. and Thomas R. Kee-
nan, a native of Ireland, aged 63 years.
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1210 Clay street, thence to St.
Mary's Church (Paulists'), where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
KLINGLER— In Ocean View. July 26, 1898,
Marie Louisa, dearly beloved and only daugh-
tre of Fred and Louisa Klingler, and sister
of Freddie. Charlie and Joseph Klingler, a
native of San Francisco, aged 2 months and
29 days.
[C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, Ocean View. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. ' ■/ :1: 1
LANCEL -In Prescott. Ariz.. July 23. 1888.
Elie 8., beloved husband of Zanella Elliot
Lancel, and son of Melanie H. and the lat«
Ansel me Lancel, a native of California, aged
24 years 5 months and 6 days.
LEVY— Williams, Colusa County, July 26.
1898, Rachel, beloved wife of Dave Levy, and
daughter of Mrs. L. Levin, a native of Ger-
many, aged 37 years.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Bervlce*
this day (Thursday), at 10:15 o'clock, at th«
residence of her mother, 828 Eddy street.
Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by
11:30 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.-)'. • ,*; • — ...._» .^__f^-
McCABE— this city, July 26, 1898. at his rest-
dence 1013% Folsom street, James, beloved
son of Mary and the late Michael McCabe,
and brother of Susie and Minnie McCabe, a
native of- San Francisco, aged 25 years I
months and 9 days.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1013% Folsom street, thence to. St.
Patrick's Church for services, commencing at
2 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
MCCARTHY— In this city. July 23, 1898, Kate,
dearly beloved wife of Thomas McCarthy,
mother of James and Thomas McCarthy, sis-
ter of Garrett Stack, and aunt of Daniel.
Garrett, Lizzie and the late Edward Mc-
Sweeney, Mrs. Thomas Reardon and Mrs.
William Colgan, a native of County Cork,
Ireland, aged 51 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McDONALD— Oakland, July 26, 1893, Angus
Raymond McDonald, a native of La Crosse.
Wis., aged 31 years.
McSWEENEY— In Manila, on U. B. 8. Bos-
ton June 16. 1898, Eugene A., beloved son of
Julia and the late Daniel McSweeney, and
brother of Ed 8., Daniel, Ambrose and Mary
L McSweeney, Sisters Patricia and Aloyslus,
O. S. D.. and Mrs. C. Wlnelow, a native of
San Francisco, aged 25 years.
i(C7A requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at Sacred Heart
Church, corner Fell and Flllmore streets,
to-morrow (Friday), at 9 o'clock.
M\CGREGOR-In this city. July 26. 1898. Da-
vid beloved husband of Emma M. Maegregor,
father of Cecile H. Macgregor. and brother
of Mrs. John G. Gilchrist. a native of Sterl-
ing, Scotland, aged 68 years.
[brThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1124 Jackson street. Friends are re-
spectfully Invited. Interment private.
MURPHY— In this city, July 26, IS9B, Alfred
D., youngest child of Denis and the late
Minnie Murphy, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years and 7 months.
try The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 204 Octavia street. Interment
private. this city, July 26, 1898, Fergus
O'LEARY— In this city, July 26. 1898. Fergus
O'Leary. a native of Liscannor, County
Clare, Ireland, aged 77 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BEVERIN— In Honolulu. H. 1.. July IS, IS9B,
Theodore P. Severin, dearly beloved son of
Mrs. B. Amark of San Francisco, and brother
of Frank Anton Severln of Honolulu, Mrs.
' H Pankow. Mrs. William Ludwigsen. Mrs.
Max Duenow, Fred Amark and Mrs. C. . H.
Kaul of San Francisco, aged 86 years.
SINCLAIR— In this city, July 25. 1898. at the
French Hospital, May Laura Sinclair, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 31 years 10
months and 27 days. ','.>,*
try Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Thursday), at 1
o'clock, from the rooms of N. Gray & Co.,
641 Sacramento street. Interment private.
STOLTE— Fruitvale, July 27. 1898, Johann
William, -Infant son of Fredlnand and Char-
lotte Stolte. a native of Fruitvale, Alameda
County, Cai:, aged 1 month and 21 days.
STROBLE— In Haywards, July 26, 1898, Henry
Christian Theodore, beloved husband of Sarah
Stroble, and father of Charles W.. Vincent
J and Mary R. Stroble, a native of Germany,
aged 64 years 3 months and 27 days.
cyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend Jhe funeral this da*-
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellow*
Hall In Haywards. Interment Lone Tree
Cemetery. .
THOMAS— In this city, July 87, 1898, William
H Thomas. Esq., brother of F. F. Thomas.
Esq., a native of New York, aged 67 years.
(New Orleans papers please copy.)
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
ULMAN— In this city, July 26. 1898, Adele Ul-
man, beloved mother of Mrs. S. Harowit«,
Mrs Carrie Meyer, Mrs. S. Levy and Leon.
Ernest and Victor R. Ulman, a native of
Alsace. Germany, aged 74 years.
IT?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 2412 Sacramento street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:80 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
WAGNER— In this city, - July ■ 27, 1898, Louise
Wagner, beloved mother of Edward L. and
Ferdinand Wagner, a native 'of Cannes,
France, aged 80 years 8 months and 16 days.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) at 1:30 o'clock, from. the residence
of her son. Edward L. Wagner, 1916 Green
street, near Lagruna.
WELDON— In this city, July 27, 1898, Hazel,
beloved daughter of Mrs. Cora Weldon. a
native of San Francisco, aged 2 years and
1 month. . ■
WHALEN— In the City and County Hospital,
July 27. 1898. James Whalen, a native of Ire-
land. aged 65 years. "
McAVOY & GALLAGHER. 1
rUN-BAX, DIRECTORS - EMBALMB&I I
.•"./' »0 I-UTH ST., Opp. Linetla 8«h»»i. j
Telephone, South 80. |
1314
WORK OF A FIEND DISCLOSED BY
A FUSE FOUND IN THE RUINS
FOUR MURDERS
AT THE HERCULES
POWDER WORKS
Explosioo in t\)e Nitro-Glycerine
House Caused by a Wretch
Not Yet Found.
THE DEAD.
JOHN ALVAREZ, lead burner,
married, resident of Pinole, leaves a
widow and four children.
JOHN ASHE, lead burner, single,
resident of Pinole, leaves an unmar
ried sister in Oakland.
PATRICK MURPHY, nitric acid
cook, resident of Pinole, leaves a
widow and four children.
HERBERT STRATTON. carpen
ter, resident of Pinole, leaves a newly
vredded wife.
THE INJURED.
L. P. Evans, worker in nitric acid
department, married, resident of Pin
ole, arm shattered, contusions, flesh
wounds.
Nicholas Welch of Pinole, outside
employ?, right leg broken.
John B. Rice, assistant washhouse
hand, single, knes dislocated and
face cut.
John O'Neill of Pinole, laborer,
single, bruised on several parts of
the body.
R. Bredhoff. married, Pinole, jaw
broken, fßce ~ asn *d, internally in
jured; may r 1 .
J. Brur/ >o, guncotton laborer, sin
gle, ribs broken.
J. Walton, married, one child, side
CERTAIN IT WAS THE
WORK OF A MISCREANT.
I am fully convinced that the fearful catastrophe of this morning was due
to the act of a fiend who wanted to destroy our property. I have carefully
Inspected the piece of fuse that has been found, and I am confident that
It was attached to a percussion cap and that It was this cap that was first
heard. This was evidently placed under the blow cask, ami the effect of its
explosion, a few seconds later, was to explode the blow tank and cause the
first explosion that was heard outside tho works. P earing fire, such, as
follows nearly every explosion, we ordered out the men and started to
clear away the wreck. As they were working they discovered the fuse, and
then came the second explosion that resulted so fatally.
I cannot conceive why anybody should want to harm us, but I feel sure
that such was the case, I do not believe in any fool Etory about a Spanish
spy, but it Is likely that there may be a traitor In our mlast. It is very
clear that it was not his intention to kill anybody, for he took a time for
his misdeed when no one was near enough to have been Injured. He elm
ply wanted to destroy property.
The second explosion was caused by some of the material from tho first
settling on some of the filters. These filters are shallow, zinc-lined troughs,
and they contain bags of common salt, through which the nitrate percolates.
A little sediment remains, and this, in connection with the stuff blown
about by the first explosion, caused the second accident. The nitro-glycer
lne house was closed down yesterday, and we did not intend to open it for
work until we had put in some new machinery. It was nearly empty, and
certainly not more (nan thirty pounds of explosive was contained lii the
whole house. Tho explosion is the smallest we have ever had during the
eighteen years we have been, here, but, unfortunately, the damage to em
ployes is greater than usual. W. R. QUINAN, Superintendent.
I have mß'le a careful lnvrptipatlon, and so far everything points to
: the work of to-day is that of a murderer. I have gone
• men, but when all an- In nurh a state of nervousness it Is difll
any evidence of crime in any particular person. There is
never any use f.ir fuse in the works, and the only reason I can think for its
here la that it was brought here for base purposes. The fuse is now
lon of the Coroner, and I shall pursue my investigations along
the lln^s 1 have indicated. I hear that a man, unknown to anybody em
ployed !n Th~ w< rkp, wus seen around the- neighborhood, and i shall en
deavor t'> lind out who he wmk.
A. R. VEALE, Sheriff of Contra Costa County.
of head crushed in, internal injuries;
may die.
Jerry Collins, married, resides in
San Francisco, injured on the side.
Gus Sandal, chief engineer, widow
er, one child, Pinole, drum, of right
ear fractured.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Scratched
CONSTANTLY
Baby Badly Afflicted with Eczema.
Hands, Face, and Clothes
Covered with Blood.
Face Covered with Large Sores.
. Medical Treatment Useless.
Cured b£ Cutioura.
SKIN NOW SMOOTH AND ROBY.
St
My niece's little b^by boy, two years old,
was so badly afflict*-; with Eczema that bo
needed constant washing- It was all over
bis face, and he scutched the sores con-
, stantly. Mornings, viis clothes would be
■tamed with blood, ;'.id bis face and hands
would be covered. ilia family never could
■ 'take him out, as his ;*>ice was always full of
'• large sores. They had medical treatment, and
; tried everything ■ thej^heard of. She com-
. menced using the Cl-^cba Remedies last
; spring and found that^t last she had a won-
; derful healer. The sor<?i left his face and ho
was entirely enred, arK now his face is as
smooth and rosy as tho&b no sore had ever
been there to mar it. f Mrs. L. J. ROOT,
Feb. 10, 1898. '.New Scotland, N. Y.
CUTICUfiA WORKS WONDERS
In all the world there la no ot^»r treatment to pure, ao
tweet, to apeedily effectlre for d^reuiing akin humor, of
(nfantaaod children a* Cuticcx % CTeatett of akin carea,
blood purifier*, and hnmor *;». They afford tnatant
. relief, permit nat and deep, asiKpolnt to a apeedy, per-
■ Riarjrnt, and economical cure, wl\n the belt plirilciani,
bospiula, aud all elie fall. &
SncsoT Cube Tmatmint. — 'firm bathi with Cptt-
OCBA Soap, gentle uiointlngi «th Ccticdba (oint-
ment}, pare it of emollient ikln <.•«••. and mild doae. of
Cctjcoea Bjisoltsvt, greatest & blood purifier* and
m humor caret. \
■ Bold tbroaghoatthe world. Pot<»« Cbem.
Coup., Bole Prone., Boaton. A
■ . tr <* How to Cure Every Baby J^anor," mailed frei. '
V '-
Dan Neville, single, ear injured.
Gus Stout, carpenter, nerves shat
tered.
John Lucas, married, Martinez, two
children, bruised on several parts of
the body.
F. Walton, single, hand bruised.
K. B. Quinan, assistant chemist, in
jured in lower limbs.
Alexander McCulloug-h, foreman of
the works, arm injured.
E. Healy, ankle dislocated.
Once again the little town of Pinole
Is wrapped in sorrow and its flags are
at half-mast. In four houses death
has again entered suddenly, and for
the first time in the history of its pow
der explosions there Is more than a
suspicion that the catastrophe of yes
terday morning was the work of a
murderous miscreant.
During the eighteen sears since the
powder works were first bttilt, Pinole
has become accustomed to periodical
explosions. The mothers aud children
live In an atmosphere of i.orrible an
ticipation, and as soon as the direful
boom — the sound of which is so well
known — comes over the hill, there Is
but one thought In every mind.
Yesterday morning, not quite a cou
ple of hours after midnight, the awful
H'.UTul was heard for the first time in
three years. Instantly the village was
awake and at the windows and in the
go to the scene, not knowing what they
might find, but believing that their ser
vices would be needed.
As none of them returned, and as
no deaths were reported, it was pre
sumed that the explosion was trivial
and that no one was hurt. With the
coming of daylight, the town was reas
sured and the anxious Wives and
mothers were congratulating them
selves that aJI was well, when a sec
ond and far more terrible concussion
was heard and, instantly Pinole knew
that its worst expectations were real
ized. A few minutes later the truth
was known and when the large flag
that always flies in the center of the
town was only raised half-way, the
universal query was — "Who?"
Shortly before two o'clock yesterday
morning a slight detonation aroused
the sleepers at the Hercules Powder
Works and the officials at once started
out to investigate. Before many seconds
passed there was a loud explosion, that
was heard all over the town a mile
away. The practiced ears of the em
ployes who stay at the works, familiar
with such sound, at once traced its
source to the nitro-glycerine house,
which stands by itself on the extreme
northern edge of the company's prop
erty.
Assistant Superintendent Bermlng
ham mustered a gang of men and at
once started to clear away the wreck
age. Although it was very dark it was
considered inadvisable to wait for day
light, as there is always danger of the
debris taking fire and largely Increas
ing the danger to the surrounding
buildings. The men on the ground were
re-enforced by many who came in from
the town, and probably not less than
seventy-five were working under Su
perintendent Bermingham removing
the wreck an hour after the explosion
occurred. An inspection showed that
the damage had been confined to the
corner of the building occupied by what
is known as the blow-tank. This tank
is a massive iron affair and was blown
to pieces by the force of the explosive
that was within it. The brick founda
tion was also blown out and the under
pinning of the building badly under
mined. Beyond the wrecking of the
blow-tank no groat amount of damage
was done and no one was injured, as
the building was not near any of the
bunk houses.
Just at daybreak a workman named
Dan Frayer discovered a piece of
burned fuse, about four feet long. It
had but recently been burned out and
was in such a position as to suggest
that it had been placed under the blow
tank. Frayer at once called Mr. Berm
ingham to inspect it. and by his re
sponding promptly to the call the as
sistant superintendent saved his life,
for a moment later there was a severe
explosion on the main floor of the nitro
house, and Bermingham and two or
three others who were insDectiiiff the
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THTJESDAT, JULY 28, 1898.
The Wrecked Nitro Glycerine House in Which
Both Explosions Took Place.
fire were knocked down by flying de
bris.
The explosion that proved fatal and
that completed the wrecking of the
nitro house occurred about 5 o'clock.
Its force can only be estimated by the
completeness with which it wrecked
everything- in the vicinity aud the fear
ful havoc and death it dealt out to the
workmen who were nearest to It.
Before thr> smoke and dust had clear
ed away cries of wounded men were
heard from the many places where they
were pinned under the wreck. As the
survivors were returning to the scene,
having naturally run off to a s:ife dis
tance, they found a mass of d<wd hu
manity that was afterward recognized
a.-= that of Patrick Murphy. A little fur
ther, another body, horribly mutilated,
waa found, and whtle they were being
lifted from the mass of timber, iron
and sh«et lead, two other victims were
uneurthed. The four bodies were car
ried up the side of the hill and later
were taken into town by the Coroner,
where an inquest will be held on their
remains next Saturday.
Although tho actual damage to prop
erty is remarkably small, the list of in
jured is larger than in former explo
sions when fifty times the damage done
yesterday was experienced. As such, a
large number of men were at work
when the second explosion occmred, it
The Blow Tank Under Which it Is Supposed the
Fiend Placed the Fuse That Caused the
First Explosion.
Is remarkable that more were not
killed.
The effects of the explosions were
remarkable in many ways and bore
most striking testimony to the erratic
nature of nitro-glycerine ■when ex
ploded. Although a strong iron tank
was twisted in all directions, glass
tubes and globes a few feet away were
not even cracked or disturbed. Al
though doors and stairs were sent a
hundred feet, many panes of glass were
left Intact, Some men were nearer to
the seat of the explosion than others
who were killed.
Frank Battis, proprietor of the Pinole
Times, was a witness of the explosion.
"While I was looking that way there
whs a loud report und a cloud of smoke
shot straight up In the air a distance
of several hundred feet," ho said. "I
saw all sorts of things flying around,
and without waiting for anything fur
ther ran off up the track, as I knew
some of the boys must have been
killed. It came to me like a flnsh when
I heard that a piece of burned fuse had
been found that a strange-looking In
dividual I had seen the evening before
might have been the mun responsible
for the first explosion. I saw him
about 8 o'clock. Instead of taking the
road or the railroad track up toward
the works from Pinole, he sneaked off
across the hills and could easily have
gotten into the powder company's in
closed property without being seen."
The officials of the works, together
with Sheriff Vrale, held a consultation
regarding the origin of the fuse found
near the blow tank.
"It was this fuse," said Assistant
Superintendent Berminghum, "which
destroyed the works. It was found
J this morning just at the east end of
| the mixing house by one of our men
and was given to me. You see that
| the fuse has been burned. But who
used It I don't know. Why he used It I
don't know. You can see what injury
it has done.
"I heard the explosion a little after
half-past 1 o'clock this morning. It
woke me up, and when I was preparing
to come here one of the men told me
what had happened. I came here and
a number of men followed. We went to
work to straighten out the wreck and
were at the job when the second ex
plosion took place. It demolished the
washing house, overturned some of the
washing tubes and shattered the wood
en and leaden tanks. At the time I
was on the hill just ' Immediately east
of the mixing house.
"I was hit on the bark with some
thing. I don't know what it was. It
hurt me a great deal and I feel the
effects of It. If I had been nearer the
washing house I would certainly have
fared worse. I was working where I
I was at the time, otherwise I would
j have been among the men who were i
; injured. I did not have any idea that
the washing house was in danger be
cause there was nothing in it that
could cause -an explosion. Mr. Quin
an's theory as to the cause of the accl
; dent is that in the explosion of the
tank some of the add was pro
jected Into the salt in the tanks in the
washing house.
"Thin is very plausible. The effect of
the explosion was terrific. I saw sev
eral men hurled through the air at a
tremendous rate. And yet, of two
men who were working side by side,
one was killed, and the other, though
blown a distance, escaped injury."
The man nearest to the scene of the
la.st explosion and who escaped injury
in an almost miraculous manner was
Chemist Smith, who has been con
nected with the works for the past
three years. Detailing his experiences
he said:
"I was in my room in bed at the
time. The explosion woke me up. 1
sleep in the laboratory about 2000 feet
away. I rose hastily and dressed my
self, first taking the precaution to open
all the windows. That is a precaution
which we always take under those cir
cumstances. I looked at the clock and
found it was twenty-five minutes to 2
o'clock. I took my lamp and went to
the nitro glycerine works and found the
top part gone. We started to clear
away the timbera. The men continued
... ADVEBTISEMENTS. '
Clearing days at Hale's, Cleaning up
the odd lots. Closing out the sum-
mer lines.
Flany lots at less than cost — the ends I
of popular pieces, odd sizes of staple I
garments, broken color lines, etc.
Every piece seems desirable for some- j
thing. This is a medley full of good= j
ness. Here's a few of the pricelets: j
Side combs, metal and shell tops. pair. .Co Rubber skirt facing, piece 100
Fancy hair ornaments, each Be White canvas belts i2-1r..), each 10c
Bone and metal buttons (line 24) card 5c Satlnette face powder ioc
Bone »nd metal buttons (45 and 60) doz..Bc Dairy Queen Soap, per box 10c
Colored silk coat binding:, %-ln., yard....so| Hoyt's Cologne, %-oz. bottle 100
Linen finish thread, spool 5c Colgate's Honey Soap lO 0
Cabinet hair (CO assorted) pins, box fie! Colgate' 3 Bay Rum Boap 100
Stewart's linen thread, spool 5c 9-qt. deep preserving kettle 17
8-qt. retlnned cake pan 5c 10-qt. lipped saucepan 19 0
Oblong retlnned cake pan sc | 8-qt. retinned dlehpan 1O O
Retinned jelly-cake tin 3 for sc \ 4-qt. tin coffee pot lOc
Emboseed tin serving tray, 12-ln 5o j 4-qt. tin oil can lOc
SHIRTING PRINTS FOR 3c— Neat as wax; mostly light colors,
with pretty little dots and stripes; for children's dresses, boys' Q_
waists, etc.; % width. The lot (7200 yards) to close yard «JC
DIMITY AND LAWN— Two thousand yards in all; 28 to 31 Inches
wide; a big variety of patterns; the 8 l-3c kind; to be C r
cleaned up at '• yard *-*»■'
BLEACHED DALLAS MUSLIN— 42 inches wide (notice the |il~
width); a fine pillow case muslin. On sale yard "-4**
(Not over 5 yards to a customer).
■*
TABLE OIL CLOTH FOR HOUSECLEANERS— FuII 49 Inches
wide; good durable quality in a big variety of light and dark I^^
colors. On Bale. yard l~v»
MEN'S FLANNELETTE NIGHT SHIRTS— We bought 100 dozen :
to get the price down; a good, warm, heavy, fleecy flannel- ; \ j
ette; double shoulders, gathered back; thoroughly well made. CA r | •
A big buy made a little price each <JvH*
LADIES' WHITE PIQUE PUFF TlES— Large size (length of -)[•« jj
puff 14% Inches); 60 left to be closed out at each
LADIES' FANCY FRONTS— In light and dark shadings; very f
pretty and very popular at 98c each. The final chapter to- RA r f
day • each s
% WIDTH FANCY MESH VElLlNG— Chenille dot, black, brown f
or navy. A decidedly pretty effect; 500 yards in all. On iK^, 5
the tables at _. yard I3C ;
LADIES' 25c HANDKERCHIEFS— ScaIIoped and embroidered; |
the last of a drummer's line of samples; they ought to be t"%\~ \
25c. For a Quick turnover each '^»aC \
Concert Saturday — Bruck's Boston Elite Orchestra. \
. -,
937-939-941-943=945=947 Market Street. \
to work until the second explosion took
place, and then they set to work to find
the bodies and aid the wounded.
"I was In a part of the structure
about twenty-five feet from the mass
of twisted Umber. That is the effect
of this kind of explosions. It twiata
timbers and breaks them off Just as
if they were given a heavy blow with
a mighty hammer.
"How I escaped I do not know, but
the force of the explosion R«ms to
have gone in the direction opposite to
the place in which I was at the time.
The bodies of the poor men were
found on the hill side, all In nearly the
same relative position. They were hor
ribly mangled."
Patrick Murphy, one of the victims,
went to the scene of the explosion ear
ly this morning much against the
pleadings of his wife and family, who
had a misgiving that he would not re
turn alive.
The injured who were taken to St.
Mary's Hospital were all doing well
last night, except R. Bredhoff, who is
not considered out of danger.
The four injured men taken to
Fabiola Hospital on the special train
from the explosion were John B. Rice.
John Brunton, L. P. Evans and Edward
Healy. L. P. Evans, the foreman of the
acid department, sustained a bad frac
ture of his right arm and is badly
bruised and swollen. John Berming
ham Rice, who suffered a fractured leg,
graduated from Stanford with the
class of '79 and has quite a record as a
football player. These two are in the
most critical condition. All depends
upon the condition of their blood, and it
will be a week before the danger of
blood poisoning is entirely passed. They
are terribly sore to-night. John Brun
ton has four ribs badly shattered, but
is in a good way to recover. Edward
Healy has a badly crushed ankle, but
is the least injured of any. His
wounds were dressed, and time only
will tell whether he will ever be able to
use his foot again.
REMEMBER THE MAINE.
200,000 Gallant Tars and Soldiers
Discharging Sacred Duty.
74,900,000 other Americans are going
along in the usual way eating, drink
ing, Bleeping, working or loafing—lick
ing Spain can divert only a small por
tion of this great Nation from its ordi
nary tasks. The wailing prophets who
have insisted that war must ruin busi
ness are already happily disappointed
—business is going right on. Hundreds
in San Francisco and throughout Cali
fornia are taking advantage of the
wonderful opportunities to order one of
Charles Lyons' suits at $17 50. He has
an Immense line of fine English cloths
at that price, and he has just received
from England an elegant assortment of
fine English trouserings at $5 per pair,
to order. Lyons' main store and whole
sale warehouse is at 721 Market street,
In the Bancroft building, and he has
another store at 302 Kearny street, cor
ner of Bush. •
The famous old JESSE MOORE "WHISKY Is
recommended by phyelclans for family and
medicinal use becaue It is pure.
Olympia Bepublicans.
The Olympia Republican Club held a
largely attended meeting last Tuesday
evening at Its headquarters, California
Hall. 620 Bush street. J. D. Hart pre
sided. Judge J. Q. Severance was the
first speaker, and his remarks were en
thusiastically applauded. He was fol
lowed by G. W. Adams, M. R. Roberts
Jr., Dr. A. D. McLean, A. P. Wagner, A.
J. P. Regaudiat, Charles I». Benton and
George R. Pidgeon. Benjamin Coonley,
an adept on the xylophone, rendered a
number of patriotic airs on that instru
ment. Mr. Brackett and W. C. R. Smith
followed Mr. Coonley with recitations,
and both were generously applauded.
Captain Howe, a veteran of the Civil
War,- made an effective speech.
3 - DAY SPECIALS !
Only pore food products gold at oar stores and
at such prices as cannot be duplicated elsewhere.
Goods delivered promptly same day.
TEAS— 6 varieties— 40c
Fresh and fragrant.
Regular price 50c.
No advance at our stores
on account of war tax.
SWEET WINES. - .bot. 35c, 3 bots. $1.00
Port, Sherry, Angelica,
Muscatel and Tokay.
Regular price 60c.
EASTERN SYRUP— gallon. 50c
A superior quality-
delicious for hot cakes. ' v
Regular price 7BC
PUREE DE FOIES — tin 20c
For making sandwiches-
best Imported. • '
Regular price 250.
MUSHROOMS— Iarge tin 20c
F. I* Court. Paris.
Regular price 25c.
WE SELL THE IDEAL COFFEE POT.
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Ham 6522. | Telephone West 152.
Catalogue free. Particular attention given to
Country Orders. Freight paid 100 miles.
?o
I ASG&k. CASH ▼
0 P=P*£ " °
♦ « i ,<ippt*»" TIME. 5
J* I lUIL.I A
LOOK I
I HERE ! {
o Q..
+ The secret of successful buying is ♦
? knowing where to find what j'ou want O
at the lowest prices, and on terms to 4
3 suit your purse. Our prices, whether ft
V cash or little at a time, are lower than X
J those of cash houses. T
° ON SPECIAL SALE THIS WEEK: ?
? 6-foot Extension Table, 2
0 finished in antique $2.75 °
o o
0 J. NOON AN, I
♦ Complete House-Furnisher, J
1 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST, ♦
O Above Sixth. P
▼ Phone South 14. ; Open Evenings. J
PAINLESSJENTTISTRY
Nl v\> $ 1 3^t^ extracting free Jsoonp
w^Ow I 3*feb^ extracting free Jfoonp
A, Js(r*jßßy^y^ Gold Crowns 22k $.3 50 up
j^-^3i''s i J^- FiWngs - - - rsca.up
* -e"^3£si£SS^%-jS Open Evenings & Sjudavs
t^^Ma^Ztt VAN vroom
v<<^VTO I\V Electro Den Parlors
7 ss tiP N 'Sixth and Market
Dr. G W. Kleiser, Pep.