VOLUME LXXXJLV.— NO. 161.
FACTS MAGUIRE FAILS TO REFER TO.
James G. Maguire's sole idea of political economy is the single tax, which he has openly advocated on the floor of Congress.
He would permit the banker and bondholder to escape his just responsibilities, and place upon the farmer and the owner of a home the entire burden of raising governmental
revenues.
He would extend the hand of welcome to the anarchists, the nihilists and the socialists of the Old World, and bid them come and apply the torch to our free institutions.
He would deny protection to the American workingman and force him into competition with the pauper labor of Europe and the coolie slaves of the Orient.
He is a confirmed seeker after office, and to gratify his ambition in the past he has not hesitated to turn his back on his own associates and enlist under the standard of any party that promised
him political preferment.
He poses as a workingman and as the friend of the workingman, because he once worked eighteen days at the blacksmith's forge, but his record shows he has drawn a total salary from City,
State and Nation of $76,860— an average of $4.75 a day for every day of his life.
He seeks Catholic suffrage, on the ground that he is a stanch friend of the church, yet, while holding public office, he wrote a book excoriating Catholicism, terming the Pope the "Viper of the
Vatican," and the Cardinals "Red-capped serpents." #
He would plunder the mine owner by distributing the mineral products among everybody— a socialistic phantasy pure and simple.
He poses as the champion of the people in the fight against the refunding of the Pacific railroads indebtedness, but he allowed the funding bill to pass Congress at the last session^ when his simple
objection would have killed the measure.
He bitterly denounced the war with Spain, and opposed with all his energy the passage of the war revenue tariff.
\_ , , __________________________
DUE WARNING
IS ISSUED TO
BOGUS VOTERS
Registrar Biggy s Arrangements
to Carefully Protect
Ballot Boxes,
Detectives, Part} Watchers and Grand
Jurors Will Sharply Scrutinize
the Counting,
lIFRACTORS OF THE LAW TO BE PROMPTLY INDICTED
Preparations Hare Been Mails to Complete the State i
Count b; \l Q'Clock To-Hlght and the City .
Ticket Late To-Morrow- Afternoon". "
Registration Errors,
Yesterday afternoon Registrar Biggy
had completed all arrangements and de
tails for conducting the election to-day.
Extraordinary precautions have been
taken to prevent illegal voting and to in
sure a quick and accurate canvass of the
ballots cast.
If the Registrar's plans do not miscarry,
•which contingency Is not at all probable,
the State ticket will be counted by mid
night and the canvass, of the municipal
ballots will be completed by 5 o'clock to
morrow afternoon.
This result, if achieved, will beat all
previous rocords. Heretofore the canvass
has continued for thre^or four days at
least, which gave the corruptionists an
opportunity to operate. After forty-eight
hours on duty the election officials would
become exhausted from lack of sleep or
be otherwise incapacitated and the repre
sentatives of the boss could then begin
their operations.
To avoid this condition the Registrar
and Election Commissioners have been
extremely careful in the selection of
Judges, inspectors and clerks. They have
endeavored to secure men of intelligence
and well-known honesty and have not
been at all chary about rejectiiiK appli
cations, no matter what pull the individ
ual may have brought to bear.
Acting on tfe« advice of Registrar Biggy
the commission has made election offi
cials' warrants non-negotiable until the
election is all over. Notice to this effect
has been sent to all money brokers and
warrant shavers, and if. they or any one
else cash any warrants on election day
they will not be able to collect.
One of the greatest evils attending the
conduct of city elections' is obviated by
this regulation. Election officers are al
wiiys given their warrants when they
qualify and receive their credentials, and
it has been the custom with many of
them to discount their pay and celebrate
the night before and during election day.
The efi'ect was most pernicious in many
eases. The Registrar has also appointed
a large number of special dermties, each
of whom is assigned supervision over
seven or eight polling places. These depu
ties have authority to remove officials
who are Incompetent or incapaci
tated and they will also' have
charge of the count after the i»>llh
close. Explicit instructions have been
given these deputies if they find any
JurlK<\ inspector or clerk under the in
fluence of liquor to summarily remove
him and put another man in his place.
When the count begins the deputies are to
be on hand to expedite matters and re
port any delay to the Registrar and he
will immediately assign special men to
conduct the count and hurry it on to com
pletion.
For tabulating and recapitulating the
returns in his office the Registrar has em
ployed eighteen expert accountants, one
to handle earh Assembly district. Mr.
Biggy wishes it distinctly understood that
no one, except the men connected with
his office, will be permitted' to enter the
room where the experts are at work. For
the convenience of candidates and their
friends arrangements have been made to
post bulletins from time to time in the
main registration room.
All clerks were notiiied to appear at the
City Hall at 4:30 this morning for final in-
Btructions. Returns will probably begin
coming in about 9 p. m.
The State ticket will be counted first,
and in addition to detectives and deputies
employed by the Election Commissioners
representatives of the Democratic und
Republican State Central committees will
be present in each booth to guard against
any illegal manipulation of ballots. The
municipal ticket will be counted under
the watcWui eyes of rej?reaenia.Uvefl oJC
The San Francisco Call
WHICH DO YOU WANT FOR GOVERNOR?
This is what Judge Maguire said in Congress January 27, 1897, when he was
opposing a bill to exclude undesirable immigrants:
"They are generally educated men, many of them holding- university degrees, whose offending consists of resist
ance to tyranny, which in the conditions under which they live is obedience to God. Who are the Nihilists? They are
the Democrats of Russia, who are struggling against almost hopeless odds to establish the natural and inalienable rights
of men in that country as against the tyranny and false pretense of divine right on the part of the Czar. Who are the
Anarchists of Spain ? They are the Republicans of that country, seeking to establish the principle of popular sovereignty
as against the unnatural privileges of governing now enjoyed by a single family."
the Republicans, Democrats and Non-
Partisans.
As far as possible the Registrar has
corrected all errors In the great register.
In the printing many names were incor
rectly spelled and wrong addresses given.
Five thousand such mistakes have been
corrected the last few days. Citizens who
are entitled to vote but cannot do so be
cause of error in the register can go to
the Registrar's office and secure a certifi
cate which wi.. enable them to exercise
their franchise.
It has been impossible to completely
purge the register of all doubtful names,
but extra precautions have been taken to
block any illegal voting. Special men
have been engaged to look after these
doubtful would-be voters. Several pre
cinct registers contain names of men
whose right to vote to-day is a matter of
doubt, and deputies will be on hand to
watch for them. Should they attempt to
vote illegally immediate arrest will fol
low. Unlike former years men arrested
for violating the election laws will not be
able to secure their freedom on an "own
recognize" order issued by some corrupt
Police Judge. The Grand Jury, at the re
quest of the Election Commissioners, will
be in session all day and all night, and
violators of the election law will be ln
dicied immediately on their arrest.
Last night at 5 o'clock the entire police
force was assembled at headquarters, and
instructions for election day read to them
by their superior officer. Every sugges
tion made by the Election Commissioners
will be carried out, and the police are or r
dered to work in conjunction with the
precinct officials. ... . <
Twelve members of the Grand Jury will
visit election booths during the day and
exercise official surveillance over the
flection, _>tij infraction of iaar Viill,
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1898.
be noted and the offender summarily dealt
with.
To-night the gn\nd Jurors will take bug
gies and carriage- and remain on duty
all night, going frc n precinct to precinct.
These men will go off duty at 6 a. m.,
when another relay will continue the
watch, and so on until the votes are all
counted.
Immediately after the close of the polls
all unused ballots will be destroyed, be
fore the count begins. The Registrar had
120,000 ballots printed, and he expects that
40,000 to 50,000 will be destroyed. At 5 p.
m. all the ballots at the City Hall will be
destroyed by the Registrar with a ma
chine especially designed , for that pur
pose.
Ten thousand passes admitting citizens
to the booths during the progress of the
count have been issued by the Election
Commission. Of these the State Central
MAGUIRE'S PANACEA FOR ALL EVILS.
In a speech made in the House of Representatives, February 13, 1898, James G. HaguJre said:
Socialists, Populists and charity-mongers, the people who
would apply little remedies 'for a great evil, are all barking up
the wrong tree. The upas of our civilization is our treatment of
land. It is that which is converting even the march of inven
tion into a blight. There is but one cure for business depres
sion ; there is no other : That is the single tax.
and County committees have 1500 each,
and 1750 have been given to the Non-Par
tisans. The remainder were lssue;d to
candidates and their friends.
In answer to the call of the committee
of seven the Affiliated Republican Clubs
have provided more men than are neces
sary to watch every booth in the city dur
ing the count of ballots to-night and to
morrow.
All day yesterday the committee was
busy at State headquarters In the Palace
Hotel taking the names of the club men
who stood In a solid line outside the doors
waiting to volunteer their services to
compel an honest count of the ballots.
Captain of Watchers Frank Robinson
and his co-workers will be found to-day
at the headquarters of the County Com
mittee in the Emma Spreckels building,
and there will provide those who have
been chosen for duty to-night with necec
sary badges and passes to the polls. The
assignments have been already given
out. The force of the State Committee
has been organized for several days, and
all arrangements made to assure straight
returns on the State ticket.
Bryan Has "Military Lockjaw."
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 7. -Colonel William J.
Bryan, Third Nebraska Volunteers, ar
rived here to-day from Savannah, Ga_, on
his way home.
In response to a request for an Inter
view, Colonel Bryan saJd:
"Don't ask me to discuss the political
situation. Don't Intimate an inquiry as to
the prevailing conditions In the army.
Why? Because I have military lockjaw."
Kaiser Journeying to Damascus.
BEYROUT, Nov. 7.— The Emperor and
Empress of Germany started for Damas
cus at 7 o'clock this morning.
GAGE AND NEFF
VICTORY IN VIEW
Cheering Estimates Received Last
Night at Republican Head
quarters—Orders Are to
Watch the Count.
Telegrams received at Republican
headquarters yesterday from all sec
tions of the State have increased rather
than diminished the confidence of the
Republican leaders. Major Mc-
Laughlin still adheres to the estimate
that Henry T. Gage will be elected
Governor of California by a majority
approximating 20.000.
Speakers returning from the moun
tains and valleys of the interior speak
in glowing terms of the magnificent
meetings. General W. H. L. Barnes ar
rived yesterday from Bakersfield. His
tour for the "wind-up" embraced So
nora, Stockton, Fresno and Bakers
field. There was a great demonstra
tion in behalf of Gage and Neff at each
of these places. The Sonora meeting
was a wonder as a political ovation,
and the valley meetings were remark
able for vast attendance and the dis
play of enthusiasm.
Yesterday Brodner W. Lee, chairman
of the Los Angeles County Republican
Committee, wired to Major McLaugh
lin that Los Angeles County would give
Gage and Neff 3500 majority.
Senator H. V. Morehouse of Santa
Clara was a caller at headquarters yes
terday. He predicted that the county
would give a Republican majority of
more than 1500.
Among the many messages received
yesterday was the following from
Frank P. Flint of Los Angeles:
LOS ANGELES, Nov 7., 1898.
Major Frank McLaughlin, San Fran
cisco: We are lined up for battle to
morrow. Before the result is known
as one of your lieutenarfts I desire to
tender my congratulations on the mag
nificent generalship you have shown
throughout the campaign. The party
owes you a debt of gratitude which it
can never pay, for your self-sacrificing,
brilliant efforts for its success, which
now seems assured.
FRANK P. FLINT.
From San Diego comes a message
that the Republicans would carry the
county by a majority of 600. Conflict
ing reports come from this county,
hence the State Committee is not count
ing on the full strength claimed by the
local representatives of the party.
A Fresno dispatch says: "The Repub
licans are in better shape than ever
before. No relaxation until the fight
is won."
Another message from Los Angeles
was received late last evening. It con
veyed this statement: "Republicans
are prepared for the battle. Every man
at his post. Will give Gage the largest
majority ever cast against a fusion
nominee."
The fusjonists have been claiming
Shasta County by a good round major
ity and the Republicans had been con
ceding the claim until the receipt of a
telegram last night as follows: "Vic
tory is possible. The claim of a fusion
majority is not conceded."
A San Luis Obispo telegram reads:
"Sure of victory. No points lost."
In Tulare County, the stronghold of
fusion at the Presidential election,
when Bryan got 1500 majority, the Re
publicans expect to reduce the figures
to 500 or 600 for Maguire.
In Mendocino the Republicans are
making a gallant fight, with a prospect
of winning the county.
"Watch the count!" was the brief
message which the Republican State
Committee sent to every county in the
State yesterday, and this message was
transmitted to every voting precinct.
Special care has been taken to secure
a full vote and a fair count. In the
city of San Francisco the greatest
vigilance will be maintained. The reg
ular and volunteer watchers were duly
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
instructed yesterday in regard to their
duties.
Last night the Republican State
Committee displayed on the Parrott
building the following bulletin:
"The Republican State Committee i 3
confident that Gage and the Republi
can ticket will carry the State by 25,000
majority."
GENERAL MILES' REPORT
IS FULL OF GINGER
Shafter's Conduct of the Santiago
Campaign Is Handled Without
Gloves by His Superior. .
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— The Washington
correspondent of the Herald telegraphs:
Major General Nelson A. Miles to-day
completed and submitted to the War De
partment his report covering the entire
period of hostilities between the United
States and Spain. It could not be learned
at the War Department whether this re
port in its entirety will be given out for
publication in the near future or at all.
It is hinted that certain portions of the
report may be withheld. The sum and
substance of the reasons for withholding
it, it is asserted, is the fact that the re
port is said to deal squarely with matters
that certain officials prefer to keep in the
background.
Friends of General Miles who claim to
be cognizant of the contents of the re
port say it is exhaustive In dealing with
the minutest details and many things
which have not been clear to the general
public as to the conduct of the war arc
lully and comprehensively explained.
Reference to the Santiago campaign
alone takes up many pages. The inva
sion and occupancy of Porto Rico is given
in detail. It is also mentioned that Gen
eral Miles conferred with Admiral Samp
son and asked the admiral to protect the
landing of the United States troops on
Cuban soil, which was done. The report
also refers to the warning General Miles
gave to General Shafter and in plain Eng
lish criticizes General Shafter's conduct
of the campaign in Santiago.
The report practically states that the
muddled condition of matters relating to
the army's status is due to the fact that
much information that was given out was
contradicted by the Secretary of War.
The report makes no reference to the so
called Alger-Miles controversy, but some
of the statements accredited to General
Miles are reiterated. A friend of General
Miles said:
"The general will not make the report
public, but the Secretary of War will give
it out. He will not dare to keep it back.
It will be a bitter pill for Alger, but when
it is known that the report has been sub
mitted the demand for it will be great."
SAMPSON WANTED TO BE
CONSUL AT HAVANA
Bequest of the Bear Admiral Not
Sustained by the Washington
Authorities.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Had Presi
dent McKinley granted the request of
Rear-Admiral Sampson, made a few days
ago, that naval officer would now be act
ing as American Consul in Havana. As a
result of a consultation with army mem
bers of the commission the Rear-Admiral
wired the Navy Department that he be
lieved it would be to the interest of the
American Government to authorize him
to act as Consul at Havana under this ar
ticle of the navy regulations:
"In absence of diplomatic or consular
officer of the United States at a foreign
port the commander-in-chief has author
ity to exercise the powers of consul in
! relation to mariners of the United States,
to communicate or remonstrate with for
eign authorities as may be necessary and
to urge upon citizens of the United States
the necessity of abstaining from partici
pation in political controversies or viola-
I tion of the laws of neutrality."
It will be seen that Rear-Admiral Samp
son's authority would have been wide
reaching had his request been granted.
Secretary Long consulted witJr the Pres
ident, and it was determined that the reg
ulation did not properly apply in the case
of a country with which the United States
is at war. xvear-Admiral Sampson was
advised that the British Consul-General
at Havana was acting as Consul-General
for the United States.
Eighth Cavalry Going to Cuba.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 7.— The War De
partment has d< :lded to send the Eighth
Cavalry Regiment to the province of
Puerto Principe in advance of the Fif
teenth Infantry or the Third Georgia. Six
tro >ps each of the Eighth are to be sent
to .■Juevltas and Puerto Principe, the cap
ital of the province. The transport Mani
toba will take the Eighth to Cuba-
Killed by a Train.
BfUNCTE, Ind., Nov. 7.— Thomas Port,
president of the Port Glass Manufactur
ing Company, was killed by a Big Four
passenger train this morning while walk
ing on the track. Mr. Port was one of
the wealthiest men in the gaa belt.2
CLOSE THE CAMPAIGN
WITH A ROUSING RALLY
Continental League Conducts a Most Suc
cessful Republican Meeting.
General W. H, L, Barnes Predicts the Success of the
Entire Ticket-Candidates Make Their Final
Appeals to Voters.
Saratoga Hall could not contain the Re
publican hosts that desired to hear W. H.
L. Barnes, E. F. Preston. Julius Kahn,
Charles S. Patton and other orutors of
the party on the eve of election
Long before the appointed hour
seat was filled and. contrary te the usual
conditions, ladies made up a goodly pro
portion of the audience.
It was an evening of song and rejoic
ing. Not one discordant note, not one
bell Jangling out of tune was heard. Gen
eral Barnes, the orator of the cvi
was at his best. Cheer after cl
ed his stirring words of patriotism and
His rebuke of Maguire,, single tax and
anarchy.
The meeting was held under the aus
pices of the Continental League, Frank
D. Worth acting as chairman. In his
opening address he told how it had been
the privilege of the league to open the
campaign five weeks age as well as its
honor to close the campaign. He told of
the cheering words that were coming in
of the wave of Republicanism which was
sweeping everything before it throughout
the State and which promised the elec
tion of every man on the ticket, both
State and county.
He then introduced General W. H. L..
Barnes as one well known to them all.
General Barnes said, when tho applause
with which he was greeted subsided:
"Ladies and gentlemen: So far as I am
concerned 1 wish you to take warning.
This programme is a long one and I
must decline to give an encore. I, for
one, am very glad that this campaign is
practically over. Nothing remains for us
m do now but the recording of the vote
which will herald to the world another
great Republican victory. I have been
throughout the length and breadth of
your State; I have seen the snow of Shas
ta and have looked into Mexico from the
southern borders of this State. In my
long experience I have never seen the
Republican party so united, so enthu
tic and so confident of victory. The State
ticket without exception will be elected.
Last election we found Republican men
who were suffering every financial dis
ease. They had tried the regular practi
tioners for their ills and then determined
to give the quacks a trial. They said to
us. 'what you have said is good enough,
but I will vote for Bryanism— for the Sil
ver standard of 16 to I.' Now all is
changed. I have not seen an adult who
will not telegraph to-morrow through the
ballot-box his love and admiration for a
great and glorious patriot, our President,
William McKinley.
"Many thousands of Democrats who are
not satisfied with the fusion party will
vote for our standard bearers, Gage and
Neff. The Populists are"^ sore at the loss
of their party name. The candidate who
is supposed to represent them has not
given one word to the doctrines of the
Populists during this campaign, he has
never spoken of their pet dogmag. It re
minds me of two young Irish women who
•went to a lecture on astronomy, the
speaker being a most eloquent man. -
sitting for about an hour one of them
turned to the other and said: "What's all
this about? I haven't heard him mention
Ireland yet. Let's go home.' The good
Populists have gone home. "They came
originally from the Republican party and
have now returned whence they came.
"The Democrats knew they could not
defeat the Republicans alone, so they
added the votes of the Democrats, of the
Populists and of the Silver Republicans
cast at the last election. When the dis
tribution of patronage is made the Pop
ulists and Silver Republicans secured pos
sibiy one delegate and a clerk, whose duty
it was to clean the cuspiilors.
"As to Maguire, it Is too late to discuss
him. I haven't the slightest possible
doubt that wherever he is speaking to
night he is discussing me. lam his night
mare. He sees me in his troubled dreams,
and whenever he goes to bed 1 Bit like
a huge joss ;;bove his head leering at him.
He says that I am a human locomotive,
that I travel on the S. P. track and biow
off steam and whistle whenever Herrin
pulls the string. I have received some
railroad money, taking that from them
which they took from you. For years I
have been the regularly retained atti
of the Examiner. Am I responsible for
Jim Magulre because of this? The cam
paign is practically ended. We will now
have a rest from Mr. Gage's hair. Mr.
Phelan's head will gradually assume Its
normal proportions, and as for Mr. Pat
ton's whiskers, may they continue to
grow forever and ever.
"Let us hope that when the fire and
pmnke of this great batjtle is passed
away it will result in giving this State
and this city a wise, prudent and an
economical government; that whatever
the men elected do it will be what is
right and will merit our approval. Re
sponsibility makes men more cautious,
makes them more conservative, so when
they are elected to high places we may
fixpect them to rise above petty matters
and become broad and liberal. I v.ill not
quarrel with Maguire and his ideas of
single tax and anarchy. I am sick of the
railroad question and almost wish there
wasn't any. We must do our duty to the
<ity as we see it. The past has been a
bitter campaign. Never before was there
so much of libel, .so much of caricature.
We have won. However, no good man
was ever hurt by slander, no honest man
by caricature.
"You cannot begin to appreciate the
greatness of this State until you have
traveled from one end of it to another
and noted its progress. Some years aero
I went to Redding at a time when the
railroad to Oregon had not been built ail
the way through. It then consisted •
depot and one house, which was abso
lutely the worst hotel in the State. I have
been there recently and all this is
changed. Redding i.s now a great city.
It has splendid buildings of brick and
Btone, well paved streets and all the con-
V«sleno*ft we look for in th.' most modern
cities. The people of the Dlace have an
air of prosperity. Close by the toy
rity is one of the great copper minos of
the world. This gives emplacement to
1500 men' and 3000 more are employed in
the smelting works close by; $4,u0u,000 is
Invested in this great plant.
"I found the same evidences of prosper
ity in Southern California, whose magnifi
cent orange groves supply so much of the
granges consumed throughout this United
Btates. All these came under our little
American laws. Judge Maguire's ideas
are antagonistic to his. He spent thi. .
tnonths in Delaware trying to convince
Its inhabitants of the beauties of single
tax, and at the end of that time at the
taking of a vote there were 38.000 against
and but a single thousand in favor of it.
Tou cannot take a man whose head is
buzzing with these fairy ideas and place
blm at the head of the people of Califor
nia. That is something that will not
find root on California soil. Let us look at
\h<- Russian nihilists. To what party did
they attach their affections? To the Dem
ocratic."
The speaker then told of the movements
of the party of Russian anarchists who
spent some time in our City Prison pend
ing a requisition from the Russian Gov
ernment. This was not forthcoming, and
they were discharged. He told how they
again entered upon their career of crime,
of the murd< rs they committed and how
of them met their death upon the
■•■-. Ail were accounted for except
four, and they probably had a Democratic
■•ile,' at which they ato one another
up. Maguire says the anarchists are the
true Democracy. These are the men who
killed the Czar of Russia, who threw that
bomb in Barcelona and who wounded so
many people in Haymarket Square in Chi
cago.
"To his shame Altgeld. :the branded
lover of nihilists, pardoned/some of them
and we do not wish that any of that
breed of dogs In office in this State. Ma
guire is sincere, but that has nothing to
do with the queer ideas a man gets into
his head. The insane asylum at Stock
ton is full of good men, but see the sorry
they cut with their paper crowns
and other evidences of imbecility.
"I am here not to speak of Maguire
except to bid him farewell. His political
end came some weeks since. The burial
will be to-morrow. No t!>>wers."
(A voice: "Roast Phelan.") "I would
rather take some one of my own size, and
besides I do not want to strike a man
when he is down. I admire Phelan; he
inherited a large fortune and he shows
every evidence of hanging on to it. li.
does not squander any money. However
he expects a great deal— which he won't
get.
"We want Republican Congressmen.
This State must have men In full accord
to support the administration of Presi
dent McKinley."
General Barnes dwelt at length on the
question of territorial expansion. He
said: "We will Amc-ricaniz«?^ihe people!
of the Philippines; they will never Philip- i
pinize us. What we attained by the aid J
of God and Dtwey, we'll keep by this aid
■l and Dewey."
He asked his auditors <o stand by the
administration, closing with a brilliant
peroration to the glory of the American
flag.
He was given three cheers at the close
of his address.
Julius Kahn, nominee for Congress
from the Fourth District, spoke briefly, !
thanking his constituents for the support
they had accorded him. He predicted a j
great Republican victory and felt assured
the Fourth would be found in the Repub
lican column, fie said the main issue of
the campaign was: "Will the people sup
port the administration of William Me-
Kinley?
Senator Perkins, Tirey L. Ford and
tie F._ Loud were unavoidably ab
sent, but the audience apoarontiy forgot
tnis from the warmth of their reception
to Charles L. Patton, Republican noml
..r Mayor. He was introduced by
Chairman Worth as a man who was sure
to be-electea.
Mr. Pattort said: "The campaign is
about over. The issues wf the campaign
have been made and it is not necessary
fur me to discuss them. I have spoken on
every platform in this city. I am sound
on the charter. I am sound on the dollar '
limit ana on the taxing of corporations. I !
favor the laboring man and believe he j
should have a fair wag"c and short hours. '
During my ca.-inaign I have gathered j
friend after friend until now I know I
have a fair chance to be your next Mayor.
"If elected 1 will fulfill my duties. The
corporations will get no more favor than
the law allows. 1 will treat the office as
a public trust, and if elected -will do my
best to serve the entire people. I thank !
you."
EL F. Preston spoke happily in a pa
vein and held his auditors' wrapt
Among the candidates presented during
the evening were: William A. Deane,
candidate for County Clerk; I. J. Truman,
Treasurer; H. N. Clement, Superior
Judge; Asa R. Wells. Auditor; J. B. Car
son, Superior Judge; H. L. Joachimsen,
Judge of the Police Court; C. A. Low,
Judge of the Police Court; Thomas Dunn,
Justice of the Peace.
A feature of th< programme was the
"The Star Spangled Banner"
by Mine. Couraen Roeckel* assisted by
a Vista I'arlor Drill Corps. 'me
young ladles wire dressed in blue duck,
trimmed with white.
The Waterman sisters and Excelsior
quartet contributed to the pleasure of
those present. 'ih>- quartet did not mar
its soulful music with words that were out
of keeping with jt.
WITH MUSIC AND FIREWORKS.
The Forty-First District Maguire
Club Closes Its Campaign.
The Forty-first Assembly District Ma
guire League Club closed its share of the
campaign with an open-air meeting at the
corner of Hyde and Union streets .ast
evening. A liberal display of fireworks
and music from a band kept the 300 peo
ple present in a good humor for an hour
preceding the arrival of the speakers.
William P. Humphreys Jr., president of
the club, presided and opened the meeting
with a few words of advice to the voters
of the district. James O. Maguire was the
first speaker of the evening, and ad
dressed the audience for fifteen minutes.
His remarks we're confined entirely to the
Southern Pacific, which he declared was
in politics and against himself. W. H. L.
Barnes received mention by the Demo
cratic gubernatorial candidate, and Mr.
Maguire also paid his respects to his op
ponent. , , ', ■■- ■
James H. Barry, candidate for Congress,
spoke briefly, asking the support of the
voters of the Forty-first District. Among
the other speakers were: T. F. Bonnet,
William Craig, John A. Wright, James
Denman, Osgood Putnam, Alfred J. rriiz,
J. S. Kosinbfi'jm. William J. Kenneu?, A.
A. Cavagnaro, P. K. Lane, R. D. Doolan
and Flnlay Cook.
♦»
Mission Democrats Hold a Meeting.
A small number of Mission politicians
■ ting at Native Sons" Hall on
Seventeenth street last night. The meet
ing was fur the purpose of advancing the
; the Democratic nominees for
tKe Senate and Assembly fr6m the Thirty
fourth and Thirty-sixth districts. J. J.
Crowley, nominee for the Assembly, was
made the chairman. His reception was
good from the fart that every schoolboy
and girl in the district wierie*- present to
give him a big whoop-up. The following
speakers were present and each had his
to the encore of the gallery: Senator
H. C. Gesford. Peter J. McCormick, Wil
liam t\ Humphreys, John J. Barrett, E.
J. and A. C. narks, Clitus tearbour, Wal
ter (Gallagher nr.<l T-M I. Coffey.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Liarkin sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
THE SAN FRAIST CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1898.
PHELAN'S STRIKERS TRY
TO INFLUENCE BETTING
With Good, Red Gold They Seek to Beat Down
the Odds Against Him.
Threw $25,000 Into the Open Market in Vain Effort to Stem
the Tide of Public Opinion That Has Set in
for Patton.
In a last attempt to stem the tide of
public opinion that has set in against
James D. Phelan, and which has been
more apparent in the betting than in
any other Rhase of the big .political
battle now closed, the political strikers
who have been conducting his cam
paign under his personal supervision
on Saturday night threw into the pool
rooms and sporting resorts in
good, hard coin of the rtalm to be bet
upon his chances. It made its first ap
pearance alon£ the line on Powell
street in the hands of Charlie Fay, the
chief of all the Hefter's strikers, and it
was being offered in from $3000 to $5000
blocks.
It was the condition of things on
Saturday afternoon that put the fear
of the ballot in the heart of the silk
hat boss. From a 10 to 3 favorite he
had slumped to an even thing in the
betting and in some quarters the wise
ones were holding him up to public
view on the short end. All over the
city Patton money was offering, and
finding no takers, and in despair of
any profit at even money, the holders
began offering' odds against him. As
a result of the reduction in his valua
tion a number of bets found place, one
of the most significant being a wager
of $5000 against $4000, with the little
boss suffering the humiliation of the
thousand-dollar shortage.
The odds in the betting to some ex
tent mold the political opinions of
many of San Francisco's voters, and
to the strikers of the Hefter the neces
sity for turning the current became
painfully evident. They lost no time
in setting about it.
Shortly after 8 o'clock Phelan money
was walking up both sides of Powell
street, but its dissemination was limit
ed to $r>ooo lots. The desire was not to
accomplish bets but to turn the odds.
The scheme worked beautifully. I'.u
ton's financial popularity dropped like
a sack of shot. From an average even
thins he fell to the short end of 100 to
80 and from that on a graduated scale
of a 2 to 1 proposition that found
OAKLAND DID
NOT RETIRE
LAST NIGHT
Republicans Are Full
of Confidence.
FIGURE GAGE'S MAJORITY
VETERANS CLOSE WITH A BIG
DEMONSTRATION.
During the Campaign the Fusionists
Have Not Once Been Seen in
Parade on the
Streets.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 7.
i Oakland is not sleeping to-night Every
1 body is given over to politics and the gen
eral excitement is so high that thousands
have abandoned all hope of sleep and are
i anxiously awaiting the minute of aunrise
■' when the great battle. shall begin.
I Alameda County has been thoroughly
canvassed and it is believed that Henry
T Gage can depend on a majority of not
less 'than 3500-the most conservative es
timate being 3000.
Some weeks ago the several organiza
tions composed of the sorehead elements
] in politics seemed to be putting up an ag
i gressive opposition to the Republican tick
let Since that time it has "been noticed
that the life has gradually died out of
these elements and a majority of them
has Announced its intention of voting -the
i 0 doubt that the Republican
! State ticket will be elected in this county
i and also the Legislative candidates. The
only opposition worthy of the name was
in the Forty-ninth Assembly District,
where "Billy 1 ' Schmidt tried to make a lit
tle campaign, on his own account, hoping
thereby to elect a Democratic Assembly
manHe did not' receive • any support
worthy of the name and it is not likely
i that he will hurt the chances of the Re
i publican nominee, A. A. McKeen. . ,
i On the county ticket it is admitted that
there may be some close contests, al
though the chances -of the Republican
ticket generally are first class. ■So many
disturbing factions have attempted to do
a little, bossing within the ranks of the
party that it is hardly possible all have
been harmonized, but . neither is it prob
able that sufficient opposition remains to
hurt the chances of the party ticket.
This afternoon a "taxpayers ticket
was spread broadcast through the coun
ty It is not known with whom it origin
ated, but it is said to have some connec
tion with one of the factions of the, old A.
P. A. organization of two years ago. .
This evening the Republican Army and
Navy League held a demonstration ,at
the Tabernacle which was largely attend
ed. Admiral Dewcy Camp No. 19 escorted
the speakers of the evening from Seventh
and Broadway to the Tabernacle, and
and several other organizations joined in
the line of march. , . . ,
It has been a remarkable feature of the
campaign that there has not been a Dem
ocratic or Fusion parade. In former
years there has always been at least one
big outpouring of the Democracy in this
county, but this year it is so split up
that no parade has : been held. ;On , the.
Other hand, the' enthusiastic Republicans
have not lost a single opportunity to turn
out and enter with heart and soul into
the spirit of the campaign.
Notice to Republicans.
Republicans who are willing- to watch
at the polls in the various precincts ior
the pood of the party, without pay, are
urgently requested to call upon the com
mittee of the Affiliated Clubs at their
no takers. Fay and his henchmen
couldn't stand success and they un
leaded buckets of Phelan shekels into
the poolrooms.
It was their undoing. When business
opened up at the pools last evening
Patton was announced at four and a
half to ten. He was announced in a
loud voice and it had its effect. There
wag $4 50 for every Phelan ten in the
bank, and as betting became brisker
the odds began to climb, and Phelan
boomers went to bed with several
thousands of their $25,000 in jeopardy,
and the effect of the bluff rendered nil
by the pool room break.
Mr. Gage was offering all over town
at ten to four, but there was nobody
pasting revenue stamps on Maguire
checks even at those odds.
In an effort to make business the
odds were dropped to ten to two, but
when the books closed few if any bets
had been written.
Not every one was betting, however,
The town itself was suffering a bad at
tack of nerves. Until after midnight
Market street was thronged with a
loitering crowd agog for anything iv
the way of a forecast of to-day's fight
and the tenor of the masses was dis
tinctly Republican.
The theaters and other places of
amusement were practically deserted,
but the places where men usually con
gregate were crowded and the one
absorbing topic was politics.
Hy those who are "in the know" It
is conceded that upon the vote south of
Market street to-day depends the vic
tory.
Those "solid citizens" whom Mayor
Phelan has been wont to mention in
contradistinction to his "plain peo
ple" are not so favorable to his can
didacy as his adherents have loudly
claimed. As nearly as the situation
nnrth of Market can be cast up
the two candidates for the Mayoralty
have an even chance and it is the full
intent to descend to-day upon the vot
ers of the south side. With them lies
victory or defeat.
he.-ulriuartprs in the State Central Com
mittee rooms in the Palace Hotel up to 6
o'clock this afternoon.
.■» ■ 1
FARCE AND MELODRAMA.
How Local Theater-Goers Were En
tertained Last Night.
The regular-priced season com
menced again at the Baldwin last
niKht with Charles Dickson and Hen
rietta Grossman in a farce by the
fatal title of "Mistakes Will Happen."
The company which Jacob Litt has
sent is an excelled one, but the
piece, which the author, Grant Stew
art, describes as a "farcical study," is
woefully unworthy of the people who
produce it.
It is in three acts. The first is one of
long and elaborate "preparation" and
infallibly uncomical; even the ushers
were shy of applauding ,it last night.
The second is horse-play pure and
simple, exploiting two married couples,
falsely shuffled, who play at the old
game of stage tag.
The third act deals in evasion, ex
planation and reconciliation, and is
quite funny by comparison with its
predecessors, being neither so robust
as the second nor so lamb-lik-i as the
first, and having considerable quick
American humor in its dialogue. But
the third act is a long time coming;
and it is only fair to say that what
small favor was won from the crowd
last night was due to the personal
blandishments of the players.
Morosco's.
That fine old melodrama, "The Stran
glera of Paris," was produced at Morosco's
Grand Opera House last night. As usual
there was a crowded house. The actors
did particularly well and in consequence
there were numerous curtain calls.
Columbia.
Kellar, the magician, opened a two
weeks' engagement at the Columbia The
ater last night to an appreciative audi
ence.
The Tivoli.
Lecocq's celebrated comic opera, "Giro
fie-Girofla," was the attraction at the Ti
voli last night. The house was crowded.
Alcazar.
For a good laugh go to the Alcazar
Theater, where "Dr. Bill" is in evidence.
This three-act farce comedy was a decid
ed fucccss at the New York Garden The
ater, ard it promises to meet with the
approval of the public in this city.
Chutes Theater.
Durno, a magician, at the Chutes Free
Theater mystified a large audience last
evening.
New Comedy.
To those who enjoy melodrama the
Comedy Theater will be the attraction
this week. Last evening "The H>art of
Chicago." Lincoln J. Carter's spectacular
play, was presented to a fair-sized audi
ence.
Heinrichs at the Orpheum.
The first song recital in the history o'
the Orpheum will take place this after
noon at half past 2 o'clock, when Mr. and
Mrs. Max Heinrich and Miss Julia Hein
riiih will sing.
California.
Murray and Mack in "Finnegan's Ball"
continue at the California, giving way
nr-xt wf>ek to a melodramatic production
'•The Northern Lights." '
Orpheum.
Pauline Hall made her Pacific Coast
debut in vaudeville at the Orpheum last
night, and was well received. Her songs
are all elegantly costumed, and her stage
appearance would be an attraction of it
self aside from the fact that she is pleas
ing as a vocalist.
Olympia
Mulvey and Inman, who were recently
seen at the Orpheum, scored a hit at the
Olympia hist night.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It fails to cur*.
ZSc. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVICE f O A WIFE!
ADVICE TO A MOTHER!
Fullness of health, vitality and vigor make happy homes and
successful wives.
Debility, premature decay, sterility cause domestic misery, desertion
and divorce.
Don't Be a Worn-Out Woman. You Were
Intended to Be Strong.
NO V^/O/VIAN Can retain her strength who suffers from
I " Vjf tt WiTim^ weakness and disease of the delicate and im-
portant orf"--' that make wifehood and motherhood possible. Do not
neglect the .irst indication of ill health, painful menses, pain in the side,
headache or backache. Vitalism will cure, drugs only irritate. Take
Cardlne for weak heart, cerebrlne for brain fag, etc.; ovarine for amen-
orrhoea, hysteria, sterility; uterine for nervous exhaustion and prema-
ture decay. Great restoratives and vitalizers.
THE
TREATMENT
OF
1898.
Uterine wafers restore all monthly irreprularitks promptly, positively
and permanently, when every other method fails. . .
Vitalism acts directlv on the sensitive organs; it makes them strong
and vip-orous; it prepares them to bear the burdens of maternity. They
are nature's own remedies.
Vitalism Makes Women New.
Those living in the city or vicinity can learn all about it by calling
at our office. Those living at a distance can write for full informa-
tion and a free sample of Vitalism.
CORRESPONDENCE STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL.
DOCTOR ROT"XEI- AN'D ASSOCIATED PHTSICIAXS. 323 Kearny street Hours 10 to
4 and 7 to S p. m. Sundays. 11 to 12
TELEPHONE GRANT 33 and 38.
222-224 SUTTER STREET.
SO F^OR. 40.
Beginning Wednesday we will sell to our cus-
tomers a limited quantity of books containing
23 2 cent United States postage stamps for 40c.
SPECIAL
Monday— Wednesday
-;V " l / "Crown" brand,
PORT and SHERRY, ) n i o n ld e? al i l f S r rt
25cbot,5bots$l.eO ) o«i"io «i"i o y m 3L
■ * bot:
Rev. John Reid, Jr., of jgf??^^
Great Falls, Mon., recom- /P^^AMif(\sl\
mended Ely's Cream Balm f^^A^/faCOlOl
to me. I can emphasize his J^- c °£j* JUol
statement, "It is a positive %gr™*X >/&$/
cure for catarrh if used as ',[, & «^^r
directed."— Rev. F. W. W<£<s* * I
Poo/e, Pastor Cent'/ Pres. : J^i^>\
Church. Helena. Mon. )i J^jgjg^jJ^
Cream balm is ' placed Into the . nut-ims.
spreads over the mebrane and is- absorbed. Re-
lief is immediate and a cure follows. It is not
drying — does not produce sneezing.' Large 50c;
Trial Size 10c: at Druggists or by mail.
ELY BROTHERS. 56 .Warren St.. New York.
POLLING PLACES
FOR
ELECTION
TO BE HELD
Tuesday, November Bth, 1898.
Polls open at sunrise. 6:45 o'clock a. m., and
close at 5:00 o'clock p. m. By order of
the Board of Election Commissioners.
VVM. J. BIGGY,
Registrar of Voters and ex-Officlo Secretary of
the Board of Election Commissioners.
TWENTY-EIGHTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Precinct.
I— Front of 241 Fremont st.
2— S. s. Folsom, bet. Beale and Zoe pi.
3— Front of 411 Harrison st.
4— N. B. cor. Harrison and Essex sts.
£ — 572 Folsom St.
6— Front of 209 Second st.
7— Fr.jnt of I">7 Second st.
B—Front8 — Front of 134 Second st.
9— E. s. Second, bet. Mission and Minna sts.
10— Front of 650 Mission st.
11— N. W. cor. New Montgomery and Mission.
12— Front of 443 Second st.
13 — N". s. Howard, bet. New Mont, and Third.
14— Front Of 627 Howard st.
15 — Front of 640 Folsom st.
16 — S. s. Harrison, bet. Second and Vassar pi.
TWENTY-NINTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Precinct.
I— 36S Jessie st.
2— Front of 37 Fourth st.
3— Front of S4fi Mission st.
4— Front of 863 Mission st.
&— Front of 753 Mission st.
6— Front of 714 Howard st.
7— Front of 124 Fourth st.
B— Front of 751 Howard st.
9— g(>2 Folsom st.
10— Front of 231 Fourth- st.
11— Front of 317 Fourth st.
12— Front of 304 Fourth st. ,
13 — 416 Fourth st.
14— Front of 72S Harrison st.
15— Front of 775 Harrison st.
16—421 Fourth at.
17— W. s. Fourth, bet. Bryant and Perry sts.
THIRTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Precinct.
I— Front of 10 Fifth st.
2— Front of 32 Sixth st.
3— Front of 1010 Mission st.
4— S. a. Mission, bet. Sixth and Mary.
s— Front of 1028 Howard st.
6— Front of 123 Sixth st.
7— 95S Howard st.
B— 2S5 Seventh st. • ,
9— Front of 970 Folsom st.
10— Front of 24S Sixth st.
11— Front of !'25 Folsom st. i
12—042% Harrison Bt.
13 — S. 8. Harrison, bet. Oak Grove and Madi-
son ave.
14— Front of 1043 Fr.lsom at.
THIRTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Precinct.
I— Front of 39 Eighth st.
2— 124S Mission s^t.
3—1133^ Mission st.
4— W. s. Eighth, bet. Minna and Natoma.
6— W. b. Eighth, bet. Natoma and Howard.
6— Front of 7fi Ninth st.
7—45 Eleventh st.
B— Front of 239 Tenth ft.
9— W. s. Eighth, ty»t. Folsom and Clementina.
10— E. s. Eighth, bet. Howard and Clementina,
11— Front of 1128 Howard St.
12— S. W. cor. Harrison nnd Langton sts.
13— Front of 1142 Harrison st.
14—423 Ninth Ft.
15_-\V. s. Ninth, bet. Sheridan and Harrison.
18— Front of 42" Tnrth st.
THIRTY-SECOND ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Precinct.
I— Front of 537 Second st. '
2— Front ot 372 Brannan st.
3— Front of 357 Brannan st.
4— Front of 507 Bryant st.
E — Front of 523 Fourth st.
6— tM Fourth at. i
7—534 Sixth st.
B— S. s. Bryant, b?t. Harriet and Boardman.
!>— Front of 827 Brannan st.
10—500 Ninth st.
11— 1P24 Bryant st.
12 — X. E. cor. lowa and Eighteenth sts.
is— lo*4 Kentucky st.
THIRTY-THIRD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Precinct.
J— N. s. Twenty-first, bet. Treat and Folsom.
2— Front of 2623 Folsom st
ADVERTISEMENTS. -
3—3140 Twenty-fourth st.
4—3020 Twenty-sixth st.
tfLPi^SE: Twenty-third and Alabama sts.
6—2850 Twenty-third st.
7— E. s^ Bryant, 100 feet south Twenty-first
8-S. E. cor. Twenty-fourth and Hampshire.
i£lk- % cor - Twenty-fourth and San Bruno!
itS' E i' COr - Twenty-fourth and Kansas.
Ills: « ' T COr Kentucky and Twenty-second.
IlMnois ' SeC " bet ' Kentuck y and
13— Railroad ave
14—1806 Fifteenth ave.
15-1203 Railroad ave., Masonic Temple.
pTHn-tTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1—1504 Folsom st.
2— Front of 1540 Howard st.
tlw 8 ; T 5? U I th> b , et - M ket and Mission.
s - l Misslon ' bet. Thirteenth and Four-
M T irsio^t bet - Howard and MisBi ° n
7— Front of 306 Twelfth st.
■ l=?S43 -Howard O and Faurteenth «»•
10—3030 Sixteenth st. •
11— Front of 276 Valencia st.
12— Valencia st.
13— Front of 655 Valencia st.
}*— Front of 2926 Sixteenth st.
15-Fr.nt of 2857 Sixteenth st. '
i™^.sTon II s II t neteenth aDd ShOtWell StS -
S=&S o C f° r S -,0 VV a a a , nn t d TWent ' BtS -
20— Front sof 1378 Twenty-first st . .. • -
21— Front of 2437 Mission st
.Pr T 5' FIFTH . ASSEiIBL "Sr DISTRICT. |
J~g*' ""• cor. Twenty-third and Dolores.
\~ v ?-" cor - Twenty-second and Dolores' '
3— N. E. cor. Twenty-third" and Guerrero sts
4— Front of 3265 Twenty-first St. erre .™. BU -.
5— Front of 1159 Valencia st ■ '■ -' "'
6—2552 Howard st.
7—2831 Mission st. ' ; -'
8—1417 Valencia st.
9—3008 Mission st.
i?~if- V - cor - Portland ave. and Prentlss.
"-|- -.? or - I'recita ave. and Mission st.
S ; h Mlssl n> bet. Twenty-ninth and Thir-
13— Front of 324 Cortland ave.
14— E. s. Mission, near China ave
Pr T c?n I 5 TT " SIXTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
hb Marke s Y- COn ***"** St
3— Market, S. W. cor. Sanchez
4—l- ront of 337 Noe st.
SMft. c^, s sre^h and DoHand -
teenth °' bSt ' Seventeenth and Eigh-
9=^4o Sanchez^ Elghteenth and Nineteenth.
10— Front of 604 Guerrero st. ■ ;
"-£; W. r or Vicksburg and Jersey sts
third ' -*" Ellzabeth an Twenty-
Jf'xr- «- T 'wenty-fourth. bet. Noe and Castro
IS-S' W Co 1 "" S r an heZ and T^nty-ssv?n?h™t.
16ri S 5-i 2 %- h S? c r j 1 ?t OloreS and
17-4543 Eighteenth st.
itl?i\v W *V.. C0 f- n V? nth ave - and K st
19 — 3400 Mission st.
in~Tnn B *.* 1 '^ 10111 bet - H y' an and W. Park
22=^Su?h c aVe - and San •*>-• road*'
PrlcfnTr SEVE:<ITH ASSE MBLY DISTRICT.
2=Fs 2S S -M^ U k^' stf 1 - HayCS and Und * a ve.
3— Front of 2018 Market st '
4—19 Franklin st.
6— N. E. cor. Linden ave. and Octavia st.
6-.N. E. cor. Hayes and Buchanan sts
1— E. s. Laguna, bet. Linden ave and Fell
8-VV - *• : Octavia. bet. Lily ave. and Page.
l*=w h V ° Or ; Market and Pearl sts.
l'— Uebster st., cor. Germania.
l^luoVn^n. IC^ cc a F elI Hal « '&.
*3k&£%. w°. %« Salgh°t fVebster -
15— Kroat of 107 Scott st. '
16— H30 Oak st.
Eft E. I c a o r e - b co t tt CC 1 d tl Sik a . Ve - '■"* M ™° 1 °-
J^Zw- B " J?, ak i r> 60 feet north of Fell.
J°-7 W - s. Clayton, south- of -Halght •
21-Termlnal Hotel, S. s. Haisrht near Stanv»n
Pr T ecVn"t TY - EIGHTH ASS^^ V D^ T «^T an -
Jt w - 8 - rankl ln. bet. Turk and Laurel ave
2-E.^s. Franklin, bet. • McAlltster^and Locust
8— S. E. cor. Franklin and Ash ave
4— Front of 610 Octavia st. - '
6— Golden Gate ave:, opp. Octavia st "■
6— N. W. cor. Laguna and Willow avo
I~w 8 - w- e St » er ' l et; Eddy and Ellis sts.
fcSr* b - Webster, bet. Eddy and Laurel ave .
9— W b. Buchanan, - bet -- ■ Turk - and Golden
10— Front of 952 Buchanan st. '
11— Front of 819 Webster st.
12—934 Pierce st. -
13— E. s. Stelner, bet. Eddy and Ellis
14— W. s. Pierce, bet. Eddy and Ellis.
15— E. s. COt i- bet ' Turk and Eddy sts.
iS~ §; s - Broderiek. bet. Fulton and Grove.
!•— « • B - L , : ? on 'b et - Fulton and Grove
IS— X s. McAllister, bet. Parker and North
, Stanyan sts. '■•'viw
THIRTY-NINTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT
i Precinct. . - ,
- I— E. b. Van Ness aye., bet. Linden and Fell
2-E. 8. Polk. bet. Fulton and Ash ave
3— E. s. Larkin, bet. Hayes and Grove
1 4— B. s. -Hyde , bet. McAllister and Golden
Gate ave.
s— Front of 110 Hyde st.
Front of 230 Hyde st.
: 7— Front of 330 Hyde st. .
W. 8. Hyde, bet. Eddy and Ellis.
9— TV. s. Polk, bet. Locust ave. and McAllister
10— W. b. Polk. bet. Turk and Elm ave
11— E. s. Polk, bet. Ellis and Willow ave. •
12—407 Hyde st. .
13— Front of 427 Ellis st. ./. V-^s^'* V-
14— s. Leavenworth, bet. Sutter and Post.
15— S. s. Post. 100 feet E. of Hyde st.
16—1020 Larkin st.
17— E. s. Polk, bet. O'Farrell and Myrtle ave.
IS— E. Polk, bet. Post and Cedar ave.
19— Front of 1350 Bush St..
20— a. Larkin, bet. California and Pine. -
21— E.s. Van Ness, N. of California st 150 feet
FORTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Precinct.
W. s. Franklin, bet. Austin ave. and Pine st
2— E. s. Franklin, bet. Post and Geary.
3—1669 Post st. ttpass&arer --..- ■.
— W. s. Laguna, bet. Bush and Sutter.
5— E. s. Octavia, bet. Austin ave. and Bush. '
— S. s. Pine, bet. Buchanan and Laguna.
— S. s. Sacramento, 50 feet W. Fillmore.
8— s. Bush, 60 feet W. Fillmore.
> 9— s. Webster, bet. Post and Geary.
10—1625 Flllmore. ■ : ■■ /
11— E. s. Pierce, bet. Bush and Pine.
Front of 2721 California st. V
13— E. s. Broderick, bet. Bush and Pine.
' 14— 2107 Geary st. , : . :
15— E. s. Baker, bet. Sutter and Post.
16— W. ft. Lyon, bet. Pine and California. .
17 — N. W. cor. Cook and Point Lobos ave. -'■
18— S. E. cor. Henderson ave. and Point Lobos.
19— N. W. cor. i Point Lobos. ave. and Ninth.
20—5124 Point Lobos ave. ' ■ .
FORTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Precinct.
I— E. s. Larkln, bet. Washington and Jackson
sta.
; ADVERTISEMENTS. ____
2— Front of 1524 Hyde st.
3— W. s. Hyde, N. Union.
4— W. s. Larkin. near Lombard st. Vftllplo
5— W. s. Larkin, bet. Broadway and vaiiejo
6-S. S s S " Pacific, bet. Larkin and Polk
7— N. s. Clay, bet. Polk and Van In ess aie.
B— Front of 2020 Pacific. m..Wnetoii
9-E. s. Webster, bet. Clay and Washington.
10— S s. Vallejo, bet. Franklin and Gough.
11— E. cor. Union and Octavia sts.
12— N. s. Filbert, bet. Steiner and Flllmore.
13-N. s. Green, bet. Octavia and La * u "f-
lCs s. Vallejo. bet. Webster and Fillmore.
15— S. s. Clay, W. of Pierce. -Rrod-
16-N s. Jackson, bet. Devlsadero and Brod-
erick.
17— N. I'. Clay, E. of Baker. and Devisadero.
B— »! «. Greenwich, bet. Scott and Devlsaaero.
19—206 Maple ave. ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
FORTY-SECOND ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
n^ Golden Gate ave.. bet. Market and
Jones. . - - ■- ■ ' .
2— Front of 222 Taylor St.
3— S. s Eddy, bet. Taylor and Jones.
. 4— E. s. Taylor, bet. Ellis and O'Farrell.
5— E. s. Taylor, bet. O'Farrell and Geary.
6— S. W. cor. Geary and Taylor.
7— S. s. Sutter, bet. Taylor and Jones. •
B— N. s. Bush, bet. Jones and Leavenworth.
9— E. s. Leavenworth. bet. California and Pint.
10— s. Bush. bet. Taylor and Jones sts.
11— Front of 1215 Mason St. " ,; •
12— N. W. cor. Pacific and Taylor sts.
13— E. s. Hyde, bet. Pine and California.
14-W. s. Leavenworth. bet. Clay and V. ash-
15— E.^f Leavenworth, bet. Pacific and Broad-
FORTY-THIRD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Precinct. ' ■
I— Front of 112 Mason st. .-».-. „
2— W. s. Stockton, bet. Ellis and O Farrell.
3— s. Post, bet. Stockton and Powell.
4— E. s. Stockton, bet. Geary and Morton.
5— W. s. Stockton, bet. Post and Sutter.
Front of 711 Bush st. , .^; ".?.,.
7— S s. Bush, 50 feet W. of Stockton.
B— N. W. cor. Pine and Stockton.
9— W. a. Dupont, bet. California and Fine.
10— Front of 43-1 Bush st. ,„
11— s. Stockton, bet. Broadway and Pacmo.
12— W." s. Stockton, bet. Washington and Jack-
13— E. s. Mason, bet. Sacramento and California.
14— Front of 1322 Mason, bet. Pacific and John
FORTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Precinct. !
. I— Front of 527 Green st. •
2— S. s. Green, E. of Dupont.
3— S. s. of Vallejo, W. of Stockton.
4— N. s. Union. E. of Stockton.
' 5— E s. Stockton, bet. Filbert and Greenwich.
6— b. Francisco, bet. Dupont and Stockton.
7— S. s. Chestnut, bet. -Powell and Mason.
B— X s. Francisco, bet. Powell and Mason.
9— Front of 623 Filbert st.
10— S. s. Greenwich, bet. Mason and Taylor.
H_S. W. cor. Powell and Union sts.
12— Front of 605 Green st.
13— E. s. Taylor, bet. Lombard and Montgomery
14— E. s'. Leavenworth, bet. Broadway and
Glover. .  , . ■■ '■/; ;
15— W. cor. Greenwich and Taylor sts.
FORTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT,
Precinct.
I— S. s. Bush, "W. of Montgomery st. -
• 2— S. s. Pine, E. of Montgomery st. .
3— s. Sacramento, E. of Sansome.
4— s. Sacramento. W. of Montgomery.
s— Front of 14 Montgomery ave.
6— s. SanBorae. :N. of Washington st.
7_Front of 203 East st. '
B— E. s. Sansome, bet. Pacific and Broadwa?
9— Front of 434 Pacific St.
10— Front of 526 Pacific st.
11— E. s. Sansome, bet. Broadway and vallejo.
12— E. s. Kearn:-, bet. Green and Union.
FOR
MAYOR:
JAMES D. PHELAN,
REGULAR
DEMOCRATIC
AND
NON-FA RTI3AN
•'■■ ■ ■ NOMINEE.
FOR. . .
SHERIFF,
T. F. BONNET,
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND NON-
'"• PARTISAN NOMINEE, ;, ; ,
FOR. . .
PUBLIC. . .
ADMINISTRATOR,
A. C. FEEBSE
INDEPENDENT
NOMINEE.
FOR ASSESSOR,
JOHN D. SIEBE
(PRESENT INCUMBENT).
rEr^UCAN. NON-PARTISAN AT" > POP-
XJIJST NOMINEE.
' (~\ I. J. TRUMAN
it* I* h FOR j-'-:
y$J TREASURER.
jfc&*''''%\. Republican. Non-Partitan and Citi-
y&»&ffi-M£h tens' Republican Noaiines.
WW Voting Number 23.
VOTE FOR
JUDGE LOUDERBACK.
A vote for Davis Louder back for
Superior Judge is a vote for pur-
ity in the administration of jus-
— free from corporation and
political influences.
FOR RAILROAD COMMISSIONER. . .
CHAS.S.LAUMEISTER
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
ASA R. WELLS,
FOR AUDITOR. v
Republican, Non-Partlsan and Citizens' Re-
publican Nominee. Voting Number 7.
DR. ED. E. HILL
For CORONER.
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND PEOPLE' 3
PARTY NOMINEE.
FOR AUDITOR. . .
JOHNy.GRADY
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC A. D PEOPLE 3
PARTY NOMINEE.
VOTE FOR. . .'' ■:'-.\:v'-' ; ; ' ' -'''•
DR. C. C. O' DONNELL
FOR CORONER
AND Ti:_ DEAD WILL BE "RESPECTED.
AMERICANS!
ATTENTION ! '
If possible, do not vote till
afternoon.
GEO.L. FITCH, M.D.,
Ch&irm&n Citizens' Independent Party
Election Warrants Bought
J. BOAS, 330 Montgomery St.THIS IS THE RECORD OF
MAYOR JAMES D. PH ELAN
To attain his political ends be bas resorted to the n)ost despicable methods known to the political "boss."
He has slighted and insulted tbe great n)ass of his followers by denying them tbe right of primary elections.
He has "colonized" certain of his nominees for Supervisors, because, as he said, be could not find bonest Democrats in those wards.
After denouncing one faction of bis party as unroeasurably corrupt, he sought to enter into an alliance Witb those saroe corruptionists, whereby he
agreed to surrender one-tbird of tbe city patronage and the party organization to tbem in return for their support.
He bas been publicly denounced by Rev. Peter C. Yorke, cbancellor of the Catholic churcb, as a falsifier and enemy to his cburcb.
He bas openly advocated tbe lowering of wages to the barest pittance.
He refused to sign the ordinance providing for the repaying of Market street witb biturr>en.
He so far neglected bis duties as a public officer as to enable ex-Treasurer Widber to rob tbe city of $116,000, of which $16,000 loss n>ust fall upon
tbe taxpayers.
That he rt)ight retain absolute control of the Democratic party, he "packed" the municipal convention witb a resident of Marin County.
He has sought to interfere with the contract for lighting of streets and public buildings. He is financially interested in an opposition con>pany
tbat would be benefited by a contract with the city.
He has endeavored to use tbe MercbaQts' Association, a purely non-political organization, to advance his political aspirations.
WHY YOU SHOULD
VOTE FOR PATTON
A Few of the Reasons That Ap
peal to the Minds of Honest-
Minded Voters of This
Municipality.
FIRST. — He is a representa
tive citizen — a gentleman with
out a single blot upon his char
acter — an able, independent, hon
orable man.
SECOND.— He is a Republi
can — the regular nominee of the
Republican party. He stands for
its principles and upon its plat
form. He believes that San Fran
cisco should give President Mc-
Kinley a vote of confidence by
recording a good majority for the
entire State and local tickets.
THIRD. — He is his own
"boss" and is under no obligation
to any other. He is not con
trolled by any combination of
either politics or capital. He
does not aspire to be a boss, nor
will he use the Mayoralty as a
stepping-stone for other ambi
tions. He has but one ambition,
that of giving to San Francisco a
clean, honest, economical admin
istration of its municipal affairs —
an administration which through
all the future its people may look
back upon with pride.
FOURTH.— He is for the new
charter and its adoption by the
Legislature. He believes that
the people of San Francisco are
entitled, as a matter of right, to
the ratification of the organic law
which they have drafted and ap
proved.
FIFTH. — He believes in a
iiollar limit of taxation upon a
valuation of $350,000,000 of the
taxable property of San Fran-
AFRO-AMERICANS MEET.
[Eloquent Words of Praise for the Re
publican Party.
The Afro-American league called a
meeting last night for the purjiose of |
strengthening the spirit of Republican- j
Ism among the rank and file of the col- i
ored population of San Francisco. Al
though detrimental influences diminished
the attendance, the hall was crowded
with enthusiastic Republicans, who
cheered and shouted for the candidates
on the grand old party's ticket whenever
th? occasion offered.
After the ordinary business of the
league wae transatced Mr. Morton, a for
mer president of the society, arose and \
addressed' tho audience on the purpose ;
of the meeting. He said that it was the
last moment before the all-important day j
■which means so much to the African de
scendants in this country, and he bade
all think twice before they cast their
votes. Ho said: "Let us vot<> for the par- i
ty which made it possible for our race
to h<-.ld up our heads and say that we are
free men. I>t us vote 'for the party j
which gave us a voice in government, j
Let us vote for the party which worked (
for humanity In the dark days of despair
nnd gave us* freedom. Let us show that
WARNING TO INTENDING ILLEGAL VOTERS.
8
Registrar of Voters Biggy issues the following warning to any per- £
son or persons who may attempt to violate the election laws to-day: £
there are a number of doubtful names on the Great Beg- <
ister, special precautions have bsen taken to prevent any illegal £
ballots being cast. These names have been checked off, and spe- £
cial f^puties, detectives and police officers are on guard to prevent <
viol.#on of the laws. Any person arrested on such a charge will £
be summarily dealt with. £
The Grand Jury will be In continuous session until the election *
is over and the ballots canvassed, and indictments will be imme- *
diately found against violators of the law. ■/• „
No consideration or leniency will be shown any one charged £
with attempting to corrupt the ballot, no matter what political pull £
or personal influence is brought to bear upon the Election Commis-
sioners. <
Intending law-breakers take timely warning. y
Cisco and to the strict confine
ment of the city's expenditures to
that limit.
SIXTH.— He is in favor of
paying every laborer fair and
ample wages, and is pledged to
insist upon the rate of $2 for a
day of eight hours to every la
borer either directly or indirectly
under the city's employ.
SEVENTH.— He is in favor
of an honest and equitable valua
tion of the property 01 the great
corporations for the purpose of
taxation, and of a like valuation
as a basis for the fixation of
water, gas and other rates of
those corporations which are sub
ject to regulation by law.
EIGHTH.— He will faithfully
perform every duty of his office
exactly as prescribed by law. He
will see and count the city money.
He will attend the meetings of
even' board of which he is a
member and wfll exercise a strict
and watchful supervision over
even r department of municipal
affairs.
NINTH. — He is not a politi
cian — he is not an office-seeker —
he is not a demagogue — he is not
a boss. He is a property-holder
and taxpayer of our city. He has
but one pledge outstanding. He
pledges himself to the people of
San Francisco that if elected
Mayor he will honestly, impar
tially and to the best of his ability
administer the duties of the office
in conformity with their wishes
and in accordance with law.
we are men, and that we are true to the
people who have fought for our cause
and who were ever our friends."
Mr. Morton's words were received with
great attention. At the close of his speech
the audience arose in their seats and
gave three cheers for the Republican par
ty. The namfs of Patton and Gage were
then mentioned and they «yoked like ap
plause.
Rev. Tyndall Brown was called upon for
a few words. He said: "Gentlemen, it
is with deep pleasure that I address you
to-night, the eve of election, when all of
us should feel that we have something in
common: The success of the grandest po
litical party this country has ever known
or the world has ever seen. To-morrow
when you cast your votes remember
there is one party that has ever been la
boring for the cause of humanity, that
has wrought on the page of history the
noblest work that has ever been acom
pllshed and achieved the greatest sue
cesses in the memory of man. Jt is your
duty as men to see that that party is still
continued in power that the good work
may still go on."
The candidates who dropped in from
time to time were welcomed with enthu
siastic greetings, and the meeting closed
with reverential promises for a united
balloting on the morrow.
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CAIX, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1893.
CHOOSE BETWEEN THESE TWO MEN.
MAGUIRE AND
PHELAN END
THEIR FIGHT
Last Cry Against the
Republicans.
JOB-CHASERS HOPE TO WIN
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE THE
SCENE OF FINAL EXIT.
Two Colorado Orators Tell Califor
nians How to Vote — Fusionists
Submit Their Case to
the People.
Worn out by the long campaign the
Democratic orators and Jobchasers wound
up their fight last night at Metropolitan
Temple. With husky voices they labori
ously praised Maguire and Phelan and
denounced the Republican ticket until
they were compelled to stop from ex
haustion or by the impatience of the
audience. "Corporate powers," "rail
road," "Huntington," "robbery." and all
the old battle cries were repeated and re
peated up to the hour of midnight.
According to William Blumfield, who
called the big crowd to order, the meeting
was under the auspices of the laboring
men. P. H. McCarthy, president of the
Building Trades Council, was Introduced
ns chairman. He made an impassioned
appeal to the labor vote to support Ma
guire, Phelan and Barry at the polls to
day, and after repeating his arguments
several times, finally, at the suggestion
of one of the officials on the platform, he
introduced Herman Gutfltadt, another
worklngman. Gutstadt spoke for ten
minutes, going over the ground which
has been plowed and harrowed by all
the Democratic campaign orators, and
closed with an exhortation to voters to
support the entire Democratic ticket.
Lafe Pence, the Colorado Congressman,
followed, and, although very hoarse, he
talked for five minutes, eulogizing Ma
guire and praising the work of the 'Met
tle Giant" In Confess. He thought that
nothing could be more fitting than that
the final outpouring on behalf of Ma
guire should be by workingmen, and he
urged the laborers to keep step on elec
tion day as they do in Labor day parades.
M. F. Taylor, who spoke here two years
ago for Bryan, was the next speaker, and
he entertained the audience for an hour
or more. His address was confined al
most wholly to national issues, with occa
sional eulogistic flights in behalf of Ma
guire and Phelan. He predicted the elec
tion of Kryan in 1900, and devoted several
minutes of unstinted praise to the 16 to 1
champion. He also likened Maguire to
Lincoln as an emancipator.
\V. F. Taylor, the next speaker, was re
peatedly interrupted by his audience, and
at the close received a big ovation.
W. M. Hinton said a few words about
the railroad, and then retired.
T. W. B. Leland. Louis Bartlett and L.
READ ELECTION NEWS FROM THE
DOME OF THE CALL BUILDING
RESULTS OF TO-DAY'S ELECTIONS WILL BE TOLD !
WITH COLORED EIRE, AS FOLLOWS i
IF GAGE IS ELECTED— Red fire at intervals of five minutes for thirty minutes. ;
IF MAGrUIRE IS ELECTED— YeIIow fire at intervals of five minutes for thirty ;
minutes. . '
IF STATE IS DOUBTFUL— BIue fire at intervals of five minutes for thirty 1
minutes. <
IF PHELAN IS ELECTED— Red, closely followed by blue, every five minutes for \
thirty minutes. J
IF PATTON IS ELECTED— YeIIow, closely followed by blue, at intervals of five «
minutes for thirty minutes. „ <
IF MAYOR IN DOUBT— Red, closely followed by yellow, at intervals of five <
minutes for thirty minutes. \
IF NEW YORK STATE IS DEMOCRATIC— Red, yellow and blue, in quick sue- {
cession, at intervals of five minutes for thirty minutes. j
IF NEW YORK STATE IS REPUBLICAN— YeIIow, blue and red, in quick sue- J
passion, every five minutes for thirty minutes. <
F. Byington pledged themselves to be
honest if elected Supervisors.
Judge Maguire entered at this point and
begged for a breathing spell before deliv
ering his farewell address. After a quar
tet had delivered a consignment of cam
paign doggerel, I. M. Mulholland. who
wants to be Surveyor-General, asked the
audience if they would vote for him, and
receiving a few faint affirmatives said
"that's all" and retired.
Chairman McCarthy then asked M. F.
Taylor to introduce Judge Maguire. Ma
guire said that everywhere throughout
the State he had met with a cordial and
enthusiastic reception, not for himself,
but because of the principles for which
he stands.
"The battle is drawing to a close, the
testimony is in, the arguments have been
made," said Maguire, "and I believe that
we shall win. The blow will be so severe
. that the corporate monopolies will never
| again attempt to make a fight in the
open."
He declared that he had reliable In
formation that the Republican ticket was
losing ground all over the State. He said
a few laudatory words for Barry and the
State ticket, and continued with a special
denunciation of the railroad and an ur
gent appeaJ to the voters to vote for
Democratic legislators.
Maguire's closing words were: "The
case is tried, the Issues are drawn and
I leave It in your hands to decide the
result."
Dr. Washington Dodge then made his
bow and said he had lost his voice in
conducting a campaign of education.
Then he declared that all the evil and
selfish interests of the city were sup
porting Assessor Siebe. He declared he
was fighting for a principle and. only his
love for the people impelled him to enter,
the fight for Assessor. ■ , *
Mayor Phelan thanked the chairman for
introducing: him as the next Mayor and
said the . work was over . and . •he only
wished to say a word for the other can
didates on the Democratic ticket. He de
clared they were all good, pure, honest
men who only wish to get political posi
tions for the purpose of looking after the
Interests of the dear people who were be
ing robbed by monopoly, etc. He railed
against bossism and declared that under
the existing conditions it was a badge of.
ill-repute for a man to hold a municipal
position. He wanted to dignify labor by
driving out the rascals and putting in
men of his own selection. He fervently
declared he never wanted to see the la
borer ♦ V educed - but that he did at
tempt to reduce the incomes of the
bloated bondholders who own the public
utilities. Then he submitted his case, as
serting he would abide by the result.
Osgocui Putnam acted as a buffer for
James H. Barry, who was out of voice,
disappear^? made hIS far6Well bow and
a /h d&8 Bo l de ? was introduced, express
tnr,rt Ji ?;? S i^n,. belns received and said
good night- William Craig, in a husky
voice, said he was out of his district and
lost his voice preaching the doctrine of
fusion. ,
James H. Barry was the last card in
the deck and he closed the meeting with
a last grand torrent of invective against
the opposition.
Of course all the orators and would-be
office holders predicted the overwhelming
defeat of Gage and Patton.
THE WASTE KILLS
THE WASTE KILLS
THE WASTE KILLS
- THE WASTE KILLS
THE WASTE KILLS ,/
i o J THE WASTE KILLS
Stopped THE WASTE KILLS <
in a THE WASTE KILLS
I Week THE WASTE KILLS
A WASTING AWAY OF THE TISSUES
*■* of the body is shown in the decline
of power and in the premature ' condi-
tions existing. No man can hope to be a
strong, vigorous fellow whose nights are
sleepless, whose days are melancholy.
No man can hope to get back his vim
and vigor if he continues in sorrow and
despair to waste and waste away. Yes,
you must stop the waste, you must stop
the loss. Losses, drains, weakness, blues
lead to greater evils. Evil dreams, dizzi-
ness, falling sensations carry the victim .
to the goal of vice.
WHAT CURES?
It is now known that you are the vic-
tim of your own folly or your own early
indiscretions. Now you wish for a sure
and lasting cure.
¥ ICTEHI
LISTEN:
1000 men in the State of California suf-
fered from these disorders, 1000 men used
Hudyan, 1000 men say Hudyan cures, 1000
men are now leading the good lives they
desired. Is it not, then, true to say Hud-
yan cures? It does cure. Hudyan cures -
diseases and disabilities of men. Hudyan -
cures spermatorrhoea, failing, declining
manhood. Hudyan cures weak back
Cures all losses, all enfeeblements. Write
for ■ .
I NEW CIRCULARS. \
Or call and see the Hudson Doctors. ~ . 1 '
3fl-T)s»v Curt* Cures all forms of blood
OV UAJ Hire poison, blood disorders,
whether in the first, sec-
30*Day Core %%?i o ?*%s*&cs£?-
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
CONSULT THE DOCTORS FREE.
CONSULT THE DOCTORS FREE.
CONSULT THE DOCTORS FREE*
Ff $1.75
FORFALL
A real bargain. Special for this
week. Ladies' Fine Dongola Kid
Lace Shoes, new coin toes and patent
leather tips, double soles, circular
vamps, and heel foxing; >n excep-
tionally good shoe, sold tor $1.75,
worth 52.50. * All sizes, 2% to 8;
widths A to E.
Ladies' Full Vamp Foothold Rub-
bers, with broad, round toes, reduced,
from 40c to 2Oc.
Men's Foothold Rubbers, 25c.
SPECIAL— A 18-page book of Views
of the Late War will be forwarded to
anyone sending us the names of 25
ladies residing in the country.
Alaska Seal Shoes, Lace or Congress... s3 00
Alaska Seal Shoes, with Cork 501e5.... 3 50"
Black Box Calf Shoes for .., 3 00
Country Orders solicited.
Send for Illustrated Catalogue.
B. KATCHINSKI,
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 Third St., San Francisco.
i p DBiiU'C fob EITHER SEX.
!,C DnUN o This remedy being in-
j«w«/>«i directly to the
Gjr seat of those diseases
Q . & S of the Oenito-Urinary
MS BSE) Organs, requires no
Co gig chance of diet, Cure
— 2S— staA guaranteed in 1 to 8
Hutu- Small plain pack-
4"% 7TQ "BT 6 a « e b-Vb -V mail » •LOO,
C3 5J Mfe-Jft- 11 — S3 <>nlv by
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sole Agenta,
214 Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal. ■ • :- ~
Use Z* 3^
Facial Soap KIJ? Facial Cream.
If anything alls your Skin. Scalp, Complex-
ion or Hair, call on or write Dermatologist
JOHN 11. WOODBURY. 127 West 42d St., New
York. 163 State st., Chicago. Use Woodbury'*
Facial Soap, Facial Cream. Facial and Tooth
Powder. Sold everywhere.
I^^DR. BALL'S REINYIQORATOR
iJpp^BgtS Five hundred reward for any case
3H ESBfi we cannot cure. This secret remedy
SDR. HALL'S REINYIGORATOR
Five hundred reward for any case
we cannot cure. This secret remedy
stop3 all losses In 21 hour?:, cures
SSS ESS? Emissions. Impotency, Varieocele,
9«fl RfW Gonorrhoea. Gleet, Fits, Strictures,
Xhi > Ix, I Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
Slal k^^ fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
SSsSiSj sealed, s2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE £55 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Alto
for. sale at 1073V4 Market St.. S. F. All pri-
vate diseeases quickly cured. , Send for free book.
___^ — — — j ■ — ——
E j)
MARKET SLSf.'SE*^"'
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. TUB
great Mexican remedy; give* health ana
•veß«tb to »exuja organs. Depot, 323 MtrlMt*
34
SHERMAN GUIDED BOTH
THE BANKS TO RUIN
dr. r. h. McDonald warned his so.n
to Beware of the Arch
Conspirator.
STORY OF DE YOUNG'S AMBITION.
Domestic Tragedy of the Aged Banker's Life.
One Hundred Thousand Dollars for a
Divorce.
In the strange secret history of the
ruin of the Pacific Bank the letters of
t>r. R. H. McDonald reveal one of the
greatest domestic tragedies that was
ever enacted in this State.
After the old banker had passed three
gcore and ten he found himself ruined
and his private fortune in jeopaxdy. In
discussing his affairs and those of his
son he took no pains in choosing his
words, and in his bitter condemnation
of his own family he expressed facts
that are now of primary public impor
tance.
The old man in his despair attributed
to the immorality of his sons the cause
of the impending ruin that was about
to come upon both of the great local
banks.
In the letters The Call publishes this
morning Dr. McDonald prophetically
warned his son Richard against the
men who had surrounded the young
banker and were leading him into chi
merical projects and disastrous specu
lations. In these letters the old man
advised his son particularly to beware
of Moses H. Sherman. The arch con
spirator had led the Pacific Bank, as
the old man dramatically said, "into
the very jaws of the lion." Dr. Mc-
Donald begged his son not to trust this
man and to divorce himself as quickly
as possible from him and all his in
terests. This counsel was reiterated
time and again and was unheeded.
The old man also urged his son to be
ware of Dr. William Jenningson, an
other parasite that, like Sherman, had
attached himself to the Pacific Bank.
In the Letters that are published this
morning there ii^ much of incidental
timely inter..st. In one of his letters
the old man forgets his domestic un
happiness, and for the moment seems
also to forget his financial troubles, and
discusses politics. In the latter part
of 1892 M. H. de Young appeared to be
a most formidable aspirant for the po
sition of United States Senator. H>
had, so people thought, formed an alli
ance with Collis P. Huntington and the
Southern Pacific, and expected to be at
the following session of the Legislature
elected to the United States Senate. Dr.'
R. H. McDonald and M. H. de Young
had been and were then bitter enemies,
and Dr. McDonald -declared that he.
would consider the election of M. H. de
Young i" the' -Unfied-- Statejs Senate
nothing less than a ■public' calamity.
That opinion was given six years ago,
and may have more than timely inter
est now.
In the letters that are given to the
public this morning the people of San
Francisco will also learn for the first
time that it cost Dr. R. H. McDonald
$100,000 to get Clara Belle McDonald
out of the family. This may or may
not indicate how much it costs young
millionaires to secure a divorce in the
Superior Omrts of this county. In the
preparation of the divorce proceedings
that resulted in the legal separation of
R. H. McDonald Jr. and his wife a very
considerable amount of peculiar de
tective work had to be done and the
letters that The Call will publish in
their proper place will indicate how
cleverly and consciencelessly a promi
nent attorney of this city accomplished
the work. There js probably in all the
secret correspondence of the Pacinc
Bank no more dramatic letter than
that which Dr. McDonald wrote in
vivid description of his dream that his
son Richard had been assassinated on
i h<> streets of New York.
THE DOMESTIC TRAGEDY- OF DR
McDONALD'S LIFE.
It required the father of Richard H.
McDonald Jr. to denounce him more
bitterly and to condemn him more
scathingly than any critic of th*> young
man had ever done. On October 23 the
elder McDonald impaled his son with
hi£ bitter invective ar.d fatherly de
i >:w iatii'T. It was in discusgton of the
son's mode of living and the moral
Qualities that he had displayed in his
relations wivh men and women. The
letter possesses a tragic int. rest, eman
ating as it does from a source that most
men honor and hold inA-iolably sacred.
The old man had telegraphed his son
that^ he had learned <>i that son's ap
proaching marriage to a woman upon
whom the father did not look with fa-
Vor. In answer to that telegram which
the father included in his answering
letter, young McDonald ilippantly tele
graphed as follows:
'Your ti Legxam a mystery. I nor
any one I know of or you know intends
marrying at present. I might for about
five millions. I would not now surren
der my liberty for less than that."
The elder McDonald was evidently
stunned by the heartless answer of his
AD VERT ISEME i*TS.
Pears'
Only they who
use it know the
luxury of it.
son and on a Sunday afternoon he pen
ned the fallowing letter:
YONKERS, N. -T., Oct. 23, 1892.
Mv Dear Son Richard: I regrret you
couid not have sent nic a more direct
and clear answer to my dispatch in
stead of that roundabout nonsensical
wording- trashy meaning making up
two-thirds of your reply.
I think it would be much more hon
orable, respectable and profitable to
you and especially so to me if you
would marry some highly respectable
woman in open day with my consent
and approval than to live the sly, mys
tpripus, secret (as you suppose) and in
many respects dishonorable life you
are living. It is not creditable or pleas
ing to me. It is dishonorable to the
father who bore you and who has at
ail times tried to elevate and make a
first-class man of you. You have made
one self-willed and secret marriage
which came near ruining me finan
cially and may finally do so in the end.
You have made you, myself and the
entire family famous in a great dis
graceful scandal, the damage none of
us can free ourselves of while we live
in this world, and in all probability the
end is not.
It does seem to me that at this time
you should have learned a little com
mon sense, but from your present con
dition I doubt if you have any. Bad
conduct of yours does not stop with
you, but reflects itself disadvantage
r.tisly on ever}' business and business
transaction with which you have any
thing to do, to say nothing of the
moral oblkiuitv the taint of which can
never be bounded or known. Great and
vital responsibilities are now resting
:i you and the results depend as
much 'upon your good conduct and
character as almost anything or all
things together. Affectionately your
father. R, H. McDON T AX,D.
THE OLD MAN'S SIGNIFICANT DIS
CUSSION OF THE SENATORSHIP.
In glaring contrast to the foregoing
epistle was a letter written by the elder
nald to his son, Richard, on Octo
ber 26, 1592. In this leUer the old gen
lieman seems for the moment to have
forgotten his own affairs and the af
fairs of hjs children. He rested for an
interval in his struggle wit,h his do
mestic unhappiness and his financial
uncertainty to discuss politics and par
ticularly ttue contest, that iva* then bet
ing waged between Collis P. Huhting
.nd Leland Stanford to determine
who would be the next United States
Senator from California. In this letter
Dr. McDonald voices an opinion that It
would be a public calamity for M. H.
de Young to be elected United States
Senator from this State.
He declared it to be his opinion that
Mr. de Young had neither ability nor
principle, but that he seemed to
<haye a very strong support in the
h aids ofCoHis P. Huntingdon. Further
than tSat Dr. McDonald was very fear
ful that with such a support backed
by all the machinery of the Southern
Pacific Railroad Mr. de Young might
be -elected. It seems remarkable that
incidents that are now disturbing and
interesting the public mind should have
called from his aged bank president a
letter of singular coincidence which he
commanded his son to destroy as soon
as he had read.
Kx-erpts from Dr. McDonald's ex
tremely interesting and perhaps timely
letter are as follow?:
NEW YORK, Oct. 26, 1592.
My Dear Son Riehara: Yours of the
19th before me in which you speak of
the strongly contested Senatorship be
tween Mr. Huntington and Governor
Stanford. I shall feel it a calamity to
have such a man as De Young elected
Senator, without either ability or good
principles, in my judgment, but he
seems to have a very strong support
in the hands of Mr. Huntington, and if
he has taken a decided stand on that
question, It will be very likely to have
him elected, for he now has all the
machinery of the Southern Pacific
Railroad in his hands which is the
great power and always has been.
This power has hitherto supported
governor Stanford, but he's now on
the outside to a great extent and
Huntington on the inside. However,
it is barely possible that we might get
a worse man if Stanford should be
successful. It is my impression that
Mr. Cleveland will be elected our next
President, and by a much larger ma
jority than most -of his friends claim
he w r ill be.
I hope you will not bother your
brain one way or another about poli
tic?. It will in the end be likely to
break down Mr. Dorn in his business
and I am sorry that he is taking such .
an active part in politics. Truly and
affectionately,
r. h. McDonald.
A PROPHETIC WARNING TO BE-
WARE OF DR.-W. JENNINGSON.
Dr. McDonald had a very low opinion
in regard to his son Richard's choice of
business advisers and on November 1
he bitterly denounced pr. W. Jenning
son, one of Dick McDonald's most per
sistent parasites. Dr. McDonald did
not like Dr. Jenningson and urged Dick
to send him home to San Francisco. He
declared that the man was utterly use
leas and a general nuisance. Jenning
son had traveled various parts of this
State for Dick, had gone to New York
and had persuaded his master to send
him to London and Liverpool. Before
making these long journeys, Jenning
son had assured the young banker that
he could float some of the securities
in the English cities. As a matter of
fact he" could do nothing of the sort and
as might have been expected he return
ed with nothing of advantage to the
Pacific Bank. In the following letter
Dr. McDonald makes allegations far
more serious than incompetency
against Dr. Jenningson:
SARATOGA, N. V., Nov. 1, 1832.
My Dear Son Richard: Dr. Jenning
son is of no use hore. T don't know
what new business you may have for
him to attend to here, but his stay
here has been fruitless of any use,
so far as I know or haiye • been able
to. learn. I confess that I nave how and
have'always had a poor opinion of Dr.
Jenningson, and I have wondered how
it is that you have hid such confi
dence and so much to cfo-.with him. .
He- is a smart, cunning fallow, always
with his sails to the wind, and talks
of what he has done aod what results
are to follow, but these promises do
not come out so. So - far as. I have
been able to learn from him 'or' others
he marie some sure and fine arrange
ments for getting a number of thou
sand of dollars of the assets of the de
funct bank In San Diego. I have been
asking him about the moneys to come
THE SAN FEA^CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1898.
Into our hands. He does not now Beem
to know much of anything about them,
and I think if he did secure anything
there the best use he can be put to is
to go there and look after matters
there. I fear the time will come when
you will regret ever having, had busi
ness with thla man. Affectionately,
your father, R. H. McDONALD.
A BITTER DENUNCIATION OF THE
YOUNG BANKER'S ADVISERS.
One of Dr. R. H. McDonald's most
important letters was written at Sara
toga Springs, New York, and showed
conclusively that the old man was not
only interested in the affairs of his in
solvent banks but was nervously con
cerned as to the future. The writer
was in his habitual mood of bitterness
and when in that mood he took no
pains to choose hia words. In the let
ter that will follow he struck right and
left at Dick's advisers, calling them in
plain English the names he believed
characterized them be?t, and warning
Dick as he had done many times be
fore to be on his guard. He begged
Dick to remember that D. M. Tomblin
had broken one bank before he came to
them and his judgment was not the
best in the world. The old man took
another fling at Jenningson and made
some rather cutting remarks in refer
ence to "scoundrel, cutthroat law
yers." As an introduction to the epis
tle Dr. McDonald expressed his opin
ions in his customary emphatic way
in reference to the local campaign in
which L. R. Ellert was the candidate
for Mayor, and in which M. H. de
Young used the influence of his paper
against him. The epistle Is as follows:
SARATOGA SPRINGS, Nov. 2, 1592.
My Dear Son Richard: Your brief let
ter of the 26th ult. Is before me. You
say local politics are running high and
that danger of collision is threatened
and that somebody is likely to get ■
hurt. The more matters are stirred
up the better for the city. There is no
danger from agitation. I hope the
Alert ticket will be elected. That la
the people's ticket I believe, and that
the miserable blackmailing curse may
miss his aim, for which he is no more
fitted than the ordinary drag horse.
If I were there I know where 1 would
"be. The Call and Bulletin are right - ;
this time. I think as for Huntington ,
and his gang all they -are af tfer • is
. spoils, but it is natural to say such
about the matter. When does the Ce
dar River coal mine fall into our hands
by liquidation?
What have you done with those
scoundrel, cutthroat lawyers that
managed the Cedar River matter? Do
you allow Tomblin to make any con
tracts for anything now, or depend
much on his judgment about any busi
ness matter? It will not do to trust
his judgment. I think he is honest,
but an enthusiast. He broke one bank
before he came with us. What has be
come of Balrd of the Madera Bank?
Such a man as he should be confined
for life. Is there any immediate pros
pect of getting the money from Eng
land that Dr. Jenningson went over to
see about? Don't forget it — I don't
have much confidence in Dr. Jenning
son. I hope the Bank Commissioners
will make a satisfactory report for us
at the Pacific Bank. Burn this letter
after reading. Affectionately your
. father, R. H. McDONALD.
THE OLD MAN'S GUILTY KNOWL-
EDGE OF THE AFFAIRS OF
THE BANK.
Two days later affairs had reached a
critical stage in the affairs of the
Riverside Bank. R. H. McDonald Jr.
saw that he could no longer endure the
constant demand of the Dyers for
money. He realized that they were
sinking and were dragging the Pacific
Bank down. He rushed new men and
spies to Riverside to harass and bad
ger Miss E. C. Dyer, the sister of O. T.
Dyer, and the cashier of the Riverside
Bank. Mlbs Dyer immediately tele
graphed to her brother in New York
that Dick's agents, through their indis
cretion, would excite a run on the bank.
This dispatch called forth the following
telegram from the elder McDonald to
his son in this city:
SARATOGA. Nov. 4. 1892.
R. H. McDonald Jr., Pacific Bank
San Francisco: D. needed here for Im
portant business. Observe instrue
tiqns in my letter. Use no violent
measures. Send no more threatening
or abusive letters or telegrams. K <-<.!>
all your men away from Riverside.
Keep matters absolutely private from
outside parties or you will dri mage mat
ters here. All will come right I
think. R. H. McDONALD.
And the public was deluded, to be
lieve that the elder McDonald know
nothing of the affairs of the bank after
he had fled from this city.
A FATHERS TERRIBLE ARRAIGN-
MENT OF HIS CHILDREN.
After tlie foregoing telegram was re
ceived by R. H. McDonald Jr. new
troubles arose to assault and disturb
his piece of mind. Same of his lady
friends conceived and carried into effect
a brilliant plan to blackmail Dick and
the young banker in distress wrote to
his father for advice. In reply the elder
McDonald wrote one of the bitterest
letters of*the whole series, denouncing
his living children and one, that was
dead, and calling upon the young bank
er that was fast leading his institutions
to ruin to turn to a moral life and all
that a moral life means. The letter
is as follows:
SARATOGA SPRINGS. N. T., N0v.5, 1892.
My Son Richard: These blackmail
ing women will soon die out if you
.will keep your mouth shut. They will
get some blackmail lawyer to start a
suit against you in all probability hop-
Ing to annoy and get a compromise
out of you, but never pay and don't
compromise. It does not matter how
hard the case, nineteen times out of
twenty that Is the best way out. I
am not surprised that you are getting
into trouble. I have been expecting: it,
but did not know how "It would come.
But you are likely to "catch it roughly
tifeloce you are dead. I never knew it
to fail in my life where a man or wo
man sets aside. bis fatherland moth
er's religious training and teaching
and their God, and turns away and
neglects his moral and religious duties,
then that God sends in some form a
scourge upon him to waken him to his
duties. You have absented yourself,
and I am of the opinion have kept bad
company. You kept away from your
THE OLD MAN'S VISION OF" DEATH.
"This morning at nearly 2 a. m. I awoke out of my sleep In great alarm and consternation. I had a vivid dream that I was walking along the
street and on the othersidelsawacrowd gathering, and I went over to see the cause, and as I came up I saw you being carried away in the arms of two
er three men. I, in great excitement, asked what had happened, and Mrs. Rlenzi said to me: 'I stuck a knife into him.' At this juncture I awoke. The
dream scene was and is now as strong and plain in my mind as if it had been an enacted reality.
"It has been some time since I have had one thought of her in any way. I have no faith in dreams, but merely mention this Incident to you; It
so excited me that it was a good while before I could again go to sleep. The old St. Paul clock near my window rang out the hour of two, just after
my waking which gave me the correct hour of the night."— Dr. R. H. McDonald in a letter to his son Richard.
church and good society and God
is whipping and will whip you for it
until correction and a better state or
things comes to you. And you may
laugh about what I say as much as
you please, but chastisement will lol
low until correction comes
Your brother John killed himself by
his own .acts. Think what you are
going to do, my boy. There is no ex
cuse for you. If my children go to
hell thev'will go there knowing bet
ter 'all the time and not from ignor
ance as so many do. Now, my boy,
I would like to have you turn about.
Change your life and connect your
self with the church. Affectionately
your father. R. H. McDONALD. •
"HUNTINGTON IS MAKING A CATS
PAW OUT OF YOU."
Having imparted some lessons of
morality, that were wasted on his son,
Dr McDonald wrote another letter the
same day, scorching Crank, the man
ager of the cable road of Los Angeles.
The old gentleman called Mr. Crank
some very hard names and at the same
time seized the opportunity to give D.
M. Tomblin another turn on the coals
of his wrath. These parts of the letter
that are significant are as follows:
My Dear Son Richard: You have al
lowed yourself as i am told to talk to
the vagabond, traitor and thief Krank.
:i pwstendW friend of ours but a traitor
an<l Bpy every inch of him, but smart
enough to talk with and pump the
whole insldes o£ a man of your, knowl
edge and experience. \o\i are no
match tor such a man as he and you
should kick him out of the house when
he comes in or at least keep your
mouth tightly closed in his presence.
Borne tliii k h»T<? that he has got some
inklings out or you that he has usc-d to
great prejudice. My son, I fear you
think you have grown to Know so
much that you are stepping out on to
new and dangerous and unfortunate
ground for the business. My son, go
slow and learn ail you can from the
others of us. You are sending that T.
hither and thither for information
about this and that and his whole
course of business has been full of mis
takes and I believe losses to us. lam
still more suprised at the letter you
wrote to that Jew Moses Sherman in
which you suy if you are any friend of
mine chuck Mr. Dyer on the nose and
eyes for me. This letter he has read
to Mr Dyer and rubs it under his nose
all the time and then sings, "Richard
is such a Rood friend of mine. Am
sorry he did it. Making worse for you
all the time. Have you gained confi
dence in the man? If you have I have
Now about that motor road in River
side that you were so anxious to sell
for a price offered by Mr. Huntington,
makingyouacitspawto pull the chest
nuts. Now, my boy. if you had known
as much as you ought to have known
you would not have acted as you did.
kuntington will be glad to get that
road in the end for $200,000. So you see
you think you know some things that
you do not know. Affectionately, your
father, R. H. McDONALD.
A SOLEMN WARNING TO BEWARE
OF M H. SHERMAN.
Three days later Dr. R. H. McDonald
again raised the lash over Dick's head.
The elder McDonald grew philosophic
and declared It had been one of the
cares of his life to determine what he
would commit to paper. He urged Dick
to be most particular in this regard
and never to write anything that would
injure if It were placed in print. At
the same time he again warned him to
be aware of Mr. Sherman. The letter,
for more reasons than one, is interest-
Ing and is as follows: .
SARATOGA SPRINGS, N. V., Nov. 8, 1592.
• My Dear Son Richard: After read
ing your abusive letters and telegrams
to Sir. Dyer, or part- of them, and
, some to Frank as well as myself,
; I telegraphed. you as I did from this •.
place and then sent Frank a copy of
• my telegram to you. I did not con
> suit : him about sending, it nor ,' did he
know anything about It. • ; I hope you
1 will not again give yourself away as
•■ you have done- to Sherman and possi
i bly others. Don't trust : that , Jew
' Moses Sherman beyond what is to his
own 'interest: Don't forget It. A man
should be very particular about what he ;;
; commits to paper. It has been one of
the cares of my life as to what . I
. would commit to paper. Burn up this •
letter and as many - others as could
'injure if « they were in print, unless *
. they s contain , something useful. . Af
fectionately your father, ' :
r. h. McDonald.
IT COST A HUNDRED THOUSAND
DOLLARS TO GET RID OF
ONE WOMAN.
Again the rod of parental rebuke was
raised over Dick's devoted head, when
his father penned him another letter on
November 8, 1892. This letter will pos
sess unusual interest to those who re
member the divorce scandal that sepa
rated Richard H. McDonald Jr. from
his wife, Clara Belle. The subject is
called up in the mind of Dr. McDonald
by Dick's frantic announcement that
some one of the gentler sex is again
blackmailing him. His father coun
seled him how to act toward them and
then told- him with some' financial ex
actness how much his first matrimonial
venture had cost the family. Having
discussed this the aged doctor gave an
eloquent discourse on what, a man
should be to his family. The letter is
as follows: . ■:
N SARATOGA, N. T.. Nov. 8, 1892.
• .My Dear Son Richard: The course -
to be pursued toward those lying,
vicious women is silence and they will ■
soon die out. You will never have-to
take back «what you • don't Bay. : You
| say you had to pay $80,000 to get rid of
. one woman. If you ; said •'• one * bad
woman it would have been nearer the
truth. - I can show figures • that the < .
cost of getting rid of that bad woman '
with the stealing- she did will amount
to more than $100,000, and there is no
mistake about it. " ■■■■ : ■ V: ' -.ii '-"
1 Now that you have been so mixed up : .
and so long with a lot of disreputable
. women would it not be well . for . you .
to look up some nice, good, respectable
: woman and marry her. There is noth
ing, that does go . much to settle a
man's difficulties like ; these as to be '
married, to some .good and - reputable
woman, and there are plenty of them
to be found. The world ana all good
society - r rises uo a^d gaya; "LeV t£i«
good family alone," and puts to flight
the clamor of bad people and their
condemnations. "Let this family alone."
All good society becomes your advo
cate and protector. The courts and
laws lean strongly to that side and
outside troubles soon come to an end.
But you have so long been down in
this muck of filthy and awful low
society that I fear that you have lost
all true appreciation of true, pure and
lovely womanhood. Affectionately
your father, R. H. McDONALD.
SOME PECULIAR BOOKKEEPING IN
THE PACIFIC BANK.
On November 18, 1892, Dr. R. H. Mc-
Donald indicated in a letter very clear
ly that he understood the situation in
the Pacific Bank and some of the pecu
liar bookkeeping methods employed
there. A. F. Johns received $15,000 of
the Riverside Bank stock for the bene
fit of the Pacific Bank. Not $1 of this
amount had been credited by the Pa
cific Bank to the Riverside Bank. The
discrepancy hud been noted as sus
picious by the Bank Commissioners and
as Dyer feared another scrutinizing
visit from the Commissioners he begged
that the peculiar transaction be
straightened out. The letter that R. H.
McDonald Sr. wrote to his son, Richard,
is extremely significant and is as fol
lows:
NEW YORK. Nov. 18, 1892.
My Dear Son Riohard: Mr. O. T.
Dyer claims that there was issued
$10,000 of the Riverside Bank stock, is
sued to Mr. Johns for the benefit of
the Pacific Bank, which amount of
money for same has not been credited
to him by the Pacific Bank, as should
have been done, and that by the rea
son of this omission his overdraft ap
pears that much more than it should
be. The Comifiissioners at their last
examination found this discrepancy
of the $15,000 charged their bank as as
sets in the Pacific Bank and not cred
ited by our bank to them, which had a
suspicious look of fraud on their part,
which was finally explained. But if
they examine the Riverside Bank
again and find the same condition of
affairs and this amount not credited
it will have a bad effect on them, as
well as on our own bank. Mr. Dyer
says that he is quite confident tnat
the Commissioners will examine his
bank in the early part of next month,
and he i 3 anxious to have this flaw
corrected, and it seems to me that this
should be done, as it is calculated to
do mischief as matters now stand.
As I understand it, Mr. Johns has
given his check for that amount, and
says he is ready to give his note if
that is the preferable way of carrying
this asset for the bank. 1 think it would
be unfortunate if the Bank Commis
sioners should find this amount just
as it was at their last examination,
and I hope you will make the entry.
I don't see what harm it will do U3
as matters now stand. This is no
time for prejudice or caprice to gov
ern Mr. Dyer's affairs. It is a critical
time. Your affectionate father,
r. h. McDonald.
THE OLD MAN*S DREAM OF HIS
SON'S ASSASSINATION.
Ten days after Dr. R. .H. McDonald
penned. a. mu;kabls lettec putllii^
a dream in which he saw his son,
Richard, murdered before his eyes. The
picture, even as the old man wrote It, is
extremely dramatic and in an effort to
tell his terrible vision he displays a
most unusual descriptive power. He
declares that he saw the Wounded and
bleeding body of his son carried from
a crowd and he asked a woman at his
side what was the matter. The woman
he saw in his vision was Mrs. L. Rienzi
and she calmly informed the old man,
so he thought in his dream, that she
had stabbed his son. Mrs. Rienzi was
one of the women that gathered around
Dick McDonald in many of his wild
ventures in this city, such as the Pano
rama, on Eddy and Mason streets, and;
the Californian Illustrated Magazine.
As a matter of coincidence Mrs. Rienzi
had sent Dick many threatening let
ters, giving him great disturbance of
mind in her decidedly candid criticism
of his other lady friends. Dr. McDon
ald's letter about his dream is as fol
lows:
NEW YORK, Nov. 28, 189 S.
My Dear Son Richard: This morn
ing at nearly 2 a. m. I woke out of
my sleep in great aiarm and conster
nation. I had a vivid dream that I
was walking: along the Street; and on
the other side I saw a crowd gather
ing, and I went over to see. the cause;
and as I came up I saw you being
caried away in the arms of twc» or
three men. 1, in great excitement,
asked what had happened, and Mrs.
Rienzi said to me, "I stuck a knife
in him." At this juncture I awoke.
The dream scene was and is now as
strong and plain in my mind as if it
had been an enacted reality. Tt has
been some time since I have had one
thought of her in any way. I have no
fnith in dreams, but merely men
tion this incident to you that
so excited me that it was a good deal
while before I could go again to
sleep. The old St. Paul clock near my
window rang out the hour of 2 just
after my waking, which gave me the
correct hour of the night. Affection
ately your father,
r. h. McDonald.
To-morrow morning The Call will
continue the publication of the letters
of Dr. R. H. McDonald and will show
what the old banker thought of
H. Sherman and the wildcat schemes
that involved the Pacific Bank and
subsequently ruined it. In these let
ters it will be shown that the old man
realized that Sherman had ruined the
institution, but had involved himself
in that ruin and was as legally re
sponsible for the disaster as the Mc-
Donalds themselves.
In this recital TV. H. H. Hart, D. S.
Dorn and J. E. Farnum will be
revealed as three most interesting pep
sons.
Overland Trains Delayed.
Owing to the burning of several snow
sheds and the timbering in Tunnel 13, near
Summit, the two overland trains, due yes
terday at 9:45 a. m. and 8:45 p. m., respect
ively, will not reach, here until 9:4 a tlusHUNDREDS OF
MEN THROWN OUT
OF EMPLOYMENT
Extent of the Damage Dooe by
pire at the Sacramento
Carshops.
Southern Pacific Officials Estimate tbe Unin
sured Loss of the Railroad Coropany
at About $200,000.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 7.— At 3 o'clock
this morning it looked as though the
Southern Pacific shops would be swept
away by the flames that had consumed
two of the most important shop build
ings and were being fanned southward
by a strong wind which had sprung up
to add to the despair occasioned by
lack of a sufficient water supply. That
the fire did not extend over the entire
area of the plant was due in part to
the heroic efforts of the fire depart
ments, both of the city and of the
shops. But it was due mainly to the
barrier of a solid brick wall, which
checked the flames. This stanch bul
wark was all that saved the engine and
boiler house from threatened destruc
tion. The tall brick chimney which
rises high aloft from this building was
revealed only momentarily to the
gathered thousands of spectators as
the flames and smoke curled ominously
around it- All this time the monster
engines inside, which supply water
power for the entire shops were
thumping away in an effort to raise
water, while the whistle overhead was
frantically calling the shop men from
their homes to come to the rescue of
their burning workshops.
The roofs of the immense car ma
chine shop and planing mill and up
holstery shops tumbled in with a crash
that sounded throughout the city like
a powder explosion, while sparks were
sent flying in millions over the house
tops of the city as far as the Postofflce,
a half mile away. Had the flames
■which menaced the engine and boiler
room succeeded in encroaching 1 further
in that direction the shops would have
been closed down to-day and their 2200
workmen been without employment.
The destruction of the two great
buildings this morning temporarily en
forced idleness upon 500 or 600 skilled
mechanics. I The departments destroy
ed are the car machine shop, which
contained all sorts of complicated and
valuable machinery pertaining to car
construction; the brass finishing and
plating rooms, upholstery and sleeping
car equipment departments, the plan
ing mill and cabinet shop. All other de
partments were running as usual this
morning. All the iron work, mill work
and the work of making trimmings for
cars will temporarily stop. There may
also be a temporary lay-off in the
foundry, although Superintendent H.
J. Small said to-day that he did not
believe that more than one-fourth of
tli-- entire shop force would suffer by
the fire, which would mean about 500
men.
Mr. Snip ll estimates the loss at
$200,000, on which there is no insurance.
The fire broke out in the upholstery de-
partment at about 1:15 a. m. A watch
man had made his rounds therein, as
hip register indicated, at 1:10, and
saw no indication of a fire then. Five
minutes afterward, while in an adjoin
ing shop, he discovered the blaze,
Scene of Ruin Wrought In the Sawmill and Planlng-Mill at the Big Sacramento Fire. •
which spread with great fury.
Since there had been no workmen in
that building since Saturday night,
nearly thirty hours before, the cause of
the fire Is a mystery. The only ex
planation which Superintendent Small
can advance is that the fire caught
from a live electric wire of the several
line* running through the building.
Only fragments of the outer walls of
the ruined buildings now stand. The
railroad officials say it Is too early yet
to give out Information as to whether
the shops will*be rebuilt, or, if so,
when; but their Importance to the
plant as a whole warrants the belief
that they tviJl soon be reconstructed.
NEGRO LYNCHED IN
CENTRAL ILLINOIS
Miners Take the Assailant of a "White
Girl and Hang Him to a
Tree.
L.ACON. HI..' Nov. 7.— The first lynch
ing in Central Illinois in many years
tnok place here early this morning
when a hundred miners from Toluca, a
mining town a short distance east of
here, broke into the County Jail, took
oqt F. W. Stewart, a Toluca negro,
and hanged him to a tre«. Only a few
late stragglers noticed the number of
strangers who kept arriving in town
from the east. They were well organ
ized, however, and shortly after mid
night marched in a body to the jail and
broke in the door* after a short parley
with the Sheriff, dragged the negro
from his cell, carried him to a tree a
mile from town, where the remainder
of the party awaited them, and there
swung him to a limb.
Stewart's crime was an assault on
Friday evening upon Mary O'Brien,
daughter of one of the Toluca' miners.
Although many In Lacon deplore the
lynching there is a general impression
that the negro was punished as he de
served and the Sheriff seems to think
that public sentiment would not justify
him in making strenuous efforts to cap
ture the lynchers.
KHALIFA ABDULLAH IN
DANGER OF CAPTURE
Defeated Dervish leader Hard.
Pressed by Anglo-Egyptian
Allies.
CAIRO, ICov. 8. — Khalifa Abdullah,
As the Southern Pacific Car and Machine Shops at Sacramento Now Appear.
the defeated Dervish leader, is hard
pressed on the frontier of Kordofan,
southwest of Khartoum, by natives
friendly to the Anglo-Egyptian expedi
tion, and it is believed his capture is
imminent. All Shereef, his son-in-law,
is already a prisoner, and is being
brought to Khartoum.
RESIGNATION OF THE
GRECIAN MINISTRY
Exceptional Conditions That Called
the Members to Office No
Long-er Exist.
ATHENS, Nov. >— The Cabinet has
resigned, its memoers considering that
the exceptional circumstances under
which they assumed office no longer
exist.
General Gilmer Down With Fever.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 7.— General
John G. Gilmer, adjutant general at the
headquarters of the army, is seriously
ill with malarial fever at his residence
in this city. as a result of exposure in
Cuba and Porto Rico with Major Gen
eral Miles. _
William Will Visit Cadiz.
MADRID, Nov. 7.— The German Con
sul at Cadiz has received a telegram
that Kaiser Wilhelm will visit that
place on his return Journey on the 20th
of this month-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1899.
WOULD HELP
SPAIN IN THE
CONTROVERSY
Russia Takes Lead in
a New Effort.
TO PREVENT AMERICAN RULE
GREAT POWERS TO BE SOTJNDED
ON PHILIPPINES.
But the Madrid Government Evident
ly Intends to Arrange Peace
Without Any Outside
Assistance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— A Rome cable
to an evening paper says: Russia has
taken the lead in a new effort to help
Spain in her struggle to retain the
Philippines, or in any event to prevent
the establishment of American rule
over .the group. The Czar's Govern
ment has revealed its scheme through
representatives to all the great pow
ers of Europe, with the possible excep
tion of England.
Italy is one of the powers which Rus
sia desired" to enlist on her side. The
Italian Government was requested to
join in presenting a note to the United
States regarding the control of the
Philippines.
No Information has been given as to
the exact tenor of the proposed note,
but it is generally understood that It
would be a request for leniency toward
Spain with perhaps an implied threat
of intervention.
That Italy is not disposed to accept
this proposition Is shown by an in
spired note in an official jourtml to
day. It declares that Spain has little
hope of gaining any advantage In re
taining the Philippines, and that the
best she will be able to do is to com
promise the matter with the United
States.
PARIS. Nov. 7.— The Eclaire to-day,
after reproducing all the six articles
of the peace protocol, says:
"It is to be hoped that the United
States will not maintain their first pre
tensions in regard to the Philippine Is
lands. It is a question, hoTcever, which
interests Spain only, but Germany from
time to time allows It to be thought
that she is not indifferent to the fate
of the islands, and the possibility of
interference from that power will per
haps cause America to be less exact
ing."
_MADRID, Nov. 7.— The Premier, Se
nor Sagasta, was questioned to-day as
to whether it was a fact that the Span
ish Government had addressed a note
io the powers asking the latter if they
would support Spain in protesting
against "the Intentions of the United
States toward the Philippine Islands."
He replied that such a note had not yet
been dispatched.
The Liberal's leading article to-day
says the Spanish Government should
conclude the negotiations for peace
with the utmost rapidity to avoid Ger
many, Russia or any other country
mixing in the question, which could but
mean fresh disasters to Spain. The
article has created a great sensation
here.
RANDSBURG BARELY
ESCAPES DESTRUCTION
Block of Buildings Razed by a Con-
flagration in the Desert Min
ing Town.
RANDSBURG, Nov. 7.— Randsburg had
a narrow escape from another disastrous
conflagration to-night. At 8:20 fire started
in Callahan's old saloon at the corner of
Rand avenue and Broadway, and soon
was raging east on Broadway In the di
rection of the main part of town. A gale
was blowing, and the flames soon commu
nicated to the adjacent buildings, rapidly
consuming the Klondike restaurant and
a barber-shop, the Mojave and Randsburg
Stage Company's office. Fry's butcher
shop, the new steam bakery, the Broad
way lodging-house and the New York
lodging-house, where the fire was got un
der control by the volunteer fire company.
The cause of the fire is unknown. The
loss will be in the neighborhood of $6000,
and it is said there is no insurance.
This was the third fire this town has
suffered within the past year. To-night's
blaze consumed the only portion or the
town that was left by the other fires. The
efficiency of the new water system and
the organized Fire Department was se
verely tested to-night, and that the rest
of the town was saved is due to the val
iant efforts of its members.
Clark Obtains a Delay.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 7.— Harry F.
Clark, convicted of murder in the second
degree for the killing of Wong Sing Hay,
a Chinese laundryman, was up for
sentence before Judge Smith in the Su
perior Court this morning. His lawyers
appeared and asked for a continuance of
one week, which the court granted. The
lawyers for Clark profess to have a sen
sational lot of testimony to offer and say
they will ask for another trial.
COLONIES FOR A
RUSSIAN SECT
Movement Instituted by
Count Tolstoi.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Nov. 7.— Miss Addams
of Hull House, Chicago, has accepted
a place on the committee appointed to
bring members of the Russian sect of
Dhoukhobortsi to this country and to
Canada to establish colonies. Her in
terest in the movement, which has mo
nopolized the time and energy of Count
Tolstoi during the last five years, as
sumed definite form about eight
month ago. It was when the admirers
of Tolstoi the world over were plan
ning to celebrate his birthday that he
asked them rather to add their influ
ence and contributions to the move
ment in behalf of the persecuted sect
in the far-away country. Since that
time Miss Addams has been raising
money in this city for the general fund.
The Dhoukobortsi are a sect similar
to the Quakers — opposed to war and
fighting. Because of their religious be
liefs they have, it is said, suffered per
secutions, have been forced Into the
army and compelled to march contin
ually until they died from exhaustion
or exposure.
Aylmer Maude, a disciple of Tolstoi,
was engaged in business in Moscow,
and became interested in these people.
Through his influence and energy,
added to that of Tolstoi, an attempt
at colonization in Canada has begun.
The Czar was bombarded with peti
tions until he finally consented to their
leaving the country. In Canada each
man is to be given 160 acres of land and
a shed to live in until houses can be
built, and provisions will be furnished
for a time at least. Maude was in Chi
cago recently, and is now in Rhinebeck,
N. V., making preparations for a colony
there. Later he will return to Eng
land, where he will superintend the
colonization of a portion of the refugees
outside of London.
According to the edict all of the sect
who leave the country must get out
within two years, and it is to hasten
the exodus that the committee was ap
pointed in Philadelphia. The members
are: William Dean Howells, Jane Ad
dams of Hull House, Chicago; Rev.
Dr. George D. Boardman of Phila
delphia, William Lloyd Garrison of
Boston, N. O. Nelson of St. Louis and
Bolton Hall and Ernest H. Crosby of
New York. Isaac N. Seligman is treas
urer of the committee.
THREE FIRES AT ONE TIME.
Emporia, Kans., Has a Narrow Es-
cape From Destruction.
EMPORIA. Kan., Nov. 7.— Fire, sup
posed to have been kindled by incendiar
ies, gave Emporia a bad scare this after
noon. Within fifteen minutes five alarms
were rung in. The wind was blowlrtg a
gale and it was feared that the city would
be destroyed. The aggregate loss, how
ever, was about *50,000k There were three
separate fires.
READ ELECTION NEWS FROM THE
DOME OF THE CALL BUILDING
RESULTS OF TO-DAY'S ELECTIONS WILL BE TOLD
WITH COLORED FIRE, AS FOLLOWS:
IF GAGE IS ELECTED— Red fire at intervals of five minutes for thirty minutes.
IF MAGUIRE IS ELECTED— YeIIow fire at intervals of five minutes for thirty
\ minutes.
\ IF STATE IS DOUBTFUL— BIue fire at intervals of five minutes for thirty
► minutes.
• IF PHELAN IS ELECTED— Red, closely followed by blue, every five minutes for
! thirty minutes.
! IF PATTON IS ELECTED— YeIIow, closely followed by blue, at intervals of five
I minutes for thirty minutes.
!IF MAYOR IN DOUBT— Red, closely followed by yellow, at intervals of five
► minutes for thirty minutes.
►IF NEW YORK STATE IS DEMOCRATIC— Red, yellow and blue, in quick sue
! cession, at intervals of five minutes for thirty minutes.
! IF NEW YORK STATE IS REPUBLICAN— YeIIow, blue and red, in quick suc
cession, every five minutes for thirty minutes.
OUTLOOK IN THE
EMPIRE STATE
Both Parties Confident
of Victory.
ROOSEVELT'S STRONG FINISH
MAKES THIRTEEN SPEECHES ON
THE LAST DAY.
Several Arrests for Violation of the
Registration Law— How the
Betting Seems to Be
Going.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
NEW YORK. Nov. 7.— Politicians and
athletes are alike in one respect, name
ly: That however active they may
have been in preparing for a contest
the eve of the battle is devoted to rest
and to the giving of final instructions.
The exception to the general rule was
to-day furnished by Theodore Roose
velt, the Republican candidate for Gov
ernor, who devoted the day to a tour
that embraced Allegheny. Chautauqua
and Cattaraugus. and in the course of
which he addressed assemblages at
thirteen towns.
Superintendent McCullagh of the
Metropolitan Election District professes
to have information of a great deal of
illegal registration and a number of ar
rests were made yesterday and to-day
of persons accused of violating the law
in that regard. At least outwardly, the
police department is acting in harmony
with the election district deputies for
the prevention of fraud, although Re
publican newspapers do not hesitate to
impugn the sincerity of Chief of Police
Devery in his attitude toward the
Superintendent of Elections. At each
polling place in the city to-morrow
there will be two police officers, and
Superintendent McCullagh may place
his 750 deputies in the localities most
suspected as being the scenes of colon
izing enterprises.
McCullagh continues to assert nis Be
lief that there will be trouble at some
polling places, especially in the Eighth
Assembly District, which embraces
some of the "hardest" streets in the
city. On the other hand, the police de
clare that there is no basis in fact for
Superintendent McCullagh's outgivings,
and that trouble will only arise in the
event of indiscretion on the part of
the State deputies.
Congressman Odell left Republican
headquarters early in the day for his
home in Newburg, where he will vote
to-morrow. His latest prediction was
that Colonel Roosevelt would have a
plurality of 50,000 in the State.
At Democratic headquarters St,ate
Senator McCarren said he was con
fident of Van Wyck's election by a
plurality anywhere from 25,000 to 50,000.
Claims as to the State Legislature were
as widely at variance as those regard
ing the State ticket, the Republicans,
however, evincing the greatest degree
of confidence. No opinion as to the
I result in the Congressional districts
could be elicited at either the Demo
cratic or the Republican headquarters.
The betting on the State ticket is of
so uncertain a nature that it is diffi
cult to distinguish between the real and
the fictitious. It was said in "the
street" during the afternoon that some
$20,000 had been brought there by a
Democrat to bet at 8 to 10 on Van
Wyck, and that an hour was required
to place half of the sum.
In Democratic quarters it was alleged
that the betting was even money and
8 to 10 on Van Wyck, while at places
where Republicans were mostly in evi
dence it was given out that money had
been put up all the way from 10 to 8
and 2 to 1 on Roosevelt.
MASKED MEN ROB
ARAGO POSTOFFICE
Compel the Postmaster to Open the
Safe and Hand Out the
Cash.
MARSHFIELD. Or.. Nov. 7.— Two
masked robbers entered the postofflce at
Arago. which is located in the residence
of W. H. Schroeder, postmaster, at 8
o'clock last night. Schroeder was in the
upper part of the house when the men
entered, but Peter Crow was in the of
fice. The robbers took Crow to the river
bank and securedly tied his feet and
hands. They then returned to the house
and forced Schroeder at the point of a
revolver to open the safe. The robbers
obtained $1300 belonging to the Arago
Creamery, and $200 of postal funds.
Sheriff Gage and a posse are in pursuit
of the robbers.
OLYMPICS AND STANFORD.
The Two Football Elevens Will Play
for the Last Time This
Season.
At Recreation Park, Eighth and Harri
son streets, the Olympics will line up
against the Stanford football eleven to
day to play off the tie game of Saturday.
A great deal of interest is manifested In
the game, as it !s expected by many
that the Olympics will win the match and
break the solid caking of defeats which
encrusts their colors at present.
Both teams will be somewhat weak
ened on account of the bruises and stiff
ness of muscles due to the hard game
played last Saturday. The Olympics will
put in their very best eleven, and Stan
ford will appear on the field with the
choice of the college. A hard match is
anticipated.
Wells, who was injured in the game on
Saturday, will not play to-day. In his
place will be Sexton, who has distin
guished himself this season in the guard's
position. Some of the Stanford men who
were playing in the college team and
who did not play Saturday will don the
canvas jacket to-day and mix up with
the Olympians in genuine batttle.
This will be the last meeting of Stan
ford and the Olympics this season. The
three games played between these two
teams resulted in two victories for the
cardinal and one tie.
The teams will line up as follows:
Stanford. Positions Olympics.
MeFadden-Smith.L,. E. R Gaylor
Rush L. T. R Sheehy
Blanchard L. G. R Sexton
Gilman-Freeman .Center Bandy
James R. G. L Hobbs
Wilson R. T. L, Ersklne
Parker R. E. L McLalne
Murphy Quarter Code
Clinton L. H. X Morse
Fisher R. H. L. Wilson
Hlll-Burmeister. ..Full McXevln- Weldon
WHY CORBETT SHOULD
DEFEAT THE SAILOR
RULES WHICH SHAEKEY WILL
CERTAINLY DISOBEY.
A grand boxing carnival will be given
by the Fruitvale Athletic Club on the
evening of the 15th inst. for the benefit of
the Fruitvale Fire Department. The en
ADVERTISEMENTS.
<B>O<S>o<S>o^>o^>O^>o<^O<s>o^O<S>O<s>O<S>O4x^O<S>o<?>O>s>O<J>O<s>o<s>o<t>o^o'S>o^O<S>O<^C
i?y^ ((in**^fSßWntTTlPßJ^nß^Twi^Sr^MfcJ^B i A
.V^M^mW^lM S.I_LU J_l' ■^^■V^O s v
Novelties in weaves and in de-
signs greet you on every hand in
our store. If you want the new-
est, if you want reliable quality,
if you want the largest assort-
ment to select from, if you want
the lowest possible prices, we
would like to have you look
through our stock before you
spend a dollar. -
Men's AH- Wool
Suits, $7.95.
4*^ The popular
£^y fabrics this
Y^s season will
Jjggpgftbe Scotch
Cheviots,
fancy Wor-
: steds, and
Cheviots in ,
dark checks,
I§|| small plaids
E-gl and mixtures.
§t§i A very fine .
ipt line of Men's
® Suits in these
.^JiB correct de-
&r signs we are
offering lor . . . . &7 Q C
1
,*~ssS^<?\X{k special
'l^^yfe^offer in Men's
n j|B^L // A! !- wool
[ Mq Underwear ,
wir^t? fin Per i
<i^S3J^- SZiUU Suit, l
S. N. WOOD & CO.,
718 Market Street, S. F.
tertalnment, which will consist of boxing,
wrestling, etc.. will be held at Pllttsvllle
Park, and as the cause is a good ona a
large attendance is expected. The bill of
athletic fare reads: Boxing, eight rounds,
by Gates and Emley; four rounds, by
Connolly and Fox; four rounds, by Allen
and Simpson; four rounds, by Hayes and
Neil; and wrestling, best two in three
falls, by men whose names will be an
nounced later on.
Jim Corbett and Tom Sharkey will meet
on the evening of the 22d inst. before the
Lenox Club of New York and according
to the articles of agreement Corbett
should certainly have easy sailing, as tha
rules suit him admirably. They read:
The bout shall be under the Marquis of
Queensberry rules, except there shall be no
hitting in the breakaway. Neither man shall
strike with one arm free. No wrestling shall
be allowed, and each man must step back af
ter each clinch. Either man falling to comply
with these articles his forfeit shall b* divided
between the contestant and the club.
The pugilists are said to have deposited
$2500 as a guarantee to abide by the rules
which they have signed.
LURKING DEATH FOR
TURKEY'S CONSUL
George Eli Hall, Consul General of Tur
key and Persia, has been receiving anony
mous packages for the past week con
taining high and deadly explosives. At
first the matter did not seem of much con
sequence to him, but as these munitions
of war continued to constitute a portion
of his daily mail, he became apprehensive
and reported the matter to Chief of Police
Lees.
As yet little investigation has been
made, but every effort will be made to de
tect the sender of the packages.
Hall is a prominent clubman, and has
had conferred upon him honors from sev
eral foreign powers. He is popular in
numerous social circles and is unable to
account for the strange matter he has
been the recipient of for the past few
days.
Children's
All=Wool Reefer
Suits, $3.50,
. Ages 4to 14.
Very dressy,
fine wearing . 'jßßb'--'
garments are VY7
these for the )kmBm
little men. MuMMm'
Double-. frtjm Si
breasted ■^HIHH
square-cut jtTOi?Pi3v
Coats; worth • /iff m:
really $^.00. \jß^ii\
A special ffijf n i
offering; of .- W n
our Chil- |r \i
dren's De- M __ r^^
partment at B^^^^v
this low -y~r-
price. Mothers will find
our Children's ' Clothing
very much to their liking.
%
Men's Fedora gj/§
black, 95 dts.
56
TUESDAY NOVEMBER 8, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All mmunications jsj^_S : J :: E^£ I J^^g:er L^
PATTON'S GALLANT CAMPAIGN.
CHARLES L. PATTON has earned the support
of every voter who favors good government
ami who admires a clean and gallant campaign.
So minutely has the progress of the struggle been
noted that an extended review of it on this day of its
climax can hardly be necessary. That it has been to
Mr. Patton a creditable fight against odds which at
first seemed strong beyond the possibility of over
coming, not even his opponents will deny. He under
took it, not hastily, not eagerly, but when a grave
sense of duty had led him to make the personal sacri
fice.
Having entered the race, he began from the start
to gather strength. Here was a citizen who had never
sought preferment, whose energy was in his business
and whose heart was in his home, sallying against the
fortined hosts of a boss who had been in oftice for two
years, and who during all this period had planned and
schemed to get more power, to dictate the party
policy and to perpetuate himself in a station whereof
he had found the sweets too enticing.
Mr. Patton had no record of which to be ashamed,
no alliances to drag him down, he had do sympathy
with the tricks and pretenses of politics. He would
not sink his individuality, neither would he set him
self up above the people. He was simply an honest
man, anxious to have the weal of the city safeguarded.
He had no boasts to make, no purposes to conceal.
He has been frank and manly. He would not accept
the nomination until he had seen the platform and
found that he could approve. This circumstance gave
the key to his character. People were pleased and
they discerned at once the contrast between this con
duct and that of Mayor Phelan.
Mayor PheJan accepted two nominations before
either platform had been formulated. Whatever ex
pression of principle might be projected into either
declaration mattered nothing to him. He was the
nominee. There was office in sight and principle did
not count. Had a weak man been placed in nomina
tion against Phelan there would not have been the
thorough canvass that has for weeks been in progress.
It was when Patton came into view, magnetic, un
trammeled,. a big man with a big brain, and one whose
reputation was more to him than chance of victory,
that what had promised to be a campaign of lethergy
assumed a new phase. It became energetic, inspired
by an ever increasing hope that at the last was cer
tainty.
There arose occasion for an analysis of the methods
and motives of the Mayor. Alas for him! These
would not stand the test of scrutiny. It was found
that he had sought to thwart the popular will by mak
ing himself superior to it, that his committee of ioc
was a fraud, his demand for the purification of politics
merely a demand that he alone should guide the mu
nicipal destiny, so that a path to greater political
glory might be paved for his feet. It was found that
in the discharge of official duties he had been lax and
careless, that he was unfriendly to the toiler, deem
ing the laborer overpaid. So Phelan shrank. As he
grew smaller and smaller, those who had been his
admirers saw him in his true light and left him. And
as Phelan shrank Patton grew. The more the two
were compared the more the Mayor suffered. At last
he observed his prospective triumph swept from before
his mental vision. He and his followers have resorted
to every device to check the tide of disaster, but it is
carrying them away.
Every vote cast for Patton will be a rebuke to boss
ism, an encouragement to honesty, a lesson to the
derelict office-holder, the promise of reward to the
man who takes into political life the same probity
which governs him in his personal dealings with his
fellow-men.
VOTE EARLY AND VOTE RIGHT.
ALL registered voters should exercise the right
of suffrage to-day. The occasion is too im
portant to be treated as an off year election and
passed over with indifference. The decision of the
State in whichever way it goes should be given by a
dear majority of all voters. The choice of not one
single candidate should be determined by the fact that
a number of his opponents stayed at home through
apathy or indifference.
The issues of the campaign are not those which
ordinarily divide political parties. In the Bryanite
movement in the nation and the Maguire movement
in the State there is a distant menace to society. The
foundations of finance, of property, of industry and of
law itself are threatened by the avowed advocates of
a debased currency and land confiscation and the
apologists of anarchy and riot.
It will be easy to save the commonwealth from
Maguireism if all conservative citizens do their duty
to-day, but it will be difficult if through a neglect to
vote they permit the election of Maguire to the Gov
ernorship or any considerable number of his followers
to the Legislature. The situation is well illustrated
by the old verse:
"I hear a lion in the lobby roar.
Say, Mr. Speaker, shall we shut the door
And keep him out; or shall we let him in,
Then do our best to put him out again?"
It will be the part of wisdom to keep Maguire out of
the State government and to put Phelan out of the
city government. To effect these desirable ends
energy and activity will be required on the part of the
conservative forces. The discontented, the single
taxers, the lawless— all the Maguireites and the Phe
lanites will be sure to go to the polls. There will be
no apathy nor indifference in their ranks.
To the conservatives of the State public business is
to-day of more importance than any private business.
Every consideration of patriotism and of enlightened
self-interest combines to impel good citizens to unite
in defending the administration from the assaults of
the fused factions of the opposition and the State from
the attempt of the singlc-taxers to gain control of its
government.
The vote of the conservatives, moreover, should be
solid for the straight Republican ticket. Not one
single candidate who stands for Republicanism in the
nation, the State or the city should be overlooked by
the voters. The victory over Phelanism in the city,
over Maguireism in the State and over Bryanism in
the nation should be complete and overwhelming.
The duty of the day is simple, but it is imperative.
It cannot be postponed. Vote early, vote right, and
then see that your friends and neighbors go to the
polls.
The Examiner seems to be so painfully and vocifer
ously certain that fraud will be perpetrated in relation
to the voting and the counting that the police will do
well to keep an eye upon that reform sheet. Some
times a pickpocket has been known to cry "Stop
Thief!"
It would be like Hobson to take a yacht and, going
out to sea, lasso the Maria Teresa,
THE ISSUES OF THIS CAMPAIGN.
WHEN this is read the battle of the ballots will be on and the people will be en
gaged in recording their judgment. The Call has fought a fair fight for princi
ples that are held dear by all Republicans and by thousands who, though not
members of that party, see clearly the principles involved and follow them, no matter
what party may promise their vindication.
Sound money and a safe and flexible financial system suited to our expanding
commerce and promising to make us the creditor nation, with the world as our debtor,
is a principle held by all thinking Americans as necessary to our progress and prosperity.
The freedom of contract necessary for all forms of business, and more necessary to the
laboring men than to any others of our fellow-citizens, is believed by good Republicans
and good Democrats to be put in peril by the fusion platforms. Therefore they oppose the
candidates who indorse those platforms. The safety of vested rights, titles and owner
ship of land is absolutely necessary to the prosperity of the State. Judge Maguire has
announced that he proposes to destroy these vested rights, titles and land ownership.
He charges the four original directors of the Central Pacific — Stanford, Huntington,
Crocker and Hopkins — with embezzling $80,000,000 from the United States. If this
gross charge were true, we ask the voters what is the loss of that amount to the Govern
ment compared with his proposition to destroy in this State $861,000,000 of property in
vested rights and land titles and ownership, and the loans secured on those vested rights
and titles? Think of it for one moment before you vote!
We have kept this Maguire proposition before the people, in his own language, as
declared by himself. It is no conclusion drawn from any argument he has made, but is
a statement made by him, printed in his exact language.
In the same connection he has declared that when mineral — gold, silver or
other — is taken out of the ground by private individuals "its value must be given to the
whole people."
California has always had one unfailing resource for men of enterprise and for
men suffering financial misfortune. This resource is in her mineral wealth. A man can
take his prospector's pick and horn and go to the mountains and try and test their min
eral ledges, with the chance of striking pay quartz and recuperating his fortunes. But
Maguire says that when he has done so and digs gold out of his claim it must be given
to the whole people, to whom it belongs!
If a prize had been offered for a scheme which would do the most injury to the
people of California, destroy the most property, cut off the most hope, take away the most
resources, remove from labor the most protection, impoverish the most people, do the
State the most injury in the estimation of the world, the Maguire scheme would take the
prize by the award of any fair-minded jury.
The Call has daily exposed that scheme by putting it before the people in the ex
act language of it's author. His only answer has been that the people don't under
stand his scheme. That answer condemns it. Government is for the plain people. Our
system, given to us by the fathers of the republic, is plain and simple. Its workings
are easily understood. It is against any scheme in politics and economics that is so eso
teric that only its designers can comprehend it.
The people don't want to indorse anything so complex that they must wait to see
it tried before they know whether it is for or against their interests. All of Maguire's
propositions come under the rule of thumb. He proposes to destroy what is and build
to replace it on the cut-and-try plan. This implies experiment, unrest, empiricism in gov
ernment. The welfare of the people cannot survive such experiments.
These issues have been put plainly. They stand undenied and unexplained by
their author, Judge Maguire. He says the State has spent a great deal of money on him
in salaries to train him in statesmanship. But all that expense has only trained him to
oppose and seek to destroy the very foundations of the State and the vested rights
which the State has guaranteed to the people.
Therefore the money spent on him in salaries has been wasted. The people in
training him have not secured a statesman but a well-fed fanatic, who sees^ nothing but
evil in the institutions of government under which he has been reared and fed and
clothed at the public treasury.
THE CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENTS.
STATISTICS show that scarcely half the voters
at general elections in this State express their
opinions upon constitutional amendments sub
mitted for adoption. The cause of this is not iar to
seek. Indifference, lack of understanding or lack of
time in which to study the questions involved impel
many voters to skip that portion of their ballot which
covers constitutional law. This is a somewhat dis
concerting condition of affairs, but it exists and must
be considered.
Generally very little harm is done by the neglect of
the people to vote on constitutional amendments.
The intelligence of those who do vote usually saves
the State from damage, for it is a matter of history
that a really bad constitutional amendment has yet to
be adopted in California. But while this is true, no
chances should be taken on the discrimination of
those who are at the pains to master for every election
the points involved in the amendments submitted.
This year, especially, every voter ought to carefully
scan the list and vote for or against each proposi
tion.
Amendment No. i, which provides for paying pub
lic debts which have heretofore been declared illegal,
should be voted down. The purpose is to authorize
the payment of certain claims irt this city and Vallejo,
which are just enough, but it is charged that in at
tempting this the doors have been thrown open to
other claims which are fraudulent. At the present
time no one can tell whether the charge is true or not,
and consequently no chances should be taken. The
safest way to vote is to vote the amendment down.
The claims may be paid in some other way.
Amendment No. 2 is Judge Maguire's single tax
scheme, concealed under a home rule county govern
ment proposition. The latter is good, but the former
is revolutionary. All classes should vote against this
amendment.
Amendment No. 3, providing for the establishment
of a Court of Claims; amendment No. 4, exempting
city charters from legislative control; amendment No.
5. fixing the gubernatorial succession; and amendment
No. 6, relating to the schools, are all safe and sound
and may be adopted. In fact, all four are in the line of
progress and good government.
But No. 7is a fraud and a swindle. It proposes to
split sessions of the Legislature in two and increase
the pay of Senators and Assemblymen. It is un
necessary and uncalled fof and is a job of the Sacra
mento lobby. Every person opposed to legislative
chicanery and who believes that the legislation of the
State is now costing enough should vote against this
amendment. It will add $25,000 to the expenses of the
biennial sessions without producing in the slightest
degree a change for the better in State legislation.
STOND BY THE PRESIDENT.
ALL the voices of patriotism call upon the
American people in the Congressional elec
tions to-day to stand by the President. Re
ports from Europe declare that the Spanish are fight
ing against the terms of peace offered by our Com
missioners in the hope that the elections will result in
a Democratic victory — that the country will declare
against McKinley.
The issue is made up. The voter must cast his bal
lot for the President or for the Spaniards. The elec
tion of a Democratic Congress known to be opposed
to the President on every important auestion of the
THE SA]ST FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1898.
day will encourage all the enemies of the nation and
strengthen all the hopes of Sagasta and Weyler. So
great would be the stimulus given to Spanish expec-
tations by a defeat of the administration that it would
probably be necessary to renew the war in order to
force them to accept peace on the terms now pro
posed.
Nor would it be in foreign relations only that the
nation would suffer from a defeat of the administra
tion at this juncture. All the foes of the protective
tariff, all the enemies of sound money, all the advo
cates of riot, disorder, disturbance would be roused
to make a fiercer and a bitterer fight against the ex
isting order of things. Every interest of property
would be threatened, every industry harassed, every
institution menaced.
McKinley has deserved well of the country. His
home policy has restored domestic prosperity, his for
eign poficy has maintained the dignity and increased
the prestige of the nation. While the leaders of dis
content have been talking and clamoring and criticiz
ing and condemning he has been patiently and bravely
working in silence for the people and for the flag.
He has accomplished great things, as all the world
knows, and will accomplish more if rightly sus
tained.
It is for the voters to-day to show to the world that
the American people are not fickle; it is for them to
teach the Spaniard wisdom and cow the factions of
anarchy at home; it is for them to stand by the Pres
ident.
WHEN unscrupulous men are faced with certain
defeat of their schemes they resort to desperate
tactics. The leaders of the fused factions are
unscrupulous, and they see defeat before them. They
have begun already the desperate tactics of slander
and lying in the hope of weakening the forces of pure
politics and good government.
It is likely that a swarm of lies will be circulated to
day, for it is a part of the cunning of the unscrupulous
to issue the most malignant of their falsehoods on
election day when it is too late for honesty and truth
to refute them.
Be not deceived. The Republican party in this
campaign stands not only for the best measures, but
for the best men. It has put forward candidates of
the highest worth for all offices, and rightly expects
them to receive the votes of all citizens who believe
in straight politics, good government and the admin
istration of public affairs on business principles by
business men.
Among the lies issued by the demagogues none
have been worse than those asserted through
the Examiner against the Republican candidates
for judicial offices. A rogue never speaks well
either of the law or of the men who im
partially administer it. It is not strange, therefore,
that the attacks on the Judges should be vicious and
persistent. The Republicans have not nominated can
dates for judgeships who would be pleasing to anar
chists, land confiscators or boodlers.
Be not deceived. Show your scorn of campaign
lying by voting for men who have made a clean can
vass. Vote the Republican ticket straight, and in the
next campaign perhaps Democracy will profit by the
lesson and nominate a ticket which it can defend and
support without slandering honesty and integrity.
Had Congress been in session that explosion might
have been ascribed to natural gas.
BE NOT DECEIVED,
THE INCOMPETENT MANAGER.
To the Editor: I am a stockholder in a most extensive local corpora
tion, doing a business of about $5,000,000 a year.
For the last two years we have had in our employ as our business man
ager a young man who, it was asserted, was a person of most exemplary
character and a most capable man of affairs. By the rules of the corpora
tion, it is the duty of our manager to see and count all the money of the
corporation in the hands of the company's cashier once a month.
A short time ago the cashier was found to be short in his accounts in
the sum of $117,000, and when the manager was Informed of the state of
affairs, he said he had "hefted" the coin at the last monthly settlement, but
had not seen and counted It as the company's rules made it imperative he
should do.
Now, sir, an annual election is approaching and the question arises shall
we retain this young man as our manager during the ensuing year, as his
friends claim the company should do,
I claim as a business proposition that a man who has so failed in his
duty once and who has shown no reason since to cause the stockholders to
have any more confidence in his capacity should give place to a new man.
VOTER.
CITY GARBAGE
CONTRACT HAS
A NEW ASPECT
Supervisors Adopt a
Juggled Report.
The Supervisors Finally Approve a
Resolution Making the Even
ing Post the Official
Paper.
The Board of Supervisors awarded the
garbage contract yesterday and gave the
city printing for a period of two years
to the evening organ of the Southern Pa
cific Railroad.
The action taken on the garbage matter
was, to say the least, peculiar. Several
clays ago the Supervisors' Committee on
Health and Police agreed to make a re
port to the board in favor of awarding a
contract to the Sanitary Reduction Com
pany for burning the garbage at the rate
of 20 cents per cubic yard, and providing
that the collection of the refuse should
be left to the scavengers, who should
agree to return to the reduced scale of
prices charged householders prior to the
time when the crematory was estab
lished. A report to this effect was drawn
up by the committee and was to have
been presented yesterday. In the mean
time, however, Captain Delany took the
trouble to alter the report on his own
responsibility, tearing off the first page
and substituting certain modifications to
suit himself.
The amended report, as presented yes
terday, gave the contract to the crema
tory at the agreed price of 20 cents, but
omitted all reference to a reduction in
the prices charged by the scavengers for
the collection of garbage, thus leaving
the latter free to collect on the present
scale or to increase the rate if they see
tit. The Supervisors passed the resolu
tion as presented, although several of
them claimed later that they did not
know that the report had been altered.
The effect of the action is to empower
the Committee on Health and Police to
contract with the Sanitary Reduction
Company to cremate the garbage, with
out advertising for bids. This action is
regarded as of doubtful validity by some
of the best posted authorities about the
city buildings, inasmuch as the law re«
quires that bids shall be advertised for
in all cases before contracts are let.
The Sanitary Reduction Company will
thus be left a loophole through which to
crawl out of the agreement at any time
in the future should it desire to do so,
while on the other hand any citizen who
objects to the contract will have the
chance to enter the courts to stop pay
ment of the bills of the Sanitary Com
pany.
No explanation was offered by Super
visor Delany for his surprising action in
changing the report of the Committee on
H-alih and Police so as to favor the
scavengers. The city will now pay for
the incineration of garbage, while the
householders may receive no direct ben-
eflt.
The matter of public printing was also
handled in a very odd manner. The
Printing Committee had reported in
favor of rejecting the bids of the Journal
of Commerce, the Report and the Post,
but this dirl not suit the views of a ma
jority of the board. Numerous futile at
tempts were made to knock out the com
mittee's report, which were finally suc
cessful. Then Supervisor Sheehan made
a motion that the contract be awarded to
the Evening Post. This was also voted
down. Again the committee's report
came to the front. Supervisor Britt took
occasion to say that the whole system of
public printlr.g was wrong, and that the
board ought to advertise for new bids
based upon prices for each kind of work
to be done, instead of letting matters run
along in the loose manner now in vogue,
and allowing the ofßcial paper to make
such excessive charges to citizens as it
might see fit.
On a reconsideration the contract was
finally awarded to the Evening Post.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Complete Record of the Work Passed
by the Board.
The following is a complete list of the
street improvements passed by the Board
of Supervisors at yesterday's session:
AWARD OF CONTRACTS.
Waller, Cole to Shrader— Bituminous rock,
17Vi cents, granite curbs, 63 cents.
Cropping o£ Waller and Schruder— Bitumen,
17> 2 cents.
RESOLUTION ORDERING.
Tenth avenue, L to M— Grading, macadamiz
ing and redwood curbs.
Twenty-first, Alabama to Bryant— Granite
curbs and bitumen.
Twenty-flrst, York to Potrero avenue— Same.
Leavenworth. Green to I'nlon— Same.
Halght, Shrader to Stanyan— Same.
Leavenworth, Green to Union— Same.
Haifsht, Shrader to Stanyan— Same and elght
"Bcrkishfre' Southern Pacific Railroad
crossing— Concrete arch.
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION.
Lundys lane, Esmeralda 350 feet northeast
erly—Macadam and redwood curbs.
S'teiner, Broadway to Green— Artificial stone
sidewalks.
Green, Pierce to Scott— Same.
Twenty-flrst, Florida to Potrero avenue-
Granite curbs and bitumen.
Capitol avenue, Loboa to Oc»an avenue— Grad
ing, macadam, etc.
Ashburton place, off Grant avenue— Closing
and vacating same.
BIDS REJECTED.
First, near Tehama— Artificial stone side-
Central avenue, California to Sacramento—
Sam6 ' RELEASE OF CONTRACT.
Capp. Army to Twenty-sixth— J. E. Belser for
Cherry to First avenue— F.
Sheerln, for sewer.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME GRANTED.
Eighteenth street, Uranus to Ashbury— To
Daniel O'Day. 90 days on grading.
RESOLUTION OF FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Irwin, Seventh to Eighth— Basalt.
Twenty-fourth, Guerrero to Fair Oaks— Bltu-
Natoma, First to Fremont— Basalt.
RESOLUTION. OF CONDITIONAL ACCEPT
ANCE.
Caledonia avenue, Fifteenth to Sixteenth-
Bitumen.
PRIVATE CONTRACTS.
Baker, Greenwich to Lombard— Paving.
Masonic avenue, crossing of Ashbury— Bltu-
Twenty-slxth. Guerrero to Dolores— Same.
RECOMMENDED BY BUTERINTENDENT
OF STREETS.
Cumberland, Guerrero to Dolores— Granite
curbs and paving with bituminous.
De Haro, Fifteenth to Sixteenth— Grading.
De Haro, Sixteenth and Seventeenth— Same.
Crossing of Twenty-second and North streets
— Cesspools, culverts, etc.
/ Waller, Octavla to Laguna— Sixteen-lnch
■pipe sewer.
De Haro, from southerly line of Twenty
third to a point 400 feet northerly from Twen
ty-third—Grading.
Eleventh avenue, A to B— Grading, sidewalk-
Ing- and paving.
STREETS FINALLY ACCEPTED.
Bryant, Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
Bitumen,
i Bryant. Twenty-fifth to Twenty-sixth— Same.
Croß6ing of Bryant and Twenty-fifth— Same
OBSTRUCTIONS ORDERED REMOVED.
Lyon, Lombard to its termination—Superin
tendent of Streets ordered to perform the
Work.
Washington, Montgomery to Kearny — For re
moval of railroad tracks.
Seventh avenue, B to C— Superintendent of
Streets notified to enter into a contract on be
half of the city for grading, curbing, etc.
SCRVEYS ORDERED MADE FOR GRADING.
Fifteenth and Vermont— City Engineers di
rected to commence the work.
Alameda and Vermont— Same.
ORDER CHANGING AND ESTABLISHING
GRADES.
Sixth street— Changed and established.
Sixteenth, at crossing of South — At elevations
ranging from 1.45 to 2.50 feet.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Railroad avenue. Twenty-fourth avenue
South and ban Bruno avenue — Property
owners for electric lights.
Broderlck. Lombard to Tonquln — Same.
Marcy place — Same for gas lamps.
Eleventh avenue, for a distance of 125 feet
southerly from A street— Frank L. Sheerin for
permission to grade, curb and macadamize.
Francisco, Flllmore to Webster— Same, for
permission to lay granite curbs and pave with
bituminous rock.
Filbert, Octavla to Laguna— -S. Wray for pav
ing.
Crossing of Punnypide avenue and Edmer
street— Sunnyelde District Improvement Club
for culvert, etc.
Sunnyside district— Same for erection of hy
drants.
Palmer to Lindley— Falrmount and Glen
Park Improvement Club for extension of
water mains.
19 Perry — Joseph Taylor for permission to
pave in front of his premises with basalt
blocks.
Walter, Thirteenth to Fourteenth— City
Street Improvement Company for permission
on behalf of property owners to retain artificial
stone curbs.
Crossing of Army and Alabama — Precita Val
ley Improvement Club for construction of
storm-water inlets.
Harrison, Army to Precita— A. E. Buckman
for an extension of time on grading.
At certain points In same district— Same for
electric lights at certain points.
Broadway, Scott to Devlsadero— J. J. Dow
ling for paving with cobbles by private con
tract.
Crossing of Pacific avenue and Broderick
street — City Street Improvement Company for
paving with bituminous rock.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Crossing of Harrison to Beale — Property
owners against changing grade.
Harrison and Main— Same.
Beale and Bryant— Same.
Hurlbert alley, Fulsom to Harrison—Prop
erty-owners, against grading.
REPORT OF STREET COMMITTEE ON
MATTERS SUBMITTED AT PRE
VIOUS SESSION.
Washington street. Mongoraery to Kearny —
M. A. Bond, for bituminous rock.
Kunnysidi! avenue and Forester street— Me-
Carthy Company, for culvert.
Gates street and Cregcent avenue — Felix
Gonzales. to maintain a fence.
Leidersdorff street, Halleck to Sacramento —
Property-owners, for paving: provided they
agree to bear one-half the expense.
Fifteenth and Vermont, and Alameda and
Vermont streets— Crossings, property-owners,
for change of grade and directing the City
Engineer to make surveys.
Ashburton place, oft Grant avenue, Crocker
estate — For closing: same.
Sixteenth street, Market to, Sanchez— William
E. Dubois, to repair plank sidewalk.
Twenty-sixth street, Guerrero to Dolores
City Improvement Company, to pave with bi
tumen by private contract.
Devisadero street, No. 1608— E. K. Cochran,
to maintain a hitching post.
Stevenson street, near Brady — J. E. Putnam,
to occupy two feet of sidewalk.
Eighteenth street, Uranus to Ashbury—
Daniel O'Dea. for an extension of ninety days'
time on grading contract.
Capp street, Army to Twenty-sixth— J. H.
Belser, for release from contract to grade.
Mason street, near Washington— L. Perliano,
to construct steps on sidewalk.
Baker street. Grange to Lombard— San Fran
cisco Paving Company, to pave by private
contract.
Page street. Masonic to Ashbury— Same.
Washington street. Montgomery to Kearny—
M. A. Bond, for removal of railroad tracks
and directing the Superintendent at Streets to
remove same.
Masonic street. Hayes to Fell street—Tread
well estate, against stone sidewalks: in favor.
Cedar avenue, Octavia to Laguna street—
Property owners, against sewer; in favor.
Fillmore street. O'Farrell to Geary street—
C. C. Butler, against stone sidewalks;" in favor.
Valparaiso street, Jones to Roach street-
Property owners, against paving; in favor and
stopping proceedings for six months.
Hurlbert alley. Folsom to Harrison street-
Property owners, against paving: in favor
Fell street, Fillmore to Steiner street—Prop
erty owners, against paving; adversely.
Pacific avenue, Broderick street to Baker-
Same.
RECOMMENDED PLACED ON FILE.
Klcrhteenth street. Doug-lass to Danvers
ptreet— Petition to pave with bituminous rock
by private contract, contract having been let
to Thomas Clarke.
Presidio sewer nutlet— Petition of R. H>rr
man, requesting construction of same pending
proceedings for acquiring land through the
Miranda grant.
Communication from the Superintendent of
Streets notifying the board that the street
fund is exhausted.
NEWPORT SAILS TO-DAY.
She Carries General Marcus P. Miller
and the Last of the Troops.
The Newport, the last of the transports,
will sail for Manila to-day. The vessel
will get away about 3 o'clock this after
noon. She will rarry the Third Battalion
of the Twentieth Kansas Regiment, the
Wyoming Light Artillery and General
Marcus P. Miller and his staff, consisting
of First Lieutenants Woodward and .Bar
roll of the Third Artillery and the head
quarters staff.
General Miller Is the last of the general
officers to go. The excellent shape in
which these troops have been prepared for
departure is entirely due to his personal
efforts in caring for them and in prepar
ing them for the trip. When the Newport
goes out she will be given a salute of
eleven guns from Alcatraz an<J Fort Point
in honor of General Miller. A number of
the Wives of officers will also sail on the
Newport.
ACCUSED OF TOADYISM.
Muller's Allegations Against Officers
Who First Sailed With the
Newport
According to the story of Andre Muller,
erstwhile steward of the transport New
port, the first trip that that boat made to
Manila with General Merritt and his staff
was not the pleasantest one in the world
for the crew and the soldiers who were
on board.
Muller allegres that the officers were
hail fellows well met with the men of the
Astor Battery and showed them much in
the way of favoritism, to the exclusion
of the rights of the men who were not
traveling on the strength of a pull.
The first incident occurred on the sail
ing day. The steamer was equipped with
an ice machine that had an average ca
pacity of 240 pounds daily. Steward Mul
ler in dealing out the ice placed about
twenty pounds in Lieutenant Colonel
Wheeler's ice-chest. When Wheeler dis- j
covered his allowance he was furious I
and ordered him to fill the ice-chest to its !
utmost capacity. Muller explained that !
the chest would hold 600 pounds, that it
was only possible to obtain 240 pounds in
a day, and the matter was finally com
promised at fifty pounds.
Seven days after the steamer left Hon
olulu the water supply gave out and dis
tillation became necessary. The privates
on board were obliged to drink lukewarm
water, but the officers received their
usual quota of ice.
In regard to the interchange of favor*
between Captain Saunders and certain |
staff officers Muller says that the former i
had been scheming with the evident ex- I
pectatlon of receiving a testimonial from
them, which was duly accorded to him
and in return the delighted captain pre
sented some of the officers with certain
glassware and other things for their us«
In camp, all of which was the property of
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company.
Steward Muller says that he would not
have cared, but he received a bill of $4i,
he being responsible for all shortage and
breakage, winch he refused to pay. The
staff officers, to further show their appre
ciation of Captain Saunders, presented
him with several rtfUs while at Manila,
which Muller strongly suspects were
Government property.
Altogether the trip was far from being
a pleasant one. and one reason for thl«
was the fact that there wub a crew of
untrained men in the saloon, but Steward
Muller was instructed by General Man
ager Schwerin to make the best of it ana
not to be too severe in the interpretation
of rules. The consequence was that dis
satisfaction was rife. A private in one of
the companies made complaint to General
Merritt. who immediately took a hand in
the matter and ordered his secretary.
Ho well, to see thn*t the privates on board
were made comfortable and given atten
tion. His orders were carried out to the
letter.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
H. Kellar, the magician, 1b stopping at
the Palace.
A. Menke, a merchant of Perkins Sta
tion, is at the Lick.
Rev. Dr. Wakefleld of San Jos© la a
guest at the Occidental.
L. T. Hatfleld. a prominent Sacramento
attorney, is at the Lick.
Tyson S. Dines, a well-known Denver
banker, is at the Palace.
Dr. C. E. Reed of Petaluma is among
recent arrivals at the Grand.
J. B. Thomas, a retired whaling cap
tain of Rio Vista, Is at the Russ.
John Lawlor, a prominent Petaluma
cattleman, is registered at the Russ.
S. F. Gitterman, representing Marshall,
Field & Co. of Chicago, is registered at
the Palace.
Captain John B. Jeffrey, U. S. A., a
guest at the Occidental, will leave for
Manila to-day on the transport Newport.
Two overland trains delayed, coupled
with the near approach of election, result
ed in unusually light registration at the
various hotels yesterday.
Vittore Ferdinando del Cellini, Barone
de aiilano, has arrived in this city from
Denver. He will remain with friends
about ten days. During his stay in this
city Barone de Milano will look after hia
mining interests in Northern California.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— Samuel J. Til
ton of San Francisco is at the Cosmopoli
tan. Julius Li. Haas of San Francisco ia
at the Hoffman.
» ♦ ■
VITIGXTLTUBAL INTERESTS.
A Fine Outlook for California Wine*
in South American Markets.
The California Winemakers' Corpora
tion, at a recent meeting, forwarded to
the Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation of California and the Philadel
phia Commercial Museum resolutions
thanking those bodies for the interest
they are taking in the wine industry of
this coast. The resolution recites that
California winemakers can successfully
compete in price, quality and quantity
with the countries of South America, and
that there is no reason why the produc
ers here cannot find a splendid market on
the southern continent for the wines
made here. The resolution says:
We now believe that the darkest days of the
wine industry of California have passed and
that a bright future is before us; that not
only will the winemakers of this State be
shortly enabled to dispose of their wines at
remunerative prices, but that the viti
cultural industry of thi3 State must and will
in time become one of the largest and best
paying industries of California.
A Christmas Dinner.
The employes of the office of the Sur
veyor of the Port have prepared the ma
terials for a grand Christmas dinner for
ex-employes of the office who enlisted in
the army and went to Manila, Mrs. Jo
seph S. Spear, wife of the Surveyor, was
delegated to make the purchases, and she
has laid in a store of delicacies that will
be good for at least a month's indigestion.
There will be a bottle of champagne and
two bottles of beer to each man, with a
can of chicken and fancy cheese, pate de
foie gras, French mushrooms, salad dress
ing, canned tongue, lobster and shrimps
and plum pudding. The names of the can
didates for the indigestion ward in tne
Manila hospital are: Captain T. McCreagh
of Company C. First California Regiment;
Privates C. E. Kesseler, S. I. Marston,
Lloyd Spencer, Corporal H. F. Ruthraft
and Commissary Sergeant Arthur H.
Clifford.
The dinner will be sent on the Newport,
which will leave for Manila to-day.
Historical Lecture.
The third of the series of historical lec
tures under the auspices of the Daughters
of the American Revolution will be given
by Professor Clyde A. Duniway of Stan
ford University at Golden Gate Hall tnis
afternoon at 3:30 o'clock. The subject is
"The Federal Constitutional Convention
of 1757."
New Trial for Friedlander.
A. A. Frledlander, convicted of embez
zlement, was granted a new trial by
Judge Cook yesterday. The case was
continued until November 19 to b© set.
■ m »
Cal. glace fruit 50c per n> at Townsend's*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
» ♦ *
Hopkins Institute of Art-
Last week of the exhibition. Last con
cert Thursday. November 10. Will close
Sunday, 13th lnst. Members must regis
ter their names for the distribution of
paintings on or before Thursday evening,
when the distribution will take place. •
--. . ■ i . -
MERELY A HARD POINT.
It would not be accurate to say that the
meeting of Admiral Cervera and the
Spanish Minister of Marine made no ice.—
From the Detro-- Free Press.
Through Tourist Car to St. Paul.
This car i 9 nicely upholstered in leather,
leaves every Tuesday night, no change. Goes
via Shasta route and Northern Paciflo Rall-
way. The scenic line of the continent. Tick
ets on sale to all Eastern cities at lowest rate*.
T. K. Stateler, general agent, 638 Market St.,
San Francisco.
There is but one Angostura Bitters— Dr. Sie
gerfs, imported from South America. Bewan
of the "just as good" dangerous substitutes.
MAY RETAIN THEIR SIDE ARMS.
Under the terms of fhe evacuation
Blanco and his staff will surely be allowed
to carry their typewriters with them.—
From the Philadelphia North American.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.
. BOYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK.OPINIONS OF
MASTER MINDS
BLOTTED OUT
Supreme Court Rec
ords Destroyed.
OLDEN DOCUMENTS BURNED
INVESTIGATING THE DAMAGE
BY THE EXPLOSION.
Justices Hold Court Outside the
Chamber for the First Time
Since Early in the
Century.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 7.—Yes
terday's fire at the Capitol and
the partial destruction of the
United States Supreme Court
room will probably result In the
erection of a new public building
for the accommodation of this
court, to be known as the "Tem
ple of Justice." Justice Mc-
Kenna called on the President
this morning and during the in
terview this subject was broach
ed. The Supreme Court has for
many years held its sessions and
had its consultation chambers,
clerk's office, marshal's office and
library in the Capitol building,
•which is now so overcrowded
that several nearby buiidings
have been rented for committee
rooms, etc., in addition to exten
sions under the terrace on the
west front. The present Su
preme Court session chamber is
small, as are the offices of the
court. This was called to the
President's attention by Justice
McKenna, who suggested there
was no good reason why the
court should occupy quarters in
the Capitol, which had been de
signed for the use of the legisla
tive branch of the Government.
The President agreed with Jus
tice McKenna and it is under
stood he will, in his next mes
sage to Congress, recommend
that money be appropriated for
the erection of a buildine to ac
■iiodate not only the United
States Supreme Court, but all
other Federal courts, as well as
the department of justice. It is
proposed that this building shall
be a magnificent one.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 7.— The big
Capitol building was a scene of wreck
and desolation to-day, following the
explosion and fire which wrought seri
havoc last night.
The engines and firemen had gone,
and in their places a small army of
workmen was carrying off the debris
of brick and mortar, charred wood
work, soaked and half-burned official
nv.d documents, which had been
heaped in confusion in the basement
and sub-basement under the quarters
occupied by the United States Supreme
Court. An examination of the court
room showed that the damage was
confined to discolored walls and ceil
ings and soaked carpets, no substantial
injury having been done. The bench
OF" INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, lm>
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With Any of the Following Firms Please Mention "Tin Ci.lL"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
flrtlstlc Furniture and f3rt Ware Importers.
117 KUTTER STREET.
AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock ril lip cPA ll Montgomery St..
Auct!on«H?rs ftILLII tt VV- Eon Francisco.
• BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WM Shipping trade nupplled.
IT 111- CVnUCnInU) «39 Broadway »tr«et_
BELTING.
LP FIFfiFV Manufacturer of Belttne«nd
. r. ULUCII, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs anil Ship Work.
GJEm and Worka-113-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5043.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAH FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'BDIEV X- Cft\.'C-- * and Dealers in
OnlCil (I OU^JLafidaus. Hacks. Victorias.
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate ave. and Polk
st San Francisco.
CASCA FERRINE BITTERS.
The World's Greatest Tonic, Stomachic, Laxa-
tive. At all dealers. SIERRA PHARMA-
CEUTICAL CO.. 1617 Market *t.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
eOO BATTERY STREET.
T>lfphnn» Main 1"M. .
COPPERSMITH.
Jrprr>Yt Tnx. Tupt. M. "lyth Mr
C. W. .Smith. Ship Plumbinsr. Steamboat
nnd Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone. Main 5641.
DENTIST.
DR. C- W. RICHARDS, & .^jrgW'
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON&CO, gn^^lif,^
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
411-413 California street. --ir,
Capital Represented .....over 114.000.000
FLOUR.
iTfflVif Flour Hills. J. Mart«n»t^;n A Co. '
HAIIUiIAL BW. cor. Battery nnd 1 aclnc sta.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
;as. boyes & CO., ®ST&L a >uSri£
occupied by the Justices was uninjured
and even the briefs and papers left by
some of the Justices under paper
weights remained undisturbed.
But while th . flre had made no pro
gress here, smoke and water had left
the chamber, which has long been re
garded as a model of classic beauty,
in sorry condition. The windows and
sashes of the old colonial windows
flanking the bench are in ruins. The
frescoed ceilings, which had recently
been done over, are blurred and
spotted, the carpets and draperies are
soaked, while the whole chamber has
a damp, smoked aspect. The personal
effects of the Justices, their robes, etc.,
were uninjured. The main loss of the
court was in the marshal's office and
™. the storage room, where valuable
old records were kept.
Sergeant-at-Arms Bright of the Sen
ate was busy this morning making
temporary provision for the sessions
of the court. Senator McMillan's com
mittee-room was hastily prepared with
a bench and seats for the Justices and
a dozen rows of seats for attorneys and
spectators. The quarters are rather
cramped and the Chief Justice and five
Justices had to sit on one side of a long
oak table when court was held there
to-day. This was the first time the
court has sat outside of its own cham
ber since 1814.
Architect Clark of the Capitol is old
and very feeble so that the active
work of investigating the cause of the
explosion and of clearing away the
wreckage is in the hands of the as
sistant architect of the Capitol Mr.
Wood.
"I have made a preliminary examina
tion," Mr. Wood said to-day, "but I am
not yet ready to say what caused the
explosion. The main attention is being
given to the gas supply. I find the gen
eral damage sustained by the building
is not as serious as was at first sup
posed. The heavy foundations to the
building do not appear to be disturbed,
and the partitions blown down are con
fined to the thin encircling walls cover
ing the steam pipes, etc.
"No heavy sustaining arches or pil
lars have given way, so far as I can
find. I will make a fuller examination
with a better light to make certain on
these points. For the present it does
not seem that a rebuilding of any part
of the Capitol will be necessary. The
work will be that of repairing, and I
hope we can finish this by the time
Congress convenes. We have a small
balance for this, but in any event the
work will be done."
An examination of the meter room,
where the gas supplied to the Capitol is
measured, showed that the big meter
had been blown to pieces. This satis
fied most of the Capitol officers that a
gas explosion was responsible for the
damage, but they would not express
this view openly until an official in
quiry had been made.
Several Supreme Court Justices made
! a visit to the scene during the fore-
I noon. Chief Justice Fuller and Justice
i Harlan walked through the various
apartments, guided by a man with a
lantern. While they looked at the
scenes of destruction with manifest in
terest, they made no remarks. They
spent somewhat more time in the court
room than elsewhere. They found the
upholstery and the court's new $4000
carpet greatly injured, but the two
court clocks were ticking away as reg
ularly and as dignifiedly as ever. The
busts of former Chief Justices, which
line the walls of the old chambers, were
also uninjured, and this appeared to be
a source of much gratification to the
Chief Justice and his companions.
They found nothing- but ruin and
desolation In Marshal Wright's office.
This room was completely wrecked. No
furniture escaped, and the walls of the
room are as black as night, the effect
of smoke and fire and water combined.
While this damage was regretted, it
was not considered Irreparable.
The only damage that cannot be
made good was done in the file-room of
the Supreme Court in the basement.
where were stored all the official
records and the original copies of opin
ions from the foundation of the Gov
ernment. AH these opinions have been
printed, but the original manuscripts
were highly valued.
This room was almost over the scene
of the explosion, and it was one of the
first compartments of the Capitol to
be attacked. The documents here were
stored away in an orderly manner in
wooden cases, and none of them had
any other protection except the rec
ords of the courts- from 1792 to 1532,
which were encased in tin boxes. The
flames appear to have completely en
veloped this rocm, but they were only
HARDWARE.
DAL ACE Hardware Co. Importers St Dealers
* In Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 782.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEieOLO HARNESS CO.. til Urklß St.. H. V.
V.'hclesale and Retail Manufacturer* *( an
kinds of Harness and dealers In Bufg1««,
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or writ*
HUNTERS* EQUIPMENTS.
AIIAIO Hunters' Equipments. Fishing
IvillUY -Tattle. Athletic Goods, etc. Tend
UUIIU for catalcßue. GEO. W. SHREVE,
www ,M, M Marktt <trtet , ■ -
• IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton Si Hedlev. Prop*..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scriptlon Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture blanket*. Casslmeres. Tweeds and
Flannels. &S5 Market St.. San Francisco. CaL
Goods tat rale at alt leading: dry goods stores.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWIM MARINE INSURANCE COMPAWIESI
Combined Capital. $4,000,000.
BTZ A CO.. A?«nta.
101 California st.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
REDAIHADTI Mattress Co. 641 Mis*!**
111!: DLKIMIAniI «t. Telephone Main I«7C
PAPER DEALERS.
Will AIICTTC PULP AND PAPER CO..
YfILLMITiCI IL 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
•(•*"• AMm» T1"T» nnii T, »-»■»«♦ 9*n*\.
PIfINO and MUSIC STORE.
KOHLER & CHASE,
» and M O'Farrelt fit.
f. »nrT» *»' "XTi*r! lt7T>*r» »nd T*mli-~rn.
PRINTING.
E- C- HUGHEo>BII Sansom* »t'r—
SOAP.
. K. Lilt I & tU,, rofm n. Tel. Main ldtl
. K. LLWI S tU., ror-n 17 Tel Main ldtl
STATIONER AND PRINTER. *
Tel co d r^ PARTRIDGE gggigSt-
THE HICKS- JUDD CO- %XS£!'n*Sfo«'
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.. |
Forwarding A*enu and !*»»»"•„ Watßßer*
SeneraJ Btora«e Frt< and Grain Warehouaja,
Oonsral of«c«. HO California at. T.L Mala !»«,-
WALLPAPER.
WHOLK' VLE ft retail: send for samples, mat-
Inir quality * color. DUFFY CO.. ?:* Howard.
WATCHES. ETC.
TI rvnv Headquarter* lor Jewelry ami
• LUMP I > full ia-lc. V/rddlnc Hints. « M rt.
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
C. F. HAAS, mfr wood articles, any descrip-
tion. Plaaln*. turning. 417 Mission, teL M. 6337. J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAT, NOVEMBER 8, 1898.
PANIC CAUSED BY
FEVER AT HAVANA
GovernmeQtal Officials and
Attaches Frightened and
Business Paralyzed.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, IS9B. by James
Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, Nov. 7.— Havana is not and will not be this winter a
health resort. Now that settled weather has arrived nothing Is to be
gained and much is to be lost by further delay in bringing in the
American force. Yellow fever will exist in December as it does now,
and what work is done must be done before return of rains next
spring. Individuall" there is almost a panic among Governmental
officials and attaches here, but that should not be considered.
"Give them more to occupy their minds," as a man put it to-day,
"and they will not have so much time to be scared. What should
be done is to first send down a competent corps of trained immune
nurses and establish hospitals where American patients may be as
sured of careful nursing, then put twenty sanitary officers, immunes
of course, at work organizing a corps of street cleaners. Don't at
tempt to go beneath the surface, but with the quantity of untrained
labor to be had here Havana should be scrubbed from one end to the
other. Water is here in plenty and with a force sufficient to pene
trate every crevice and street. Lime coets next to nothing. Clean
and wash the streets. Cover them with lime, and give lime to all
who will use it In their houses. Then rush down soldiers and get
about the work that must be done."
Ever since the death of Colonel Waring the public and Govern
ment seem almost paralyzed with fear. This must be shaken off
and at once. Every day business more nearly approaches a state of
paralysis, and unless the wheels are given a fresh impetus soon they
will stop altogether.
sufficiently intense to badly char all
the woodwork and many of the docu
ments. Comparatively few of the
papers were absolutely destroyed, but
those which suffered this fate were
among the most valuable in this room.
They included the original opinions of
the court in the early days of the re
public, and among them were many
manuscripts prepared in the handwrit
ing of the jurists of the days of Wash
ington, Jefferson and Adams. There
were in the list many opinions in man
uscript written by Marshall, Story and
Samuel Chase, Bushrod Washington
and othera of the Justices of the pe
riod between 1790 and 1830, and there
fore prized as relics of the early days
of the court. They were also occasion
ally referred to to settle disputed
points concerning words or punctuation
marks. These papers were stored under
the arch of the room and seem to have
been completely consumed. On the
other hand, the official records of the
court's proceedings covering the same
period appear to have been preserved
and are probably in good condition.
They were encased in tin boxes and
these in turn in wooden cases. The de
bris is in such disorder as to have ren
dered it Impossible to open the wooden
doors to-day, but these doors were not
penetrated at any place, hence the be
lief that the records themselves are
intact.
Many of the modern documents, in
cluding letters and opinions of recent
date, were also so badly burned that it
will be impossible to restore them, but
none of these appear to have suffered
such complete demolition as befell the
early opinions. No documents affecting
the present docket of the court were
injured.
The fire at one time threatened to in
vade the Senate document room, reach
ing to within two or three feet. Mr.
Smith, the superintendent, was on
hand, prepared to contest its progress
with the aid of the fire department, but
the chances are that if it had gained
any headway here the damage would
have been far more serious, as the
apartment is extensive and contains
much exposed paper.
A report was current during the
morning that the west central wall of
the Capitol was cracked as a result
of the explosion. Architect Wood made
a careful examination and located the
crack which had aroused suspicions. It
proved, however, to be in the outer or
veneer wall, and not in the six-foot
foundation wall on the west side. This
main wall has stood over 100 years, and
is still in fairly good condition. When
additions were made, a veneer wall,
about ten inches thick, was added out
side. The explosion blew out a heavy
stone door frame in the outer wall, and
this in turn loosened several stones of
the veneer wall. Mr. Wood is satis
fied that the main wall had not been
disturbed. His attention was called to
a crack in the main wall, but this he
recalled as a well-known old crack
which had existed for years. Mr. Wood
said it is not surprising that a wall
which has stood a century should have
some cracks, which do not, however,
impair its general security. He thinks
this crack may have come from the ex
pansion resulting from the burning of
the capitol by the British in 1814.
The library of the Supreme Court,
which, next to the Congressional Li
brary, is the most valuable collection
of books in Washington, escaped with
little damage, although it was in the
very center of the disturbance, tho
wrecked elevator shaft and upheaved
floor stones being at the library en
trance. It is estimated that the loss
in the library .will be covered by $1600.
The books escan'ed intact, the loss be
ing confined to singed woodwork.
The floor of the electrical room, un
der which the explosion occurred, was
completely demolished. Fortunately no
one was in the room when the explosion
occurred.
Mr. Wood at the close of the day ex
pressed the opinion that the damage to
the Capitol building could be repaired
for $20,000.
"It is by no means as serious as I
first thought it was," said Mr. Wood.
The architect believes the explosion
was caused by gas. Other architects
who have inspected the scene of the
catastrophe also attribute It to an ex.
plosion of gas. Some express the opin
ion that a broken main and a burning
jet are responsible for the occurrence.
The work of removing the rubbish
caused by the exnlosion has been pro
ceeding rapidly all day, seventy-five to
100 men being employed for this pur
pose. As soon as the refuse is suffi
ciently cleared out the work of repair-
Ing the damage will begin. Mr. Wood
thinks the Supreme Court room will be
ready for occupancy within two weeks.
CALIFORNIA'S CLAIM
IS PROMPTLY PAID
Adjutant General Barrett Starts for
Home With Checks for a Large
Sum.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 7.— General A. W.
Barrett of the California National Guard
and Colonel Bergln left for home to-night
in a happy frame of mind. Genera!
Barrett has in his inside pocket treasury
warrants for $85,311. This sum la payable
to Governor Budd's order and will be
turned into the treasury for the use of
the National Guard.
General Barrett and Colonel Berpin
have been here for nearly thirty days
pushing this claim. Redtape methods de
layed and annoyed them somewhat, but
now that their mission haa been so suc
cessful they concede that the War De
partment and the treasury officials have
been very considerate and attentive to
California's claim, and they are well sat
isfied with the result of their visit.
Ladles' tailor-made suits. Fur capes, cloaks,
credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutter et,, r. t and 7.
BRAVED DEATH
TO RESCUE THE
TERESA'S CREW
Heroism of the Mer
ritt's Men.
WORKED IN AN AWFUL STORM
ONE HUNDRED AND TWELVE
LIVES SAVED.
Fourteen Trips Made in Open Boats
Through Tremendous Seas Be
fore All Were Taken Off
the Wreck.
FORT MONROE, Va., Nov. 7.—En
sign James C. Summers, who was offi
cer of the deck of the Vulcan when the
Maria Teresa was abandoned, describ
ed the scene thus:
The gale in which the Teresa was lost
began with a fierce squall five minutes be
fore 1 o'clock on the morning of Novem
ber 1. Wind and sea arose at 1 o'clock.
From the Teresa's bridge Mrae the wig
wag signal by lamp, "Sigrcil Merritt to
steer to windward. The Merritt at once
changed her course to northeast. It had
been north. To us the fact that the
Teresa must be kept head to sea was
in itself considered ominous. All signals
were made to us by wig-wag fig from the
Teresa. We repeated them to the Mer
ritt or Leonidas.
At noon the gale had increased in vio
lence, and all three vessels labored heav
ily in the sea. The Teresa, plunging deep
ly, took much water on board over the
bows, and often when reeling she shipped
seas amidships. Her starboard engine
only was being used. It was turning
thirty-eight revolutions when last report
ed. The forward wrecking pump was
sending out a large stream over the port
bow.
At ten minutes past noon the Leonidas.
then fully a mile ahead, was signaled:
"Do not go so far ahead." Thirty min
utes later the Teresa signaled "Can Mer
ritt run to Watling Island safely?" The
Merritt answered "No" promptly. This
was the first intimation of the real danger
at hand.
Almost simultaneously with the Mer
ritt's next signal, "Give your orders,"
came this from the Teresa: "Tell Merritt
to cast off and come within hall." This
was done and her crew hauled in the 100
fathoms of hawser on the way to assist
the Teresa. The latter then signaled:
"We shall abandon ship. Tell Leonidas to
stand by us to windward. Do not cast off
our lines." The Vulcan answered: "We
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Are You the Man You Should Be? !
» <f^^^^^^fe= r> STUDY YOURSELF. »
w %>r >''^^> I*^ ffr ~^^*Kcjgv Do you realize that you are 2
w w;{& .\ H: - / n A fijffir not the man you should be at >•*
° WtLJiilMliSr your age? Do you find your 8
0 J- 4 W&SSiir strength failing you. exposing $
O «OKHB)F the great drain that has been «
W r>B^^ » Ma sapping the very life and ambl- Ci
w *J%¥H& v '* awM. tlon out of you? Does this *•*
Vr^H^J'ti^*^ ■•- vi V knowledge mar your life? Then 8
V _/s?£? • II la tlme for yOU t0 look 8erl " JJ
O y^^ZSgSjfcT'^^* iiSkg^?r<? > ously to your health. You need «
j ft — «««m v *ri 1 w» such a remedy as Dr. Sanden's C2
I** Electric Belt, from which you can absorb new strength and vitality. It *•<
« is a grand remedy for any one who is weak in vitality, from whatever 8
£ cause. Read what it did for this happy man. 8
g , i FEELS LIKE A NEW MAN. g
; w .r: VETERANS' HOME, Cal. „
w DR. A. T. SANDfiN— Sir: You ask me to make my final report. I--**
££ sent a full report to you two months ago. telling you about my case, but will £(
tell you again of my vast improvement. When I first used your Belt I weighed ~
; « 170 pounds. I suffered great pains in my back and other complaints. My ■ W
y\ liver and bowels were very bad. Now. I have not used the Belt for the last <*i
l"j two months, but lam gradually transforming Into a different man. I weigh i
I O 193 pounds; I eat and sleep well; my pains are all gone; my liver and bowels Q
>h are cured, and I have no complaint whatever. I feel very good. Yours truiy, «
" FRANK HBNKBL. "
» DON'T BE A WEAK MAN. a
2 It is grand to feel strong, humiliating to feel weak. If you are weak Cl
° : Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt will cure you. It will make you strong; it &
Swill steady your nerves and check all waste of power in thirty days. It C(
is a grand cure for all weakness, whatever: the cause. If you are 0
j $ troubled with weakness in any way, call and examine this wonderful a
j w Belt. Test the powerful current it gives and see how easily regulated it C:
'~V is. Don't be ignorant of a remedy which may correct all your past mis- "
! w takes and assure. your future happiness. Don't delay; act now. Get the £(
; 0 book, "Three Classes of , Men," devoted to the weaknesses of men, tells 7. «
| « the cause of early decay in young and middle-aged men. It shows how M
i"■ Electricity, properly applied, ; will restore this power, and gives the a
' m proof. It is free upon application. A call preferred. XI
! : g DR. A. X. BANDEN, » — — r^* 2
, 3 TO* Kaxkat Stmt. 0.«.r Knr*,. Bw Fruoiu*. NOT \H DRUG STORES.
• D Office hour*, la.m.to 8 p. m. : Bundaya, 10 ■— — - w
w to 1. Branche* at Lob Angeles. Cal., 232 W«at °*- : Banden'i Electric- Belt «1
• « Second atr«et; • Portland, v Or., 288 - Washington ; Is never, sold tn drug < •totes ,n i
!i; itreetj Denver, Colo., ;Ml Sixteenth street; _ nor by travelln* agenta; only «
D Dallas. Tax.. 288 Main «treet; Butt*. Mont.. . at our office. rt
; * 110 North Main straet. * — — — \ « *2
I%•»«»att« w a a 3 a tt «a»«fi»^i^QfiaiBßaaaDaß •
will hold on until the last and use oil."
To whloh the Teresa replied "Many
thanks."
The Vulcan's commander, Lleutenant-
General P. Blow, Immediately planned
the Vulcan's part in the scheme of res
cue. Being almost sure that the Teresa's
starboard engine would be kept working
until the last, It was decided to hold on
to the hawser, thereby giving the Teresa
sufficient steering way to enable her
helmsmen to keep the heavy sea on her
starboard bow and still be to leeward of
the Vulcan, enabling the latter to use oil
to advantage when the rescuing in boats
began.
From the first the heavy laboring of the
Teresa gave the impression that she would
founder suddenly and that all her people
would be overboard at any moment, either
swimming or drowning before our eyes.
Assistant Paymaster Robert H. Woods,
U. S. N., was detailed to note the time
that each signal was sent and repeated.
Oil was the first requisite. The mechanics
passed it up In buckets from the hold;
those on deck filled small bags with it.
The effect was immediate In smoothing
the heavy seas near the wreck.
Rubber life belts were brought on deck
and filled with air ready to throw to men
in the water. A bowline was made in
every rope's end, by which the men could
be hauled out of the sea.
If the ship had foundered before her
people were taken off, it was the com
manding officer's intention, after cutting
the hawser, to place his vessel to leeward
and then work up to windward of the men
in the water and pick them -up.
Half the charges were extracted from
some six-pounder shells and they were
fitted over the ends of oars, to which
small lines were attached. These were to
have been fired from the guns across the
spot where the men might have been seen
in the water.
After the Teresa began to fill it became
impossible for the Vulcan to keep her
head to windward, but, being practically
water-logged, she made an excellent
breakwater for the boats, even after she
fell off into the trough of the sea.
Directed fey Lieutenant Gllmer, the crew
and engineer's force equipped two life
boats with oars, life-preservers and oil
bags. They were launched from the top of
the deck house, and by means of long
lines were veered astern in the hope that
they would reach the Teresa, but the
heavy sea carried them far to windward,
they fouled the hawser, and were finally
cut adrift.
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon the Mer
ritt wore ship just astern of the Teresa,
and came up under her lee line in time to
take off the first boat load of rescued
persons. The wreckers and volunteers
from the naval vessels had succeeded In
lowering one of the two surf boats hang
ing from davits on the Teresa's port side.
Pulling quickly clear of the ship's side,
the boat's crew, composed of the wreck
er's men, went about saving the people
in a systematic way.
There was less than four hours of day
light left in which to rescue 112 persons,
including eighteen Cuban coal passers,
and such a sea was running as would
have daunted any life boat crew. To have
attempted to go near enough to the ship's
side to let her people climb down or drop
into the boats meant certain destruction
to the rescuing party. So while the boat
was towod by its painter from the ship's
lee quarter and was kept clear by two
men at the oars and by the steersman in
the stern, another line was used to send
down the men from the ship.
Each man. slung in the center of this
rope, was hauled through the water in
most cases to the boat and then tumbled
in over the bow. It was a slow but safe
process, as the result proved, for by 5
o'clock, so far as we could see, every man
was safe on board the Merritt.
The force of the gale and height of the
sea may be understood by the fact that,
although only 230 fathoms of hawser sep
arated the Teresa from the Vulcan, the
watchers on the latter vessel, owing to
the heavy seas, driving rain and spray,
were able to see the boats of the rescuing
party only at long Intervals, when they
came out of tho trough of the sea. The
Merritt herself, although a splendid boat,
was buried in the trough of the sea at
times so that only the ends of her mast
heads were visible.
The first boat loaded made in all four
round trips between the Teresa and Mer
ritt, and the second made three trips, so
that to rescue all hands the boats had to
make the passage through those heavy
combing seas fourteen times, and right
gallantly those brave fellows accomplish
ed th a work. Lucky indeed was it for
those rescued that the boats were manned
by past masters at the oar and helm.
For two hours men with axes, under
the direction of the executive officer, had
been stationed aft ready to cut away at
a moment's notice the lines that held the
hawser, in case the Teresa should foun
der during the transfer of her men.
Every Vulcan man watched the great
ship with an anxious eye as she plunged
"forecastle head under" the head seas
clear to the turret, coming out again with
the water streaming from her hawser
pipes and showing the heel of her ram
above the next big sea. Forty-four Bhip
maten of theirs were on board the doomed
vessel, and it was yet a question whether
their rescue could be effected before
dark.
Heavy rain squalls beat the seas down
a little at this time, but the wind blew
harder than ever. Struggling for a foot
hold on the Teresa's rickety bridge, her
signal man, Crossett, wig-wagged to the
Vulcan at 4 o'clock: "Don't cast off the
tow line yet. Two more boatloads will
clear the ship." We replied: "All right;
will hold on until the last."
High up on the bridge, silhouetted
against the leaden sky, and bracing him
self against the fearful rolling of the
Teresa as she wallowed in the seas, stood
the man at the wheel. He was alone and
probably the last person to leave his post,
for it was not until the final boat was
receiving its quota of men that he lashed
the wheel, came down the bridge ladder
and went aft to leave the ship.
It was not until 11 minutes past 5
when Lieutenant Blow and his officers
were certain that the last boatload had
been taken off. that the order was given
to "Cut away." Two blows of an ax sev
ered the lines and as the links of the
chain bridle rattled out through the stern
chocks the Vulcan's crew, led by Chief
Engineer Gardiner Crims, U. S. N., gave
three ringing cheers as a salute to the
Stars and Stripes flying as if in defiance
of the elements at the Teresa's jackyard
and also to the bravery of the Merrltt's
men who had made such a gallant rescue
of their shipmates.
Twenty minutes later it was so dark
that the Teresa was only a black speck
against the horizon and at 6 o'clock noth
ing but the lights on the Merritt and
Leonidas could be seen, while the gale
howled and the sea rose higher than ever.
MARIA TERESA WRECK
WILL BE INVESTIGATED
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Secretary
Long has practically determined to
order a court of inquiry to investigate
the loss of the cruiser Maria Teresa.
The Secretary is pretty well satisfied
that everything was done that could
have been done to save the vessel, and
that her condition was such as to pre
vent saving her when she was struck
by a terrific storm. Before ordering
the court, Mr. Long will consult Lieu
tenant Commander Ira Harris, who
commanded the vessel, and other naval
officers who were on board. The report
of the board of investigation will be
useful in fortifying the Government in
cave any claim is filed by the Merritt-
Chapman Company for salvage. As a
representative of the company, Captain
Chittendon, was on board the Teresa,
when she was abandoned, and her com
mander consulted him with respect to
every movement made, the authorities
do not believe such claim would be jus
tifiable.
MARIA TERESA MAY
NOT HAVE GONE DOWN
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— James E.
Ward & Co., steamship agents, this
afternoon received a cablegram from
Mr. Moyer, their agent at Nassau,
N. P., that a two-funneled steamer, the
name of which had not been learned,
was ashore on Cat Island, about thirty
miles from the point where the former
Spanish warship Maria Teresa was sup
posed to have foundered during a
storm. The stranded steamer may be
the warship or one of the army trans
ports. ' JxUttMjA
WILL ABANDON WORK
ON THE CRISTOBAL COLON
WASHINGTON, Nov. 7.— Captain
Chester's decision yesterday to abandon
the work of wrecking the Colon marks
the end of that undertaking on the part
of the Government. It is said at the
Navy r>epartment that the captain was
directed to prosecute the work until
in his discretion it was no longer profit
able.
The Twelfth Victim.
DETROIT, Mich;, Nov. 7.— The terribly
mangled body of the twelfth victim of
Saturday's theater collapse was taken
from the ruins of Wonderland to-day. It
was that of Charles Mielke, a laborer.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Superior Quality is its pass-
port to your immediate favor
and cheerful patronage.
Val!Hlatz Brewing Co.
MILWAUKEE. U.S.A.
Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale
Dealers, 416418 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
ELECTION RETURNS ANNOUNCED.
TO NIGHT!
FUNNIEST COMEDY IN TOWN.
DR.
J9// /
mam F r * Bo** m*. a
WILL MAKE YOU LAUGH.
SEATS - - - 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next Week— "A FOOL OF FORTUNE."
MOROSCO'S GRANDS
Valxeb Jlokosco, Sole Lessee and Mauagec
WEEK OF NOVEMBER 7. 1898.
GRAND PRODUCTION
Of the Great French Melodrama.-
Strangles of Paris
A Panorama of the World's Gay Metropolis.
Exciting plot, f Strong cast. Great scenes.
Seats on Sale at the Box Office
And Main Floor of the Emporium. *
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Green 861.
Reserved Seats . . . 25 and ?Oc
Family Circle and Gallery . . 10c
MATINEES Saturday and Sunday
TiVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestino Krellng, Proprietor and Mgr.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK WITH SATUR-
DAY MATINEE.
t Ernestine) Krellng. Proprietor and Mgr.
tY NIGHT THIS WEEK WITH SATUR-
DAY MATINEE.
GREAT DOUBLE BILL. -
DO PI P MONDAY,
VJIIV.t/rL.L; WEDNESDAY, -
i~* IL> i~\ HTI A FRIDAY,
\1 1 KLII* L Pi SUNDAY EVENINGS.
TUESDAY, r* ID C ITC
THURSDAY, VIJVWUO
SATURDAY EVENINGS. Al ICDM
SATURDAY MATINEE. yUCCn
Next— "SUZETTE." First time here.
Popular Prices 25c and Ma
A Reserved Seat for the Matinee. 25c.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA oOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting 1898-99. beginning SATURDAY,
October 29. to November 12, - Inclusive. ' ■■
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
. Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day Friday and Saturday. Rain or Shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.;- .
Races Start at 2:15 p. in., Sharp. \
Ferryboats leave San Francisco at 13 m. and
12:10, 1, ■ 1:30, 2, 3:30 and 3 . p. m., : connecting
with trains - stopping at . the entrance -to th»
Track. Buy. your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the Track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after last rac*.
THOS. H. WILLIAMS . JR.. President.
• R. B. MILROY. Secretary. 1 ■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BRACES BODY AND BRAIN:
What Mariani Wine Does to Soothe,
Strengthen and Sustain
the System.
Vin Mariani (Mariani Wine) is rec-
ommended as a tonic by the medical
profession all over the world. It has re-
ceived written recommendations from
more than 8000 American physicians.
Mariani Wine soothes, strengthens
and sustains the system and braces
body and brain. It gives strength;
therefore may it be described as the
conqueror of disease and the promoter
of health and longevity.
Mariani Wine is specially indicated
for malaria, fever and ague and all
miasmatic fevers. It promptly dispels
chills, abates malarial fever, and gives
a sense of buoyancy and vigor.
Mariani Wine is furthermore of es-
pecial value in cases of Neuralgia, Ner-
vous Debility, Muscular Relaxation,
Mental and Physical Depression and
Exhaustion, Overwork or Overstrain,
Insomnia, Headache, Nervous Dyspep-
sia, Loss of Appetite, Emaciation and
Consumption. It builds up the vital
forces and is a powerful rejuvenator.
It gives strength to the nervous system,
firmness and elasticity to the muscles,
and richness to the blood- It benefits
all.
Mariani Wine is palatable and suited
to the most delicate stomachs. In the
cases of pale, puny, sickly children it
is invariably used with great benefit.
For overworked men and delicate
women Mariani Wine works wonders.
Mariani Wine Is sold by all Druggists.
Try it and you will find that it will well
sustain its reputation. One word of
caution, however — let no representation
or explanation induce you to accept &
substitute. "Just as good" usually
leads to disappointment.
To every one writing to Mariani &
Co., 52 West Fifteenth street, New York
City, will be sent, free, if this paper
is mentioned, an interesting little book
containing portraits and autographs of
Emperors, Empress, Princes, Cardinals,
Archbishops and other distinguished
personages, indorsing Vin Mariani.
AMUSEMENTS.
"BALDWIN TtHEATErT
GOTTLOB. MARX & CO., Lessees and Managers.
SUCCESS! SUCCESS!
Mr. Jacob Lltt Presents Grant Stewart's
<** Mistakes
Will Happen.
TO SEE IT IS TO LAUGH.
A Great Company, Headed by •
CHARLES DICKSON and HENRIETTA
CROSMAX.
Coming— "SECRET SERVICE."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
GOTTLOB, MARX & CO., Lessees and Managers.
■ HUNDREDS TURNED AWAY
1 UNABLE TO SECURE SEATS.
PRICES: 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
Famous Original Irish Comedians,
MURRAY
And MAGIC
In Their Brand New Comedy,
FINNIGAN'S BALL.
NOTHING BUT FUN.
TO-NlGHT— Election Returns Read From the
Stage.
Next Sunday-NORTHERN LIGHTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
GOTTLOB, MARX & CO.. Lessees and Managers.
MYSTERIES GALORE.
TWO SATURDAY MATINEE.
First Appearance Here.
KELLAR!
THE GREAT MAGICIAN.
Assisted by MRS. KELLAR.
A SERIES OF MARVELOUS ILLUSIONS
AND DECEPTIONS IN PURE MAGIC.
Coming— "AT GAY CONEY ISLAND."
COLUMBIA THEATER— Extra.
THURSDAY AFTERNOON, NOV. 10, AT S
O'CLOCK, LECTURE BY
WILLIAM ARMSTRONG
ON AMERICAN COMPOSERS.
Assisted by
Fritz Scheel and His Symphony Orchestra.
Popular Prices 50c. 75c and Jl
Seats Now on Sale at Sherman, Clay &. Co.'m
and at the Theater.
COMEDYJTHEATER.
TO-NIGHT !
Only Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Lincoln J. Carter's Great Spectacular Pro-
duction of
THE HEART
OF CHICAGO
BEE THE MARVELOD3 APPROACHING TRAIN.
Introducing a Splendid Line of
MICH-CLASS SPECIALTIES.
Prices— Eveninjr, 15c. 25c, 35c and 60c; Mat-
inee, 25c, to all parts. Gallery. 15c. Seal*—
Comedy Theater and Emporium.
Next— "UNDER THE DOME."
PAULINE HALL, Queen of Comic Opera, in
Popular Selections.
BEATRICE MORELAND AND CHARLE3
M. SHAY, in "A Game of Golf."
CARL HERTZ AND MLLE. D' ALTON, N«W
Illusion, "Aerolithe."
JOHN C. RICE AND SALLY COHEN, a New
Act, "The Kleptomaniacs."
RAYMON MOORE.
NEWSBOYS' QUINTET.
PEARL ANDREWS.
SELLS AND YOUNG.
THE BIOGRAPH, New Views.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-DAY (TUESDAY).
NOVEMBER 8. 2:30 P. M.
Monster Farewell Popular
Heinrich Recital.
Mr. Max Heinrich, Barytone: Mrs. Max Hein-
rich. Soprano.
Miss Julia Heinrtch, Contralto.
POPULAR SELECTIONS. POPULAR PRICES.
25c and 50c.
TO-NIGHT FULL ELECTION RETURNS
FiR'M THE ST \OE.
CONCEKTS ANiFBESCBTI?.
Open Dally from 7 A. M. to 6 P. M. During
the Winter Season.
ADMISSION lOc - - - - CHILDREN 5a
Bathing, with admission, ttc; children. Mo.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver lower.
Exchange declined.
Wheat quiet and weak. Barley ditto.
Red and Black Oats easier.
Corn and Rye dull.
Flour and Mlllstuffs nnchanged.
Hay and Feedstuffs the same.
Pink Beans weaker and quiet.
No change in Seeds.
Potatoes and Onions in good supply.
Vegetables cheap.
Butter weak. Eggs firm and Cheese steady.
Two cars of Easttrn Poultry in.
Game lower.
Fresh Fruit dull.
Raisins advanced again.
More tone to Prunes.
Provisions slow.
Hops firm and higher.
Hides quiet and Wool dull.
Hogs tending up again.
Merchandise quotations about the sam*.
ANNUAL FRUIT REVIEW.
The California Fruit Grower is out with its
annual review of the fruit Industry, and gives
the crop summary for 1897 as follow?: Fresh
fruit sMnmentu ovw'a"' ''" " "■ IH «" '""
fruit shipments overland, 145,21X000 lbs; cured
lruit output, exclusive 01 prunes, 79,11u,000 lbs;
prune output. 97.780.000 lbs: raisin crop, 93,
704.000 lbs; canned fruit pack, 1,942.982 cases;
tomato pack. 318.653 cases; orange and lemon
shipments, overland.- 15,400 carloads; wine and
brandy production, 35,442.468 gallons; beet sugar
output, 70,740,000 lbs; almond and walnut yield,
12,720,000 lbs; honey yield, 7,878,000 lbs; vege
table shipments, by rail and sea, 94,704.000 lbs
The number contained forty-two, pages filled
with useful and Interesting information for the
orchardlst and vlneyardlst.
NO BUSINESS TO-DAY.
To-day being a legal holiday business will be
suspended throughout the country.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 7, 189S, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall In last 24 hours:
Past 24 This Laet
Stations — Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 4.26 4.96
Red Bluff 0 1.11 2.79
Sacramento 0 O.SI 2.14
San Francisco 0 1.92 2.07
Fresno 0 1.14 1.23
San Luis Oblspo 0 0.58 0.36
Los Angeles 0 . 0.11 2.47
Ban Diego 0 0.07 1.07
Yuma 0 0.13 0.77
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
60; minimum temperature, 48; mean 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather Is cloudy in eastern portions of
Washington, Oregon. Montana, North Dakota,
Arizona and extreme southern portion of Cali
fornia: elsewhere it is clear. Rain fell during
the day in the western portions of Oregon and
Washington. Snow is falling this evening in
Eastern Washington, Montana and North
Dakota.
The temperature has fallen decidedly In all
districts, the greatest fall being In Nevada
and Utah, where It has amounted to over 20
degrees in places.
The temperature will fall decidedly to-night
over the northern portion of California and
frost will occur where the wind falls.
The following high winds are reported:
Eureka, 34 miles per hour, from the northwest:
Point Reyes Light, 52, northwest; Mount
Tamalpals. 70, northwest, and Independence,
82, northwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight, November 8, 189S:
Northern California— Fair; cooler Tuesday;
frost to-night seven? in exposed places; brisk
to high northwest wind.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday; cooler;
brisk north wind.
Nevada — Fair: cooler Tuesday.
Utah— Fair: cooler Tuesday.
Arizona — Fair: cooler Tuesday.
SAN FRANCISCO AND VICTNITT.
Fair Tuesday; cooler; brisk to high north
west wind.
Mount Tamalpals — Clear; wind northwest, 9
miles; temperature, 47; maximum tempera
ture, 51 O. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
eastern Markets.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Not. ".—To-day's stock market
undoubtedly reflected the conviction of opera
tors in securities that with election uncertain
ties out of the way the strong conditions of
the country industries will have their effects
and prices will advance. This conviction so
far as it found reflection In the market was
almost purely a professional one, for the out-
Bide Interest as seen by orders through com
mission houses was very Email. The profes
sional element showed no disposition to take,
profits pending the holiday, although there has
been sufficient rise In the last two days to
turn the balance of operations to that side In
any closing up of speculative accounts. The
evidence was rather on the side of covering of
Ehorts. Trading proceeded In a very desultory
manner during the early hours of the day, al
though the selling for foreign account, which
was fairly liberal, was well absorbed and prices
of the international stocks were firmly sus
tained. Southern Hallway preferred was a con
spicuous example, but as the day wore on the
market gained In activity and strength and
embraced an increasing list of stocks. The
contemplation of the very heavy volume of
bank exchanges and via enormous export busi
ness in cereals had their Influence on the bull
ish tendency, as did the continued favorable
report of railroad earnings, especially from the
West and South. An increase of 4uOo tons in
the e-ast-br.und freight movement from Chicago
was a feature. Handsome increases in earn
ings were also shown by Southern Hallway,
Northern Pacific and Great Northern preferred,
the latter showing J356.941 more earned for Oc
tober than last year. The Htocks which are
Junior to the bonds which were favorites In the
heavy bond business to-day felt the advantage
3f that movement, Atchison preferred advanc
ing over a point. Tobacco showed the largest
activity and gained over two points. Metro
politan Street Railway and Edison Illuminat
ing of New York are up 2 or over on talk of
advantages to the former from the use of Us
conduits for use in electric light purposes.
Notable movements were an advance of 7
points in American Express and 5Vi in Pull
man. Northwest gained nearly two points and
Lackawanna two points. There were dealings
In odd lots of quite a number of high grade
•tocks.
But the most conspicuous movement of the
flay was in bonds. There was enormous ab
lorptlon of the bonds Issued for the purpose of
reorganization of various companies and run
ning from 50 to 100 years. Of these the 4 per
cents were the favorites, and the Atrhison Is
lues were easily the leaders, gaining 1 per cent
In the price on very large demand. There were
Individual blocks of this bond sold of a par
value of $195,000, $106,000 and two of $100, miO.
The t'nion Pacific 4s were less prominent, but
Itill active were Northern Pacific prior liens
tnd Norfolk and 'U > stem general. The Erie
prior liens and the Reading 4s, which might
be placed in the same class, were heavy
Marked strength and activity was shown alao
by the new Baltimore and Ohio 4s, when ls
»ued. and also by the new Baltimore and Ohio
l^s. Dealings in Southern eonsol '.s continue
very large. There was a good demand for
many other bonds of the middle trade, ex
tending in some cases to the purely speculative
Issues. Total sales, £5,700,000.
Tnite<l States 4s coupon and the 2ds ad
ranced V*. and the old 4s and the new 4s regis
tered and the ",s '■» in tho bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 253.400
•hares, including: Atnhisrvn preferred, 2K.ftf,3;
Manhattan, 5134; Metropolitan Street Railway,
K)57; Northern Pacific, 10,295; Rock Island, 4735;
tnion Pacific, 3750; Union Pacific preferred,
663; St. Paul, 30.624; Cotton Oil, 3212; Tobacco.
».SOS; People's Gas. 3r.50; Sugar, 22,049; Tennes
►ee Coal and Iron. 4585.
CLOSING STOCKS.
atchlson 13 i Do perferred .... 62%
Do nref erred — 36%' Do 2d preferred.. 29 %
Baltimore & Ohio.. 44%|St Louis & S W.. 5%
panada Pacific 82% Do preferred 12%,
panada Southern.. 53 St. Paul 110%
Central Pacific .... 2."%' Do preferred ....161%
pies & Ohio 22 St P& Om 82%
Jjhl & Alton 16U4] Do preferred ....162'
fhi B & <J Jl.IVi Pt P M & M 169
?hi & E 111 61 So Pacific 23%
Do preferred ....106 So Railway 8%
?hi G W 14 Do preferred .... 35%
rhi Ind & L 7% Texas & Pacific... 13%
Do preferred .... 25 Union Pacific .... 32';
Ehi & N W 133% Do preferred .... 64%
Do preferred ..178ty LTD & a Ist paid. 6?a
J C C & St L 3»Vi]Wabash 7u
Do preferred fc6 I>o preferred 20
Del & Hudson 95% W & L E 4th paid 3
sel L & W 141 Do preferred .... 16%
t>el & R G 12% I Express Companies-
Do preferred — CSVijjAdams Ex 110
Erie (new) 12% American Ex 143
Do Ist preferred. 91% I United States ay,
Pt Wayne 174 Wells Fargo .....US
3t Nor preferred.. l3B% Mlscelaneous—
Hocking Val 2% A Cot Oil 36T4
aiinols Cent 109% Do preferred SVA
>ake Erie & W }3 Am Spirits 117,
Do preferred .... 62 Do preferred 34".
L«.ke Shore l?2',i Am Tobacco 140%
Units & Nash 58% Do preferred 123V4
Manhattan L. 96% Cons Gas 184
llet St Ry 1C6% Com Cable Co 179
Mich Cent 107% Col F & 1r0n.... 22%
Ulnn & St L 26% Do preferred .... 80
Do Ist prefrd.... 00 Gen Electric 81
»Io Pacific 33 Haw Com Co M
flobtle & Ohio 24% Illinois Steel trs-.-lonai
A X & T 10 I Inter Paper 50%
Do preferred 32% | Do preferred 88
S J Central (f!W Laclede Gas Co 48
N r T Central llo»J Lead 33%
tl T Chi & St L . 13 j Do preferred ....110%
Do Ist preferred. 70 Minn Iron trs 137
Do 2d preferred.. 33 !Nat Lin Oil 6%
(Tor West 12 (Pacific Mall 33%
(to Amir Co 6ft!People's Gas 103 Vi
No Pacific . . 40%. Pullman Pal ......138V4
Do preferred 76 * Silver Certlucates. «Ufa
Ontario & W.../.. 14^ Standard X * 1 " 11 ? 7 ,
Oro X & Nay../... 53 S"Jfar <ry---J tm*
Ore Short Line.... 27% Vo preferred I^J*
Pao Coast Ist pref. 74 T *-■ f *""?; a *?*
Do 2d preferred... 53 US Leather....... 6U.
Plttsburg .... 174 Do piei«rred .... 66
R~.li"- 16% U 9 Hubher... .40*
Do Ist preferred. 39* Do ppeierred :••■!s*»
ROW ..27 West Union : .. -- 9-%
Do preferred .... 60 Federal Steel Co.. 32^
Rock Island 108* Do preferred .... 76Vfc
St. Louis & S F.. 7% Brooklyn XT Co 67
CLOSING BONDS.
0 S So 105% N J C 5s 113%
IT S new 4s, reg..127% North Carolina 65.120
Do coupons 127% Do 4s 104 ■
V S 4s 111% No Pac lsts 117
Do coupons 113 Do 3s b6>4
Do 2ds 95% Do 4s 101%
U S sb, reg 112^ N V C & St L 45.100V4
Do ss. coup 113 Nor &W 6s 120
District 3 60s 118 Northwn C0n5015.. 142%
Ala class A 10S\ Do Deb Os 117 Vi
Do B 108&O Nay lsts 114
Do C 100 O Nay 4s 100% I
Do Currency ....100 O 8 Line 6s. tr 125% |
Atchlson 4s 97 OS Line ss, tr....107%
Do adj 4e 69% Pac 6s of 95 102% I
Can So 2ds 109%. Reading 4b 81Vi
Chi Term 4s 90% H G W lsts 59% I
C & Ohio 5b 115% St L & I M Con ss. 9s^ ;
C, H & D «4»....104§ St L & S F Gen 65. 120% ;
I) & R G lsts 108 .St P Con ....IGO I
' D & R G 48 97% St P C & P lsts....H9H |
East Term 16t5....107V(, Do 5s HS?i
I Erie Gen 4s 69% So Ry 5s 101
I F W & D lsts. tr.. 76% Std Rope & Tw 6s. 81%
i Gen Elec 5e 109% Term new set 35.. 94
IGH& SA 6s 105 TVx Par L Q lsts. .loß
Do 2ds ....104 Do reg 2ds> 45%
H & T C 6s 111^ Union Pac 4s. 101%
Do Con 6s IKHj.CJ P D & Gulf lsts. 80%
lowa C lsts 105'ilWab Ist 55.. 11l
La new consols 4?. 106 I Do'2ds 89%
L & N Uni 4s 92%:W Shore 4s 11l
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries 79%
M X & T 2d5...... 65 ! Do prefd. 7
Do 4s 9i« Wla Cent lsts 60%
N T Cen lsU 117%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15 Ontario 4 00
Crown Point 12|Ophir 74
Con Cal & Va .. 1 25 Plymouth 101
Dead wood 45 l Quicksilver 1 25
Gould & Curry.... 26 QuJckslver pfd... 4 00
Hale & Norcross. 1 00! Sierra Neveda ... SO
Homestake 50 OOi Standard 175
Iron Silver ... 65 Union Con 25
Mexican 241 Yellow Jacket .. 29
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— - Ed Elec Tel 194
Call loans 2@3 Gen Elec prefd... 161
Time Loans SVkfH Atch prefd 36% |
Stocks — • Bonds —
Atch T & St Fe.. 12% Atchison 4s 96%
Amer Sugar 115% Sen Elec 5s 107 Vi
Do prefd 11l Minlns shares-
Bay State Gas 2% Allouez Mln C 0... 5%
Bel Tel 278 Atlantic 31"*. I
Boston & Albany. 249 Boston & Mont .. 236
Boston & Me.... 162% Butte & Boston... 63% !
Boston & L 73V- Calumet & Hecla. 595.
Chi Bur & Q 116% Centennial 20%
Fltchburg 104 1 - Franklin 15%
Gen Elec 81 Old Dominion 33%
Mexican Central. 4% Osceola 68%
Old Colony 195 Qulncy 127
Rubber 4<Hj Tamarack 177
Union Pac 32% Wolverine 31
West End 88 Parrott 24
Do prefd : 108% Ilumboldt  4%
Westlngh Elec 33Vi'
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Nov. Consols. 109%: Silver. I'd;
French Rentes, 1021 2%c. "Wheat cargoes off
coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
passage, rather firmer; cargoes No. 1 Standard
California, 335; English country markets,
easy; Import Into U. X., wheat, 335,000; flour,
201,000; wheat and flour on passage to U. X. ,
1,540,000; wheat and flour on passage to Con
tinent, 1.470,000; Indian shipments of wheat to
U. K. 25,000; Indian shipments of wheat to
Continent. 19.000. I
LIVERPOOL., Nov. 7.— Wheat, easy; wheat
In Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull} French
country markets, quiet; cotton, uplands, 3d.
WHEAT— Spot No. 1 red northern spring,
steady, 6s 3d. Futures closed quiet, November
nominal; December, 6s %d; March, 5s 10% d.
CORN— November, steady. 3s 9?id; De
cember steady, 3s %d; March, steady, 3s 7d.
L/ONDON, Nov. 7.— Spanish fours closed at
UN
CLOSING.
LONDON, Nov. Canadian Pacific, 84%;
Grand Trunk, 6%; Bar Silver, quiet, 2Sd;
Money, 2%@3 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AWD PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— FLOUR— Receipts.
26. 4 53 barrels; exports, 6212 barrels. Quiet and
barely steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 407,925 bushels; exports,
104,576 bushels. Spot steady; No. 2, 75>4c f. o.
b. afloat. Options opened steady and were ad
vanced by war rumors, better cables and local
covering. In the afternoon a reaction ensued,
following a liberal visible supply and moderate
unloading, closed easy at %@%c advance. No.
2 May, 70%@71>*c. closed 70%0.
HOPS— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet.
METALS Compartively ' little business In
metals was done to-day, the market being of
the holiday order. But despite the apathy
shown on all sides, a very firm undertone pre
vailed, with sellers demanding full prices in
nearly all Instances. At the close the Metal
Exchange called: , ■ ,^*&
PIG IRON— Warrants very quiet l 3mth $7 bid
and $7 20 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Firm, with $12 62 bid and
512 75 asked.
TlN— Dull with $18 30 bid and $18 60 asked.
LEAD— Quiet but firm, with $3 72V4 bid and
$3 77% asked. The firm naming the settling
price for leading Western miners and smelt
ers quoted lead $3 50.
SPELTER— but firm with $5 15 bid and
$5 25 asked.
COFFEE — Options closed steady with prices
unchanged to 5 points higher. Sales 8750 bags.
Including November, $5 20; December, $5 35
(£5 40; February, $5 60; March, $5 70; April,
$5 75; May, $5 SO^ 85. Spot coffee— Rio steady;
No. 7 Invoice, 6c; No. 7 Jobbing. 6%c. Mild,
steady. ,
SUGAR— -Raw firm and held higher. Fair
refining. 3 13-lSc; centrifugal, 98 test, 4*4 c; mo
lasses sugar, 3 S-16c; refined, firm.
■ BUTTER— 5401 packages, firm;
i Western creamery, 15V4(523c; Elglns, 23c; fac
tor-. llf2<sl4Vj!<\
Receipts, 5911 packages, firm; West
ern 23c; Southern, 19%@20V40.
ELGIN, 111., Nov. 7.— Butter steady; offer
ings, 261 tubs at 23c; all sold.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW, YORK, Nov. 7.— California dried fruits
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 7@Bc;
prime wire tray, 7%@"%c; choice, 7?;@Sc; fancy,
t>%c.
PRUNES— S%@9%c.
APRICOTS— Royal. .ll@14c; Moorpark, 13017 c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, B%i@llc; peeled, 18®
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Nov. Nearly all of the actlv-
lty of the wheat market was confined to the
first forty-five minutes' trading.' There was
a very evident unwillingness among big and
little shorts to leave their contracts uncov
ered over to-morrow's election holiday and the
demand from this source while it lasted was
very potent. The additional support of the
market apparently came from the uneasiness
in England over the political situation, as
shown by a drop of 3-16 in consols. French
rentes were also easier. Liverpool by open
ing time here had fully recovered the decline
it started with, and cables brought fair ac
ceptances and inquiries for corn and oats for
both the United Kingdom and the Continent.
j The session preceding a holiday Is always not
ably dull and to-day was no exception. After
the early demand had been satisfied the mar
ket dropped.
Domestic receipts were very heavy, as were
the world's shipments and the visible supply
was expected to show a large increase. These
facts had a good deal of Influence in causing
a diminution of the demand . from those who
were buying on the European situation and by
the noon hour a good part of the early advance
had been lost. During the last hour trading
was excessively dull but prices held fairly
steady, renewed covering by shorts on a small
scale being sufficient to sustain the market.
May closed %c higher.
Corn early showed some strength, mostly
through sympathy with wheat, but the subse
quent weakening in wheat and the. liberal re
ceipts of corn had influence enough to cause
a gradual decline in • the price of the coarser
cereal. Closed a. shade higher.. The markets
for oats reflected the action of wheat and
corn. When signs of weakness appeared there
was rather free offering by receivers. Cash
demand was limited. May closed a shade
lower.
Provisions were almost at a standstill. The
market was ' firm and was helped by better
yard prices and the advance in wheat. What
little trading was done was mostly -of a
scalping nature.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High, Low. Close.
Wheat-No. 2—
November •••• •••• 65
December 65% 65% 65% 65%
> May ; 66>4 66% 66 66V4
Corn No. 2—2 — 31% , 31% . 31% 31%
November 31% 31% 31% HV4
December 31% 32 31% 31%
May 33% 33% 83% 83%
Oats No. 2— ■-
December.. 24 24% 23% 23%
May ..;.. 24% 24"4 24ft 24*
Mess Pork, per bbl — .
I December 8 00 00 8 00 8 00
January ........ ....9 07% 9 07% 905 905
Lard, per 100 lbs—
December .....4 95 .5 00 495 . 495
January ............5 02% 505 COO '5 02%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
December ...........4 62% 4 62% 4 62% 4 62%
January ............4 67% 4 67% 460 465
Cash quotations were as follows: - Flour,
easier, about 10c lower; No. 3 Spring Wheat,
6lV4@--64c; No. 2 Red, 65@66%c; No. 2 Corn, 32c;
No. 2 Oats, 25(525%c; No. 2 -White, 27% c: No.
3 White, 25%<527%c; No; 2 Rye. 51% c; No. 2
Barley, t. o. b.,' 35 to 49c; No. 1 Flaxseed, 83®
99c; Prime Timothy- Seed, |2 25@2 30; Mess Pork,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, KOYEMBER 8, 1898.
per bbl, JSffS 05; Lard, per 100 lbs, $5@5 02%: .
Short Rib Sides (loose). $4 95@5 06; Dry Salted
Shoulders (boxed), 4%<3>4'*c; Short Clear- Sides
(boxed), $s@f. 10; Whisky, distillers 1 finished
goods, per gal, $125; Sugars, cut loaf, 6.t>40;
Granulated, 5.14 c. ■*■ ,',: —
Articles— . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls ...... .„.......:.;. 16.000 24.000
Wheat, bu . .............. 216,000 49,000
Corn, bu .....:.. .568.000 Tl}*S99
! Oats bu 295.000 184.000
j Rye, bu .....: 25.000 50,000
Barley, bu 95,000 24.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. • Creameries. 14@21%c;
Dairies. 12^@19c; Cheese, quiet. 7%@9c; Eggs,
firm; fresh. 18c,'. '•• .:,■ " '*•
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— ' ■ Bushels. j Buß £ e ]?;,
Minneapolie .......:... 928.800 . 58.450
Duluth : 405.503 419.025
Milwaukee 53,950 ' . 12.E«i
Chicago 216,400 49.171
Toledo,. 38.880 43.800
St. Louis ....:..... 276,000 33.000
Detroit 73.035. 2,507
Kansas City 225.000 70,600,
Totals ~. 2,167.548 719,050
Tldewatei — 52.850 ,**•%>*
: Boston 82.850 68,084
i New York 407.925 106.576
j Philadelphia 60.021 80,906
| Baltimore 86,275 24.000
; New Orleans .......
Ga'veston 125.000
Totals 725,071 279.571
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— . >>'- Dec. Mar.
Opening 5 11V4 6 Btt
Closing ... 6 % 6 10V4
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Oct. Jan. -Apt.
Opening 47 25 46 10
; Closing 47 10 45 90
Wheat-
Opening 2160 !150
Closing 2160 2130
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. Nov. 7.— Arrivals of cattle to-day
were small and prices ruled 10@15c higher.
Native beef steers sold at $4(3*4 60 for common,
$4 75@5 for medium and $5 10@5 70 for good to
prime, the greater part Felling at $4 85@5 45.
The stocker and feeder trade was slow at $2 90
@4 50. the latter . for prime feeders. Cows,
heifers and bulls were active and higher.
Calves brought $3@7.
The liberal supply of hogs were well taken
at prices averaging 6c higher. Sales were
largely at $3 65£i3 67Vi the extreme range be
! ing $3 25@3 30; pigs sold at $2 60<g>3 40. largely
I around $3.
Hogs averaged well In quality.
There was a brisk demand for sheep and
lambs and prices advanced 10@15c. Sheep were
wanted at $3©4 for poor to fair, up to $4 40<{J
! 4 50 for choice to prime, choice Westerns sell-
I ing around $4 40. Lambs were In demand at
| $3 7305: feeders selling at $4 60@5 and feeding
! sheep brought $3 7.'; 4.
Receipts— Cattle, 12,000; hogs. 84,000; sheep,
16,000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Nov. 7.— Receipts. 5700.
Market steady. Native beef steers, $4 40<g>5 30;
Western steers, $3 85@4 30; Texas steers, $3 50
<g3 90; cows and heifers, $3@3 90; stockers and
feeders, $3 60<§"4 40; calves, $4 60®7; bulls;
stags, etc., $2 2.V&3 80.
HOGS— Receipts, 2S0O; market shade higher.
Heavy. $3 25(g3 57; mixed. $3 62@3 55; light,
$3 5a(&3 60; bulk of sales, $3 62@3 87.
SHEEP— 15,000; market .steady.
Native muttons, $3 So@4 40: Westerns, $3 653
4 25; stockers, $3 50©4; lambs, $4 25@5 40.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Nov. CATTLE— Receipts.
7000. Best strong, others about steady. Na
tive steers, $4 25<gT. 25; Texas steers, $2 40@
4 60; Texas cows, $1 70@2 90; native cows and
heifers, $1 50@4 25: stockers and feeders, $3is
4 25; bulls. $2 1501 50,
HOGS— Receipts, 8000. Market steady to
strong. Bulk of sales, $3 45&3 65; heavies.
$3 47V4@3 70; packers, $3 45<g3 65; mixed. $3 40
Si 3 60; lights, $3 30@3 55; yorkers, $3 45:53 55;
pigs, $3-?; 3 40.
SHEEP— Receipts, 400. Market steady.
Lambs, $3 70@5 25; muttons, $3@4 40.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT BALES.
The Earl . Fruit Company sold California
fruit at auction to-day with the following
results:
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— Tokay. $1 30 to $1 95.
average $1 56; double crates, $2 65 to $3 90.
average $3 21; Cornichon, $1 56 to $1 85, average
$1 67; double crates, $2 90 to $3 25. average
$3 10; Winter Nells Pears, $1 20 to $2, average
$1 57; Easter Beurre, $2 15 to $2 60. average
$2 44. Six cars sold. Weather favorable.
BOSTON, Nov. — Tokays, single crates,
$1 25 to $2 45, average $1 58; double crates,
$2 60 to $3 95, average $3 09. One car sold.
Weather cloudy.
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Nov. 7-The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says:
The stock market opened steady here to-day
but soon gave way. There is an entire lack
of. support with no bear account to assist
the markets.
The approaching settlement also cheeks
business, while the unsettled political condi
tion appears to be likely to disturb the mar
kets for some time to come. The close was
at the lowest.
Americans, however, were exceptionally
good, closing at the best. Appearances favor
striking out of a somewhat Independent
course, although a bad political situation and
an actual depression would, of course, deter
operators in that market here.
CALIFORNIA RAISINS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— The Journal of Com
merce says: Recent arrivals of California rai
sins have been freer than for some time past,
but are still below the quantity expected, and
the market is kept closely cleaned up. An
active demand for seeded for holiday trade
keeps seeders working night and day, and they
are still much behind in deliveries. Next
week's receipts of loose and layers are expected
to be quite large, as three steamers are ex
pected from New Orieans, and these. It is
understood, will be quickly followed by two
others.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 7.— Exchanges, $546,
964; balances, $77,229.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 7.— Reports of 61c be
ing offered for Walla Walla wheat were !n
circulation to-day, but 60c was the best figure
heard of for actual transactions. Valley and
Blue Stem were quoted at 63fi64c.
Farmers are not selling freely, and as ton
nage at hand has been well provided for there
is not much disposition on the part of the
dealers to bid up above export values.
Cleared— Ship Sllberhorn, with 105,018 bush
els wheat; ship Siam, with 94,307 bushels
wheat, both for Queenstown.
WASHINGTON.
T A COMA, Wash., Nov. 7.— Wheat— Club, 60c;
Blue Stem, 64c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 S7^a
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17^
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60-V t
Mexican Dollars — 47'/a
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— The market for wheat
tonnage is dull at 27s 6d, usual options. The
chartered wheat fleet in port has a registered
tonnage of 19,100, against 67.460 on the same
date last year; disengaged. 27.250 tons, against
10,000; on the way to this port, 143,370 tons,
against 192,700.
WHEAT— The market continues duH and
•w-fak at unchanged spot prices. The short
ness of tht> California crop forbids any local
activity this year. There will be no session of
the exchange to-day.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 20@l 21%; milling.
$1 23%@1 26%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
2000 ctln, $1 nV4; 16.000. $1 21%. May— 26,ooo,
$1 25%; 14,(>C0, Jl 25%; 6000, }1 25%.
Second session— May— 4ooo ctls, |1 25; 8000.
$1 24%; 4000, $1 24%. December— 4ooo, Jl 20%
6000. $1 20%; 16,000, $1 20%.
Regular morning session— December— 12,000
ctls. 11 20%. May— looo, |1 24%.
Afternoon session — December— 34,ooo ctls,
$1 20%. May— 26,ooo. »1 24%.
BARLEY— In spite of light receipts the mar
ket was dull, and the feeling was weak.
Feed, $1 256 1 28%; brewing. *1 32%@1 40 per
ct:
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— B:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second session— December— 2ooo ctl«, $1 jj
2000, $1 2»U.
Regular morning session — December — 6000 ctla
U 29; 2000. $1 28%.
Afternoon session — Decembe^-JOOO ctls
fl 28%.
OATS— Red and Black are rather weaker, but
the other descriptions are firm and In good de
mand.
Fancy Feed, $1 27%©1 30 per ctl; good to
choice. $1 22%@1 25; common, $1 m,@l 20; Sur
prise. $1 35(gl 42%; Gray. $1 Hifi'l 22%; milling,
$1 25fffl 30 per ctl; Red. Jl 40#l 47%; Black, $1 60
@1 70.
CORN— The market continues slow at un
changed prices.
Small round yellow. $1 15; Eastern large yel
low, $102%<g>105; white, $106; mixed, $I@l 02%
per ctl; California White, *1 Ou® 1 . 07%.
RYE— Is very dull. California, $1 20@l 22%;
Eastern, SI 17% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Eastern la quoted at $1 T5
per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
Quotations for these goods have not changed
for some time.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15@4 25; bakers
extras, $4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sack? are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbe; Rye Flour. $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; extra.
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 2o: vat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4(84 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Fa- r ' na '
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60; Rolled Oats
(barrels), $5 86© 6 25; in sacks, $5 X©6 0o; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas. J4 oO
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay ruled quiet at unchanged quotations.
Feedstuffs remain unchanged.
BRAN— sls@l6 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI9@2O per ( ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $27 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31'a31 50; Job
bing, $32@32 00; Cocoanut Cake, $24®25; Cotton
seed Meal, $28ig>30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 600
24 60; Cracked Corn, $24025. . „ .
CALIFORNIA HAY-Wheat. ?16@18 GO for
good to choice and $14® 15 50 for lower ffrades;
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat. $15®17 &o;
Oat. $14<5>15 60; Island Barley, $12 MXSI3 50; Al
falfa, $10(gll; Stock, $lIC- i ll 2; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Timothy, $13 per ton.
STRAW— SO@7Sc per baje.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Dealers are quoting rather lower figures for
Pink Eeana. They were advanced too rapidly.
The other sorts are unchanged.
Seeds remain without change.
BEANS— Bayou. $1 90@2; Small Whites, $2 10
@2 1i; Large Whites, $1 60@l 75; Pinks. $190®
2 05; Reds. $3 25; Blackeye, $3 40@3 B0; Butfers,
nominal; Llmas. $3 25@3 35; Pea, $2 10®2 20; Red
Kidneys, $2 25-52 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 60 per ctl: Yellow
Mustard, $4 25; Flax. $2@2 10; Canary Seed, 2%
(§2%ic per lb; Alfalfa. 7@7<*c; Rape. 2%©2*ic;
Hemp. 2%@3c; Timothy. 6@54c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 25@1 40; Green. $1 60
@1 75 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
The market is quiet and well supplied with
all kinds.
POTATOES— 3O<£4Oc for Early Rose and 30®
45c for River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanka, 75c
@$1 15; Oregon, 65cQ$l; Sweet Potatoes. 40@50c
for nearby and $I@l 2d for Merced.
ONIONS— 2u@4Oc per ct; Pickle Onions. 35®
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 2%@3c; String
Beans, lfe@3c; Lima Beans, 50c@tl per sack;
Bay Squash, 25@40c: Green Peppers, 25®50c;
Cabbage, 4U^soe; Tomatoes, 3f.<fi6<ic; Garlic. 3c
per lb; Green Okra, 25®60e per box: Dried Okra,
I>V. per lb; Egg Plant, 25@5Uc per box; Marrow
fat Squash. $10 per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw. 12c per lb In lots of 25 lbs; sliced,
desiccated, 16<JjlSc; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, ISc; Cab
bage, 3rtc; Sweet Potatoes. 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two oars of Eastern were put on, selling at
$5 50^6 for Hens. $5 for old Roostehrs, $s(g>s 50
for young do, $4@4 50 for Fryers, and $4 for
Broilers.
Game was lower all around.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 16®2nc; live
Turkeys, 15@16c for Gobblers and 14!515c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 2591 50; Goslings, $1 25
©160; Ducks. $4ft'i for old and ?4'<iS for
young; Hens $4 5<K-;.-) 50; Roosters, young. $4 50-31
5 50; Roosters, old. 1494 80; Fryers, $4; Broilers.
$3 50 for large S3 for small; I'ißeons. $1 per
dozen for old and $1 6001 75 for ajuabs.
GAM E
Quail/n BO; Mallard. $3fi3 ;V>; Canvasback, $4
<fr6; Sprig. $2<??2 :*; Teal, $1 50-92 25; Widgeon.
5 TSfISSS; Small Puck, ?1 2:,<3l 50; English
Bnlpe, H 2661 50; Jack Sntp<\ $1; Gray Geese,
$2 5<V White Geese, Ml; Brant, $150; Honkers.
$3; Hare. $1; Rabbit^. $1 25®1 50 for Cottontails
and $1 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
All descriptions under this head remain
about the sajne. Butter Is still weak, though
some dealers report more movement at the re
duced prices.. Eggs are firm and Cheese Is
steady.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 21321 c; sec
onds, i 18@20c.
Dairy — Choice to. fancy, lS@2oc; common
grades. 15@17%c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 18@20c; pickled roll,
19@21c; creamery turn, nominal.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed. 16@16^c per
lb: Elgin. 22@22»4c. ■ •
CHEKSE— Choice mild new, 10®llc; old. B\4@
»He: Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young America,
lO'-^ll'-jc; Eastern, 12@13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 35@40c per dozen; me
dium Eggs. 30<s?34c; Eastern, . 15@20c for ordi
nary and 24@26cfor fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS. •
The market Is very uninteresting. Supplies'
about balance the demand and prices show al
most no change from day to day.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $2©l per chest for largo and
for small.
Cantaloupes and Nutmegs are nominal.
Huckleberries, s@6c per lb.
Quinces, 75©$1 per box.
Persimmons, 40c in single and 65®70c per box
In double layers.
Pomegranates. 50@75c per small box.
Cranberries, $7 50&8 per barrel for Eastern
and $2 25 per box for Coos Bay.
Ordinary Grapes, 25<S'50c per box: crates Bell
about 10c higher than boxes; Wine Grapes, $20@
25 . per ton for Zlnfandel and $1520 for com
mon kinds. /
Raspberries, $3 50-fr« 50 per chest.
Apples, 38@60c for common, 75£JS5c per box
for No. 1 and ?lf?l 25 for choice. •
Pears, 606 $1 35 per box. .
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges, $I®3 per
box; Lemons, $I#2 for common and $2 60<g>
3 50 for good to choice; Mexican Limes, $4@
4 60; California Limes, 60©$l per small box;
Bananas, $1 60@2 per bunch; Pineapples, $3Q5
per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
The association has again advanced the
price of Raisins.
There Is a better feeling in Prunes, as the
Oregon crop is reported almost cleaned up, but
the market Is still sluggish. Other fruits re
main as before. Nuts are firm and Honey is
steady.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, SH#7e for 40-50" s,
5@5%c for 50-60's, 3%@4c for 60-70's, SVi^^c for
70-BO's. 2%©3 c for 80-90's, 2@2V4c for 90-in<Vs
and l%c for 100-no's; Silver Prunes, 2!4<g'sc;
Peaches, 6@7V4c for god to choice, 7 / 4@Sc for
fancy and 10<&12%c for peeled: Apricots, lfi©
12c for ■ Royals and 12'9'126c for Moorpark ;
Evaporated Apples, 7 5 4'<i7Vjc: sun dried, tfl
4V4c; Black Figs, sacks. 2@2%c; Plum?, (HO
6c for pitted and . lifjl'nc for unpltted: Nec
tarines, 6©7 c for prime to fancy; Pears, 6@7c
lor quarters and B@9c- for halves.
RAISINS— for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, 6%c for four-crown, 5%®7c for Seedless
Sultanas. 4?4c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; .Dried Grapes, 23i@3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts,' B@loc per lb: Walnuts, 6@
7c for hardshell, B@9c for softshell; Almonds, 5
@6c for hardshell, 13c for BOftsheil, 13@14c for
paper-shell; Peanuts, 4@s^c for Eastern and
4V4c for California; Cocoanuts,' $1 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, Id® lie for' bright and BOM
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6V4<g>
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, s@sV4c
BEESWAX— 24@26c per Ib.
PROVISIONS. . V-'v -
The market continues slow ana unchanged.
CURED . MEATS— Bacon, 7»4c per lb , \ for
heavy, 8c for light medium, 10c for light, 10«£c
for extra light and 12@12^c for : sugar cured
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10c; California
Hams 9@9V-c; Mess Beef, $10@10 50 per hbl ;
extra Mess Beef,. $11@11 50; Family Beef, $12'cf
12 50; extra Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $IS@
18 50; mess, $15 50@16; Smoked -. Beef. ll@l2c
per lb.
LARD— Eastern tierces, quoted nt 5%c per lb
for compound and 6%<37c for pure; palls, 7^c;
California tierces, 4%@5c "fib for compound
and 6c for pure: half barrels, 6'/4c;10-lb tins,
7V4c; 5-lb tins. 7%c. ■" ■ • ■ ■
COTTOLENE — Tierces, s"i®6'^c; packages
less than 300 lbs— pails,: 6o In a case, a^c:
3-lb palls, 20 In a case. S%c; 5-lb pails, 12 in a
case SV4c; 10-lb pails. 61n a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case,7%c: wooden buckets, 20
lbs net. 8»ic; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7T4c;. half
barrels, about 110 • lbs, . 7%c. : : ■
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides continue quiet and easy.
Hops are firm and wanted and a choice
lot would bring 17c, but such goods are scarce.
Most of the Hops now coming forward are
medium grade and bring- 14@15c.
Wool Is selling better In the East, but this
market Is still dull.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers 10c; medium, 9c: light, 8c: Cow
hides ' B@SV4c; Stags. Cc; Salted Kip, Sc; Calf,
9c: dry Hides, sound, 15c: culls and brands,
12@13c- dry Kip and Veal. 15c; dry calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, Js@2sc each; short wool,
30<Ii50c each: medium, 60@S0c; long wool, 90c@
$1 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 7~>@2 for large
and $I@l 50 fro small; Colts, 20@50c; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 60@l 75 for large and $1 for
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3Vi<f?3>4e per lb;
No 2, 2^«f2%c; refined, 4<£@4*i<-; Grease. 2c.
WOOL— IB 97 clip. Southern Mountain. 7ff?loc:
free Northern, B@l2c. Sprint? clips— Southern
Mountain. 12 months'. 9@llc; San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months', SfTlOc; Foothill and
Northern, free. 12Q'14c: Foothill and Northern,
defective 10@12c; Middle County, IS'Jflfic; Hum
boldt and Mendoclno. 14@16c; Nevada, 10014 c;
Eastern Oregon, 10@12c: Valley Oregon, 15(5 17c.
HOPS— IB9B crop, 13@17c per lb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are firm and a further advance Is not
improbable. /Receipts <• are V running lighter.
The other descriptions are unchanged. '
: Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: ..■■'■■ \ I ' .-'•
BEEF— First quality. 6%c; choice, 7c; second
quality, 5%@6c; third quality, 4@sc.
VEAL— Large. , 5%@6%c; small. ;! 6%<3>7&c
per lb. :,. ■ - \ ■■■.*• •:::..• — : -*»* -■■
P MUTTON— Wethers,' ; 7@7V4c; Ewes, 6%@7c
LAMB— per lb. ' • "
PORK— Live Hogs. 3%@3%c for large. 4®4Hc
for medium and 3Vi@3Vsc for small; stock Hogs,
2@3c; dressed Hogs, 5V4@6V4c
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next ', season,
nominal,, at 4%@5c; Wool Bags, 26@2Sc; San
Quentln Bags, $4 85; Fruit Bags, sc, 6V2C and
6%c for the three grades of ■ white and 7@Bc for
brown. /. ; ■ . _»«- •
COAL— Wellington,- $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $10 in bulk and $11 25
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Cannel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs • and ■ Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $8 per ton •in bulk and ; sl4
In sacks.' • • ■ ■.■■'■■■■■■
CORDAGE— 10% c; Sisal. 9%c; Duplex,
B^c basis.
CANNED FRUITS — , Cherries, $1 35@1 40:
Peaches, $1 40@l 75; . Pears, $1 40; Apricots,
$1 40; Plums, 95c. - *
CANNED VEGETABLES— 85c@$l 25;
Asparagus, $1 50@l 75; Tomatoes, 95c. . !V':. V ~
COFFEE— Costa Rica— ls@l7c . for prime
washed, 14@i5c for good washed, '' ls@l6Vic for
good to prime washed ' peaberry, 12*£@14c for
good leaberry, ll@13&c for good to prime,. 10@
lie for good current mixed with black beans,
S^@loV4c for lair, 5H@Sc lor common to ordi
nary. Salvador— ' for . good to prime
washed, 9%(&'11c for fair washed,' 12@13%c for
good to prime washed peaberry, B?i®Sc for su
perior unwashed, 8&c for 'good green unwashed,
io%(g)llc lor good to prime unwashed ; peaberry.
Nicaragua— S@9c for good to superior unwashed,
Irvine for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— for-, prime to
fancy washed, 12<U14c for good to strictly,
washed, 9Va@llc for. fair washed, 7@9c for me
dium, s@7c for inferior to ordinary, 12@14c.for
good to prime washed peaberry, 10^<&)llc for
good" unwashed peaberry, S@Sc for good to su
perior unwashed. ;•...■
PACIFIC CODFISH— 4c;. cases, se
lected. 4Uc; imitation Eastern, 5%c: boneless,
6Hc; strips, 6»i@7>4c:- blocks, s^i@7c; tablets,
7&c; middles, 6i4(as»,4c.per lb; desiccated, 87% c
per dozen; pickled cod, ' barrels, each, $8;
pickled cod, half-barrels,' each, $4 50. -
LEATHER— SoIe Leather, heavy, 25@28c per
lb; Sole Leather, medium, 24(©25c; Sole Leather,
light, 26c; rough Leather, heavy, 24@25c;
rough Leather, light, 23@24c; Harness Leather, i
heavy, 30@36c; Harness Leather, medium, 27®
30c; Harness Leather, light. 26@28c: Collar
Leather, 14(g16c per foot; Kip, finished, 40@45c
per lb; Veal, finished, oOigaoc; Calf, finished, 75c
@fl; Sides, finished, 16$ 17c per foot; Belt
Knife splits 14@16c per lb; rough splits, B@loc.
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1, 95c;
barrels, 90c per gallon (manufacturers" rates);
Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled, 4Sc; raw, 46c;
cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra winter strained,
barrels, 56c; No. 1, 46c; cases,, 5c more; China
Nut, 40© 53 c per gallon;" Pure Neatsfoot Oil,
barrels, 65c; cases, 70c; No. 1, barrels, 55c;
cases, 60c; Sperm, crude, 60c;' natural . white,
40c; bleached white, 45c; Whale Oil, natural
white, 40c; bleached white. 45c: Pacific Rubber
Mixed Pain - white and house ' colors, $1 23<g>
1 35 per gallon; wagon colors, $2®2 25 per gal
lon. • >«—«.%.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White' Coal Oil, in bulk, 12c per
gallon; Pearl Oil. In cases, 17% c; Astral Oil,
17^c; Star Oil, 17Hc; Extra -Star Oil, 21% c;
Elaine Oil, 22Vi;c; Eocene Oil. 19V6c; Deodorized
Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 13c- In cases, lS&c;
Benzine, in bulk, 12c; cases, 17c; 86-degree
Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; In cases. 25c. ■
CANDLES— Light Candles— 6s. 16 oz,
7>-3C; 6s, 14 oz, 6V4c: 6s, 12 oz. 6^4c: 6s, 10 oz,
4M.C Granite (Mining) Candles— 6s, 16 ox, B%c;
6s, 14 oz, 7%c; 6s, 12 oz. 7'4c; 6s. 10 oz, 61.4 c.
Paraf fine Wax Candles— ls, 2s, 4s, 6s, 12s, white,
8c; colored, 9c. ' ■
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6@7c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases. E6c; in Iron barrels,
51c; in wooden barrels, 53c per gallon.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 41c; raw, barrels,
39c; cases, 5c more. •
QUICKSILVER— S4I per flasK for local use
and $37 for export.
SUGAR— Western Sugar . Refining Com
pany quotes, term? net cash: Cube crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c: Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated, 5Hc; Confec
tioners' A, SV-c: California A, 5V«c; Magnolia A.
sMic; Extra C. 6c; Golden C. 4%c; half-barrels,
%c more than barrels, and . boxes %c more. No
order taken at less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. ._.''"'
THE STOCK MARKET.
The a-ivance in mining stocks continued yes
terday, as will be seen by the list of sales,
which also showed an improvement in volume.
The Con. New York and Con. Imperial as
sessments fall delinquent in board to-morrow.
To-day being a legal holiday, the different
boards will not be In session.
There was a good business in local securi
ties. Giant Powder recovered to $59 and Ha
waiian Commercial to $66 50, both under active
sales.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
.-I
MONDAY. Nov. 7—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— S F G & E . . . . 85'% 85%
4s guar c0up..H2%113 San Fran .... 3 3*4
41 .juar reg...lll>.*Ul% Stockton Gas.. 13 —
4b quar new...126%127V« Insurance— ■
3s quar c0up.. 104V4105 Flrem's Fund. 20914 —
Miscellaneous— Water Stocks—
Cal-st Cab 55. .115 117 i Contra Costa.. — 6«
Cat El 69 125 — Marln Co 50 —
C C Wat 55...100>4 — Spring Valley. 100
Dup-st ex c... — 98V4 Bank Stocks—
E L & P .130 — Anglo-Cal 6214 63
F&CI Ry 69.114 — Bank of Ca1..249ft250 .
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Cal SD & T.. — 100
H C & S 5Hs. — 110 First Nationl..2in 220
L A L, Co 65.. — 100 Lon P& A 131 V4 —
Do gntd 63.. 99 10014 Mer Exchange — 16
Market-st .128%— Nev Nat 8....171 177J4
Do Ist M r.5.114" Savings Banks—
N C NGRy 7s. 108 — Ger S & L..1600 1630
N Ry Cal 65. .113 114 Hum S & L.1050 1160
X Ry Cal 55. .104% — Mutual Say. 35 . 45
NPC R R 65.103 — S F Say U.. 495 —
NPC R R 55.100V4101 . S& L. 50.... , — 98
N Cal R R ss. — — Security S B 300 • 350
Oak Gas 65.... 108^109 Union T C 0.1060 —
Om Ry 6s 126% — Street Railroads—
P & Cl Ry 65. 106 107 California .....109 109%
P & O 6s 112 — Geary '.•45 . —
Powell-st 6s .. — 123 Market-st 54 54%
Sac El Ry 58.100 — Presidio • 9 10
8F& N P 55.110U110% Powder—
SierraßCal 65.104H105% California ....125 145
a rof Ar 65. .1081*— E Dynamite... So 95
S P Cal 6s....lUVj— : Giant Con Co. 68^4 59
BPC Is eg 55..101 Vi — Vigorit ........ 2% 3
8 P Br 6s 115% — Miscellaneous
S V Water 65.115%U9% Al Pan A58n..103%104}4
S V Water 45. 102^4 — Ger Ld Wk5...160 —
S V W45(3dm).101%102 lHana P C 0.... 17?* 17%
Stktn Gas 65. .100 — !H C & S Co.. 56H 56%
Gas & Electric— Hutch S P Co. 6.1 1 ? 64
Cent Gaslight.los — . Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Cent L. & P.. 8% — Oceanic S Co. 604 60%
Mutual El co. 94 10 Pac A F A... IV4 —
Oakland Gas.. 52% 53'4!Pac C Bor C 0.105. 105 108
Pao Gas Imp.. 85 — | Par Paint Co. 7 9
Pac LCo 48 —. I
Morning Session.
160 Hana Plantation Comptny 17 87%
50 do do s3O 17 87%
6 Giant Powder Con 57 50
15 do do 57 7o
25 do do :....; 6757W
100 do do 58 00
20 do do .•••• 58 25
25 Hawaiian Com and Sugar Co 54 50
200 Hutchinson S P Co 63 50
25 Nevada National Bank 175 00
25 S F Gas and Electric Co 85 00
55 do do S5 25
15 do do 80 12V4
15 Spring Valley Water 100 50
2000 Spring Val 4s Bends (3d mortgage) 101 50
Afternoon Session.
30 Giant Powder Con 58 .5
100 do do s3O . 68 50
20 do do . 59 00
60 Hutchlnson S P Co 63 62J/4
85 Hana Plantation Co 17 87%
50 Hawaiian Com and Sugar Co 5o 00
10 do do 5o 00 .
70 do da .-...............;...... 56 00'
125 do di 56 50
100 Market-street Railway 54 00
5 Oceanic Steamship Co 60 50 .
$100 r S 3 percent Bonds : 104 Jo.
500 Vigorit Powder 3 00
Street— ,_ ■„;;
50 Hana Plantation Co 17 SiH
25 Nevada National Bank . 170 00
10 S F Gas and Electric C 0......... So 25
$2000 8 P. of A Bonds ...........:.. ........108 25
$1000 Spring Val 4s Bonds (3d mortgage). 101 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session. .. '
25 Market-street Railway ..>...,. 54 25
15 Hawaiian Com and Sugar Co 54 50
20 Alaska Packers' Association-.. 103 62V4
40 Hutchlnson S P Co .:.....:.:.... 63 75
Afternoon Session. \;
25 California Safe Deposit ...: 98 00 .
25 Hawaiian Com and Sugar C 0......... 54 75 .
50 Co do ........ 54 871,4
25 : do 'do ■'.. .."...:..'. 55 00
50 Hana Plantation Co 18 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were ' the 'sales ! In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300Alta ..1...... .... : 06 E00V... ................ 07
200 Andes . 4 . .'. ; . . : . . '12 500 Mexican , .27
700 Best & Belcher. 36 300 Ophir ............ 7S
500 Chollar 20 100".:.:..- ....:... ..../7»
100 ...... ............ 21 300 Potosi-.-...;.. 121
600 Con Cal & Va..l 45 500 Savage :..'. ~27
200 ...... ..140 700 Seg Belcher ....,04
400 Con New j York. ■01 400 Sierra ; Nevada.. ■:. 95
300 Exchequer .. 04 300 Union Con .-....• 32
100 Gould & Curry. 27 200 Yellow Jacket... 24
100 Justice, ;... 061 .. .„ •-;-;
Afternoon Session. .
500 Alta 06:700 Gould -- & Curry. 23
100 Belcher , 2." 100 Justice 07
500 ...... 26 250 Ophlr. 76
400 Best & Belcher. 3i. 250 .... .....;........ 75
200.. .f:. !...' 33 300 P0t05i. ■..:..;;..■..- 19
100 Bullion OS 200 Savage .......... .26
lOOChollar -22 100 ...... .:.......... 27
130 Con Cal & Va..l 35 200 Sierra Nevada... 92
1000 ..... 140 100 ...*.:. "..\r:...... 91
10 ...... ...:....:...l 30 1 200 Union Con :.....; 29
600 Con New York.. 02 100 Yellow Jacket... v22
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session. ,
700 Andes 12 1000...... ...... —•• <« '
JOOi-"* ;.' 11 400 Mexican ■ •• *» \
800 Belcher 25 350 Ophir ••• — - 1?
V* ; 26 300 t - g
300 ......!.. 23 500 " ... ' ;l\
200 • • 2' 200 .. • 8
JOO Best «&. Belcher. 33 800 Potosl ••• J-|
"00 32 300 Savage *2
500 ...... ..... 31 300 .....♦••-••• * '
500 Bullion ..".".'.!"" 08 200 ".'.'... •••• 26
300Chollar 21400 .... 25
1300 Con Cal & Vail 40 300 ....:. v 24
i? 0 135 450 Sierra Nevada.. 94
400.... 145 300 ..•• %■
3?0 ...... 14714400 15
J2OO ..... ; 1 50 200 Union Con 33
200 I*, 1 400 32
300 Confidence ".'.'.'.'.'. 621300 " "" '.'. ..".'. 31
1000 Con Imp _, 01600. ...... 30
200 Crown Point ... 15 1200 Utah .'••• 0
500 Gould & Curry.. 26,200 ...... •••• ° 7
1200 Justice 051400 Yellow Jacket...- 22
■ . ■ Afternoon Session. .
1000 Andes 12 200 Hale & Norcrss.l 10
600 Belch<* 22,200 Mexican 22
200 ............ w 23.400 Ophir .....77
200 2*1200 ...... ............ 78
700 Best & Belcher. 31 1 200 Overman '. 06
400 Bullion ........... 08 200 Potosl 19
400 Caledonia 30:400 Savage 26
300.. 27 500 Scorpion ...05
200 Challenge 18 150 Sierra Nevada.. 92
£00 Chollar 21|300 93
200... *... 20 400 Utah 08
I 300 Con Cal & Va.l 35 500 07
400 Crown Point ... 13 '200 Yellow Jacket... 22
200 Gould- & Curry. 23 :^V
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. » .', . .
MONDAY. Nov. 7-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. - .'-i-.- ■-».-.-■■ Bid. Ask.
Alpha — . 05 Julia 01 02
Alta 05 Justice ..; 06 07
Andes 11 12 Kentuck ....... 06 07
Belcher ......... 25 26 Lady Wash .... — 02
• Benton . — : 07 Mexican 23 24
Best & Belchr. 33 34 Occidental 46 48
I Bullion 05 07 Ophir ...77 79
'Caledonia ...... — 30 Overman 06 07
i Chollar ...21 22 Potosl 1? 20
, Challenge 19. —(Savage 25 26
I Confidence ..... 61 65 Scorpion 04 . —
Con Cal & • Va.l 40 145 Seg Belcher ... 03 04
Con Imp ...... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 90 92
Crown Point ..13 ;14 Silver Hill .... — 07
Con New York. — 01 Syndicate 03 —
Eureka .: .. — 35 Standard 175 185
Exchequer — 04 Union Con .... 29 30
Gould & Curry. 23 25 Utah 07 08
Hale & Norcrs.l 05 —I Yellow Jacket. 21 22
• ' ASSESSMENTS PENDING. '
Company.
No.
in the
Board.
Day of
Sale.
Savage '
Bullion :
Belcher
Con. New York...
Con. Imperial
Justice
Chcllar . .
Crown Point .....
Alta
Mexican
Best & Belcher...
Confidence ........
Alpha
SeK. Belcher
Occidental
Potosl
Gould & Curry ..
96
53
59
15
41
63
47
75
60
60
65
31
21
22
31
51
85
..Nov. 1 ..Nov.
..Nov. 1 ..Nov.
..Nov. 7 ..Nov.
..Nov. 8 ..Nov.
..Nov. 8 ..Dec.
..Nov.U ..Dec.
..Nov. 12 ..Dec.
..Nov. 15 ..Dec.
..Nov. 17|..Dee.
[..Nov. lS|..Dec.
|.. Nov. 18 ..Dec.
j.. Nov. 20 ..Dec.
..Nov.2s|..Dec.
I. .Nov. 26 ..Dec.
..Nov. 28 ..Dec.
]..Dec. 2 ..Dec.
|..Dec. si..Dec.
10
05
10
03
01
10
10
10
05
10
10
10
03
03
10
10
10
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, November 7.
Flour, qr sks.. .. 21.6*1 |Hops, bales 273
Wheat, ctls 5,240 Hay, tons 448
Barley, ctls 6:r> Pelts, bdls •
Cheese, ctls 33 Hides, No M
Butter, ctls 106 Eggs, doz 6,760
Beans, sks 6.5101 Leather, rolls .. 109
Potatoes, sks ... 3.993 Lumber, feet .... 60,000
Shorts, sks 75 Wine, gals 46.800
Onions, sks 9M Brandy, gals 1,488
Bran, sks SOP Sugar, bags 1.240
Middlings, sks .. llalßaisins, bxs .... 1,850
Wool, bales U6iChicory, bbls ... 62
OREGON.
Lime, bbls 228; Potatoes, sks ... 1.523
Flour, qr sks.... 14.185 Barley, ctls 10, OW
Wheat, ctls 4, 000 1 Oats, ctls 420
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 101
» m •
The shovel fish is so called because
it uses its nose to turn over the mud at
i the bottom of the sea in quest of the
! worms and small shellfish on which it
j feeds.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the T'nited States Hydrographlc
Offlop. located in the Merchants' Exchange. Is
maintained in Pan Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordiaJly Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired). U. S. N., in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 8.
Sun rises 6:4.1
Sun sets 5:03
Moon rises 0:57 a. m.
! Feet.
j Feet.
I
jH W
1 0:
1:38
2:19
3:00
3:42
[ W
I
1.0
1.7
2.0
2.3
2.5
2.8
7:19
7:45
8:13
8:43
9:12
9:51
4:25
4.1
4.1
6.
5.'
6.
1:27
2:11
2:45
5:28
I.
1.1
7:16 3.5
8:24 3.8
9:22 3.9
10:19 3.9
11:15 4.0
H W
I
5:45| —0.7
2.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives .the
last tide of the day. except when there are But
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
W h r n a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
lineola iTacoma |Nov. 8
jelgie China & Japan Nov. »
:olon Panama Nov. |
Coos Bay Nov. 8
Valla Wa11a.... Victoria & Puget Sound Nov. 8
forth Fork Humboldt Nov. 8
> omo na Humboldt Nov. 8
'uracao Mexico Nov. 9
Cleveland Taooma |Nov. 9
kustraliri Honolulu ,Nov. 3
ianta Rosa San Diego iNov. 9
Vashtenaw Tacoraa |Nov. 9
tea \V. Elder.. Portland i Nov. la
Samoa Humboldt Nov. 10
•oos Bay Newport Nov. 11
Smplre |Coos Bay Nov. 11
•hilkat Humboldt jNov. 11
>el Norte Crescent City Nov. 12
iiam Nanalmo Nov. 12
Lllianee Oregon Ports ] Nov. 12
'olumbia Portland Nov. 13
:orona Ran Diego Nov. 13
Tmatilla Victoria & Puget Sound Nov. 13
"ltania Nanalmo Nov. 13
lackinaw Tacoma Nov. 13
'. Nelson Tacoma Nov. 15
•rizabft Newport Nov. 15
State CallforniajPortland Nov. 16
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer, j Destination. Sails. Pier.
.capulco ..iPanama Nov. 8, 12 m|PMSS
tate of Cal Portland Nov. 9, 10 ami Pier 24
rizaba .. Newport Nov. 9, 9 ami Pier 11
ity of Rio. Chlna& Japan Nov. 10. 1 pm|PMSS
rcata Coos Bay Nov. 10. 10 amjPler 13
omona .... Humboldt .... Nov. 10, 2 pra Pier 9
:avarro . . . [YacjUlna Bay. Nov. 10, 5 pm]
anta Rosa'lSan Diego I Nov. 11. 11 am|Pler 11
W. Elder! Portland ! Nov. 12. 10 am | Pier 24
i'alla Wall|Vlc & Pfft SdJNov. 12. 10 am,Pler 9
hilkat ....; Humboldt .... Nov. 12, 2 pm, Pier 13
leveland ..'Pujjet Sound.. Nov. 12. 9 amjPler 8
oos Bay... 1 Newport Nov. 13, 9 am i Pier 11
ztec IChina&JapaniNov. 15, 1 pmjPMSS
olumbia ..[Portland [Nov. 15, 10 am Pier 24
orona 'San Diego |Nov. 15, 11 am. Pier 11
Steamer. ! Destination.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrosrraphic Office, U. S. N. f Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., No
vember 7, 1898.
The time ball on th tower of the new Ferry
bulldlng; was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
I. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwic* mean time.
>"^IAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired). U. S. N., In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday. November 7.
Stmr Chllkat, Anderson, 26 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. \ 52 hours from Mom
I •**»*«* P ° rt
TowHsend. via Crescent City » bou™.
Stmr Progreso, Gilboy. 90 hours rrom »»i
"stmr State of California, Parson. 52 hour,
from Portland, via Astoria 42 hours. P r
Schr Abbie. Hansen. IS hours from Caspar
Schr American Girl. Madsen. 11 day ß iroai
Port Gamble.
'- t CLEARED. w .
Monday. November 7.
Stmr ; Corona. Debney. San Diego; Goodall.
P | r tmr S Que C en. Jepsen. Victoria, to; Goodall. J
P Br 'sfmf Wellington. Salmond, Nanalmo; R
San Pedro; Goodall.
!! r tmr S Acapulco, Cattarinlch,. Panama, etc.; P
M Ship BDRlce, Carver. London; C A Hooper
*Br°«hlp Harland. Johnston; Liverpool: Bal
four. Guthrie & Co. Williams. Portland:
Br ship Matterhorn. Williams, i-ortianu.
Meyer. . Wilson & Co. . .
SAILED. ,
r..-- = -.' - Monday, November 7.
Stmr Brunswick." Andresen.
Stm» Aln>- Jorgensen, Mendocino.
Stmr Queen, Jepsen. Victoria and Port
Townsend. . ' • _
Stmr Corona. Debney. San Diego.
. ' TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Nov. 7.— 10 p. m.— Weatner.
hazy; wind. NW; velocity. 14 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Louis Walsh loads coal at Tacoma for
this port. SPOKEN . *
SPOKEN. • . ,
Per schr S Danielson-Nov 4 off Port |Orfort.
tug Cherry, from Alaska, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELEY— Nov 6— Schr Jaa
H Bruce, for Newport. . .
NEAH BAY-Passed out Nov 7— Br DarK
Vale of Doon. from Tacoma. for Shanghai, snip
Sintram, from Tacoma. for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND-Passed out Nov 7-Br
ship Colllngrove. from Port £}*£ ele «y; '.£
Shanghai; bark R. P Cheney, from Seattle,
for San Francisco: chip Florence, from beat
tle, for San Francisco. 7-Stmr Pasadena,
EUREKA-Arrived Nov 7-Stmr Pasadena,
from San Pedro. ' _ ■!»_,„
Sailed Nov 7— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco; schr J G Wall, for San Francisco; schr
Mary Dodge, for Nov 7— Schr Dawey. for
ASTORIA— SaiIed Nov 7— Schr Dewey. for
""Arrived • Nov 7— Stmr Alliance, hence Nov 1.
Nov 6— Br ship Beeswing, from Shanghai; »r
ship Crown of Scotland, hence Oct 25.
VENTURA- Sailed . Nov 7— Stmr Geo Loomis.
for San Francisco. Nov 7-Stmr South Coast
VENTURA— SaiIed Nov 7— Stmr Souta Coast
for San Francisco. ■■_- ' ■:~?: ~? , _^
A— Arrived Nov ft— Schr Sequoia, from
San Diego; schr Lena Sweasey, hence Oct 23.
Sailed Nov 6— Ship Dashing Wave, f or . San
COOS Arrived Nov B— Schr Sacramento,
GREENWOOD- Sailed Oct 7— Stmr Alcazar.
f SAN a pEDR o^-Salled Nov 4— Bktn Monitor, for
Eureka. Nov s— Schr Bertie- Minor, for Eu
re TACOMA— Sailed Nov fr— Stmr Washtenaw.
f0 YE S NTUR a A-Ai?ived Nov 7-Stmr Geo Looml.
he pORT O ANGELES-Salled Not «-- Schr H D
Bendixen, from Chemalnus. for Sydney. „
PORT TOWNSEND— Nov 7— Stmr
Al from Dyea. ship Collingrove. for Shang-
Sailed Nov «— Br ship Collingrove. for Shang
hai: Chil ship Star of Italy, for Tacoma.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Nov 6— Stmr Cleveland, for
San Francisco. • • ■ _ • .
NEWPORT— Arrived Nov 7— Stmr Weatport.
from Fort Bragg. '_ 
POINT ARENA— Arrived Nov 7— Stmr Alca
tr 6R BRAGG^Arrlved Nov 7-Stmr CoquiU.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Nov 7— Stmr Coqulll*
River, hence Nov 5.
VENTURA— Arrived Nov 6— Stmr South Coast
"cLALLAM BAY— Passed Nov Bark Pal
myra, from Port Gamble, for Algoa Bay. Nor
5— Rktn Ruth, from Seattle, for San Francisco;
ship • Two Brothers, from Departure Bay. for
San Francisco. .
PORT ANGELES— In bay Nov Bark Rufus
E Wood, from Chemainus. for Sydney.
PORT TOWNSEND— Nov Schr
St Katherine. from Puget Sound, for . ■
PORT TOWNSEND— Nov 6— Ship
Sintram. from Taroma, for San Francisco.
Sailed Nov 6— Br ship GifTord. for Tacoma.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Nov Stmr Sequoia,
hence Nov 4.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Nov 6— -Ship Florence, for
San Francisco; bark B P Cheney, for San
Francisco; stmr Dlrigo, for Dyea.
Arrived Nov 4— Jap stmr Rlojun Maru, from
, Yokohama. »
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 6— Ship George
Curtis, from Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HILO— To sail Oct Schr Spokane, for
Puget Sound.
CARDlFF— Arrived Nov 6— Br ship Port Lo
gan, from Astoria.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Nov 5— stmr Em
press of China, tor Vancouver. Nov C— Stmr
Olympla, for Tacnma.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Nov 6— Br ship Ben
Dears:, hence July 9.
HONGKONG — Arrived Nov — Br stmr Brae
mar, from Portland ; Br stmr Columbia, from
Tacoma.
ISLE OF WIGHT— Nov 4— Br ship
King George, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
LIMERICK— Nov s— Ger bark H
Hackfeld. hence May 25.
SYDNEY — Arrived Nov 4 Stmr Alameda. hnc
Oct 6.
Sailed Nov s— Br stmr Miowera. for Vancou
ver.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
kj. Steamers leave Broadway
Jtgfrw^ wharf, San Francisco:
! ts3sW?sx For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
9 nPfijfe^ Nov. 2. 7, 12. 17, 22, 27. Dec. 2.
I IIBEwB transfer at Seattle.
' Hfi£BljAi For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
19RJK*sgX&M C.), Port Townsend, Seattle,
I1I 1 "^^^HsfflfflK Taccma, Everett, Anacortes
""JTM _uJ New Whatcom (Wash.), 10
a. m., Nov. 2, 7. 12. 17, 22, 27,
Dec 2 and every fifth day thereafter, trans-
fer at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma to N. P.
Rv at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Nov.
5. 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, Dec 6, and every fifth day
1 For Santa Cruz. : Monterey, San Simeon.
Cavucos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Nov. 1. 5, 9. 13, 17. 21, 25. 29.
Dec 3, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m , Nov. 3. 7. 11. 15. 19, 23, 17, DM. 1. Us*
every fourth day thereafter. ■
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., ISth of every
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
• pii bmirn of saillne.
TICKET OFFICE -i New Montgomery
street, (Palace Hotel). .«
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Ajrts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R, & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST
IP O !RT LA 2STID
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a.m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berths
rHnt $8 Second Class and Meals.
George W. Elder sails Nov. 3. 12. 21. 30.
Columbia sails Nov. 6, 15. 24. Dec. 1.
State of California saiJs Nov. 9, 18, 27, Dec. t.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points in the NorthwMt.
Through tickets to all points East.
S. C. WARD, General Arent.
630 Market iti— C
GOODALU PKRKINS A CO.,
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique,
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday
at 10 *. m.. from Pier 42, North •JSHfefefc
River, foot of Morton street.
LA GASCOGNE Nov. 1J
LA CHAMPAGNE Nov 1J
LA BRETAGNE Nov 26
LA TOURAINE De C ." j
LA GASCOGNE Dec. 10
First-class to Havre $90 and upward. 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre, $43. 10 per cent reduction round trip
GENERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents" 5
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
fiVAEiSft 7, S - 8 - MO-ANA
JgfllliCei^fr'ivdney
■ — p->v V* ednesday, November
G4<^mcliif% 1 30. at 10 p. m. .
ifelllp^ DI L ' n « to COOLGAR-
/CtTirN-ahii DIK - Australia and
©PWHfrPE TOWNi S °""^
- *^ * -^ Airtca. " ■
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS.™" CO., Agents
BAY AidD BIVER STEAMEIUL
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN dOSE
Dally at 10 a. m. From San Jose dally at 330
p. m. Steamer Alviso, Clay-street wharf. Fare
to San Jose, 35c; round trip, 60c. Delightful
bay excursions. Telephone Main 1350
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
__ __ Steamer "Monticello."
Von., Tim*.. Wed.. Thure. and Sat
«vm!« "- %M *m - < 8:30 P- »• ««. Thwi
» rt ° a .....1 p. m. and 8:S0 n. a.
6undajr«....................i5 : jo a. m. and it i!
i Landins and cfflces— Mission Dock. Plat (L
ZMcpboiu Red a«L^ *THE CHINESE
ELOPERS ARE
APPREHENDED
Mrs. Choy Gun to Be
Tried for Theft.
HER LOVER IN THE TOILS
A DESERTED HUSBAND IS OUT
FOB REVENGE.
Could Have Stood the Loss of His
Wife, but Objects to Parting
With Money and
Jewelry.
Oakland Office San Francl#co Call,
Broadway, Xov. 7.
Chief of Police Fletcher received a tele
gram to-day from Portland. Or., announc
ing thearrest of Mrs. Choy Gun and Wong
Chung, wanted in this city to answer a
charge of grand larceny. The warrant
was sworn to by Hop Ylng, one of the
most prominent Chinese merchants of
Oakland. The arrest of Mrs. Choy Gun
has brought to light a romance in Chinese
high life. Choy Gun is the wife of Chung
Hop Ying, and he charges her and her
lover with theft. According to his story
an elopement is the basis of the arrest.
Wong Chung made love to Hop Ting's
wife and just a month ago induced her to
elope with him to Portland. The Chinese
merchant would not have cared so much
for the departure of his wife had it not
been for the fact thnt she also took with
her $4SO in coin and jewels belonging to her
husband valued at $250. Ying objected to
another man spending his money, and
after locating the guilty pair he tele
graphed a warrant for their arrest, and
the elopers are now in a Portland jail.
Prosecuting Attorney Melvin drew up
requisition papers this afternoon which
Governor Budd will sign to-morrow, and
then Detective (Juigley will go to Port
land, present his papers to the Governor
of Oregon and bring the elopers back for
trial. Hop Ying is determined to gt •:
with the man who stole his wife, and as
Wonp Chung is not altogether pc;.
he may be made defendant in a civil suit
as well as having to answer to the crim
inal charge.
FISHING FOR A
LOST ESTATE
The Court Gives a Son Permission
to Hunt for a Fortune That Is
Said to Be in a
Bank.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Nov. 7.
Jihn Canfield, an r ed man. astonished
the court this morning by stating- that al
though his wife died in this city four
years agro he was not aware of the fact
till recently. Although the CanfleJds were
separated, there were large property in
terests-existing- between them and yet the
aged man was unaware that his wife, had
departed this world and left a comfort
able fortune for her sons to fight for.
Thrte weeks ago young < ami. id went
before the Superior Court and asked for
letters of administration on the estate
of his mother. She died possessed of a
valuable property- and- a snug sum in
bank. Young Canfield was questioned by
Judge Ogden. and succeeded in proving
to the court's satisfaction that he was
the son of the deceased -woman. He was
instructed to bring his father into court,
so that the estate of his mother might
be inquired into. This morning the father
was in court attended by his attorney.
To the son's surprise the lather produced
a musty, moldy deed drawn in 1§74 which
gave to the husband the whole of . the
property of the wife.
Canfield's attorney stated that he re
membered drawing up this deed twenty
five years ago, and that it was duly
signed and witnessed in his presence. At
this point another peculiar feature was
introduced into the case, showing that the
son did not know the name of his own
mother. His application for letters of ad
ministration referred to the estate of
Bridget Canfield, deceased, whereas the
deed showed that it was signed by one
Delia Canneld.
The son expressed his belief that his
mother left a sum of money in bank. The
elder Canfield's attorney informed the
court that he had some recollection years
ago of having witnessed an assignment
of Mrs. Canfield's money in bank to her
husband, and that the same was Indorsed
on her bank book. After hearing all the
father and son had to say the court
granted the son's petition, with instruc
tions that when he located the money
he was not to draw it out, but to inform
the court, so that his bond might be ac
cordingly increased. . ••
Young Canneld expressed his intention
of starting out at once on a fishing ex
pedition to recover that estate, which he
believes is in existence and which he
thinks he has a better right to than his
father.
• ■ ■» .
In the Divorce Court.
OAKIiAND, Nov. 7.— Superior Judge Og
den to-day granted a divorce to J. J.
Killenberger from Ida M. Killenberger
<tn The ground of willful desertion. The
parties reside In Alameda. On the same
ground Judge Greene this afternoon
granted a decree of divorce to Annie L.
Babbington from James B. Babbington.
Mrs. Kabbington produced a letter at the
trial received from her husband in JVlay,
wherein he advised her to sue for a
divorce, bf-cause he never intended to live
wfth her again.
Percy Moiri.son to-day filed suit for a
divorce from Clara Morrison.
The divorce suits of Mary E. Smith,
against Clayton P. Smith and Lottie N.
Allen against Ira L. Allen have been dis
missed without prejudice, and new actions
are to be instituted. The case of Helen
L- Schimn" a •:ii.-j > -t George Kchimff nas
been referred to Court Commissioner Bab
cock.
MARY P. BABJ&OJtf ASSIGNS.
OAKLAND, Nov. 7.— Mary F. Barron was
granted an order to-day by Judge Ells
worth permitting her to assign a $$00,000
legacy in the estate of the late William
B. Barron, of which she la executrix, to
S. O. Murphy of San Francisco.
The li gacy In question consists of a
claim of William R. Barron against the
estate of his father, also deceased. This
was administered upon in Santa Clara
County.
Becoming dissatisfied with the Inherit
ance, William li. and his brother, George
■ton, contested the father's will and
broke- it.
Subsequently a new trial was granted
and the differences amicably settled.
Mrs. Mary 1". Barron marie a demand on
the elder Barron'i estate for the $200,000,
but was refused. The widow has now ue
cided to assign her clafm to a third party,
in order to prove iis validity. The as
signment was made on the condition tnat
thf assignee pay to her $230,000, with in
terest a' 7 per cent per annum from No
vember 24, 1894, until paid.
Had Been Dead a Veek.
OAKLAND. Nov. 7.— lsaac Halliday, a
ship-carpenter, was fnunrt dead In his
cabin at Hay & Wright's shipyards yes
terday. He had not liecn about since last
Monday, and yesterday several friends
called to learn the cause of his non-ap
pearance. They found the body on tne
bed, In a bad state of decomposition.
DECEMBER WEDS NOVEMBER.
The Lady Proposed and the Gentleman, a
Widower of Five Weeks, Accepted.
ROMANCE is commonplace when it weaves itself In lives that are young
and susceptible to it, but it becomes material for a readable story
when it creeps Into lives over which three score and ten years are
hanging. Last night Mr B . Mary A. Soutanler, aged 62 years, became the
bride of George W. Huntington. aged 76 years, and proprietor of a lodging
house at 638 Green street. Cares and troubles have followed her through
life, and she sought for some one whom she might cherish. She found that
one in the person of Mr. Huntington.
For two years Huntington has been an invalid and his physician has
been Mrs Soutanier. She came to hie home and attended him and partially
regained for him his health. Just five weeks ago yesterday his first wife
was buried and since that time the lady has been more profuse In her min
istrations to his ills and wants. Sunday for the first time she proposed
marriage, was accepted and procured a license.
"I have had my share of life's woes," said th« now happy bride,
was formerly the wife of a Confederate army captain, but he died and
Bhortlv after him my four children. I have had nothing to live for on earth
since then until I met this man. My care for him has been a care of love
and pleasure and I by marrying him have made it certain that no one else
will take him from me." ' _ _ , _,
The ceremony was performed last night by Rev. J. P. Dlckson. Mr.
Huntington has an adopted daughter residing in Oakland.
THEY CONTINUE
TO BREAK HARD
FOR THE RING
Five Good Favorites
Won at Oakland.
MORINEL MADE MORE FRIENDS
DEFEATED MORINGA AND RET
DEL TIERRA SPLENDIDLY.
Bemardillo Hard Ridden to ' Beat
Inverary II — Horton Downed
His Company With. Com
parative Ease.
Beginning with Bernardillo, which took
the opening event at Oakland yesterday,
first choices in the betting swept every
thing before them. The ring laid good
prices against tho different winners and
every book was hard hit.
The most attractive performance of the
afternoon was that of Morinel in the
mile and a sixteenth purse race. The filly
had Garrigan on her back, and obliged
to take the "overland," eventually won,
somewhat easily from Moringa In the fast
time of 1:46^, within a quarter of a sec
ond of the coast record. Garrigan could
not help her a particle at the end, and
the mare won on her own speed and
courage. Rey del Tierra took the show
from the recently unloaded Mistral 11.
Trainer-owner Coffey's gelding Bernar
dillo finally appeared to have found a soft
spot in the opening mile run. Ke was st-ni
to the post a. 1 to 3 chance, and after
making all the running, was hard ridden
at the finish to beat out Inverary 11, the
third choice. Bliss Rucker, the second
choice, was unable to land inside the
money, show honors going to the out
sider 'Fleming.
The shifty colt Horton shouldered Pig
gott and his 118 pounds and placed the
five furlojig. two-year-old scramble, to his
credit in impressive fashion. The chest
nut youngster got away from the post
fairly well to a straggling breakaway, and
overhauling Magdalenas, won as he liked
in 1:02. Lime water came from far back
in the rear, leading Rainier out a head
for the place.
The second two-year-old event, at six
furlongs, resulted in the easiest sort of a
win for Headwater, backed from 2 to 1
down to even money. Shields got the
Watercress gelding off to a running start,
and won easing up through the stretch.
Obsidian, bewilderlngly ridden by Johnny
Woods, came with a good showing of
speed the last furlong, securing the place,
five lengths in advance of Crossmollna.
The Burns & Waterhouse gelding Colo
nel Dan was started in the closing num
ber, a six furlong selling arrangement,
and about all he did was to fool the
crowd. Sent to the post equal favorite
with Whltcomb he finished last. The lat
ter gelding, with Rutter up, took com
mand at the head of the stretch and won
hands down from Manzanlllo, a 10 to 1
outsider.
Turf Gossip.
There will be no racing at Oakland to
day.
The board of stewards of the California
Jockey Club will hold a meeting on Thurs
day evening. Judge Murphy stated yes
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Monday, Nov. 7, 1898.— Eighth day of
the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track fast.
J. A. MURPHY, Presiding Judge. JAMES B. FERGUSONI Starter.
17
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Vim. %m.
Btr.
Jockeys.
171 Bernardino, 4
173 Inverary 11, 3
165 Fleming, 3
159 Bliss Rucker, 3
159 Coda, 6
155 Zarro, 6 '.
156 . Alvero, 6
Is
6
3
2
1
7
4
1 IVi
3 2
6 3
2 h
4 2
7
6 h
1 2
2 1
5 H
3%
4 Vi
7
63
1 1
2 3
6 2
3 Vi
4 2
7
6 2
1 Vi
2 4
3 h
4 2
6 4
62
7
1 2
2 10
3 h
4 6
6 3
6 2
7
........
i
lit.
Ith
»ds
1-2
6
40
3
15"
15
26
1-3
10
250
4
60
50
100
a
Time, 1:41. Winner, J. Coffey's b. g. by Emperor of Norfolk-Jennie B. Perfect start. Won
first three driving.
<»Q SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; two- year-olds; purse, $850.
157 Horton 118 4 ... 2h 2J lh 11 PUrgott ....... 7-10 3-5
174 LtmVwater 108 2 ... $1 6 8 3h 2h Everson ...... 6 5
■ut RaTnilr ...115 1 ' ... ■ J«' 3h 2Vi ■"' Shields =■ 8 20
I Clorkndo :^:::::^ 5 ... .4 3 4 w 610 §" ffa-.:::::::h -..^
MS dd enai-.':::...-U5e nai-.':::...-U5 3 ... II |W j h | » Wilson „ ,
164 Stone_L :;^^. JL^- • . . ■ 1051 6 ... .< * 8 g O*Nell |50 100
Time 1:02. Winner, E. F. Smith's eh. c by El Rayo-Fusillade's Last. Bad start. Won
easily. Second and third driving. ' . .
I
5
3
«
2 h
... 6 1
" ... 8 1
....'■ 4 3
13
... 6
2 >
6 8
3 h
4 2
HVi
<
1 h
3 h
2 Vi
E 10
4 h
6
1 1
2h
3 3
4 S
6 10
6
riFfgott
Everson
Shields
Rutter
Wilson
O-Nell
7-10
6
8
5
6-2
50
3-5
5
20
10
4
100
_£}_-_ THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
IoU« ,
Horse. Age. Weight.
Std.
%m. %m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
I 166) M'.rin'-l. 3
MS Moringa, 3
(170) Key del Tierra. 4..
176 Imp. Mistral 11, 4..
I
3
1
4
2 V 4
1 1
4
3 hi
3 h
1 1
4
2 1
4
1H
2 ltt
3 1
3%
1 h
2 1
4 i
3 1
1 1
2 1
4
1 h ■'
2 3%
8 1
4
un .....
My ".'.'.'.
4-5 7-10
2 3
4 5
10 10
Time 1:441*. Winner, M. Storn's b, t. by Morello-Bunllt. Good start.
Second and^lrd driving
Won easily.
Ift I FOURTH RACE— Six
1400.
157 Headwater
(144) Obsidian ■
(164) Crossmollna
157 Oasdale |
169 Hemera
1
3
2
5
4
1 2
6
S 1
4 h
2 Vi
1 3
. 5 -
3 h
4 2
->'••■ 2 %■
1 8
2 2
3 Vi
6
4 Vi
1 1
2 E
8 h
4 4
E
IB
r oods
i«y
7-5
3-2
30
8
2
T
easy
Time 115 Winner, H. L. Jones & Co.'s br. g. by Imp.
start Won easily. Second and third driving.
na FIFTH RACE— Six
and upward; purse, $350.
Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
Vim.
%m. Btr. Pin.
Jockeys.
168 Whitcomb, 4 1
171 Manzanllla. 4 1
99 Roulette Wheel, 3..1
US Juanita, 4 1
139 Kaiser Ludwig, 6..1
ir,3 Majesty, 3 1
143 Spry Lark, 5 1
139 Pat Murphy, 6 '
... Al Koran, 3 i
. . . Colonel Dan, 3 1
6
3
1
I
10
7
4
2
I
I
5
3
4 1
2 1
6 h
81
10
9 h
3 1
6 i
a
7 1
Vi :::
3
2
2
h '."
2 ...
2 ...
3
1 ...
1 i
2 2
3 3
4 2
6 8
6 3
74
8 h
9 2
10
sy
in ......
3
10
10
' -4 '
15
30
20
0
6-2
1
2
V)
M
6
100
100
100
5
• 15
2
say
Time, 1:15. Winner, Dr. H. E.
easily. Second and third drivln*.
. Rowell's eh. g. by Whitney-Lyon Lady. Good start. Won
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUL.; TUESDAY, K OYEMBEB 8, 1898.
terday that the board would hear the
appeal of any trainer, owner or jockey
ruled off in the past, who would appear
and wished to have his case reviewed.
Ed Corrigan has lost the good performer
Moylan. While galloping over the inside
course at Ingleside yesterday morning the
gelding broke down so hopelessly that it
was decided to destroy him.
At a meeting of the board of directors
of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club held at
the Palace Hotel on Saturday evening
last, the Morse Patrol Agency was en
gaged to look after the association's out
side interests during the coming season.
Captain Jules Callunden, a very popular
officer, will have charge of the men.
Henry Shields, who rode Rainier in the
second event, was suspended for the bal
ance of the week for beating Jhe barrier.
The start was such a bad one that Shields
could have closed his eyes and beaten it.
P. Bertolacci was bemoaning his ill-luck
after Fleming had finished third in the
opening race. He is a "morning glory,"
but runs so poorly in races that his owner
overlooked the 10 to 1 to show offered
about the gelding.
Frank Van Ness thought his Quicklime
colt Limewater had a great chance and
backed him both straight and place. The
youngster got the worst of a straggling
start or he would have made It inter
esting 1 for Horton. The breakaway was a
most ragged one, and the recall flag
should have been brought into requisition.
The horses of Louis Ezell were attached
yesterday on a salary claim for $300 of
the young man who has been training
Ezell's California string. The matter will
probably be amicably adjusted.
Moringa stepped the mile of the race in
which he finished second in 1:40, according
to the offlcral timers, though some out
side timers made it half a second slower.
This shows the Sobrante gelding to be one
of "Hawkins' horses" himselfT
Any time that Morinpl wants the coast
record for one mile and a sixteenth with
the weight carried yesterday she can go
out and get It. Garrigan rode her wide
most of the route, and then she nearly
equaled it.
The race yesterday shows Mistral II en
titled to a place in the iron brigade. The
imported horse when started on Satur
day last had been off the oars but a few
days, ypt he came back yesterday and
was beaten but a trifle over four lengths
In very fast time.
The race of Hemera was a very bad
one, :unl it looks as if the filly had gone
all to pieces. In her Montana races she
was always fighting for the money at the
end, but gave it up early in yesterday's
run.
Johnny Woods on Obsidian rode a mis
erably judged race. He let the colt fall
out of it the first part and came with a
spurt when it was all over. There is lit
tle wonderment that Head water won eas
ily.
Charley Thorpe was not p^en in the sad
dle, yesterday. He was called to Sacra
mento, the illness of his wife having taken
a serious turn, it was said.
WANTS A LIEN ON
HER SON'S ESTATE
AGED MARIANISTA LOUIS RE
NEWS HER CONTEST.
Says She Will Live Many More
Years and Ten Thousand DoP.ara
Will Not Be Sufficient for
Her Support.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 7.
Marianna Louis has renewed her con
test over the estate of her son, the late
Edouard Louis, the erstwhile Alameda
liquor dealer. In a suit filed to-day by
her attorneys, Ruef & Bloom, against
Mary Louis, the widow and executrix of
the estate, the aged mother seeks to have
set aside and canceled a certain deed
made by her on March 16, 1892, conveying
to her son, Edouard Louis, a lot at the
southeast corner of Pacific avenue and
Walnut street, Alameda.
The plaintiff alleges that a part of the
consideration for the deed was a con
tract whereby her late son agreed to pay,
or cause to be paid, to her $25 monthly
for her support during the remainder of
her natural life; in the event of his death
his heirs and legal representatives were
to be bound by this same contract. In all
$885 has been paid, and she avers that
there is now due her $1615. She believes
she will live many more years— although
now nearly 80— and that the sum which
will be payable to her during her natural
life under the term of the oontract, will
exceed $10,000.
Plaintiff charges that on November 8,
1895, Mary Louis Importuned her husband
(in order to defraud plaintiff and avoid
payment of the $25 monthly support) to
execute a deed con% r eylng to her the title
to the property in question, besides other
valuable property at the southwest corner
of Park and Bank streets, which deed
was not recorded until June 30, 1897. The
aged plaintiff avers that unless these
deeds are set aside and the whole of the
property ie placed among the assets of
the estate and subjected to administra
tion thereon, the assets will be greatly
insufficient to pay the amount now re
maining unpaid and which will accrue
during plaintiff's life-
She complains also that the widow ex
ecutrix has never filed an inventory to
the court, and in conclusion asks that
she be decreed to have a lien upon the
whole of the property of the Louis estate.
WEBSTER-STREET BRIDGE.
OAKLAND, Nov. 7.— The Board of Su
pervisors this morning opened bids for
the construction of the proposed new
Webster-street bridge. There were six
bids as follows: Cotton Bros. & Co., $92-,
500; San Francisco Bridge Company, $97,
947; James A. McMahon, $97,500; Smith
Construction Company, $56,700; Pacific
Construction Company, $97,987; Arthur L.
Davis. $92,400.
Of those but two will be considered at a
meeting of the whole, to be held next
Thursday afternoon. The result will be
reported at the next regular meeting of
the board. These are the bids of Cotton
Bros. & Co. and that of the Smith Con
struction Company.
Bids were also opened for the repairs to
the Alice-street bridge, recently aban
doned by the Southern Pacific Company,
which is to be used as an accommodation
for the traffic between Alameda and Oak
land, while the new bridge Is being con
structed. There were three bids: W. J.
Smith Construction Company, $2174; D.
Straub & Son, $2146, and Cotton Bros. &
Co., $2076. The contract was awarded to
the latter.
Big Partition Suit.
OAKLAND, Nov. 7.— George H. Mas
tick to-day filed suit against Jane L.
Stanford, executrix of the last will and
testament of Iceland Stanford, deceased,
and some eighty other defendants, for the
partition of blocks Nos. 37, 38, 45 and 46 in
the city of Alameda.
What Cuba's Loss Means to Spain.
The loss of Cuba means to Spain the loss of
the very sustenance of the nation. Already
her tax ridden people are crying for bread.
In the same way the loss of your once vigor
ous appetite means poverty and starvation to
your body. If any reader of this paper wishes
to be as hungry again as when a child, and
wants to fully enjoy hearty meals, we can
recommend Hortetter's Stomach Bitters. It
eureß Indigestion, dyspepsia and constipation.
ALL ADMIRE
Our laundry work, and wearers of
lit enjoy comfort and pleasure.
Color right, finish perfect and no
! saw edges to promote your wrath..
! One bundle here will prove to you
! the wisdom of our customers'
choice.
The United States Laundry, offics
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420. - : '
HO FOR THE
CAROLINE ISLANDS.
THE HANDSOME Al IRON BARKENTINE
RUTH
WILL SAIL ABOUT DECEMBER IST FOR
Kuslac. Fonape and Ruk, Caroline Islands,
where our trading stations are. These Islands
are situated about half way between Hawaii
and the Philippines, and constitute part of what
must soon become American colonies. This |
vessel will be fitted with first-class accommo-
dations for a limited number of passengers,
and every opportunity will be given for a study ;
of these beautiful and fruitful Islands, of whose :
wealth of resources so little Is known. For I
round trip, voyage about five months, $330. 1
J. F. CUNNINGHAM CO.,
Owners, 14 Clay street. San Francisco.
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. A. McDonald,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Telephone South 24.
Dealer and Importer of all brands of COKS. i
Yards at HOWARD AND BE ALE STS.
v^AJ/^ WHEN YOU
.M'Wpjf" I !' '^ffifyMu Requlre an ELEC "
K^j^^^^^fTßlC BELT get "Dr.
Pierre's" and you will
not be disappointed. |
2 ' Call or address PIERCE j
'' ELECTRIC CO.. 620
Market st. (opp. Palace Hotel), S. F. i
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
«ncr» Full Set of Teeth
NtvV) IP !«£><- ' ; extracting free $5 00 up
ty^a»A£ijS^ Gold Crowns 22k $3 50 up i
<&— ngOnakr^' Fillings - - - 25 cts. up !
* 6 OpenKrenings&Sundaw
fw-^-^^^T^fa VAN V ROOM
~>«r3»i7\s\\J? Electro Dental Parlors
*J^f IPX -'Sixth and Markot
■ *^* r -w ' ; Dr. Q W. Klelaar, Prop.
-
a Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEIBNT NT. Established
In 1834 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood, Debility or
disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Bkln Diseases. The doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Currteuarantfrd. Callorwrlte.
. 2>r. J. X. UIUBOK. Box 1937. 5an Francisco.
Wiibfs MaiJeietalile Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used . them for over forty years to cure
SICK HEADACKE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION. Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples
and purify the blood. %!-;■'. ■..-» * .. . . '
Grossman's Specific Mixture
• With this ' remedy - percons can cure ■ them-
selves without - the least ■ exposure, I change of
diet or change in application to business. The
1 medicine : contains nothing of .the. least Injury
to the constitution. . Ask your, druggist ; for it.
Price II a bottle.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Jp I CARTERS
SICK HEADAGHI
Positively cored by these
Little Pills.
Ttey also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LTVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
PROCLAMATION.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO, July 30th, 1898.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January. A. D. 1897,
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
■crlbed amendments to the Constitution of ua
State of California, to-wit:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
I (Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No. 1
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
! eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, In relation to revenue and taxation, by
! which it Is proposed to amend said section to
i read as follows:
! Section 18. No county, city, town, township,
j board of education or school district shall in-
j cur any indebtedness or liability in any man-
i ner or for any purpose exceeding in any year
i the income and revenue provided for it for
i such year, without the assent of two-thirds
1 of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
: election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
! less before, or at the time of incurring such
Indebtedness, ! provision shall be made for 1 the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
' the interest on such indebtedness a3 it falls
due. and also provision to constitute a sinking
' fund for the payment of the principal thereof
I on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same: provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with Interest thereon lor
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
I struction of any sewer or «ev.-ers in said city
! and county are hereby exempted from the pro-
j visions of this section; and in determining any
I claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
1 statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
i ner: and provided further, that the City of
I Valleio. in Solano County, may pay Its exist-
1 ing Indebtedness Incurred in the construction
' of Its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any indebted-
. ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited, |
■ball be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
I (Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
Etate of California an amendment to the con-
1 stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
i tion to be known and designated as section
■even and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the Inhabitants or
-counties of local county government - acts .or
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section 7H- The Inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
i own government, relating to the matters here-
i inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
Qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty It shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed In dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
i jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Depda of the
countv Such proposed county government act
•hall then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or if there be
not two such papers, then in one only, for at
feast twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication It shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county at a general or special election, and if
a majority of such qualified electors 1 voting
: thereon shall ratify the same. it shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for Its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
Sower of alteration or amendment, and If ap-
I nroved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall in such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
111 amendments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A cony of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Boar* of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county.
1 and authenticated by the seal of such county,
Setting forth the submission of such county
covernment act to the electors, and its ratlflca-
fion bv them, shall be made In duplicate and
deposited one In the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded In the
office' of the Recorder of Deeds In the county,
1 amone the archives of the county. .
K\\ T courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
county government act so ratified may be
Amended at intervals, of not less than two
Ears by proposals therefor, submitted by the
TeKt"atlve authority of the county to the
linaiifled electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at. least forty days after the
nubltcation of such proposals for twenty days
fn a newspaper of general circulation In such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
fhe Qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
nroved by the Legislature as herein provided
For the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
«nv alternative article or proposition may be
£ I.Jw*£Ftor the choice of the voters, and may
' le voted on separately without prejudice to
\ Ot It el shall be competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
5J.1!? faction to provide for the manner in
•-i?«oT the tiroes at which, and the terms, for
I? rh'tne several township and county officers
Tth-r than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
he elected or appointed; for their compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for the
SSiVolldation or segregation of offices, for the
SSSSSLr of deputies that each officer shall have.
an? for the compensation payable to each of
I »», jfpnutles for the manner In which, the
= J^p«' fn which, and the terms for which the
i * mheVs Vi 'all boards of election shall be
Sed or appointed and for the constitution,
relation compensation and government of
hoards and of their clerks and attaches;
V£o to prescribe the manner and method by
a 2?'v. »n elections by the people shall be con-
Lt°ed- and may in addition determine the
?~t, and conditions upon which electors po-
litical parties and organizations may partlcl-
hv^eve"/ £STZ!n&S2Z- in the manner
' r.v2 Vet ,approved by the Legislature a;
ha oM the direction of sections four and
aforesaid. article providing for the uniformity
% a system of county governments throughout
1 «L State and likewise providing for the elec-
H^ .n<i atinointment of officers., and the regu-
I'°m « of compensation. shall not apply,
kid county government act shall as to any of
herelnabove provided for and de-
H-Ve? by such county government act. not be
w m tn any law or amendment enacted by
subject to any ia amendment first
. ggg€£3&3& saa - -
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE. , :
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing :to the people of the
«£ti. of California an amendment to the Con-
Stttutlon of the State, by adding a new section
515 1 Vi known and designated as section five and
Sne-neJ? article six. thereby providing for the
0 tl ration of a court, to be known as the
; Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
"Sctlon* *V,"Tn" oCourt0 Court of Claim, shall con-
-iS "of 'any three Judges of the Superior Court.
Sl&m/vbe requested by the Governor to hold
Tourt at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Clatms shall have - exclusive jurisdiction to
near and determine all claims of every kind
; »%a character against the State, under such
l«ws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
If. Mudlment thereon shall be final. The.terma
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
In* the ■ City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March: ' ' 'J_ v
-In- the City and County of San.; Francisco,
commencing on the second Monday in July,
and -■:-'■.•'■ ' -.■'..-. ' : . ..*• .'
i , In the Cltr of Sacramento, ■ commencing on
BAILBOAO TBAVEZh
California
Limited
Santa Te Route
Connecting Train Leaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY,
TUESDAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 8:15 A. M. the
following Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving in New
York at l:3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
Sll FRANCISCO TICKEToFTICE — 1» MARKET ST,
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St
MOUNT TAUALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Ka.usij.litu Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Sept. 11, 1S98:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays — 8:00, 10:00. 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, jl.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents, 621 Market
street, San Francisco.
t!?,.^! *i on^ ay of November of each yem*.
recelv^ n^ S ™ch term of court shaU
shaU «pX e3t »V a . compensation therefor, but
of,f J recede their actual expenses, to be paid
The T • !f e i ! enera f nd of the State treasury.
toor^ slatu ™ shall enact all laws necessary
cedSrf ti, 8 BUCh court « to provide . the pro!
of this secti° &nd t0 Carry out th ° rovlal
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR. ' j
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
. , • No. 37.)
«!tpt« rP ,-"?,? to . P r °P° s « to th« people of th*
iutiiHnn Calt [°""i an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State amending article eleven,
« A M lnff an V section thereto, to be known
aL.^sti°^a L.^5ti°^ Ü ber flve and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. Th«
said proposed new section to read as 'follows:
fcection % - The provisions of sections four
and rive of this article shall not. nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city Mid county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shaU
nave become, or shall become, organized under
section seven, or secure * charter under section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FTVB.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.)
A resolution to propose to the people of tn«
State of California an amendment of section
nrteen and section sixteen of article flve of th«
Constitution of the State of California, by
which it is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows:
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall b«
elected at the same time and place and In th«
same manner as the Governor, and his term of
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He si.aii be president of the -Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the impeachment at
the Governor, or his removal from office, death,
inability to dis^har^e the powers and duties of
his office, resignation or absence from th«
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for th»
residue of the term, or until the disability shaul
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor b«
Impeached, displaced, resign, die or become in-
capable of performing the duties of his offlca,
or be absent from the Stnte, the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy in the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be ohosen, or
until surh disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of e vacancy in the
office of Governor for any of the reasons above
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of the Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall be
filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th»
Statt? of California an amendment to section
six, article nine of the Constitution of the Stats
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall in-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall include schools organized in a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand Inhabitants, ia
which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
mintner or scientific department of the Univer-
sity of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34.)
A resolution to propose to tne people of thej
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, in rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which It
is proposed to amend said section to read a*
follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the- Legislature*
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian os
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of Its members,
and shajl be biennial unless the Governor shall
In the interim convene the Legislature by proo-
lamatlon. The Legislature shall then remain
in session for twenty-five days, after which it
must adjourn to some date not les3 than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fail to agree;
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be.
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete it*
session. No pay shall be allowed to member*
for a longer period than seventy-five 4ars, utd
no bill shall be Introduced !a either hoxint ex-
cept at the first twenty-ftre days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of the
members thereof.
NOW, THEREFORE, Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an ,act of tha
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the>
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval." approved March 7, A. D. 1883.
the above-described proposed amendments arei
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the>
State, at the election to be held throughout
th-is State on
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, A, D. IMS.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep»
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each Ijailot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter may express kit
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One, being Senate
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Francieco, and
the existing indebtedness of the City Tea
of Vallejo for the construction of its .
water works from the provisions of No
the Constitution requiring Buch claims
to be paid from the income and reve-
nues of the year in which they were
incurred).
For the Amendment? <
Amendment Number Two, being Senate
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Tea
(providing for framing local county' — —
government acts by inhabitants of N«
counties for their government).
For the Amendment? |
Amendment Number Three, being Sen-
ate Constitutional Amendment No.
44 (providing for the creation of a
Court of Claims to determine claims Yes
against the State, and to consist of .
three Superior Judges designated by N«
the Governor to serve without ex.:ra
compensation).
For the Amendment? I'
Amendment Number Four, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities T*B
and counties, organized or to be or-- .
ganlzed, or holding a charter un- Nej
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation in relation to counties).
For the Amendment? j
Amendment Number Five, be'ng As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38 (relating to office of Governor. Tea
providing for succession thereto In -
certain cases and removing disability N«
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during term).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Six, being Assem-
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 38 Tea
(relating to and defining Grammar . -
Schools). No
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Seven, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Tea
Legislature for not less than thirty - ■
nor more than sixty days during each No
session).
For the Amendment?
Witness my hand and the Great Seal of the
State of California, the day and year nereis
first above written.
JAMES H. BUDD, Governor.
Attest: L. H. BROWN. Secretary of SUtv
[SEAL.I
BAILBOAD TBAVEL. _<_
HOCTHRBX PACIFIC COMPANT.
, i ■ (pacific smiK.) ' ;
train leave »i<l*rg due *• nrrlv* «»
HAN IK.4S(!I«:O.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
lsatb — <j Fbom Not. 3, 1893. — armtb
"*«:"•• a. Nile* San Jose and Way Stations... *» ! *** •
7 :OC a. Benicia, Suigun and Sacramento.,.. < 10s4»a -
7»00a. MarysTiUe, UroviUeaiid Redding tU
Woodland ...; 13 P
7iOO a Elmira, V»c*Tille and Rumsey 8:43p
7:89 a Mwtiuer., San Raraon,ValleJo, Napa, ._;%;>
• C»ll«toga and Santa Rosa «si3F
8:99a Atlantic Kxpress, ()g<leii and Rut.. :i! 8:43p
DiSVa San Jose, Stockton. Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, Murjsville,
Chico, Tohama and Red 1 Muff . . . . * « • « "
8:8OA Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown. . 7: 1 a r
•8:S0a Milton # 7«15p
9:OOa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Meroed "
and Fresno... l*:lsp
OiUOa Fresno, Uakersßeld, Santa H»rh»ra, -
Los Angeles, Darning, £1 Paso, .
New Orleans and Kaat..... 6:45p
Fresno, Mendota, Tracy and Mar-
tinez . 6i4»f ■
10:00 a Vallejo, Martinet and Way Stations 7:43p
•liOOp Sacramento Kirei Steamers »»:(M»p
1 :OOr Nlles. San Jose and Way Stations ... 11:45a
....... San Jose, Niles and Way Stations... JU:l5a.
2:00p Niles, Tracy, Mcndota, Hanfurd and
Viaalia 4:13f
....... LiTermore, San Jose, Nilea and Way
Stations! 119:194.
4:00r Martinez. San Ramon. Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, Kl Verauo and
Sautaßoaa »iI»A
4i99r Benicia. Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing. Marysville, Oro-
Tille and .Sacramento 10:43a
4:30p Hay wards, Niles and San J05e. ..... 7:43a
3:90p Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojave, Santa Barbara and Los
Angeles......'. -. 8«43a
3:00p Santa !''(> Route, Atlantic Kxprass
for MoJ»»o and Baal 6:43p
*si«Op "Pacific Coast Limited," El Paso,
* Fort Worth. Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East 86:45p
5:30p Niles, San Jo«e, Tracy, I.aturop,
Merced and Fresno sfciv
3: 30 Stockton I*jJ3f
6.00p Kutopeau Mail, Ogdeu and ]Ja»t.... »:45a
Vallejo.. • I»il3p
J7:«K>p Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Sta- ■£
tioDS.! :»:43F
8:OOp Oregon Kipress. Sacramento, Marys-
»ille. Redding. Portland, Puget -, m ~-~^
-- 'Sound and Wast ■....-..-.....:..•.... 8:13*
' HIS LEAMIUO AND lIAI WARDS LOt'AI-.
'. (foot of Market Street.)
1 Mel ruse, Seminary Park, ( -
8:00a Pltflibnrir, Klmfiurst, f »5::»*-
*2 ! 22 s«i«i. .)iMiiiBii ■ i \l*%'t
ii l-Sot iMM«ro, VMxuUUo, J^l'iip
ti-»-'«OM Loreaio, Cherry • tll4a i
<l:OOP „ » n<l . ta-«P
S-OOp . wards. 13:43p
7:00p i Runs through to Niles. 7:43f
; ) t From Niles. : I.
COAST IUVIsHHJ (Narrow <iaage). ' *
(Foot of Market Street.) '
8:15a Newark, OenterTille.San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 5i30»
•a«lsp Newark, CenterTllle, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek, .
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
- v Stations A: »I«:5Oa
4:13p Newark. San Jose and Los Gates... 9:20a
t11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations t7:80»
, CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
7r«mSlß mKCISCO— Foot of Mtrktt Street .Slip 8) —
•7:15 9:00 11:00*. u. {1:03 ■ •2:38 {3:01
.*4:00 tB:OO •6:00p.«. ■
rr«m OtlUlD— Foot »' Broadway.— *6:oo 8:00 10:00 4.K,
tl2:00 »1:00 12:00 *3:00 t<:00 *B:00f.H,
COAST 111 VISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Townsend Bta.) '
7:OOa rim Jaw him! Way Stations (New '
Almadeu Wednesdays only) li30»
9:00a San Jose, Tres I'inoa, Santa Crus, : .V. '
■'■ .--■ Pacillc Grove, Paso Koolcs, . Sau
■ liiii* <)l)ig[M>, Guadalupe, Surf aud - ' ■■
Principal Way Stations' 4il»»
10:40a Bau Jose ami Way Stations . «8:Oei
11:3Oa San Jose awl Way Stations 8i334
*2i45r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
'Palo Alto. Santa Clara, .San Jose, - ■' ■'•
2 GUroy, Uollister, Santa Cruz,
J Salinas, Monterey aud Pacific
Grore MO:3«J
• ;i:nop San Jose and Way Stations a O:O*4
•4:15r San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9:-lsi
•3:0Or Han Josa and Principal Way Stations ' 6:33j
.VaOi- Jose ami Principal Way Statious 3:30]
«:»Or San Jos- ami Way Stations 7:30|
t11:45p San Joseaml Way Statious .: ?;30i
"~ ' A for Morning. ■ P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. J Sundays only, t Saturdays only
% M,>Dday» and Thursdays, Saturdays and Wednesdays
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
*AH FBARCISGO AND NORTH PAGIFiiS
RAILWAY COMPANY.
ttbof«« PtMif, F*«t * Market 2Mb
BAM FKANCISQp TO SAN RAFAEL.
WBEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
3:SO, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
i at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SCNDAItv- 8:C0. 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, 3:30.
•. I:H p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
' WEEK DAYS-6:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:15,
i 3:4i.i, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:Ift, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3-.40,
■ 5:00, 6:25 p. m.
: Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
I same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
: San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 16. '
Week Sun- IS9B. Sun- "Week
■ Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
' 7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 ana
! 3:3opm] 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:25am,
> :10 pm, s:oopm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fult-n,
■ 7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
i 3:30 pm 8:00am Cloverdale. 7:88 pm 6:22pm|
Hopland and
7:3oam 8:00am Ukiah. 7:Bspm 6:22pm
7:3oam 10:25aa»
8:00 am OuernevlUe. 7;35pm
3:30 pm 6:22 pn*
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:23 pra
7:3oam 8:00am) SebastopoL 10:40am 10:25am
3:3opm[ s:oopm| | 7:3s pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-.
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale fo*
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for "Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, UppeT Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buckneira,
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Boonevllla, Orr"*
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal, Wlllitts, LaytonviUe, Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer*
Scofla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tlck«t» at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip ticket* to all pdnt»
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market it.. Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. AgeiU.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sauaalit* Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O, *9:30, 11:00 a. m.» •l:45 fc
3:45, 5:15, »6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at U:3O p. m.
SUNDAYS— »S:OO, nO:00, ni:3o a. m.; «1:1S,
3:0<), *4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • fan to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. 7:45, *»:30 a. m.t
•12:20. 2:20. ♦S^S. 6:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SITNDAYS— 6:2O. »S:00, *10:00, 11:55 a. m.|
•1:15, *3:10, 4:40, »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45, 7:55, 9:40 a. m.;
12-35 2:45, 3:.V>, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m.; 12:05, 1:20, 3:!%
S'OO, 6:20 p. m.
THROU«H TRAIN P.
7:20 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays^ — Duncan Mills and way
■tations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Dnncan Mills and way eta' a.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Ui t. hi, l!>»i>, trains will run ius follows:
9outh-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. [Passen-
ger. Sunday Sundayi ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Stations. . Exc"ptd| Dally.
9:2oami 9:25am Stockton 3:45pm 7:oopm
11:10am 12 :50 pm Merced 12:50pm s:l3pm
12:40 pm 4:15 pm Fresno 9:3oam 3:45 pm
1:88 pm 6:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am: 2:40 pm
4:25 pm 11:59 pm Bakersneld B:Soam|l2:lopm
I:sBpm 7:so pm| Visalla | 6:4oami 2:2opm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboat* of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany leaving San Francisco at 6 p. m. dally,
excepting Sunday, and Stockton at 7:lj p. m.
dally.
For stage connections see ofnrtai time tabla
or inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Mar-
ket street, San Francisco.
Weeldy GaU a 51.50 per Year
910
BIG VOTE FOR
GAGE SOUTH OF
THE TEHACHAPI
Plurality at Least Six
Thousand.
CONSERVATIVE ESTIMATES
WATERS AND NEEDHAM LEAD
FOR CONGRESS.
. Head of the Republican Ticket Closes
Hia Campaign With a Visit
to the Soldiers'
Home.
C Special TMspatch to The- Call.
L.OS ANGELES, Nov. 7.— The cam
paign closed in Southern California
this evening and to-morrow there will
be one of the hardest-fought political
1 battles in progress in over a thousand
1 precincts in the six counties this side
of Tehachapi Mountain, that has
ever been known in the history of the
State.
' At. the branch Republican State
Headquarters the managers in charge
this evening declare that a conserva
tive estimate give 3 Henry T. Gage at
least 6000 plurality to the base of
Tehachapi Hill. Los Angeles County
•will, it is conceded by conservative
Democrats, give the head of the Re
publican State ticket between 25CJ) and
3000 majority. San Diego is gocfa for
between 500 and 700. the managers of
the Senatorial candidacy of U. S.
Grant being particularly desirous that
his home county shall at this time
make a good showing. Orange County
Is good for 300, Riverside for 600, San
Bernardino for 200, Ventura for 250 and
Santa Barbara for 300 more.
E. L. Hutchison, fusion candidate for
Lieutenant Governor, will be woefully
scratched in this, his home county, by
old line Democrats. Mr. Hutchison is
. just finishing a two-year term as
Populist member of the City Council
of Los Angeles.
Henry T. Gage arrived this morning,
looking none the worse for the wear
and tear of his ten weeks' campaign
of the State.
"I have visited fifty-one out of fifty
three counties in the State," said he to
The Call correspondent to-day. "I am
fully convinced that the entire Repub
lican State ticket will be elected to
morrow. The Legislature also will be
safely Republican. The administration
of President McKinley wil be indorsed
by the lection or" at least five out of
seven Congressmen."
The Republican candidate had a very
busy day. From 10 o'clock until noon
he shook hands with thousands of his
friends and neighbors at the Columbia
Club, where a general reception was
given in his honor. In the throng; were
hundreds of the best known Democrats
in this county, who came to personally
extend assurances of support.
At 1 o'clock Mr. Gage, with Russell J.
Waters, candidate for Congress, pro
ceeded to the Soldiers Home, where the
last rousing meeting of the campaign
-was held, both candidates being re
ceived with unbounded enthusiasm by
the IS'OO inmates of the home. To-nieht
Mr. Gage and Mr. Waters held another
reception, tendered by members of
the Republican Army and Navy-
League.
of the two Congressional districts
Which lie largely in point of votes south
of Tehachapi, Russell J. Waters. Re
publican in the Sixth District, is cer
tain to defeat Charles A. Barlow, Popu
list. It is only a question as to what
Waters' majority will be. Conservative
figures place it at between 2500 and 3000.
The district runs from Santa Cruz to
Los Angeles down the coast.
In the Seventh District the race Is
very close between Needham, Repub
lican, and Castle, Populist, with indi
cations favorable to Needham's elec
tion because of the clau?e in the Ding
ley bill placing a tariff on citrus fruits.
In this county the two Republican
State Senators are certain to be elect
ed. A. T. Currier in the Thirty-eighth
and C. M. Simpson in the Thirty-sixth.
There will certainly be four Repub
lican Assemblymen, with two districts
In doubt — the Seventy-second and
Seventy-third. The last named prob
ably is Democratic, as it sent two years
ago one of the only two straight Demo
crats elected to the Legislature south
of Tehachapi.
Only one Senator outside of this
county is to be elected in this part of
the State this year. A. E. Nutt, Re
publican, will succeed D. L. Withing
ton in the San Diego District.
The fusionists two years ago elected
J. L. Dryden, Populist, Assemblyman
from San Dtego County. This year he
•will be succeeded by J. D. Works Jr.,
son of ex-Associate Justice of the Su
preme Court Works.
So far as district nominations on the !
Republican State ticket are concerned, i
Judge N. Blackstock of Ventura
County will have his full party vote !
for Railroad Commissioner and the j
votes of many Democrats, who refuse '
to stand by Dryden, the Populist nomi
nee. George L. Arnold, for member of
the State Board of Equalization, may i
fall behind, owing to an opposition in '
this, his home county, led by Brigadier ■
Gener;il Otis' i>> s Angeles Times. ;
Betting odds to-night are 100 to 90
that Arnold will be defeated. His
friends, however, are standing by him
nobly and they may turn the tide in
Ills favor. His opponent is Thomas O.
Toland. former Assemblyman from
Ventura County.
The fusionists closed their local
campaign with meetings at Pasadena
and here, addressed by Senator White
and others. They claim to feel hope
ful and make extraordinary predic
tions. *
Nathan Cole Jr., who has been the
life of the fusion campaign in this end
of the State, gives the Republican
ticket not more than IHOO majority this
side of the mountain. He Insists
Barlow will run Waters a close race
for Congress.
Weather Bureau predictions indicate I
fair weather for to-morrov which at !
the Republican county and branch
State headquarters is taken as an as
surance that the full Republican vote
will be cast. This is all that is nec
essary to make a certainty of the pre
dictions here outlined. /
This evening eleven ward meetings i
were held by Republicans in different i
parts of the city. They were addressed >
by Gage, Blackstock, Arnold, Waters !
and various Assembly candidates
Everywhere the greatest enthusiasm
was shown, and the various gatherings
were all attended by a large number of i
voters. At 10 o'clock this eVening the j
official canvass of the Republican
County Committee of this county was
completed. It took four hours to add
various totals from 157 precincts. The |
showing made astounded even the most
confident Republicans. This house-to
houße canvass shows that Gage's ma
jority is 4460, and indicates the election
of the entire Republican countr ticket,
including all the Assemblymen, save
one, and both Senators.
IN MONTEREY COUNTY.
Gage's Plurality Likely to Exceed
Three Hundred.
SALINAS, Nov. 7.— The Republicans
closed the campaign in Monterey County
to-night with the greatest enthusiasm.
Bonnres blazed and crowds thronged the
streets. The Opera-house was filled to its
utmost capacity with an audience, among
which were many of the fair sex. All the
county candidates and many prominent
citizens were seated upon the stage. Dele
gations from nearby towns arrived early
In the evening and helped to swell the
numbers. Among the speakers were Hon.
C F Lacey. chairman of the County
Committee; Dr. O. S. Trimmer, candidate
for the Assembly in the Sixty-first Dis
trict; Recorder W. H. Pyburn Hon. G.
A. Daugherty ajid others Conserva
tive estimates place Gage 3 plurality
in Monterey County at 200, but when it is
known that the Populist vote was over 900
in the last election and the greater por
tion of those will go Republican to-mor
row, 300 will be nearer the mark. The Re
publicans are jubilant over the prospects
to-night.
Closing Bally at Santa Cruz.
' SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 7.— The last political
rally of the campaign was held this even
ing by the Republicans at the Armory,
the largest hall in town, which was well
filled. The rally was a local one and
speeches were made by the candidates
for county office and by Carl E. Lindsay.
TO SEARCH FOR THE
BODIES OF LEADERS
A Commission of Spanish Officers Go
to Santiago de Cuba on a Spe
cial Mission.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Nov. 7.— A Span
ish military commission of five officers,
headed by Lieutenant General Don Val
derama, arrived here to-day from Hav
ana, bringing letters from J4ajor General
Wade of the United States Evacuation
Commission to General Leonard Wood,
requesting the latter to extend all cour
tesy and assistance to the Spanish officers
in their efforts to recover the bodies of
Major General Vera del Reya and Briga
dier General Santocildes. The former was
killed at the battle of El Caney on July
1. General Santocildes was killed near
Bayamo, province of Santiago by the in
surgents at the outset of the insurrection
three years ago.
Genera) Valderama, accompanied by his
aid, visited General Wood shortly after
his arrival, and the two officers had a
pleasant chat of an hour or so. Lieuten
ant Hanna, General Wade's aid, with an
escort and the Spanish officers visited El
Caney to locate if possible the place of in
terment of Vera del Reya, and the re
mains will be escorted to the city by a
battalion of United States Infantry and a
band, with all the honors due a major
general.
The Relna de Los Angeles will leave to
morrow morning for Guantanamo and
places on the north coast, carrying rations
for the poor. She will also take five doc
tors, two nurses and a large supply of
vaccination lymph that has just arrived.
Captain Woodson of the medical corps
will be in charge of this special staff.
SIAM'S NEW MINISTER
ARRIVES IN NEW YORK
Diplomatic Relations With the Unit
ed States About to Be Be
established.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 7.— The Secretary
of State has been informed that the Si
amese Government Is about tore-establish
its legation In the United States, after a
lapse of many years, during which time
all of Its diplomatic correspondence with
this Government has been conducted
through its legation at London. The
newly accredited Siamese Minister Pleni
potentiary to the United States arrived
in New York Saturday, and will come to
this city in a few days to present his cre
dentials and reopen personal diplomatic
relations betweeti the United States and
Siam. His name is Phya Visddha Suri
yasakti. Among his titles Is Commander
of the Most Noble Order of the White
Elephant. He is accredited jointly to
Great Britain and the United States and
will make his headquarters In London,
visiting this country from time to time.
He succeeds Pha Maha Yopha, who, al
though similarly accredited, remained
almost exclusively In London and never
took occasion to visit the United States.
STOCK MEMORANDUMS
MUST BEAR A STAMP
Judge Grosscup Gives an Important '
Decision Regarding the War
Revenue Tax.
CHICAGO, Nov. 7.— Judge Grosscup, of
the United States Circuit Court, to-day
; rendered a decision upholding the con
i stitutionallty of the war revenue act and
j decided that transactions on the Stock
■ Yards Exchange were subject to the tax.
' The decision was made in the case against
• Charles W. Ingersen, charged with
: neglecting to stamp memorandums, Judge
Grosscup refusing to quash the Indict
! ment. it is expected the case will be
! carried to the United States Supreme
I Court. The court contended that the Jn
i tention of Congress in framing the act
j was to name certain great marts, of com
; merce where taxes could be easily levied.
1 Judge Grosscup said druggists and de
i partment stores could be similarly taxed,
| but it would be Impossible to collect taxes
. of that nature.
CHARGED WITH BLACKMAIL.
LAn Appointee of McKinley's, and
His Wife, Under Arrest.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— William A.
i Moore, who has been staying at the
j Grenoble Hotel with his wife, Fayne
I Moore, was arrested by Central Office
! detectives last night on the charge of
| attempted extortion and blackmail. Mar
; tin Mahoney, proprietor of the New Atn
! sterdam Hotel, Is the complainant and
; charges the prisoners with having black-
I mailed him out of $107 and a diamond pin
and with attempting to extort an addi
, tional $5000.
Moore had in his possession the ap
; pointment by President McKinley as
i United States Consul to Durban/ South
: Africa. His wife is said to be the daugh
1 ter of ex-Chief Justice Strabn of the Su
preme Court of Oregon, her home being
;at Salem, Or. Moore said he had not
' yet gone to the station In South Africa
I to which he had been appointed, as he
I expected a better place as Consul In
' Budapest. His home is said to be in
Cleveland.
NEW STEAMSHIP LINE.
Canadian Pacific to Run Boats Be
tween Vancouver and Vladi
vostok.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 7.— United States
Commercial Agent Reutelspach, at Monk
ton, has reported to the State Depart
ment that the Canadian Pacific Railway
is about to place a line of steamships on
! the Pacific Ocean between Vancouver and
Vladivostok. He says: As the trans-Si
berian Railway Is expected to open an
Immense territory with abundant re
sources, Canadian manufacturers are hop- I
ing to obtain a chare of the trade there, j
Collier Nero at Nagasaki.
NAGASAKI. Japan, Nov. 7.— The United
States auxiliary collier Nero, whose coal
recently caught fire in Chinese waters,
has arrived at this port. Five hundred
tons of coal on the Nero had been jetti
soned. She is being repaired here and
will proceed to San Francisco in a few
days. i _
Forced the Turks to Go.
CANEA, Island of Creto, Nov. 7.— The
Turkish troops at Retimo having refused
to leave that place, the Russian admiral
in those waters, following the example
of Admiral Noel, the British commander
here, forcibly conveyed them on board a
transport.
pobden Club's Founder Dead.
LONDON, Nov. 7.-T. B. Potter, the
founder of the Cobden Club, the once
famous froe trade organization. Is dead.
Try the "Koh-I-Noor" lead pencil and
you will have no further use for others.*
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CAI/L, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1898.
DEATH ROBS LAW
OF ITS REVENGE
Murderer's Body Found
in Alaskan Wilds.
DRIFTED UPON A SANDBAR
MAN EVIJJENTLY FELL PROM
HIS RAFT.
Fate of J. T. Wilson, the Slayer of
Fuller, for Whose Apprehen
sion a Large Reward Had
Been Offered.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Correspondence of Th« Call.
WRANGEL, Nov. 5 (via Seattle Nov.
7).— There arrived here last evening a
party of prospectors in a large canoe.
On a sandbar of the Stickeen, just be
low the Devil's Elbow, they had picked
up the body of a man, who had evi
dently been thrown from his raft and
drowned. The body was taken back to
Glenora and there Identified as that of
J. T. Wilson, the murderer of a miner
named Fuller in the Omenica country.
Wilson was working for the Hudson
Bay Company, at Stewart Lake at the
time he deliberately shot Fuller, over
two months ago, and since then there
has been a heavy reward offered for
his capture, and the police have been
hunting for him everywhere. He came
into Glenora over the Ashcroft trail,
and, having purchased at the Hudson
Bay store a mackinaw coat and some
provisions, he made a raft and started
down the Stlckeen. His remains were
identified by the mackinaw coat and a
diamond and ruby stud that he wore.
George Pritchard, one of the oldest
and best-known pioneers of this part
of the world, died two days ago at
Glenora, where he had resided since the
Cassiar excitement twenty years ago.
He was rich, but was not known to
have had any relatives. It Is said that
he left a will giving all he died pos
sessed of to a chum of his in the early
days, Duncan McKinnon, the pioneer
merchant of- this place. The fortune is
variously estimated from $18,000 to
$80,000.
DECIDES A SKAGUAY
CONDEMNATION SUIT
SKAGUAT, Nov. 3 (via Seattle
Nov. 7). — The appraisers appointed by
the United States District Court of
Alaska to assess damages in the con
demnation for right of way of the
White Pass and Yukon Railway have
; just made their report. In these con
demnation proceedings there were half
a dozen suits, but the only one of mo
ment and interest was that affecting
Moore's wharf. .This called for a nar
row strip of land containing in all 575
feet, running between Moore's wharf
t and the bluff, over part of the wharf
itself and cutting four feet off the
corner of the bonded warehouse. The
company called witnesses before the
appraisers, who testified that the land
in question was worth nothing at all,
and the damage to the wharf not
worthy of mention, while other witnes
ses assessed the value and damage at
from $500 to $700.
Counsel and witnesses for Bernard
Moore and the Alaska and Northwest
Trading Company, owners of the
wharf, put in evidence that the strip
sought to be condemned would cut the
wharf off from the land and would ne
cessitate moving the wharf further sea
ward, when the ravages of the teredo
would be increased, and that the rail
way company, If It obtained the strip
in controversy, would build a wharf
beyond Moore's wharf and thereby take
the trade of the latter. It was further
stated that the company had previous
ly offered $70,000 for this right of way,
but this the company claims was for
the whole line on the American side,
and therefore was not in evidence in
this Issue.
The appraisers are among the leading
men of Juneau, namely: John Olds, J.
J. Beattie and H. J. McWaters. After
viewing the land in question and exam
ining many witnesses they have award
ed the owners of the wharf $22,500. The
railroad company's attorney declares
that he shall appeal. The wharf com
pany's counsel say they expected at
least $80,000, and that they will appeal.
In the meanwhile the traveling pub
lic will be but very little incon
venienced, as the railroad company
has Just completed a very handsome
and commodious depot at the foot of
Broadway, and is doing a large busi
ness from It.
WINNERS AT THE EAST.
Equine Gladiators That Earned
Brackets and Coin.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 7.— Weather clear and
track good at Latonia to-day. Results:
First race, seven furlongs, selling— Abe Furst
•won, Miss Ross second. Full Hand third. Time
1:30.
Second race, five furlongs, selling— Chancery
won, The Granger second, Jimp third. Time
1:03*4.
Third race, six furlongs— Tom Collins won.
Fireside second, Horseshoe Tobacco third
Time. 1:16.
Fourth race, five furlongs— Souchon won
Miss Josephine second, Schancken third. Time
1:03.
Fifth race, selling, one mile— McCleary won
Caius second, Zufalllg third. Time. 1:44%.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Osric II won
The Doctor segond. L*na Myers third. Tin»!
NASHVILLE, Term., Nov. 7.— Weather clear;
track good. Results:
First race, seven furlongs, selling—Shuttle
cock won, Nover second, Everest third Time
1:32.
Second race, five furlongs— Red Admiral won
Mildred Raines second, Blenheim third Time'
1:04.
Third race, six furlongs, selling— Colonel
Frank Waters won, Hairpin second, Fred X
third. Time, 1:18.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs, selling
—By George won, Kitty Regent second. Prince
Plausible third. Time, I:o9ft.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling— Damocles
won, Mystery second, Albert 8 third. Time,
NEW TORK, Nov. 7.— Results at Aqueduct:
First race, one mile, selling— Fleeting Gold
won. Bonnie Gem second. Ruby Lips third
Time, 1:45.
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Com
pensation won. Topgallant second. Specialist
third. Time, 1:10.
Third race, mile and forty yards, selling-
Maurice won, Dan Rice second, Swamp Aneel
third. Time, 1:46 2-5. X
Fourth race, about seven furlongg— Hilee won
Klrkwood second. Imitation third Time'
1:27 3-5.
Fifth race, selling, mile and forty yards—
Frohman won, Nearest second. Merlin third
Time, 1:46 4-5.
Sixth race, about seven furlongs— Sanders
won, Brigeston second. Judge Warden third
Time, 1:27.
CHICAGO, Nov. 7.— Weather at Lakeside fair
track good. Results: g '
First race, five and a half furlongs— Lady
Juliet won, Hester second, Clara Belle third
Time, l:10V4.
Second race, selling:, one and a sixteenth
miles— Dr. Sheppard won, Topmast second
Lucid third. Time, 1:42 2-5.
Third race, five furlongs— Andes won, Oold
Fox second, Fontalnebleau third. Time, 1:02^
Fourth race, one mile— Timemaker won Al
Fresco second. The Devil third. Time, 1:42%.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling— Canace won
Cathedral second, Hanlljfht third. Time, 1:16^.
Sixth race, mile and an eighth— Storm Kine
won. Dare II second. Celtic Bard third. Time.
1:56%.
ABUSES IN THE
ARMY HOSPITALS
Short of Medicines for
Patients.
NURSES WORKED TO DEATH
OFFICIAL INSOLENCE AND IN
COMPETENCY.
Water Bad and Food Unfit to Be Fed
to Dogs — A Mother's Lament
Over the Death of
Her Boy.
Special Dispatch to The- Call.
CHICAGO, Nov. 7.— General Dodge,
Colonel Sexton and Dr. Connor of the
War Investigating Commission arrived
in Chicago to-day and immediately be
gan the examination of witnesses at the
Auditorium Hotel.
Dr. Louis Schooler of Dcs Moines, la.,
was the first witness called. From
July 7 to July 17 Dr. Schooler was sta
tioned at Camp Thomas as camp sur
geon of the Second Division, Third
Corps. Questioned by Dr. Connor, he
said that during the time he was there
the sanitary condition in the hospital
was not very good. Sink holes in the
whole division were bad, owing princi
pally to the character of the ground.
The discipline was rather lax.
"At the opening," said Dr. Schooler,
"there was practically no facility for
the care of the sick; we were short of
medicines and had no apparatus by
which the stewards could prepare thei
medicines that we had. The regimental
hospitals, all but one or two, were as
poorly supplied with medicines as the
division hospitals. Requisitions were
made for more, but they were generally
disapproved at the camp headquarters.
The supply department had certain
hours for issuing supplies, and at other
times nothing could be obtained. There
was a scarcity of beds in the hospitals
and practically half our nursing force
were sick or in the guardhouse for in
subordination."
Dr. Connor — Why was not a demand
made by somebody that better or more
nurses should be sent to that place?
Dr. Schooler — I don't know. I wrote
the surgeon general once protesting
against the difficulty of securing sup
plies. Part of the blame rested upon
the quartermaster's department. In
the first place the quartermaster and
surgeons could not agree as to the
number of tents that we should have.
Colonel Lee contended that we were
limited to a certain number of tents,
seventeen I think it was, in the begin
ning. We afterward prevailed upon
him to give us twenty-one. His con
tention was that he could not issue
tents beyond the prescribed number. I
think he based the number of tents up
on 150 patients, and when the numberof
patients became greater we could not
make him understand that we had to
have more tents. It was his refusal to
increase that number of tents that
made the overcrowding. The lack of
medicines, the lack of trained nurses
and the lack of a sufficient number of
surgeons was a material difficulty.
Dr. Connor — So far as you know was
there on the part of any medical offi
cer or surgeon any willful neglect in
the care of the sick?
Dr. Schooler — No, sir. The great dif
ficulty was in obtaining supplies, anc
I think the hitch came between Colone
Hartsuff and the medical supply de
partment.
In regard to the water supply at the
camp Dr. Schooler said he did not
think any surgeons in his division con
sidered the -water fit to drink. And
again there were not the facilties at
the disposal of the officials to enable
them to bring sufficient water.
He gave as his opinion that the
medical officers were hampered too
much by officers of higher rank, but
who had no medical training. In re
gard to division hospitals the doctor
said: "I think there should have been
a hospital at Chattanooga, where a
class of patients could have been taken
who were going to be sick any length
of time. The division hospital," he
continued, "is never intended for cases
where patients were going to be sick
any length of time." .
When questioned as to the lack of
nurses the doctor said he thought both
the nurses as well as the doctors were
overworked.
Mrs. Virginia P. Betz of Chicago was
the next witness. She entered com
plaint in regard to the death of her
son, Frank M., who enlisted with Com
pany L, First Illinois Volunteers. He
was taken sick at Santiago and was
taken to Montauk on the transport
Berlin. From there he was allowed to
go home on furlough when he should
have been t-.nt to the hospital. He was
sent home entirely unattended and
was compelled to ride in a day coach
instead of being provided with a berth
in a sleeping car. He arrived home
September I and September 19 he died
Dr. Miles B. Ward of Kansas City'
Mo., who was a brigade surgeon at
Camp Thomas from July 12 to Septem
ber 12, when asked as to the condition
of the hospitals said that there was a
great lack of medicines, only the very
simplest kinds being on hand.
"The food which was furnished the
men," he said, "'I would not want to
give my pet dog. The food would have
been all right had it been properly
cooked, but in the shape in which it
was brought to the men it was enough
to make them sick."
Dr. Conner— What was the reason
that the Second Division hospital of
the Third Army Corps had, as it cer
tainly did have, the worst reputation
of any hospital during the war?
Dr. Ward— The first reason, in my
judgment, is that the hospital had for
its corps surgeon a man who never
paid any attention to it whatever His
name was Hoff. The next reason is
that the man in charge of the hospital,
the surgeon, very seldom visited the
hospital or paid any attention to it.
His name was Jenny. The next reason
is that there were not enough doctors
at any time to take care of the patients
without overworking them and making
them too ill to get out of bed. The
next reason is that the nurses were
never competent in any sense of the
word, but they did the best they could
when you consider their Ignorance.
Some of them could not even read.
Hoff had no respect for Individuals. It
made no difference what an individual
wanted he was only one of thousands.
Once when I was physically exhausted
and not able to do the work he said:
"I don't care a for you. sir;
you're only one man. You're invalu
able in the hospital and I cannot spare
you." But I told him*l was not able
and must be relieved, for two weeks.
CLASSES THEM ALL AS
AMERICAN TERRITORY
Consul Grinnell Notes the Annexa-
tion of the Philippines, Cuba
and Porto Bico.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 7.— Consul Grin
nell is the first official to formally not*
the annexation of the Philippines and
Cuba to the United States. He has made
a report to the State Department of a
purely formal character, showing the
character and value of exports from his
district, Manchester, England, to the
"United States (including Manila, Porto
Rico and Cuba), during the month of
September, 1898."
The Consul's statement shows that the
value of goods so exported from one dis
trict was $705,525, against $352,635 for a
corresponding month in the preceding
year. The Consul says that those in
creases were mainly in white and printed
cotton goods, all of which could be made
in the United States.
ARCHBISHOP GROSS
DYING IN BALTIMORE
The Eminent Divine Portland
Stricken With a Complication
of Diseases.
BALTIMORE, Nov. 7.— Archbishop Wil
liam Gross, of the Church of the Im
maculate Conception of Portland, Or., and
one of the most prominent heads in the
Catholic clergy of the New World, is dan
gerously 111 at St. Joseph's Hospital with
a complication of consumption and heart
disease, and it Is the opinion of the at
tending physicians that he cannot recover.
The Archbishop came to Washington last
month to attend the annual meeting of
the trustees of the Catholic University.
During his stay he was entertained by the
Redemptorist Fathers at St. Mary's,
Annapolis. He has been partially ill for
the last year, and about two weeks ago
was attacked with a severe cold from
which he gradually sank lower each day.
Saturday afternoon he was brought to
St. Joseph's, this city, for treatment.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 7.-Pensions have
been granted as follows: California:
Original— John R. Courtright, Wesmln
ter, $6; Zachariah Fralick, Cuyamaca, $6;
John L. Weaver, Turlock, $8. Additional
—Edwin T. Munn, Los Angeles, $4 to $12.
Increased— Lvman A. McNltt, Porters
ville, $8 to $12. Reissued— Dennis Donohue,
Washington, $22.
Oregon: Original widows, etc. — Minors
of John M. Wilson, Flora, $14.
Washington: Original — Stephen C.
Smith, Elleosburg, $8. Reissue— Thomas
Neff, Goldendale, $14.
Unknown Kills Himself in Oregon.
PENDLETON, Or., Nov. 7.— Word has
been received here from Thorn Hollow,
fifteen miles east of Pendleton, that an un
known man killed himself on Sunday af
ternoon at that place by sending a bullet
through his head. The man's name has
not yet been ascertained, but on the band
of the hat he wore were the words,
"White House, Abrams Company, Reno,
Nev."
Don't forget German Mother's Syrup curei
your child's cough. Better try It. 25c
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Ado Leur, Los Ang Miss Snyder, 8 Rafael
G W Emery, Boston C Stobie & w, S Louis
J F Clause, Chicago C A Buana. Holland
H Smyth, S Lorenzo C L Josselyn, Mass
J W Keegan, S Rosa J Sproule, Frultvale
C M Wooster, S Jose W H Loomey, Jeffersß
J E Terry, Sacto S F Landers, Sclo
C H Gelmers, Stnfrd W L Tragle, Redding
O C Pratt, Stanford E S Hooper, Denver
S F Rose, U S N W Nelson. Denver
R T Crois, U S N G C Strow, Portland
W H Jefferson, Omaha R Brownsworth & wf,
A J Monroe. Cal Toledo
F Loomis & w, Orovle T S Finnegan, Portlnd
S E Holden. Napa B Clarke. Napa
Ed Manasse, Napa Dr C Reed. Petaluma
II Manasse, Napa F H Keeffer & w. City
A Manasse, Napa I of Mexico
Amelia Manasse, Npa|
PALACE HOTEL,.
R Canfleld. S Barbara W C Babeock, Tacoma
E T Stimson, Los Ang T Williams, Portland
F Leonard, Nevada J C Evans, Hamillton
M R Murling. NY H Kellar A w. N V
F W King, Los Ang T S Dines, Denver
J C Taylor, NY S Roths-chlld. Clncin
G Aitz & w, Sacto j Mrs Knight, London
C H Gelmers. Stanford! Mrs Knight, London
O C Pratt, Stanford G G Browell, Oakland
W L Fragle, Reading- Mrs Browell, Oakland
G H Bowman. Clevelnd S F Glttomane, Chgo
J E Small, Tacoma I C W Bama, Holland
NKW WESTERN HOTEI»
R Anthon, Chicago G Morris, Stockton
E Humphrey, Chicago G Parker, N V
W S Elliott, Vancouver B Williams. Baltimore
Mrs J A Holm, S Jose! E McLaughlln. Goshen
F Jordan. Fresno A P Williams. Sacto
H Greenough. Sacto fH Hunter &w, Butte
F Edwards, Riverside H J Snyder, New Mcx
H E Sykes, Los Ang C H Wilson, Fresno
W Chinr. Modesto Mrs C Wilson, Fresno
G H Raymond, Los An J G Vandepeer, Van
J Connelly, Merced
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W E Berry & w, Cal W H Ryan. Rochester
JR Garrett. Marysvllle C L Schlfferlin, L Ang
C M Crane, Canton Dr H Urban, Cai
H W Aklls, NY M Garnett & w, Dlxon
F A McFarland, NT J P Howe, Seattle
F E Juth, NY J J McLean. Seattle
A M Weston, Sacto D W Powers, Cal
F P Moon St Louts S J Markt, Oakland
N Wines, Truckea A S Grant, Crockett
E F Fay. Denver D R White, Fresno
A S Piix, San Jose J Hasting. Vlsalia
C J Arnold, Salinas 8 H Castro, San Jose
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, November 7.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, — hours from Eureka.
Stmr Curacao, Yon Helms, — days fm Guay
mas and way ports.
Stmr Homer, Jessen. — hours from Newport
and way ports.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 7— Stmr Taurlc.fm
Liverpool.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Nov 7— Stmr Bar
barossa, for New York.
Arrived Nov 7 — Stmr Kaiser Frtedrich, for
New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov 7— Stmr Cuflc,
for New York.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Nov 7— Stmr Ems, for
New York.
HAMBURG— SaiIed Nov 7— Stmr Patria. for
New York.
GIBRALTAR— SaiIed Nov 7— Stmr Aller, for
New York.
MARSEILLES — Arrived Nov 7— Stmr Burgun
dla, for New York.
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francises
Call, corner of Market and Third street*, open
until 12 ©•clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery ■treet.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes st; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock,
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA chapter No. 6. R. A. M., ■
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- A,
ING, Nov. 8, at 7:30 o'clock. M. M. TTjf
degree. By order of the H. P. I^W >
FRANKLIN H. DAT, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and m
A. Called meeting THIS (TUES- «JV-
DAY) EVENING, November-?, at 7:3o^Tf
o'clock. D. 2. . /V^
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. ■
M.— First degree THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. YV
A. 8. HUBBARD, Secretary. /V>
GEORGE J. HOBE, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting.— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Honolulu Sugar
Company will be held at the office of the
company. 31'" Market St.. San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, on MONDAY, the 21st day of Novem-
ber, 1898. at the hour of 10 o'clock a. m.. for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to servo for the ensuing year and the trans-
action of such other business as may come
before the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Thursday, November 10. 1898, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the California Wine Makers' corpora-
tion will be held at the Chamber of Com-
merce, 431 California St., San Francisco on
WEDNESDAY. November 16, 1898. commenc-
ing at 11 o'clock a. m. CALIFORNIA WINE
MAKERS' CORPORATION, Per W. J
HOTCHKISS. Secretary and Manager.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 7, 1898— The committee
appointed by the late employes of the Atlas
Foundry desire to thank, through the medium
of the press, the Labor Commissioner, Mr E
L. Fitzgerald, also Deputies C. L. Dam and
Edwin Greene, for their valuable and gra-
tuitous efforts in obtaining for the men their
wages due to-night; also, the committee ten-
der their thanks to Mr. Townley, the secre-
tary of the company, for his assistance In
collecting the same.
ANDREW THOPSON, Chairman.
GEO. W. ALLEN, Secretary.
BAD tenants ejected for J4; collections made'
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st.. room 6; tel. 6580.
PHYSICAL culture lessons to ladles at homes
25c. Address Lady Teacher. 418 Larkln Bt!
BOYS' Home. 417 Harrison, free evening
school; shorthand taught.
DR. MACLENNAN cures where medical art
full* or no fee; tree diagnosis. 100 Haignt «C
SPECIAL NOTlCES— Continued.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 60, postage
paid.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 3d et^
SITUATIONS WASTED— KEMALE.
GOVERNESS wishes to go to Guatemala; good
dressmaker; best of references. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT German and French nurse de-
sires situation; best references; city or coun-
try. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st,
FIRST-CLASS colored cook desires situation:
best of references; city or country. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes place to assist
In housework; $10. MRS. NORTON. 813 Sut-
ter st.
SCANDINAVIAN house girl; flrst-claas cook
and laundress; two years' references. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
DANISH cook, with 3 years' city reference
from last place, desires a situation. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 3K Sutter St.
YOUNG girl would like position to do chamber-
work; private family or hotel; no objection
to go across bay; no postals. Please call at
448 Jessie St., in the rear.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress wishes work
by the day or at home; 75c per day. Address
box 1584, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like a situation
as housekeeper for family. Addres* 1128 How-
ard st.
SCOTCH woman wants work by the day;
thorough, active worker; well recommended.
Apply by letter, M. E., 114 Hayes st.
RESPECTABLE widow with a child wishes
position as working housekeeper. 9A Sixth st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to learn waiting
on table and second work in private family.
Box 1683. Call office.
WANTED — Position as stenographer by young
lady; competent, willing worker; 5 years' ex-
perience; can give references. For further
particulars address C. B. L., General De-
livery, Raton, N. M.
YOUNG girl wishes housework or second work.
Address 1200 Larkin st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes situation to do
general housework in a small family. 1463
Jessie St., near Fourteenth.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes work by the day.
housecleaning or permanent place doing
housework; would do chamberwork In nice
hotel or lodging house; would go to Oakland-
Inquire or address 313 Kearny st. f
YOUNG girl wishes a place to assist In pay-
ment for board. Address box 1052, Call office.
YOUNG Swedish girl desires situation as sec-
ond girl. Address 515 Myrtle ave.
WASHING, Ironing or house-cleaning by the
day; best of references. MRS. M. E. JEN-
SEN, 20 Minna st.
GERMAN woman wants washing, ironing or
housekeeping by the day. Please call at 2
Welch st., between Third and Fourth.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; good laun-
dress- housecleaning; $1 per day and carfare.
442 Jessie St., near Sixth.
YOUNG, respectable woman, with small boy,
wishes situation to do housework or cham-
ber work. Call or address 246 Third, room 63.
STRONG, willing girl for general housework.
Apply at 217 Polk st; no postals answered.
WANTED— By good woman, chamber work to
do; one that can go home nights. 1163 Mar-
ket st.
COMPETENT first-class French German cook
desires position in private family or club.
Box 1379, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cook; best references: city or
country; lived in good families. 3039 16th st.
SWEDISH woman wants washing and Ironing
by the day, $1 50. Address 3255 Twenty-second
St., near Valencia.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
housecleaning. Call 124 Ivy ave.
RELIABLE elderly Protestant woman wishes
housework in small family; Is good plain
cook; wages $15 to $20. 22 Allen ave., off
Fifteenth st., near Dolores.
RELIABLE girl, speaks German, wishes posi-
tion In small family; wages $25. Address
letter. E. M., 921 Alabama st.
RELIABLE elderly Protestant woman wishes
housework in'a small family; is a good plain
cook; wages $15 to $20. 22 Aileen ave., oft
Fifteenth st., near Dolores.
RELIABLE girl, speaks German, wishes posi-
tion in small family; wages $25; best of refer-
ences. Address letter, E. M., 921 Alabama st.
GIRL, general housework or upstairs work and
sewing. 1703 Howard st.
RESPECTABLE German woman wi3heß to do
housework, cooking or housekeeping. Call at
435 Pine st.
RESPECTABLES North German girl wishes
position to do downstairs work or general
housework; wages $25 to $30. Call 351 A Minna.
SITUATION by respectable woman as chil-
dren's nurse; will assist with sewing or up-
stairs work; good references. 445 O'Farrell.
SINGLE German woman, good cook, wants
position as housekeeper or cook. Call No. 9
Seventh St., near Market.
GERMAN lady wishes wcrk by the day; wash-
ing or housekeeping. Address K. F., 346 Third.
GERMAN cook wishes place In private family.
1024 Howard St., room 15.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes situation-
wages $33. Address box 1831, Call office.
GERMAN woman works by the day washing
and housework. Call 745 Howard st.
YOUNG, experienced married woman wishes
child to board from 3 years up. Address
box 1598, Call office.
ELDERLY woman wants position in small
family to do light housework; good home:
moderate wages; city. Call or address MRS.
RKED. S2l Photwell st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— HALK.
FOR good help of any kind, male or female,
send orders to J. F. CROSETT & CO., Em-
ployment Agents, 628 Sacramento st.
JAPANESE'CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 42*.
FIRST-CLASS locksmith and patent model-
maker wishes situation. Address A. HEU-
NIG. 709 Greenwich st.
MAN and wife, competent English Indoor serv-
ants, first-class In every way, capable of tak-
ing charge of family home; references; $40
D., box 1552, Call office. "
BUTCHER wishes steady work; city or coun-
try. Box 1581. Call office.
RELIABLE young man, age 22, electrician, 3
years' practical experience, would like to
work with some competent electrical engineer
or in power house; willing to work for board-
good references; object, to advance. Address
Engineer, Call office.
RELIABLE young man wants coffee aria tea
route; salary or commission; good references
Box 1556, Call office.
BY young man; understands horses, cows p-id
garden; reference; state the wages J a
MACDO.VALD, San Leandro, Cal.
JOB printer, 18 years' experience In some of
the largest offices In East, would like work-
ing interest in Job office. W., 915 Eddy st.
WOULD like to rent a small ranch where a
fair living can be made, or would like a po-
sition In country- Box 1599, Call office.
GERMAN of advanced years who understands
farm work and the use of carpenter's tools,
desires a place to work at moderate wages
Please address letters to I* JOOST, Harmony
Hotel, 733 Brannan st.
MAN and wife. German, wish positions In pri-
vate family or ranch; wife good cook; man
handy around house; wages moderate. Box
1830. Call office.
YOUNG man wants position In general mer^
chandise store in country or mining camp:
experience and reference. Box 1051. Call.
AS engineer or at any mechanical work by
highly reliable young man of experience. 3941
Twenty-fourth st.
INTELLIGENT man wants position around
private place; handy at any kind of work; 5
years in last place; best of references. Box
1049. Call.
FIRST-CLASS German baker on bread and
cakes; is able to make his own stock yeast;
city or country; also second hand. 342 Clem-
entina st.
THOROUGH engineer and machinist: years of
experience in city and mines. Address En-
gineer, 777 Market st.
YOUNG ■ man of good address wants employ-
', ment. Address box 1806, Call , office.
WINCHESTER House, 41 Third St.. near Mar-
. ket; 200 rooms: : 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $«
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry. .-■■.'. :
: HELP WASTED— FEMALE.
! C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St., want to-
; day: ;; 2 : waitresses, South, $22 50 to $25, half
- fare paid; waitress, city, $20; 4 chambermaids
: to wait, $20, city; - fancy Ironer, . $30; plain
laundress, - country hotel, . $20; ,4 . restaurant
' waitresses, $5; cook for country • hotel, $30
call early. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
GERMAN or Swedish cook and laundress, $25;
■ German house . girl for Sonora, small ' family,
see party here, $25 and fare paid, call early;
house girl for nice ranch place, $20; German
.or • French second ; girl for country. $20 ; par-
■ lor maid and waitress,, $25; mother and daugh-
ter, cook and nurse girl, $30, see : party : here
11 a. m., and " many more places, city and
country. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
HOUSEWORK girl, country, $16; nurse, $15; I
waitresses. $20 and $15; housework girl, $16;
Bolinas and Alameda. $20; Cazadero. $15; 15
housework girls, city, $20 and $25; 6 young
girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 82S
Sutter st.
GERMAN nurse, grown children, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
FRENCH girl, Calistoga, $25. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter et. t
2 SECOND girls. $15 and $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
REFINED German nurse; 2 grown children;
$20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter Bt.
CHAMBERMAID and laundress, $25. M133
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE girl: sleep home; $12. MISS CUt-
LEX, 325 Sutter st. _
NEAT nurse; $10. MISS CULLEN, 326 Butte«
street.
COOK, $35; second girl, same house, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS and seamstress; $25. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter at.
WOMAN with a child, as housekeeper; $10
per month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter Bt.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress; $16. MIS3
CULLEN, 325 Sotter at.
NEAT girl, light housework; $15; two In fam-
ily. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
REFINED middle-aged woman; $15 per month:
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
NTRSE girl for baby. C. R. HANSEN * CO..
104 Geary st.
SECOND girl and seamstress. $25; 4 cooks in
American and German families, $25 and $30;
ironer in hotel laundry; nurse, $18; 3 cooks,
small bcarding-houses. $15. $20 and $25; 4
waitress, $15. $25 and $5 week, and a large
number of girls for cooking and housework in
city an 1 country. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
316 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES, same country hotel. $20:
housekeeper. $10. MURRAY & READY. 634
and 636 Clay st.
2 GERMAN cooks, f3O and $25: second girl, $20;
seamstress. $25; chambermaid and waitress,
$20; 10 grirls for housework. MRS. HIRD,
631 Larkin st.
A TRUSTWORTHY Protestant woman for
care of baby. Call to-day. 1500 Larkin st.
WANTED— A neat, reliable woman for light
housework and plain cooking; 2 in family; In
Salinas: good home to right party; wages,
$15. Call at 2406 Folsom st.
WANTED — Two neat young girls to assist pro-
prietor in roadside resort; one playing piano
preferred. Address box 1501. Call Office.
GIRL to assist In housework; wages, $5. Call
In morning, 617 Gough st.
YOUNG girl to take care of baby, assist with
housework. 1034 Valencia st.
WANTED— A pants finisher at 435 Minna st.
GIRL to assist with housework. 1219 Web-
ster at
GERMAN girl for general housework and car«
of children. 394 Hayes St.
WAIST and skirt hand. 2014 Sutter st.
WANTED— 2S young ladles for burlesque. Ap-
ply to manager at Midway, 771 Market «t.
WANTED— For housework, good strong girl,
$12. 4050 Twenty-fourth st.
GIRL for general housework, $16. 3321 Twen-
ty-third St.. near Mission.
YOUNG girl for light housework. Apply 1134
Turk st. |
FINISHER and buttonhole maker on custom
coats: good wages; steady work. 138 Russ st.
EXPERIENCED skirt hand wanted. Apply
1427 Washington St.
WANTED — Good girl for 2 In family; no
washing; sleep home; wages $12. 866 Mission.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework. 1328
Eddy st.
WANTED — Yoong girl to do plain sewing. Ap-
ply 2205 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom pants at 138
Natoma st.
GOOD coat finisher wanted. HENRY PLANZ
& SON, 525 Geary st.
GIRLS wanted to work on coats at 40 Ellis
St., room 52.
WANTED— Good girl for general housework.
731 Green f«t., near Mason.
GIRL to assist In housework; live at home.
Call at MRS. I. HIRSCH, 610 O'Farrell st.
GIRL to assist general housework, easy place;
wages $10; sleep home. 845 Golden Gat* ave.
ACTIVE woman of 40, used to work; wages $10.
1021 Van Ness ave.
WANTED— GirI to take care of baby. 311V4
Hyde st.
WANTED— HeIp In kitchen; restaurant. 113
Turk st.
GIRL to assist in general housework. 502 Van,
Ness ave.
SMART girls to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. 138 Russ st. *
WANTED— Woman for housework. 216V*
Grove st.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework:
small family. 2111 Geary st., near Scott.
NEAT nurse girl; wages $10. Call after », 417
Central ave., near Hayes st.
GIRL for housewr.rk and plain cook'rig in Ger-
man family. 14f.6 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Good finishers on custom coats;
must put in buttonholes. 409 Clementina st.
WANTED— TaIent for amateur night at the
Olympia; liberal terms to right parties. Ap-
ply manager Olympia. Eddy St., corner Ma-
Bon. daily, 1 to 3 p. m.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework.
1198 Treat ave., corner Twenty-fifth st.
LADIES and girls to do piece work at home;
steady employment. 616 Ellis st.
YOUNG girl for housework; wages $12. Apply
2042 Green St.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
376 San Jose ave.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns, 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
WANTED — Operators on flannel overshlrts- •>
few Inexperienced hands taken and tausrht.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36V» Fremont st.
LEARN eewlng at KEISTER'S; good positions -
patterns. 10c up. 118 McAllister gt. '
HELP WANTED— MALE.
COOK, institution, $40 per month. MlSsTcuE^
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
BUTLER, $40 per month. MISS CUXi,EN 325
Sutter st.
A— NOTICE NOTICE NOTICE
As a good CITIZEN
DO YOUR DUTY
by casting your VOTE early
Afterward Call at
MURRAY & READY... MURRAY & READY
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Who want to-day...,
S6 railroad teamsters $175, $185 day
45 laborers $1 75 day
45 tiemakers Sc, 9c, 12c each
94 woodchoppers $2 50 to $1 cord
farmer and wife country Job
12 farm hands $26, $25, $20 and found
5 milkers $30. $25, $20 and found
5 laborers manufacturing company
3 boys to learn trades
6 teamsters, city jobs $175 day
13 laborers sawmill work
sawyer and packer shingle mill
I.MURRAY & READY,
/ 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— TAILOR, country shop 2 butchers
$40 and $2. r . and found. MURRAY & READY
634 and 636 Clay st.
A— l9 COOKS for different places, $55. $50 $40
$35 $30. $25 and found. MURRAY & READY
634 and 636 Clay St.
A-« WAITERS for different places $30, $25, $20
and found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
A-DISHWASHERS Laundrymea
6 dishwashers and vegetable men. $30. $20 and
$15: laundryman. country hotel. $30 and
found; 2 pantry boys and men. $15 and $20 and
found; barber; young- man for delicacy store,
_city. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
A— 3 CARPENTERS, country Job, $2 50 dayT
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Broiler, $50; restaurant butcher,
$40: cook, $30 and room; second baker, $40-
waiter. $S week: pantrymen, dishwashers'
waiters, bell boys, porters, etc. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— House painter: young man to learn
fruit raising; 5 coal miners, $1 ton; milker
and wife, laborers, woodchoppers and others
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Broiler, $55; second cook, $50: night
cook. $40: cook, small place, $7 a week- night
waiter. $35; waiter, chop house. $35- waiter
for restaurant. $35: waiter, hotel. $25- young
man as waiter, country. $20: several dish-
washers, potwashers and pantryman $15 to
$30. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
10 LABORERS for sawmill, $26 and board 10
laborers lor city. $1 75 a day; 10 teamsters,
city, $1 t>o a day; 20 woodchoppers for Sonoma
County. R. T. WARD & CO.. 60S and 610
Clay st.
WAXTED-An experienced waiter to act aa
head waiter, with better prospects if pos-
sessed of necessary qualifications; a salary
of $40 to start; must furnish references as
to sobriety, reliability and principle. Box
50, Call office.
WANTED-a young inan understanding the
crockery business to assist in taking stock;
must come well recommended; none other
need apply. Tl7 Market st.i|j BUBLP WAXTED-Continned.
FRY cook, (50: cooks, country hotels, $40 $30-
cook, $10 a week; potwasher. $30; vegetable-
nan, $30; dishwasher. $25; pantryman, $6 a
week. C R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
A XKAT young German or Scandinavian for
Indoor servant, in an Institution, $25 and
found; references. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary it.
A MAN and wife to take care of a lodging
house for rooms, etc. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
THREE meters, $1 a day. city; 6 farmers
for a fruit ranch. $20 and. board; 4 German or
Scandinavian farmers, name ranch, $20: hos-
tler. $15 and found; gardener, care of chick-
ens, cow, etc., around a. country hotel. $25
and. found; woodchoppers, 76e to $1 50 a
cord. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
20 LABORERS, lumber pliers, cross cutters
clampers, $26 tos3s and found for a large
sawmill company. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Oeary st. -
20 LABORERS for the mountain railroad,
two-thirds fare free.
Foreman for rock work on railroad con-
structlnn, %- &0 a day.
$16 to Skaguay: laborers and rockmen
wanted. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
HARNESS repairer for a railroad camp, $1 25
a <iu.y and board; free fare. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st. •
MAN and wife; small ranch; $40. Apply MRS
NORTON, a Sutter st.
AN energetic, sober a«d steady tailor -with
small capital as partner In one of the best
r-ountry towns. Apply C. W. R. FORD &
CO.. 116 Sutler st.
WANTED— A good tailor on custom ccats. 563
Mir.na st.
WANTED — Plumber's helper. Apply 2957
Sixteenth st.
WANTED— An experienced washer at United
States Laundry, Sixteenth and Valencia Bts.
-CLASS coatmaker to work Inside
ROSENBLUM & ABRAHAM. 1103 Market st.
BOY wanted, IS years old. Address N. S. box
1555. Call office.
COATMAKER wanted for country. Apply
REISS BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter at. |
YOUNG man to work in a laundry. 1318
Turk st.
WANTED — Harness ; makers and stitchers.
Lelbold Harness Co., 211 Larkin st.
rOUNG man to wait at table and do porter
•work, restaurant. £33 Sixth st.
BARBER wanted; 203 Montgomery ave.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1390 Turk st.
A GOOD tailor on coats. 251 Eighth street,
Oakland. , •
BUSHELMAN and presser: steady work. Gold-
en West Renovatory, 12 Montgomery, upstairs.
MARKER wanted. Sun Laundry. Nineteenth
st. and Telegraph ave., Oakland. j
WANTED — Blacksmith helper on wagon work.
406 Eleventh st.
IJAUBER shop for sale cheap: owner retiring
from business. Apply 324 Gratit ave.
BOY who has served a couple of years at the
manufacturing Jeweler's trade. TL'CKEY &
gLPi r st.
FRENCH polisher on FmaJl woodwork. Ad-
dress box 1592. Call office.
COAL miners wanted. Tesla Coal Company,
■ Bt., San Frar.i it
TRY. Lindell House, Sixth .v H « ird sts.;
rr.s: lac, 25c night.
RKCH i d for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
SO years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their Intention to become such: must be of
good character and habits and ab'e to speak,
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in height. For further
Information apply at the recruiting office, 20
Ellis st.. San Francisco, Cal.
TO Tabors— Good coat and trousers makers
wanted. Apply at 11 at the Stevenson-st. en-
trance. CHARLES LYONS, 721 Market st.
SINGLE rooms, per night, 73c, $1
r wk. Elcho House, 863% Market st.
MRS men's second-hand shoes, 25c to $1.
F62 Mission st.. bet. First and Second sts.
WANTED — At Montana House. 764H Mission
*t.. men to take rooms: 10c, 15c and 25c per
n.'ght; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
rr/t. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver H^use. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms: 25c per nlp-ht; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 60; men's
pi>leir.£T, 35e; only one price. :*23 Howard st.
Ass'n Free Employment Office. S.
FUCHS, Pec, 3:5 Grant ave.; tel. Grant 136.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, 13s 1*!1 *! Eighth st.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
6AII.ORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANES. 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
BINGLE. furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Kosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room: 2Sc a nlcht; $1 a week.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 25c night, reading room: free
J>l!« and baggage to and from the ferry.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office uf*~The CalL
Subscription* and ads taken.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED — Agents; men or women; an article
every family ncods: first Introduced In State!
$5 to $10 per day: hnurs 10:30 to 2:30. Golden
■West Hotel, 68 Ellis St., room 27.
AGENTS wanted: plenty money to the right
parties. Call 911 Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— Lady ranvaswrs this morning;
something new. 1148 Market st.
WANTED— Agents; both sexes; city and coun-
try. Addrei n st.. rm. 5.
LIVE, energetic agents to handle good special-
ty; Just in. Greater West Advert! & Nov-
elty Co.. 1155^ Washington st., Oakland.
PARTNERS WANTED. ~~
PARTNER wanted with $5000. gent or lady, in
a fine paying mercantile business In Los An-
geles Citv fully open for most rigid investi-
gation. For full particulars address G. H. L.,
1000 Golden Gate ave.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— Married couple and daughter 7
years old desire furnished rooms for house-
keeping with private family; business man;
permanent. Address or call 8., 308 Pine st.,
Sun Fire Office of London. ■
ROOMS WANTED.
SUNNY room: two gentlemen; between Geary,
Hyde and Market sts. Box 3 '.SO. Call office,
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED — To purchase ' the machinery of a
flouring mill: state particulars and price. A.
F. SUTHERLAND. Clear Lake. Wash.
WANTED— Second-hand piano. Address with
description and price, box 1819, Call office.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratuf=: second-hand. 109 Montgomery at.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; indi- !
vidual instruction in shorthand, typing, book- i
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English ;
branches, etc.: life scholarship, $50; low rates
per week and month. '
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE, 3941 Twenty-
fourth st., near Sanchez.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Market
Rt. ; 400 positions secured In last 2 years. '
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min- !
ing, m»>ch. survey, assay, archlt. ; day& eve.;
_est. IM4. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrs. experience. Press Club bldg., 123 Ellis.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg. .
ZITHER .lessons given by. MAX MAIER, 626
Turk ■■■; . b»t. T/arklr. and Polk. - - ■ ■
LOST.
LOST— Small black pug bitch, November 7. on
Fillmore and McAllister r.ts. ; answers to name
of Sen Sen. Return to owner and get reward, j
1428 Golden Gate ave. j
SUNDAY, on Church ft., bet. Jersey and Twen-
tieth, lady's gold watch and chain; reward.
12E6 Church st. ■
LOST— St. Boniard dog. Return to 1521 Pacific
are. ; reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name or C. FERGUSON. No. 62-619. f The
finder will please return to bank. :
FOUND. •• _JL~~
FOUND— Greyhound pup about 9 months old.
Call U7 Wil'llwa st.
III'SIVKKS CHANCES.
A—gOOO; H< USB, EO rooms, finely furnished;
splendid luoation for business; biggest Lar-
galn in city. S. H. GOULD & CoT succis-
sorg to Getirge Stewart & Co., 632 Market st.
A-$260; PARTNER~wIiued in JldUeTtabUshedT
weii-iocated brokerage business; Investigate
this for your profit. GOULD & CO., 632
Market st.
A— saso; CANDY, stationery, notions and spe-
cialties; fine stock; splendid location; big
8™ Ma k° Se lnvestt * ation - GOULD & CO..
A— s7.=*: FINE business in close-by, live town,
paying $150 per month: thorough Investigation
Jgollcited._GOULD A CO.. 632 Market Bt.
A— WE have buyers to invest in any legitimate
business; parties willing to sell give us a
call. National Business Agency. 7 Grant ave.
A— sl7s; delicacy store; 3 living rooms; cheap
rent; well fitted up; selling account sickness.
National Business Ex., 7 Grant ave.
* 2 2°— C C> R- saloon; clears $50 month; a snap.
$22.-.— Cor. grocery and bar; clears $75 month.
|-M>— Restaurant; No. 1 location; clear $60 mo.
$i.s~ Branoh bakery; Market St.; rent $15.
$200 — Cigar store; receipts $12 per day.
_Bargains at National Agency, 7 Grant ave.
$125-BRANCH bakery: pays well: big bargain.
_£«ational Business Agency, 7 Grant ave.
$600— GROCERY and bar; living rooms: owner
sick; must be sold. N. LOBWKXSTEIX,
1023^ Market Bt.
$500— SALOON; 8 furnished living rooms; good
location; bargain. N. Loewensteln. 1023H Mkt.
PARTNER for livery stable: $1000; bargain for
steady man. N. LOWENSTEIN. 1023% Markt.
KREDO & CO 22% Geary st
$450 — Fine saloon; 10 nicely furnished rooms;
only $20 rent; a snap.
$250— Branch bakery and school supplies;
Just opposite 2 schools; nice living rooms.
$200— Cigar stand; cheap rent; will clear $73
month; look at this.
$400— CORNER grocery and bar; bnrgaln this
day. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market St.
$250— PARTNER wanted in a light Indoor busi-
ness that will pay $75 to $100 per month year-
ly. Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st.
BAKERY; only store trade: cash business;
with a fine, new brick oven. Apply at Call.
MAKE an offer— Half or whole interest in best
paying restaurant in Oakland: present owner
there 7 years; reason for change, has whole-
sale business in San Francisco; clearing $200
month guaranteed: fullest investigation and
trial before buying. Owner, Call, Oakland.
FOR SALE— Only collateral loan business in
mining city of 10,000 population. Inquire of
MRS. G. 8. HOWE. Grass Valley, Cal.
$100— BAKERY and confectionery; best bargain
in town; also fine road mare, business buggy
and harness, $50 cash.' Call 1004 Polk Bt.
BAKERY, restaurant and coffee parlor for
sale; good location. Inquire Call office.
1U"1T and grocery store; fine business;
horse and wagon. 167S Mission St.
H \LF Interest 15c flret-ciass 4-chair barber
shop. 956 Washington St., Oakland.
GOOD grocery and liquors; no opposition.
Filbert and Laguna sts.
A— s3so^-STA'I IONERY store. Apply. 703 Broad-
way st.
NEAT restaurant for sale cheap. Call at 1205
Market St., near Eighth.
$125— RESTAURANT at a sacrifice. 27 Ninth
street.
$1100— SALOON; 17 furnished rooms, all full;
this is a bargain; rent $20; horse, buggy,
piano; clearing $200 monthly. S6O Market.
BROKER or promoter wanted to organize, ln-
rate and pUioe stock of a company; state
terms and address Company, box 1031. Call.
FOR SALE — Saloon, restaurant and 15 rooms;
fine yard and stable: on city front, close to
docks; a bargain. Apply Cal! office.
RESTAURANT, oyster huuse; large trade; cen-
tral; completely equipped; $450; quick. Box
1364, Call.
OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon and shooting gal-
lery, cheaD. 319 Third st. : rent $20 per month.
BRANDT'S restaurant for sale. 2575 Sixteenth
5t.,.. near Howard.
CORNER Oak and Franklin— Store suitable for
any business; low rent. Apply 15 Grant ave.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-109
Beale st. '
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In th» United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year. ■ .
LODGING UOISEB for sale. -
hTc. decker,
1020 market st., opposite fifth.
10-room house; only : 150
21 rooms; corner; clears $150 550
46-room house; corner '. 1200
24 rooms: clears 1100. <...... ......'. 600 i
14 rooms en Powell st. : new....; \. :.-... 750
22 rooms near City Hall '..... 500
60 rooms; clears $100; only 750
10 rooms all rented; business street 300 !
100 rooms; corner; best on earth 8000
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
CALL, 1 CAN SUIT YOU.
H. C. DECKER.
1020 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE FIFTH.
DECKER'S best bargain is a 45 rooming and
boarding" house; all in payments; see him at
office. 1020 Market st. . , ,
$300 WILL buy .a 16-room house, clears $80
per months. "DECKER, 1020 Market st.
$400— SUNNY corner: 15 rooms; worth $1000.
For sale by DECKER. 1020 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO 22^ Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
7 rooms; nicest little house on Taylor
St.; will clear $25 ..: $200
9 rooms; Eddy st. ; well furnished and
central; look at this 650
11 rooms; O'Farrell St.; cost $1500; must
sell on account of departure 650
12 rooms; McAllister; rent $40: always
full: will clear $50 325
16 rooms; boarding; no rent;' $600 cash;
balance mortgage 1000
38 rooms; fine corner; furniture and car-
pets all good; rent $90 ', 1100
— 20 rooms, near Market; clears $*5 month-
ly; a giveaway. KREDO & CO., 22 I £ Geary.
12 ROOMS on Ellis St.; cost $2000; new fur-
niture; only .' $1100
30 rooms; north of Market St.; fine :. 1500
76 rooms; select: transient; corner -.3500
23 rooms ; rent $55 .? E6O
37 rooms; north of Market; clears $125 1500
10 rooms: all new furniture. ...i... ".. 600
IF YOU WILL CALL ON US WE WILL
SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION, PRICE AND
SIZE OF HOUSE.
F. C. HYDE & CO., 1206 Market st.
•L W. ROGERS, clerk (formerly clerk for
H. C. Decker). '
LOOK AT OUR BARGAINS—
10 rooms $175 18 rooms: fine ......$550
15 rooms 2.10 20 rooms: snap 600
87 rooms 700 50 rooms 1250
National Business Agency, 7 Grant ave.
WANTED — for 73 and 100-room new
houses at - SPECK & CO.'S. 602 Market st. .
TURK, Lodging house, 15 rooms; carpenter
shop; nice location: cheap. I
| O'FARRE-.L. 653— First-class house of 9 rooms;
6 completely furnished. • ' '
i MARKET STV^Brancb office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken. . '
DENTISTS. ~~
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth. $5; crowns, $3; fill-
ings, 50c; teeth without plates a specialty; '
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed: extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth. $5: see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years:
teeth without plates, crown and brldga work
• our specialty; fillings, 60c: crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st. : telephone Jessie 1131.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
discoverer of Dainless extraction and pat-
entee of Improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
I SET of teeth, $5; fillings, gold, $1 up; silver, 25c
up; brirlgework; plates repaired; all work
painless and warranted 10 years. New York
i Dentists. D69 Mission St., corner Sixth.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up: fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth, $4; filling, gold 50c, sliver 25c;
crowns $2: open 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. Paris
Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny st.
I DR LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st. ■ ,
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. Q.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. .
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call Sent to any address -in the United
State*, postpaid, for $150 a year.
... SEWING-MACHINES. -.'. " j
AUTOMATIC, • Domestic, Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission si.
1«~ MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies.- 145 Sixth; 'phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought. sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st,
___ BICVCLKS.
BECONDHlXND'bicycles from $9 up; new girls'
wheels $1$; new IS?7 high grade $100 bicycle
for $??: new tires. $2; new pedals, f1.25 a pair;
repairing. JOSEPH HOLLE. 2"'th and Folsom
STORAGE.
PIFRCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving; Co.
Office 401 Post st.. cor. Powell; tei. Main 6711.
THE SAIST FRAX CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, KOYEMBER 8, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— SUNNY NE. corner house !n the Western
Addition 14 rooms; modern: would do nicely
for a private boarding-house. Inruire SOO
Devisadero st., corner -' McAllister.
AT 26 Morris ave.. off Harrison st.. near Sixth —
Sunny 5 big-room house, good repair, $13;
water free; big yard; big cellar.
BROADWAY, 1896—9 rooms, bath; furnished;
sunny; marine view. Apply on premises.
GREENWICH, 401, cor. Kearny— sB; house of
5 rooms; clean, healthy and dry.
JUST completed; lodging-house, 37 rooms; all
sunny and on one floor. Southeast corner
Sixth and Shipley sts.
JONES, 2120— House, 4 rooms, wash kitchen
and yard.
PERRY, 20S, near Fourth — 4 rooms and yard:
rent $8; water free. Apply to G. H. UMB-
SEN & CO.
WE can rent you a house with or ■without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELU 10 Mont-
gomery Bt.
$12—6 LARGE rooms, one floor. 5 Pine place,
oft Pine st., bet. Mason and Taylor.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARLINGTON, 333— San Mateo cars to Thirty-
fourth st. ; 3 rooms, large yard, $5 per month.
FLATS TO LET.
A— NICE, cozy 4-room flat; Ellis and Mason
sts.: $15. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st.
BRANNAN, 725. above Sixth— Nice flat of 8
rooms; also 2-room flat; $7 and $5.
DORE. 319, bet. Bryant and Brannan— Sunny
flat, 4 rooms; first floor; $S.
FLAT 6 rooms, t>atn, yard, cellar; $18; also
Hat 3 rooms, yard, cellar; $7. 315 Filbert st.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 113S, near Webster— New
sunny upper flats, 6 and 7 rooms.
HAIGHT, 424H— Modern upper flat. 7 light sun-
ny rooms and bath; yard and basement; rent
reasonable.
HAIGHT, 642— Sunny flat, 5 rooms; rent rea-
sonable.
HAYES, 339-Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and ads taken.
HENRY, 132, near Noe— Flat, 5 rooms and
bath; stable.
HYDE, 1720—5 new choice rooms. $17; also cot-
tage, 6 rooms, $15.
MOSS, JOH. bet. Sixth and Seventh, oft How-
ard — Lower bay-window flat, i> rooms; large
yard; rent reduced; key corner Howard.
STEINER, 1123— Modern flat, 5 rooms; bath;
water free. Call IMS Ellis st.
STOCKTON place, 22, between Grant ave. and
Stockton— Flat, 4 sunny rooms.
SUNNY bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath; cot-
tage, 4 rooms; cheap. Northeast corner Do-
lores and Fifteenth sts.
UPPER flat; 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry,
storeroom, $12. 241D Clay St., near Fillmore.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flag-pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
2 OR 3 unfurnished rooms and bath. 1229 Mis-
sion st.. bet. Eighth and Ninth.
2 NICE rooms, kitchen, yard and basement; $7;
upper flat 5 rooms, bath and conservatory, $12.
16 Fol9om ave., off Folsnm st., near Eighth.
6 LARGE rooms and bath; in fine condition:
all modern; rent very reasonable. 305 Grove
St., near Franklin.
$B— LOWER flat; 4 rooms. Apply 2043 Bryant
ave., near Twenty-fifth st.
$9— LOWER flat, near Mission and Third sts.
Apply 15 Grant ave.
$14 — r; SUNNY rooms. 918 Geary st., between
Pnlk and Larkin: apply on the premises.
ROOMS FOR HOIKKKKEPIXG.
BRANNAN, 725. above Fifth— Front bedroom
and kitchen; furnished for housekg; $8 and $6.
EDDY, llS— Sunny back. room; running water;
range; $6 month. "■
EDDY, 917— Floor 4 rooms: sunny; large;
beautifully furnished; housekeeping; splen-
did location.
EIGHTH. 34— Sunny front parlor, with one or
two bedrooms and kitchen; furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; private family; bath.
ELLIS, 682—4 sunny unfurnished rooms. Call
1 to 4.
FOLSOM. 2845— 3 or 4 sunny; front back parlor;
kitchen; gas stove: unfurnished.
GEARY. 556 — Sunny large front room suites;
double and single rooms; prlv. housekeeping.
GOIiDKN i;.\TE ave., 14<M— Large bay window.
with kitchen, $10; also front single, $5; bath.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness ave.— Sunny un-
furnished 3-room suite, with gas range.
HOWARD, SOoVfe, nr. Fourth— Sunny furnished
back and front rooms; hot and cold water.
HOWARD, 106S— Newly furnished sunny rooms,
single or housekeeping: $4 per month up.
HOWARD, 1324—2 larpe rooms; furnished com-
plete for housekeeping.
JACKSON, 920— Sunny front large furnished
housekeeping rooms, $8 and $9; single, $4.
LEAVENWORTH, 10L5— Three unfurnished con-
necting basement rooms; bath; rent, $10.
MINNA, 620V4— Nice sunny front room for
housekeeping; rent reasonable.
MISSION, 112'*- The cleanest and the cheapest;
housekeeping and others.
NINETEENTH, 3267, near Howard— 2 rooms
complete for housekeeping, bath; more for
company's sake.
OAK, 119 — 2 gunny front rooms, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping, $S and $5.
OAK. 1193—3 or 4 furnished rooms; entrance
park; gas stove, bath; cheap; also single.
PINE. 1931 — 3 unfurnished rooms.
POLK. 60S— 2 or 4 unfurnished connecting
housekeeping rooms; sunny; first-clasa; rea-
sonable.
FIXTH. 216>4— Housekeeping rooms, thoroughly
'renovated; also single: running water; reus.
SIXTH, 561—3 large sunny rooms, unfurnished;
cellar; large yard; rent cheap.
SUNNY upper flat, 7 rooms; newly painted and
papered. 5160 Mission St., near Seventh; $17
TAYLOR, 323— Sunny front light housekeeping
rooms, bath and gas, $10 and $12.
TEHAMA, 62, nr. Second— Liiwer part of house.
3 large rooms, f'j; good order; very cheap.
THE Piedmont, 119A Sixth St.— 2 or 2 rooms;
furnished for housekeeping also other rooms.
THIRD, 309 — Largo sunny furnished room com-
plete for housekeeping, $7 a month.
THREE or 4 unfurnished rooms with bath,
etc., for refined party of adults; German pre-
ferred: Western Addition; references. Box
1811. Call office.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite or single; flrst-clas*
in every respect: terms reasonable.
AT 62 Second— Double rooms per week, $1 B0 to
$3; single, $1 to $1 50; day, 25c to 50c.
BALBOA, The 1049A Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 60c, suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited; elev"tr; tel.
CALIFORNIA, 832— An elegant suite of eunny
furnished rooms, suitable for 2 gentlemen;
board if deeired.
DELAWARE, 3433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8. $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Sunny, front suite, grate, reason-
able and pleasant; also single, cheap.
ELLIS, 317 — Nicely furnished alcove for three
gentlemen; single rooms.
GEARY, 610— Large newly furnished bay-win-
dow room; alao housekeeping and single rms.
GEARY, 805— Newly furnished rooms, suite or
single; no other lodgers; terms, moderate.
GLOiii-- House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room: Howard cam.
GOLDEN GATE, 435— Nicely furnished front
room; bath, gas, etc.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates; families.
GRANT ave., 17, nr. Market— Sunny suite; albo
single rooms; transient solicited.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HASKELL, The, 121 Powell st— Cheap neat
light sunny rooms; transients; gents preferd.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor — Elegant
suites and singl: rms.; trasient. Mrs. J. King.
KEARNY. 230— New furnished front rooms;
single or double; central; reasonable.
MARKET. 1007^4— Changed hands; suites or sin-
gle; reas. MRS. KITTY DOWNING, Prop.
McALLISTER, 635— Elegant furnished rooms,
suitable for housekeeping; private family.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator: electric lights; day, week or month.
PERRY, 174— Large sunny front bay-window
room with use of bath.
POST, 910— Sunny front room for gentleman;
running water; private family.
POWELL. 147— 211 O'Farrell— Furnished rooms;
euite or single; alao transient; rent cheap.
POWELL. 817 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms; reasonable.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued. '
POWELL. 612A— Large sunny room; suitable,
for gentleman; new flat; reasonable; ref.
SEVENTH, 178— Nicely furnished front .rooms,
$1 per week. ...
SEVENTH. 192, near Howard (Girard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SUTTER, 1148, corner Newly furnished
sunny suites and single; also suite for doc-,
tor's office. •
TAYLOR, — Newly furnished sunny front
bay-window room for 2 gents; private; $16.
TAYLOR, — Furnished bay-window and cor-
ner rooms; all sunny; 2 boarders.
THE BRUNSWICK, 148 Sixth St., corner How-
ard — Best appointed; centrally located; rooms
en suite or single, 25c to $1 night; $1 25 to $6
week; open all night; Howard st. cars pass
house direct from all boats and trains.
TREMONT House, 1773 Market St., opp.Gough—
, House newly furnished; single rooms or suites;
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
VAN NESS ave., 300— Sunny double parlors,
suitable for doctor or dentist: also single rma.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ABBOTSFORDT^he^ ~~>~"~~~>~~~~-
Broadway and Polk sts. Quiet, homelike; terms
moderate; board optional; all cars direct.
BOARDING houses find It to their advantage
to buy meat at the Bay City Market.
BUSH, 822 — Genteel board and room for gentle-
man and wife: hot and cold water.
EDDY, 626 (Irving-dale)— Sunny front bay-win-
dow suits; best board; $40 up; single, $20 up.
"IRVING," 1070 Valencia St.— Bright sunny
rooms; large grounds: with board; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant room for 2 gentle-
men; home cooking; parlor, piano; $22 50 each.
SOUTH PARK, 169— Furnished room " with
board.
VAN NESS ave., 519— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms: first-class table board..
CHILDREN BOARDED.
CHILD to board; lovely sunny home; mother's
tender care; no other children. 1722 San Pablo
ave., Oakland.
WANTED— child to board; best of care;
terms reasonable. 22 Allen ave., nr. Dolores.
WANTED— ChiId to board; best of care; terms
reasonable. 22 Aileen ave., oft Fifteenth St.,
near s Doiores. . > . .
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; fur-
nished room ■ for parent. 51 Clara st.
CARE of infant or small child by* responsible
lady; terms $10. 776 Stevenson St.
STORES TO LET.
BARBER shop to let or good place for sh<»e
store. 1223 Polk st. - ~-'~ -' :
PACIFIC, 328, near Sansome— Handsome large
store; very. cheap to good tenant.
STORE corner Lafayette and Howard; fixtures
for saloon. Apply 2838 Mission st.
OFFICES TO LET. ~
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market st.;
light, heat, janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
MARKET, 1032, near Mason— Front suite, first
floor: for doctor or business; terms reas-
onable. ' •
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. -- -
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $1
cash and $5 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are th<
same ae if purchased for all cash; bargain:
in good second-hand uprights upon same eaaj
payments and some good pianos for |3, {4 an<i
$5 rer month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Suttei
fts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth acd
Broadway, Oakland.
IBSOLUTELY the- oldest and largest hous«
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs ant
all ether musical Instruments of all grade!
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible dose to pleas* and satisfy the
customer.
YOU want a piano. Why not call on us?
SrOTT, CURTAZ PIANO CO. We rent, we
pell, we buy for cash. We own our own
building. We guarantee anything purchased
from us for ten years, f.26 Hayes st.
BEN/. CURTAZ & SON. sole agents for Chlck-
ering, Steck, Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 16 O'Farrel! Bt.
DECKER & SON pianos take the lead, as thuy
are best in quality, tone and finish; prices ar»
low. MATTVAIS. 709 Market st.
VERY elaborate cased, high grade piano, per-
fectly new, offered at a great sacrifice for
cash. Room 10, Flood building.
STEIN WAY & SONS' piano for sale; reason-
able; parties going East; no dealers. 1217ft
Howard st.
|60— UPRIGHT piano; good tune; for sale on
$5 installments. 1115 Post st.
AN elegant Stetnway. upright for $250 cash;
must sell. KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Ness ave.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st.
HA INKS' Broa. and other flrst-class pianos at
reduced price*. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Po»i.
190 — Elegant Emerson piano; bargain. Scomita,
16 McAllister at., next Hlbernta Bank.
NEARLY new upright piano rheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 218 McAllister.
"AD" smallest ; prices lowest; uprights. 173 jp;
rents 12 up. HEINE, 136 Ellla st.
KiNAIiE pianos; new scale; new yiea. KOH-
LER ft CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want nda and subscriptions taken.
HORSES.
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Salesyards, 220 Valencia St.. between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc., at your own price.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 827 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JUST arrive*— 2 carloads of horses from 1200 to
?000 lbs. Occidental Salesyards. 721 Howard.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lle-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln, opp. City Hall.
FOR >Vl,l-:-.lllSi LI.hA.MOOIS.
|20; CAUSE, departure; handsome, almost new
latest style White sewing machine. 5 draw-
ers, complete attachment. 704 Pine st.
REDWOOD moldings; 20,000 feet new, modern;
quarter regular price. Apply in rear of 2518
Pine st. J. MACDONALD.
A MANDOLIN, originally cost |27, for |13
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento st. >
YOUNG man from the North has some fine
Klondike skins for sale cheap. Apply room
16, California Hotel.
IF rats and mice annoy you write S. S. MFG.
CO., Chicago, 111., for sure exterminator.
FOR sale— A thoroughbred mastiff. Inquire at
17 Thirtieth st.
UPRIGHT piano, only slightly used; standard
make; sell cheap; must sell. Address or call
at 1096 Post st.
MONITOR steel range. 1301 Guerrero st.
1 ANT) 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate ave.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st.,
above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND lumber; old buildings bou K ht
and removed. Yard, Fifteenth and Valencia.
CAL. Belting Co., mfgs leather belting, lace lea-
ther; pulleys cvr'd. 519 Mission; tel. Br. 331.
ENGINE boiler, pumps, pulleys, shftng., lndry.
mchy., dynamos, 2d hand. White, 616 Mission.
PHONOGRAPHS, »20; records, $5 per dozen;
projectoscope, $100. Bacigalupi, 938-952 Market.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second hand; all
sizes; half original cost. lOy-111 Market, 8. F.
339 HAYES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
A 'WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The WeekJy
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
CARPET CLEANING^
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Worka— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth at.: telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
. send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama Bt. ; tel. S. 40.
CARPF.TS cleaned at 3c per yard; latd at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth »t.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 Ilth
St.: cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74,
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.: tel. East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter frt.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
PERSONAL*.
AN educated German. 39 years of age, having
some beautiful country residences, valued
from $10,000 to $12,000, would like to corre-
spond with German lady or widow, not over
30, with some means, who would enjoy
country life; object matrimony; no triflers.
Address Home, box 4, Call office, Oakland.
ELECTION warrants bought. J. BOAS, 330
Montgomery st.
CORRESPONDENCE with few more trust-
worthy ladier, of literary tastes willing to
make any investment desired in a publishing
enterprise: chanc'e of a position. Address
box 1557. Call office.
LEDEiIER'S Quinonia should be applied to the
roots Of. the hair; promotes its growth; 35c
a bottle. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton St.
LEDERER, the up-to-date hairdresser, offers
a better grade of hair goods at lesa prices
than any other dealer in town; call and see.
G. LED2KER, 123 Stockton st.
SEE the handsome skirts and fur garments;
prices reduced; at HODGE'S, SO5 Market st.
TOOTHACHE— Use One-Minute Toothache
fDrops; for sale by all druggists: price 10c.
DRUMMERS' samples boys' suits, ages 3 to 16;
manufacturer's cost. 107 Sansome, upstairs.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 SO per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and fram the ferry.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices.
fl week. N. Y. TAILORING CO . 115 Kearny
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 ?th St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. b»t. 7th and Wi.
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSMAKING, ladies' tailoring taught; S.
F. Dress Cutting School; tailor suits; ball cos-
tumes, house gowns, negligees, riding habits,
coats, capes, cycling suits; men and women
teachers employed. 916 Mkt.. opp.. Emporium.
TAYLOR. 238— MRS. GRAY, stylish dressmak-
ing; perfect fit guaranteed; evening waists a
specialty; reasonable. .
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant stylish dresses. $5
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy St., ran. 14-15.
fcVIRITUALISM.
attentionT^ **"*" ~"
■ . Returned.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE
Has returned from her Alaska tour, and begs
to inform her patients, both old and new, that
she has opened offices at The Vendome, 1104
Market St.
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of
all clairvoyants, who sees it all, tells you all
and Instantly gives you peace and happiness.
She never asks a question, but before you
utter a word she tells you in full of all that
you are interested in; business, speculation, j
love, marriage, divorce, tells of your friends
and enemies.
* . To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is -priceless. Her "Revealed
' Medicines."- registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. HOWE.
' 1104 Market st. (.The Vendome).
I MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies; consult
when others fail; sittings $1. 232. Stockton st.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
S p. m., 25c. 409 Leaven worth st.
M. FRANCES, independent elate-writlng me-
dium. 118 Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all: Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. ru. ;
Men.. 8, 25c; gittlnga %\. 233 Valencia at.
CLAIRVOYANTS. #
MRS. DR F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life: she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family trouble, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life while in a per-
fect trance; perfect satisfaction guaranteed
by mail. Send stamp fur circular with spec-
ial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms 25
and 26. 1206 Market St., opp. Sixth.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant & cardreader;
born with double veil & second sight; diag-
nosis disease with full life reading; la. 50c;
gents to; palm & clalr: fit $1 TO. 126 Turk.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1049A Market st. ;
The Balboa.
MME. Young's convincing- test circle to-night,
10c; come skeptics. 606 McAllister st.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 14S eixth, rm.lo.
MME. LENEMAR; fortune hy planets; pre-
dicted overdue stmr. Gould in '74. 2:i'<. 6th, r.3.
MRS. JEPSON tells past, present, future ; L.
60c; G. $1. 775 22d, bet. West & Brush, Oaklnd.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; bualneaa
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth at.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell at
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fcrtune
teller, has opened an office nt 315 O'Farrell at.
HYPNOTISM
TO-NIGHT, free clinic. The "College," 305
Larkln; mesmerism demonstrated. Dr Tur-
man.- .
MEDICAL. ~~~,
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential; strong
pills, |1; guaranteed cure, $5. MRS. DR.
WYETH, 208 Turk St.. near Jones.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else 'fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con- .
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market
at.; pills, $1; very strong, $2. ' ' •
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are- guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after tf-
fects; taken in time It also acts aa a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant ave.. S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways in one day; safe and sure; no medi-
cine or instruments used; consultation free;
saves disgrace; pills and capsules. $1; cure,
|6. By the well-known ladles' physician for
37 years. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
LADIES, Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable: take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mall: at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phila.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases cf. monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause; no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped instantly;
consult free; confidential; hours, 9 a. m. to
6 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
ave. ; private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate: Infants adopted Into good homes.
VLPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home in confinement;
treatment $2.10. 852 Castro, cnr. 7th. Oakland.
LEGAL NOTICES.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, De-
partment No. 7— No. 65,668.— F. E. HESTHAL.
Plaintiff, vs. EMILY GROGAN, Defendant.
Action brought in the Superior Court of the
City and County of San Francisco, State of
California, and the Complaint filed in the
office of the Clerk of fcaid City and County
of San Francisco. E. F. PRESTON. Attor-
ney for Plaintiff. The People of the State, of
California send greeting to EMILY GROGAN,
Defendant. ,
You are : hereby directed to appear and
answer the Complaint In an action entitled as
above brought • against you In the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran- \
cisco State of California, within ten days i
after the service on you of this Summons— if
served within this County; or within thirty
days if served elsewhere.
And you are hereby notified that unless you
appear and answer as above required the
said Plaintiff will take judgment for any
money or ■ damages " demanded In . the Com-
plaint, as arising upon contract, or he will
apply to the Court for any ether relief de-
manded In the Complaint.
Given under my hand and the seal of the
Superior Court of the City and County of San
Francisco. State of California, this 24th day
of September, A. D. 1898. ■ - '■..'■ -v- ,
[Seal] CHARLES F. CURRY. Clerk.
.By JOSEPH RIORDAN, Deputy Clerk.
TO satisfy bottomry bond, etc., the steamer
Clara and barge Monarch, now on the Yukon
river are offered for sale to the highest bid-
der. Direct offers to WADE. CLARK &
"WILSON, Attorney* . for Plaintiff, ' Dawson
City N W. T., Yukon < District.
September 12. 1893. ■ .
— ■"•■. .- PHYSICIANS. ;.-.. ,-;-.
DR. MACQUEEN'S Family Consulting Rooms.
Advice and medicine,, sl 50; open 9:30 to 5. 997
| Market, cor. 6th, opp. Weinstock & 'Lupin's.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
NOW
OR
NEVER.
We don't want to hurry you unnecessarily,
but we feel that it is no more than right that
you should be acquainted with the facts.
WE HAVE SOLD
46 LOTS IN THREE WEEKS
; In the .two _ blocks recently subdivided south
of Golden Gate Park.
WHY ?
Because there are no lots at the price In the
city that can compare with the choice home
and investment lots that we are offering for
$275 AND UPWARD.
Lots ■ face on Eighth. Ninth. Tenth and
Eleventh avenues— south of and not far from
Golden Gate Park. Lots graded and ready for
the builder. The terms place them within
your reach:
$25 CASH, $5 MONTHLY.
When you see these lots you will surely want
one or two. Magnificent views, overlooking
Golden Gate Park, the Golden Gate and the
city. Property lies on a gentle slope running
up from the Park; splendid drainage; sheltered
from the winds by hills to the westward;
near the Affiliated Colleges and not far from
all the principal park attractions.
BIG CROWDS.
A large number of purchasers out to see
these lots every day. It will pay you to. go
at once.
Take Haight or Ellls-st. cars and transfer
to the new electric ruad (taking the place of
the old steam dummy). Get oft at Ninth ave.
a»<l H st. We have a branch office there, open
daily (Sundays and holidays included). Blue
cars on Mission and Ellis sts. run direct from
the ferries. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
$3300— FIXE northwest corner of Twenty-third
and Dolores sts.; fair 2-story building with
store and 6-rooni fiat: lot &ox'7: there are 33
feet of this lot vacant, which can be im-
proved to bring in large returns: want to
close out. Owner, GEO. B. M. GRAY, 464
Xinth St.. Oakland.
$350— LOOK! Look! Chance! Lot 44:6xM3:6; 2
car lines; a positive bargain; near Sunnyslde.
21 Powell st., rooms 1 and 2.
iLEVEXTH, 106— Branch office of Tha Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
$10,000— ONE o'f Haywards choicest homes; 17H
acres of land all In bearing trees, 11 acres
of which are prunes, balance apricots and
plums; all 12 years old; fine modern house
of 8 rooms and bath; barn, chicken houses,
chickens, horse, carriage; all farming tools;
house completely furnished: sold 2 years ago
for $17,000 cash; 10 minutes' walk to electric
cars and center of town. Owner, 454 Ninth
St.. Oakland.
TO rent— A email orchard, with good house,
barn and chicken yard, near Oakland and
San Leandro electric railroad. Driver, ABER
& CO., San Leandro.
100 ACRES V/z miles from the town of Red
Bluff; all level and fine grain or fruit land;
must be sold; make an offer. Box IS6B, Call.
160 ACRES fine creek land; Coos County, Or.;
$5 per acre. Apply at 515 Sacramento st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
10 ACRES of land, near Fresno; best of soil;
house, barn, well and irrigating water for
property around the bay; $2000; clear. J. H.
EDSON, 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
LOT 16f.x65 and improvements. $650, in San
Jose: or exchange. Address 112 Eleventh st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1022 Mission St.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. ; telephone Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion: lowest Interest. Room 63, 117" 1 Market.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
BORROW from the CUT RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. -22 Mason, opp. Olympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. C36 Market St.
J6O TO JSft.ooo: lowest ratts; Ist and 2ti mortg. ;
anv prop^'tirm. r>ry«i»n. 413 Montgomery at.
HOTEL FOR SALE.
FOR saJe— Family hotel 76 rooms; corner; cen-
tral location; fine view; doing good business;
low rent: long lease. Inquire W. HEN-
DRICKSON, room 614. Claus Spreckels bldg.
MONEY WANTED.
OlL— Capital wanted for development of oil ter-
ritory on a share of profits. Address Oil
Capital, box 1030. Call office.
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital to Invest. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker, S2B Montgomery st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATB.
$200 CASH— SIS monthly will pay for a model 2-
story house of 7 rooms; modern and up to
date; an ideal home; large lot; chicken house;
Al fence; grand view; fine elevation, yet
level; city water and main sewer; Peralta
ave. and Jones St.. Gallndo Tract, East Oak-
land; a few fine large lots from $125 upward.
$10 cash, $5 monthly; no better site in Oakland
for a fine homer streets all macadamized; 3-
story school house and electric cars close by;
nice homes and well kept grounds surround-
ing; price $1800. Call or send for circular, 455
Seventh st., cor. Broadway. Oakland. Car-
rlnee free. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room flats, $12 to $17; no dark rms.;
stove and porcelain bath; water, ■ ash man
free: Adeline station, Oakland; key 940 Union
ft. KOEXIG & KROLL. 1006 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
COMPLETELY furnished housekeeping rooms;
flats 3 or 4; also single. 1453-55 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
r I " ITIRE-O"nd and <-h«»an ' H S'"HELU
HAAB" rid 'tore «0« Kli«v»T<t*» «t ,<*•» hl->
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL. NOTICE.
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING • RENT.
$1200. $1700, $1800, $2200, $2600, $3000. i
The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown upon the market for non-payment
'of installments, ! and ■ they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to- close accounts. They con-
tain 4, 5, 6 and 7. rooms, and are finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools
and -stations. . . . ' '. . .'
We are going to weed them out. and Invite
inspection. ' MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda; and 630- Market at.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
$1400— TO close an estate: lot 40x100; modern
house, 7 rooms; % blocks from station and
school.
$1000 — Snap: lot 50x150; house of 4 rooms; 2
blocks from Morton 6t. station.
$2800— New Colonial cottage. 7 rooms and
bath; lot 42x150; elegant location: easy terms.
Elegant home on Central ave. : lot 50x207. See
this at once. Houses to let In all parts of Ala-
meda. H. P. MOREAL & CO.
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company, installment homo
builders and real estate agents, 1500 Park St.,
Alameda, Cal.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR Pale— At a bargain: house of 4 rooms and
basement: lot 50x13!7: fine view: only 3 blocks
North Berkeley depot: price $800; worth $1200.
O G MAY & CO.. 2123 Center St., Berkeley.
$31100— 5-room cnttace: bath, laundry: H£ acres;
12 min. walk to Berkeley stn. Freese & Cod-
dingtrn, 2113 Stanford pi., opp. Berkeley stn.
FOR SALE— Only $3500; new 7-room house; all
latest Improvements; near the university:
larfre lnt: street work all done. JOSEPH
J MASON Real Estate. Rerkel»y station.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free — W. P. ADAMS, 622 Emma
Spreckels building 1 , 927 Market St.; charges)
moderate.
ADVICE free :* divorce laws: private. J. B.
EVANS, 14 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
CITY Law and Collection Office; advice free.
777 Market st.. room 7.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bids.. 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no eharfje unless successful.. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 917 Market st
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL tpewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices; ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, $25; Califfraph, $15; Tost. $15;
get BanaDle work. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery st
TO LEASE.
OIL territory to lease on royalty. Address
Royalty, box 1032. Call office.
■
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Soren Chrestensen and Mary B. F0rd. ...24-31
Lyman J. Fenn and Jennie B. Briody 2S-24
Angelo Belli and Maria Monteverdo 30-21
Savnien Lasorette and Fleice Boncatt 30-2«
Henry Stevens and Cecilia B. Edgar 35-29
Charles Schmalling and Mary Fennollon.. 3o-24
George Huntlngton and Mary Soutanier.. 76-62
William G. Seagrave and Nellie Commins. 23-23
William J. Skilling and Maude Lawrence.2s-2I
Arthur W. Roland and Augusta McXair.. 34-19
Domenco Comnus and Anna Michat>!lzze.. 3s-24
A. M. Gregory and Mary E. Dennett.. ..30-38
Thomas Keefe and Moliie Riordan 32-21
Lueien A. Blochman and Haidee Goldtree.32-19
Vic-tor Otten and Cenobla V. Zazueta 65-47
BIBTHS— MABBUBBS— DEATfI-i
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sona authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
ALTCHUL— In this city. October 31, IS9B, to
the wife of R. C. Altchul. a. son.
BEEMAN— In this city. October 19, IS9S. to the
wife of William A. Beeman of the Farallon
Islands, a daughter.
DUFFIELD— In this city. November 2, 1893^ to
the wife of George W. Duffleld Jr., a daugh-
ter.
ERICKSOX*— In Golden Gate. November 6. 1898,
to the wife of Captain Charles Erickson, a
son.
FREESE— In this city, November 6, 1898, to
> the wife of Captain A. C. Freese, a son.
, KXUDSEN— In this city, November 5, 1898, to
the wife of Fred Knudsen, a son.
■ LEWIS— In this city, Xovember 5. IS9B, to the
wife of Daniel Lewis, a son.
, MYERS— In this city, October 31, 1898, to the
wife of Charles A. Myers, a daughter.
MARRIED.
1 GROSS KRIFKA— In Oakland. October 30. 1898,
by the Rev. H. Samuelson, Max Gross of Saa
! Francisco and Sarah Krifka of Oakland.
SCHMIDT— MEYER— November 6, IS&S, by tha
Rev. J. A. Schilling, Walbert Schmidt and
Johanna Meyer.
I STOKES— QUIRK— In Portland, Or., November
5. 1898, by the Rev. Edgar P. Hill, Harry
Stokes of San Francisco and Mrs. Wilhel-
mina L. Quirk of Hope. Idaho.
DIED.
Albrefezenskl. He- Gibouret. Alphonse
lena Kehoe, Catherine
Baker, Fiossie E. MoEachren, Benja-
Burns. Mrs. Sarah min D.
Burrows, Thomas Partridge, Wlllard A.
Corwin, Abbie E. Rising, Richard
Carstensen, Clara Sullivan. Daniel F.
Dordmund, Henry W. Smith, Minnie
Gefken, Helene Wilkerson. Mary A.
ALBREFEZENSKI —In this city, November
6, IS&S, Helena, beloved daughter of John and
Anna Albrefezenskl, beloved sister of Ed-
ward, John and Casimir Albrefezenski, and
granddaughter of Augusta Gerki, aged
21 years 8 months and 6 days.
dfj" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the residence
i of her parents, 47 1 * Belcher street, between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth, thence to St.
Boniface's Church, Golden Gate avenue, near
Jones street, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
BAKER— In this city, November 7, 1898. Flos-
sie E.. beloved daughter of Charles H. and
Carrie Baker, a native of San Francisco,
aged 11 months and 21 days.
BURNS— In this city, November 6. IS9B, Mrs.
Sarah Burns, relict of the late James Burns
of Sonoma County, and beloved aunt of Mrs.
J J. Flanagan and Mrs. E. F. Burns, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 87 years.
.|E?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her niece, Mrs. J. J. Flanagan, 3722
Army street, between Guerrero and Dolores,
thence to St. Paul's Church, where c solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery- l-»eas«
omit flowers.
BURROWS— In the City and County Hospital,
November 7, ISaS, Thomas Burrows, a native
of Ireland, aged 45 years.
CORWIN— In this city, November 5, IS9B, Ab-
bie E., beloved wife of George W. Corwin.
mother of Harry E. Corwin, and sister of
Mrs. W. D. Ferguson, Mrs. J. X. Halsted.
Mrs. W. A. Ferguson and F. F. Briggs, a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aged 42 years 10
months and 9 days.
E? Friends and acquaintances and officers
and members of Loyal Circle No. 179, C. O
F are respectfully Invited to attend the
funeral this day (Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock,
from the mortuary chapel uf the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company, 2425 Mission street,
near Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery by electric funeral car. Remains
at her late residence, 444 Guerrero street, be-
tween Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
CARSTENSEN— In this city, November 6. 1898,
Clara, beloved wife of Anton F. Carstensen.
mother of Fred. Charlee, William. Peter
and Clara Carstensen and Mrs. R. W. Mc-
Dade ' slater of Mrs. Schneider, and aunt of
Mrs. Winkler. a native of London, England,
aged 46 years 5 months and 4 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H F. Suhr & Co., 120» Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DORDMUND— In Petaluma, November 6, IS9»-
Henry Wilhelm, beloved husband of Maria
Dordmund, a native of Hanover, Germany,
aged sis years.
(G?*The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence in Petaluma.
GEFKEN— In this city, November 6, 1898,
Helene. beloved wife of Fred Gefken. and
mother of Fred Luers, a native of Germany,
aged 46 years'.
[CrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of J. Hagan, 1705-1709 Sacramento street,
near Polk. Interment Laurel Hill Ometery.
GIBOURET— In this city, November 7, 1898,
Alphonse, beloved husband of Mrs. Adellnde
Gibouret, and father of Emlle Gibouret, a
native of France, aged 43 years 9 months ana
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fullv invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 79 South Park, between Second and
Third streets, thence to the French church.
Notre Dame des Victolres, where a mass will
be said for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock.
KEHOE— In this city. November 7, IS9B, Cath-
erine beloved sister of Peter Kehoe. a na-
tive of County Carlow. Ireland, aged 64 years.
tr3"Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence 72S Brannan street, thence to St.
Rose's Church where a solemn requiem masa
w'-fl be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Ometery. Please omit flowers.
McEACHREX-In this city^November 7. 1898.
Benjamin D., beloved husoand of Sarah Me-
Eacnren, a native of Prince Edward Island.
ag rrThe ye fu"eral will take place to-morrow
fwlrtm^dav) at 9:30 o'clock, from his lata
residence ','47 Stevenson street, between
sixth and Seventh, thence to St Patrick's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
PARTRIDGE— In this city, November 7 1898,
Willard \ beloved husband of D. Partridge,
and father of Raymond and Valeria Part-
ridge, a native of Maine, aged 3o years S
months and 22 days.
RISIN'G— In this city, November 6. IS9B, Rich-
ard" Rising, ex-District Judge of Nevada", be-
loved husband of Belle S. Rising, a native of
Philadelphia, aged 1 60 years and 10 months.
ICfFuiieral services will be held to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, at his late
residence, 2922 California street. Interment
SULLIVAN— In this city, November 7 1898.
Daniel Francis, beloved son of John and Jo-
hanna Sullivan, and brother of William.
Man- and Maggie Sullivan and Mrs. W.
Hanniver, a native of San Francisco, aged 23
years 11 months and 1 day.
E7 Fronds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 254 Dore street, off Har-
rison between Ninth and Tenth, thence to
St Joseph's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SMITH— In Oakland, November 6, IS9B, Min-
nie beloved wife of John Smith, daughter of
Thoma3 Connlff. mother of George. John and
Alfred Pmith. sister of Patrick. Joseph. Ag-
nes and Lena Conniff and Mrs. Delia Corbett,
and niece of Michael Finnegan. Mrs. M.
Sullivan and Mrs. Spellman. a native of Car-
rigan. County Oalway, Ireland, aged 26 years
8 months and 17 days.
r~TFnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at S:l5 o'clock, from her lat-j
residence, 1816 Market street. Oakland,
thence to St. Francis de Sales Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 8:4.)
o'clock, thence by 10 o'clock creek boat to
San Francisco. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
WILKERSON— In this city. November 6. IS9B.
Mary Ann Wilkerson. a native of Pennsyl-
vania, aged BO years.
A. B GALLAGHER Mrs. H. J. GALLAGHER
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SB.
H. F*. iWAASS,
Undertaker and Embalmer.
Everything Requisite for Flrst-Cla»» Funeral*
at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone Souta 273. 917 Mission Street.
1115
WERE DROWNED LIKE
RATS IN A TRAP.
Chinese on the ID. Peters Did Not Get a
Fighting Chance for Their
Lives.
The Steerage Gangway on the Steamer Was Carried Awaj
by the Inrnshing Waters and Only a Few of the
Mongolians Escaped Ont of the
Deathtrap.
Another attempt was made to float the ,
river steamer J. D. Peters yesterday.
The tugs Rescue, Sea Queen, Sea King
and Liberty and the stern-wheel steamer
Merom were all at work on her during |
the morning and failed to budge her. j
First of all, three of them made fast to I
her with hawsers, and the Liberty and
Merom got-one on each side of her. Their j
engines were gradually worked up to
full speed, but their combined efforts
did not move the Peters an inch.
Is'ext an attempt was made to turn the
river boat broadside on. Two of the
tugs made fast astern and one for
ward. They then began pulling the two
toward Sausalito and the one toward Bel
vedere. The suction could not be over
come, and the Peters is now as solid as
& rock in the soft mud.
Nothing will now be done with her until
to-morrow morning. At dead low water
chains will be passed under the wreck and
made fast to two lighters, which will be i
placed alongside aft. At high water it is j
expected that these will have raised the
sunken vesel about eighteen inches or
two feet. The tugs will then take hold
and push her as far up on the mud flats
as possible. Divers will then be sent
down and the bulkheads tightened up,
after which the vessel will be pumped out
and floated. Temporary repairs will then
be made, and the Peters will be taken to
Stockton.
The Chinese Consul says that thirteen
LOST TWO OF
HIS TOES IN
A COLLISION
Captain Bennett Badly
Injured.
GREEN STREET WHARF READY
AFTER MANY DELAYS THE RE
PAIRS ARE COMPLETED.
The New Coal Bunkers to Be Erected
There Will Have a Capacity
of Five Thousand
Tons.
Captain Bennett, superintendent of the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company, met
With a serious accident yesterday. As a
result two of his toes had to be ampu
tated at the Harbor Receiving Hospital.
• The steamer Corona was just leaving
Broadway wharf, bound south, ■when a
Tbelated passenger came rushing down the
■wharf. Captain Bennett signaled the
steamer to return, and accordingly a
spring line was thrown out and made
fast and the steamer was swung in again
on it. Captain Bennett was standing with
one foot on the stringer, ready to help the
passenger aboard, when the steamer
struck the wharf, crushing his toes be
tween her side and a pile. It will be
several weeks before the captain is able
to be about again.
Green-street wharf is finished at last, and
the work of erecting P. B. Cornwall's coal
bunkers will begin at once. These are to
liave a capacity of 5000 tons and the
•wharf has been especially built to sus
tain that weight. Three engines will be
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CONSTANTLY
Baby Badly Afflicted with Eczema.
Hands, Face, and Clothes
Covered with Blood.
Face Covered with Large Sores.
Medical Treatment Useless.
Cured by Cuticura.
SKIN NOW SMOOTH AND ROBY.
My niece's little baby boy, two years old,
was so badly afflicted with Eczema that he
needed constant watching. It was all over
' hia face, and he scratched the sores con-
stantly. Mornings, his clothes would be.
stained with blood, and his face and hands
- would be covered. His family never could
take him out, as his face was always full of
1 large sores. They had medical treatment, and
- tried everything they heard of. She com-
menced using the Cuticura Remedies last
spring and found that at last she had a won-
derful healer. The sores left his face and he
was entirely cured, and now his face is as
smooth and rosy as though no sore had ever
been there to mar it. Mrs. L. J. ROOT,
Feb. 16, 1698. Xew Scotland, S. Y.
CUTiCURA WORKS WONDERS
In all the world there Is no other treatment »o pure, so
sweet, >o opeedlly eflectiTe for distresamg akin humon of
InfanUand children a* CmiCiRA, greatest of skin curei,
blood purifiers, and humor remedies. They afford instant
relief, permit rest and sleep, and point to a speedy, per-
manent, and economical cure, when the best physlciana,
hospitals, and all else fall.
Bpebdt Cube Tn«ATMK!fT.— Warm baths with Ctm-
cuka So*r. tentie anointings with Cctici'»a (oint-
ment), purest of emollient skin cures, and mild doses of
CrricuHA Resolvistt, Ereate«t of blood purifiers and
humor cures.
Sold ihrouKhoutthe world. Form D*v««dCbim.
Corp.. Sole t'ropn-. Hoston. " .. -.*.*
war " How to Cora Erery Baby Humor," mailed frea.
Mongolians are known to have lost their
lives in the collision, and that even that
number may be added to. Yesterday a
delegation from the Consulate was down
to see Superintendent Corcoran to ob
tain permission to visit the wreck, but
they were told that there would be noth
ing to see until to-morrow. Among the
missing are Quong Lee, who kept a store
on Bouldin Island. Quong is known to
have had over $300 in cash and a number
of valuables on his person. Jong Hon
Now, a rancher on Bouldin. is also miss
ing. He had been paid for his season's
crop, and was taking the money home.
Horn Tue and Horn Fong Hing, mer
chants in Chinatown, were going up the
river on a visit to relatives. They had
little cash with them. Horn Si Chung,
another relative, went on the boat, but
made his escape. He says that after he
got out of the Chinese cabin the ladder
fell down and the other Chinese were
caught like rats in a trap.
Wong Tom, the Chinese runner for the
California Navigation and Improvement
Company, as before stated exclusively in
The Call, went back to secure the money
he had left in the cabin, and was drown
ed. H<M HTNJChunK came down from
lone City, and was on his way up the San
Joaquin'to buy dried fruit. He and hi?
money are still in the Chinese steerage of
the Peters. Altogether it is estimated
that there is over $2000 In cash in that
little hole in the bow of the wrecked
steamer.
A delegation of Chinese will go over to
the Peters to-morrow morning, and will
keep watch for the remains of their
countrymen.
used to lift the coal out of the colliers
into the hoppers, and there will be a con
veyor to take the screenings into screen
ing bunkers. Everything used in the con
struction of these bunkers, save sorrn
patent labor saving devices, will be of
California production and will be put up
by California labor. Only the south side
of the wharf will b<* used and the struct
ure will be put up under the supervision
of Chief Engineer Holmes of the Harbor
Commission.
Captain Kustel, late of the barkentine
Ruth, sailed for the north yesterday to
take command of the barkentiiu- John
Smith, now at Chemainus. From the
sound the Smith goes to South Africa,
from there to Australia, thence to Hono
lulu and back to San Francisco.
Asthma, bronchitis, catarrh cure guaranfd. Dr
Gordin, Sanitarium, clj Pine, or. Kearny, S.F. CaJ.
THE LAUDANUM PANACEA.
Robert Levy, a Destitute Old Man,
Gets Tired of Life.
Robert Levy, a man more than 60 year?
of age, swallowed a dose of laudanum yes
terday morning 1 in his room. 138 Folsom
street, with the Intention of committing
suicide. He was discovered by t'lo land
lord and taken to the Receiving Hospital.
■where the usual remedies were applied.
Owing to his advanced age the result may
be serious.
The old man said he was destitute and
being unable to get any work or help from
his friends he thought it was better to end
it all. He was at one time a clothing mer
chant in Seattle but lost everything by a
big lire several years ago.
Judge James M. Seawell.
No better nomination has been made by
any party than that of Judge James M.
Seawell, one of the Democratic candi
dates for Superior Judge. During the six
years he has served in that capacity he
has built up a reputation as a jurist that
he may justly feel proud of. He has
shown conspicuous ability, has ever pre
sided with dignny and has been honest
and conscientious in his interpretation of
the law. Jt can be truly said that his
services have helped to elevate the bench
of San Francisco and gain for it the con
fidence and respect of the people.
Judge Seaweil was born in 1536 at Fort
Gibson, Indian Territory, where his
father, who was at the time a captain in
the regular army, was then stationed.
The Judge graduated at Harvard College
In 1855. and at the law school of Louis
ville, Ky., in 1857. He came to this city
in 1861 and has resided here ever since.
He was elected to the Superior bench in
1892, and his candidacy for re-election is
most favorably received because of his
eminent fitness for the position. •
Sad Death at Manila.
J. H. Lippman, whose death is announced
from Manila, was a member of Troop
X, Fourth Cavalry, U. S. A., formerly
stationed at the Presidio. Young Lipp
man, who was only 21 years of age, was
a San Francisco boy and a son of Mr. and
Mrs. Hyman Lippman of 1412 McAllister
street. Young Lippman was an exceed
ingly bright and promising young man,
of good education. At the breaking out
of the war he became imbued' with the
military spirit and immediately enlisted
in the regular army, being assigned to
Troop X of the Fourth Cavalry. His
death, was an unexpected announcement
to his parents and his many friends, who
received by the last Manila mall a letter
from the young soldier, in which he an
nounced his splendid health and sincere
enjoyment of military life. His body will
probably be brought to this city.
He Took Laudanum.
John Thornford, a despondent laborer,
attempted to commit suicide last evening
by swallowing a quantity of laudanum.
After taking the poison he visited a saloon
at Sixth and Bryant streets ajid calling
for a glass of liquor told the bartender
what he had done. The latter called a
policeman, who had the would-be suicide
removed to the Receiving Hospital. With
the aid of the stomach pump Dr. Tor
mey relieved him of the poison. Thorn
ford refused to give any reason for his
rash act, except to say that he wanted to
die.
Mountain Fires.
A fire which destroyed the timbers in
tunnel 13, seven miles east of Summit,
will prevent the passage of trains on the
Central Pacific for two or three days to
come. Baggage, mail and express are
now conveyed between Summit and
Truckee by team, while pasesngers are
obliged to walk around the tunnel, a dis
tance of but about an eighth of a mile.
Several sections of snow sheds have also
been destroyed by fire, both east and west
of the tunnel.
No Name on Ballot.
Write W. C. Shepard with pencil op
posite vote number 203. No printed
name on ballot for Attorney and Coun
selor, unexpired term.
Hale and Norcross Suit.
An order was made yesterday by Judge
Kebbard In the case of Fox against the
Hale & Norcross Mining Company re
quiring the amount of the judgment or
dered entered In favor of Fox, by the Su
preme Court decision, deposited with the
Union Trust Company, subject to the or
der of the receiver and the court. J. J.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1898.
FIVE TUGS COULD NOT MOVE HER.
The Rescue, Sea King, Sea Queen, Liberty and stern-wheel steamer Merom tried in vain to get the J.
D. Peters off the mud flats yesterday. An attempt will be made to-morrow to lift her with pontoons, after
which she will be carried up on the beach, the bulkheads tightened up and tne water pumped out. Temporary
repairs will then be made prior to taking her up to Stockton.
Groom was appointed receiver, and John
\V. Mackay and I. W. Hellman qualified
on his bond, fixed by the court at $50,000.
Error in Sample Ballot. '
To the Voters of San Francisco:
Your attention is hereby called to the
fact that on the sample ballot mailed
an error was committed by the failure
to insert after the name of Finlay
Cook, candidate for Police Judge, the
words "Citizens' Non-Partisan" in ad
dition to the words "People's Party-
Democrat"; also after the name of P.
A. Bergerot, candidate for School
Director, the words "Citizens' Non-
Partisan" in addition to the words
"Citizens' Republican-Republican."
W. /. BIGGY, Registrar of Voters.
Collided With a Coupe.
Car 815 of the Eddy-street line last even
ing crashed into a coupe, which waS'.being
driven by Frank Walter, at the corner
of Eddy and Taylor streets. Walter was
thrown from his seat, but fortunately es
caped with a scalp wound. The coupe was
almost wrecked. Walter was removed to
the Receiving Hospital, where the wound
in his head was drr-ssed by Assistant Po
lice Surgeon Tormey.
• Will Win Out Again.
After a most exciting canvass, the
fate of the candidates will be deter
mined to-day. An ordinary country
man could pick some of the winners.
Captain Freese for Public Administra
tor is conceded to be in the lead for
that important office. It is unwritten
!a\v that an old man shall occupy that
place. \ If experience, integrity and ef
ficiency count for anything, Freese
should win by a larsre majority.
In the Divorce Courts.
Decrees of divorce on the ground of
willful desertion have been granted J.en
nie Kinoaid from John J. Kincaid, and
Lillie Brown from Henry Brown. Suits
for divorce on the ground of failure to
provide have hpcn Sled by Minnie G. Look
against William E. Look, and Mary F.
Mulcahy against John J. Mulcahy.
Special Notice.
One application of Smith's Dandruff
Pomade stops itching scalp; three to six
applications removes all dandruff. Price.
50 cents: at ail drug stores; sample sent
free by Smith Bros., Fresno. Cal. •
Expectorators Punished.
Joseph Campodonico and Joseph Peroni,
laborers, were each fined $10 yesterday by
Judge Low for expectorating on indies'
dresses on Market street Sunday night.
The only excuse they gave was that they
were drunk and did not know what they
were doing.
Special Wire.
Green Bros, will have special wire for
returns to-night. •
CHANGED HIS RIFLE
FOR A SWITCH
Fred Healy Is Now Superintendent
of Manila Schools.
ONCE more honor has sought out and found Corporal Fred A. Healy,
of the First California Volunteers. He left here a private in the regi
ment; his work before the walls of Manila made him a corporal, and
* now he has laid aside his rifle for a while to assume the dignity of
Superintendent of the School Department of Manila, and wield the switch
in the interests of education.
His appointment was made on the recommendation of Rev. Father Mc-
Klnnon, chaplain of the First, who has had charge of all the schools within
the jurisdiction of the army. The position is not one of unalloyed pleasure,
might have been made more than a private, but he feared to wait and risk
not going to Manila at all, so he enlisted In the First and sailed away
with the rest of the boys on the Peking. He was one of the first over the
walls of Manila when the city fell; he has had his share of fever and has
written of the plague of boils with a sympathy of feeling that denotes noth
ing less than an extensive personal experience, and now when there seems
nothing more In the line- of ornate or bizarre military adventure he has
turned his thoughts to the arts of peace and is gravely watching over the
education of numberless little sunburned Filipinos and rounding them up
when they show a disposition to play hookey. He Is still a member of the
regiment and his name is still called on the roll of his company, and If more
trouble breaks out the little Filipinos will promptly lose a superintendent,
and they may shift for themselves while the superintendent takes up his
knapsack again and cleans his rifle.
Healy was a reporter on The Call when he left with his regiment, and
since his departure he has been one of the Manila correspondents of this paper.
INVESTIGATION
IS COMMENCED
AT FORT BAKER
Lieutenant Bennett's
Unexpected Visit.
CAPTAIN CHOYNSKI ABSENT
MANY SOLDIERS QUESTIONED
ABOUT THE REPORTS.
Board of Inquiry May Be Appointed
to Determine Whether Formal
Charges Shall Be Pre
ferred.
The exclusive announcement published
in The Call of the trouble at Fort Baker
created much comment in military circles
yesterday. The story as published shows
that certain soldiers of Battery B, Cali
fornia Heavy Artillery, stationed at Fort
Baker, have circulated reports to the ef
fect that on Thursday of last week the
officers of the battery entertained women
of questionable character in camp and
that these women remained in camp all
night.
This report is indignantly denied by
Captain Choynski and his brother officers,
who allege that the report is the result of
the animus of some 1 of the men who are
ill natured because they have been dis
ciplined. The officers around department
hindquarters, who are in a position to
discuss the matter, keep strictly quiet
when questioned about the affair. They
declare that they know nothing about it
and are ignorant as to what steps Gen
eral Merriam proposes to take.
Yesterday First Lieutenant John B.
Bennett, aid to General Merriam. left for
Fort Baker early in the morning and re
mained there the entire day. When he
returned he was seen by a representative
of The Call, but positively refused to say
a word regarding the nature of his visit
to Fort Baker. When asked if an inves
tigation had b*>en started or what would
for among the schol
ars are the children
of a colony of about
200 lepers, and it Is
the duty- of the new
superintendent to go
among them and col
lect their school al
lowance There is
more dignity to the
office of Superintend
ent of Schools, how
ever, than there Is to
that of . corporal of
volunteers, and to
suitably uphold that
dignity Healy has
leased himself a
house, and has hired
two servants, and he
with three of his
comrades live in
state and style if not
in plenty, while civil
and military author
ities do him honor.
When he lived in
this city Healy was
a newspaper man,
and when he went to
Manila he took his
pencil with him and
gave to the world
some of the truest
sketches of camp life
that the war has
called forth. He is
the son of Captain
Healy of the revenue
service, and through
his conn ecti on s
be done by the department commander,
Lieutenant Bennett declined to make any
statement, saying that he was not at lib
erty to discuss the matter.
Despite the silence of Lieutenant Ben
nett it was learned from other sources
that his visit to Fort Baker is really the
beginning of an Investigation by General
Merriam of the reports. Just what will
be done cannot be determined at present,
but it is certain that much will depend on
the report of the affair that will be made
to the department commander by his aid.
Captain Choynski was at department
headquarters yesterday, but beyond reit
erating his denial of the reports he had
nothing to say for publication.
It was learned from a reliable source
that the women were actresses and that
they are members of the Morosco Theater
stock company. Inquiry at the Morosco
Theater revealed the fact, according to
the statement of the press representative
of the theater, that such was not the
case. All members of the company have
to be present every night to take part in
the performance. From a regular army
officer, who is well posted regarding the
army procedures in such cases, it was
learned that General Merriam will not
act in the matter until he has thoroughly
determined the reliability of the reports.
He may then order a board of inquiry to
meet for the purpose of determining
whether formal charges shall be prefer
red or, if there be nothing in the reports,
then the matter will be quietly dropped.
The representative of The Call at Sau
salito sends the following account of
Lieutenant H< nett's visit to Fort Baker
yesterday which shows that his object in
visiting 'the fort was to gather all the
information possible regarding the af
fair:
Had a thunderbolt fallen in their midst,
the officers of Battery B, California
Heavy Artillery, stationed at Fort Baker,
could not have been more surprised than
when Lieutenatnt Bennett descended
upon the camp yesterday to make an ex
amination regarding the charges preferred
against certain commissioned officers of
the battery. Captain Herbert Choynski
was absent in San Francisco, and Lieu
tenant Bennett promptly declared the post
under martial law. Every soldier at the
fort was lined up and this question put
by the investigator:
"If there are any men present who de
sire to h^-av evidence against the methods
of conducting this post let them step out
of the ranks."
Just forty men stepped forward. Among
them were eleven non-commissioned offi
cers.
"Is that all?" queried Bennett.
There was no response. Then Lieuten
ant Bennett produced a paper and read
off a list of narcu-s. Those mentioned
were requested to take, their places with
those who had already stepped forward.
The examination of all witnesses was con
ducted behind closed doors and the ut
most secrecy prevailed concerning the in
formation elicited. It was afterward
learned that all the charges brought by
privates and non-commissioned officers
published in yesterday's Call were sus
tained by the testimony adduced.
The character of the evidence is said
to be such that a court martial is to fol
low. Captain Choynski, when he returned
to camp, was dumfoundf'fl to learn what
had taken piacr> in his absence.
A Destitute Family.
Alfred Kenoyer, his wife and two chil
dren, through the efforts of Officer Me-
Murray of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children, were sent to their
home in Selma, Fresno County, last even
ing. The. family came to the city three
months ago and the husb nd tried to get
work but failed. They tuok a room at
Mrs. "Wright's lodging house, H9O Folsom
street, but as ihoy got in arrears they had
to leave 'Sunday night, and they sought
refuge in the Receiving Hospital. What
added to their misery was the fact that
both children and the mother were at
tacked by measles and that took away ttfe
little money they had.
A Painter Killed.
Thomas F. Quinn, a painter in the em
ploy of Bradley Bros., was instantly killed
yesterday by falling off the roof of a
stable at 2126 Jackson st reet. The de
ceased was a m.irried man and resided at
12ti Chattanooga street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A man who neglects his health is sailiV
his craft of life in dangerous seas. H
cannot too soon awaken to the fact that ht
is imperiling his most precious endow-
ment. All the wealth in the world, all the
power in the world, all the pleasure in the
world, all the love and poetry and music
and nobility and beauty are but dust in the
mouth of the man who has lost his health.
Keeping healthy means looking after the
disorders that ninety-nine men in a hun-
dred neglect. You cannot get the average,
everyday man to believe that indigestion
or biliousness, or costiveness or headache
or loss of sleep. or appetite, or shakiness in
the morning and dullness through the day
amount to much anyway. He will "pooh,
pooh" at you, until some morning he
wakes up and finds himself sick abed.
Then he will send for a doctor and find out
to his surprise that all these disorders have
been but the danger signals of a big malady
that has robbed him of his health, possibly
forever. It may be consumption or nerv-
ous prostration or malaria or rheumatism
or some blood or skin disease. It matters
not, they all have their inception in the
same neglected disorders. Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery makes the ap-
petite keen, the digestion perfect, the liver
active f the blood pure, the nerves steady
and gives' sound and refreshing sleep. It
is the great blood-maker and flesh-builder.
It cures 98 per cent, of all cases of con-
sumption. In fact bronchial, throat and
lung affections generally yield to it Med-
icine stores sell it.
One or two at bedtime cure constipation
—Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets. They regu-
late and invigorate the stomach, liver and
bowels. By all medicine dealers.
ADVEBTISEJgSgTS.
- . • Headquarters for boys' clothes. See the prices
„ . Watch /or the animals ..J-L^S-,,
W^K ;» -_» '* x i >^\ V/ I k
V\ -''•-» ;;t»,v^- •••• . ■ ■*-'].■
The tiger belongs to the cat family. It Is almost equal to the lion in size and strength and .'
superior. to it in activity.'. Its motions are graceful. ,It does not climb trees.' It runs swiftly. '
.' Lies in ambush to take its prey. Native of Asia. ,; - ; v ','
A lot of jaunty middy suits made
of different colors and materials so
you may select clothes becoming
to your boy.
Some are made with collars and vests of same color
r and material as pants and coat while some have
red, brown or green collar and vest. There
'* is plenty of braid in red, white, black and green
■ * .to match and set off the trimming. That's what
the butto«s are for, too — for prettiness.
Should you prefer a sailor blouse we have them in different
colors and materials. (String and whistle on each.) All have
been selling for #2.50, $3 and $3.50, but. to-day, to-moriow
■ and until Thursday evening the price will be
A ft of cards with animal pictures free to every boy wh» asks for- the»
a ROOS BROS.
tearny and Post -
DR. MEYERS dfc CIO.,
Specialists (op All Diseases of Men.
TT HESE SUCCESS-
■ f u 1 physicians
/^•■*S^ :^^^^ :^ i ' ™*S§m L nave tne m( * st exten-
£i&stfs "^*e*^ t^jSi give practice and
> equipped medical In-
g^gp 1 iU stitutlon on the Pa-
V*£jj -HflSSll^SS^t clflc Coast. They have
tPv&A V^^SiSwf^^l such confidence in
«aM 2&£yH %s^-^ thelr / ability . that
A^ISJ". P?- 5^ \^n they will let the pa-
J\slßl, I *f' V-'» tient deposit the price
'M?*Ws&l I Ajs©Ss*^- Of a cure in any bank
'^^Rbbw i*f*ug^fnt or with any business
■ i^^i^s<Si2r ! *iw***»~'*T^ house or newspaper :
&^J®2t&£Ss&'&si\s&4 !n San Francisco, to '
i P aid to them when
"JfWv TWSflHHi^Bv^ the cure ■is effected, j
!2f&*s x VHSSwjBt v/ or will take monthly !
»?-^ Jil^^^T^k: installments if the
Established 17 Tears. patient prefers
Thousands cured at '
home. Advice and private book free. Letters
confidential. DR. MEYERS & CO.. 731 Market
St., ■ San Francisco, Cal.
. NO PAIN! NO PAINI
■ ' ' ■ -mfgjWlk. Lowest Prices in • tin City
J« TI IWt GUARANTEED. ,
i§af « TEETH WITHOUT
TjSB4 rjfrm ffQ PLATES A SPECIALTY. i
'jg1%0% Stt Full Eat of Teeth, ex-
.vy i "*y V? tractlng free. .JM.SO up
vp -JaSf^S" Gold Crowns. 22k
Z^-\v ij^^iS^h 9t{.80 up
Fillings S3o up
Q^TS^^^S ELECTRO-DENTAL
»^|P Suite CLINIC,
tc^^VX^^//'^? Euf te 7. Flood Bundln*.
3^3*** - x "^*" -r ' 809 MARKET ST.
Office Hre.— 9 a.m. to 10 p.m. ; Sun.. >to 1 p-m.
tvut DR. JORDAN'S «"•*
j&zL Museum of Anatomy
jnpnll 3051 ST. tot. '6th* 7ta, B.P.
S TS Q The Largest of its kind in tie World.
lJcm\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Coosaltaitoa fre*. TV'rit* for to»k
\\ W Philosophy of * Marriage.
h « HAILED FREE.
1 1UL * r 4J-ffh<pnTT wsJuBL MalUnß
An old German woman, living In a Kansas town, says of Ripana Tabules t
'"", ' When we came out to Kansas, eighteen years ago, we were very poor and w«
had a big family. . I had to .work . very ; hard in * the . houso and » outside, too,
, milking cows, slopping hogs, picketing : horses, making garden and : so on. I
was far from my relatives and didnt like the country. ; I didn't know nobody,
bo I stayed at home and worried. Wo had a hard time of it. ;No fruit, no
vegetables, no nothing. Such living was enough to ruin anybody's Insldea.
After *a while my stomach got out of order, and grew worse and worse. I lost
toy appetite. Nothing tasted good. I was troubled with sourness and gulp-
Ings. Then I got to bo cross as a bear. I was downhearted too. I felt kind
of drowsy most of the time, and had no oourage for anything. I dreamt the
: •wfuleet dreams. But I didn't think X was bad sick, and doctors cost too
much and may bo don't do any good. At last, my, brother in Philadelphia
Bent me Kcroe Rlpans Tabules. Ho said they were good for my case. I used
i taem and then got more. Soon I was well again, almost lik« when I wui
fljfcl In Germany.?
MAKE PERFECT MEN
SDO NOT DESPAIR ! Do not suf-
fer Longer! The joys and ambit at
life can be restored to you. The very
worst cases of \crvou« Debility art
absolutely cured by FEKFKrTO
TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in-
somnia, failing memory and the wast*
and drain of Vital powers, incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of early year*.
Impart Tipor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Give jt^^ bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of young or old.
OneSOo box renews vital energy. If J6 boren at
•2. EOaComplete guaranteed cure YSJJjyor money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest **"*' pocket. Sol*
everywhere. or mailed in plain wrapper or- receipt of
price by THE PEKFEITO CO., Caxton Bldr., ChJuro, 111.
Bold bw Owl Drag Co.. San Fran, and Oik I and.
0000000000 QOOOOOOQ
|w PALACE "^l
%GRAND HOTELS %
" connected by a covered passageway. T*
P 1400 Rooms— With Bath Attached. ™
C All Under One ' Management. 0
D :< NOTE THE PRICES: . Q
JT European Plan. Bl. OO per day. and upward A
D American Plan.sS.OO per day and upward M
r\ Correspondence Solicited. Q
fa JOSH 0. KIRKFA7RIOE, Xuugir. . q
go oo ooooooaQoo
DR.MGNULTY.
HIHIS WELL-KNOWN AND BELIABLE OLD
J. Specialist cures Private, Nervous, and Blood
eases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20y'r»' experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hoara9
to3daily;6:3otoB:3oev'gs, Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul,
tatioaliee and sacredly confidential. Call.or address
P. ROSCOE McNULTY, M.D.,
261i Kearny St., San , Francisco. Cal.
>!rf<^s2fcg«J*M Big O U » noQ.poftenoai
*<jtiads* f^ m^^& remedy for Gonorrhoea,
jQMrCUHEIi^BgB Gleet, Spermatorrhoea!
ißjf^inltosda;ri.\a Whites, unnatural dl»-
jg2S£-ar Ooamoteed H charges, or any Inßimmi.
I*B not to itrictare. tion, irritation or nlcera-
|^-gpreTent» «oat»gion. tion of mucous mem-
B»ViTHEEVAMS Chemich braneg. Xon-a»tringent.
igP^CINCINNATI.O ESSH Sold by -D'Bre^t*,
V. S. a 3SI or sent in Plain wrapper.
liTnrahfc lia^wl by exprew, prepaid, fof
<tJ%fi(^fcE*»^ <> m t ioo > or 3 bottle.. $5.75.
, v ■ Circular sent oa n<tuMt*