VOLUME LXXXIII.-NO. 179.
CERVERA HAS OUTWITTED
SAMPSON AND SCHLEY.
BIG FLEET
STEAMING
NORTHWARD
Conflicting Reports as to
the Whereabouts of
Cervera.
Madrid Declares Y\e Is Yet at SaQ
tiago, but Doubt Is Expressed
Elsewhere.
Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
. ORT AU PRINCE, Hayti, May 27.— It is reported here that a
bpanish fleet of fourteen vessels passed Mole St. Nicholas, going
northward through the Windward Passage.
SPANISH FLEET OFF COSTA RICA.
Copyrighted. 189 S. by James Gordon Bennett.
PANAMA, May 27. — Passengers arriving here yesterday on an
Italian steamer from Cartagena report that they saw three warships,
supposed to belong to the Spanish fleet. One passenger, who had a
powerful marine glass, said he discerned four others. The ships were
apparently heading for Port Limon, Costa Rica.
The Herald's correspondent at Port Limon cables that at about 5
o'clock yesterday eight ships were sighted about ten miles from port.
Owing to a heavy fog it was impossible to distinguish the flags of the
fleet, but from the size and form of the vessels, it is believed that they
were warships. The eight vessels were going in a northerly direction
and at about 6:30 o'clock disappeared from view.
CERVERA YET fIT SANTIAGO.
CHICAGO, May 27. — A private cable to the Associated Press
from a reliable person in Port Au Prince, Hayti, dated May 25, asserts
that he had positive information that at that time Admiral Cervera's
fleet was in the harbor of Santiago de Cuba.
REPORTS FROM SPANISH SOURCES.
MADRID, May 27. — Blanco cables that Cervera's squadron is
still at Santiago and that the bulk of Sampson's squadron is blockad
ing that port. Schley's squadron is watching the Yucatan Passage.
Blanco cables that the destroyer Terror arrived at Fajardo, Porto
Rico. She intended to go to San Juan, but found four American war
ships cruising in front of the harbor.
SCHLEY'S CHALLENGE TO CERVERfJ.
NEW YORK, May 27.— A dispatch from Key West says: Schley
is reported to be master of the situation at Santiago and is seeking all
means to make the Spanish fleet come out and give battle. Yesterday,
it is reported, he sent a boat with a white flag into the harbor with
this message:
"The Spanish fleet has the alternative of coming out and fighting
or remaining in and starving."
Another Key West dispatch says: It is reported on the best au
thority that Cervera has escaped, having left Santiago on Saturday.
It is believed he intends to attack the Atlantic cities, and one of the
American fleets is watching for such a move. Cervera may possibly
go to Porto Rico, but he cannot get into Havana.
THE YALE OFF MOLE ST. NICHOLAS.
Copyrlfhted, IS9B, by James Gprdon Bennptt.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, May 27. — The steamer Beda, from Halifax,
arrived at Kingston to-day. She reports having passed the United
States cruiser Yale at 6 o'clock yesterday morning. The Yale was
then cruising in the Windward Passage, off the Mole St. Nicholas.
DISPATCHES FROM ODMIROL SAMPSON.
WASHINGTON, May 27. — There is reason to believe the navy
officials to-night received dispatch's from Admiral Sampson although
at 11:30 P. M. no bulletins had been made public. At 2 o'clock this
morning the dispatch-boat Dolphin of Commodore Schley's squadron
ran alongside the flagship New York, which was then off Havana, and
informed her that she bore dispatches for Admiral Sampson from Com
modore Schley. It was considered probable these dispatches contained
information of the precise whereabouts of the Cape Verde squadron t
and, quite naturally, the info'mation would be sent to the naval
authorities here as soon as boats and telegraph wires could carry it.
That the naval officials have received information is not doubted, but
as yet they have not admitted the fact.
CERVERA AWAITS RE-ENFORCEMENTS.
LONDON, May 28 — A dispatch to the Financial News from
Kingston, Jamaica, says: The master of the fishing schooner Jane,
which has arrived here, reports having picked up a yawl containing
two reconcentrados who had escaped from Santiago de Cuba. He
says they told him that Admiral Cervera's squadron was in the
harbor; that the vessels were coaled and victualed and were ready
to sail "when the Cadiz squadron arrives next week and breaks the
blockade."
The San Francisco Call
A Story That the Spanish
Fleet Has Never Been
at Santiago,
CHICAGO, May 28.— The Inter Ocean prints the following
this morning:
KINGSTON, Jamaica, May 26 (Held by Press Censor and re
leased on order of General A W. Greely, May 28, I A. M.)— Admiral
Cervera's fleet is not now nor has it been at Santiago de Cuba.
This is the statement of Lieutenant-Commander Marix, United
States steamship Scorpion, who boarded the Premier in latitude
20:3O, longitude T9, early this morning, after firing a shot across
her bows, i.Jistaking her in the darkness for a Spaniard.
Marix was on his way to Cienfuegos, where he believed Schley had
Cervera bottled up. Upon being toid that Schley had gone to Santiago de
Cuba, where he supposed the Spanish fleet to be, Marix made the state
ment that Cervera was not in Santiago now, and had not been, and said
he knew what he was talking about, as he had left there but a few hours
before.
He then returned in haste to the Scorpion, and crowding on all possible steam sailed
away in the direction taken by Schley's fleet.
The Premier has been with Schley's fleet since leaving Key West and a record of
the movements of the celebrated squadron may be of interest.
After being for three days on the razor edge of momentary expectation of doing
battle with the Spanish fleet, Commodore Schley's squadron, composed of the powerful
battle-ships lowa, Massachusetts and Texas, the armored cruiser Brooklyn, the commo
dore's flagship; the cruiser Marblehead. the gunboat Castine, the torpedo boat Dupont and
the torpedo destroyers Vixen and Eagle, sailed out of Cienfuegos Tuesday night.
Every man aboard was disappointed and cursing mad. For three days they had
watched the ioo-yard wide entrance of the harbor of Cienfuegos with every gun shotted
and fully manned, every moment of the night and day. They were almost positive that
the Spaniards were inside and that if they had any fighting blood in them they would
come out and take a licking.
Over a depression in the hills between the city and the Caribbean Sea the men
aloft could see the topmasts of four big ships that were in the harbor, and they watched
hungrily as reconcentrados might watch a shipload of food.
In the dark of the night a torp?do boat even sneaked inside the harbor to within
little more than half a mile of the ships, and the men aboard feasted their eyes on four
big, dark fcrms and twelve smaller ones floating in the bay.
They figured these out to be the four cruisers and the three torpedo-boat destroy
ers from Cape Verde and several small gunboats that that fleet had picked up along the
coast and further whetted the appetites of the boysoutside by telling them all about it.
It was not until dusk of Tuesday, when ihe Marblehead and the Eagle returned from a scouting ex
pedition, in the course of which they had communicated with the insurgents ashore, that it was learned
positively that the Spanish fleet was not inside.
There was nothing left then tut to start out again on the hunt, and this was done within an hour.
Schley's fleet left Key West Thursday night, May 19, and anived sixty m.les off" Cienfuegos
Saturday night. It lay there all night, and early Sunday morning ran in toward shore. The squadron
formed into line about eight miles (ff the entrance to the harbor. The fortifications at the entrance had
already been destroyed by the cruiser Marblehead when two of her boats' crews were engaged in cutting
cables there.
On Sunday afternoon cannonading was heard and in the evening searchlights were seen to
play over the harbor and town.
On Monday morning the British steamer Adula arrived from Jamaica. Her captain showed a per
mit from the State Department at Washington to pass the blockade and take eff several hundred refugees
under the protection of the British Consul.
The captain of the Adula reported to Commodore Schley that on the Friday night preceding he had
sighted seven ships in a bunch off Santiago, apparently bound for Cienfuegos. The captain of the Adula
said when he was at Santiago Saturday the Spanish fleet was not there.
Acting on this information and under the belief that the cannonading he had heard was an ad
miral's salute, Commodore Schley felt justified in remaining off the harbor.
Instantly the signal, "Clear ships for immediate action," was run up on the flagship. Then the
movable staff went overboard.
All the way from Hampton Roads the ships had been dropping things overboard. When they came
to Cienfuegos there did not seem to be anything left, but in a minute the bay was full of floating wood
work. On the Texas even I saw a chest take a header into the sea.
The ships were kept close together. Bugle calls and beating drums calling men to quarters were
heard from one ship to the other. The navigating officers ran up to the bridges.
There was not a "conn ing-tower captain" in the outfit. Every man from the commodore down went to the bridge to
fight the ship.
Next came the command, "Silence," from ship to ship. A little iater came, " Cast loose and provide."
Every gun was manned. All that could be brought to bear were pointed at the harbor's mouth.
The Massachusetts stood on with the heaviest batteries. The flagship twisted around, bringing her broadside to bear
on the entrance. The Texas brought her ei?ht-inch puns to bfar, and the others their heaviest. There were enough guns
pointed at the hole in the shore line to cut a new passage clear through to Cientuegos.
Then came a wait. Five, ten, fifteen minutes passed. There was a signai on the flagship, and a torpedo-boat cam?
around from behind the other ships where she had been hiding. She dashed up to the entrance, then away, and back again.
Firing was still heard inland, but she could not get sight of the enemy.
For half an hour the ships stood ready to pulverize anything that appeared. When "return from quarter*" sounded
the gunners were ready io cry from disappointment.
Some time afterward two Cubans came from the westward in a small boat and reported that there had been an
engagement Inland been the Cuban and Spanish forces. The Spaniards were forced to retire to the city. The Cubans
said the Spanish had lost 300 killed.
They also said that there were 12,000 Spanish troops in the city well supp ied with arms and ammunition, and that the
entrance to the harbor was a narrow passage twelve miles iong and well mined.
There were schooners inside that the Spaniards intended to sink in case of attack. The Cubans had not been in the
city for some oays and knew nothing about the fleet supposed to be hiding there.
Before dark there was a consultation
between the officers of the Dupont and
the Commodore. After dark the Du
oont disappeared.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, MAY 28, 1898.
On Sunday Commodore Schlev's
ships moved up closer to the shore and
formed a crescent about the entrance.
The torpedo boat staved inside the |
crescent, patrolling close in shore. Ev
ery man on every ship, including the
chaplains, was on watch. There was no
lurht on shore. No smokincr was al-
lowed on the ships. White suits and
hats were laid aside. Every man wore
blue.
The gun crews slept beside their
guns. Fighting tops were manned. All
the officers stayed on deck. They
spoke only in . whispers. Everybody
was so on edge that in the gra dawn
the lowa narrowly missed bein-^ fired
on when she arrived from Key West.
She was not identified quickly in the
haze. There was a second call to
quarters and an order to pretare for
immediate action.
Preprations this time cc .sisted mere
ly of the men jumping up to the guns
beside which they were lying. The sig
nals of the lowa wo c made out before
any damage had been done.
Next came the Adula incident, when
the captain was taken aboard the flag
ship. Later on Monday the Hawk ar
rived with dispatches from Key West,
and the latest news there was to the ef
fect that the Spanish fleet was reported
to be at Santiago.
Commodore Schley sent the Scorpion
off to Santiago to scout about, and the
Hawk returned to Key West with the
news that the Spaniards were probably
bottled up at Cienfuegos.
During the day all the boats of the
squadron passed up and down in front
of the depression in the hills, so that
all hands had a chance to whet their
appetites with a sight of what were be
lieved to be the topmasts of the ene
my's ships
The night passed like Sunday night.
At 6 o'clock on Tuesday r..orning three
ships were sighted coming from the
south. When they were still almost
hull down the thunder of shots was
heard again and the signal "Clear for
action" went up on the' flagship.
Word went from ship to ship that
there was no doubt about it this time.
Nine shots were counted. That is the
ALL NIGHT CONFERENCE AT WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON. D. C, May 28.—
News of importance, understood to be
from Commodore Schley, was received
by the Navy Depart ent late last night.
Contrary to his custom. Secretary
Long went to the department at a late
hour and was closeted with Assistant
Secretary Allen. Lieutenant Whittelsev.
the cipher expert of the Bureau of Navi
gation, and General A. \V. Greelv.
chief of the Signal Service, who has
charge of the military telegraph system.
They remained at the Navy Depart
ment until morning.
A cipher message was translated and
read at the conference.
In view of the arrange
ments made for giving to
LAND FORCE MAY
ATTACK SANTIAGO
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, May 27.
Secretary Long still Insists that
nothing has been received from either
Schley or Sampson, or from any other
official source, confirming a general im
pression that the Spaniards are in San
tiago harbor.
The dispatch-boat Dolphin arrived at
Key West to-night with dispatches
from Commodore Schley, dated "Off
Cienfuegos." They have not yet reached
the Navy Department— at least have
not been given out for publication.
They will, it is thought, contain little
news, however, for it is well known
that Schley's squadron, when it left
Key West last Friday, a week ago,
sailed for Cienfuegos, believing that the
Spaniards were there.
Press dispatches have already related
how Schley's vessels steamed all
around Cienfuegos, that 30.000 rounds
of ammunition were delivered to the in
surgents on last Sunday, and that af
ter destroying several blockhouses
scattered along the coast in the vicin
ity of Cienfuegos, Commodore Schley
steamed for Santiago, 300 miles dis
tant, while the Dolphin made for Key
West with the dispatches. Therefore,
it is not probable that the Dolphin
brings any news from Santiago about
the whereabouts of the Spanish squad
ron.
It has been suggested that, if it seems
to be inexpedient for Commodore
Schley to land a party for the purpose
of ascertaining whether or not the
much-wanted Spaniards are in the har
bor, the big war signal balloon be used
for this purpose. It is now at Tampa,
whither it was transported from Fort
Logan for use in the Cuban campaign.
The War Department has a portable
apparatus charged with gas, by which
means it could be inflated from aboard
ship, and then elevated from the deck
by a windlass. The War Department
is willing to loan it to the navy for this
purpose, and unless some definite news
is received within a day or two the of
fer will be accepted. It will be sent to
Commodore Schley on a fast boat.
It was suggested to-day that the
Spaniards might shoot the balloon full
of holes with their rapid-fire guns, but
the Signal Service officers of the War
Department believe that if it were ele
vated to a height of about a mile from
one of Schley's vessels standing a few
miles out to sea, a good view might be
obtained of Santiago harbor and its
occupants located without any result
ant harm to the balloon or aeronauts.
InHhe absence of definite information
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Commodore's salute. "With a sigh of
disappointment Commodore Schley
answered from the flagship with seven
Runs and instantly issued orders: "No
more firing salutes."
The approaching ships were the
Marblehead, Vixen and Eagle. The
Marblehead and Eagle started on a
scouting trip an hour later and return
ed at 6 o'clock In the evening. Signals
went up on the flagship again, and it
was known that the watch had been
in vain.
Just at sunset the fleet lined up In
double column, the Brooklyn and Mar
ble head in the lead, next the Massa
chusetts and lowa, then the Texas and
Dupont, the Vixen and Collier and last
the Eagle and Castine.
The dispatch-boat continued with
the fleet for several hundred miles. A
g-ale was howling the rain was falling:,
the seas were high, and the smaller
boats of the fleet were having 1 a hard
time. The only light in the fleet waa
the stern light on the flagship.
The gale increased in fury, and abrmt
8 o'clock Wednesday morning the light
of the flagship was Vt. The dispatch
boat continued on h course long after
daylight, but got no further sight of
the fleet, and, short of coal and water,
put into Kingston to send the news
and replenish.
In latitude 20.30, longitude 79, the
Premier was fired on at close quar
ters by the Scorpion, which was return
ing from Santiago, supposing the fleet
to be still at Cienfuegos. Lieutenant
Commander Marix, the commander,
thought he had a prize and sent a
boarding party out.
The officer was surprised to learn
that Schley's fleet had left Cienfuegos
He said the Spanish fleet was not at
Santiago and had not been.
He learned the rendezvous point of
Schley's fleet from the correspondents
and started off to meet Schley as set
forth above.
the press any advices
from Schley to the ef
fect that Cervera's fleet
was still at Santiago, the
failure to make public
anything about the mes
sage would indicate that
Cervera has escaped.
No positive statement to that effect
can be made, however. The officers of
the Navy Department dcclii.c to say
whether anything cam; from Schlev.
The only answer to inquiries was "No
bulletins."
concerning Cervera's whereabouts the
War Department will proceed with its
preparation for invading Cuba, and. It
is believed, AdmiraJ Sampsn upon ar
riving before Havana will immediately
begin to bombard Santa Clara and
Morro batteries. Troops will be landed
at the eastern end of Cuba and will
join with General Garcia in a siege of
Santiago as soon as that can be done
after positive information has been re
ceived as to the location of the Spanish
fleet.
It is believed that the conference
between Secretary Alger and General
Miles and two members of General
Garcia's staff had some relation to this
plan for a land attack on Santiago.
Garcia's aids claim he has 8000 well
armed men within thirty miles of San
tiago and nearly as many more that he
could arm if he only had the rifles and
ammunition. There may be a combi
nation between American farces and
those of Garcia, which will close around
Santiago by land so as to shut it off
from supplies. In that event it will
soon starve out. It is said that there
are some high bluffs overlooking San
tiago harbor on which siege guns can
be placed so as to fire on the fleet in the
harbor, and that, owing to the height
of the bluffs, the guns of the fleet could
not be sufficiently elevated to make
any reply.
The War Department has arranged
for the departure of a second expedi
tion of 5000 men to the Philippines on
Sunday or Monday. Assistant Secre
tary of War Meikeljohn to-day suc
ceeded in chartering two more large
transports which will be ready to leave
San Francisco early next week. It
was at first expected to send 2500 men
on the second expedition, but the pro
curing of the two steamers, the Colon
and the China, to-day, will enable the
department to embark 5000 men. Mr.
Meikeljohn, who has charge of the pro
curing of transports, said to The Call
c,orresp<Jiiut-"in. .
"The department to-day secured the
transport Colon, now at San Francisco,
and the China, which arrived at the
same port from Yokohama to-day. I
succeeded in communicating with Mr.
C. P. Huntington in lowa en route for
New York, who, as president of the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company,
made a proposition to the department
regarding the chartering of the afore
mentioned ships, which I accepted by
wire this morning. This gives a fleet
of five transports, namely, the Zealan
dla, Centennial, Ohio, Colon and China,
which will carry about 5000 troops. I
hope to have them ready for sailing
from San Francisco for Manila early
Jn the week."2
"YANKEES
DECEIVING
THEMSELVES"
Marshal Rivera Says Our
Flag Will Never Wave
Over Manila.
Declares the Philippines Have Not
Adequate Defenses, but Thinks
the Islands Will Not Be
Taken,
MADRID, May 27.— 1n the Senate to- |
day Marshal Rivera, former captain- :
general of the Philippines, defended his ;
administration of the colony. He said ,
he could not believe his ears when he
was told of the disaster at Oavite, add
ing "that rag called the American flag
shall never float over the walls of Ma
nila."
The Philippines, he continued, had
not had adequate means of defense.
He applied to the Government to sup
ply them, but the Government replied
that the Pope had intervened and that
there was no fear of a rupture. The
naval committee at Manila examined
Into the position carefully and reached
the conclusion that it was quite impos
sible to offer battle to the Americana.
"The Yankees are deceiving them
selves," Marshal Rivera declared, "as
to the situation at the Philippines. It
is absolutely impossible that they
should become masters of the islands,
for the natives, to an immense major
ity, are determined to defend the ter
ritory to the last and to maintain Span
ish sovereignty."
Captain Aunon, Minister of Marine,
ANNEXATION
AS A RIDER
Amendments Made to
the War Revenue Bill.
MAY TIE UP THE MEASURE
SENATOR LODGE DECLARES HA
WAII IS NEEDED.
It Is Asserted That the Islands Are
Required as a Base of Military
and Naval Opera
tions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 27.
The Hawaiian annexation question,
which has been the subject of no little
concern about the Senate for the past
few days, assumed definite slmpe to
day when Senators Lodge and Morgan
offered amendments to the war revenue
bill bearing directly upon the subject.
Senator Lodge's amendment is in the
words of the Newlands resolution, and
provides, in direct terms, for the an
nexation of the islands.
Senator Lodge was seen immediately
after he ba<! sent his amendment to the
desk, and announced it to be his pur
pose to press it to the end.
"Henceforth." said he, "the two
measures must travel together. Both
are equally important, and under the
circumstances it would be foolhardy to
forego our advantages in Hawaii."
Senator Lodge's action in presenting
the amendment was the result of mare
or less conference, though it was of an
informal character, among the stanch-
est advocates of annexation. They ex
press the opinion that the amendment
in the end will be accepted, but admit
that, in all probability. It will result in
delaying the passage of the revenue
bill. Incorporation of Hawaiian an
nexation in the revenue bill would, of
course, have the effect of forcing the
matter upon the attention of the House.
Advocates of annexation say all but
four Republican Senators and many
Democrats, Populists and Silver Repub
licans will vote for Lodge's amend
ment.
The assertion Is made by Senators in
favor of annexation that the adminis
tration Is more anxious than at any
previous time for legislation providing
for annexation. The condition of af
fairs in the Philippines and the neces
sity for a stopping place for our ships
on their way to those islands, they say,
is the reason for the present urgency.
It is asserted that to hold the Philip
pines without the possession of Hawaii
would be next to impossible.
Senator Jones of Arkansas, a Demo
cratic member of the Finance Com
mittee, expressed the opinion that the
Lodge amendment would not be ac
cepted.
"It would," he said, "certainly delay
the bill Indefinitely if pressed."
To Help the Bed Cross.
MAYFIELD, May 27.— The ladies of
Mayfleld held a meeting yesterday and
organized the Soldiers' Aid Society with
the following officers: President, Mrs.
J. W. Hogan; secretary, Mrs. J. M.
Johnson; treasurer, Mrs. M. R. Trace.
A committee was appointed to make
arrangements for an entertainment and
ball ,to be held next Wednesday even
ing, the proceeds to be donated to the
Red Cross Society. _
Mules in Great [Demand. .
STOCKTON, May 27.— The San Joaquin
Valley is being searched far and wide by
Government agrents looking for mules.
Two hundred and fifty have been obtained
in the last few days in this vidnity, and
contracts have been closed in mountain
counties for many more. The average
price is $80. The mules are to be shipped
to San Francisco and shipped on the
Manila expedition. Great care is being
exercised in Belecting them.
said it was inopportune to discuss the
war at present. He had neither ap
proval nor disapproval to express of
Marshal Rivera's administration, but
he considered it necessary to exercise
a certain reserve in the interest of the
country.
In the Chamber of Deputies, Senor
Romero Giron, the Minister for the Col
onies, replying to questions respecting
the authorization given the Governor
of the Philippines to concede adminis
trative reform, said Captain-General
August! had been authorized- to act in
the manner he deemed most desirable
to draw the natives to the Spanish
side.
General Blanco cables from Havana
that Admiral Cervera's squadron is still
at Santiago; that the bulk of Admiral
Sampson's squadron is blockading that
port; that Commodore Schley's squad
ron is watching the Yucatan Passage;
that the American vessels have left
Cienfuegos, and that thp American
fleet of blockaders are within sight of
Havana.
General Blanco, in his dispatch, says
that he opposed the departure of the
French steamer Lafayette with a
cargo of coal, as the coal was required
for Spanish ships.
EXTENDING
THE X RAY
Powerful Apparatus Has
Been Prepared.
PROF. TROWBRIDGE'S WORK
PRODUCES SPARKS VERY MUCH
LIKE LIGHTNING.
Experiments That Will Make Pos
sible Still Further Remark
able Attainments in
Surgery.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, May 27. — A new and power
ful apparatus has just been completed
by Professor John Trowbridge of Har
vard University for the experiments in
electrical force, his principal object be
ing to test further the penetrating pow
er of X-rays. The apparatus consists
of a series of 120 Franklin plates or
Leyden jars, mounted on a simple
wooden frame work and supplied with
power by a storage battery containing
10,000 Plante cells.
The voltage necessary for the experi
ments is 2,500,000. The apparatus is
capable of producing sparks in the air
closely resembling lightning flashes of
from six to seven feet in length. The
power is sufficient to draw sparks from
the brick walls of the room, and the
discharge creates somewhat the same
effect as a sudden cold breeze. Sparks
from thirty to forty feet in length can
be obtained by the use of glass tubes
in which the atmospheric pressure has
been reduced to about two and a half
pounds to the square inch.
Professor Trowbridge has already
made experiments which prove that
with the apparatus as powerful as this
the X-rays can be made to penetrate
not only human flesh, but also bones
and tendons, thus probably making
possible still more remarkable attain
ments in surgery by their aid.
FOUGHT WITH A PAIR
OF MONSTER GRIZZLIES.
British Columbia Prospector's Terri
ble Encounter With Two En
raged Beasts.
KASLO, B. C, May 27.— William Moir.
a well-known prospector living at the Pa
cific Hotel, was seriously injured in a
terrible encounter on Wednesday with
two grizzly bears weighing 750 and 600
pounds, respectively. Moir was on th><:
way alone to his claim and was three
miles from Sprowls Station of the Kaslo
and Slocan Railway, when he was at
tacked by the beasts. With nothing but
an ax as a weapon he fought dearly for
his life, and finally succeeded in dispatch
ing one of the animals, the other decamp
ing.
In the fight Moir was terribly lacerated
on the head, shoulders and limbs by the
claws and teeth of the animals. His
escape under the circumstances was all
but miraculous. Bleeding externally and
weak from loss of blood, he made his
way to Sprowls, where he was carefully
attended by friends, and he was brought
to Kaslo to-day for medical treatment.
It took Moir six hours to travel the three
miles, so nearly was he gone. Dr. G.
Harlin said that with care he would prob
ably recover.
Gaudar and Johnson Matched.
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 27.— An
agreement was signed here to-day by
Gaudaur's representative to row R. M.
Johnson for a purse of $2500 and the scull
ing championship of the world. The race
will be rowed in Vancouver harbor on
July L
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 27— Stmr Cymric,
from New York.
GENOA— Arrived May 27— Stmr Ems, from
New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 27— Stmr Cam
pania, from New York.
LI VERrOOL— SaiIed May 27— Stmr Taurto,
for New York.
NAPLES— Arrived May 27— Stmr Fulda* from
New York.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 28, 1898.
REGARDED AS
A WARSHIP
Alicante Cannot Now Be
Protected.
GENEVA FLAG IS BARRED
LOST BIGHTS BY SUPPLYING
COAL TO TEBBOB.
Now It Would Appear That the Tor
pedo Boat Destroyer Canaot
Long Escape Capture or
Destruction.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 27.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: The
Spanish hospital ship, the Alicante, will
no longer be protected by the Congress
of Geneva flag. This has practically
been definitely decided by the authori
ties. The decision is the result of the
action of the Alicante's commander in
supplying the torpedo-boat destroyer
Terror with coal before the departure
of that vessel from Fort de France,
| Martinique. It is said in official cir
! cles that in taking such action the Ali
! cante has violated her neutrality, and
that in future she will be looked upon
as a ship of the Spanish nary.
Notwithstanding the activity of the
American Consuls and scouts cruising
in the Caribbean Sea the latest report re
ceived in regard to the vessel came
from the Consul at St. Pierre, who
cabled that the Terror was heading
west when seen last. The authorities
have no idea she will be able to escape
the American vessels cruising among
| Windward Islands, but now that she
i has apparently been lost sight of, they
: are wandering where she has gone.
It is to be presumed that her com
| manding officer, in speeding west, Bim-
I ply followed this course so as to de
i ceive the American Consul watching
! him from the island, and as soon as
I he got out of sight of land he changed
I his course.
Among naval officers the opinion
seems to be that the Terror went vo
i San Juan de Porto Rico, where she is
i now safely ensconced.
With Commodore Schley's squadron
before Santiago de Cuba, it would be
Impossible for her to enter that har
bor, and it Is not believed that she
would dare to attempt it, especially as
her supply of coal would not last longer
than to carry her from Martinique to
Santiago de Cuba.
BANCROFT PURSUES
A SPANISH CRAFT
She Is Believed to Be an Auxiliary
Cruiser on Secret
Duty.
KEY WEST, May 27.— The Bancroft
last night gave chase to a three-masted
steamer, apparently a merchantman of
large tonnage. She was first seen by
the Wilmington, which was on its way
for coal.
Shortly after sighting the supposed
Spanish craft the Wilmington spoke
the Bancroft, and notified her of the
presence of the vessel. As the ships
were lying to the stranger hove in
sight and the Bancroft Immediately
started in pursuit of her.
It is supposed that the Spaniards ob
serving the Wilmington's military top
mistook her for a battleship and
thought it safe to continue scouting in
the vicinity, trusting to superior speed
to escape. When the Bancroft ap
peared the stranger lost no time in
getting away and the race as seen from
the Wilmington was close and exciting.
GOVERNOR M'CORD TO
HEAD A REGIMENT.
Arizona's Executive to Go to the Front
at the Head of a Thousand
Volunteers.
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 27.— Governor
McCord has received authority to or
ganize an infantry regiment in Ari
zona, which he will lead in person. A
month ago he applied to the President
for permission to raise a regiment, but
was informed that the Arizona con
tingent of cowboy troops had exhausted
the Territory's quota. Under the new
call he renewed his application and
through the influence of the Secretary
of the Interior and others he was given
authority to proceed. He will be given
leave of absence. The President will
not accept his resignation.
SIX MEN DROWNED
IN A COAL MINE.
Drive a Tunnel Into a Drift Filled
With Water and Fail to
Escape.
POTTSVILLE, Pa_, May 27.— A fright
ful mining casualty occurred to-day at
the Kashu William colliery, near Middle
port, and six men were drowned by a
body of water breaking in from the "old
working." The victims were all Slavs.
A tunnel was being driven through an
abandoned vein. The men were working
in the tunnel. A large body of water had
backed up in the old '-working," which
the tunnel was designed to cut. The last
shot fired burst open the seams, and
through these the water suddenly poured.
All six were caught and drowned. The
bodies of none of the victims have been
recovered.
BENEFITS THE GRAIN.
Fall of Rain Reported at Central Cali-
fornia Points.
SACRAMENTO. May 27.— Rain fell here
most of the afternoon, but rather lightly.
Like the preceding storm, it will greatly
benefit late grain crops and small vege
tables. Ripe cherries will be injured, and
some hay, but the latter will be more
than offset by the benefit to alfalfa fields,
where several crops are cut during the
season.
STOCKTON, May 27.— The rainfall here
to-day was light, but it was good for the
country and did no harm in any direc
tion. With an occasional shower and
continued cool weather consfderable grain
is heading out well and crop prospects
have been greatly improved. The crop
will be light, but it has been increased by
favorable weather.
SAN JOSE, May 27.— There was a slight
fall of rain here this afternoon. It was
much heavier in the western foothills,
where the best orchards are located. The
effect, though slight, will be beneficial.
SANTA ROSA, May 27.— Heavy show
ers have fallen throughout Sonoma Coun
ty, and will benent the hay and graia
crop.
Youth Accidentally Shot.
PORTLAND, May 27.— While playing
soldier this evening Herbert Ward, aged
15, accidentally shot and killed Lloyd
Vaughan, age.- 11. with a 22-caliber rifle.
"Remember the Heroines" is the sub
ject of a strong article in to-day's Star.
Read it. Sample copies free. •
WOULD EXPEL
THE HERALD-CALL
CORRESPONDENTS.
Copyright, ttaS, b- .Tames Gordon Ben-
MADRID, May 27.— For the
third time the influential morn
ing paper, the Imparcial, pays
the Herald the compliment of
calling for the expulsion of its
correspondents from Spain. Its
appeal states that particularly
from Valencia and Cadiz the
movements of ships and troops
are telegraphed, which are bene
ficial to the United States,
From Madrid the same thing
occurs, and it declares the Gov
ernment should expel those
whose barbs are directed against
the country which gives them
her generous hospitality.
BRITISH CONSUL BADLY
BEATEN BY CHINESE.
British Consulate, Custom House
and Two Stores Burned by Riot
ers at Sha-Shi.
SEATTLE. Wash., May 27.— The steam
er Rio Jun Maru arrived here at 10
o'clock to-night, bringing meager news
of an anti-European riot at Sha Shi,
China, in which the British Consulate,
Custom House and the stores of Jar
ne, Mathieson & Co. and Butterfleld &
Swire were destroyed by fire. The British
Consul was severely beaten, and the Eu
ropean residents were forced to take ref
uge in the tea and silk hulks lying in the
river. No one was killed.
Sha Shi is a large city on the Yangtse
Kiang River, about 600 miles from its
mouth. It is one of the ports that was
opened to foreigners after the Chinese-
Japanese war. The feeling against for
eigners is said to be still very bitter. The
riot occurred on May S l , and the news of
it reached Kobe on May 10, just before
the Rio Jun Maru left.
Two British gunboats had been ordered
to Sha Shi from Hongkow, 100 miles down
the river, and Consul Harven at Shang
hai had sent a gunboat from that point.
They will restore order very quickly, as
the Chinese have great respect for them.
The Rio Jun also brought news that the
plague at Hongkong is making frightful
headway among the natives, large num
bers of them dying daily. Several Euro
peans have died from the scourge.
PERU MAY REGAIN THF
CAPTURED PROVINCES.
Colonel Durand of the Opinion That
Chile Will Soon Beturn Them.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
PANAMA, May 27.— Colonel Augusto
• Durand, former President of the Chamber
; of Deputies of Peru and commander-in
' chief of the army which entered Lima in
i March, 1895, causing the overthrow of
President caceres and orin^'iiK General
i Nicolas de Pierola to power,, is in this
city, on his way to Europe via New Or
j leans and New York. In the latter city
he will remain for a few days. Colonel
, Durand is very popular in Peru, and is
, .spoken of as a candidate for next Presi
dential term.
Speaking of the question of the captured
provinces of Tacna and Arica, Colonel
inirand said that ihe protocol signed in
Chile by Vice-President Billingshurst fa
vors Peru and that the provinces will be
returned to Peru within a few months
after the plebiscite is taken. Colonel Du
rand assures me that $10,000,000 for ln
dt-mnity has been already secured. Ac
companying Colonel Durand is Colonel
Ravel Scamaroni, who goes as special
military commissioner to Europe on the
part ot the Peruvian Government.
THREE KECORDS BROKEN.
Feats of Intercollegiate Athletes at
Berkeley Oval.
NEW YORK, May 27.— Three new inter
collegiate records were established and
one equaled to-day at Berkeley Oval,
where the twenty-third annual meeting
was begun. The first record broken was
the hammer throw, McCracken of Penn
sylvania sending his sixteen-pound ham
i mer a distance of 149 feet 5 inches, which
I excels the previous record held by W. G.
Woodruff, of the same university, by 13
feet 2 inches.
Myers Prinztein of Syracuse and A. C.
Kraenzlin of Pennsylvania both beat the
former record In the trials at the broad
i U The absence of W. J. Wefers of George
town University was very much regret
ted. Wefers broke down in his training.
In the half-mile bicycle trial heats E. S.
! Strong of Yale covered the distance in
! 1:06 2-5, equaling the intercollegiate rec-
I ord; but the time of the final, which was
; made by Ray Dawson of Columbia, was
A bicycle record was broken and a new
one established in the quarter-mile race
by L. B. Dannemiller of Georgetown, who
covered the distance in 31 2-o seconds,
which was 4-oths of a second better than
the existing record.
FATAL CONFLAGRATION.
One Man Killed and Damage Aggre
gating $400,000 Done.
DALLAS, Tex., Mai' 27.— Fire broke out
this afternoon in the two-story brick
building lately occupied by J. F. Zangs as
a furniture store and quickly spread to
the back end of Deprey's printing estab
lishment and Scott's furniture house By
4 o'clock the fire had gutted the building
where it originated, together with Dor
sev's establishment, Jehmans wholesale
saddlery house. Shield's paints and wall
paper house, Mistrol's mammoth dry
goods house and the New Home Sewing
Machine Company's building. The Texas
and Pacific general offices and freight
sheds across the Texas and Pacific tracks
were threatened with destruction, having
caught fire several times, but by hard
work were saved. The total loss is about
$350,000 to $400,000, partially covered by In
surance. _ _.  „
J. W. Cowan, a salesman for Shield &
Co., lost his life in an effort to save the
boo^P of his firm. The walls of the
Dorse"y building fell on him and crushed
him to death. He was 25 years of age
and married. _
Edward Smith rushed to Cowan s rescue
and was knocked senseless. Fireman
Burns was severely injured, and City
Electrician W. A. Fras*r, who was hand
ling a hose, had both wrists broken and
his head badly cut.
Killed by Falling Ore.
JAMESTOWN, May 27.— Charles Scott,
a miner, aged 45 years, and a brother of
Sheriff Jay Scott of Fresno County, was
killed yesterday while at work at the
Kanaka mine near Groveland, Tuolumne
County. lie was a mill man and was
standing near the -wood chute when a
piece of ore fell on him. It struck the
side of his head and took the entire top
of it away.
♦ —
Killed by the Oregon Express.
AUBURN, May 27.— William B. Hunter,
aged about 45, was killed by the Oregon
express last night at Roseville Junction.
He is believed to have been a harness
maker working at Marysville. A letter
showed he had a brother at Thompson
ville, Conn.
Tor an Extradition Treaty.
Copyrighted, 1898, by Jamea Gordon Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, May 27.— Tho Her
ald's correspondent in Rio Janeiro sends
word that negotiations for an extradi
tion treaty between the United States and
Brazil are practically ended. The pros
pects for early arrangements are good.
Casualty on a Napa Farm.
NAPA, May 27.— Robert Hedley. a na
tive of Canada 53 years old, living on
farm two miles west of Napa. was ru.i
over by a mowing machine yesterday,
sustaining injuries from which death re
sulted early this morning.
Bernabe Goes to Vienna.
LONDON,, May 28. — The Vienna corre
spondent of the Daily Telegraph cays:
Marquis de Hoyos, the Spanish Minister
to Austro-Hungary, will be succeeded
here by Senor Polo de Bernabe, late Span
ish Minister to the United States.
TROOPS TO BE
PAID IN GOLD
Will Get Their Stipend
Each Month.
COIN IS ALREADY SHIPPED
PAYMASTERS TO GO WITH THE
VOLUNTEERS.
Responsible Financial Agency Will
Be Established at Manila
as Soon as Pos
sible.
Special Dispatch tc The Call.
NEW YORK, May 27.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: The
War Department has been negotiating
with the Pacific Mail and Oriental
Steamship Companies relative to the
transportation of money for our troops
from San Francisco to Manila via
Hongkong and these companies have
offered to transmit it at I*4 per cent,
giving ainpje assurances of indemnity
from loss.
While it is probable that this method
would be economical in comparison
with the expense entailed by sending
money by paymasters the latter meth
od is favored by the department and
will in all probability be adopted, the
officers being sufficiently guarded. Pay
masters accompanied the first troops
for Manila, and the money then dis
patched is believed to be sufficient to
cover a period of three months. Tin;
Government favors transmission by
paymasters because it will enable this
country to keep in confidential com
munication with Manila.
The Bank of California has offered to
serve the Government as financial
agent at Manila, but as that city is
not in our possession nothing 1 can be
done in the matter at this time. It is
stated that as soon as possible a re
sponsible financial agency will be es
tablished at Manila, but until abso
lutely safe all money will remain on
board ship.
Paymaster General Stanton said to
day that all payments would be made
In gold, with silver as subsidiary coin,
and soldiers can secure postal money
orders and checks when they desire to
send money home. Payments will be
made by paymasters in person to every
man in the army and General Stanton
has urged the President to appoint a
sufficient force to enable him to pay
soldiers at the end of every month.
GENERAL CLEANING
UP AT SKAGUAY
All Dead Horses Have Been Buried —
A Pure Water Supply Will
Soon Be Had.
SEATTLE. Wash., May 26.— A week
ago last Thursday the citizens of Skaguay
closed up their places of business and
went to work on the streets and gave the
town a gf-neral cleaning up. All of the
dead horses which have been in the bot
tom of the river for the past year and
were a menace to the health of the com
munity were taken out and buried.
Work has been commenced on the pack
road from the summit of White Pass to
Lake Bennett, the citizens contributing
$3000 for that purpose.
The Skaguay Water Company is laying
pipes throughout the town and water will
be turned in on June 10.
AN EXOFFICIAL IS IN
TROUBLE AT SKAGUAY
John IT. Smith's Conduct While
United States Commissioner
is Being Investigated.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 26.— The officers
on the steamer Cottage City, which ar
rived in port this afternoon, report that
two serious charges have been placed be
fore the Grand Jury at Sitka against John
I". Smith. ex-United States Commissioner
at Skaguay, for official acts. It is ex
pected that true bills will be returned on
the representations.
CALIFORNIA RAISIN GROWERS.
A State Association to Be Organized
With Seven Trustees to Handle
the Entire Crop.
FRESNO, May 26.— The convention of
raisin growers of Fresno, Kings, Madera
and Tulare counties was held here to-day.
It was decided to form the California
Raisin Growers' Association, with seven
trustees, who will handle the entire crop.
Growers will pool their product, none of
the raisins to be sold for less than 2%
cents in sweatbox. Thompson seedless
or seedless Sultanas are not to be sold
for less than SVS cents per pound in the
sweatbox. After considerable discussion,
a form of contract was adopted, which
growers will sign. A flnf of $20 an acre
will be imposed for violation of the con
tract by growers. A mass-meeting of
raisin men will be held on Saturday to
ratify the action of the convention.
Dawson Rate War.
SEATTLE, May 27.— The Alaska Traffic
Association, formed by the principal
transportation companies engaged in
northern business for the purpose of es
tablishing a $300 rate from Seattle to
Dawson and to prevent rate-cutting, will
soon be a thing of the past. To-day the
rate was cut as low as $125 by a number
of local companies.
Brigham Young's Son Bankrupt.
LONDON, May 26.— 1n the bankruptcy
court to-day a receiving order was Issued
against J. W. Young, a son of the late
Brigham Young. His liabilities are
$1,669,400.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Vitalize Your Blood. Overcome That
Tired Feeling. Get a bottle of
Hood's Sarsaparilki and begin to
take it TODAY, and realize the great
good it Is sure to do you.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. All druggists.
NEUTRALITY
IS IGNORED
BY HAWAII
Dewey's Glorious Victory
Vigorously Celebrated
at Honolulu.
Committees Selected to Welcome
the Boys in Blue While En
Route to the Philippines.
HONOLULU, May 21.— The war spirit
has captured Hawaii. Honolulu has
seldom seen such an enthusiastic gath
ering as that assembled in the Drill
Shed on the evening of the 18th. Amer
ican patriotism was rampant, and the
eagle of America screamed in harmony
with the bold bird of Germany and the
roar of the British lion, all in honor of
brave Dewey and the boys in blue who
are expected to touch at our port on
their way to the Philippines.
The American Minister and his Con
sul-General let flow the floods of im
passioned patriotic oratory, untram
meled with diplomatic discretion, while
Hawaii's Attorney-General forgot for
the nonce that he was the law adviser
of the Government. It was throughout
the meeting the ardor of the heart on
fire and not the cool thought of the
head, that had full sway and control
But in place of "Semper Eadem, the
banner of our pride," it was the glori
ous stars and stripes that was waved
over victorious Dewey and the sunken
Maine. It was "Old Glory" and a "Holy
War." Who cared for neutrality laws
on that evening? We shared the bene
fits and gifts of the United States in
time of peace and prosperity, and weak
and defenseless as we are, it was our
duty and right to cling all the closer
to- her in her hour of trial. The mouse
once saved the lion. All we had was
hers, and we would proclaim it in the
face of the world, with or without the
Government's permission. It required
but little persuasion for the hot-heads
to rally forth and hoist the flag, but
Harold Sewall and W. O. Smith only
smiled grimly at the suggestion.
Oratorical torpedoes and dynamite
phrases having been exploded to the
ear's content, the meeting got down to
business, and a committee of nearly
150 prominent men — Americans, Brit
ishers, Germans and hybrids were ap
pointed to make all necessary arrange
ments to meet the troop ships and our
well-beloved Charleston, and to give
them such a reception and entertain
ment as will cause them to remember
Hawaii through the weary watches of
the battle-field and long after the Angel
of Peace has wafted her wings over
their victorious arms.
This general committee has been di
vided into sub-committees, with the
following chairmen: George W. Smith,
general chairman, with J. Walter Jones
as secretary-; Colonel J. H. Fisher, Sen
ator Baldwin, Major George A. Ash
ley, Dr. Grossman, J. B. Atherton, Dr.
W. J. Maxwell and W. H. Hoogs. If the
men are allowed to land, the executive
grounds, the barracks and the Drill
Shed, the public parks, the boat club
houses and other places will he placed
at their disposal. They will be feasted
and feted and the ladies' committee will
act as their hostesses and waitresses, i
If they are condemned to shipboard
all their wants will be attended to, and
a regatta arranged in their honor.
The English-speaking races will com
bine in the demonstration, and our
purses will be as open as our hearts.
We will forget politics, and for once
be united in a bond of harmony, for
getful of the fact that we have a gov
ernment which may be embarrassed by
our hearty hospitality. We shall ignore
all laws but those of affection. We will
hold the fort in loving civil rebellion
and down the oligarchs by popular
tyranny.
The address of welcome is to be pre
pared by a committee consisting of i
Hon. Albert Francis Judd, LL D., the
Chief Justice and Chancellor; Hon.
Paul Neumann, Senator Cecil Brown,
Captain W. A. Klnney and W. U. Arm
strong, ex-Minister and editor of the
ADVERTISEMENTS^ _^_^_
IECORATIONDAYT
We expect to close our place of business on Monday, May 30. Our many
patrons are asked to place their orders as early to-day as is convenient. We
have large shipping orders for Alaska. Japan and China to get out to-day,
but will be pleased to serve all who come with the best the world has in It
and at the right price. A few special bargains for quick sales.
25 Cents Will Buy
2 ir-s No. 1 Fresh Cocoanut, bulk.
1 large bar Flannel White Soap, home made.
5 bottles French Mustard In oil.
S cans fine Baltimore Oysters, 1 rb.
1 rb of very good Tea. family use.
1 rb superior Ground Chocolate.
5 lbs best mixed Bird Seed.
1 box choice fresh Macaroni.
7 Iba Tapioca or Sago.
2 IT)S good sound Green Coffee.
8 rbs bulk Laundry Starch.
1 pair Girl's Low Shoes. 2»4, 3. 34.
1 pair Infant's Fancy Shoes.
5 pairs Little Gray Stockings.
5 Vndershirts for infants. 1 year.
5 elegant Harmonicas, 15c kind.
50 Cents Will Buy
55 Candles, 10-ounce, Electrio or Standard.
1 Tb whole Nutmeg.
4V, Tbs Tea Siftings. uncolored or green Japan.
5 fancy Table Dishes, filled with Mustard.
1-gallon tin Rock Candy Drips.
1 Bicycle Carrier, reduced from J2 50.
1 Army Knapsack and Haversack.
H "** — H\^i» Is IS a^B^
■WHWWWBBWN cHI^T/IBS lafil BsS3 HI BOH E» 1 fSBV I '
a^^B^nQ^BJHsfflSJ^^;. 89l -IB IB |^k BH I wpl ?4?^Tff\F-
W 1 9& b^^b *^^^ bbb j bi v^j^***^^^^
B^ We deliver goods anywhere in town promptly.
We deliver same day in towns across the bay.
\l| Id We pack safely and guarantee safe carriage.
_- IHi |» / We make a great point of keeping best goods.
,Wfl^ , /m ■/ We want to please buyers of all lines.
\^RK^jatf^Bf H^/ We ct— &ci you to buy for your wants, not more.
\^|^B B™ / We understand packing for Alaska or foreign trad*.
All car lines bring you here for a single fare.
25-27 MARKET STREET. S. F.
A
Advertiser. It will be drafted by Mr.
Neumann.
I There have been some crushing de
| feats by the Government in the Legis
j latur^. The most important was on tha
j Seymour cable bill. This was a rout
; and brought forth such heated lan
! guage on both sides that the papers
| have not published the discussion. Tha
i bill, amended out of all recognition by%
! its framers, passed by a vote of 10 to 4. r
I The Government's five Senators went
j over to the opposition in a body. It
I was elicited that the President, with
| out the cognizance of the Cabinet, had
! informed certain Senators that he now
favored the bill as arm-nded. It was in.
vain that Ministers Damon and Smith
| pleaded for the honor of the country
: and the Ministry, and threatened resig
; nation and invited a direct vote of cen
sure instead of these constant defeats.
They merely appealed to bitterly pre
judiced ears and the vote came with
even more crushing effect than they
had anticipated.
The Carter memorial fountain vote
I was another one which was obtained
| merely to strike another blow at the
i Cabinet, and still more curious is the
| defeats of the President's own land bill,
! drawn by himself and promised a pas
| sage on its introduction. Apparently it
i now only requires that a measure shall
be known as being favored by the ad
' ministration to cause its annihilation.
! We are now asking ourselves what will
|be the end of all this bickering? Will
\ the worn-out Cabinet some day sullenly
! and suddenly resign? If so wan will be
| their successors? Men of position are
! reluctant to join in governing a State
■ unsettled politically as ours is almost
!on the eve (should annexation not
I promptly ensue) of an election the re
sults of which it is impossible for any
! living man to predict. 11l health, too,
causes us to lose one of our most capa
ble and honest legislators in the per
| son of Henry Waterhouse, who leaves
our shores for yours in the hope of
recovering his health, shattered by leg
islative duties.
Strange is the whirligig of time. Here
we have the very men who overthrew
the monarchy for licensing the sale of
I opium boldly passing an act themselves j
■to license its sale. Our climate makes f
■us inconsistent. We shall evidently get
I the best of the bargain in annexation
for we shall have all the profits of the
partnership and you all the expenses.
As has been anticipated in this cor
respondence the bill repealing the in
iquitous labor contract law is quietly
I dying in a committee of the House only
j to be brought forth at the very close
lof the session to be slaughtered. It has
i been used for all that it was worth aa
j an argument in the United States on
! behalf of annexation and is now dis
! carded, like many others of the tricky
i artifices that have been brought into
' play. The probability is that there will
i be an extra session of the Legislature
, called to complete unfinished business.
The Legislature has "generously"
raised Princess Kaiulani's allowance by f
$1000 a year without any apparent op
position, but has declined to raise the
salaries of the President or his Cabinet.
Among interesting domestic legisla
tion are acts prohibiting the Chinese
from sprinkling clothes with the mouth,
to establish steam laundries and for
rapid transit street railroads.
The Call correspondent ascertained,
from the Minister of Foreign Affairs
this morning that he had not yet re
plied to the Japanese Government in
reference to the arbitration convention
and he added, "No one appears to ba
extremely anxious to reopen the mat
ter " He absolutely declined to state
whether or not President Dole had
made any communication to the Gov
ernment of the United States in regard
to these islands, but felt certain that
If any communication had been sent it
had been sent with the consent of the
Cabinet— a diplomatic statement that
can be vouched for at Washington.
$1.00 Will Buy
6 lbs Sample Tea, good grades, mixed.
6-ID tin guaranteed Baking Powder.
22 bars Babbitts Soap.
100-rb bag our fancy Snowdrop bait.
9 lbs Lion brand Roast Coffee.
15 lt>s Cocoa Shells, make a good dri
1 box good 10-ounce Candles. -
1 kit Sardines. Anchovies or Salmon
21 packages goo' "ornstarch.
40 Tbs fine Laundry Starch.
7 2-bit Jara Jam or Jelly.
6 cans of Oysters, 2-bit kin#
25 yards fine style Calico.
20 yards fine Scotch Plaid.
10 large Turkish Towels.
1 pair Men's or Boys' Button Shoes.
1 pair Ladies' fine Button Shoes.
1 pair Ladles' fine Chocolate Oxfords.
10 pairs Ladies' Hose, assorted.
14 pairs Child's Hose, assorted.
10 Ladles' Undervests, assorted.
7 Library Books, bound.
30 Ladies' and Children's Handkerchief!.
$1 goes a long way for cash.BAKERSFIELD
FREED FROM
TYRANNY
All Kern County Turns Out
to Welcome the Valley
Road.
A Vast Procession in Which All
Ranks and Callings
Joined.
BAKERSFIELD, May 27.— This has
been the most glorious day in the his
tory of Eakersfleld. It is but stating
a plain fact to say the Valley road
jubilee was a most complete success.
While the crowd was not what could
be considered a "jam," it was neverthe
less large and most enthusiastic, and
thoroughly representative of the best
interests of the community. All were
bent upon having a good time, and they
had it.
"It could not have been otherwise,"
eaid an old citizen. "They were of one
mind, and that was nothing short of
shouting and glorifying with their
neighbors at the release from a ter
rible and grinding tyranny that has
been painfully heavy so many weary.
long years."
This old citizen expressed the moving
spirit of the celebration better than col
- of "burning" words could tell it.
There is not a toiling farmer or pro
ducer in this rich valley but will say a
hearty "Amen" to the sentiment he ut-
tered. It was easy to read In the beam
ing faces.
The elaborate and extensive pro
gramme of the day was carried out to a
letter, with only a slight delay in the
nnlng-, this being caused by the
failure of the VaJley road excursion to
arrive at the time expected. This bore j
officials of the road and other guests. ;
Tlie day's programme was begun with
a procession of trades and ended with
"Home, Sweet Home" at the conclu
sion of a grand ball In the evening. The
procession was a most gorgeous one —
"the finest one we have seen yet," said
the officials of the Valley road and other
prominent visitors. It was fully a mile
in length and represented every phase
of industry in Kern County.
Strange to say, one of the most gor
geous and attractive features of the
procession was represented by Chinese
citizens. It was, indeed, brilliant in
its oriental magnificence. More than
200 Chinamen, who participated, were
adorned in rich silks of gorgeous col
ors, and all had something to carry and
do. They had two bands and numer
ous noisy and squeaky instruments
producing noise, if not melody. There
were great cars of fine ladies, chariots
of Kings and Queens, Judges and war
riors. The Great Dragon led the di
vision and was the center of much in
terest. All the trappings had been
brought from San Francisco and Chi
nese merchants here had to give a bond
of $5000 for their return. For weeks
local Chinamen have been wild with
interest in the celebration, and from
the fronts of their buildings waved
American flags. Hundreds of dollars
were spent by them and they appeared
eager to contribute. Eakersfield con
tains a population of 1600 Chinese and
many of them are wealthy and control
large trades. They are, therefore. In
terested in the progress of the co m-
Another feature which excited much
interest was a division of 200 horsemen,
most of whom were Mexicans, all robed
In Mexican costume. The trades' dis
play was simply grand— wheat, beef.
pork, mutton, alfalfa, lumber, mining
and other noted products of Kern
County being conspicuously displayed,
and many visitors wondered at the
richness indicated.
The procession started at the Valley
Road depot at 10:30 and wound through
various streets. It then passed in re
elew at the Arlington Hotel corner, on
the balcony of which stood the guests
Df honor. After passing this point it
Sisbanded. and speeches were made
from the balcony of the hotel These
were delivered by Senator S. C. Smith,
his being the address of welcome; I on.
F F Preston, in behalf of the \ alley
Road; Mayor Snyder of Los Angeles,
tor the people of that city: Mayor Pne
lan, tor San Francisco, and Hon. C. C.
VVriKht for the Merchants' and Manu
facturers' Association of Los Angeles.
Hon. J. W. Mahon presided and intro
duced the sp.-akers.
The crowd Btood in the street below
and gave the utmost attention. Sena
tor Smith, after extending a hearty
welcome to the assembled throng, gave
a little railn.ad history, and then heart -
I'y expressed the appreciation of Kern
County at the coming of the Valley
Road. H<? characterized the event as
the most far reaching in the history of
the valley and State, and one which
would prove a blessing to unborn gen
erations as well as to the living. He
believed the people would give the road
thf-ir most sincere support. Senator
Smith's eloquent words were applauded
vigorously.
Following Senator Smith came Hon.
E. F. Preston. While the gentleman
was slightly indisposed, he made a
most eloquent address, and it set the
crowd wild. He expressed his appre
riation at the magnificent interest
phown at the coming of the Valley
[toad, and assured the people the road
meant to do its part, and expected them
to do theirs.
Then came Mayor Snyder of Los An
gles The Mayor gave many compli
mentary words to Bakersfield and the
Valley Road, and referred to the great
idvantages the road brought to their
•.ounty He extended the good will of
uos Angeles and spoke encouragingly
if the completion of the road to this
! city and pointed out the advantages it
would hp to Bakersfleld.
Following Mayor Snyder came San
Francisco's Mayor. He said many
; good things. He referred to the brave
'. task of building the road and the plans
of its operation, exhorted the people of
Kern County to give it their support
and stand by it under any and all cir
cumstances. He feelingly referred, as
: did all other speakers, to the absence of
1 its courageous promoter, Ciaus Spreck
i els. He asked the people to remember
i the brave leader while he was yet on
! the bed of pain. This simple allusion
was the cause of a great outburst of
i applause.
Speaking ended with an able talk
from Hon. C. C. Wright in behalf of
the Merchants' and Manufacturers' As
sociation of Loa Angeles. He said those
he represented were looking forward to
th-> great San Juaquin Valley as the
coming market for their products. He
favored completion of the road to Los
Angeles, and was sure it would give
Bakersfleld greater advantages. In
Baying this he explained that he meant
nothing to the disparagement of Pan
Francisco. All were of opinion that
i the building of the road marked a
VALLEY ROAD DEPOT AT BAKERSFIELD.
grand era in the history of California.
At the conclusion of the speaking
President Mahon called for three cheers
for the road and its promoters. They
were given with royal good will.
In the afternoon an excursion on the
road was run into the rich Poso coun
try, to show the guests what rich fields
Kerh County can produce, and give a
glimpse at the Irrigation system. Those
who did not go were driven into the
country to view the principal places of
interest. Some attended the wild west
show and baseball game between the
Bakersfield and Hanford teams.
Early in the evening the crowd was
treated to a magnificent display of fire
works. Never before in the history of
the valley had such a display of pyro
technics been witnessed. Many appro
priate road emblems were shown, be
sides the blowing up of the Maine and
other special features.
After the fireworks the crowd
marched to the big warehouse. 60x400
feet, near the depot and indulged in
dancing to a late hour. The throng
filled the building which had been fit
tingly decorated for the occasion.
Among the contingent were the fol
lowing gentlemen: Robert Watt and
| son. Captain Payson, Thf-odore Hittell,
J P Hittell, LovelJ White, Daniel
Meyer, O. D. Baldwin, E. F. Freston
and son, Thomas Magee and son, C. K.
Winslow, J. A. Hooper, Mr. Moss, J. D.
Phelan, W. B. Storey Jr., and Mr. Mc-
Bride.
The Los Angeles citizens were: C.
C. Wright, E. P. Bosbyshell, Mayor M.
P. Snyder, E. A. Stewart, J. J. Bergim,
G. J. Griffith, George W. Holt, R. A.
Benjamin. John E. Sampson Jr., H. F.
Wesner, F. D. Haddock, J. H. Kiefer,
W. P. Montgomery, A. C. Roscow, G.
W. Thompson, L. S. Bay, Frank Lerch,
G. C. Muset, F. Rettkowsky, V. L. Ma
gir.nls W. C. B. Richardson, Theodore
Morris, F. H. McMillen, T. F. Fitzger
ald and Alfred Day Jr.
Many prominent citizens from valley
towns were present. The marked fea
ture of the crowd was that it was corn
\ of the solid business element.
Such visitors are worth something, and
mean more than a jollification.
The Valley Road excursion remained
over till morning. There was plenty
to eat. the fattest and best of the land,
and no one went hungry.
The composition of the parade was
as follows, C. L. Connor being grand
marshal:
First division— Grand marshal, C. L.
Connor: chief aid, J. B. Hunt; aids, H. L,.
Borgwardt Jr., A. Swain. William Do
herty. Charles Whitaker, G. Garrteld. hi.
England. H. I. Tupman, A. M. Mixer, J.
A. Ogden, J I. Wagy. George Coffee,
George Daggett; 8.-ikersfleld band; distin
guished guests; Los Angeles delegation;
Boys' Piripad".
Second division— Chief, H. H. Fish; aids,
Charles Rahm. John Black; cadet band;
Fire Department; Chines..' diSplay.
Third division— Chief , Wallace Taylor;
aid. Robert Still; Kern Valley band: Han
ford baseball team; Bakersfield baseball
team; Mexican display.
Fourth division-Chief, E. M. Roberts;
aIOH Thomas Scandret. Hervey Frisselle,
D. D. Hill; Hanford band; trades' display.
The following named citizens acted
as a reception committee:
W. H. Scribner. O. D. Fish J. A.
ITußhes, E. A. Baer. L. Dinkelspiel D.
HirKhfoid. Redlick Bros., Tom Harding:.
R. J. White. A. T. Lightner R. n
Swavne. W. B. Jones. H. P. Bender. F.
\V Craig J. B. Batz, B. Brundage, A.
Fay \y Scott. Charles Day, A. Stoncr.
J A. Baker, H. C. Park. L G. Fauly,
R Hudnut, Board of Supervisors, A. P.
Fvraud J S. Drury, Tom Owens. J.
X Fatten S. N. Reed, C. A. Schmidts .
j W Ahem. C. C. Cowglll. J. L. Depaull,
M Cesmat A. W. Marion. T. J. OBoyle,
M. Cb^J. no - ld T w Lookhart. John Le
mast'prs, Laird & Packard, John O. Mil
br Dr Fergusson, Dr. Snook, Dr. Tag
gart. Dr. Helm, A. Summerfleld, George
Prico.
The executive committee was com
posed of R. H. Stevens, chairman: J.
B Hunt vice chairman; J. M. Hunter,
cr^retary; S. P. Wible. treasurer; C. L.
Connor. Paul Galtes and F. S. Rice.
The ball committee, which made a
notable success of its part of the pro
eramme, embraced Dr. F. G. Bethel,
Ben Brundage, J. H. Sheridan. Charles
Morris H. L Tupman. Charles Baker,
H C Lechner, William Millard, I. H.
Glenn, F. L. Borgwardt, A. S. Clark
and Charles Rahm.
Prominent in perfecting arrange
ments were: J. W. Mahon. H. A. Jastro,
L p St Clair, James Curran. E. P.
Davis W V. Matlack. J. W. Shafer,
Alfred Harrel. William &. Tevis, S. W.
THE SAX FBAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 28, 1893.
CORRESPONDENT KNIGHT
THROWN INTO PRISON
KEY WEST MAY 27.— E. P. Knight, correspondent of the London Times. New
York Herald and San Francisco Call, who, on Sunday night, when seven miles off
Havana was lowered overboard from the dispatch boat and rowed ashore alone in a ten
foot skiff was heard from to-day. He has been thrown in prison and is now in Cabanas
fortress Sir Alexander Gollan, British Consul at Havana, has instituted proceedings for
his release Knight reached Havana yesterday and was at once arrested. Mr. Knight
received special permission to enter Cuba and go to Havana. The arrangement was
made through the British and Spanish officials, and it was agreed that Mr. Knight would
be allowed to visit the Island if he was landed by a neutral vessel.
Wible, S. Jewett, S. C. Smith, A. C.
Maude and G. W. Wear.
Altogether the day was an entire suc
cess. Bakersfleld has longed for a
competing line; now that it has it, the
blessing is appreciated.
ARMOR-PIERCING SHELLS
FOR THE SIX-POUNDERS
Large Consignment of Death-Dealing
Missiles Arrives at Mare Isl
and Navy-Yard.
MARE ISLAND NAVY-YARD, May
27.— A consignment of armor-piercing
shells for the six-pounder guns was re
1 calved at the storehouse on Thursday
evening. There were In all 7500 of these
; missiles.
The tinners are making 150 tin cases
for the powder to be used in the Mon
: terey's ten and twelve inch guns. These
cases are usually made of copper, but
i there is a great scarcity of copper now,
and they are made of extra heavy tin,
which answers the purpose very well.
Orders have just been received placing
; at the disposal of the Government J42ik)
for the repair of the coalsheds, so that
the coal now coming in can be properly
stored. The work of repairing will begin
immediately. The recent earthquake se
verely racked the bins.
Surgeon A. M. Moore has received or
ders to report for duty on the United
'• States ship lSrutus. formerly the Peter
Jebsen. Chief Engineer A. Hartrath has
been detached from the Mohican and or
! dered to the Brutus.
The shipwrights are busy constructing
foundations for the rapid-fire mounts.
Four large towing bitts are to be put on
' the Brutus and several boats will be put
: on hor before she leaves. The Brutus has
; a gross tonnage of 3077. net 1992, and a
i displacement of 5440 tons.
WOULD BLOW UP
THE VESSELS
Holland Offers His Boat
to Uncle Sam.
READY TO MEET CERVERA.
FIRST AXL THE MINES WOTJLD
BE DESTROYED.
Then the Bold Inventor Is Anxious
to Enter the Channel and Go
After the Spanish
Fleet
Sp«>c!al Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 27. — The Press
Fays: J. J. Holland, builder of the Hol
; land submarine boat, has gone to
■ Washington with Colonel C. E. Crecy
I for the purpose of making an offer to
| the Government which, if accepted, per
| haps will solve the problem of how to
! destroy Cervera's fleet. Mr. Holland
will submit his proposition to the Sec
retary of the Navy at once. He is
i willing to undertake to sail his sub
i marine boat into the channel of the
narrow entrance to Santiago harbor,
i destroy th.c mines planted there and, If
| necessary, proceed into the harbor and
i deal a few blows at Cervera's vessels.
Mr. Holland declares that his plan
to do this is entirely feasible. The boat
is in shape and ready for the work, and
he will agree, if the Secretary of the
Navy thinks favorably of his proposal,
to obtain a crew of volunteers for the
enterprise. All that he will ask of the
authorities is transportation for his
vessel and men to Cuba. Once there,
he agrees to do the rest.
Mr. Holland proposes to take his boat
to Santiago, fitting her out and getting
everything in readiness under the pro
tection of Commodore Schley's squad
ron. Then, when the opportunity of
fers, probably just at dawn, the Hol
land will start on its mission. Before
it comes within sight of the fortifica
tions which frown on both sides of the
entrance it will sink beneath the sur
face of the water and steal quietly
toward the main channel.
When this is reached it will recon
noitre to get the lay-out of the mine
fields, and then, withdrawing to a safe
distance, discharge one or more of its
submarine torpedoes amonT the mines.
This is the regular process known as
countermining, which is similarly con
ducted by a vessel above the water,
which lays alongside the harbor mines
another series, which, when exploded,
opens up the whole channel. Mr. Hol
land believes that by this method the
channel into Santiago could be cleared
without great difficulty.
He is prepared, if necessary, after
this task is accomplished, to proceed
in his craft undernc "■ the water into
the harbor and to attempt to blow up
one or more of Cervera's battleships.
If the Navy Department has not an
other plan for disp< sing of Cervera's
fleet Mr. Holland's scheme may be con
sidered. "
Death at Santa Clara.
SAN JOSE. May 27— Mrs. Amanda Jack
son, relict of Colonel A. Jones Jackson, a
well-known pioneer, died at her home in
Santa Clara yesterday afternoon. She was
a daughter of the late Judge I. N. Senter.
The deceased was a native of New York
and 62 years of ajre. She crossed the plains
with her father In 1849, and a y*ar later
the family settled in this county. Six
children survive her.
Tightening the strangler's noose. Read
what Editor Barry has to say of it in the
Star. *
WAR TAX AND
REDHOT TALK
Gorman Styles a Court
Decision "Infamous."
FAVORS THE BOND ISSUES
TELLEB CONCLUDES A MOST
SENSATIONAL SPEECH.
Declares the United States Ought to
Take Every Foot of Spanish
Soil Outside of
Spain.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rtggs House,
Washington, May 27.
A notable speech on the war revenue
bill was delivered in the Senate this
i afternoon by Gorman (D.) of Mary
land. In the course of an argument in
support of the tax on corporations, he
denounced as "infamous" the decision
of the Supreme Court declaring the in
come tax law of 1894 as unconstitution
al. Gorman took decided issue with
the majority of his fellow Democrats
upon their proposition to coin the sil
ver seigniorage and to issue legal ten
der notes, and made a powerful argu
ment in favor of the issuance of bonds
to raise funds with which to prosecute
the war.
Soon after the Senate convened at 11
o'clock this morning Carter reported from
the Military Affairs Committee a bill pro
viding for a second Assistant Secretary of
War, to be named by the President, and
to receive a salary of $4000. After a de
lay of fifteen minutes a quorum was se
cured and the bill was passed.
Morgan then offered an amendment to
the war revenue measure as follows:
When any of the islands of the Atlantic or
Pacific ocean? are owned by the United States,
or when they ar* occupied by the civil or
military forces of the United States, as a re
sult uf war with Spain, or as a necessary
means of conducting such war, to be deter
mined by the President as the commander-ln
chlef of the army and navy of the I nlted
States, It shall be lawful a»d within his dis
cretion for the President to appoint a civil or
military coverner of such island, or any group
of iuch Islands, with full authority under such
ru!*-s ana regulations as the President shall
prescribe not Inconsistent with the laws of
civilized warfare, to maintain good order and
to protect lives and property and the domestic
peace of the people thereof.
And there shall be extended over such
islands and enforced therein such parts and
provisions of the tax laws of the United
States or of such Islands, with or relating to
customs duties or to internal taxation, as shall
In the judgment and discretion of the Presi
dent be Justly applicable to such islands dur- (
ing the existence of the war with Spain.
The currency of the United States, whether
of gold, silver or paper money, shall be a law
ful tender in said islands, so owned or occu
pied, in the same manner and to the same ex
tent that they are legal tender In the United
States, for the payment of all debts, public or
private. And the provisions of this act that
relate to such islands, together with such regu
lations as shall be made by order of the Presi
dent for executing the same, shall remain in
force until the same are altered, amended or
repealed by act of Congress. ,
Consideration of the war revenue meas
ure was resumed. Teller taking the floor
to continue his speech begun yesterday.
"Those who ought to know," concluded
Teller, "estimate that the present war will
cost $300,003,000 if it be preaecuted for one
year. It is not a war of conquest, but a
war of humanity. However, since we
have taken the Philippines we ought to
hold them until some decision can be
reached as to their disposition. We ought
to take every foot of Spanish soil out
side of Spain herself, whether it be in this
hemisphere or in the other. We ought,
I believe, to drive the Spanish flag from
the waters of both the Atlantic and Pa
cinc Oceans."
Other speeches were made on the bill by
Nelson, Cockrell, Gorman and Jones of
Arkansas.
Allison, in charge of the bill, proposed
that a time be agreed upon to vote upon
tho scries of amendments relating to cor
poration taxes.
Jones (D.) of Arkansas objected on at
count of the numerous Important amend
ments offered to the bill, which had ma
terially altered the situation. It was
agreed that the Senate should meet at 31
o'clock to-morrow. At 5:15 p. m. tho Sen
ate went into executive session and soon
afterward adjourned.
NOT FOR THE BENEFIT
OF THE RED CROSS.
San Rafael League Issues a Disclaim-
er in Regard to a Theatrical
Presentation.
SAN RAFAEL, May 27. — What was
regarded by the San Rafael Red Cross
League as a scheme to reap a golden
harvest at the expense of the patriot
ism now swelling In the public breast
was punctured to-day by the ladles
comprising the league. For the past
few days the show-windows of njany
stores have been filled with placards
in flaring blue type, with a red cross
in the center, stating that the Califor
nia Theater Stock Company would pro
duce Ouida's play, "Moths," next
Tuesday evening for the benelH of the
Red Cross Sbclety of San Rafael. Some
space has also been devoted by the
local papers to the subject, Frederick
Paulding and Phosa McAllister, the
well-known histrionic artists, being
named as among those who would take
part in the cast. This morning the
executive committee of the San Rafael
Red Cross Society held a meeting and
unanimously adopted the following re
solution:
"Resolved, That the Red Cross So
ciety of San Rafael disclaims any inter
est in or responsibility for the produc
tion of the play 'Moths' at the Opera
house Tuesday evening. May 31, and
the secretary is directed to publish
this resolution in the Daily 7 vening
Journal and in the Tocsin.
"EMMA C. ANGELLOTTI,
'^Secretary Red Cross Society of San
Rafael."
General Clay Gets a Pension.
WASHINGTON, May 27.— At the night
session the House passed twenty-eight
pension bills, and in committee of the
whole considered a large number of relief
and private pension measures. Among
the bills passed was one granting a pen-
Bion of $25 a month to General Cassius M.
Clay of Kentucky and another giving a
pension of $30 to the widow of Brigadier-
Geaerai Daniel McCauley.
BIG PANIC
AT HAVANA
There Was a Wild Rush
to Get Away.
EXORBITANT PRICES PAID.
BUT ONE-TENTH OF THOSE AP
PLYING ESCAPED.
Tood and Fuel Very Scarce at Cuba's
Capital and a Combined Land
and Sea Attack Hourly
Expected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 27. — Among the
twenty-seven passeng-ers which the i
British steamship Arecuna, chartered j
by the Ward line, brought here from
Mexican ports, were three families of
refugees from Havana. With many
others, they escaped from Havana to
Vera Cruz on the French steamer
Lafayette. The refugees are: Jose
Otero, his wife and five children; Al
fredo de la Ferte, wife and two chil
dren, and Mia. F. C. de Meranda. They
say the Lafayette tried to purchase
coal, but General Blanco would allow
none to be sold. The limited supply
now there is being guarded jealously,
and at night the city is in complete
darkness.
The electric plant has been shut
down, all factories where coal is used
as fuel are stopped, and the gas and
water works are forced to get along
with as little coal as possible. For this
reason water is scarce.
When the Lafayette sailed for Vera
Cruz there was a stampede to get out
of the city. Fully 15,000 Spaniards and
Cubans had obtained passports to j
leave, but exorbitant prices for pas- i
sage were demanded, and only a part ,
of them could afford to pay the rate I
asked. As it was, the Lafayette
took 1200 men, women and children
away from Havana— all that she was
able to. carry. There were thousands
left who, although willing to pay the
price asked, could not get passage, and
they ran about like mad men, offering
the fortunate ones twice the amount
they had paid for tickets.
A passenger named Xiques paid $1400
for passage for himself, wife and two
children. Many others paid as high as
$1000 each, and then they were com- j
pelled to sleep on the decks or wherever
they could find room to lie down. Three
miserable days were spent on the
Lafayette, with only a scanty allow
ance of food for each passenger. Nearly
all the passengers were wealthy Span
ish merchants in Havana and others
Cuban citizens.
Jose Otero .who brought his wife and
three daughters to this city, was for
merly connected with the city govern
ment in Havana. He said: "When
I left Havana it was said that the in
surgents were only fifteen miles from
the city, and at night the lights of their
camp fires could be seen burning in the
hills. From fear of bombardment by
the United States warships and attack
by the insurgents the city is panic- |
stricken, and a combined attack is
looked for every hour. Food is very
scarce and fresh meat can scarcely be
bought at any price. The blockade is
felt more by the poorer classes, and as
they are the ones who have been most
loyal to Spain the suffering among
them is the worst."
Mr. Otero would say little about the
Spanish troops in Cuba under General
Blanco, but from other passengers it
was learned that the army is about as
badly demoralized and panic stricken |
as the civilians. Ammunition is scarce j
and many of the troops are clothed in I
rags and without shoes. Rations are j
being doled out to them sparingly, but j
the soldiers watch carefully all places J
where provisions are known to be
stored and the authorities will not al
low private families to purchase sup
plies for more than one day at a time.
Senor de la Ferte Is a Cuban of
French descent, who owns a large plan
tation near Havana. He said he had j
brought his family here for safety un- i
til the war ie over, but at the outbreak :
of the rebellion Eduardo Garcia, the
manager of his plantation, had raised
a regiment of 1200 men from his and
neighboring plantations and joined the
'""When the Spanish soldiers heard of
it" said Senor de la Ferte, "they
marched upon my plantation, burn
ing and destroying everything above
ground. We only got away with our
1U Se S nor de la Ferte said he did not
think it was true that the steamer La
fayette had unloaded any arms or am
munition at Havana, or that some of
her passengers were French gunners
He s'\id the forts around Havana will
be able to make only a poor reply to a
bombardment. Although some of the
guns are modern and in good condition
the supply of powder and projectiles is
All the refugees were met at the
Ward line pier by Cuban friends living
in this city and given a Joyous wel
come. , _ .
Blaze at Berryessa.
SAN JOSE, May 27.— The general mer
chandise store at Berryessa. conducted
by John Shaw, was destroyed by flre this
morning. It is not known how the fire
originated, but it is believed to have been
Incendiary. The building belonged to the
Craycroft estate nnd was valued at $1500
ShlVa loss on- stock of goods is about
§500 with $3500 insurance. The Berry
i£sa postoffice. which occupied a part of
the building, was burned.
Our American Policy.
The policy of this country regarding foreign
complications seems likely to remain conser
vative The Monroe doctrine, according to
the declaration of our leading politicians, will
be sustained, but pati«ice and prudence in
official quarters wl.. restrain the exuberance
of public opinion. The wisest and most pru
dent course for the rheumatic and the ma
larious Is to use Hostetter's Stomach Bitters,
which also cures kidney complaint and ays
p«p*lß.
TROOPS IN
READINESS
TO INVADE
Will Be Sent to Cuba First
Instead of to Porto
Rico.
Forces to Be Moved From Key
West When Schley Reports Cer
vera's Fleet Locked Up.
NEW YORK, May 27.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Active preparations for the occupation
of both Cuba and Porto Rico are still
progressing, although Secretary Alger
does not yet feel fully convinced that
the Navy Department has definitely lo
cated the position of the" Spanish fleet.
It is the intention of the War Depart
ment to move troops from Key West to
Cuba as soon as Commodore Schley
reports to the Government that he has
the Spanish fleet safe in the harbor of
Santiago de Cuba.
Secretary Alger assured me this
morning that the report that the first
army movement would be made upon
Porto Rico was without foundation. He
admitted that much pressure has been
brought to bear upon the President to
first send an army of occupation to
Porto Rico before making any move on
Cuba, but he further intimated that
such a plan was contrary to the policy
of the administration. The advocates
of the Porto Rico scheme advance the
argument that owing to the vast
amount of ammunition that has been
lately sent to the Philippine Islands, a
large army of invasion would not be
fully supplied if sent immediately to
Cuba. The only foundation for this is
that some of the volunteers at Chicka
mauga are insufficiently provided with
ammunition at the present time. The
troops at Tampa and other southern
points, however, are reasonably well
supplied, and the Ordnance Department
promises to provide for the Chicka
mauga troops by the time they can
reach Tampa.
It has been found that it will be ne
WILL NOT BE
TRIED FOR HERESY
Presbyterian General Assembly Asks
Professor McGiffert to Change
His Views.
TVTXONA LAKE. Ind., May 27.— 8y a
large maiority, voting viva voce, the
Presbyterian General Assembly decided
this afternoon not to inaugurate another
heresy trial in the case of Professor Mc-
Giffert, but to ask him to withdraw if ne
cannot reconcile his views with the
church's standards. Professor Mcuiffert
was practically directed to act as Judge,
Jury and executioner upon nimseir. -me
action taken was in the adoption of the
following resolution, which was substi
tuted for the final paragraph of the report
of the committee on bills and overtures,
submitted on Wednesday:
"That the assembly, In a spirit of kind
ness no less than in devotion to truth,
counsels Professor McGiffert to reconsider
the questionable views set forth in h s
book and that if he cannot conform his
v£ws to the standards of our church,
thbn to peaceably withdraw from the
Presbyterian ministry."
PRISONERS HAVE
BEEN EXCHANGED.
Correspondents Thrall and Jones
Have Left Havana on
the Maple.
WASHINGTON. May 27.— The State
Department has been notified by Brit
ish Consul Gollan at Havana that the
exchange of prisoners has been effected
and the Maple, with Charles Thrall and
Havden Jones, the American corre
spondents, on loard, has sailed for Key-
West. _
PEACE UNION'S LETTER
ENRAGES PHILADELPHIANS.
The Society Will Be Ordered to Va
cate Its Quarters in Independ
ence Hall.
PHILADELPHIA, May 27.— At a
meeting of the City Council of Phila
delphia a resolution will be introduced
demanding that the Philadelphia
branch of the Universal Peace Union
vacate the quarters in Independence
Hall This action is the outcome of a
letter recently written by President
ADVERTISEMENTS. _^ .
!2 ,88 83 88 UBB 88 BSBB 82 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 S3 82 82 88 88 |
ss ■-.•":■ ' j ' '■• :: • • • 8
g How does it find you? Are you prepared to face ss
! & danger ? Are your nerves strong enough to carry you 25
88 through the perils of . battle ? * These are times that try g
188I 88 the nerves, and few men are prepared to meet the emer-
I 2 o-ency. The results of early mistakes and excesses are *•
a evident in the relaxed state of the nerves. They need g
1281 28 bracing ; they lack the snap and vim of youth. i
■ A GREAT BOOK FOR MEN. S:
88 Dr. Sanden, inventor of the famous nerve-builder, Dr. £5
g Sanden's -Electric Belt, has written a book, which he calls «
SS "Three Classes of Men," devoted to the weaknesses of «■■
88 men. If you would be a strong man you should read it. B
88 Dr. Sanden will send: it free upon request. It gives proof %
I of the great work Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is doing, is
8? Your happiness depends upon your strength. of nerve, so ».
8? get this book at once. Direct o.
I SANDEN ELECTRIC CO. * IMPORTANT NOTICE ■■*' « !
§ 702 «ar k9 t Street, Co^.r Ge.ry. San mncis,* ' W ™ K ' «li WU ' lUt SS
» or flpi. : hours— B a"m to's pi m.; '-Sundays. 10 > Dr. Sanden's offices *5
88 to L Branc"e7at lS" An^le.. Cal.. 204H South ;. are now ; at 702 Market ; SS
28 Broadway: Portland. Or.. 253 Washington st.; Street, corner Geary. , o»
p» Denver. Colo.. 831 Sixteenth st.; Dallas. Tex.. -_lII_L .  , ,: *.«5 .
** 285 Main st. . ' - * ■;,:/.,... .' ;., : . V^/.'iS'
«2 «2 «2 M»282?! 28 58 SS 88 88 88 888888888888888888
cessary to send the army to Cuba In
two divisions. If it is the intention of
the Government to waste no time in
making the forward movement against
Cuba, it will be impossible to obtain
the troop ships necessary to carry an
army of 75,000 men. to Cuba.
At the pi-esent timo the War Depart
ment has thirty-two first-class ships
in readiness to take men from Tampa,
New Orleans and Mobile to Key West.
A preliminary movement of troops to
the point of embarkation has already
begun. It will take not more than
twenty-four hours to make two trips
from Key West to the point of landing
in Cuba; that is, if the work is carried
on without unnecessary delay. It may
be necessary, however, to first send the
army now on the Gulf to Cuba on ac
count of the time needful to move men
from Chiekamagua to the point of em
barkation and delay the second move
ment for two or three days.
The plan of sending 10.000 men to cut
off supplies from the fleet of Admiral
Cervera is now under serious consider
ation. The plan is to land troops
eastward of Santiago de Cuba and have
them pet around behind the city and
starve the Spanish into submission.
Major-General Miles will leave
Washington for a tour of inspection to
morrow or Saturday. It is now un
derstood he will not command the Cu
ban army of invasion.
It was announced to-day that Mr.
Holland, the inventor of the submarine
boat of that name, was expected here
to-morrow to discuss with Captain
O'Neil, chief of ordnance, the feasibil
ity of using that novel craft in an at
tack upon the Spanish squadron at
Santiago if the vessels are still there.
Love of the Peace Union to Senor Sa
gasta and the Queen Regent of Spain,
advising that the Spanish Government
make further concessions to the United
States in order that the present war
might be brought to a speedy termina
tion and expressing the opinion that
the sentiment of the United States was
against the war.
The resolution, which will be intro
duced by George W. Edwards, de
nounces the "unpatriotic, un-American
and disgraceful expressions of opinion,
especially emanating from and under
the Independence Hall, the 'cradle of
American liberty." "
MEAT IS VERY
DEAR AT MANILA.
Beef Now Costs Two Dollars and a
Half a Pound and Is Very
Scarce at That.
HONGKONG, May 27.— The situation
at Manila is unchanred. The Insurg
ents are quiet. Beef costs $2 50 per
pound at Manila. The report that the
commander of the Spanish boat Callao
was tried by court-martial and shot for
not firing on the American ships which
captured the Callao is untrue.
EXONERATED BY A JTJBA.
Charges Against Justice Charles H.
Arnold Proved Groundless.
PASO ROBLES, May 27.— The case of
the people of the State of California vs.
Charles H. Arnold, which was on trial
before a jury at the town of Templeton
to-day upon a charge of collecting illegal
fees which complaint was sworn to by
Andrew Nelson, resulted in the acquittal
of Justice Arnold. This is a case where
the Justice collected under the fee bill of
1893. The Jury rendered the following:
We the Jury In the case of the People vb.
Charfes H Arnold, find the defendnnt not
guilty and we further find the prosecution la
malicious and uncalled for, anil would respect
fully ask the court to tax the prosecuting wit
ness with the costs of the court and that he
be ordered to pay the Jurors in this case the
sum of $2 per day for time served.
(Signed) J- C. GIBSON, Foreman.
Sebastopol's Rose Carnival.
SANTA ROSA, May 27.— Not to be out
done by larger towns, the juveniles of
Sebastopol have instituted a juvenile rose
carnivaU The little Queen. Miss Norma
Finlt^y was crowned on the main street
in the presence of a large throng of spec
tators. The two days festivity closed
with a parade of decorated vehicles.
34
SAN JUAN PREPARES
TO RESIST ATTACK
Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
ST. THOMAS, D. W. 1., May 27.— 1t is reported
that the authorities of San Juan sent to Martinique
for the torpedo-boat destroyer Terror and the hos
pital transport Alicante. Provisions were recently
landed at San Juan, and the town is determined to
firmly resist any attack that may be made upon it.
EBANKS PAYS
THE PENALTY
Hanged at San Quentin
Prison.
TWO MURDERS AVENGED.
NO EVIDENCE OF FEAR ON THE
GALLOWS.
His Crime the Killing of a Woman
and Her Aged Father in San
Diego County Nearly Three
Years Ago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN, May 27.— "N0, I
have nothing at all to say."
With these words, in response to a
query from a prison guard, Joseph
Japheth Ebanks, the San Diego mur
derer, stepped upon the deathtrap in
the execution chamber at 10:30 o'clock
this morning, and Hangman Amos
Lunt adjusted the noose about his neck.
One quietly spoken word, "Good-by,"
to his spiritual comforter. Rev. Father
Lagan; then the black cap was drawn
over his features, the hangman lifted
his hand, and Ebanks shot through
the trap in expiation of his crime. Life
was pronounced extinct by the physi
cians in ten minutes and thirty sec
onds.
The execution was witnessed by few
people, mostly guards, newspaper men
and several citizens of San Francisco
and San Rafael. Drs. E. E. Hill and J.
L. Zabala, of the Harbor Hospital,
were present by invitation of Prison
Physician Lawler, while Dr. Paul Alex
ander of San Anselmo was present by
invitation of Warden Hale.
Ebanks retired early last night and
seemed to sleep soundly, but was up
and dressed in his convict apparel at 4
o'clock. This garb was changed to cit
izen's clothing at 8 o'clock. Shortly be
fore Father Lagan arrived at 10 o'clock,
Warden Hale entered the doomed man's
cell and started to read the death war
rant. Ebanks grew impatient and said
he cared to hear no more before the
reading was a fourth finished. He re
mained in close consultation and pray
er with Father Lagan until the time
came to mount the scaffold. Preceded
by the priest, chanting the rites of the
church, the murderer, supported by a
guard on each side, ascended the steps
with a firm tread. His face was slight
ly flushed and it could be seen that he
was under a strong tension, but, in the
current slang of the day, he died
"game."
After the drop, Drs. H. J. Partridge
and F. Jones counted the heartbeats.
They ceased in ten and a half minutes.
After the body was cut down Ebanks'
neck was found to have been broken by
the fall. Under Father Lagan's direc
tion. Coroner Eden of San Rafael re
moved the body to his undertaking
parlors, whence it will be taken to
Mount Olivet Cemetery for burial.
The crime for which Ebanks forfeited
Ills life was the murder of Mrs. Harriet
Stiles, aged 60, and her father, aged 85,
both of Riverside, near Oceanside, San
Diego County, on September 10, 1895.
The evidence was purely circumstan
tial, but so damaging that the jury,
without much delay, brought in a ver
dict of guilty. His execution was de
layed until this time by legal technical
ities and appeals to the State and Uni
ted States Supreme Court, the same
procedure being followed as in the
case of Durrant.
The murderer was 33 years of age,
and though born in England, was
reared in the West Indies, where he
had a wife and three children. Negro
blood flowed in his velnß.
Ebanks protested his Innocence to
the last, though singularly enough he
admitted that his fate was just on ac
count of his having disobeyed Injunc
tions received at his mother's knee.
ARMY OF ARGONAUTS
STARTS FOR KLONDIKE.
Twelve Thousand Men Leaving
Lakes Bennett and Tagish En
Route to Dawson.
TACOMA, May 27.— Twelve thousand
men, 4000 boats and 10.000 tons of outfits
are now leaving Lakes Bennett and
Tagish for Dawson and vacating the Im
mense boatyards at the lakes. The price
of lumber and boats has fallen. The
Canadian Government is opening a water
way between Lakes Linderman and Ben
nett.
M. ROCHEFORT STRUCK
ON THfc RIGHT HAND.
Outcome of a Duel Which He Fought
With Former Socialist
Deputy Richard.
PARTS, May 27.— As an outcome of an
election dispute M. Henri Rochefort, the
editor of l'lntransigeant, and M. Ger
ault Richard, the former Socialist Dep
uty, fought a duel to-day. M. Rochefort
was pricked on his right hand.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
No tub, no sponge,
no luffa, no rag, al-
most no w r ater —
Pears' soap a cent's
worth — luxury.
WHO STOLE
MADERA'S COIN?
Startling- Theory of a
| Detective.
i
DISCREDITS ROBBERY TALE
ACCUSES THE DEPUTY TAX
COLLECTOR.
Believes Evidence of a Hold-Up Was
Created to Hide a Large Short
age in the Official
Accounts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, May 27.— 1t Is said revela-
I tions of a sensational character will be
brought to light in a few days in con
' nection with the alleged Madera rob
bery- On the morning following the re
ported looting of the safe, after Deputy
Tax Collector William Krohn was said
to have had a desperate encounter with
two masked robbers. District Attorney
Larew sent for Private Detective John
Curtin, and the latter has been working
on the case since. He Is not yet in a
position to make known the result of
his investigation, but this much has
; been gfren out: A revelation will be
i made In a few days which will create
I a sensation such as Madera has not
j experienced for many days.
District Attorney Larew said to-night
i to a Call representative, over a tele
phone wire, that the views of the al
i leged robbery entertained by himself
! and Detective Curtin were widely dlf
! ferent from the published reports.
I Further than that Mr. Larew did not
i care to say anything at the present
! time.
Mr. Curtin was more communicative.
; He has a theory, which is given for
what it is worth. He says he does not
! believe there were any desperadoes in
i the office at all, and that all evidences
of a terrible conflict were created by
1 Krohn himself in an effort to give his
I robbery story a plausible aspect. He
j believes the Deputy Collector was fak
; ing unconsciousness and says that all
j the wounds were superficial, and, he
had no doubt, were self-inflicted. He
| also discredits the story that Krohn
tells about the attempt to lock him in
the safe, of the fight for his life and the
hurling of missiles at the robbers, cut
ting one of them.
But the strongest point in Curtin's
opinion is the fact that there was not
$8000 in the safe that night, nor an
amount like that. The Tax Collector
was supposed to bank frequently, and
on the 7th day of May he made a de
posit.
It is said that Krohn is not danger
ously ill, as reported.
Detective Curtin gives it as his be
lief that defalcations to the amount of
$8000 will be brought to light, and the
shortage, he thinks, will extend back
several years and will cover more than
one administration. lie has not been
able to find anything against young
Krohn's reputation. Krohn did not
spend money for liquor, did not gamble,
and, in fact, was engaged in nothing
that would consume much money. The
deputy was practically conducting the
office, as the Tax Collector is engaged
in business and turned over the office
to his brother. Further than signing
papers the Tax Collector did no work
in the office.
One of the peculiar features of the
mystery is that young Krohn is not be
lieved to be short to any great extent.
Curtin believes he attempted to shield
all parties, sacrificing himself In the
attempt.
CORNERING THE BRITISH
COLUMBIA HAY MARKET
Rival Speculators Have Already Ad
vanced the Price to Eighteen
Dollars a Ton.
VANCOUVER, May 27. --The oat market
of t"he province has been sucessfully cor
nered, and now an attempt Is being made
to corner the hay market. Two forces
are at work — Chicago operators repre
sented by J. P. AicLaughlin and a large
firm in San Francisco, represented by one
Jardine. The latter has t>een to Victoria
and Vancouver and is now at Seattle. His
purchases are said to be very heavy and
competitive buying between him and the
Chicago people has advanced the price
already to $18.
Jardine is said to have stated while here
that the California hay crop waH a com
plete failure. If he cannot set a big
price here he will take the hay to San
Francißco.
There is not fifty tons of hay for sale In
the province now, and the fight is very
bitter between the opposing speculators.
One Councilman Too Many.
VISALIA, May 27.— This city has six
Councilmen, when it should have but five,
and there is trouble among the members
of the Council as a result. It arose on
account of the absence of W. H. Ham
mond in England. He was elected a mem
ber of the Council recently, but has not
returned in time to qualify. Governor
Budd was requested to appoint R. F.
Roth to fill the vacancy, which he did.
But Charles G. Lamberson, a member of
the old Council, says Governor Budd has
no right to appoint and that he will hold
office until his successor is elected and
qualified. Mr. Lamberson is a prominent
lawyer and thinks he's right. Mr. Roth
is also a leading lawyer and knows he's
right. The courts will be asked to set
tle the difference of opinion.
Would Protect the Quail.
MONTEREY, May 27.— The quail of
Monterey County have not paired this
season, owing to the scarcity of food for
birds, and there will consequently be no
increase in numbers. Sportsmen are
rreatly exercised for fear promiscuous
killing In the coming year will extermin
ate quail in this whole section, and a pe
tition is being circulated for signatures
asking the County Board of Supervisors
to pass an ordinance prohibiting the kill
ing of quail during the year.
Sent Fraudulent Contracts.
MODESTO, May 27.— W. E. Green, who
was charged with having sent to the main
office fraudulent and forged contracts for
eales of Singer sewing machines, was
found guilty In the Superior Court this
afternoon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 28, 1898.
ORNAMENT IS
THE FAVORITE
Brooklyn Handicap to
Be Run To-Day.
TRACK MAY BE HEAVY
JOCKEY SLOAN WILL RIDE THE
SON OF ORDER.
Howard Mann, Sly Fox, Ben Holli
day and Tillo Are Looked Upon
as Dangerous Factors
in the Race.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 27.— The Brook
! lyn handicap will be the racing event
of to-morrow. Ornament Is the favor
ite in the contest for the $10,000 purse,
though he will carry the top weight of
j 127 pounds. He will have the advan
j tage of being piloted by Tod Sloan,
j which means that he will be helped
j several pounds. The weather is un
j certain and the track may be heavy.
Of the "mud larks" not the least is
j Howard Mann. Sly Fox, which is
I practically "thrown in" at ninety-six
| pounds, is looked upon as one of the
I dangerous horses. Ben Holliday, sec
ond on the list as regards weight, will
have some support. "Tiny" "Williams
will pilot Tillo and will probably make
a brave showing in the race.
One candidate, which has not attract
ed much attention, is On Deck, which
as a two-year-old, showed himself to
be possessed of both speed and game
ness.
Semper Ego, Dr. Catlett, Lehmann,
Don d'Oro, Ben Eder, Merry Prince,
Royal Stag, Handball and Our Johnny
all have sanguine friends and stanch
| supporters. _
BACED IN THE MUD.
Downpour of Rain. Upsets Calcula
tions at St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, May 27.— A heavy downpour
of rain set in Just before the fourth race
to-day at the Fair grounds.
Plx furlongs, selling — Siddubla •won, Jim Hogg
second. .St. Augustine third. Time, 1:15>4-
For two-year-old fillies, four and a half fur
longs—Flying Btfd won, Arellne C second. Ce
leste dOr third. :56%.
One mile, selling— Tole Simmons won, L,.ba
tion second, Dudley X third. .Timi\ 1:42.
Six furlongs— Timemaker won. Abuse second,,
Miss Verne third. Time. 1:16.
Six furlongs, selling— McAlb-rt won. Protus
second, Minnie Weldon third. Time, 1.18.
Plx and a half furlongs. sellini?--Al!sa.\ won.
Judge Pubose second, ISwec-t WHtttm third.
Time. 1:26\».
CINCINNATI, May 27.— Weather fine;
track fast.
Five furlongs, selling— Rannle won. Norma
Taylor second. Donna Belle third. Time, 1:02 V
Seven furlongs— J. A. Gray won. Opaque sec
ond Banished third. Time, 1:27.
Five furlongs— King Carnival won, Estabrooks
second. Lola Murray third. Time, l:0I\.
Six furlongs, selling— George Kratz won.
Marlto second, Broadmarker third. Time, 1:16V4.
One mile, selling— Rifle won, Calleon second,
Charina third. Time. l:43Vi.
Six furlongs, selling— Brightle R won. Mari
etta second. Teuoer third. Time. 1:16.
CHICAGO, May 27.— Weather fine and
track fast.
Six furlongs— First Call won. Morinl second,
Malarhl Hogan third. Time, 1:18.
Plx furlongs— Julia Hazel won, Weir second.
Cotton third. Tim*, l:l7^i.
Five furlongs— Espirage won. The Hub Bec
ond. Hadrian third. Time, 1:03.
Seven furlongs— Millie M. won, Xathanson,
second. Globe II third. Time, 1:30.
One mile— Jackanapes won. Lizzie Cavalier
Fcnond, Candleblack third. Time. 1:42 5 ;.
Pfven furlongs — Harry Shannon won, Floron
so second, Molo third. Time. 1:29 V*.
WINDY CITY ORPHANS
PASS THE ORIOLES.
Baltimore Again Loses and Drops to
the Foot of the First
Division.
NATIONAL. LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pot. i Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..23 7 .767 1 Ptttsburg ...17 16 .015
Cleveland ...23 S .742 \ Brooklyn ...11 15 .423;
Boston 20 12 .625 Philadelphia 10 17 .370
New Y0rk. ..17 13 .587; Louisville ...11 22 .333
Chicago 17 13 .567 St. Ixjuls 9 20 .310
Baltimore ...14 12 .538; Washington. 7 23 .233
CLEVELAND. May 27.— 80 th Baltimore
and Cleveland played a stiff, steady game
to-day— that is, Baltimore did in all the
Innings except the first, which lost the
game. Attendance 800. Score:
Clubs— R. 11. E.
Cleveland 4 8 0
Baltimore .....^.v;.;r.v;;..^...v....... 17 2
Batteries— Young and Ztmmer; Nops and
Clarke. Umpires— Lynch and Connelly. ..
PITTSBUBG, May 27.— The contest to
day was a splendid exhibition of how mis
erably the national game can be played
by professionals. Attendance 2500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Plttsburg 8 10 7
Washington 3 7 8
Batteries — Tannehlll and Schrlver; Weyhlnjc
and McGulre. — 3wartwood and, Wood.
CINCINNATI. May 27.— The Giants
played miserably. Attendance 3300. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati .....13 11 ," > 3
New York ...... 4 9 8
• Batteries— Dammann and Vaughan; Doheny
and Warner. ij Umpires — Emslie and Andrews.
CHICAGO, May 27.— The Quakers were
unable to hit Griffith at the right time,
while the locals treated Plait's delivery
just the reverse. Attendance 3000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 8 10 3
Philadelphia 2 8 8
Batteries— Griffith and Donahue: Piatt and
McFarland. Umpires— Snyder and Curry.
LOUISVILLE, May 27.— The Bostons
could neither bat nor field and the Col
onels had a walkover. Klobedanz lasted
but four innings. Attendance 1200. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville --.14 13 3
Boston 3 6 6
Batteries— Dowllng and Snyder: Klobedanz,
Stlvetts and Bergen. Umpires— McDonaH and
ffDay.
ST. LOUIS, May 27.— Brooklyn game
postponed on account of rain.
OAKS SIAKES AT EPSOM.
Rich Purse Captured by the Brown
Filly Airs and Graces.
LONDON, May 27.— The Duke of Port
land's brown filly Airs and Graces, by
Ayreshire, out of Lady Alwyne, won the
Oaks stakes of 4500 sovereigns at Epsom
to-day. The betting previous to the start
was 100 to 8 against Airs and Graces, even
money against Nun Nicer second and 33
to 1 against Cauliflower third. Fourteen
horses ran. Distance about a mile and a
half.
Golf Championship Series.
LIVERPOOL, May 27.— 1n the final tie,
first round, of the thirteenth annual ama
teur golf championship contest to-day at
Hoylake. F. G. Tait of the Black Watch
led S. Mulre Ferguson of the Royal Aid
Ancient Club by three holes up.
ENDS LIFE WITH A BULLET.
Suicide of Frank H, Poindexter, a
Los Angeles Expert Accountant.
LOS ANGELES. May 27.— Prank H.
Poindexter, an expert accountant, com
mitted suicide this morning by shootingr
himself in the head. The act was com
mitted in his office in the Stimeon block.
He was a brother of R. W. Poindexter of
the well known firm of Poindexter &
Wadsworth, financial agents.
Poindexter had T>een despondent for
some time over the condition of his wife,
who is not expected to live, owing to a
complicated illness. She has a son living
in San Francisco.
CITY OF SITKA
PROBABLY LOST
Alaskan Schooner Long
Missing.
SAILED TEN WEEKS AGO
.
TWO WHITES AND a CHINESE
ABOARD.
Knew Nothing of the Northern Wa
ters and Encountered Rough
Weather at the
Outset.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, May 27.— The little Alas
kan schooner City of Sitka has been
I given up as lost and three lives are
j believed to have been sacrificed. Ten
| weeks ago the schooner left Sitka for
I Fort Wrangel with three men aboard.
| They were Herman Thomas, T. H. Bale
and Ah Poy, a Chinaman. The schooner
was never reported after leaving the
Sitka harbor, and the friend 3of the
men who sailed on her believe 6he went
| down.
T. H. Bale and Herman Thomas, the
; white men on the schooner, were not
i acquainted with Alaskan waters and
, knew little about sailing a schooner.
j They engaged the City of Sitka for a
j trip to Fort Wrangel, where they hoped
to obtain work. Ah Poy, the China
man, wanted- to go down to Wrangel to
get a Job cooking. None of the three
knew anything about the inland pas
sage, and their friends tried to dissuade
them from making the trip.
No news of the wreck of the schooner
has been received, and the Sitka people
are now talking of sending a search
party to determine its fate. It is be
j lieved the vessel struck a rock some
j where in the inland na&jage during the
I bad weather early in March. If so all
j hands went down with the boat, or they
j would have communicated with Sitka
i before this.
It is not an infrequent thing in the
northern waters for a small expedition
like the one on the City of Sitka to start
out and never be heard from again.
Many men have lost their lives during
the past winter in this way and the
fact has never been recorded.
CENTENNIAL NOW FLIES
THE STARS AND STRIPES.
Newly Acquired Transport Will
Leave Seattle for San Fran
cisco This Afternoon.
SEATTLE, May 27.— The steamship
Centennial now flies the stars and
stripes. She has been accepted by the
United States Government as a trans
port for the carrying erf troops to the
Philippines, and will sail some time
to-morrow afternoon for San Fran
cisco. This evening: and last night an
armed guard of six men In the uniform
of the Government patrolled the Cen
tennial to prevent possible attack or
meddling; by Spanish emissaries. Every
precaution was taken by Captain Rob
inson, the assistant quartermaster who
has charge of the vessel, to prevent in-
Jury to her machinery or hull.
Captain B. B. Whitney of this city
has been selected by the owners of the
Centennial as her master on the long
voyage to Manila. Captain Whitney is
an experienced nevlgator. He assumed
his duty as master of the vessel to-day.
The Centennial's bunkers are filled with
-coal, enough to last her to Manila,
where she will obtain a new supply.
Two barges laden with coal which the
Quartermaster Department recently
purchased in British Columbia lay
alongside the Centennial, and from
these her supply was taken.
On her arrival at San Francisco the
Centennial will be turned over to Major
Long, U. S. A., the officer in charge of
the Quartermaru-r's Department in San
Francisco. She will be able to carry
800 men and officers and their baggage
annd effects t«r Manila.
The Centennial will go in company of
a fleet of transports, including the
steamships Ohio. China, Zealandia,
Nlng Chow and Peter Jebsen (renamed
the Brutus). The Ohio will probably
join the fleet of transports at San
Francisco within two or three days
after the Centennial's arrival there.
The Ohio is at present lying at anchor
in Elliott Bay, but is expected to begin
taking on coal to-morrow morning. Her
nominal passenger capacity is 600. but
she will be fitted to take at least 200
more than this number.
MEDALS FOR DEWEY
AND HIS BRAVE MEN
The House Passes the Senate Resolu
tion to Honor the Heroes
of Manila Bay.
WASHINGTON, May 27.— 1n the
House to-day the Senate resolution au
thorizing the Secretary of the Navy fo
present a sword of honor to Commo
dore De-wey and to cause to be struck
bronze medals commemorating the bat
tle of Manila Bay and to distribute
them to the officers and men of thfr
Asiatic squadron was passed unani
mously, without debate.
♦v. A US and L nay vote was taken upon
the bill undisposed of when adjourn
ment was taken yesterday to amend the
internal revenue law relating to bond
age and outage periods of distilled
spirits. The bill passed by 132 to 65
votes.
Upon motion of Dingley the House
agreed to adjourn to-day to Tuesday,
Monday being Decoration Day.
The House passed the bill to pay the
heirs of John Roach, deceased, $28,160
for the completion of the dispatch boat
Dolphin.
FOUR PRIZES CONDEMNED;
TWO ORDERED RELEASED
Decision of the United States Court
in the Cases of Captured
Steamships.
KEY WEST, May 27.— 1n the United
States Circuit Court Judge Locke ren
dered decisions In the case of the six
Spanish steamships seized during the
first days of the Cuban blockade. These
included the most valuable prizes taken
since the war began. The Catalina and
the Miquel Jover were released, both
vessels and cargoes. The Pedro and
Guido were condemned and forfeited.
The Buena Ventura and the Panama
were condemned and forfeited. The
cargo of the Buena Ventura, being neu
tral property, is. to be restored to its
owner and it is protected by the Presi
dent's proclamation. The question of
the Panama's cargo is taken und*r ad
visement. In the cases of the Pearo,
Guido, Buena Ventura and Panama the
owners, through their attorneys, served
notice of appeal.
The new Grand Jury; not what the Star
says. •
HAWAII'S TENDER
TO UNCLE SAM
If Accepted It May Involve This
Country in a Serious Con
troversy With Europe.
NEW YORK, May 27. — The Washington correspondent of the
Herald says: No official confirmation has yet been received here of the
dispatch from Honolulu saying that the Hawaiian Government has ten
dered the islands to the United States as a base of supplies and is await
ing a reply from Washington. The official dispatches are probably on
their way by mail from San Francisco.
The Hawaiian Government practically made this offer, however, in
the last mail received from Honolulu, when assurances were given to the
United States that the islands could be used in any way tha might be
desired to further the United States' success in the war with Spain. It
may be that the steamer which arrived at San Francisco to-day con
veyed a still more specific proposition from the Hawaiian Government.
At any rate, the United States proposes to make use of the islands as a
base of supplies, though some of the officials fear that they may get into
grave complications by so doing.
It was pointed out to me to-night that the United States had already
called upon other Governments and had insisted upon the strictest ob
servance of neutrality, and it was suggested that if the United States
should now proceed to use a neutral country as a military base some
European power like Germany, which has not yet declared neutrality,
might extend similar favors to Spain that the United States is receiving
from Hawaii, and involve the United States in a very serious controversy
with the German empire.
BRIGADIERS
NOMINATED
Stars for Army Officers
and Civilians.
GENERALS FOR VOLUNTEERS.
HARBISON GRAY OTIS IS IN THE
BATCH.
Signal Corps Appointments Made
and a Miscellaneous Lot of Staff
Officers Are Also
Named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, May 27.
The President to-day sent these nom
inations to the Senate:
To be brigadier-generals: Colonel Rob-
I crt H. Hall, Fourth United States Infan
try; Colone. Edwin V. Suraner, Eighth
United States Cavalry; Coionel Peter C.
Hainers, Corps of Engineers; Colonel G.
Gillespie, Corps of Engineers: Colonel
Marks P. Miller, Third United States Ar
tillery; Lieutenant-Colonel Jacob Kline.
Twenty-first United States Infantry;
Lieutenant-Colonel Osward H. Ernest.
Corps of Engineers; Lieutenant-Colonel
Lloyd Wheaton, Twentieth United States
Infantry; Colonel Arthur Mac Arthur, as
sistant adjutant-general ; Lieutenant-Colo
nel Henry Hasbrouck, Fourth United
States Artillery; Lieutenant-Colonel John
C. Gilmore, assistant adjutant-general;
Lieutenant-Colonel Wallace F. Randolph,
Third United States Artillery; Major
Joseph P. Sanger, inspector-general; Fred
erick D. Grant of New York. One Hun
dred and Forty-fourth New York Volun
teer Infantry; Harrison Gray Otis of Cali
fornia; Henry M. Duffield of Michigan;
Charles King of "Wisconsin; Lucius F.
Hubbard of Minnesota; George A. Garret
son of Ohio; William A. Gordon of
Georgia; John M. Wiley of Pennsylvania;
William A. Bancroft of Massachusetts;
William J. McKee of Indiana; Francis V.
Green© of the Seventy-first New York
Volunteer Infantry; Charles Fitzsimmons
of Illinois; Joseph Hudson of Kansas;
Joseph Rush Lincoln of Iowa; Michael V.
Sheridan, U. S. A., assistant adjutant
general.
Signal Corps: To he captain, John B.
Inmiin of Illinois; George W. Butler of
Maine; Thomas F. Clark of Massachu
setts; First Lieutenant Gustav W. Ste
vens, Sixth United States Artillery; Frank
Lyman Jr. of Iowa; George R. Gyger of
Ohio; Frank L. Martin of California;
Frederick T. Leigh of New York.
To be first lieutenants: Charles E. Pel
lew of New York; George H. Tilley of
Montana; Howard D. Coe of Ohio; Charles
Martinof Illinois; Patrick W. Crawford of
Arkansas; Charles E. Walker of Maine;
Alvar G. Thompson of New York; Ed
ward W. Winfield of Arkansas
To be second lieutenants: William E.
Davis of Montana; Joseph D. Wood of
Ohio; Elmer Lee of Arkansas; Don A.
Palmer of Minnesota: Walter S. Volkman.
sergeant. Signal Corps: Charles Kil
bourne Jr. of Oregon; Albert J. Dillon of
Florida; Frank P. Tate of Tennessee;
William Mitchell of Wisconsin.
First Lieutenant William R. Simple.
Thirteenth United States Infantry, to be
assistant adjutant-general with the rank
of captain.
To be assistant quartermasters with
rank of captain: Cyril W. Kin* of Iowa;
L. V. Williams of Ohio; Edward E. Rob
bins of Pennsylvania.
To be commissary of subsistence with
rank of captain: John F. Whitemore of
Pennsylvania. _ .
To be assistant paymaster: Benj.nmin
Havens of Indiana; Charles B. Houghton
of Connecticut.
CHINESE MOB LOOTS
AN AMERICAN MISSION.
It Is Supposed That the Members
Escaped, but Protection Has
Been Demanded.
Copyrighted, 189S, by James Gordon Bennett.
HONGKONG, May 27.— 0n "Wednes
day a Chinese mob looted and burned
the American mission at Tong Chow,
near "Wuchowfu. It is supposed that
Mr. Glover and other members of the
mission escaped. E. C. Bedloe, United
States Vice-Consul at Canton, has re
quested the Viceroy to dispatch troops
to quiet the outbreak against "mis
sionaries.
WILL OF SIGNOR
NICOLINI FILED
Leaves One-Half of His Rich Estate
to His Widow, Mme.
Patti.
LONDON, May 27.— The will of the late
Slgnor Ernesto Nlcollni, husband of Mme.
Patti, who died on January 18 last at Rau,
France, was probated to-day. The estate
Is valued at £41,021 sterling.
It has been announced that the late
Signor Nicolini left the sum of $100,000 to
his widow, Adelina Patti, and the re
mainder to his three children by hia
first marriage. Mme. Patti, it was added,
renounced the legacy.
Salinas Republican Club.
SALINAS. May 27.— A Young Men's Re
publican Club was organized here last
night with over 100 names on the roll. The
officers elected were: F. E. McCollum,
president; A. L. McCandliss, secretary;
B. G. Tognazzi, treasurer. Those State
convention delegates were chosen: L. U.
Grant, A. B. Jackson, W. A. Treat. J. R.
Ilebbron, F. E. McCollum, L. H. Garri
gus, D. Stirling, J. B. Bennett, Fred Pe
tersen and C. A. O'Dell.
PACIFIC GROVE'S CONFERENCE.
Scholarly Discourses Delivered Ba
fore the Christian Students.
PACIFIC GROVE, May 27.— The work
of the Pacific Coast Students' Conference
was prosecuted with growing interest to
day, and the various lectures were well
attended by the students. In an outline
of the history of Young Men's Christian
Association work among college men, C.
K. Ober, field secretary of the interna
tional committee, showed how the work
had grown during the past twelve years,
and said that while last year $12,000 cov
ered expenses, this year the greater work
would require at least $17,000. In the Mis
sionary Institute the topics for discussion
were "Financial Support of Missions"
and "The Students' Volunteer Movement."'
A large subscription toward the coming
year's expenses was raised among the
students during the financial session.
After the lecture by G. C. Hiekener con
cerning association literature and the
Bible instruction by H. B. Sharman, the
address of Rev. E. L. Chapman, D.D.,
president of the California Anti-Saloon
League, was delivered. Dr. Chapman took
the somewhat odd subject of "The Honest
Doubter." and gave a scholarly discourse
upon the person who honestly believes he
does not believe.
To-day was the banner day, athletically,
of the entire conference, being the inter
collegiate field day. Some leading Pacific
Coast athletes contested for the day's
honors and some records were made
Preparing for July 4.
SAXTA ROSA. May 27.-A committee
of citizens has been appointed to ar
range for a monster celebration in Santa
Rosa on the Fourth of July. At that
time the Veterans' Association of Sono
ma and Napa counties will be in camp
here and will jo!n in the celebration
/ LIFE\
A life tbat is one continual
worry because of weakness
and puniness is scarcely worth;
the living. But in this day you
need no longer be depressed if
you are worn out or have your
strength depleted. A puny
roan's existence is rrjarKed by
fear and gloom, by restless
nights, and oft clammy
sweats; by a consciousness
that he is only Ijalf a roan.
He has little or no pleasure,
ar>d wr;at he has is less day
by day. It matters not what
has brought on the sad state
of affairs — the follies of early
days, or the abuse, instead of
the use of, some of nature's '
gifts.
AND
Yet there are men who con-
tinue to live this sort of half
life, when they roight be bright
and full of fire and big
strength again, "Hudyan"
has restored to no less than
20,000 men their lost vitality.
It does this because it is na-
ture's own remedy. It stops
all the depletion in a weeK.
and then nature at once be-
gins to reassert herself. Write
and asK for absolutely free
circulars and testimonials giv-
ing you full information as to
wf;at it can do aQd will do for
you. Act to-day. Get rid of
gloom. Be a man again, and
a whole manly man, too. A
perfect roan is an object to "
\LOVE/
"Watch those little ulcers in the mouth
and the falling out of hair. Loosening
teeth, too, and any sign of blood taint.
The moment you discover the slightest
s! srn, write for "30-day blood cure" circu-
lars. Like "Hudyan" testimonials, they
are quite free. . The system is perma-
nently and rapidly cleared of all traces of
the poison. - "
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS., \
San Francisco.
___^^
GEOiriiERDOKE
BUSINESS
DIRECTORY
and PURCHASERS' GUIDE
To Responsible Merchants,
Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters Wholesale Traders,
Jobbers, Insurance and Real
Estate Agents.
In Corresponding With Any of the Following
■ ; Lv?:r. Firms Please Mention "The Call."
ART GLASS.
California Art Glass. Bending and Cutting
Works, 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear.
Embossing. Staining, Beveling. Wm.
Schroeder, Pres. Telephone Main 868.
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
rriHE P. ROSSI CO., Importers of High-Class Fnr-
i- niture, French Cabinets, Marble Statuary, Etc., 117
Sutler street.
AUCTIONEERS. 1
Live Stock V II ITO C. fft 11 Montgomery St..
Auctioneers. IMLLdI •»* vll 1 San Francisco.
BELTING.
LP nrfiFN Manufacturer of Belting and
. r. ULULiI, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sipn St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
Agent for Rubber Belting and Packing.
BOILER MAKERS.
94 *=» W. J. Brady's Patent
li li DETACHABLE
ni- 4* MUD DRUM
l^jßßWte for Steam Boilers,
w "■mi' '"iTjffinl^^ Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
, Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
■ Telephone Main 5045. •
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO HEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
BOOKBINDERS.
JD. MpTWTVDF Bookbinder and Printer,
Ji D. 1111111 1 1 fill. 422 Commercial street.
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox, Supt. H. Blyth, Mgrr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18.
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
DRAYAGE.
McNAB & SMITH.
Draymen, Mercantile Warehouse. k.
Stands— 2os Davis St. and Corner Fifth
and Bluxome Sts. Telephone, Main 1872.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
BEDINGTON & CO. s s o c n co s n ti an T d ef tt i Yen -
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS RftYFS £ C(\ Shipping Butchers, 108
JAO DIM CO ff till, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co., lmporters & Dealers
in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS, 135 Sutter St.,
San Francisco. Telephone .Main 917.
LIME JUICE AND CORDIALS
MADE purely of limes and lemons In bottles
and cases. L. G. Sresovlch Co., 521 Sansome at.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO.,
IVILLHITILI I L 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock. ,„ '■•%". v
PIANO and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
• 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairers. ■
REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
REAL ESTATE." RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery st.
SOAP.
GD I ITfV X- fft m California street,
i 11, LIWI (X WUi, room 37. Tel. Main 1661.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic PARTRTDfJF 306 Call
Codes. rj\.l\A.S\LLf\3l!*, f ornla St.
TAILOR AND IMPORTER.
Rooms rmCRIICC ciaus Spreckels
407. 408, 409, 410 VllAj DLIjJ Uldg., 4th Floor.
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States Type Foundry, successors
to Hawks & Shattuck. The Home Industry
House, 008 Clay st.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses.
General office, 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
SEWINQ MACHINES.
"nniICOTIP" Pw-eminently the machln.fof
UUmLOIIU family use. 1021 Market strsst,
near Sixth.
The Weekly Call.
o/ It Publishes the Cream of th»
i News of the Week and
!o< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
«J ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
c- PAPER ON THE t
_J PACIFIC COAST
©< __-
©/ \ ' / ~*
5 The Best \ / Mining
j Telegraphic \ y / News That
°\ Service on /n. Is Accurate
ex The Coast / \& up to data
-
o{ Not a Line of It Sensational
q/ or Faky, and Not a Line of
2 it Dry or Uninteresting.'
O( Bright, Clean, I A Champ of
} Thoughtful. Truth.
3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
3 ALL THE TIME.
3 IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
) HOME MAIL, 51.59
<=X INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
illl!l!JiJMi]l
m HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper-
■ Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores, Dicers D
■In Mouth, Hair-FalUn*? Write COOK It KM- 9
■ EDYCO., 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- fl
W C AGO, ILL., , for ; proof of cures. Capital D
Q $500,000."; Worst cases cured la li to Si dayst H
H 100-page Worst cases cured iv L> to 36 day*, a
luo-pag-e boos frea
£jL>*M^ INJECTION.
I A PERMANENT CURE I
- , » ,: of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea #
jl'and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 5 •.
•\t days ;no other treatment required. .... -5 ■..■■■■
','ij»j''-i V-i ';;/•■* Sold by all drngieists. ; . . 5THE SECOND MANILA EXPEDITION
HARRISON G. OTIS GETS A COMMAND
Itie Los Angeles Editor Nominated for Brigadier-
General bu the President,
President McKlnley yesterday terminated the long fight In this State for
military honor, by sending to the Senate, among other nominations, the name
of Harrison Gray Otis to be brigadier general of California volunteers. The con
test for this distinction has been long and bitter, the three principal aspirants
being Major General John H. Dickinson, Brigadier General R. H. Warfield and
Colonel Otis. As none of them could command the support of the united Cali
fornia delegation, the President took the matter in his own hands and named his
friend and former comrade.
General Otis served with distinction throughout the rebellion, entering as a
private and rising by successive promotions through all the Intervening grades
to that of brevet lieutenant colonel of United States volunteers, this distinction
being confrrr.il upon him by the President "for gallant and meritorious ser
vices throughout the war." This promotion, as also that of brevet major, was
given him at the close of hostilities upon the recommendation of Major General
taftprward President) R. B. Hayes.
I'uring his forty-nine months' service In the field, General Otis took part !n
fifteen engagements, received two wounds in battle, gained seven promotions, and
commanded his regiment while yet a captain, being at the time thp senior offi
cer present for duty. His military service was rendered. in two of the proud
est of Ohio's regiments— first in the Twelfth Ohio Volunteers for three years,
ami afterward In the famous Twenty-third Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, to
which He was transferred In 1864 through the consolidation of the two com
mands. The Twelfth has its fame preserved in the archives of the War De
partment In the form of a battle roll embracing fourteen engagements, with
total losses in killed and wounded aggregating 556 officers and men. The Twen
ty-third participated in seventeen engagements, and lost In action, from first
to last, 567 officers and men killed and wounded, out of a total enrollment of 2230.
being more than 25 per cent. The Twenty-third Is classed in history with the
celebrated "Three hundred fighting regiments" whose military record is given
In < 'olonel Fox's work, "Regimental Losses In the American Civil War, IS6I
1565" — each of which 300 regiments lost over 130 officers and men killed and
wounded in action.
The original colonel of the Twenty-third Ohio was William S. Rosecrans; E.
P. Scammon succeeded him; Rutherford B. Hayes was the third colonel— each
being in turn promoted to a higher command. Stanley Matthews served for a
time as major, and subsequently became a Justice of the Supreme Court of
the T'nlted States. Robert P. Kennedy and "William C. Lyon were officers In the
regiment, and later became L'eutenant Governors of Ohio. Russell Hastings was
captain and then lieutenant colonel, served on the staff of General Hayes, and
was desperately wounded at the battle of Opequan. President William McKln
ley served as a private, commissar}' sergeant, and as a commissioned officer re-
Fpectively; he was breveted by the President, upon muster out, for gallant and
meritorious conduct throughout the conflict.
General Otis served in Rosecrans' first campaign In West Virginia <1861> , and
subsequently with the Kanawha division, Eighth Army Corps; the Army of
West Virginia, mountain department; the Ninth Army Corps, Army of the Poto
mac, and in the Army of the Shenandoah. His service ended in 1865 under Han
cock, commanding the Middle Military Department.
General Otis came to California in IS7C, and since 1882 has controlled and con
ducted the Los Angeles Times. •
Yesterday afternoon Major-Oeneral John H. Dickinson sent a message
In the following word? to P.rigadier-General Harrison G. Otis:
Colonel H. G. Otis, Ban Francisco, Cal. — Dear Sir: I have heard at Cazadero
of your appointment. I congratulate you most heartily. I hoped to get the
place, but am very glad that you have received the appointment, seeing that I
could not get It. I wish you all success. Very respectfully,
JOHN H. DICKINSON, Major-General Division N. G. C.
OPPOSITION TO THE NOMINATION OF OTIS.
WASHINGTON. May 27.— The nomination of H. G. Otis of Los Angeles
as brigadier general of volunteers was not surprising to the Callfornlans,
for as stated in The Call it was almost a foregone conclusion that the Pres
ident would appoint him. but it came sooner than expected.
One of the maddest men in the Senate is Frye of Maine, who has har
bored a revongeful feeling against Otis since the Los Angeles Times made
an attack against him, editorially, in which the Senator's integrity was as
sailed. Mr. Frye made a bitter fight against Otis' nomination. Secretary
AlK^r. while not openly opposing it, resented the editor's personal attac-ks
made on himself, and doubtlesß would secretly be glad to see the confirma
tion defeated. There is no doubt that Frye will actively oppose confirma
tion, and as he is a power in the Senate It is barely possible that, with
the assistance of the Democratic Senators, he may succeed.
WORKINGMEN OPPOSE OTIS.
Any action favoring the nomination of Colonel Harrison Gray Otis as brigadier
general stirs up a hornets' nest In labor circles. A committee was appointed at.
the last meeting of the Building Trades' Council to formulate an open letter
which would outline labor's feelings on the matter. The letter 1b as follows:
To President McKlnley and Senators White and Perkins; The dispatches of
to-day announce the nomination by President McKinley of Harrison Gray Otis to
be brigadier general of volunteers.
This aotion has been taken by the executive at the suggestion and upon the
recommendation of Senators White and Perkins after they and also the Presi
dent had received resolutions passed by even,' laboring body in California,
which was the- only method which the then enlisting soldiers had of expressing
their sentiments— as when once mustered in their lips are sealed— denunciatory of
this man and his attitude with respect to the laboring people, and calling atten
tion to the fact that with such a person in charge of the California division of
volunteers it would not only render recruiting difficult, but would lead to dis
satisfaction and discord among the troops already mustered In.
The flower of our California manhood, now on their way to Manila to fight
for and maintain the honor and dignity of our flag, opposed to a man the
appointment of Otis, and their protest has been ignored. .
To place a man at the head of troops whose cordial hatred he enjoys can only
be regarded as an insult to the people of California, and particularly those from
whom the material for fighting Is drawn. It is true Colonel Otis has a war record,
and an honorable discharge with the rank of captain after service performed
during the Civil War, but his colonelcy is only a rank derived from civil life as a
staff officer. Thisls mentioned simply toshow that the appointment is not upon the
ground of service performed in war, but it is based upon service performed polit
ically, and for valuable and consistent work for the Republican party that this
man is rewarded to the exclusion of other available men whose deeds of valor
during the Civil War. and their clean and honorable records since, would have
made their appointments far more satisfactory, and reflected far greater credit
upon the executive, who, by the way, announced a few days ago that the only
qualification that he would consider in making army appointments would be that
of military ability. It is to be sincerely regretted that the praise which this
remark occasioned is to be so rudely and abruptly overturned by the appointment
of Colonel Otis, who will not enthuse, encourage or Inspire to valor those who
will be compelled to do or die under him.
We realize that all has been done to defeat this appointment that could have
been done in the premises, but now that the wishes of the people of California
have been Ig^iominiously ignored, we can but condemn this action both by the
President and Senators Perkins and White. While we are forced to accept the
Inevitable, it will only be done with a burning desire at some future time to
roturn the compliment, and extend such a return as will be fitting in the case.
p. h. McCarthy.
JAMES H. ROSE,
W. WOODS,
San Francisco. May 27, 1898. Building Trades Council Commlttea.
A Grateful Mother
Among those who appreciated the
|thouirhtfulne»« of the J. ,P. Sprcckels &
\Uroß.' Towboat Company and other »hlp
&wnera in t urnluhJng transportation to the
reiatlven of tho departing volunt«prß out
to the Golden Gate and return is Mrs. E.
W. Kelly, mother of . Sergeant Kelly of
Company B, First Regiment of California
Volunteers, who writes from Berkeley as
follows:
"I flpep.k for the mothers, wives and sis
ters of Company B, of the First Califor
nia Regiment, and thank you for your
kindness in affording us transportation
to accompany our dear sons as far as the
Golden G: o, and we Bhall ever remain
grateful for the kindness you have shown
u«."
THE SA:tf FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, 31 AT 28, 1898.
The Seventh Regiment of California Is
Selected to Be Part of the
Command.
Major-General Merritt in Charge of the Department of the
Pacific, With Headquarters at the
Palace Hotel.
Major General Wesley Merritt, XJ.
S. A., yesterday took command of the
newly created Department of the Pa
cific and established his headquarters
at the Palace Hotel.
Orders will be immediately issued
directing the organization of United
States troops for service in the Phil
ippines.
Colonel John B. Babcock, TJ. S. A.,
adjutant general and chief of staff,
arrived from the East last evening
and will assume the duties of his
new position to-day.
The transports under charter of
the Government for the second Ma
nila expedition are the Zealandia,
China, Colon, Centennial, Ohio and
Peter Jebsen. The China arrived
from the Orient yesterday. It is
probable that the expedition will
consist of 5000 soldiers. Major Gen
eral Merritt took steps yesterday to
hasten the departure of the fleet.
— —
SECOND MANILA FORCE.
General Merritt Is Learning
the Condition of the Troops
in San Francisco.
Major-General Wesley Merritt, Gover
APPRECIATIVE COLORADANS.
Members of Company G Return Thanks to the Red
Cross Society.
That the enlisted men of Company G. First Colorado Volunteers, are
keenly appreciative of the work of the Red Cross Society, is shown by tho
following resolutions unanimously adopted yesterday. The members of the
regiment feel that they have been unjustly treated by those in authority
in their own State. The regiment was called into service May 7, and the
men should have received $2 per day until mustered into the United States
service, but they were mustered out of the State service almost immedi
ately, and for six days, or until they were sworn in as volunteers, they
performed military duty without belonging to either the State or National
forces. The resolutions are as follows:
Whereas, the members of this company, from the time of their advent
Into the State of California, have been the recipients of what is undoubt
edly the most kindly, well-timed and generous hospitality that was ever
lavished by any community upon a non-resident body of soldiers, and es
pecially have the ladles of San Francisco, in a thousand ways, endeared
themselves to us by their profouna solicitude for our welfare; now, there
fore, be It
Resolved, By Company G, of Cripple Creek, Colorado, First Regiment
Colorado Volunteers, that we extend to the people of California our most
sincere and cordial thanks for the boundless hospitality shown to us, these
thoughtful attentions being in marked contrast to the action of the Colo
rado authorities, whoever they may be, whom we consider robbed us each
of nearly six days' pay by a manipulation of the mustering out of the
regiment from the State service of Colorado.
Resolved, As a manifestation of our complete appreciation of California
generosity, we especially pledge ourselves to render to our California com
rades in the field the utmost assistance in our power In any emergency
that Providence may allow to arise during the pending war, being desirous
to partially repay some of the benefactions received by us in this State.
Resolved. That the newspapers of San Francisco and Denver be fur
nished copies of these resolutions and requested to publish the same.
Signed by all the privates of Company G, First Regiment Colorado Vol
unteers.
RALLY ROUND THE FLAG, BOYS.
j nor-General of the Philippines, has es
j tabllshed his temporary headquarters in
, rooms 78 and SO and adjoining apartments
: on the fourth floor of the Palace Hotel.
I His immediate staff is composed of Major
Hale, Major Strothers, Captain Mott and
Captain James G. Blame Jr.
General Merritt spent yesterday in ac- |
quaintlng himself with the situation and
condition of the expeditionary forces now |
encamped in San Francisco, his informa- j
tion being furnished to him by Brigadier- j
General K. S. Otis, who has had charge .
of all affairs connected with tho Philip
pines at this point up to yesterday. No :
time has yet been set for the dispatching
of the second expedition to Manila, It is
predicted that it will sail inside of two ;
weeks. It will require at least that much
time to properly equip the forces and gel
the transports in good condition and load
ed with supplies.
General E. S. Otis, who is to go with the
second expedition, has not yet moved his
headquarters to Camp Richmond, but will
probably do so to-day or Monday, as the
tents for himself and staff are all ready !
for occupancy.
The first regiment of Montana volun- i
teers, consisting of about 900 men, will
arrive in San Francisco about 8 o'clock j
this morning and proceed to Camp Rich
mond.
The Eighteenth and Twenty-third regi
ments of the regular infantry will reach |
San Francisco from New Orleans some .
time to-morrow morning, and will also go '
direct to Camp Richmond, where all the j
forces destined for the Philippines are i
being massed. j
A battal'on of volunteers from North
Dakota will arrive Sunday morning, and
will be followed on Monday morning by j
another battalion from the same State.
Company G of the Fourteenth Regular
Infantry, which recenuy came from
Skaguay. has been ordered to report to
General Otis at Camp Richmond-
THE SEVENTH SELECTED.
Troops From the Southern
Part of the State Will Go
With the Next Expedition.
The gallant Seventh will form part of
the second detachment of troops to be
dispatched to the Philippines. While no
order*- have been issued to that effect. It
is known that General Otis is greatly
pleased with the splendid body of men
brought up from Southern California by
Colonel Berry, and while the colonel is
discreetly silent, it is believed he has re
ceived assurances from General Otis that
his command will be one of those selected
to go out on the next transports to sail
to Dewey's relief.
The Seventh California is now com
pletely equipped and ready to move at a
momenfs notice. It is splendidly drilled
and composed of great, strapping fellows
capable of enduring any amount of cam
paigning in the trying climate of the
orient Rtar.u in troi»cai cautoroia. IM
heat of the Philippines has no terrors for
them. With two full infantry regiments
and a detachment of artillery selected
from her offering to 'the cause for the
first expedition, California may well feel
proud of the compliment paid her sona by
the discerning army officers.
VOLUNTEER SUPPLIES.
Contributions of Clpthing For
warded to Soldiers in Camp.
L. W. Storror, Edmund Godchaux and
Thomas Cunningham, seeing the condition
of the Kansas volunteers, went among
the merchants and in two hours, Thurs
day, secured articles as follows, which
were delivered to Major Whitman and by
him distributed to his men. The shoe men
of the city offered to supply the Govern
ment a regulation shoe in five days at
about 1500 pairs per day, but their offer
was rejected, yet they did not hesitate
to donate to the Kansas boys. The con
tributors were:
United Wnrklngmen B. A S. Co., 12 pairs
shoes; Rosenthal, Feder & Co., 12 pairs shoes;
Cohn Hirsh & ■ "2 pairs socks; Levi Strauss
&Co 60 suits underclothing; Neustadter Bros.,
100 pairs socks; Cahn. Niokelsburg & Co.. 12
pairs shoes; Buckingham & Heoht, 12 pairs
plioes- Sachs liros., assortment of underwear
and towels; A. L. Bryan Shoe Company, 12
pairs shoes; Meyereteln Company, 60 pairs
drawers: Greenbaur.i. .Weil & Miehels, assort
ment of underwear and socks: J. C. Nolan &
Co 12 pairs shoes; Brown Bros. & Co., 24
suit? underwear: Heyneman & Co., assortment
of underwear; Son Bros. & Co.. gross of pipes:
Murphy, Grant & Co.. 10 dozen undershirts, 10
dozen pairs drawers.
Mrs. Samuel Rainey donated a wagon
load of clothing to the volunteers sta
tioned at the Richmond Camp Thursday,
consisting principally of underwear and
shoes. The donation is one of the largest
made, as yet, toward alleviating the
wants of the boys in blue, and was glad
ly welcomed and appreciated by the
sturdy Easterners, who spared no time
In substituting the new apparel for the
old. In addition to the clothing several
baskets of food were sent out to camp
which will be followed by more to-mor
row.
A Prompt Response.
When Redington & Co., druggists, were
apprised of the fact that the Nebraska
regiment was badly in need of certain
medicines^ they immediately sent out a
RIVALRY AMONG
THE REGIMENTS
All the Troops at Camp Richmond Eager
for Active Service.
The question of which regiment, or reg
iments, will compose the next expedition
ary force to Manila is the all-absorbing
topic of discussion among the oflicfers
and enlisted men of the various com-
mands now encamped at Camp Richmond.
Nearly all of the different command rs
declare that their commands are pr-ie- |
tically equipped for field service or y 111 j
be In a short time. As a matter of fact,
however, it is well known that not more
than two regiments are in shape for im- j
mediate service, and even these are la.'k- ,
ing in some of their supplies. Nearly
all of the requisitions have been fiieo
with the department quartermaster, but
the sudden rush of orders that have flood
ed this department have sorely taxed its
capacity, and it will be at least three
weeks before all of the troops here are
thoroughly equipped and ready for the
field.
When questioned as to the chances of
their command going with the next ex
pedition the various commanders looli
wise, but say little. It is a fact, how
ever, despite the many current rumors
to the contrary, that at present the Gov
ernment has not definitely decided what
troops will go on the next expedition. !
While the ability, length of time in ser- j
vice and experience of commanding of- J
fleers of the various commands, will have ;
material weight In the selection of th» I
next convoy of troops, still the main
question that will be considered will be j
a regiment or a battalion's state of equip- j
tnent, and with the choice brought down
to this basis the indications are that the i
Seventh California. First Colorado, the |
Light Battery from Utah and the First j
Troop of Cavalry from the same State
will be among the favored commands.
To-morrow night will practically see the
Seventh Regiment completely equipped,
while the requisitions of the First Colo
rado will be illled by the middle of next
It is known that it is the intention of
the Government to send a troop of cav
alry to Manila with the next expedition,
but It has not yet been determined
whether the selected troopers will take
their horses with them or purchase others*
there Captain Caine's Utah troopers
are equipped with the exception of re
volvers The troop also has a fund of
MOO and an order from the Alta Club of
Bait Lake City to draw for any amount.
The two light Utah batteries need some
clothing and about 1000 rounds of am
munition. From this it would^seem that
the troops named will be the ones to go
to Manila, provided the next expedition
sails in the near future, and the arrival
of the regulars does not alter what now
appears to be the slate as prepared by the
department commander.
The First Wyoming Batallion has its
requisitions in, and needs about 300 pairs |
of shoes, 250 suits of underwear and 120,
0(i0 rounds of ammunition to complete its
equipment.
The Kansas, Nebraska. Idaho and Penn
sylvania forces have their requisitions in,
and of these the Kansas soldiers are un
doubtedly in the most pressing need of
clothes, shoes and underwear. Colonel
Little admits that his men need these
supplies, but he Indignantly denies the i
rumors that his men are starving. The i
Government has supplied all troops now I
in camp with abundant and sufficient ra
tions, and there is no lack of food, while
the donations of the Red Cross and good j
citizens generally have given every man j
A SURPRISE IN LOS ANGELES.
Some Joy, However, in the Prospect of His
Having to Leave the State.
LOS ANGELES. May 27. — The appointment of Colonel Harrison Gray Otis
was received here with surprise by all and with regret by many. To some it
gave a great deal of satisfaction from the fact that if the nomination of Otis is
confirmed by the Senate it will b4 necessary for him to leave the city and to be
absent for some time. To many this will be eminently satisfactory. Among the
workingmen and the members of the local Labor Unions the appointment of Otis
is most offensive. Otis has bitterly antagonized and lied about them for years,
and it is now proposed by the organizations and their leaders to use every effort
to show the United States Senate that Otis is not a fit man to be brigadier general
of volunteers.
Otis, on the other hand. Is striving by threats and over-persuasion to insure
his confirmation. He is having all the local organizations, commercial and other
wise, send telegrams to Washington urging his Immediate confirmation.
Taken as a whole, the nomination of Otis was received very coolly by the
people here. It was a surprise, but the public did not look upon ft as tney would
have regarded a similar consideration shown by the President to citizens more
worthy and more fitted.
complete supply. They received the no
tire at 2:30 In the afternoon, and at 6
o'clock the case filled with all sorts of
drugs and appurtenances was deposited
In the Nebraska hospital tent at the
Richmond camp.
Charles Brown & Son also generously
responded to the call for 100 tin cups and
other hardware for the same regiment.
To these, as well as to the many other
donors the officers, for themselves and
their men, wish to express their heartiest
thanks.
There axe only rare exceptions where
merchants fail to respond with libejal
contributions. Cots and mattresses for
the sick seem to be one of the crying
needs for nearly all the companies in
camp.
Message From the Charleston.
SALINAS, May 27.—A carrier pigeon
came to the loft of J. W. Tholcke at this
place late last night and tried to get in.
This morning the bird came again and
was caught. On the wing was a message
from the United States steamer Charles
ton, dated May 25. saying that the vessel
was southwest of the Farallones. the
latter being just in sight; all well on
board. .
for Free Transportation.
Appeal
S. F. Overstreet writes to The Call as
follows: "Let the people, through the
dally papers of this great city, ask the
street railroads to allow the boys In blue,
the ones who are offering their all. even
life blood, for our country's honor, to ride
on the street cars free—entirely free.
"Many of the aforementioned boys are
moneyless, and after a drill of b!x full
COLLECT NO FARES FROM SOLDIERS.
The Presidio and Ferries Railroad Company Gives Free
Rides to Enlisted Men.
At last the volunteers who came to their country's defense have
been recognized by the railroad companies. For more than a month
every enlisted man at the Presidio who wanted to come to the city
was either compelled to walk a distance of flve miles or pay his fare
on tbe cars that traveled to his encampment. Many were without
funds and therefore had to forego the pleasure of coming down town
or visiting loved ones.
Pleasure was depicted on the faces of the men when informed by
their respective commanders yesterday that hereafter they would be
permitted to ride free on the Presidio and Ferries Railroad line.
This was due to the generous action of President Goorge A.
Newhall of the road, and. Is only another of those acts of kindness and
patriotism that have been shown the men since the present hostilities
commenced.
Now that the order 1b In effect hundreds of the soldiers Journey
dally to ajid from the Presidio and are profuse in their thanks for the
courtesy.
in camp more than he can eat. This ap
plies to every regiment in camp, and ther«
is absolutely no truth in the reports of
destitution that have been circulated by
misguided but kindly intending citizens.
The Nebraska and Idaho troops have a
mild form of measles among them, but
these have been quarantined, and th«
regimental surgeons are not fearful of an
epidemic of this disease. The Marine
Hospital reports a case of diphtheria from
the First Wyoming Battalion, but this is
denied by Major Foote, its commander,
who declares that the only ailment among
his men, outside of a few colds, is a num
ber of sore arms, caused by vaccination,
which has temporarily disabled about one
fourth of the battalion.
Major Moore and Captain Mallory were
in camp yesterday supervising the erec
tion of General Otis' headquarters, which
were established fe&£j>rday at the extreme
southwestern end Ox the camp. Captain
Mallory stated that he could not say when
General Otis would move his headquar
ters to Camp Richmond, but from the fact
that Colonel Pope, Colonel Lippincott,
Major Moore and Acting Assistant Sur
geon Harold were busy yesterday laying
off the ground for the brig;ule hospital, it
is believed General Otis will come out
either to-day or to-morrow and establisn
his headquarters, and immediately bri
gade the camp. The field hospital will
be on Point Lobos avenue.
Private Henry Pruett, Company H,
Seventh California Regiment, who died at
the Presidio Hospital on Wednesday of
pneumonia, was buried in the Presidio
Cemetery yesterday morning. The ser
vices were read by Chaplain Clark of the
St-venth, and Company H escorted the
remains to their last resting place, where,
after the coffin had been lowered, tho
grave filled and the usual volleys fired
over it. the bugler sounded taps and the
beautifully sad service was ended.
The pupils of the Mission Grammar
School sent a wagon load of provisions
to Camp Richmond yesterday, with in
structions that they be distributed among
the several regiments.
Quite a number of the men in the Ne
braska regiment are suffering from
cramps in the stomach. It is believed that
their sickness has been brought about by
the indiscriminate eating ot cakes, pies
and fruit brought them by visitors. Au
order was issued yesterday directing that
in future donations of foods and fruits be
left at the commissary department.
The Fourteenth United States Infantry
recruited twenty-three men yesterday.
The majority of them came well equipped
from Fort Sheridan and Fort Douglass.
The Twentieth Kansas Regiment was
inspected yesterday by Captain Mallory,
who expressed himself as being well
pleased with the command. The men have
been drilling hard and faithfully since
their arrival here and are now counted
among the best drilled volunteers. When
they receive their equipments, they will
be ready to take the field at a few hours'
notice.
A number of the memberß of the Penn
sylvania regiment are suffering from
colds, and a few of them are threatened
with pneumonia.
Corporal Van Voorhles of Company H
of the Pennsylvania volunteers has been
promoted to the rank of captain and com
missary of subsistence on the staff of
General Otis. Captain Van Voorhies is a
son of Congressman Van Voorhies of
Ohio.
The officers of the Minnesota regiment
expect to receive their new rifles and
ammunition to-day. Two wagon loads of
provisions and clothing were delivered to
them last evening from the quarter
master's department.
hours, tramping into the city to ace
friends and relatives is no fun.
"Considering the large revenue the
companies are deriving from the patriotic
citizens, does it not seem a disgrace to
compel Uncle Sam's own boys to pay
carfare?"
A CALL TO ARMS.
The Franklins of Old Hear a
Rallying Cry.
The following circular has been sent to
the military organization of Saa Fran
cisco formerly known as the Franklins:
SAN FRANCISCO. May 27, 1898.
Dear Sir— As you are no doubt aware the
ranks of the National Guard are depleted In
response to the first call of the President for
volunteers, a second call has been Issued which
will still further reduce the number of Its
members: the Franklins, known as Company
D. First Infantry Regiment N. O. C. (before
the reorganization) were, as a result of that
step, blotted out of existence. Now that an
emergency has arisen let us show that we still
live by offering our services to the Governor.
A call is hereby Issued by your late cap
tain, Frank P. Shafer, to all available ex
members, their friends and others who are
Interested in reviving a name which existed
before the civil war and at the same time do-
Ing honor to those who are on their way to
the front.
There is no doubt that companies well or
ganized will receive recognition at the hands
of the Executive at this time.
Be present on Monday evening, May 30, at
the armory. Page and Gough streets, at 8
o'clock sharp.
The Star »peaks of the people's victory.
Read it. •
56
SATURDAY MAY 28, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Ffopnetof. ■' ■
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, _ Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE «tAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) 19 j
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mail $6 per year; per month j
65 cents. • -. ■ -
THE WEEKLY CALL. ... One year, by mall, $1.50
OAK' AND OFFICE »08 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE ...... Room IBS. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri&£« House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 287 Hayes street, «pen until j
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30 j
o'clock. 6!s<Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock. I
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market i
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518 ;
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh !
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— Ysaye
Columbia—" The Pace In the Moonlight"
California— Hopkins Trans-Oceanic Star Specialty Co.
Alcazar— "Yorick's Love .:.- '-■'}■:
Uoroeco's— "Mrs. Partlngrton and Her Son Ike-"
Tlvoll— "The Poster."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Ihe Chutes-Zoo, Vaudeville, and "Visions of Art"
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties
Sutro Baths — Swimming 1 ,
Recreation Park— Baseball to-day.
Coursing-— Ingleslue Coursing Park.
Coursing— Union Coursing Park.
R.i Campo — Music, dancing, boating-, fishinir. every Sunday.
—
* AUCTION SALES.
By Eapton, Eldridgre & Co.— day. May 28, Burs, at 106
Grant avenue, at 2 o clock
By H. L. Reed— This day, May 28. Jewelry, at 1036 Market St.,
at 2 o clock.
by Kllllp & Co.— This day, May 28. Horsea, Buggies, etc, at
*17 Jolbom street, at 11 o'clock.
By Frank W. Butterneld— This day. May 28. Furniture, at
1126 Geary street, at 11 o'clock.
By Klllip & Co.— Thursday, June 2, Horses, at San Mateo Stoca
Farm, at 10 o'clock.
GOOD FOR THE UNION-STREET LINE.
HEREAFTER no soldier wearing the blue will
pay fare on the Union street line. This is a
generous concession, and will be appreciated
not only by the soldiers themselves, but by the pub
lic, to whom the comfort of the soldiers is a matter
of close concern. While many of the soldiers have
been moved to the Bay District, there are still hun
dreds who in reaching the city will naturally depend
upon Union street. All the boys in the Fontana ware
house and those in the Presidio barracks will espe
cially be grateful for the favor of the company.
The Union street line runs into the Presidio, and
is the only one approaching that point. It runs its
cars from the ferry. It has been noted for its freedom
from accidents, a breakdown being a rarity, although
it traverses some of the steepest grades in the city.
This kindness will tend to add to its popularity.
The pattern set is an excellent one for the Southern
Pacific. The Bay District track is reached only by
Southern Pacific lines. Of course this great corpora
tion, having the matter called to mind by the liberal
ity of an associate, will not hesitate to follow so good
a pattern. We cannot believe the Southern Pacific
would take the nickels of the soldiers, particularly
when the added traffic in carrying civilians must
notably swell its receipts. It would be a pleasure to
announce to-morrow morning that the Southern Pa
cific had taken the hint. '
LOOTING UNCLE SAM'S STRONG BOX.
THE Transcontinental Freight Bureau is prob
ably made up of gentlemen who never ,vent upon
the highway with a pistol to woo a purse from
the passer-by. They would be above such an act, and,
besides, the purse might have little in it. Kept by
principle from one avenue of thrift, they sought
another: the}' became a freight bureau.
Possibly Huntington originated the expression,
"Charge all the traffic will bear," but he has no mon
opoly of the practice. The same lofty sentiment in
spiring the utterance is the sentiment of the freight
bureau; indeed the bureau may be regarded as the
crystallization of the sentiment.
The particular bureau under consideration has just
held a meeting at Milwaukee and put itself on record
as a collective swine by advancing the rates on war
material. This is done just at the time when there
mast be a considerable carriage of this, whereas or
dinarily war material is a rare sort of freight. If in
1 vice a road can afford to haul cartridges for $i a
hundred pounds, it can certainly better afford to do so
in war. when offerings are sure to be heavy and con
linuous. Yet the bureau advanced th: rate 50 per
cent, and on every article demanded by the exigency
of the moment made advances, some of them even
more outrageous.
This is business, but it has a savor of treason. It
is thrift, but the unholy thrift of the Shylock. The
roads agreeing to the imposition deserve no good will
from the country. If need arise the strong arm of
the Government should take temporary control of
them and make them seem decently patriotic by de
priving them of the privilege of looting.
THjE SPANISH AWNING DOWN.
OUR yellow neighbor has at last removed those
flaring red and yellow awnings which have
been a source of extreme irritation to all pa
triotic citizens. Every time a soldier passed within
range of these awnings a strong impulse would seize
him to tear them down and trample them in the dust.
IJesides being about the most unsightly things to be
found in the city, these awnings too strongly re
mind one that there are Spaniards on the earth. The
Examiner has been compelled by popular clamor to
remove them, and it is to be hoped that they will soon
.share the fate of a large portion of the Examiner's
circulation and be wafted to the breeze through the
tall chimney of the crematory.
Murderer Ebanks, who was hanged yesterday,
served to illustrate the folly of procrastination. He
richly merited all he got, having, indeed, earned it
twice over, but he exhibited a most annoying preju
dice against mounting the scaffold. By balking at
frequent intervals and appealing to all the courts in
turn he managed to keep alive for months and until
nfter the opening of the war. Had he promptly taken
liis medicine he would have received considerable
?pn^<* in the papers, but now a murderer is of no in
terest.
Even if Cervera bombard an Atlantic coast city
there will be the conflation o f kpowinjj where he is.
IS THIS LOYALTY?
ON Wednesday Senator Stewart made a free sil
ver speech against the war revenue bill. The
telegraph wasted words in telling the country
that it was "a long speech." His speeches are long
and also numerous. The matter before the Senate on
which he cannot make a long free silver speech has
not yet been introduced to the attention of that body.
If it were a proposition to recognize God in the con
stitution Stewart would speak on free silver.
The war revenue bill is an administration measure.
The President and his constitutional advisers know
the difficulties raised by the war and- the plans neces
sary to meet them. They know that our so-called
"insurgent allies" in Cuba and the Philippines are, in
v military sense, a myth. The report of Lieutenant
Rowan on the insurgent situation in Cuba discloses
the lack of force, the insubordination to discipline, the
incapacity to fight in military formation, of the guer
rillas under Gomez. The quality of Philippine patriot
ism is illustrated by the history of the rebel chief,
Aguinaldo, who raised the revolution and sold it out
to Spain for $800,000 spot cash. Half of this was to
have been divided among the common soldiers who
were enlisted under this bandit. He gobbled it all and
ran away to Hongkong, whereupon his deserted fol
lowers renewed their revolution, probably in the hope
of another cash deal with the home government.
Americans will have to do the fighting. Already
we have under arms and under call to arms 280,000
soldiers. Their pay alone is over $4,000,000 a month.
Their arms, equipment and maintenance cost many
times that sum monthly. We will soon be spending
on this war $5,000,000 a day; and Senator Stewart
made a long free silver speech. The flower of the
country is being hurried to the front, over land and
sea. The merchant marine is being drawn upon, and
soon we may have to do as England did in the
Crimean war and charter our troop ships from other
nations; and Stewart made a long free silver speech.
The sentiments of mercy and philanthropy among
the people are vitalized and working together to pre
pare comfort and cure for the ill and wounded. Com
mercial bodies and financial institutions are already
pouring out money to fill the treasury cf the Red
Cross; and Stewart made a long free silver speech.
With the news of the first battle wives will be
widows and children will be orphans. The sweet foun
tain of pity is already affluent, and men and women
are organizing to assuage the sorrow and succor the
distress that will be upon many an American home;
and Stewart made a long free silver speech.
The administration is pressed for resources to meet
the emergency. The President and his Cabinet have
not only the task of calling and equipping troops,
managing the delicate diplomacy required in war,
watching the enemy and meeting strategy with strat
egy, but they have to concert the financial measures
which must supply the sinews of war; and Stewart
made a long free silver speech.
In that speech he said of the administration revenue
bill: "It is the most miserable, villainous piece of
legislation ever enacted by a legislative body."
The British Parliament during the civil wars passed
bills of attainder. During our revolution it provided
for the use of wild Indians as British auxiliaries and
hired Hessians to fight us, which moved Burke to
demand the performance of a lustration to purge
England of the crime. The Venetian Council of Ten
arrested, endungeoned and tore out the eyes of the
innocent. The French revolutionary assembly made
the streets of Paris slippery with human blood and
sent Mme. Roland to the guillotine. But Stewart
made a long free silver speech asserting that Presi
dent McKinley's war revenue bill is more infamous
than all these.
The United States hold the center of the world's
stage at this moment. The nations are the audience.
Europe. Asia and Africa are the proscenium boxes
from which they watch us. We are engaged in an
altruistic war to lift burdens and enfranchise men.
The great tragedy of war is in action. All bells ring
the tocsin. The bugle calls to arms. The long roll
is beaten through the camps. Dewey's tired hand
grips the standard at the Antipodes, 7000 miles from
our coast. It is grand, magnificent: and Stewart
made a long free silver speech accusing our own
Government of the greatest infamies in history!
It is a question just how long the fathers who
give their sons to the ranks under call and commission
of the President will tolerate these long free silver
speeches, in which the Government that has sworn
them to allegiance by a soldier's sacrament is de
nounced as worse than that whose tyranny we are
expelling from her colonies.
GOMEZ TO THE FRONT.
GENERAL GOMEZ has announced to the peo
ple and the army of Cuba that be has begun the
publication of a weekly war bulletin for the
purpose of keeping them informed of the progress of
his arms and those of his ally, the United States. The
first of these bulletins informs the Cubans that their
troops are to be known no longer as insurgents, but
as soldiers of the regular army of the republic, and
will be expected hereafter to submit to discipline and
conform to the rules of civilized war. Warning is
given that any soldier or officer failing in such discip
line will be punished.
While the world in these days does not value bul
letins from commanding officers as of any great im
portance and would rather have one victory than
forty of them, nevertheless this manifesto will be re
ceived with considerable interest. The conservative
element of the American people has not had any
very exalted idea of Gomez and his army, and the
lack of any action of vigor on their part against the
Spaniards since the American fleet appeared off Ha
vana has rendered that element more than ever doubt
ful of their fitness either for fighting or for freedom.
The Gomez bulletins are going to be looked for,
therefore, with a good deal of curiosity. There are
many people who will be glad to learn once a week
what the island patriots are doing for their freedom
and what difference is notable in their tactics since
they have been transformed by decree from insurgents
to soldiers of the regular army of the republic.
The fault may not be due wholly to Gomez and his
soldiers, for the whole West Indian campaign, when
contrasted with that in the Philippines, has been
one of exasperating slowness; but even the most
ardent sympathizers with the Cubans have been sadly
disappointed with the inactivity in the patriot ranks.
It had been so often asserted by the Junta at New
York that all the patriots asked for was the recog
nition of the independence of their country by the
United States and that when this was given they
would at once leap forward to drive the Spaniards
home there was a general expectation that when the
United States began open war with Spain the Cu
bans would strike some effective blow at once and
force the war to the walls of Havana.
Weeks of hostilities have come and gone, more than
a month has passed and nothing has been done. Now
Gomez comes with a bulletin instead of a battle.
It is pot what was wanted nor what was expected. If
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, MAY 28, 1898.
is not even satisfactory in itself. The only redeeming
feature is that it was designed merely as a salutatory,
and that as such it saluted undisciplined bands of
raiders by the title of soldiers of the regular army of
Cuba, warning them that if they do not act as such
hereafter they will be punished. This promises to
put an end to the mere looting and raiding of the
past and gives encouragement to the hope that Gomez
and his followers may yet prove effective allies in a
civilized war for the freedom of Cuba and the cause
of humanity.
IT is" characteristic of the demagogues who ride into
political power on waves of popular discontent to
celebrate their victories by alleging that they have
overcome "corruption" after a hard battle. This is
now being done by some of the disreputable support
ers of the new charter, who have fought in the hope
that their schemes of blackmail will be furthered by
the instrument. The tremendous combination of
"corruptionists" defeated on Thursday by these in
dividuals may be understood when it is considered
that the total vote polled against the charter was
12,025. This includes not alone those who honestly
thought the charter a dangerous experiment, but the
school teachers, policemen, firemen and politicians
who regarded it as inimical to their personal interests.
The vainglorious shouting of these demagogues be
comes ridiculous when the awful "corruptionists"
whom they overthrew are reduced to a few hundred
votes. The truth is the new charter was adopted, not
because a majority of those who voted for it have read
and digested it, but because there is a general desire
for a change in our organic system. This was the
great influence which operated to carry the new con
stitution in 1879. The campaign for that instrument
was accompanied, as this one has been, by a weak
Grand Jury, a corrupt School Board, a rotten Board
of Supervisors and a disgraceful Legislature. Prob
ably the Legislature of 1878 was the worst that ever
assembled anywhere. It is unavailing to reason with
the people when such object lessons in coiiuption are
before their eyes as have been before the eyes of the
people of this city during the past six months.
But the whys and wherefores of the late campaign
are no longer of interest. The existent fact is one
fifth of the voters of the city have fastened upon it an
entirely new experiment in charter legislation. Should
the Legislature ratify it, everybody should thereafter
endeavor to elect honest officials under it — particularly
an honest Mayor. Since 1879 the Supreme Court has
delivered a thousand decisions interpreting the new
constitution, and yet that instrument, which is shorter
than the charter, is still in question. We practically
know nothing upon the subject of making charters,
and it is not improbable that when the document car
ried on Thursday comes to be subjected to legal
scrutiny much of it will be found unconstitutional.
One thing, however, may be set down as settled
beyond doubt Unless the people capture the Mayor
and maintain possession of him they will be undone.
Nearly all municipal power has been transferred from
the present sources and lodged in the Mayor. If the
predatory classes are permitted to control this official
they will make short work of the taxpayers. There
is not much reason to fear the bugaboo corporations,
but there is great reason to fear the political bosses
who know so well how to organize and win at trfe
ballot-boxes when there is plunder in sight. Under
the divided responsibility of the consolidation act
there has been during forty years very little waste
and corruption. We trust the centralized government
the people hate now adopted will make a similar
record.
JUBILANT BAKERSFIELD.
THE rejoicings at Bakersficld over the comple
tion to that city oi the line of the Valley Road
fitly celebrated the accomplishment of another
step toward the emancipation of the great San
Joaquin Valley from the long domination of the
Soul hern Pacific monopoly that has baffled its enter
prises, thwarted its energies, checked its industrial
development and prevented its people and cities from
attaining the full measure of the prosperity they de
served.
The significance of the new road and the competi
tion ft has brought to bear upon the old time monop
oly are well understood throughout the State. Es
pecial emphasis was given to it in all the proceedings
of the jubilee at Bakersfield as at all other points
which in succession have been reached by the road
in its onward progress. It was amply and amus
ingly expressed by a local merchant. One window
of his store was fitted to show the condition of
Eakersfield in 1888, when the farmer pleaded for
lower freight rates and was met by the railroad with
the reply, "Oh, my dear sir, you are unfortunately off
the line of competition.," Another window showed
the condition of affairs since the arrival of the Valley
Road. This year the railroader pleads, "Mr. Farmer,
can't I induce you to let me haul your wheat?" and
is met with the answer, "Oh, my dear sir, you are
unfortunate in being located on the line of com
petition."
The extent of the benefit derived by Bakersfield and
the surrounding country from the change wrought in
the conditions of transportation by the construction
of the road can be measured, so far as the present year
is concerned, by contrasting freight rates now with
what they have been in the past; but the gain sure
to come with the future is incalculable. With cheaper
rates for freight there will be left in the hands of the
producers larger profits from all crops, and these
will result in a more liberal patronage of the mer
chants and the artisans of the cities. A healthy growth
will be felt throughout the whole San Joaquin region.
The breaking down of the railroad monopoly will
mean the upbuilding of a hundred industries.
The rejoicing at Bakersfield is to be by no means
the last of the many celebrations which mark success
ive steps in the progress of the Valley Road. Even
while Bakersfield was taking a holiday for her fes
tival the work at the other end of the line was being
pushed westward from Stockton toward the Bay of
San Francisco. There will be further rejoicing when
this westward movement reaches its destined ter
minus, and beyond that there will in the end be a great
and final demonstration of public satisfaction when
the Valley Road accomplishes its full usefulness to
the commonwealth by becoming part of a larger
system, thus giving the people emancipation from the
monopoly by providing a competing line across the
continent.
Citizens who pined audibly because the first call for
volunteers was answered almost wholly by the Na
tional Guard will soon have an opportunity to show
whether they really meant it.
It is disgraceful for School Directors to fight, but
if they will make it a war of mutual extermination the
public will be inclined to promote hostilities.
Weyler talks of his eagerness to invade this coun
try, and there is probably nothing he could do which
would please this country better-
THE NEW CHARTER.
82 82 8 8 8 8 8 8 838288 82 82 8282 8 8 88 8 8 8 8 8 8 88 88 88 8 " 8 8 88 8 8888 8888 88 8 8 8 82 88 82.82 88 88 8 88 88 8 8 8
iTHE SUNDAY CALLi
28 :. ■ --■■ • " •- • ■_ :. . --■ : ■■'.■ -•' : ;.'■" . . .' «
58 MAY 29, 1898, WILL CONTAIN, AMONQ, OTHER FINE FEATURES: a
I: . IN CAMP At TAMPA WITH "I
g /^ THE ROUGH RIDERS I
88 f^^*^ k~33 Thrillin g Feats Performed by the
? li& «S £*$!S*^ Members of Our Most Unique
I >^^^S^^^^^^^^^l/^ l REAP THE SUNDAY CALL '
| /f^^^^m^ONS IN THE PRESENT WAR I
§ Its *^%M^o^J^W United States Commissioner Evans Tells Just What Will Be Coming 8
[I \^ wtißß&<e d^^J\ to Our Boys After the War Is Over. i*
I WpK^C I HOW TO MAKE A FORTUNE I |
•? A*?_!aio^»>*k ,4 y > By Twelve Prominent Millionaires. •*
" WHALING IN MONTEREY BAY |
V n^M^ J^MVV wk » J How the Monster of the- Deep Is Blown
2S 1 <!' /I [*&*</ JffJy^ vi 1 I ) Out of the Water With Explosive Bombs. 8S
|/ / l/l/fp? MWss// » 1 -"VIV* \V 'i ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦H READ THE SUNDAY CALL ***•++•++** g;
r * /I) /! (if im 1 1 Itw «nl I fl" l' K\ \ ' SALOMY JANE'S KISS I 1I 1
S* im^lilnk #1 1 1 1 «•* SAIOMY IANF'S KISS
** llr[l/ k/^^ < '^ Hi a*^ imPaH^MM BY BRET tlArtTßm
I ''fnj '%$■ The MAJOR'S CONVERSION |
88 f||iyi ■"■"WEr^lL' A ' DECORATION-DAY STORY. SS
I nfcLw The SIMMER GIRL AWHEEL |j
88 _ ■■^J^^^^^SP All About What This Interesting Creature Will «
i %&£& • Wear While Taking a Spin on the Road. \l
SS ... SS
ss ALL the Usual Departments, Including Books; Theaters, Whist, Fashion and Society, ss
I AND THE BEST NEWS FROM THE SEAT OF* WAR. §
ss . — . — — — — ss
IREAD NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL?
S2 SS 88 SS SS 82 82 ?S 88 SS 88 82 82 82 88 22 88 82 83 U SS 88 SS S3 82 SS 82 82 SS SS 88 88 . 85>2 88388888 8 32 8 88 88 88 8 888 88 8 Stf
COLLECTED 3N
THE CORRIDORS.
Hon. Robert N. Bulia of Los Angeles,
who is a prominent candidate for United
States Senator, is a guest at the Grand.
William E. Bainbrldge of lowa, second
secretary of the United States legation at
Peking, is at the Occidental lxotel. He
sails on the Doric to-day with Minister
Conger.
Major E. H. Conger of lowa, formerly
Tnited States Minister to Brazil and who
was recently appointed United States
Minister to China to succeed Colonel
Denby, is at the Palace Hotel. He will
sail for China on the steamship Doric to
day, accompanied by Mrs. Conger, their
daughter. Miss Conger, and Miss Pierce,
a niece.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, May 27.— C. J- Steadman
I of San Frnacisco Is at the Holland. J. P.
! Langhorne of San Francisco is at the Al
| hemarle. J. L. Elastland of San Francisco
iis at the Manhattan. Frank Stecher, M.
Werner, F. Schulte, G. Morris. C.
Dougherty, A. Bloom. L. Baer, A. Gump
and Mr. and Mrs. Wakeman of San Fran
cisco and G. Gaghards of San Jose have
gone to Pariß.
THE TJ. S. S. MAINE.
In Havana harbor lying, with the starry ban-
Over^urre"*' decks, barbettes, In the sunlight
WithMie sfralns of music dying, all along her
Birds about *her o'er the water, as she came—
I can see her yet, our mighty battle-ship, the
Maine.
Lofty was she, proud a* freedom, never fearing
in H a avina bafbo?lytn*. with the starry ban-
AU^loife^but strong In courage, leagues away
Duty 'called' her^fast and faster she had come,
I ea n Or d dme nnn e ye?. lß §ur cl mighty battle-ship, the
Maine.
Oh, ye brave who died aboard her, those who
watch and warder kept.
Deep within her bosom lying, starry banner
Sons e of freedo n m,' sweet your dreaming. God
but called you while you slept; .
Sailors true whose cruise la ended, ordered to a
Do P you see* her ' yet, our mighty battle-ship,
the Maine?
In Havana harbor dying, 'neath the starry
On b th" n Spanish' hills, In sleep that no friend
could wish so deep, ... . 
Sadly waves that break are sighing for the
Bu^n^bells 1 or°buffles n wake the,, vole, of duty
cannot rouse thee, . ...
You have followed her, our mighty battle
ship, the Maine.
Ah. the phantom ship that's sailing, wistful
Frorn° Havana "harbor flying, with th« starry
On Iher1 her n ghftstly decks; there are none can stay
SilenrnoU^ifcross the water, faithful servant,
SheTs^^nrhfmT'at last our bau^ship.
the Maine. GRACE A. LUCE.
■■ ' ■\:::''TT -""•■' ' .■
CONDENSED WISDOM.
It is better to be lonely than to be
bored. ,
Money is everything to the poor fellow
who hasn't a cent.
Self-love prevents some people from lov
ing more than once.
A thorn in the flesh is more troubleaome
than two on the bush.
The average man seems to think that
others expect too much of him.
A girl seldom objects to a. young man
stealing something from under her very
nose.
When men quit the prize ring and
women give up the marriage, ring there's
new stars in the theatrical firmament.
Any fool can distinguish between vices
and virtues, but it takes a wise man to
act according to his understanding.
It is well enough to put your trust In
Providence, but it's unwise to go around
looking for holes for Providence to pull
you out of.
PIGEONS AS CARBIERS.
According to the report of the French
Transatlantic Company made in Paris,
the experiments lately undertaken with
carrier pigeons on board the Bretagne
have proved satisfactory, thereby con
firming the stories that were published
here about the birds a few days ago.
It will be recalled tEUI one bird liberated
half way between Havre and New York
was caught in Connecticut. On the return 1
voyage Captain Renaud took from New ,
York about fifty birds, which were re- |
leased one, two and three days out. O/ ;
these the company's office in Havre has
no news. The birds remaining in hand
Wen freed while the vessel was 250 miles,
IST miles and 125 miles respectively from i
Havre. Most of these were back in Havre
or Rouen the same day, the remainder ,
the next or following days. None was
lost. It has been demonstrated that the
safest fliers were those trained in the sea
coast towns, the inland birds being liable
to lose their way too easily.
WAR TIME JOKELETS.
Is. there any significance in the fact
that the first syllables of the names
De Lome and Weyler foim the name
"Dewey"?— Denver Poet.
Hicks— T cannot go to the war. I am
nearsighted.
Wicks— l am farslghted. That is the
reason why I don't go.— Boston Tran
script.
"What's the row among the seniors,
professor?"
"Every one of them is bent on having
a graduating oration about Dewey's vic
tory."—Detroit Free Press.
A lawyer and his client were descending
the steps of the City Hall.
"Suppose," said the client, "that Spain
decides to send the fleet from Cadiz to
Manila. Could it coal at neutral ports?"
"That would be a question in interna
tional law."
"Then I guess we're all right. If they
go to law on the point the war will be
over long before It gets settled."—Wash
ington Star.
ANSWEBS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
SHORTRIDGE— A Reader, Millwood,
Fresno County, Cal. When C. M. Short
ridge returned to San Jose from San
Francisco he assumed control of the Mer
cury as proprietor, as appeared from the
announcements made.
PENSION— J. F. C Alameda, Cal. The
fact that a man who fought in the war
of tTie rebellion and was entitled to a
pension, has since acquired an independ
ent fortune, does not debar him from
drawing that pension, if he wishes to do
so.
THE PARIS EXPOSITION— G. H. J..
City. It was originally decided the Paris
Exposition of 1900 should open on the sth
of May of that year and close on. the 31st
of October, but the date was subsequently
changed to April 15 to November 5 of the
same year.
TO MANlLA— Subscriber, City. The
distance from San Francisco to Manila
by great circle is 6237 miles. From San
Francisco to Yokohama is 4536 miles; Yo
kohama to Hongkong 1490 miles; from
Hongkong to Manila 628 miles. Total,
6654 miles. By the track chart of the
world the distance to Manila via Hono
lulu is 7130 miles.
FIFTEEN-INCH GUNS-W. M., Park j
Cny, Utah. The only vessels of the
United States navy that carry 15-inch j
smooth-bore guns are the monitors
classed as "coast-defense vessels." The
double-turreted monitors classed as "sea
going- monitors" are the Monterey and
Puritan, which carry 12-inch guns, and
the Amphitrite, Miantonomoh, Monad
nock and Terror, which carry 10-inch
guns. The dynamite cruiser Vesuvius
carries three 15-inch dynamite guns. Only
guns on board ship are included in naval
batteries.
THE POUNDKEEPER— M. X., City.
The law which gives the poundkeeper of
San Francisco the right to seize dog 3is
as follows:
The poundkeeper and his deputies shall seize
and take and carry to the public pound every
dog not led by a string, rope or chain, found
running at large in any of the streets or places
not having around his or her neck a collar with
a tag attached
No person owning or having the control of
any dog shall suffer or permit the same to run
at large upon any public street unless a license
tag for the current year for the same haa been
paid.
TRANSATLANTIC CABLES —F. J..
City. The cable of the transatlantic sys
tem of the Anglo-American Company is
from Valentia, Ireland, to Heart's Con
tent, Newfoundland; Commercial Cable
Company, from Waterville, Ireland, to
Canso, Nova Scotia, and from Canso to
New York; Direct United States Cable
Company, Ballinskellig's Bay. Ireland to
Halifax, Nova Scotia, Halifax to Rye
Beac'.i, New Hampshire; Western Union
Company. Sennen Cove, near Penzance,
England, to Dover Bay, near Canso, Nova
Scotia, Dover Bay to New York; Com
pagnie Francaise dv Telegraph de Paris
a New York, from Brest, France, to St.
Pierre-Miq., St. Pierre-Miq. to Cape Cod,
Massachusetts. From all American points
there is communication with Washington,
D. C.
THE FRENCH ALLIANCE— A. L...
City. France sent 6000 men with La
fayette and Rochambeau during the
Revolutionary War. It was understood
for a long time that the French Govern
ment was advancing the sum of $400,000
quarterly with which to purchase arms
and supplies and for fitting out armed
vessels, but it was afterward ascertained
by Benjamin Franklin that the King did
not furnish any money, but allowed Beau
marchais the right to take supplies from
the arsenals with the understanding that
they should be replaced. This led to a
suit which was settled in 1835 by the Uni
ted States Government paying to the
heirs of Beaumarchais a little in excess
of $200,000.
CIVIL, WAR STATISTICS— C. S.. Val- r
lejo, Cal. The number of men in the
Federal army during the war of the re
bellion was 2.018,200. The number of de
sertions is gfven as 199,165. There wef)
killed in battle on the Union side 67,058;
died of wounds, 43,012; died of disease,
199.720; other causes, such as accidents,
murder, death in Confederate prisons, 40,
154; total died, 349,944. Bounties were $3.*).
Those who presented substitutes paid as
much as $2500.
Treat your friends to Townsend's Cali
fornia glace fruits; 50c Ib; fire-etch bxs.»
■.» ♦ «
Peanut taffy; best In the world. Towns
i end's, 627 Market (Palace Hotel bldg.). •
A trap that did not spring. See the Star
to-day. *
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Rare books, valuable to any person, for
sale at Odd Fellows' Library. Seventh and
Market street. Great bargains. •
A Paris letter to the London Mali says:
"At the Bristol the Prince of Wales haa
had his usual small suite of rooms, and
aiso his usual companion— a small, dark
haired dog (somewhat of the bull-terrier
persuasion), which has traveled with him
ever since the little dog which belongel
to Prince 'Eddie' grew too old safely to
leave home."
Excursion to the Yellowstone Park.
A personally conducted excursion will leava
this city July 12 for the Yellowstone Park, vi»
the "Shasta Route" and Northern Pacific Rail
way. Tourists will be accommodated In flrst
class Pullman cars; tickets will be sold, in
cluding berths, meals and trip through the
Park. Send for circular giving rate and itiner
ary to T. K. STATELER, General Agent
Northern Pacific Railway, 638 Market St., S. F.
■ ♦ ■
Excursion to Grand Canyon of the
Colorado. .
A select party of educators and scientists
will leave San Francisco Monday, June 6. for
the Grand Canyon of the Colorado, In charge
of Professor Emory Smith of Palo Alto. Very
low rates have been made and a pleasant and
profitable trip is assured. Full particulars at
Santa Fe Of flee, 644 Market street.
■ - — — ■ ♦ ■ — — ' \
Faded hair recovers its . youthful color and
softness by the use of Parker's Hair Bai sam.
Pabkeb's Ginger Tonic cures inward pains.
« » •
Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitters, the world
renowned appetizer and invigorator, Is used over
the whole civilized world." Beware of Imitations.
« » ■
Queen Wilhelmlna is a bright, fresh
young person on the gui ylve . for enjoy
ment. Her mother, the '..Queen ; Regent,
who weighs about 200, ■ cannot curb her
daughter exuberance of spirits, and
waddles along by her side, wearing a pair
of huge green goggles '"to see the bet
ter, my dear," or to act as a foil to the
kittenish monarch she is chaperoning.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Royal is the highest grade baking powder
known. Actual tests show it goes one-
third further than any other brand.
POWDER
Absolutely Pure
nov At BAKma powoew co., new vomcCLEVELAND'S
NARROW ESCAPE
She Ran Into the Steam
Schooner Sequoia.
CAME VERY NEAR SINKING.
TWO WEEKS REQUIRED TO
MAKE THE REPAIRS.
The Barkentine Catherine Sudden
Sails With the Last of the Kot
zebue Sound Gold Hunt-
Ts Aboard.
The steam schooner Sequoia, in trying
to make a landing at Mission 2 early yes
terday crashed into the steamer Cleveland
:;r,.i broke four of her plates, two frames,
one of the davits, drove another davit into
the hull, wrecked the cabin fittings and
nearly scared the life out of Chief Stew
ard Graham. The latter was quietly read-
Ing the war news when the crash came,
and hft rushed on deck yelling: "The
Spaniards! The Spaniards!"
The Sequoia was coming In from Fort
Bragg with 480,000 feet of lumber aboard.
Captain Thening was keeping close in
shore in order to make his landing at the
wharf, when the ferry steamer Bay City
ONCE MORE IN TROUBLE.
The steam schooner Sequoia played havoc with the steamer
Cleveland's plates and frames yesterday. While trying
to make a landing at Mission-street wharf and at the
same time get out of the way of the ferry steamer Bay
City, the Sequoia crashed into the Cleveland and made
a hole in her side nine feet long.
begun to come out of her slip, While
trying to get out of the way of the ferry
boat the signals to the engine room got
mixed up and the result was a hole nine
feet long in the hull of the Cleveland.
The force of the blow was so great that
w of the Sequoia cut clean through
the Cleveland's heavy iron guard and
drove the iron through the steamers
after cabin.
The accident comes at an unfortunate
time, for the Cleveland has gangs of men
working night and day on her in order
to get her ready for the St. Michael trade.
"When she went on the rocks in Barclay
Sound last year her hull was injured and
temporary repairs were made at Seattle.
Six new frames and a new keelson are
now being put in. and the work is being
completed in a permanent manner, mak
ing the stout old vessel almost as good
as new. With the extra repairs made nec
essary by yesterday's collision it will be
fully 'two weeks before the Cleveland is
ready for sea.
The steamer China arrived from Hong
kong via Yokohama and Honolulu yester
day, a day ahead of schedule time. On the
2<sth inst., at 5:30 p. m., when 2SO miles
from San Francisco, the officers of the
China sighted the transports City of
Peking, City of Sydney and Australia.
From this it would appear as if the troop
ships were going at a uniform speed of
10 knots an hour, as thpy had just been
about twenty-four hours at sea when
spoken by the China. At that rate they
will not reach Honolulu before next
Thursday morniner. The China brought
over 86 cabin passengers and 7 Euv>pean
and 507 Chinese passengers in the steer
age. The vessel went to the quarantine
station to land the Celestials before going
to the dock with her cabin passengers.
Captain Hall of the steamer Coos Bay,
.which arrived from the south yesterday,
reports that he passed the Noon-day rock
buoy adrift six miles south by east of
Pillar Point.
W. P. McFaul, B. R. Jones and H. C.
Warwick of the California-Alaska Navi
gation and Commercial Company, now in
the second year of its properity, have pur
chased a controlling interest in the Alas
ka Transportation Company. By this
deal, W. P. McFaul becomes president,
and B. R. Jones, secretary and treasurer
of the Alaska Transportation Company,
at the same time retaining their former
positions as president and general man
ager, respectively, of the California-Alas
ka Navigation and Commercial Company.
Both companies continue their corporate
identity, the sole purpose of this deal be
ing the acquisition of a fleet of steam
boats for the Yukon River business, which
includes the Queen of the Yukon, Alice
Rix and two others, now on the Yukon
River. These boats are splendidly equip
ped for the rapid handling of freight and
comfortable accommodations for passen
gers, and will be operated on the Yukon in
connection with the ocean steamers of J.
8. Kimball & Co., whose steamer Dirigo
Bails on June 1 from this port, and will
ADVERTISEMENTS.
POLAR BEAR^JNE
First Class $200 To Dawson.
ALASKA-YUKON TRANSPORTATION CO.
■ ACT r»H A TV^F 7 To Engage Passage on Steamer for First Trip
LAO I Vll/All VL Up the River. .. . ,
THE NEW, ELEGANT ELECTRIC-LIGHTED
STEAMER "NATIONAL CITY"
WILL BE DISPATCHED :
™° V » T MAY 31, 1898, for DAWSON CITY,
CONNECTING AT ST. MICHAEL WITH OUR FLEET
OF RIVER STEAMERS FOR ALL YUKON POINTS. -:
THE WORLD-FAMOUS "* [V C* F7lF 7 1 C/QR" F^aV^P ? *
OCEAN STEAMER EZ S\> \*EmtJL<^rM KJMy For Above Point*
FTP FF 250 POUNDS OF BAGGAGE. OUR STEAMERS ARE
rICCI-;.;piO LIMIT TO EXCESS. THE FINEST ON THE YUKON.
THE LOWEST OF FREIGHT RATES CAN BE OBTAINED.
GENERAL OFFICE 3 BTEUART ST., SAN FRANCISCO.
connect at St. Michael with the Queen of
the Yukon for Dawson City.
The last of the Kotzebue Sound fleet of
sailing vessels has got away for the gold
fields. The fast barkentine Catherine Sud
den left port with one of the most en
thusiastic parties of gold hunters aboard
that has ever left San Francisco. They
had been living on the vessel for nearly
a week before sailing day, so they knew
exactly what to expect when they got
to sea. The accommodations were first
class and the food all that could be de
sired. C. Dickey, who engineered the
Catherine Sudden expedition, went out
on the vessel as far as the Nine Fathom
buoy, and was given three hearty cheers
as tie boarded the tug. The gold hunters
were in the host of sDlrits when he left,
and all of them expect to come back with
wealth to spare. Among those who sailed
on the barkentine were:
Charles M. Garneld. F. S. Phelps. Cy Mul
key. Pete Nelson, Robert Harris, H. Fother
gill, G. H. Waller, Andrew Keyser, Pr. J.
W. Sorrick. Gforge Sargent. C. H. Dakins, F.
Plater, John R. Westley, E. W. Clark, F. M.
Shultz. C. Ashley. M. Fleming. John Meador,
K. H. Kimble, S. E. Button. E. P. Werner. P.
Gwinn, F. L. Perkins. George Dletrick. R. B.
Johnson, A. Schibsby, Hans Koch, Charles
. W 11. Diehl, C. M. Steams. M.
I'remo, Henry I'tzman, Frank rtzman. Charts
Wooster J S. Mills, W. W. Ford. J. W. Rals
ton S. A. Ralston, E. Gould, O. O. Scott. O.
F.izkan. H. 1- die. J. H. Cole. G. H. Mach
triebe. Paul Striebe, 1.. S. Semple. C. C.
'"rune D R Matson, E. McElwaine. George
Layman, G. H. Harmon. J. F. Church. Wil
liam MoGilvray. John Buck, Hut;h Kennedy,
David Morris. W. A. Rogers, William Sim
mr.ns. Dr. E. W. Biddle, Dr. J. S. Stone. C. F.
Mier, Gf-.rjjc Raver, C. Halverson. H. S. Mc-
Donald. "W. J Langdon, Albert Sunborg. L.
McDanlels. William Pippins. John Hlggy, F.
Grunholz. Fred Parsons, George Havener. J.
Edelan, J. S. Clark.
BENEWAL OF VOWS.
Gentlemen's Sodality Will Inaugu
rate the Ceremony on Sunday.
On Sunday morning, May 29. at the 7:30
mass, in their own chapel on Hayes street,
the Gentlemen's Sodality attached to St.
Ignatius Church will inaugurate there a
ceremony which has been held annually
by kindred organizations in Europe, that
is "The renewal of their pledges of con
secration to the Blessed Virgin Mary,"
which means the promising ot the leading
of a good life by charitable works, fre- j
quenting the sacraments regularly, and
the encouragement of devotion to the
Blessed Mother of God.
The chapel has been specially decorated
for the occasion, and the grotto, which
is a fac-simile of the one in ;Lourdes, will
be ornamented with fairy lights and a
profusion of flowers.
The membership of the Gentlemen's
Sodality at present is 700, from all walks
in life, and the Very Rev. Father Freiden,
S. J., president of St. Ignatius College,
has generously given them a large room
adjoining their library where they might
meet and enjoy themselves in a social
manner.
The Rev. J. Hickey, S. J., will preside
at the Sunday, morning ceremony, and all
the officers will be present.
■ m •
SEWERAGE AT FOLSOM PRISON.
The Prison Commissioners Will Ask
a Loan From the State
Examiners.
The Prison Commissioners, at a meet
ing held in this city Thursday, decided to
ask the State Board of Examiners for au
thority to draw $15,000 for the purpose of
constructing a proper system of sewer
age at the Folsom prison. The amount
asked for would, if taken out of the reg
ular appropriation for the maintenance
of Folsom. leave a deficiency of that
amount; hence the directors concluded to
ask the (.xaminers to authorize its ex
penditure.
Should the examiners accede to the rec
ommendation of the directors the amount
will be used in the construction of a
proper system of sewerage at the Fol
som prison.
The water supply of Sacramento, which
has been recently discussed through the
public press and by the city authorities
of that municipality, is the motive which
has prompted the directors to appeal to
the Board of Examiners for authority to
expend the amount asked for.
To the Public.
The pipe removed from my place of business,
623 Golden Gate avenue, by the police and
claimed by Puffy Bros., was bought In good
faith of the Western Tool Company, 648 Mission
street, Hofmann & Co., proprietors, and of S.
Taylor, 664 Mission st.
HENRY HTTFSCHMIDT.
Page Must Appeal.
Judge Wallace yesterday refused to set
tle the bill of exceptions presented by At
torney J. N. E. Wilson, representing
James D. Page, recently convicted of em
bezzlement for the third time. Page had
delayed beyond the statutory time for the
tiling of the bill and the only recourse
now Is to the Supreme Court of the State.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAT 28, 1898.
SHE REMEMBERED THE POOR.
The Late Mrs. Frank M. Plxleu, Whose Heart and Hand Were
' Ever Open to the Needy.
THIS is the last photograph of Mrs. Frank M. Pixley, widow of the late editor
Df the Arjonaut who died suddenly of heart disease at her summer home
In Corte Madera on Thursday night. The news of her demise was received
with regret by all who knew her. as she was beloved by every one for
her kindness of heart and charitable disposition.
Although a sufferer from an affection of the heart she was otherwise enjoy
ing the best of health. On retiring she made no complaint, and the suddenness
of her taking off surprised and grieved every one. Dr. fa. S. Kahn had for some
time past treated her for the malady, and shortly after her death he was In
formed and was profoundly shocked.
Mrs Pixley's birthplace was Philadelphia, and she entered this world In 1833.
She was the only child of Captain and Mrs. John L. Van Reynegom, one of
the. Quaker City; s oldest families. She met her future husband In this city in
1553 and despite parental objection was married. While her husband was en
gaged in his chosen field during those stirring times Mrs. Pixley rarely went out
side her own circle. Her deeds of kindness and charity made tier known through
out the city. She was deeply engaged in church work and was a benefactor of
the Episcopal Church of St. Mary the Virgin.
Before her husband's death she adopted Herbert Harrington Weller, the 2
year-old son of Herbert B. and Fannie M. Weiler. The latter had been the
adopted daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Pixley.
HARMONY
FOR THE
DEMOCRATS
A Committee of One
Hundred Appointed,
MUCH TROUBLE EXPECTED
SULLIVAN FORCES CLAIM A
VICTOHr.
The Real Contest Will Come To-Day
When the Report is Brought
Before the State Or
ganization.
A committee consisting of one hun-<
dred Democrats has been selected to
take charge of the affairs of the local
Democracy.
The work of selecting the committee
was completed last evening by the nire
members of the State Central Commit
tee who were delegated ome time ago
with power to bring about harmony in
the ranks of the party in this city. Jt
was first projosed to decline to recog
nize the claims of both the Harney and
Sullivan factions and to appoint a new
County Committee, to consist of five
Democrats from each of the Assembly
districts. With a slight modification
this plan has been adhered to, but in
stead of giving each of the Assembly
districts equal representation it was
decided to select the members of the
new committee at large, regardless of
territorial boundaries. This was done,
and as the friends of the Sullivan fac
tion had a majority of one in the Bub
committee the majority of their ap
pointees are anti-Harneyites. This, as
a matter of course, is not satisfactory
to the followers of Governor Budd, and
as a consequence there is trouble brew
ing.
The real contest for the control of the
Democracy of San Francisco will be
made in the State Central Committee
when it meets to-day. The Committee
of One Hundred is not satisfactory to
the Budd faction, a fact that will lead
to an attempt to nullify the acts of the
Committee of Nine. This attempt will
take the form of an amendment to the
report of the subcommittee. The
amendment will be to the effect that
the Committee of One Hundred be in
structed to conduct a primary election
for the purpose of selecting the mem
bers of a new county committee which
is to have the direction and control of
the affairs of the local Democracy.
Should such an amendment be adopt
ed the Committee of One Hundred
would then be robbed of any power or
authority other than that of conduct
ing the primary. This being accom
plished it would then cease to exist.
Instead of being in itself the county
committee, as it was intended to be, it
would be only the instrument through
which the county committee is to be
brought into life.
This plan Is a bold one and is only
rendered feasible by the fact of the
supposed power of Governor Budd in
the Central Committee. If it be true
that he has control of the State organi
zation then it will be possible for him
to carry the scheme through and thus
rob his opponents of their apparent vic
tory. The Harney Democrats have
practical control of the party organiza
tion in the city and should a primary
for the election of a new county com
mittee be ordered they would no doubt
be able to secure the election of a ma
jority of their candidates. With such
a situation in prospect to-day's meet
ing of the State Central Committee
should not be devoid of interest.
FAMOUS BEAR KILLED
ON THE COTTONWOOD.
"Old Club Foot" Fights a Desperate
Battle Against Three Well-
Known Hunters.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., May 26.— The
gTeat, fat, powerful carcass of "Old
Clubfoot," the famous grizzly known to
all old California hunters and prospectors
on this coast, arrived In Bakarsuald thi*
afternoon. She was killed last Monday
on the head of Cottonwood Creek, near
the southern boundary of Kern County.
It required a two days' battle of three
men with long-range Winchesters to
bring down the monster, besides the as
sistance of a number of dogs. These men
had been hot on the trail of "Clubfoot"
more than a week. Last Sunday morning
two of them came in sight of her, and the
battle opened at a distance of 600 yards,
and ranged from that down to a few
yards. It was a most desperate and
thrilling encounter. Finally the hunters'
ammunition gave out. Late in the even
ing they called off their dogs and went to
camp. Early next morning they returned,
and with the aid of the dogs "Old Club
foot" was again found. The hunters
opened tire nn her, and the battle raged
all day before the monster gave up the
ghost." She weighed 11M pounds. Sh.' W9M
'<i.. feet long, ''• feet across back, with head
ls'inches broad. The teeth of the animal
were almost worn oft", showing her srreat
age The plucky hunters were John A.
Johnson, Jean Pool ami James McKen
z!<\ who say that '•Clubfoof has ranged
the mountains of Kern, Santa Barbara
and Ventura for the past thirty years.
She has killed a numbor of men In battle,
and a whole herd of cattle, in her day.
Eleven bullets were fired into her head
and neck. Nearly a hundred shots were
fired. _.
PLENTY OF FUN
FOR THE SPORTS
KNOCK-OUTS, TRY-OUTS AND
HURRICANE GOES.
An Interesting Entertainment of
Varied Delights Provided by
the Excelsior Athletic
Club.
Knockouts, tryouts and hurricane
flphting was the rule at the Excelsior
Athletic Club's fistic entertainment last
night. Nearly 800 sports sat around the
ringside and seemed to derive more en
joyment out of the bouts than "is g-enerally
had at one of the big SO**.
Jimmy Reilly managed to land his right
on Jack McMahon's Jaw during the lat
ter end of the first round of their eight
round go and ended his chances of vic
tory Before the final coup de grace was
delivered however, M< Mahon proved him
self the cleverer by repeatedly landing on
Reilly at will. His blows lacked strength,
and his more heavy opponent was able
to withstand them. McMahon weighed
124 and Reilly 130 pounds.
Sergeant Brophy ordered the eight
round bout between Pat Brown and Jim
Lee stopped in the middle of the second
round as he feared Brown might be hurt.
"Kid ' Parson, a young arrival from Ohio,
was tried out by Jimmy I-awler. Four
rounds of rapid sparring was indulP''d in,
resulting in Parson receiving a closed eye
and being knocked down by his more
Bhifty opponent.
Mr' Caveny recited "The Picture on the
Floor" with pathos and wonderful gesti
culations. His work was so realistic that
the crowd was moved to repeated ap
plause Pat Lynch and Fred Groom, Kid
Hogan and Tom Devine, Young Peter
Jackson and Jack Powers boxed friendly
The next exhibition of the club will be
held In its new quarters In Teutonla Hall.
A FARMER IS RUN
OVER BY A MOWER.
Robert Headly, a Prominent Man
Living Near Napa, Is Proba
bly Fatally Injured.
NAPA, May 25. — A distressing accident,
which will probably result fatally, oc
curred this afternoon on the county road,
three miles from here, near Carneros
Creek. Robert Headly, a prominent far
mer, while driving his mowing machine
from one field to another along the road,
stopped to talk with a neighbor. The
team suddenly became frightened and
commenced to run. Mr. Headly grabbed
the horses by the bits and hung on while
they dragged him along. He finally had
to let go, and the mowing machine passed
over his body. Mr. Brown, with whom he
had been talking, picked up the uncon
scious man and carried him to his resi
dence, where he still remains unconscious
up to a late hour to-night. Drs. Haun
and Kahn of Napa were summoned. The
Injured man has a wife and a large num
ber of children.
TAMALPAIS ACADEMY.
Graduating Exercises of the Class of
'98 — An Address by David
Starr Jordan.
SAN RAFAEL. May 25.— The graduat
ing exercises of the' class of "98, Tamal
pals Military Academy, were held at 11
a. m. to-day at the Presbyterian Church,
the principal feature of the programme
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
being an address by David Starr Jordan,
president of Stanford University. The
great educator gave the boys some ex
cellent advice in laying out their life
work.
Rev. Dr. Noble, the pastor, made a
short speech, dwelling especially on the
need of cultivating the spiritual nature.
The diplomas were presented by Principal
Crosby. The following were the gradu-
Thomas H. Blair, Thomas I. C. Barr.
Albert M. Bard. George C. Bailey, Henry
A. Campbell, Soo Hoo Dong. Frank C.
Dutton, William J. Hogg, Lawrence Law
son, James R. McDonald, Arthur H. Rice
and Harry H. Wilkins.
BISMARCK WAS
NOT INTERVIEWED
But the Correspondent of a News
Agency Made Him Say Con
siderable.
BERLIN, May 26.— Recent dispatches
from New York, stating that an Amer
ican news agency had interviewed
Prince Bismarck on the eventuality of
an Anglo-Saxon treaty of alliance
caused me to make careful inquiries
concerning the amount of truth in this
rumor, which bore on its face — at least
for any one at all familiar
with the habits of the Prince —
proof of its inaccuracies. As a
matter of fact. Prince Bismarck
would never for a moment talk with
the press men about such a subject,
and there are about two chances in 100
that the reporter of the American news
agency, in all events in his capacity as
a journalist, would get a word on such
a subject with Prince Bismarck. As
a matter of fact, the journalist in ques
tion was refused admittance to the
Prince's residence.
TWO OFFICERS AMD A
TRAILER ARE KILLED
Two Fugitive Train Robbers Whom
They Had Cornered Shoot
Them and Escape.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. Mex., May 26.—
Under Sheriff Frank Vigil, Deputy Sher
iff Dan Bustamente and an Indian trailer
were killed yesterday by the two despera
does who held up the Santa Fe passenger
train last Tuesday. The two officers,
with a number of Pueblo Indian trailers,
had surrounded the camp of the robbers
on Alamosa Creek, sixty-five miles west
of Bclen. When the robbers were order
ed to surrender they opened fire with
Winchester rifles. One of the robbers is
thought to have been wounded, but both
escaped, leaving their horses. When the
news reached Santa Rita to-day another
large posse started in pursuit.
Cole to Be Coiner at the Mint.
WASHINGTON, May 26.— The President
to-day sent these nominations to the
Senate: Ralph J. Whiteledge of Missouri
to be supervising inspector of steam ves
sels. Fourth District; Daniel T. Cole,
coiner of the Mint, San Francisco; Samuel
W. Campbell of Colorado to be first lieu
tenant in the First Regiment Volunteer
Engineers (the nomination of Thomas J.
Sullivan of Colorado for above position
withdrawn.)
Navy— Lieutenant Kossuth Niles to be
a lieutenant-commander; Lieutenant (Ju
nior grade) F. T. Chapin to be lieutenant;
Davis Bell Kerr of Virginia and Charles
A. Crawford of Mississippi to be assist
ant surgeons In the navy. ,
No one will use a fountain pen after
trying a "Koh-I-Nnor" copying pencil. •
First Barley of the Season.
MARYSVILLE, May 26.— The first new
barley of the season of IS9B was delivered
in this market to-day, having been
thrashed this week on the farm of George
Sutnmy. It is the earliest delivery of
barley "ever known here, the previous rec
ord being June 9, in 1576. It is good qual
ity, as will bo all cereals in this section,
and there will be more than a two-thirds
crop.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COLD PICK W
JOHNSON - LOCKE MERCANTILE
COMPANY,
*09 Market Street, San Francisce,
6OLE AGENTS
STEAMERS FOR ALASKA AND KOTZE-
BUE SOUND,
Will Dispatch the Following Steamers!
m A. V :25th—
JOR DUTCH HARBOR, NUNIVAK ISLAND*
HOOPERS BAY, ST. MICHAEL ANK
DAWSON CITY.
THE STEAMSHIP
TILLAMOOK.
/V\/W 28th-
FOR KOTZEBUE SOUND, DUTCH HAJfc
I BOR. NUXIVAK ISLAND. HOOPERS
BVY ST. MICHAEL AND DAW-
SON CITY,
The Newly-built Triple Expansion Steamer
GRACE DOLLAR,
Connecting at th* raoutk of the Futnaia
River with the river Steamer ARCTIC BIRD,
which will transfer passengers up th« Putnam
River about the vicinity or Fort Cosmos.
JUNE Ist—
FOR ST. MICHAEL, DAWSON CTTT AND
YUKON RIVER POINTS,
The Magnificent Steamer
MORGAN CITY.
Capacity 700 Passengers. 2000 Tons of Freight
The above steamers are the finest of theif
class; every comfort given to passengers; best
table set of any line running .to Alaska, It
you are going to Alaska go by a reliable line.
For information address
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE COMPANY.
60JLM* .8t_St.._§*a Francisco^
THE PRICE OF
CROWN FLOUR
HAS THIS DAY BEEN REDUCED
25c PER BARREL.
Ban Francisco. May 28, 1898. .
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
\ 1 / / Full £ci Teeth... ss.(lo up
V WtiJi/* GoMCrowus,22-k 13.50 up
Fillings .25c up
-iff * *%Cr— No charge extracting
'■^T^k,^MJff^y teeth when plates .
"^"^VSffln&jnßxi* 11 -- are ordered.
-S^M^^VAN VROOM
/^'fn ' Electro-Dental Parlors,
' /k*' -'- -; BIXTH AND MARKET STB.
PChtchcster's Edjellbli Diamond Brand. -
ENNYROYAL PILLS
_^£"^ :f 4 Original and Only Genuine. • A. i '
"?"*>rv a»rE. »lw»yi relUble. ladies *>!e A\
/• <S vS->» Droirlst for CMcktMtr-t Kn-jliah. -Dio-iWVX
£w4Jc^E»\men^i?ran<i la Ked «nd (.old meul!loV\Sr
Tfcv T^\g*Jboxe«. trslad with blue ribbon. Take
TM S^wlno other. . Rtfutt dangerous «u6»riiu- ▼
.1-1 ■S.'* /if timuar.d imitations. At DrogtliU, trKiKfi
It— W in lUnpi for partloolari. tsitlsioaUla tn4
\©• B " Relief for Ladle*," inlttUr. by rttmrm
m X 'IF Mall. • 10.000 TMtlm»nl»l». Wmmt Pup*.
— r'Cfcl < "*»e»ter Chemical 1 *?" Bs"?f>B 5"?f>
I*l4 by aU Local UroESi"*- , PIIILAUJUf **4»
DR.MCNDLTY.
WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABLE OLb
.1 Spec iallstcwMi*rlv*te,NerTOUB,llloo<!aiid Skin
Diseases of lien only. Manly Power restored. Over
20yearn>xperieiica. Send for Boole, free. Patients
cuVfdat Hornn. 'Jfcrraa reasonable. Hours. 9 to
dai!y;6:3o toS.Eoev**B. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. ■ Coll oraddxeai
IP. ROSCOE MeNUIiTT, Vt.lt.,
«6'; Kearnr Str*e«. Lan rrancUeo. fmX
lash
ADVERTISEMENTS.^^^
YOUNG AT SIXTY.
Serene comfort and happiness in ad-
vanced years are realized by compara-
tively few women.
Their hard lives, their liability to se- j
rious troubles on account of their pecu-
liar organism and their profound igno-
rance concerning' themselves, all com-
bine to shorten the period of usefulness
and fill their later years with suffering 1 .
Mrs. Pinkham has done much to make
women strong. She has given advice
to many that has shown them how to
guard against disease and retain vigor-
ous health in old age. From every cor-
ner of the earth there is constantly com-
ing the most convinciug statements
from women, showing the efficacy of
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound in overcoming female ills. Here
is a letter from Mrs. J. C. Orms, of 220
Homer St. , Johnstown, Pa., •which is
earnest and. straight to the point :
" Deab mW Pi.vkham: — I feel it my
duty to tell all suffering women that I
think your remedies are wonderful. I
had trouble with my head, diz y spells
and hot flashes. Feet and hands were
cold, was very nervous, could not sleep
well, had kidney trouble, pain in
ovaries and congestion of the womb.
Since taking your remedies I am better
every way My head trouble is all
gone, have no pain in ovaries, and am
cured of womb trouble, I can eat and
sleep well and am gaining in flesh. I
consider your medicine the best to be
had for female troubles."
The present Mrs. Pinkham* experi-
ence in treating- female ills is un paral-
lelled, for years she worked side by
side with Mrs. Lydia E. Pinkham, and
for sometime past has had sole charge
of the correspondence department of
her great business, treating by letter
as many as a hundred thousand ailing
women during a single year.
Editor, James H. Barry.
Ask Your Newsdealer for It.
NOT A DULL LINE, j
S CENTS A COPY.
$1.50 per Year.
OFFICE : 429 Montgomery St.
Market Street.
To Lease
Near Eighth street — Large lot
fronting 200 feet on Market street
by 275 feet. Vacant, or owner
will build. Ten-year lease.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH,
30 Montgomery St.
AMUSEMENTS. "
~SLTTRO IBATHS.^
SUNDAY, May 29, at 2:30 p. m.
SOLDIERS' DAY.
AQUATIC EXHIBITION!
by the
VOLUNTEER CORPS
Of Kansas. Colorado. Utah. Minnesota, and
■Wyoming.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN, 6c
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during ths season.
! Music. Dancing. Bowling. . Boating. Fishing
i and other amusements. -: ■_ • ' • :- • ■
Refreshments at city prices. Fare, round
trip, 250 ; Children. 16o; Including admla«loB
!*° grounds^ HB STEAMER UKIAH- „
Will leave Tiburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m.. U:W.
I and 4 p. m. Returning, leav» El Campo M
11:15 a. m.. 1. 8 and 5 p. m. ■ ___
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
PACIFIC COAST BASEBALL LEAGUE.
CHAMPIONSHIP OF PACIFIC COAST.
TO-DAY AT 3 P. ■M.
•'..',: OAKLAND VS. FRESNO. '
Admission, 25c; Children, 10c.
He was a foreman of the street cleaning de-
partment in New York City and, when speaking
of Ripans Tabules, said : " I used to have lots
of trouble with my heart, caused, my doctor
said, from an imperfect digestion. Amongst other
remedies I used Ripans Tabules, and they are the
finest thing I ever tried. They ' knocked out ' the
indigestion, and relieved the trouble in my heart,
whatever it was. Since I began to use them, my
bowels are regular, and I feel ten per cent better.
I can't recommend them too highly."
AMUSEMENTS. . :
MCROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter ilorosco, Sole Lessee and Maaaxor..
Evening Prices— loc, 25c and 50c
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND HOLIDAY MATINEE
Decoration Day, May SO.
Last Four ! Saturday Matinee and Evening.
Performances | Sunday Matinee and Evening.
Of THE ELLEFORDS. In Their Great Comedy
Success,
"MRS. PARTINGTON AND HER
SON IKE."
-Next— P. Webster, In "BOTTOM OF
THE SEA." i •
BALDWIN THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY! TO-NIGHT!
SUNDAY. NIGHT— Request Concert at Popular
Prices.
THE GREAT VIOLINIST.
Y&/YVB !
Accompanied by the World's Greatest Cellist,
GERARDY,
And the Distinguished Pianist, LACHAUME.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LAST TWO NIGHTS— MATINEE TO-DA.T.
ROBERT B. MANTELL,
• And a Select Company. Management of M. W.
. Hanley, Presenting
THE FACE IN THE MOONLIGHT.
Beginning NEXT MONDAY, MAY 80.
MR. CLAY CLEAIi-.NT IN "THE NEW DO-
MINION."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
HOPKINS TRANS-OCEANIC STAR
SPECIALTY CO.,
Headed by Frank Gardner and His "Wonderful
Trained Riding Baboon. JESSIE.
LITTLE LULU, the Marvelous Trapeze Artist.
10— OTHER BIG ACTS— IO
Popular Prices, 15<\ 25c and 60c.
Special Holiday Matinee Nest Monday.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAYS. MAY M.
Parquet, Any Seat, 26c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren 10c, Any Part.
EZRA KENDALL, Original Monologuist.
CARROLL JOHNSON. Famous Minstrel.
AX. LEACH AND THE THREE ROSEBUDS.
COLBY A WAY, Ventriloquist and Dancing
Doll; HARRY ALLISTErt. Impersonator; SA-
VANS Acrobatic Comedians; MANHATTAN'
POIIFDY FOUR* JEROMK & P.KLL. Posi-
tively lait nt K ht of KERNER'S VISIONS GH-
AUT. New Subjects. _
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreline. Proprietor and Manas**
THIS EVENING.
The Brilliant Succesa,
The Musical Travesty,
"THE POSTER"
"it moves— it BREATHES."
TVIF?W SCENERY. COSTUMES,
r( LL W ballets, effects.
Lookout tor
"AN AMERICAN HERO."
A New Comic Opera. ■
Popular Prices ...aSo •*»« Wo
No Telephone. '
A T /-I** >7 A T~\ SEATS BY
ALCAZAR. HAl £» 2 <r4?-
MATINEE TO-DAY AT. 2.
To-night and To-morrow,^Laat Time*.
"YORICK'S LOUEI"
PRICES 15c. 23c, 35c, 50c.
DECORATION DAY MATINEE.
LEIA/JS MORRISON
In His Original Creation,
"THE MASTER OF CEREMONIES."
m, SATURDAY, MAY 28, 1898,
TaTTHE CHUTES,
AT THE CHUTES,
BENEFIT FOR THE
RED CROSS SOCIETY!
Given by the
VEREIN OESTERREICH.
All Regular Shows. Zoo, Theater, etc.
At 5 p. m., Special Performance.
TOM BHARKEY Volunteered to Give a Six-
Round Boxing Exhibition.
TYROLEAN SINGERS, eta.
Gates Open at 10 a. m.
Admission. 10c; Children, 80.
UNION COURSING PARK.
THREE DAYS 1 COURSING?
SATURDAY. SUNDAY, MONDAY.
May 28, 29 and 80.
130 Greyhounds
■ Largest Stake Ever Run in America.
GRAND TOTAL PRIZES, $1480.
CHANGE OF TIME.
Train leaves Third and Townsend ' street*-*
SATURDAY, 1 p.m.; SUNDAY, ll a. m., tt
m IP m. and 2 p. m.: MONDAY. 11 a. m.
and 1 p m Valencia street 5 minutes later.-
Returning, leave the Park immediately after
the last course, and Sunday, 4:45 p. m. also.
Ban Mateo electric cars every 10 minutes.
r\l VMDII I c <*"«' of Moon «nl
ULllurlA | Eddy struts.
More soul-inspiring war scenes, new Ufa plo-
tures by the BlOßraph, the greatest of perfecto-
scopes. United States and Spanish troops, bat-
tleships, torpedo boats and thrilling Havana
rcenes, and a strong olio of ten Great Special-
tie,. Matinee every Sunday. Admission free.
78
YACHTS WILL
SAIL FOR
PRIZE FLAGS
The California yachtsmen did not do
much sailing: on Sunday last, as they were
busy setting their craft ready for to
morrow's regatta. At about noon the
sloops V and I and Hope started down
the creek, the former Hying the acting
commodore's flag- On board the Hope,
sailed by A. Duncombo. were Mrs. A.
Duncombe, Messrs. Martin, Griffiths and
Hanlon. U and I reached the Goat Island
cove at 3 o'clock and Hope a little later.
Secretary G. F. Galther of the sloop U
and I effected a landing on the island,
but was soon compelled to return to his
boat.
Commodore C. J. and Mrs. Lancaster
and Captain H. Spratt visited the Cali
fornia clubhouse last Sunday, the com
modore having with him the model of a
new boat he Intends to build. She will
be sixty feet over all. Idler is almost
ready to come off the "ways." Work on
the sloop Occident is being pushed for
ward, and Bhe is expected to be in com
mission in two weeks. If she should out
sail the sloops Edna and Embla she will
challenge for the perpetual trophy. Ihe
sloop Gypsie is launcncd and will be in
commission shortly. Carl A. Tarnberg of
the sloop Mist is trying to get her ready
in time for to-morrow's regatta. A. M.
Clay and G. F. Gaither intend to build
gome new "ways" for small yachts.
Rattler Jr. has been launched and litted
witii her new mast.
To-morrow the California lacht Cluo
will hold its filth regatta for class flags.
The computing yachts will be divided lni
three classes, the Brat consisting of yacht
of a sailing length of twenty-six feet o
under; the second of yacnts of a t?aillr.
lengtn of thirty feet or under; the thin
of j achts at a sailing length of forty fee
or under. The preparatory gun will b
tired at 12:50 p. m., the gun for class on
at 1 p. m., that for class two at 1:10 p. m
and that for class three at 1:20 p. m. Th
course, which id reckoned at ten nautica.
miies, will be from the narrow-gaug
mole to Blossom Rock buoy, around it
and thence to the can buoy of the bnion
Iron 'Works, near Mission Rock; around
that ami thence to the finishing line be
tween the southerly pier head ami a stake
boat The course must be completed
within four hours. .Every competing
yacht must be sailed by a member ut t!.c
club and may not carry any professional
except the owner or boatkseper on board
during the race.
A meeting to conclude arrangements for
the regatta was held at the ciubhou.se on
evening. There were present:
Commodore C. J. .Lancaster, Vice-Com
modore George B. Kdgar. Treasurer h.
N. V.'alter. Secretary George r. Gaitner,
Directors Harry Brydges and C. P.Moore
George Miller of the sloop Occident and
B W. Robson of the sioop Volante were
elected members of the club. The regatta
committee consists of J. W. Homer, G.
turn Suden, C. P. Moore and G. 1?. Gai
ther J. W. liorner will act as starter. \\
H Gould and J. W. Homer ad timers, and
probably Admiral E. A. yon Schmidt as
judge F. J. Mortitt's launch Augusta, X
Flanders' launch Ariel and other launches
belonging to the members will attend the
rG Tne California fleet numbers thirty
three yachts and six launches The lib
foot Class includes the yachts Major Lv- j
cile, Regina. Royal, Unknown Cortane. •
Lumta, Verona, Volante, L and I, JKUSI,
Sea Fox. Phoenicia, Stranger and Pil
grim The- two last will probably not
.start. The 30-foqt class consists of MAS
cotte, Hope, Halcyon. Surprise, Bachelor.
"Whirlwind and Lily V. The two last will
not start In the 4»»-foot class are Embla,
Edna. Thelma, Sapyho, Idler, Gypsie.. Oc
cident and Rover. Occident is not yet in
commission, and Rover and Gypsie are
also non-starters.
The yachting event of Decoration day
wlll be' the Corinthian Club regatta. All
tin- clubs except me Soutii Hays have a j
cruise to witness it set down on their
programmes for May 4 M. The regatta
committee consists of J. H. Hopps, P. J.
Martenstein and W. F. Dlxey; T. L. Mil
ler being measurer. The probable start
ers are as follows: In class 1, including
all boats over 36 feet racing length-
Clara Elia. Mixie. Speedwell and Pride;
in the 36-foot class— Thelma. Freda. Edr.a
and possibly Thetis- in the 30-foot class-
Aeolus, Truant and Halcyon; in the 25
foot class— Mistral, Merope, Phoenicia
ard possibly Cupid: in the 20-foot class
there will probably be few or no starters.
Pride, Elia. Truant, Aeolus and Thelma
are on the beach at Tiburon being got
ready for the race, and Speedwell is on
the "ways."
c toe long whistle will be blown at 11:40
as a signal to the yachts to get ready.
At 11:45 live whistles, yachts of the 20
foot class start. At 12 four whistles,
yachts of the l'3-foot class. At 12515 three
whistles, yachts of the 30-foot class. At
12:30 two whistles, yachts of the 3t>-foot
class. At 12:45 one whistle, yachts of
class 1. Yachts will be allowed ten min
utes within which to cross the line
the course must be covered within five
hours or the race will be sailed again.
On Saturday last the Speedwell sailed
up to Yallejo, returning on Sunday. A.
J. Young and wife, with J. H. Hopps and
wife, sailed over in the sloop Clara to
Sausalito. F. F. Ames' Elia went up to
Mare Island on Sunday, returning the
Fame day. Mignon went to McNear's
landing. Several of the Corinthian yachts
sailed In the channel and watched the
lines of tents at the Presi/Uo. Commo
dore C. YVesterfeld's Aeolus, after pall
ing along the Presidio shor». went round
Angel Island and up to McNear's.
Commodore Dr. T. 1.,. Hill took tho
flagship Cygnus of the San Francipcos
tip to McNear's, where, were several Cor
inthian boats, and E. A. Wiltsee's Aggie.,
until recently flagship of the Pnciflc
Yacht Club. Captain R. L,. Eames sailed
the yawl Phyllis of the Corinthian Yacht
Club to Paradise Cove, having on board
Mrs. R. L. Eames. Misses Charmian KH
teridge, Lynette Payne, McCrea, Messrs.
C. S. Greene and Cushman.
Secretary H. M. Landsberger of the En
clnal Yacht Club has Bent out to the
members a circular, saying that the la
dles' cruise to San Mateo, set for June 4
and 5, has been postponed to September
3, 4 and f>, the manager of the Hotel Ma
teo having given notice that he would be
unable to provide adequate accommoda
tions on June 4 and 5 for the number of
guests expected to join in the cruise.
To-morrow Dr. T. 1,. Hill, commodore
of the San Francisco Yacht Club, will sail
up to Marln Islands, anchor there for the
r.ight and come down on Monday to view
the Corinthian regatta. Arrangements
have been made for the moonlight cruise
of the San Franclscos on June 4 and 5 to
MrN'car's landing, and for a dance in the
pavilion there.
The South Bay Yacht Club has a cruise
to Dumbarton Point set down on its pro
gramme- for to-morrow. On Decoration
day on© or two boats may cruise up to
the city to witness the Corinthian regat
ta, and to show the South Bay burgee to
the yachtsmen of the northern bay.
MARKSMEN WHO ARE
DEATH TO SPANIARDS.
Amonp the fellows brave at heart and
strong of muscle who left snug positions
in this city to enlist in the volunteer
service were th% popular marksmen Al
bert Ehrenpfort, president of the Cali
fornia Schuetzen Club, and H. C. Man
gels. Into lieutenant of the San Francisco
Fusiliers, who enlisted a.s a private in the
First Regiment, which loft this city for
the Philippine Islands last Thursday.
Those two able representatives of the
Golden West will certainly not waste
much of Uncle Sam's ammunition if they
are called upon to give an account of
thomsnlvcs before the Dons, as they are
b<!h remarkably fine shots.
■ Ehrenpfort, who acted as range cap
tain of Company H, California State
Militia, made at the last monthly medal
shoot he attended on April 10 the highest
More ever recorded with a Springfield
rifle in Sehuetzen Park, namely, 49 out
of a possible 50. at 200 yards range. Young
Ehrenpfort is a son of the well-known
capitalist and founder of the California
Bchuetsen Club, William Ehr**npfr>rt, who
In IBW was a member of ;h" first Cali
fornia rifle team that captured the Cen
tennial trophy in Philadelphia from teams
of crack marksmen representing all
States in the Union.
When Philo Jacohy, the father of our
California champions of the rifle, visited
the steamer City of Peking prior to Its
depn.miro for a foreign country, young
Ehrenpfort and his companion Mangels
wero first to offer their hands to Philo
in a parting good-by, and the last words,
of Ehrenpfort. whioh still ring- in the ears
of Philo. wore: "Philo, old boy, we 'are"
oiT to fight the battles of our country,
and we shall not forget your old teaching
of how to pull a steady trigger with two
fingers. I hope my aim will be as deadly
on the Spanish foe aa it has been at the
buUseye. Farewell."
MAY CHANGE THE
DATE OF
THE 20-MILE RACE
A motion will probably be brought be
fore the board of governors o* the C. A.
C. C. at its next meeting, June 4, t^ post
pone the running of the annual 20-mile
road race from the second Sunday in
Juiy to the first Sunday after Admission
day in September. The July date is an
awkward one, as many of the best riders
are in the country or out of training at
that time. In September they are in con
dition for the September 9 races, or pre
paring for the October 10-miie race, and
this time of the year Is also better suited
for a long distance grind like tho 20-mile
affair.
E. A. Bozlo, formerly of the Imperial
Cycling Club, now of the Olympic Club
Wheelmen, will try for the world's five
mile record of 11:112-5, over the San Le
andro-Haywards course to-morrow, paced
jby tandems. Bozio has the speed, and if
j the course is good and the pacing fast
enough he should succeed in creating a
new mark.
Chester S. Myrick, chairman of the C.
A. C. C. road racing board, is enthusias
tic over the war, and contemplates or
ganizing a company of wheelmen
equipped with military cycles and offer
ing their services to the (government.
The touring board of the Associated
Cycling Clubs has arranged a two days'
trip to Santa Cruz for clubs and individ
ual members of the association leaving
here Saturday afternoon, June 11, going
a.s far as San Jose that day, and riding
over the beautiful Santa Cruz Mountains
to destination the next day. Several of
the local clubs, the two ban Jose clubs
and one from Los Gaios have already
signified their Intention of attending.
Further particulars can be had from C.
N. Ravi in, chairman touring committee,
006 Clay street, city.
Rain has twice postponed the Reliance
Wheelmen's "Old Men's Run," sched
uled for the past two Sundays. Nothing
daunted. President E. B. Jerome has re
newed the call, and the run will take
place to-morrow, weather permitting,
leaving the Webster street wharf, Oak
land, at S:3O a. m.
Secretary Scovern has just received the
waterproof covers for the road book, and
they will be delivered free to members of
the C. A. C. C. on application, together
with the book. The new road book is
eliciting most favorable comment wher
ever it is seen. It is a work that should
be in the hands of every wheelman in
California, Nothing so complete has ever
been issued in the State, and the maps
and directions are perfect. Applications
lor membership may be had from the
cycling editor of The Call or from Stan
ley G. Scovern, secretary, lail Golden
Gate avenue, city.
Captain Harry Larkin has called a run
of the Bay City Wheelmen to San Ra
fael via Sausallto and Ross Valley to
morrow. Members and their friends will
take the 9 a. m. Sausalito boat. The
roads are in splendid condition, and at
this season of the year everything in
Marin County looks Its prettiest. The
club will hold a tandem race in a few
weeks.
Herbert D. Clark, the well known cy
cling writer and member of the touring
board, formerly of the Encinal Cyclers,
has joined the Bay City Wheelmen.
The Olympic Cyclers and the Bay City
Wheelmen will play their schedule game
oi the Cycle Baseball League on Sunday,
June 5, at the Sixteenth and Folsom
streets grounds at 2 p. m.
Again is dissension spreading in the
ranks of the League of American Wheel-
SOME OF THE PROMINENT TRAP SHOOTERS OF THIS CITY.
LATEST NEWS
OF THE
NATIONAL GAME
BY JOE CORBETT
The Baltimores are. certainly having their
ups und downs. Peculiar game, baseball.
Talk about amateur organizations win
ning games, this record of the San Fran
cisco Alerts has never been surpassed.
Out of fifty games played they have
never met defeat, and owing to the un
certainty of baseball this record is re
markable. Manager J. A. McCarren, in
ppeaklng of his great team, says that It is
composed principally of boys who, owins
to their other business occupations, are
unable to practice, and yet put up as
strong a game as could Vie played under
the circumstances. "We are prepared to
cross bats with any of the amateur teams,
and our line-up, which foi'm s,
'warmest in the land:" " Bell, pitcher;
Morrison, catcher; Bachoff, first base;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, MAY 28, 1898.
The Filed of Sport.
men. The Harlem 'Wheelmen of New
York State have resigned in a body, and
this move will lose to the league over
200 members. The Harlems had been a
league club since ISS6. The trouble was
that the Racing Board granted a sanc
tion for a meet to another local track on
the same day set for the State meet held
under the auspices of the Harlems.
Two members of the Bay City Wheel
men have gone to war— Arthur F. Lund- ■
berg, who enlisted voluntarily in the First j
Regiment and sailed on the City of Pc- i
king on Wednesday, and Fred L. Day, I
who preferred the navy, and is now at
Mare Island. Lieutenant-Colonel Victor
D. Duboce of the First was also promi
nent in wheeling circles, having been a
member of the board of officers of the
California Associated Cycling Clubs. His
opinions were highly valued in the coun
cils of the board.
Those who keep their fingers on the
pulse of the trade say that the value
of advertising in the dally newspapers
was never more clearly demonstrated
than during the recent dull period, when
those who advertised persistently were
practically the only ones who did any
business. Concerning the cause of the
dullness, the war and the unsettled
weather have been abundantly blamed;
but it is a question whether these twin
reasons are all-sufficient. It is a fact that
tin- 1896 models did not show enough im
provements over the '97 wheels to war
rant riders changing.
Calvin X. Langton of the Bay City
Wheelmen was married In this city last
Monday to Miss Maud Lowell, and the
boys are wishing "Dusty" and his fair
bride all sorts of good luck on the sea
of matrimony.
The vice-president and a number of
members of tho Denver Wheel Club came
here as members of the First Colorado
Regiment, and are quartered at the tent
ing grounds. Thus far they have been
too busily employed with their military
duties to visit the local clubs, but will
find the doors wide open to them wh«/n
they do.
Howard Freeman, the California rider,
who recently achieved considerable suc
cess in the 'East, hails from Haywards.
He was "discovered" by Hon. Franx 11.
Dunne, now Superior Judge in this city,
through Dr. Powell and his brother,
prominent Native Sons of Haywards.
Judge Dunne proposed Freeman's name I
in the Bay City Wheelmen, and was BO ;
confident of his ability as a speed mer
chant that he fostered his Interests In i
every conceivable way. others in the \
club did not think Freeman amounted to j
much, and did not encourage him. Later |
Freeman went north, and at Ix>ng Beach
rode a straightaway mile in 1:28 1-5. On
May 14 last, at Ambrose Park. New York,
he won the mile handicap, professional.
for a purse of $1000. and carrying with it
$25 a week besides, defeating Jaap Eden,
the Belgian; J. A. Robertson of England:
Paul Bourotte, the frenchman, and a
number of other cracks, including Charley
WelH of San Francisco and W. Martin,
the Australian, who beat "Bob" Terrill
at the Elmhurst track a month or more
the mile invitation, professional.
Freeman was also first, Tom Cooper, who
tied Eddie Bald for the championship in
1896 was second, and Robertson third.
Evidently Judge Dunne Is a prophet
when it comes to finding cyos« racers.
H. W. SPALDING.
HANDBALL SMASHERS
WILL PLAY TO-MORROW.
The following games will be played to
morrow at the San Francisco Handball
Court on Howard street:
J. Dowling and P. Hutchlnson vs. M.
McLaughlin and W. Hamilton; M. Ma
guire and M. McClure vs. E. Curley and
M. Basch; L. Waterman and J. R. Bock
man vs. E. McDonough and D. J. Shee
han; E. Barry and R. Housman vs. P.
Ryan and J. Leonard; M. McNeil and G.
McDonald vs. D. Rodgers and L. Cor
raine; J. Riordan and J. Collins vs. P.
Donnelly and J. White; J. C. Nealon and
M. J. Kllgallon vs. T. F. Bonnet and A.
Hampton.
Ortel, second base; Quinn, short stop;
Raymond, third base; Byrnes, left Held;
Ki fling, right field; Kreling, center field.
Center Fielder Pyne's deplorable actions
in Sunday's game at San Jose, where he,
from all accounts, deliberately let a ball
go by him. giving Iberg a three-base hit
on what should have been but a single,
is the cause of miu-h discussion among
both managers and players. It is a well
known fact that he has been endeavoring
to secure his release from Manager Cof
froth for some time, and falling, has re
scrted to work which is hardly in line
with his general make-up, and which will
never accomplish tho object desired.
Manager Coltroth is at a loss regard
ing Pyne's grievances. He says that a
short time ago he offered Pyne his re
lease, but after a little arguing the trou
ble was amicably adjusted, as Pyne left
him apparently satisfied with the new
arrangements. At San Jose, however, hos
tilities were resumed, on Pyne again ask
ing for his release, Coffroth refusing— and
justly so — to give it. Then occurred the
little incident In the field. Pyne would
not field the ball, and instead of batting
as he- always does, turned around left
handed, greatly to the surprise of every
body. Whatever the real trouble is, Mr.
Pyne on finding that his release would
not be granted, should never have resort
ed to such ungentlemanly methods in his
endeavor to secure it anyhow. A con
tract Is binding. In baseball, whether it
be on tho Pacific Coast or in the National
THE GUN MEN
READY
FOR THE TRAPS
During the past week the sharp crack
of the shotgun (owing, of course, to the
smokeless powder) at the Ingleside trap
shooting grounds attracted the attention
of passersby, who inquired what was up.
The inquisitively inclined soon learned,
however, that the men who were prac
ticing at clay birds with shotguns were
not exactly getting into condition for a
race with the Spaniards, but instead were
simply practicing up for the annual tour
nament of the California Inanimate Tar
get Association, which will commence on
Sunday and will end on Monday.
Apart from the added money, which Is '
strong, the purses will be Increased by
entrance fees and the deduction from
pools of 2 cents a bird Instead of 3 cents,
as in previous tournaments. Three cents ]
will be deducted only in medal and trophy i
events, where the entrance money in j
whole or in part is to go to the winners j
of such events in the last tournament. !
The extra 1 cent a bird will bo applied
on account of the purses guaranteed by
the association. In all such events there -
will also be a side pool of $1, from which i
there will be no deduction on account of '
birds.
Under the new arrangement of pools,
wlih money added, the pool in every
event should run from $ I JO to $100, thus in
suring a very generous return to tho win
ners.
Purses will be divided under the regu
lar class shooting system. Three moneys
will be given in fifteen-bird events, and
four moneys in twenty-bird events. The
usual cash prizes are given for high av
erages.
The grounds, although owned by the
Olympic Gun Club, will be under the ex
clusive control of the association, which
ia to make all the profit to be derived
from the trapping of birds both in the
tournament and in previous practice
shooting. The team shooting will be on
an entirely new set of traps.
Shooters from the interior, visiting the
tournament, may arrange their trips to
participate in the State live bird tourna
ment, to be given by the Olympic Gun
Club on June 3, 4 and 6. Programmes of
this tournament may be obtained from
club secretaries, or at any gun store. The
two tournaments come within a few days
of each other, and combined, promise to
make tha greatest shooting carnival ever
held in the West. It is hoped that every
member of the association will aim to be
present.
The first event will be fifteen singles;
second event the same; third event will
doubtless be warmly contested, as it will
be for the beautiful E. T. Allen cup;
twenty singles, entrance $1, class shoot
ing and four moneys. This cup must be
won three times before it becomes per
sonal property. Fourth event, Olympic
Gun Club medal match, twenty singles;
fifth event, twenty singles for diamond
medal, which must also be won three
times to become private property; sixth
event, fifteen singles; seventh event, Rooa
trophy, three-man team contest.
On the second day of the tournament
there will be seven events contested, the
final being the grand twenty singles per
man team shoot for the association
trophy, emblematic of the club cham
pionship for t'-nms of six men from eacn
club. This trophy must also be won
three times before it becomes the prop
erty of any club. and. until so won, will
be shot for at each annual tournament.
As exclusively stated in yesterday's Call
the Empire Gun Club members feel a»
happy a.s clams in blue mud. owing to
the fact that the Olympic Gun Club ha»
accepted a challenge to a team shoot.
League, a player has but two alterna
tives, when things do not suit him— stop
playing altogether, or play conscientious
ly. He can gain nothing by antagonizing
his managers, and for unfaithful service
he can be made to sit on the bench for
a month or more without pay. Such an
arrangement would hardly We agreeable.
and consequently the best and proper
thing for Pyne is to remain with the San
1' ranciscos, which is one of the best
teams in the league, and by all means
be happy. When a player affixes his sig
nature to a baseball contract, the rest
of the world should appear as v blank,
so far as his getting into It is concerned.
My own case should be a warning to all
young players aspiring to become Na
tional Leaguers. I signed a Baltimore
contract in 1897. and as far as baseball is
concerned I signed my life away. The
compensation offered this season was just
5900 below tho estimate which I placed
upon my services. But what 1 and
others think of my ability "cuts no Span
iards" with the Baltimore Club. I signed
a contract with them. I can play with
no other team of the National League
without my release, and I have not asked
for it, simply because I know they would
not give It. The reason they will not
come to my terms is because they real
ize my inability to play with another
club so long as they hold my signature,
not -because I am not worth the money
I ask. Way down deep they figure that
I. like the number ol other players who
which race will be decided soon after the
live-bird tournament which will be held
at Ingleside on June 3, 4 and B. The Em
pire boys are very sanguine of defeat
ing the crack shots of the Olympic Gun
Club.
THE JUNE REGATTA
AT EL CAMPO.
The management of the El Campo pic
nic ground has decided to hold a regatta
for amateur oarsmen and scullers, under
the auspices of the Pacific Amateur Ath
letic Association, a branch of the Ama
teur Athletic Union.
The regatta will take place on two days,
June 26 and July 17. On the first of these
the single scullers will race; on the second
the barge events will be contested. There
will be senior and junior outrigger skiff
races and a race in shells for seniors;
also a special match between A. Pape of
the Dolphin Boating Club and William
McCausland of the Ariel Rowing Club.
The management of El Campo, with the
co-operation of the association, will offer
gold medals for the various events and a
handsome trophy for the winner of the
special match. On the second day of the
regatta, July 17, the barge races— senior,
intermediate and junior— will be held.
Crews, are going out every night pre
paring for the Ariel Rowing Club re
gatta, which will be held on June 12 in
stead of June 5, as at first intended. For
the senior outrigged skiff race at the El
Campo regatta the Ariel Club will enter
Frank Wilson, James Wilson and George
Pht'lan, and H. Wittkupf for the shell
race for seniors. There are several en
tries for the Junior outrigged skiff race
at the Ariel regatta, and from the results
of this race the representatives of the
Ariels at the El Campo regatta will be
selected. Work has begun on the new
barge for the Ariel Club, but it will not
be ready for use at the club regatta.
A crew of the Alameda Boat Club tried
the new bargejast Sunday, and made fast
time. The senior crew, consisting 1 of
Eugene Hadcock (bow), William Hansen
(No. 2), At wood Webb (No. 3), Fred
Ayres (stroke) and Ed Hansen (cock
swain), is the same as last year, and is
going out regularly for practice. The
Alameda Club will enter this crew for the
barge races at El Campo, and will be
represented in the snifcie events also.
Jack Lewis will probably enter in the
junior outrigged skiff race, and should
stand a very good chance of winning.
Coney Ochs of the Pioneer Rowing Club
goes out regularly in his skiff, and will
represent the Pioneers in the junior out
rigged skiff race at El Campo. The club
will also enter two or three crews for the
barge events.
Robert McArthur, Matt Breen, C. Jen
kins, "Doc" Flynn, J. Pallas, J. E. Scully,
and J. Lyons were at the South End Row
ing Club house on Sunday, but there was
not much doing. Many of the ciub mem
bers went out to the encampment at the
Presidio to visit and bid farewell to their
soldier friends.
The weather was so rough at Tiburon
on Sunday that only two or three mem
bers of the Olympic Club visited the boat
house, and no boats were taken out.
At the last monthly meeting of the
Dolphin Boating Club the following
amendment to the constitution was of
fered: "That the number of members be
limited to seventy-five; that any gentle
man of good moral character be eligible
to membership, provided he be 21 years
of age or over and an American citizen;
that no person who has been expelled or
suspended from any other boating or
athletic club be eligible to membership."
The nominating committee has sub
mitted the following candidates for office:
President, Joseph Laib Jr.; vice-presi
dent, Fred \V. Woerner; recording secre
tary, J. S. Earls; financial secretary, F.
C. Staib; treasurer, A. L. Schuppert;" cap
tain, T. J. Kennedy; lieutenant-captain,
A. W. Pape; sergeant-at-arms. Count P.
yon Hadeln; director, W. O. Patch; ex
ecutive committee— E. H. Coney, C. M.
Farrell and T. J. Kennedy.
hold out every year, will see the hope
lessness of fighting tho major league and
will eventually come around, but it is al
ways best to know the kind of a fellow
you are dealing with before jumping at
such silly conclusions. Mr. Pyne's case
is similar to mine. He cannot get away
from the Frisco team without the con
sent of Manager Coffroth, and, I would
advise him to continue playing where he
Is. The Frisco Club is not so strong that
it can afford to part with its good play
ers, and as every attempt of Mr. Pyne
to secure his release has failed he must
either finish the season with the San
Kranciscoa or join the volunteers, which
would not be a bad idea. On arriving
at Manila he could familiarize the na
tives with our great national pastime,
cultivate his hitting optics by batting
cannon balls, and then be appointed um
pire of the Philippines by President Mc-
Kinley through petition signed by all
handlers of the mystic sphere.
Pitcher Thomas is still the "real thing"
in Fresno.
Pitcher Harvey's feat of striking out
three men in succession with the bases
full, which he did in Sunday's game
against Santa Cruz, is the best piece of
box work that has been witnessed in Sac
ramento for some time past. This game
the "Beachcombers" lost by one run and
should practice up in batting. If they
cannot do better than this in a pinch it
is time that the "ancient order of ham
mer throwers" did break a few records.
GREAT IS THE
SPORT
OF COURSING
Although the weather indications are
not favorable for outdoor pastimes, still
it can be taken for granted that an enor
mous crowd will be present this after
noon to witness the run-down of the
largest stake that has ever been run at
Union Coursing Park.
The features at Ingleslde to-day will be
an open event for the flyers, a sapling
contest and a consolation stake for the
cracks unfortunate enough to go down in
their initial trials of the former. At
Union Park the interest will center In an
open, a puppy and a sapling stake. In
the number of contestants Union Park
greatly exceeds. At Ingleslde there mu3t
still be drawn the "consolation," but the
quality of the long-tails Is unprecedented.
The sport will commence at the usual
hour at both resorts and continue through
Sunday and Monday.
The chief stake at Ingleslde this week
looks to have many chances. The Dean
dogs were not at their best last week.
Lowe & Thompson's kennels are in much
the same condition.
At Union Park the Sullivan or Rosseter
dogs seem to have a good chance of win
ning the big event. It's about Curtis'
"turn," however, and Log Boy may push
to the front.
The puppy and sapling stakes at both
parks are liable to land "any old place."
Three days Is a long period of straight
work for youngsters.
Death has again visited a heavy hand
on the leashmen during the week, and
this time it was William Murphy who an
swered to the call. The deceased was one
of the oldest and most respected leashmen
on the coast, and the report of his demise
brought a sudden drooping of the eyelids
and a hush of stillness on many "thou
sands.
St. Patrick should make a hot bid for
laurels ana coin among the saplings at
Ingleside to-day.
Dave Hooper is beginning to cut con
siderable hay on the sward. WithKoolawn
he won $50") at Ingleside on Mayday, and
with the same annexed the stake at Union
Park again last week. He purchased
Bendalong ten days ago, and at Ingle
side last Sunday pulled down second
money, i'rior to winning the big Shea
stake, too, Koolawn had annexed a sec
ond and divers lesser moneys.
Leashmen should not forget that the
moneys taken In at Union Coursing Park
on Monday next will be handed over to
the ladies "who are connected with the
Red Cross Society, and as the cause is
good and noble It is to be hoped that the
lovers of coursing will turn out en masse
on that day.
The winners at Union Park, to
day look to be as follows: All
oge stake — Vanity Fair, Mystery, Fire
ball, Hettie M, Van Chloe. Log
Boy, Jester, Border's Valentine, Diana,
Glenwood, Tess'.e Fair. Metallic, Minne
apolis, Mira Monte, Commodore, Senorita,
Maud S, Forget, Sylvanus, Sportsman,
Arapahoe, Jesse Moore, Douglass, Flying
Buck. Llssak, Silkwood, Jimmy Hope,
McKniley, Magnet, Bonlta, Firm Friend,
Laurelwood. Lady Campbell, Mission Boy.
White Lily, Lord Byron. Winona, Move i
On, Rusty" Gold, Olga". Olrin. Eclipse.
Puppy stake— Thornhill, Daisy Dean, |
Killarney Lass, Jersey Lily, Morning
Glory, Royal Oak, Magnesia, Sunbeam,
Liberty Bell, Dempsey Lass, Meta,
Quiver", Rest Assured.
Sapling stake— Statesman, Royal Flush.
Sheridan, Petronlus, Lalla Rookh, Heather
Dell, Motto, Admiral Dewey, Trinket and
Flush.
At Ingleslde the probable winners of
the run-down are: Flashlight, Prince of
Fashion, Moondyne. Van Nida, Koolawn,
Firenzl, Occidental. Bendalong, Cross
patch, Pacific Queen. Lass o' Orowrie, Vic
tor, Master McGregor, Connemara. Little
Dorritt. Lady Jane, Benicla Boy, Sarcas
tic, Mystic Maid.
"Pitcher Hughes of the Baltimores, who
shut us out without a hit once and let
us down with throe hits in another game,
is a good pitcher— there is ru> doubt of
that— notwithstanding all reports to
the contrary,* s;url Manager Selee of
Bostons. "But I doubt very much whether
he is a man who can stand lots of work.
1 think that if he is pitched about one
game a week he will do good work, hut
he must not be pitched more than that.
That, of course, is only my opinion."
There are other people who agree with
me regarding the amount of work Hughes
is compelled to do. and as I said on other
occasions, if be does not go slow for a
while something is liable to happen.
To-day" s game promises to be the
"warmest that ever happened." The
rivalry that has sprung up between these
two teams over last Sunday's fourteen
inning game of nip and tuck may, it is
hinted, lead to all sorts of trouble. Both
clubs are confident of winning, yet an
ticipate strong opposition, and in view
of this fact will put forth their very best.
The line-up is as follows:
Oakland. Positions. Fresno.
Sullivan Catcher Mangcrina
Russell Pitcher Thomas
Sykes First base Held
O'Neil Second base Karley
Lang Third base Moore
Schmeer Short stop Courtney
Mosher Left field Ferguson
Hardle Center field McCue
Donovan Right field Button
A SERIES OF
TENNIS
TOURNAMENTS
The event of the day in tennis circles la
the lnterclub tournament which will be
held on the Alameda Tennis Club courts
on Monday, May 30. Three teams will be
entered by each of the bay clubs respec
tively, and a general tournament for
handsome prizes will inaugurate the sum
mer season of tennis. Much rivalry has
existed between the clubs, and as this la
the first time in some months that tho
flower of the racket wielders has been
brought together on the same court much
speculation has been indulged in by the
players who will participate. The Cali
fornia Tennis Club will be represented
by the following teams: Code and Brad
shaw, Adams and Welhe and probably
the Whitney brothers; Oakland Club by
Nicholson and Stone, Hardy and Hardy,
Pratt and Spencer; the Alameda Club by
Bowen and Holmes, Jones and Murdock
and Wheaton and Heliman.
Owing to the inclement weather the in
terclub Saturday matches have received
a serious setback. The matches between
the Oakland and Alameda and the San
Francisco and Alameda clubs have been
put down to the end of the schedule.
This afternoon the second meeting of tha
series between the teams of the Califor
nia and Oakland clubs will take place o«
the California Club courts.
From morning until night at the Call*
fornia Tennis Club to-day match game*
will be strictly in order. The first num.
ber on the programme will be the ladier
singles tournament. The entries are nu
merous, and it is very likely that the
tournament will run over several days to
complete the matches. Then will come
the tournament games of the interclub
series. The final event on the card will
be a special match between Joe Daily
and George Whitney and Robert N. Whit
ney and George Bradshaw. Much inter
est is centered on the outcome of this
contest. In practice games the honors
have been pretty equally divided, and
each team is vociferatlve in claiming
prospective victory. **. dinner and copi
ous beakers of wine have been wagered
on the result. Daily and Whitney ara
selling slight favorites.
The junior girls played a singles tour
nament at the California courts during
the latter part of the werk. Miss Ruth
Foster and Miss Edith Chesebrough nut
in the first game of the tournament, the
former winning by a score of 6—3. Miss
Middleton succumbed to Miss Eleanor
Eckart with a score of B— 3. The
third match was between Miss Foster
and Miss Eckart, which remains unfin
ished, each having a set.
Letters have been written to George
Wright, an Eastern tennis enthusiast, in
regard to bringing out crack players of
the country for the Fourth of July tour
nament. If arrangements can be satis
factorily determined Wrenn, Lamed.
Sheldon and Ware will he seen on San
Rafael courts during the summer.
During the week the following matches
cf interest were played: Root beat Brad
shaw, 10 — 8, C — 4. 6—4.6 — 4. but the compliment
was returned by Bradshaw a few days
later, when he defeated Root. 6—2, 6—2,
7—5.7 — 5. George Whitney defeated Bradshaw,
6—3,6 — 3, 6—2.6 — 2. ft— 6; Walter Mapee and Goorge
Whitney defeated Robert N. Whitney and
Bradshaw, G — 4, 7—5.
CRICKETERS ARE OFF
TO PLACER COUNTY.
On the schedule of the California
Cricket Association May 29 is 6et down
as an open date. The 6 o'clock train
from San Francisco this evening will take
an eleven of cricketers up to Loomls,
Placer County, to fulfill an engagement
with the Citrus Colony cricketers. The
team will be representative of the Ala
meda Cricket Club, though it will also
comprise two or three men who are not
members of that club. The team will
be made up as follows: R. B. Hogue,
J. J. Moriarity, G. I. Ball, J. B. Croll. C.
Banner, I. H. Spiro, A. Dickinson, H. C.
Casidy, J. H. Sanders, H. Ward and J. J.
R. Peel, or G. Hellman. A. Dickinson
and H. C. Casidy are members of the
Pacific Club. The eleven are certain to
meet with a hearty reception from the
Placer County men, and to have a good
time, whatever the result of the match
may be. The Citrus Colony has a strong
team and has rarely, if ever, been beaten
on its own ground. The visitors will re
turn to San Francisco on Monday r.tght,
being due in the city at 8:45.
On June 5 the second match of the Ala
meda Cricket Club vs. the Pacific Cricket
Club should be played. It is to be hoped
that nothing will prevent the latter club
from getting together a full team on that
day. Though It would have been more
generous for the Alameda team to hava
resumed on May 22 the match left un
finished on account of rain on May 15, the
Alameda captain was undoubtedly act
ing within his rights in claiming it as a
draw game. All that was' left for tha
Pacific men to do was to bear with such
equanimity as they were able to staml
the loss of an almost certain victory. If
the Pacific Club does not cheerfully ful
fill its future engagements cricket for 1898
will be at an end, and a serious, almost
an irreparable, injury will be done to the
game in California.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GET THE BEST.
The '98 Cleveland
BICYCLES !
BETTER THAN EVER AND THE PRICE
ONLY
150, $65 and $75.
Honest Cycles at Honest Prices.
LIBERAL ALLOWANCE - FOR YOUR OLD
WHEEL.
LEAVITT & BILL,
RETAIL AGENTS,
303 Ij&rltin St., S. F\
SO San Pablo a.v©., Oakland.
WHOLESALE— H. A. LOZIER & CO..
304 and 306 McAllister rt.
STERLING BICYCLES
Are Mode to Wear, and V oil Can Get Them
for All Prices.
A. C. NICHOLS & CO.,
404 Battery St.,
Western Agents.
The Helios Automatic Gas Lamps are tho
only safe and perfect lamps on the mar-
ket. Call in and see them.
A. C. NICHOLS & CO.
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK.
THREE DAYS— THREE STAKES.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
OLD DOGS aInD SAPLINGS.
iMONDAY, SPECIAL_HOLIDAY STAKE.
HOURS USUAL-PRICES USUAL.RED CROSS DAY
AT THE RACES
Despite Rain, There Was
a Big Crowd.
THREE FAVORITES FIRST
SPRYLARK, A 20 TO 1 CHANCE,
DEFEATED FIG LEAF.
Rey Hooker Proved Too Fast for The
Fretter — Rey del Tierra and
San Mateo Handy
Winners.
The benefit tendered the Red Cross So
ciety by the California Jockey Club and j
the Pacific Coast Jockey Club at Oak-|
land trmk yesterday was a bumping on*, |
even though the elements were in a di>»
exuntled state of mind. It rained In
tiy throughout the afternoon, but!
ct did not serve to keep the faith-
I . away, for fully 2000 people witnessed
the racing, and nearly *lsw must have
been netted tor the society. The card I
■was not an ambitious one, being coin
yosed entirely of cheap selling events.
sidering the scarcity oi riding tal
ivoritea performed better than was
ted, taking three of the six events.
Twelve books laid good fat prices in the
. — ana nearly ail quit tne uay a trine t
to the bad.
Thomas H. "Williams Jr. presided In the
stand, with J. W. Brooks as associate.
L»iok Havey'a starting was all thai could
be desired.
The J. H. Shields & Co. entry, Fig Leaf,
was a piping warm choice for the open
ing five ana a half furlong scramble, but j
failed to connect. Alter leading into the
stretch the mare was collared and easily j
beaten out by the 2U to 1 shot, Spry .Lark,
ridden by Bennett- The well-played Bar.
Nato nnished third.
The taient figured, and with i marked
degree of success, that The Frett^r could
not negotiate the sloppy going, and alter
opening a 4 to 5 choice for the two-year
old event, his odds receded to 3 to 5. The
Brutus youngster was headed the entire j
live funongs and defeated, without ef- i
tort, by Key Hooker, an i to 1 snot in I
the ring. Jennie Reid, the second choice,
lan third.
The crowd could not be induced to
touch Imp. Mibsioner, the 4 to 5 favorite,
lor the nurd number, a six turlon.j lun,
and with Plggott in the -.addle ne was
always in the lead, and won hands Ocwn
lrom Ping, a 10 to 1 outsider.
Speculators thawed out a bit when bet
ting began on the mile and sixteenth
purse artair, but only momentarily. .Los
ir'rietos held sway at odds of 5 to 2, but
was only lightly supported. Bitter Root,
the entry of 11. L. Frank, showed prom
inently when the bend fpr home "wia
reacned, but was outfooted and beaten
rather handily by Key del Tierra; with
Iviacklin up, against which 4 to 1 was
laid. The first choice finished in the
show.
In the six furlong sprint that followed
San Mateo, equal iavorite in thy ni.tjoi
ity of books with Sly, made all the run
ning and with pounas to spare ice! Lady
A.-i:ity cut by three lengihs. Sly fan
ished third, a short head tarther away.
The final live and a half furlong tour,
the second part of the split rt-vti race,
went in tue favorite, Major Coo.c, with
Howard a comfortable secjni, two
lengths ahead of The Dragon.
SUMMARY.
First race— and a half furlongs; Belling;
purse $3'j<j.
fapry Lark. 110, cii. m., 5, b» Fitzjames-Fabl
ola (.Bennett), 20 to 1 1
Fig Leaf, 11-. b. m., 4. by Martenhurst-Or- '
ange l^eaf (Plggou), 1 to 2. 2
Ilaruato, 112, b. n., 4, by Bradford-Minerva
I'lutierviUe), 15 to 1 3
Time, 1:11%. . • ■
Tenacity 112, Pasha 112, laa H 110, Rejected
112. Mahogany 112, luue Bell llu, Mollie X 110
and ir" F i-!> also ran.
Second race — Five furlongs; 2-year-olds;
purse $300.
Hey Hooker, 113, eh. c, by El Rio Iley-Oga
lena (Golden), 5 to 1 1
The Pretter, US, eh. c, by Imp. Brutus-
Nerva i.Marklin), & to a , 2
Jennie Reia, 100, b. 1., by El Rio Hey-Fon
setta Holmes./, .". to - 'i
Time, 1:03?*.
Sir Urian 110, Stone L. 100, Practice 100, Cross
molina 100 and Dunpraise 103 also run.
Third race— Six furlongs; 3-year-olds; selling;
purse fZuO.
in;p. M:.'-.- inf>r, 110, eh. c, by Galliard-Imp.
Axiserere (Piggott), 4 to 0 1
I J iiig, 117, b. c, by Maxim-Music (Kelley),
lv to 1 2
£atlcoy, 117, br. c, by Sid-Dottle Dimple
(KuizX 8 to 1 3
Time, 1:17.
Kmma Rey 112, Oahu 112, Kitty Blake 100,
Ks-tro 110, Carbineer 117, . Nora Richards 100,
1 urmella 112, Miss Remsen 106, Magnus 114,
I'ncle True lu7, Scintillate 102, Tenrica 110 and
Little X G 105 also ran.
Fourth — One and one-sixteenth miles;
furse Sooo.
i:ey ■. Tierra. 112, b. h., 4, by Prince of
>orfolk-Haidee (Macklln), 4 to 1 1
Imp. Bitter Root, 96, br. c, by Royal Hamp
ton-Huttermere (Pisgott), 7 to 2 2
Los Prietos, 93, b. g., 3, by Clievden-Leola
(Ruiz), a to 2 3
Time, 1:52.
Rosormonde 91, St. Distaff 99, Rapido 113,
Rose Maid dl and Metaire 113 also ran.
Fifth race — Six furlong&; selling; purse $300.
fan Mateo, 113, br. h., 4, by fJaivator-iris
.-ullivaiu, 7 to 2 1
Ajshley. 100, b. f., 3, by Patton-Sallie
M iKulz), 10 to 1 2
Sly. v>:->. b. m., 4, by Raclne-Aurelia II
(Macklin), 7 to 2 3
Time, 1:18%.
Negligence 105, La France 108, Cromwell 118.
Trappean US, K.-.ri Coehraa 110, l^>Bt Girl in*,
Jim Bnicman 110, Polish 113, Olive 10s and
tioscol 102 also ran.
Sixth race— Five and a half furlongs; Belling;
purse $3uo.
Major Cook, 117. b. g., 6, by Bulwark-Sister
to Vioiet iTufoervillt*), 3 to 1 1
H< ward, 117, eh. g.. a..,- by Tyrant-May
Howard lOolden), 7 to 1 2
Tb" Dragon, 115, b!k. h.. f«. by St. George-
Bideawee *G. Wilson), 20 to 1 3
Time. 1:10.
Fort Augustus 117. Florimel 107, Roy Car
ruthem 10». Talhot <'llfton 112, Santa I'aula 107,
February VSI a.i'l Grandezia 107 also ran.
STOPPED JUST IN
TIME BY POLICE
SCHOtTLER MADE DOUGHERTY A
CHOPFING-BLOCX.
Hot Fighting Before the Reliance
Club— McDonald and Willie a
Draw — Williams' Game
Attempt.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 27.
Amidst cries f>t "Call it off, " "That's
enough," and "You'll have a dead man
there In a minute" Police Captain Carson
stepped to the ropes and stopped the
flght between Hugh Dougherty of Chi
cago and Frank Schouler of the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club to-night in the eighth
round. The battle had been hot , and
swift. Dougherty was manifestly out of
condition and Schouler had made him a
chopping block in the last three rounds.
Dougherty was game, but life had a
Berious side for him at that moment, and
the coming of Captain Carson was not un
welcome. James Fox refereed the bout,
but all blows looked alike to him and he
was loudly criticized for overlooking
serious fouls made by Schouler.
Joe McDonald of the California Swim
ming Club and Ed "Willie of the Klondike
Club of Sacramento fought six bloody
rounds of swift fighting to a draw.
Al Emory of Australia and Emil Dahl
of the California Swimming Club boxed
three tame rounds, and John Ennis of L..c
San Francisco Athletic Club, substituted
for Murnane, laid up with a broken band.
entered the ring at 128 pounds to meet
Tony Williams of the Reliance Club at
113 pounds. Williams gamely offered to
take the Frisco lad on.and do the best
he could. He lasted three game rounds,
and then went down and out, still try
ing to rise as Referee McKeever, who will
fight Jack Daly at the National Club next
month, counted ten.
PREPARING FOR THE IRISH FAIR
me Committees Rapidly Completing Preparations for the
Big Benefit.
TARA CASTLE, ONE OF THE MANY FEATURES.
The coming- Irish fair promises to be a success. Old Mechanics' Pavilion
•will be "old" Ireland itself when the doors of the fair swing open, If the plans
of the various committees are carried out. Among the features will be a
picturesque reproduction of Tara Hall, one of the famous landmarks of Ire
land, and within its walls the guests of the Knights of Tara will make merry.
Th^ responses to the requests to serve on the honorary advisory board of the
fair are pouring in most favorably, and all doubts as to its success are now
removed. At the meeting of the executive committee yesterday, Jeremiah
Deasv presiding, favorable responses were read from these gentlemen: Hon.
James D Phelan, Hon. Irving M. Scott, Mr. R. P. Doolan, Hon. P. J. Harney,
Hon. Tirey L. Ford, William R. Sherwood, Hon. J. H. Filcher, Colonel E. A.
Denicke Joseph A. Stulz, Hon. Niles Searls, Richard V. Curtis, E. P. Mogan.
J H Seawell. J. J. Donovan, Frank Conklln, Dr. M. J. Fottrell, James H.
Barry William M Bunker, Frank J. Murasky, Andrea Sbarboro, John H.
GradV Major William B. Hooper, C. H Crocker, Hon. Robert Ferral, William
Greer Harrison, Hon. James Leggett, Hon. J. J. Dwyer, Hon. C. L. Barrington,
John H. Spohn. H. Mulvihill, and others.
At the regular weekly meeting of the executive committee of the Celtic
Union in room 9, Phelan" building, it was decided to have a "tile" booth and a
booth where relics and '98 patriotic souvenirs could be sold by the ladles, and
the proceeds devoted to fitting up a Volfe Tone and a Robert Emmet hall in
the proposed Irish Societies' Hall, for the erection of which this Irish fair is to
be held next August. -._...__, ,_
Letters from ocean steamship companies, offering to bring over the soil and
turf from the "ould counthry" free of cost, were read and accepted by the com
mittee The Dublin, Limerick, Cork, Kerry, Queenstown and other Irish cities'
papers both daily and weekly, will be sold in the Pavilion during the fair,
and as' the boys run around the hall crying out the familiar names of th<?s©
publications, it will take many a visitor back to the days of yore. Messrs.
Seaman and Landis, the famous scenic artists of Chicago, whose beautiful
electric theater, known as "A Day In Ireland," was bo popular in the Chicago
Irish fair have offered to send it on here. It is now in Buffalo at the A. O. H.
Irish fair this week. It will be placed in the north end of the gallery and
will occupy a space about 50 by 10) leet.
It was decided to give a handsome prize to the Celtic Union organization
having the handsomest and most original designed booth ready on the evening
of August 20 (opening night) A prize equally as fine will be given to the so
ciety not a member of the union, for a similar purpose. One-half of the main
floor space was set aside for the Industrial exhibits of Ireland and California,
Messrs Murray, Conley, Davoust and Sizer were appointed solicitors on floor
space and to obtain advertising in a beautiful programme. Thursday nights
w-ere selected as regular meeting nights for the executive committee. Messrs.
Purcell & Sons of New York sent on some photographs of Irish and American
Bishops and clergy, and it was decided to have them, together with views of
Ireland and photographs of American and Irish patriots and of heroes of the
present war on sale. It was announced that four Irish societies had picked
out floor spaces for society booths. »nd that they would at once take up vie
matter of obtaining articles to sell therein.
The following ladies will soon meet and form the ladies' auxiliary commit
tee extending invitations to other ladies to join in the good work: Mrs. Mary
T Menton, Mrs. P. E. McCarthy. Mrs. F. B. Lorigan, Mrs. C. B. Flanagan,
Mrs H. Mulvihill, Mrs. J. J. Donovan, Mrs. C. S. Laumeisfer, Mrs. Mary A. Mur
phy of 129 Liberty street, Mrs. Nora Dwyer. Mrs. J. Deafly, Mrs. Frances G.
Ferral Mrs William B. Hooper, Mrs. L. W. Buckley and Mrs. E. P. Mogan.
TO AID THOSE
LEFT IN WANT
Citizens Will Relieve Sol
diers' Families.
A SOCIETY IS FORMED
IT WILL COLLECT FUNDS WITH
OUT DELAY.
Membership and Belief Dispensed
Will Be Limited to People
in San Fran
cisco.
At a meeting of representative citizens
at the Occidental Hotel dining rooms last
night the following committee was ap
pointed to see to a permanent local or
ganization for the purpose of rendering
aid to the families of soldiers who have
gone to Manila: Walter K. Dean. Tirey
L. Ford, Mrs. William Alvord, Mrs. Hor
ace Hill and Mrs. C. M. Kinney.
The meeting was called to order by
Major Hooper, who made an address in
which he called attention to the fact that
there was great need for such work as
that outlined by the Red Cross. He said
there would be a great deal of suffering
unless some definite aid should be ren
dered.
Judge Morrow was elected chairman of
the meeting, and it was then decided that
the society should be limited to San Fran
cisco wholly, the aid of certain Oakland
ladies being refused on the ground that
each city would be expected to take care
of its own sufferers.
Speeches on the subject were made by
Dr Stebbins, Rabbi Voorsanger, Tirey L.
Ford and others, after which the meet
ing adjourned to convene at the same
nlace again on next Monday night. Word
was received that more than $12,000 has
been collected at Honolulu for relief work,
and that the sum will probably be doubled
by the time the troops reach there.
It is the intention of the local society
to co-operate with the Red Cross, and
to do all the work within its power at
once There will be subscription lists
forthwith, and committees will solicit
funds without delay.
Good Stories
On Judge Hunt, J. B. Stetson, Governor
Budd, Kimball Briggs, Dr. E. E. Hill
and others are told by the Looker On in
this week's News Letter. Hints and hard
hits fill the Sparks column, and local
characters are impaled by the Crier.
Charitable benefit frauds, "Our Friend
the Enemy" and other pertinent mat
ter fills the editorial columns, and stcr
ries, society and other current matter
make to-day's News Letter of excep
tional local Interest^
The first envelope ever made is in the
possession of the British museum.
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 28, 1898.
THE BAY STATE HOTEL.
Splendidly Appointed and Justly-
Popular.
The Bay State Restaurant is not un
known tn the public of San Francisco,
but the Bay State Hotel is a new factor
in the restaurant life of the city, come
into existence as the result of a de
mand for increased facilities and great
er accommodations by reason of public
favor bestowed upon its proprietor, Mr.
Adler, who has long been known as one
of the leading caterers of San Francis
co. The half-dollar dinner furnished
by Mr. Adler has become famous and
is unequaled in quality and service in
many places for double the price. The
Bay State Restaurant has simply in
creased its facilities to meet the de
mand of a growing patronage. While
formerly occupying the ground floor of
the General Keys building, it now, un
der its new name, includes the entire
building, consisting of fcur spacious
stories and 110 rooms. These are divided
into suites for private dining and sup
per rooms, and are furnished in the
most handsome and comfortable man
ner. The furniture is of a rich pattern
and a piano is found in each suite, and
each has its private dining service. The
general effect gives an air of luxuriance
and good taste. An elevator conveys
the guests to each floor and the entire
house is lighted by electricity. There
are three entrances to the hotel— one
at No. 109 O'Farrell street, a ladies' en
trance at Iso. 17 Stockton street and a
general entrance at No-. 15 Stockton
street.
The proprietor, Mr. Max Adler, has
given his especial personal supervision
to each detail of this extensive cara
vansary, scr that everything in connec
tion with its management is as nearly
perfect as a liberal expenditure and
good taste can produce.
One of the most particular adjuncts
of an establishment of this kind is the
chef. He has much to do with build
ing up and sustaining the reputation of
a hotel. Mr. Adler has secured the ser
vices of a perfect treasure in this line
to take charge of his cuisine. Every
rarity and delicacy to be found in the
market undergoes his personal inspec
tion and is prepared under his watch
ful eye. The epicure knows what a
g-ood meal is, but does not always know
just where to procure it. Mr.Adlerisnot
an experimenter with people's stomachs
or other comforts. He is a veteran and
understands his business. He only asks
one visit from those who are fond of
luxuries to secure a continuance of their
custom. And with all, the patrons of
the Bay State Hotel will be astonished
at the reasonableness of the charge.
It is the enjoyment in the highest de
gree of luxuries at the most reasonable
rates. •
Fomer Failed to Appear.
Dr. W. 11. Forner failed to answer to
his name In Judge Joachlmsen's court
yesterday morning. Representing him
were Attorneys Allen, Grady, Gallagher
and Terry, and they individually and col
lectively explained to the Judge that For
ner was sick in bed. The police had infor
mation that he was drinking, and, after
a continuance was granted till next
Wednesday, the Judpe issued a bench
warrant for his arrest. Sergeant Mofflt
went with the warrant to the doctor's
residence but could not find him. The doc
tor is charged with betrayal under prom
ise of marriage by Miss Victoria C. Mar
tin.
COMFORT FOR
THE SOLDIERS
Liberal Donations to the
Red Cross.
GREETED ILLINOIS TROOPS.
REGULARS WELCOMED BY THE
SOCIETY.
The Postoffice Employes Organize
and Propose to Give a Hand
some Monthly Sub
scription.
Contributions are still steadily pouring
Into the coffers of the Red Cross Society.
As the days pass and the people awake
to the realisation of the importance of
such an institution in the present war
crisis an increasing interest in the wel-
fare and furtherance of the society seems
to grow upon the public. The total re
ceipts up to date amount to $JtO,7ID "5, and
are. steadily increasing.
Fifty regulars from Illinois arrived at
9:15 o'clock yesterday morning, and after
being breakfasted in the new depot at the
foot of Market street, were decorated with
flowers and cheered on their way to camp
by the hundreds who were awaiting their
coming.
Among those who contributed to the oc
casion were members of the Whlttier
School of Berkeley, Laurel School of
Santa Cruz, Native Daughters of the
Golden West, Mr. Maiers, Mrs. A. Hard
ing, Mrs. C. M. Belshaw, Macken & Co.,
Mrs. Simpson, Mr. Carsen, Miss West's
School, Bee Hive Millinery Store.
Four boxes of oranges and four boxes
of lemons from the employes of the
steamer Santa Rosa were also donated
and greatly appreciated by the committee
In charge.
Among the San Francisco and Oakland
ladies who helped to serve the incoming
troops at the ferry Red Cross were: From
San Francisco — Mesdames, Lowenberg,
W. H. Mills, Louis Monteagle, L. L.
Baker, Charles Low, Charles W. Slack,
H. C. Holmes, Arthur Mays, Frank D.
Bates, Robert McKenzle, Henry Gibbons,
M. Abrams, W. M. Gwin, McClung, Kosh
land, Percy Moore, George Buckingham,
Winslow, W. V. Bryan, Misses Maynard,
Gwln, Irene and Hattie Tay, McClung,
Thomas, Castle, Tustin, Carrington Ash
Coleman, Delia Mills, Denman, Tllling
hajst, Gibbs, Ruth Loring, Flint, Morris
Fisher, Owen, A. and F. Greenbaum.
Marian Harrison, Ida Gibbons, Romela
Bigelow, Gertrude Burnett, May Sadler'
Maude Younger, Vesta Jordan, May Rels
Burke. From Oakland— Mesdames Isaac
Requa, Kye Bartlett, Martin, Veitch,
Bakewell, Mitchell, Orr, Beck Nusbau
mer, Morrison, Major Long, Misses Dun
ham, Maude Allen, Mabel Gray Jaeger
and Margaret Knight. 6
The society ladies at the ferry had some
novel experiences in their work of ex
tending San Francisco's greeting to the
Incoming and outgoing troops. In sending
coffee and lunches to the famibhed Ore
ton boys the expressman Invited the ladies
to ride down in his vehicle. One coura
geous society matron immediately accept
ed the Invitation, her example being fol
lowed by a number of her fellow-workers
In this way with every wagon-load of pro
visions to the soldier boys went a bevy
of pretty girls to serve them
The ladles of Royal Rebekah Lodge of
the Independent Order of Odd Fellows^
who for severul days past have been
working on the lines of the Red Cross
bociety, yesterday afternoon obtained
permission from the colonel of the Idaho
regiment to erect a tent on the regimental
grounds, from which point they will be
enabled to continue the good "work in
which they are engaged. Tfie Odd Fellows
Becured a tent for them, and it was put
up lato in the afternoon. It is distinguish
able from the others by having the three
links, representing Friendship, Love and
Truth, placed over the entrance.
At 16 Post street the work of making
bandages is going on bravely. An army
of workers yesterday made short work of
the material provided. Ten thousand
more bandages are asked for. Flannel
and broad white tape are always in de
mand.
The French Hospital, through its vice
president, extended valuable aid to the
society in the hospital work at the Bay
District camp. A ward in the hospital
has been placed at the disposal of the
society for the sick, and countless other
favors have been accorded, for wmcu Hie
ladies are very gTateful.
The patriotic employes of the San Fran
cisco Postoffice have set fui example
worthy of imitation by other organiza
tions. They met in Judge Morrow's court
room last Thursday evening and proceed
ed to organize a Red Cross society. A. M.
Cox, superintendent of the city delivery,
was chosen as president; J. R. Rlnes, the
oldest carrier in the service, was elected
vice-president, D. S. Richardson secre
tary and E. A. O'Connor treasurer.
After many patriotic speeches, it was
unanimously resolved to contribute in the
neighborhood of *«W per montn to the
Red Cross cause as long as the war with
Spain shall last. This money will be de
ducted from the salaries of the employes
each month and forwarded to the Red
Cross headquarters.
The following letters of appreciation
from parents and sympathizers of the
boys was received by the society yester
day afternoon;
DENVER, May 24, IS9B.
To the Indies of the Red Cross Society: A
Denver mother wishes to tend«- her grateful
thanks to the ladle* of the He<\ Cross Society
for the generous hospitality and royal wel
come Given to the First Regiment of Colorado
Volunteers. Doubtless my f»n was the happy
recipient of your bounty, and the memory of
California's floral offering and enthusiastic
cheers will ever remain green in the hearts of
Colorado's mothers, wives and sisters.
The noble example of your society has in
spired other hearts to go and do likewise. Re-
A Pe MOTHER OP ONE OF THE VOLUN
TEERS. .
SAN FRANCISCO, May 26, 1898.
To the Red Cross Society of San Francisco-
Dear Ladles: Accept the hearty thanks of a
mother and father for the kindness you have
shown their pnn, he being a soldier on board
the City of Peking. You do Indeed deserve
great credit for ths Interest you have taken
in our soldiers, and hope that the AlmiKhty
will bless and protect you in your good work
for now and evermore. Amen.
This 1b the heartfelt mMsh of the parents of
one of the volunteers of San Francisco.
MR. AND MRS. B. ROyENBERQ,
617 McAllister street.
The following was received from the
Minnesota boys, thanking the society for
its hospitality and noble assistance ren
dered to them:
N. T. Messer. Esq.— My Dear Sir: On be
half of the reg-tment I desire to rpfurn through
you to the ladies of the Red Cross Society of
San Francisco our sincere thanks for their
kindness in providing the men with a lunch
on the morning of their arrival In this city.
It was all the more acceptable to us from the
fact that owing to the early hour of starting
ADVEBTISEMENTS. '
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER
HonyadiJanos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
—FOR—
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA. •
UVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lancet.
"Speedy, sure, gentle." hritUhMedicaUournai
CAUTION: Bee that the label bear* th» itgna-
rure of the firm. : - : ■•'
Andreas Saxlchner.
we were unable to obtain any breakfast of any
kind in Oakland. Yours very truly.
Colonel Commanding Minnesota Regiment.
J. Kraker, ladies' tailor, 501 Golden Gate
avenue, offers the services of his estab
lishment, employing eighteen hands, two
days each month as long as necessary to
assist in making garments for the Red
Cross Society.
GROWLS THAT FOLLOW
THE BENCH SHOW.
The show is over, but not the work of
the bench show committee. The secre
tary has a particularly fine and large
Job on hand— he Is at present busy mak
ing out the checks wherewith to pay the
prizes. The accounts have not yet been
balanced, but from present appearances
It Is a moot question whether the San
Francisco Kennel Club will not have to
face a deficit. The rain on the closing
night played havoc with the receipts and
rendered all calculations nugatory. The
best that can be hoped for is a surplus
of a couple of hundred dollars, and that,
if it be proved to exist, will go to the
Children's Hospital.
The Judge of the show, Mr. George E.
Bell, has signed a contract for five years
with Emmett Sullivan of Menlo Park to
undertake the charge of the latter's ken
nels. There can be no doubt that Mr.
Sullivan has dune a very clever stroke
of business, for Mr. Bell's long kennel ex
perience should render his services In
valuable to his employer.
Mr. Bell has engaged Frank Robbins
to act as his secretary and assistant gen
erally.
Mr. Christenson's protest against the
winning of the bull terrier, Rastus, is lla
able to prove futile, as far as the San
Francisco Kennel Club is concerned.
Mr. Taits, under whose name Rastus
was entered, is able to show a clean bill
of sale for the dog, bearing date of April
20, and this settles the protest, as far as
the San Francisco Kennel Club is con
cerned. Any further contest must be
laid before the American Kennel Club for
decision.
The facts of the case, as developed
since the filing of the protest, show that
the arrangement for the loan of Mr.
Christenson's stud dog, Imp. Woodcote
Venom, to Mr. Foley, was made by Mr.
O'Brien of the Palace Hotel, and that
the pup agreed on, as the price of the
stud dog's service, was duly delivered to
Mr. O'Brien. This seems to remove all
doubt as to the legality of Rastu*'
awards, but Mr. E. S. Heller, Mr. Chris
tenson's adviser, is a stubborn fighter,
and it is beyond peradventure that he will
carry the matter for decision to the su
preme tribunal of the American Kennel
Club.
Mr. Heller's own bitch. Torpedo, has
been disqualified for deafness. By this
disqualification Mr. Folger's Fly takes the
first prize in open bull terrier bitches, and
Mr. Clinton E. Worden's Lady Jane the
second prize. It is due to Mr. Heller
to state that he advised the kennel club
of the bitch's deafness when he made
the entry. Not the slightest reflection
can therefore be cast on him.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Makes Hill Climbing: Easy.
Chainiess Bicycles, $125.
A half-hour's ride upon one will convince
you that no other type of machine is to
be compared with it for ease of propul-
sion, noiseless and beautiful action.
A Perfect Mechanism.
The Columbja Chainiess is in a class
alone. The Newest Bicycle with the
Oldest name.
Columbia Chain Bioyoles $75.00
Hartford Bioydes $50.00
Vedette Bicycles ~ $35.00 and $40.00
Pope Mfg. Co., Makers
San Francisco Stores 344 Post Street
Cyclery 1970 Page Street
102 Telegraph Aye., Oakland.
if jgkiik -
DOCTOR SWEANY,
THE ESTABLISHED
AND RELIABLE SPECIALIST.
For the Speedy and Permanent Cure of All
NERVOUS, CHRONIC AND PRIVATE
Diseases, even in their roost aggravated forms.
WRITE if you cannot call.
CONSULTATION FREE and confidential
at office or by letter. A valuable book, "Guide
to Health," free. - :
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
DIRECT
- . . TO . .
DAWSON CITY.
All water route, no change; new
steamer, built for leading business men
of this city and Alameda; cheap rate;
best fare; no second-class, all new fur-
nishings and best caterers. i Tickets on
salel at 54 Steuart street, and 25 Market
street. Call for particulars. 
§ Visit DR. ' JORDAN'S Gre*t
jglga Museum of Anatomy
/Pgfel 1061 1IASXST ST. tot 6th 4 7th, S. T. C*L
A % ■ The Largeit of in kind in If Mid.
liSfiifcl DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
ConralM'.toa free. Write for Back.
Wli Philosophy of Marriage.
a h moihd rwec.
The pure essential extract from the natire druy. Con-
! tains all' the valuable medicinal properties of • i link
without 'ts noxious elements.. No sickness cf Rtoni«rh|
no Tomlt.ng {no coatlveneCT , no tiendache. All L)rupK-»ta.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms 60c to $150 day,
$5 to $8 week. $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: fire grates in every
! room; elevator, runs all nlglit.
€LED BOATS' ETC.
ARCTIC sleds, Arctic dogs. Toukon boats,
: pilot rraps to the -: Klondike. Alaskr. .outfits,
steam launches and stern-wheel steamer*, with
boilers suitable to burn wood: 50 boats can be
Been at salesroom. G. W. KNEASS, 718 Third
«t. "Phone Red, 2381. . -,'.. . •
; j^^DEWEXSTRDNG&CO^g?S^
I (1 r-PATENTSI 1)
I ■.XS& r 330 MARKET.ST.Sf.^SSS/-
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ALL YUKON^RJVErPOiNTS
* . . ■! i X
ALASKA COMMERCIAL GO'S
STEAMERS.
i
THE PIONEER LINE,
ESTABLISHED ON THE RIVER 1869.
SIX FAST AND COMMODIOUS RIVER STEAMERS NOW IN SERVICE AND ON
the river; six new steamers building in addition and will be ready to run when naviga- .
lion ODens.
Passengers by our line are assured IMMEDIATE CONNECTION AT ST. MICHAEL
and other advantages accruing from the fact of our having stations and warehouses at all
important points on the river, having facilities which, as the result of our 30 years' experi-
ence In the country, far excel anything that can be offered by others.
OUR RIVER FLEET WILL CONSIST OF THE FOLLOWING STEAMERS :
ALICE, HANNAH, SAIDIE, BELLA,
SARAH, VICTORIA, MARGARET, SUSIE,
YUKON, LEAH, LOUISE, W.H. SEWARD.
They are specially adapted to the trade and fitted with every possible appliance and im-
provement for speed, safety, comfort and the peculiar conditions of the traffic, which our long
connection with the business has given us nnequaled opportunities to cope with.
OUR OCEAN FLEET WILL CONSIST OF :
Steamer ST. PAUL— New Steel Steamer, 2300 tons.
Steamer PORTLAND, Steamer BERTHA, Steamer DORA
The last three vessels are favorably known to all who have traveled via St. Michael, and
the new St. Paul will be the finest and best appointed vessel on this run.
Sailing Dates from San Francisco About June. sth and at Short
Intervals Thereafter.
The advantages we offer are Immediate connection at St. Michael and our superior facili-
ties for handling the traffic. We can start up the river the moment navigation opens.
OUR BOATS ARE THERE AND READY.
Letters of credit and certificates of deposit issued payable at our stations on the river. In
connection with WELLS, F..KGO & CO. we have established a parcel express service
reaching all points on the river. The company also maintains stations and does a general
transportation and trading business at all points in Western and Southern Alaska, including
CoDner River, Cooks Inlet, Turnagain Arm, etc., etc. Sitka June 10. for all point, in '
Steamer Dora, Sitka to Unalaska and way ports, leaving Sitka June 10. for all points in
South, Eastern and Western Alaska.
For rates or further particulars apply to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY,
310 Sansome Street,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
f^NICKERBOCKER
IV SPECIAL,
—FAMOUS NOONDAY TRAIN—
Via BIG FOUR ROUTE,
FROM ST. LOUIS TO
INevrv York,
Boston,
Montreal,
. Buffalo,
Indianapolis,
Cincinnati^ •
Washington.
Finest and fastest regular train between
Mississippi River and Eastern Seashore over
greatest system of transportation In the
world— the Vanderbilt Lines.
STOPS ALLOWED at Niagara Falls, "Wash-
ington. Philadelphia and Virginia Hot Springs.
■ This train allows half day's stop In St. Louis
and goes Into the only depot in New York
Cl °" C. W. GREEN.
Traveling Pass'r Agent., Kansas City, Mo.
A. J. WHITEHEAD.
Traveling Passenger Agent, Dallas. Tex.
WM. P. DEPPE,
Ass't Gen'l Passenger Agt., St. Louis, Mo.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
' WEEK PAYS— 9:00. 11:00 a. m. 12:35,
3:30, 5:10 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturday*— trips at
1:65 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10, a. m. ; 1:40, 3:10,
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. - -
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
— April 23, •
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- I Week
Days. I days. Destination. days. | Days.
7-3Oam| ~8:00arri "Novato, 10:40 am|~8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm|lo :2s am
6:lopm s:oopm Santa Rosa. 7:3s pm| 6:22pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
3:30 8:00 am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:22 pm
"7:30 am ~~ 'Hopland and ii a 2 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am) Ukiah. | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
7:30 am r I . 10:25 am
8:00 am GuemeviUe. 7:35 pm
3:3opm| _ __| _L 6:22 P m
7 30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and )
5:10 prnLsj 00 pm__Glen Ellen. ( 6:10 pm[ 6:22 pm
"7:3o am 8:00 ami Sebastopol. 110:40 amjlb :25am
3:Sopm 6:00 pm| | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
""stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Lytton for. Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at > Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for. Duncan. Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's River-
side Llerley's. Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights,
HullviUe, Booneville, Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg, Went port, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round trip • tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays : round trip tickets to • all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. _.."•,'
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle "bldg.
A.W.FOSTER, R. X. RYAN.
Pres and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JQAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10, 1897, trains will run as
follows: - >
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- I Mixed Mixed j Passen-
ger I Sunday Sta- I Sunday ger
Dally. lExc'pfdl tlons. Exc'pt'dl Daily.
7-20 aml 9:00 a ml' StocJtton 3:45 pm 1 B:40 p m
910 a m 12:50 pmi Merced 12:30 pmi 3:53 p m
10:40 am 3:50 pm Fresno 9:!J0 amj 2:20 p m
1140 am 5:20 pmi Hanford 9:40 am: 1:1 a p m
12:15 pm 6:45 pm| Vlsalla 6:40 a m' 12:40 p m
Stopping at intermediate points when re-
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
C N & I. Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. m. daily: at Merced with
stages to and from Snellings, Coulterville. Yo-
gemite etc ; also with stage for Hornitos,
Mariposa, etc.; at Lankershim with stage to
and from Madera.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May 1, 1898.
WKKK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo, »8:00,
•!>:3O, 11:00 a. m.; *1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 6:15, »6:00,
6:30 p. m. ft
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays. Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 'B:oo, *9:00,
10:00. 11:00, 11:30 a. m. ; 1:00, 1:45, *2:30, »4:00,
6:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days — Caxadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way Fta'ns.
6:15 p. m. week days iSat. ex.) — Tomales and
way stations.
8:30 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way sta'n.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausallto Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing May 1,
1898:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays— B :oo, 9:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:45 and
2:30 p. m.
Monday. May 30. IS9S— Trains run on Sunday
time.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agents, 621 Market
street, San Francisco.
Wfifilly Call $1.50 irtar
BAILHOAD TRAVEL.
lOIITUKBH rAl'iriC fOMPAJIT.
(rAoirio hvhtkm.)
rrnlMt leaic »n<l nr* «ln« (v nrrlve at
MAN FK4N< IS« «». '
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
f.B*yii — From April 38, 1898. — ak»it»
•«:OOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... •»:43a
7:OOa Benicia, Suisuu and Sacramento. . . . 10:45 a
?>OOa MarysTille, Oroville and Redding via
Woodland 5«4.1p
7»OO a VacaTille and Ramsey. Bt43p
7:3Ua Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
falistuga and Santa Rosa •ilSp
8:00 a Atlantic Express. Og<len aud East.. 1 St43r
»i»Oa Niles. .San Jose. .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, MaryHTMle, Chioo.
Tehania and Red Uluff 4ilor
•SiSOa Peters, Milton, Oakdale (Jamestown
for Yosemite) lilir
9iOOa New OrleauH i'iiuress, Merced, Fres-
no, liakenlleld, .Santa Karliara.
:,<.s Aiigelon, DeiniiiK, £1 Paso,
New Orleans and Gut •i4»p
lOiOOa Vallejn, Martinez and Way Stations 7:43p
. *l:OOp Sacramento Ui»er Bte»mer» M»:OOp
ItOOr Nile*. San Jose and Way Stations. . »»:4aA
San Jose, Niles and Way Station*... J»:l3a
2:« Op LiTermore, Mendota, Uanford and
VUalla 4ilsp
Urermore, San Jose, Nile* and Way
Stations..:....' JIO:15a
Fresno, Meroed, Martinez, Vallejo.. l*»lsr
4iOOp Martinez. Man llainon, Vallejn,
Napa, Calistoca. IU Verano aud
Hniitu Kosa »iI»A
4ioop Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing. Marjstille, uro-
Tille aud Sacramento. 1«:48a
4:SOp Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:I»p.
4:80p Stockton. Oakdale, Merced lSilSr
4:SOp Oißtle and Lodi lS«lsr
4:3 up Lattirop, Modesto, Merced, Berend*
(lUpnond for Yosemite), Fresno,
Mojare, Santa Barbara and l.us
Aitneles T««3a.
4:HOp Santa Va Route. Atlantic Express
-' =. . for Mojavo and Ka«t «:43p
•iO»r Kiiropeau Mall, Ogdeti and Kast.... 9:48*
. •6:0« - Vallejo 1*:1
6iOOr ll.yuHrd-.. Nllrsßlid Sun .lose 7i43a
17« OOp Vallejo, Port Cotto and Way Sta-
• tions • J»:4."»»
SiOOr Ori-guu Kx|ir»m,Haciaiiieiit<i. Marys-
Tille. l: ..l.ll!i(». Poitluinl, I'liget
■Si.iin.l ami Kiist 8ll»A
' SAN LKAM>KO AMU I! A 1 A It I)S LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
: 1 " : " pp — Tiißi
8:0»a Belro»e, Seminary Park, *!H S 13 A
,S : 22i ■■•rilel.b«r B ,Elmfcor.t f SISSt
<11:UOa San l-f»ndro, South Sam 12:43p
112.00 M jMnAr9 , Kstudlllo, {525*
iiiioo'p ■ Lorenzo, Cherry • 'j :43 *
4:« OP . 15:43p
5:OOP i *■<» 6:|.lp
3:3 Up naf wards. 2'i« F
7:OOp . . 8i4.1p
8:OOp i Rung through to Nile*. iVt?* r
ttt 9.00pJ tgrom NUe.. j ttSSSS?
tOAST I»I VISION (.\arrovr Uailire).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17:43 a Sauta Cruz Excursion, Santa Crui
%ud Principal Way Stations JSiOBp
81 1 3 a Newark, Cen terrille, San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz and Way
Stations »jS«j»
•2il3p Newark, Canterrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek.
Santo Crux and Principal Way
Stations •!•:»•*.
4:13p San Jose, Glenwood * Way Stations 9:2« a.
a4i l sp Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz Jtf:BQA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
'ram SIN ruiSCI.SCO— Ftot «f Market Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. (1:00 *2:00 t3:00
•4:00 .. tB:OO ♦6:80r.u.
.'nmOiUiSD— Fool »f Br.«d*»y.— *6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tl2:00 •1:00 WO »3:00 11:00 *8:00r.M.
COAST 111 VISION (Broad «auge). r *,
(Third and Tow mend Sta.) '
•7:UOa San June Hud Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....... liSOp
17:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose.
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grore and
. Principal Way Stations J«t«3»
9:00 a Mail .lose, 'J'rns I'inns. .Sauta Cruz,
Pacillc Grofe, l'aso Hnb'es, San
liiifa (>bis|>n, Guadalupe. Surf aud
Principal Way .Station* " 4:IOr
10: IO A San .lose and Way .Stations *A:Uf)A,
II:»Oa San J<«e aud Way Stations •B>33*
*a:43i>San Mateo, Redwood, Palo Alto.
Santa , Clara, San Jose, Giiroy,
lister, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Mouterey and I'acltic (trove MO:83
•*:3f»p San Jose and Way Stations ♦D:««*
• •l:13r San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43*.
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33*
3:30 c San Jose and Principal Way Stations s:3or>
«::»»[■ San Jose and Way Stations.. ?:!lUp
>11:43r San Jose Way Stations ?:30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. .-. -
• Sundays excepted. t Sundays only, t Saturdays only
.1 1 Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
• Sundays and Mondays. . a Saturdays and Sundays.
ll^^^^l^S CALIFORNIA
iiiErß&*TCfrrTO9r SAN FRANCISCO
|»M^!«A^9S[|: CHICAGO.
THE" ONLY limited train
FROM CALIFORNIA BY
ANY LINE,
I/«>avp Ban Francisco at 4:30 p.m . <
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
". Carries flrct-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing' Room Sleeper*. ■ -".3
days to Chicago, 4'i days to New York.
Trains arrive and* depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1520.
Oakland office, 1118 Broadway. Sacramento
olfice. 201 J street. San Jose, 1 West Saat»
Clara street. ■
v^££BSig3E>»?4M.S B? 2 *• '■ * non-pol»onon»
<JB~"ir~ r^ **fa-Tjai remedy for Gonorrhoea,
>HW3Bi' ? CtJliEs%pJ <?Jeet, Spermatorrhoea,
j^saJy in 1 to 5 .!*t>. \| Whites, unnatural dia-
4B|~*V a»»r»ntMd jj charges, or anT inflamma-
TltW sot to itricmre. tion. irritation or ulcera-
!r ■■■ '8 ' feTenu > 8 108 - tion of neons meni-
y^ITHEEvANS Ctiiwr.it Co. bran ' 8 ' Kon-aatringent.
*«Lc!NOINHATI,O "B~] old b^ Dro«fls»».
VwSlk. V 3 * "pji or sent in plain wrapper,
<^~E3~~b> >^ " JrfSnß •''?■ express, prepaid, fo»
''fc^Hifc»ff3T!» O « ?. C0 ' or 3 t>ottii-a, $2.76..
"»^**aJ|?S*'« ■" S3 Circular nut tiu raquett,
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THBI
. great ■ Mexican ■ remedy: gives . health : ao4
•trength to tao sexual organs.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver firmer.
Wheat still lower.
Barley about the same.
Oats lower and weak.
Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay steady.
Beans quiet.
Potatoes lower. Onions steady.
Turkeys declined. Hens steady.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Fruits growing more plentiful. -
Dried fruits cleaning up well.
Provisions active and firm.
Hides firm at the advance.
Wool and Hops dead.
Hogs in fair supply.
Seventeen failures last week.
Decreased Sugar imports.
Increased shipments of Wine.
Flour marked down 25c.
SHIPMENTS OF WINE.
Shipments of Wine from this port during the
first four months of the year were 5,131.700
gallons, against 4.279.200 gallons during the
same period In IS''7.
IMPORTS OK SUGAR.
Imports of Sugar '.nto the United States for
r.'.ne month* ending March 31 compare aa fol
lows :
1896-97. 1897-98.
Haw, :b8 1,642.416.716 1.527.2&5.360
Refined 10.',. 755. 049 78.423.0113
Total 2.646,171.765 1. 605. 723. 353
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 17
failures In the Pacific Coast States and Ter
ritories for the week endlns yesterday as
compared with 17 for the previous week and 14 |
for the corresponding week of 1597. The fail
ures for the past week are divided among the
trades as follows: Four saloons, 1 brickyard, 1 |
wine company, 2 peneral stores. 1 hotel, 1
fruit*. 1 lumber. 1 bouts and shoes. 1 clothing.
1 curtains, etc., 1 nut machines, etc., 1 candy.
1 bakery.
EXPORTS OF LUMBER.
The exports of lumber from this country
have been rapidly increasing during the past
two years, and especially was there a notable
Increase last year over the record of the year
before, says the Now Yorh Commercial. In
18 • the value of lumber exports from this
country was $13,000,000, while last year thpr*
was an increase of more than 20 per cent, the
total be!n« upward of $40,000,000 worth of lum
ber. In 1896 the value was about t3ii.ooo.nno,
and for several yearv previous to that year
the value was about the same. In 1860 it was
'$10,000,000.
EXPLANATION.
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high in the Interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and couth along the coast, rain Is probable;
but v.-hen the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
lilaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In Eummer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
oi,j.«.site result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
(12<ith Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO, May 27, IS9S. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
reported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
In California:
Fresno, 74: Los Angeles, 70; Red Bluff. 66;
Independence, 74: San Diego. 64; Sacramento,
.64: San Lula Ohispo. c,6: Yuma, 92.
San Francisco temperature: Maximum. 60;
minimum. GO; mean. .*.'.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
An extensive area of low pressure overlies
the western half of the country. The pressure
is much below the normal over the entire coun
try west at the Rocky Mountains and is still
falling through Idaho to Wyoming and Utah.
The temperature has fallen on account of
the rain over almost all of the Pacific Slope.
With the exception of Fort Canby and San
Luis Oblspo all stations report showers from
San Diego to Tatoosh Island. Showers have
also fallen inland over almost the entire coun-
try.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Carbon City, 33 miles per hour from
the s nth-.v-st ; Wtnnemuccn. 26. southwest.
Forecasts made .it San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May », IS^S:
Northern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Saturday, with ■howen: fresh south
erly changing to westerly wind?.
Southern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Saturday, with showers Inland; fresh
westerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Saturday; showers.
Utah— Cloudy Saturday; showers.
Arizona - Cloudy Saturday, with showers
early Saturday morning.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy and un
settled weather Saturday, with »howers early
Saturday morning; southeasterly changing to
•y winds.
Sp h lal report from Mount Tamalpals, taken
at 5 | m Cloudy: wind pouthwest: tempera
turf, 44; maximum temperature, 49; rainfall,
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 27.— The stock market en-
Joyed a period of strength this morning. but
the early gains were practically all wiped out
before the day ended except in a few special
stocks which had sustained the list . all -day.
Even some of those closed at prices as low or
lower than last night's closing. The late
weakness was all the more remarkable on ac
count of the sustaining force exerted by the
buoyancy of People's Gas. This stock made a
remarkable display of strength and absorbed
a large proportion of the day's total dealings.
The extreme rise, almost 3 points, was effected
In the face of pronounced heaviness of th»
general market, which was dropping under a
persistent dribble In realizing sales. The ad
vance In People's Gas was due to the very
confident buying on the interests on the Inside.
It may have been directed against short In
terests, which has been put out In the last
few days on the strength of the threatened liti
gation against the combination of companies.
After the stock touched par very heavy blocks
were .taken and there were prolonged periods
when it was practically the only stock appear
ing on the tape. Its net gain is nearly 2%
'points. Rock Island was advanced almost 2
points in the early trading. . but saved only a
little over a point of its net gain." The Grang
ers as a group shared in this early strength
and there was good buying also in the Van
derbllts. London was a buyer of the inter
national stocks in this market and there were
conspicuous gains, in the case of - several Iso
lated stocks. Later weakness In the : market
was undoubtedly due to : a growing doubt as
to the whereabouts of, the Spanish fleet.
There was some awakened activity nt times
In the bond market and prices were well held
throughout. Sales $2,675. (M). -
United States .old ,4s registered were ' %
'higher, and do coupon, 1 per cent lower and
the new- 4s coupon Vi lower, bid price.
Others unchanged.
- Total sales of stocks to-day, 335.500 shares;
Including: 10.100 Atchlson preferred; 15.400 Bur
lington: 12.800 Louisville and Nashville: 16,600
Manhattan; 12,400 Metropolitan; 8600 Missouri
Pacific; 4200 New York Central; 4300 Northern'
Pacific; 6700 Northern " Pacific ■ preferred ;•■ 28.
800 Rock Island: 24.400 St. Paul; 9900 Southern
preferred; 6100 Tobacco; 62,400 People's Gas; 22,
800 Sugar: 4200 T. C. and I. ■ 4200 Leather pre
ferred: 4200 Western Union.
CLOSING STOCKS. j
Atchison .... 12% St & Ora. 78 %, !
Do prefd 31% Do prefd 11 i
Baltimore & Ohio 18 St PM &. M 143 !
Canada Pacific .. !>4% So Pacific 16%
Canada Southern. 62Vi So Hallway 8%
Central Pacltic .. 13 Do prefd 30%
Ches & Ohio 21% Texas & Pacific. 11%
Chi & Alton 155) Union Pacltlc .... 5J>%
Chi B & Q 102 L' PD & G 7%
Chi & E 111. 54 Wabash 7% i
C C & St L 34% Do prefd 19% \
Do prefd 75 Wheel &L E 2%
Del & Hudson li'S Do prefd 11**
Del L <si W 152 Express Companies—
Den A- X G 11% Adams Ex 99
Do prefd 47% American Ex — 12S
Erie (new) 13 United States .... 40
Do Ist prefd 30% Wells Fargo 117
Fort Wayne 163 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor prefd.... 173% A Cot Oil 22
Hooking Valley .. 6% Do prefd 3% ■
Illinois Central .. 104% Amn Spirits — . iz% ,
Lake Erie &. XV... 14% Do prefd 32% ,
Do prefd 72 lAm Tobacco 103*
Luke -Shore 190% I Do prefd 117
Louis & Nash... 56% People's Gas 100%
Manhattan L .... 105% Cons Gas 192%
Met St Ry 169 '.Ota Cable Co 160
Mich Cent 105% Cor F & Iron 21% |
Minn & tit L 27% Do prefd 90 j
Do Ist prefd $7% Gen Electric 36% 1
Mo Pacific 35 Illinois Steel 54 I
Mobile & 0hi0... 23 Laclede Gas 47% I
Mo K& T 11 Lead 33 j
Do prefd 35 Do prof d 10S%
Chi Ind & L 9% Nat Lin Oil 20%
DO prefd 30 Or Imp Co 30% j
N J Central 95 Pacific Mail 2<% I
N V Central 117 Pullman Pal 188%
N* V Chi <* S L... 13 Silver Certificates oS%
Do let prefd.... 65 Stand R & T 6% |
Do 2d prefd.... 32 Bugar 13.% I
1 Nor West 13% Do prefd 113% \
No Amer Co 6% T C & Iron 25%
INo Pacific ....... 26% U S Leather ..... 8%
Do prefd ' 66 ( Do prefd 63%
Ontario & W 15% ;U S Rubber 20%
Or R & Nay 00% | Do prefd 75% !
Or Short Line ... 29 ! West Union 91% ,
Plttsburg 163 Chi &N W 125%
! Reading 18% Do prefd 171 i
Do Ist prefd.... 45 St L& S W.. 4% :
Rock Island 104 Do prefd 10% I
St Louis & S F... 7% R G W 25 ,
Do Ist prefd 61% Do prefd 63% ,
Do 2d prefd.... 29% Chi G W 14% J
I St Paul PB% Haw Com Co 19% .
Do prefd US i
CLOSING BONDS.
C S new 4s reg.. 122% Carolina 65.... 124
Do coup 122% Do 4s 105
U S 4s 109% No Pac lsta 115
Do coup 111% Do 3s 60%
Do 2ds S3 ! Do 4s 96
L' S 5s reg 111% N V C & S L 4s. 103
Do 5s coup lil Nor &W 6s 120
District 3.C;>s 113% Northwstrn cons. 137
Ala class A 109 Do deb 5s 114%
Do U 105 ID Nay lsts 113
Do C 90 0 Nay 4* 96
Do Currency ... 90 OS Line 6s tr.... 124
1 Atchlson 4s 91 OS Line os tr.... 103% '
Do adj 4s <U% 0 Imp lsts tr — 109% ■
Can So 2ds 108% Do 5s tr B8 |
• "hi Term 4-s 84 Paciflc 6s ot 96... 103%
.■ & Ohio 5s 112% Reading 4s 83% ,
Z II & D >Vfcs 104% R G W lsts 85% •
D & R G lsts.... 106)» St L & I M C 6s. 93% j
1 d & R G 4s 93% St L & B F Q 6s. 118%
! East Tonr. lsts.. 107 5t P Con 145
Erie Gen 4s 72% Ist P C & P lsts.. 117
I" W & D lsts tr. 73 Do 5s 115%
Gen Elec 5s 103% Po Ry 55... 93 j
QH&S A6s 105% Stand R& T 65.. 70 j
Do 2ds 105U Term new pet Is.. 87%
II A- T C 5s 110% T & P L G lsts.. 105
Do ron 6s 1M Do Rg :ds : 34%
[owl C lsts 101% CJ P D & G lsts.. 65%
La new cons 45.. 100 Wab Ist 5s 10S
L & N Uni 45.... 90 Do 2ds S2T4
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s 108 j
M X & T 2ds 62 V'a Centuries 67%
Do 4s £9% Do deferred ... 5
N V Central 15t5.,117% D P prefd 55%
N J C 5s 112Hi(J P 4s 94
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15 i Ontario 2 75 I
Crown Point .... 10 Ophlr 35
Con Cal & Va.... 50 Plymouth 15 ,
De*dwood 50 Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry.. 20! Do preferred ... 200
Hale & Norcross. 80 Sierra Nevada .. 60
Homestake 40 00 Standard 1 50
Iron Silver 45 : Union Cm 10
Mexican 1." ; fellow Jacket 20 i
BOSTON. i
BOSTON, May .— Atchlson. 12%; Bell Tele
phone 265; Burlington, 102; Mexican Central,
i\k; Oregon Short Line, 25%; San Diego. . j
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 27.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were quiet to-day on the coming
holidays, but were firm and hopeful. Barring
the uncertainties of politics, the outlook Is
healthier and more hopeful than it has been
for some time past. The India Government
offered to-day £f.. 000.000 In treasury bills. These
were all allotted in twelve months' bills at 2.i»
per cent, and I learn privately that Japan was
the buyer. This probably means a further re
lease of Japanese money goon. Argentines were
strong, as also Brazils, the latter on the debt
reorganization scheme.
Americans and Grand Trunks were good, clos
ing quiet at the best.
There is a revival in the Continental demand
for gold, the price of which Is now 77s S^d.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific, B8%c; Grand Trunk, 9; Bar
Silver, firm, 26% d per ounce; Money, 2@2V4 per i
cent.
Spanish 4s closed at n%, a net loss of V<d.
PARIS, May 27.— Spanish 4s closed at 33 11-16,
B net loss of 1%.
FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, May 27.— Bradstreefs Financial
Review to-morrow will say: Irregularity in
the movement of prices this week has been at
tended by considerable bullish sentiment and
activity. The war continues to be the prin
cipal speculative factor and In a large degree
restricts the market by rendering the outside
public unwilling to take part In it until there
i are further and even decisively favorable de-
I velopments. This has left matters entirely in
professional hands, although the rank and file
of the Wall-street traders are at present bull
ish In their Ideas and disposition. Both the
regular professionals and the large financial
Interests closelj- connected with corporations
are disposed to pay more attention to the crops,
the prospects of another year of large railroad
tonnage and earnings and to the generally
favorable outlook than to the war situation.
The principal movements In prices this week—
the advances In t):»> Grander stocks and the
local traction securities— were the result of in
fluences "entirely outside of war developments.
In the fir?t-named cape the incrense In the
Hock Island dividend and the probability of an
extra one was the moving factor in prices,
and In the latter Instance rumors of a connec
tion between the Metropolitan and the Third
avenue Companies were sufficient to materially
advance both stocks. Other parts of the list
also moved in obedience to circumstances or
developments hnvlng a particular bearing on
their values. It should be noted that this
week London has changed its position and
has bought our stocks Instead of selling them.
Its change of attitude is due partly to the de
cline of the money market there and to an
easier feeling about the relations between Eng
land and the continental rowers. The ad
vance of exchanr* rat^s h<-re seems natural
and attracted little attention on the stock
market, while the very easy rates for money
are an encouragement for holders of stocks,
and tend to emphasize the firmness with which
the market resists bearish pressure or falls
to respond to unfavorable reports.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. May .— FIjOTTR—
13.782 bbls. ; exports, 20,913 bbls. Dull and weak
on all grades; Minnesota patents, $6 25^ M;
do bakers'. jr. 3306 50' winter patents, $6 50®
6 7"i : do strait*. 25@6 35.
WHEAT— Receipts. 465.270 bushels: exports,
4*o. bushels. Spot weak; No. 2 red $1 44% f. o.
b. afloat exports grade. Options opened lower
on cables and after a rally attended _ by cov
ering, experienced a heavy afternoon decline,
selling was facilitated by reported big French
crop estimates and weak Paris markets, cloned
lc off on May, 3c on July and 1%W1%C on later
months. ■ No. 2 red May closed $146; July, $1 13
<gl 17H: closed $1 13%.
HOPS— Quiet. /--; •;.•
WOOL— Quiet. /
PETROLEUM— DuII.
METALS — The week In the metal market
shows a pronounced strength and activity.
Quotations fur tin and lead were higher to
day with the tendency still upward. At the
dose tin was officially called firm. $14 90014 95.
SPELTER— Firm; $4 2504 35.
LEAD— Active and advancing; $3 75-r?3 85.
PIGIRON— unchanged: $8 9O<<7.
LAKE COPPER — Unchanged; $12^12 10.
The price of lead was advanced to S3 55 by the
firm, naming the settling price for Western
miners and smelters.
COFFEE— Options closed 15@25 points higher.
Sales 16,250 bags, Including June and July,
$3 80. | Spot coffee— Rio. firm and higher: No.
7 lnvrtiee. 6V4c; No. 7 Jobbing, 7c. Steady;
Cordova. B%<3>]s%c. , Sales, fair business. . .-,
SUGAR— Firm; fair refining, 3%c; , cen
trifugal. 36 test. 4 B-16c;. refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4600 packages.' Firm:
Western creamery, 13V4@lC%c; Elglns. 16Hc;
factory. 11<?/12%C. ■
Receipts. 6900 packages. Firm; West
ern, 12@12%c; Southern HVi@llV4c. :-,
DRIED FRT'ITS.
NEW YORK. May 27.— California dried fruits
strong and excited.
EVAPORTED APPLES — Common, 6®«c
prime wire tray. 9<g9M>c; wood dried, prime
9&c; choice, 9>*@loc; fancy, 10c.
PRUNES— 4<fiSMic.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 8@10c; Moorpark, 10®
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 6<g>9c; peeled, 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 27.— The only buytng reason
at the start In the wheat pit was the expecta
tion that yesterday's sellers would be buyers
to cover shorts, but that expectation was re
alized only to a moderate extent. May and
July received from Letter brokers all the sup
port they needed during the first two hours,
and It did not require the buying of much to
hold them, the disposition to trade In May hav
ing long ago been crushed and all but obliter
ated In July. Yesterday'e short sellers of wheat
In this market who were satisfied to buy In
THE SAX FKAISTCISCO CALL., SATUKDAY, MAT 28, 1898.
September at from S6c to 86M;C.. appear to have
got all they wanted k- 12 o'clock, and the price
I began to yield for lack of buying. There was
' a vigorous trade lasting for about fifteen min
utes during which the price of September went
I down to 850. May at the same time dropped to
I $1 70, and July from fl 10 down to $1 07. The
I market touched bottom near the end of the
1 session, but reacted some before the close.
' July loot 3>-,<fr4o. and September mi@l%c. May
ranged between $1 70 and $1 76, the latter be
ing the final figure.
A large buslnes was done In the corn pit to
day. It was strong early, hut finally broke
with wheat. July closed lower.
In oats there was quite a good deal of chang
ing from July to September at a premium of
2%c for July. July olosed l«c lower.
The dropping price of corn . and the Improv
ing prospects of a good crop of that cereal had
a tendency to weaken provisions. The de
clines for the day are 2Vic In pork, 15c in lard
and 10c In ribs.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — upen. tiign.
Wheat No. 2—
May 1 75 1 To
July 1 104 1 104
September 564 86%
December 82% 82%
Corn No. 2—2 —
May 33 33%
July 83*4 33%
September 24 34%
Oats No. 2—
May 274 274
July 244 24T-4
September . ' 22 22>>i
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July :...ll 75 11 SO
September 11 80 11 90
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July 6 174 620
September i 274 630
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
July *..... 6 874 695
September 6 95 8 0214
. J-iOW.
1 70
1 W4
84 ' i
SO4
32%
32%
324
27
244
21%
11 55
11 65
6 074
6 15
5 60
5 90
1 75
1 064
54%
SOTi
32%
mi
53%
27
: 24V4
21%
11 55
11 65
6 074
6 15
6 80
6 90
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
dull; No. 2 spring wheat, $1 20: No. 8 spring
wheat. $1 1001 30; No. 2 red. »1 68; No. 2 corn,
33c; No. 2 oats, 27@27Mjc; No. 2 white, 30% c:
No. 3 white, 29©30 c; No. 2 rye, 58<g6Oc; No. i
barley. SS.g>4sc; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 29%@1 31;
prime timothy seed, $2 80; mess pork, per bbl,
$11 66<§11 60; lard, per 100 lbs, J6 10@6 15; short
ribs sides (loose), $5 76^6 10; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed), ?5@6 25; short clear sides (boxed),
»<5 30<06 40.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 9,100 9.000
Wheat, bush 127,000 159.900
Corn, bush 672.700 . 774.000
Oats, bush 3M.C00 260,900
Rye. bush 57.900
Barley, bush 19,600 6,800
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was tlrm; creameries. 13@lCc; dairies,
Il@l3c. Eggs steady, fresh 10c. Cheese, &%@
SMiC.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. JiushPls.
Minneapolis 142.520 22.620
Duluth 107,963 1.456
Milwaukee ....' i
Chicago 127,065 153.953
Toledo 160,395 117.&00
St. Louis 22.000 40.000
Detroit 8.563 2.023
Kansas City
Totals '
Tide water-
Boston 1C3.208 24.000
New York 465,275 450.637
Philadelphia 4,516 60.425
Baltimore 109.520 139.657
New Orleans
Totals
. PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— May. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 66 35 54 10 I
Closing .65 25 63 20
Flour-
Opening 29 25 24 50
Closing 18 SO 23 HO
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
May. July. Sept. Dec, I
Opening 10 4% 76% 6 11% !
Closing • 10 0% 76% 6 11%:
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 27.— CATTLE— general
demand for cattle was good as usually wit
nessed so late In the week, and prices as a
rule were unchanged. Extra choice steers,
$5 10@5 20; medium, J4 45(tj4 00: common, $i'Q>
4 20; cows and hellers, $3 40@4; canncrs, $2 o<)<ti>
3 30; calves, $5® 7 40; Western steers, $4 60.
HOGS— Were higher Parly, but the Improve
ment was lost near the end. Packers, $4 05®
4 22; butchers. $4 10@4 40; mixed, $4 05<S>4 30;
lights. $3 iO'ff4 25; pigs, $2 50#4.
SHEEP— Were active at the recent advance.
Prices are 25i@35c higher than a week ago.
Shorn lambs, $4(g5 30; wooled lambs, $:. 75#(i 10;
spring lambs, $0 SO®*; sheep, $;s 504*4 60; export
shet-p. $4 05.
Receipts— Hogs, 17,000; Cattle, 3000; Sheep,
9000. • ..--'"* ■■'
KANSAS PITT.
' KANSAS CITY, May CATTLE— Receipts,
2500. Market steady. Native steers, |4ig4 s>s:
i native cows and heifers, J2'g4 75; stockera and
■ feeders, $3 30(§5 25; bulls, ii 35(54 SO.
HOGS— Receipts, »000. Market opened strong
to 10c higher; closed weak. Bulk of sales, H©
'■ 4 30; heavies, $4 20#4 45; packers, $3 &o@4 35;
i mixed, *3 90rg4 30; lights, J3 85@4 15.
SHEEP — Receipts, 4000. Market strong.
Lambs, $4 40(g6; muttons, $3<g?4 40.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, May 27.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1000.
' Market steady. Native beef steers, $41; 4 80;
1 Western steers, $3 »o@4 40; cows and heifers,
$3 50@4 25; canners, $2 60&3 25; stockers and
feeders. $3 90<g'S; calves, »4 50©6 75; bulls and
! stags, i 2 90Q i^ .
HOGS— Receipts, 6200. Market 5c higher; ad
vance lost. Heavy. $4 10@4 27V4; mixed, $4 17Vi
®4 20- light $4f(4 20; bulk of sales, $4 lii©4 2.).
i SHEEP— 1600. Market steady. Fair
i to choice natives, $3 So@4 40; fair to choice
j Westerns, $3 "O'g'4 80; common and stock grades,
$3@4; lambs, *4 25^5 75.
DENVER.
DENVER, May 27.— CATTLE— Receipts, 3900.
: Market steady. Beef steers, $3 505 4 60; cows,
! $3(53 86; feeders, freight paid to river, $I@4 40;
stockers, freight paid to river, |4©4 60; bulls
! and stags, $2 25@3.
HOGS— Receipts, 200. Market 10c higher; easy.
! Light packers, *4 20@4 25; mixed, $4 13@4 20;
heavy. $4 1094 20.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market unchanged.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. May 27.— Consols, 112; Silver, 26>.«1;
FYonch Rentes, 102f SOc.
LIVERPOOL, May 27.— Cargoes off coast,
very little dolOf;: cargoes on passage, nominal
ly unchnnged; English country markets, dull.
COTTON— Uplands. B%d.
CLOSING.
CORN— Spot American mixed quiet, 3s 4%d;
June quiet. 3s 4%d; July quiet. 3s 3d; Septem-
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter dull, 13s 6d.
WHEAT— Futures closed steady; July. 10s
%d; September, "s "Hd; December, 6s ll%d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. May 27. — Wheat, nominal ;
■Walla Walla, 85c; valley and bluestem, SSc p«r
bUBheK WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, May 27.— Wheat, quiet; bluestem,
93®94c; club, 90c.
CASH Iff THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, May 27.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, J202.703.136; gold re
serve. J172.9W.526.
PORTLAND' S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. May 27.— Exchanges, J226.968;
balances, $63,580.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS. May 27.— COTTON— Quiet
and steady; middling. 6 11-lgc.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, May 27.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade will say to-morrow:
The nation faces war with a reviving volume
of business. The West Is doing its part and
more, but at the East also the volume of busi
ness Is now expanding. Without abatement In
any important line, the great outgo of wheat
ai.d corn continues to stimulate business at the
West, and railroad earnings show an increase
over last year of 15.1 per cent In trunk lines,
8.8 per cent In granger roads and In the other
Western roads 14.6 per cent, while east-bound
shipments from Chicago In three weeks have
been 3SS.9OS tons, against 150,b12 last year and
1G4,1i23 tons in ISS>2.
This is largely because of the enormous
movement or hreail.stuffs. Atlantic exports ol
wheat. Hour included, have been 3,72H,442 bush
els for the week, against 1,536,607 bushels last
year, though Pacific exports were only 92,184
bushels, against 314,955 bushels last year.
Wheat receipts at the West do not diminish,
but run far beyond those a year ago— for the
week, 4,625,253 bushels, against 2,0%,173 bushels
last year. In four weeks exports fr-im botn
coasts have been 13.691,874 bushels, against
6,704.334 last year. The marvelous feature Is
the enormous buying of corn, exports having
reached 5,550,955 bushels for the week, against
1.554.511 bushels last year, and in four weeks
the exports have been 20,255,057 bushels, against
it 3fiO,OiU last year. Yet corn closed 3.37 cents
lower for the week, although wheat flour, ris
ing from $1 56 to $1 66 for May, fell to *1 40 on
Friday while July options fell I<4 cents, ofli
clal and all other accounts agree In estimating
that the wheat yield will be remarkably large
this year in spite of the fact that the California
crop has been much damaged for want of ruin.
Starting this month with the gr.;u.tcst con
sumption ever known, the iron Industry has
made surprising progress In new orders, which
reached about 100.000 tons in bars alone, over
EO.OOO having been placed at Chicago and 15.000
at Wheeling, mainly resulting in the extraor
dinary demand for agricultural implements.
Heavy contracts for structural work amount
during the week to at least 15.000 tons, with
others reported at many Western cities. Plate
contracts, outside of the heavy demand for the
Government, are very large and Include st*n)
tons for ship yards In Glasgow and Belfast.
Many structural and bridge contracts at the
West are pending, with probability of large
orders during the coming week. A better de
mand appears for textile goods, with a slight
advance In print cloths and a substantial gain
In sales of staples.
Wool sales during: the week have been only
3.748,100 pounds, of which 2,459,100 were domes
tic, against 6,842,400 pounds a year ago and
4.221,000 pounds in the same week of 1892. The
manufacturers ' are largely supplied ' with ma
terial, although some who have heavy Govern
ment contracts are obliged' to buy different
grades of wool than those they have in hand.
Activity In the market is prevented by the tact
i that the Western holders almost universally be
! lieve in higher prices than can be yet realized
j In Eastern markets, so that purchasing 13 very
light.
The silk mills are all busy and the coming
] linen manufacture is making a g^od record for
Itself. ■
-Failures for -the week have b'cr. 245 in the
United States, against 214 last year, and 21 in
Canada, against 22 . last year.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, May 27.— The following table,
compiled by . Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at 89 cities for the week ending May 26,
with the percentage of Increase and decrease
as compared with the corresponding week last
year: ■/•■,'•
Percentage.
Inc. Deo.
New York $ 6D5.695.P04 27.7
Boston .;.... 91.114,054 4.3 ....
: Chicago 111.165.334 32. S ....
'Philadelphia .... ;. 89.902 725 21.3 ....
St. Louis ' ' 26,513,302 14.1 ....
Pittsburg 17.&30.146 2U.4 ....
Baltimore ;.. IS 278,129 40.7 ....
San Francisco " 12,972,85! 22.3 ....
Cincinnati 12,704,470 8.4 - ....
Kansas City "... 11,423,718 4.2 ....
New Orleans ;.. .. 6.&44.902 11.8 ....
Minneapolis 9,449,153 32. S ....
Detroit 6.353.915 26.7 ....
Cleveland 7 0*3.016 33.9 ....
Louisville 6,847,317 11.2 ....
Providence -. 4,418,100 8.«
Milwaukee " 4 795,306 12.1 ....
St.' Paul 4.046.414 >. 15.0 ....
Buffalo 4,403,537 15.2 ....
Omaha .: 6,899.143 23.2 ....
Indianapolis .;......... 6,666,360 84. ' ....
I Columbus, Ohio 8.640,000 11.1 ' ....
Savannah 1.671,685 4.3 ....
Denver 2.605,642 ....
Hartford  , 1.858.311 10.4
Richmond 2.152.189 2.2 ....
Memphis 1,678.870 26.0
Washington 1,785,514 1.5
Peoria - 1,084,419 24.8 ....
Rochester 1,679.140 17.3 ....
New Haven 1,304, 7.0 ....
Worcester 1 248.702 .... ....
Atlanta 1,059,571 18 ....
Salt Lake City 1.262.868 29.8 ....
Springfield. Mass 1,3-11,210 19.0 ....
Fort Worth 2,169.005 68.3 ....
Portland, Me... 1,280,696 5.9 ....
Portland, Or 1.701.651 77.3 ....
St. Joseph 8.097.844 154.2
Los Angeles 1,210.770 12.2 ....
Norfolk 980.336 14.4
Syracuse 1,095.390
De« Moines .' 1.057.082 26.1
Nashville 1,075.831 4.3 —
Wilmington, Del ■ 784.820 24.2
Fall River 608.478 .... 16.2
Scranton R33.126 .... 4.9
Grand Rapids 869. 67S 29.5 .... j
Augusta, Ga 427.476 .... 24.9
Lowell 536.08 .... 8.5
Dayton, Ohio 824.7.14 25.9 ....
Seattle 1,119.037 92.5
Taeoma 1,002.957 117.8 —
Spokane 7P2.426 30.4 ....
Sioux City 684.172
New Bedford .'.. 4:.4,1.".5 19.3
Knoxvllle, Term 570.584 in.
Topeka 579.821 91.0
Birmingham 417,972
Wichita 4*5.5«f .... 6.9
Blnghamton 324.700 8.2. ....
Lincoln 846, 788 22.7 ....
Lexington. Ky 301.601 36.1
Jacksonville. Fla 228.768 19.3
Kalamazoo 322.2*) 16.1
Akron 255.700 12.1
Bay City 190.613 .... 6.4
Chattanooga 309.654 38.5 ....
Rock ford. 111.... 240,753 11.8
Canton. Ohio 210.600 20.7 ....
Springfield. Ohio ' 232.154 110.9 *.:..
Fargo. N. D 196.507 61.9
Sioux Falls. S. D 93.608 158.3
Hastings. Nebr 112.670 77.7
Fremont. Nebr 131,550 98.4
Davenport ■ 6C9.858 39.3
Toledo 2.412.194 111.1 .... 1
•Cnlvopton 4,364.200 19.4 .... i
•Houston 4,581,894' 8.3
Ynungstown 2*18. 540
•Macon 34S.(HV)
•KvanFVille 756,126 |
•Helena .., 654,053 ....
Total. U. S.. J1,185,828,343 20.4
Totals outside
N. V $ 493.132,409 19.6 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal I 10.925.631 23.3
Toronto 6.231.447 8.0
Winnipeg 2.123.509
Halifax 1,040,488 20.2 ....
Hamilton 548.334 7.7
St. John. N. B 521.244 9.2
Totals * 21. «:.. Ml 24.0
•Not included In totals because containing
other items than clearings.
BRADSTREETS FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, May 27. — Hradstreet's will say
to-morrow: A total volume of business fully
proportioned to or In excess of that usually
noted at this season of the year Is indicated
by reports to Brndstreefs this week. The ex
ceptions are generally where weuther condi
tions have made for irretrularlty and per
haps dullness. In most sections of the coun
try the situation generally remains satisfac
tory. The volume of bank clearings, as was
to be expected, shows the contraction us-ual to
ward the close of the month of May, but with
few exceptions the crop situation, the volume
of railway earnings and the reports from a
number or leaaii.g industries point to a maxi
mum volume ol business doing In most parts
of the country. Relatively the best trade re
ports continue, as for some time pant, to come
iroin the Centra] West and Nortnwest, where
the outlook, both as regards crop yield and
prices, continues eminently satisfactory to
agricultural interests. The wheat situation
shows little change in the week, but thuse and
next years delivery appear to have parted
company, as shown by the increased stringency
Of prices vi wheat for immediate use, pointing
to unimpaired strength in the near statistical
position, while, on the other hand, the large
yield foreshadowed tends to easiness in prices
for next years crop deliveries. The price of
corn reflects less anxiety about the crop, in
duced by the return of weather favorable to
planting and growth. Weather conditions do
n<t altogether favor the cotton crop, dry
weather being complained of throughout most
of the Southern and Gulf States. Reports from
the Iron and steel Industries are of very large
business being done by the mills and furnaces.
The demand (or merchant Iron and bars la re
ported very food, the latter particularly being
a reflection ot free buying by manufacturers
of agricultural implements, who report heavy
orders, based upon flattering cereal crop pros
pects. The market for plgiron is rathf-r more
quiet and prices at leading centers show gome
shading, confidence In a future large business,
however, being as yet unimpaired. Signs ac
cumulate that the long-looked- for Improvement
in the wool trade is nearer realization, rather
more business being reported at most Eastern
markets. This, in part. Is a result of good
buying against contracts for Government work
and partly also an outcome of the tlrn.er tone
and sllshtly increased activity at Western
market:-, where prices are reported firmer.
Cereal exerts still continue unpre< edently
heavy, wheat shipments for the week aggre
gating 4,809,133 bushels, against 4,064.000 bushels
last v.-eek. 2,081,000 bushels this week a year
ago, 2, 064. W0 bushels in 1896 and 2,426.000 bush
els In Corn exports are among the
largest on record, aggregating 6,164,4r,« bushels
this week, against ii. 550.000 bushels last week.
2. 1*5,000 bushels this week a year ago, 1,720, G00
bushels In IK<(6, 1.fM.1,000 bushels in 1595 and 512,
000 bushels in i>m.
Business failures In the United States this
week number 2:SI, an increase of 20 over last
week, but compared with 2.'.7 this week a year
ago, 277 in 1596 and 183 in the corresponding
week in 1896.
Business failures in Canada this week num
ber \K only one-half those of last week and
compared with 20 this week a year ago. 25 in
ISPS and 36 in the corresponding weeks of 1595
and 1594.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $18*
Sterling Exchange, 60 days... — 4 S7
Sterling Cables : .. — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight....'...'. — 12V4
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine Silver, per 0unce.... .......-.•• — 57%
Mexican Dollars ••.•••••• * 6 «H4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— were irregular at about the
preceding day's prices, shading off from the '
opening, and spot values were a fraction lower.
The shippers are entirely ■ out ; of I the market,
but the millers are buying. rather more freely.
Spot wheat: Shipping, $1 50®l G2V6; milling,
$1 60© 1 65 per ctL
CALL, BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock — December —
6000 ctls. $1 48h; 8000. $1 48%; 2000, $1 48%; 4000,
$1 49; 2000, $1 49Vi; 8000. Jl 49>*.
Second session— December— 4ooo ctls, $1 47V4;
16,000. Jl 47%; 30.000, $1 47V
Regular morning session— December— 2000 ctls,
Jl 47; 6000. $1 47 1*;1 *; 2000. $1 *~%: 25.000. $1 47Vfc.
Afternoon session— December— Booo ctls, $1 47Vi;
2000. Jl ■». ...
BARLEY— There Is not much brewing left,
except a few scattering lotH here anj there,
which are being picked up by the local brew
ers at the quotations. There is no change in
feed.
Feed, $1 22M;«Hi. 27"- Brewing. $1 85@1 46.
CALL BOARD . SALES.
Informal session— 9:l6 o'clock— December—
ctls, $1 1;.%; ■: 18,000, $1 19*. May— 2ooo. Jl 26;
2(00, $1 27V4. ■ ' ■ •
Second; session— December— 2ooo' ctls, $1 19%. :
Regular morning session — December 4000 ctls,
$1 lS ? : <000,- $1 IS*,; 4000. $1 18Vi: 2000. $1 18%.
Afternoon session — December— 2000 ctls. $1 18U;
2000, Jl -is**: 2000. Jl ]£%. - . •",:••■
OATS— Dealers are quoting lower prices all
around, and sales are being made even under
the quotations. .
Fancy Feed. .-: $1 40 ■ per ct^ : good to choice/
Jl 32>4®1'37U- common. $1 30®l 32%; Surprise,
SI 4041143: gray, $1 32U@1 35; milling, $1 35@
1 40 per ctl. . ■■ . ,
CORN— Previous prices rule.
, Small round . yellow, $1 25 : per ctl : - large yel
low, $1 07^1 10, white, $1 07H@l 10 per ctl. :
RYE-J1 35@1 38%. per ctl. . ;
BUCKWHEAT— SI 76@1 85 per ctl. .
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
Flour has been marked down 250 In sym
pathy with the decline In Wheat.
FLOUR— Family extrs. $5 75@5 85; Bakers'
Extras. $5 50«5 60 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are a3 fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75 per 100:
Rice Flour. $6; Cornmeal. $2 50: extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25-: Oatmeal. $4; Oat Groats. $4 25;
Hominy. $3 25^3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4(34 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4 75; Whol»
Wheat Flour, $3 23: Rolled Oats (barrels). $5 80
«?6 20; In sacks. $5 60^6; Pearl Barley. $4 75;
Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas. $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
There will no Hay market Monday, as all
the dealers have agreed to close. The market
rules steady at the quotations. Receipts from
outside sources have about ceased.
Bran and Middlings are unchanged.
BRAN— SI 3 50@16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— *2Iifr23 per ton.
FEEL'STT'FFS— RoIIed Barley, $27(g'2S per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31^31 50; Jobbing.
882052 50; Coccanut Cake. $24<g25; Cottonseed
Meal. 825@30 per ton; Cornmeal. $24 50; Cracked
Corn, $25.
HAY— (Ex-car in round lots)— Wheat. iWft
24 50; Wheat and Oat. $20<H23; Oat, $17^19;
Barley, $16fflS; compressed T\'heat, $21^24;
compressed Oat. 816@19; Alfalfa, $12@13 50;
Clover, nominal; Timothy, »14'a'17 50.
NEW HA V— Wheat, wire-bound, $17 50(?20; vol
unteer wild Oat, $1.'>(?16: Clover and Oat. $12 30
@13 50- Barley. $16; Island Barley, $13ig>15; Al
falfa, $12-313 50.
STRAW— 7oc@sl per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are steady and unchanged. Seeds are
dull.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 90®3 05; Small Whites,
81 95<3>2 10; Large Whites. |1 90@2 05; Pinks,
$2 65@2 73; Reds, $3; Blackeye, $3 76; Butters,
$1 75@2; Lima*. $3@3 10; Pea, $2@2 16; Red Kid
neys. $2 6f.@2 85 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustnrd. $2 25®2 50 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. $3 15<g3 25; Flax. $2 25; Canary
Seed, 2<4®2\c per IT>: Alfalfa, 3®6c; Rape, 2Vi@
2%c: Hemp, 2%@3c: Timothy, s@sHc.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 75@2; Green, |1 900
2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS" AND VEGETABLES.
Los Angeles Egg Plant. 12^c per lb; Oreen
Peppers. lS<fJ2."c; Tomatoes, $2@2 25 per box.
The Potato market has broken, owing to the
receipts oi 2100 boxes of new from the river.
Onions ar» steady.
string Beans and Cucumbers are lower. Other
Vegetßbles remnln about th° same.
POTATOES— River Reds. 40(fi50c; River Bur
bnnks. 80976 c per yrvk: Oregon Burhanks, 55'rf
75c; Petaluma Burbanks. 56#65c per .sack; new
Potatoes, -tfalViC per lb in sacks and 75e'a$l 50
ONlONS— Australian Jobbing at $4 50@5; new,
'(•'<: ?:,.■ per ctl.
A' Ki'iKTAHIiEP- Receipts were 350 boxes As
paramia, 282 boxes Rhubarb, 364 sacks Peas
and 42 sacks Beans.
Asparagus, $2 '>'■ for extra large: $1 73 l <r2 per
box for No 1. 75o{i$l 50 for small Rhubarb,
35086 c per box for small to good and 75c
for extra choice; Green Peas. Jl'Til L'r, p.-r
sack; Garden Pens. 2c- per lb; String Beans,
S'uliic; Wax Beans. Hfiur; Horse BeMW, 40<jii
50c per sack; Summer Squash. $lif»l sfi per box;
Dried Peppers. 6@7c per lt>; Dried Okra. 12Hc:
Cabbag-?. 86975 c per ctl; Carrots, 30«50c per
sack; Cucumbers, 26050 c per dozen; Marys
ville Cucumbers, 75cfijl 25 per box; Mexican
Tomatoes, per box; new Garlic, s@fic
per Tb.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes sliced, raw. 12c per tT> in lots of 25
lb: sliced desiccated. lfi'SlSc; granulated raw,
13c; Onions. 60c; Carrots, old. 13c; new. 18c;
Cabbage. 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30t:; Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Turkeys are lower and slow of sale. . Hens
are steady at the slight Improvement already
noted. The other descriptions are about the
.same. ■
POUTRT— Live Turkeys. B*mc for Gob
blers and faille for Hens: Geese, per pair.
T<iJl; GoFllri(rs. $1(!T1 s*l; Pucks. $3<rl3 50 for
old and $3 SOSo for young; Hens, $3@4;
Roosters,"* young, il<n9; Ro.-<t»rs, old, ' $S'<v4;
Fryers. $5® 5 50; Broilers, $4<tfs for large,
$2 504} 3 50 lor small; Pigeons. $1 25@1 75 per
dozen for young and Jl@l 25 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
All kinds remain the. same, though the tend
ency in Butter is rather downward than other
wise. Several cars of Eastern Ezga are at
hand.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 19 1 ,4<g'20c; sec
onds. 18(7?19e.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 17@lSc; common
grades, 15@16Hc per Ib. -
Eastern Butter — Imitation creamery, 16®
lt>V4c: ladle-packed. 15@16c per rt>; Elgin, 17%
'a ISO, _ •-..-...- ■ ■'■■-.^' .".•^"* ->'i>» -
CHEESE— mild new, 9c; old, 7%@SV4c;
Cream Cheddar. 10'gllc; Young America, 10®
lie; Eastern, ]2<g~l3c. • • .• •
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 14@16c per dozen; store
Eggs, 13V4@14c; Eastern, 14@15c; Duck .Eggs,
16c. " .'-::/.'""
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The first Peaches have appeared from Vaca
vllle, and though they were rather green they
brought $1 25 per box.
Plums are still green and hard to sell in con
sequence.
Apricots are firm at the prices. Cherries are
selling fairly, though stocks are free. All
kinds of berries are steady, with no accumula
tion of stock.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Receipts were 4*7 rhests of Strawberries and
■ • ! xes of Cherries and T. 64 boxes Apricots
Strawberries, $2^3 per chest for large and
tl ■"■■ <in lor small berries in baskets, and — for
White Cherries, 2<Vo'4oc per box; black. SSQ
60c; Royal Annes, iog"7sc; loose Cherries, l'/stf
2V>c for white nnd Sfi.'c per lb for black.
Currants. BTV4@«Oc per box.
Blackberries, $1 2."'sl 50 per crate.
Plums. Jl«l 2. per crate and soc<S'Jl per box;
Cherry Plums. 60<"*76c per drawer.
Apricots, 40ci)Jl per box and 7."cfrsl per
crate for Hringles, ftcofl per box for Royals
and seedlings.
Gooseberries, l®2c per lb for common and
4<gsc for English.
Newcastle Raspberries, Jl^l 25 per crate;
Nearby Haspberrles. Eo#Wc por drawer.
Apples, 50c(g'$l 50 per box; new Apples. 30@50c
per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 50<?T3 25:
Seedlings, 7:>CiTsl 2.".; demons, BOCO9I for com
mon and ?1 2.'.f12 for Rood to choice; Mexican
L.imes, $3 5O(g)4; California Limes, In small
boxes, 4C&0OC; Bananas, $1 25@2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS. ETC.
The market Is well .cleaned up of carload lots
of all kinds and trade Is accordingly restricted
to the picking up of odds and ends here and
there. There will be little if any fruit . left
when the new crop comes in.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 4%@
5c for 40-50" s. 4U r rMVsc for 50-60' s, 3*i<y>4c for
00-7<) s 3V;@5V4c for 70-80' s, 2%®3c for 80-yO's. 2»,i
@2ViC for 90-100's; Peaches, 3@sc: farcy, sV4<B>
6c peeled, 10@12i*-c; Apricots, :,-Q6V4c for Roy
als and 7«?8c for rood to fancy Moorparks:
Evaporated Apples. TV&'S'Sc: sun-dried, 4H:®sc; ;
Black Figs in sacks, 2@2}4c; Plums, 4',4!&4%c i
for pitted and 1 1 -i<J?lH<' for unpltted; ; bleached
Plums, BfQ'S^ic; Nectarines, 4@sc for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2 1 i ?4Vic for quarters and 3@5»,4c
lor halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— IV4©2c for two-crown, Sc for three
crown, 3^c for four-crown, 4%c for Seedless
Sultanas. 2%c for Seedless Muscatels arid %\(ij)
110 for London layers; dried Grapes, 2%c.
WUTS— Chestnuts are Quotable at Sc per ; lb;
Walnuts. 3@4c for hardshell and 4!i?6c for soft
shell; Almonds, 3@4c for hardshell, - 6@7c for
soltsnell, for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4®
SV-c for Eastern and 4Vyc for' California: Pe
cans. 6Vi(<Tsc: Filberts. 9V4@loc; Brazil Nuts,
S<i)"Jc per lb; Cocoanuts. $4 SO|oß per 100.
. HONEY— Comb, '9@loc for bright and 6®7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted. s&@
6c; light amber extracted, 4%@5%c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@2Gc per lb. ■
PROVISIONS.
The outward movement continues rood at
firm prices.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9c per lb for
heavy, 9%c for light medium, 10c for light,
lie for extra light and 12;3>12V4c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar cured Hams, 10%@llc;: Cali- |
fornia Hams. 9%®10c; Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl; i
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef, $12; Salt j
Pork. $9; extra prime ■ Pork, $10; extra clear,
$17@17 50; mess, $13; Smoked Beef, 12@12V4c per
lb.
LARD — tierces quoted at 6c per lb
for compound and SVic for. pure; palls. 9^c;
California fiercer,. . BHC Per - Ib for compound
and "Sic for pure; > half barrels, , 7?ic; 10-lb
tins, 8V t c; 0-lb tins, S%c.
. COTTOLENE— Tierces/ 6%f9>7Hc; packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-lb palls, 60 In a case, 9>4c;
3-lb palls, 20 In a case/ B%c; 6-lb palls, 12 in a I
case, SV>c; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case. B%c; 50-lb I
tins.- 1 or 2 in a case. 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net.- B%c; fancy tubs, . 80 lbs i.et, 7":» c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs,',7%c per lb. , ::y"
HIDES, ' TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides are firm and active at the advance.
Wool and Hops are dull.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, s 10<ffirti<2<>; 1 medium, 9@9V6c;/. light, 9c;
Cowhides,- P'a9'-j<'; Stags. Gc; * salted Kip, 9^c;
Calf, 30c; dry Hides. 16V4c; culls and brands,
13(rn3M:c; dry Kip and Veal, 15@16c: dry Calf,
lS@2oc; culls, 16©17 c; Goatskins. 20<g37V4c each; i
Kids, s®loc: • ! Deerskins, . 11 " 1 ' . Bummer, 2'i<ii;i<ic
per lb: medium.- 20c: winter. 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, •* 20@30c " each; short ' wool. - 40@?0c
each; : medium, 7')(giNic; ioi'.K wool, 90c.'(f*l 30
each: HorPt>M<le«. salt. t?ifT2 Lo '. lor large, $150
Cl 2 for medium and 50cf?$l for small; Colts,
25©50 c ;: Horsehides, dry. ' $1 &o@2 . for large and
$M{'l 60 for small; Colts. 2.">'f(soc. : ■ • •
TALLOW— No. 1 ■ rendered, 3®3%c per lb-
No. 2, 2'g2Hc; refined. Qrease. - 2c. >
.WOOL— Fall clip. San. Joaquin, defective. ■ 7@
9c; -Southern Mountain, 9@llc; free Northern.
17<V!Sc. ..-':-.,..
: HOPS— crop, 9@l2^c per lb.
SAN- FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET. -
There ; la no . scarcity :of • Hogs, , but prices ; are
maintained : without . difficulty. The ; other de
l script lons are steady.
. Wholesale rates for dressed stock • from j
slaughterers are as follows: -
BEEP— First qualit", 6c; choice. 6Hc: second |
quality, 54c; third quality, 4@sc per lb.
' YEAL — targe, sc; small, 6@7c per lb.
MUTTON— 7&(g8c; Ewes. 7@7V4c per
lb. ■ ' .. . ' ■ ■■ ■
LAMB— Spring. B@S^c per lb. -- -V
PORK— Live Hogs. 4«?4»ic for large, 4%@4%c
for medium and 3U@3%0 for small; stock
Hogs, 2@>3c; dressed Hogs, sH<i?6V4c.
GENERAL. MERCHANDISE.
BAGS Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July. 5»4@ j
E%c; Wool Bags, nominal; San Quentin, $4 S3.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel- j
lington. $S; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seat- j
tie, $6. Bryant, Coos Ba $5; Wallsend. ;
$7 50; Cumberland, $10 25 in bulk and $11 50 in ■
packs: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can- j
nel, $10 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle Gate. :
$7 60; Coke, $12 ncr ton .In bulk and $14 In ]
sacks.
J. W. Harrison's circular says: "During the ;
■week there have been five arrivals from British |
Columbia with 15.539 tons of coal; two from
Washington, 3691 tons; one from Oregon, 475 |
tons; total. 22.705 tons. The sale this week to <
the Government and to the transport steamers
has caused a stiffening of values, as our stocks I
In yard have become materially reduced, and it ■
is known that the department is now in treaty |
for several more steamers, all of which will be j
coaled here •in the near future. The with- j
drawal^ these steamers from the coal carry- i
ing- trade will assuredly advance coast coal
freights, and the sales for future delivery to-
Honolulu and Alaska already contracted by the
British Columbia colliers preclude their taking
any orders for at least sixty days. In addition
to these, we are uncerta-in what quantity and
when the Government may call for more, hence !
the holders of all foreign cargoes to arrive are i
unwilling sellers, unless at very full figures.
Most of our large consumers are fairly well |
provided for In the meantime. Later on they j
may find fuel a little more expensive. This |
year coal Is king emphatically, Its utility is
superseded by Its necessity, its value for the
sustenance almost of nations is being estab
lished at the present moment, showing the ab
solute necessity of their having national coal i
* stations not too far apart, well stocked. The j
British Government has shown Its usual fore
sight in this regard, being well provided with j
same, comparatively contiguous to each other."
RlCE— Chinese mixed, $4 E5(??4 60 per ctl ; No. ;
1. $F@s 10; extra No. 1, $5 20«5 CO; Hawaiian, j
$6; Japan, $5 7£©6; Rangoon, $4 75; Louisiana, j
$5 Te-Se 50. ■•
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and" Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered, C^c; Dry
Granulated. sTic:5 T ic: Confectioners' A, 5%c; Mag
nolia A, BHc; Extra C. 5%c; Golden C, 6&c;
Candy Gmnulated, 6c: California A. 5%c per
lb; half -barrels Me more than barrels, and
boxes %c more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday, May 27.
Flour, qr sks ... 6.232 Shorts, sks 1,150
Wheat, ctls 1.540 Hay, tons 245
Barley, ctls 3,230 Straw, tons 10
Cheese, ctls 192 Wool, bales fis
Butter, ctls 851 jt'eltn, bdls 140
Tallow, ..tin 44 Hidos, no 1.246
Beans, sks 1,960 Epgs, doz 16,320
Potatoes, sks ... 1.907 Quicksilver, flsk. 121 !
OnlonF, sks 723 Leather, rolls ... 257 !
Bran, sks 2.143 .Wine, gals 19,700 j
Middlings, sks .. 390 I
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 6,9li;Barley, ctls 6,240 |
Wheat, ctls 7,270 'Oats, ctls 450 j
Hay, tons 10 | Bran, sks 2.143 i
Shorts, sks 1.160
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 2,0001
FAMILY RETAIL, MARKET.
There is not much new to report this week.
Butter and Eggs are unchanged. Meats and
Poultry sell at last week's prices. Summer
fruits are continually receiving new accessions,
and Peaches, Plums and Blackberries are be
ing received In a small way. Currants are
added to the list.
■ Following Is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
Coal, per ton —
Cannel i (f?l2 00 Castle Gate.. .9 60??
Wellington . ®10 00 Southfield
New 'Welling- Wellington Jg- 9 50
ton (ftlOOOlCoos Bay @ 7 00
Seattle 8 00$ !
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, fancy, per ICommon Eggs.... @ls
square 4Qi?MS Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll «0»- doz 17*4@20
Do, good 35<fi— Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Cal 10@12 1 n> 12®15
Cheese, Eastern.. ls<fi>2o Do, extracted... B@lo
Cheese. Swiss 20@30
Meats, per pound-
Bacon 121717 Pork, fresh 12@15
Beef, choice 12013 Pork, salt 10@12
Do, good 8010 Pork Chops 12016
Corned Beef 8J?10 Round Steak...... 10<g>—
Ham. Cal 12>4«r15 Sirloin Steak. ...l2Wg>—
Do. .Eastern — 15 1 Porterhouse, do. ..17'fi 2")
Lard 12<?rlo Smoked Beef — 615
Mutton — ©M Pork Sausages.... — @20
Spring Lamb 12 «— Veal ..12@15
Poultry and Game- ■ -
Hens, each 40@ 60 Turkeys, pr-Ib 15<9> — ■
Young Roost- ■ Ducks, each... 40® ' 75
era, each 75(5100 Geese. each...l Of iff 1 60
Old Roosters, ' Pigeons, pair.. 25@ ,50
each 40@ 60 Rabbits, pair.— — '& 40
Fryers, each... GO<fJ> 75 j Hare, each.... <d> 20
Broilers, each. 40® 50
Fruits and Nuts —
Apricots, per Ib.: B@l2l Limes, doz 10®12
Almonds, 1b 12*61.' | Oranges, doz 20@40
Apples. Jb 5© * ; Raspberries, per
Bananas, doz 15^20 basket 10(!?15
Currants, pr b0x..50©75 > Raisins, It) s©lo
Clenies, per 1b... oit?l2 i Strawberries, per
Gooseberries, 1b... ?/u 6 drawer 25©40
Lemons, doz 20(823 Walnuts, Ib 15@—
Vegetables —
Asparagus, 1b..... 4® 8 Lettuce, doz 15<g'25
Artichokes, doz. ..ir.-'-i2.1 (Tied Okra, 1b....— @20
Ueets, doz 124*15 Onions. lb 4@ 5
Deans, white. lb.. 43> " Peppers, green BeSG
Colored. Ib 4© 5 Potatoes, Ib I/it 3
Lima, tb s«i> I Parsnips, doz 15020
Cabbage, each:*... s<?ilO Rhubarb, Ib 4® 5
Cauliflowers, each s©lo Radishes, dz bchs.lO@l2
Celery, bunch 5fn — Sage, Ib 23<(?35
Cress, doz bchs. 2Wi25 String Beans, 1b.. 15020
Cucumbers, dz.soc@l 00 rhyme, Ib 20'a30
Green Peas, 1b.'... 3®. 5 Turnips, doz. 15w20
Lentils. Ib dc<i 8 Tomatoes, Ib 10@15
Fish. . per pound-;
Barracuda S@lo ?hrimps f.'SlO
Carp 5© i Shad '.. 6© 8
Codfish B©lo Sea Bass ....— @lo
Flounders 6® S Smelts 10(?fl2
Herring ..— <g>— Poles B®lo
Halibut ........... 10fr?l? Skates, each. s®lo
Klngflsh —'a 10 Tomcod 100—
Mackerel ..12®— Clams, gal —#50
Do, Horse —i§— Do. hardshell, 100.40^50
Perch 10@— Crabs, each 10®15
f'ompano 75c®l 00 Do, softshell, d0z.25@33
Rockfish 12013 Mussels, qt 10012
Salmon, smoked.. 2o(a— Oysters, Cal. 100.. 40@—
Salmon, fresh 8(g"10 Do, Eastern, d0z.25@40
. ♦ »
THE QUEEN OF FLOWERS.
Of all blossoms the rose has received
the most honor and adoration. He
brew poets sung of the rose; St. Jerome
says the word Naazreth means a flower
and the rose is typical of the Virgin
Mary. St. Basil wrote that in the sin
less ages roses had stems without
thorns, but when men became sinful
the flower put forth thorns to guard
her from their touch.
Dante in his "Divine Comedy" Im
mortalizes the rose and some critics
say he received his idea from a book
of the Brahma ns, according to which a
silver rose is made the representation
of God's presence. One tradition de
clares Buddha was crucified because he
plucked a rose.
A Greek legend is to the effect that
the rose grew from the blood the
wounded Adonis shed, while the tears
of Venus formed the anemones. In
alchemy the rose was one of the chief
signs, being the symbol of light. One
possible origin of the connection of the
rose with alchemy is found in Hero
dotus, who pays that Midas, the Phry
gian King, had a garden of roses and
each rose had sixty petals. The rose
! was sacred to Bacchus and it was
; Bacchus who gave to Midas ihe secret
of transmutation of metal ;.
Religion and poetry have united to
make the Persian stories the most ex
quisite of all that owe their origin to
the rose. The Persians have a feast
of roses, beginning when the buds first
open and continuing throughout the
season. The Bulbul Nameh lauds the
rose as God's own flo .-er, and adds that
j he has set the nightingale to keep ward
over it. Whensoever a rose is plucked j
the bird gives forth a cry, the sweetest i
and the saddest cry that mounts to
heaven. In the springtime the night
ingale hovers over the fragrant petals
until it swoons in a perfumed ecstasy.
Nor is the flower less faithful than the
bird, for it does not bloom until the
nightingale sings to the bud. Then at
the marvelous strains the flower un
folds Its glories to the waiting air.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the l T nlted States Hydrographic
Office, located in the Merchants 1 Exchange, is
maintained in San Francluco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
•ree of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, whore complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the wurld are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtalnnl regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and ali matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The timeball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and ts dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island. Cal.
A notice stating, whether the timeball was
dropped on time or giving the error. If any, la
published the same day by the afternoon papers
and by the mornlner papers the following day.
C P WELCH. Ensign, U. S. N.. in Charge.
THE CALL CALENDA-R.
May, IS9B.
Su . |Mo
1 2
s »
.15 16
21 23
29 su
Tu.
3
Wo
i
11
14
IT
I
13
19
2U
v
21
23
i
©i'ull Moon,
May 5.
fKrlAat Quarter.
■ tij. May 12.
a New Moon,
W ■--••- May 20.
Moon's Phases.
33
2?
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United Btates Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Loir
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
tlmrlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE. — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the Fame at both places.
MAY-lvts
Saturday, May 23.
Tinrtn... „ 4-.
Bets ;...'. 7::
m sets.... 0:12 n. c
lsl!l2|Fe«t|2l22|peeti™s«|Feal|2l2!?!Fert
IH Wi L Wi H Wi |L VV
ttl *:11
L W
29 0:11
30 i 1:06
81 !■!«
1 2:42
2 8:30
lO:4H|
I W|
6:44
7:12|
*:2«
9 -.as
Lll 5:.V>
L W
3.6; 11:»1
8«l 12: !0
S.T 1:14
3 8 3:03
4.'il
IH W
151 6:31
1.9 7:W)
2.3 7:42
i....
i
!
Li
i
:i
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given In the left
1 hand column and the successive tides of th«
{ day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
i second time column gives the second tide at
the day, the third time column the third tide.
j »nd the last or right hand column gives tha
; lost tide of the day, except when there are but
; three tides, as sometimes occurs. Th* heights
i »rfven are additions to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, exempt
'■ when a minus *ign (—) precedes the height.
' »nd : then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
rofpronoo Is the mean of th» lower low wit»r\
BTKAJUKUS TO Altitun.
PTE.AMER.
Fulton Portland ■ . May 28
Emplr* Coos Bay Mar 28
Slate or CaJ PorUana May 23
T! tart a . Nanaimo May 33
Allceßlanchard Yaciuina. Bay May 23
Pomona : San Diego < May 39
Arcaw... Coos Bay May 29
Wellington.... Departure Bay May 29
Washtenaw Tacoroa. ..'... May
City of Topeka Seattle.../ ;.... May 29
Crescent Cltv.. f?r«»*(«ent Cut M:iv MO
Pootla. .:}.... Humboldt May 3o
Nortn Forn — HumDoicU May 31
Orizaba.. ..... HumDolat May 30
Willamette... Seattle: May 30
Oregon Portlana May 31
Homer Newport May 31
Mineola Comox May 81
M0.ma....' Sidney.... Jne 1
CmatiUa Victoria & Pueet Sna Jno I
San Bias Panama Jne 1
Santa Hosa San Dl«aro Jne 3
Chllkat« Eel River Jne 3
Burma Nanalmo Jne 3
Commoia.. Portland Jne 3
Coon Bay I Newport ...: ijne 4
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
STEAMER. I
ATTON'i
S»ATL!t.
iilton I Oretron Ports. I May 28. Ipm!
tar track... I Panama May 23. M M PM S3
orio Chlna&Japan May 23. 1 pm;PM S3
enator Pu?et Sound . M:iy 2s, 10 am Pier '•»
oo* iiav.. Newport May 29. 9 am Pier.ll
hlikat.... Humboldt Hay 2». 9am Pier 13
tateofCal Portland May 30. l'J am Pier U
omoni... I San Dieeo... May 31. 11 am Pier 11
falla WUa I Vie & Psrt Snd May 81. 1U am Pior 'J
lllance.... 1 Alaska May 31
at. City... I Alaska June 1,12 m Pier S
.rc.ita ... i:ooh Bay Jnne 1.10 am Pier l;
cotia |Humboldt |June 1.10 am Pier 9
nzabJL.. .. HumDoiae .... June 1.10 am i'ler *
re^on .... Portlana June 2.10 am Pier 13
lomer Newport June 2. aam Pier 11
hs Nelson St Michael....! June 2,
lortnForfc Humboldt ... June 8. 9AM Pier 2
ant.i Rosa San Dicffo .... Junr 4. 11 ah Pier 11
PC- Dollar Alaska June
olumDia.. ! Portland June 5. 13 am Pier 12
[ore-an Cy. St. Michael... June «
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. 3. N.. ller
chents' Exchange, San Francisco. May
27. IS9B. '■
The tlm«. ball on Telegraph Hill was dnippivl
exactly at noon to-day — 1. c., at noon of m*
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m.. Gre-jnwicl*
time. C. P. WELCH.
Ensign. U. S. N .. In charge.
SUIPfU'.G INTELLIGIi-VCE.
ARRIVED. I
. . . Friday, May 27.
Haw stmr China, Seabury. 28 days from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 17 days, via Hono
lulu 6 days.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwing, 16 hours from Fort
Bragg. ' •
Haw Btmr San Mateo. 1 Fletcher. 7 hours from
Departure Bay.
Stmr Coos Bay. Hall, 72 hours from New-
Stmr Coqullle River. Thompson, 45 hours from
Stmr Chilkat, Anderson. 27 hours from Eu
reka. * :*„'':", __ ,
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 14 hours from
Strnr° Walla "Walla, Wallace, 60% hours from
Victoria, etc. : •_ • _ ■
Brig Consuelo, JBcobsen. 22 days from Hllo.
Schr Newark, Beck, 16. hours from Bowens
Landing. Chllena, Matsen, 9 hours from Fort
Schr La Chtlena, Matsen. 9 hours from Fort
Ross.
Schr Nettle Low, Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
CLEARED.
Friday, May 27.
Whal schr Bonanza, Smith, whaling; H Lla«
bes & Co.
. SAILED.
Friday. May 27.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Columbia, Goodall. Astoria.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefleld. Tacoma.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. May 27—10 p. m.— Weather^
thick; wind, S; velocity. 20 miles. -.. ■
CHARTERS.
The Lucile, Occidental' and Tosemito load
coal at Seattle for this port.
SPOKEN. • • f
May 6— Lat 9 S. long 35 W, Br ship Cap*
Clear, from Hambur- for San Francisco.
May 18— Lat 14 N, long 25 W." Nor bark Nord
lyset, from Lelth, for San Francisco.
• Ma ' y Lat 49 N. long 6 W. Br ship Wll
helm" Tell, from Tacoma. for Falmouth.
MISCELLANEOUS..
LONDON, May 27— Br ship Ollvebank. . pre
vlouslv reported on fire at Tyne. The fire has
been extinguished: part of cargo is damaged.
MEMORANDUM.
' Per Coos- Bay-Located lost bell buoy from
Noonday Rock at 8:40 a. m. May 27. 6 miles
south by east magnetic from Pillar Point.
Halfmoon Bay.
DOMESTIC PORT 3.
COOS BAY-Sailed May 27-Stmr Arcata. for
S A n sTOK n iA-Sailed May 27-^chr Mar," E Rus.
May 27-Schr Huenem.
f " r '!,vm^-Sailed May 27-Stmr Humboldt,
f "sAX rEDRO-Sailed May 27-Schr Ullebonn*
fC SEATTLE-Salled May 27-Brlg Geneva, for *
St Michael. May 27 -Br stmr Bristol,
hZ May "7 to Nanalino; ship Spartan, hno
Slav If? for "Seattle; brig Geneva, from Seattle,
fO vIKTU C RA-Salled May 27-Stmr George
L^Bl BAf--Ar rlv^ 1S May 2S-Stmr Arcata.
I hC MM a y 4 ' 2&-Stmr Empire, for San Fran-
Cl iiMPOUA-Arrlved May 23-Schr Lily, hence
'vr.v. v May Schr Sadie, from San. Pedro.
Slav H Schr Lucy, for Ban Pedro.
rORT TOWNSEND- Arrived May .'7-Barlc
', Vesmith. from San Diego.
EUREKA— Arrived May 27— Stmr Orizaba, he
M PORT TOWNSEND— Ariverd May 27— Brig
rnurtney Ford, from Dutch Harbor.
TACOMA— Arrived May 27— Bark' Snow • and
Biinress* hence May 11.
COOS BAY— Sailed May 26— Stmr Fulton, for
San Francisco. ■ •
FOREIGN PORTS
HONOLULU— May 17— Br stmr Capo
Otway from Victoria; bktn Irmgar.l, hence
May 4. May 19— Brig WG Irwln. hence May
i May 20— Haw stmr China, from Yokohama.
Sailed May 17— Haw stmr Zealandla. for ban
Francisco; Br stmr Gaelic, for Yokohama: bktn
Archer, for Can Francisco.' May 10— Bark Cey
lon for Hilo to load for San Francisco. May
21— Schr Carrier Dove, for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed May 27— Br ship
Marion Frazer. for . ' .
HAMBURG— SaiIed May 2C— Br ship Scottish
Hills, tor San Francisco. .. _..,
FALMOUTH— Arrived May 27— Br ship Wll
helm Tel. from Seattle. • _• " .
.CARDlFF— Arrived May 25— Br ship Princi
pality, from Antwerp. ." . „
HAVRE— Arrived May 25— Fr brk Louis Pas
teur,-from London.  ■■■ _
LIVERPOOL-rArrived May 2.-.- Mr ship Bren
hilda. from Havre.
COLON— Sailed May 25— Stmr Advance, for
New York. :.■■- .- ' - ... ;,.,.*
HAVRE— Sailed May 26— Br ship Mashona, .
for Cardiff. < ' _ ' „ >
HONOLULU— SaiIed May 19— Br stmr Cape
Otway. for Sydney. May 21— Bktn Amelia, lor ..'
Port Blakeley. 24— Bktn Planter, for Laysan
To sail May 24— Bktn Planter, for Laysan
KAIi.UA KONA— Arrived May 15— Schr Jessie
Minor, from Eureka. . - ~; __ , • ' ,
HlLO— Arrived May 12-%Schr Spokane, . from
Port Gamble: to sail May 25— Ship Kenilworth,
for New York.TAYLOR IS
NOW IN JAIL
Is Charged With Abduct
ingr a Young Wife.
FLED TO AVOID ARREST.
RETURNED ONLY TO BE SERVED
WITH A WARRANT.
Attempting to Find Out Who Sent
the Bogus Subpena That Caused
Mrs. Struber to Leave
Her Home.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, May 27.
Joseph Taylor was taken to the County
Jail to-day charged with a serious crime.
It is alleged that some months ago he
abducted a young wife from Oakland for
the purpose of placing her amid disrep
utable associates.
Two months ago Mrs. Lemery Struber,
«. girl about 17 years of age, was taken
by her husband to a lodging house not
fitted for her as a dwelling. For this
offense Struber was convicted of a felony,
and Is now spending three years In San
Quentin. Not long after the trial the
young wife's mother notified the police
that her daughter had disappeared, and
Inquiry showed that a false subpena to
appear at an imaginary trial in Judge
Cliffs court had been served upon her.
end ihat advantage had been taken of her
leaving home to attend the court to ab
duct her. It was proved that there was
no authority for issuing the subpena, and
no case in which the girl was wanted
as a witness.
Joseph Taylor, who was suspected of
being a party to the abduction, was at
that time living at Fruitvale. working as
a broommaker. The young wife's brother
swore out a warrant for the arrest of
Taylor, charging him with abducting his
elster for immoral purposes. As soon as
the warrant was issued, Taylor disap
peared, and he has not been seen until
a couple of days ago. He then felt it
cafe to return, but only reached Oakland
In time to be arrested. He was unable
to account for his sudden flight, which
Is Indicated as bearing out. in some meas
ure, the suspicion of his guilt.
After Taylor's disappearance, the girl
was found in San Francisco and brought
home, and it is presumed that she has
confided in her brother, the prosecuting
■witness, who is responsible for her ab
duction. Taylor is held in $2000 bonds,
■which he has not been able to give, and
his preliminary examination will be held
before Justice Clift next Tuesday after
noon.
MYSTERIOUS DEATH
AT PIEDMONT BATHS
A MAN BaDLY SCALDED IS
FOUND ON THE SLAB.
Jahnigan'g Stomach to Be Analyzed,
as There Is a Possibility
That Hs Swallowed
Some Poison.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. May 27.
Gustave Jahnigan, a bartender, died at
the Piedmont baths early this morning
under peculiar circumstances. He was
resting on a marble slab after taking a
Hammam  by
an attendant. For a few days Jahnigan
has been absent from his work.
After leaving the hot room at the baths,
James Gouterman proposed to rub Jahni
gan down, but the latter said he preferred
to rest on the slab and would call the
attendant when h>' needed him. As no
call came, Gouterman went to Jahnigan,
and found him dead. The body was re
moved to the Morgue.
Jahnigan was 4S years of age, and
leaves a widow and five children. He was
a popular member of the A. O. U. %V.
One of his sons recently enlisted, and is
now waiting for a cail to the front.
Alter tiic bouy \sas reuiovcu to the ,
Morgue Coroner Baldwin was greatly
surprised to find that the skin was
burned so severely that it would peel off. ,
No autopsy was held, but the organs
were found in a healthy condition and
there was nothing to indicate the cause
of death.
"1 intended to hold an autopsy to- i
night," said Coroner Baldwin, '"but after
closely examining: the body I decided that
it is scarce calling for a thorough exam
lnatlon. There is no organic disease that
may have caused death, so I suppose it
was caused either by the great heat of
the bath which has burned the body so
badly, or else the man must have taken <
?oison. I have sent the stomach to Pro-
Meor Colly at lite State University for
analysis, and have set the Inquest for
next Tuesday r.ight."
HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATES.
Class Day Farce Wednesday and
Commencement Exercises
Thursday Evening.
OAKLAND, May 27.— The class of '98 of
the High School will present a farce on
Wednesday evening in the gymnasium
written by Miss Zue Ackerman. It is en
titled "Cupid and Psyche Up To Date," a
travesty in three acts with sixteen speak
ing parts. The commencement exercises
will take place Thursday evening and will
consist of essays and orations by the
class. Those who will graduate are:
Grace Marie Avery, Edna Hope Alburn, Zoe
Ackerman, Fletcher Ames, Raymond Haw
thorne Bailey. Herbert A. Burns, Le Key Eu
gene Caverly, Uerard Clement, Lydia Lee
Dozler, Edith Anna Dearborn, Emma. W'hiton
Finch, Mary Frances French, Henry Franck,
Ernest Charlac Foster, Maud Dyer Garneld.
Frederick Augustus Cowing, Isabel Grace (Jil
mour, Pope Catlin Hartman, Margaret Hen
derson, Ethel Carolyn Haas, May Isabella
Hawkett, Charles Parker Holt, Jassie Beniun
Harreli, Mabel Floretta Jordan, Gwendolen
Key Jones, Waldemar Elmore Jahnlgen, Kath
leen Movlan Kent, Elizabeth Theresa Kinsey.
Ellen Lenore Lake, Charles Oilman Lister,
Moretta Manning, Theodore Lewis Mick, Nettie
Viola- Morgan, Anna McClelland, Letltla De
Garls Priaul.x, Daisy Kebecca Peter, Lillian
Metha Peterson, Uessie Pratt, Alma Fancher
Penis, Flora Mabel Kobinson. Josephine Rosen
berg, Benjamin Weiser Reed, Fred Thomas
Rosenberry. Dv Ray Smith Jr., Stanley James
Smith. Harry Thomas Stevens, Ada J. C. St.
Johnson Edith May Schulze, Middleton Pem
berton Stansbu.T. Elizabeth Harte Toohig,
Mab<-i Agnes Thayer, Clara Maxwell Taft.
Edith Richards Williams. Edson Dwinell Wil
cox, Edith Garfleld Wheeler, Arthur Somes
Wheeler Esther Elizabeth Wilson, Bessie
Louise White. Laura Agnes White, Mary
Bright Wallace.
Holy Ghost Festival.
OAKLAND, May 27.— The celebration of
the Holy Ghost, or Pentecost, one of the
treat religious festivals of the year with
the Portuguese population, which num
bers about 5000 In this county, takes place
on Sunday. On Saturday night the festi
vities will begin in Holy Ghost Hall. On
Sunday there will be a children's parade,
with a band, from the hall on Pacific
street to the Chestnut-street church. Rev.
Father G. Gloria will officiate, assisted by
Fathers Kevin, Cranwell and Slevin.
Charges Persistent Persecution.
OAKLAND, May 27.— Mrs. Julia A. Kent
filed a suit for a divorce from her hus
band, Philip Kent, to-day, charging him
with a persistent and willful persecution,
to rid himself of her. They were married
on January <i. 1882, in Topr>ka. Kans., and
have three children. The domestic dis
cord began in Napa Springs, but has con
tinued uninterruptedly in this county.
The wife desires her freedom, children,
costs, alimony and a restraining order to
prohibit the father or agr-nt from ever
attempting to secure the children
Frank Schottler in Trouble.
OAKLAND, May 27.— Mrs. U. S. Osborn
of 1310 Eighth street caused the arrest
of Frank Schottler, who has been con
aucting a watch club at' 304 San Pablo
avenue, for attempting to defraud her of
$25. It was a year ago ■ that Mrs. Os
born Joined the club and in January had
paid" s2s, -for Ui£h, ghe w^s to have a
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
watch or equivalent in Jewelry. She had
never been able to catch Schottler in un
til this morning, when he informed her
that he had sold out and that she was
short 10 cents. After offering to pay the
sum the police were notified and shortly
afterward Detective Quigley picked him
up and locked him in the City Prison.
Tesla Mine Explosion Inquest.
OAKLAND, May 27.— Coroner Baldwin
held an inquest to-day at Livermore over
the remains of -P. Sola, the Italian miner
killed in the explosion in the Tesla coal
mine yesterday. David Davis, the fore
man. Thomas Jones, his assistant, and T.
Morgan were the witnesses, but nothing
definite was learned regarding the acci
dent. It is believed that Sola caused the
explosion by entering the shaft with an
open lamp, against the company's rules.
He was in no wise disfigured. The \ r erdict
was death by explosion of fire-damp. The
injured men are doing well and will re
cover.
To Recover Tax Money.
OAKLAND, May 27.— Edson Adams filed
a suit to-day to recover Slot") SO from the
city of Oakland for taxes paid under pro
test on the Adams estate tract, consist
ing of 152 acres. The County Assessor
valued it at $456,300, while the Board of
Equalization reduced it to $304,300. The
City Assessor took the former figure and
collected taxes amounting to $794 40 on
each installment, more than it would
have been had it been figured on the
equalized amount.
No Kneisel Concert
OAKLAND, May 27.— The Kneisel
Quartet has canceled its two concerts
that were to have been given in this city
next •week, owing to Franz Kneisel being
ill and unable to play without suffering.
They promise to make up the loss next
spring, when they will return to the coast.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, May 27.— Miss Pearl Dusen
bury fainted again this morning In Jus
tice Lawrence's court during the exam
ination of Herbert D. Fraser of Berke
ley, charged with criminal assault. The
case had to be continued.
Archbishop Rlordan attended the grad
uating exercises at the Sacred Heart Con
vent this afternoon and conferred the
diplomas upon the young ladies. There
was a large attendance of the clergy and
laymen.
WILLOWS FROM ASIA MINOR.
Successful Experiments With Phe
nomenally Fast - Growing
Salixes at Chico.
BERKELEY, May 27.— At the Chico
forestry station of the agricultural de
partment of the State University the suc
cessful experiment has been made of in
troducing a new species of rapid-growing
willow from Asia Minor. Six-inch cut
tings of the new tree— the Salix salmonei
— at the end of thirty-one months (ten
months in the nursery and the remaining
twenty-one months in a grove) reached
the height of 32 feet. The circumference
of the tree was 22 inches and the spread
of its branches 12 feet The wonderful
quickness of this growth is realized when
compared with that of the common bas
ket willow, which in the same period
reached a height of 7Vs feet, with a girth
of 5 inches and a spread of 5 feet. "Some
day," declares Inspector Charles H. Shinn
of the experiment stations, "for fuel, for
fence posts, for charcoal and for manu
facturing purposes, the new species of
salix which we have succeeded in intro
ducing will become of great commercial
importance."
Experiments with eucalypti and acacias
at the Chico station have not met with
such success. Even large trees of the
blue gum variety were killed by the frost,
and the only hardy varieties of the eu
calyptus which seemed able to endure
were the vimlnalls, the genokles, the
alpina and the Gunnel. Although gums
of all varieties grow well in Southern
California and around the bay. Inspector
Shinn has come to the conclusion that
they are more adapted to the low-lying
valley of the Sacramento. "The growth
of forest trees, however, proves that the
Chico district is as well adapted as any
in the State to a great range of deciduous
and coniferous trees, and particularly the
oaks and ashes and other hardwood
trees."
■♦ ■ —
SUDDEN DEATH IN BERKELEY.
The Body of a Professional Woman
Nurse Found in the Cali
fornia Hotel.
BERKELEY, May 27.— Mrs. Mary Chat
field, a professional nurse, aged about 50
years, was found dead this morning in a
room of the California Hotel on the cor
ner of Shattuck and University avenues.
Certain peculiar circumstances surround
the death, which, however, was in all
probability due to alcoholism. Yesterday
afternoon the woman was brought, to the
hotel in a hack, while evidently under
the influence of liquor. She threw herself
upon the bed, where she lay groaning,
disregarding the chambermaid's sugges
tion that she disrobe and retire. Little
attention was paid to her groans, as it
was supposed that her conduct was due
to drinking. This morning the groans had
ceased, and when the room was entered
the woman was found to be dead. The
body was removed to the Berkeley
Branch Morgue, where an inquest will be
held.
The dead woman for some months past
has been employed as a nurse by Mrs.
Kimball Easton of Jefferson and Eleventh
streets, Oakland.
For the past week she had been
partially intoxicated, and yesterday Mr.
Easton discharged her and sent her to
the California Hotel in Berkeley, where
she had stopped on previous occasions.
After she had left it was found she had
consumed nearly a pint and a half of
wood alcohol, only a very small dose of
which is necessary to produce death.
Nothing was found about the person of
the dead woman that would tend to in
dicate suicide. Of her antecedents or
associates almost nothing is known.
Frightened Into Jumping.
BERKELEY, May 27.— Andrew Hansen,
the 8-year-old son of A. Hansen of 2417
Fifth street. West Berkeley, broke his leg
yesterday in jumping from a high fence
near the bay shore. The lad was playing
with some companions on the fence, when
some older girls threatened to give him a
whipping. The little fellow, fearing that
they would carry out their threat,
jumped to the ground, receiving a serious
fracture of the legbone.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. May 27.— The Berkeley
Lodge of Odd Fellows has nominated the
following officers: Noble grand, Ed Pul
len; vice-grand, B. E. Underwood; trus
tees—Charles T. Kerns, George Davis and
G. H. Schuster. The installation will
take place July 1.
The Republicans of West Berkeley will
meet to-morrow evening in Taylor's Hall,
West Berkeley.
Recruiting for Company G.
ALAMEDA, May 27.— Captain Simpson
of Company G will open a recruiting of
fice in Haywards for the purpose of ob
taining volunteers to fill up the ranks of
Company Gof this city. Although there
is a population of 16,000 people in this city
for some reason the young men appear
loth to offer their services to their coun
try, and hence it seems necessary to go
outside of the town to raise the number
of men required. The company had the
full number just after the first call for
troops, but many of the volunteers on
finding that it was not going at once, en
listed with other commands. Hence the
present shortage.
Railroad Crossing Franchise.
ALAMEDA, May 27.— The City Trustees
will hold a special meeting to-night to
discuss the proposed franchise to the
Southern Pacific for a crossing on Web
ster street near the end of the estuary
bridge. Inasmuch as it will be necessary
to make quite a grade at that point, is
has been suggested that the street be
lowered a little and a bridge put in for the
steam milroad, allowing the electric line
and other traffic to go underneath. Other
wise the crossing will be a very dangerous
one and an obstacle to traffic in that di
rection.
Decoration Day.
ALAMEDA. May 27.— There will be no
celebration of Decoration day in this city
on Monday next. A squad of ten men has
been detailed from Company G to go to
the cemeteries in Oakland and do the
honors over the graves of two former
rr.-mbcrs of the organization, but beyond
this there will be no ceremonies or other
observance. _
The Star speaks of contracts and Chi
nese. Read it. * I
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 28, 1898.
SPOKE FOR
AMERICA
Patriotic Addresses by
St. Mary's Gradutes.
OUR FUTURE STATESMEN
YOUNG SCHOLARS COMMENT
ABLY ON THE TIMES.
Interesting Exercises at MacdonougJbi
Theater — His Grace Archbishop
Biordan Presents the
Diplomas.
Oakland Office San Francisco Cajl,
90S Broadway, May 27.
The Macdonough Theater was crowded
' to-night with the friends of the gradu
ates of St. Mary's College. Archbishop
Rlordan presided ajid presented the di
plomas to the graduating class, consist-
Ing of Thomas H. Donovan, Leo P. Tor
mey, James J. ODea, W. P. Sullivan, An
drew P. Finan, Edward T. Mallon. Frank
I A. Silva and John A. Young. •
The class essays were on Interesting j
' topics and showed much study and ;
thought on the part of the orators. W. P.
Sullivan dealt with '•The American Re
public," and in his remarks said: "The j
unity and liberty of our republic must be |
preserved in order that we may attain to j
the elevation that Providence has dcs- ;
tlned for us. Wo must be ever mindful .
of our motto, 'E plurlbus unum,' for In '
'unity there is strength." We must ever I
keep in mind the grand idea of true lib
erty which it has been given our nation
to realize and ever strive to reach a po
sition that the God of nations intended
we should occupy — the peer among the
nations of the earth."
"Who Fears to Speak of '98?" was the !
subject handled by Andrew P. Finan, who j
said in brief: "Far from being ashamed '
of that eventful period of Irish history I
known as the insurrection of '98, we find ;
much in it to commend and admire. The
history of Ireland has been a checkered
one foV centuries. Still the shadows have ■
been brightened from time to time by the
light of faith and hope. Most other coun- !
tries have had seasons of prosperity and i
progress. But Ireland, rrora the landing !
of Strongbow, has had no such experi- ;
ence. For more than seven hundred i
years this devoted island, appropriately
termed 'first flower of the earth and first ',
gem of the sea,' has been the scene of
cruel persecutions and atrocious misrule, i
In consequence rebellions have been of \
frequent occurrence, though mostly un
successful, but hope has never died out
In the Irish heart."
Leo F. Tormey, in a clever thesis, re
ferred to the Monroe doctrine and said: ,
"Our republic has reached a point in its [
development where fear of European ag- j
gression may be disregarded Away,
therefore, with the purpose of those who i
would carry us back to the conditions j
from which we broke in the glorious i
days of the Revolution. Base is the ill !
disguised purpose of those who would |
Europeanize America. t"p with the glo- '
rious flag of independence. Long may it
wave over us ana our posterity, symbol
izing on its genial folds no base or de
grading foreign policies, but, untainted
and unpolluted, let it be transmitted to
posterity, upheld by principles American
in their origin, their nature and promul
gation."
"Pope Leo XIII and His Pontificate."
was the subject chosen by Thomas W.
Donovan. He said:
"Fired by the holy and ardent desire j
of drawing the human race nearer to
their Creator and aided by his remark
able abilities as a statesman, Leo XIII
has performed prodigies in the cause of
religion. He re-pstablished the Scottish !
hierarchy, secured the pardon and return i
of the Polish Bishops who had been ex
i!sd from their flocks, and secured for
German Catholic* the right to practice
their religion in peace.
"Of a remarkable personality, he at- 1
tracts with a magnetic force which is '
almost irresistible. His manner, though
kind, is firm and adamant and he displays ;
a remarkable force of character in all !
his undertakings; the ardor with which j
he performs every duty is infused into
those who come in contact with him, and
although he has reached the grand old ;
age of 88 years he continues to perform
the duties of his high office with an en
ergy little short of supernatural."
"The American Navy, Past and Pres
ent," is a timely subject upon which j
James I. O'Dt-a found much to say. He !
compared the navies of ISI2 and 1898 and
dosed as follows:
"And now we are In the midst of a
conflict with a European nation untried
before. We have taken up the gage of
battle in behalf of a starving, perishing
island— an upward striving nationality.
t*owever opinions may differ as to the
justness of the motives, Congress has de
clared for war; and if present omens au
gur anything of the future, the United
States will achieve one of her greatest
naval triumphs. Already the skies are
brightening with the prospects of dawn
ing victory and peace. The mantle of
the old commodore has fallen on one gas
lant man, the hero of Manila. The echoej
of Dewey's cannon have gone reverber
ating around the whole world, astounding
the nations at American pluck, ability
and triumph.
"Our destiny, In a great measure, is in
the hands of our seamen and we feei
confident that it is in good keeping. The
history of the American sailor makes
us trust that wherever national interests
may place him, they will be bravely, he
roically and triumphnntly safeguarded."
John A. Young presented an elaborate
review of the pioneers of missionary work
in America. He paid particular atten
tion to the work of those pioneers of re
ligion who laid the foundation of civil
ization in the Spanish territory that is
now the State of California.
Frank A. Silva dealt with the life and
work of General Rosecrans, who recently
died in Southern California. He referred
to the Christian character of the dead
warrior and of how religion dominated
his action both in war and in peace.
In dealing with public opinion Edward
Thomas Mallon said some very trenchant
things. He stated that much that is ac
cepted as public opinion does not deserve
the name, but is the worst form of dem
agogy. He also said that an able editor
can mold public opinion to a great ex
tent and thnt such opinion possesses
power enough to even compel vice to
hide its head, or if it persist in living it
shall only do so under the mask of
hypocrisy. ______________
A Wife-Beater Punished.
ALAMEDA, May 27.~J0hn »:«3ith of
Railroad avenue and Union street wa? ar
j rested last night on complaint of a neigh
bor for disturbing the peace and for boat
ing his wife. Heath was drunk. He was
taken before Justice Morris to-day, and
it being shown that it was an aggra
vated case, he was fined $IW. with the
alternative of fifty days' imprisonment in
the County Jail. He went to jail.
The Williams Killing.
ALAMEDA. May 27.— Mrs. Gregory, the
slayer of Williams, was taken to San
Francisco this afternoon. by an officer to
enable her to transact some business. The
imprisonment in the gloomy coll in the
City Hall basement is telling on her, and
she will welcome the transfer to better
quarters in the County Jail. Both she and
her husband are quite confident of ac
quittal, and maintain positively that the
deed was done in self-defense.
Red Cross Work.
ALAMEDA, May 27.— The Red Cross So
ciety is now settled in its headquarters
on Park street, and has commenced act
ive operations. Several sewing machines
and other necessary appliances have been
secured by donation, and the ladies are
hard at work making bandages, etc. Do
nations are coming in, and the socictv jg
destined to prove a great help in "the
good work that the ladies have under
taken all over the State.
Alcmeda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Ma^ 27. -The KnigUts of
Pythias of this city will erect a flagrpole
and raise a large flag thereon this even
ing on their lot, corner of Oak street and
Santa Clara avenue.
The Current Events section of the Adel
phian Club held its last meeting for the
season yesterday. It will resume its ses
sions in the fall.
Mrs. Helena Breige of this city died last
niprht at th« sanitarium on San Jose
avenue, at the age of 63 years. She had
lived in this city several years.
Professor Jordan of Stanford University
will lecture on "The Passion Play" at the
Unitarian Church Sunday evening for the
benefit of the Red Cross Society.
The Encinal Yacht Club has postponed
Its cruise until September. It was to have
taken place June 4.
THE STOCK MARKET.
While the best prices for mining Btockß yes
terday were rather above those of the pre
ceding day, the feeling was weaker In the
afternoon, as will be seen.
There was a good business on the Bond Ex
chajige and a wider range of securities was
dealt in. Oceanic Steamship sold froro $61
down to $60% and Hutchison a4%-anced to $49%.
There was rather more activitity in the pow
der stocks.
The National Consolidated Mining Company
of Shasta County has levied an assessment of
Be per share, delinquent June 27.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
regular monthly dividend of 40c per share on
June f>.
Dividends of 60c per share will be paid next
Wednesday- by the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany and the San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company.
In the Standard Consolidated mine of Bodte
for the week ending May 21 the regular pros
pecting work continued to be done on the 150,
200, 318, 470 and 582 levels in the New. Se
curity, Moyle. Bullion, East, Station, Main
Standard, Black and Fortuna ledges. There le
no change In the condition of the mine, which
Is looking well. The usual amount of fair to
good ore was extracted during the week.
Standard Mill statement— Ore crushed for the
week, 291% tons; average assay vanner tail
ing, $7 68; concentrates produced S% torn; as
say value, $140 30; amalgam produced 1427 troy
ounces; value per ounce, $1 89. Tailings plant
No. 1 worked 527% tons tailings; plant No. 2
worked 3."5% tons tailings.
The Marysville Tunnel and Quart! Mining
Company of Yuba County has levied an as
sessment of 3-20 of a cent per share, delinquent
June 23.
The delinquency In office of the Fox assess
ment of 10 cents per share on the capital stock
of the Hale & Norcross Mining Company haa
been further postponed to June 14, and the day
of sale to June 30, pending the outcome of the
Injunction proceedings in Judge Hunt's court.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, May 27—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I •"•■: -A V---; Bid. Ask.
V 8 Bonds— . Oakland Gas.. 47% 49
Is quar coup. .llo 112 Pac Gas Imp.. 88 —
i is quar reg...105%109% Pac L Co 60 51
i Is quar new... 121%122M; S F G & E... 86 87
i Miscellaneous— San Fran .... 3W. 3V4
j Cal-st Cab 55.114% — Stock Gas .... 12 —
I Cal El 63 .....125 — | Insurance—
IC C Wat 55... 99 100 FlrenVs Fund. lßs —
1 Dup-st ex c... — BS% Bank Stocks — >*' :.
i E L & P .127% — Angrlo-Cal .... -- 65
F&CI Ry 65. 107% — Bank of Cal.. — 244%
Geary-st R ss. — 9S Cal SD & T.. 97% —
'HC & S 5%5..100 105 First Nat ....205 —
;L. A L Co 6s. — 100 I-ron P & A... 125 —
Do gntd 65.. — 100 Mer Exchange 10 15
; Market-st 65.. — 126 Xcv Nat B 152%160
! Do Ist M 55.. — U3->; Savings Banks-
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 97 ! Ger S & L..1400 1600
iNC NG Ry75.103 — Hum S & L 1050 1160
N Ry Cal 65.. 107% — Mutual Saw — 42%
i N Ry Cal 55..1C0% — S F Say U.. — 500
PC R R 68.108 — S& L 50.... — < 100
NPC R R 55. 100% — Security S B 250 —
; Oak Gas r5...100 — Union T Co. 950 —
1 Do 2d Is 10594110 Street Railroad—
;Om Ry 6s 123% — California 108% —
i P & O 6s 110 — I Geary 40 —
!P&CI Ry 68.108 — Market-st .... 51% 62
1 Powell. st 65. ..118 — Presidio .......— 9%
Reno "A - L&L..100 — Powder-
Sac Elecßyos.loo — California ....115 150
ISF &N P 55. 107 107% E Dynamite .. 85 —
SierraßCal 6s. — 102% [Giant Con Co 44% 44 i
S P of Ar 6a.104%104'4 Vigorit Z\i 3V.
S P Cal 65... .— 113 Miscellaneous—
SPC Is ctr 55.. — 96 AI Pac Assn.. 93% 94 W,
S P Br 6s 11l 114 Ger Ld Wks..lio' —
B V Wat 65...116 7 *, — Hana P C 0.... 12 15
S V Wat 45... — 102% H C & S Co.. 19% 19%
Stock Gas 65.. — 103 Hutch S PCo. 49 49%
Water Stocks— Mer Ex Assn. SO —
Contra Costa.. 5$ 5834 Nat Yin C 0... — "7
Marin Co 50 — Oceanic S Co. 60% 60%
Spring Valley.loo%loo% Pac A F L... 1% 2Vi
Gas <fe Electric — Pac Bot C 0.. .101 —
Cent Qasllght.los — Par Paint Co. 7 —
Mutual El Co. — 12
Morning Session. ' •
60 Contra Costa Water 68 50
40 do ' do ■ .......... ...;;... ....... 58 75
10 Giant Powder C0n. .'f.'.'.. ..K. ;.. 4425
200 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...... 19 87%
195 do do 19 75.
-50' do do 19 62%
20 Hutchinson S P €0 • 48 75
20 do do 48 62%
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 6100
■ fiO Spring Valley Water 100 25
525 Vlgorit Powder 3 00
100 do do 3 121/
100 do, do „ 325 "
• Street— .
100 Market-street Railway 51 75
15 Oceanic Steamship Co ..60 50
$14,000 Park & Cliff House 6s Bonds 107 50
Afternoon Session.
70 Alaska Packers' Association 94 00
100 Giant Powder Con 44 ;.i
20 do do 44 50
25 do do 44 62<4
50 Spring Valley Water 100 25
TO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 19 25
335 do do 19 50
50 Hutehlnson S P Co 48 62^
70 do do 48 87Va
70 do do 49 00
50 do do 49 25
20 Oceanic Steamship Co 60 62ty
20 do do 80 50
10 do do 60 37%
10 do do 60 75
1M Vigorit Powder 3 25
300 do do 33714
175 do do 3 50
Street— .. r-.-N
BO California-street Railway 108 50
100 Market-street Railway 5175
60 Oceanic Steamship Co 6100
15 Pacific Coast Borax .......10125
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
lOOVlgorlt Powder — 3 00
40Market-st R R Co 6150
Afternoon Session.
25 Giant Powder, b 3 44 00
25 Contra Costa Water Co 59 00
MINING STOCK&
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
• Morning Session.
1 00 Alpha ...; 04 J 100 Crown Point ... 12
£00 Belcher 11 WO Hale & Norcrs. 90
100 Bullion .: 06 I 200 ...... 89
100 Challenge 25! 150 Mexican 20
100 .:.... ....; 26 ?00 Overman ..OS
lOOChollar 18 1000 . 09
200 Con Cal & Va.. 54 . 100 Potosl 21
Afternoon Session. ■ :
100 Belcher 10 100 Gould & Curry.. 21
£00 Best • & - Belcher 26 100 Mexican . . ; 19
W0 Bullion .......... 06 100 Ophlr 34
»00 Challenge ....... 23 ! 100 Overman ....... 03
100 22 «00 Sierra Nevada.. 48
200 Con Cal & Va.. 47 100 Utah ............ 05
$00 . . ,46 1 100 Yellow Jacket... 24
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1700 Alpha 03 SOO Ophlr .. 83
500 Andes 08 1 >on Overman 10
100 Best & Belcher. 30 500.. 0
1200 Challenge ...... 25 500 OS
tOO ...... ........ 24 200 Potosl 2J
500 Chollar -IS 100 Savage 12
200 Con Cal & Va.. S3 200 Sierra Nevada.. 56
»0 .. 54 100 . .... 55
UOOCrown Point .. 12 100 ................... M
500 Gould & Curry. • 21 100 Union Con ■ ... . . . 10
200 Justice ..10 I ! 00. Yellow Jacket... 25
150 Mexican ........ 20
Afternoon Session.
200Alta ... IJI' 100 •••• ............ 9-J
JOW Bent & Belcher. 27 100 :. ...... 95
>00 Caledonia ....... 200. 9( j
200...... .....'.....•• 24 200 Mexican ........ 19
tOO ............ • 23 200 Ophlr 35
500 Challenge . ••• 21 '00 Overman ."OS
1500 Chollar ......... 1» .00 Potosl ..; ...21
100 Con Cal & Va. . 60 800 ............ 19
200 ...... 4*. 200 Sierra Nevada.. 48
$00 Confluence ** '"0 Union Con ...... 11
$00 Crown Point ... 12 ,00 10
100 Gould & Curry.- 21 500 Yellow Jacket... 23
Hale & Norcrs I _92^
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. ;
.. FRIDAY, May 27-4 p. m. '■
Bid. Ask. : v. . BltJ.Ask.
Alpha .......... 03 -04 Justice .......... 08 - 0:1
Alta ;..-....•...'.. 10 11 Kentuck ..:.... — 01
Andes ..:.......' 08 09 Lad Wash .... — 02
Belcher-;....... 10 H Mexican ....... IS 19
Best & Eelcher - . 23 27 ! Occidental ....". 65 —
Bullion -■'■ ■......" ;".'-»■ 05 06 ?phir :......'..... 34 '33
Caledonia • . • .'. . . •21 ;23 Overman ..... ... OS 03
"hollar ..::..... 15 ,17 Pot.^l ........... 20 21
Challenge Con. 20 - 22 ravage r. ........ 10 Ml
Con Cal & Va. 45 47 -t-R Belcher ... 03 . 03
Confldence ..... — A ' : corpion .. — 02
Con Imperial .. — 02 Sierra; Nevada. 48 50
Drown Point ... 12 I 4 Silver Hill .... 05 06
300 .New York.' — . 01 Syndicate ...... — 04
Kureka Con ... — -JO Standard :...... —150
Exchequer .:...— 03 Union Con ... ; . —. 12
3ould & Curry. 19 , 21 /tan :...........: 04 . M
Hale & Norcrs. 95 — Yellow Jacket. 22 24
Julia ....... ■-":.. f- 02 ,
Will Observe the Holiday.
: : The Custom ; House, the Appraiser's \ de
partment, the i'-. Federal Courts * and tbo
other Federal offices will Vbe .c closed yon
Monday, Memorial ; d4y, . th^at > \>e{oe %' le
gal holiday. - :> , ; -- ; - -
CHRISINGER
VERY ALIVE
One of the Nail Case
Witnesses Irate.
HE WAS POSTET AS DEAD
THINKS THE ANNOUNCEMENT
WAS MALICIOUS.
In the Meantime Other Parties to the
Church Scandal Are Scouring
Around for a Beason of
the Humor.
Oakland Office Saij Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 27.
A little notice stating that P. B. Chris
inger, a resident of North Oakland, had
died, was sent to the newspapers last
night.
The notice was as follows: "Died, P. C.
Chrißiuger, Wednesday evening, while at
tending a meeting of the Thirty-fourth
Street Methodist Episcopal Church; be
waa called upon to give testimony and
waa stricken down and died suddenly.
Cause, heart trouble. Arrangements for
the funeral will be announced later."
P. B. Chrisinger was one of the parties
who signed the formal complaint against
George Nail, superintendent of the church
Sunday-school, which resulted in the re
cent sensational trial. At this trial one
of the most interested witnesses was
Erasmus T. Leavell, an elderly man who,
it is said, is responsible for the notices of
Chrisinger's death. An investigation
showed that the death notice is entirely
false. There was no meeting of the
church Wednesday evening, and Mr.
Chrisinger is at present alive and enjoy
ing excellent health. He declares that the
circulation of the death notice is a plot !
to bring him into an unpleasant compli- ]
cation.
"Do I look like a dead man?" asked Mr. i
Chrisinger to-day. "I certainly don't feel
like a corpse, nor can I understand what i
under the sun could set people to circu
lating such a story. I was at the prayer
meeting Wednesday night, but no one
dropped dead. I would like to know what j
Mr. Leavell means. 1 suppose they are
still trying to draw me into the church
trouble. I was class leader there for two I
years, and while this cnurch trial was in !
progress they were trying to drag me into j
it. One women said I had made the as- j
sertion that there was not adecent woman <
in the congregation. When she was called
before the church committee to repeat it
she said it was some other man that
made the assertion. It happened that
there were two ladies present when she
said I had made the statement, and they
were ready to testify I had said nothing
of the kind.
"Now, I suppose, somebody wants to
prejudice me in the church. 1 was a wit
ness at the recent trial and told just what i
I knew and no more. The matter now |
rests with the committee, and nobody i
knows what the decision will be."
In the meantime the other members in
volved in the church scandal are trying
to discover a reason for the circulation of i
the report of Chrisinger's death. The bit
ter feeling engendered since Jhe filing of
the complaint is growing rather than de- |
creasing, and itis not beyond the bounds of ;
possibility that the unpleasant affair may j
yet have a tragic ending.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Sigmund and Rosalie Stern to Mary A. De
lameter. lot on S line of Broadway, 77:2% E of
! Octavia street, S 133 :S by E 62:9%; $L
Patrick H. Herlihy to Frances M. Herlihy,
lot on S line of Vallejo street. 137:6 W of
Pierce. W 27:6 by S 137:6; gift.
William F. and Georgle A. Mau to Mrs. Ot
tilia Mau, lot on S line of Broadway. 125 W of
Baker street, W 100 by S 132:7%; $10.
Ann Riley to John Riley, lot on W line of
Mission street. H6 S of Slxt<¥:nth, S 23 by W
j 100; also lot in Solano County: gift.
Alary Douning or Downing to Hanora Burns,
| lot on S line of Liberty street, 205 W of Dolo
res, W 25 by S 114; $10.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to J. B.
, and Kate Marshall, lot on S line of Liberty
■ street, 325 E of Castro, E 25 by S 114; $10.
Margaret and Getirge R. Munroe to Frank
H. Hodgi\ lot on N\V line of Market street.
11S:4V 4 NE of Caftro. NE 25 by N\V 90; $10.
Estate of Catherine Sloane (Wakefleld) (by
Peter Allen and Henry B. Isaacs, executors)
to Albert and Louise Katz, lot on N line of
Alvarado <M> street, 350 E of Guerrero, E 25
I by N 114: $ll'.O.
i Cnvington Johnson to Justin and Marie Tara
i vellpr. lot on SW corner of Ewer (Commercial
I place) and Mason streets, S £0, W 60, S 38, W
! 25:10, N 58. E 85:10; $10.
Robert Bragg Sr. to Robert Jr. and Frank
■ Bragg, lot on SW line of Main street. 220 SE of
Folsom. SW 137:6 by SE 30; $10.
Sarah J. and C. J. Cheney to John Armstrong,
lot on E line of Twentieth avenue, 275 N of B
street. N 25 by E 120; pft
Fannie Mott to William Harvard, lots 293 and
295, gift map 8; $10.
Mary Douning or Downing to Hanora Burns,
lot on N line of Seventeenth avenue, 100 E of
R street E 25 by N 100, lot 29, block 334, Haley
Tract: $10.
Lean Christensen 'wife of Andrew) to R. H.
Jagoe and Charles Ellis, lot on SE line of Chen
ery street, 256 NE of Miguel. NE 19:10 by SB
100, lot 16. block W, Fairmount; $10.
W H. Kenny (by Jarr.es X. Block, tax col
lector) to O L. Fitz, undivided one-half inter- I
est In lot 9, block 454. Bay View Homestead i
Association, tax deed; $2.
G. L. Fitz to William Wolfsohn, undivided
one-half interest In same: grant.
P. C. 11. Sloan to Peter Allen and Henry B.
Isaacs, all interest in estate of Catherine
Sloane, quitclaim deed; $1.
James LMdln to Ellen Connolly (wtfe of
Thomas), lot on E line of Guerrero street. 810:6
S of Twenty-fourth. S 23:4 by E 125; gift.
Jacob and Lina Heyman to Martha L. Dletz,
lot on N line of Alvarado street, 175 W of
Hoffman (Ellen), W 25. N 57:5, NE 32:4. S 75:9,
lot 157. Heyman Tract: $10.
Ellen McKernan to Annie McKernan. lot on
SE line of Sherwood plnco. ISO NE of Third
street. NE 40 by SE S5; gift.
Same to same, lot on S line of Seventeenth
street. 2G0:3 E of Sanchez. E 25 by B 100; gift.
Same to same and Mary Mangan (trustee for
Philip McKernan), lot on SE line of Sherwood
place. 160 NE of Third street, NE 2u by SE
55 (trust deed); $1.
Same to Mary Mangaji. lot on X line of
Guerrero street, 250:5 S of Seventeenth. S 20:3
by E 96:9; gift.
John Elliott to Eunice Elliott, lots 541, 543,
54 r >, 547 and 649, gift map 2: gift.
Laura Rapp to Jean M. Bourda, lot 89, Ben
Franklin Homestead Association; $10.
Peter J or J P Quinn to El Dorado Loan
Association, lot on N line of Clipper street,
152:9 E of Sanchez. E 25:11 by N 114: $10.
John H. and Margaret E. Gallivan to Fran
cis H Jones, lot on W line of Eighteenth ave
nue. ICO N of C stieet, N M !>y W 120; ?10.
Francis 1!. and Sara M. Wilde to Robert Mc-
Millan lot on NW comer of X street and
Fortv-slxtb avenue. W 82:6 by N 100; also lot
on NE corner of Forty-seventh avenue and X
street E 107 6 by N 100: also lot on E line of
Forty-second avenue. 100 N of Q street, N 50
by E 120- also undivided one-half of the fol
lowing- Lot on SW corner of J str-.-et and
Forty-sixth avenue, W 32:5 by S 100: lot on W
line of Forty-elxth avenue, 250 S of J street.
R 50 by W 120; lot on E line of Forty-seventh
avenue 100 N of X street. M 50 by E 120; lot
onE line of Forty-seventh avenue. ]00 S of
J street S 50 by E 120; lot on S line of J
street 57-6 \V of Forty-sixth avenue, W 50 by
S 100;' $10. * , _
Alameda County.
Mountain View Cemetery. Association to J.
H Murray and 11. B. . Fahrenholz, lot So. In
plot 34. Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland
T Frederick Herdel to Charles W.
Estate Frederick Herdel to Charles VS.
Heyer .38 of an acre,- being survey No. 3. or
lot 45 on Official Connected Plat Extension Mis
sion San Jose: also lot on SW corner above de
scribed and Washington street. ; S to SW , cor
ner, above, W 69 S 72. E 73, to . beginning.
Washington Township: $1230: , _ ■■ -■. -
Susan F. Condon to Lucy F. Packer, lots 1,
2. 6. 8, 10 and 11, block 8, same, Brooklyn Town-
Marie <L. Troost to Justus ■. M. Reynolds, lot
on S line ■of Central avenue, . 60 . E of Regent
street. E 57.31, S 153.68, V/ 56.9, N 147 to begin
ning:. Alameda; $10. :_. . V-i; -. • • ; ,;■ '
Treat P. Clark to Lillian M. E. Clark, - lot
on S line of.E Twenty-fourth street, 375 E of
Twenty-first avenue. E ICO by S 110, block 75,
Northern Addition to Brooklyn; East Oakland;
SB 'and Gertrude E..T7ry to Etta Scheafer
(wife -of L.>. lot . H. block *9, San ;Leandro,'
Ed»n Township: grant. ".■: ."•
- j A. Falrchild to .Warren G. Fairchlld, un
divided 1-5 Interest 10 ■ acres, being lot 11, : and
25 18 acres, being. lot I*. map of property. J. A.
Rose Pleasanton. Murray Township: gift.
\V B. and Sarah ' J. Stone to Lizzie de Ver
ner, lot on N line of Edwards i street. - : 650 - E
of Telegraph ' avenue, -B- 50 by N 125, being lot
14. Pacific Theological Seminary Tract, • Oak-
Edward P. ! Flint to Niels M. Martin, lot on
V." corner of Pearl street and ■ WaJsworth ' ave
nue,' NW 240.80,- SW 117.19, -E 227.76. ME 138.60.
to beginning, : being lots 2 to •5, block .C, Flint
Tract Map !2, ' Oakland; $10. ' :■> .■••■-•--/■■:-' '■-* ■■ ■■■■■
Ella Beach ;to George - Lydlksen. lot on NE
WH& of E Twej4j'-«fvealh street/ 3^o §E'J^e
Auction Sales
M AUCTION SALE
. THIS DAY.
SATURDAY :........ ..MAY 2S.;iS9B
fe* At U a. m. j^fc
By Order of Probate Court, at
J. H. SWAIN'S LIVERY STABLE,
417 FOLSOM ST., NEAR FIRST,
We Will Sell
7 HEAD LIVERY HORSES.
5 TOP AND OPEN BUGGIES. ' ;
1 CARRIAGE.
HARNESS, ROBES, ETC.. ETC.
KJLLIP & CO.. Auctioneers.
11 Montgomery street.
AUCTION SALE*
, OF ""> ■
BANKRUPT STOCK.
THE ST. LOUIS JEWELRY COMPANY'S
entire stock of $SO,OOO worth of DIAMONDS,
WATCHES, JEWELRY. CUT GLASS. STER-
LING SILVER NOVELTIES, ART GOODS.
ETC., will be sold regardless -of cost at 1036
Market st. Sale opens FRIDAY at 2 p. m.
i , H. L. REED. Auctioneer.
MAGNIFICENT FURNITURE.
| THIS : DAY (SATURDAY). AT 11 A. M.
1125 GEARY , ST., NEAR VAN NESS AYE.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, 602 Market.
teenth avenue. SE 80 by NE 140, block 92,
Northern Addition to Town or - Berkeley, East
Oakland; $10.
- Oakland ■ Loan and Investment Company to
Edgar Gorham, lot on S line of Todd street, 50
E of Occidental. E 100 by S 136, being lots 2
1 and 3, block J, Paradise Park, Berkeley; 3«io.
• J. F. and May E. Ives to O. E. Derby, lot on
E line of Spauldlngr avenue, 183:10 S of Ban
croft way, S 189, E 255.50, N IS9, W 258.10 to be
ginning, being: lots 7 to 12, block 4, Spaulding
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
George and Anna E. Lydiksen to Ella Beach,
lot on E line of Cameron street. 270 S of Jack
son, S SO by E 100, being the S one-fifth of lot
2, Ghlrardelll Tract, Brooklyn Township, sub
ject to a mortgage for $650; $10.
Benjamin W. Ferris to James Ranklin and
Henry Mohr. lot on SW corner lof Palmetto
street and Boston avenue, W 100 by S 129.75,
being lots 23 to 28, block B, Prospect Hill
Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10. •.*;■"";
Annie Hart to Gustav Sassenberg, lot on N
line of Eagle avenue, 50 E of Wood street, E
50 by N 100, lots 3 and 4, block 3,' Chapin Tract,
Alameda; $10. • • ------ "■■■ ■
W. F. and Maria A. Pierce to D. Edward Col
ling, lot on NE corner of Park avenue and
Haven street, E 162 by N 125, block 13, map of
portion of plat 6, • Rancho V. & D. Peralta,
Oakland Township; also lot on N line 1 of Park
avenue, 25 W of Haven street, W 100 by N 125.
being portion of block 16 In plat 6, same, .Oak
land Township; $10.
K. L. Fltz (wife of G. L.) to Daniel "Wilson,
lot on NW corner of Dwight way and Tremont
street, N 135.48, W. 60, S 138, E 50 to beginning,
being lot 2, block 6, Barker Tract, Berkeley,
quitclaim deed; $5. . .
■ Sunol Land and Improvement Company (cor
poration) to A. S. Baldwin, same four descrip
tions as in deed of Sunol Land and Improve
ment Company to A. S. Baldwin In transcript
No. 2217, April 20, 189S, Murray Township, to
correct 607 d 135: $10.
Thomas Hallaban to Rose Hallahan, lot on E
line of Market street, 100 X of Thirtieth, N 60
by E 115,' being lot 22 and N half of lot 23,
block 2033, Rowland Tract, Oakland; also all
interest in shares of stock of North Shore
Packing Company; gift.
Richard and Nancy J. Bowdich to Benjamin
Healey. lot on E line of Adeline street, 210:6 N
of Twenty-sixth E 127 by S 26. block N,
Northern Extension to Oakland. Oakland ; $10.
Oakland Loan and 'Investment Company to
Morris Lobner, lot on W line of Peralta street,
40 S of Fourteenth, S 22 by W 100, block 7?6A,
Oakland; $10.
Albert O'Brien to Amelia O'Brien, 5 acres
beginning at a point in W line of county road.
Hay wards, to Redwood Canyon, NW 2853:7 from
center of Matrox road, thence NW 907 by SE
241:2. Eden. Township; $10.
George •W. Buttner to Caroline M. Buttner,
beginning at a point on line dividing lands of
Buttner and J. B. Alameda, 1.69 chains from
E line of 100-foot right of way of Central Pa
cific Railroad, thence NW/1.69 chains. SW 5.54
chains, E 3.16 chains. NE 3.30 chains to begin
ning, being a portion ■of SE V* of section 8,
township 4 S, range 1 E, Murray Township;
gift. > ;.t' -■■ •-.■.=••■■ ■ ■ ■■-■■ ■■■-. ■■ -
■ Samuel. Coy (by tax collector) to M. McCann,
11.27 acres,' being lot 24, *• Batchelder rancho,
Murray Township: $10. -.'- ■
M. McCann to Sunol Land and Improvement
Company, same, Murray Township, quitclaim
deed; $10. - !
Alexander and Louise Campbell, Morris and
Jeannie K. Lobner to Franz Loebel, lot on S
line of Piedmont avenue, 57:4 W of Moss, SW
25 by SE 100, being lot 7, map Salisbury &
Campbell's resubdivislon of block A, Oakland
Heights Tract, Oakland; $10.
Aage and Ida Wiegandt to same, lot on SE
line of Piedmont avenue, 32:4 SW of Moss. SW
25 by BE 100, being lot 8, same, Oakland; $10.
Hannah B. Dingley to Mary T. Lyon, lot on
SW line of East Seventeenth street, 100 SE of
Seventh avenue. SE 50 by SW 100, block M.
Clinton. East Oakland: $10.
Charles Babb to .lames Rankin and Henry
Mohr. lot 25, resubdlvision of block B. Pros
pect Hill Tract, Brooklyn Township, quitclaim
deed; $5.
-A. L. and Abbie C. Payne to same. lot 23,
resubdlvlsion of block B, Prospect Hill Tract.
Brooklyn Township, quitclaim deed;- $5.
J. C. Hewlett, Annie P. Balrd (wife of R. H.)
and Emily Kelton (wife of .A. H.) to Frank
HdWlett. lot on SE corner of St. Charles street
and Buena Vista avenue, E 131:7 by S 125, being
lots 1,-2 and 3, block G, Taylor & Page Tract,
Alameda: $10.
Alice M. Waltt to Pauline Waitt, lot on S
line of Tenth street. 75 E of Harrison. E 75 by
S 100. block 122. Oakland; gift.
Oakland Bank of Savings to Ella J. Saxton
(wife of I. L.). lot on X comer of East Eight
eenth street and Seventh avenue. NE 50 by NW
150. block 103. Clinton. East Oakland: $3500.
E. B. Pond and 11. C. Campbell (trustees - for
George Knapp) to San • Francisco Savings
Union, 472 d 441, lot on S line of Carrison street.
125 E of San Pablo avenue, E 100. S 125.37, W
100, N 123.07 to beginning, being lots 7 and 8,
block D. Carrison Tract, , Berkeley, trustees"
deed; $61.".
' Same to same , S"C d 37. lot on SE corner of
Carrison street and San Pablo avenue. E 123,
S 123.07, W 125. N 120.20 to beginning, being
lots 4. 5 and 6, block D. Carrison tract. Berke
ley- also lot on SW corner of Carrison and
Newton streets, W 368.85. S 129.96 E 3G4.92. N
138.40 to beginning, being lots 13 to 20. block
D. except lot 16 on above, tract, trustees' deed,
Berkeley: $2980. . . ....
R. P. and Nellie M. Smith to Enclnal B. L.
Association, lot on S line of Buena Vista ave
nue, 110 W of Paru street, W 50 by S 150.
(Note— This deed is given to avoid deficiency
judgment In case of foreclosure of 527 m 43S
for $1200.) Alameda; $1. . j.
Same to same, lot on E line cf Stanton street,
150 Nof Pacific avenue. N 32.27 by E 101.23,
portion of Powers Tract. . (Note— This* deed is
given to avoid deficiency judgment in case of
foreclosure of 526 m 259 for $1100.) Alameda: $1.
Gustav Sassenberg to Tiiekla Sassenberg. lot
on N line of Easrle avenue. 50 E of Wood
street.. E 50 by N 100, being lots 3 and. 4. block
8, Chapln Tract. Alameda: gift.
Millicent E. Harris to Adolph breiling, lot
on E line of Weber street. 475 S of Central ave
nue. S 50 by E 100. being portion of Enclna!
Park Tract. Alameda: 510. • ■ . •
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
025 KEABXY ST. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
DiseHses, Lost Manhood. .Debility or
i disease wearing on bodyand mind and
i Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswheti
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
_J i,'areiienarantrra. Callorwrlte.
Dr. I. *'. GIBBON, Box 1937, San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
"blue star~lin¥
To St. Michael. Damson City and Inter-
mediate River Points.
New steamship "Charles Nelson" will be' dis-
patched' June' 2. connecting ■ with company's
own Yukon River fleet." consisting of four lame
modern equipped steamers, •• built by Morun
Tiros, of' Seattle, and now en route for St.
Michael.
SI'FOIAL. ATTENTION called to the fact
that ~ coal .will be used exclusively on - river
boats, v insuring most rapid passage possible,
: Company's ' responsibility -. guarantees con-
tracts. For passage and freight apply, to BLUE
STAR LINE; 1 18 California i St.. > or its agencies.
References. CAPTAIN ' CHARLES ■ NELSON.
6 California st. Telephone Drum 22. -:;■ -
DIRECT TO PARIS. LONDON. HAMBURG.
A. Victoria .S. June ■ 16 1 F. ■ Bismarck:. .".July 23
F Bismarck.. ..June 30 A. Victoria.. August 11
'■"TWIN-SCREW." PASSENGER : SERVICE.
NEW YORK-HAMBURG I DIRECT. ./ V;-
Patria ■.;....":.■.: June <: Pennsylvania.. June 25
Phoenicia. V. . . June :S I Palatia : . .'. . . ; .". ; July - 2
':■■■ Hamburg-American Line, 37 Broadway, N. T.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast.
401 California St., . cor. Sansome. ■ San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
' . Steamer "Montlcello".
Men., Tues.. Wed.. ' Thuri. ■■■ and . Sat:. . .
9:45 a. m., - 3:15 n m. (8:80 p. m. ex. Thur«.)
Fridays v.~.... "....1 1 p. m. and ! 8:30 .p. ; m.
Sundays .......... ......;.10:30 a. m. and 8 p. in.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock,' Pier 3.
' '■ . ■■ r • ■■ Telephone. Bed 2241.
GREAT DISPERSAL SALE
Under Instructions of
I. K. MOFFITT, Trustee, J^j
ALL THE
Stallions, Brood Mares, Colts, Fillies and
Geldings
BRED BY WILLIAM CORBITT
At the Celebrated
San Mateo Stock Farm,
(The former home of Guy Wllkes, 2:l5Vi)
] To Take Place at the Farm, Burlingame, Cal.
THURSDAY, JUNE 2, 1898,
AT 10 O" CLOCK A. M.
As well bred as any in America, and many of
; them the dams ot winners.
The Great Young Stallion,
PRINCE AIRLIE!
By Guy Wilkes, dam by Nutwood.
44 Filljes, Colts and Geldings,
Ranging i'rom 1 to 6 years
old, all the get o?
GUT WILKES. 2:1.v t .
SABL : WILKES (3). 2:18.
OKO WILKES, 2ii. and
PRINCE AIRLIB
In addition to these are 22 suckling colts,
; which will go with the dams, the majority by
1 Oro Wllkes, the rest by Prince Alrlle.
The Stock Is AH in Fine Condition
This sale Is Imperative, and everything of-
! fered must be sold absolutely and without re-
serve.
i A lot of sulkies, carts, horse boots and blank-
ets will be disposed of at private sale at low
prices. Those not sold by June 2 will be sold
j at auction.
Cntaloguea now ready.
Take 9 a. m. or 10:40 a. m. train from Third
and Townsend streets.
KILIP & CO.. Livestock Auctioneers.
11 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
, OCEAN TBAV£V
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
v. Steamers leave Broadway
fcajh—- wharf, San Francisco. ■ \
'■'?£***> or Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
i tflgKiiMafc May 1. 6. 11, 16. 21. 26. 31. Jun»
i Hfc ■Kfffj 5'5 ' transfer at Seattle.
ffHv9l IB 3 " or Alaskan ports (from
I Sa&SfcS^n&M Folsom-street wharf). 10 a. m..
I r^^&WS&S May 18, June 5 26. July 17.
•J' August 4. 25. transfer at Port-
For Victoria, Vancouver (8.C.). Port Towns-
end. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m., May 1, , «.
II 16 21 26 31. June 5. and every fifth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle , with .this com-
Sl^h cr N. rO p. A R a Sk %rVa nco luve^-w»X1 uve^-w»X
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a- m..
May 2 8 14 20. 26. June 1. and every sixth
d %r tlie sSta eP Cn,». Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayuoos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huenern*
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. May 1.-6. 9. 13. ".21. 25. 29.
June 2. and every fourth day thereafter. „„
For San Diego, stopping only at I .->rt Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santo Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Rednndo .(Los Angeles). 11
a. m.. May 3. 7, 11. 15, 19, 23. 27, 31. Juna 4.
and every fourth day thereafter. _
• For Ensenada, Megdalena Bay, San Jose dsi
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. May i».
June 10, and 2d of each month thereafter.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chaw
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of Bailing.
TICKET OFFICE—* New Montgomery
atreet (Palace Hotel).
COODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
|^ For SEATTLE
111 l *n1 TACOMA Direct.
r^^||||£p The New. • Past and Elegant
SENATOR,
Carrying Freight and Passengers.
Will Leave Broadway Wharf San yrancisco.
■ SATURDAY. MAY 28. at 10 A. M.
Ticket Office.' 4 New Montgomery street.
' GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agtß..
10 Market street. San Francisco.
THE 0. R, & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folßom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FADE SI2 First Class Including Berth
IHIiL $8 Second Class and Meals. ~-
SCHEDULE OF FAILINGS:
0reg0n.:.......... .....May 6, 15. 24
Columbia..... May 9, 18. XI
State of California.. May 13, 21. SO
St. Paul $16 00 1 St. Louis $32 00
Kansas City 26 00 1 Chicago 27 50
Omaha 26 00 New York 3100
■ "■ E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market at.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
•NEW YORK, QUEENSTOWN, SOUTHAMP-
.■-.... . TON. .-.•:,».;'?**'
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, ANTWERP.
Steamers sail unfler , Belgian or British flags.
Kensington ....June 8 Noordland June 15
Berlin June 111 Frlesland June 22
PHILADELPHIA, QUEENSTOWN, LIVER-
POOL.
Steamers sail : under Belgian flag.
Waesland June 4 Rhynland June 11
EMPIRE LINE.
TO ALASKA AND ■ THE GOLDFIELDS.
Steamers formerly employed in trans- Atlantlo
services of the International Navigation Com-
pany and specially refitted for this service.
S. S. Ohio, 3500 tons, from Seattle, June 13.
S S. Indiana. 3500 tons, from Seattle, June 22.
S. S. Pennsylvania, 2500 tons, from Seattle,
June 29.
Connecting with the company's own fleet of
18 new and modern steamers and barges on the
Yukon River, through to Dawson City and
intermediate points.
For passage and freight apply to
.INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery St.
y" Or any of its Agencies.
xg£F*^ /OGSPSJ S9 S&SfI Sailing of June Ist
Kpt^rWs\^^^nE^' or H° nolulu canceled.
M Ha J-— -^ ' The s - s MOANA
©■Wailllfl Sailing of June Ist
• Pmifl!w' or Honolulu canceled.
fc" 1 . The S. S. MOANA
7a x / > T N sails via Honolulu and
»^^S^t{MfTi r ,h!n^ Auckland for Sydney
s^£s«.W G/ I **'"' J Wednesday. June 15,
*o^s*^ (o!lU3(tp.y-* at - p - m -
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPB
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight office— 327 Market St., San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantiquß.
; French Line to Havre. ,
: Company's Pier (new), 42 North _^»^a»
River - foot of Morton st. Travelers < .TfETT*>
lii- this line avoid both transit by**^*^**
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria Egypt, via Paris, first-class. JIM;
second-class, $116. ■ .. • _* ■ . ..
LA BOURGOGNE ....June 4, 10 a. m.
LA^ TOCRAIXE.... June 11, 10 a. m.
LA- GASCOGNE June 18. 10 a. m.
LA BBETAONB .........June 25, 10 a. m.
I. A BOURGOGNE. .•...- ....July 2.10 a.m.
COWAGNffi '"^IENERALE "TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent, : ■ _ , -■;
.... . No : - 3 , Bowling Green, New York.
'■•: J.F.FUOAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco. .. ; '*.:.
ANCHOR . LINE
•: United States Mall Steamships'.
Sail from New York every Saturday for -
Glasgow via Londonderry.
Rates for Saloon Passage— City ! of Rome, $60;
other steamers, $50. :;**"■".'■; '■'-:■'■'■. r-" r r";v
■ Second Cabin— Rome, 142 50; Fur: essta, $37 50;
other steamers 535.- •'. ' ■ • ;
■Steerage < Passage— Rome. $25 GO; Furnessia,
$?■! SO; other steamers,- $23 CO. .v ".'«.'.
For nook of Tours and Information," apply ,to
HENDERSON BROTHERS, General Agents. 7
Bowling; Green, Nev York: or J. T FUGAZI, .
5 Montgomery st. Kor L. F. COCKROFT, ■ 114
Montgomery st.; -or:R. * R. RITCHIE," I Mew t
Montgomery. St., San Francisco. '-. - ' ;-»i- : i;
1112
FORCED TO
OPEN THE
CASH BOX
Bold Crime of a Gang
of Highbinders.
ROB A FELLOW-COUNTRYMAN
INVADE HIS STORE AND AS
SAULT HIM WITH A BAR.
The Police Are Notified, and Every
Effort Is Being Made to Ap
prehend the Desperate
Men.
The police are investigating an unusual
ly bold robbery which occurred in the
Chinese quarter last Thursday morning.
The victim is Ting Sing, who conducts a
general merchandise store at 1020 Stock
ton street. According to his story, he was
seated behind the counter of his store,
when two of his fellow-countrymen en
tered. They claimed that they had ar
rived from Stockton and were anxious to
buy some provisions. While they were
enumerating a list of articles they de
:■!..: live other Chinese appeared. Rec
ognizing them as highbinders, the pro
prietor started to walk into a little room
in the rear of the store, when he was
attacked by one of the first visitors, who
struck him over the head with an iron
bar, cutting a deep gash.
me wounded Chm«.*>e smarted to shout
for help, when two of the highbinders
drew their revolvers, and, placing them
in dangerous prnximity to his head,
threatened to blow his brains out if he
persisted in making an outcry.
Realizing that they would not hesitate
to carry out their threat he agreed to re
main qiiiet while they searched the store
for valuables. In a tin box which was
under the counter was $70 in gold and sev
eral articles of jewelry. After searching
for some time the leader of the gang
found the box and compelled the helpless
proprietor to open it. He then took the
money, and. followed by his companion
in crime, left the place, after threaten
ing to return and set lire to the store.
After satisfying himself that the de
spoilers had gone the wounded Chinese
visited the office of a doctor, where the
cut in his head was stitched. Yesterday
he appeared before Judge Low and swore
out warrants for the arrest of his as
sailants. As they are known the police
confidently expect to arrest them.
MRS. DR. LAPHAME IN
ANOTHER SCRAPE
MISS EFFIE MORRISON KILLED
BY MALPRACTICE.
Dr. Popper Mixed Up in the Case.
Railroad Company Exonerated
From Blame for the Death
of William C. Antissll.
In the case of Miss Effle Morrison,
killed by a criminal operation, which was
before the Coroner yesterday, the Jury
brought in a free and easy verdict to the
effect that the deceased had come to her
death from a criminal operation performed
by a party or parties unknown.
Mrs. Dr. Goodwin, alias Lnphnme, who
has been mixed up in similar cases, testi
fied that wl i she was called upon to at
tend the deceased there were evidences
that some other doctor had violated the
law and endangered the life of the de
ceased. Dr. V. Popper of Kearny street
had attended the patient before she was
called.
Dr. William D. Clark, a regular physi
cian, repeated the story which he had
told to the reporters and the Coroner a
week before, to the effect that the de
ceased told him that Mrs. Dr. Goodwin
had performed a criminal operation upon
her.
The jury, however. Ignored this testi
mony and brought in the verdict against
unknown parties.
Dr. Popper began by swearing that he
was ;i doctor, and when he was asked as
t" the name of the college from which he
might have graduated he said that he
was not a doctor and thnt lie would not
answer any more questions, on the ground
that his answers might criminate him.
Coroner Hawkins held several other in
quests yesterday, the most important be
ing that on the case of the death of Wm.C.
Antisc-11. who fell oft" a car of the Mission
str. et electric line arid whose skull was
fractured by the fall. The witnesses tes
tified that Antisell boarded the car at the
r ( i" Market and Third streets and
tork up his position on the front plat
form. When the car got about half-way
between Third and Fourth streets on
Mission Antisell attempted to get off
without notifying the conductor or the
grlprr.an to stop the car. and in jumping
off from the middle step of the dummy
he fell on his back in the street and struck
so violently r-n the fcteck of his head that
his skull was fractured and he was ren
dered unconscious.
The jury returned a verdict to the ef
fect that the deceased came to his death
from injuries following a fractured skull
anu "that death was caused by the de
ceased accidentally falling from a Ms
sion-street car while the car was going
at a moderate rate of speed, and we fur
ther exonerate the railroad company from
all blame."
A verdict of accidental death was ren
dered in the case of Capitalist William
Miller, who was asphyxiated at his resi
dence. 17D9 Sutter street, by the gas pres
sure diminishing during the night and ex
tinguishing the flame while the deceased
was asleep.
A verdict of suicide was returned in
the case of James C. Cary. a retired law
yer, who shot himself through the head.
j. ij. Cary, a son of the deceased, testi
fied that his father was T.i years old. and
had been confined to the house by sick
ness for about three years. The deceased
had not spoken of eomtnitting suicide,
but had often said that he would not
want to live If he got so old that he
•would not be able to lake care of himself.
MILKMEN IN TROUBLE.
Dockery Sails Into the Milky -Ways
in the Early Morning.
Health Officer J. P. Dockery has mnde
Knottier bound into the milky way, and
as a result a few of the dairymen will
appear before the bar of justice to an
swer for their acts in attempting to palm
off diluted milk for the genuine article.
The following are those for whom war
rants have been sworn out: N. S. Nelson.
San Francisco. Mission road, between the
Five and Six Mile Houses; George A. fjlb
bons Fairmount ranch. Excelsior Home
stead; J. Stc ( le. Alderney dairy. 6)0 Fulton
street: Litzenstein, Popular Milk Com
pany, at 2410 Folsom street. In Litzen
stein's case Inspector Dockrry is deter
mined to have the law enforced vigor
ously, as the driver of tho wagon on
being stood up, gave th~ inspector the
name of the Seventeenth Mile Dairy, with
local residence 2.52 Eighteenth street, for
which Litzenstein had obtained a permit
on the 13th of February. IPM, but from
which he afterward withdrew and started
the Popular. In doing this the driver
Bought to mislead the Health Inspector
and direct his attention to an innocent
party. But Doclrery Is not a man to be
caught with chaff, and succeeded In locat
ing Litzenstetn'a dairy and bringing him
In on a warrant.
Burying Indigent Dead.
The Health and Police Committee of the
Supervisors had before it- yesterday
morning the bids of * the Pacific' Under
takers, Joseph -JTnjran £■ in.. .T. P fi
deau, Edward ,. Kelly . and McAvoy & Co.
for the burying of the city's indigent
dead for the next fiscal year. The
amounts asked were: Pacific Undertak
ers, $6 97; Hagan & Co., $8 25; Godeau,
$8 99; Kelly. $8 05; McAvoy, $9 55. These
figures were based on permission to inter
in San Francisco, but otherwise there
was a uniform bid of $16 for each body if
interred elsewhere. Objections were made
to giving the contract to Hagan & Co.
and Kelly on the grounds that they had
not been engaged in the undertaking
business during the six months imme
diately preceding the advertising for con
tracts. To get on the right side of this
legal snarl the matter was submitted to
the City and County Attorney for his
opinion.
HOUSES IN HARNESS.
The Pacific Coast Trotting Horse
Breeders' Association Now an
Incorporation.
The Pacific Coast Trotting-horse Breed
ers' Association is now an incorporated
institution. A meeting of the association
was called on Thursday at its rooms, 22V4
Geary street, which ww well attended by
local members. President E. P. Heald
officiated in the chair and the following
lni: .-i men%answered the rollr-all: N. D.
Judd. H. W. Meek. T. J. Crowley, A. G.
Gurnett, Robert Brown, C. A. Durfee, J.
M. Nelson. J. A. McKerron, A. H. Cohen,
Joseph Cairn Simpson, D. E. Knight, P.
W. Williams, W. G. Layng, Ira Dalzell.
D. L. Ilackett. A. Robinson, Dr. Leek and
Secretary F. W. Kelley.
It was expected that there would be
considerable debate over the motion to
incorporate, but it was passed without a
negative vote, and there being no further
business the meeting then adjourned.
SWEET WINES.
Output of This Important Product in
California for the Past Year.
Sweet wine experts have just completed
their figures relative to last year's output
of sweet wines by the wine growers of
California. The following are the fig
ures:
Port. 3,158.545.81 gallons; sherry. 2.372,
170.33; muscat. 721.GE5.2t; angelica, 748.656.20;
tokav. 11,771.99; Malaga. 11.014. 50; total sea
son 1897-98. 7.024,344.13; season 1596-97, 4,968,
339.21; season 1895-96. 6,183.819.87; season
1894-93, 4,242,600.41: season lS9:!-94, 4,724,595.62.
LITTLE DROPS COME
PATTERING DOWN
MUCH REJOICING IN THE OUT-
LYING DISTRICTS.
Light Showers All Along the Coast
Which Will Greatly Benefit
Farmers and Fruit
Growers.
Early yesterday morning the skies were
darkened, heavy clouds rolled over the
horizon, and, to the joy of hundreds, par
ticularly in the rural districts, the rain
came gently down.
Although very light, the Intermittent
showers which continued throughout the
day and night were looked upon as a
blessing. The rain conies too late in the
Beason to entirely save the crops, but
early enough to be beneficial. Much of
the "wheat, which otherwise would have
been entirely lost, may now attain a suffi
cient growth to make good straw, but
the grain will be very little benefited.
The rain is still early enough to help the
orchard crop, and will be worth thou
sands of dollars to fruit-growers.
Showers were reported all along the
coast and creeping steadily inland. There
was a large area of low pressure between
the Rockies and Sierras, which made a
strong indraught of air along the
coast At the headquarters of the
Weather Service in the top of the Mills
building the little electrical machine re
corded a rainfall of four-hundredths of
an inch and wind velocity of twelve miles
an hour. Light showers are predicted for
to-day and possibly to-morrow.
MEMORIAL DAY.
Elaborate Plans of Observance by
George H. Thomas Post. O. A. R.
George H. Thomas Post No. 2, Q. A. R.,
I>. partment of California and Nevada,
has made elaborate plans for decorating
the soldier graves in the national ceme
tery at the Presidio on Memorial Day,
Monday, May 30.
The exercises conducted under the aus
pices of this post are always impressive
and beautiful, and this year' a observance
will not be lacking in any of the features
of appropriate respect to the memory of
the honored dead.
The organizations participating in the
celebration will assemble at the Central
avenue entrance to the Presidio at 10:30
a. m., May 30. The colr.inn will movft
promptly at 11 o'clock in the following
order:
Grand marshal, J. B. L,aurk; chief of staff.
Captain F. d<- I. Carrlnston, V. S. A.; aides,
el K. A. Denlcke. Captain P. L. Naph
taly. Harvey Rurdell; Third t'nit»-d States Ar
tillery Hand; Vnited States Troops; sailors
and. marines., I'nltcd States Navy; I'nltnd
States Volunteers; Slsnal Cnrps. N. G. C :
Hoys' Brigade, Companies F and G; Veteran
Guard, O. A. R. ; carriaK^. orator and chap
lain; George EL Thomas Post No. 2. G. A. R. :
Son* of American Re-volution; Liberty Post
No. 133, G. A. R.; Son? of Veterans; Veterans
of the Mexican War: Garrisons Qf Regular
Army and Navy Union; other organizations
and guests.
Following will constitute the programme
of exercises at the cemetery:
Ritual services at the monument by George
11. Thoma.o Post, G. A. R.. .1. Murray Bailey, i
commander; overture, Third United States Ar
tillery Band; prayer, Rev. ■F. B. Cherlnßton;
hymn, quartet; Lincoln's Gettysburg address.
Comrade Sclden Sturges; anthem. Third United
States Artillery Band; oration. Comrade \V. i
H. L. Barnes; "Tenting on the Old Camp
Ground," quartet: taps: "Star Spangled Ban
ner," Third. United Stntes Artillery Band.
METERS MADE TO RUN.
The Fower of a Magnet Demonstrates
Strange Things at the City Hall.
It has been asserted that the electric
1 meters at the City Hall have been tam
pered with. This information was con
veyed to the Finance Committee of the
. Supervisors yesterday by a representa
i tive of the Gas and Electric Company.
Superintendent Smith of the Edison
Company attended the meeting and made
a practical test for the purpose of show
ing how it was possible to accelerate the
motion of an electric meter by bringing
i its mechanism within the field of a pow
1 erful electro magnet. A meter was set
1 upon the committee room table and put
in operation, when by a single applica
1 tion of an electro magnet Mr. Smith ac
' celerated its motion 21 per cent.
It was stated on behalf of the company
that it was absolutely certain that some
, person had Intentionally tampered with
i the meters.
A great many questions were asked by
I the members of tho committee regarding
1 the workings of the meters, and In order
! to get more light upon the question the
'. matter was continued until the next
meeting.
Reid, White and Blue.
I There Is a magnficently martial air about
Town Talk this week, with its patriotic
cover, adorned with a portrait of Colonel
; Smith, and its collection of heroes' por
traits within the red. white and blue
covers. A review of the book of the Pre
sidio officer's wife, Mrs. Worthington,
with a portrait of th<» author, is timely.
: There are war stories, war poems and
! war editorials, and altogether the num
ber is lust the one everybody will wish
to send to far away friends as a souvenir
I of this martial season. •
This Week's Wasp.
The Wasp this week is an attractive
number. Of the cartoons, the one satir
izing the control of our army and navy
by the Hoard of Strategy at Washington,
and another on the manufacturing of uni
forms for our soldiers by Chinese, are
worthy of mention. Space is devoted to
I half tones of the departing soldiers. There
| are also a number of pictures of the
prize dogs in the late kennel club ex
! hihition. The Oid Maid describes her ox
: periences at one of the Springs, and fake
| loan companies are treated to an expose
In the "Under the X-Ray" column. Ysaye
and other musical events of the week are
| handled by Professor R. A. Lucchesl. Son
! ator Mulrooney casts some light on the
i Inner doings of local politicians, and In
the Plain Talk to Public Characters the
Rev. H. D. Bovard and other clergymen
are reviewed.
The Star's victory. Read what Editor
Barry has to say. •
THE SAST FB AN CISCO CAIX, SATTTBPAY, MAY 28, 1898,
WEALTH IN
OUR ROCKS
Mineral Yield Increased
by a Million.
ONE YEAR'S RICH RECORD
THIRTY-FIVE SUBSTANCES IN
THE COMMERCIAL LIST.
Twenty-Five Millions of New Wealth
Produced by California Last
Year— How It Is
Divided.
Here Is the grand record for California
for 1597 as the greatest mineral State of
the Union, all things considered. The in
crease for the year is near $1,000,000. This
State has for the first time in its history
now taken second place as a gold pro
ducer, but in the variety of its mineral
products California yet proudly main
tains its prestige. Its pre-eminence as a
i gold producer is certain soon to return
i to it. and meantime the variety of its
' mineral products is as great as the vari
ety of its fruits, and in both mineral and
horticultural fields it is matchless.
The figures here given are wholly those
of considerable present commercial im
! portance. The diamonds, amethysts, etc.,
of California, which treble or sextuple
the list of the State's mineral resources,
are not mentioned. In round figures the
State's mineral production, as compiled
i for the State Mining Bureau by Statisti
| cian Charles G. Yale, is as follows:
Antimony, tons « 5 ° t '
AFphalt. tons 22,61', 404,300
bituminous rook. term.... *•>.*'» SaM
Cement, barrels 18,000 • ,^ > S??i
el*,: h = d ::::: || gg
g^r^a;::::::::::::».&Si •jjfcSj
KHeVcubVcVeei:::::::: ;»:jw m-m
Gypsum, tons 2.200 U2jO
Infusorial earth, tons o **>
I Lead, pounds 696. 20.2*
I Lime, barrels 287,800 2 :,--^
' Limestone, tons 36,. »6 •£•;•*
: Macadam, tons 487,911 3U.O*.
Magnetite, tons U« •*••"
Manganese tons *>* ♦.»-«
i Marble, cubic feet 4.152 7.a«
Mineral paint, pounds.... J.U6.WO mssss
i Mineral waters, gallons.. 1.jj05.192 34j.563
Natural gas, cubic feet... 63. 920.000 € r .60,
; Paving blocks, thousand. 1,711 *.*» .
' Platinum, ounces 1&0 •''
! Petroleum, barrels I>9 iH^ "3 443
Quicksilver, flasks 26.6 3 993.445
■ Hubble, tons 3 ji--} 2 , T-t'-^
la^st^-VubWfeei::::: ™.j»* vi'ftifi
Sandstone, cubic feet W.OOO ".OSb
Serpentine, cubic feet.... 2..M 4-*'-v,4 -*'-v,
Silver -• 2Su6
Slate, squares ::::::::::::: ~"» HO'OOO
: Soda, tons 6.000 *' '• r ™
Total *25.142,441
In 1596 the total value of the mineral
product of the State was $24,281,398 and in
She reUtl $ ve' & rank 4 'of the counties of the
The relative rank of the counties of the
State, In point of mineral productions is
given in thcfollowing table. In each case
the value given includes that of all min
eral substances combined produced in the
respective counties for the year. borne
counties produce in addition to gold and
silver live six or seven other substances,
while other counties, which yield little or
no gold or silver, produce in large quan
tities quicksilver, mineral oils, lead, as
phalt, structural materials, etc. Ihe fig
urea after the names of the counties in
dicate aggregate value of all mineral
products tor the year, including the pre
cious metals. The term "undistributed
includes total values of such substances
as are grouped to avoid disclosing private
business, as in the case of single opera
tions In a county. In the large and com
plete tables published by the State Mining
Bureau, from which these, Insures are
taken, the amount and value of each sub
stance in said county is set forth. It is
therefore necessary in some cases to place
the figures in the "undistributed column:
i-sbMt. «£«£«?
• 2— Nevada I'sii'^es
i 3— Tuolumne { f SJ's2
4-Los AnKt'les M-Hrt
5-Placer • i JiS'Sw
6-Calaveras ••::::::::::::: H«'~X
7-Amador ,«»S2
I B— San Bernardino H -<vi
9-Trinlty 1,10i,961
10-Kcrn *$***
11-Slßklyou lt?\V->
12-E1 Dorado ::::::":::::::: 832
13-liutte .-• 555-? iS
14--Sqh Diego : 8? 25
IS Mono £??*r»;
Hi -Napa «?"aS <
. 17— Santa Barbara •••• T-.V™- !
l«. Mariposa •"•?'
19— Sierra ■ «s?m
28 Ventura |™'f!*
1 21-I'lumaa :,;■;;;;
22-Inyo Si'«n
: O-Alameda gg.JBO
. 24- Santa Clara SO-???
1 2&-Humlx>l(lt 290.. il
I "- ■ nta Cruz .'. 242.941
07 1.1,, 211.131
£ i — Uil I**- .••»««««««•.■"" Oil! Fill
2S-SHcrnmrnto SJJ'SK
29-H!verflde :. \-c?A
Hun Benlto • • Jsr2«
Sl-Yuhn 141,035
32-Madrra • .ii. ii)>
r.3— Sonoma ::::;;;:::::::;::::.*:::::::::::: SMS
3J— San Francisco })i'vii
35-Frrsno • VcHln
M Contra Costa 'X
37— Marln i!"--' 1 ?
I*— San Joaquln '■'•«]»
Jt-bwn S'SS
40-San Hateo 40.000
41— Stanislaus 39,21.
42— Solano oinle
43- San Luis Oblspo 25.016
44-Tulare ?'*'*•
45— Del Norte'. 16..10
46-Ornnge • . If®*
47-Colupa 3.ZjW
| 4»-Tehama • • ■ • 2.400
: 49— Monterey r>Zi?l
DO— Undistributed • ' ____l!
Total U6.MM4I
In ISW all the antimony produced in
California was from Kern County As
phaltum was produced in Kern and Santa
Barbara counties; bituminous rock in
Santa Cruz and San Luis Oblspo. Brick
clay in quantities was utilized in Alameda,
Ruite Kern, Los Angeles, Marln. Sacra
mento Santa Clara, San Joaquin, San
Francisco and Shasta counties. The ce
ment all came from San Bernardino. Clay
for pottery was from Amador, Placer,
Riverside, 'Sacramento and Solano coun
ties The coal was from Alameda, Ama
dor Contra Costa and Riverside coun
ties and the copper from Calaveraa, Ne
vada and Shasta counties. The granite
produced was from Madera, Nevada,
Placer, Sacramento, San Luis Obispo,
Solano and Tulare; gypsum from Los An
geles and San Benitn; infusorial earth
from Los Angeles, and lead from. Inyo
and Mono counties. The lime and lime
stone came from El Dorado, Kern. Mono,
Monterey, San Benito, San Bernardino,
Santa Cruz. Shasta, Solano and Tulare
counties. Macadam was quarried in large
quantities in Alameda, Los Angeles,
Marin, Sacramento, San Benito, San
Francisco, Solano and Sonoma counties.
The magneslte was all from Napa Coun
ty; manganese from Alameda; marble
from Amador and San Luis Obispo, and
mineral paint from Calaverafi, Sonoma, ]
Riverside and Stanislaus counties. Min
eral waters were bottled and sold from
Butte, Colusa, Contra Costa, Fresno,
Humboldt. Lake. Monterey, Napa, Santa
Barbara, San Benito, Santa Clara, San
Diego, San Luis Obispo, Sonoma and Te
hama counties. The natural gas is main
ly from San Joaquin, though a little is
utilized in Santa Barbara County. Pav
ing blocks are from Sacramento. Solano
and Sonoma. The platinum is from Sls
kiyou and Del Norte. Petroleum is from
Fresno, Los Angeles, Orange, Santa Bar
bara. Santa Clara and Ventura counties.
Quicksilver was produced In Colusa, Lake,
Napa San Benito, Santa Clara, San Luis
Obispo Sonoma and Trinity counties.
Rubble in quantities was quarried in
Humboldt, Placer, San Diego, San Fran
cisco. Sacramento, San Luis Obispo and
San Mateo counties. Salt came from Ala
meda, Colusa, Riverside and San Diego;
sandstone from Colusa and Yolo; serpen
tine from Los Angeles; slate from El
Dorado, and soda from Inyo. Many of
these substances are found in other coun
ties than those named, but were only
mined in 1897 in the counties stated. Only
three counties produced as many as seven
different mineral substances in 1R97, and
these were Los Angeles, Sacramento and
San Luis Obispo.
Aa far as the largest production of dif
ferent substances was concerned the |
"banner counties" of 1897 were as fol
lows: Alameda County leads in produc
tion of manganese and salt: Amaaor in
marble; Colusa, sandstone; Contra Costa,
coal; El Dorado, slate; Humboldt, rub
ble; Inyo. lead and soda; Kern, anti
mony; Los Angeles, brick clay, gypsum,
infusorial earth, serpentine and petro
leum; Napa, magnesite, quicksilver and
mineral waters; Nevada, gold; Riverside,
pottery clay; Sacramento, granite; San
Bernardino, borax and cement; ban
Francisco, macadam; San Joaquin, natu
ral gas; Santa Barbara, asphaltum: ban
ta Cruz, bituminous rock, lime and lime
stone; Shasta, copper and silver; bisKi
you, platinum; Sonoma, mineral paint
and paving blocks.
It is to be noted that only one county
has the lead in five things— Los Angeles;
two lead in three articles— Napa and San
ta Cruz, and five in two— Alameda, Inyo,
San Bernardino, Shasta and Sonoma.
MISS BARBIER'S ANSWER.
Alleges That Harry Emeric Struck
Her and Drove Her From
His House.
The Emeric will contest came up In
Judge Troutt's department of the Superior
Court yesterday morning. A simple mo
tion to strike out certain portions of the
amended complaint constituted the day s
proceedings, and those who came expect
ing to enjoy a sensation or two went away
disappointed. The case will alain,b^a l ain , b^
taken up next Friday, and the hearing
may proceed.  , .^
Miss Lorena Myrtle Barb er, legatee
under the will of Mrs. Emeric, has hied
her answer to the contest of Harry numer
ic, husband of the deceased. Miss Bar
bier's answer intimates that had she de
sired she might have succeeded her de
ceased sister as the wife of Emeric. She
produces a number of love letters from
the contestant alleged to have been writ
ten within a week after his wife s death,
and has placed one in the hands of the
court. She denies that the contestant edu
cated and supported her. and that she in
fluenced Mrs. Emeric to make a will in
her favor. Miss Barbier alleges that she
was forced to leave Emerie s house on
account of his brutal treatment, and
states that at one time he struck her, using
a small dog as a weapon, and continued
to strike her until the dog was dead. Other
stories of a similar nature are expected
to crop up during the trial, and an inter
esting session Is expected.
LEAVE THE CONVENT
FOR THE WORLD
CLOSING EXERCISES AT THE
SACRED HEART.
Four Graduates Receive the Honors
of the School After a Highly
Successful Course of
Studies.
Four young maidens finished their
schoolgirl days yt.Merday at the Convent
of Our Lady of the Sacred Heait ill Oak
land and entered upon the rjal of real
life.
The closing ?xercises at the aforemen
tioned institution were the preaiest that
have taken place therein sotrm time.
Everywhere abounded the class flower,
the California poppy, as well as the class
motto. "Lifting J letter up to Best. lhe
programme, though brief, showed the ex
cellent training of the girls in the accom
plishments of music and elocution. Miss
Emma Kennessy won the heart of the au
dience while reciting "Mario, the Tenor,
and the little ones amused them by re
citing "The Little Quaker Sinner." The
instrumental and vocal pieces were ex
cellent, particularly the piano duet, Op
eratic Fantasia." and the chorus by the
singing class. "The Sunset Glow."
The four young ladies who received
their medals, diplomas and laurel wreaths
from Archbishop Riordan are Victoria
Downey. Margaret Ennis, Emma Fennes
sey and Lillian Parker. Their essays,
which were read the evening previous,
wore of the highest order and proved to
the assembly the excellence of their work
as schoolgirls.
Mis:- Victoria Downey read the closing
address, and In a few brief words tola
how s;td the parting with the days of
childhood was. She also thanked the au
dience for Its kind wishes.
The Reverend Archbishop responded,
and gave the graduates his blessing upon
their entry into the world.
Miss Margaret Ennis read a paper on
"Leo XIII." and during her reading she
touched on the present war and the Pope's
relation to it.
Miss Lillian Parker received a beautiful
gold medal for "Christian Doctrine. BOc
having received the highest number of
credits in that study.
The programme was as follows:
"I)n;a Grande Vaise de Concert" (Hoist),
piano duet; "The Moonlit Tide (Ooldbeck),
chorus; "Mlrella dl Gounod," mandolins,
pianos, harp, violin; "Gualberto's Victory,"
Bret elocution clas<H; "Operntlc Fantasia" <10p-
Ftein), piano dn^t: "Mario the Tenor," recita
tion; "Th.^ Sunset Glow" (Root), chorus; "The
Little Quaker Sinner," Heeond elocution clnse;
"Improvif-uto Valzer," violins, harp, guitar,
piano; conferring of graduating honors; ad
dress.
'"Mosaics." Miss Victoria Downey. San Fran
cisco. Cal.: Leo XIII," Miss Margaret I.
Ennls, Gold Hi.«. Nev. ; "Present Day Prog
ress." Miss Emma C. Fennessey. Oakland.
rr n \ ; "The Ideal in Art and Fiction," Miss
Lillian A. Parker. Salinas, Cal.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
S Downs. Valle.li> j M Sherlock. Davlsvlle
J McArdle. San Jose C R Crosby, Monterey
(' L Burke, Slsaona R Hoxall. Nevada Cy
J F Marks. S Rr.sa J Peterson, Callstoga
S Brown, Valley Spgs M Brown, Denver
J Flndlater, R Vista M Whelan, Mass
Mrs M Powers L Ang Mrs Smith, Vanconvr
Miss Chadwlck, LAnr W McNaughtun, Scot-
N V Vemon, Cal land
C McElroy, Fresno H Vivian, Rodeo
H Jackson, Ontario .1 Shepherd, Malaga
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J A Powell & \v. Sacto'J II Armstrong. Denvr
M A Little. Berkeley IE Wolf. Bacto
E Delmody, Oakland H H Groves, Stockton
L X Godfrey, Cal T H Brown. Stockton
E L Foster. Yailejo G Emde. Stockton
W W Roller. V S A C Drandes. Prescott
Mrs Mitrhell, Napa D V Mahoney. Cal
E H Knapp, Boston ? J Dunlop. Fresno
R W Doig. P.oston Mrs I. Spencer. Cal
C B Porter. Los Ang M Douglass. Fresno
Mrs R G Anderson.Cal J ? Miller, Pa
W G Smith. Marysville I n le Roy. Cal
W B Parker Jr. Cal E C Coffin & w. Utah
J J Sandps, Marysville R C Long. Randsburg
W E Peck, Sta Cruz
GRAND HOTEL.
G H Jackson* w.Yuba Mrs Wemberlle. X T
W F Knox, Sacto E M Brown. Boston
J W Montgomery. Chico .1 Rice, Visalia
R S Brown. Petaluma J Browning, Grand I
J B Patterson. Cal C Short, Boston
M J Eweller. Cal S E Molden, Napa
H Coleman, Cal \V S Peterson. Sacto
W Gale. Cal R N Bulia. Los Ang
J N Wood&w, Stoektn C A Wall, Stanford
E A Lynch, England G D Fiske, Woodland
\V C Parker, Kenwood I C A Whitmore. Portln
J G Griffin. Los Ang |W w Turnoy. Campbll
G W Smith. Boston J Thanpen, Ind
B T McCullough. Cal Anna Fllne, Stanford
H H Spencer. Utah 0 Fllne. Stanford
S Dnvis, i tah J McGonifrle. Ventura
A Jackson & w. Chgo D A Capper, Juneau
G C Fox. Victoria C Goodrell. Pollard
C D Wild. London F C Glhbons&w. Stock
J B Warden, B C F M Shaw. San Diego
PALACE HOTEL.
Miss Brown, Stanford F G King. S Cruz
M A Carle Stanford J B Grimes. Baltimore
E W Lyle. USA G F Simonds. Cal
L W Noyes. Chicago Major Pickands, Chgo
R D Stephens, Sacto Mrs Plckands. Chgo
Kate Duggan, Sacto C W AUer. Germany
Mrs H May & m, N T F E Brittingham & w.
Miss McKeever. N V Madison
Mrs F Klein, la J M Illxon, La Crosse
J G Blalne Jr, Me Mrs R Passomre, Minn
W Merritt, USA Mrs H Harrison, Minn
S H Strother, USA A A Thorndike & w,
H C Hale, USA Mass
T B Mott, USA Mrs S Thorndike, Mass
Miss F Hopper, Cal G Brockman. Hambrg
H Welnstock. Sacto I> Jarvis. Detroit
R We-instock, Sacto Mrs D Jarvis. Detroit
T J Srhuyler, Cal T T Marsh. Conn
G L Seward, Stanford Mrs T T Marsh, Conn
R H White. USA W Walchter. China
S W Lothrop, NY E A Beers, N V
H R Cutler, Boston F X Wilson. Butte
J W Mitchell, L Ang J M Sherrerd, N V
L S McLain & w, Colo W O Owens, N V
J D Yost, Boston 3 O Hassan, N V
A W Tryon & w Bost Mrs J O Hassan, N V
E Carey &w, Boston C McClure, USA
W Van Antwerp, Bost O J McClure, USA
Miss Van Antwerp, Bn J Madison, Fresno
Miss Hochstater, Bost E 8 Morlne. Irvlngton
J A Knight, Boston A Assiauck, Vienna
H F Wilklns, Omaha Mrs Elam. London
H Schulz, Bremen J A Hicks. S Jose
M Matson, Braeford C J Davol. R I
Mrs J N Peyton, 2 c & T R Whenloek, China
m. Brasford Mrs Wheelock. China
E J Dubbs, L Ang Miss Wheelock, China
11 G Brown, Bodie E Gerecke, China
A Alexander, Pa J Lambie, N V
V H Hallett. Riohmnil V A Dodge, X V
E E Holbrook & w. Va M. Delafoud, Paris
Miss M Holbrook. Va Mrs Delafoud, Paris
Miss M S Holbrook, Va C II Converse, Eng
Mlsb A B Day, X V J D Wright. N V
Miss Thurston, N V Gen yon Gottberg & w.
Miss A Thurston, N V Germany
J B Peakes. S Cruz Col yon Oertzen St w,
F L King, S Cruz Germany
■ ♦ ■
Socialists to Meet.
The State convention of the Socialist
Labor party will be held at Turk-street
Temple at 10 a. m. to-morrow. Job Harrl
man, who debated with Congressman Ma
gulre, will be the speaker of the event next
Sunday at Washington Hall, 35 Eddy
street.
■♦ » —
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived May 27— Schr No
komi6, from San Pedro. ,
PORT GAMBLE-Salled May 27— Nor ship
Prince Robert, for Port Plrie.
TACOMA-Arrlved May 27— Ship Columbia,
hence May 17. Sailed-Barge Admiral, for St.
Michael.
SAILED. .
Friday. May 27.
Stmr Coquille River, Thompson, for Fort
Bragg.
ARRIVED. .
Friday, May 27.
Stmr State of California, Greene, 49 hours
from Portland via Astoria.
SAM FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mißsion street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock,
2626 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1605 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Encampment No. ■ 1. f<^
I. O. O. F., meets THIS (SATUR- X
DAY) EVENING. Patriarchal degree. /\
All invited. H. C. GEORGE, ScW X
H. C. GEORGE. Scribe.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2, _<s.-ftWtt&fr.
I. <->. O. F. — Regular meeting ~xjnOP£=
THIS EVENING. Third degree
wlll be conferred. ,1 
A. K. KINGBFORD. D. M.
THIRTY-SECOND grand annual v C 7 »v
gathering and games of the Cal- Jji \Mx>j
ed#nlan Club of San Francisco. ~T»-Al l *
SATURDAY, May 23, at Shell
Mound Park. Berkeley. The best athletes on
the coast will compete In the different events,
for which valuable prizes will be awarded.
The Sacramento and Stockton. Caledonian
clubs will be present in a body. Dancing In
the pavilion and numerous other attractions.
JOHN REID. Chief.
JAMES H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
TWENTY-EIGHTH annual picnic and w-jfcfv^J
reunion of the Austrian Benevolent Qr£?li3
Society will be he'd at Germania Gar- JwrJS 5
dens. . Presidio, SUNDAY, May 29. VTSbw
Admission. 25 cents; children under 15
years, free. COMMITTEE.
ORDER Sons of St. George CfjK^
Picnic— eleventh annual /_^SEfi'Vr
- picnic will be held at Glen- £*ZfK7,PT\
wood, in the Santa Cruz t^gLXr*>>. «i^^
Mountains, on MONDAY, )VH\A
May 30. There will be prizes f\|r^n»
and games for the old and m • \flP?* r^V
the young. Remember the >a^sat£t>«b
good time we had last year. <^*£g!^&3*
Tickets— Adults. $1; children. 50 cents. Leave
narrow gauge at 7:45 and 8:45.
JAMES HALL, President.
FRANK TVINTERBURN, Secretary.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow shams, table covers,
towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at tbe Pio-
neer l>ry Ooodl Btore, lOr. Fifth st.
BAD tenants ejected for |4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41'> Montgomery St.. room 6; tel. t.'.SO.
MISS L. DEAN, 917 Market; parlors 11 and 12.
Turkish baths and massage treatment.
ANNA RAY PALMER, genuine massage and
vapor baths. Room 1, 147 Powell st.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from the East— Baths,
massage; anslstfints. 2fl Grant aye., room 5.
MISS WILLIAMS. 101 M; Grant aye., cor. Geary.
room IS; vapor and cabinet baths.
ALVINE HALT/ and assistant: genuine cabinet
baths, im Turk and 1118 Market, rmi. 16-16.
MMX. HAXSKN. latest Ralvanlc battery and
cabinet bnths. llfi Taylor st.
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
bnths. UT'H Geary st., room 11.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
ROOMS papered from $2 58; whitened. 11. Hart-
mnnn Paint Co., fU3 Third st. and 2Sas 24th.
MISS VIOLA BI'RWELL of New Orleans;
baths and massage. Ills Market st., rm. 8.
MISS MAY'S genuine electric treatment for
lhoumatism. 10!) Grant aye., room 4.
61.'. LARKlN— Brnnch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
DIVIDEND NOTICE".
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. SI (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company wl.. be payable at the office of the
company. 3"7 Market St., on and after
Wednesday. June 1, IS9B. Transfer books
will close on Thursday. May 2ii, IS9B, at 3
o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHKT.Df*, Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
NEAT, young, strong Irish girl desires situa-
tion as first-class cook; best reference; city
or country. MIPS CUF.LEN, 323 Sutter St.
WORKING housekeeper; no objection to 1 or
2 children. Apply MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
COMPETENT French second girl desires situa-
tion or as nurse; best of references. MISS
CTLKN, 325 Sutter st.
YOUNG German, also Swedish girls, desire
situations to do cooking and housework; best
of references. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st.
COMPETENT young woman wishes to se-'urt:
a permanent situation to care for children;
will assist with studies; can do upstairs worji;
will travel or go short distance in country;
references; wages $2".. Call or address 701
Stockton st., cor. California.
STEADY reliable Danish Rirl wishes situation
as second girl; best city references. Addre»3
2951 Twenty-llrst st., near Folsom.
F.ASTEKN lady wishes position to work in
country or do housekeeping. 45 Mtnna Bt.,
between First and Second.
MEXICAN Kirl, speaking English and Spanish,
wishes position to mind child or do light
housework. Box 4. r .07, Call office.
WANTED— Situation as chambermaid, wait-
ress or housekeeper; references. Call or ad-
dress 980% Mission st.
POSITION wantrd as working housekeeper;
kind to children. Box 4.'iOS, Call office.
WOMAN wants housework; a good cook. Call
or address ISO" Mission st.
CARE of grown children; wages $10. Address
L. H.. 1239 OFarrell St.
POSITION wanted as restaurant cashier or
saleslady by a young lady of good ap
pearance, with some knowledge of book-
keeping; can furnish recommendations. Ad-
dress H. D. E.. box 4327. this office.
RELIABLE elderly woman would assist In
light housework In a small family and make
herself useful. Box 4">6. Coll office.
COMPETENT girl wishes situation to do sec-
ond work and wait on table; best references.
Please call or address 34S Hayes at.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation as
housekeeper or to mind children. 454 Jessie.
LAUNDRESS wishes situation In hotel or
boarding house; references; first-class cook.
Call or address 927 Vi Washington st., M. S.
RUTLEDCK.
DRESSMAKER wishes few more engagements
by the day; terms $1 50 <ay; ref. 503 Jones.
RELIABLE woman would like sewlnz to do
at home. MRS. EFPIE SIMON. ISO 7 Harri-
son Ft.
SITUATIONS WASTED-MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414V4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Matne 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. G4O Clay st.
SITUATION wanted by a Dane, aged 50; was
working 14 years in Oakland as coachman:
gardener or "man about place; has some ex-
perience In cooklns. baking and housework;
Is a total abstainer; left last place for
Alaska; good references. Call or address 331
Kearny St., room 36.
GERMAN, strictly sober and reliable, wants
situation as man about place or as porter;
good with horses; handy with tools; good
references. Box 4504, Call office.
POSITION desired by thorough double entry
bookkeeper of 15 years" experience: who also
understands telegraphy; married; age 38
years. Box KM. '"all office.
MEN for all kinds of work can be had on
shortest notice free of charge at C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.'S Employment Agency, 104 Geary
st. Telephone Grant 185.
MACHINIST and tool maker accustomed to
Jigs and tools for the production of duplicate
parts, turret tools, dies, etc. Address box
4502. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER seeks permanent situation or
T»'"uld undertake to come for speclflced hours
per day for several business men. Box 4553.
Call office.
WANTED— A position as traveling salesman:
very best of references given. Box 4506, Call.
YOITNQ man would like position In machine
shop; has had experience. Box 4510, Call.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
YOUNG~man~2I years of age desire* position,
wholesale house preferred; 4 years in laei
place; will give references. Address box 4522,
Call effice^
TOT'NG man wants employment evenings and
Sundays; willing to do anything; can furnish
excellent references. Address M. F. J., box
4511, Call office.
CARPET-LAYER wishes situation; furniture
store or will go out by day; cleans and relays
carpets $1 50 per Jay. Address 2211 San An-
tonio aye., Alameda.
HONEST, reliable man would like a position In
a private family: can drive horses, milk cows,
etc. Address box 4529. Call office.
SCANDINAVIAN gardener, 35 years old, single,
desires a position; first-class references. Ad-
dress 1322 Tenth St., Oakland.
WATCHMAKER and engraver. first class,
wants position with first-class house. C. C.
WATSON, care International Hotel.
FIRST-CLASS meat cook In hotel. European
plan; also wife as chambermaid; years of ex-
perience. Address box 4526, Call office.
WANTED— Work at paper-hanging by a first-
claps man. Address HALL. 1149 Mission st.
TO Butchers— A young man sef-ks employment
In the country: shop, slaughter house or
wagon. Address W. LINES, 653 Folsom St.,
near Third.
SITUATION as care-taker of gentleman's place
during summer or permanent. Box 70,
Heahlsburg. Cal.
NURSE; Al surgical, with hospital references;
gives massage; would travel. Address box
4515, Call Office^
BOOKKEEPER— Competent, first-class double
entry and correspondent, desires position of
trust; Al city references. Box 4563, Call.
STEADY young German wishes position on a
gentleman's place; good horseman: can milk:
good references; small wages. Box 4587, Call.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St., near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
A uuuti, iiv, second girl, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
A COLORED nurse, sleep home, $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
A WORKING housekeeper. $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl, 2 in family, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A REFINED German or French nursery gov-
erness. $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
A NURSE, $15. MISS CULLED, 2iu Sutter st.
A NX7RSE girl, $10. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st.
3 WAITRESSES for Santa Cruz for June 1: 2
■ hotel cooks, German and American, $25 and
$30, for summer resorts; waitress, small coun-
try place, $15; 4 restaurant waitresses, city
and country. $5 and $6. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
SWEDISH laundress, plain institution work.
$25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
CANVASSER for novelties. $1 a day and ex-
penses. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
GIRL, Oakland, 20; San Rafael, $20; cook, San
Rafael, $25, small family; Gilroy, $20; and
other places, city and country, $15, $20, $25;
nurse girl, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
WANTED — Girl to do general housework by
the day and woman to do washing by the
day. Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO., 112
Geary st.
SECOND girl and laundress, $25; cook and
housework, 3 In family, a short distance, $25;
3 German and Scandinavian second girls, $20;
French nurse, $20; 2 waitresses. $20 and $5
week; and girls for cooking and housework.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
NEAT sirl. housework. American family, city.
$15; nice place. MURRAY & READY. 634
and 636 Clay st.
2 WAITRESSES, different country hotels, $20;
ranch cook, $20:' housework girl, city, $20.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
SEVERAL salesladies, office clerks, hotel and
shop hands to-day. 313 Push.
SALESWOMAN, dry goods and also for glove
department; good references. 1239 Market.
HOTEL, shop, office and store clerks. Ladles"
Exchange; strictly confidential; 1231* Market.
WANTED — Competent girl for general house-
work In small American family, $20 month.
233 Third aye., Richmond District; take
Geary cars.
PUPILS wanted at Rood's Dressmaking
School; work solicited; prices very cheap. 207
Taylor.
NU.RSEOIRL for country, near Menlo; wages
$10. Call mornings at 1636 Hyde st.
YOUNG girl for light housekeeping. 1311
Maaon st.
WANTED— Lady piano player. Apply at Daw-
son City Hotel, 230 East st.
WANTED— GirI in Mill Valley to tend chil-
dren; $S month. Apply 956 Mission st.
r,(>< >i> apprentice wanted; paid while learn-
ing. Apply 236 Ellis st.
WANTED — Girl or middle-aged woman for
housework. 716 Green st. I
WANTED— A German woman from 30 to 40
years old for light housework and cooking;
$12. Call at 402 Pacific st.
OPERATORS on ladies' underskirts; power and
steady work. L. E. NEWMAN, 523 Market.
WANTED— OM for general housework; mod-
erate wages. 17J5 Broderlck St.
YOUNG girl for general housework; German
preferred; family two; no washing, no win-
dows; $15. 1909 Vallejo st.
WANTED— First-class finisher, good wages,
on custom coats. 626 Minna st.
LEARN dressma. ng and millinery; positions
tree; patterns 25c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
YOUNG lady bookkeeper; state experience and
salary expected. Address W. F., box 05, Call.
J>H WISH, the ladies' specialist, 1118 Market
st.; monthly troubles, etc., cured at once.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School, 1079 Market
Bt. ; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
6J5 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Ci...
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
HELP WAN TED- MALE.
CHEF cook. $60; exceptional good country Job.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
12 COOKS for different places. $60, $RO, $40, $25
and $30; 6 waiters for different places; 6 dish-
washers. $20, $25 and $15. MURRAY &
READY, C 34 and 636 Clay St.
LAUNDRY HELP
3 washers for country laundries, Nnpa, Santa
Clara and Yolo counties, $30 and found. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 CWiyjst.
3 IRONERS for a large laundry, $1 50 day.
MURRAY & READT, 634 and 636 Clay St.,
Leading Employment Agents.
26 MINERS- — ■
Wanted for a great gravel mine, $2 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.,
Leading Employment Agents.
36 LABORERS for the mines and smelters,
*2 50, S2 10 and $1 80 day: steady, good Jobs
for different corporations. MURRAY &.
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
S MEN to clear land, cut brush, etc., for a San
Francisco corporation, fare 25c, $20 and found;
26 farm hands for different places. $26, $2.'), $20
and $15 per month and found; 6 milkers, $25
and $20; 3 butter makers. $:;0 and $25; farmer
and wife; 5 choremen for different places. $15.
$10 and $12, good ranches; 3 choreboys, $10; 3
stnblrmen. $3r>, $25 and $20. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 (.lay «t.
26 SCRAPER teamsters, $20 and found; young
man to drive a milk wagon, $15 and found;
6 laborers for a city manufacturing company,
$20 and found; 226 woodchoppers, $1 50, $1 25,
$1 and 70c cord, for different counties; 96 tie
makers. Be, 9c, 10c, lie each. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
YOUNG man to wash dishes and work at a
city lunch counter. $25 and found. MURRAY
& READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
2 PORTERS for country hotels. $25. MURRAY
& READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOK and wife, country hotei kitchen, $40.
HURRAY & READY. fi34 an.l 63C Clay st.
GROCERY clerk for a city Job, $S week. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
V,( >ILER moker. MURRAY A READY, 634 and
63C Clay st.
second cook. $85, country hotel. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED — American man about place, handy
with tools. $25; 6 more miners. $2 50 day: 2
milkers, $2': pattern maker, $3 ."0 day; 2 lead-
ers for glass works, $2 day: German grocery
clerk, $2o to $35; 10 laborers for country, $1 75
day: aiTfl others. ' only to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED — Man to contract to cut 500 cords of
wood and clear the land. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 62$ Sacramento st.
WANTED— Second cooks, $45, $25. $12 week;
cook for camp, $25; cook for Nevada,
$)1 and found; restaurant baker, waiters and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Blacksmith's helper for ranch,
must also be handy with carpenter tools, $30
and board; young man with some experience
in blaeksmithlng, country shop, $15 per month
and found and Increase ; 2 woodchop]>ers. $1 ,"0
per cord, tools furnished; mlddle-nged chore-
man on ranch, $10 and found: waiter, country
hotel, fare advanced, $25: boy for store In
city. £3 a week and Increase: milkers and
others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
PASTRT^cook. country hotel. $60; broiler, $6f>;
third cook. $45: fry cook. $40; bread and oak.
baker $40; waiter, country hotel, $2o and fare
advanced; waiter, mining | 2 .
waiter boy. $20; pot washer, $25 ; bellhoj v«0;
porter, country hotel., $20. C. R- "ASShN
& CO., 104 Geary st. _
MANGLER hotel laundry. $25 and found. C.
R HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
6 WOODCHOPPERS for a mine, see boss her*
0 nVlnok- 5 more gravel miners. $2 aO day; 4
far™£ $2oT month; sawmill engineer, f3 5
an™ found; blacksmith's helper. $20 and
found; German delivery wagon driver. $30. C.
R HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary _*-
10 SCANDINAVIAN tunnelmen. $1 75 to $2 50 a
day. for railroad work; free fare. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
15 SCRAPER teamsters for railroad work^
to go to-night; free fare. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.,- 104 Geary st. . ' _
8 SCRAPER "orders $1 75 a day to go at
once: free fare. C. R. HANSKN & CO.. 104
Geary st. ,
WANTED— Second butler, $25; cook, plain res-
taurant. $10 a week; waiter M 0: waiter, ho-
tel. $25; restaurant porter, $30; boy to drha
a wagon; dishwasher, $20, etc. ANDRES.
316 Stockton st. '
WAITER, country hotel, $3:>: laundryman.
springs. $25: boy to assist chamber work. $lo;
boy porter for baths, city, flSj bellboy coun-
try hotel. $15. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420
Kearney st. -
2 ENTERPRISING, active young business men,
to manage Sacramento branch cash house.
313 Bush st.
MAN for ranch who understands raising pou
try by Incubator; also butter. 313 Bush st.
RARE opportunity for a man with small capi-
tal; control of business. 313 Bush st.
GERMAN couple for ranch: understand making
butter and raising chickens. 1239 Market st.
ACTIVE solicitors wanted everywhere for
"America's Battle for Cuba's Freedom;" of-
ficial war book; all about Spain, Cuba,
armies, navies, war and all great command-
ers; graphic description of Dewey's famous
victory; his complete biography: biggest
book: 600 large pages; magnificently Illus-
trated; tremendous demand; only $1 50; com-
mission SOTt-; t.onanza for agents; SO days*
credit; freight paid; outfit free. Write quick.
THE DOMINION* Co.. Dept. 32. Chicago.
WANTED— A clerk of some experience In a
commission and shipping house; must b»
young and well recommended. Address, giv-
ing full particulars of where previously em-
ployed, experience and salary expected, box
4499. Call office.
WANTED— Responsible man of good appear-
ance as night watchman; references; $40 and
board. Arldn-ss box 4500, Call office.
YOUNG man for light work In lodging house,
r".>m, board and laundry, no wages. Alpha
House, 5 Market st.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
607 Sacramento st.
GOOD barber wanted;" steady work. 791 Mis-
sion st. ,
GOOD barber Saturday afternoon and Sunday.
1059 Howard St.
WANTED—* steady barbers at 965 Market St.,
near Sixth.
GOOD barber for country; must be sober. Ap-
ply 812 Battery st.
FIRST-CLASS salesman with moderate capi-
tal; make $300 mo.; fine chance. S2 Flood bldg.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st.
NIGHT cook in a restaurant. 1759% Mis-
sion st.
SHOEMAKER wanted. 1539 Buchanan.
WANTED— A wood turner. Apply 575 Mission
St., bet. 9 and 10 o'clock.
P.OY wanted to lf-arn a trade. FINK &
BCHINDLER, UM Market st.
WANTED— Cook for coffee and lunch house;
must be steady, sober man. 32 Sixth st.
GERMAN boy as apprentice in printing of-
fice. 535 California st.
WANTED— Shoemaker with tools. Call early.
514 Second st.
WANTED — German, good waiter. 1534 Ken-
tucky st., Potrero.
GOOD all-around blacksmith. Apply 1435 Park
st., Alameda.
WANTED— Man for nursery work and Jobbing
gardening. Call 500 Haight st.
2000 PAIR; another lot men's shoes; been
slightly damaged; at less than one- fourth
their value; from 75c to $2 50. 562 Mission St.
WANTED — Reliable persons in every section to
'distribute circulars, samples and tack stgns;
no canvassing; cash paid. WILL A. MOLTON
CO.. Cleveland, Ohio.
EXPERIENCED pitch vein coal miners at
Tesla, Alameda County, 45 miles from San
Francisco; steady work; good wages; only
good miners need apply. Address TESLA
COAL CO., room 515. 328 Montgomery, S. F.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween' 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in height. For
further information apply at the recruiting
office, 20 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cat.
WANTED— 3OO operators on electric power ma-
chines; also finishers; men's clothing; factory
work; good pay. Apply at once HOFFMAN.
ROTHCHILD & CO., Bush and Battery sts.
WANTED— First-class salesman in the glove
department, men's furnishing goods store:
must thoroughly understand the business.
Address box 4545. this office.
MAN to take orders for printing. Apply P.
BOULIN, 519 Filbert st.
WANTED— Man to drive laundry wagon: must
give $125 security: salary $10 week, with room
and board. Box 4562. Call office.
OLICITOR for dyeing and cleaning, to drlv«
a wagon. EMPORIUM CLOTHING RENO-
VATORY, 109 Eddy st.
WANTED— SO men for Alaska mines; wages
$10 per day; leave June 5. Box 4606. Call office.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Suuth 625.
ROSEDALE HOUSE. 321 Ellis— loo furnished
rooms; 25c night: $1 week; reading room.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rnlkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec. 325 Grant aye. ; tel. Grant 136.
W \NTED— Seamen and ordinary seamen for
Alaska, Puget Sound. Mexico, etc.: apply
Mariners' Home. W. W. LANK. BM Davis at.
WINi HESTER HOUSE. 44 Third st.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to an.l from the ferry.
WANTED— At Montana House, 7644 Mission,
men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c nlptht: "c and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard <=ts.
W\NTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme. House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
500 PAIR of men's new and second-hand shoes
half price: half-soling. 35c. 959 Howard st.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 138% Eighth at.
jjARKE" 4— Branch office of Thr Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted— Murat Halsteads great war
book. "Our Country tn War": all about
armies navies, coast defenses. Maine disas-
ter Cuba war with Spain and relations with
foreign nations; nearly COO pages; all written
since Maine disaster; magnificent colored Il-
lustrations: agents mr.king $10 to $39 per day;
no experience necessary; liberal terms; lv
days' credit: price low: freight paid; outfit
free: SPn d 9 2-c stamps to pay postage. Edu-
cational Union, 324 Dearborn st., Chicago.
AGENTS wanted for "Our Naval War With
Spain"; splendidly Illustrated; only au-
thentic book to be published: free outfit now
ready net quick. National Publishing Com-
pany. Lakeside building. Chicago.
BOX of war & Maine souvenirs, flag pins, etc.,
new mailed, sc. 111. catalogue free; big money.
CUSHMAN. Mfr.. 34 Oliver st.. Boston, Mass.
CATALOGUE of war emblems, flairs, etc.. free.
L. N. CUSHMAN. 34 Oliver st.. Boston. Mass.
A FEW good agents can make big money. Call
33 Thlr.l st.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted, tea and coffee business;
good thing for right man; small capital. Box
4516. Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLAXEOI 8.
WANTED — Two good second-hand Junior
Monarch hay presses: state condition, loca-
tion, lowest price to O. A. KNOTT, Trask's
Postofflce, Sacramento River, Cal.
WANTED — Second-hand camera, not smaller
than 6HxS4- Address box 4513. Call office.
CASH paid for old gold and silver: any quan-
tity. ROBERT BENJAMIN. 11l Ellis st.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver. cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.BUSUIRSS CHANCES.
A— S2SO— SALOON close to water front; low
rent; rooms; doing a good paying business.
See "WiLKE, 783 Market st.
IRO— PARTNER wanted in good paying liquor
store; large stock; very beet location; owner
wants an honest. industrious man. See
WILKE. TB3 Market st.
$850— SALOON: established many years and do-
Ing a daily business of $12; 1 block from Hl-
bernla Hank; a. rare opening. See WILKE,
Market st.
ORNER grocery and bar; choicest loca-
tion in Western Addition; larse stock; 5 bar-
rels whisky on hand; a first-class paying busi-
ness. Particulars WILKE. 753 Market st.
A— sl7Mi ; BEST-PAYING restaurant in city; es-
tablished yean; kept by owner the last 5
years; private rooms; the very best business
location; average daily receipts above $40. In-
uuire WILKE, 783 Market st.
W6OO— OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon in choicest
down-town location, with building; long
lease; doing a first-class paying business;
other engagements compel owner to sacrifice.
WILKE, 7v3 Market St.
1400— SALOON; first-class business; close to
Phelan building; a bargain. See WILKE.
Market st.
A— KREDO & CO., Up-to-date Brokers. 22V»
Geary st. Miscellaneous business chances.
J 0 -Road house; dally 4 receipts $60.
$1800— Saloon ; tine corner: well stocked.
$ 750--- Corner grocery and bar; 4 furnished
ms.
$ 175— Grocery and bar: give-away.
Plumbing and gastitting; $160 monthly.
$ S Delicacy; fine corner; with living rms.
4 600 — Restaurant and furnished flat; $20 daily.
$ US — Dressmaking; store and furnished rms.
$ UO Be_ shooting gallery: cigar stand.
For particulars call on KREDO & CO.
_— 92000— WOOD, coal. hay. grain and livery
stable: clears 4200; full value in stock. KKE-
DO & CO.
A— S46O— CIGAR stand: receipts $15 daily; also
$37;.; cigar stand. Oakland. KREDO _ CO
22',- Geary st.
tLOON for sale or exchange for small
ranch near the city or house and lot In the
Mclaughlin <t co., 23 Keamy st.
$3100— A-N old established business clearing $2')o
to $300 a month; everything in first-class or-
der; fullest investigation given. McLAUGH-
LIN *i CO., 23 Kearny st.
EASTERN city property for exchange for busl-
peas. Mclaughlin _ co.. n Keamy st.
A— sSoo— CORNER grocery and bar; without
doubt one of the best business corners.
$2<X>— Partner wanted; commission business.
$3Co— Saloon: oid-established; good corner,
and other bargains In saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO., 777 Market.
S. SROCERY, bar, stationery, notions; four
rooms; rent $15: fully $000 worth in sight:
owner there six years; must be sold at once;
no agents; save commission. Address box
4668. Call office.
I \RTNKR; business will net $75 to $100
monthly, with a fine future. See manager of
New Faucet Co., branch office. 33 Third et.
CANDY store and flat to be vacated at 2017
Ftllmoni st. : fixtures and fountain have to
I before first of June.
BAKERY, with fine trade: elegantly fitted up;
no reasonable offer refused. 3025 Sacramento.
PARTNER wanted in dressmaking school. 207
Taylor st.
FRUIT store for sale. Cor. Pacific and Jones
sts.
CIGAR stand, 1656 Market St., cor. Polk. Apply
227 Battery st.
FINE milk business, including 2 routes in Ala-
meda; cheap. Box S5. Call office. Oakland.
$200— 3-CHAIR barber-shop with 6 living rooms;
best location: $50 down, balance in Install-
ments. Apply H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh st.
GOOD paying chop house, suitable for man"
and wife, for sale cheap on account of de-
parture. Address box 4521, Call office.
HOTEL for sale— 26 rooms, furnished; cost $3000
11 years ago: now askinp $2200. Call 256 Third
St.. get terms; make offer at once.
WANTED— Reliable, active partner in a whole-
sale wine and liquor business. Address box
4523. Call office.
RESTAURANT: best location in Oakland;
owner has other business. K. D., box 4, Call
office, Oakland.
TO let or for sale; nice saloon; fixtures com-
plete. See owner, 609 Clay St.
FOR sale — Restaurant and chop-house; opposite
the ferries. Call at 18 East st.
CIGAR stand and shooting gallery very cheap.
Call 815 Kearny st.
FOR SALE— Home bakery, notions, tamales;
good trade; cheap rent. 1913 Howard st.
ELEGANT grocery and bur for sale; fine
chance: large stock of choice groceries and
liquors: horse, wagon and outside trade; do- |
Ins good business: good reasons for selling.; ;
n.»ne but parties meaning business need ap- ,
very cheap: investigate. Box 4543, Call. :
$2"|>--FOR sale at a great bargain on account of j
sickness,, a photograph building. Including !
new f-arpets. show cases, etc., in a prosperous
country town: no opposition. Further par-
ticulars address L. E. BOSTWICK. Sacra.-
n-.ento, Cal.
FOR SALE— Saloon with piano and 4 rooms;
lodging-house o\er saloon with 17 rooms; run-
ning water and gas in every room; no reason-
able offer refused If sold before the first of
the month; no agents. Box 4535, Call.
$800 — HOME cooking and delicatessen business
with an established trade: well located; low
rent; living rooms and every convenience; to
a good cook this place offers a small fortune.
Box 457G, Call office.
ACTIVE middle-aged man of business expe-
rience with some capital and his services,
wishes to go In some legitimate established
business. Address box 4617, Call office.
OLD-ESTABLISHED grocery and liquor store;
best corner in city. Inquire Grocers' Union,
214 California st.
CORNER saloon, good location; on account of
other business; low price. Albany Brewery.
f'LD established restaurant for sale; doing a
business; investigate. 249 Fourth st.
$175-- FRUIT store for sale, with horse and
wagon. Inciuir*> 1126 Harrison st.
FOR sale— 2 old-established groceries and bars;
price $2500 and $1250. Apply Call office.
WANTED— Partner with $250; guaranteed
salary $50 month. X.. box 10, Call, Oakland.
CORNER saloon for sale at a bargain; good
Fto<*k of liquors, cigars. 243 Fourth st.
$176 — CORNER grocery and bar; 3 living rooms.
NE. cor. Fifth and Clara sts.
GOOD paying country barber shop; cheap for
cash. Inquire Call Office.
PARTNER wanted: good paying restaurant.
Apply 621 Montgomery st.
BARBER shop, central location, clearing over
$20 a week, for sale; present owner going to
Honolulu. Particulars box 4561, Call office.
FOR PALE — Ca.ll route at San Jose; for par-
ticulars apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIERCE. San Jose.
SUMMER resort and beer garden to sell or
rent. MRS. BOEKELMANN, Lorin. Cal.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAS WELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch offl^ of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FDR Dawßon. Alaska Venture Co. Steamship
Prof. Morse, sails for St. Michaels June 10,
connecting with the speediest steamer on the
Yukon the F. M. Smith; unexcelled facilities
for handling freight and passengers: before
making contracts call at general office. 6JO
Market st.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; llfcht and thin; warranted ten y-ars;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 a 0: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists; painless extraction;
teeth, per set, $5 up; gold filling, 75c up; sil-
ver. 25c up: oM plates made over. Jl up; all
work warranted; open evenings and fcundays.
969 Mission Ht.. cor. Sixth, and 371 Hayes st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when prates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting EOc; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless- extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 2Jc up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand ; open even-
ings. 987 Market St.. corner Sixth.
DR. LUELLA COOL, 554 Sutter; crowns. $5;
aluminum plates & bridge work a specialty.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
•16 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and wont ads taken. _,
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
YOST good order. $25; send for '■ sample work.
SCOTT & BANNAN. 333 Montgomery st.
~~ ~~ PHYSICIANS. ,
DR. C C. CDONNELL, office and residence,
1206 ifxrket; diseases at women a specially.
LODGING • JI'SES FOR SALE.
I OFFER FOR SALE THIS DAT
FOR CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS
THE FOLLOWING BARGAINS
20-room house.. $800, 22-ror.m house $500
10-room house.. 150 j 24 rooms, corner.. 750
55 rooms, cor... 3,000 j 14 rms, on Butter 700
11 rs. ; must sell 200 1 66 rms.; best city 7.W8
15 rooms; new.. LSSOI 31-room house — 1,400
81 rooms; new.. 3,000| 110 rooms; corner. 6,000
300 rms.; hotel.. 10, CO" 6 rooms; 0n1y... 150
35 rms.; central 2.600 10 rooms; Jones.. 3'K)
i S_L_ A Nl> EXCHANGE REAL ESTATE
AND BUSINESS PLACES OF ALL KINDS.
1 WANT NO EXCLUSIVE CONTRACT.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
64- ROOM CORNER HOUSE ■
FINE LOCATION—
ROOMS ALL RENTED
PRICE ONLY' $1600 ■
Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A— KREDO _ CO., up to date Brokers, 22' i
Geary st.
285 rooms; clears $400 monthly $:>MO
60 rooms; Market: best in city KQfl
30 rooms; Kearny; elegant offices _80
22 rooms; Powell; transient; fine 1800
21 rooms; corner Market; clears $100 300
15 rooms; clears $40 monthly 27.'i
12 rooms; Powell; elegant SOO
6-room flat; Ellis St.; free rent 250
Hundreds of others at your own price.
$2500—42 rooms: central corner; clears $130;
exchange for house and lot. KREDO & CO.
SPECIAL BARGAIN LIST
15 rooms; rent $75; doctor pays rent $500
18 rooms; elegant place; investigate W0
19 rooms; central; a money-maker 500
20 rooms; rent $45; good furniture 800
21 rooms; rent $25; see it - ■•• 400
21 rooms; rent $45: must sell 350
32 rooms; this is a bargain 900
67 rooms; rent $125; a pick-up 1600
WINSTON _ CO.. 646 Market st.
A NO. 1 family hotel on Market St.: I'M) rooms
elegantly furnished; all newly papered; pas-
senger and freight elevators: will be sold at
a great bargain; no agents. Address box
4501, Call office.
FOR Rent— The well and favorably known Pt.
Georyre lodging house of 150 rooms, centrally
located in Sacramento City and convenient to
the railroad shops. For particulars apply to
GEORGE W. LORENZ, Peoples Savings
Bank, Sacramento.
A $1100; 48-ROOM house, clearing about $125
per month; rent low; 2 blocks north of Mar-
ket st. WILKE, 753 Market st.
WELL furnished house. S rooms, for sale;
bargain. Inquire 228 A McAllister st.
$350— 11-ROOM house on McAllister St.. full of
roomers: owner retiring Apply Call office.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
iBY piece— Oak furniture, etc. 675 Linden
aye.. npar Webster st. ■■ _^____
FIIItXITURE WASTED.
1 INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to .19 Mont-
gomery St.; highest price paid. Tpl. Davis 71.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS "•• » are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
came as If purchased for all cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some rood pianos for $3, and
Jo "per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Pteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oak'ind.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CEASE'S,
26. 28 and TO O'Farrell St. Pianos, organs
and -'' other musical instruments of all
grades and pri---- Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
CLARK, WISE & CO.. cor. Grant aye. and
Geary st., agents Conover. Kingsbury and
. other pianos; opened May 1: new stock: spe-
cial prices: easy terms; Inspection Invited.
I SECOND-HAND pianos at all prices; terms
extremely accommodating. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell nt.. agent* for the
Chlckerlng -nd other pianos.
A STEIN WAT piano for $100; a Chlckering for
i? 0; examine list of bargains this week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO.. 933 Market St.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans.
Brlggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308. 310. 312 Post st.
NEW pianos rented. $2 50 per month. SCOTT-
CTJRTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
3-PEDAL upright piano and latest Improved
Singer sewing machine cheap. 684 A Natoma.
NICE Emerson piano, $50; great snap. Room
IJ, Flood building.
A— s3s; fine rosewood piano in perfect condi-
tion. 1361 Folsom st..- corner Tenth.
BEST goods; lowest prices; easy payments;
pianos to rent at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st
BARGAINS— SIOO,. $125, $150; agency famous i
Halnes Bros. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st. j
GREAT bargains; Decker, Schubert, Stelnway, ;
Neuman, others. Hornung's. 218 McAllister. ,
"AD" smallest; price lowest; uprights $75 up;
' rents $2 up. HEINE. 138 Ellis St. ...
A GOOD upright, very cheap. 18 McAllister
st., next Hlber la Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. |
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and n;w. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Litham place.
HORSES.
WANTED— A good strong horse for laundry
wagon. 2241 Mission st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Knrse Mar-
ket 827 Sixth St.. auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagon*, harness of all
kinds: 40 horses: must sail. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia «t. T. P. NEWELL.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
GOOD hack, coupe, surrey and wagonette, and
second-hand and new wag-ons: cheap. Bull's
j Head Repository. Fifteenth and Valencia,
TIHREE~QUARTER end spring, ball bearing
axle, rubber tire, piano body buggy. Can be
seen at O'BRIEN & SONS', Golden Gate aye.
and Polk st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fire top sod open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Cylinder press; must be In good
order; give size of bed. price and make. Box
4541, Call office.
ELEGANT French walnut Decker Bros, up-
right piano for sale cheap. BONELLI, 130
Powell st.
FOR Sale— Empty packing cases. Apply M. A.
OX'NST & CO., 203 Kearny St.
$67 60— PIANO, good condition; $5 down $3 per
month. 225 Sutter st.
$197 50— MAGNIFICENT new upright piano; $10
down, $5 per month; guaranteed. 225 Sutter st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-102S
Mission St., above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND hose for irrigation purposes;
pumps, gasoline englnea, etc. H. S. WHITE,
614. 616. 618 Mission St.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl,
goods: new, 2d-hand. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. Fremont & Howard.
SAFES — New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
GRXPHOPHONEP. $10; Records, $5 per doit. ;
Prolectoscope, $100. Bacigalupi, 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-true*, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
SEWING MACHINES.
$1 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, told;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing, I.west rate*. 2'<l> Fourth St.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'B Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. 8. 40.
j McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet Cleaning Co., 4£«
Stevenson St.; tel. S. 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: relald at So.
STRATTON, 3 Elg. th et. ; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Works. 14 8t i st. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 140 14th
St.; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
J. W r ATTS. reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat-
ing, alteration wks,-413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
ADVANCE! Carpet -Clean ing Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 833 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126-
ELEVENTH, 10«— Branch office of Th« Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
THE SAN FKAjSCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 28, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET. ■' - ",
$25— SUNNY house, 7 rooms,. bath and laundry;
yards for flowers. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen
Park aye., off Twelfth st. ' • .
ALL OVER TOWN —
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN _
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT S-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cal-
ifornia and ■ Lake sts.; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL. 628 Market St.
SUNNY house, 6 rooms, bath, in good condi-
tion; rent $18. 2S2S Pine st.
$B— HOUSE 5 rooms; best condition; ■ healthy
place. 1555 Kearny St., near Greenwich.
HOUSE of 3 rooms, with large basement
and yard. 140 Rope aye. -.•-■-■
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY, 3628 A— cottage, 6 rooms, base-
ment; rent $8; rear cottage. ' ' ' "
COTTAGE of 4 rooms and floor of 3 rooms for
housekeeping. 923 Shotwell St.
SUNNY cottages, 5 and 6 rooms; bath: base-
ment; yard; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth St., near
Dolores.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms: water
free. 109 Collins St., near Geary.
$20— COTTAGE. 5 rooms; prettiest In city; new;
2963 Twenty-first st.: key at corner grocery.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
TAYLOR, 810— Completely rural -.lied sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1:30 and
4 p m. ■.--'■■■• r :■■;:':: '-' .I-:'.-.-;-
$40— Modern lower flat: 8 rooms, bath: piano.
Call from 10 to 2. 1808 Vallejo St.
| A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, In wrappers, for mailing. -
FLATS TO LET.
AN upper flat, 3 rooms, bath, yard, $10. ; 409%
Thirteenth st., above Valencia.
i A MODERN flat, 6 rooms, porcelain bath; rea-
sonable rent. 735 Ellis st.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN _
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
FIFTEENTH, 2176, bet. Noe and Market—
sunny rooms and bath; water free; $13.
GROVE. 10, near City Hall— Elegant top flat;
6 rooms; bath.
GROVE. 729 A —Lower flat four light sunny
rooms; bath.
HAVES. S2s— Sunny flat of 6 rooms; bath; large
yard; basement; $25.
HYDE. 232, between Turk and Eddy— Com-
plete bedroom and kitchen for housekeeping.
MCALLISTER, Upper flat, 7 rooms; bath;
. rent $30. Key 728. - • j
MCALLISTER. Modern flat, 6 rooms and
bath; rent $15. j ■. |
! NICELY furnished flat; 5 rooms and bath. Ap-
ply 111 Liberty st. ' ,
PINE, 1228. near Hyde— 2 flats In first-class or-
■ der; rent $16 and $18. j
POLK, 1710, near Clay— Sunny new bay-window
flat, 7 rooms and bath, $25. ]
POST, 625— An elegant flat of 7 rooms and j
bath. $35 month. • ■ ■ . i
SHOTWELL. 4A, near Fourteenth— of 4 1
sunny rooms and yard; rent reasonable.
SIXTH. 322— Flat of 6 rooms and bath; rent
cheap. Apply on premises.
4 AND 6 room flats on Twelfth st. and Glen
Park aye.. $13. $14, $15. $1S and $23 50. DEMP-
STER 36 Glen Park aye.. off Twelfth st.
$22— 5-ROOM flat, 315 O'Farrell St., near Mason;
no car fare. Apply 15 Grant aye.
$22 -Fine flat; good neighborhood. 507 Guerrero;
6 rooms; bath.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— until 9:30
j o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
j tions and want ads taken.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPWO.
i BRYANT, 1101, cor. Ninth— Three nice furnish-
; ed front rms. complete for housekpng; cheap.
! CAPP, 329— Two sunny rooms, w complete for
housekeeping; bath.
EDDY, 617 — 2 sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping; range.
I EDDY, 917— Very desirable housekeeping rooms;
gas range; bath; garden; private; splendid
location.
EIGHTH. 34, near Market— Large furnished
housekeeping sunny room; kitchen; hot and
[ cold water: bath; private family.
FOLSOM. 2848—3 or 4 sunny unfurnished
housekeeping rooms: gas stove: cheap.
I FOURTH, 225 — Furnished rooms for light
housekeeping. " ■■'*."
I FULTON, 116— Large well-furnished room, with
S summer kitchen, complete. $8 per month. -
GEARY, 1917— For adults; 4 comfortable, rooms;
bath, two beds; two stoves; gas and coal; $20.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 527—2 nice front connect-
ing rooms for housekeeping; rent cheap.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 730 — Convenient house-
keeping room, furnished. $10; also small. $3.
HARRISON. 618—4 fine sunny unfurnished
I rooms, 2 upstairs; stove; $11 to quiet adults.
HARRISON. 731— Three rooms furnished . com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard; rent $16.
HOWARD, 625— Large front room; furnished
complete for housekeeping. !
JONES, 923—3 elegantly furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; gas stove; also single.
KEARNY, 208— rooms, furnished for light
housekeeping; $20. '
LEAVENWORTH, BU— 4 rooms, bath furni-
ture; young couple; no children; references;
$16 month. . ' . '. '■-'-''.;.
MARKET, 1028— Large sunny front room and
kitchen, folding bed, $14; 3 rooms, $10.
MCALLISTER, 340—2 sunny rooms furnished
for housekeeping.
MCALLISTER, 402, cor. Polk— 2 nicely furnish-
ed front rooms; housekpg; terms reasonable.
MINNA, 645 — Nice sunny room, furnished or
partly; suitable for gent or lady; cheap.
MISSION, 839 — Large rooms complete for
housekeeping, $1 50 a week; suites $10.
MISSION, 925 V4 — Completely furnished sunny
, front housekeeping rooms; gas and bath.
MISSION, 947—2 furnished rooms complete for
housekeeping.
MISSION, 1119 Large sunny front room and
kitchen; housekeeping complete; strictly pri-
vate. •- .
MISSION, 1217— Sunny front bay-window suite,
complete for housekeeping; rent reduced.
NEW MONTGOMERY, 105— Furnished house-
keeping suites, $1 60 per week; single, 76c.
NINTH, 21— Large sunny bay-window rooms;
running water, gas; very reasonable.
OCTAVIA. 1403, corner Geary— Front room,
with kitchen, $12; bay window, $$.
PT. .LOBOS AYE., 1819; cor. Eighth— 4 large
Bunny unfurnished rooms $10. • ■ ■ ■ ■
POLK, 603 — Complete for housekeeping. Includ-
ing gas for stove; clean Bunny room; $9 mo.
POWELL, 944—3 rooms for housekeeping; hot
and cold water; bath; $15 per month.
PROSPECT place, 123, near California, be-
tween Stockton and ' Powell — 1 to ' 4 rooms,
bath, complete housekeeping, $4 to $15; pri-
vate German family. ■
STOCKTON. 1307— furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
ST. JAMES. Laguna and McAllister—
best In city; lowest rates; furnished or not.
BUTTER, 550— Sunny basement floor of 2 rooms;
furnished for housekeeping; gas, bath.
TAYLOR, 207 — Unfurnished , housekeeping
rooms; also furnished. . .
THIRD, 340—2 rooms complete for housekeep-
ing; rent $7. . •-,-■.
THIRD, 362— Front sunny rooms, nicely fur-
nished,' housekeeping; first floor; $2 25 week.
THREE sunny furnished rooms; gas stove; to
respectable parties . only. Apply 40 Geary st.
WASHINGTON. 1015^—3 large unfurnished
rooms ' for housekeeping; also 2 * furnished.
MONTGOMERY. 527. cor. Clay— until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
ROOMS TO LET. -
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer • Co., 22 Stockton St.; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; phone Main 49.
ARLINGTON House. 127 St.— Pleasant
Bunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 52 Second St.— Nice clean single, double and
light housekeeping rooms; $1 week up.
AT 147 Powell and 211 O'Farrell, nicely fur-
nished rooms by day, week or month.
AT 242 Stockton— rooms; pretty view;
* quiet house; baths; gas; very reasonable.
BOHEMIA, 239 1 Elegant rooms; reason-
able rates; bath, gas. elevator; very, central.
DELAWARE, 1483 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double cms. ; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 628— 2 or more gentlemen, elegantly
furnished sunny front bay-window suite, con-
necting bedroom: running water, bath, gas,
grate; private; references. ... . .'._., , ■..
EDDY, Newly furnished single and double
rooms, $5 a month and up. . ■ ; /■- ; - .
ELLIS, 327— An - elegantly furnished suite;
■_„ piano, : light housekeeping; $30 , per month.
ELLIS, . 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 60 to IS week,
ROOMS TO LET- Continued.
FIFTH! ioT^pTeasant mi^QjT^unfurnlshed
■ rooms to let ' 1 - ; . • .
FOLSOM, S2O, near Fourth— Furnished rooms,
$1 par week.
■ FURNISHED rooms in all parts of city; sin-
gle, double and en suite. - 1023 Market st.
GEARY, 556, formerly 513— Elegant sunny par-
lor; suites, single and double rooms; also
housekeeping.
! GEARY, 80SA— Handsomely furnished sunny
front bay-window room, suitable for 1 or 2
gentlemen; rent $12. ■ ; - . . -'
GEARY. 2243— A large nicely furnished room
In private family.
GIRARD House, cor. Seventh and Howard-
Pleasant rooms, single and housekeeping;
lowest rates. . - '
GLOBE Houso, 821 Howard— Per night. »c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room: Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye., Sunny front fur-
nished suite; also single rooms; water; $3.
GUERRERO, 1152— Sunny bay-window front
alcove room, well furnished; cheap.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
I HOWARD, 741— Just opened: newly furnished
front and other rooms; bath; gas; $5 mo. up.
HOWARD. 959— A nice sunny room In a quiet
family for a young man; $4 a month.
JONES, 517— Sunny furnished room for gentle-
man; rent $5. : ■".
KEARNY, Three unfurnished rooms and
bath; with private family. $15.
I MARKET. 1211. near Sixth (Ellis House)—
Furnished rooms. $1 50 to $6 per week; tran-
sients '
MARKET, 1122 (The Parker House)— Nicely
furnished suites; reasonable.,
MARTHA place, 6. south of Geary, above
i Mason — Sunny room, $5 month.
I MASON, 18 (Silver Elegantly furnished
I rooms, single by the week, $1 50 to $3; suites,
1 $4 to $6; baths; hot water; transient: elevator.
■ MASON, 411— Fine sunny furnished suite in
private family; bath; telephone; very rea-
sonable. ' - __
I MCALLISTER, 14— A few large sunny rooms;
studios, office. $7 month; suits $12.
MINNA, Furnished rooms. $1 per week; '
■housekeeping rooms: piano free. --':■! -:"-
MISSION, 1226— Nice large sunny parlor, piano;
running water: bath: suitable 2: $10 month.
NINETEENTH, 4059, near Castro— Elderly Ger-
man lady wishes small family to take part of
flat; near car lines.
! OAK, 22— Large light sunny front room; sult-
| - able for work shop or storage; cheap.
! O'FARRELL, 231— New management, new fur-
| niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
! O'FARRELL, 327— Large front room, well fur-
nished. $10; sunny single room, $7.
! PHILADELPHIA House— Furnished rooms, 75c
week and upwards. 421 Bush st.
I POST, 216—3 connecting sunny rooms, suitable
for offices or otherwise.
I POST, 622— Sunny suite or single room*: first-
class in every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
! SIXTH, 124— Sinele and ' double rooms, $1 60
I week up: complete housekeeping, $10 mo. up.
TAYLOR, 109— Sunny double room with sep-
arate beds, $10: sunny single room, $1 50. ■
1 TENTH, 123. near Market— Nice large sunny
! rooms; kitchen If desired; very cheap.
i 339 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.- .
ROOMS '- .1) BOARD.
ALL sunny bay-window rooms, everything
new. cheerful; first-class every respect; board
optional. The Sirius, 1505.Stoc.kton; Kearny cars
EPDY, 626 a rvingdale)— Lovely rooms; select
table; nice locatn; suits. $40 up; smgle, $20 up.
ELLIS. 51S— Nicely furnished rooms, best
board; $20 per '.ionth.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week: nice location.
FOURTH. 127— Room and board In private fam-
ily. $4 per week.
GOLPEN GATE aye., 618, above Van N<?ss—
Nice sunny ro«-vms, with board for 2, $36.
PINE, 932 — To rent, with board, sunny suite of
unfurnished rooms.
6OUTH PARK. 159— Good table board. $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
SUTTER. 1128— Punny suite: single rooms: first-
class board; large grounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
THE Oriel— With or without board; new. ele-
gantly furnished, beautiful sunny Market-st.
suites, with board for t. $40 per month; single
rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS aye., R08 — Bunny newly furnished
rooms, electric liffhts, bath, with board;
terms moderate.
..INTH. 167— Branch office of T..e Call; sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
RELIABLE lady will board infant or 1 or 2
children; nice yard: own cow. 333 Jessie st.
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board; a
mother's care; references. 2"4'; Sixth «t.
STORES TO LET.
A NICE large store to let at 623 Post st.,
rent $20.
CORNER store; 4 rooms and stable; rent $15;
22d-st. cars pass the door. 3&ol Twenty-fourth
St., corner of Vlcksburg.
NE cor. Pacific and Sansome— Handsome cor-
ner store, with or without basement; cheap.
STORE and three living rooms; rent $10. 2343
Mission st.
OFFICES TO LET.
OFFICE room, all furnished, with large vault,
at CLARK & COS., 224 Montgomery st..
next the Mills building; (agents for the Banl-
tary stills).
FINE partly furnished offices. 901 Sutter St.,
corner Leavenworth.
SIXTH. 43, cor. Mission (Esmond House)— 4
rooms formerly occupied by Dr. M. Kroto-
zyner for 10 years.
.vi:i)ic.\i..
ALL Ladies — C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 59 McAllister
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2; cure, $5.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., S3
Grant «ye.. S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
ohasing elsewhere write us.
DRS. GOODWIN makes a specialty of diseases
of women; irregularities from any cause re-
stored In one day. or no charge; restores
strength and vigor of organ unexcelled; ma-
ternity home; best medical attendance; low
fees; cure, $5; pills, $1; when others fall.
Bee free of charge. 401 Van Ness aye., near
McAllister st.
NEW process; a great progress In medical
science for female trouble; no matter from
what cause; no medicine or instruments
used; restores In one day without fail: every
woman her own physician; away, disgrace;
consultation free; can b» sent and used at
home: by the well known DR. POPPER. 318
Kearny st. ; pllla and capsules. $1.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no Instruments used;
home In confinement; pills and capsules. $1:
every case guaranteed: consultation free and
confidential: hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 208 Turk St.. near Jones.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause; no Instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office, SB; travelers helped instantly;
home In confinement; consult free; hours 10 to
8. 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL. 1122 Market.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate: infants adopted Into good homes.
DR. WISE'S private sanitarium, 307 Jones st.,
formerly of 800 Kearny and late of Belvlew
Hospital, N. Y.j diseases of women; advice
free: experienced lady attendant.
A BOON to wires and mothers— Seguro ; price
fl 60; RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay St.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pllla. a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; cafe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
NORTH Beach Sanitarium, 1412 Mason st. ; pri-
vate home In confinement; competent physi-
cians and nurses; trms. reas. Powell-st. cars.
DRS. DONOVAN, 1806 Folsom st., takes ladles
at her home In their confinement: terms mod-
erate and everything strictly confidential.
DR. HALL. 9 McAllister St.; diseases of
women and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: infallible, safe rem-
edles; 38 years' experience. 254»* Fourth st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for fl 50, postage
rr.RsoxALs.
CARD OF "THANKS— I desire to express my
heartfelt thanks to all friends and acquaint-
ances and as well as to the members of
Hermann Lodge No. 127, F. and A. M. : Ger-
mania Lodge, K. of H. ; California Chapter,
F. and A. M. ; Verein Arion, S. F. Turn-
Verein and Sehwaben Verein for their ex-
pressed sympathies and attendance at the
funeral of my late husband, JOHN CHRIS-
TIAN BAUER.
MRS. CARRIE BAUER and children.
JOHN T. DILWORTH. wheelwright, in San
Francisco last in ISS6, and JOHN T. DIL-
WORTH JR., printer, or their heirs, will re-
ceive valuable information by addressing
OSCAK T. SHUCK, attorney at law. 509
Kearny St.. San Francisco.
MATRIMONY.
MARRY— Join our special department; money
refunded if not suited within six months:
send lie for monthly matrimonial paper and
special terms. Address "Wedding Bell," 111
Ellis st., San Francisco.
THE Pacific, 406 Geary— Only legitimate matri-
monial assn. west o£ Chicago; details free.
BUSINESS A EKSONALS.
SPLENDID chance, small capital; party with
$500 upward can secure position, salary, com-
mission, half profits; specialty publishing,
calendars, war souvenirs, jobbing, importing;
$5 to $25 earned daily; state particulars. Ad-
dress Small Capital, box 12S, Providence. R. I.
COSTLESS clothes — Clothes made to order;
clothes that fit; clothes that Jar the high-
priced tailors In quality of goods and mini-
mum of price; for instance, on a J2O suit,
$0 down and $1 per week. Agency BOSTON
WOOLEN MILLS. 920 Broadway, Oakland.
NO extra charge for dressing your hair in the
very latest style; price 25c only; good
swithches, SI: best, finest quality. $3 50; extra
heavy, long. $5. Open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton et.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
House. 14 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
JO-HE — Price reduced: small cans, GOc: large
cans, $1 50. 1C46 Howard st.
CEMETERY fences: best work; lowest pricee.
DOUGLASS. 1716 Central aye., nr. Bush st.
i MRS. DR. JOHNSTON, masseuse, electrician,
: trained nur.se; office heated. 579 Geary si.
QUINONIA is the most perfect hair tonic
made; try it. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
Hd.MR in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. 20 Sansome St.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
I.KMOS. 1117 Market st.'bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St., rm. 86.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles" French Tailoring
College. 916 Market St.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will phow you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unitei the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minorals; tells your entire life, past, present
nnd future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
10 a, m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26. 12 n 6 Market St., opposite Sixth.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; paat,
present and futuie; 25c. 14S Sixth St.. room 10.
MMF.. MOREAU. best medium and card
reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and
palmist. 213 Kearny St.. room 2.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. PR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pre-
fession; never falls; advice; help. 929 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
.
MRS. SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister; Jessie, 9sB.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
Ings $1; cir. Tin's., Fri., 2 p. m. ; Sat., 8; 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness- medium. 232 Stockton st. "
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 123% Sixth st., room 2.
M. FRANCES. independent slate-writing me-
dlum. US Ha.tght.et. .. . . . ' .
. . : PALMISTRY. .
MRS~CHANPLER: readingsT^Tues.. Thurs..
Sat. at hall. 305 Larkln st. ; Mpn., Wed., Frl.,
residence, 353 Geary St.
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute, 402 V* Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas Issued: diseases and habits cured.
LOST.
$125 REWARD — Lost, at soldiers' camp. Bay
District, Saturday, May 21. purse containing
diamond Jewelry, etc Return to WISE, 9
Montgomery st. ; no questions , asked.
LOST— St, Bernard bitch 12 months old, orange
, and white. . Return to JACOB SCHUTTEN.
1602 Geary, and receive reward. ;
I LOST— A pair of pearl opera glasses, between
• the park and Eighth st. ; $5 reward. Return
to 2 Hayes st.
LOST — Near, the city front, a gold hunting-case
Swiss watch, double chain and diamond
lockst. The finder will be liberally rewarded
by returning same to 316 Sacramento st.
LOST— lrish terrier bitch; answers to the name
■ of Puppy. 621 Thirtieth st. reward. ■ •
WHITE greyhound bitch: brlndle spot on side;
. brindle spot on head. Return 91 South Park.
LOST— Black and white puppy • greyhound
v bitch. Return to 12 29th st. Reward.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
' free.
EDUCATIONAL..
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
•lectrical civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 18!>2; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
Individual instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
UNIVERSITY Coach— Newel Perry, Ph. 8., Fel-
low In Mathematics, U. C. 2407 S. Atherton,
nr. Channlng way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.;
est. 1664. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr*s counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 855 Market st.
UNIQUE pven!ng's entertainment for societies.
C. C FONTANA, 24 Plxth: parlors 5 and 6.
SHORTHAND; to ■• write ' 100 words a minute;
taught in one month; terms $10. 712 Van Ness.
~ — -— — PROPOSALS. .
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS— Pursuant . to. an
order of the Board of Trustees of the State
Normal School of San Diego, California, no-
■ : tice is hereby given that sealed proposals
will be received by said board until 1C o'clock
a. m. of June 24, 1898, lor furnishing ■ the
materials and performing the labor necessary
■ for the erection and completion of the I cen-
tral portion of the San Diego State Normal
School building. ,
Separate proposals will be received and
separate contracts made for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor neces-
sary for each of the following parts of said
building, to wit: 1, For the masonry work,
including all brick, concrete and , cement
work and all necessary excavations and . fill-
" ing' 2 for the iron work; 3. for the carpenter,
plastering, electric and glazing work; 4. for
the plumbing and gas-fitting work; 5, for tht.
' tinning and galvanized iron work; ,6. f>t
' painting and varnishing. -
* No proposal will be considered unless ac-
companied with a bond of such proposer,
eaual to 10 per cent of his proposal, with at
leant two good and sufficient sureties, con-
ditioned that if his proposal shall be ac-
cepted he will duly enter into a proper con-
r Each proposal must be made on blanks
furnished for that purpose, and, together
with the above-mentioned bond, inclosed In
a sealed envelope, addressed to the Trustees
State Normal School of San Diego, with an
indorsement thereon showing what portion of
the building Is covered by the inclosed pro-
posal, and- delivered to the Merchants' Na-
tional Bank of San Diego. California, before
10 o'clock a. m. of June 24, 1898.
Said proposals will be publicly opened and
• contracts based • thereon - will be _ made >on
June 24, 1898. at 10 o'clock a. m.. at room 35,
Fisher Opera-house block, in San Diego, Call-
fornia. .
The contractors to whom contracts are
• awarded will be required to file with said
board a good and ■ sufficient bond to the
' amount of 25 per cent of the contract price
" for the faithful and proper performance •of
his contract. *' - ' ■■' * • * r - '•-:
The plans and specifications of said build-
ing can be seen during business hours at the
■ office of Hebbard & Gill, architects. Grant
" building. San Diego, California. _ ' ,v ; :
The v Board sof - Trustees reserves the right
to reject any or all proposals made.  • -; .--
- State Normal * School ■of *. San Diego, Cali-
fornia, '■." ' ■'-■.-.,-■<-•-.■-•:-■•. •..
By W. R. OUT. President Board Trustees. ■
Attest: ROBERT C. JONES. Secretary.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE. .
TO LEASE— Dairy and fruit ranch: milk
route; 25 cows; 70 acres: adjoining Vallejo;
good opening for Industrious family man with
some money. - Address at once box 4554. Call.
THE best general . ranch in California; 455
acres; two-thirds alfalfa land, balance good
, hay land; improvements cost $13,000; a snap to
. the right parties. CLARK &. CO., 224 Mont-
gomery st.
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN, Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. Cal.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
- Call. '■ Sent to any address In the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
RAILROAD hotel, furnished: sell, lease, cheap;
see at once. E. E. BUNCE, 90S Broad-
way, Oakland. - ; ' : ; .
FOR sale or exchange for San Francisco cot-
tage, house and lot centrally located. Ad-
dress 962 Third St., Oakland. ____
OAKLAND houses': to LET.
eousesTtcT let" in Oakland: 7.--:
Corner cottage. 5 rooms $17
Lower sunny flat, 5 rooms 11
Upper modern flat. 6 rooms ; 14
. {-story neat 6-room house.... ....18
Choice sunny 8-room house I!
10-room residence, fine 50
'These and many more,- both larger ' and
smaller. WM. M.DEWOLF, 105S Broadway.
FOURTH aye., 1311. East Oakland—
house, handsomely furnished, piano; orchard,
stable, chicken house, gardens; rent $25; take
Haywards car at Broadway . Station; pass
door. ■ '
: OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED— For rent^atHpiedmont : comfort-
able home of eight rooms and bath; large
and very attractive grounds, stable, etc. :
rent for a term of. months or a year: rental
moderate and rncludes rare of grounds: also
cow if desired. HERON & HOLCOMB, 1050
Broadway, Oakland. . . : ■
FURNISHED cottage, 6 rooms: large grounds;
flowers, fruit: barn: In Fruitvale. Address
C. O. JASPER. Fruitvale. P. O.
CHESTNUT, 2023— New 6-room cottage; neatly
furnished; piano: $30. '
' '■>; OAKLAND ROOMS.
SUNNY alcove suite, with or without board;
reasonable, i 260 East Sixteenth st.
UNFURNISHED rms. to rent Abrahamson bdg, !
SE. cor. 13th & Wash. Abrahamson Bros.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND HOARD.
FINE sunny suite: also sunny single room; va-
cant June 1. THE LORNE. 562 Eighth st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods this week.
SCHELLHAAS' old store. 40S Eleventh St.
FRUITVALK REAL ESTATE.
$1000 WILL buy a house of 7 rooms, fine well,
windmill and tank, flowers and shrubbery;
lot 50x115; all fenced: easy terms If desired.
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station.'
$13000 — House of 5 rooms and bath, barn,
chicken houses, fruit trees: lot 100x105; all
fenced; 3 blocks from Fru'tvale Stnt'ni
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station.
$2050 — $150 cash, balance monthy Installments
as rent: elegant 2-story house of 6 rooms
and bath, in excellent condition; barn, choice
fruit trees in bearing: lot 60x150; all fenced;
opportunity worth investigating.
H. A. I'LEITNER. Fruitvale Station.
FOR EXCHANGE—
$2500 — New modern house of 5 rooms and
bath; reception hall; lot 50x125; all fenced:
street work and sewerage all done; located
in the best part of Fruitvale: unincumbered.
For particulars see H. A. PLEITNER. Fruit-
vale, Station. East Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL. ESTATE.
$IIi>O— COTTAGE, 6 rooms; lot 35x125; close to
station and Hieh School; street work,
sewer, cement walks, etc., complete.
$130i>— Modern cottage and lot in good location;
any terms; snap.
$2200 — To close an estate; fine modern cottage,
5 rooms; lot 50x140; best location; $1500 can
remain.
$3500 — Modern colonial cottage, 6 rooms; corner
lot; good location; very easy terms.
Fine list of furnished and unfurnished houses
to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park St.,
Alameda.
SNAP— New house and bath; lot 50x150; good
location; 5 minutes' walk from station. Ap-
ply to owner. 1612 Chapin st.
IN Alameda, on a main thoroughfore, three
blocks west of Park St., lot 50x140, modern
cottage, 6 rooms and bath, $2200; $1700 can
remain flat or Installments at 7 l » per cent;
make offer. HERON & HOLCOMB, 1050
Uroadway, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
FURNISHED rooms and board near beach. 1524
Clinton aye., Alameda.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
$5 UP to any amount on indorsed peper.
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential ; private offices. M. E.
DOUG AN & CO., 230 Kearny St., upstairs.
ANY amount at 64 per cent on real estate; 2d
ar.d 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery st., room 3.
OAKLAND loans on real estate secured
promptly; reasonable interest and moderate
expenses. HUGH M. CAMERON'. Heal Es-
tate Broker, 479 Ninth St., Oakland.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94<! Market st. : tel. Green 204.
OX furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates: no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 120 Powell St.
$100,000 TO loan on income city property: MO. -
000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN, 1405 Call bldg.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 328 Montgomery.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.:
any proposition. Dryfien, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 62S Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
rates; no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
MONEY WASTED.
MODERN residence wanted; 7 to 10 rooms;
north or west side of street on Pacific or
Presidio H^itrhts: cost not to exceed $")rton ;
etate price and details. Address box 4659. Call.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.: lowest
rates. McAFEE HROS. 10S Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKERS.
BE wise and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office, 22 Mason st., bet. Market and Eddy.
LEGAL NOTICES.
GOODS Teft at 429 Sixth. Mrs. Miiier"s,~wilT'b«
sold if not redeemed within one month.
RAILROAD Consolidation— Pursuant to th«
statute in such case made and provided, no-
tice is hereby given that the Southern Pa-
ciflc Railroad Company, the Northern Rail-
way Company, the Northern California Rail-
way Company and the California Paclflo
Railroad Company, railroad corporations in-
corporated and existing under the laws of
the State of California, upon the written con-
sent of the stockholders holding more than
three-fourths !n value of all the stock of each
of said corporations, respectively, and by agree-
ment of the respective Boards of Directors of
said corporations, made and entered Into In
accordance with such consent, and pursuant
to the statute In such case made and pro-
vided, did. on the 14th day of April, A. D.
1898. amalgamate and consolidate their capital
stock, debts, property, assets and franchises
under the corporate name and style of the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company.
J. L. WILLCUTT.
Secretary of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company.
San Francisco. Cal.. May ». 1898.
ATTORNEYS AT L,i.W.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. T. F.
STACK. 14 McAllister St.. room 64.
LAW of dlvoree: conscientious attorneys; $45
only; prompt; private. Room 41. 830 Pine st.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.
BICYCLES.
WANTED— Bicycle; second hand; state price,
etc Box 4601, Call.
STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture. carpets, pianos,
household poods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN. 1017 to 1022
Mission St., above Sixth; open evenings.
FX'RNITURE. trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse, 840 Mission st. ; tel. Mint 1821.
PIERCK-RUIH'LFH Storage and Moving Co ;
office. Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FOR lnwrst rates jjo to LOUIS J. OTTOMAN,
121 Sixth St.; open eveningß.^
TRUNKS. 2.'c a n<o. : other goods at low rat»s.
Signal Transfer Co.. 530 J->nes: t<M. Sutter 441.
MARRIAUE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows?
George 11. Nicklas and Helen A. Williams. 3o-3*
Robert G. Ross and Sadie N. Vail 21-20
Carl A. Trofz and Maria A. Lutz 32-20
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
. Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will n.it be Inserted. They must b«
handed In at either of the publication offices
and be endorsed with the name and residence of
parties authorized to have the same published.
DORN.
CROWLY— In this city. May 23, 1898, to the
wife of James M. Crowly, a son.
MILXE— In Suis-un. Cal., May 24. IS9B, to the
wife of John Milne, a son.
STANG— In this city, May S, 1898, to the wife
of Peter A. Stang, a son.
MARRIED.
ZETTLE— READY— In Watsonville, May 24,
1896. by the Rev. Mr. Pettis, Frank W. Zet-
tle and Mrs. Helen Ready.
DIED.
Alford. Martha C. Munk. Ernst
Cfcappo, Charles Murphy, William
Clark. Walter P. I'ixley," Amelia
ful'.en. Annie Reimers. Frederick
Fabbri, v. RflMnrmi. Charles
Foster, May Sherblum, Andrew
Grove, J. H. Bpencer, Warren
Henninpr, Otto Sttrnbarff, rlara
Jahnigen. Gustave Sullivan. Nash J.
Keith. Mrs. James D. Sutton. Robert 11.
Lalande, Jean Warren. John K.
Monnier, H. 8. Zier, Maria M.
ALFORD— In WatsoßVille, May 21, IS9B, Martha
C. Alford. aged, 76 years.
CHAPPO— In the City and County Hospital.
May 27, is:»s. Charles (,'happo, a native of
East Indies, aged 65 years.
CLARK— In this city May 26. IS9B. Walter Par-
sons Clark, a native of Massachusetts, aged
27 years 9 months and 23 days.
(CyFrienfls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invlt»l to attend the funeral services
this day (Saturday), at 1 o'clock, at the resi-
dence, 636 Valencia street. Interment private.
CI'LLEN-In this city, at the Potrero. May
27, IS?S, Annie, beloved wife of Edward Cul-
len, and mother of Eddie and Katie Cul-
len, a native of County Mayo, Ireland, aged
30 years.
FABBRI— In this city. May 25, 1898. G. Fahbrl
(Baby), beloved husband of the late Mary
Fabbri. father of Elizabeth, Romeo. George
and Nellie F.ibbri, son oi Ester Fabbri, and
brother of Ferdinand Fabbri, a native of
Italy, aged 44 years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), nt 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 6 Church avenue, between Vallejo
street and Broadway, thence to Sts. Peter and
Paul's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
FOSTER— In the City and County Hospital,
May 27. IS9B, May Foster, a native of Wash-
ington, aged 38 years.
GROVE— In Mariposa County, May 21, 1898,
J. H. Grove, aged 46 years.
HENNING— In this city. May 26. 1898, Otto,
beloved husband of Mary Henning, and
father of Mrs. J. H. Ollson, Mrs. C. A. Beer,
and Henry, Frederick, James. Charles,
George, John and the late Walter J. Hen-
ning, a native of Germany, aged 65 years S
months and 24 days.
(C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvite.i tii attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 62S I^nmbard street, thence to St.
Peter's Episcopal Church, Stockton and Fil-
bert streets, for services. Interment I. O.
O. F. .Cemetery.
JAHNIGEN— In Oakland, May 27. IS9B, Ous-
tave, beloved husband of Jeslne, and father
of Gustave Jr.. Marguerite, Waldmar. Adolph
and May Jahnlgen, a native of Germany,
aged 49 years 3 months and 27 days.
KEITH— In this city. May 27. !*9S, Mrs. James
I>. Keith, beloved wife of Captain James D.
Keith, and mother of Mrs. John A. Craw-
ford, a native of England, aged 62 years I
months and 5 days.
LALANDE— In this city, May 26. IRP'R. Jean
Lalande. beloved father of Louis J. Lalande,
a native of France, aged 77 years.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Oodeau, thence to Druids' Hall, where
services will be held, under the auspices of
Perseverance Grove No. 10, U. A. O. D. In-
terment Laure! Hill Cemetery.
MONNIER— In this city, May 26. UK, H. S.
Monnier. a native of New York, aged 39 yean
and 6 months.
MUNK— In this city. May 26, IS9S. Ernst Munk,
dearly beloved brother of Fritx Munk, Mrs.
George Wollenschlaeger, William and Gus-
tave Munk. Mrs. Loenhardt Maier and Mary
Munk, a native of Unterturkheim. Wurtem-
berg. Germany, aged 19 years 9 months and
2S days. (Calistoga, Napa County, paper*
please copy.)
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the fu- era! to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his sister, Mrs. Loenhardt Maier. 658 Brannan
street, between Fifth and Sixth, thence to
St. Paulus German Evangelical Lutheran
Church, corner Eddy and Gough streets.
where services will be held, commencing at
2 o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
MURPHY— In this city, at Ocean View, May
25. IS9B, after a brief illness of pneumonia,
William, beloved husband, of Mary J. Mur-
phy, and father of Maud. William. Harry
and Allle Murphy, a native of Millstreet,
County Cork. Ireland, aged ."2 years. A mem-
ber of Court Farallon No. 71, F. of A.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 315 Plymouth avenue. Ocean View,
thence to St. Michael's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will he celebrated for tha
repose of his boul. at 10 o'clock. Interment
Hply Cross Cemetery.
PIXLEY— In Corte Madera, Marin County,
Cal., May 26, ISM, Amelia Van Reynegom,
widow of the late Frank M. Pixley.
ETFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Sun-
day), at 2 o'clock, at her late residence,
southwest corner of Union and Flllmore
streets. Interment private. ,; -
tEIMERS— In this city. May 27. . 1898, Fred-
erick A., dearly beloved son of Frederick H.
and Christina E. Reimers. and brother .of
William. Gretchen and Edna Reimers. a na-
tive of Stockton, aged 5 months and 10 days.
. Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. ISO Bay street, between Kearny
and Dupont. Interment Cypress ■ Lawn
Cemetery.
ROBINSON— In this city. Miy gk MM. Charles,
beloved husband of Emma Robinson, father
of Annie Robinson, son-in-law of A. Spnoner,
and brother-in-law of Dave. Eddie, George.
John and Edith Snooner, a native of Wil-
mington, aged 36 years and 7 months.
(TT'Friendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 71S Harrison street, thence to the
Mlzpah Presbyterian Church, Harrison street,
near Fifth.
SHERBLUM— In this city. May 26, IS9B. An-
drew, beloved husband of Sophie, and father
of Eddie and Florence Sherblum, a native of
Finland, aged 40 years.
SPENCER— In Fresno. May 25. IW. Warren
Spencer, a native of Kansas, aged 21 years.
STERNBERG— In this city. May 27. 189S, Clara,
beloved daughter of D. L. and the late Ro-
salia Sternberg, and sister of Jennie. Sadie,
Less, Morris and Henry Sternberg and Mrs.
Ray Silverman, a native of Detroit. Mich.
SULLIVAN— In this city, May 25. IS9B. Nash
J., beloved husband of the late Mary Sulli-
van, and father of Daniel, Willie, David.
Eddy and Ll«zie Sullivan. Mrs. Robert Stock -
fleth and Mrs. Charles Schiller, a native of
Ireland, aged 57 years and 5 months. (Bos-
ton papers please copy.)
(CTFrlends and acquaintances and members
of the G. A. R. are respectfully invited to
attend tMe funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at
9:30 o'clock, from his late residence. 523 Third
street, thence to the Alcazar bu.ldlng, where
services will be held, under the auspices of
James A. Garfleld Post No. 34. Interment
National Cemetery.
SUTTON— In this city, May 27. 1898. Robert
Hall, youngest son of Walter and Bessie
Sutton* aged 1 year 9 months and 14 days.
WARREN— In this city. May 27, 1898. John K.
Warren, father of Frank W.. Sam 1., Irene
E. and George W. Warren, a native of Ire-
land, aged 65 years.
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the residence of his son, Sam I. Warren,
711 Shrader street.
ZIER— In Alameda, May 26, 1898, Maria Mag-
dalena Zier. beloved mother of Mrs. M.
Heldt and Mrs. S. Volgt. *-.nd grandmother
of Mrs J F. Forderer. Mrs. William C. For-
sythe, the late Mrs. William G. Taylor and
George, John, Edward, Wesley and Charles
Heldt, a native of Blshofshetm. Baden. Ger-
many, aged 87 years and 4 months. (Cincin-
nati papers please copy.)
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. M. Heldt. 2221 San
Antonio avenue, Alameda. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
I"" McAVOY & GALLAGHER, 5
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMBBS I
i 0 i-IFTH BT., Opp. Lineola 8»»««i.
Telephone. South 80. 9
Estab. 1868. Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCHRAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. Spacious chapel for than»«a n»«
of our patrons. Rubber tires on our ambulaaca.
1314
ASSAULTED
AND ROBBED
BY TWO MEN
R. J. Harrison Is the
Victim of Thugs.
WAYLAID ON SECOND STREET
RENDERED HELPLESS BY A
BLOW FROM A SANDBAG.
His Desp«rate Assailants Get Away
With His Gold Watch, Money
and Two Valuable
Diamond Studs.
R. J. Harrison , formerly of th© firm of I
Sherwood, Sherwood & Harrison, is the '
latest victim of thugs. Mr. Harrison was
walking along Folsom street Tuesday
night, and when near Second he was at
tacked by two men, one of whom struck
him on the head with a sandbag, fell
ing him to the sidewalk. While lying
prostrate one of his assailants robbed
him of a gold watch and chain, two dia- \
Bond studs and $15 in silver. After giv- i
Ing him a parting kick the thugs ran !
down Folsom street and made their es- ]
cape.
Mr. Harrison subsequently went to po
lice headquarters, where he reported the
robbery to Captain Spillane. beveral of
ficers were at once dispatched to the
scene, but they were unable to get a
trace of the desperate men.
Mr. Harrison describes the man who
struck him with the sandbag as being
about 35 years of age and having a red
dish mustache. lit- was poorly dressed
and wore a slouch hat, which was pulled
down over his eyes. His companion was
rather short, and had several weeks'
growth of beard on his face.
In telling his story to Chief Lees yes
terday, the victim of the thugs said he
had been visiting a friend, and was on
the way home, when he noticed the rob
bers. They were concealed in a doorway,
and as he passed them the taller of the
two men attacked him.
As he fell to the sidewalk the wielder
of the sandbag told his companion to
"search the bloke." Catching a gljmpse
of the diamond studs which adorned Mr.
Harrison's shirt bosom, the younger rob
ber hastily wrenched them from their
fastenings". After satisfying themselves
that they had secured all his valuables,
the thugs left the scene and immediately
disappeared in the darkness.
During the past few weeks several rob
beries have occurred in the same vicinity.
The police are inclined to believe that the
men who assaulted Mr. Harrison are re
sponsible for the hold-ups, and every ef
fort is being made to apprehend them.
TO SETTLE THE
UNIFORM QUESTION
AN APPEAL WILL EE SENT TO
WASHINGTON.
Labor Men Despair of Being Able to
Make a Satisfactory Agree
ment With Major
Long.
The publication of the fact that a num
ber of the uniforms for the volunteers
■wore being manufactured in Chinatown
has created a stir which promises to res
urrect the old question of Chinese labor.
During the past week every labor organi
zation in the city has discussed the mat
ter ar.d committees from both central
bodies have been conferring with Labor
Commissioner ruzgerald and Major Long
In an effort to have the matter adjusted
without appealing to the War Depart
ment, but no satisfactory arrangements
have as yet been made.
At the meeting of the Labor Council
last night its committee reported that,
while Major Long had promised to re
quest contractors to' give the work to
white people only, he would not agree to
imposing a fine for violation of such an
agreement. A committee from the Build
ing Trades Council was present and re
quested the sister body to indorse the res
olutions published in this morning's Call,
a copy of which ha.s already been for
warded to Washington by telegraph. The
council, after a lengthy discussion, in
dorsed the resolutions and ordered that a
telegram be sent to Washington urging
that in the future a clause be inserted in
all contracts which would effectually put
a stop to the work being done by Chinese.
Bo heated did the members become over
the matter that many are of the opinion
that, should the Government refuse to
grant this request, such action be taken
by worklngmen as would compel recruit
ing officers to go to Chinatown for vol
unteers on the next call for troops.
The routine business of the council was
very light. The Musicians' Union report
ed that the Society of Old Friends had
canceled its contract with a non-union
band and had agreed to have union music
at its picnic. The late Judge Campbell
■was president of this society, and he had
been appealed to to use his influence in
the matter. After his death a letter was
found in his pocket addressed to the
union, stating that he was a friend of
workingmen and would do his utmost to
give the job to union musicians. It was
at a meeting called chiefly to consider
this matter that he died. The letter was
forwarded to the union by Archie Camp
bell, and was ordered spreaa on the min
utes. It was further reported that busi
ness was fairly good, owing to the num
ber of musicians employea in escorting
troops from the depot to the camps.
The printers reported that the strik©
condition was practically unchanged, and
that the union is constantly in need of
financial assistance, as the strike ex
penses average over $1200 per week. Semi
monthly donations are made oy many of
the local unions, which are very accept
able, and an appeal has been sent out to
Eastern unions.
The Fresno Scandal.
"When the oaso of Myron H. Azhdaerfan,
Mrs. Elsie Williams and Mrs. Grace
Loose, charged with extorting $2000 from
Millionaire Nevllls of the Rawhide gold
mine, wns called in Judge Joachtmscn's
court yesterday afternoon to go on with
the cross-examination of Mrs. Warren
Newcomb. Assistant District Attorney
Dunne asked f<>r a continuation, as be
was engaged in a case in the Superior
Court. The attorneys for the defense of
fered no objection and the case was con
tinued till this morning at 11 o'clock.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
BABY'S
AWFUL
My baby sister had a rash, causing her in.
tense suffering. We had doctors, and tried
everything,' without a cure. It would scab
over, crack open, a watery matter would ooze
out and the scab fall off. "Wo procured a box
of Cctiouka (ointment), a cake of Cctiottka
■ Soap, and Cuticcra Resolvent, and she was
entirely cured without a scar being left.
::/■■. '-, Miss LILLIE CHASE, Bristol, Vt.
Bnx»T Cvnc Tb«*tmekt. — Warm b«thi with Cim.
CTBABOA^«ei>tle anointing! with Ccticuba. the gnat
■kin cure, and mild dos«of_C£Tieu»A R*soltb»t. •
Bold throughout fh« world. Potter Daco ajtd Chbm.
- cSxri, TBorton. HowtoCur.firer7Hamor.ft~-
SUTRO A
NEW SOURCE
OF STRIFE
Aged Philanthropist
May Be Moved.
COURTS TO BE INVOKED
CLARA AND CHARLES SOLICIT
OUS FOR THEIR FATHER
Rumor Persistent in Asserting That
a Strong Effort Will Be Mad©
to Change the Ole Man's
Residence.
There was a rumor current yesterday
that Charles and Clara Sutro, children
of Adolph Sutro, would resort to legal
proceedings to-day, with a view to having
the enfeebled philanthropist restored to
his home by the ocean. Some weeks ago
a gTeat deal of comment was occasioned
by his being forcibly removed from there
by his daughter, Mrs. Dr. Merritt, despite
the protestations of other children. Since
then he has been occupying apartments
in the Merritt residence, receiving the
care and professional skill of his daugh
ter. It was said that the other children
were opposed to his remaining there, as
he missed the ocean breezes and the fa
miliar scenes of his beautiful home, and
that this was retrmling his recovery.
Rumor also had it that the two chil
dren had combined against Mrs. Dr. Mer
ritt and -had instructed their attorneys,
Messrs. Bishop and Wheeler, to institute
proper legaJ remedies for the possession
of his person.
Miss Clara Sutro, a daughter of the ex-
Mayor, was seen at the family residence
last evening, and although not denying
that such a course would be pursued, was
reluctant to say anything in the matter
and referred her interviewer to her at
torney, Charles S. Wheeler.
When seen the latter did not deny that
he was going to file some papers, whether
to-day or to-morrow he could nor sa\
"There is not to my persona! knowledge
anything in the rumor," said Mr. Wheeler,
"that papers will be filed to-day to gain
possession of his person. It is my opin
ion Mr. Sutro will be in his home within
a short time— that is. as soon as his
strength and the weather will permit. I
am the attorney for Miss Clara, and as
such have not been called on to prepare
siu-h papers. The documents that will be
filed shortly relate to taxes and rmittt-r.-*
appertaining to the estate. I am not de
sirous at present to make known their
contents, as it would be unprofessional.
Everything is going along smoothly, and
I think that the children will reach an
amicable settlement and the old gentle
man will be removed to the Heights. I
can assure you that so far as I know there
will he no effort to have him taken there
by legal means."
PABST CAFE BEOPENS.
Hagerty & Leor.hardt Are the New
Managers Who Will Conduct
It to Success.
The Pabst Cafe at the junction of
Powell and Ellis streets is to be re
opened.
Such an announcement will undoubt
edly come to many of the people of the
city as a pleasurable surprise and the
consummation of a long existent desire.
Since its discontinuance some months
ago San Francisco has been deprived
of one of its most select, handsome and
most appropriate family as well as
private resorts and its recontinuance is
looked forward to by the general pub
lic with eager anticipation.
There are many cafes throughout the
length and breadth of the city, but
there is none that people can look to
with more pride than the gem of ar
tistic and architectural beauty on
Powell street. Its reopening under a
new management will most certainly
inspire the public with confidence in
the indefatigable efforts that are being
exerted by the present owners in open
ing the once popular resort on a larger
and more elaborate style and Bystem of
accommodation.
Messrs. Charles Leonhardt and Rob
ert D. Hagerty, two of San Francisco's
native sons, are the new managers and
need little, if any, introduction to the
public. For six years they conjointly
conducted the Golden Gate Villa at the
Ocean Beach and it Is needless to say
well and successfully. They are young
men who understand their business
thoroughly and intend to put this
knowledge and skilled tact of manage
ment toward furthering the success of
their new venture by first endeavoring
to please their patrons, as they have
been accustomed to do for years.
The accommodation of the Pabst Cafe
at present Is forty private dining
rooms, including one large dining-room
superbly decorated and adorned with
valuable and costly original oil paint-
Ings, depicting the principal character
istic scenery of California, Including
glimpses of Yasemite Valley, the su
perb beauty of our mountain systems,
etc.
The cafe is destined to spring into
popularity almost as soon as it is open
ed under the new management, as un
der a complete and more desirable ac
commodation, the lack of which has
been the cause of Its previous decay
as a popular resort. Its proximity with
the leading theaters and easy access to
almost the entire railway system of
the city will increase its popularity, as
it will be most convenient to theater
goers. *
Alleged Horse Thieves.
F. Buchignani. a teamster living at
1417% Dupont street, swore to a complaint
in Judge Joachimsen's court yesterday
for the arrest of C. Bacigalupi and Robert
Jlentz two boys, on the charge of grand
larceny. Buchignant alleges that he had
two horses grazing In a lot at Lombard
and Francisco streets, and Tuesday after
noon the two boys rode away with the
horses and it is thought sold them.
Will Examine the Books.
Judge Belcher yesterday granted City
Attorney Creswell permission to examine
the books of the City Treasury for the
purpose of securing evidence to be used
in the suit of the city against ex-Treas
urer Widber and his sureties, the Fidelity
and Deposit Company of Maryland. In
;>!! probability the suit will be tried next
month.
Found a Babe.
Found a Body.
Robert Fair, a young man living at
the Brunswick, on Sixth street, found a
newly born baby last night on a doorstep
of a house on Howard street, between
Fifth and Sixth. It was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce on the ground of de
sertion worp filed by the following lit
igants yesterday: Betsy J. Buird against
A. J. Baird; Fnnnie Kelly against Ernest
Kelly; Augusta Qunther against Carl
Gunther.
If you want to read a live weekly that
does not mince words read the Star. Five
cents; $1 50 per year; edited by James H
Barry, 429 Montgomery street. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 28, IS9B.
A NEW PARK COMMISSIONER.
Dr, John F. Morse Will Succeed Irving M, Scott, Who
Has Just Resigned,
Irving M. Scott has been called East to consult the Navy Department forth
with on matters of grave importance. In order to make the trip without violat
ing that law which forbids park commissioners to leave the State he has for
warded his resignation.
Mr. Scott's term had really expired, though under the law a commissioner Is
allowed to hold office until his successor is appointed and qualified. It will
please those who know his sterling qualities to learn that Dr. John F. Morse
will probably be appointed to the position made by Mr. Scott's resignation, and
that the appointment will be made at an early date. Dr. Morse has a wide circle
of friends, and nobody stands higher among laymen as well as among mem
bers of his own profession than he. His education and habits have been such
as to carry out his esthetic tastes. He is a lover of good horses and an admirer
of art and landscape gardening, so he will bring to the duties of commissioner a
most thorough comprehension of the needs of the park and a skillful taste
in helping to mold it into various forme of use and beauty.
COMMISSIONERS
ARE PATRIOTIC
Golden Gate Park for
Military Drills.
PARADES ON THE ROADS
TBOOPS IN THE CITY'S PLEAS
UBE" GROUND.
Full Use of the Main Driveway Up
to 9 O'Clock a. m. — Side
Boads Are Freely
Accorded.
The volunteer troops !n camp at
Richmond find Golden Gate Park a de
lightful place for exercise. The broad
avenues and smooth place around the
music stand afford ideal drill grounds,
and the Park Commissioners in their
patriotism have ignored many idle ob
jections to the use of the park for the
purposes of military instruction and
given the regimental and company of
ficers much greater freedom than is al
lowed for purposes of drill on the Pre
sidio reservation, owned by the Gov
ernment. At the Presidio only the
drill plain can be used by the soldiers.
At Golden Gate Park the main drive
way can be used by the troop 3 until 9
o'clock in the morning. Use of the side
drives and the ample spaces around the
music stand is permitted at all times.
At the last meeting of thu Board of
Park Commissioners some protests
were made by persons who ride and
drive in the park against the use
of the main driveway for drilling
troops. The protests allege that the
evolutions of the various command.!
frighten the horses and increase the
danger of accidents. In order to ac
commodate the military people and at
the same time keep the main avenue
free for the pleasure and convenience
of the public, Irving M. Scot! intro
duced a resolution, which \va9 adopted,
giving the soldiers free use of the main
driveway until 9 a. m. each day, and
after that hour giving it exclusively to
the public use.
No restriction was placed on the use
of any other section of the park drives
by the troops. The lawns, of course,
are not used for drill purposes at any
military post and are not so used at
Golden Gate Park.
The generous use of the grounds in
Golden Gate Park accorded by the
Board of Commissioners Is appreciated
by the officers and enlisted men of the
volunteer army encamped at Rich
mond. It Is a beautiful sight to see the
men marching and drilling, and thou
sands of spectators enjoy the spectacle,
regarding it as an additional attraction
of the magnificent pleasure ground. It
will be counted to the credit of patriotic
San Francisco in years to come that
her superb park was practically given
to the Government as a camp of in
struction for the volunteer regiments.
Ysaye on Sunday.
The programme for the farewell con
cert to be given by Ysaye, Gerardy and
Laehaume at the Baldwin Theater on
Sunday night will be as follows:
Trio, C Minor Beethoven
MM. Laehaume, Ysaye and Gerardy.
Fantasle, "Appasslonate" Vleux temps
M. Ysaye.
"Lea Deslr" (fantasie) Servals
M. Gerardy.
Allegro de Concert Gulrand
M. Laehaume.
(a) "Legrende" Wlenlawskl
(b) ' 'ZlKennerwelsen' ' Sarasate
M. Ysaye.
(a) ' 'Berceuse Godard
(b) "Tarentelle" V. Herbert
M. Gerardy.
Finale from the trio Rubinstein
MM. Laehaume, Yea ye and Gerardy.
El Campo.
The Ukiah was pretty well crowded the
day our boys sailed for Manila, but on
Sunday there is an abundance of room
for all comers. Four round trips give
plenty of deckroom for all. There is no
dust at El Campo. so the rain wasn't
really necessary. It made the trees look
fresher, however.
Dairymen Seek Pasture.
In consequence of the dry season and
the advance in the price of feed several
dairymen have sought new pasturage for
their stock. Among those who have de
cided to move their stock from San Fran
cisco is Richard Keller. Kelier has start
ed his entire herd for Marin County,
where he expects to obtain better and
cheaper feed. Several other milkirfen will
move their stock to adjoining counties in
the near future for the same reason.
War incidents.
Dr. Harry J. MrXulty of Berkeley
sailed with the fipot for Manila as surgeon
of the transport Australia.
The following m«?;iKc was received at
Camp Richmond yesterday:
COLLINSVILLE. Pa.. May 27, IS9B.
To Captain F. B. Hawkins, Company '
D, Tenth Pennsylvania Iniantry, San
Francisco, Cal.: Call on San Francisco
National Bank for $1000 through Hanover
National Bank, New York, for members
of your company from c<"»Uinsvilie citi
sens. Distribute. Congratulations to the
boys. JOHN A. ARMSTRONG.
The German Hospital has offered the I
free use of its wards for the sick soldlerr.. ;
The management wishes to announce the
receipt of a donation of rubber boots and
blankets for the nurses who went with
the troops t<> Manila.
The two battalions of the Sixth Califor
nia Regiment of Volunteers are still
camped in tents at the Presidio, but they
expect to receive orders at any time to !
move into the vacant barracks at the !
post. Testerday blouses were supplied
for four companies, and the whole com- :
maud was furnished with underclothing
and overphirts.
The shower of rain yesterday and last ;
i night produced no discomforts at Camp i
i Richmond. The sandy soil of that dis- j
trict rapidly absorbed the moisture.
• Court Yerba Buena of the Independent
Order of Foresters at its last held meet- i
ing went one step further than any other
organization. It was announced that at j
! the meeting on Tuesday next the court j
i will adopt a resolution not only to pay j
! the dues and assessments of members
; who may enlist for the war, but to create j
j a fund to help the families' of, such mem-
I bers during the absence of such members
I In the service of the United States.
The Ohio Society at its meeting last i
I night authorized its president to issue a :
I call to the 4500 Ohioans in San Francisco
I to assemble for the purpose of welcoming
i the troops from Ohio when they reach i
this city on the way to the Philippines.
Private Sharpe of Company E, Seventh
California Regiment, was taken to the
French Hospital late yesterday afternoon
suffering from pneumonia.
A most successful patriotic entertain
ment in aid of the Red Cross Society was
given at Bethany Congregational Church
last evening under the auspices of Miss
Rebecca Klmball's Sabbath-school class.
Thomas Sharkey wants. to do something ]
for. the Red Cross fund, and he has vol- ]
unteered to box six rounds with Henry j
Baker at the Chutes this afternoon. The
benefit is under the auspices of the Vereln
Oesterreich, and In addition to the regu
lar attractions in the zoo and free thea- j
ter a special performance with, many j
novelties will be given at 5 o'clock. The |
grounds will be open from 10 In the morn
ing until midnight, and a handsome sum
will undoubtedly be realized.
It having been decided for sanitary
reasons that no mascots in the shape of
living creatures can be taken on the Ma
nila expeditions, Major Mulford of the
First Regiment of Nebraska Volunteers
has disposed of the 'regimental eagle
named "Nebraska,", presented by "William
J. Bryan, by giving It to a Nebraska
young man, Frank Kaufman, who will
take the bird of freedom to Butte, Mont. I
It Is a singular fact that the eagle is to I
have. his home in a Butte precinct that
gave 237 votes for Bryan and not one for
McKlnley. Whether this American eagle
will appreciate the , free-silver surround
ings of that precinct remains to be seen.
The eight companies of the Sixth Cali
fornia, who have been camped In tents at
the r Presidio for two weeks, will to-day
move into the barracks- at the post.
They are to ,be retained ,' here, together
with other troops, for coast defense.
■ Valley Lodge N0.' 30 of the Ancient Or
der of United Workmen, which has a
membership of 763, at its meeting last
Wednesday night resolved by a unani
mous ■ vote to pay ' all dues and assess
ments of all its members who, during the
present war have, or shall enlist, in the
army or navy of the United States.
Past Grand Master Drew of the Inde
pendent Order of Odd Fellows Is busy in
Fresno. in the organization of a company
of volunteers, which, if he can secure the
requisite number of men, he will offer as
part of California's -quota on the second
call. ■ ■■■■■'■' ' .• . -:.*■ ..
■ Battery C. California' Heavy Artillery,
has been ordered to Fort Canby.
Batteries A and D of the Volunteer Ar
tillery will move into tents at Fort Point
to ; make room in the brick barracks of
the ' Presidio • for < the Sixth Regiment of
California Infantry. T- Tl f''>T'othintr nnd
shoes were issued to the Sixth on Thurs
d.°'' . .
There will be a pretty ceremony at the
Presidio at 1:30 o'clock this afternoon,
when Judge J. C. jj. Hebbard will present
Battery A, Heavy Artillery, Lieutenant
Herbert Choynski, with a stand of colors.
The presentation is made in behalf of the
following citizens: A. C. Freese, Paul
Oesting, R. Fischbeck. Chris Neuman, E.
M. Graney, SI and Charles Green, Charles
i ■ ■ it I :>  .1 •> « ■■ .;n.
Judge Hebbard, H. Hermanser, Thomas
H. Williams, R. E. Miller, E. McCluir. L.
M. Hoefler, J. D. Sullivan. The presenta
tion will take place on the parade
ground it the weaihei ;s pieasant
Money for the State.
Treasurer Reis left for Sacramento yes
terday morning with $314,506 89 as the
State s portion of San Francisco's semi
annual settlement.
NEWHALL
STANDS PAT
Olympic President Talks
of the Dismissals.
SAYS THEY WERE JUSTIFIED
BUT THE MAJORITY OF MEM
BERS ARE IN REVOLT.
They Strongly Object to the Methods
of the Management as Sacri
ficing Clean Sport to
Money.
Never in the history of the Olympic
Club has there been such Internal strife
as has been created by the discharge of
Professor Walter Watson and Professor
Hugo Beleau. Members have risen in
open revolt against the action of the
board of directors, and threaten all sorts
of things, while the board, believing as
it does that it has acted wisely and in the
interest of the organization, vows to re
sign if its action is not upheld.
The exclusive story of its action as pub
lished in The Call last Thursday has
created a deal of discussion among mem
bers and the large following of the manly
art in this city. It would seem that the
consensus of opinion is that the directors
are making- a grave mistake when they
discharge such a recognized exponent of
boxing as Professor Watson.
Charges of lack of interest on the part
of the leader, Howard Taylor, are fre-
I quenMy heard, and the directors are crlti
i cized for their bad management. It is
! said that if the latter had paid more at
; tention to the welfare of the members
I and not to money-making ventures such
| as professional fights there would be no
need to retrench by discharging Watson
and Beleau.
Howard Taylor's unpopularity with the
members is another reason advanced to
account for the present conllict. In
years past, it is said, the gymnasium was
crowdeil daily with gymnasts, boxers,
wrestlers and fencers, because the leaders
created interest by frequently holding
tournaments. During the past six months
members have been compelled to buy
their way into the club to see men pum
mel each other, while under other di
rectors they were able to witness clever
exhibitions" without charge. Under the
present leader the interest in athletics
has subsided, and now, as was pointedly
remarked by one dissatisfied member,
"the club has been turned into a good
bathhouse."
With a view to meeting the present
crisis President Newhall called a meeting
of the board in his office yesterday, but
owing to the inclement weather but one
put in an appearance, and he was "Billy'
Kennedy, a salaried employe. Another
notice was sent out by Mr. Newhall for a
special meeting, which will be held in the
club on Tuesday next.
When asked whether the directors
would be governed by the wishes of the
members, Mr. Newhall said: "We have
acted in this matter as we think proper,
and if the members are not satisfied with
what we have done it is about time we
resigned. The reason why Mr. Watson
was discharged was because of his slow
ness and inattention to business. We had
Occasion to remonstrate with him. but he
paid no attention to what was said. It is
said that DeWitt Van Court was slated for
the position of instructor, but it is not
so. He has been recommended by mem
bers, as also has Professor Bean. The
latter hns been strongly objected to, and
if we can decide on neither we will send
Kast and get the best to be had. Mem
!» rs have frequently complained of Mr.
Watson, saying that he went about a les
son as if he was conferring a favor. He
lias gone round to many prominent mem
beri who are my friends and asked them
to intercede in his behalf. They have
done so. but I do not consider them judges
of Mr. Watson, as they are not in the
habit of going into the gymnasium. The
reason why we let Mr. Beleau out is that
there is not enough for him to do during
the summer months. On June Ist the
juvenile class closes for two months. Then
again, a great many of the ladies are
away in the country, and it was thought
that Professor Meihllng was able to at
tend to these along with his other duties,
thus saving quite n sum to the club. I do
not care to say anything about Mr. Tay
lor's qualifications as a leader, as he is
acting as su^'n under my administration.
I do not think the directors will interfere
in the matter, as the change Is needed
and is the best thing fnr the club."
Kneisel Quartet Farewell.
The Kneisel Quartet pave its concluding
concert at Sherman-Clay Hall last even-
Ing to an enthusiastic audience, and for
the first time the artists broke their rule
and played a.n encore— Tschaikowski's
Quartet. Franz Kneisel appeared as a
soloist for the first time, and played Gold
r. ar' s r»« i a»*nfi 1 i "Mr ri< • vi< • > cOTerto
op. 2S and the delicious Hungarian Dance
of Brahms. Alvin Schroeder repeated his
'cello solo success of Thursday afternoon
b- i s'-'"r' n-n-i'tioi-. P ' -'"""i *"iii's
Ada.glo and Minuetto con Variazon!. a
number new to San Francisco. Works of
Beethoven. Grieg and Schubert complet
ed an enjoyable programme.
Fraudulent Voting.
Michael W. Driscoll, who was arrested
Thursday for falsely swearing in his vote
in the First Precinct of the Twenty
eighth District, appeared before Judge
Joachfrasen yesterday morning. Registrar
Btggy was present In court, and by con
sent the case was continued till Wednes
day next.
Bad Digestion, Bad Heart.
Poor digestion often causes Irregularity
of- the heart's action. This Irregularity
may be mistaken for real, organic heart
disease. The symptoms are much the
same. There is, however, a vast differ-
ence between the two: organic heart dis-
| ease' Is often incurable; apparent heart
disease Is curable if good digestion be
restored.
A case In point is quoted from the New
Era of Greensburg, Ind. Mrs. Ellen Col-
som. Newpoint, Ind., a woman 43 years
old, had suffered for four years with dis-
tressing stomach trouble. The gases gen-
erated by the indigestion pressed on the
heart and caused an irregularity of its
action. She had much pain in her stomach
and heart, and was subject to frequent
and severe ' choking spells, which were
most severe at night. Doctors were tried
in vain; the patient became worse, de-
spondent, and feared Impending death
- . r**
A Case of Heart Failure. .
She was much frightened, but noticed
that in Intervals in - which' her ' stomach
did not annoy her her heart's action be-
came normal. -Reasoning -correctly that
her. digestion was alone at fault she pro-
cured the proper medicine to treat that
trouble, and with immediate good results.
Her appetite came 'back,; the •• choking
spells became, less frequent and finally
ceased. Her weight, which had been
greatly reduced,' was restored, and she
now weighs more than for years. Her
blood soon became pure and her cheeks
rosy. ■
The case Is of general interest ' because
the disease is a very. common one. That
others may know the means of cure we
give ■ the I name of the medicine used— Dr.
Williams' * Pink Pills < for Pale . Peopfo.
These pills contain all the elements neces-
sary to give ! new life and richness to • the
blood and restore shattered nerves.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ___
Grand I
Afternoon Concert To=Day. I
2 to 5.
Programme:
PART I PART "•
(We close every night, including Saturday, thP Coon" Chattaway I
at 6.) (Our Ladies' Parlor and Private Fitting I
3 Violin solo, "Grandfather" Langer Rooms open.)
a. vioim D^' ]( - igt <T Josepng . g. Selection. "The Serenade" Herbert I
The celebrated companion piece to "Grand- 9. Waltz, "Wie-aner Madl'n Zierer I
mother." "Vienna Beauties," one of the World's I
4 Selection, "lolanthe" Sullivan Fair Successes.)
(Monday, Decoration Day, our store is On our Cloak Department all alterations I
closed all day.) 10 Marcn> .. The Anier)can Patro ,..
5. Waltz. "Iton.lezvous _.....- .. ;; -.-Kosey Meacham I
6. Medley, "A Cluster of Peaches ••■•■•■• The appn.a^h. arrival and departure of I
■ never tne army. Introducing "Columbia, the Gem I
Introducing "The Czar of the Tender; "Yankee Doodle." I
loin.-' 'Don't Mention Her Name. U. Ctavotte. "Circus Renx" Fliege 9
'•Honey U Ver Owinc Ter Throw Me [The Celebrated McCall Patterns to.)
Down'"' "The Warmest Baby in the: 12. March. 'Remus Takes the Cake"....
Bunch." "On the Bunks of the Wabash," > YJrt 1 l"e;-"a -..Ellis I
"Rehearsal for the Cake Walk." The Star-S^angled Banner."
To=Day from 8 a. m. to I
12 noon. I
Every lady who purchases in our Millinery Depart-
ment goods to the value of 50 cents will receive free
of charge one of the celebrated
"Newport Sailor I
Hats." I
One of the latest rough-and-ready straws.
See our Millinery display in one of the handsomest
departments in this city.
See our display of patriotic goods — Flags, Badges,
Souvenirs, etc.
See our new Gloves, Ties, Hosiery, Laces and
Handkerchiefs.
WE CLOSE AT 6.
937=939=941=943-945=947 Market Street.
TV/0 SPLENDID TRAINS DAILY
XO XHE EAST
wa Great Rock Island Route.
ROCKY MOUNTAIN
LIMITED
Leaves DENVER, . . 9:30 a. m.
" COLO. SPRINGS, 9:35 a. m.
Arrives LINCOLN . 11:45 p. m. |
" OMAHA, . . 1:30 a.m.
" DES MOINES, . 5:25 a. m.
« DAVENPOKT, . 9:48 a. m.
" CHICAGO, . 2:15 p. m.
Next Day.
Through Sleepers and Chair Cars
Colorado to Chicago. Wide Vesti- j
bule throughout. The finest train j
in the We<3t.
These are New Trains In adc
For particular* and folders giving time of
F. W. THOMPSON,
T. P. A.. 214 S. Spring St., Los Angelea. Cal.
E. E. MacLEOD,
A. G. P. A.. TOPEKA.
GENUINE
AND CHOICE
ORIENTAL
Brought *T% JT •N f4
Direct from 31 g if' %^
&r. HUIJO
■ BY— -; ■
LEVON BABAYAN,
A Native Merchant,
WILL BE BOLD OUT
AT AUCTION
Thursday, Friday and Saturday,
May 26, 27 and 28,
At 2 p. m. Each Day,
AT 106=108 GRANT AVENUE,
': Between, Post and Geary. •
GOODS ON VIEW TO-DAY.
: We are Instructed to sell these goods regard-
less of cost to close out the entire stock. ;
ASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.. •
• - ' ■ Auctioneers.
00 000 00 000000
%r% rH * PALACE **°§
%CRAND "° T WM*%
q ' SAN FftANCtSCO. q
J» 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attaohsd. *f
O -Ai. Vrram On Mjwaom*-" . °
O NOTE THE PRICES: O
f\ European Plan. Sl. OO per day and upward n
~ American P1an.»3.00 per day *ai upward
O ' .•;.i.Vrn<p»nil»ni > -. <lnl»«l. : O
O JOHN 0. XIREFATBIOS, Muipt.  :O '
oo o o 000 000 0000 C OO o. j
raxsvv, We Rent all Makes. Few partly
jg&ggga used for Sale cheap. Send for
&ra£tfY Samples and Prices. _
P^SAJ L. &. M. ALEXANDER
$&Ms&> Agents SMITH PREMIER
TT~* a Tl^l tO MONTGOMERY ST.. S. F..CAL
lA/. X. HESS,
' NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW, .
Tenth Floor." Room 1115, Claus SpreckeU Bldg. i
- = Telephone Brown 931. -
"Residence. 821 California street, below
Powell, San Francisco.
COLORADO FLYER
Leaves DENVER, . . 2:45 p. m.
" COLO. SPRINGS, 2:45 p. m.
Arrives TOPEKA, . . 7:30 a. m.
" KANSAS CITY, 9:15 a. m.
Ar. ST. LOUIS, (Wab. Ry.)6:15 p. m.
Arrives ST. JOSEPH, . 10:40 a. m.
Ar. LINCOLN, (Ex. Sun.) 6:42 a. m.
Ar. OMAHA, (Ex. Sun.) 8:50 a. m.
Through Sleepers Colorado Springs
to St. Louis via Wabash Ry.
lition to our former service.
these trains write
CLINTON JONES,
GENERAL AGENT. 624 MARKET STREET.
JNO. SEBASTIAN,
G. P. A.. CHICAGO.
THE BANNER LINE
PROM
Sff" DAWSQN CITY »
;; FORT.SELKIRK«:
FIRST SAILING DATE JUNE 14.
THE POPULAR STEAMER
CLEVELAND,
(Capacity 1500 tons. Accommodations for 839
Passengers.)
This steamer has been elegantly fitted up
for passenger service equal to any steamer on
this cooet. Guaranteed speed 14 knots. Con-
necting at St. Michael with the powerful
floating palace of the Yukon,
STEAMER MARY ELLEN GALVIN.
Length 200 feet, beam 40 feet, draft 18 Inches;
with accommodations for 435 passengers.
This steamer is the most powerful boat that:
has been built for the Yukon. Electric lighted
throughout; with a 10,000-candle power search-
light: fitted with nil modern Improvements.
Table on both - steamers unsurpassed. fv .
Sailing dates of our other steamers later on.
For tickets, freight and full information call
on or address.
NORTH BRITISH-AMERICAN CO., LTD.,
305 MARKET STREET,
TEL. CLAY 202.
Or J G. McCALL, Gen. Pass, and Freight Agt.
46 Market St.. San Francisco (one block from
ferry). Tel. - Prumm 8.
___ _— ' - . .
MADE ME A MAN
MAJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CtJBE .
1 . AX£ Nervous J»i*ca»eJt— Mem- :
•1 ory, Impotence. Sleeplessness, etc., caused >
1 by Abuse or other Excesses aim India* I
ji ' cretion*. They quickly and turelu .
T restore Lost Vitality la old or young, ana '
)l fit a man for study, business or marriage 1 ,
£tt» Frov«;.t Insanity and Consumption if
ne. Their use shows lmmedialu improve-
ment aud rTocta a Cu'EC wbero ail other fail In-
fiat i nroiV hnvlnc the genuine AJax Tablots. They :
have cared thousands and will euro you. We rive a pos- !
itive written gcarmitoe to effect a core Eft I^TC la :
each caoaor refund the money. Price WV V I Viper :
package; or six pkces (full treatment) for t2.HO, by I
mail, la plain wrapper, upon receipt of pric«. Circular ■
free. AJAX Wjßifw ffny CO. . rh'Yj?"?!?*-* i
For Bale in San Francisco by Lelpnitz & Co.,
136 Sutler. No-Percentage Pharmacy. 949 Ukt,
PcP c & B. BUILDING PAPER i
. >, And P. &B. READY ROOFING, j
. Sold by all first-class dealers, are clean, odor- !
less., of great strength. . reasonable in price and '
easy. to transport. They keep heat, cold, damp-
ness and . dust - out -of - buildings; are particu- *
larly adapted to Alaskan trade. , PARAFFINS
PAINT CO., 116 Battery at. TeL Main 1781. ■ .