VOLUME LXXXIY- NO. 56.
SPAIN SEEKS A CHANCE
FOR PEACE NEGOTIATIONS
WOULD END
THE WAR OF
DESPAIR
Dogs Prefer American to
Insurgent f^ule in
Cuba.
It Would Seen) That the Madrid
Government Is Ripe for Any
Reasonable Proposition
Special Cable to The Call and the Ssw York Herald. Copyrighted, 189S,
by James Gordon Bennett.
MADRID, July 25. — Immense importance is attached
here to the words of Secretary Day favoring peace on terms
which would avoid the necessity of Spain having to continue
the war of despair. At present Spain is absolutely keenly eager
to find an opportunity for opening peace negotiations. Secre
tary Day seems to have given the opening, and it n.ay not be
amiss to state that just now peace will be very easy upon what
diplomatists here describe as the only possible basis; that is to
say. the independence of Cuba under an American guarantee
with the good will of Spain. It is estimated here that the
Americans after a brief practical experience in Cuba will realize
the enormous difficulties attending its government without
Spanish assistance. I have tried several times to emphasize the
growing sentiment here that Spain would be willing to accept
any honorable means which would safeguard Spanish interests in
Cuba. That is the dominating note to which the terms of peace
are set. To speak plainly, it means almost any proposition which
would not mean the predominance of the insurgents. It is felt
with satisfaction here that the Americans particularly real
ize the absolute worthlessness of the piratical, undis
ciplined insurgents, who pretend to have the necessary qualities
to govern Cuba. The Spanish feeling is more in favor of Ameri
cans than the insurgents.
AN ARMISTICE WILL
NOT BE CONSIDERED
NEW YORK, July 25.— The Herald's
. ington correspondent telegraphs:
For some reason not yet known the
Washington authorities talk to-night
as if they knew Bomethlng of the re
port that the .Spanish Government had
drawn up a message proposing an ar
mistice. A naei the Cabinet told
me to-night he had reason to believe
the report was true. I asked a mem
ber of the Cabinet if he believed the
President would consent to an armistice
if asked for by Spain.
"No, emphatically no." he replied.
"With the Porto Rican campaign under
way, a part of the army already landed
and other ite, It is ridicul
ous to suppose that the United States
. stop short in its opr-ratk.ns to
permit Spain to think about what terms
of peace she may at some future time
proj.
L<>NDON T . July 25. — It is announced
in a special dispatch from Madrid, pub
lished here this afternoon, that the
Spanish < Juvcrnment has drawn up a
message, addressed to the Government
at Washington, proposing an armistice
for th^ purpose of discussing the terms
upon which peace with the United
States can be arranged.
The Madrid correspondent of the
Standard says: There still is an en
deavor to keep alive the impress!.. h
that something is going on behind the
scenes in the direction of peace, but
the prevailing idea is that the war will
continue until the fall of Manila and
the Invasion of Porto Rico. Peace is im
possible until there is more unanimity
In Spain with regard to the necessary
sacrifices of their territory. The Minis
ters, having arrived at an understand
ing, will await the march of events. A
Cabinet crisis has been averted for the
time being.
Those who succeed the present Cabi
net will be obliged ere long to ask the
country to submit to terms profoundly
repugnant to the national pride. The
prospect of Intermediary Cabinets is
loyal and correct atti
tude of General Pulavieja, who declines
to become th* instrument of politicians
eagfr to create a third party.
The Dally Chronicle claims to know
positively that no peace negotiations
of any sort have occurred between the
Americans and Spanish Governments.
The Dally Chronicle says: Spain has
SPANIARDS REPORT ON
AMERICAN REPULSE
MADRID, July 25.— A private dispatch from San Juan
de Porto Rico says a strong American squadron has appeared
before Baliia Honda, but that the American attempt to dis
embark was repulsed with considerable loss.
The San Francisco Call
made no approach and apparently does
not mean to yet. It is understood that
the Spanish Government is still hope
ful of organizing a European concert
aeainst the United States.
A special dispatch from Rome says
the Pope has communicated to the
powers peace proposals that he con
siders acceptable to both Spain and
the United States, namely the Ameri
can annexation of Cuba and Porto
Rico, the restitution of the Philippines
to Spain and a commercial treaty giv
ing Spain exceptional advantages in the
colonies surrendered.
MADRID, July 25.— The correspond
ent here of the Associated Press has
had an interesting conversation with a
person occupying a high position in the
Queen Regent's household, and whose
duties bring him daily into intimate re
lations with her Majesty. He said the
quarrel between Spain and the United
States is much easier of adjustment
than is generally believed. The Queen
Regent, he continued, naturally en
deavored to avoid war. and she now de-
Bires an honorable ending of it. She
is quite alive to the force of public
opinion, and holds strictly to the con
stitutional laws of the nation. It is an
error to suppose the Queen Regent is
under the pressure of the present or
any Government, or that she Is re
gardless of public opinion when it Is in
the interests of the Spanish people.
This official quoted then added this im
portant statement:
"The present Government will not
initiate peace, but a modified Cabinet,
headed by Senor Gamazo, Minister of
Public Instruction, will conclude the
negotiations and then retire and Gen
eral Polavieja with a combination in
cluding Senor Silvela and General
Campos will reorganize the Cabinet.
Everybody considers that Spain should
treat direct with the Americans, whose
practical good sense will prevail over
'spread-eagleism.' "
LONG-AWAITED REPORT
OF SAMPSON ARRIVES
WASHINGTON-, July 25.-It was an
nounced to-day at the Nevy Departing
that the long-expected report from Ad
miral Sampson upon the destruction cf
CYvera's fleet with the accompanying re
port* of the commodore and captains of
his squadron had reached the department
It Is supposed to have been brought by
Captain Sisrsbee on the St. Paul which
arrived at New York last Friday, and to
have been sent by Captain Sl/sbee. It
la the 4 Intention of the Secretary of' the
psjf&sr reports to the p»bS?
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JULY 26, 1898.
QUEEN REGENT
CHRISTINA OF SPAIN
And Her Boy King, Alfonso XIII, Wh>ose Crown
She Is So Pathetically Striving
to Save.
PARIS, July 25.— A special dispatch
from Madrid gives the following ac
count of the Queen Regent's daily
life during the present crisis: "Poor
Queen!" This is the exclamation often
heard of late day after day, as matters
grow worse and worse, as the Spanish
disasters repeat themselves and as the
throne of the little King seems slip
ping from her hands, into which it was
given in trust. I see her Majesty look-
Ing careworn and anxious. Even her
drives are becoming fewer and fewer.
It would surely appeal to any mother
in the world were she to see the way
this Queen mother each day seems to
FOREIGN FLEETS NOW GOING
TOWARD THE PHILIPPINES
Japar) Will h\ave a Strong Squadron to Co-oper
ate, It Is Said, With th>e British and
American Admirals.
LONDON, July 25. — A special dispatch from Shanghai says four Russian men-of-war have
left Port Arthur, and it is supposed their destination is the Philippine Islands.
Another special dispatch from Shanghai says the Japanese warships Woshino, Chin Yen,
Itsukushima and Saiyn Yen have been hastily dispatched to Saiseho to re-enforce the Japanese
squadron there, making it the strongest in these waters. It has been ordered to co-operate with
the British and American admirals in the event of international complications.
While the dispatch does not explain the matter, it is inferred the squadron is desired to be
in readiness for Philippine operations.
BROUGHT HOME TO DIE
OF TYPHOID FEVFR
Hopeless Case of Lieutenant Fiscus,
Second Cavalry — Others Who
May Becover.
NEW TORK, July 25.— A1l hope for
the recovery of Lieutenant William M.
Fiscus of the Second Cavalry, who \a
at Fort Wadsworth suffering from ty
phoid fever, has been abandoned. He
was one of the six officers who came
from Santiago a week ago Saturday.
The lieutenant is sinking gradually.
His father, William Flscua, formerly
Sheriff of Armstrong County, Pennsyl
vania, and his sister, Blanche Fiscus,
cling closer and closer to her boy, as
though to shield him from the dangers
eloping about him with almost fatal
force. It is very touching to witness
it. Her worst enemies recognize in the
Queen personal qualities worthy of the
highest admiration.
The Queen used every means at her
disposal to prevent war. Her great
hope lay in Senor Moret y Prendergast,
the former Minister of the Colonies,
and he would have carried his point
but for Senor Gullen, the former Min
ister for Foreign Affairs. To-day, and
ever since the war began, the great ob
ject of the Queen is to find the quick
of Pennsylvania, are with him. The
other five oflicers continue to improve.
Private O'Heavy of the Twenty-first
Infantry is the most seriously off of
those in the Marine Hospital at Clifton.
He is suffering from a bullet wound in
the hip. The ninety-nine other pa
tients are improving.
The United States hospital steamer
Relief is still anchored off Stapleton,
S. I. The sick and wounded on board
are all improving.
THREAT OF MOROCCO'S
FOREIGN MINISTER
MADRID, July 25.— According to a
dispatch from Cadiz to the Imparcial
of this city, advices from TamdAr say
est way for its determination. At many
of the councils of late held at the pal
ace the Queen has burst into tears,
begging and urging her Ministers to
seek a solution of the terms of peace,
which they seem Incapable of mater
ializing—peace, which the Queen with
common sense sees to be of such vital
importance, and which her Ministers
keep postponing with the words so fa
tal to Spain, "manana" (to-morrow).
The Queen has taken every chance
offered in the council of putting in a
word for peace, and, little by little, she
has finally managed to bring the Cab
inet to her view and to thoughts ut
peace.
the Foreign Minister of Morocco de
clares that if the Americans enter Mo
roccan ports they will be notified to
leave in twenty-four hours, and, it is
added, if they refuse to do so, Morocco
will place herself under the protection
of the powers.
The^probabilities are anxiously can
vassed at Tangier since the arrival
there of the new United States Consul,
and the special dispatch adds tfiat the
belief increases that the United States
does not intend to deprive Spain of
anything but the Antilles.
Vice-President Hobart in Canada.
KINGSTON, Ontario, July 25.— Vice-
President Hohart is here to-day enjoying
the yacht races. He is the guest of H.
M. Folger. president of the Thousand
Islands Navigation Company.
REPORTED
LANDING
AT PONCE
Miles' Men Said to Have
Begun to Invade
Porto F^ico.
Be Tfys as It May,
Are Being Hurried to tt)e
Scene of OperatioQS.
ST. THOMAS, D. W. 1., July 25. — The United States
troops are landing to-day on the island of Porto Rico, near
Ponce, on the southern coast.
NEW YORK, July 25. — The Washington correspondent
of the Herald says: Adjutant General Corbin stated to-night
that he had received nothing to confirm the report that Major
General Miles with troops under his command had arrived in
Porto Rican waters and was landing near Ponce. Department
officials with whom I talked expressed a doubt as to the ac
curacy of the report, because, they stated, General Miles would
not land near Ponce, but at Fajardo, on the eastern coast.
BRIGADES ON THE
WAY TO PORTO RICO
NEW YORK, July 25.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs: General Wilson and Gene
ral Schwan, who have sailed respec
tively from Charleston and Tampa,
and General Brooke, who is about to
sail from Newport News, have all
three received from the Secretary of
War telegraphic instructions to meet
General Miles and his troops at Fa
jardo. The plan thus far is for all the
troops composing the Porto Rican ex
pedition to disembark at that one
point. General Miles took with him
about 3500 troops. General Wilson
about 3600, General Schwan about 4000.
The troops now established at Newport
News ready for embarkation number,
officers included, about 5500 men. There
are 5232 enlisted men. Orders were is
sued to-day instructing only three
Southern regiments at Tampa to pro
ceed at once to Porto Rico. These num
ber about 3600 men, and are the First
Florida, Second Georgia and Fifth
Maryland.
I am informed to-day a strong effort
will be made to get off to-morrow at
least the St. Louis and St. Paul, the
former taking General Brooke with 1300
men, the latter taking General Haines
with 1300 men. The Massachusetts,
City of Washington and Roumania arc
in the stream, and will soon follow, to
gether with the Seneca, which left New
York to-day for Newport News. The
other transports are now on their way
to Newport News to be in readiness
for other troops from Chickamauga,
Among these transports are the Har
vard, Manitoba and Hudson. The Utah
is now loading at Charleston with me
chanical implements of all kinds, and
on her voyage to Porto Rico will call
at Jacksonville to take on board a
large number of negro laborers. The
distance from Guajitanamo to Fajardo
is about TOO miles, or about seventy
hours. Reckoning on this basis Gene
ral Miles' departure at 3 o'clock Friday
afternoon, allowing for his stop at
Mole St. Nicholas, would probably
bring the time of his landing up to this
afternoon.
TROOPS STILL SWARM
INTO NEWPORT NEWS
NEWPORT NEWS, July 25.— Incoming
trains during the last thirty-six hours
have brought nearly 600} troops to this
city. These Include the Second Brigade
of the First Army Corps in command of
Brigadier General Haines, from Chicka
mauga Park, and five troops of cavalry
from Camp Alger. The first train reached
the city at noon Sunday, and from that
time on until late this afternoon section
followed section, and as fast as the troops
arrived they were marched to the
WILL TRY TO WIN
OVER THE CUBANS
MADRID, July 25. — It is announced to-night that com
plete tranquillity prevails throughout Spain. The Cuban colo
nial Government, it is announced, will confer with the repre
sentatives of Maximo Gomez, and it is believed that the con
ference may result in the insurgents espousing the Spanish
cause.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
grounds, where they pitched dog tents and
made themselves comfortable.
General Halnes' brigade is composed of
the Third Illinois, Colonel Benton; Fourth
Ohio, Colonel Coit, and the Fourth Penn
| sylvania. Colonel Case, which arrived in
I the order named. The regiments arrived
in battalions of three trains each. The
first battalion of the Third Illinois Regi
ment reached the city Sunday, shortly
after 12 o'clock, but it was not until 2 this
afternoon that the battalion of the Penn
sylvania Regiment brought up the rear.
Meantime the five troops of cavalry ar
rived from Camp Alger. Troops A and C
of New York reaching the city Sunday af
ternoon, followed to-day by Troops A, B
and C of Pennsylvania. All of these
troops went into camp.
Major General Brooke's special train,
which left Chickamauga Sunday after
noon, pulled in at 2:30 this afternoon. The
last train to arrive t#is that bringing the
brigade hospital service from Chickamau
ga, which included 350 men. No more
troops will come in before daylight to
morrow. The signal corps will arrive at
11 o'clock. Four batteries of light artil
lery will arrive from Chickamauga. They
are batteries A. Illinois; B. Pennsylvania";
A. Missouri, and the Twenty-seventh In
diana battery.
General Haines' brigade will begin to
embark early to-morrow morning. The
transports Massachusetts, Roumania and
City of Washington are now at the p!eTs
taking on provisions. The auxiliary
cruiser St. Louis is expected to come up
Hampton Roads to-morrow morning and
it is probable that the vessel will sail in
the afternoon with General Brooke and
his staff and 1300 troops. The St. Paul is
expected to steam into port to-morrow
morning from New York. She will also
take on troops and provisions.
WAR BALLOON TO BE
SENT TQ PORTO RICO
WASHINGTON. July 25.— The signal
service has succeeded in reclaiming
from the battle-field of Santiago the
tubes which supplied the military bal
loon with pure hydrogen gas, and they,
with the balloon itself, have been
brought over to Tampa on the steamer
Adria. The tubes will be recharged
Immediately, and the whole apparatus
will be dispatched at once to Porto
Rico to assist General Miles In his
campaign there. The balloon is said
to have proved of great value in the
Santiago campaign, and from the char
acter of the country in Porto Rico,
where military operations must be con
ducted, it is believed that it also can
be used to advantage there.
CONCENTRATION TO BE
SPEEDILY EFFECTED
WASHINGTON, July 25.— The War
Department was busy to-day hurrying:
the dispatch of the remainder of Miles'
expedition against Porto Rico. Such
progress has been made that it is
hoped that all of the troops will be on
Porto Rican soil within a week at the
latest. General Miles is not expected
to defer his landing until that time,
but presumably will pick out a suitable
place for encamping his troops and es
tablishing himself ashore, awaiting the
arrival of the other detachments now
on their way.
War Department men believe that
the first official news from General
Miles will come through the press dis2
MAP OF THE WEST INDIAN WATERS FROM SANTIAGO TO
ST. THOMAS, SHOWING THE ROUTE FOLLOWED BY
THE AMERICAN ADVANCE EXPEDITION AND THE
SEVERAL CABLE LINES BY WHICH NEWS OF ITS
OPERATIONS WILL COME TO THE UNITED STATES,
The cable lines leading to San Juan on the northern coast of Porto
Rico and Ponce on the southern coast were cut some weeks ago by the
Americans, and until the one leading to Ponee — belonging to the British
West Indian and Panama Cable Company — is picked up and some connec
tion re-established news from General Miles' expedition must continue to come
by boat to one of the open offices at St. Thomas, or Santo Domingo, or Mar
tinique; preferably the former, which is much the nearest. With few ex
ceptiona all of the press reports of General Shafter's operations about San
tiago have come by boat via Port Antonio, Jamaica, or St. Nicholas Mole,
Hayti, involving a delay of from five to eight hours. With the Porto Rican
expeditions the delay will be even longer, as the distance is much greater.
patches, as the general has not with
him, so far as is known, any dispatch
boats. It will at least be Saturday
re any direct cable communication
Btablished with him, and in
the meantime reliance must be had on
the dispatch boats running across to
. homas, distant about four hours'
run.
It was stated at the War Department
General Brooke and General
es would sail to-day from New
port News to Join Miles, and that most
of Genera! BrooKe's command would
be t-mbarked by Wednesday morning.
The work of embarkation at Hampton
Roads is being conducted with much
less difficulty and delay than was ex-
I• - ted. Colonel Hecker, in charge of
the transportation division of the War
Department, who has just returned
from that place, has reported to Sec
retary Alger that it is well suited to
the shipment of the troops. Conse-
I!y the Secretary to-day ordered
all of" General Grant's brigade, 3000
men, from Chickamauga to Newport
News. It is not expected that all the
transports required for their aecommo
•i will have arrived there by the
time the soldiers get in, but they will
be encamped on suitable ground there,
and it is believed will be benefited by
the change from Chickamauga,
SHOW APPRECIATION
OF GOOD TREATMENT
Spanish Prisoners on Seavey's Island
"Wildly Cheer an American
Gunboat.
PORTSMOUTH, N. H., July 25.— 1t
was learned to-day that a remarkable
demonstration occurred Saturday even
ing at Camp Long on Seavey's Island,
where the captured sailors of Admiral
Cervera's fleet are confined. As the
United States gunboat Frolic passed
the island on her way to Cuba the
Spanish prisoners greeted the vessel
with cheers and waving of hands. The
ovation took the Americans by sur
prise. The outburst was regarded by
those in charge of the camp as a re
sult of the good treatment received
here by the Spaniards, who took this
method of expressing their gratitude.
Surgeon McPheroon said to-day that
the condition of the prisoners in the
hospital showed marked improvement.
THE CROATIA'fcAPTAIN
IS HIGHLY INDIGNANT
ST. THOMAS, D. W. 1., July 25.—
Captain Lotze of the German steamer
Croatia, which arrived here yesterday
;md reported having been fired 'upon
three times off San Juan, Porto Rico,
on Saturday, by an American warship,
understood to be the United States
cruiser New Orleans, was quoted In an
interview to-day as saying that the
first solid shot fell within a few yards
of the ship. The steamer was imme
diately stopped, but her captain adds
that two more shots were fired over the
Croatia's bows from close range.
Late, an officer from the New Orleans
boarded the Croatia and asked if the
ship was injured. Captain Lotze waa
highly Indignant at being fired upon,
as he considered his ship was outside
the blockading zone. He sayß he saw
nothing of the invading fleet.
The French gunboat - ulton arrived
here to-day. She is going in search of
the French line steamer Ollnde Rodri
guez, whlcn was captured by a United
States warship and taken to Charles
ton, S. C, while on a voyage from
Hayti to St. Thomas with passengers,
malls, etc.
GIRL WHO IS TO WED
LIEUTENANT HOBSON
How Pretty Lettie Cook of Oswego,
Kans.. First Met the Naval
Hero at a Wedding.
NOBL.BSVILLE, Ind.. July 25.— Quite a
prrtty young lady, Mies Lettie Cook, is
visiting friends near this city. She Is
from Oswego. Kans., and it 1b now an
open secret that she ie the fiancee of
Lieutenant Hobson of Morrlmac fume.
Miss Cook met the lieutenant at a wed
ding En Norfolk, v.i.. several months ago.
A correspondence followed and their en
gufement resulted.
FOR SPEEDIER
BATTLESHIPS
Secretary Long Agrees
With Melville.
MODERN MACHINERY NEEDED
FOREIGN WARSHIPS SETTING
A LIVELY PACE.
Changes Necessary in the Construc
tion of the Three Big Vessels
Recently Authorized by
Congress.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 25.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Sec
! retary Long proposes to take measures
which will, he believes, insure in
creased speed for the three battle-ships
recently authorized by Congress. Aa
; recommended by a majority of the
board of construction, the minimum
speed of the proposed ships was fixed
at sixteen knots. The minority report
filed by Engineer-in-Chief Melville
urged that he be allowrd to put more
modern machinery in the ships, inti
mating that the result would be to In
crease their speed.
Secretary Long proposes to consult
with the engineer-in-chief to-morrow
Ito learn what can be expected from
the modern machinery which he pro
poses to install, and if a reasonable in
crease of speed can be obtained it will
be adopted. In any event, the Secre
tary proposes, as recommended by the
board, to Insert in the advertisement
i for bids for the construction of the pro
i posed vessels a clause notifying bid
j ders that proposals will be given pref
erence which promise the highest rate
i of speed, and bidders will be allowed
j to submit their own designs of ma
j chinery, which will be adopted by the
: department if it will give greater speed
j than Is possible with the departmental
! design without lessening the efficiency
jof the. vessels. •
Secretary Long and all of the officials
recognize the necessity of having faster
battle-ships, because of the speed made
| by most of the modern ships built and
I building abroad.
SIR GEORGE IS IN
FAVOR OF ANNEXATION
Writes a Letter Strongly Approving
the Taking of Hawaii and Por
to Rico by Uncle Sam.
LONDON, July 26.— Sir Georsre Syden
ham Clarko, the expert on naval tactics
and coast defenses, writes to the Laily
Graphic to-day strongly approving Amer
ican annexation of Hawaii and Porto
Rico. He says:
"It is for the best Interests of the world
that a canal connecting the Atlantic and
Pacific should be controlled by the United
States, and whatever attitude the Euro
pean powers may take, foreign interfer
ence In Central America Is out of the
question, because the interests of the
United States and Great Britain in the
future will bo permanent. There, Lord
Salisbury's policy toward the United
States is statesmanlike."
♦ v, Th £ f« tk ?s wa , 8 . evok , e<i b >' «■" article in
the Dally Graphic calling attention to the
reversal of England's traditional policy to
prevent the United States from acquiring
strategical positions In the Atlantic and
Pacific, enabling it to control the possible
canal.
The Dally Graphic, in an editorial this
morning, save it agrees with Sir George
Sydenham Clarke, but Ib curious to know
what Induced Lord Salisbury to adopt nn
attitude which has bo much facilitated
the United Stateo.
Given Poor Rations.
CARSON, July 25.— Forty men of Com
pany C at Camp Sadler fire sick because
of the very poor quality of their rations.
The men are from Reno,
TliJii hJVJ> JU HiU>i <JIBUU UAJLJj, T U JUSJLT-A. X , «J UIjX 26, ISiJS.
GUANTANAMO'S
GARRISON LAYS
DOWN ITS ARMS
General Garcia Authorizes a Coq
tradiction of tJ)e Story Tt)at
h|e fittacKed the SpaQiards
flfter the SurreQder.
Copyrighted, 1598, by the Associated Press.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July 25.—
Everything here is peaceful. The 7000
Spanish soldiers at Guantanamo laid
down their arms to-day. The 3350 men
from Palma, Soriano, San Luis and
Longo surrendered yesteiday to Lieu
tenant Miley and to-day pack trains
with provisions were sent to them.
The only others included in the ca
pitulation are the 2000 at Baracoa and
1000 at Sagua. They have not yet been
turned over, but they are now here in
General Garcia's vicinity. He is at
Jiguany to-day and reached there
without encountering any Spaniards.
General Shafter authorizes an abso
lute contradiction of the report that
Garcia encountered a force of Span
iards who were returning to Santiago
to surrender, and was defeated by
them.
Colonel Ezra P. Ewers of the Ninth
Infantry, acting for General Shafter,
will receive the formal surrender of
Guantanamo.
Yesterday General Shafter released
fojrty Cubans, who had been confined in
the local Jail on political charges. In
deed, some of them were confined
without charges of any character,
others on the most trivial pretexts and
yet others solely because of sympathy
with the insurgent cause. The jail still
is filled with many whose crimes and
sentences are not on record and are
absolutely unknown so far as has been
yet ascertained. A general investiga
tion has been ordered.
American newspapers which have ar
rived here contain articles written ap
parently under a misapprehension of
the facts regarding the conduct of the
campaign and the dictation of the
terms of surrender. General Miles
was here simply as a visitor and ad
viser. In his official capacity he had
HOBSON ON THE
COLON WRECK
Believes the Vessel Can
Be Raised.
HIS PLANS FOR THE TASK
ENGINEERING FEAT OF GREAT
MAGNITUDE.
Many Difficulties to Be Encountered,
but the Intrepid Officer Says
They Can Ail Bs Sur
mounted.
Special Dlspktch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 25.— Lieutenant
Richmond P. Hobson returned to the
city to-day, after the second visit to
Washington since his landing from the
St. Paul here on Friday morning. While
in Washington he again conferred with
Secretary Long concerning the saving
of the Cristobal Colon. Upon his re
turn to this city he went to the office
of the Merritt & Chapman Wrecking
and Derrick Company to complete the
preparations for righting and preserv
ing the Colon.
Lieutenant Hobson announced later
in the day that the Merritt & Chapman
Wrecking and Derrick Company had
consented to undertake the recovery of
the Cristobal Colon, and was making
every effort to begin the work as soon
as possible.
"The difficulty of saving the Colon,"
he said, "lies in the complete submerg
ence, upon her beam end, of a steamer
of 7000 tons. Only a short portion of
her stern is clear of the water, which
fills her whole Interior. Her sea valves
and her sides are in a few places per
forated by shells. The beach upon
which she lies is exceedingly shelving,
forming a part, in fact, of the moun
tain which there rises out of the sea.
In short, all the conditions are present
which render the righting and raising
of the ship an engineering feat of large
proportions. At the same time, it is
simple and quite feasible. No new ap
pliances are needed, nothing to be in
vented; it Is simply a question of get
ting to the spot in time with the ac
cepted means and methods on a suf
ficient scale."
As to the plan for raising the Colon
Lieutenant Hobson said: "We will
run the pontoons alongside of the Co
lon, submerge them, and after chains
under the bottom of the ship have been
fastened to the pontoons and tightened
the pontoons will be pumped out. At
the same time, we will use air pumps
in trying to force the water out of her
air chambers and water-tight com
partments. If many of those compart
ments are found to be in good condi
tion, this combined force from the out
side and the Inside will be sufficient to
raise the Colon several feet. If they
are not sufficient, then air bags will
be put In her hold and Inflated by com
pressed air.
"Every time the ship is raised a few
feet from the bottom she will be towed
farther in shore, so that after several
easy stages she will be high enough out
of the water to make all the necessary
repairs. It is thought that her hull
is not in a leaky condition, but that
it was the opening of the sea valves by
the Spaniards which snnk the ship
after they saw It was in possible to get
away. If that is found to be the case
the Colon may quickly be towed to a
drydock in this country for permanent
overhauling.
"I think it will be fully two weeks
before the work of raising the Colon
can begin. As to when it can be fin
ished will depend largely upon the
smoothness of the water. Pontoons
cannot be worked in rough water. For
tunately for us. the weather haa bepn
propitious for us so far."
Lieutenant Hobson went over to Glen
Rldpe. N. J.. this afternoon and
lunched with Mrs. Sampson, wife of
i Rear Admiral Sampson.
nothing to do with the terms of the ca
pitulation, the entire credit for which
belongs to General Shafter, who on
July 10 received the following dispatch
from Washington, of that date:
General Shafter. Siboney: The Secre
tary of War directs me to inform you
that General Miles left here at 10:4u lust
nipcht for Santiago, but with Instructions
which do not In any manner supersede
you as the commander of the United
States troops in the field at Santiago as
long as you are able for duty.
CORBIN, Adjutant General.
WHAT SHALL BE DONE
WITH SHAFTER'S ARMY?
WASHINGTON, July 25.— Rumors of
various kinds have been int circulation
' as to the disposition of General Shaf
ter's army, but the War Department
I has not come to any conclusion as yet
lin the matter. A sufficient force is to
! be kept at Santiago to maintain the
1 position the United States has taken
and to preserve order. While there
| is yellow fever infection in the army
; no attempt will be made to bring the
: troops to the United States. The War
: Department, it may be intimated, is
; now bending every effort to secure for
! General Shafter's army an ample sup
ply of nutritious food and also will see
that the soldiers have a rest and care
j ful attention, so that they may get in
| the very best condition. The medical
i corps is now making a careful exami
nation of the army with a view of ad
vising the department as to the be3t
methods of restoring the sick to health
and preventing any further spread of
disease. It is not believed at the de
partment that any large number of
tmops will be necessary at Santiago
i after the Spanish prisoners have been
I deported, but the department awaits
\ further developments before de
j elding upon any course in reference to
1 General Shafter's army.
CAMARA WILL
OFFER BATTLE
His Squadron Is Being
Strengthened.
WILL REMAIN AT CEUTA
LAST NAVAL COMBAT MAY BE
FOUGHT THERE.
Spain Abandons the Canary Islands
to the Protection Afforded by
Their Coast Fortifi
cations. I
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 25.-The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
; graphs: Spain is making desperate
i efforts to get her squadron Into condl
j tion for active service. Official lnfor
; mation which has been received In
'■ Washington announces that the
j battle-ship Pelayo and the armored
I cruiser Carlos V are at Cartagena un
dergoing repairs in consequence of
their long voyage. No confirmation
has yet been received of the Herald's
announcement that Admiral Camara
will establish his base at Ceuta in an
i ticipation of the coming of Commodore
Watson's fleet, but no doubt is ex
pressed as to its correctness.
By placing Admiral Camara's fleet
at Ceuta the Spanish Government
| abandons the Canary Islands and the
; northern coast of Spain, their only pro
• tection being their fortifications, which
! probably will not be molested by Com
modore Watson's fleet, it being official
ly announced that the object of Commo
dore Watson's fleet is to find Admiral
i Camara's command and accomplish its
; destruction. By taking station at
| Ceuta Admiral Camara Invites battle,
| which it is the duty of his American
adversary to seek. In view of the de
i termination of the department to give
| the American commodore an over
whelming and thoroughly efficient
j force, no doubt exists in naval circles
as to the result of the combat.
The official admission was made at
the Navy Department to-day that the
battle-ship Texas had been ordered to
New York, the battle-ships lowa and
Indiana are to follow the Texas, and
the Massachusetts will be ordered to
the United States, as soon as she has
performed her part in landing troops
at Fajarflo, in Porto Rico.
Not all of the ships under Rear Ad
miral Sampson's command are to leave
Santiago immediately. It was ex
; plained to me to-day that it is deemed
advisable to retain a sufficient force at
that point until all danger of an attack
on Santiago by the Spanish troops is
gone. This means that after the pris
oners now collecting at Santiago have
been shipped to Spain, Admiral Samp
son and the men-of-war under his
command will be relieved from duty at
their present stations and ordered to
other points. \
BRITISH STEAMER ZETA
HELD UP BY THE DIXIE
Special cable to The Call and the New Tort
HeraM. Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
TURKS ISLAND, July 25.— The Brit
ish steamer Zeta, which arrived here to
| day from Jamaica, reports having se»n
last Friday fourteen ships of the Unit
ed Stateß expedition to Porto Rico. The
Zeta was fired upon by the Dixie, but
was allowed to proceed after an officer
from the Dixie had inspected her.
Hobson "Will Not Be Transferred.
NEW YORK, July 25.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: There
Is no truth In the report that Hobson
is to be transferred to the line and at
tached to Commodore Watnon's squad
ron. An act of Conjrrese would be
necessary to effeot such a transfer.
RUSSIA'S MOVE
NOT HOSTILE
Will Not Interfere at
Manila.
SUCH IS OFFICIAL BELIEF
SENDS BUT FOTJR WARSHIPS
TO THE PHILIPPINES.
If the Czar Intends to Attempt to
Bestrain American Action a
Larger Fleet Would Have
Been Dispatched.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, 'July 25.— The Wash- :
ington correspondent of the Herald '
telegraphs the following: Washing
ton Is without official confirmation of
the report that four Russian warships
have started for the Philippines, and
that four Japanese men-of-war have
been ordered to rendezvous with the
other Japanese ships at Saischo. The
fact that the report comes from
Shanghai, the hotbed of rumors, and
so far away from Port Arthur and
Tokio, makes the officials doubt its
authenticity. In any event none de
nies the right of Russia to send her
warships to the Philippines if she de
sires to do so, but a collection of four
at that point with a German force of
about the same number will make the
combined fleets far more formidable
than that of Admiral Dewey.
The authorities recognize that the
collecting of a formidable fleet of for
eign warships at Manila will lie very
embarrassing to the American ad
miral, as well as to this Government,
as it would undoubtedly be for the
purpose of exercising moral or re
straining Influence with regard to the
ultimate aims of the United States In
the Philippines.
I was told to-night that, so far as is
officially known, Russia has not entered
into any agreement with any European
nation for the purpose of influencing
the United States in the Philippines,
and it is not believed she would send
such a small fleet if she intends to in
terfere. Russian interests in these
islands are small, and the Czar's Gov
ernment, if it sends ships to the Phil
ippine Islands, cannot therefore have
the excuse made for Germany that the
reason for sending the fleet to Manila
is the necessity for providing protec
tion for her citizens and their interests.
No doubt is felt in administration
circles that England's and Japan's
ships would co-operate with the Ameri
can men-of-war in the event of inter
national complications, but such co
operation will not take place, the au
thorities predict, because the different
ways the European powers are pulling
is a splendid guarantee of non-inter
ference with American operations.
TOMBS IN THE TRENCHES
FOR AMERICAN HEROES
Will Ultimately Be Given Decent
Burial — Officers' Bodies to Be
Sent Home.
NEW YORK, July 25.— A World dis
patch from Santiago says: Many
American heroes who fell during the
heat of the fighting, being compelled to
force every step of their way, have
been buried where they died, with the
ceremony of war.
Near the Quaslna blockhouse, which
the Rough Riders stormed and took
some days previous to the battle of
San Juan, twenty-five are buried in
one grave. Chaplain Vandewater of
the Seventy-first New York conducted
the burial service twenty-five times in
one day. The bodies of Captain Capron
and Sergeant Hamilton Fish were
buried here. Both were taken home
on the steamer Hudson, which started
Thursday, by Nicholas Fish, father of
the dead sergeant.
At the last ford before San Juan hill
It is estimated that forty of our men
were buried in trenches. Twenty He
in the trenches at the foot of the hill
at El Caney. Owing to the necessity
of feeding the starving, caring for the
wounded and establishing an orderly
government in the province, the rein
terment of the brave men buried in
the jungles has been impossible. Ul
timately, however, they will be given a
proper burial. Only the bodies of of
ficers will be sent home. Coffins will
be provided for the men.
YELLOW FLAG FLYING
FROM HER FOREMAST
Transport Hudson From Santiago is
Not Allowed to Land Sick and
Wounded Soldiers.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va., July 24.—
The transport Hudson from Santiago
arrived at Hampton Roads at noon to
day. From the foremast was sus
pended a yellow flag, indicating sick
ness aboard. Dr. Pettus, the national
quarantine officer, boarded the vessel
as soon as she cast anchor. He re
mained on board some time, and when
he came ashore it was learned that he
did not feel Justified in permitting those
on board to land. The Hudson is un
derstood to carry a number of sick and
wounded soldiers from Santiago. The
bodies of Captain Capron and Sergeant
Hamilton Fish were on board the ship
en route north for interment. It is said
that Sylvester Scovel, the New York
newspaper correspondent, who was or
dered from Cuba because of insulting
conduct toward General Shafter, Is also
on board.
TRANQUILLITY REIGNS
AT CUBA'S CAPITAL
Special cable to The Call and the New Yori-
HeraM. Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
HAVANA, July 25.— Telegrams re
ceived from Manzanillo pay that city
is not besieged by Americans by land.
Nothing happened there yesterday.
Volunteers are being instructed in mili
tary tactics, many Havana volunteers
assisting in the work. The battalions
under General Arolas were drilled yes
terday before 20,000 spectators, who
preserved excellent order and showed
great enthusiasm. Complete tranquil
lity prevails in Havana.
Don Carlos in Switzerland.
L.TJZERNE, Switzerland, July 26.— Don
Cnrlos, the pretender to the Spanish
throne, has arrived here with hla wife
and aid de camp.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children,
ADMIRAL CERVERA AND HIS QUARTERS AT ANNAPOLIS,
DEWEY'S VALOR
RECOGNIZED
Long Forwards Thanks
of Congress.
AN ELEGANT TESTIMONIAL
ENGROSSED RESOLUTION IN
RICH COVERS.
Secretary of State's Commendation
of the Admiral's Diplomacy
Is Also Referred
To.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 25.— Secretary
Long to-day forwarded to Admiral
Dewey the joint resolution of Congress,
extending the thanks of CongTess for
the victory achieved at Cavite. The
resolution was beautifully engrossed
and prefaced by a formal attestation
of its authenticity by Secretary of
State Day. The whole is inclosed in
rich gilt and ornamented Russia
leather covers. It is to be remarked
that Secretary Long in his letter of
transmittal makes references to a let
ter from the Secretary of State com
plimenting Admiral Dewey upon his
direction of affairs since the great
naval victory, a formal evidence that
the department is thoroughly well sat
isfied with the diplomatic qualities he
has exhibited. The letter of Secretary
Long is as follows:
NAVY DEPARTMENT,
WASHINGTON. D. C, July 25, 1898.
Sir: The department has received from
the Seorotnry of State an engrossed and
certified copy of a joint resolution of Con
gTess tendering the thanks of Congress
to you and the officers and men of the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We have no wise professionals to write our advertisements,
Or college men or women from w,hom to seek advisements;
We only know to tell the folks about the things we have to sell.
It seems to make a jumble, but answers fairly well.
We cannot make it jingle like those who write in rhymes.
But the prices surely hit the nail right on the head sometimes.
The people know we mean it, though just half what others gret.
Our goods are right, the price is, too; but terms are always net.
JUMBLES TO EAT.
Home made fruit pies, fresh every day....l<lc
T)es!ccated or evaporated Alaska onions. 20c. 25c
High grade heavy sugar cured bacon..
Pumperniekle, bread for soldiers; keeps.... oc
Shaker corn, dried, hard to find ioc
Home made lunch or dinner on 6th f100r.. 15c
White flss, California grown, closing Be
Soldier biscuits, mouthful In each, lb 5c
Cup caki-e. home made, good dozen 20c
Fresh butter, per roll, warranted 30c
Htin's finest pickle onions, not 25c, but 10c
JUMBLES TO WEAR,
Gent's cassimere vests, dark mixed c010r5.... 7"c
Genfs hats from bargain counter, %2 50 10t..5l
Cassimere coats, nearly gone, few fine ones.Sl 50
Klondike shoes, made to brtng $3 r,O, now.Jl 50
Duck lined coats, all sizes, not $2 50, but $1
Duck lined vests, al! Bizes, not $150, but. ...50c
- fine summer shirr waists 35c
Ladles' waists, $2 50 to $1 r>o. closing now $1
Ladles' untrlmmed hats. 1888 style So
Javanese silk handkerchiefs, cream Initial. .loc
Scotch cheviots, ladies' wear. 12Vic goods 7c
Turkey red calico black figure, now 5c
Shirts and drawers for men, large sizes 2jc
KLONDIKE OOTF UTiNG HAS COMMENCED AGAIN
White Swan Flour, fully warranted, in any quantity this week 95c,
Coffee reductions continue all this week. Save while you can
Our one-cent articles surprise everybody who looks at them. J *.g§
Wire screening, green, this week at half price — 1 cent square foot. \^9
Jelly glasses with tin cover, less than barrel lots, 2 cents each
New Shoes. €^ft§l^PP|^ f
Newest «tyle $3 50 vesting top, ladles' »hoe9s2 M >t, i.-^St'jY '■/?■ H Pi* l^?
Newest style ladles' kid shoos, Just arrived. slso » vl4 jXLi •» ! S Bi >jj i«3 •
Newest Btvie ladles' knngaroo ohoea,,, 1100 >»>_»' 1 ' V '? R Sj j a \?W
Newest Bjie Indies' $3 60 green shoes, now.?l 60 II ti tw c£ Mm /
Boys' heavy ehtes.Std ,,.,,...,,,.,,,,,,,,900 /^ m ,-.^ _ _ " m m r
Boys' heavy $1 25 Ehoe, 11 to 15,,,,..,.,,..,,.750 M Ai 3 . «2 tlSi <5^ lE3 /*TyV r^v>?»,'
OlrlH 1 $1 60 school button, 13, 13V4..,,..........750 Zl**^Z 1 **^ rla^iy Bla «^ M^ MB IB if/
Girls' or ladles' cloth and kid, IVfc, 3 at,,,,350 - m *~ ■ Wf\V
Wen's tow thoes, out of Btyla. 6, 7,,,,,.,,,,..500 ' Ocr C\>-r *» ' ■ ~. /
«—,. * 0 M >u^ .h^ .Yti .iQ.... :..,u as - 5J5-27 Market St., S. F.
squadron under your command for trans
mission to you and herewith incloses the
same. Accompanying- the copy of the
joint resolution the department received
a letter from the Secretary of State re
questing that there be conveyed to you
his high appreciation of your character
as a naval officer and of the good judg
ment and prudence you have shown in
directing affairs since the date of your
great achievement in destroying the
Spanish fleet. This I take great pleasure
in doing and join most heartily, on be
half of the Navy Department ns well as
personally, in the commendation of the
Secretary of State. Very respectfully,
JOHN D. LONG, Secretary.
Rear Admiral George Dewey. U. 8. N.,
Commander-in-Chief, Asiatic Station.
FITTING UP A NEW
AMBULANCE SHIP
The Missouri to Be Made Capable o*
Accommodating an Army of
Patients.
NEW YORK, July 25.— The new am
bulance ship Missouri arrived here to
day from Philadelphia, and the work
of fitting her out will be carried on
day and night. The Missouri will
carry a complete hospital outfit and
will be able to accommodate 600 pa
tients, though folding bunks will be
stored on board so that in an emerg
ency 800 wounded can be cared for.
The auxiliary branches of the Red
Cross Society have donated to the 3hip
an ice plant, carbon&ting plant, steam
laundry, steam sterilizer and a steam
launch, and she will also carry a dis
tilling plant and an X ray apparatus.
A large dynamo will be played onboard
to run the fans and to furnish light.
The Government has decided that the
ship must be ready by the 10th of
August at the latest.
I The O'Higgins Reaches Valparaiso.
VALPARAISO, Chile, July 25.— The
new Chilean cruiser Almlrant© O'Hig
gins arrived here to-day.
JUMBLES TO USE.
1" ft bunting flags, linen, fast colors . M M
Nice little tin funnels, saves 1055... ••••«*<*»
Nice lttle china cream jugs, 25c klnd"""""ifto
. Pretty little 10 china mugs... .".;
I Vases, pretty as you would look at i(yX
Cup and saucer, china, closing 'em out""."l0o
,X ngsford-a genuine high grade starch... «We
Nice little patty pans for baby, dozen"." *£
i 8 ball set croquet, middling good «t
First class 18 lawn mower, 10 inches tigs
6 lb package of fine laundry starch. *«„
j Mason jars by the dozen or car «
Nail brushes, 10c kin.l. bargain" price £
JUMBLES TO MAKE HAPPY.
Fine 25c perfumery, Colgate's et al ia
Mi ! 2r,c bottles sachet powder ' 10 °
I $1 bottles Compound Extract CeVe'rv r2 c
Colic specific, no cure, no pay 50c s <« S°
Fleas flea, a 2 bit package safe * Ze }°*
Yin Pasteur, big $1 bottle at JJ 0
Shaving soaps, warranted. ror"tnlA» 5°
Toilet soap. 5c cakes, for to-day ** 1°
' Candy, fresh, between 8 and 10 a. 'ml!;;;;;;;<£INQUIRY WILL
BE BRIEF AND
SUPERFICIAL
Agnews Asylum Not to Be
Given the Cleansing
It Needs.
State Lunacy Commission Dis
posed to Pass Lightly Over
the Scandal.
PAX JOSE. July 25.— 1t wag learned
to-night that the State Lunacy Com
mission, which is to convene at the
Agnews State Hospital to-morrow
morning, is to confine its investiga
tions almost entirely to the case of Dr.
Sponogle, the medical superintendent
of the institution. Its work also will
embrace a cursory examination of.
asylum affairs In general, but n
looks for the searching and thorough
Investigation that is necessary to re
:-ninlstration in the con
fidence of the public. The general pre
'i is that there will be as artistic
a coat of whitewash applied as ever was
n by an !:.- ng body.
The charges against Dr. Sponog-le
! in th^ sensational state-
I by Detettlve Erwin
at the last regrular session of the
Agnews board, comprising reports that
(fie had been accused of hav
ing n : his first wife and ruined
girl in Fresno. Frost is un
nce to have been taken into
the camp of the (rould-Sponogle fae
tnd nothing of a damaging char-
I to result from his ex
amination.
However anxious the friends of Dr.
Sponogle may be to retain him in his
place, it is held by many that he will i
BIG CHIEF REA
AFTER SCALPS
Seeking to Undo Two
Political Foes.
SAN JOSE GANG HOLDS COURT
CHIPMAN AND PETTIT ON THE
RACK.
Refusal to Bow to the Dictates of the
"Boss" the Greatest Offense
Proved Against
Them.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE. July 25.— The Rea gang
held court In the Board of Supervisors'
rooms to-day. George E. Rea, chair
men of the board and brother of "Boss"
Rea, acted as prosecutor. Judge and
Jury. In the latter capacity he was
assisted by Supervisors Austin, Stern
and Ayer. Supervisor Roll was pres
ent, but took no part in the proceed
ings. The persons on trial were Coun
ty Superintendent of Schools L. J.
Chipman and W. W. Pettit. until re
cently a member of the County Board
of Education. Refusal to bow to the
dictates of "Boss" Rea was the great
est offense made out against the ac
cused.
The proceedings were the continued
hearing of the investigation begun last
Monday into some alleged irregulari
ties In the bills of members of the
Board of Education. Chipman and
Pettit were accused of having charged
for Fervlces which they had never ren
dered. Pettit was called before the*
Supervisors and questioned In regard
to his bill filed on July 1 for $123 40.
The Items charged were twenty-threo
days at $5 a day, for preparing and
checking over examination papers,
STARVING CUBANS
SEND A PITIFUL
APPEAL FOR AID
Cienfuegos Residents Beg That
Sampson Hasten the At
tack on the City.
Copyrighted, 1898, by the Associated Press.
OUANxANAMO HAY, July 25.— The following pitiful appeal has
been addressee by the starving people of Cienfuegos to Rear Admiral
Sampson.
Honorable Sir: The Cubanß— old men, women and children— resident in
the town of CienfuegtM and this neighborhood are all dying of hunger.
The young men are all in the field with the Cuban troops and have no shoes
or food. All the provisions In this town are in the hands of the Spaniards.
Cubans cannot obtain a piece of bread, as it Is necessary to send every
thing to the field. The Weyler system is in high sway. The situation la
terrible.
If you. honorable sir, do not come quick with your squadron to our help
and take possession of this town we shall be lost. We beg you to precipi
tate your operations, or about 5000 old men. women and children will die of
hunger In this town. Some of these old men have four or five sons fighting
for freedom.
This is our sltuation-a horrible situation! If the great people of the
united States do not come quick to our help we are lost. For God's sake,
come quirk. SOME CUBANS.
Nothing can be done for the people of Cienfuegos until that place
is captured. This will not be for some time.
. have to lie removed, owing to his be
' ing legally disqualified. A law passed
:u the last Bession of the Legislature
provides that no one shall be eligible to
the postltion of medical superintend
ent of a State hospital who has not had
three years' experience in the treat
• of the Insane. This experience
Dr. Sponogle has not had.
Governor Budd will not be present at
thf meeting of the State Commission,
it is said to-night, as he is suffering
from a Bevere
Whe n the State board has concluded
it? Investigation the local directors will
take up the formal charges filed
against T. T. Tourtillott and Mrs. K.
Madigan by Charles L. Williams. In
this case, also, the groundwork Is
being- laid for a liberal coat of kalso
mlne. Williams will be represented by
an attorney at the investigation. He
declares that his only object In taking
action in this unpleasant affair Is to
vindicate his wife's reputation in con
nection with the charge made by Di
rector Gould that she was suffering
from mental hallucinations. lie says
that he proposes to establish the fact
that his wife's mental condition is nor
mal, and that what she said she had
; seen at the asylum had actually taken
place. In conformity with this plan,
he states, he will further prove that
his wife's removal was due to the fact
i that she "knew too much."
$115; for car fare, attending meetings
of board. $5 70; for expressage of pa
pers. $2 70.
At the opening the meeting prom
ised to be a warm one. Supervisor
Austin took exception to the published
interview of Superintendent Chipman,
in which that official attributed the at
tack upon him to the animus of "Boss"
Rea in an attempt to kill him politi
cally. Austin denied he was acting
for any political clique, and said his
motives were of the purest character.
He denounced the statement in ques
tion as a lie and the author a? a liar.
Superintendent Chipman responded
that if he was responsible for the
statement Austin knew how to obtain
redress and where to find him. Austin
thf>n qualified his statement.
Pettlt grave a lucid explanation of the
charges In hi 3 bill, which covered the
time from May 7 to June 30. He had
done most of his work at home, put
ting in from eight to ten hours a day.
The fact that some of it had been done
at San Miguel was made much of by
the Supervisors and caused acrimon
ious remarks. An attempt was made
to prove that ho. had not performed
some of the services charged.
Miss Cornelia Farley, H. H. Bland
and Elmer Brownell. members of the
County Board of Education, gave tes
timony contradictory to Pettlt. but as
their statements Bhowed animus they
were lightly received by the spectators
present. Bland and Brownell, both
Rea men, are out for the nomination
for County Superintendent of Schools.
Chlpman's testimony supported that
of Pettit.
At the conclusion of the examination
of witnesses the allowing of bills was
postponed until next month's meeting.
It appears now as though the investi
gation has proved a political boom
erang and Rea is anxious to drop it.
YOUNG AMERICAN SLAIN
BY THREE MEXICANS
Cold-Blooded Murder of a Sixteen-
Year-Old Lad in Lower Cali
fornia.
SAN DTEGO. July 25.— Christobal Cro«
thwnlte, an American, the lfi-year-old SOn
of Philip Crosthwalte, one of the pioneers
of this section, was shot through the
heart on Friday morning about sixty
miles from Ens'-nada. The murderers
were three escaped Mexican soldiers.
Crosthwaite and another young mnn,
named Mac.Aleer, son of Chris MacAleer,
an old settler in Lower California, left
Ensenada several days ago to herd cat
tle in the Barbon Valley. On Friday
morning. Just before the young men had
breakfasted, the three Mexicans rode into
camp. Although the young men recog
r±LK SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 26, 1898.
STARTING ON HER LAST VOYAGE.
Trje Above Picture of the Kenilwortb Is Reproduced From a Photograph
of the Styp TaKen F ron ) the Dec^ of the Tug That Towed Her
Out of New YorK Harbor Last December. The Scene Is Off
Sandy H°°K an d tne Ship's Boat Has Just Returned F rom
Putting tbc Pilot Aboard the Tug.
A PRIVATE dispatch received by the
Merchants' Exchange yesterday
stated that the American ship Ken
tlworth was on fire and that Captain
J. G. Baker, Mate H. Piper and a boy
named Hobson were dead. The telegram
was dated at Valparaiso, and the general
impression among shipping men is that
the vessel had caught fire and the crew,
being unable to subdue the flames, had
abandoned her. In the struggle to save
the ship the captain, mate and boy had
lost their lives.
The Kenilworth came here in the early
part of the year from New York with a
general cargo. After discharging she
went from here to Hilo. H. 1., where she
nized them as dangerous characters they
were treated with the utmost courtesy
and joined in the meal prepared. \\hen
the breakfast was cleared away Croa
thwaite left the party to get his horse
and prepare for the work. Hardly had
his hack been turned when one of the
Mexican pent a bullet through his heart.
Young MacAleer dashed into the brusn
close by, thereby saving his life.
Before the soldiers left they stripped
their victim of all his clothes and robbed
the tent of everything that might be of
service to them. ..„,»
Half-crazed by fear and almost dead
from exhaustion young MacAleer reached
Ensenada that night and tnld the rtory.
\ posse <>f several bands of ruralee and
about fifty citizens started in pursuit of
the murderers.
DRUNKEN ROW ENDS IN
THE TAKING OF A LIFE
One Nevada Man Shoots Another
Who Was on a Still Hunt for
a Third.
RENO, July 25.— Wi1l Chapman, a
"bronco buster," had a fist fight yesterday
with Charles Sailing in the barroom of
ISrubeek's Hotel at Amadee. It was a
drunken row and after they had ham
mered each other for a time Sailing cripd
quits. The two men went in to dinner
and there got at it again. Sailing again
told Chapman that he had enough. He im
mediately left the hotel, went .to another
saloon procured a pistol and came back.
Chapman was in the washroom when
Balling came back. Frank Miller appeared
on the scene, armed with a double-bar
reled shotgun, and said that he allowed
no man to impose, upon a friend of his.
He put the gun to his shoulder and shot
Sailing with both barrels, one charge "••
tering his right breast and the other
shooting off the lower oart of the face,
killing Sailing instantly.
Miller was arrested by Sheriff Church
of Lassen County and taken to Susanville
this morning.
ANNUAL CONVENTION
OF CHRISTIAN CHURCHES
Delegates Arrive at Santa Cruz on
Every Train for the Summer
Meeting.
SANTA CRUZ .July 25.— The annual con
vention of the Christian churches of Cali
fornia opened this evening at Garfield
Park. All the cottages and tents have
been taken and delegates are arriving on
every train. The tabernacle where the
services are held has been decorated with
the national colors.
The sermon this evening was by Rev.
Frank S. Ford of the First Christian
Church of San Francisco.
The Ministerial Asociation will com
mence its annual meeting to-morrow
morning, and ministers from every sec
tion of the northern part of the State will
be present. In the evening Rev Benjamin
L. Smith of Cincinnati will deliver bis lec
tiire on the "Life and Times of Alexander
Campbell."
CHANGES IN THE DIRECTORY.
Reorganization of tne Pacific Express
Company Completed.
OMAHA, Juiy 25.— The reorganization
of the Pacific Express Company Is now
complete. President Burt of the Union
Pacific, who was elected provisionally to
succeed President Morseman when the
latter resigned some weeks ago, handed
In his resignation to the board of di
rectors and it wan accepted. James
Eggleston of the office of the Adams
Express of New York was elected to be
president of the Pacific. Oliver W. Mink
resigned as vice-president and director
of the company. No one was elected to
succeed him as vice president, but
Erastus Young, general auditor of the
Union Pacific, was chosen to fill the va
cancy on the directory. President Eg
gleston will also be general manager and
George Stobbins. who has been acting
general manager, will return to his posi
tion of division superintendent.
More Time for Pacific Coast Builders
WASHINGTON, July 25.— The Navy
Department has been obliged again to
postpone the date for the receipt of bids
for the construction of torpedo boats. It
has now been set for August 23, upon the
representations of ship-builders on the
Pacific Coast that otherwise they would
not have sufficient time to get their bids
through by mail.
Stmr. Grace Dollar will tall for Bt. Michael.
Guaranteed connection! Tukon River points;
low ratei. Particulars « Mkt. or 632 Mkt., r. t.
loaded sugar for New York. She sailed
from here March 31. and on May 22 she
started on her voyage around the Horn.
The fire must, therefore, have broken out
when she was somewhere in the vicinity
of the Cape of Btorms, and the crew was
probably picked up by ;t passing vessel
and landed at Valparaiso.
This Is not the first time that both mas
ter and vessel have been in trouble. In
LBS9 the Kenilworth was in the big Port
Costa fin-. On that occasion she was
burned to the water's edge, but her hull
was purchased from the British owners
by some San Francisco people, who. at
great expense, fitted her up again and put
her under the American flag. Captain
ALL KINDS OF
FEVER RACING
Five Hundred New Cases
in One Day.
NEARLY ALL OF A MILD TYPE
ONE DEATH ONLY FROM THE
YELLOW SCOURGE.
Not-withstanding the Alarming Fig
ures Shafter Says the Condi
tion of His Men. Seems tc
Be Improving.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 25.— 1n a dis
patch to the War Department to-night
General Shafter reports that about 500
new cases of fever developed in his
corps at Santiago yesterday. This
number includes, of course, all classes
of fevers, probably some cases of gen
uine yellow fever. Only one death is
reported, that one being from yellow
fever. The cheering intelligence is
conveyed that the situation is improv
ing, and that about 450 men who have
been ill have returned to duty. The
dispatch, as posted by the War De
partment, is as follows:
SANTIAGO, July 25.— Adjutant General
T\ S. A., Washington: Number of new
fever cases on the :Mth inst., was 800. At
least 450 have returned to duty. Actual
figures will be given hereafter. Notwith
standing figures, the situation seems
somewhat Improved. One death. Sergeant
J. Lnrnni^n. Troop C, Third Cavalry, vul
low fever; Siboney.
SHArTER, Major General.
As heretofore indicated by General
Rhafter and the medical officers of his
corps, the cases of fever are of a not
ably mild type. The patients are ill
from three days to a week and then
return to duty quite as well as ever.
| The medical officers concur in the
j opinion that this fever renders the men
I immune, for the time, at least, to yel
j low fever. ____________________
GOMEZ GAINS A VICTORY
OVER THE SPANIARDS
Kills the Notorious Guerrilla Chief,
Rosedo Garcia, and Twenty-
Three of His Men.
NEW YORK, July 25.— A special
from Key West says that the Cuban
Junta there has advices from Santa
Clara that Gomez destroyed two
bridges of the railway connecting
Sancti Spiritus with Port Turas de
Zaza, and seized a Spanish munition
train, taking sixty prisoners. The at
tack was made on July 14, a few days
after Gomez received the supplies sent
him by General Miles on the steamers
Florida and Faulta. Roaedo Garcia,
the bandit whom Weyler brought from
Spain and left as brigadier, command-
Ing Spain's guerrilla corps In Sancti
Spiritus, attacked the patriot forces,
but was defeated and killed with
twenty-three of his men. The Cuban
losses are given as eleven killed and
twenty-seven wounded. Gomez is now
reported to be planning the seizure of
a seaport. _
Government Dispatches Quarantined.
TAMPA, Fla., July 25.— The transport
Aransas arrived at quarantine to-day
and will be held. The Aransas has on
board sixty-four persons, and on her
trip down from Santiago several cases
Baker -was master of the clipper ship Wil
lie Rosenfeld when she was lost a few
years ngo. After that disaster he was
made master of the Kenilworth.
The Kenilworth was built in ISS3 at Port
w by J. Reid & Co. Bhe was 2179
tons net burden, 300 feet 2 inches long, 43
feet 1 inch broad and 24 feet 2 inches
She was owned by A. Sewall & Co.,
Hath. Me. Her carg-o was insured in this
city for $250,000 and the hull in the East
for 165,000. The freight money* was in
sured in San Francisco offices for 517.500.
The insurance on cargo and freight money
was placed by Balfour. Guthrle & Co.,
and almost every insurance company in
tli'- city is more or less interested in the
news.
of yellow fever developed. She was
held at the quarantine station at Mul
let Key, and Dr. Glennan of the Marine
Hospital service, who is in charge here,
went down at once and ordered that
the boat be held indefinitely. Colonel j
Astor is on board the Aransas and has
dispatches for the Secretary of War,
which he has orders to deliver in per
son, but he will be held until all danger
is over.
NARROW ESCAPE OF AN
AMERICAN SUPPLY SHIP
Infernal ulachine Containing Dyna
mite and Guncotton Found on
the Port Victor.
NEW YORK, July 25.— 1n a letter
written to a prominent official to-day
Captain AVilHam Rrackley of the re
frigerating and supply ship Port Vic
tor says that an attempt was made to
blow up the ship when she was three
days out. He said a box containing
thirty pounds of dynamite and gun cot
ton was found on the main deck of the
Bteamer. A clocklike mechanism had
been arranged" by which the explosives
were to be set off. The box and explo
sives were thrown into the sea. The
Port Victor left New York July 14.
ATTEMPTED WIFE-MURDER.
Lassen County Woman the Victim
of a Husband's Attack.
BUSANVILLE, July 25.— J. W. Arnett
Jr. of Jlayden Hill, after gashing ins
wife's throat with a razor this morning-,
turned its edge upon his own throat.
Failing, either through lack of nerve or
because of his wife's resistance, to kill
himself, he* procured a rifle and shot at
Mrs. Arnett three times. The first bullet.
■!• :!ect<d by a corset steel, entered iue
hip; the second shot took effect in the
shoulder and the third just grazed her
head. Arnett then mounted a horse and
made his escape.
The poopU- (,;' the ramp are hunting for
the would-be murderer. It is more than
likely he lias carried out his intention to
kill himself. It Is not thought the wom
an's wounds are fatal.
Crushed Under Falling Bock.
SAN ANDREAS. July 25.— The Union
League gravel mine, one mile east of
town, was the scene of an accident to
day shortly before the noon hour in
which Albert Loeffler, an employe, lost
his life. Loeffler and his son Ernest
Loeftler, were timbering one of the drifts.
They had put in a cap supported by two
uprights to hold the re.of and were put
ting in another support in the center of
the timber when it suddenly snapped in
two, letting down several tons of gravel
and rock which burled the elder Loeffler.
The son luckily escaped.
Fire at Healdsburg.
HEALDSBI'RG, July 25.— A cottage be
longing to Mrs. J. H. Curtlss was de
stroyed by fire last night. The house was
occupied by Henry Williams and family.
One nf the children had placed a lighted
candle near a window for a moment and
it is supposed that the wind blew the cur
tain into the flame.
False Rumor of the Pope's Illness.
ROME, July 25.— The rumors circulated
to-day that the Pope had been attacked
with a sudden illness Dr. Lapponi, his
physician, declares quite false. His Holi
ness received at noon to-day Genoral
Campos Salles, the President of Brazil.
who was delighted at the vigor displayed
by the Pontiff.
Held for Incendiarism.
HEALDSBURG, July 25.-Sam Sinclair,
arrested a week ago on the charge of
having set fire to Mr. Wheeler's house,
which was destroyed, has been held to
answer before the Superior Court and
was taken to the County Jail. The evi
dence against him was conclusive.
Catholic Boys' School Opens.
SANTA CRUZ, July 2o.— Tne Catholic
Boys' School was opened to-day. Seventy
boys were present. They are under the
Instruction of three members of the or
der of the Sisters of Charity, who lately
arrived from the East.
Fire Destroys a Barn.
SUSAN VILLE, July 25.— Fire destroyed
I a barn on the Knudson ranch In Willow
j Creek Valley yesterday. Wagons, har
: ness and forty or fifty tons of hay were
also burned.
BRINGS BACK
YUKONERS AND
THEIR WEALTH
Steamship Charles Nelson
Reaches Seattle From
St. Michael.
Carries Nearly Two Hundred
Miners and at Least a Million
in Treasure.
SEATTLE, July 25.— The steamer
Charles Nelson arrived to-day from St.
Michael with 173 passengers from Daw
son and gold dust valued at from
U, 000,000 to $1,500,000. Purser M. A.
Tucker said:
"I believe that $1,500,000 is a fair esti
mate. Of that amount I can vouch for
$600,000 which was turned over to me
and placed In the steamer's safe."
One man, Mr. Tucker said, had $175,
000 and another $125,000. He would not
disclose their names.
Professor T. S. Lippy, hiß father and
two brothers carried from the steamer
nine canvas sacks which weighed about
100 pounds each. This was the clean-up
from Llppy's claim, No. 16 El Dorado.
Charles Randall, an c-ld-timer, had
$84,000. Other Individual amounts ran
from $1000 to $10,000, $5000 being an
average.
At 5 o'clock this afternoon sixty
seven passengers had deposited in the
assay office about $300,000. Four thou
sand ounces was the largest individual
amount. This did not include the
Lippy and Handall gold. About one
third of the passengers brought no
gold. Some of them had gone in last
spring. Not liking the prospects they
sold their outfits and returned.
People are arriving at St. Michael
every day from up the Yukon, and the
next steamers from there will be crowd
ed to their full capacity. Owing to the
high rates on river steamers many of
the Klondikers are floating down In
small boats.
When the Nelson left St. Michael
there were twenty-six vessels there.
Nine river steamers, laden to the
guards, had started up the river. Some
were drawing four feet of water, and
doubts were expressed as to the
heavier draughts ever getting to Daw
son. There is a large amount of mer
chandise at St. Michael which will in
sure plenty of food next winter if it
can be got up before Ice closes naviga-
I tion.
Moran's fleet of ten river steamers
! was passed by the Nelson just after it
i had entered Bering Sea, about 600 miles
I from St. Michael. The arrival ol the
fleet was anxiously awaited at St. Mi
j chael, as it would enable many of the
steamers to send their passengers up
the river. The passengers were get
| ting very uneasy and discontented.
I Several steamers were unable to sail.
owing to the fact that their passengers
would not disembark until river trans
portation was provided for them.
Among the steamers thus delayed were
the Progreso, South Portland and
Brixham. The noted Cuban filibuster
Laurada, with three tows, was passed
by the Nelson in Bering Sea. The
Conemaugh was discharging her steel
river steamers and they were being
riveted together. The Navarra had
arrived with her tow river steamer
Minneapolis in good condition.
Professor Lippy. who is recognized as
an authority on Yukon affairs, said to
night:
"El Dorado should not be counted
when an estimate is to be made as to
the value of the mines on the Yukon.
It is vastly richer than any of the
others that have been worked up to
date. But the country is good, as an
average, for $10 diggings to the man,
even under the present crude condi
tions. There is no question that the
diggings of the Northwest Territory are
very rich, but I question whether as
much work will be done next winter
as was done this past year, owing to
the prohibitive charges by the Cana
dian officials. From the time a man
arrives at the summit of the passes he
begins to be taxed, and he never es
capes after that. He pays for every
thing.
"That system does not compare at all
with the American side. In the first
place, on the American side the Gov
ernment takes no claims for itself and
the miners make their own laws. No
royalties are demanded and there are
no licenses or fees."
One of the successful old-timers who
left the Charles Nelson staggering un
der a weight of gold dust was C. A.
Bevans of lowa. This evening he gav>^
expression to his experiences and opin
ions as follows:
"I left Seattle fourteen years ago,
and have been in Alaska ever since.
From Juneau I went north, and have
prospected in almost every part of the
country. I was at Circle City when
the Klondike was discovered and
when I heard of the news it was too j
late for me to go there, as I had prop
erty which I believed to be valuable. |
That is the way big men feel — men who are full of power and vim.
When the life's blood is circulating in every part of the system grandly
there is full joy ; there is full manly feeling ; there is pleasure in lifa.
This never can happen when organs are stunted or overworked. "Hud-
yan," the great remedio-treatment of the Hudsonian Institute, makes
weak men feel like kings. The tired muscles, the taxed bladder or tho
tired heart vanish where this great treatment is used. If you have
abused one single organ of your system by misuse or over-use (your
liver, perhaps, but no matter what), ask what "Hudyan" has done for
other foolish men. It will cost you nothing, and the information you
will get you would not sell for thousands of dollars. It is free, we say.
So is medical advice, no matter what you suffer from. Why not get
what you can easily get so freely?
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts* San f ranciscoJ
I located in the Manook country, and
it was there I met ex-Governor Mc-
Graw. \\V worked as partners, and
when the clean-up tool place I was at
one end of a. sluice box and he at the
other. McGraw has good property,
and so have many other Seattle peo
ple who are located in the Manook
country. I have a one-half interest in
six claims on the Manook and a one
half interest in three claims on Birch
Creek. I know that there is property
on the Manook as valuable as any to
be found on the El Dorado, and all
that is necessary is to have some work
done. It is useless to go t>> any coun
try and open up a broker's office or
stake out cla...is without doing any
actual mining, and that is all that is
the matter with Manook and other
parts of Alaska. The people who are
condemning Alaska never went any
farther than the banks of the Yukon,
while in order to find paying property
it is necessary to go from nine to
ninety miles. The country is better off
without such people and the same peo
! pie are better off out of it.
"Boats going- up the river are now
i loaded down with whisky and hard
ware, but not much provisions, and I
was obliged to come out after another
supply in order to keep my men at
work. You can say with strict regard
for the truth that Alaska miners are
greatly handicapped by a shortage of
food, and it will be impossible to mine
to an advantage until the transporta
tion companies establish posts at dif
ferent points along the river and sell
supplies at reasonable price?."
EXODUS OF CARLISTS
FROM NORTHERN SPAIN
The Government Claims to Have Ef
fectually Checked Their Con
templated Uprising.
MADRID, July 2:.. midnight.— The
Government prol have full Infor
mation as to all the Carlist doings, and
is acting accordingly. The Carlist lead
ers. It is believed, left Madrid because
they feared arrest rather than with any
Idea of preparing a rising. The author
ities Insist that the agitation has
effectively checked. Vasco, the Carlist
chief at Bilbao, baa been arrested. The
exodus of CarliPt." fmm the northern
Provinces of Spain into France is ex
tremely active.
SUICIDE BY THE ROPE.
Despondent Man Hangs Himself to
a Telegraph. Pole.
REDWOOD CITY. July 25.— An un
known man w;is found hanging to a tele
graph pole on Saturday last near Holy
Cross Cemetery, in the northern part of
this county. ±he dead man was about
50 years of age. A star was tattooed on
the back of his right wrist and the num
aa sewed t>> the bosom of his
light blue woolen shirt. Evidently tne
man had committed suicide.
Woodland Guards May Reorganize.
WOODLAND, July 2.".— C. YV. Bush re
cently wrote a letter to Governor Budd
representing that an armory hart been
constructed In Woodland with the ex
presa view of accommodating a company
of the National Guard. He urged that
it would be an injustice to the men who
advanced the money and to the cltzens
in general for Woodland to be denied any
further representation in the National
Guard. Governor Budd replied that a
new company properly organized would
he accepted and mustered into the State
militia.
Northern Volunteers Welcomed.
WOODLAND, July 25.— A large delega
tion of people went to the depot at noon
to-day to welcome thr- Third Battalion of
the. First Regiment of Washington Vol
unteers. There were 430 men arid 12 offi
cers. Colonel D. Wolley was in com
mand.
Yolo County Democrats.
WOODLAND, July 25.— The Democrats
will nominate, a county ticket by the
Crawford plan on the 9th of August.
Never in the history of Ynlo County was
there such a formidable array of candi
dates as at present.
Suisun Mourns Her Dead.
BDISUN, July 25.— The funeral of Dor
man Perkins, the Suisun merchant who
was killed in a bicycle accident, took
place this morning under auspices of Sui
sun Lodge No. 56, F. it A. M. Every busl
nesa house and all public offices were
closed.
Death Invades Soquel.
SAXTA CRUZ, July 25.— Joshua Parrlsh.
a pioneer, died to-day at his home in So
■■•■••'. He was aged 82 and a native of
Ohio.
34
DISTRIBUTION
OF THE BONDS
Work Involves Great
Labor.
FIRST SHIPMENT SENT OUT
SMALL BIDDERS ARE GIVEN
THE PREFERENCE.
Last of the Issue Will Not Have
Been Forwarded Until After
the Beginning of Sep
tember.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 25.— The fol
lowing statement concerning the new
bond issue was made at the Treasury
Department to-day:
The first shipment of the new war bonds
was made to-day. It consisted of 1000 I
bonds of $20 each and $1000 bonds of $500 ■
each. Tho public mind is poorly prepared |
to comprehend the enormous labor and
multitudinous delays connected with this !
great popular loan. In the first place, af
ter the rejection and return of thousands
of subscriptions to which no allotment i
could be made, there remain about 300,000 |
persons to whom bonds will be allotted
and forwarded in due course by express. )
It is not a question only of 300,000 names.
The name, including State, county, town
and street number of each subscriber i
must be transcribed and rewritten in va- !
rious ways at least ten times. This is j
equivalent to entering once, thus fully ex
tended, 3.1 A.0.000 or more names.
The mere clerical work, however, is but
a part of the problem ; the collection of !
checks and drafts received as payment
for bonds, the computation of interest,
preparation of cnecks in settlement for
same, the engraving and printing of ten
kimls or denominations of bonds, the ac
curate disposition of these in envelopes
properly addressed, all these are a part of
the problem that must be solved without
error or omission. One simnle fact will
impress the mind with the magnitude of
the operation. Each envelope must be
sealed with three seals, which means that j
900.000 seals in wax must be Imprinted on j
outgoing bonds.
Another important feature is the limlta- j
tion i the ability of the express agency to
receive, forward and deliver the bonds
after they are committed to their care for ;
this purpose. This limitation is estimated .
by tne express company at 6000 items a
day.
While subscribers in the sums of $4500 or j
less may rest secure in the certainty that j
the bonds will come to them all in due
time, they must patiently await the oppra
tion of the Government machinery. It Is
understood that deliveries on the sub- i
scriptlons of $n'X> and less, for which the
money has been all received will be made
before the larger subscriptions are at
tended to. Of these email subscriptions i
there are 230.000, and It is estimated that
forty days will be required for their dcliv- '
erv.
From this it will appear that subscrib
ers in amounts larger than $500 will not
hegrin to receive their bonds until after
September 1. From that date on the
In.m'.s will be put in the hands of the
larger subscribers quite rapidly, since, nu
merically speaking, they aggregate leM
than one-third of the number of Bina.ii
subscribers. In the meantime the larger
subscribers will be officially notified by
the Treasury Department when and how
payments in' addition to the 2 per cent de
posit will be required and before remitting
funds they are requested to await such
notice. Much confusion will thereby be
avoided.
BAPTISTS GATHER
AT TWIN LAKES
Seventeenth State Convention Will
Begins Its Sessions To-
Day.
SANTA CRUZ, July 25.— The seven
teenth session of the General Baptist Con
vention of California and affiliated organ- i
lzations will convene at .iwin Lakes to- j
morrow. Rev. J. Q. A. Henry and wife,
formerly of the First Church, San Fran
cisco, will be among the principal speak
ers. This week's meeting will include a
Bible Conference, under the direction of
Sunday School Missionary D. P. Ward.
The Young People's convention will
convene on Saturday, July 30, and will
continue throughout Sunday, July 31. The
music of the convention will be in charge
of D. J. Davis of Sacramento.
The officers and committees of the con
vention are: President, Rev. C. M. Hill,
Oakland; vice-presidents, Frank M.
Mitrhell, Sacramento; Robert Whltaker,
Oakland; B. F. Farmer, Vklah; A. B.
Banks, Sacramento; F. M. Lutts, Wil
lows; W. L. Williams, Madera; T. S.
Young, San Jose. Corresponding secre
tary. Rev. Robert Whitaker, Oakland;
recording secretary, George E. Dye, Wil
lows; treasurer, C. F. Baker, Oakland;
directors— S. C. Keetch, J. F. Moody, C.
H. Hobart, D. xv.. Carman, Richard
Bayne. George O. Hayford. W. C. Jenkins,
H. T. Waite, G. M. Coulter, Mrs. J. Sun
derland, Mrs. J. D. Bush; officers of the
board— president. Rev. C. M. Hill; secre
tary. Rev. Robert Whitaker. Executive
committee-Rev. C. M. Hill, Rev J. F.
Moody, H. T. Waite, Rev. S. C. Keetch,
Robert Whitaker; State commission on
svstematlc benevolence— Rev. J. Sunder
land. Hon. Frank Moody, Rev. T. S.
Young, Rev. C. H. Hobart. Rev. A- J.
Sturtevant, Rev. F. M. Mitchell, Rev. J.
George Gibson.
STEAMSHIP LIGHTNING
PARTIALLY WRECKED
Encounters a Gale Off Dutch Harbor
and Reaches Port Badly
Crippled.
VANCOUVER, July 25.— Word reached
here to-day that the steamer Lf&htnlng,
built In this city for the Stacey-Liebert
syndicate, had been partially wrecked on
her trip to St. Michael. She was in tow
of the steamer Capilano when a gale
Bprang up near Dutch Harbor. Her iron
rods broke, her chains parted and the
crew of nine men, thinking their last hour
had arrived, got down on their knees and
prayed. They wanted the life boats low
ered, but were prevented by the cap
tain. Finally the gale subsided and in a
crippled condition the steaemer reached
Dutch Harbor.
The lightning, carried a complete con
cert hall outfit, which was to have been
taken into Dawson. It included a piano
and a large amount of liquor, for which
a permit had been given. Stacey and
Liebert spent $40,000 on the expedition.
SOUTHERN FRANCE IS
ALIVE WITH CARLISTS
Government Notifies Prefects to
Place Certain Chiefs Under
Surveillance.
LONDON, July 26.— The Paris corres
pondent to the Dally News says: The pre
fect of Lower Pyrenees reports a Carlist
exodus from Spain. Saint Jean de Luz,
Bayonne and Biarritz are alive with Carl
ists. TbS prefects of the Pyrenees have
been ordered to plfiet; certain Carlist
chiefs under surveillance and to notify
the French Government if any organizat
ion for giving arms or ammunition is
discovered.
ASSASSINATED ON A
ST. LOUIS STREET
Charles A. Brant Shot and Killed
While Placing a Letter in
a Mailbox.
ST. LOUIS, July 25.— Charles A. Brant,
stenographer for an electrical supply
company in thiß city, stopped to mail a
letter at the corner of Twenty-first and
Locust streets to-night and was shot and
almost instantly killed. Two shots were
fired and three men were seen to run.
Brant staggered across the street and
fell dead. In his pocket was an affection
ate letter, evidently To his wife, but ad
dressed to P. O. Box 693, Asbury Park,
N. J., also a will headed "To Miss Mary
Harding, Davenport Inn, Asbury Park,
N. J., whom I desire to be notified In
case of my sudden death and who, In the
sight of God, Is my lawful wife."
Miss Harding Is the daughter of Roger
E. Harding, a wealthy citizen of St.
Louis, to whom Brant waa married in
October, 1896, against the wishes of her
father. They -were divorced in April, 1898.
Brant was formerly a hotel clerk at Los
Angeles, Cal.
SANTiAGANS KICK ON
UNCLE SAM'S SILVER
Suggestion That Tradesmen Refus
ing Our Coin Should Be Moved
to Other Territory.
WASHINGTON, July 25.— Major Snlffen
of the Pay Corps will sail from New York
to-morrow on the Olivette for Santiago,
accompanied by three paymasters. They
will begin the payment of troops on their
arrival and in a very short time will be
joined by other paymasters, who will as
sist in paying oft General Shafter's army
and will then proceed to Porto Rico to
pay off the army of General Miles.
A rather Interesting question has arisen
In regard to the payment of troops. A
telegram has been received from General
Shatter requesting that gold and paper be
sent to Santiago, as tradesmen there re
fuse to accept American silver dollars at
their par value and rate them at 50 cents,
as with the Mexican dollar. It was Pay
master General Stanton"s intention to
send as little silver as ppssible, confining
it mostly to. subsidiary coin for the pur
pose of making change, on account of the
greater convenience of takin- gold and
paper and he will continue to do so.
Considerable indignation is expressed that
American money of any kind is discount
ed, and a suggestion has been made to the
Secretary of War that any tradesman
who refuses to accept T'nited States
money of any kind at 100 cents on the dol
lar should be removed frtm any territory
over which the American flag floats. It is
not known that any orders will be sent to
General Shafter on the subject.
The supposition is that the refusal to
accept silver dollars is the result of the
long use of the silver of Mexico and the
South American countries which have
never passed for more than half Its face
value.
STEAMSHIPS BOUGHT
BY THE GOVERNMENT
Canadian Pacific Liners Will Carry
American Expeditions to the
Philippines.
VANCOUVER, July 25.— The Canadian
Pacific Railway steamships Athenian and
Tartar have. It is understood, been sold
to the United States Government and will
be used In transporting troops to Manila,
From a well-known Canadian Pacific of
ficial it was learned that the sale of yes-
Bels hod been consummated several days
ago. Three weeks ago Captain Edwards
of the Vancouver (Wash.) Barracks, visit
ed Vancouver, B. C, and thoroughly in
spected the steamers. Several days ago
it was announced that both steamships
had been withdrawn from the Wrangel
run and the fact that all their stores had
been removed to the Oriental liners of the
company convinced the moat skeptical
that they were going out of the com
pany's hands for good.
The sale, it is understood, was made to
the Pacific Coast Steamship Company as
it could not be made direct to the United
States Government. The purchase price
is reported to have been $400,000 each. The
steamships are of over 4000 tonnage, with
a carrying capacity of 500 and 600 men.
SEATTLE. July 25. — The steamer
("harlos Boynton, which arrived here to
day from St. Michael, has been chartered
by" the Government for a transport. The
i;' ..vf-rnraent has also chartered the
steamer Samoa. Both vessels will leave
for San Francisco within a day or two. It
is understood that they are to be used in
carrying troops to Honolulu.
■•■
COMMODORE SCHLEY'S
NIECE IN SOME PERIL
Fails to Obtain a Reception in Mad
rid and Will Probably Be
Ordered to Depart.
LONDON, July 26.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Daily Mail says. An
American lady, said to be Schley's
daughter, arrived here, but neither the
Queen Regent nor any responsible per
sonage will receive her. She will prob
ably be requested to depart at the earl
iest possible date.
Presumably the American lady re
ferred to is Miss Jessie Schley, daugh
ter of Charles Schley of Milwaukee,
cousin of Commodore Schley. Miss
Schley is a member of the Paris Peace
Society and went to Madrid with the
intention of conferring with the Queen
Regent and Senor Sagasta, whence
she proposed to proceed to Washington
for an interview with President Mc-
Klnley. Her course has been disap
proved by her father, who has written
to her to return to Milwaukee Imme
diately.
NOVA SCOTIA TOWN
WIPED OUT BY BIG FIRE
Two Hundred Dwellings, Five
Churches and Twenty Stores
Consumed at Pugwash.
HALIFAX, N. S., July 25.— The town
of Pugwash, 1200 Inhabitants, a shipping
port of considerable Importance on the
Straits of Northumberland, was wiped
out by fire to-day, 200 dwellings, five
churches, twenty stores, three hotels and
several mills being destroyed. The fire
swept throueh whole blocks with great
rapidity and people fled for their lives,
losing "everything. Tho inhabitants are
now encamped in the fields and woods.
Several people, are reported missing, but
it Is Impossible yet to tell who, if any,
perished.
VANDERBILT AND
SON TO BE RECONCILED
Cornelius Jr. Was Disinherited After
He Married Miss Grace Wil
son in 1896.
NEW YORK, July 25.— A morning paper
makes the announcement that Cornelius
Vanderbilt Jr. and his father are to be
reconciled. Young Vanderbilt married
Miss (irace Wilson In 1596, and was disin
herited.
Tired of Free Transportation.
N KW YORK, July 25.— The managers
of the Joint Traffic Association recom
mend that the circular of January au
thorizing the free transportation to
Cuba of supplies for account of the
Centra! Cuba Relief Committee be can
celed on July 31. Relief supplies will
be accepted at regular tariff rates, less
25 per cent.
Distinguished Educator Dead.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., July 25.— The Rev.
Rufus Nutting, D.D. , one of the most
prominent educators in Illinois, died to
day at his home in Carllnville, aged 7G
years. He was philosophic professor of
Greek and Latin in Blaokburne Universi
ty, Carllnville.
Salinas Pioneer Gone.
SAUNAS, July 25.— John K. White,
aged 80, a pioneer of Saliim* Valley, died
this morning after an illness of three
months. He was a native of Ireland and
came to California in the early fifties.
Korea's King Would Abdicate.
LONDON, July 26.— A dispatch to the
Dally Chronicle from Shanghai says that
LI Houi, the King of Korea, desires to
abdicate and to take refuge at the British
Consulate ot Seoul. The British Consul,
however, declines to receive him.
Boseville Flame-Swept.
SACRAMENTO, July 25.— 1t Is reported
here that a fire at Roseville. Placer Coun
ty, to-night destroyed a hotel, a drug
store, bakery and another building.
THE SAIN" FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 26, 1898.
CLEVER AND
FAST FIGHT
Everhardt Draws With
McPartland.
HONORS EVENLY DIVIDED
NEITHER MAN RECEIVES MUCH
PUNISHMENT.
Large Bets Becorded Before the Pair
Enter the Ring, With the New
Yorker a Red-Hot
Favorite.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 25.— Kid McPart
land of New York and Jack Everhardt
of New Orleans fought twenty-five
rounds to-night at the Greater New
York Athletic Club, Coney Island, and
at the end of the twenty-fifth round
both men were able to go several
rounds more. Referee Sam Austin
satisfied every one by declaring the
bout a draw. This was the third time
the men have met, and to-night's co-n
test leaves the question of supremacy
between the two to be settled at some
future time.
The vast building was densely
packed. The betting was lively, with
McPartland a slight favorite at odds of
100 to 90. The followers of McPartland
had pressed their bets while the crowd
waited for the men to appear, and the
odds were forced to 2 to 1 on the Kid.
Just before the men entered the ring
one bet of $1000 to $700 was registered
by a prominent bookmaker with a well
known clubman. The bookmaker took
the MePartland end of it.
Everhardfs seconds were Tommy
White, Joe Fisher, Danny Mcßride and
Alexander Fisher. McPartland was
seconded by Bob Clark, Andy Welsh,
Young Jerrow and Charley Duryea.
Everhardt gave his weight at 136
pounds and McPartland owned up to
135.
In the opening round Everhardt land
ed a right swing on the back of the
Kid's neck and at the close McPart
land had forced Everhardt to his cor
ner. The eight succeeding rounds were
simply exhibitions of scientific spar
ring. In the ninth round McPartland
landed a stinging left swing on the pit
of Everhardfs stomach. In the tenth
McPartland landed three hard lefts on
the head and face. Everhardfs right
eye was marked during the round, this
being the only mark sustained by
either man during the mill.
The following rounds up to the nine
teenth were fast and the fighting pretty
even, with the advantage, if any, in
favor of McPartland. In the four
teenth and seventeenth rounds partic
ularly, Everhardt swung wildly and
failed repeatedly to land.
In the nineteenth round Everhardt
swung hJB right hard on McPartland's
head, dazing the Kid. Everhardt rushed
and the round ended in a clinch near
the ropes.
McPartland came up strong in the
twentieth, however, and cut out a
faster pace, which he continued in the
following round. Everhardt was tired
when he went to his corner.
In the twenty-third round Everhardt
took a turn at rushing and took dcs
! perate chances to land a swinging
! blow. He was cleverly blocked and
| failed to get one past McPartland's
; guard.
In the twenty-fourth round Jack kept
| rushing and forcing. He jabbed a
1 straight left on the face which forced
! McPartland's head back, but McPart
; land chopped two lefts on the neck,
i Jack rushed McPartland into the lat
i ter's corner. Jack rushed again and
! McPartland stopped him with a left
uppercut on the mouth.
McPartland opened the twenty-fifth
i with a loft chopping blow on the face.
; McPartland again sent his left to the
face and Jack landed a hard left on the
i ear. Jack rushed wildly and McPart
i land uppercut him with the left on tho
breast. Mac kept jabbing left and right
swings which did not land. Jack up
percut the Kid with his right on the
chest and slipped to his knee. When
Jack got to his feet, time was up and
the fight was ended. The referee de
clared the bout a draw.
TEST CASE AGAINST THE
WELLS-FARGO COMPANY
Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce
Takes Up the War Tax
Stamp Question.
LOS ANGELES, July 25.— The Mer
chants' ajvl Mnmifarturt rs 1 Association
Is making a vigorous fU:ht against the
local agent of the Wells-Fargo Express
Company over the question, Who pays
fnr the war tax stamp on the express re
ceipt? To-day Secretary Zehandelaar ex
pressed a book to the secretary of the
San Francisco association and refused to
pay for the stamp. The agent refused to
give a receipt and Secretary Zehandrln.ar
attempted to have a complaint Issued I>>
the United. States District Attorney.
District Attorney Flint is In San Francis
co and his deputy, Finlayson. refused to
issue a complaint, even after Mr. Flint
had telegraphed to him from Ban Fran
cisco to do bo. The Merchants' and Man
ufacturers' Association directors met and
decided to lay the matter of the refusal
to his complaint before the authorities
at Washington and ro continue to light
for a legal decision as to who shall pay
for the stamp.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON, July 25.— A postofflce
was to-day established at Spreckels. Mon
terey County, Cal.. and Charles Jones ap
pointed Postmaster. The following; Cali
fornia Postmasters were also appointed
to-day: S. E. Shlnn, at Freshwater.
Humboldt County, vice Alexander Coeur,
removed; P. M. Ram&gfl, at Gem, Mon
terey County, vice James H. Adam, re
signed; and L. Villegas, at Soledad, Mon
terey County, vice Charles Demalge, re
moved.
Pacific Coast pensions have been grant
ed as follows:
California: Original— John Criss. Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, $S; William A.
Danmaker. Oakland, $12; Joseph S. Clay
poole, Indian Diggings, $10. Original
widow, etc.— Jane S. Armstrong, Dos
Pole, $S.
Washington \l Original — William H.
Brunk, Issaquah, $8. Restoration and In
crease—Joseph C. Cllmar (dead). Ellens
burg, $6 to $12. Original widows, etc.—
Mary Koontz, Toledo, $8
KNOCKED OVERBOARD
FROM THE HUNTRESS
STOCKTON, July 25.— The body of the
woman drowned in Middle River last Fri
day has not been recovered. The drowned
woman was Miss Mary Allen of Vallejo,
aged 19 years. She was on the way to
this city on the sloop Huntress, owned by
Antone Hansen, a Vallejo saloon-keeper.
The young woman asked to be brought
to this city, saying she had friend a here
whom she wished to visit. On the way
up she told Hansen that her real object
was to get away from her home, as she
could not bear the treatment her mother
subjected her to.
Hansen and Miss Allen were the only
ones on the sloop. They were standing
just in front of the wheel, when the boom
was swung round by a gust of wind. It
struck Hansen and Miss Allen on the
head, knocking the man backward on
the deck, where he lay unconscious. The
woman was knocked overboard. When
Hansen recovered consciousness he called
for Miss Allen. Getting no reply he
started to rise, but fell. He was unable
to do more than crawl around the deck
in a semi-dazed condition.
A flag was flying on the mast of the
sloop, and, to attract attention, Hansen
lowered it to half-mast. The next morn
ing two young men boarded the boat to
ascertain what was the matter, and they
sailed the sloop into Stockton. The
drowned woman had not been at home
very much of late. She told Hansen that
she had been working out as a domestic
in Los Angeles and other cities.
RED BLUFF'S NEW
ELECTRIC PLANT
Tehama Company Begins Operations
and a Rate War Is Started
by Its Rival.
RED BLUFF, July 25.— The new plant
of the Tehama Electric Company was put
into operation tor the first time to-night
and the result was equal to all expecta
tions.
Three months ago Assessor J. L,. Bar
ham obtained pledges from the greater
portion of the residents of this city to the
effect that if a new electric plant was es
tablished here they would use its lights.
The plant was built. It is the nroperty of
James Cross of San Francisco, and will
be under the management of w. Craw
ford and William Sanders.
Street lights will be put in about the
first of August and the wiring of the
stores and residences for Incandescent
lights is already under way. Fifteen hun
dred or two thousand lights will be run.
E W. Runyon, president of the old com
pany, arrived last nipht from an extended
trip to Europe. He says that after to-day
the rates of his company will be reduced
50 cer cent. This will make its rates lower
than those of tae new company, and will
result in a rate war.
SHARKEY AND CORBETT
WILL COME TOGETHER
NEW YORK, July 23.— Jim Corbett will
have another match on his hands after
he fights Kid McCoy. Sailor Tom Shark
ey who has been aching for a fight, will
meet the Californian. To-morrow Tom
O'Rourke and William A. Brady will put
their signatures to articles of agreement
which will bind the two men.
Sick and Wounded Doing Well.
NEW YORK, July 25.—The sick and
wounded soldiers who arrived here on
the Seneca, and who were taken to Belle
vne Hospital, are recovering rapidly, two
of them having recovered sufficiently to
go away. All the men say they Intend to
the hospital as soon as po&ai j'.e,
although they speaek highly of the treai
m< Qt ihey have received.
Priests Warned Against Intriguing.
VIENNA, July 25.— According to a dis
patch from Rome the Vatican haa In
structed the Papal Nuncio at Madrid to
threaten with severe punishment any
priests favoring Carllst or anti-dynastic
Intrigue*.
Evan McColl, the Scotch Poet, Dead.
TORONTO, Ontario, July K.— Evan Mc-
Coll, the Scotch poet, is dead. He was
the author of many poems, both in Eng
lish and Gaelic. He was 90 years old.
Charges Are Piled Up.
Simon Bendit, the enterprising: youth
who swindled more than fifty people by
moans of stolen shipping orders of the
Southern Pacific Company, was yester
day booked at the City Prison on four
charges of obtaining money by false pre
tensea and two charges of forgery. About
five yeara ago Henuit was arrested on a
charge of forgery but the case was thrown
out by the Supreme Court. Later he was
arrested In Oakland for stealing a letter
and got six months.
Raided a Pan-Tan Qame.
Officers Nailor and Meredith of Ser
geant McManus' squad made a raid on
the Globe Hotel, run by "Gooseneck" at
the corner of Jackson and Dupont streets,
at 12 o'clock last night. They captured
eighteen men engaged in a fan-tan game.
Three of them were natives of the Phil-
Islands, seven of them Chinese
and eight of them were Japs. They also
goi 129 80 In cash and the fan-tan layout.
The officers consider the capture one of
great importance.
Notorious Wife-Beater.
Martin Galvin, 24S Tehama street, was
■lay sent to the County Jail for six
months by Judge Conlan for beating nla
wife Katie. He g«t a further sentence of
three months for disturbing the peace. It
was shown that Martin was in the habit
astislng his wife daily, and on July
went beyond the usual limits and
gave h.-r such a thrashing thct she was
confined to her bed.
Two Fathoms Away.
The case of Private Yore of Company
D. AVashington Volunteer Regiment,
charged with an assault with a deadly
weapon Sunday night by Chris. Peterson,
barkeeper In the saloon, 906 Ivearny
street was dismissed by Judge Moga.v
Hay. Peterson in giving his evi
dence said that when Tore presented the
revolver at him ho was "two fathoma"
i;ls' ant.
A COURT OF DEAF MUTES
Two Are Defendants One J
Complaining WitnesSjOne ,
Special Prosecutor and (
a Policeman Who Can \
Talk Will Act as
Interpreter,
One of the most extraordinary
cases ever brought into a Police
Court was called before Judge Mo-
Kan yesterday morning. Two deaf
mutes were defendants, a deaf
mute was the complaining witness
and a deaf mute lawyer appeared
as special prosecutor.
From a written statement sub
mitted to the Judge by Theodore
Grady, the deaf mute lawyer, Isi
dore Bellg, the complaining witness,
who is employed as a clerk by Be
llg Bros., 108 Battery street, was on
his way to his home at IK Van
Ness avenue Saturday evening,
when he was confronted by the two
defendants, Daniel O'Brien and Slg
mund Horn, Just as he reached the
corner of Eddy street. They
pounced upon him, knocking him
down and tearing his trousers.
The defendants also submitted a
brief written statement In which
they said Sellg had been calling
them names with his lingers and
bad been writing about them and
they went to his house to demand
an explanation, when he showed
light and they knocked him down.
. Grady in writing asked for a con
tinuance til! Thursday, as his wit
nesses were not ready," and It was
granted.
The Judge will on Thursday call
into service Sergeant John Green to
interpret, as he is an adept in the
language of the dumb alphabet. He
would also like to get a deaf mute
lawyer to represent the defendants,
to make the thing complete.
O'Brien and Horn are well known
amateur boxers and | belong to the
San Francisco Athletic Club." They
are said to be experts in the manly
art of self defense. It is also said
that one of their principal reasons
for assaulting , Sellg was that he
was able to dress better than they
and gave himself airs. They are
employed in a laundry at Sixteenth
and Valencia streets.
YUKON RUSH
IS ABATING
Few Men Are Crossing
the Passes.
ACCIDENTS ARE NUMEROUS
BOATS WBECKED AND THEIR
OCCUPANTS LOST.
Juneau Experiences an Earthquake
Shoek — Camping Ground at
a Premium in
Dawson.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
JUNEAU, July 21 (by steamship
Rosalie to Port Townsend, July 25).—
The steamer Dora came in last night
with a few Valdes passengers and a
.number from Cook Inlet. Not much
progress in mining has been made on
the inlet this season, owing to the high
water. The Polly Mining Company,
which is thought to have the best
ground, had Its wing dam carried away.
Other disasters have seriously retarded
work, so the output of gold will net be
as large as it would have been other
wise. No new strikes are yet reported,
though many prospectors are still out.
The Dora picked up a big nameless
scow adrift near the entrance to Cook
Inlet The scow had aboard about ISO
tons of coal and a large cargo of lum
ber The pickup is worth about $yOOO
to the tinder. The scow was leit at
K The a sieamer Del Norte has arrived at
Kodiak with her tow in good condi-
tl( jJineau had two distinct shocks of
earthquake yesterday morning-one
at about 6 o'clock and the other at
about 7 o'clock. It awakened many
people who were still in bed, rattled
pictures, bric-a-brac and dishes and
caused a slight uneasiness while it
continued. No damage was done in
Passengers from Kodiak on the Dora
report that nothing more had been
seen of the alleged vessel cruising In
the vicinity of Unalga Pass, and sup
posed to be a Spanish privateer with
designs upon gold coming out of the
Yukon.
The noted Bars Nest gold mine on
Douglas Island was disposed of to-day
at Sheriff's sale for $25,000, Cyrus Dolph
and Mr. Snow of Portland, Oregon,
buying it in for the bondholders.
A party of thirty-six people came up
the river on the small steamers and
out over the Dyea trail last Tuesday,
only eight days from Dawson. Men
are still going down the river, but the
number of boats Is not one-fifth as
many as was on the way from two to
four weeks ago. In all the crowd and
rush It is almost impossible that ac
cidents should not occur. It is won
derful that there have not been greater
casualties. So far only about fifteen
men are known to have been lost in
the water, but about 150 wrecks have
occurred, the boats and outfits being
lost.
The thousands of new comers at
Dawson have looked around them and
begun to realize the stern reality of a
prospecting trip. Camping ground is
at a premium. The best of order Is
maintained by the Canadian police.
The bringing of Dawson within five
days of Juneau, actual traveling time,
is already having a most desirable
effect upon the cuisine of Dawson. It
is now possible to have fresh meat and
such fruit as oranges with considerable
regularity. Juneau bottled beer is now
a luxury at Dawson.
A newspaper carrier came out over
the Dalton trail, arriving here to-day.
He reports 300 men at Fort Selkirk
waiting for Jack Dalton, who Is on the
trail somewhere with several hundred
ponies. Several droves of cattle have
arrived at Dawson over this trail. The
first fresh beef sold at $1 25 per pound.
Hundreds are pulling up the stakes of
their tents and departing down the
river on the lookout for creeks to pros
pect.
Quite a number have gone on up the
Klondike, deciding to risk a season's
time on that not well-prospected river.
Sickness Is not on the increase, the
health of the goldseekers being good In
general. HAL HOFFMAN.
Donegal Social Club.
The committee of arrangements of the
Donegal Social Club met yesterday In the
Columbian building and perfected their
reunion and picnic, which will take place
next Sunday, July 31, at Wild wood Glen,
Sausalito.
John Brannan presided. Secretary M.
H. Morgan reported that a large number
of the officers and soldiers in camp ac
cepted the invitation to take part in the
festival.
P. B. Gallagher, chairman of the com
mittee on invitation and reception, re
ported that a large delegation from San
Jose, Oakland ana Santa Rosa would be
In attendance to represent the Irish Boys
of '9S.
The Columbia Again Libeled.
A libel was filed against the steamship
Columbia In the United States District
Court yesterday by G. W. English and
others of the Pine Rock Lumber Company
for $1046 95. The complainants were in
terested in the cargo of the schooner J.
Eppinger, which was sunk by the Colum
bia in a fog.
Coroner's Inquests.
The Inquest on the body of Orlando
Louck», a salesman living at 204 San Jose
avenue, resulted in tho verdict of accl
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BOSTON AND ALASKA
TRANSPORTATION CO.,
Owners, Will Dispatch the Following Steam-
DAWSON CITY
And INTERMEDIATE YUKON RIVER
POINTS. Via
DUTCH HARBOR, NEW BOSTON AND ST.
• MICHAEL:
BTEEL T ATTRADA
STEAMSHIP JuAUIIA.UA,
SAILING ON OR ABOUT JULY 20 '
IShip SOUTH PORTLAND,
SAILING ON OR ABOUT JULY 30.
Connecting at mouth of Yukon River with th«
' company's fleet of
EIGHT RIVER STEAMERS and BARGES.
Colonel McNaught, Governor Pingree, Philip B
Low, A. E. Fay, B. B. Glasscock, Michigan, "
Washington and New York.
Boston and Alaska Transportation Company
owns and operates its ocean steamships and
fleet of modern river steamers, which are now
In service on the Yukon River.
Special accommodations for ladles.
Electric lights, steam heat, best meals, best
berths, best time. -
For freight and passenger rates apply i ',
H. M. HAINES.
Contracting Freight and Passenger Agent,
20 Montgomery at., San Francisco, Cal.
A. E. CRONENWETT,
'■ General Traffic Manager,.S eattle," Wash.
' "iWtfßM l lnft l in i lißirH>iJ'HhnnMitw»,iH lii m IP tiiiWl^l T»
dental carbon monoxide poisoning. T'le
jury In the case of Frank^chmidt, a milk
man who lived at 621 Commercial street,
brought in a verdict of suicide by carbolic
acid poisoning.
NEW TBEASUBY DECISIONS.
All Food Products Coming Under the
Head of Mixed Flour Must Be
Stamped.
According to one of the recent decisions
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
all mixed flours must be stamped. Mixed
flour is construed by the department to
mean any food product made from wheat
mixed or blended in whole or in part with
any other pram or other material, or the
manufactured product of any grain other
than wheat.
Bottles filled with wine must be stamped
without regard to the fact whether the
vessels they were filled from have been
stamped or not. w__j
Transportation and warehousing bonas
issued on and after July 1 must be
stamped without regard to date of execu-
Bonds and instruments which are re
quired by law to be in duplicate or tripli
cate must have the proper stamp affixed
to each copy. Where the law is satisfied
with the single execution of a bond or
other similar papers one stamp is, or
course, sufficient. Where a copy Is desired
for any purpose, the presence of a stamp
on the original must be indicated on th©
copy by a proper entry in the appropriate
Postmasters desiring to sell Internal
revenue stamps may take them on the
same terms offered to private Individuals
—a discount of 1 per cent in lots of $100
worth or more.
Died From Her Burns,
Mrs. Kate McCarthy, who was so_ se
verely burned by the explosion of a coal
oil lamp at her residence at 28 Sheridan
street on Sunday morning, died at the
City and County Hospital yesterday after
"AfteV being 0 treated at the Receiving
Hospital by Dr. Well she was transferred
to the City and County Hospital, where
Dr Tillman did all he could for the unfor
tunate woman, but her injuries were of
such a severe character that no hopes
were entertained for her recovery.
Broke the Furniture.
Aleck Talbot, who the police say Is an
ex-convict, forced his way Into his sis
ter's house at Eighth and Harrison
streets last night and proceeded to
break the furniture and crockery.
Officer J. F. Murphy was summoned and
after a short struggle overpowered the
obnoxious Intruder. At the City Prison
Talbot was charged with malicious mis
chief, disturbing the peace and drunken
ness.
CALITOBNIANS IN WASHING! 1 ON
WASHINGTON, July 25.— Q. F. Reln
hardt of San Francisco Is at tho Na
tional. William T. Jordan of San Fran
cisco is at the St. James.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
ICure. j
I The Keeley Treatment is no
delusion. It is as solid as any m
1 medical cure in the world, '
It is no experiment £1
Send for printed matter that tells w\
all about it. ||
THE KEELEY INSTITUTES, Jl
1170 Market Street, San Francisco, rl
232 North Main St , Los Angeles. jH
Fred A. Pollock, Manager. 1-1
LAST CHANCE
FOR THE YUKON
DAWSON CITY.
WATSONVILLE-YUKON TRADING
AND TRANSPORTATION CO,
WILi, DISPATCH NEW STEAMER
ALOHA,
JORGENSEN MASTER
Capacity, 500 Tons,
Balling from SA.; FRANCISCO
SATURDAY, JULY 30, AT 9 A. M,,
Connecting at St. Michael with the new light-
draft river steamer Queen of the Yukon, draw-
ing twenty Inches of water, with double-tan-
dem compound engines. The steamer Aloha Is
lighted throughout with electric lights, and ia
new open to inspection at Mission street wharf.
FIRBT-CLASS PASSAGE TO DAWBON CITY, $175.
FREIGHT, $100 PER TON.
For further Information apply to WATSOX-
VILLE-YI'KON TRADING AND TRANSPOR-
TATION CO., 100 Market street.
Bxbkl. For more than ten years I suffered severely from dyspepsia, and dur-
ing that time consulted many* physicians. First it was the family
doctor in New York, where I then resided, and later I had treat-
ment at the New York Hospital, but obtained no permanent relief.
For over a month I had visited my family physician in Bayonne,
twice in every week, and aa a last resort an appointment had been
made when 1 was tarcjibmit to the process of having the stomach
washed out by the sipnon arrangement, which is found a mode of
treatment more beneficial in its effects than enjoyable in the pro-
cess. About this time, however, I had a conversation with a
friend who wn acquainted with the merits of Ripans Tabules, and
he presented me with a box for trial. Well, I did try them, and
oould feel that they did me good, so I bought more, and in mj*
house nowadays you will always find a supply of Ripans Tabules.
I find them easier to take than powders or liquids, or even than
Bwallowing hot water in the morning. My condition is so much
improved that of late I have had no occasion to resort to them
at all Before I found the Tabules, my bill for attendance and
medicine was rarely less than three dollars a week. The Tabulea
have not only improved my condition, but have been efficacious
in the case of friends to whom I have recommended them.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
-♦-o-»-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-»-o-*-o-*-o-«-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-».
I SCHOOL SHOES |
I 75c ■ I
I Ver y 07 Win °°
I Low /JIX m °
1 Prices.ggs^gsJ Well. ?
I SCHOOL OPENS I
♦ o
0 Next week, and that means shoes for
♦ all the children. Now we make a spec- o
° ialty of school shoes for boys and girls 4
1 and we call the attention of parents *
* to a few prices quoted here, as we take O
9 stock on August 7 and we have greatly ♦
O reduced these shoes. Pebble calf, but- O
4 ton, spring heels, solid soles and tips, t
0 Child's sizes, 8 to 10V4 I 75
1 . Misses' sizes, 11 to 2 ~1 00 o
0 — ♦
Z A> jmm Youths' and O
? SfDC Boys' solid ♦
♦ t . wearing N. K. O
? rf* Ql calf, lace Shoes, t
? I vi. double soles, O
» ff \V square toes, and ♦
° t^^^fc^ 2^ Youths' sires. 11 ♦
♦ l "n'i,l'S i^"- f L> T*il- i ' Boys' sizes," T-l r,
O to 6% «15 4,
° ?
♦ Kid or cloth top rf£ / 4*%f\ n
0 button Shoes, +X& 1 m\J\J
f very dressy; me- 4
1 dium square toes fsrjjjffl r.ftSn °
V and patent leath- Hfl ikSl ♦
o er tips; spring P-S^l XWi °
O Chllds' sizes, 8 C%M^>|w WM ?
♦ to 10% IWf^m. W O
O Misses' sizes, 11 fJC_*~"-*S2«3S^_*'* ]T
♦ to 2 ji " S^SESfiaaa^^^^ °
° — I
0 £S^ 1 HktTh Youths' and "
♦ SOU m\J\J? Boys' B calf lace ♦
O n : *'i Shoes, neat and 2
♦ \r"""7& fisil stylish; coin ' and *
O Is vi i^^l me<^ lum square V
; * ii vL KSOT toes and tips. 0
[ O /| >JV \ / Touths' sizes. 11 4
o P^- i^>i. \f t0 2 -** 1 °° O
? ftfrhT?^**'*'^^. - Boys' sizes, 2^ +
0 wUJlf.mn'lilllfrrt^ to 514 Jl 25 O
1
▼ o
[ O Come around and examine our bar- .4,
i ♦ gain counter. _
I '"x X* . . - \ - .—^ "
T A
i O Country orders solicited. X
I + Send for Illustrated Catalorne. T
2 — *
0 B. KfITCHINSKI, *
♦ PHILADELPHIA SHOE COMPANY, 4
4 10 Third St., Ban Francisco. O
O
-♦- O > O -♦- O -4-O-*- O-*-O-*-O-*-O-*-
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodißlae and specific tonlo
for the sexual and urinary organs of both,
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A gTeat Restorative,
I Invicorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
I Merits' no long-winded testimonials necessary.
I ' NABER. ALFS & BRUME. Agents,
! 823 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
MAKE PERFECT MEN
SDO KOI* DESPAIR ! I'onotSaf
fer Longer! The Joyg and ambitions oi
life can be restored to you. The verj
1 WM^ VB worst eaaeg of ?iervou» l>el>l ljty ar«
1 «S ■»«» absolutely cured by PERFEOTO
aT -ifclt TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in
-^f^M sum nia, falling memory and the wasii
JWt^g^W^r.d drain of vital powers, incurred b;
indifcretions or excesses of early years
'U^Jpn^^ Impart vigor and potency to every func
tion Brace up the system. Give / tfv bloom to thj
cheeks and lustre to' the eyes of Uff\l ou^ or old
OnpSOe box renews vital energy. fWIfJ 6 °.°* c ' a
SU.BO a complete guaranteed cure or mo ler a r ,
funded. Can be carried in vest A **f pocket Soli
everywhere, or mailed In plain wrapper on receipt 0
price by THE PERFECTO CO., Caitoß Bltfg., Chicago, 111
Sold in San Francisco by the Owl Drug Co.
MADE ME A MAN
j^^k AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CUR]
fey "1 A. LL Xervous Dista»*»— Men
»-* * j orT « Impotency, Sleeplessness, etc, cause'
te ,ll by Abase or other Excesses and Indii
> %£££& cretions. They quickly and »urel\
\ UF '*7 restore Lost Vitality in old or yonng. am
>flS^y«>^ fit a man for study, business or marriage
; jß*f^i£%« Prevent Insanity and Consumption 1
1 taken in time. Their use shows immediate improve
inent and effects n CURE where all ether fail In
Bint upon having the genuine Ajax Tablets. The.
have cured thousands and will cure you. We rive a per;
iii- j written gnarantoa to offset a cure CA f^TC i:
each case or refund the money. Price vv wlwipe
package; or six pkges (fall treatment) for 12.50. B;
mail, in plain wrapper, upon receipt of price. Circts!Q!
»-AJAX REMEDY CO., H^r^
For sale In Ban Frandaoo by Letpniti St Co,
IZ6 gutter. No-Percentage Pharmacy, HI Ida
p 'Jin -J> X S -*■•*•* RAR A -* 'V-J*' .. iff-Cli
ft HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper-
I Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores, Dlcera
tHAVE YOU Throat, Pimples, Copper-
Colored Spots, Aches, Old bores. Ulcer*
in Moutli, Hair-Falling! Write COOK REM-
H EDY CO., 213 MASONIC- TEMPLE, CHI-
f CAGO, ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital
X] $500,000. Worst cases cured la li to 36 day*
j 100-page Worst cases cored m ia to 36 clays.
lU>-page book free.
WONG WOO,
P^ CHINESE TEA AND HERI
fe^ 3 SANITARIUM,
«vj, 764-66 CLAY ST., San Fr»nci»M,o»l
WJRjpitWiT All diseases cured «clujilt«
WStSAfle -■»£«* ** by Chinese herb*, over *X
r&rl> . f'W varieties beins used. ADVICi
FREE. Hours, 9:80 to 11 a., m.. 1 to 3 &nd 7 t
9 p. m.GRAIN VESSELS
IN HARD LUCK
Several of the Oregon
Fleet in Collision.
BOILERMAKERS ON A STRIKE
NIGHT SHIFT ON THE STEAMER
CENTENNIAL WALKS OUT.
Demand for Double Wages Met by a
Curt Refusal, So They Packed
Up Their Tools and
Quit.
■ The Oregon grain fleet seems to be hav
ing- a hard time of it. The ship Cypro
mene has arrived at Queenstown leaking.
On May 12 last a rivet started and up to
the time' of reaching port the vessel made
more or less water. The bark Tweeds
dale was damaged in a storm and had to
put into Durban, South Africa. A dls
, patch received by the Exchange yesterday
■■•sayi she has been in collision with the
.German bark Triton. The damage is not
known. The German ship Emile from
Portland lor Antwerp was also in col
* lision and has put into Hamburg. The
extent of her Injuries is not known.
From midnight to 5:45 a. m. yesterday
the only arrivals- were the steamers Az
tec? and Sequoia and the schooner Mon
terey. From that hour up to 4 p. m. there
was not a bail In sight, but ten minutes
later the schooners Sequoia, Western.
Home, Zampa, Eclipse, Amethyst,' Vik
ing and Defiance, bark Aureola and ship
Louis Walsh and two or three others that
could not be made out all showed above
the horizon. The ship Clan Macfarlane
that got in during the night made a very
fast passage of 11*7 days from Liverpool.
Captain Templeton has his bride with
him this voyage, the gallant skipper hav
ing mar;: since he was here last
\rar. OH the River flatte the Macfar-
I'lane was caught in a pampero and lost a.
suit ot 'sails, otherwise me voyage was
uneventful. .
; The Mall Company's steamer Aztec ar
rived from .Hongkong and Yokohama
vesterdiy. She brought over 1757 tons of
freight and only ont-Chinese passenger.
Like all the steamers that have arrived
from Hongkong since the battle of Ma
nila 12ay, the Azt.ec brings over a number
of trophies of the light. The purser is
the pnjud possessor of an unexploded
shell that was dug out of the ruins of
'.Cavite and also ot a number of tattered
Hags. Almost a wagon load of unex
ploded shells have been brought from Ma
nila since .May last, and as they are all
vouched for as having been red by the
■American Ileet the inference Is that Uncle
gam's ships must have carried some
'mighty •or ammunition or else some
boily must have been gulling the relic
hunters. ■-'- ■•;, '
Captain McMurtry of the fine new
.steamer H. J. Corcoran is about to for
sake, -the sea for a short time and turn
his attention to -gold mining. He has
just, cleaned up $30,000 on a little mining
deal in Tulare County and now intends
developing some fine properties he owns
•In Fresno and Calaveras Counties. Cap
tain McMurtry found out yesterday,
much, to his disgust, that had he and his
partners he!d on to the Tulare property
another, week they would have doubled
their money. Captain McMurtry resigns
his command of the Corcoran on Aug
ust L
Owing to a break down on the new
river steamer H. J. Corcoran last Satur
day there were a number of disappointed
people in both San Francisco and Stock
ton. The steamer's cylinder head was
damaged during the run up the river,
and it will be a couple of days before
she is on the run again. When the T. C.
•Walker reached Stockton on Sunday
morning it was decided to take the City
of Stockton out of retirement and put her
on the Corcoran's run for that evening,
In consequence F. Daggatt. the able chief
steward of the Walker, had his hands
full. He got his men aboard the Stock
ton, cleaned her up thoroughly, fur
nished up all the rooms, got the 'kitchen
D working order and had a first-class
meal ready and everything in apple pie
>rder when the steamer left her dock for
San Francisco at 6 p. m.
The new steamer Aloha has been
placed on the berth for St. Michael. She
has first-class accommodation for about
=eventy passengers. As she is to tow up
Lhe new river steamer Queen of che i
Yukon, those who go up on the Aloha
nay be reasonably certain of reaching
:he gold fields without delay.
There was a small strike aboard the
steamer Centennial yesterday. The ves
sel la having new plates put under her
oollers and the work goes on night and
Say. The boilermakers and the night
shift demanded double pay, and when it i
was refused them they walked out. The ■
Risdon Iron Works has the contract and '
H. Tabrett, the marine superintendent
says he had no difficulty in rilling the
strikers' places.
A letter box which Postmaster Mon
tague has caused to be placed at Peter
son's boat house Is proving a great ac- I
rommodation to the shipping community
All the revenue cutters and men-of-war
lie off Folsom street, and heretofore the
sailors had to take their chances of get
ting some one who was bound up-town <
to mail their letters at the ferry deoot
Now every boat that comes to the Fol
?om-street landing brings one or more
letters to mail. Merchant vessels are
also much accommodated by it and it
will prove a godsend on the sailing day
Df the transports, as nearly every one
of the soldiers sends a farewell letter
ashore to be mailed.
The gunboat Iroquois came down from
Mare Island yesterday. She is to tow '
the ship Tacoma to Manila and will be
pot ready in the stream.
VALENTINE WISHES
TO DISCUSS MATTERS
DOES NOT WANT WELLS-FARGO
SUED FOR WAR TAXES.
Will Urge the Merchants' Association
Not to Begin Action Against
the Transportation
Company.
From appearances It is safe to conclude
that J. J. Valentine, president of Weils,
Fargo & Co., has decided not to commit
if for his organisation In writing
in the matter of evading: the payment of
war taxes. A few days ago the directors
af the Merchants' Association came to
the conclusion that Wells-Fargo's Ex
press Company Is doing a high-handed
of business in charging its pat
rons with thf- 1-cent war tax, which the
law says shall be paid by common car
riers whf-n the latter give receipts and
furnish bills of lading. No sooner did the
directors rf-arh this conclusion than they
mmunlcatlon to the United
District Attorney, notifying him
that xhv law Is being violated ajid de
manding of him that he prosecute the of
ra. There was nothing for the Fed
eral official to do but to comply with the
aerrands of tho merchants, and after con
ferring with the officer* of the associa
tion as to the br-st mode of procedure
plans to the desired end were adopted.
These decided and speedy actions on the
part of the officials and merchants cvi
■■ Induced Mr. Valentine to bestir
himsf.-lf. for on Saturday afternoon he
;alled upon the officers of the association
md asked that no civil or other proceed
ngs be begun until he could draw up and
present to that body a communication.
While willing to do all possible to ac
commodate the president of the express
company the work of getting the cases
n shape was continued. Yesterday the
officers of the association were informed
ay Mr. Valentine Ah at he did not. desire
:o write what he could tell In much less
:ime and with much less trouble What
le wants now is the privilege of address
ng the directors of the association at an
?arly date. The merchants considered the
request and came to the conclusion that
It would do no harm If it does no good j
to allow the gentleman to say what he i
dexlros.
The line of argument that ho has prom- I
leed to present is to induce the merchants !
not to begin any action against the com- <
pany for violating the laws. In support
of this request he declares that it would
not bo worth while for the merchants of
this city to put the company to trouble
and expense when the same questions
are now before the courts in several of
the Eastern cities and that the decisions !
in those cases can be made to apply to
the local situation. The decision of tha
directors of the association to grant Mr.
Valentine an audience will In no ;
way affect the work in the actions to j
be taken. Meanwhile the association is i
preparing the evidence in several cases j
now on hand on the lines advised by the
District Attorney. Mr. Valentine will
meet the directors of the association to- i
morrow morning.
METHODIST MEETING.
Sabbath Collection and the Anti-
Saloon League Discussed.
Rev. E. E. Dodge spoke before the
Methodist Ministers yesterday morning on
"Sabbath Collections." He said: "The
placing of the general Sabbath collection
before the sermon has been imposed upon
us by the General Conference. In more
than three-fourths of the Methodist
churches outside our large cities the en
tire average income, only excepting spas
modic effort at the close of the year, is
taken on the Sabbath in loose plates, in
envelopes, or in both combined. I think
the average Is increased by one-fourth or
one-third If it Is taken directly at the
close of the sermon and a short prayer. If
before the sermon, over many the spirit of
worship has not yet grained control, while
if the sermon has been spiritual and has
lifted them to a little higher plane of de
votion and sacrifice, as all true preaching
does, even not directly on the Bubject,
they will be far more ready to give liber
ally than at the beginning. I have never
tested it that I did not find the result as
here stated."
Rev. E. S. Chapman addressed the Pres
byterian weekly meeting on the peculiari
ties of the Anti-Saloon League. "Never
was the hand of God more manifest than
in this movement against saloons." said
he. "Nothing so interferes with our work
as the liquor trade. The saloon man
drags down and wrecks what we build up.
The rum power can not paralyze the.
church work with the Holy Ghost in it.
but if you remain indifferent in regard to
It your efforts along church lines are par
alyzed.
"One of the peculiarities of the Anti-
Saloon League is to right the attitude of
the Government. In adopting it we make
no political pledges nor are we pledged to
affiliate with political parties. The Gov
ernment's relation is the worst feature of
the liquor traffic; any drunkenness ia
bad enough. Those who lead others to
drink are as bad. but the worst still ia
that it is done under the protection of the
Government." ... _
Rev. J. B. Dickson addressed the Con
gregationalists on "Should Christianity
Bean Ecclesiastical Unit"" He was lis
tened to with great interest, and his pa
per was discussed at length.
FREAKS OF THE STAMP TAX
It Will Cost Two Cents to Give Away
One on a Bottle of Whisky.
The manufacturer of a brand of whisky
which is specially advertised for its me
dicinal qualities recently sent a bottle of
SUSPECT LOCHNER AND OTHER WITNESSES IN THE
MURDER MYSTERY.
his product to Washington to find out if it
required a stamp. The stamp is required
on all such products when advertised me
dicinally, and the proprietor was bo in
formed." In the wrappings was found a
promissory note which Is packed with
each bottle promising to pay the bearer,
on demand, one cent. This was not.-: by
the eagle-eyed commissioner, and he also
i-strueted the manufacturer of the medic
inal whisky that he must place a two-cent
documentary stamp on each promissory
There are several other mannf ac
re of bitters and whiskies who have
been packing these notes with each bottle,
and the law will apply to all of them. In
the future they will be obliged to pay two
cents for the privilege of giving away one.
OPERATING A BANKING GAME
The Cases of W. D. Valentine and
M. K. Burke Continued Till
To-Day.
W. D. Valentine, charged with conduct
ing a banking game at 19 and 21 Ellis
street, surrendered himself at the City
Prison yesterday morning and was re
leased on his own recognizance by Judge
Conlan.
The case was put on the calendar of the
Judge's court along with that of M. R.
Burke arrested Saturday for the same
offense, and when they were called the
prosecution asked for a continuance till
to-day, hut the. Judge insisted upon the
cases going on. It was argued by attor
ney Cook for the defendants that Valen
tine had been convicted for a similar of
fense recently and on appeal Judge Cook
did not sustain the Judgment of the lower
court.
Finaiiy It was agreed to continue the
cases till to-day at tho request of Assist
ant District Attorney Dunne, who was
called into the prosecution.
AGAINST THE
NEW WOMAN
Rev. Mr, Dodge Saus That
Just the Plain Woman
Has a Mission Far Above
the Platform or the Field,
the Store or the Legisla
ture.
In his talk before the Methodist
ministers yesterday morning on
"New Methods in the Polity and
Customs of Methodism" Rev. E. E.
Dodge touched on one subject In
particular that aroused his disap
proval. That was the representa
tion of women in church councils.
He said: "If we can put off any
real decision of the matter past one
more general conference it will de
cide itself. The whole new woman
movement, of which it Is but apart,
has long passed its highest wave of
influence or power.
"Any foolish but not wicked no
tion is always killed the most easi
ly and surely by giving it plenty of
rope. The whole movement is rap
idly approaching innocuous desue
tude. The highest womanhood is
coming to realize a God ordained
mission far above platform or the
field, the store or the Legislature,
In which mission she, next to the
Almighty, rules the world."
THE SAIST FBAJNTCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, JULY 26, 1893.
NO LIGHT ON
THE MYSTERY
Nothing New Told in the
Carpenter Case.
LOCHNER ON THE STAND
HE HAS PREPARED HIMSELF
FOR CROSS-EXAMINATION.
Lizzie Riley and Prieur Retell Their
Stories — The Inquest Will Be
Continued This
Morning.
The Inquest in the Carpenter murder
case began yesterday morning in the
Coroner's office. The session lasted three
hours, at the end of which time Coroner
Hawkins declared an adjournment until
this morning. All the important witnesses
in the case were examined, but nothing to
establish the identity of the murderer
was elicited, nor was there any testimony
to connect Joe Lochner with the crime.
The witnesses were a cosmopolitan lot
and their testimony was given in con
glomerate dialects. A Japanese, a colored
woman, two Frenchmen, a Spanish
woman, two Irish policemen and a Ger
man (Lnohner), were on the stand. Al
phonse Prieur. the night clerk at the
Hubbard House, told his story in broken
French-English, and became greatly con
fused -when the Coroner questioned him. '
( Lorhner enjoyed the discomfiture of
Prieur and Biniled broadly at his errors.
A motley crowd filled the Coroner's of
id listened with rapt attention and
evident relish to the vile testimony Intro
duced to show the depravity of Joe
• Lochner. Captain Seymour was there, of
• , to prompt the Coroner when lie
oked anything.
i Mrs. J. Q. Anderson, mother of Sadie
Carpenter, dressed in deep mourning, ar
' rived before the crowd. She was greatly
! agitated and with difficulty controlled her
She listened to a portion of the
: testimony and then went to an adjoining
i room, and remained until she was i
S to the witness stand to establish the iden
tity of the deceased.
] >r. John Gallagher, the autopsy sur- i
| geon, was tho first witness called. He
read from notes tak^n when he performed
the post mortem and explained in detail
to the Jury as he proceeded. He said:
I made Internal and external examinations
Of the body "f Mrs. Sa>li^ i 'arpenlt-r. which
are very important. In the first place the l. tdy
was that of a poorly developed, poorly iiour-
Ished woman, weighing about 105 pounds. I
flrßt maci>- an external examination ol the head,
and found nothing out of the ordinary, except
minute hemorrhages, which gave the skin a
■ and salt appearance on the foreheai.
This condition also existed inside the eyelids
and on the eyeballs. In the rlcht eye I found
a ft"'- of blood which had come out of the right
nostril, which shows that the hpad must have
been tilted veiy far back. The right nostril
was filled with blood and the mouth firmly
closed. <>n thf- right lateral surface of the
neck. Just at the hair line, below and behind
the ear I found a bloody mark one Inch square.
That wafi the only marl; on that side. On t lie
angle of the Jaw. right Fide, there was a blaelc
and blue mane about the size of a dlmSl one
ri^ht below it and another nearer the point
of the jaw. There were no marks on the leit
side of the neck. <»n the front of the i> • ■k,
just Opposite the "apple" there were two plight
abrasions, and around the neck a faint tracing,
or Btreak. The veins of the body were dls
tendpd with blood. Thrr*- were no visible
marks on the flesh. On the right knee there
was a triangular abrasion one Inch long by
one-half Inch wide. There was also a bruise
on the back of the left .shoulder. By the In
ternal examination I found the tissues of the
scalp filled with dark blood; the brain con
gested and the lungs distended and bulging
out. Hemorrhages were ulso found on the sur
face of the lungs. The heart was normal.
The pharynx and larynx were filled with
bloody mucus, and the middle cartilage of the
larynx was frnctured on both sides and Oiled
with blood. The Inside of the larynx was «lUd
with blood down to the continuation of the
trachea. Blood extravasations were found In
the lungs, which were deeply congested. All
other organs were normal.
In reply to a Question as to the cause
of death the doctor gave his opinion that
"death was the result of asphyxiation,
due to strangulation."
Coroner Hawkins handed Dr. Gallagher
the rag which was found around tho
dead woman's throat and asked him if it
could have been tied in any manner to
product- the strangulation referred to
Tho doctor answered In the negative.
Lizzie Riley, "Spanish Lizzie," all
dressed up for the occasion, took the
stand next. She told of being awakened
by a noise which seemed" 1 to come from
Sadie's room. She heard a door slam
and retreating footsteps. becoming
alarmed, she went out and called the
night watchman. Ho did not respond and
sh<- called again. She told him there was
trouble In one of the rooms, she thought
in No. 10. and asked him to knock on
Mrs. Carpenter's door. He demurred and
she told him to waken Lochner. He
rapped twice on the latter's door before
receiving a reply. Lochner came out in
the hall, the night clerk unlocked the
door and the two men entered room 10.
She heard one of them say, "She is
dea." After the gas was lighted she
looked In nnd saw Sadie's face on the
pillow. Thon she went Into her own
room. She swore that she did not say
anything to Lochner or Prieur about
hearing a noise like some one being
choked or strangled.
(Incidentally it might he remarked that
the police have not yet learned the name
of the party who was with the Riley
woman the night of the murder.)
Alphonse Prieur, the night clerk, fol
lowed Lizzie, and corroborated her testl- '
mony as to the incidents In the hall be
fore he unlocked the door. He opened
the door and entered the room ahead of
Lochner. Ho went to the gas fixture In
the center of the room and struck a
match. Lochner had stepped behind
him and gone directly to the bed. When
the light was turned on he saw Lochner
untying the cloth around Sadie's nec«.
Lochner remarked, "Oh. xny, I think
she is dead." Prieur went for an officer,
leaving Joe alone in the room. "When he
returned the door was locked and Loch
ner was not there. The police came and
the body was taken away.
Charles Raulet, proprietor of the Hub
bard House, testified that he was in the
halls of the building between 12:45 and 1:20
the night of the murder, and went to the
passageway leading to Lochner's room
Just before leaving to see if t)\e latter was
burning the gas. He swore that there
was no light in Lizzie Rlley's, Sadie's or
Lochner's room. He did not see any one
in the halls and heard no noise of any
kind.
George Yoshida, the Japanese who
makes the beds in the house, testified that
the door between Sadie's and Lochner's
rooms was usually locked with the curling
irons, although on one or two occasions
he had been in her room when Joe's door
was open.
Special Officer Gllioy told of being called
by the night clerk and going to the room.
He ascertained that the woman was dead
and th^n turned the case over to Police
man Tuite.
Deputy Coroner Tyrrell s testimony con
flicted "with Lochner's statement re
garding the position of the rag. Tyrrell
Baya the rag was rolled up under the wo
man's neck, and that he did not think it
had been tied around her throat.
Dennis Linlhan. who was reported by
one of the detectives on the case as the
man who wore squeaky shoes and went
down the stairs at 1:20 Sunday morning,
swore that it was 3 o'clock when he went
to work. He was called at 1, but over-
Coroner Hawkins informed him that he
was not bound to answer any questions
unless he felt disposed to do so, and then
told Lochner, the suspect, to take his
time and tell all he knew about Sadie
Carpenter and her death.
Lochner talked very slowly and care
fully and seemed to be well prepared for
an ordeal. He hesitated between words,
but his manner showed he had read all
the papers had said about him and had
prepared his tale. He is not a fool by
any means, and the "sweating" to which
he* has been suhiected by the police has
given him good practice in turning points
to lils own advantage. He did not devi
ate from his last statement to Captain
Seymour, made last Friday, and he agnjn
declared he saw the rag around Sadie's
neck by the reflected light from across |
the street. Loehner illustrated to the ]
jury the manner in which the cloth was j
knotted and how he untied it.
Lochner again declared that Lizzie
Rlley said something about choking as
j he and Prleur entered the room. He gave
thai as his reason for going so quickly
to the bed. After he saw Sadie was dead
he kissed her three times, "once for my
self and once for each of her children."
When Prleur went out for the officer he
rushed to his room and partially dressed
himself. Then he went to the Bellevue j
saloon and told the bartender Sadie had
I been found dead in her room. He re
turned and found the officers in the room.
'I he body was taken away and he was
taken to the City Prison.
At this point Coroner Hawkins de
clared a recess until this morning at 9.
It has been impossible for the police to
ascertain definitely the condition of the
bed when Lochner entered the room. He
says he did not disturb the covering. He
put his hand beneath the counterpane
and felt her heart. When Special GUfoy
arrived he found the body covered up to
the neck. He disturbed the covering.
When the Deputy Coroner arrived he
found the. bo<ly partially uncovered.
Lochner has told conflicting stories on
this point. Coroner Hawkins hopes to
unravel this tangle to-day. Lochner is
to be rigidly cross-examined at to-day's
lon.
Mrs. Anderson still believes in Loch
ner's innocence.. When the recess was
declared Lochner jumped up and hur
ried over to where she was sitting. She
greeted him warmly and they talked to
gether for several minutes. Later, with
a mutual friend, she called on Lochner
at tne prison nnd remained in conversa
tion with him for more than half an hour.
Unless something startling is developed
to-day Lochner will undoubtedly be re
leased by the police.
WARNING TO KLOFDIKERS.
The Treasury Department Calls At
tention to Unscrupulous Trans
portation Companies.
A warning has been sent out by the
Treasury Department to all person who
contemplate going to the gold regions In
Alaska and the Northwest Territory to
beware of fraudulent transportation com
panies.
Three cases have been brought to the
attention of the department where per
sons were induced to sign contracts with
some of the companies. The contracts
were cleverly worded and promised not
only to bring the gold seekers into the
land of promise, but also to furnish them
with the necessary equipments and sup
plies. In many cases a list of bankers
and business men, who were located as
a rule in Europe or Mexico, is appended
to the prospectus as references.
Instead of taking the promised care of
the Argonauts the wily employes of the
transportation companies have carried
them up to Vancouver or some other
northern port and there abandoned them
As a rule the price charged for transpor
tation and all other accommodations has
been $500. As it costs, as a rule, some
thing less than $50 to carry passengers to
these points the unscrupulous "com
panies" have been making largo profits
out of their enterprise.
The Free Trade Sold.
The schooner Free Trade was sold by
auction in front of the Merchants' Ex
change yesterday by order of the Dis
trict Court to satisfy libels against her
She was purchased by J. C. Hansen for
$356. The sale of the Tiger was postponed
until Thursday.
Ladles' tailor-made suits; latest designs; w»
five credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Butter, r. S& 1.
CAR TRACKS
TO BE REMOVED
Horse-Car Rails Ordered
Off Market Street.
BRITT ASKED FOR MORE TIME
BESOLTJTION TO BEMOVE OVER
HEAD WIBES DEFEATED.
Preparing- to Extend the Police and
Fire Alarm Telegraph System
to Other Districts of
the City.
The Board of Supervisors declared yes
terday afternoon against the further
maintenance of horse car rails on Mar
ket street, between Second and Sixth.
The Superintendent of Streets was au
thorized to remove them after August
6 if the Market-street Railway Company
refused to do so. That portion of Market
street is now being prepared for bitumin
ous pavement and the Supervisors decid
ed that the work of tearing up the rails
should be commenced without unneces
sary delay, inasmuch as the claim has
been made that the company no longer
has the right to maintain or use the
tracks on which the horse cars are be
ing operated.
After the transaction of the regular
routine business Secretary Dodge Intro
duced the following resolution and asked
its passage:
Resolution No. (Fourth Series.)
Whereas. It is advisable and for the put lie
interest and convenience that Market street
from Second to Sixth street should be paved
with bituminous rock on a concrete founda
tion; and whereas, contracts were awarded to
pave a portion of said Market street frim
Second street to Sixth street, on the presump
tion that the different companies operated
tracks on said street and had the ripht to con
struct, maintain or operate two double tracks
under the several anil separate franchises
granted; and whereas, the Market-street Rail
way Company on October 14. ]V<3, by virtue of
the consolidation of the several street railroads,
is the successor in interest of all the rights,
privileges and franchises granted on Market
street and has the exclusive management of
said street railroads: and whereas, the Market
street Railroad Company, under the provisions
fo section 499 of the Civil Code has no power
or authority to maintain or use in any manner
or for any purpose the respective tracks now
laid and operated by horseears on the north
westerly and southeasterly portions of the
roadway of said Market street; therefore
Resolved, That the Clerk is hereby directed
to advertise for proposals to pave that portion
of the width of the roadway of Market street
from Second street to Sixth street from
a point seventeen and one-half U7 I *.) feet
from the curb lines on the northwesterly line
of Mnrket street to a point within two (2) feet
of the track of the Market-street Railway Com
pany on which cable-cars are operated; also
from a point seventeen and one-half (lTVs* feet
from the curb line on the southeasterly line of
Market street to a point within two feet of
the track of the Market-street Railway Com
pany on which cars are operated: therefore
Ri lived, That the Market-otret Railway
Company be and is hereby required to r
fmm Market street the outside tracks of
street railroad now operated by horse cars
under its management as being maintained
on said street without warrant or authority of
law on Or before the fith day of August, 1898,
and the Superintendent of Public Streets Is
hereby charged with the duty and is hereby
required to remove all rails and other obstruc
tions on *;ii'l street on and after the 6th day
of Auguet, 1898, so that the public may have
an uninterrupted use of that portion of Market
street.
Resolved, That the Superintendent of Public j
Streets is hereby required to prepare speciflca- \
tions for pavint? that portion of Market street '
from Second street to Sixth street, excepting i
such portions of sAid street as have her> -
been exempted, where other noiseless pave
ments have been laid between the points
named.
Supervisor Britt said that he would
have to vote against the resolution, in
asmuch as the hoard had requested City
and County Attorney CresweU to render
an opinion on the question of the power
of its members to direct the removal of
the rails. "We should out of courtesy to
Attorney Creswell wait until he has
given us his legal opinion," concluded
Britt.
"I am not desirous of showing any dis
courtesy to Mr. Creswell." said Super
visor Dodge, "for I hold him in the high
est esteem. I believe, however, that we
should act at once. He was requested
to give us his opinion several weeks ago
and we have not yet heard from him.
If the rails are to he removed the work
should he done before the street is bi
tuminized."
Britt then moved that the resolution he
laid over for one week in order that At
torney CresweU be allowed time to file
an opinion.
"The City and County Attorney intim
ated to me to-day, said Mayor Phelan,
"that the company had no legal right to
maintain the horse car rails. He said he
was still looking up the law, but hatl not
been able to give the question all the time
it required, inasmuch as he had many
pressing duties to attend to as a member
of the Board of Election Commissioners."
"I have been informed by two of the best
read attorneys on municipal matters,"
said Supervisor Dodge, "that the railroad
company has no longer any right to main
tain the objectionable rails and operate
horse cars on them."
"I would prefer to wait until we hear
from the City and County Attorney," said
Britt. "If we have the right to order the
rails removed, no harm can come from
waiting another week. If we have the
right to order them removed by the St,-€et
Superintendent, I am in favor of exercis
ing ihat right, but I don't want to be too
hasty in the matter."
Britt's motion for a postponement was
not seconded, and the resolution was
passed.
In this connection. It is proper to state
that Street Superintendent Ambrose sent
a communication yesterday to Superin
tendent Vining of the Market Street c'nin
pany, directing him to remove the horse
car rails and also do the necessary re
pairing and bituminizing of that parr of
M.'irket street between Second and Sixth
streets, over which the company opera n-s
the cable road. The franchise gTanted the
company, requires the corporation to keep
the street in repair between the rails and
two feet outside the outer rails.
Supervisor Dodge next attempted to
start the crusade against overhead wires,
but failed. He Introduced a resolution or
dering the Western Union Telegraph,
Electric Light and the Telephone Com
pany, to remove their overhead wires on
Market street between Second and Sixth
streets, and place them underground.
"We should commence at once on the
work of causing the removal of these
overhead wires," said Dodge, "and the
time for starting is opportune. Now that
Market street between Second and Sixth
is being repaired we should see that the
wires are put under ground before the bi
tumen is laid."
Britt and Devany were of the opinion
that all the wires should be placed under
the sidewalks instead of in tae street.
Rivers and Morton remained silent, but
when it came to a vote they sided with
Britt and Devany and the resolution was
lost.
The finance committee was directed to
provide in the next tax levy for a new
central office for the Fire Alarm and Po
lice Telegraph Company and for 150 new
police and tire signal boxes.
Bids were received for the furnishing of
150 boxes and the apparatus for five sta
tions. The Gamewell Electric Municipal
Company made a bid of $35,000 and the
Municipal Signal Company of Boston one
of $38,000. The necessary certified check
accompanied the bid of the latter com
A Philippine Heroine.
One of the Philippine insurgent leaders Is a
beautiful woman whose life seems to be
charmed. She has often rushed bravely Into
the very teeth of death from guns and cannon,
but has never been wounded. Frequently we
see people in this country who live so long that
their lives seem charmed also, but the only
charm about it is that they keep up their
strength and vitalize their blood with that cele
brated remedy. Hostetter'a Stomach Bitters.
&®m§s£KMfiifi^^HiWNV&^M'HB9rtl
pany, but there was none with the lowest
bid. Inasmuch as a certified check is re
quired with all olds it is probable that the
sub-committee will reject both bids and
readvertlse.
The City Engineer was directed to pre
pare a diagram of the property that will
be benefited by the grading of Seven
teenth street, between Uranus and Ash
bury streets, in order that the necessary
assessments may be levied. He was also
directed to fix the official grades of Pre
cita avenue and the other streets on Ber
nal Heights.
A resolution bearing on the granting of
licenses for boxing exhibitions was laid
over until after vacation.
The bid of J. H. Bingham to keep the
bituminized streets in repair for $30,000 a
year was rejected. When the bids were
opened several weeks ago it was found
that Bingham was from $15,000 to $20,000
lower than any other bidder. When ques
tioned yesterday he said that he would
live up to the specifications. It was then
discovered thjat the specifications had
been faultily drawn. The Supervisors in
tended that in aadition to repairing, the
contractor was to do all necessary repay
ing of such strets as have been heretofore
bituminized and are now beyond repair.
The other bidders Included repavlng in
their bids.
A proposal for new bids for the work
will be prepared before the next meeting.
A petition from the Typographical
Union, asking for the use of the assembly
chambers next month when the State
Union meets, was referred to the building
committee.
Supervisor Smith introduced a resolu
tion making it a misdemeanor for junk or
second-hand dealers to buy lead pipe,
boilers, gas or electric fixtures, etc., from
any but licensed peddlers and licensed
plumbers. He said that if the resolution
passed it would go a long way towards
stopping the looting of unoccupied houses.
The resolution was referred to the health
and police committee.
A resolution authorizing the employ
ment of Charles Gildea at a salary of $175
a month, to prepare data from vie assess
ment roll to be used before the State
Board of Equalization, was Introduced.
Action on It was deferred until the next
meeting.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the Week's Work of the
Board.
The following is a complete record of
the street improvements passed by the
Board of Supervisors at yesterday's ses
sion:
AWARDS OF CONTRACTS.
Market. Sanchez to Noe — Artificial stone side
walks to J. .T. fowling.
AWARD OF CONTRACT RECONSIDERED.
De Haro. Twenty-third to a point 466 feet
northerly from Twenty-third— Sewering.
RESOLUTION OF RELEASE OF CONTRACT.
Grant avenue and Bush— Williams, Beleer &
Co., for paving.
RE» kLUTION ORDERING STREET WORK.
Payne, Baker to Lyon— Curbs and paving.
Easterly line of Isls, eighty feet northerly
from Thirteenth, thence southerly along said
easterly line of Isls for a distance of 80 feet-
Sidewalks. • .. : f
From northeasterly corner of Thirteenth ana
Isis, easterly along northerly line of Thirteenth
for a distance of 60 feet— Same.
Dearborn place. Seventeenth street to south
erly termination of Dearborn place — Curbing
and paving.
Fourteenth, Church to Sanchez— Same.
From southwesterly line .f First, distant 75
feet southwesterly from Tehama. thence south
easterly along said southwesterly line of First
for a distance of SO feet— Sidewalks.
From northwesterly line of Clementina, dis
tant 150 feet southwesterly from First, thence
southwesterly along northwesterly line of Clem
entina for a distance of 150 feet— Sidewalks.
Commencing at a point on the northeasterly
line of New Montgomery street, SO feet south
easterly from Mission, and thence southeast
erly along said northeasterly line of New Mont
gomery for a distance of SO feet — Sidewalks.
Bryant, Twenty-fifth to Twenty-sixth—Curb
ing and paving.
Bonlta, Polk to.westerly termination of form
er—Curbing, paving, culverts, etc.
Mission and Canal— Artificial stone culvert.
RECOMMENDED PASSED TO RESOLUTION
ORDERING.
Page, commencing at a point on the southerly
line of same, distant 137:6 feet westerly from,
Broderick, thence westerly along said southerly
line of Page for a distance of 137:6 feet —
ing.
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION.
Tenth avenue, L to M— Grading, curbing,
sidewalks and paving.
RECOMMENDED BY SUPERINTENDENT
OF STREETS.
Bryant, northeasterly line of Stanley place
and the northeasterly line of Rlncon place —
Ug and curbing.
Mississippi. Nineteenth to Twentieth— Curb-
Ing ami paving.
RESOLUTION OF PULL ACCEPTANCE.
Franklin. Kills to "' Farrell— Bitumen.
RECOMMENDED FOB FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Harrison and Fremont— Bitumen.
Haight, Ashbury to Clayton— Same.
ht. Clayton to Cole— Same,
Haight, Cole to Shrader— Same.
PROPOSALS ORDERED READVERTISED.
Grant avenue and Bush— Paving.
PRIVATE CONTRACTS.
Jessie. Hermann southerly- -Property owners
may construct sewers.
Fifteenth, San Bruno avenue to Vermont —
Same.
RESOLUTION ABATING A NUISANCE.
Twenty-fourth and San Jose avenue — Un
healthy condition of catch basin and culvert.
Seventeenth, 150 feet east of Stanyan and 100
feet west of Ashbury— For the removal of
fences.
OMISSION OF FURTHER PROCEEDINGS IN
STREET WORK.
Mississippi, Nineteenth to Twentieth — For
laying curbs, gutterway3 and paving.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME GRANTED.
Twenty-sixth and York— To Fllnn & Treacy,
sixty daya on grading, sewering, etc.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME RECOMMENDED.
Market, northeasterly line of Second to south
westerly line of Fifth — To City Street Improve
ment Company, sixty days on paving.
Haight and Shrader — Same.
Haight and Cole — Same.
Haight an^l Clayton— Same.
Haight and Ashbury— Same.
Fourteenth. Guerrero to Dolores — Same.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Montgomery, Green to Union — Property
owners for grading.
I. First to Seventh avenues— Same for paving
and grading.
Fulton street and the Great Highway — Emma
S. Merritt for removal of obstructions.
Burrltt. southerly, Stockton to Powell — Prop
erty-owners for paving.
Twenty-third, Rhode Island to De Haro—
Patrick Rellly for construction of sewer.
Leavenworth. Bay to Chestnut—Property
owners for change of grade.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ft ££
1 ARE YOU A WEAK MAN? I
Ct '**
W ' ' ' Z '■ : ft
5= * sa=:= s&-» Ape You s
a thaf^^^^^f^%. Weak Woman? a
a / '^^^^^^^v \ Nerves Tremble? a
a I /ililiif^ % il Does Your »
» I i^^^^ J/ I Back Ache ? |
» V^iwi) & n° YOu FEEL any OF THE °
a ißf^ 1 >v *^ a effects of past neglect of th 9 a
# ■^t ; )i>^\ L \\)y ' aws °^ ea ' tn '' > The thoughtless- a
a \V'^ > '*^y ! S^S^S^. /J ness of boyhood and the ignorance
B I< \-J.>^^^» .-—^il^Wr °^ gi''" 1000 ' rum thousands of lives. *~
a i^^'?S^r ::: -a^S^ They take away nature's vitality, 5;
which is the groundwork of health. o
ft Perfect manhood depends upon it True and lovely womanhood is ft
& impossible without it. #
a Electricity has done much for us. It is a natural invigorant No ft
a better way of using it can be found than D r Sanden's Electric Belt. Its ft
a strengthening effects are given gently. Men grow stronger day by day, a
g and weak women regain the flush of health from it 8
q Your Belt has helped me wonderfully. It has strengthened me and made a man of a
% me. I have been Improving and gaining weight ever since I started to wear the Belt, w
ft I weighed 139 pounds last summer, and this summer I weigh 159 pounds, . gaining **
twenty pounds, and feel better than I have for years. My wife wore the Belt 'also, ft
W and It has helped her greatly: she Is feeling better now than she has for the last
w three or four years. I would not be without the Belt for anything in. the world, &
*"* and will always speak of the good we have received from it. Yours very gratefully, w
ft Igerna. Cal.. July 12, 1898. MR. F. E. 'WOOLSEY.; *•*
ft Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is a grand remedy. Its power is felt in- a
a stantly. The blood jumps with life from it A valuable book for either sex
a will be sent free upon request. Consultation free and invited. Call or address
1 DR. A. T. SANDEN, • KOT .h drug stores. * I
** 702 Market Street, Corner Keirny. S&n TmncisM. . _
a Office hours, BAM. to 8 P.M.: Sundays, . Dr - Sanden's Electric Belt ' «
« 10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 204V4 1s never sold In drug stores .ft
X« South Broadway; Portland, Or.. 253 Washing- n or by* traveling agents; only
ft ton street: Denver. Col.. 931 Sixteenth street: at our office. a
Dallas. Tex.. 285 Main street. *■ * w
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaafta.-.
Francisco. Jones to Hyde —
Kearny, Green to — Property-owners for
paving:.
Kearny. Vallejo to Green — Same.
Nineteenth avenue, H to southerly boundary
of. Pueblo Property-owners for grading
and paving.
Clayton. Waller to Frederick—Property
owners to compel the San Mateo Electric Rail
way Company to pave.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Southerly line of Ford, Sanchez to Noe — Prop
erty-owners against sidewalks.
Third and Townsend to the county line—
Property-owners against the construction of a
double railroad track.
Greenwich and Gough — Property-owners
against paving the crossing.
Greenwich, Gough to — Property
owners against paving.
Third avenue. Point Lobos to Clement—Prop
erty-owners against sidewalks.
Broderick. Washington to Jackson— J. Boas
against paving.
Greenwich and Gough— James T. Boyd against
paving.
Greenwich, Buchanan to Webster— Sama.
Greenwich, Gough to Octavla— Same.
Greenwich and Buchanan — Same.
Filbert. Octavia to Property-owner*
against paving.
Filbert and Laguna— Same.
RETORT OF STREET COMMITTEE ON
MATTERS SUBMITTED AT PREVIOUS
SESSION.
Tehama. west of Third— ln favor of granting
George Gumming; permission to retain side
walks.
Sixteenth, Ashbury terrace to Upper terrace —
In favor of referring grading to City Engineer.
Seventeenth, 150 feet east of Stanyan and 100
feet west of Ashbury— ln favor of the removal
of fences.
Fifteenth, San Bruno avenue to Vermont—
favor of constructing pipe sewer by private
contract.
Jessie, Herman street southerly — Same.
Twelfth and Stevenson — In favor of construc
tion of sewer.
Greenwich and Franklin — grading.
Greenwich and Buchanan — Against paving.
Greenwich and Gough— Same.
Broderick and Greenwich— Same.
Greenwich, Broderick to Devlsadero —
Greenwich and Devisadero — Sams. .
Greenwich and Laguna — Same. ,
Grant avenue and Bush — In favor of releas
ing Williams, Belser & Co. from tbelr coa
tract to pave.
Sixth, Bryant to Brannan— ln favor of re
construction of plank sidewalks.
Twenty-sixth and York— favor of extend
ing time on contract to grade. .
2730 Pine street— ln favor of artldbtal stone
sidewalk.
Twenty-fourth and San Jose avenue — In favor
of abating nuisance. . •
Post, Hyde to Leavenworth ln favor of re
pairing with bituminous rock the entire road
way.
Scott, Oak to Baker— ln favor of repalrinj
entire street.
Third avenue, Pnint Lcbos to Clement—
Against plank sidewalks.
Other petitions and protests reported on ad
versely and filed.
SIEGE OF PABI3.
An Interesting Lecture by the Very
Rev. J. B. Hogan on the "Dark
Days in France."
There ■was a large audience In Metro
politan Temple last night to listen to tha
lecture by the Very Rev. J. .B. Hogan.
S.G.D.D., president of St. John's Seinl
nary of Boston, on "Personal Remlnls
eenses of the Siege of Purls." The hall
was decorated with the national colors
and evergreens.
Prior to the appearance of the lecturer
there was presented a varied programme
which included an introductory address
by J. J. O'Toole, president of St. Ignatian
Council of the Young Men's Institute,
under whose auspices the lecture was
given; an address by Judge R. Y. Hayne,
president of the evening; an instrumental
duet by Messrs. Grennan and Brusher;
vocal selections hy the Columbia quartet,
and a selection by the orchestra.
The principal speaker, the officers- of
the council, a number of the local clergy
and prominent members of the Young
Men's Institute occupied the platform.
The orchestra, after rendering a patri
otic overture, played "The Star-spangled
Banner" and before the first bar had
been rendered the entire audience rose
and remained standing till the last note
was played and then gave vent to its
appreciation by l"u<l applause.
Judge Hayne delivered a brief address
in which he alluded to what the reverend
speaker would tell the assemblage.
The lecturer, who was a res
ident of the city of Paris during the try
ing times of the Franco-Prussian war,
gave a most Interesting account of the
terrible days when the capital of France
was in a state of siege, telling of what
he saw from the beginning to the end
and detailed the causes that led to the
war which terminated in the triumphal
entry of the German army into the
Queen City of the world. The speaker
was frequently applauded.
Chinese Without Certificates.
The case of Ah Fook and William Fook,
-who were brought before Commissioner
Heacock for examination, has been post
poned until next Friday. The Chinamen
in question have no certificates, but make
the claim that they were at sea on Ameri
can vessels at the time the Chinese reg
istration lnw was passed and have had
no opportunity to take out certificates.
They arrived here on the steamer R. D.
Rioe from New York on July 4. The cap
tain expresses himself as sick and tired
of Chinese sailors and hopes the two men
will be deported.
Democratic State Convention.
Chairman Alford of the Democratic
State Central Committee has issued a
call for a meeting of the committee of
fourteen appointed to fix a date for the
holding of the State convention. The
sub-committee ■will meet to-morrow aft
ernoon :it the California Hotel. It Is al
most certain that August 17 -will be the
date selected. That will give the con
vention time to complete its labors be
fore August 23, when the Republican
State convention will meet in the sam*
hall at Sacramento.
Tea for the Fish.
Forty packages of China tea, recently
seized by the Custom-house officials as
unfit for food, were dumped into the bay;
yesterday.
56
TUESDAY JULY 26, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprwtofc
Address All Communication* to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts.. S. P.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL BOOMS .217 to 22! Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) I*
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
jar 15 cents a w«ek By mail $6 ptr year; per month
jts cents. ________
THE WEEKLY CALL On* year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
MEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Bulldlaft
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlftft* Houo.
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marqnette Bulldla.
C. GEORGE KHOGNESS. Advertising. Representative. I
tRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay. !
open until 950 o'clock 387 Hayes street, occn until j
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larl^ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock- ■
*4i Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 MarKet
Street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2519
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open untl. 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty -second aiu-
Mntuc^y streets, open until 9 o clock.
AMU S EM HNTS.
Columbia— "A Gallant Surrender."
Alcnr.ir— -EaSt Lynn©
Morosco's— The Two Orphans "
Tlvoll— "The Besrsrar Student"
Orphexim- Vaudeville.
Th^Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the «18-poun4 Man.
Oiympla— Corner iiacon and Eddy atreets, Specialties.
fcutro's Baths— Swlmmlnjf.
El Campo- Mupic. danolng.boatlng, n»hlng. every Sunday
By Frank W. Butterfield- This day, July 26. Library, at corner
Market nn<\ streets, at S o c.octi p. m.
THE AGNEWS SCANDAL.
ACCORDING to reports from San Jose Mr.
Frank Hood Gould, with his confederate
Trustees of Agnews Asylum, Dr. Curnow and
Mr. Hale, put in most of their time on Sunday at the
asylum, where they had a conference and a lunch
with Dr. Sponogle. As a result of the conference or
the lunch they seem to have parted in a good humor.
Curnow and Hale returned to San Jose and Jim
Rea, while Gould, who has taken up his lodging at
Agnews, remained with Dr. Sponogle.
In the natural order of things the confederated
trustees ought to have preserved for themselves the
attitude of impartial judges of the charges recently
made against Sponogle and certain other employes
of the asylum. This, however, is a case outside the
natural order of things. Mr. Hood Gould has a half
brother and something like a whole girl involved in
the scandals, and, as for Curnow and Hale, they have
heaven knows what at stake, for the San Jose boss
has an ax above them, and were it to fall they might
get such a shock as would cause them to lose their
heads altogether.
So it appears that the three, instead of acting as
judges in the investigation of the acts of the em
ployes of the institution under their charge, are to
appear as participants in the offenses to some extent.
They are to stand or fall with their favorites, and
have prepared the whitewash beforehand so that the
accused parties may be made as decent looking as
possible when the time comes for the three to pro
claim their innocence and embrace them in public.
Whether this style of conducting an investigation
of some of the gravest charges ever made against the
employes of a public institution in this State will be
permitted to pass unpunished remains to be seen.
The State officials will have something to say about
it, and their saying may render futile all the cunning
plans laid at the lunch and the conference on Sunday.
In the meantime there is one thing to be guarded'
against. Mr. Hood Gould has shown as a Commis
sioner of Building and Loan Associations that >he
knows how to make one kind of report to the Gov
ernor and then alter it to please his friends before
printing it for the public. He may try the same game
at Agnews. The State officials will have to watch Mr.
Gould. While he is now in the position of legitimate
game for an official shot, it must not be overlooked
that he is one of these hell diver ducks that is good
at dodging.
Only a few weeks apo a syndicate article by Mil
lionaire Hooley was going the rounds. It told people
how to get rich, and, above all else, counseled
honesty. Now that Hooley has failed, It appears that
he had so much advice to give there was none left
for home use.
Agnews officials charged with misconduct have
planned out just the sort of investigation they think
would be satisfactory to themselves. It may be neces
sary to inform them that a whitewashing matinee per
formance is not the programme.
The six fellows who enlisted in a Nevada company
for the sake of getting Government rations were evi
dently victims of an acute form of hunger. Contem
plation of the rations has given more than one pa
triot pause.
The chaps who while General Wheeler is at the front
fighting are trying to get into his Congressional
shoes may succeed in defeating him, but they are not
going to win the regard of people generally.
A niece of Commodore Schley is going to Madrid
for the purpose of promoting peace. It is believed,
however, that her uncle will be able to do more
effective work in this direction.
Somehow we miss from the Examiner the old
tendency to praise General Shafter. Can it be that
so small a thing as having its correspondents bounced
from Cuba has displeased it?
Even if, as Le Matin says, all Europe has agreed
that the United States must not hold the Philippines,
all Europe has forgotten to take the United States
into the agreement.
There is a dull thud coming, and when it has been
heard the $25,000 head of Aguinaldo will be in the
basket. That man is personally too many.
Judged by the proclamations he is uttering now,
Aguinaldo is as anxious to be king of dudes as Presi
dent of a republic
Shafter's expulsion of Examiner correspondents
was merely a legitimate feature of the effort to stamp
out yellow fever.
Russian court ladies are now forbidden to smoke
cigarettes, but their pink tea privileges are intact.
There is no denying that the Cubans killed while
attacking Spanish prisoners deserved all they got.
Garcia should take means for the suppression of
his ready letter writer.
THE SILVER VIEW.
THE Herald at Salt Lake seems desirous to
make public its confirmed and crystallized opin
ion that Mr. Hearst and Colonelette William J.
Bryan are fighting this war, that the President and
the military and naval strategists of the Government
are mere spectators, whose duty is done when they
cheer as Colonel Bryan bests an army or takes a city,
and Mr. Hearst soars superior to the rules of English
grammar and composition, in communicating the vic
tory to his newspapers.
It is with a shade of regret that we notice that the
joy of the Herald over the feats of Colonel Bryan
and Mr. Hearst is not a purely patriotic emotion.
Its origin does not seem to be m love of country, but
in hatred pf The Call. The Herald is sure that The
Call was displeased when Colonel Bryan went down
into the tropics and took Santiago, destroyed Cer
vera's fleet, threw Pando into a panic and made all
those waters too hot for the paint on any ships but
our own, and therefore the Herald rejoices and re
marks that seven millions of men who voted for
Colonel Bryan for President rejoice also.
It further records the pleasure that is abroad in its
office, from the rubber doormat in front to the out
pipe of the sink where the forms are bathed in a solu
tion of concentrated lye, because Mr. Hearst has es
tablished an edition of his N. Y. Journal in
Santiago, and has a letter from President McKinley
flattering his enterprise. We regret, again, the motive
that impels this pleasure, for it is advertised to be in
the belief that The Call i^ frantic with jealousy be
cause the President adds himself to the means used
by Mr. Hearst for advertising his papers.
The Herald is entirely wrong. Jealousy of Mr.
Hearst's methods is not found among legitimate
newspapers like The Call. Their success depends
upon using the old-fashioned ways of common
honesty and common decency. They are entirely un
affected by the presence of Mr. Hearst. The seller
of good butcher's meat is not hurt in his trade by the
crows which fill on the carrion they find in the roads
and fields. His customers will not eat the carrion
and the crows will not eat good meat. It is so in
journalism. The Call has no market among those
who crave what is spumy and rank. That is Mr.
Hearst's field, and he fills it with the ardor of natural
fitness. It is legitimate to praise him for it, too.
There is no reason why the President should not
commend Mr. Hearst for his zeal in his chosen work.
If a man choose to purvey carrion, why it is all right
to approve him for sticking to it. Of course he makes
sacrifices and gets kicks, but the latter are part of his
assets. They advertise his business. At Santiago, for
instance, the military commander found it necessary
to tear down Hearst's posters and drum him and all
of his correspondents and employes out of the lines
and to forbid their return and prohibit their presence
in any camp of the army or any ship of the navy
within that military jurisdiction. This action, which
has not been necessary in the case of the correspond
ents of The Call and the other decent press of the
country, is exactly in line with the President's letter
to Mr. Hearst. It certifies that he is a purveyor of
carrion, and that the article he furnishes is good
carrion, because it is so offensive that the American
army and navy cannot stand it. In the same sense
The Call highly approves of Mr. Hearst and his en
terprise. We stand in line with the Pope, with Presi
dent McKinley, with Theodore Roosevelt, with Mr.
Cleveland, all of whom have given Mr. Hearst a cer
tificate as a paerless purveyor of carrion.
Now the difference between all of m and the
Herald is, that it insists that Mr. Hearst furnishes
fresh meat.
THE PARTY OF THE PEOPLE.
rROM the responsive acclamation given by Re
publicans generally to Chairman McLaughlin's
declaration of opposition to "boss rule, corrup-
tion in politics and the domination of corporations,"
it is evident the phrase will be made the watchword
of the party in the coming campaign. It is one of
those sentiments which catch the attention of the pub
lic by being uttered at the right time, in the right
place and in the right way. It is the best rallying
cry that can be formulated at this juncture, and will
be potent in rousing loyal Republicans throughout
the State.
As the time for opening the political campaign
draws nearer it becomes more and more evident that
the supreme issue in this State is to be one of elimin
ating corrupting influences from our politics and es
tablishing honesty and a patriotic regard for the pub
lic welfare. The tariff issue is virtually dead, and
the silver issue is dying fast. In support of neither
of these bygone policies could any candidate for office
hope to be elected in California this year. The people
are almost unanimous for protection and sound
money. This being so the one question now before
our people is that of electing honest men to office and
making our State administration and our delegation
in Congress truly representative of the great masses
of the people.
The Call has repeatedly pointed out that this is to
be a year of independent voting, and not a yellow
dog year by any means. Being virtually relieved
from any immediate fear of further free-trade tariff
nnkering or any fiasco experimenting with the mone
tary system of the nation, the people will vote for
those candidates whom they regard as being freest
from any form of subjection to bosses, to corruption
or to the domination of grasping corporations. It
is in fact to be the people's year, and the party which is
most truly the people's party will win.
Chairman McLaughlin has very justly stated in an
interview published in The Call yesterday that "our
party as a whole in this State is more free from boss
rule and outside influence than any other party, bnt
we must eliminate from it every vestige of such in
fluence and prove by our actions and our selection of
various candidates that we and they are in fact of
and for the people." The truth of the statement is
beyond gainsaying. The defeat of the bosses in Re
publican conventions means Republican victory at
the polls. The triumph of the bosses would mean the
defeat of the party.
The State Central Committee has now done what
it could to prepare the way for honest politics and
to assure the accomplishment of victory. It now
rests with the rank and file of the party to profit by
the fair field that has been provided for them. The
primaries will not show victories for the people if
the bosses are left free to control them. All loyal
Republicans must therefore begin now to prepare for
the contest. They must register. They must or
ganize. They must go to the primaries. They must
vote for the election of free, independent and honest
delegates. They must show that the Republican
party is indeed the people's party in practice as well
as in precept and principle.
Perhaps the use of a hatpin in a fight between laun
dry ladies is legitimate. It is when a man is stabbed
by this weapon that the rules of civilized warfare are
violated.
Blanco is reported as making light of Santiago's
fall. That man seems to be a compound of optimism
and general foolishness.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 26, 1898.
ThjE CASE OF LOCHNER.
THE inquisitorial method pursued bythe Chief of
Police of this city in detecting crime is wholly
wrong and ought not to be longer tolerated.
Besides being illegal it is an outrageous violation of
the principles of personal liberty. The method pre
vails in France and is pursued by the police authori
ties of Russia, but no other civilized nation in the
world permits it — certainly none in which the per
sonal rights of the citizen or subject are a matter of
concern to the Government. A sworn warrant is al
most everywhere required as preliminary to incar
ceration, and it ought to be here.
Some days ago a woman was strangled to death in
a Fourth-street lodging-house. No one knows who
committed the crane, but Chief Lees has determined
that a miserable fellow named Lochner who roomed
in the house shall be tried for it. In pursuance of his
method of convicting all persons whom he suspects,
the Chief has placed Lochner in the "tanks" and sub
jected him to a rigid cross-examination. Denied the
services of counsel, securely confined in a dungeon,
and compelled to undergo the searching tortures of
the detectives, it is really a wonder that the wretch
has not broken down and "confessed" the crime. A
weakerman might have done so. Even an acute man
might have so tangled himself up as to run the risk
of a term in prison.
Yet during his confinement no charge has been
preferred against Lochner. He is just as much en
titled to his liberty as Mayor Phelan or the Chief of
Police himself. He has simply been taken by force,
put in the "tanks" and held for days on suspicion of
having committed a crime with which there is no
direct evidence connecting him. Had Chief Lees
"suspected" Auditor Broderick or Assessor Siebe of
this crime there is no reason why they might not
have been subjected to similar treatment.
Perhaps Lochner is really the murderer of Mrs.
Carpenter. It is barely possible that the "sus
picions" of Chief Lees will in this case be verified.
We do not care to discuss the facts of this particular
case at all. The question we desire to ask is simply
this: What authority has the Police Department for
locking citizens up on suspicion and subjecting them
to the torture of a one-sided cross-examination?
Lochner's liberty is just as precious to him as any
other man's. If the Chief of Police can lock Lochner
up on suspicion he can lock Charles Webb Howard,
William Alvord, E. B. Pond or any other citizen.
All he need do in any case is to send a policeman
after the victim and order him incarcerated. If this
method of detecting crime in San Francisco is to
continue, if the "small book" and the "tanks" are to
be used in this manner for verifying the suspicions of
the Chief of Police — in short, if Chief Lees is to con
tinue to be the supreme arbiter of personal liberty
hereabouts — it would be well to make his detective
theories a subject of legislative consideration. At
present he frames his own "rules." This power, at
least, should be taken from him.
Personal liberty has been the jealous care of all
ages. Millions of lives have been sacrificed in
achieving it. A century ago Sir William Blackstone
said that the moment the power is left to any magis
trate "to imprison arbitrarily whomever he or his
officers think proper (as in France is daily practiced
by the Crown) there will soon be an end of all other
rights and immunities." This is as true to-day as
then. Yet the custom of jailinp men without warrant
of law prevails in this city. How many persons have
been arrested and detained on "suspicion" by the
Chief of Police during the past year? That is a ques
tion the Grand Jury should investigate. Usually the
Chief is careful to lock up only poor and friendless
citizens. But this fact ought not to influence ac
quiescence in the custom. The Grand Jury should
make the Chief show his "small book" and open the
"tanks." Nobody knows at this moment whom he
has locked up on "suspicion."
AFTER THE WAR IS OVER.
JUDGED by a European critic nothing could
be more absurd than the proposed national con
ference called by the Civic Federation of Chi
cago to discuss the future foreign policy of the Unit
ed States. A debate by an assembly of private citi
zens, however prominent or eloquent, on such a sub
ject, would be regarded by a foreigner as of a mere
academical nature — something like a village debating
society expanded to national proportions. He would
not be able to understand why any considerable
number of men should take the trouble to participate
in such a debate, nor why any organization should
be willing to defray the cost of it. Its arguments and
its conclusions are seemingly to be of no value.
Congress and the President will decide in due time
what is to be done in every emergency of our rela
tions with foreign countries, and the proposed grand
conference so far as an alien can see will be no more
than a species of oratorical circus free for all and go
as you please.
In the United States, however, we are accustomed
to such conferences. They fill a large part in our
political life, and in some respects are hardly less im
portant than Congress itself. It is through them
that our people formulate opinions on new issues and
arrive at definite conclusions. We have had them at
every stage of our recent history to discuss each
broad issue that has arisen. We have had slavery con
ferences, reconstruction conferences, tariff confer
ences, money conferences, irrigation conferences, and
now in the natural and inevitable order of things we
are to have a conference to discuss the much-vexed
problem of what we shall do with the colonies cap
tured from Spain.
While the proposed meeting, like all others of a
similar nature, will end in talk, it will not be wholly
useless. The American people have at present but a
vague idea of the factors in the problem they will
have to solve when the time comes to determine what
is to be done with our captured possessions. Accord
ing to reports from Washington the commercial or
ganizations of the country have as a rule urged the
President to hold all the acquired islands as a means
of extending our commerce, while on the other hand
strong protests against such a policy have been re
ceived from other classes.
These differences of opinion are mainly founded
on differences of interest, bbt to some extent they
rest on different conceptions bf the facts involved in
the issue, and the conference on the subject may have
the effect of removing some of them by eradicating
popular misconceptions of the conditions of the
islands and the responsibilities we would assume in
annexing them.
The Chicago movement is, therefore, one to which
we can look forward with considerable interest. It
is only in America that the people meet to discuss in
large assemblies the policy of our Government,
but the custom harmonizes well with our gene
ral institutions and political processes. What is said
or resplved at Chicago will not settle anything, but
it will help form public opinion, and public opinion
in this country settles everything.
At least there will be some difficulty in inducing
the Spanish to accept the theory that the Oregon was
at the fight off Santiago only in the capacity of spec
tator.
HOW TO FAIL ..A LESSON FROM LEES.
Thanks to Chief of Police Lees' efforts, the mystery which surrounds
the death of Mrs. Sadie Carpenter is deepening day by day. The evidence
taken at the Coroner's inquest held yesterday only increased the gloom,
and the inquiry, so far as it went, achieved no other result than to elicit
from witnesses, male and female, a mass of filthy, unprintable detail
which can have no possible bearing on the case. Do the police imagine that
they are going to find a clew to the crime in the sewers? Do they think
that, from out this - ..ass of garbage, they are going to pick one grain of
relevant truth?
If there ever was a case which required careful, artistic handling, It Is
the present one. The task of detection in this class of crimes is aJways
difficult, often impossible. Witness the famous series of Jack the Ripper
murders, which paralyzed Whitechapel with fear and defied the best efforts
of the Scotland Yard detectives. It requires all the dramatic ingenuity of
a Lecocq, all the subtle analysis of a Sherlock Holmes to arrive at the
true solution of such problems. Of course we do not expect Captain Lees
to rival either of these famous sleuths of fiction, but we may at least look
for a little plain, ordinary common sense in his methods of procedure.
The unfortunate woman, Mrs. Carpenter, who seems to have been
above most of her class in intelligence and culture, lived in a milieu which
Is essentially favorable to the commission of such offenses. She roomed in
a large house, which is literally, ap the evidence shows, a den of vice. De
bauchery, by day time and night time, permeates the place. Most of the
witnesses whom the police have gathered together belong to the lowest
class. Yet no one with any knowledge of human nature would dream of
looking for the murderer within the walls of the building. The people
who lived in it were admittedly vicious, but their vice was not of a kind
which leads to violent outrage. It was too ignoble, too retreating in its
character; its votaries were too effeminate to be capable of such murderous
passion.
Look at Lochner, as he sits in his chair at the crowded inquest. He is
a pure type of the degenerate, such as only great cities — where all that is
worst in human nature focuses itself— can produce. Undoubtedly his ap
pearance has not been improved by his illegal detention in the tanks, com
bined with a week's cross-examination and bullying by Captain Lees. Yet
he is self-composed enough as he tells his ignoble tale. If he has any shame
left within him he does not show it. His figure, when he stands erect, still
bears traces of military discipline; his face, before dissipation marred its
outlines, might have belonged to the fine, determined German type. He has
the high, square forehead, the massive chin, the firm mouth and the some
what subdued nose of his race. But drink has played sad havoc with him;
his eyes are we:.k and watery and undecided in color, while his hair is thin
and patchy, and his mustache has lost that military trimness which is the
delight of all Teutons. Of course one cannot look for elaborate toilets from
out a prison, and doubtless, with careful grooming and decent dressing,
Lochner could still be made quite presentable.
In such a being, his whole moral fiber sapped with unmentionable vices,
one does not expect to find much nerve. Yet if Lochner really murdered Mrs.
Carpenter he possesses the most wonderful self-possession ever vouchsafed
to mortal man. Freed from the bully and bluster of the police torture
chamber, he gave his evidence clearly and collectedly. He even took up
the rag which he claims was tied around Mrs. Carpenter's throat, and
though his hands shook slightly, showed by practical demonstration how
the fatal knot was tied. He had an answer ready to every objection, he
knew exactly which shutter in the room was open, so that sufficient light
entered to enable him to discern the murdered form of Sadie Carpenter,
and the bandage round her throat.
All the other witnesses told their tale with equal fluency. Indeed, this
was only to be expected. It was the natural outcome of the long series
of dress rehearsals which Captain Lees has been holding during the past
week. The Coroner's inquest yesterday was but the stage performance
of an empty and unmeaning comedy which the police have been carefully
preparing. Every one of the actors has been painstakingly trained; their
cues are thoroughly known. So they said their little parts with perfect
ease and fluency, and the police, forsooth, expect us to accept this sort of
thing as evidence.
Apart from the illegality of Lochner's detention and constant exam
ination, its utter folly amazes me. Supposing him to be guilty— and we are
yet as far away from any proof of this as ever. If there were any weak
points in his story, he has had ample time to find them out without com
mitting himself. He has read in the papers all that the other witnesses
have to say about the case, and has been able to make his story agree
in every point with theirs.
Take, for instance, the light question, upon which Captain Lees has
laid much stress. The police have tried to show that Mrs. Carpenter's
room was in darkness when Lochner and the night clerk entered it. Yet
they claim that Lochner walked straight to the murdered woman's bed
and untied the knot in the bandage round her neck. Obviously, unless he
already knew It was there, it would have been impossible for him to do this in
the dark. Now, if Lochner had been kept in complete ignorance of all that
was going on, if he had not been fully informed of the statements which the
other witnesses were going to make, a question like this might have been
sprung upon him, when placed under examination in open court, with dis
astrous effect. But Lochner, thanks to the police, was fully prepared; he
had no hesitation In stating that the upper blind of the center window was
open, and that thereby sufficient light was admitted to enable him to dis
cern, outlined against the white pillow, the dark line around the woman's
neck.
Take another witness, Mrs. Rlley, an abandoned woman, living In the
same house. She claims to have heard a noise, a gurgling noise, followed
by a sliding sound, as if the bed was being moved slowly across the floor.
How she could have heard a gurgle through two closed doors, and along
a crooked passageway thirty-eight feet long, is not explained. Besides,
the medical evidence shows conclusively that Mrs. Carpenter was not stran
gled by means of the rag round her neck, but was smothered with a pil
low or some other soft article. Persons dying under such conditions do
not usually gurgle. Then Mrs. Riley admits that she was entertaining a
soldier visitor at the time, but she either cannot or will not disclose his
identity. Why have not the police found this man? Possibly he might
furnish the key to the enigma, or at least he could substantiate Mrs.
Riley's vague statements. She claims that the man heard the noise as
well as herself, but that he asked her not to interfere, as he did not wish
to get mixed up in any trouble. Here was a line of investigation which
the police might, with advantage, have followed, had they picked up the
scent at the outset. Now the trail Is confused, and it is too late to do
anything. It remains to be seen -whether Captain Lees has any further
exhibitions of his Thespian tactics to offer when the inquest is resumed
to-day. J. F. ROSE-SOLET.
THE DUDES BEFORE. SANTIAGO.
They scoffed when we lined up with
Teddy.
They paid we were dudes and all that;
They imagined that "Cholly" and "Fwed
dio"
Would faint at the drop of a hat!
But let them look there In the ditches.
Blood-stained by the swells in the van,
And know that a chap may have riches
And still be a man!
They said that we'd wilt under flre.
Arid run if the foeman said "Boo!"
But a fellow may have a rich Bire
And still he a patriot, too!
Look there where we met twice our num
ber,
Where the life-blood of dudes drenched
the earth!
The swells who He in their last slumber
Prove what we are worth!
They laughed when we said w« were go
ing.
They scoffed when we answered the
call;
We mifrn.. do at tennis or rowing,
But as •warriors— oh. no— not at all!
Ah, let them look there in the ditches,
Blood-statnofi by the dtidop In the van,
And learn that a chop may have riches
And still be a man!
—Cleveland Leader.
THE CHINESE INCUBUS.
Editor of tho San Francisco C'nll — Sir:
What, a paradox is presented by the ml
ing anent the Hawaiian Chines*. The
Chinese are already In Hawaii. Hawaii
has been made a part of ttn> United
States, and yet It Ih hold thai the Iln
waiian ChineM sh.-iii not !"■ permitted to
enter the United State*. This Interdict (■
not against their entering as citisens,
because they tiro not oitltens of Hawaii,
but simply against their oomlng In in
bodily presence?. Sinro they ire already
in how can they be prevented from com
ing in?
I take it that to relieve our Govern- ]
ment from the perplexing anomalousncsa I
of this situation there may . speedily bo
enforced wholesale deportation of Ha
waiian Chinese back to the Flowery
Kingdom. It would seem that this la our
only escape. If a Chinaman resident In
New York applied to a steamship agency
for a passage to San F*anclsco and paid
for it certainly there Is no law by which i
he could be prevented from coming to the
latter city. Would this not bo equally
true as to the Chinaman In Honolulu,
since both that city and San Francisco
are in the United States?
JOHN AUBREY JONES.
Fruitvale, July 23. •;:;.
. ♦ ■
ENGLISH CURRY.
A simple English eurrj may be made
of veal or lamb, as well n« of chlokon or
or of rabbitt. For a veal or lamh curry
select about three pounds of shoulder out
in neat square pieoei Brown them in
butter, season and add a Little >
water. Let them stew wmii the;
tender. Take up the meat, reduce the
stock, thicken it with a heaped table
spoonful of flour and an <v< n one of
curry powder. Add a fried onion if the
flavor Is liked and strain the sauce pre
pared around the cooked meat. Surround
it with a border of rice.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
BLUE COD— Subscriber, City. The
blue cod has a rough skin, but has no
scales.
MINORS IN THE ARJIY-P. S., City.
If a minor enlists in the army without the
consent of his parents and against their
will they may make application before
the courts for his discharge.
TO SAN RAFAEL— A. 8., City. The
distance by steamer and rail from the
ferry landing in San Francisco to San
Rafael is eighteen miles, and the schedule
tlmo In covering that distance is one hour
and fourteen minutes.
A RED ROSE CITY— A correspondent
to this department wishes to know in
what poem can be found the line,
A red rose city, half as old as time.
Can any of the many readers 01 this de
partment oblige?
VISITTNG DAYS— Z. Z.. Haywards, Cal.
The Mark Hopkins Institute of Art Is open
to the public on week days from ft a. m.
to 5 p. m. The admission fee Is 25 cents
each day except on the first Friday in
the month, when there is no charge for
admission.
MAIL AT SAN QUENTIN— S. O Tres
Pino«, Cal. Mail Intended for prisoners
;it San Quentin is examined by the au
tb.ritios and If there is nothing objec
tionable In the correspondence it is de-
Uvered. If there is it is withheld.
TRANS - MISSISSIPPI POSTAGE
STAMPS-Stamp Fiend, City. The de
nomination of the Trans-Mississippi
postage stamps, commonly called the
''Omaha Exposition Stamps," is 1 cent
2 cents. 4 cents, 8 cents, 10 cents, 50 cents!
■>! and $2. s
SECTIONAL PRESIDENT-S.. City It
was Abraham Lincoln who was called
"The Sectional President." This name
was applied to him by the Souther"" rl.
Who held that he represented not the
BONDS IN 1861-B. L.. City. On the 4th
of February, one month before James
Buchanan retired from the Presidency of
the United States, 6 per cent bonds were
quoted at 90^ and 5 per cents were not
quoted. On the 4th of March th<- quota
tions were 91*4 for sixes ana 53., for 5 per
!T'! ts> J v J (i on Aprll 6 the quotations were
98 to 96 for b per cents and Sy> 4 for S p«
HEAD TAX— A. S., Mnrysvill.v Cal
There was a head tax in th.> (Jutted States
on Immigrants, in IS7O the Legislature
Of Massachusetts granted relief fTOUJ the
operation of the tax to those who lra»e
dlately announced, on arrival, their Im
tentlon to pass out of tho limit-; of tt
i 'oinmonwealth. In 187(1 the Bupren
Court of that State declared tho uv Ul
constitutional.
CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATION
S.,*City. Each branch of the Qovernww
that is under the civil st-r\ lea
a different time for the hold
aminations. The timo nnd pl*i
examination is posted In fivr.t o( ('■
fice of the branch of t!w Govornni
which It is to be held, and the fact is
also announced in the newspapers. In
formation may also be had on inquiry ot
the secretary of the department in whica
the applicant wishes to '.dke the examina
tion. «
THE TOBACCO CROP— The Smoker,
City. The latest tabulated figures on the
product of tobacco in the United States
is from the reports of the Secretary of
Agriculture for 1895. The figures thero
given are 523,103 acres, yielding 406,1
pounds, valued at 127,760,739. ' The same
authority ga%*e as an estimate for
Area, 595,000 acres; product, 403,004,050
pounds; value, $24,258,000.
SAMPSON AND SCHLET— Subscriber,
City. This correspondent writes: "Please
explain why Captain Sampson was placed
in command over the heads of officers
like Schley and others higher in rank."
As this department 's not t n !.-,>■ •• • •'■»
secrets of the Navy Department it cannot
tell Subscriber » - ■ .. v
acting rear admiral and placed in chargo
of a fleet. The Secretary of the Navy
could answer that question, but it la
doubtful if he would.
SEQUENCE IN CRIBBAGE-K. S,
Pinole, Cal. The following is the law of
sequence in the game of cribbage:
The sequence of the cards is king, queen.
knave, ten, nine, eight, seven, six. five, four,
three two, ace. The are is not in sequence
with 'the kins ami queen. The kins, queen,
knave an.l ten, though they each count ten
i thirty-.. ne in play, reckon in sequence
in the order piven. Thus: Knave, ten nine
are In sequence. If any three cards are
played in such a way that they can be reck
oned in sequence order, either Horn abova
downward or from below upward, without the
intervention of another played card out or se
quence order, the player of the third card is
entitled to mark three, called a run of three.
If a fourth card is similarly played the player
of it is entitled to a run of four; if a fifth
card is similarly played a run of five accrues,
and so on. If there is a break in the se
quence, and in the subsequent play the break
is filled up without the intervention of a card
out of sequence order, the player completing
the sequence is entitled to a score of one for
each card of it.
It i 9 not necessary that the cards forming a
Bequence should be played In the sequence or
der. Thus: A plays a four, B a deuce, A a
flvo B can then come in with a three and
make a run of two, three, four, five. After
the three is played A can come in with an
ace or a six, making a run of five, or with a
four, making a run of four. But if any card
not in sequence intervenes the run is stopped.
Thus if four, deuce, five and five are played
in this order a three or a six will not come
In, as the second five, which is no part of tn«
run, intervenes.
If A plays 6, B B, A 7, A makes a r:m
of 3; if B follows with a 5 he cannc
claim a run of 3, as the Becond 5 inter
venes.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Dr. J. M. Blodgett of xx>dl la at the
Grand.
Dr. J. A. White of Sacramento is at the
Grand.
R. O. Osgood of Butte City is at the Oc
cidental.
C. W. Parker, a rancher of Kenwood, Is
at the Grand.
Winfield R. M6re of Santa Barbara Is
at the California.
G. G. Goucher, an attorney of Fresno, is
at the Baldwin.
Captain and Mrs. J. Walker of Fresno
are at the Baldwin.
P. L. Flannigan, a sheep rancher of
Reno, is at the Grand.
J. M. Sellick, a mining man from Chi
cago, is at the Grand.
Captain E. P. Newhall, a mining man of
Washington, is at the Russ.
G. M. Francis, proprietor of the Napa
Register, is at the Occidental.
Mr. Barlinpr.the
handsome gentle
quents the Pal
hours of the day
and certain hours
sailing' and extremely good-natured man.
His unruffled disposition allows him to
smile at all thing's, which ne does with
great eclat, but his eye-tooth of anger and
passion is now cut. The other evening
Barling. F. S. Chadbourne, of a day's mil
itary fame, and two other kindred spirits
were ensconced in a sequestered corner of
the Palace bar hurling stories at one an
other's heads. Every subject under the
sun had been exploited except personal
misadventures. When this stage was
reached "Chad" beeped to be excused
from active participation and became an
attentive listener.
i i
{# ONE if\
i TOO MANY FOR i
I HIM. !
( i
This is Barling's story: I was on the
San Jose train the other day when some
thing snapped, and for about ten seconds
I thought it was all up with us. As it
happened, nothing of a serious nature oc
curred and after a delay of ♦«•* minutes
the train continued its course. I had just
fixed myself comfortably and was reading
the evening paper when the peanut, candy,
cigar and soda water butcher came into
the car in which I was sitting, and with
an audacity I have never seen equaled
walked up to me and addressed me in this
fashion: "Say. but you are a lucky one."
I wanted to read my paper undisturbed,
so I made a quick, short reply: "Yes." It
was ineffectual, however, for he was at
me again: "Do you remember the last ac
cident we had when you were with us?"
Now I had no recollection of anything of
the sort, but I was willing to damn my
soul if I could get rid of this pest, so I
said "Yes" again. And then what do you
think that fellow said? You can't guess.
Well, it was this: "You want to forget
that as soon as you can and remember
the Maine."
J. M. Engler, connected with the Sierra
Valley Railroad, Is at the Russ.
M. V. Monarchs, a distiller of Owens
boro, Kentucky, is at the Palace.
O. McHenry, a banker of Fresno, wif«
and family, are at the Occidental.
John F. Carrere. secretary of the State
Lunacy Commission, is at the California-
Lieutenant J. J. Meyler and Captain
Raymond Sulzen. U. S. N.. are at the Pal
£lC6
a! P. Cross. George P. Button and C. M.
Hunter of Los Angeles are at the Bald
win.
left yesterday on the annual tour of in
spection of the Southern Pacific line*
from this city to Ogden.
Hpnrv Hurtz has returned from a two
weoks^huniing and riding trip in Maria
County and is at the Palace.
J. Kruttschnitt. general manager OJ.0 J. the
Cal . elace fruit 60c par lb at Town—
Special information supplied daily to
bu«ines« houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's) 510 Mont
gomery street Telephone Main 1042. •
The medal which has just been pre
sented to M. Zola l'-vl '- v his friends is six
inches In diameter, and bears on one sida
the profile of M- Zola, with the end,
"Hommaspt M. Zola." while on the other
Bide ia a representation of a thunder
storm with the sun peeping out from be
hind the clouds. Across the face of th»
coin on the latter side is a phrase used by
7ola in one of his articles In favor of
Dreyfus. '•Truth ia approaching. an«
nothing shall stop it. Em Zola. 13 Jan
uary li>9S." The medal, which weighs live
pounds, was >"-> instead of being stamp
ed in order to avoid conies having to be
deposited with the Government. The
law only exacts tnat ."stumpeO'" coins
shall bo deposited. No duplicate of M.
Zola's medal will be made, but smaller
niKvhnen* in bron»e will be stamped for
the subscribers to the presentation fund.
Are Cut
To HM rock. Call »t new ticket offle*
of th<- B<mta T« r«mt» at BIS Market it. Very
low rate* to all BMttTO ■ dttea. s will pay
you to lnv?»O£at*t
powwy t« a trnu^ranee man and knows what
Pr. Btcs?rt'» Anfiv«»tur» letters did to brae*
Mm uj> at Manila.
RTHrSrStA CAN HK CUKF.P BT t'SIN'O
Aoker » l\v»wi*»u TaMets, One> Utt!« tablet
*m kiv» imm»risat» relief or money refunded.
Hv>ut In .Nome tin be*** at No Percentage
t'tmrnSERVICE AT THE FRONT
FOR KANSAS VOLUNTEERS
THE third squadron of troop ships
which sailed from this port Or
the Philippines Monday, June 27,
should reach Manila to-morrow or
next day. On the voyage from
this harbor to Honolulu, after the
squadron formation was dissolved, the
City of Para ran away from the rest
he ships and landed the Thirteenth
Minnesota in Hawaii so far ahead of
the other troops that the Minnesota
boys got well acquainted In Honolulu
before their comrades arrived. If In
cident order of sailing was allowed
after leaving Honolulu the City of Para
may be in Manila Bay at this time.
Major General Merritt, Governor
General of the Philippines,, sailed from
this city on the Newport Wednesday,
June 29. The Newport is rated as a
ly ship, so tidings may soon be
Morritt's arrival in Ma
nila. There are five batteries of ar
tillery in this third expedition now
t duo at Manila, These batteries
I .', L, A and Kof the Third United
States Artillery and the Astor Inde
lent Battery- The rifled field pieces
•uith which the artillerymen are
equipped, together with the heavy guns
■ imiral Dewey's cruisers, ought to
mak -ion behind the intrench
ment.s of Manila decidedly uncomfort-
Batteries A and B of the Utah
Light Artillery arrived at Manila with
1 expedition. A detachment
of i I; Heavy Artillery went
with the first expedition. The advance
of the splendid infantry column of the
Eighth Army Corps can be well sus-
I by artillery fire.
cc the mobilization of volunteers
in this city there have been quite a
number of deaths in the hospitals at
the camp, but the percentage
ortality is not larse. According
•. tement of army officers the
Is less than that of the Eastern
camps of Tampa, Chickamauga and
Troops have been crowded into
.'. Her ppace at Camp Merritt than
. sanitary conditions justify, but
5 t.-> th° breezes from the ocean
of the men has been main
i. The Presidio possesses ad
vantae^p over Camp Merritt which will
now be utilized and the change of lo
cation may diminish the sick list.
EIGHTH CALIFORNIA.
The Oakland Company's Griev
ance — Social Courtesies at
Fruitvale Reciprocated
by the Cfficers.
CAMP BARRETT. Sather Station, July
25.— The refusal of City Auditor Snow to
draw his warrant for the $499 appropria
tion by the Oakland City Council has
left the Oakland company in anything
but an enviable position. Being assured
that the money would be forthcoming
when the company was called into serv
ice. Captain Wenk went ahead and pur
chased a quantity of goods which the
men stood in need of, expecting- to pay
the bills from the appropriation. Every
company In the regiment has been fur
nlshed with a company fund by their
townsmen but Oakland's?, and the officers
and men feel that they have reason to
feel aggrieved at being left to foot these
bills.
Chief Musician Gomez had a very en
joyable practical joke worked off on him
in-" camp this evening at retreat. The
last notes of "Star-spangled Banner" had
just died out, . when Adjutant Smith
stepped forward and in sharp tones cen
sured the band for its conduct Rnd closed
by Lying he believed It was the fault of
the leader, who had been beating time
with his cornet. He then produced a
beautiful ebony baton with an Ivory
handle Inlaid with pearls and sliver
tipped which he presented to the aston- i
ished and now greatly pleased leader.
The shock was too much, however, and
ho had to accept the gift without com
ment. It was the gift of the musicians
in the band.
Colonel Park Henßhaw, Lieutenant
Colonel F. de L. Carring-ton. Major F. "W.
Dudley and Lieutenant E. S. Heller of the
regimental staff have been the recipients
of many social courtesies at the hands
of the ladies of Fruitvale during the
three weeks they have been In camp.
This evening they took the band and
went to Mrs. Henry Wetherbee's resi
dence where quite a party had been as
sembled, and serenaded them. A very en
joyable time was had by all.
Colonel Park Henshaw will take the
regiment out to-morrow morning for the
first regimental drill. All the men have
now received their uniforms and clothing
ami are to be put through battalion and
regimental drills from now on In the
morning hours, while an hour each after
noon Is devoted to company and recruit
' Captain L. E. Lyon, Company H, Red
ding, was presented with a fine service
sword to-day by his old comrades of the
Stockton Guards. The presentation was
made by Colonel J. J. Nunan of the
Stockton" Mall, who was the first lieuten
ant of the Guards when in command of
Captain Lyon.
The guard detail this evening consisted
of Captain G. H. Voss. Company L.
Marysville. officer of the day: Lieutenant
w c Bean, Company E. Santa Rosa, of
ficer of the guard, and Lieutenant C. C.
Covalt, Company F, Oakland, super offi
cer of the guard.
Miss Birdie ■ laves of the Berkeley
High School Sanitary Corps and a niece
of Captain L. E. Lyon, presented Com
pany II with comfort hags for each man
to-day. The young lady was greeted with
cheers as we'll as the society she repre
sented.
There are sixteen minor cases at the
hospital. One Is not fully developed, but
te, avoid any bidden danger it has been
Isolated, the patient being kept In a small
tent by himself. Stomach troubles and
colds are responsible for most of the
ca ses. , ,
Twenty-five recruits have recently been
mustered Into the service and assigned
to any vacancies which existed in the
companies. Corpornl Drake goes back to
the ranks to get Into Company M. where
he will be made first sergeant, a position
he has held since coming into camp.
WASHINGTON TROOPS.
Arrival and Reception of the
Third Battalion of the
Firs' Regiment.
The Third Battalion of the First Wash
ington Regiment arrived at the Presidio
at 7 o'clock yesterday afternoon from
Vancouver Barracks under the command
of Colon-! J. H. Wholley. It was expect
ed In early in the day, having left Van
couver on Saturday night, but the train
was delayed and the soldiers did not
reach Oakland until 4 o'clock. They are a
fine looking body of volunteer men. and
:heir commanding officer is every inch the
soldier that he looks to be
The First Battalion under Major Wels
be £:" WCI \- over i 0 Oakland to meet
the Third and escorted it out to the Pre
sidio The battalion was assigned to quar
ters In the barracks next to thosp of th*
First. It is 42 men strong, including thir
teen officers and the band, which is an
excellent one. The arrival of the Third
Battalion here practical^ consolidate* the
regiment, as the second battalion Is sta
tioned here doing duty at Anerel Island
The Third Battalion ever S ft^i
mistered Into service has been doing gar
rison duty at Vancouver Barracks
The ordering of this battalion here prob
£ <T means that the regiment will be sent
£ Manila. It is equipped and one of the
!>est drilled volunteer regiments in th«
{ervice to-day All of Its men have had
»ev«ral months' experience in garrison
duty under regular officers, and this has
had ts effect in making thorough soldiers
oi them. The officers and men are all
anxious to go to the front and are ready
at a moment's notice.
The officers of the Third Battalion are:
Company H, Captain Stemman. Firwi
Lieutenant Davidson, Second Lieutenant
Southern; Company X, Captain Smith.
1-irst Lieutenant Arnold. Second Lieuten
ant Co dwell; Company C, Captain Stur
ges. First Lieutenant Bothwell, Second
Lieutenant McCoy; Company M. Captain
Boyer, First Lieutenant Dreher, Second
Lieutenant Hazzard.
The column passed along Market street
en route to the Presidio shortly after 5
o clock and was saluted by The ('all's ar-
L «!£¥ n the dome of the Claus Spreckels
building.
' «
PLANS AT THE PRESIDIO.
General Miller Arranges to Ac
commodate the Troops to
Be Moved From Camp
Merritt.
The removal of the remaining troops
from Camp Merritt to the Presidio will
begin this week. There are five full reg
iments, two battalions and several de
tachments of recruits to be" removed, and
they will be transferred to the Presidio
just as soon as the necessary water
pipes for their camps have been laid. It
is possible that the first of the regiments
may be brought over to-day or to-mor
row. General Miller was at the Presidio
yesterday looking over the ground best
suited for the encampment of the men.
He said: "I have ordered the Alger bat
tery to move its camp closer to that of
the two batteries of Heavy California
RECORD OF A GALLANT SOLDIER,
Major James T, Chase, Commanding First Battalion,
First New York Reaiment, U, S, Volunteers.
Major James T. Chase, commanding the First Battalion of the First New
York Regiment, Is every inch the soldk-r and veteran that he looks. He wean
his three-score years admirably, and la as bale, hearty and genial as v.hen,
forty years ago. he entered the National Guard of New York. Major Chase Is a
thorough soldier, and four years of service in the last war with many mentions
for conspicuous gallantry, have given him a just right to the honors that have
been conferred upon him. He entered the National Guard as a private in Com
pany D, Nineteenth Regiment of New York State Militia. Out of sixty men
this company furnished forty-nine officers during the last war, ranging in rank
from second lieutenant to lieutenant colonel. The company was known as the
Washington Continental Guard. Major Chase was at the fall of Charleston.
After two years' service during the Rebellion he was mustered out, but imme
diately re-enlisted and served until the end of the war. Major Chase is a resi
dent of Newberg, and a wealthy retired ship-builder. He is exceedingly popu
lar among men and officers, and his genial nature and continual courtesy have
already made him a host of friends In San Francisco.
THE SA!N" FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 26, 1898.
Artillery, and this will give me room for
regiment between the First New
Fork regiment and the Alger battery.
Now, )f the First New York and the bat
t;ili"ii of engineers are gotten away by
next Monday as is expected, then there
will be room for two more regiments
Where they now are. The remaining two
regiments will be encamped on the slope
of the hill to the south of the Union
street car line, and the other small de
tachments will l>e conveniently located
in suitable camps somewhere upon the
reservation. I shall move my head
quarters to the Presidio as soon as all
of the troops have been gotten away
from Camp Merritt."
In view of what was said by General
Miller, a.* well as what could be Learned
from other reliable sources, it appears
that it is now General Merriam's plan to
get the New York ri siment and the bat
talion of engineers away to Honolulu just
as soon as possible, and it is very prob
able that the next two transports that
sail will carry these troops to Hawaii.
Neither Lieutenant Colonel Stacpole nor
Major Langbitt have as yet received any
orders to prepare to move their com
mands, but they are holding themselves
in readiness and are prepared to leave
when the order comes.
The mortality among the men still con
tinues, and as each day adds to -the list
of deaths the urgent necessity of mov
ing the troops from Camp Merritt is
recognized.
Private E. Mullican, Company A,
Twenty-third T'nited States Infantry.
at the Marine Hospital at 12:55
o'clock Sunday night of pneumonia.
Private Harry Dubbs, Company X,
Seventh California, died at the Marine
Hospital at 0:45 o'clock on Sunday night
of pneumonia.
Private Leon Hull. Company D, First
S"\nh Dakota, diea yesterday at the
Division Hospital of pneumonia. A num
ber of soldiers are now critically ill and
not expected to live. The Post Hospital
has had to erect tents to meet its over
flow of sick soldiers.
Major Owen has Isolated the two cases
of varloloid from the Seventh California
Regiment, and the men are confined in a
tent in the rear of the Division Hospital.
•
ORDERS TO GET READY.
Eighteenth Regulars and Kan
sas Volunteers Slated for
Duty at the Front.
The following order issued yesterday
at Camp Merritt is considered by the
wise ones to indicate that the remaining
battalion of the Eighteenth regulars is
listed for the next expedition:
Headquarters Independent Division, Eighth
Army Corps, Camp Merritt.
SAX FKANCISCO, July 25, 1853.
Special Orders No. IS.
1. The commanding officer Third Battalion,
Eighteenth United States Infantry, will select
from hie command one non-commissioned offi
cer and six privates for the duty of guarding
the steamer Seandia, said steamer having
been designated for the transportation of
troops to the Philippine Islands. This guard
■Rill report at the steamer Scandla. lying at
the foot of Pacific street at pier No. 7, no*
later than 3 o'clock to-day, and should be pro
vided with six days' rations and necessary
bedding. The commanding officer Third Hat
talion, Eighteenth Infantry, will issue the fol
lowing instructions to the detachment selected
to guard the steamer Scandia:
"Two sentinels will be constantly kept on
duty, one on the ship and one on the gangway.
This sentinel will not permit any persons to
hoard the ship unless they are known to be
members of the crew or unless they are pro
vided with a pass from the depot Quarterrnaa
ter ..r from these headquartors. Intelligent
nnn-rommissioned officers should be selected
and ir termed that the object of the guard is to
prevent any tampering with the ship on the
part of persons i:i Spanish interest.
Another significant order was directed
from General King's headquarters direct
ing Colonel Funston of the Twentieth
Kansas, to have prepared immediately a
report of everything necessary to com
plete to the least detail the equipment
of the regiment. It is probable that the
hard w< rk and splendid discipline of the
Kansans will at last be recognized. Upon
this point, however, Colonel Funston re
fuses to be interviewed, paying that
doubtless his regiment will be called for
when his superiors need it.
Lieutenant Colonel Lee D. Stover, com
manding the First Battalion of South
Dakota Volunteers, has been officially
notified that he will bo first in command
of the transport St. Paul.
Throughout Camp Merrltt the appoint
ment of Lieutenant Colonel Stover is con
sidered an eminently fitting one. Besides
being an officer of unusual executive
ability. Lieutenant Colonel Stover has his
battalion drilled to a standard of effi
ciency not exceeded by any troops that
have gone or are to go.
An order was issued to him yesterday
instructing him to detail two officers to
act as commissary and quartermaster for
the boat. The detail will be reported
to-day.
EIGHTH ARMY CORPS.
Private McMahon Learns That
the Way of the Deserter
Is Hard.
Three years ago Private John McMa
hon deserted from Company B of the
Tenth United States Infantry.
At the llrnt gunshot of the present un
ple;tsantness he was moved by the patri
otic blood thai is in him to come out from
his concealment and tender his aid. He
enlisted with the Klghteenth Regulars.
and up to a couple of weeks ago he did
his soldier's duty and with the rest of
his comrades was impatient to get to the
front in active service.
Somehow his identity was discovered,
and yesterday came his reward for his
patriotism in an order from the depart
ment, instructing that he be dishonor
ably discharged, mulcted of all pay and
allowances and confined for two years at
Alcatraz with hard labor as his portion.
McMahon will begin his sentence to-day.
Dr. V. ii. de May, acting assistant
Burgeon of the Eighteenth Infantry, was
removed yesterday from his quarters to
Che French Hospital, where he is suffer
ing from pneumonia.
The Twentieth Kansas Volunteers have
accepted an Invitation to give an exhibi
tion drill on August 4 for the benefit of
the Army and Navy Christian Commis
sion. Th» drill will take place at the Me
chanics' Pavilion.
Captain Carroll, commanding the Colo
rado recruits, is suffering from malarial
fever and has been conveyed from his
quarters to the French Hospital.
The remains of Private D. C. Tucker,
Fifty-first lowa, have been shipped to
Council Bluffs for Interment.
Bpringfleld rifles were issued yesterday
to the Oregon recruits.
On Tu< sday evening the officers and
men Of the 'Seventh California will be
entertained by the ladles of the Meth
odist church, corner of Broadway and
California street.
Lieutenant Palmtag of the Seventh
rnia has been granted seven days'
leave of absence.
FIVE-CENT WHISKY.
The Last Effort to Gather In
All the Nickels of
Camp Merritt.
There is a hot fight on among the keep
ers of the dozen or more disreputable
joints near Tamp Merritt on Fifth ave
nue for the few stray nickels that remain
in the possession of the men of the ranks.
"With a .stipend of no more than $13 GO a
month the festive recruit and the sea
soned regular are good things for a Lim
ited season only, and as it has been some
weeks since the last regimental pay day
the aggregate of <ash remaining in tin
ranks is noi bo greai thai the individual
is exempt from rigid economy, even in
his vices. The wherewith is practically
exhausted, but the general thirst goes
right along in the uneven tenor of its
way, and it was to accommodate both
of these conditions, and incidentally to
rake In anything left in sight, that one
of the more enterprising dispensers hung
out a sign advertising B-cent whisky to
soldiers.
The r< pul t of this innovation was por
ceptlble all through camp. The f, r in mill
for a day was crowded with nickel-rich
blue coats, to the exclusion of the neigh
boring resorts, whoso proprietors Btood
before their doors and cursed their lack
of foresight. Next morning the H-crnt
sign adorned every door along the ave
nue, and claret at 10 cents a quart was
listed with the stronger beverage.
The fight was profitable for about
twenty-four hours. At the erkl of that
time roll call at regimental guard houses
hnd nearly doubled, and a search war
rant could not have uncovered a nickel
along the line. As the trade of the offi
cers goes solely to the reputable places
on Fulton street, there is nothing left to
the Fifth-avenue people to fall back
upon, and a general exodus may be ex
pected within a few days. If there be
.any virtue in boasts that have been made,
it will be in the direction of the Presidio.
Every saloon man In the district has used
his pull to have, his license transferred to
the new camp.
WOODLAND WANTS
A NEW COMPANY
Governor Budd Grants Permis
sion to It to Heplace the
Troops Mustered Out.
"Woodland is anxious to retrieve her lost
military laurels and Governor Budd Is
ready and willing to aid her. The citi
zens of that city have felt keenly the
odium brought upon them by the revolt
of their company when about to be mus
tered into the Eighth California Volun
teers and have sought for some means to
wipe it out. They have finally hit upon
a plan which gives bright nromise of be
ing entirely successful.
When the Woodland company marched
out of Camp Barrett Governor Budd at
once issued an order mustering it out of
service and discharging the members
from the National Guard. This action
created a vancacy in the State troops
which the Woodland people are anxious
to fill with an entirely new organization.
Woodland was always proud of its mili
tary organization and citizens formed a
stock company and built for it one of the
finest armories in the State, the allow
ance for rent drawn from the State be
ing barely sufficient to pay the stock
holders' interest on their investment.
Several days ago C. W. Bush, on behalf
of the citizens of Woodland, wrote to the
Governor, calling his attention to the va
cancy existing in the National Guard and
the great desire of Woodlanditcs to oblit
erate the past by filling the vacancy with
a new company. He spoke of the mag
nificent armory now vacant and the hard
ship to the loyal citizens who had built it
because of their inability to use t*ie build
ing for other purposes, it being especially
adapted to military purposes. He con
cluded by offering to raise a company of
not less than fifty men, to be mustered
into the State service.
On Saturday Governor Budd replied to
Mr. Bush's letter, saying, in part:
I fully appreciate the force of what you say.
If a company Is organized to the minimum
number as indicated In your letter. I will be
pleased to muster it into the National Guard
on its making application through the proper
channels.
I have transmitted your letter to the adju
tant peneral's office and Colonel Peeler will
communicate with you, or call in relation to
the matter, if you so desire.
It Is understood that this is to be an eptirely
new company, and that It shall not contain
any of the men or officers mustered out of the
National Guard.
Colonel Peeler came down from Sacra
mento last evening, and said that no re
ply had been received to the Governor's
communication, though he expected to
hear from Mr. Bush within a day or two.
Colonel Peeler said there were certain
formalities to be "-one through before
Woodland could get its company. In the
firrt place a call, signed by fift-" or more
residents of the county, who are citizens
of the United States, must be submitted
to the board of location and organization,
and upon the board's approval the com
pany could be mustered into the service.
Colonel Peeler thought there would be
no difficulty in arranging the prelimina
ries and expressed the belief that Wood
land would soon be represented in the
National Guard by a company that would
be ready and willing to perform any mili
tary service required of it.
THE ST. PAUL GOES NEXT.
She Is Now in Charge of
Lieutenant Colonel Stover
of the First South
Dakota
The next transport to Bail for Manila
will be the St. Paul, which Is now In
charge of Lieutenant Colonel Stover of
the First South Dakota Regiment, the
Third Battalion of which is assigned to
this vessel, together with a number of re
cruits for regiments that have gone to
the Philippines. General Merriam has is
sued orders for Lieutenant Colonel Stover
to get his troops on board the St. Paul on
Thursday, as she will probably sail on
Friday.
Mayor Long and the naval examining
board are inspecting the Scandia, to as
certain what work is necessary to put her
in first-class condition for transport ser
vice. A new crew is being engaged for
this vessel, which is expected to be in
readiness to sail a weelk from next Satur
day. The Arizona, which is pronounced
! the best transport yet secured, will be
ready at the same time. These two ves
sels will carry recruits for the regiments
that have been forwarded to Manila, and
the remaining room will be occupied by
detachments of regulars and possibly one
full regiment of volunteers.
The sailing vessel Tacoma. in charge of
Lieutenant Cameron, and carrying horses
and mules for Manila, will sail next Mon
i day.
UNDER OUR FLAG.
The Transfer of the Scandia to
the United States Govern
ment Is Completed.
The big German steamer Scandia,
after considerable delay, has at last been
formally turned over by her owners to
the United States Government. The
transfer occurred yesterday noon. The
German flag which had been flying on
the steamer since her arrival in port was
hauled down and the American flag was
soon after hoisted by Mrs. Long, wife
of Major Long, the depot quartermaster,
under whose direction the purchase of
the vessel was made.
Captain A. W. Perry of General King's
staff has been put in charge of the
Scandia, which goes into the stream to
day to await orders. The German crew
will leave for the East this evening. A
telegram has been sent to New York for
a competent captain to handle the
vessel.
War Incidents.
The officers of the First New York Vol
unteers were the guests of honor at a
reception given last evening by Miss In
gargiola, 'at her residence, 1124 Bush
Btreet.
Assistant Acting Surgeon Frank B.
Robinson has been ordered on duty with
the First Troop of Utah Volunteer Cav
alry at the Presidio.
Honolulu Fortifications.
Major Langiitt, in charge of the Third
Battalion of the Second negiment of
United States Volunteer Engineers, has
been ordered by General Merriam to
make surveys for the proposed fortifica
tions of the harbor at Honolulu.
The Free Normal Training School of
the Golden Gate Kindergarten Associa
tion will open August 1. Application for
admission may be made this week and
next to the principal at --1 Ninth street. *
No Forgery Proved.
The case against attorney A. J. Greene,
charged with forgery by John Lapique,
was dismissed by Judge Mogan yester
day. Greene was accused of forging
Lapique's name to a receipt for $125 given
to the Public Administrator In settlement
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Absolute purity is the
chief ornament of thia
fame-crowned beer.
Val.Blatz Brewing Co.
MILWAUKEE. U.S.A.
Louis Cohen & Son, Wholesale
Dealers, 416-418 Sacramento Street,
Sac Francisco,
of his claim against the estate of Jean
Louis Ader. At that time Lapiquo was in
the County Ja.il awaiting the decision of
the Supreme Court on a conviction
against him for grand larceny. Judge
Mogan said he could not hold the defend- \
ant on the unsatisfactory evidence pre
sented by the prosecution.
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming: baths, North Beach.
AMATEUR BOXERS.
The San Francisco Athletic Club Will
Entertain Members on Wed
nesday.
On Wednesday evening the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club will entertain its
members. The bill of athletic fare reads:
William Perry, championship winner of
featherweight class, will box Jack En
nis six rounds, and Jack McMahon, who
recently bested Billy Otis, will meet Ed.
Toy in a six-round bout.
A very interesting entertainment is as
sured.
The Hardtmuth lead pencil is the best in
the world. Try the Koh-I-Noor. •
Green Fruit Shipments.
The shipments of gren fruit this year
will fall short of those of last year about
1300 cars. Up to last Saturday 1775 car
loads of green fruit were shipped east.
Covering a corresponding period of last
year the shipments amounted to 1600 car
loads. The exportation of this year will
not, however, reach that of a year ago,
•which was 5300 carloads. Hardly more
than an aggregate of 4000 carloads is ex
pected for the entire year 1898. This will
show a decrease of 1300 carloads, compar
ing the shipments of 1897 and 1898. The
falling off in the exportation is due to the
minimized crops of pears, apricots and
peaches.
Believe He Is Dead.
Mrs. Jennie C. McCauley has petitioned
for letters of administration upon the es
tate of her son, Dwlght M. McCauley,
who she believes Is dead. He left his
home ten years ago and since that time
has not been heard from. His estate con
sists of a half interest in his father's
estate, which Is valued at $5000.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.
Grants diplomas and confers degrees. Rare
opportunities offered in music. One hour's ride
from San Francisco. Write for catalogue to
MRS C. T. MILLS, President. Mills College
Postofflce, Alameda County. Cal. Thirty-second
year. Fall term opens August 3. IS9B.
MISS WEST'S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS,
2014 Van Ness aye.: opens August 15. Certi-
ficate admits to Vassar, Wellesley and Smith
colleges. Accredited to the University of Cali-
fornia. Kindergarten in connection with the
school . Number of house pupils limited.
THE HAMLIN SCHOOL
(Van Ness Seminary), 1849 Jackson St., S. F.
Term opens August 4. Departments school
work from Kindergarten to College Prepara-
tory Course. Address MISS SARAH D. HAM-
LIN, MRS. EDNA SNELL POULSON."
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Select boarding and day 'school for young
ladles. 2126 California St., San Francisco. Will
reopen August 1. Accredited to universities.
Seminary and full conservatory music. Pri-
mary department for children. Carriage will
call. REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M.
A— THE LYCEUM PREPARATORY SCHOOL
— This school prepares students for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges; Its grad-
uates are admitted without examination to
Stanford University and Cooper College on
recommendation of the princinal: references,
President Jordan or any Stanford professor.
Phelan building.
ST. MARY'S COLLEGE.
Studies will be resumed at St. Mary's College,
Oakland, Monday, August 1. IS9S.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
(FOR BOYS-LIMITED).
Large corps of teachers. Superior home ac-
commodations. Next term opens August 9,
189 S.
IRA G. HOITT, Ph. P., Principal.
q visit DR. JORDAN'S *«■*
i^fa Museum of Anatomy
iPfiWl 1051 WA2SET ST *•*• 6tll * 7th, S. P. C»L
§ « 9 The Largest of its kind In tb* ■World.
lJpi\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
I KwSfl \ ConmlU-.lon free. Write for Beo*
vT I VPhllosophjf^of'Sfarriage.
h a MAILED FRET. '
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
nAP T*» Full Set of Teeth
*£& +A / Z^A extracting free $505 00 up
.vyyiMJs*^!^ Gold Crowns 22k $3 50 up
S t —^^~^^L.'^ Fillings - - - 25c.ts.up
** .^?-Ts*33?*i£r*3^Q Open Evenings & Sundays
r^^^C*to VAN VROOM
*S*JM¥? y4\ >T Electro Dental Parlors
*o l^N Sixth and Market
* Dr. Q W." Kleiser, Prop.
_ — — i
. Woodbury's Facial Soap, Facial Cream and
Facial Powder will be found efficacious for
preventing Wrinkles. Freckles or chapping.
They are sold everywhere at 25 cents each.
© O>> O 06066©0 O O O © © O
jw PALACE '-"I
I GRAND Horg^so
£ SAN FRANCISCO. Q
" Connected by a covered passageway. zf
O 1400 Rooms-900 With Bath Attached. ®
O ■ ■*•!] Under One Management. O
j 0 NOTE THE PHICSB: O
-. European Plan. Bl .oo per day and upward n
v American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward VI
{j •■..-.■ Correspondence Solicited. q
\ q JOHN C. KIRKPATBICK. Manager. Q
000000000000000000
DR.MCNULTT.
riTIIS "WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABLE OLt»
L Sp(*la!LstcKr<M Prlvato.Nervous.Hlood and .Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
SOywirs'experieuce. Send for Book. free, Patients
, cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9to 3
daily : 6:30 tnS.HOcv'trs. (sjhdnys. 10 to 12. Consulta-
donfree and sacredly confidential OiUl oraddress
i». ROSCUE M«?iUI.TT. 31. it.,
26« KKARNY STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL
POISON OAK.
A few applications- of MRS. M. A. CURTIS'
HERB OINTMENT will quickly curt It. 'For
sale by all druggists. 25 cents per box.
\M. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California St., below Powell,
San Francisco.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
JHi CARTERS
SIGSC nOIQUi
Positively cured by these
little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose*
I Small Price.
Who
wants money back for Schil-
lings Best tea ?
Only a few — no, that's too
many.
Nobody — no, that's too
few.
Almost nobody — yes,
: that's right. r
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Manager
Last Nights of the Comic Opera Season.
Regal Revival of Mllloecker's Superb Work
"THE BEGGAR STUDENT!"
GREAT CAST. NEW SCENERY.
CORRECT COSTUMES.
NEXT MONDAY, AUGUST 1.
OPENING GRAND OPERA SEASON.
Repertoire First Week — Monday, Wednesday,
Friday and Saturday Evenings, AIDA. Tues-
day, Thursday and Sunday Evenings, LUCIA.
Special Saturday Matinee— LUClA.
Popular prices 25 and 50 cents
TELEPHONE BUSH 9.
TIVOLI -EXTRA.
On Monday, August I,
Opening of
GKAND
OPERA
SEASON
THE COMPANY WILL CONSIST OF THE
FOLLOWING ARTISTS:
MARIE BRANDIS,
Prlma Donna Soprano, Damrosch Opera
Co., New York.
ANNA LICHTER,
Prlma Donna Soprano, Carl Rosa Opera
Co., London.
MARY LINCK,
Prlma Donna Contralto, Carl Rosa Opera
Co., London.
EDGARDO ZERNI,
Primo Tenor. La Scala, Milan.
lIHYS THOMAS,
Tenor Carl Rosa Opera Co., London.
MAURICE DE VRIES,
Baritone, Abbey & Grau Co., New York.
WILLIAM PRUETTE.
Baritone Emma Abbott Opera Co.
SIG. G. WANRELL,
Basso, Royal Italian Opera, Milan.
WILLIAM SCHUSTER,
Basso Carl Rosa Opera Co., London.
THIS WILL BE THE MOST EXPENSIVE
OPERATIC COMPANY EVER BROUGHT
TO SAN FRANCISCO. >
The usual popular prices will prevail, 25 and
50 cents, never changing.
During the season MATINEES will be given
EVERY SATURDAY at which you can get a
RESERVED SEAT FOR 25 CENTS.
Seats will be on sale on and after MONDAY
July 25.
MOROSCO'S GRAND
Walter Morocco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
Telephone, Main 532.
Evening Prices 25c and 50c
Family Circle and Gallery 10c
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
"OUR CALIFORNIA BOY,"
JAMES M. BROPHY
In a Superb Revival of
THETWO ORPHANS
PROF. GRABBER'S Banjo, Mandolin and
Guitar Class (55 Members).
in a choice musical PROGRAMME.
Entire Depth of Great Stage Used.
CONSTELLATION OF FOREIGN AND
AMERICAN STARS.
3 SISTERS MEARTE. Equipoise Artists; JO-
SEPH HART and CARRIE DE MAR, "Dr.
Chauncey's Visit"; THE ANGELA SISTERS,
Musical Artists; W. H. WINDOM and BLACK-
STONE QUARTET; WILTON & STACK.
Triple Bar Wonders: VALMORE, "The Human
Brass Band"; GILBERT & GOLDIE. Native
Comedians; LORENZ & ALLEN, Eccentric
Dancers.
Reserved seats, 25c. Balcony, 10c. Opera
chairs and box seats, 50c.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
RALLY 'ROUND' THE FLAOJ BOYS!
Tremendous Hit Last Night.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY.
Presenting Edward E. Kidder's Latest War
Drama,
A GALLANT SURRENDER.
Augmented Cast! Elaborate Effects!
This Week Only! Matinee Saturday!
Next Monday— The Comedy, "His Absent Boy."
ALCAZARTMEATER
"AS POPULAR AS EVER."
LEWIS MORRISON
AND FLORENCE ROBERTS.
Presenting --.iji-y ■■::-
"EAST LYNNE."
THIS WEEK ONLY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next Monday— Lewis Morrison, RICHELIEU.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING*.
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OF THE
JAPANESE BALANCING ACROBATS.
NEW MOVING PICTURES and CANNON,
the 613-POUND SWISS.
See the Baby Shetland Pony
SMALLEST IN THE WORLD.
10c, Including Zoo and Theater; children, 6c.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dully from 7 a. m. until 11 p. ra.
ADMISSION 1O; - - - - CHILDREN 535 3
x.. ;mg. with admission. 25c: cnildreu. We.
HI VMPI 1 Corner of Mason and Eddy Streets.
ULllliriA GREATEST FREE BILL IN
AMERICA. Reid, barytone; Gibson & Allen,
Comedians; Flossie Nash, Soubrette; Ordwajr
& Rand;' Quazina, Royce Sisters, Rockwell and
others. Admission Free. Matinee Sunday. T ■
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver steady.
Wheat and Barley dull and weak.
Corn firm. Oats and Rye dull.
Continued heavy receipts of Hay.
White Bean* still higher.
Potatoes and Onions weak.
Vegetable* plentiful.
Eggs Hi in. Cheese steady and Butter un
langed.
A car of Eastern Poultry in.
Peaches, Pears and Apricots still higher,
Melons lower.
l>rled Fruits quiet.
Provisions an usual.
Hides weak and quiet.
Another decline In Hops.
Increased imports of specie.
IMPORTS OF SPECIE.
Imports of specie at this port during the first
lx monthe of the year were $15,204,536, against
I 375 "i during the corresponding period in
; S7 The Increase this year is due to the ln
ux of gol.l fn.m Australia, which began last
UgUßt. The descriptions \v«re: Gold bullion,
1.751.035; gold coin. J12.6"..319; silver bullion.
■73 : silver coin. 5124.245. Of these Imports.
II 761 ".91 came from Australia. $2.000,:4< from
apan and $1,155,191 from_Mexlco.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 25, 6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
sported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
n California:
Eureka 60. Fresno 106, Los Angeles SS. Red
fluff 106, Independence SS, San Vlego .0, Sac
njnento — . San Luis Oblspo 84, Yurr.a 110.
San Francleco temperature: Maximum 78.
ilnlmum. CO; mean. tU.
LEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure Is highest this evening on the
Vashlngton coast and lowest in Arizona. Quite
rapid barometric gradient exists in Northern
■alirornta. which Is causing fresh north winds
nd hither temperture in tne fcacromento \ al
,■,• and along the northern coast. W arm, fair
father may be expected In California Tues
"Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
lours ending midnight. July 26, 1S98:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday; con
lnue<i warm; fresh north to brisk west wind.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; fresh
lorthwest wind. ■
la— Fair; warmer Tuesday,
Utah— Fair Tuesday.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
lght north to brisk west wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals taken
it 5 p. m.: Clear; wind west, 25 miles per
.our; temperature. 87; """If^^Sj^oN.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. July There was some price
movements of considerable importance In
stocks to-day, but the effect on the general list
ras only slight. The early heaviness in the
1 to-day, but the effect on the general list
only slight. The early heaviness in the
railroads was to some extent corrected and
the level of prices generally brought back
above Saturday's close. Outside of the «pe
:lal cases reierred to, however, the price move
nent was ins.gninVunt, and no large demand
!OT stocks was perceptible. The most con- '
iplcuous stock in the day's trading was sugar, '
n wheih ihere was heavy buying, and ;
alvanr.-.l rapidly under vigorous manipula
;ii.n. 'J'iitrf was nu news forthcoming to ac
tor the rise, so far as the ;
nipany are concerned, the outlook
tlnuing so far as known the same as when the
large short interest was formed. The
marking up of the stock Is attributed to a pow
erful pool which has set about gunning for
The combination apparently hail pretty
rood success and secured some large covering
jrders in Uw . me in
dustrial stocks, which have recently been the
.ituoks sympathized in thll
- Gas and Tobacco rising over a
..go Gr*-at We.-tern preferred con
llnued t.. ri.-^'' on the authorized announcement
pf an impending dividend, ualnlng two points.
The a - was also up a fraction. The
■ gained from 1 to 3 points. American
I -•: 2 points, Adams Express 4 and
The day's trailing resulted in
large'.y reducing the outstanding short Interest
■without aruusing any outside inquiry for
la came to a halt again to-day. North
ern Pacific 3s being the only issue to sh w
conspicuous activity. The Government's with
drawal of deposits from the banks has some
what reduced the available supply of monoy.
but the demand continues so lax as to leave
rat>?s unaffected. Total salts. $3,335,000.
Th<> new Govcernment x* were quoted on call
at th< -a hen issued, and
f..r th>- small bonds whi.h are now being is
sued l"4£j;"-t l -i. United States &s declined V*
in the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day -were 205,700
shares. Including 5125 Atchlson preferr* .
B. and 0., 5753 Burlington, 11.3^5 Rea.dlng pre
ferred. 3155 N. J. Central, W)2f' Northern Pa
cific. 7i<:<l do preferred, SHO St. Paul, 523; Union
! C. G. W .
f.22:. People* Gas, 63,725 Sugar, 6370 Leather
preferred, 3605 Rubber.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson l.V* St P & Ora 82%
Do prefd 34% Do prefd 158
Baltimore & Ohio 13% St P M & M 156
Canada Pacific .. 85 So Pacific 19%
Canada Southern. £3*4 So Railway 8%
Central Pacific .. 15 Do prefd • 30 7
6hes & Ohio 12% Texas & Pacific, 12%
Chi & Alton 160 Union Pacific .... 60! i
Chi B & Q 106% i: P D & G 6%
Chi & E 111 66 Wabash 7%
CCC &St L,.... 41% Do prefd 18%
Do prefd 85 Wheel & L E.... 1%
Del & Hudson.... 106 Vi Do prefd 10
Del L& W 151% Express Companies-
Den & R G 12 Adams Ex 101
Do pr«fd 60% American Ex 135
Erie (new) 13 United States 40
Do Ist prefd.... 34", Wells Fargo 119
Fort Wayne 170 Miscellaneous —
01 Nor prefd 127% A Cot ill 23K
Hocking Valley... 5% Do prefd 78%
Illinois Central ... lf'8"- 4 Amn Spirits 11%
Lake Erie & \V... 13% Do prefd 33
Do prefd 70 8 Am Tobacco 120%
Lake Shore IS.i» Do prefd 124
Louis & Nash.... 63 * People's Gas 99%
Manhattan L .... 105%. ICon Gas 156
Met St Ry 181 Com Cable Co 170
Mich Central .... 106 Col F & 1r0n.... 20
Minn & St L 23 Do prefd 90
Do Ist prefd *8 (sen Electric 35%
Mo Pacific 34% Illinois Steel 66
Mobile & 0hi0... 25% Larlede Gas 60%
Mo X & T 10% Lead ■.. 35%
Do prefd 34% Do prefd 109%
Chi Ind & L 10 Nat Lin Oil 13%
Do prefd 32% Pacific Mail ... 28%
N J Central 89% Pullman Palace... 203
N V Central 118% Silver Certificates 55%
N V Chi &St L. 13 Stand R& T 6
Do Ist prefd.... C 5 Sugar 136%
Do 2d prefd.... 33 Do prefd 113%
Nor West 14 TC & Iron 25
No Amer Co 6% U S Leather 7%
No Pacific 20% Do prefd 67%
Do prefd 71% U S Rubber 31%
Ontario & W 14 7 Do prefd 90%
Or H & Nay 48 West Union 92%
Or Short Line 28 Cft N W 125%
Plttttburg 170 I Do prefd 173
Reading 17% St L ft B W 5
Do Ist prefd 41% Do r>refd 10%
Rock Island 66 R C, \v 26%
Bt Louis ft S F.. 7-4 Do prtfd 66
Do Ist nrefd.... 61 Chi G W if
Do 2d prefd.... 21-*2 1 -* Haw Com Co 23%
6t Paul 99% Brooklyn R T.. 65
Do prefd 151 Union Pacific .... 24
CLOSING BONDS.
D £ new 4s reg.. 125% V J C 's 1124
Do coup 126% N Carolina 6a 12:
U S 4i« 110% Do « 102
Do coup 111% No Pac lsts 112% l
Do 2d» S7 Do U 64%
D S M reg 112% Do 4s 99
Do El coup 113% N V C ft St L 48. 105
District 3.6"is 116% Nor & \V 6s 122
Ala class A 10* Northwstm cons. 142
Do D ■.-. Do deb 5s 117%
Do C 90 O Nay lsts 11l
Do Currency ... 90 <> Nay 4s •.. 96%
Atchlson 48 93 OS Line la tr IK
Do.adj -is 70% O B Line 5s tr.... 104
Can So 2da 10s% Pacific 6s of 95.. 102
Chi Term 4s S6>4 Reading 4s 82%
C & Ohio 5s 114% It G w lsts 89
C II & D 4%5.... 104% St Lftl M C :..- 98%
D & R G lets 109% St L & S F O 6s. 117% !
D & R G 4s 95% St P Con 145
East Term lsts... 10:.% St V C & P Ist*.. US**
Brie Gen 4s 73% Do r.s 116%
I" W& I) lets tr. 72 So Railway 6«.... 94%
Gen Elec 5s 105 Stand R& T 65... 71%
OH& 8 A 65.... 104 Tr-nn new set 35... 91%
Do 2ds 105 Tex rL G lsts.. 106
H&T Css 110% Do Rf Ml 42%
Do con 6s 105 Union Pac 41 97%
lowa C 15t5...... 102 U P D & G lsts. 73
La new cons 45.. 100 Wab Ist 5s 110%
I, ft T* Unl 45.... 88% Do 2ds BS%
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s 108%
M X & T 2ds M IVa Centuries 71%
Do 4s 89%! Do deferred ... 6
N V Central lsts. 115%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15 I Ontario 2 60
Crown Point 02 Ophlr 12
Con Cal & Va.... 31 Plymouth 12
Deadwood 30 Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry... 03 Do prefd 225
Hal.- & Norcross.. 40 Sierra Nevada ... 40
HomeFtake 48 00 Standard 140
Iron Silver 73 Union Con 13
Mexican 05 1 Yellow Jacket ... ' 10
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Do prefd 54
Call loans 153 Boston L , ">-»
Time loans 3(g4 Atchlson prefd ... 74>4
Stocks— E E 111....: 180
AT Ac F 13 Gen Elec prefd... 93
Airier Sugar 136% Bonds-
Do prefd 113% Atchlson 4a....... 93%
Bay State Gas... 1% Mining Shares— •
Bell Telephone... 274% Allouez Mm C 0... 3%
Boston & Albany. 225 Atlantic 26
Boston & Maine. 161% Boston & Mont... 2054
Chi It & Q 106% Butte & Boston... 23>;
Fitchburjr 95% Calumet &. Hccla. LOO
Gen Electric , ... 88^ Centennial 14%
Illinois Steel 66% Franklin 12%
Mexican Central 4% Osceola 45 .
N V & New Eng. 94 Qulncy 112%
Old Colony ....... 192 Tamarack 154
Rubber 31% Wolverine 2SVi
Union Pacific .... 23"i Parrott ...22%
West End £5% Old Dominion ... 23&
Westlnghouß« El. 24% I .■
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 25.-3 p. m.— Money on call
steady. 1@1»4 per cent: last loan. 1% per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 3Mi@-t per cent.
Sterling exchange weak, with actual business
in bankers' bills at $4 BJ@4 So I .* for demand and
nt it S3V»»4 64 for sixty days; pouted rates,
J4 Ssfci4 86H: commercial bills. $4 52404 S3;
Silver certificates. 68*©»%. Bar silver. 69%.
Mexican dollars, 46. Government bonds easier;
State bonds dull; railroad bonds, firm.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 25.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were quiet to-day, business being
checked by the approaching holidays and by
the settlement to begin to-morrow. The
markets will be closed on Saturday mkL
Spanish fours were strong early in the da on
foreign support, but were lower at J^e clone.
Americans were stagnant at New \ork P a r "J-
Grand Trunk was steady. in spite o : poor
traffic reports, on hopes of a lenient of the
i rat ° Wan CLOSING.
! Canadian Pacific. 87%: Grand Trunk. 'V
Bar silver steady. -"■ 1 per ounce. Money. *®
M per cent. '
Spanish fours closed at 3SV .
PARIS, July Spanish fours closed at
J 55.25. - _ .
NEW YORK GRAJN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. July 26. -FLOUR— Receipts. M,- |
203 barrels: exports. 35:.7. Dull, easy with prices
lower to sell. •.'",'' _
WHEAT Receipt., l«,« bushels; expo its.
135 Sn>- spot weak: No. 2 red f. o. b. afloat 80c ,
export grade to arrive. Options opened weak
through disappointing rabies, rallied later with |
corn, only to experience a. second decline under
liquidation of July, which «. Cl< mS™ C lower
with other months V«V off. A more "beral '
new wheat movement is In prospect. *<>• A
red July. TSeSJc, closed 72c; September. .2 1-16
c ::'•»'■. closed 72 1 >«c.
WOOL— Dull. . „ „
PETROLEUM— Steadier: refined. 16 tt.
METALS-The week In the metal market
starts off with the feeling Irregular in some de
partments and a shade better in the other*.
At the close the Metal Exchange called:
PIG IRON— Warrants barely steady at $« 06<J
6 75. Sales of 1200 tons.
LAKE COPPER-Oulct at $11 60.
TlN— Quiet and easier with $15 60 bid ana
LEAl>"Qulet and steady with $3 90 bid and
$4 asked. The firm naming the selling price
for lead from the Western miners and smelters
fsPELTER^et with $4 M bid and $4 60
ai ', k r,'l l - O-t Inns closed firm with prices un
changed to 5 points higher Sales. 250 bags,
including August $5 45. Spot Rio dull, nomi
nal" No. 7 Invoice. 6c: No. 7 Jobbing. 6V*c. Mild.
Q SUGAR-&w flrSffiir refining. JVic: centri
fueul 96 teat, 4%C Refined firm.
gUTTER-Recelpts. 2265 packages. Firm;
Western creamery. UOUc; Elfins. 16c. fac
tOKOGs" -Re'celpts. 15.155 packages. Steady;
Western, 14c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. July 25.— California Dried
Evaporated APPLES-Common. 6ffSc;
prime wire tray. SHes**c: choice. S*«9c; fancy.
9Hc ■ -*
APRICOTS- Royal. b"4@loc; Moorpark. 10®
! "pEACHES— Uupeeled. sgSc: peeled. 12i?16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
I CHICAGO, July 25.— A slight sprinkling of
I rain that was falling here when the session
i commenced started corn easy. The market
1 soon freed, however, from this influence. Con
! tinued dry weather was the reason for addl
j tlonal strength and when the signal service
i predicted another thirty-six hours prolonga
'■ tion without rain. th» trade was not slow to
! realize the situation. An active demand from
nearly all the prominent bulls started prices
!up with a rush The country had a few sell-
Ing orders In the pit at the opening. but the
1 offerings were quickly absorbed. When big
! shorts attempted to come In, it was a case of
■ bid and get nothing until the September price
touched 36He. a full cent better than the open
! ing At this point long property came out
; freely and there was active selling against
calls. The increase in offerings caused some
recession, but there were plenty of buyers at
the reduction to again advance September 3jSc
I The readiness with which Liverpool responded
I to the advance here Saturday was considered
i significant. September closed at &>l«©3o)kC, a
grain of ! S' J i I * r
Lower quotations from Liverpool and favor
able weather for the coming crop sent wheat
down at the opening. September started at
from 6T4c sellers to 67% c and had touched
I 67Uc when the advance In corn executed a
buoyant effect. When the corn market com
menced to give Indications of having reached
: the culmination of its advances, the bears In
the wheat pit were encouraged to sell with
greater freedom than they had been doing
while corn kept on the rampage. This, to
gether with Indications of enormous receipts
everywhere the rest of the week, coupled with
a declining cash market, caused wheat to be
come very heavy. After a downward reaction
In corn the commodity began another rise,
infusing a bullish spirit into the wheat mar
i ket. September closed »»@Vjc lower on the day
i a Oats followed corn. September advancing %c.
Higher prices for hogs and the strength of
! corn held provisions firm. Pork and lard ad
vanced 2Hc each and ribs 2b^sc.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments. j
Cities— Bushels. Bushel*.
Minneapolis 97.200 15.800 |
Puluth 5.213 IM.OOO
Milwaukee 7.800 1.300
Chlcjuto 48.637 18.940
ToedS 174.544 116.000
St. Louis 7J.000 32.00.1
Detroit .844 14 - 301
Kansas City -243.000 32.000
Totals -681.238 850.341
Tidewater— .
Boston 45.132 'ai's^B
New York 145.825 135.856
Philadelphia 8.000 1,198
Baltimore : 99,943
New Orleans
Galveston 34,550
Totals 833,410 201.023
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept.-Dec.
Opening t2 '.0 44 7.>
Cloying: 63 CO 44 50
Flour—
Opening 23 00 20 60
Closing 22 95 20 45
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
July. Sept. Dec.
Opening .6 7% til 5 7
Closing 6 10V4 66H
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, July 25.— CATTLE— The unex
pectedly small supplies of cattle to-day made
all classes of buyers eager to purchase. Prices
averaged 10@15c higher. Choice steers, J5 25®
J5 75; medium, $4 80@4 95; beer steers, $4 30®
J4 75; stockers and feeders. $3 40ff4 80; bulls.
$3@4 25; cows and heifers. $3@4; calves, {3 50
@7; Western steers, Choice steers, 3 I
medium, *4 SOfj 4 95; beer pteers. $4 30®
stockors and feeders. $3 401T4 80; bulls.
i; cows and heifers. J.T54; calves, 13 50
'estern steers, $4 154
HOGS— There was an active demand for hogs
at strong prices, sales showing an advance of
6ff7Hc. Fair to choice. J4@4 15; packers, $3 85
*i 3 97U; butchers. 13 85@4 10; mixed, $3 ta<Q>
U 87%; light. $3 80@3 ?2H: p»gs. MS3 90.
SHEEP— Business was extremely dull In
sheep and lambs. Prices were U.r(f2sc lower.
Common to choice lamb*, 13 50fT6 25; Inferior
to choice native sheep, *3g4 65; Western range
sheeep, J2 Ss©4 40. :' . '
Receipts— Cattle, 14,500; hogs, 32,000; sheep,
16,000. KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, July 25.— CATTLE-Recelpts.
0000 Market strong to 10c higher. Native
steers. S3 65®.", 20: native cows and heifers,
s SO; stockers and feeders, $3 15@5; bulls,
II'iCP Receipts, 5000. Market strong to 6c
higher; active: bulk of sales. S3 70<$3 95; heav
ies $3 7:.'i4- packers. S3 CD® 3 &5; mixed, S3 60®
S3 90; lights, J3 sof<3 80; Yorkers. S3 75@3 80;
pigs. S3 4r,<63 75.
SHEEP— Receipts. 3«to. Market firm. Lambs,
S3 10Q6; muttons, S2 Wvg-4 M>.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. July 25.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1600.
Active; 10c higher. Native beef steers. $4 Mi
|t M; Western steers. S3 90@4 60; cows and
heifers, $3 40f<4 15; stackers and feeders, S3 70<&
14 75: calves, M(gs 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 2'™); 6«iloc higher. Heavy.
S3 fcs-g3 95: mixed, $3 85<§3 87%; light. S3 Es@
53 87%: bulk. of sales, S3 87%»53 90. ..-..—
SHEEP— Receipts, 3000; 10@15c lower. Fair
to choice natives. $3 75®4 25: do Westerns, S3 60
©4 15; common. $3 50<?f4 10; lambs, $4 60@6 60.
DENVER.
DENVER. July 25. — CATTLE — Receipts.
1400: market strong; ]0c higher. Beef steers,
13 85@5 ; cows and heifers, J3®4 60; feeders,
freight paid to river, $4£4 40; stockers, do. Wis
54 75; bulls and stags, $2 »'"&3 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 100; market firm: shade
higher. Light packers. S3 80(£3 85; mixed. S3 85
©3 90; h*avy. W ■ j3 90.
SHEEP— Receipts. 800; market steady. Good
fat muttons, S3 25Q4 50.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONPON, July 25.— Consols, 111%; silver,
27't'i; French rentes. 103f 17V4c-
Wheat cargoes off coast, buyers and sellers
apart; cargoes on passage, easy for white,
quiet for red; cargoes Walla Walla, 31s 6d;
English country markets, some higher, some
lower; Import Into United Kingdom, wheat,
466,000; Import Into United Kingdom, flour,
177.000; wheat and flour on passage to Unlt.-d
Kingdom. 2.230. f<'0; wheat and flour on paf-^axe
to Continent, I.<2O,OCK>; Indian shipments wheat
to United KlnKdom, 146, 000; Indian shipments
wh«*at to Continent, none.
LIVERPOOL, July 25 -Wheat dull; wheat
In Parl.o, steady; flour In Paris, firm; French
country markets, firmer.
' I ITTON— Uplands. 3 13-82.
Imports of wneat Into Liverpool for the week:
From Atlantic ports, 43.000 quarters; from Pa
cific ports, 17,000 quarters; from other ports,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY
96 OHO quarters. Imports of corn into Liverpool j
from Atlantic ports for the week. 59.300 quax- j
CORN— July firm. 3s 2 7 4, d: September firm, 3s '
4i»d- October, firm. 3s 3Hd.
WlU" AT— Futures closed steady. July. 657%.1;
September. 5s 10 l! -d; December, 5s 64fcd.
CALIFORNIA FRTIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company auctioned California !
fruit to-day at the following prices:
CHICAGO, July 25.— Plums— Washington.
|1 10; I'urple Duane. $1 05; Tragedy Prunes,
i HOI X, average $1 16; Bartlett Pears, $1 20@ ;
. 1 Brf, ..verage. $1 35. Weather cloudy. Twelve
July 25.— Bartlett Pears.
60, average $1 <«• Four care sold.
MtNNEAI'OLIS, July 25.-Bartlett Pears
averaged $1 30.
NKW Yi'KK. July 25.— Plums— Peach. $1 3^
•> avrr.-ig.> *1 SS: Satsuma. 70C(t$l 30. average
97c; Burbank. s?c4?sl 55. average 90c; Washing
ton 30C55l 15. average $1: Purple Duane. 85c@
lil 30 average i«9c; Walling. 66c: Tragedy
Prunes, 6'C&JI 30. average 84c; German. S7c;
' Bartl<-tt Pears. Jl 20^1 95. average $1 54; Royal
Anne CherrU-a, SScOfl 60, average 57c: Re
; publlcrm. 40. Weather h.'t. Nineteen cars sold.
I.i ISTON, July 2f..— Bartlett Pears. $1 75#1 95.
ripe averaged Jl «0: Tragedy Prunes. 90c@
1 H 35 av^rnge $1 20; Washington Plums, $1 40;
Purple Duane. $1 tf. Nine cars sold.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NKW YORK, July 25.— The statement of the :
visible supply of grain in store and afloat !
Saturday. July 23. as complied by the New
York Pr.'dur- Exchange Is as follows:
Wheat 9 'J23 000 bushels, decrease I,i09.000; !
corn. 18,679. (n)0 buahels. decrea*o 1,340.000; o«t3, I
(2^'W bushels, decrease 1.305,000; rye. 481.
000 bushels, increase 21.000; barley. 345.000
bushels, decrease 40,000.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or.. July 25.— Wheat nominal;
Walla Walla. 60^«2c; valley and blue stem,
63@64c
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, July 25.— Wheat unchanged; club,
60c; blueitem, 6Zc.___
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or., July JS.— Exchanges,
$318,481; balances, lffl.lll.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS. Julr 28.— COTTON— Quiet,
steady; middling. &%c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight »4 87
Sterllns Exchange. 60 days 4 «6H
Sterling Cables 4 88
(few York Exchange, telegraphic. .. IT%
Sew York Exchange, sight 15
Fine Sliver, per ounce 69\
Mexican Dollar* 49 «■>,
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— There Is no general Improvement In
the situation anywhere. There seems to be
1 wheat enough to go around, and the markets of
! the world are weak and dull in consequence.
The local situation Is soft, like all the others.
Boot Wheat Shipping. $1 22Mi'3'l 25; milling,
, $1 30S1 40 per etl.
CALL BOARD PALES.
Informal session— o'clock— December—
Second sVonlon— December— 6000 ctls. $1 26H.
Regular morning session— December— 4f>oo ctls.
$1 26\: 6000. $1 27; 8000. $1 26T»: 2000. $1 27H-
Afternoon session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 27H.
BARLEY— market continues weak and
Feed. $1 15i?rl 20; Brewing, $1 30@l 35.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal serslon-9:13 o'clock-No sales.
Second December— 2ooo ctls. $1 19H;
" Regular morning session— 2000 ctle.
$1 19V*. v ,
' Afternoon session— No sales.
OATS— Trade Is at a standstill and quotations
are unchanged.Fancy Feed. $1 32H,f?l 35 per etl:
good to choice, $1 25«n 32H; common. HI. H^
1 22H: Surprise! $1 32ViSl 35; Gray, $1 22^<@1 25;
milling, $1 So@l 35 per ctl.
CORN— strength of the Eastern market
keeps this market firm, though there Is very
little going on. Small round yellow. $1 2501 30;
Eastern large yellow, sacked. $1 124'?! 1 15;
white $1 l.''«l 20: mixed. $1 05-31 10 per ctl.
RYE— sl 2 r "01 25 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75@1 86 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras. »4 65@4 75; bakers'
extras. $4 V><3* 60 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour $7: Cornmeal, $2 60; extra cream
Cornmeal. $3 25: Oatmeal. $4 25: Oat Groats,
14 60- Hominy, *3 25©3 50; Buckwheat Flour. $4
©4 25- Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina, }4 60;
I Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats (bar-
I ley) $5 8556 25; in sacks. *5 65<8>« 05; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas. *4 25: Green Peas. »4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Of yesterday's heavy receipts of 1194 tons of
Hay much was for account of local consumers
I who have been buying in the country, and con
sequently did not go on the market. But it
I was Hay Just the same, and the market was
' soft- In consequence, though there was no
' marked decline. Large San Francisco con
1 sumers have lately been buying heavily In So
noma County, particularly around Petaluma,
and this Hay will come In freely for some little
time to come. Reliable parties report that at
leaft one-third of the crop around Petaluma
has been bought up for San Francisco account.
Feeflptuffs remain the same.
BRAN— sl6^l6 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, SM p«r ton.
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31#31 60; Jobbing
»3'"a32 60: Cocoanut Cake. $24@25: Cottomeed
Meal. J2MJ3O per ton; Cornmeal. 123323 50;
Cracked Corn. $24^24 50.
HAY— Wheat. $IK'«'l*> 60 for choice and $16 r.Of?
17 60 for lower grades: Wheat and Oat, Jl6'nl*;
Oat $15@1": Barley, nstJl6; Island Barley, $13
014 50; Alfalfa. $11 B0O11; Clover, nominal.
STRAW— 85c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
White Beans are quoted still higher and the
demand continues good. There are no other
changes.
BEANS— $2 75(^2 90; Email Whites.
J2«J2 10; Large Whites. |1 s-«l 95; Pinks, J2 50
©2 60: Reds. $2 60^2 75; Blackeye. $3 15@3 25:
Butters, nominal; Limns, $2 75#2 85; Pea, Jl SO
©1 90: Red Kidneys. 12 50@2 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 50g5 per ctl;
Yellow MuFtard, $4 25; Flax. $2@2 05; Canary
Seed 2W.@2%c per lb; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
2Vii2 ! Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy, 1 6@sy«c.
DRIED PEAS— Jl 75©2; Green. $2®
2 10 per ctl. :-.'.';■■':■ ■
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes, especially shipping kinds, are lower
and weak. Onions are about the same.
Tomatoes and Corn are lower. Squash and
Cucumbers are dull and plentiful. -".:.; \
POTATOES— 4S® f>Se In sacks and 60@S0c In
boxes for Early Rose and 45960 c In packs and
Gs(g9oc In boxes for Burbanks; Salinas Bur
banks. 65®80c.
ONIONS— «S<7iSBc per ctl for red and 70gS0c
per <-tl for yellow.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 2%c: String
Beans. 2®>4c per lb; Lima Beans, 4@sc; Bay
Squash. 2&960 c; Green Peppers. 50<i575c for Chile
and $ligi 50 for Bell: Dried Peppers, s©6c;
Cabbage, 50c per ctl: Carrots, 30fj'50c per sack;
Bay Cucumbers. 25<g-4Oc; Vacavllle Tomatoes, 40
((-,:'.•< ; Los Angeles. 75c(a$l per box; River To
matoes, $1 25® 1 50; Green Corn. 75c@U per
sack for VacavllU, Wai 50 per crate for Ala
meda and 75@85c for Berkeley: Garlic, 2@3c per
lb; Green Okra, 40<g65c: Egg Plant, 60c@$l
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
I sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25 lbs; sliced
I desiccated, iGtfriSc; granulated. raw, lie;
1 Onions. 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes. 60c.
POULTRY AND OAME.
A car f>f Eastern came in, and salea were
made at $6©* 50 for Hens. There were no arri
vals of local stock worthy of note.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13@15c for Gob
blers and 12^?13c for Hens; young Turkeys.
18c: Geese, per pair. 7r>c@Sl: Goslings, Sl l^
1 25; Ducks, S3@3 25 for old and S3<3>4 for young;
Hens, S4(gs 50; Roosters, young, Ss®s 60; Roos
ters, old. »4@4 50; Fryers. S3<t4; Broilers.
:'■'. 00 for large; J2'h'.' 50 for small; Pigeons,
JKfl 1 25 per dozen for young and old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
•
All kinds remain about aa previously quoted;
Butter is In fair supply.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 20o; seconds,
18«rl9c.
Dairy— to fancy. 17@lSo; common
grades, 16@16c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, H@lsc per lb;
Elcln. nominal.
CHEESE— mild new, B©9c; old, 7©
7V4c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young America.
BV-«i*Uc; Eastern. 12®13c.
EGGS— Ranch Errs, ISIP2IC per dozen; store
EfTSfi, 13' ''c; Eastern, 13^T16c spot, and 18c for
fancy to arrive; Duck Eggs, IMi 17c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The canners are paying great prices this year.
Yesterday they bid as high as $70 per ton for
Apricots to arrive, and will pay $100 per ton
for Cling Peaches, If there are any to be found
In the State, which Is doubtful. . Bartiett Pears
have also advanced, and iV, inch stock will sell
at $35 per ton without difficulty.
Ripe Gropes are steady, but poor and green
stock drags. Melons continue to decline. No
Currants of any consequence came In yester-
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $4©5 per chest for large and
for small..
: Figs, per box for single and $1 25 for
double layers.
Cantaloupes, $2 60®4 -»r crate and $1 2&31 SO
per box; Nutmegs,- $1 2332 per box; Water
melons, |f@ls per hundred. ■
. Huckleberries, — ■ per lb..
Red Nectarines, 76c@$l 25; White Nectarines.
50<565c per box. „ .. all I
Fontainebleau Grapes from Vaeaville. 40cjB*i
per box and 50c@$l per crate; Black Grapes.
76c per box.
Blackberries. $3@4 60 per chest.
Currants.' nominal. _.. ■ _ ,_,_. !
Plums. 40<565c per crate and 25500 c per Box.
In bulk. $10 per ton. —-« , »««
>«ricot«, 40^60°%r box and $40@70 per ton \
"peaches. 25ff75c per box: 6Ocosl per basket: In
bulk, to canners. $30040 for Freestones and $70 j
©100 nominally for Clings.
Crabapples, 25^60c per box.
Raspberries, $4<iT7 per chest. „
'/-'"les, 559600 for common, and 75c©*i per
box for No. 1. . ,n'is,i%
Bartlett Pears. tWI 25 per box and »-m!*- )
per ton for No. 1. and s(Xß^sc per box for No. a.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges. $1 25@1 60 for St.
Michaels. $I@l 25 for Mediterranean Sweets,.
and 75c@$l 25 for Seedlings; Lemons. $1 ****
for common and $2 50®3 for good to choice.
Mexican Limes. $6: California Limes. 60c per
box: Bananas. $1 2502 per bunch; Pineapples.
$3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
There is a lull in the demand for new Apri
cots, though prices are unchanged. ;.> . ■
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 4H
©5c for 40-50's. 4V~'4'-e for 50-CO's. 3^-S4c for
60-70' s. 3Vi»T3Hc for 70%*; 1%03c for SO-!>0s; 2
«?2< / 4c for 90-100'n: P.-ncheg. 4fflsV..c; peeled. 10©
12Hc: new Apricots. B%@9Hc for Royals: old
Apricots. E®7c tor Royals and MTlOc for good
to fancy Moorparks; Evaporated Apple*. 6%W
7c; sun dried. 3<S'4e; Black Figs, in sacks. l@
2V4c; Plums. 4©4Hc for pitted and l"alHc for
unpltted; bleached Plums. sc: Nectarines, 2\i
4Hc for prime to fancy Pears, !V4®4V*C for
quarters and 3<S5V4c for halves, according to
color, etc. „„., ;
RAISINS— 2{?2>ic for two-crown. 2\n2\c for
three-crown; aii3Hc for four-crown. 3ig~4c for
Seedless Sultanas, 2H@3c for Seedless Mus
catels and $I@l 15 for London layers; dried
Grapes. lc '
NITS- Walnuts, 3®4c for hardshell, 4rf?6c for
softshell; Almonds, 3©4 c for hardshell, 6W7C for
softshell: Butf9c for paper-shell: Peanuts. 4@
6Hc for Eastern and 4V*c for California: Pe
cans, 6H<5Sc; Filberts. 9U«H0o; Brazil Nuts.
Btf9c per ib; Coc.oanuts. $4 50«5 per 100.
HONEY— Comb. 9®loc for bright and 6®7c
for lower grades: water- white extracted. 54®
6c: light amber extracted. 4\@sV4c per Ib.
BEESWAX-24@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 9o per It) for
heavy, 9V4c for light medium, 10c for light,
lie for extra light and 12@12%c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 10%®llc; Cali
fornia Hams. 9V4SIOc; Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11: Family Beef. $12; Salt
Pork, $9; extra prime Pork. $10; extra clear,
$17©>17 50; mess, $15; Smoked Beef. 12@12Hc
per Tb
LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per It)
for compound and 8c for pure; path), B%c:
California tierces, 6^c per Ib for compound
and 7c for pure; half barrels, T^c; 10-lt> tins,
8c; 5-Th tins, S';c. 2, .
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%«5.6-»4c; packages
less than 300 The— l-Ib palls. 60 in a case, 9%c;
3-lb palls, 20 In a case. BHc: 5-n> palls. 12 In a
case, BHc; 10-lb palls, 6 in a case. B%c; 50- rb
tins 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net BHc: fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7^c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7?4c per It).
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides are quiet and weak at the recent de
cline.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. lO^c; medium. 9%c: light. 9c; Cow
hides. 9#SVic; Stags. 6c; salted Kip. 9c; Calf.
9c dry Hides, sound. 16c: culls and brand?.
IV- dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf. l»c;
Goatskins, 27Vi<S30c: medium. 30c: winter, 10c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, lS<g2sc each; short wool.
30(g 40c each; medium. CMiHOc; long wool, 90c©
$1 10 each: Horsehides. salt. $2 25 for largo
and 1101 75 for small: Colt*, 50c: Horsehides,
dry, $175 for large and 75c@$l 25 for small;
Colts
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3%c per IT); No. 2.
2"Vie- refined. 4H04%c; Grease. 2c.
WOOL— Fall clips. Southern Mountain, 7@loc:
free Northern. 9*8 12 c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain. 12 months'. 9611 c: San Joaquln and
Southern 7 months'. 8®10c: Foothill and
Northern, free, 12®14c; do. defective. 10^12c;
Middle county. 13(8 10c; Humboldt and Mendo
clno 14@16c; Nevada. lOfiUo; Eastern Oregon,
Willie. Valley Oregon 15017 c.
HOPS— IS 97 crop. 9^l2Hc per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 4"-<?4'V; Wool
Rag?, nominal; San Quentin, $4 -'
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton: N«w Wel
lington. $S; Southncld Wellington. $7 SO: Seat
tle, $6: Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. i
$7 50' Cumberland, $10 25 In bulk and til 50 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate.
$7 60: Coke. $12 per ton In bulk and $14 In
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed ;
and* Fine Crushed. 7c: Powdered. €He; Candy
Granulated, 6c: Dry Granulated. C%c: Confec- :
tioners' A, 6%c; Magnolia A. 6^c; Extra C,
6%c: Golden C, 5%c: California A. S^c per lb; !
half barrels, >4c more than barrels, and boxes ;
Vie more. ' *- ■'
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Quotations for Hogs are again shaded. Sup
pile* are free.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6>40; second quality,
sH@<sc: third quality. 4%@sHc
VEAL— Large, 41'i'c; small, 6(g7c per tb.
MUTTON— 7%©Sc; Ewes, 7@7%0
per It).
LAMB— Spring. SflSHc per It).
PORK— Hogs. 4^<&4>ic for larg«, 4%®
4*Jc for medium and 4'u4 1 c for small; stock
Hogs. 2'ii3 l ie; dressed Hoes. 6@7Vic.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, July 25.
Flour, qr sks ... 11,32$ Middlings, sks .. 20
Wheat, ctls 93S Hay, tons 1,114
Barley, ctls 7,3i0 Straw, tons 20
Corn, ctls 375 Hops, bales "''-""•
Cheese, ctls 37 Pelts, bdls 120
Butter, ctls 207 Hides, no S3O
Beans, sks 240 Eggs, <1oj! 11,880
Potatoes, sks ... 4.559 Quicksilver, flsk. 315
Onions, sks £>00 Leather, rolls ... 60
Bran, sks 968 Lumber, ft 15.000
Wool, bales 271 Wine, pals 46,700
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 9,336 ' Bran, i>ks 7,399
Wheat, ctls 9,680 Hay, tons .„ ;'>. ; 6o
Barley, ctls 2.133 Wool, bale* 66
Oats, ctls fOO 1
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 100
UTAH.
Hay, tons 20j ■
THE STOCK MARKET.
There Is very little new In mining; stocks
nowadays. Work has been suspended In most
of the Comstock mines, and those that are still
Working are turning out nothing of importance.
Prices of shares are low and do not fluctuate
much.
I.«cal securities were more active at pre
vious prices.
The day of sale of the assessments of the
Sterling. Oolota and Monteclto mining compan
ies has been postponed to August 22.
The Lower Mammoth Mining Company of
Utah has declared a stock dividend of 25 per
cent from the stock In the treasury of the com-
pany.
The Mammoth Mining Company of Utah has
declared a dividend of 5 cents per share,
amounting to $20,000. payable August 1.
The Alaska Mining Company of Utah has
levied an assessment of 1 cent per share, of
which half a cent will be delinquent on August
6 and half a cent on September 6.
The assessment of $10 per share on the capi
tal stock of the North American Commercial
Company will be delinquent in that company's
office to-day.
The following ore shipments were made by
rail from the mines of Eureka district. New,
for the week ending July 7: Diamond, pounds,
03,410; Eureka Con. 30,670; Excelsior 95,800;
Jackson 10.580; Richmond 43,350; Silver Connor
26,200; Rocco 112,890.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
monthly dividend of 40c per share on Au
gust 5.
The Confidence assessment of 15c per share
will be delinquent at the company's office
to-day.
The official letter from the Sierra Nevada
mine for the past week says: Rlley tunnel—
During the week extracted 15 mining cars of
Ore from the fifth and sixth floors and de
posited It In the ore house at mine. The aver
age assay of samples taken from the face was
gold $13 81, silver 8.33 ounces per ton. Have
retlmbered the old Sierra Nevada shaft 15
feet during the week, making a total depth of
85 feet. The building for the hoisting works
Is progressing rapidly. The west crosscut from
the north drift, started at a point 15 north
from the tunnel line, was advanced 12 feet:
total 37 feet; face In hard porphyry. Have
discontinued said crosscut and started an east
crosscut opposite anil advanced It IS feet; j
face In clay with small seams of quartz. 900 i
level — West crosscut No. 6, at a point 100 feet i
north from crosscut No. 5, was advanced 100
feet; total length 214 feet; face In porphyry
and clay.
Chollar and Potonl (Brunswick lod»)— lncline
shaft No. 1-On the $00 level the Joint south
drift from the station has been advanced three
feet; total length 135 feet. This drift has been
stopped and from the Chollar north drift have
started east crosscut No. 1 and advanced It 26
feet; face in porphyry.
Gould & Ctiny-BMt * Belcher (Brunswick
lode)— Sutro tunnel level— The joint west cross
cut, started at a paint 194 feet north of the
tunnel line in the north drift, has been ad
vanced "19 feet; face In porphyry and stringers
of quartz.
Occidental Consolidated (Brunswick lode)—
At a point 60 feet north of the main station
the raise Is now up 78 feet. 17 feet having been
added (hiring the week. The drift between No.
1 and No. 2 upraise Jiaa been extended 10 feet;
total length, 19 feet.
For account of the Potosl Company the Ne
vada mill during the pnst week worked 7S t"n«
and LSOO pounds of ore. the average battery
assay of which was $J 64 In gold and 11.91
ounces of fine silver per lon. Shipped to the
United States Mint at Carson one bar of bul
lion of the par value of $1637 58, of which
$814 35 waa fold.
At the Alta mine they hoisted during the
weak 83 carloads of ore from the stope above
the 825 level, the average assay value of which
was gold, $12 41; silver, 6.31 ounces.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, July 25—2 p. m.
Bid Ask i „ Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds- ', "Oakland Gas.. 514 52
4s quar c0up.. 110%111% Pac Gas Imp.. 80% *>■*
4s quar . .l'»\110\ rac L C 0..... 49 —
4s quar new... 125*126% B F O & E... 86% -
Miscellaneous— San Iran ••••«■ ">*
Cal-st Cab ss. 112 — Stock Gas .... 13 —
Cal El 6i 125 — Insurance—
C C Wat 55... »7 100 Flrem's Fund.2oo —
Dup-st ex c... - -98% Bank Stocks- _
E L, & P 65. .128%- An * , 10 - C , al^T*7«ii.247U
F&CI Ry 65.114% - Bank of Ca1.. 243%24. %
Geary-st ft 5?. - 100 Cal SD & T.. 96 98
HC & S 5%5..100 105 FlrstN&t.....M -.
L A L, Co 6s. — 100 Lon P & A. ...if hi —
DO ntd 65.. 97 101 Mer Exchange 10 15
Market-ft 65. .124 - Nev Nat 8. . . .la 6 162%
Do l«t M 55..114%U5% Savings Banks-
Nat Vln 6s hits- 97% Ger 8 & L-. - 1900
NC NO !tv 75.104 - Hum S & L.1050 1160
NHy Cal 65.. 108 - Mutual Say. — 42%
NRy Cal 55. .102 102% S F Say T.. 480 -
NPC R R us. 100 102% B & I- 50.... - ™>
NI 1 CR R 65. 103 103 Security SB 300 . —
Oak Gas 5»....100 - Union T Co. 1000 -
Do 2d Is 55.. - 109% Street ,RallrOf««108, RallrO f««108
Om Ry 65...'. — California ....106*108.
P & O 6s 107 — Geary « —
P& Cl Ry 63.103 105 Market-st .... 53 —
Powell-st 65. ..119 — PreMdlo 8% »
Reno WI^&L..IOO — Powder—
Sac El Hy 58.100 — California -••-"? 160
3r.* N P 106% - E Dynamite... So -
SitrraßCal 6s. - 103 Giant Con Co. 48 48J4
Sl-of Ar 65..104%105U Vlßorlt 3 3%
S }• Cal 6s — 113 Miscellaneous—
BPC la eg SB.. 94 - Al Pa.- Awn.. 94 -
S P Br tin 114U1H% Ocr Ld Wks..llo -
S V Wat 45...102V4 - Hana P C 0.... 16H l« v
c; V Wat fiH...1174 — H C & S Co.. 23% M%
Stock Gas 6«: Abo — Ilntch S P Co. 60% 50%
Water Stocks— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. 50 — Nat Vln C 0... — J
Mann Co 60 - Oceanic S Co. 56% K%
Spring Valley. SR% 98V Pac A A.... 1% **
Gas & Electric— Pac Bot C 0.. ..100 104
Cent Gaslight. los — I Par Paint Co. 7 —
Mutual El Co. — 11 I
MornlnE Session.
20 Alaska Packers' Association, s 5.... M 25
8 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 B^%
16 do do -* ' b .
SO Hutchlnson 8. P. Co BO 25
60 Market-street Railway " -»
100 do do • *w i*7i
$2000 Market-street Ry Con Bonds 6s 114 50
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 67 00
10 Spring Valley Water "■
$1000 S P Branch Ry Bonds 1" -a
Street--  „
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 88 75
Afternoon Session.
20 Alaska Packers Association, 8 6 94 25
16 Giant Powder Con... « 00
10 do do il}.,^
10 Market-street Railway 63 IJVi
5 Oceanic Steamship Co 67 00
20 do do 66 7o
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 87 00
10 Spring Valley Water, b 6 98 .a
JIOOO S P Branch Ry Bonds 114 ■
20 Alaska Packers Association, s 6 94 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Afternoon Session.
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 75
40 do do " 62H
30 Market-street Railway 63 izv»
J3OOO Spring Valley 4<« l 2 ?i 4
15 Alaska Packers' Association 94 3. >,
$1000 Nevada Co N G 7s 104 TO
20 Oceanic Steamship Co « '5
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Crown Point ... 03 Ophlr 19
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher. 17 200 Sierra Nevada.. 48
hollar 17 100 Union Con 20
,400 Con Cal & Va.. as
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Afternoon Session.
300 (-hollar 17JC00 18
•>OO Con Cal & Va.. 37 1 100 Sierra Nevada.. 48
200 Oplrfr 19 '200 Union Con .20
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. July 25—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 03 Justice 04 06
Alta 08 09 Kentuck 03 —
Andes 05 06 Lady Wash ... — 02
Belcher — IS Mexican 11 12
Bert & Belcher 17 19 Occidental 50 55
Bullion 04 06 Ophir 19 10
Caledonia 20 21 Overman 03 05
Chollar 17 19 Potosl 17 19
Challenge Con. 12 14 Savage 12 13
Confidence 35 37 Seg Belcher ... — 05
i Don Cal & Va. 38 39 Scorpion 01 —
I Con Imperial .. — 03 Sierra Nevada. 49 50
! Con New York. - 03 Stiver Hill .... 04 06
Crown Point .. 04 C 6 Syndicate — 03
: Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard 145 —
Exchequer — 03 Union Con 20 21
' Gould & Curry. 05 07 Utah ........... 02 04
! Hale & Norcrs. 40 45 Yellow Jacket. 14 15
j Julia — 02 .
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Anna M. Tobbenboske to Henry Ach. lot on
S line of Pacific street, 66 W of Scott, W 56 by
S 47:SVi; $15,000.
Horace J. and Elizabeth W. Moody (by R.
I Whelan. Sheriff) to J. H. Meredith, lot on
NIC comer of First avenue and Jackson street,
N 52:6, B 207, S 75, TV 206:3; V- .
Same to same, lot on NE corner of First ave
nue and Jackson street, E 206:3, N 75, W to
First avenue, S 52:6; »--. • :"
J. H. Meredith to Margaret, wife of A. J.
Donovan lot on NE corner of First avenue
and Jackson street. E 100 N 64:3^. S\V 94:8%,
s M:2%; $3000.
James Johnson to Kathrlna C. Johnson
(wife), lot on N line of Fourteenth street. 310:1 i
W of Folsom. N to lot of land In 1115 I).,
203, W 40. B to Fourteenth at point 350 W of
i Folsom, E 40; also lot on S line of Creek lane,
218 6 E of Howard street. S 85, TV 37, N S6 to
point on Creek lane 156:2 E of Howard street,
; E 32:4; gift.
i Thomas A. • Graham to Joseph Goss, lot on
' W line of Shotwell street, 200 N of Eighteenth,
, N 2. by TV 122:6; $5.
John J. and Mary A. Curley to E. Louis
Winks, lot on E line Capp street, 65 S of Twen
■ ty-fourth, B 75 by E 115; $3100.
I James Johnson to Kathrina C. Johnson
. (wife), undivided one-half of lot on W line of
Church street, 57 N of Twenty-sixth, N 57 by
W SO; $1.
Henrietta, wife of Harris Lewis, to Frank
Pauson, lot on S\V line of Sixth avenue, 150 SE
of Howard street, BE BO by SW SO; $10.
Edward and Mary Kiely to E. Louis Wenks,
lot on NX line Of Harriet (Clinton) street, 200
SE of Bryant, sk 50 by NE 75; $6000.
Michael A. Lawto.i (by W. F. Sawyer com
missioner) to George S. Eastman, lot on \V line
of Connecticut street 206 S of Napa, S 25 by
TV 100; $970.
Francis M. Hawley to Solomon Getz, lot on
W line of Twenty-third avenue, 150 N of Cle
ment street, N IS by W 120; $10.
l>ollle B. and John S. Radovlch to Triumph
Loan Association, lot on N line of Clement
street, 82:6 E of Second avenue, E 25 by N
100; $150.
Dora B. Rodger* (Harris) wife of L. S. to
Henry Ford, lot on E line of Twenty-third ave
nue. 150 N of Point Lobos. N 75 by 13 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Carl Stahl, ■ lot on
E line of Nineteenth avenue. 150 N of J street,
N 25 by B 120; $10.
F. ,T. Mello to B. C. Dalton, lot on NW corner
of Thirty-seventh avenue and X street, TV 32:6
. by N 100: $10.
Mrs. Elizabeth Crulckshank to Fred TV. Mor
! rison, lots 11 and 14. block 45,, Sunnyslde: $10.
Luc Beaudln to Martin Mathleu, lot 5, block
9, Sunnyvale Homestead; $10.
Mary Foley to Elizabeth McNeil, lot on SW
line of Servia (Thirteenth) street, 224:6 nw of
N. NW 36:8 by SW 100, block 265. ON. and H.
i Tract; also lot on S line of Fifteenth avenue,
325 \V of N street. W 60 by S 100, block 306,
Case Tract; also lot on SW line of Twenty
eighth avenue, ISO BE of X street. SE 25 by
SW 100, block 517, Hay View Homestead; also
lot on B line of Michigan street, 100 N of 81
: erra, N 50 by E 100: also undivided half of lot
on SW line of Twenty-sixth avenue, 75 NW of
X street. NW 225:3. S 5111*4. SE 136:1%, SW
50, SE 75, NX 100, Bay View Homestead; gift.
Alameda County.
John P. Cleese Jr. to F. A. Losh. lot on W
line of Magnolia street, 17f, N of Thirtieth. N 25
by W US, being the north 2o feet of lot 11,
block Cl, Lands Peralta Homestead Associa
tion. Oakland; $100.
Benjamin Henley to Robert J. McMullen. lot
on X line of Adeline street. 1*4:6 N of Twenty
sixth, N M by B 127. block N, Northern Exten
sion to Oakland, subject to mortgage, Oakland;
$1200.
Ji.se Gutdo to John Felipe, lots 17 and IS,
block 38. Pan Antonio East Oakland; $1000.
James Johnson to Kathrlna C. Johnson, lot
on NE comer of C'laremont avenue and Sum
; mer street, E 27«. N IH:S, \V 236:6, S 159 to be
ginning, being lot 1, block H, Vernon Park
\ Tract, quitclaim deed, Oakland Annex; $1.
Same to s;une, lot on BBS line of Telegraph
av.nue. 316:6 Bw of Clift.m street, P\V 158:3
t.y SE DC*, being lot 2. block H. Vernon Park
Tract, quitclaim deed. Oakland Annex; $10.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
; A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
'■ Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
, free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit tha
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
llchts. dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
1 The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
reived ench day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, If any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), I. S. N.. In ohargfc.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Water* at Fort point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
| NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
| tba city ' front (Mission-street wharf) about
tw-nty-flve minutes later than at Fort P°tnt'
the helcht of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. JTI>Y M.
Sun rises ■:,.
Sun sots ii'ii'n' m
Moon sets "■"■ p "*'.
I Feet.
H W
3.5 10:01
3.4 10:59
H W
0.2 8:28
—0.3 9:38
—0.7 10:30
—1.0 11:10
2.3
2.7
3.C
3.9
4.2
4.4
4:3*
5:28
L W
10:05
1:18
2:25
3:25
I
6.4 1158
6.6
II W
5.1 6:26
3.2 7:30
3.2 8:31
3.0 9:31
0.7
:.:■
8:1
I 1:05
2:07
3:04
3:55
.:
6.7
6.9
6.1
6.2
NOTE-In the above • exposition of the tides
the early mornlnß tides are Blwlnjto left
hand l column and the successive tides of the
Savin the order of occurrence as to time. The
Second time column Rives the «condtUle of
the Jay. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right ..and column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
Klven are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey /harts. excpt
when a minus el(tn (-) precedes the helieht^
nnd then the number Riven Is subtracted from
the depth Riven by the charts. The plane of
reference 1" the mean of the lower low waters.
BTF.AMF.aS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. Jrom. Due -
Leelanaw St. Michael July «
i«
r -::::::::: SET?.* ji*n ".::::: SB
N£ffiStV.v-v rita •:::::::::::::: |
Crescent City... Crescent City }"{ "
Mackinaw Jaeoma j« v 2S
Arcata Coos Bay J« V "
Ban Bias ' SllS 11 " 8 ? Ju v "
Orizaba Humboldt j"J 5*
radii, S^lliijl
Czarina Seattle j™J »J
Columbia Portland Aug. 1
Pomona Ban Dlw Auk. 1
Tlllamook St. Michael Aug. 1
Grace Dollar... St. Michael *»*• l
Doric China and Japan Auk. 2
Steamer.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Columbia 'Portlan.l July 26. 10 am Pier 12
Coos Bay.. C ,.rt Au». 1. 9 am Pier II
TIME BALL.
Branch Hyfiragraphic Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chant" Exchange. San Francisco. July
The time* tall on the tower of the new Ferry
p. m. Greenwich mean tln«. p WEI^
Kn«lrn Opt'""'* TT. S. N ■ in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, July 25. .
Haw stmr Aztec. Trask. 31 days from Hong
kong via Yokohama IS days.
Stmr Sequoia. Thwing, 16 Hour, from Fort
rr ' Shlp' Louis Walsh. Gammons, 9 days from
T^ C -°r II a Aureola. Mercer. 5 days from Wlllapa
"srhr'' Defiance, Bloom. M days from Grays
Sch? r AmMhy t. Johanssen. 5 days from Wil
£chr Eclipse, Rrummer, 45 hours from Eu
re Schr Viking. Peterson. C 6 hours from Coo«
!chr Western Home, Olsen. 3 days from Coon
B !chr Monterey. Beck M hours from Bowens
Anderson, 2* days from Co
""schr^ampa. Petterson. 4 days from Gray-
H Schr r " Sequoia. Peterson. 33 days from San
M Schr S Al'ta'ir/ Olsen. 10 hours from Bodega |
Bay- CLEARED.
Monday. July 25.
Ftmr Columbia. Green. Astoria; Oregon Rail
mr n % N uVen Rat1 jTp,en. Victoria and Port I
Townsend: Goortall. Perkins & -Co Goodall. !
Ptmr Orizaba. Parsons. Eureka: Good all. ;
PBP Br "hip & Aca m as, Nelson. Royal Roads; Bal
four, Guthrle & Co.
SAILED.
Monday. July 25.
Ftmr Orizaba, ' Parsons. Eureka
Stmr Queen, Jepsen, Mctorla and Port
Town send.
Stmr Whlteshnro. Johnson. .^.^
Stmr Point Arena. Hans-en. Mendocino.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen. I
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— JuIy 25, 10 p. m.— Weather,
foggy; -wind. SW: velocity. 12 miles.
' CHARTERS.
The Alice Cooke loads lumber at Port Lud
low for Honolulu. loads -wheat on the Colum-
The Garnet Hill loads wheat on the Colum
bia River for Europe. 32s 6d.
SPOKEN.
Per Sequoia— July &-Lat 22 29 X. long 122 24
V>~ stmr Alice Blanchard. hence June 30. for
Cl July r i?"l'at a 3605 N. lor.* 42 W. Br ship Al
dergrove, from Tacoma. for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS..
The schr Free Trade was sold by the United
States Marshal to .1 C Hanson for *356.
The sale of the tug Tiger was postponed un
* LONDON, 'juljr ':'•'— I bark Tweesdale. from
Oregon and G*r bark Triton from London have
been In collision at Durban. Damage If any
not yet ascertained.
The latest telegram from v alparalso states
that ship Kenllworth had been burned, and
that Captain Baker and v\nt Officer Piper
and a boy named Hobson lost their lives. Snip
having been on fire 17 days.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed July Stmr Hueneme,
for San Francisco.
TA COM A— Sailed July 25— Stmr Mackinaw,
for San Francisco. July 23— Bktn Moltor, for
TACOMA— Sailed July 23— Bktn Moitor, for
' SEATTl^E— Arrived July 25— Sen Charles Nel
son, from St Michael. ! ' '; «. „._. „,
PORT ANGELES— In port July 2»— Ship Sin
tram, from Comox. for Dutch Harbor.
COOS BAT- called July 24— Stmr Fulton, schr
Gotoma, and schr Melancthon. for San Fran
° EUREKA— Arrived July 23— Stmr Fulton, fm
Coos ray: schr Mabel Gray, from Newport.
Sailed July 25— Stmr Chllkat. for San Fran
cisco: Ftmr Scotia, for San Francisco.
Astoria— Arrived July 25— Schr James A
Garfleld, hence July S.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 24— Bark Gerard C
Tobey, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived July 25— Schr
Newark, hence July 23.
FORT ROSS— Arrived July ?s— Schr La Chll
ena. hence July 21.
Sailed July 25— Schr La Chilena, for San
Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— July 25— Haw
stmr San Mateo, for Comox: stmr Alcazar.
PANAMA— Arrived July 13— Stmr San Juan,
hence June 20; Btmr Costa Rica, from Cham
perlco.
Sailed July 9— Stmr San Bias, for San Fran-
HAMBURG— JuIy 25— Ger ship Emllle. from
Oregon has been in collision. Damage not
known.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July 22— Br ship
Cypromene, from Oregon, and reports started
a rivet on May 12. from which she has been
leaking: ever since. .^____
SWISS-AMERICAN B/\NK
. Of Locarno, Switzerland, and
GERMANIA TRUST COMPANY.
(24 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
Paid-up Capital and Reserves, $620,000.
(O. T. Co.. $320,000.) (3. A. 8.. $300,000.)
A general banking business transacted. In-
terest paid on savings deposits. Loans on ap-
proved real estate security and on commercial
paper. The GERMANIA TRUST CO. is au-
thorized and empowered by the State of Cali-
fornia to act as executor, administrator, guar-
dian and trustee. Legal depository for trust
RECTORS— Ernst A. Denlcke. A. Sbar-
boro. J. C. Rued. E. Martinonl. F. C. Siebe.
A. Tognazzlnl. H. Brunner, McD. R. Venable,
A. O. Wloland. F. Kronenberg. Charles Mar-
tin. C. Oehret. P. Tognazzini. S. Qrandl. G.
R/ittanil. — mm
RAILKOAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausallto Ferry.
From Ban Franclisco, commencing May 1, Hit.
■ v WEEK DATS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael-7:0O. n-S"
•9:80,11:00 a. m. ; 1:45. 3:20. 4:00. 6:14. *«•<».
'■Extra^tripa for San Rafael on Mondaym.
Wednesdays. Saturdays and Sunday* at U.M
**" m " BUNDATS. ,_„.„- --.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael—^:oJ n*j,
•10:00. 11:00. 11: a. m.: 1:00. »I:4X •!.*>. "*•«*
«:JO. 8:45 p. m. . _ , ,
11:00 a. m. doe« not run to Ban R«ff el -
1:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentla.
THROUGH TRAINS. ..-.-.
7:00 a. m. week days— Caxadero and way ■»*»••
I:» p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way ™» ■*
8:16 plm. week days (Sat. ex.)-Toniales and
•^0 way Bunday»-Ca«adero and way stattona>
■:M a. m. Bundays-Casadero and 7»£.; t *g.9S
, >:4E O. m. iunJaya— Point Rexes and w»JE st» ■*.
RAILROAD TRAVEIi.
soiTllKlts I***:!**!!- 1 (OMPANI. F
(PAOirlQ MVHTKM.)
Trnlna If n» «• i\ml nr« «*••«* *•• nrrlTe Ml I
MAN I'UANVINCO. ■'-■■ ' -■ 1
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) |
.cave - From July 10, 1338. - arriti
•6-OOa NiT.f. S»,. Jose and Way Stations... *« : -«sa
7:OOa nicia. Hldana »nd Sacramento 10z43a
7:OOa Marysrille. (ir.jiilleaud Redding via
Woodland »'«P
7iOOa Elmira. Vacavilleand Uumsey s:43p
7 »3« a Martinez. San lUmon.Valiejo. Napa,
Call«t<** ami Santa Rosa •«•» *
HiOOa AtlantloKxPTes*, <>a>Un and Kast.. S:4^P
»i - .l«a San .lose, Stockton. Valley Spring,
lone. Sacramento, Mai>»»ilW>,
Chlco. Tehama and Red 81uff.... *'J*
H:HO\ Peters, Oakdale and Jamestown.... '••■'
•«:3Oa Milton ••••• # " 13 '
»i«oa New Orleans l .»pres«. Merced, Fres-
no, llakeralitlJ, Santa Itarl.ara.
Lob Ai.Kelen, Doming, El Paso,
New Orleans and F.ast 6i4Sp
IO:OOa ValKjo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:l.ip
•l:OOp Sacrmnento Kl»er Steam<rs... " :O i )p
. Han Jose. Nlles and Way Stations... JO: 1 3 A
B:wbr LWermore, MeDdoU, Hanford and
Vi«alia —• • 4:13p
LlTermcrc, Bsn Jose, Nilesand Way
Station* ■.;•;,••.• l0!l3 *
4>OOP Martinez, San lUinou. Vallejr.
Nam. ("»li«toga, Xl Verano aud
1 HauUKnsa ,',— "A' " lla *
4«06p Benioia, VacaTille, Woo. Hand.
Ki.lshts Landing, MarysvlUe. Oro-
Title ami .Sacramento.. l °\*\*
4«30p Nllea. San Joso, Tracy and Stockton ' •*»'
4:80p Stockton and Lodl ■■■■■ I«il»p
i»3apLatlirop,, Modesto, Merced, Fresno.
Mojare, Santa Barbara and J.os
Auuri™ ••' V " 7 " 3 *
4:30p Martinez. Merced (Raymond for
Yonemlte) and Fresno IS.iap
4.SOP Santa 1" Route. Atlantic Kiprea*
for Moju.e ami Ka5t.............. ««*
«iO»r Hilliiiwn Mali. Ogden and Kast.... ••■J
•SiOOp Vallejo ■ • -."J?f
fl:OOp llaywarda. Nllr« an.l San J05e...... '•*»».
J7iOOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Bta-
tlons I; »»•••» f
StOOpOregou Sacramento. Narys.
»llle, Ked.li..*. Porthiud. Puge*
__. Sound ami Kast •• »■">*
' SAX LKA.NUUi) AMI lUVWAUDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 HelreNF. Seminary Park, 7i'l"^
8:00 a Klt«hlinr«, Klmharst, io-JSa
O:O0a Ban I^anilro, South Sum liUst
i.?"SSt Leandro, »tn.lUlo, ia,45
• lioOM Loremo, Cherry «1:45p
- '.toop llaynards. «»:«p
7s«Op < Buns through to Nile*. 7:43p
) t From Ntles. I
: COAST DIVISION (.Narrow (.an^e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
""t~x43A SanU Cruz Kxcur»ion, SanU Cruz ~~~
U and Principal Way Sutions J«t«3p
Bsl3ANewark,CeßterTJlle,SanJoee,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Sauta and Vi ay
BUtlons Bl3op
•8»13p Newark. Ceuterrille. Ban Joae, New
Almaden, Felton. Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •••• *10:.»Oa
4:13P Ban Jose. Glen wood * Way Stations 9*o*.
q4:l»pßonider Creek and SanU Cmi JU:2<U
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaSlK mi(CISCO-r»«t of Markit Siren (Slip I)-
•7:15 9:00 11 :00a. U. 11:03 '2:00 13:00
•i':C3 t6:OQ *6:00p.»I.
Fr»«OiIUID-ro.t»fßr»»dw»7.-'6:00 8:00 10:00 i.M.
1 12:00 »l:00 t2:00 *3:00 t«:00 '6:00 r.ii.
1 COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Townscnd St«.)
•7:«0a San .lone an.l Way SUtlons (New
Almade.i Wednesdays 0n1y)....... l«80p
17:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Crux. Pacific Grore and
Principal Way SUtlons .- . . . t«i«»
•:oOa Han .!..•» Tr«s rim*. Santa Crux,
Pacilic f!ro»e. fasti Rubles, San
Lulu Oliisoo. Ouadaltipe. Surf aud
Prlnci|«il Way Stations A' l9r
IO:40a San .lose and Way IMatioM !5 : 2? 4
lIIBWA San me an.l Way Stations »»:*3a
•3:43pS»n Mateo. Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. SanU Clara, San .low.
Ollroy, Hollister. Santa Cms,
Salinas, Monterey and Paclßo .
(; r ,,, e MOiBBa
•:i:S«p San .lose and Way Stations .V *9:«Oa
•4«15p San Jojeau.l Principal Way Stations 9i4.1\
•3:«»«p San Jose and Principal Way Sutions 6M3a
»i»»p San .lose ami Principal Way SUtloui 3:30p
«:nop Ban Jose and Way Stations 7:3»p
t11;43r San Jose ....I Way Stations 7t3op
A for Morning. P fur Afternoon.
• Hiindarit exeepteil I Sundays only ♦ Saturdays only
I Sunday* and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
UN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tljmm V»m. ¥—t «i M*rk*t S*.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL
WEEK DAYS-7:30. !»:00. 11:00 am-; U.Xi.
8:30. S:l0. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at 1»
and 11:30 p. m. . „ ..„
SUNDAYS-8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:10, UK
6:00, 620 p. m. TO BXS FRANCISCO.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN. FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 a. m- : 11.4^
3:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at
1:65 p. m. and 6:35 p. m. ;
SUNDAYS— B:IO. K:4O. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 8:49.
6*oo 6*25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and SchueUen Part
same schedule as above. ■
Leave I Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
June 29. - — ■ — •
Week i Sun- 1898. Sun- I Week
Days. I days. \ Destination.! daye. f Days-
7:iu am! S:00~am " Kovatol l0":4O ami 8:40 am
1:30 pro 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:10 pm 10:3 a am
6:10 pro. 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. IJBpm 6:23 pin
I Fulton, '
7:30 am Windsor. 10:» in
Healdsburts.
Lytton,
Geyservllle.
8:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 1 7:38 pm| »:H pra
: 7:30 am Copland and (1j:2o( 1j:2o am
S:3O pmt 8:00 amf Uklah. 7:35 pm! 6:22 pm
! TT3Taml ] 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 Dm ' .. L^ 6:23 P ™
, TT3i7ini 3:60 am Sonoma 10:40 am »:40 an*
I and 
6:10 pm( 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
t:SO ami 8:00 ami Sebastopol." 110:40 amilO:2s am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| 1 7:3 a pm| 6.23 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
I Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs;^ ' Oey-
servllTe for Skaggs Springs ; at Cloverdals for
the Geysers; at HopUnd for Duncan Spr-ngs.
Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad
EDrinKS Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs. .Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel :>ell Lake. Lppar
Lake. Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's. River-
side, Llerley's. Buckneirs, Sanhedrln Height*.
Hul ville. Boonevllle. Orr's Hot Springs. Men-
doclno City. Fort Bragg. Wentport. I. sai.
; Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at
i On C S d und a ays' round-trip tickets to all point.
' ■Beyond San Rafael at half rates.
: Ticket Offices. «S0 Market »*.. Chrpnlrl- Vl*.
A. W. FOSTER. „*• X- RT^-;-,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pajs. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO,
Every Dny Pullman Palace Sleeping, Car*
C Tnd PuL-n Tour,, f^^^
Run on the Folio- In A Tmc^
Arrive Denver... -• . T.F.S.S.M.T W.
Arrive Kan... Clt>.. « » T . F . s . .M.T. W.
S v : cwcSo":::::^- -. t.f. 3 .5.m. t .w.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
«._ -__ v- «-~^
r>i. WILL "g" g rOMFOWTABLB
* U You Travel on the Santa P«»
Sll FRANCISCO TICKtISe— HI MARKET ST. :
TELEPHONE MAIN 15J1.
n»Vl*nd Offioe— lHB Broadway.
Swwatnto Offioe-201 J Street.
J«e Offioe-7 Vest Santa Clara Si,
THE SAN FRANCISCO and SAH JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June_l. IBM. tiaiM wilt rup as folIow » :
-iouth-bouni__ ______ North-bound.
~^Z^TT Mixed. Mixed. I Passen-
ger 1 Sunday Sta- Sunday . ger.
Pa^ly. Exc'pted tlons. Exc'pted Daily.
~~~.™ . m 9:00 am Stockton i 3:15 p m 5:40 p m
q-'ioarn 12:S0 p m Merced 12:50 pm 3:53 pm,
in : 40am 3:50 p m Fresno | 9:30 a m 2:20 p m
ii : 3s a m 6:45 p m Hanford I 7:45 a m I 2' p m
? : n m!ll:"0 p m B'k'rsfld I 1:10 a m 10:13 a m
12:05 pm ":50 pm Vlsalla ! 6:40 a m|12:55 p m
~ Stopping at intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 6
p. m. dally, excepting Sunday from San Fran-
cisco; at Merced with stages to and from
Snelllngs. Coulterville, Yosemlte, etc.: also
with stage from Hornltos, Marlposa. etc.: at
Lankershlm with staga to and from Madera.
HOUHT TAHALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via. S&usaiUu Ferry.)
Leave Ban Francisco, commencing Mar 1.
18SS:
Week Days— a. m., 1:43 and 5:15 p. m.
6undays-B:C^ 8:C0. 10:00. 11:30 a. in.. 1:45 ao«
IM p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agents. (31 Market
■treet. _ San Francisco. _
,WBBHy. ciililiALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
IN THE NAME
OF CHILDREN
Object to Powder Works
Near a Schoolhouse.
PETITION TO SUPERVISORS
COUNTY AID IS EXTENDED TO
THE HOUSELESS.
Sheriff White Makes a Requisition
That Recalls the Tragedy
in the Melrose Dis
trict, j
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July 25.
It is not probable that the people of
Melrose will again have a powder works
built in their midst and close to a school
houso. This morning a lengthy and
strongly worded protest was presented to
the Supervisors signed by 250 taxpayers
In the Melrose district. The petition set
forth the fact that last Tuesday "by the
deliberate act of one of the employes of j
the Western Fuse and Explosive Com- \
pany," a large number of persons were
Killed, the works, many dwellings, and the
echoolhouse were destroyed, and nearly j
every building and residence within a mile j
of the powder magazine was more or less
damaged. The fact is recited that it is
the intention of the company to rebuild
on the old site and to resume business In
explosives. Somo of the disadvantages of
powder works in a thickly settled terri
tory are set forth as follows:
We also desire to draw your attention to
the fact that the proposed new works will
be situated within 100 feet of the Melrose
public echool, and had said explosion oc
curred at a time when the school was filled
with children the . m of life would have
been terrible. We furthermore draw your
attention to the fact that a large and ex
pensive school building costing not less
than $11,000 Is about to be erected by the
citizens of Frultvale upon a site within a
hi. -n Quarter of a mile of said proposed
■works.
We further represent that the resumption
of business by said powder company at this
point will be detrimental to the lives and
property of the people of this township and
should not be permitted.
We also desire to draw the attention of
jour board to the fact that within a com
paratively short distance of these works In
another powder and fuse factory in a
thioklv settled neighborhood and near to th«
Lockwood public school, and that this fac
tory in like manner as that of the Western
Fuse Company U a continued menace to
lffe and property, and should be removed.
The petitioners then called the Super
visors' attention to the penal code section
referring to "crimes against the public
safety and health." '
The. practical side of the situation was
plainly set forth by the application for as
slftance of Mrs. Sibrian. Her home was
destroyed by the explosion, and she want
ed food and lodging for herself and four
little ones. Supervisor Talcott stated that
he had already assisted several unfortun
ates and he reported that the Alameda
Red- Cross Society was working among the
homeless.
Sheriff White also called up the explo
sion with a requisition for four pairs of
handcuffs and four deputy sheriffs r badges
to take the place of those destroyed with
the deputies last week. Edward Weidler
a deputy under Constable Koch, another
victim, filed an application to be appointed
Constable of Oakland Township. J. C.
"Williamson also applied for the same of- ,
flee. . j
KILLED BY A SNEEZE.
A IVhysician Thinks Mrs. Mat
tingly's Death May Have Been
So Caused.
KLAND, July 2S.— Eliza Mattingly, a
widow who lived with her only boy in
North Oakland, was found dead this af
ternoon in her home. Her boy, who is
about 11 years old, returned fro"m school
and on opening the door saw his mother
on the parlor 'floor, still warm but dead
According to .the testimony of I>r E h"
MuHer. the autopsy physician, the woman
had died of a ruptured heart, caused by a
sneeze, a laugh or a heavy cough
. I)r - Mv ; : ' I that" the woman's
h>nrt had burst from a sudden shock- it
was weak and the muscles were con
tracted and a hearty laugh or "a sneeze
would be sufficient to rupture the organ
As there were ne marks of violence on the
body, this theory was accepted by the
Lindeman Not a Burglar.
OAKLAND, July 25.-The charge of
burglary against Hugo Lindeman of Tern
escal was dismissed in the Police Court
this afternoon. Mrs. ICoore, the "com
plaining witness, told her story previously
published about Lindeman nr-.:l another
man breaking into her house a 1a 1 midnigh-
Lindeman, who is a wealthy young man
also repeated his story, aboii: hearing a
disturbance in the Moore house and go
ing in with his friend and off«nn? their
help. The court held that there waa nut
the slightest evidence to indicate a buiv
lary and discharged the defendant.
Will Ask for the Bridge.
OAKLAND. July 25.— County Clerk Jor
dan was to-day authorized by- the Board
of Supervisors to telegraph lhe Benvtarv
of War requesting that the time for the
removal of the Alice street bridge be ex
tended from August 1 for six month*
This action was taken on receipt of a let
ter from J. Kruttschnitt. general mana
ger of the Southern Pacific Company In
which he said that the count • could uee
the bridge after the tracks were rern
and that the company would eventually
demolish It, provided the Secretary of
War permitted it.
His Sanity to Be Tested.
BERKELEY, July 25.— William Barry of
West Berkeley, who was arrested last
wer-k upon four different charges of petty
larceny. Is thought to be insane. Barry
seems to have a mania for tearing up
ii sidewalks. He will be taken be
fore the Insanity Commissioners to-mor
row morning.
GRAPE-NUTS.
TWO STOMACHS.
The Upper for the Proteids and the
Lower for the Greater Part
of the Food.
Tt Is an interesting study to observe
how the digestion of food Is accom-
plished. The greater part of vegeta-
ble food Is starch and this is never di-
gested in the stomach proper, nor is it
affected by the pepsin in the upper sto-
mach.
Starch (a Carbo-hydrate) is passed
•ut of the stomach into the duodenum
•r second stomach and there treated
>y the pancreatic juices, when in time
* "?' fungi is grown from a
P « V i graln> if that has been eat-
en and these elements with moisture,
heat and time transform the starch
S?SiS3Kr r> whlch ls the first «*
Tli. -processes are duplicated in an
artificial or mechanical way in th*
manufacture of Grape-Nuts the new
Cerea aR Co f ■mad, by the Po 3 "™" ™
Mich ' ° f Battle Greek,
In this food one finds the delicate
sweet taste of grape-sugar and whin ;
eaten It will bo found to quickly digest
fatten and strength^ The y erfure
Its especial mission is to nourish and
rebuild the brain and nerve centers
A certain definite feeling of strength
and stamina comes to the individual
Sreakf a asr yB> ° f
Being a condensed food, one does
not require more than 3 to 5 teaspoon-
fuls at a meal, which is worth consid-
ering from an economical standpoint.
AS A BOY SAW THE FIGHT.
Apprentice Shaw of East Oakland Writes
With Pride From His Vessel, the Oregon.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, 908 Broadway, July 25.
C. A. Shaw, a member of the well-known East Oakland family
and who Is an apprentice on the Oregon, has sent from Guanta
namo some facts regarding the work of that splendid warship, which
form an interesting supplement to the news already published. He
says:
On Sunday morning, July 3. just when we were clearing the decks for
Sunday muster, a volume of smoke was seen rising from Santiago harbor
and a few minutes later two ships were sighted crossing the entrance.
General quarters were sounded and a six-pounder was discharged while
the Oregon's whistles were blown to alarm the rest of the fleet. Very soon
the Maria Teresa stuck her nose out of the harbor, giving the Oregon and
lowa her broadside, and sending shells all around us. The terrible Vlzcaya
did likewise, but we were not asleep, and our guns were soon working to
perfection. Next came the Cristobal Color* the pride of the Spanish
navy, quickly followed by the Almirante Oquendo and three torpedo boats.
Of the latter two seemed to go up in smoke, for we saw no more of
them from the Oregon, while the third went back Into the harbor. Our
fleet for a few minutes poured out a hot fire on the Spanish ships, but the
Texas and lowa soon fell behind. We made straight for the fleet, bring
ing all our guns to bear upon Its vessels. Shells were flying all over the
Oregon, but they seemed to do her no harm., and after our fire com
menced to take effect the shells rapidly became fewer. The Oquendo was
the first to take fire and was headed straight for the beach, followed
quickly by the Maria Teresa, also on fire. The Oregon was then turned
loose on the Vlzcaya and soon put her out of the fight. We were then go
ing at our very greatest speed, and I never saw a vessel clear the water
so fast. The last of the Spanish warships, the Cristobal Colon, was
ahead quite a distance. But when the Oregon's engines were opened out
and her 13-inch guns brought to bear on her we soon ended her career as
a Spanish fighting ship. We next had to attend to the prisoners, of
whom 800 were taken aboard the Oregon.
We captured a pig (not a Yankee pig), a dog, several kittens and
some chickens, and every mess on the Oregon now has a Spanish mascot.
The Oregon got the credit of destroying four cruisers and one torpedo
boat. I suppose the Union Iron Works people are as proud as peacocks,
and everybody on board the Oregon feels like adding a feather to their
cap.
LITTLE ORTH
RAISES A ROW
Some Prominent People
Called to Court.
MRS. PRESCOTT'S STANDING
MRS. SANFORD REFERS TO A
GRIEVANCE OF LONG AGO.
The Mother Has Suddenly Taken a
Violent Dislike to the Guar
dian Whom She Once
Liked.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, July 25.
Somewhat of a sensation was created in
Judge Hall's court room this afternoon by
the testimony of Mrs. Sanford, secretary
of the Society for the Prevention of Cruel
ty to Animals. The case on trial was that
of Mrs. Dora Orth, who is seeking to have
a new guardian appointed for her little
child. At present the child Is in the care
Of Mrs. Prescott of the Children's Society,
and Mrs. Orth alleges that she is dissat
isfied with little Fauritleroy's surround
ings.
Mrs. Orth, the mother of the pretty lit
tle boy, stated In her petition that she is
afraid that the child will be kidnaped and
taken out of the State, and also that a
few days ago she visited her boy at Mrs.
Prescott's house, found him sick, and in
the care of a young sick girl. On the wit
ness stand Mrs. Orth said many pleasant
things of Mrs. Prescott in answer to the
latter's attorney. She stated that it wan
at her own request that Mrs. Prescott
was made guardian of the child, that she
visited it once a week till two months ago,
that it was always contented, that last
Christmas she was so pleased with its
care that she gave nice presents to Mrs.
Prescott and her daughter as well as the
boy, and that only recently was she dis
satisfied. Mrs. Orth made no attempt to
hide the nature of the life she is living,
but stated that she was quite willing to
pay as Bhe is paying for the support of
her boy, but she wanted him placed in
other hands.
Then came the sensation of the after
noon. About a year ago Mrs. Prescott
and Mrs. Sanford, wife of the County
Treasurer, occupied the same office in the
Central Bank building-. Mrs. Prescott at
tended to the Children's Society and Mrs.
Sanford to the Animals' Society. For
some reason or other they parted com
pany, and this afternoon Mrs. Sanford
was a witness against her former com
panion. ; il" *
"Do you know Mrs. Prescott's reputa
tion for truth, honesty and integrity?"
asked ex-Judge Frlck.
"I do," said Mrs. Sanford.
"Is it Rood or bad?"
I "It is bad."
' "Why do you say so?
"Because I have heard many people
discuss their dealings with her,'.' ■
"Why did she leave your office?" This
Question was overruled.
"Is it not a fact that you requested her
to leave because you found her guilty of
Mrs. Sanford nodded her head in assent,
but the court overruled the question be
fore she gave a verbal answer.
Attoney Will White, formerly a Dep-
II tv Sheriff, was the next witness. He
testified that Mrs. Prescott's character
was bad. He said that while Deputy
Sheriff he had heard Deputy District At
torney Moore say that Mrs. Prescott was
■ i "hard case." He had also heard Pros
prutlne Attorney Melvin say that he
would not believe her under oath. M. C.
chapman was also a witness in the case,
and gave testimony: somewhat along the
line of Attorney White's.
Mrs Carrie Judd Montgomery, Attorney
Bradley, Colonel Dimpfel and several
others are. witnesses, subpenaed by the
petitioner.; . .
Mrs. Prescott, while not desirous of
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 26, 1898.
keeping the child against the mother's
wish, provided that it be placed in the
care or some worthy person, is deter
mined to controvert all that has been said
about her personally. Not long ago
Judge Greene paid Mrs. Prescott a very
hlph compliment from the bench, and It
is probable that he may be made a wit
ness in the case.
In all her former litigation over the
child Mrs. Orth has been advised by Dep
uty Constable Lent, who was a victim
of last week's explosion. It is partly be
cause she is robbed of his advice that
Mrs. Orth wants a new guardian.
Mrs. Presoott was the last witness and
the case went over for a week.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. July 25.— Dr. and Mrs. J.
M. Pierce of the First Baptist Church
have been chosen delegates from Berkeley
to the convention of the Northern and
Central California Baptists, which meets
at Twin Lakes, near Santa Cruz, the first
of next month.
The funeral of Mrs. Elizabeth Maxwell
Cameron was held this afternoon. The
services were conducted by the Rev. H.
H. Dobbins, the interment taking place
In Mountain View Cemetery.
BORING FOR WATER
IN BARREN HILLS
Berkeleyites Suffer, but the Water
Company Takes Its Time to End
the Drought,
BERKELEY, July 25.— Each day the water problem grows more serious,
with but faint hope of a satisfactory solution being reached within
the next thirty days, if then.
Complaints of residents are increasing; they see their yards and
gardens blighted because the precious drops that would save the plants
and shrubs and lawns and table vegetables from utter destruction must be
hoarded lest the people themselves be reduced to actual want. Fearful
householders keep constant watch on their stoves and grates, flues and
chimneys for the spark that might kindle a conflagration causing the loss
of the greater portion of the town because of the uselessness of the fire
apparatus through lack of water.
The danger of contagion has reached such a stage that It can no long
er be ignored and the meager water supply is being drawn upon to flush
the choked sewers after a primitive fashion. This is not done In the usual
manner, by turning on the water at the hydrant and giving the sewers a
thorough cleaning, and carrying off the accumulation of disease breeding
refuse to the bay. Oh, no. There is not near enough water for that. But
as a partial remedy, sprlnkltng carts are filled and drawn to each manhole
and the few hundred gallons poured Into the sewer— barely enough to soak
up the refuse, but not to carry it away.
It is admitted that this deplorable condition Is due, primarily, to the
exceedingly light rainfall last winter, whereby the usual water sources have
become exhausted. But the Alameda Water Company, which supplies the
town of Berkeley, comes In for no small share of blame (justly or unjustly)
for not taking proper steps long before this to provide a sufficient water
supply. Early in the spring it became apparent that unless arrange
ments were made for an auxiliary supply the present condition would en
sue. The water company began boring wells in the foothills and at vari
ous piints on the plain, but with the exception of one well on Shattuck ave
nue, the search has been practically fruitless, although to-day the com
pany receieved word that water had been tapped in Wildcat Gulch, two
miles from town at a depth of 190 feeet below the surface. The flow is but
little larger than a thread at present, though the company's officers are
hopeful that a larger flow will be tapped at a greater depth.
But the real complaint is made at the delay of the Alameda Company
in perfecting arfangements with one of the two Oakland companies for an
additional supply of water. Both of these companies have offered to Bell
water to the Alameda company, but as this would necessitate the erection
of a pumping plant, the latter concern has not seen fit to close with
either, trusting to the less expensive method of obtaining: a aupply from
the parched foothills.
The Dingee company of Oakland, which claims to have ample facilities
for supplying Berkeley in addition to its regular customers, submitted an
offer to the Alameda company some time ago to supply 300.000 to 500,000 gal
lons daily, to be measured by a meter. In order to accept thia offer the
Alameda people would have to pipe the water 13,000 feet and lift it 300 feet
into the Alameda company's reservoir. An expensive pumping plant
would have to be put in, and the Dlngee people estimate that it would re
quire two weeks to get it In working order.
The Contra Costa Company has submitted a somewhat similar proposi
tion, although the water would not have to be piped so long a distance to
connect with the Alameda company's system. It would have to be pumped,
however, to as great a height as the other.
The superintendent of the Alameda company to-day admitted that
both of these propositions were under consideration by his people, but that
so far nothing had been decided upon in regard to either. He said, how
ever, that some action might be taken this week and if it were it would
require less than thirty days to make the connection* and put up the
pumps.
Meanwhile Berkeley streets are becoming more dusty, Berkeley sewers
more filthy, Berkeley lawns more withered, and Berkeley dwellings mora
liable to destruction by fire. But there seeme to be no way of hurrying the
Alameda Water Company to a speedy solution of the drought.
GOSSIP LED
TO ASSAULT
Outside Issues Come Up
in the Blackburn Trial.
WAS A POLITICAL QUARREL
TROUBLE CAUSED BY USING A
LADY'S NAME.
The Court Intimates That the De
fendant May Be Held to An
swer to the Charge of
Felony.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July 25.
Many Interesting developments are
cropping up in the preliminary examina
tion of Leslie Blackburn, a politician, on
the charge of assalting \V. S. O'Brien,
another politician, with a deadly weapon.
The case opened before Judge Allen this
morning, with A. A. Moore appearing for
Blackburn and Prosecuting Attorney
Melvin for the State.
In his testimony O'Brien stated that he
and Blackburn had been brought to
gether by ex-Judge Frick, as the latter
was trying to locate the author of the
story that was derogatory to Mrs. Frick.
O'Brien said he had charged Blackburn
with originating the story, whereupon
Blackburn called him a liar and imme
diately drew his pistol. He did not shoot,
and Judge Frick prevailed on him to put
the gun back in his pocket. This occurred
last week in the Office saloon. O'Brien
said: "A party consisting of Mr. Frick,
Mr. Rohan and others started out to find
Blackburn and settle the dispute as to
who was the originator of the story. We
met Blackburn on Eighth street and
Rohan brought him to us, and then asked
me if I had told him that Blackburn
started the story about Mrs. Frick. I re
plied that I had, and he then drew his
gun."
Jack Rohan testified that after O'Brien
had told him the story that was in cir
culation regarding Mrs. Frick he thought
the lady ought to know it and the man
circulating it should be made to prove his
statements. Mr. Rowan, who had heard
from somebody that Mr. Blackburn had
eald something about Mrs. Frick, then
told a Mr. McDonald to tell his wife to
tell Mrs. Frick what had been said about
her, and In this circuitous fashion the
story reached the lady most concerned.
The witness said that he would have told
Judge Frick but he was away at the
time. He then detailed the circumstances
connected with the alleged assault.
Attorney A. A. Moore then asked for
a dismissal on the ground that there was
nothing to show any attempt to shoot or
that the revolver was loaded. Judge
Allen differed from counsel and said
enough evidence had been produced to
warrant holding Blackburn for trial un
less (/improved by the defense. The case
was then continued until to-morrow
evening, at which time the defense will
put on Its witnesses.
Public Schools Open.
OAKLAND, July 25.— The public schools
opened to-day after the summer vaca
tion. There was a full attendance of
teachers, but many of the pupils have
not yet returned from their outing trips.
Over 400 registered at the hlph school,
and, as many do not put in an appear
ance the first day, it is expected that the
attendance will be nearly fino this fall.
Half a dozen are from the Sandwich Isl
ands and others from outside private
schools.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, July 25.— Dr. J. M. Shan
non was the first physician in this city
to comply with the law in placing a 10
cent revenue stamp upon his certificate j
of birth filed with the secretary of the i
Board of Health.
City Auditor Snow refuses to draw a '
warrant for the $499 appropriated by the i
City Council for Company F, claiming
It to be Illegal. He offers to pay $25 to
a public subscription fund to raise the
amount.
Margaret Schwab, arrested for stealing
a bicycle, was discharged by Judge Clift
on the testimony of Drs. Mehrmann and j
J. H. Todd. They declared her incapable
of forming a criminal Intent to steal, but j
not a fit subject for an insane hospital.
Constable John F. Cronin of Oakland :
to-day filed the appointment of Fred ;
Murdock as a deputy. Murdock was
formerly assistant chief of the Fire De- I
partmeiit.
ASSAULTED
BY A RUFFIAN
Dr. H. H. Hart's Daughter
the Little Victim.
SHE WAS ONLY SIX YEARS OLD
AN OLD PAINTER LURED HER
BY MEANS OF CANDY.
Wild Excitement in the Western Ad
dition Over the Dastardly Deed.
There Was Some Talk of
Lynching.
There was talk of lynching last night
in the ./estern Addition. The neigh
borhood of Bush and Octavia streets
was greatly excited over 'he report of
a ruffianly assault on the six-year-old
daughter of Dr. H. H. Hart, residing at
2236 Bush street.
When the doctor returned home last
Saturday evening he was informed that
his little girl had been basely used by
a miscreant whom he recognized from
the description as a painter employed
in the house. He was told that the
fellow had enticed th>? girl by means
of candy and other childish baits into
the front parlor ard there subjected
her to gross insult.
The doctor did not hesitate an In
stant. He sallied out to find the fellow,
and the police were also Informed, but
in some manner he managed to elude
their search.
Yesterday morning, however, he re
turned to finish the painting at which
he was employed at the family resi
dence. The doctor immediately tackled
his man, and on his repeated denials of
guilt, administered such a thrashing
that it is expected he will have to seek
other medical attention before he can
emerge from his hiding place.
The police in the meantime were on
his trail and he was arrested by Officer
Isaacs, who has the day beat in the im
mediate neighborhood. In some way,
however, he managed to escape, but
it is believed he - 111 shortly be recap
tured and flttiner punishment meted
out for his dastardly deed.
The doctor said last night that while
he regretted any publicity in the mat
ter, he was happy that the affair should
be known as not worse than it might
be represented. He had closely cross
examined his daughter and had sat
isfied himself that while gross liber
ties had been taken by the scoundrel
yet the little girl's health was not per
manently Impaired.
The man is dcs -ibed as between 55
and 60 years of age, wearing long whis
kers, and is engaged as a painter.
Police Officer Alexander stated that
he is satisfied from the description fur
nished him by the little victim that he
knows the assailant. He said last night
that it was undoubtedly a painter who
was concerned in a similar outrage
committed about three weeks ago in
North Beach. Alexander was employed
on that case and declares that the man
is morally perverted so as to be a men
ace to the community.
PACIFIC LODGE CELEBRATES.
Entertainment and Dance in Honor
of Its Twenty-First An
niversary.
OAKLAND, July 25.— Pacific Lodge, A.
O. I". \\\, celebrated the twenty-first an
niversary of Its organization to-night
with a liternry entertainment and dance
In Chapman Hall. '. c programme was
of the highest order and was greeted with
a large audience.
Since organization twenty-onp years ago the
lodge has paid siok benefits to 175 members,
aggregating $19,501. Over $2500 has been given
in charity and over $98,000 dletributed to the
heirs and deceased brothers, making a grand
total of $120,000.
The present officers of the lodge are: Past
master workman, K. W. Marston; master
workman, B. "W. Marlln; foreman, George C.
Hunt; overseer, James A. Plunkett; recorder,
J. S. Gilmore: financier, A. Kemp; receiver,
E. J. Fennon; guide, W. H. French; inside
watchman. Jepp Jorgensen; outside watchman,
F. J. Ball; trustees— C. J. Reed. E. "W, Mar
str>n. W. J. Petorson; organist, Robert Hall;
medical examiners— L. K. Kelly. M. D.. ; L.
R. Webster. M. P.: R. L. Hill Jr., M. D. ; F.
W. W. Hulme, M. D.
The committees in charge of to-night's
affair were:
Arrangements — J. S. Gllmore, E. .T. Fennon,
E. TV". Marston, H. W. French, Robert Hall.
Reception— C. R. Haawell, B. W. Marston,
George C. Hunt, M. A. Mclnnla, Dr. Ray E.
Glleon.
Floor— H. TV. French, George A. Bowder
smlth. Thomas Wike.
Floor director— W. J. Peterson.
On July 24, 1577, the lodge was organized at
Masonic Hall by H. G. Pratt. L. B. Baker,
Charles G. Reed, C. C. Palmer. William Win
nie, A. Harmon, I. G. Hall, H. T. Smith. R.
C. Fisher, L. M. Prince, George Fulton, W. H.
Jordan, Charles P. Ward, C. O. Fuller, W.
TV. Landon, J. E. Howe, W. G. Brown, C. O.
Park, F. C. Barkhouse, J. R. Porter, A. A.
Guernsey. A. Barrows, Charles E. GrofT,
George E. Hawkes and Is. B. Baker. Of these
twenty-three but five remain on the rolls of
the lodge to-day.
■ ♦ ■ _
Rev. Mr. Burris' Funeral.
ALAMEDA, July 25.— The funeral of the
late Rev. Benjamin Franklin Burris will
take place on Wednesday afternoon at
1:30 o'clock from the M. E. Church South
on Chestnut street. The services will be
conducted by Rev. Dr. Simmons and the
Odd Fellowß, of which deceased was a
member, will participate.
McCleave Is Safe.
BERKELEY, July 25. — News has
reached the family of Captain McCleave of
North Berkeley that Lieutenant Robert
C. McCleave Is safe. When the list of
those killed or wounded before the en
gagement at Santiago was published, the
name of McCleave was found to be among
them. Telegrams were at once dispatched
to Washington asking if further particu
lars were forthcoming-. As none could be
obtained Lieutenant McCleave was
thought by his family and relatives here
to have fallen in the attack on Santiago.
To-day, however, a letter came from
Lieutenant McCleave himself, written
from Santiago, and dated July 3. It stated
that he wbs riuite safe at the time, and
that preparations were being made for
another battle when the surrender came.
AT A BOUND TABLE.
Interesting Social Gathering of the
Women's Press Club.
A social gathering of the Women's
Press Club Association was held yester
day afternoon in Shasta Hall, N. S. G. W.
building.
The meeting, a "round table," was char
acterized by a delightful informality that
served to put aJI participants at their
ease and draw from each and every one
their very best efforts. Impromptu talks
on twenty subjects, patriotism and the
war coming in for the greater part of the
attention, were the principal features of
the afternoon.
Mrs. Marshall, president of the associa
tion, presided at the meeting and Mrs.
Reamer had entire charge of the "round
table."
Among the speakers of the afternoon
were Mrs. Skklmore, Mrs. Kingsbury
Cooley, Mrs. Eyster, Mrs. Marshall, Mrs.
Hart, Mrs. Dickinson and Mrs. Reamer.
The next social gathering of this club,
which will also be a "round table" affair,
will be held on th« fourth Monday in
August.
PUGS READY
FOR PUNCHING
Physical Culture Exhibi
tions to Take Place.
FISTICUFFS ARE IN FASHION
ALEXANDER GREGGAINS' PART
NER ELOPED WITH COIN.
Friendly Advice for Leaden Legged
Jeffries, Which, if Taken,
May Save Him From
a Thumping.
The Excelsior Athletic Club Will hold its
next boxing entertainment at "Woodward's
Pavilion on Thursday evening.
Hitherto the club has confined Itself to
amateur exhibitions, for which the Board
lof Supervisors exacted no license fee.
! Now the sum of $100 is demanded, and the
club hns determined to include profes
sionals in its physical culture programme.
Following is the card that will be sub
mitted on Thursday night:
Heavyweights — Twenty rounds; Joe
; Kennedy of the Bxcelsior Club and Billy
! Allen of Fresno. The winner to be
! matched against Greggains or Stelzner.
Light heavyweights, 165 pounds—
Murphy and Jake La Rue will box ten
rounds.
Middlewelghts, 154 pounds— Reay
and Phil Green; ten rounds.
The admission fee is fix at $1 for re
served seats and 50 cents general admis
sion. The managers of the club announce
that patrons of the game will find little
difficulty in securing their seats, as com
petent and obliging ushers have been se
lected to look after the comfort of the
sporting public.
Jack Stelzner is rather disappointed be
cause a second meeting between him and
Greggains looks very slim. The fireman is
not averse to a meeting, but he is so en
grossed in politics now that it will be sev
eral months before he can settle down to
a course of training. Greggains partner
in the saloon business eloped recently
with the proceds of the till, amounting to
'between $300 and $400. and as a result a
new Senator for Greggains' district will
have to be named very quickly.
Martin Murphy, the popular Boniface of
12 Mason street, has unearthed a 1 most
prominent candidate for heavyweight
championship honors. The name of the
unknown that Murphy has under his
wing is said to be Manuell— a Portuguese
of great frame and a preponderance of
muscle. Martin Is confident that he has a
V)T*f*n (i win
Tom Tracey is said to be building up
flesh at his training quarters for his con
test with P. McConnell. According to
agreement, the fighters have signed to
box at 145 pounds, to weigh in at 3 p. m.
on the day of the fight. McConnell la
training hard at Blanken's with the object
of being able to weigh in at or below the
figures mentioned. As the San Fran
ciscan is growing In weight, he will find
it a by no means easy task to scale 145
pounds on August 5. Tracey's friends
state that the Eastern lad will fight at
not over 140 pounds, but then at this
weight he should put up a stiff argument.
Tommy Ryan is anxious to meet the
winner of the Tracey-McConnell fight.
Rvan has a predilection for soft snaps.
What's the matter with Ryan going the
black demon Walcott a twenty-round
bout?
Peter Jackson has put in an appearance
on the street again. Peter is looking
first-class and may soon be afforded an
opportunity to try his fists once again
on some of the heavyweights who are
"boiling" for a scrap in and about New
York.
If big Jim Jeffries cannot stir up more
foot work than he showed in his fight
with Sharkey, he will have his hands full
stopping two big men in one evening.
Jeffries requires considerable more dash
in his fighting before he can afford to
meet either McCoy, Corbett or Fitz.
Any one of these men can chop him to
pieces.
Jack Daly Is reported to be seriously
ill with malarial fever at Staten Island,
N. Y.
Jimmy Murphy, brother of Australian
Billy Murphy, recently died in Johannes
burg, South Africa. Jimmy visited this
city some years ago, but never scored a
success as a fighter.
Now that "Honest" John Kelly has re
fused to act as referee of the Corbett and
McCoy fight in New York, the sports
have concluded that there Is a screw
loose somewhere and that something is
doing— not for the love of the sport, but
for the coin the fighters expect to bag.
Here are the latest measurements of
Jim Corbett and Kid McCoy:
Me Coy. Corbett.
25 year? Age 32 years
1f,9 lbs Weight 182 lbs
5 feet 10% inches Height 6 feet 1 inch
76 Inches Reach 74 4-5 inches
32 inches Length arm.. 32 4-5 Inches
14 Inches Biceps 15^4 inches
liy. inches Forearm 14',-i inches
7% inches Wrist 6 4-5 inches
16 inches Neck 18 inches
35 inches Chest, con 38*4 inches
41 inches Chest, ex 42^4 inches
It will be seen that Corbett has all I
the best of it In everything except reach
and size of wrist.
Harry Corbett expects to see his
brother Jim in New York in the very near
future. Harry is out for business. J
Betting is about even in New Tork
that "Mysterious" Billy Smith will chew i
off one "of George Green's ears before |
their fight comes to an end. The contest j
takes place Friday night.
STORAGE RATES.
Southern Pacific Fixes Demurrage
and Storage Charges for the
Pacific and Oregon Lines.
J. Kruttsehnltt, general manager, and
J. C. Stubbs, third vice-president, of the
Southern Pacific have Just issued a cir
cular to their agents in regard to stor
age and demurrage charges applying at
all stations on the Pacific system and
Oregon lines and to go Into effect on
August 1.
If three days after the notice Is served
the property Is uncalled for, a storage
rate of 5 cents per 100 pounds for the
first thirty days or under will be charged; j
in excess of thirty days in the same pro
portionate rate. The minimum charge is
lixed at 25 cents for ,?ach thirty days or
fractional part thereof. The company re- '
eerves the right at the expiration of the
three days after service of notice to place I
goods in any suitable warehouse, subject
to established charges at said warehouse
and at owners' insurance and other risks. |
For commodities In carloads demurrage
will begin after the expiration of forty- !
eight hours following 7 a. m. of the next
day after service. An exception Js made
as to coal, seventy-two hours after ser
vice of notice being allowed. The de
murrage charge will be $1 per car for
each twenty-four hours or part thereof!
for freight In carloads or on which car- |
load rates apply. The company reserves
the right to allow the freight to remain !
In the cars and charge demurrage or un- j
load at expense of consignee and there
after hold subject to storage.
JACOB C. JOHNSON'S ESTATE.
Appraisement Shows It to Be Worth
Nearly a Million.
The Inventory and appraisement of the
estate of Jacob C. Johnson was filed yes
terday. The estate is valued in its en
tirety at $930,394 S4. The largest specific
holdings are as follows: Money in bank,
$80,520 74; two lots and improvements on
Market street, near Fifth, valued at $145,
000; one lot and Improvements on Front
street, near Pine, valued at $55,000; one lot
and improvements on Bush street, near
Mary lane, valued at $36,000; one lot and
improvements on the corner of California
Btreet and Van Ness avenue, valued at
$57,000; tract of land near Redwood City,
valued at $75,000; 800 shares of the capital
stock of the Spring Valley Water Works,
valued at $78,400; 3114 shares of the capi
tal stock of J. C. Johnson & Co., valued
at $103,800; 445 shares of the capital stock
of the California Safe Deposit and Trust
Company, valued at $44,590; 50 bonds of
AUCTION SALES.
BOOKS! BOOKS! BOOKS!
THIS EVENING, AT 8 O'CLOCK,
Absolute Sale Without Reserve.
REMAINDER OF LIBRARY OF I. 0. 0. F.
10.000 VOLUMES 0T STANDARD LITERATURE.
Must be sold on or before WEDNESDAY.
July 27. Fittings, furniture and miscellaneous
effpcts will le s<>]d Thursday, July 2S. 2 pm.
FRANK W. BCTTEHFIELD, Auctioneer.
On View After 9 a. m.
the Northern California Railroad Com
pany of California, valued at $50,400; 20
bonds of the Presidio and Ferries Rail
road Company, valued at $20,000; 10 bonds
of the Los Angeles Lighting Company,
valued at $10,000. The rest of the estate
is composed of small real estate holdings,
promissory notes and other personal prop
erty. The estate was appraised by
Charles P. Le Breton, H. M. Covert and
John M. Hooper.
In the Divorce Courts.
Mrs. I. M. Roberts was granted a di
vorce from H. W. Roberts yesterday on
the ground of failure to provide. Lillio
Brown has applied for a divorce from
Henry Brown, alleging desertion as a
cause of act.on. Margaret Marshall has
fllod suit for divorce against Frank Mar
shall on the ground of cruelty.
YOUNG LADIES' 7NSTITTJTE.
The Grand Body of the Order Will
Meet in This City To-Morrow.
The biennial session of the Young
Ladies' Institute will be held in this city
this week commencing to-morrow and
continuing three days.
During the past two years, the order,
while not making any marked increase,
has maintained its own and its member
ship has passed the one thousand mark.
Since the session of the previous grand
body there have been expended in Bick
benefits about $7000. Since then general
headquarters has been secured at Tenth
and Market streets, wnere six of the
seven local institutes meet and where the
office of the grand secretary is located.
T-e seventh of the local institutes meet 3
on the Potrero.
It is probable that the grand body will
elect as its president Mrs. M. A. Nagle.
the first vice-president, who, since the
death of Miss Sophie A. Grote, has filled
the highest office. Miss Josie T. Molloy,
the grand secretary, will, it is asserted,
be continued ir. office as there is no one
to oppose her, she having given general
satisfaction in the discharge of her duties.
The following are the delegates:
San Francisco— X. Driscnll, M. E. Curley,
M. E. Grote, A. MeCloskey, Mary Donovan,
Mary Leahy. A. Lambert, M. Gallagher, T.
Dcißlass. May Stein, Mrs. Kentzell, Mrs.
Keatinjr. Mrs. Deandread, Lena O'Donnell, M.
Kaunltz. Grass Valley— Mrs. A. Orr, Mrs. M.
Ryan. Vallfjo— Mary Brnuirh. Mary Dunphy.
Oakland— Mary Fiynn. Kate McKiernan, May
McCarthy. Sacramento— Mamie Farrell, Mary
Mullenny. Nara— S. B. Kennedy, Kittle Calll
nan. Carson— Macie Farrell, C. Leboureau.
Virginia City— Maggie Phelan, Maggie Wall.
Ran Jose— Kate Curley, Lizzie Claverny. Vic
toria—Nellie Keeley, Jennie Ross. Butte—Ma
mie Naple, Mollle Holland. Livermore — Mary
GaHapher. M. Mulqueeney. Port Costa — Teresa
O'Neill, Mangle Hurley. "Merced— Mary Mclner
ney, Mrs. Van den Hewal.
As the convention programme now
stands, on "Wednesday morning at 8
o'clock there will be a mass in St.
Cnarles' Church at Eighteenth and Shot
well streets, where Rev. Father Cum
in in grs will officiate. This will be followed
by forenoon and afternoon business ses
sions and in the evening there will be a
grand musical and literary entertainment
In the Metropolitan Temple. There will
be business sessions on Thursday and
Friday. On Thursday evening there will
be a reception to delegates at headquar
ters and on the following evening they
will be asked to attend a theater party.
ESTATES IN PROBATE.
I Wills of John Fox and Anna M.
Kantz Filed/
The will of John Fox, who died on the
l c th inst., was filed for probate yester
day. Katie Kell, who resides in Michi
gan, Is bequeathed $300. The residue of
the estate is given to Mrs. Mary Fox,
widow of the testator.
The will of Anna M. Kantz was also
filed. The husband, Raymond j Kantz, is
bequeathed the small sum of th. Eugenia
L. Hourcode, a grandchild of the testa
tor, is given $2000 and the residue
of the estate, valued at $5000, is left to
her son, Albert H. Ehret.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
y^~*^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Jjl-lM C2SkEABNTST. Established
Bn l^HI In 1854 for the treatment of Private
MLUifcjW Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
isf. BB| disease wearingoiibodyandmlndand
Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
bSHHMH otbersfall. Try him. Charges low.
PMEmI Cnreagraarantprd. Callorwrite.
| Dr. J. f. (itBBOX, Box 1937, Sag Francisco.
! QCULX TBAVSL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
fc^. Steamers I leave Broadway
' 'jtowi.., wharf, San Francisco:
ImBHBEi For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
ißgf^jNfc July 25, 30. August 4, 9, 14, 19,
s&Hlnl 24, transfer at Seattle.
>ffW*SM J^i For Alaskan ports (from Fol-
BB^L%>sf>ai Bom-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
f^^^H IBa August 3, 23, transfer at Port-
lana. Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C), Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett,
' Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
m.. July 25, 30, August 4, and every fifth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.,
at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver with
C P. Ry
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m., July
25 31 August 6, and every sixth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., July 24. 2S, August 1, and
j every fourth day thereafter. »„..-,
' For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
I ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., July 22, 26, 30, August 3, and every fourth
day thereafter. _ __ _
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., lSth of
each month.
For further Information obtain folder. '
The company reserves the right to Changs
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
airi hours of snillnsr.
. TICKET OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & H. CO.
WBPATCH PAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC $12 First Class Including: Bertl
TAnC 88 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: *<&iO.
Columbia July 2, 10. 18, 21
State of California July 6. 14. 22. 30
' St. Paul .J ...SIS 00 St. Louis $32 0*
Kansas City ...... 26 00 Chicago .......... 27 69
Omaha Is 00, New york ....... 31 0*
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market St.
GOODAZiL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantlqw.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), ,42 North -*-s*a»
I River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <2j*£D
i by this line avoid both transit by «*•««■*&•
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
' the channel in a small boat. New York to
I Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class. $160;
j second cltss. $116. .-■;•-'.•-
I LA GASCOGNE July 30, 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE Aug. 6, 10 a. m.
LA BRETAONE Aug. 13. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE Aug. 20, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE Aug. 27, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
! TIQUE. Agent.
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
i J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
! aye., San Francisco.
fHSBHBIM36| The S. S.MARIPOSA
■ 9lMlNlL sail! ' via Honolulu and
i*sr«wa»»w Auckland for Sydney
■ ** — -^ Wednesday. August 10,
G-n^Z^V.^S at 2 p. m.
SjWfnSnlD^ a Ltne to COOLGAR-
GJIWIIIIJIIiy DIE - Australia, and
U)fHB3IZH~ CAp F. TOWN. Soutk
XZ'"r" tt > VT -l Africa. .
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
." 114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Market St., San Francisco.
FDR 0. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon.. Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat
9:46 a. m. 3:15 p. in. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays ...........1 p. m. and 8:30 p. ii.
Sundays .10:20 a. m. and 8 p. m.
; Landing and of Mission Dock, Pier 8.
Telephone Red 2241.
910
GOSSIP ANENT
THE GALLOPERS
California Bred Cracka
jacks in Other Climes.
FINE FOREIGN PERFORMANCES
PRICES PAID IN ENGLAND FOR
GOOD FILLIES.
Three Thousand Two Hundred Gui
neas Paid for Simonswood, a
Brother to Simonside,
by St. Simon.
J. W. Brooks, handicnpper. clerk of the
scales and third judge for the California
Jockey Club, is back, after making- a trip
to his home ;tt Crab Orchard. Ky., to
Louisville and St. Louis. He reports "the
fame" in a very prosperous condition In
the Missouri metropolis, owing to open
competition In bookmaking circles. Bar
r.ey Schreiber has recently added 100 acres
to his breeding establishment at Bridge
ton, Mo., and now has all the room he!
Seslrea for the breeding of blue-blooded !
race horses. Mr. l'.n">ks s;iys it does not j
require much horse knowledge to be able ;
to pick out every foul shot on the place, ;
bo thoroughly does the New Zealand
horse stamp his Individuality upon his
progeny. In Miss Marion, the genial Ger- |
man has the best two-year-old filly run- j
ning around St. Louis.
The majority of our horses of the gal
loping persuasion are participating in the
Butte. Mont., meeting and Incidentally
they are carrying off close to four-fifths
nf all the purses hung up. The most im
proved animal is Lucky Star, which fro:n
a low-class selling-plater has developed
Into a stake horse and a record-breaker.
The veteran Holly"s training may hHV»
worked the wondrous change, or it may
be that the pure mountain air of Colo
rado and Montana is responsible for it.
Miss Rowena, leased of Burns & Water
house, has won perhaps the largest num
ber of races, while Ostler Joe, Lady
Ilurs;, La Mascotu. Rey Hooker and Vik
ing quite often finiFh in front of their
fields. The attendance has been good and
the meetings at Butte and Anaconda,
running tlfty-elght days in all, bid fair to
be tinancially very successful. In the past
they have been of the "mixed" descrip
tion, but this season the experiment of
doing away with trotting and pacing was
made.
At Sacramento the strings of "Ab."
Stemler, YV. M. Murry, Atkln '& Lottridge,
Dan Dennison and several other well- ;
known turfmen are taking it easy, but
will soon be hard at work preparing f >r
the State Fair meeting, which begins
early in September.
Racing on the other side of the Rockies |
has progressed far enough this season to ;
give one a good "line" on the merit* of
the various contestants. This much has
demonstrated— that the best two
year-old lilly thus far shown in the Mid
ale West is Toluca, a Los Angeles product
by Nomad; the best three-year-old filly in •
the country over any distance of ground
from live furlongs to a mile and a fur
long is Briar Sweet, the sister to Dr. Has
brouck, bred near Sacramento, and by
Imp. Sir Modred from Sweet briar; while
Mary Black (by imp. Islington, returned .
to England, out of Songstress), bred in
this State and owned by the well-known
Montana racing linn, Easton & Larabie,
has tied the world's record at six fur
longs (1:12%) and beaten the best sprinters
holding forth around Washington Park,
Chicago. Toluca and five others were sold
to Charles Kerr of Bakersfteld for a sum
not far in excess of $200 when they were
yearlings. Toluca fetched $500 when
brought to the sales ring as a yearling,
W. M. Murry of Sacramento, a very good
judge of a baby racer, being her pur
chaser. After winning several races with
the filly Sam Hildreth made an offer re
ported to be $2750, and the filly has been
running in that astute turfman's colors
since early last May. Her last good win
was in the Hyde Park stakes at Washing
ton Park, where ?he defeated among
others the supposed Invincible W. Over
ton and the very fair Formero. For the
latter W. B. Sink Jr. refused an offer of
$12,500 from Charley Dwyer over a month
ago, since which time the. Conveth colt
has trained off and gallops very oiten in
the 'also ran" brigade. As young Mr.
Sink gave but VM for Formero he, *n all
likelihood, hns rued the refusal of such a
sum as $12,500 real often during the
past four weeks.
The July sales of yearlings in England
are over, and the highest-priced young
ster disposed of was Simonswood. brother
to Simonside, oy St. Simon from Daisy
Chain. The sum paid was 3200 guineas
and the purchaser was .T. W. Larnach,
owner of Jeddah, winner of this year's
Derby. Mr. L. Brassey gave 3000 guineas
for the filly Winifreda. also by St. Simon
and out of Melody, by Tynedale. The
young Ormes are doing exceedingly well
in England and will be in great demand
next season, no doubt. Orme is by the
unbeaten Ormonde (for which W. 08.
Maedonough gave $150,000). irom Angelica
(dam of imp. Order and sister to the un
beaten St. Simon). Imp. Order Is the sire
of the American champion. Ornament.
winner 'if several Derbies last year and
the Brooklyn and Brighton Handicaps
this season.
J. R Haggin, the multi-milll vi lire
mining man and the most extensive horse
breeder in America, will, it is reported,
shortly send over 100 thoroughbred year
lings to England to be loid, the majority
being fillies, for which there is a very
poor market in this country. He will be
the first to try the experiment, and the
result will h* watched with interest. Fur
more than ten years past the average for
yearlings In England has exceeded 300
guineas, while in this country the aver
age is perhaps $3do, or about one-fifth.
The alleged methods pursued of keeping
or bidding in certain of the yearlings
supposed to have leen tried and then let
ting trainers have their running qualities,
the latter bringing them to the post and
beating out the flyers of other turfmen
who have paid fancy sums for yearlings,
may have had something to do with the
determination to try the English market.
At any rate, it looks as If Mr. Hafrgin
was not satisfied with the $508 which the
last crop of yearlings averaged w*ien
sold.
Record-making has been quite common
over the Washington Park track this sea
son. Goodrich reduced the mile nnd a
half record made by Buckwa at Oakland
<2:32 1 4.) to 2:"o'i. while- two horses ran a
mile and a quarter In 2:Ct4' ; , the former
record on a circular track being: 8:06,
made by Morello, who died In California.
Mary Black tied the six furlong circular
track record of 1:12 V;.. held jointly by
O'Connell nnd Flora l,ou!se, and the five
and a half furlong record was also tied.
The Woodland boy, Dick Clawson, Is
now considered to have no superior in th<*
ranks of the lightweight Jockeys. It Is
no uncommon thlnrr for this lad to pilot
four winners In an afternoon. Last.
Wednesday, at Washington Park, he put
his first four mounts in front at the fin
ishing line. TI. Martin of Santa Clam
has not been covering himself with much
glory '>f late, and the snrne can hr- said
of M-'Xichols and little Johnny Woods.
Thorpe and \V. Martin are often seen in
front at the wind-up of a race.
MRS. STERRETT'S CONTEMPT.
The Walter Case Is Carried Into the
Supreme Court.
Mrs. Emma Sterrett is determined not
to yield up the papers which Mrs. Jose
phine Walter, as executrix of the estate
of the late Gustav Walter, thinks she is
entitled to inspect. The case of the estate
of Walter Is now before the Probate
Court. Judge Troutt presiding. The judge
directed that Mrs. Sterrett produce for
the inspection of the executrix certain
papers and letters, but Mrs. Sterrett re
fused to do so. asserting that these docu
ments and letters are her personal prop
erty and have no connection with the es
tate under consideration. Her statement
did not satisfy the Judge and upon her
persistent refusal last Thursday no found
her guilty of contempt of court.
However judgment of being ordered Into
the custody of the sheriff, with its attend
ant humiliation, was suspended in order
to give the woman's attorneys a chance
to take the matter before the Supreme
Court. Yesterday the case went to the
higher tribunal on a writ of habeas cor
pus, the petitioner claiming that she is il
legally deprived of her liberty by the
sheriff, and being held on an order of
Judge Troutt for contempt of court. She
goes on to say that ns the papers in ques
tion are her own personal property she
was unjustly adjudged guilty of con
tempt. The writ prayed for was issued
and made returnable to-day at 2 o'clock.
POISONED WITH GAS.
Moses Seligman, an Attorney, Ends
His Life in a Bathroom.
Moses Seligman, an attorney and bill
collector, with an office at 420 Montgomery
street, committed suicide yesterday after
noon at his home, 523 O'Farrell street, by
carbon monoxide poisoning. The family
state that no reason is known for the act.
Mr. Seligman came home from his oJP.ce
and entered the bath room, where he un
screwed the gas fixture, closed the win
dow and door and seated himself in a
chair to await death. Here he was found
about r> o'clock by Gustavo Keil, who, in
passing through "the hall, detected the
odor of gas escaping from the bath room.
The Coroner's office was at once noticed,
but at the request of the family the body
was not taken to the Morgue,
Friends of the family state that Mr.
Seligman was worried over the actions of
an older son, but this is denied r>y a
younger son, who claims that the trouble
had been satisfactorily arranged. Besides
these two sons Mr. Selisman leaves a
widow, whom it is feared the shock of her
husband's death will kill.
Mr. Seligman was a 7iative of Germany
and 62 years of age. He came to Oall'or
nia many years ago and had been engaged
in the practice of nis profession :>inc3 his
arrival.
MORE CARS WANTED.
Property Owners on Bernal Heights
Ask for a Tunnel.
The residents of Cortland avenue and
"Golden Gate City" south of the avenue
are sadly in need of streetcar accommo
dation from the junction of the avenue
and Folsom street, and the matter is now
being warmly discussed by the improve
ment club;--.
At first it was suggested that Folsom
street b< cut through the hill from Pre-
Cita avenue to its intersection with
Cortland avenue, but the proposition fell
through when it was found that the work
would cost about $45,000.
The railroad companies declined to ex
tend branch lines, giving as a reason the
sparse population in the new district to
be traveled. The residents, therefore,
have concluded that the only 1 thing to he
done would be to run a tunnel through
Berna) Heights on a line with Fulsom
street.
Another cause of complaint among
property-owners in that neighborhood Is
the fact that there is no adequate protec
tion against the ravages of fire. The Su
pervisors will be asked at an early date
to assist that part of the city to obtain
the needed improvements.
A Chinaman Robbed.
Jou You, a Chinese living at 2417 Twen
ty-fourth street, stepped off a Valencia
street car about 1 o'clock yesterday
morning to go to his home, when tw<>
young men knocked him down and
robbed him of $3 05. Policeman Folsom
beard his cries for help and chased and
captured Herbert H. Charles, a clerk.
whom the Chinese Identified as one of the
robbers. He was taken t<> the City Pris
on and booked on the charge of robbery.
The case was called in Judge Conlan s
court yesterday and continued till to
morrow.
NEW YORK FORFEITS
TO THE BALTIMORES
NATIONAL LEAOUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— ' W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..5T 13 .071 Plttsbunr ...43 40 .51?
Boston . .3 SO .639 Philadelphia 37 42 -46S
Cleveland ...51 32 .mi Brooklyn ...33 47 .413
Baltimore ...43 32 .»»> Washington 31 51 .379
Chicago .... 47 40 .r<l Louisville .'.ti 55 .345
New York ..« 3S .oil St. Louis ....24 1.2 2»I
NEW YORK, July 25.— New York for
feited the Ritmn to the Raltlmoros after
half of the fourth inning had been clayed.
The score at that time was 1 to 1. Holmes
when at bat in Baltimore's inning struck
out. A "fan" in the grand stand yelled.
"Oh, 'Ducky.' youlre a lobster!" Holmes
replied that perhaps he was, but he was
glad he was not working for a man of
Freedman's caliber any more. Umpire
Lynch turned around and said something
to Holmes, who went to the bench.
President Freedman. who was Hitting in
the grand stand, sent a representative
down with a request that Manager Hnn
lon take Holmes out of the gamp. Hanlon
referred Freedman's request to the um
pire, who said he had not heard the re
mark and refused to take Holmes out of
left field. Freedman then came on the
grounds and asked for the expulsion of
the player, and on being refused told
Joyce not to play ball. Lynch then gave
the game to the Baltimores, 0 to 0. The
spectators, about 3000. received their mon
ey back.
President Freedman stated afterward
that he would protest the game and that
he would report Holmes to the hoard r>f
discipline. He p.ipo said that people had
been crying for gentlemanly ball playing
and they would pet it on the New York
grounds at any cost.
NEW YORK. July 25.— After losing five
straight games the Brooklyns finally
managed to break their string of Sfefeatfl
at the expense of Boston to-day. Dunn
pitched a clever game and had the cham
pions guessing. Stafford, late of Louis
ville, has been signed by Manager Selep
and played in right field to-day. Attend
ance 1200. Score:
Club?- r. h. E.
Brooklyn 4 7 0
Boston 2 8 1
Batteries— Dunn and Grim; Willis and Ber
gen, Swart wood and Wood.
CHICAGO, July 25.— Clevelands and
Orphans completed their schedule to-day
splitting even on the season's series. Grif
fith was In great form. Attendance, 1100.
Score :
Clubs— n. H k
Chicago 7 14 1
Cleveland 0 5 2
Batteries— Griffith and Donohue; Wilson and
Crlger. Umpires— O # Day and McDonald.
PHILADELPHIA, July 25.—Washing
ton defeated Philadelphia to-day through
the latter's inability to hit Dineen safely
Attendance 2615. Score:
tt- CIu JT~. R - H. E.
PhlfadefphTa \\\\\\V;lr.":V;!-; i !v!v'';'-."!" 4^2
Philadelphia :::;;; 452
Batteries— Dlneen and Farrell; infield and
McFarland. Empires— Snyder and Connolly.
LOUISVILLE, July 25.— N0 game- wet
grounds.
CHESS FINALS RESULT
IN A TIE FOR FIRST
VIENNA, July 25.— After the conclusion
of play in the final round of the Interna
tional chess masters" tournament to-night
It was found that Plllsbury and Tarrasch
had won an equal number of games, and
that, therefore, a tie match, which is to
begin on Monday, will have to decide the
awarding of the first and second prizes.
Moreover, the game— that between Black
burn and Caro— left unfinished, and
as by winning this game Blackburn may
come in for a share of the tenth prize,
the result of, this game will have to be
awaited before the tournament wnl be
wound up. Janowskl won the third prize,
Steinitz the fourth. Schlechter the fifth.
Burn and Tschlgorin divided the sixth
and sevenih, and Lipke and Maroczy di
vided the eighth and ninth. Alapin "is at
present the only candidate for the tenth
and final prize.
To-day's results in the final round of
the tournament were as follows: Tarrasch
beat Walbrodt. Schlffers beat Burn. Jan
owskl downed Trenchard. Pillsbury van
quished Balrd, Blackburne and Caro ad
journed their game, and Showalter and
i,ipkc and Marco and Halprln and Stein
it 7. and Maroczy and Tschigorln and Ala
pin drew. .
The game between Showalter and Burn
in the thirty-fourth round was won by
Burn and not by Showalter. as has been
cabled.
Two adjourned games from Friday /were
concluded yesterday. Burn beat Pillsbury
and Alapin and Schiffers drew. Here fol
low the scores of all the competitors:
Name — ' Won. Lost.
Alapin 19 IS
Balrd ...: 9 28
Blackburne IS 18
Burn ..21 16
Caro 12% 23%
Halprin . 15 22
Janowskl 26% 10%
Uipke 20% 16%
Marco ......17% ',-1314
Maroczy 20% 16%
Pill.«bury ....... .,2sy, S%
SchlfTers ..... 18 in'
Schlechter ....22% H%
Showalter . — : .16 21
Steinitz . ..24% 12%
Tarrasch 28% 8%
Trenchard .:.... 6 31
Tschlßorin 21 16
Walbrodt ............................. .15% i 21%
I■ .. *".- .- ."■ ■■■■■■:■ .''-■..:• ■ ■ . ■- ■■;■?. .;. - ...
THE SAN" FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 26, 1898.
TWO WORLD'S
RECORDS FALL
Harness Horses Race in
Fast Time.
GLENVILLE TRACK RESULTS
SEARCHLIGHT THE KINO OF
FOUR- YEAR-OLDS.
Clips Two Seconds From the Former
Mark, While Lena N Lowers
the Time for Facing
Mares.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLEVELAND, July 25.— The breaking
of two world's records and one season
record marked the opening of the grand
circuit races at the Glenville track this
afternoon. The first event, the 2:16 trot,
was the fastest race this season, and in
the second race, the 2:10 pace, the world's
record for pacing mares was clipped
from 2:05% to 2.05 1 4 in the first heat by
Lena N. In the next mile Searchlight,
another member of the California band,
reduced the mark for four-year-olds to
2:0454, going under the record two sec
onds.
Separately the heats In the trot were
not marvelous, but collectively they
form the fastest trotting race of the
year. Mattie Patterson displayed the
speed of the big field and took first
money In straight heats. The time was
2:lOV*, 2:09 141 4 and 2:09%. Summary:
2:ir, class, trotting', purse 52500 — Mattie Pat
terson won, Ask.-y second, Grattun Boy third.
Host time, 2:08%.
2:V> class, racing, purse $2000 — Searchlight
won. Lena N second, Nicol D third. Best
time. 2:04»i.
1:25 class, trotting, purse $2000 — Angelina
won. Belle J second, Percy third. Best time,
2:11.
BRIGHTON BEACH COMBERS.
How the Gallopers Performed at the
New York Course Near the
Atlantic Shore.
NEW YORK, July 25.— Favorites and non
favorites divided h"nors and coin this after
noon. Matter ;ind Bonger each rode two win
ners. The track was fast.
First race selling, one mile:
Name _ Wt. Jockeys. V*. 4- % Fin
Marlto, M Moody i n i i 15
•Juno. 100 Jones 2 2 2 1 2 1
Doggett. ins Doggett 0 0 0 8
Philips, % Maher 0 0 3 0
Time, 1:40 V Won easily. Second and third
handily.
Kiln Paly (SS) and Taranto (105) also ran.
Straight odds against first three— 2 to 1, I
to 5 and 5 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, two-year-olds, selling, five fur
longs:
Name and V.'t. Jockeys. U. %. Str. Fin.
Gen. M. Gary, m.-O'Leary 3 2 2 1
Ninety Cents. 109. . Songer 2 3 3 2
•Jean Ingelow, 109 Jones 0 0 0 ■ 3
Prince of Wales, 112. Maher 11 11 11 0
Time, 1:02%. Won cleverly. Second and
third driving.
St. Claire (112), Miriam Claire (110) and Lady
Exile (109), also ran. Straight odds against
first three— 2>i to 1, 4 to 1 and 4 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, selling-, five furlongs:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. %. \,. Str. Fin.
•Ruby Lips, I%... .Maher 11 11 11-15
Bonnie Gem. 106..Songer 3 3 3 2 1
Eileen D, 106.... 0'C0nn0r 2 2 2 3
Time. 1:01%. Won easily. Second handily.
Third driving.
Florence Bealy (106). Effle Haggerty (106).
Crulskeen Lawn (106). Suspect (106). Fairy Dale
108), Inspector (106), Agamade, Amelia D,
Miss Gossip, Lerete and Filers Belle, all 106
pounds, also ran. Straight odds against first
three— l to 2, 4 to 1, 20 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, handicap, mile and a quarter:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. 'V X, Str. Fin
Bannock, 126 Songer 3 2 1115
Our Johhnv, 124. . . . I^wls 0 3 25 23
•Rondo, 120 Taral 0 0 3 3
Ahingdon. W Maher 110 0
Time, 2:08H- Won easily. Second handily.
Third driving.
h Skater (122) also ran. Straight odds
against first three— S to 5, 6 to 1 and 4 to 5.
•Favorite.
Fifth rac, two-year-olds, handicap, six fur
longs:
Niimo nnd Wt. Jockeys. 14. \. Str. Fin.
•Jack Point, lL>6..Songer 0 0 1111
Leplda, 106 ....'/''.Minor 111 2 2 1
Tcndresse, 112 Maher 0 0 0 3
Cosmopolitan. 107.O'J>ary 3 0 3 0
Exception, 104 James 0 3 0 0
Rush r, 123 Taral 2 2 0 0
Time, 1:16. Won easily. Second and third
handily. Straight odds against tlrst three-
Evens, 2^i to 1 and 2Vi to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, selling, one mile:
Name nnd Wt. Jock»ys. '4. %. Str. Fin
•Leedsvllle, 106 ....Maher 11 11 11 ; 2
Decanter, IC2 O'l>eary 3 2h 2h 2 .*■
Free I>ance. 112. .Poggett 2 H 3 3 3
Time. 1:414. Won easily. Second handily.
Straight odds against first three~4 to 5, 2 to 1
and 2M: to 1.
•Favorite.
THE HARLEM RACES.
Favorites More Than Hold Their
Own — The Events in Detail at
the Chicago Track.
CHICAGO, July 2.V — The second meeting be
gan here this afternoon over a lightning fast
track and the favorites fared very well.
First race, selling, six furlongs:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. V£. %. Str. Fin
•Slddonlon, 10K..T. Burns 0 2 3 li
T>. Rac. Fm., 103.Ever«tt 1% 1% 21 2h
Millie M, 10r,..Van Dusen 2 0 0 3
Summer Sea. 103.. Hewitt 3 3 1 h 0
Time. 1:14%. Won cleverly. Second and
third driving.
Tom Toner (96), Moroni (99). Frlskal (IC3),
Mlfs Casey do:.) and Bryan (107) also ran.
Straight odds against first three— 7 to 5. 6 to 1
and 6 to l.
•Favorite.
Second rare. selling, mile and neventy yards:
Name .-i;.*' Wt. Jockeys, v, %. str. Fin.
•Blng B'ger. 108.Caywood 1 12 12 12
Mustkal'Re, 104. Van Dusen 3 2 2 2 2
Moncrelth, ion, ..T. Burns 0 0 3 3
Potted. lOl.Bloss 2 3 0 0
Time, 1:4.1. Won easily. Second easily. Third
driving.
Prosecutor (104). Albert 8 (104) and Swords
man (K'2) /ilso ran. Straight odds against first
throe horses — Even money, 4 to 1 and 3 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, selling. blx furlon^a:
Name and wt. Jockeys. Mi. 34. str. Fin
Tenole, 105 Van fiusen 3 3 3 li
•Amy Wade. 103.. T. Burns 0 0 0 2
Ella I'enzance. 10. r ...Hart 2 2 2 3
Fair DeC'ver, 94. Shepherd 1110
Timr, 1:14%. Won cleverly. Second and
third driving-.
Valppco f 105). Borden OOfi), The Tory (112)
and Fr.ncliff (10S) also ran. Straight odds
against first three— B to 1, 2 to 1 and 6 to 1.
•Favi rltp.
Fourth race, two-year-olds, five furlongs:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. 14. \. Str. Pin
•Splrltuelle, UO. .T. Burns 11 i 1 11 12
Boney Boy, 102 Blobs 2 2 2 2 1
Oheval dOr, lOO.Shepherd 3 3 8 3
Time, l:01H- Won easily. Second handily
Third driving.
L. IMllot Jr. (10T), Ben Winkle (!>5), Prince
Ksthern (100) and Coltness (103) also ran.
Stralcht odds against first three— Out. 8 to
5 and 2 1 * to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, purse, six furlongs:
Name nnd Wt. Jockeys. 1,4. \. Str. Fin
•Mary Black. 103. L. RlefT 2 2 4 2 2 12
D. Waldo. 10S..Vnn Dusen 12 11 11 28
Gold Fox. S4...McXlchols 3 3 3 3
Time. l:l3Vi. Won easily. Second and third
handily.
Tapestry (100), Michael G (114) and Clothilda
(103) also ran. Straight odds against first
three— l to 2. 2 to 1 and 10 to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, purse, one mile:
Name & Wt. Jockeys. %. %. Fin
Imp. F.. Burke, 85..Kltley 0 0 0 1 h
•Terror, M) T. Burns 3 3 3 2*
E. Wickes. 85 Knight 2 2 3 lh 3
Traveler. M Seaton lh 1% 2 0
Time, 1:39%. Won drivlnp. Second and third
driving.
Storm Queen (85) also ran. Straight odds
against first three — 6 to 1, even money and
4 to 1.
•Favorite.
Seventh race, selling, six furlongs:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. %. %. Str. Fin
•Abuse. 114 Rloss 14 14 14 11
Tartarian, 111.. T. Burns 21 24 21 21
Afamada, 106 Hart 3 3 3 3
Time, 1:13%. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Cash Day (110) and Newsgather (109) also
ran. Straight odds against first three— Even
money, 2 to 1 and 4 to 1.
•Favorite.
SUCCESSFUL AT ST. LOUIS.
Large Fields of Horses Contend for
Coin at the Missouri Metropolis.
ST. LOI'IS, July 25.— Five favorites gathered
'n the winners' share of the purses this after
noon. It began to rain after the fourth race
was run. C. Coombs rode three winners:
First race, selling, two-year-olds, four and a
half furlongs:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. V 4. %. Str. Fin.
•Uncle Bill, 108 Lines 0 0 0 11
Or. Dunett. 105..C. Coombs 3 3 1 2 1
Leo Stratus, 105..(Jl]more 0 0 3 3
Blenheim, 10S Brltton 110 0
Candock. 108. J. McDonald 2 2 0 0
Mosswood, 108 Uutter 0 0 2 0
Time. :57. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Lafayette (10S), Fort Henry (105) and Koenig
(105) also ran. Straight odds against first
three— 7 to 5, 6 to 1 and 12 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, three-year-olds. Belling, one
mile:
Name &Wt Jockeys. V t . y,. %. Str. Fin.
•Slra, 104 C. Coombs 0 0 2 22 11
Chlquita, 96 C. Clay 2 2 3 112
Bequeath. 98 Snell 0 0 0 3 3
Chiffon, 96 Frost 1110 0
Tlnm, 1:42? i. Wen handily. Second and third
driving.
Knomta (102). R. B. Sack (101). Barbee (101),
Violin OS) and Frank Sigman (98) also ran.
Straight odds againrt first three— l to 2, 10
to 1 and 8 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, selling, mile and twenty yards.
•Laureate, 103 (J. McDonald). 7 to 10 1
Mamie G, Wft (Kelly), 2V4 to 1 2
Vnrln Abb. 106 (Gilmore), 12 to 1 3
Time. 1:45 U.
Charina (102), The Planet (107). Countess Ir
ma (104), Otto H (107). Cecil (104). Serf (107),
Dawn (102) and Alma Gttyn (102) also ran.
Fourth rare, purse, mile and seventy yards:
Name <t Wt. Jockeys. V 4. V*. %. Fin.
Sir Rolla. 94 Lin«s 0 0 3 12
Nick Carter. 108.. ..Fr05t 3 11 11 2 1
•Forbush. 91 C. Clay 2 2 0 3
Hasfiull. 107 Snell 13 0 0
Elkin, in: Southard o 0 2 0
Time, 1:47^. Won cleverly. Second and
third driving. Straight odds against first
three— s to i. 20 to 1 and 7 to 10.
•Favorite.
Fifth rare, purse, six furlongs:
Name and Wt Jockeys. '«.. Str. Fin.
•The Chemist, 115. Coomb* 3 3 2 12
•Gibraltar, 112. .McDonald 1 1 1 2 2
Belle Memphis, 100.. Snell 2 2 3 3
Time, 1:115 V Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Tophet (93) and Mr. Plpp (9f>) also ran.
Straight odds against first three — Even money,
evf-n money and 10 to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, selling, six and a half furlongs:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. >>.• %. Str. Fin.
Horseshoe T,. 104.. Coombs 15 14 14 12
Fireside, 103... .McDonald 3 3 3 2 1
Belle Ward, 94 Frost 0 2 1 2 1 3
Silver Set. 103 Hall 2 0 0 0
Time, 1:24%. "Won easily. Second and third
driving
Shield Hearer 006) and Mound City (96) also
ran. Straight odds against first three— 4 to 5.
5 to 1 and 2U to 1.
•Favorite.
Results at Butte.
BT'TTE, Mont., July "Weather
■warm. Results:
First race, three and a half furlongs— Red
S won, L. A. Hup second. Honest John third.
Time, Ml. -V
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Koo
tenal won. E. Come second, Ocorona third.
Time. 1:09.
Third race, six and a half furlongs — Loch
Ness won, Robair second, Pat Morrlssey third.
Time. 1:22%.
Fourth race, one mile — Charlotte M won.
Briar Hill second, Enclno third. Time, 1:43.
Fifth race, seven furlong-s— New Moon won,
Mike Rice second. Rapldo third. Time. 1:29%.
Sixth race, five furlonsrs — Tammany II won,
Negligence second, Lady Ashley third. Time,
1:02%-
SIX SAILORS OF LA
BOURGOGNE HELD
Accused by Passengers of Cruelty
and Brutality at the Time of
the Collision.
HAVRE, July 2.*.— Nineteen Austrian
sailors who arrived here by I,n Bretagne
yesterday were taken to-day before a ■
magistrate and confronted by four sec- ;
ond-clasa passengers, survivors of La i
Bourgogne, on charges of cruelty and
brutality at the time of the collision be
tween La Bourgogne and the British ship
i 'romnrtyshlre, oft Sable Island on July
4. Although the evidence offered against
them was very slight, six of the accused
were held on remand. The others were
discharged.
Succumbs to Heart Failure.
SACRAMENTO, July ffi.— H. T. Knight. I
one of the oldest citizens of this county,
died yesterday :it Harbin Springs, I>ak»»
County, of heart failur.-. TIo came to the
Coast In 1851 and was Identified with
prominent enterprises here must of these
years. For fourteen years he was super-:
lntendent for the Natoma Water and |
Mining Company, and the last six years
was chief engineer for the Sacramento
Electric, Gas and Railway Company. His
son, C. R. Knight, succeeds him.
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J P PromaKKl <"al ;C Brown, MercM
A Topplano, Cal A Franklin, Benicta
A W Mitchell, Wlntrs M Jacobs, Homewood
<■ Bnodgrass, Winters H Johnson <fe w, Sac
J Hoy. Cnl 1 it Collins, Boston
c, y Vincent, Cal 1' McCoy, Napa
W W Wood, BactO !W Griffith, S Hafael
S Hostppp & w. Chic F Beastly; Cal
It Wlnkins & w, Cal ID McCone CbJ
H Carlton & w, Cal |J Beach, Elkhart
BALDWIN HOTEI*
B Frey. Stockton J. BllKßint. Morgan H
Miss Frey. Sti">kton Mr* F Smith, Sacto
M Jacobs, Antioch J Walker, Fresno
Mrs M Jacobs. Antloch Mrs .1 Walker, Fresno
X P Blum, Columbia Miss Wnlker, Fresno
c, Ha hies, Sacto Kflss E Bush, N'apa
J Tobrener, Oakland Miss X Mitchell, Napa
G. MeOowan. L Ani; Miss If VauKhan. Cal
A Stoddard, Los Ang W Logern, N V
W Pructte. NY IG Gouchor, Fresno
Mrs Pruette. N T W Reinhnrt, N V
F Pruette. N V Miss H^ach, N V
.1 Wolf, Salt L,ake O Hanson, N V
W BrlKKs. N V D Levy, Williams
A P Cross, Los Anpr
PALACE HOTEL.
G Ballar.l, Helena W G.irrett. Los Ang
J l>uanp. DagEPtt M Monarch. X V
F Mlnturee, Cal Mrs Monarch. N V
W B Mlntureo, Cal L J Samuel, Eng
J Puanc, Daggett F W Leiulbetter. Or
M Helij?nian. Ariz O A Kltmrr, N V
A de Rlttlck, Russia J Cameron, Portland
H Garrison, lowa F Rourkp. Portland
H Gutmaraes, Cal \V Kakirs, Toronto
Mrs <;uimaraes, Cal Mrs TaJcott, Pasadena
I. Van Reusselai'e.NYlMrs Van Hasen, Cal
S <: llavpn. Rpfllands J Mc(^uster, I>s Anp
J II Rico, Mazatlan Mrs Lathron, P Alto
M Quintana, Ma-.atlan Miss I'ratt, Palo Alto
J .T Meyler, i: S A IMiaa Spafford, S Cruz
S Emanuel, N V I
GRAND HOTEL.
M B Beniamln, Ptkn Dr White A w. Sacto
W J Klttrell, Fresno W A Johnston. Sacto
G McElfresh. L Ang W Fare. L Ang
J E Harvey, Mexico W Burns, Arizona
J Sheridan^ Santa Pc Mrs Uunbar, Palo Alto
F. Culliertson, Prescott Miss Dunbar. I'alo A
A C Branscom, L Ang l>r Blodgett, Lodl
J B Robinson, Sacto W N>wlon & w, Cal
Mrs W J Russell, N V J H Bishop & w, N V
J W Bolles, HoTißkons J C Gibbons, Stkn
R Martlndale&w, Tex Mrs Jameson. Bilkerfld
H Thompson. Alame.Jn T E Wood. Sacto
T X Alnsworth. L Ang J Danner, Colusa
T R Jones, L Ang C de St Maurice, Cal
P Jessup, Victoria .) S Wept. Colusa
J Brodle, Mill Valley J W Good, Colusa
E Bryant, L Ang 3 D Hloks. Fresno
H de Laguna. Stkn W C Parker & w, Cal
H C Ray, Visa] la G Houston & w, Stkn
M Goldsmith, Stkn T II Williams. Cal
J Bibbero. Stockton C B Bills, S Jose
P 8 FlanlKan. Reno G Lindsay, Salt Lakw
E P Burns, Arizona I A Schoellhorn, Mo
O N Gish, lowa IL I> Jacks, S Rosa
Mrs Tralnor. Sacto |j M Selleck, Chicago
Mrs Sti>7>henson, Sacto Miss Eoston, Oakland
A P Price, NY jE W Williams. Cal
Mr McKay, Oakland I
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed July 25— Schr En
deavor, for Honolulu.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived July 25--Stmr Norge
from New York.
STETTIN-Salled July 22— Stmr Thlngvalla.
for New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived Jul- 23— Stmr Kensing
ton, from New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 25— Stmr South
wark, for Antwerp; strnr AVerkendam, for Am
sterdam.
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nlpht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— :> 27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 5:30 o'clock.
CIS Larkln street ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mipplon street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 MlHslon street; open until 9 o'clock.
N'W. corner of Twentj'-second and Kentucky
etreets, open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M., •
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-__SV_
ING, July 10, at 7:30 o'clock. P. M. TK. X
and M. E. M. degrees. By order of the />r >
H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and •
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (TUES- _#«_.
DAY) EVENING. July 26 at 7:30 «L 3f
o'clock. D. c /Sp\
■ , GEO. J. HOPE, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. jjf~
■ M.— Second degree THIS (TUESDAY) ff*
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock l£2f
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary. /V^
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29, I O. O -sum/c
F.— lnitiates four candidates TO- S&Sfc&sL.
NIGHT. Members of the lodge
and order please attend this meet- -^<: • -^
Jg^^!L°i^lJe C HELL ' N. G.
SAMT EL POLACK. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meeting
of stockholders of the Hakalau Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the
company. 327 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
on MONDAY, the Ist day of August, 189S, at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose
of electing a Board of Directors to serve for
the ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer books will close on Friday,
. July 29, IS9S, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the Pacific
Coast Dredging and Reclamation Company
will be held at the office of the company. 36
r " a rt ' street - San Francisco, California, on
TUESDAY, the 2nd of August, IS9B, at 3
clock p. m., for the purpose of electing a
Board of Trustees to serve during the en-
suing year and the transaction of such other
Business as may come before the meeting.
M. J. MADISON, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting of the Risdon Iron and
Locomotive Works— The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Risdon Iron and
Locomotive Works, frr the election of trus-
tees for the ensuing year and the transac-
tion of such other business as may b«
brought before the meeting, will be held at
the office of the company, southeast corner
of Beale and Howard streets, San Francisco,
on MONDAY, the Ist day of August, 1898,
at 11 o'clock a. m. L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Waldeck Sanatorium will be
held at 717 Jones st. TUESDAY EVENING,
August 2, at 8:30 o'clock.
E. E. KELLY. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
JESSIE RAYDEUR, alcohol baths and mas-
sage. 101 Eddy at., rooms 12 and 14.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery Bt.. room 6: tel. 65»0.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15 1 .-, Turk and 1118 Market, rim. 15-16.
DIVIDEND NOTiC-S.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 83 (fifty cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, 327 Market st., on and after August 1,
1898. Transfer books will close on Tuesday,
July 26, 1898, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES, t
PACIFIC Employment Office— First-class se-
lect help. 835 Market St.; phone Clay 130.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
NEAT young girl desires situation at house-
work or as nurse, $10 to $15; references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT young German girl desires situa-
tion as nurse or housework; $10 to $15; refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT German cook and housework
girl desires situation; 3 years last place; city
or country. .Miss CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS French cook desires situation:
best reference; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Slitter st.
j SWEDISH second girl, good seamstress, or
would take care of children. Apply MRS
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
ENGLISH woman, good cook and housework-
er, $12 to $15; city or country. MRS. NOR-
TON. 813 Sutter st.
SWEDISH housegirl, two years last place,
good laundress, $15 to $20. MRS. NORTON.
313 Butter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook. 3 years last place.
Apply MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.; tel.
Green 721.
| FIRST-CLASS nurse wishes situation; good
seamstress; 2 years' references. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutler st.
SWEDISH green girl, strong and willing,
wishes place to assist housework, $10. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
COLORED family or boarding-house cook,
first-class references, awaits position. C. R.
HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary St.
FRENCH nursegirl. will help with sewing and
upstairs work, references. C. R. HANSEN &
■ CO., 104 Geary st.
GERMAN laundress, best of reference, desires
a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Butter st.
SITUATION by a .middle-aged woman In any
capacity capable of filling; experience as in-
fant's nurs-->; references. Address T.. box
151, Call office.
YOI'NG Swedish woman wishes work by the
; day; understands all kinds of work; strong
i and willing. Address 7 California aye.
COMPETENT young woman wishes situation
in small American family; general house-
work; good plain cook. Address E. T., 415
Jones St., stating price and how many.
WANTED— By good reliable, refined lady, good
home; make herself useful for moderate sal-
ary; city or country. 2621 Bush St.
SWEDISH woman wishes day work, washing
and housecleaning, $1 in. $350 Fifth st.
SWEDISH first-class cook wishes situation, 5
years in last place, $30. 513 McAllister st.
WANTED — by young lady as nurse-
girl; fond of children; country preferred. S.,
1908 Sinter St.
RESPECTABLE girl wants place to care for
children; country preferred. L.. 1908 Sutter.
WANTED — By a competent girl, a position as
cook; will do general housework. Call or ad-
dress 737 Howard st.
POSITION wanted to do general housework;
wages $25: good references. Box 265. Call.
GIRL (16) wishes a situation to assist with
light housework and mind children; prefers to
sleep at home. Call 1053 Howard st.
NEAT young girl wishes to assist with house-
work.' IiVM Mission St., corner Twelfth. Call
between 3 and 5.
RELIABLE nurse and housekeeper: thorough-
ly understands her business; is well recom-
mended. 63 Stevenson st.
YOUNG woman wishes position as chamber-
maid in hotel: city preferred; good seam-
stress. Address box 259, Call office. •-■'%">-:'.*.
WANTED- Situation for general housework
and cooking; best city references. 245 Natoma.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position to do
general housework: city or country; wages
$12. ■ Address 924 Washington st.
WANTED— By a lady who has partly learnea
the barber trade, a place to work In barber
shop; free service. Box 262. Call office.
AS good cook, working housekeeper: active.
industrious person; city or country; best ref-
erences. W., box 250. Call office.
COMPETENT girl desires a situation to take
care of children and sew: references. Call or
address 260 Clementina St., oft Fourth.
MIDDLE-AGED lady of refinement, having
met with reverses, desires position as man-
aging housekeeper. Address for one week
box 258, Call office.
TWO respectable and Intelligent Swedish girls
with experience in chamberwork and cook-
ing would like places In gpod American fam-
ilies. Address 404 Greenwich st.
LADY wishes housekeeper's position; no trl-
flers. 1113',., Howard st.
SWEDISH girl wishes. a situation to do gen-
eral housework and plain cooking. Call
1024 Howard st. -
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like a place to do
any light work or care of children. Call
824 Montgomery st. '
YOUNG lady wishes a situation as chamber-
work or assist In light housework: city or
country. Call WednSsday, 254 Minna St.;
downstairs.
WIDE-AWAKE, well educated : young woman
wants employment; has had several years'
practical business experience and Is thor-
oughly capable of doing any work that re-
quires honesty, Industry and Intelligence. Ad-
dress L., box 1, Call office. Oakland.
POSITION wanted as housekeeper or lady's
companion; not afraid of work; city or coun-
try; good references. Only responsible par-
ties call or address 916 Fourth aye., East
Oakland. ' , -■'-..'-
AMERICAN woman wishes light housework In
an American family; city or short distance in
country; no postals. 746 Mission st.
GIRL would like a nice place in smalt family:
do good i '.!i!n cooking and light housework;
Is very fond of children; city or country. 545
Linden ove.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants position; a
. stood ci ok and laundress; would do general
housework, city or country. Call or address
' 50S '■ Ta vror. St.. near Geary.
NORTH Civvman girl wants situation cooking
and down stairs work; city references. 1022
Larkin st.-. '■■'■ •
YOUNG German girl wants situation second
' work and sewing; good waitress; references.
1022 Lnrktn st. .■-.::■■-
RESPECTABLE woman wants •to do house-
■ work; city or country. 50 Linden aye., near
Lnguna st.
SITUATIONS W ANTED— Continued.
MIDDLE-AGED Swedish woman would like
position to do general housework. 442 Minna.
DRESSMAKER, ladies' tailor. Parisian suits,
evening dresses, tea gowns, wishes engage-
ment by day; work received at home; rea-
sonable. MME. DE WAYNE, 2S Ellis st.
REFINED lady" with daughter of 12 would like
position as working housekeeper, or would
try anything honest: must have work; city
references. A. D.. 1433 Mission st.
ELDERLY American woman wishes a place
to do housework; good c^ok and baker; city
or country. Address 136 Fifth St., near How-
ard.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation to
do light housework; city or a short distance
in the country. Apply at 1000 Washington st.
FIRST-CLASS dress and cloak maker will take
work at her home; tailor suits made very
reasonably. 760 Folsom at.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do general
housework; $20 or $25 per month. Apply at
152 Clinton Park.
GERMAN girl wants a situation for general
housework or cooking; good references. 1309
Stockton st.
ARTISTIC' dressmaker will work for $1 25 per
day. 1337 Market st., near Seventh.
RESPONSIBLE lady wishes a position as
housekeeper. 323 Kearny st., room 12.
SITUATION wanted by a strong, willing girl
for general housework. Apply at 217 Polk st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day, washing or
hoiisecleanlng. Call at 711 Minna st.
LADY would like to have children's dresses to
make. 590 Geary st.
WANTED — In a Catholic school or family, po-
sition as teacher of drawing, English branches
cr music; highest reference. Box 447, Call.
LADY of refinement would like situation as
l.idstlng-house keeper, cr meet party willing
to start her in same. W. W., box 433, Call.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want iids and subscriptions taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st : tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLF.Y & CO.. 840 Clay st.
WANTED— A situation by first-class baker on
all kinds of bread. Address H. SPEIGAL,
433 Clementina st.
MAN and wife wish positions to cook for hotel
or hoarding house; city or country'- Address
Hamburger Hof. 231 Fifth st.
SINGLE man with good references desires po-
sition as porter or on private place; under-
stands the care of horses and is handy with
tools. Address box 265, Call office.
BTEADY boy 17 yean old living with his pa-
rents would like to learn to be an electrician.
j-ox 137, Call office.
Jii/Vv ISH young man wants situation, any
kind; salary no object. Box 275, CaU_of floe.
WANTED — By a competent married man, posi-
tion to take entire charge of ranch or gentle-
man's country place; first-class references.
Box 207, Call Office.
WANTED— Situation as valet or attendant to
invalid gentleman; thoroughly experienced.
F. J., box 260, Call Oiflce.
STEADY man wishes position: drive a mllk-
wafron; drove before at Frlesan-Holmeln
Dairy. Address B. WAVER, J5 Eddy St.
EXPERIENCED hoisting engineer want 3 po-
sition at mine; best of refs. Box 305, Call.
GICRMAN wishes position to work around
house, take care of horses, etc.; city or
country. 621 California st.
WANTED— A position by young man as fore-
man or timekeeper in yard or factory; thor-
oughly understands plans and buhaing con-
Btructlon. Box 177. < "all.
RESPECTABLE young man and wife would
like a situation on a private place: man Is a
t: .I gardener and ran run gasoline engine;
handy for any kind of work; wife is a £ood
cook and housekeeper if wanted; city or
country; best references. Box 254, Call office.
WANTS a situation— A young man 18 years of
age, living with his parents, best of refer-
enre, wants to learn some respectable busi-
n".^; writes a good hand; wages no object
Address 11. L. M., box 435, Call office.
SWEDE wants a situation In a private place
as gardener and coachman; Is a flrst-clasg
milker; understands running a gasoline en-
frint-; wages $25; first-class reference. Box
77, Call office.
YOUNG man speaking English, French, Ger-
man and Malay with five years office ex-
perience; traveled In China, Japan and In-
dia; desires situation. Box 184. Call office.
EXPERT Japanese wants situation; good cook,
housework and plain washing. 2 Eureka
Place, near Larkin and Bush st».
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third st.. near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night: It SO to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; fre«
'him and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
2 CHAMBERMAIDS and waitresses, $15 each.
MISS CULLEN, 825 Sutter st.
REFINED German nurse, $15. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
GIRL wash dishes, Yallejo, $10. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl and sew, $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter Bt.
RESTAURANT waitress, $6 per week. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT housework girl, sleep home, $12. MISS
CULLEN, 326 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES, country, $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter St.
WAITRESS, country. $20. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
NURSE, $18. country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
FRENCH governess. $25. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st^ *
LAUNDRESS, Institution, $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
HOUSFWORK Ctrl. Belvedere. $20; San Lean-
dro, $25; Va'lejo, $15; St. H lena. $20; 12 house-
work girls, city, J2') and $26; 6 young girls,
assist, $H1 to J1... MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
NEAT girl, assist, $10. 2 in family. MISS
CULLEN, 825 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN, 104 Geary St., wants to-day
head waitress, country. $25; head waitress,
sanitarium, $25; waitress. Nevada, $25. fare
paid; waitress, Bakersfleld, $20. fare ad-
vanced; waitress, Stockton, $20; 2 waitresses,
arm work, city, $20; lunch and dinner wait-
ress, $20; 2 restaurant waitresses, Vallejo,
?20; fancy Ironer, country hotel. $25 and
found; fancy ironer, ladies' wear, $35 and
free fare both ways. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
A C, X HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st., want
to-day cook and second girl for young ladies'
seminary, $25 and $15; 2 Jewish family cooks,
$25; cook, American family, $25; cook and
second girl for Jewish family, $25 and $20;
15 house girls, city. $20; young girls to assist,
$10, $12 and $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
PIANO player for a summer resort; see party
here 9 a. m. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
LAUNDRESS, country hotel. $25, fare paid; 10
waitresses, hotels and restaurants. $20 and $0
week; 2 Protestant and German second girls,
$20; 3 cooks, German style, $28; French seam-
stress, $25; and a large number of girls for
housework in city and country. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl, chamberwork and watting, plain
country hotel, $15; girl for chamberwork and
waiting, Santa Cruz County, $20; girls for
housework, country. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay at.
GERMAN cook, $25; second girl, $15; nurse,
$15; young girl to assist, $12; waitress, $15: 6
houseglrls, $20 each: 3 house girls, $25; woman
to assist on a ranch, fare paid, $15. MRS
NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
TAILOREBS wanted on vests. 10 Chelsea
place, off Bush st., bet. Powell and Stockton.
GIRL. 14, Oakland, assist housework; can at-
tend school; small wages. Address box 267
Call office
YOUNG girl for general housework, light
washing. $13. 720 Fourteenth st . above
Cmircn.
GIRL for general housework in a small fam-
ily. 2115 Broderick St.
GIRL to do general housework; references.
Box 7537, Call office.
GIRL for light housework. $5 month. Apply
store. Treat aye. and Twenty-fifth st.
TOUNG German girl for light housework and
take care of children; wages, $S to $10. 2517
Bush st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on vests. 95S Mission
street.
EXPERIENCED girl wanted on custom coats.
20 Ellis St.. room 2S.
WANTED a wetnurse. Call at 1633 Bush St.,
near Gough.
WANTED— German grirl to assist in houiework.
598 Sixth St.; grocery.
WANTED— GirI to learn fine vest making; paM
while learning. Rm. 115. Murphy building.
VEST hand wanted. Room 120, « Eddy st.
WANTED— A nice young girl to do plain cook-
ing and housework for a small family, no
children: must be neat and willing; will find
a good home and kind treatment; references
required. Call at 1261 Ellis, near Laguna.
EXPERIENCED hands on wrappers to work
on electric machines; steady employment.
STEUER. 416VJ, Ellis st.
LEARN dressmaking & milliner}'; positions
free; patterns 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
LEARN sewing at Keisler Ladles' Tailoring
College, 118 McAllister st.; patterns to order.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School, 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
HELP WANTED—
MAN and wife to take charge of place, $20,
light work. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GARDENER for a private family, $25 and
found, San Mateo Co.; man for private fam-
ily, 1 cow, 1 horse, Alameda Co., $15 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 638
Clay st.
A— FELT composition roofer, $3 day; 5 laborers
for manufacturing company, $20 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— FARMER and wife; 6 farm hands, $26; 3
choremen for ranches, etc., $15 and $12 MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— TYPEWRITER and stenographer, $50*
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St. *
A— 2s. COOKS for different places, hotels, res-
taurants and camps, $'.5, $45, and $30 and
found; 6 waiters for different places, $25 and
found; 5 dishwashers for different places $•>()
and $15. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 63«
Clay st.
A— BUTCHER for country Job, $30 and fonud:
bakery boy. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
A— NOW TO THE SAWMILLS
Edger hand $40 and found
3 men to pile lumber $30 and found
Man to handle logs $30 to $35 and found
86 woodchoppers »„ 55 tiemakers
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO THE .GREAT MINES
36 more laborers to do common work (no ex-
perience required); wages from $2 50 day; re-
duced railroad fare. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st. _
COOK and wife, $70: cook and dishwasher, $40
and $18; second cook and baker, $35. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. -
BELLBOY, country hotel, $15 and fare paid; t
bellboys, summer resort, $12 50; bellboy, city,
$10; porter, city, $15; porter for springs, $20;
and fare paid; houseman, country hotel, $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
HEAD waiter for springs, fare advanced. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
3 WAITERS, country. $30 and $35; 2 waiters,
$25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
NEAT waiter, country hotel, $35 and free fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
PIANO player for a resort, fare paid. see party
here. 9 a. m. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
COOK and helper, country hotel, $70, fare ad-
vanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
BLACKSMITH, country shop, $35 and found; 3
harness-makers; trunkmaker: 2 German
farmers, $20; 7 farmers, $20. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
100 LABORERS and teamsters for railroad
work, regular wages, free fare. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WE ship next Saturday for Skaguay— Laborers
and rockmen wanted. Write or call for par-
ticulars and rates on C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
10 LABORERS for a mine, wages from $1 60 to
$2 50 a day. reduced fares. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Hop-pickers, 200 men, women, boys
and families to pick hops for large company,
provisions advanced, good camping grounds
with' plenty of wood and running water, price
80c to $1 per 100 lbs; general utility man for
hotel in country, must he handy with tools,
$25 and found ; woodsman, near city, $30 and
board, long Job; 2 milkers. $30; 2 farmhands,
near city, $25; cook, country, $55, fare ad-
vanced; waiters, dishwashers and others. W.
D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
I WANTED— to milk 5 or 6 cows, make a
little butter and do chores on farm near city,
I $23 and board. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay.
WANTED boy to wait on officers, $25
per month and found. W. D. EWER <& CO.,
j 626 Clay st.
I WANTED— Electric motor engineer, $2 a day;
I timber-feller, $40 and found: 3 miners, $1 a
day and board; farmers and milkers for Napa,
Sonoma and Mendocino counties, $20 and $2."i;
j 50 laborers for country. $1 75 a day, fare re-
funded; slack work coopers, $30 and found;
blacksmith' 8 helper, $1 a day and board;
woodchoppers, $1 60 cord; cooks, waiters and
I . others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
[ Sacramento st.
; WANTED — man with some experience
at coffin-making to assist in undertaking es-
tablishment. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
■ WANTED— Waiter, $33; night waiter, $35;
young man as waiter, country restaurant,
I $20; hotel waiter, $2,*); butler, $40; attendant
for invalid, $25; gardener, nursery, $25;
groom, $30; second cook, $10 a week; 2 cooks,
$60; man about private place, $15: farmer,
small place, $15, etc. | ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton.
' 600 HOP PICKERS (anybody), from 80c to $1
r<er hundred pounds; fare $2 70: see foreman
at our office. R. T. WARD & CO., 610 Clay.
I TIMBER feller, $40 and board: planer man;
waiter, $25; cook. $25; scraper teamsters, $26;
kitchen hand, $15. R. T. WARD &. CO., 608
i and €10 Clay st.
WANTED— Bids for painting and paperhang-
Ing, etc. Call early. GIBBS, IS East st.
BARBER wanted Wednesday, Thursday and
Saturday afternoons steady. 605 Mission st.
AN old man; good home; small wages. 24
Howard st.
CABINET workers. Fourteenth and Harrison
streets.
WANTED— Bright boy; call forenoon. CAR-
SON GLOVE COMPANY, 35 Market st.
EXPERIENCED clerk for grocery; must be
well recommended. C. E. RETTER, corner
Greenwich and Baker sts.
YOUNG man to take care of 2 horses and
work around butcher shop. 1133 McAllister.
CARPENTERS wanted— sober steady first-
class men; wages $2 50 per day. Apply
HORRALD, 2282 Fifteenth st., near Castro.
8 a. m. - :
GOOD reliable man to drive milk wagon. 241
Seventh st. i .
! MAN to farm on shares; small capital. Ad-
dress box 270, Call office.
I CUTTER on men's kip work. D. R. WENT-
WORTH, West Berkeley.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie, 1164.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.: tel. Grant 136.
I GENT to take orders for printing. Apply P.
BOULIN. 519 Filbert st.
GENTLEMEN or ladles wanted for good sell-
ing article on salary or commission. 850
Market St., room 25.)
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
WANTED—/ •■ Montana House, 764% Mission,
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
- — , 1 __ .
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. | 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade in 8 weeks. San
Francisco Barber College. 13S^ Eighth st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis :st., near Jackson.
i MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling, 35c; only one! price. 959 Howard st.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Ro»edale, House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c- night; 75c and $1
, week. Llndel House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— Home in Protestant family with no
other roomers by wealthy young gentleman.
Address with full particular?, box 267. Call.
HOUSES | WANTED. "
WANTED immediately— A furnished house of
Bor 10 rooms at Fair Oaks or Menlo. Send
full particulars to W., box 328, Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS^
WILL pay spot cash for large safe with bur-
glar chest: also some office fittings. Ad-
dress box 266, Call office.
WANTED— rent; barber shop In country
town or hotel. J. F., box 261, Call office.
WANTED— Up to date novelties for country
towns California. Box 134. Call office.
. lost!
$5 REWARD— Lady's purse. Post st. or Fill-
more and Mission cars, containing $15 gold,
$5 or $6 silver; old halfpenny. Return to
1733 Sanchez st. f
$15 REWARD and no questions asked for the
return of lady's open-faced gold watch; ini-
tials "C. B."; small chain attached; lost
July 23; valued as i present. Return to 033
Post st. I
LOST— A bluish sky» terrier; ears not cut;
name Olp. Will pajl a liberal reward for its
delivery at DR. ZEyLE'S. 526 Pacific st.
LOST— Friday, In vicinity of Mall dock, double
harness pad. St. Lawrence Stables, Post St.;
reward. I • ..-••
_______ | FOUND.
FOUND— dog. Apply 8060 Twenty-
fourth st. : i :x *j<?*.-.BUSINESS CHANCES.
$350-^RESTAURANT and chop house on Market
and East sts.: investigate at once: a first-
class uffor; no reasonable price will be 're-
fuerJ if , '•y«'n before Thursday.' Call
WILKE. £45 Market st
A— s6ooo. bakery; one of the oldest and best-
known bakeries of this city, doing a large,
flrst-dars paying business; 6 horses; 3 wag-
ons; u?ing dally 12 barrels of flour; sickness
lof owner compels sale. Particulars WILKE,
545 Market st.
100-I'ARTNER wanted In a saloon and'lodg-
Ing-nouse: located on water front; doing a
paying business all the time and a rushing
trade with navigators; too much business for i
one man; Investigate at once: a fine business i
'■ ILKE & CO.. 845 Market st.
W-GERMAX boarding-house, with saloon; 9 !
furnished rooms: rent $20; surrounded by iron ;
foundries; a first-class opening and rare
chance. WILKE, £45 Market st.
W— RESTAURANT and chophouse; doing a j
nr! \ t " c i ass Paying business; close to Market
and 2,1 sts. ; low rent; Investigate; owner
must leave at once and no reasonable offer
refused. Call on R. G. WILKE 545 Market.
J--J400; PARTNER in first-class paying
ness, on Kearny St.. near . Market, clearing
easily $2;,0 per month; no opposition; a rare
chance. For particulars. WILKE, 546 Market.
$400 WILL buy to-day a restaurant and cof-
fee saloon in greatest manufacturing district
of city; worth double; finest fitted up place
there: receipts average from $fOO to $100<i per
month; rent only $S0; for a genuine bargain
this stands unrivaled; owner must go East
_M. LESS. 785 Market st.
$1200— DRY goods and gents' furnishings and
notion store; excellent corner In good part of
city; 3 nice living rooms and bath: invoice
value stock fully $1200; well raying business:
grand opening for any one; full Investigation
afforded; satisfactory reasons for selling. M.
LESS, 765 Market st., opp. Phelan building.
•A — BARGAIN unsurpassed and unequaled;
groceries, candles, branch bakery, notions,
stationery, etc. store, with 4 living rooms, on
principal ■ street, offered for sale at posi-
tively less than Invoice value of stock: own-
er there 6 years and must sell at once on
account of departure for East; business
speaks for Itself; rent only $15. M. LESS.
765 Market Bt.
PHO— CORNER saloon- down town; on Market
St.: no competition: doing excellent business;
room for large increase; could be enlarged
Into wholesale and retail liquor concern: no
better location in town for such purpose;
sickness cause sale. LESS. "Go Market st.
$500— CORNER saloon with 3 living rooms. In-
cluding furniture; good location principal
street; handsome place; neat and inviting:;
large stock; daily receipts $3: rare offer; gen-
uine bargain; hard to • duplicate It. Apply
M. LESS. 765 Market opp. Phelan bldg.
PARTNER wanted In saloon; steady man
required; part cash if necessary. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
FRUIT store, ■ horse and wagon: great
bargain. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny.
$150— PARTNER wanted In a good-paying res-
taurant. Mclaughlin, 23' Kearny st.
$400 — Grocery and bar; principal street; full
value In stock: 2 blocks of City Hall; a bar-
gain. Mclaughlin & co., 23 Kearny st.
$200— SALOON: half price this day. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$400— PARTNER wanted in the manufacturing
of staple goods; steady man required. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny It.
$3000— BAZAAR, plumbing and tinware busi-
ness; stock worth price: selling on account
of departure. McLAUGHLIN. 23 Kearny st.
A— KREDO & CO 224 Geary st.
Miscellaneous Business.
$3000— Interest pickle mfy.; clears $6000.
$1000— -•a Interest perfumes and extracts: est.
$1000— *_ interest paying livery and boarding.
$1100— Steam laundry: $1000 monthly.
$3500 — Drug store; exchange for realty.
$1000 — Candy mfy. and Ice cream parlors.
}. ■ Bakery; $SOO bakery and $400 bakery.
Many groceries, saloons and restaurants.
A CORNER grocery, bar and living rooms; nice
clean stock; $12 daily; must be -old this
week; make offer. KREDO & CO.
$100— BRANCH bakery and notions; living
rooms; 15 daily; a snap. KREDO & CO., i
224 Geary St.
$600 — WILL secure partnership in business In
live town near city doing $S£o monthly; no
opposition; must be man of strict Integrity
and a baker; refs. given and required: fullest
Investigation courted. City Agency, 850 Mkt
$100— FRUIT and produce stand; Western Ad- '.
dition; $55 a month guaranteed over ex-
pense?: a genuine bargain. City Agency, 850
Market st.
A— SSOO— MEAT market: receipts $46' day cheap
rent. ROGERS & HYDE. 1208 Market st.
FIRST-CLA.SS restaurant on Market; $260; I
$150 cash. ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market St.
A— RESTAURANT and building; long lease.
ROGERS £ HYDE. 1206 Market at.
HIGH! cash prices paid for ■ restaurants, I
saioons, fixtures, grocery stocks. STE.\BERQ '
& CO., .6^. ... St. .-
S4SO— CORNER grocery and bar; big paying;
living rooms: sacrifice account of death in
• family. STENBERG & CO., 264 Kearny.
$250— SALOON— 7 furnished rooms, billiards,
dining room, kitchen, rent $15 a month. BA-
SILE, £734 Market st
$200— GREAT sacrifice; fish market; fine 'busi-
ness; 3 living rooms; low rent. BASILE, 8734
Market st.
NEAT corner bakery and notion store; 4 sunny
rooms; furnished: rent $15; large stock; good
business; : rice $150. RAND & CO., 917 Market.
$225 — PARTNER wanted; corner cigar store;
receipts. $18 to $20 per day and clearing $75
per month each; trial given; must have help. ;
Apply RAND & CO., ill Market st
$350— PARTNER wanted; light business; suited ',
to plain, steady man satisfied with $40 to $30
a week: no experience required; trial given.
Apply from 3 to 5 p. m. at 724',v Market, r. 17.
$1200— RESTAURANT and lodging house of 10
rooms doing good business; for sale on ac-
count of age. Address Box 20S, Call Office.
GOOD bakery for sale cheap; on retirement !
from business; 2 wagons; reasonable rent and •
long lease. Apply Call office.
GROCER 1, saloon; four-room furniture for i
pale; fine corner; no "position. Address G.
E.. box 263, Call office. I
TO be Bold at once; an old established barber ;
shop; cause, ill health. 21& Broadway.
FOR SALE— 4-chair barber shop on account of
sickness. 102 Seventh Ft., near Mission.
$250— CORNER saloon; bargain; this day. Me- j
LAUGHHX &■ CO., 23 Kearny st.
NICELY furnished restaurant: must be sold;
see at once; cash. 310 Third St.
OLD-ESTABLISHED drinking saloon for sale i
* cheap. Inquire at CM) Sacramento, nr. Kearny.
2000 ACRES of coal land in one body on Coos !
Bay. Oregon, lying south of and joining the
' Newport Tract, the best known and most :
successfully worked vein in Southern Oregon. !
It lies 24 miles from deep water at the en- :
trance of Coos Bay proper, with a depth of
2" feet of water, with good anchorage and :
the best natural advantages for a coaling
station on the Pacific Coast. This tract con-
tains '.wo veins, the upper at an average \
depth of 1M feet. 4 feet in thickness: the sec-
ond vein, 150 feet lower, averaging 6 feet, and
known as the Newport vein. (withstanding
the depth of these veins there Is free drain-
age to three-fourths of the field. There is also
timber enough on the tract for all mining
purposes For further particulars apply to
NEIL MUNRO, box 16, Marshfleld, Or.
$150— BRANCH bakery and notions; 3 living
rooms; cash trade: wagon, etc.; a bargain.
City Agency, ?50 T_r_rket st.
BEST-PAYING restaurant In Oakland; promi-
nently located, corner 2 principal streets: no
opposition: clearing $200 a month; sacrificed
for $C"0; reason for selling, owner compelled
to go to Europe: trial given before ..buying.
Address Owner, Call office. Oakland.-
$100— CANDY and cigar store; 3 living rooms;
furniture; cheap rent; sacrifice; 6icknens
cauae of sale; with or without furniture. 028
Third fct ' ■ ]
BARBER two chairs. 15c shop, for sale; a
barpain; in Vallejo: must sell: have other i
business. 225 Georgia st . Vallejo. I
FOR SALE— 'soo<l paying" Iras; store at in-
voice. Box 306, Call oface. j
BARB! Bhcp, 1 chair; also building 12x16. |
tMO; great bargain; good business; at Shasta 1
Hprlngs. Address H. B. BASHAM. Dunsmuir. ;
Cal. ■ ■ ; I
FOR sale— On account of departure, small laun-
dry; the bes-t thing for married couple; cheap
rent Inquire ,at 236 Ellis st. . .
RESTAURANT for sale: one of the .best loca- ;
tions in the city; south of Market St. ; on ac- '.
count of sickness. Inquire at 258 Minna st.
FOR SALE— fine restaurant in good location
and doing a good business. Inquire at 216
E. Main st. Stockton.
$1100— CORNER grocery and saloon for sale.
Box 431. Call office.
FOR sale— Cigar store. Corner Sixteenth and
Mi-KiO!l StS.
FOR sale— saloon; cheap. 422. Kearny st
SOBER Fteady plumber and tinsmith can take
long-used shop In center if town St Helena;
German preferred: rent $10 month. • Address
ROSSI & ANDERSON. St. Helena, v. ;•:: 1
ACROSS bay laundry; horse, wargon and. Im-
plements; cheap; must be sold on account of
departure. Address box 303, Berkeley. ..•>
BRANCH bakery; notion and candy -store} -2
living rooms ; $150. ?05% Filbert sf -
HALF or whole Interest In good paying, butcher
shop: cash business; elegant fixtures: central
location. D., box 3, Call office, Oakland.
FOR sale — Call route at San Jose. For par- i
ticulars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CCS, 410 Sacramento st J
PERSONALS.
NOU^Nou— Mailed three letters. I am well
and I am waking. Hayward P. 0., Cal.
' ;•--•--• . . ; - TOUTI. ;
JOSEPfr GREVISN'i vocal pupils are public
■ favorites all over the United States: profes-
sional terms, $10 monthly,"' In advance, for
lessons weekly, only, for those. who start in
before the beginning of the season— c.,
August 10. 1236 Market St.
r~V BUSINESS PERSONALS.
I STUDY to make halrdressing an art: my art-
] Jets carry out my Ideas: hairdresslng, 25c;
i hair restored to. natural color. $150 up; good
I switches, $1; finest. $3 50: extra, $5; open Sun-
day. 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.;
QUINONIA Hair Tonic; refreshing preparation;
removes dandruff. G. LEDERER.IU Stockton.
J. A. WOLF, formerly member of the tailoring
firm Curley & Wolf. S. F., Is now in business
| at room 11, Macdonough building, Oakland.
i LITHO engraving battleship Maine, framefl
| and unframed; framing with glass 7x9 inches.
I 10c: SxlO and 10x12. ISc; 11x14 and 12x16, 20c:
14x17. 25c; 16x20. We; ISx22. One; 20x24. 45c; 22_
2S, 60c; curtain poles complete, 15c; rm. mold-
ing,p.!l colors, lc ft;open eve.Jones.s47 Mission.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
I House 44 Third st., near Market: 200 rooms,
! 25c to $150 per night: $150 to $6 per week;
I free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
! MRS JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. 579 Geary St.
J H\UPTLI'S Hair Store has removed to 1036
Market; halrdressing. popular prices.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
| MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth El, Alameda.
i SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
BAN ' FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market ft.
! MME GOLDSTEIN— Elegant, stylish dreses, $5
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy St.. rm. 14-1&.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
KREDO & CO "'•> Geary st.
Money to loan at low Interest •■•■••••
290 rooms; clears $4000 yearly •••■*5?X?
£0 rooms; apartmer.t house _£;
SS'roonis; rent S»: . doctor pays $50 SvO
20 rooms; best-paying transient it*
17 rooms; Jones St.; all full; a snap .00
15 rooms; Third St.; clears $45 ?.a
12 rooms; Ellis St.; clears $40 jOO
11 rooms; Larkin-st. corner: central..... iw
10 rooms; best little house; O * arrell St.. b6O
9 rooms; Leavenworth St.; cheap rent., k'
Also BO and 53 rooms to exchange for Oak-
i land or city realty. KREDO & CO
A— WJB ROOMS; near Baldwin $6250
15 rooms; new and good •••••• »j~
! 32 rooms; sunny corner: running water.. livjfl ,
14 rooms; transient ■•._*! '
21 rooms; s<"lect; transient corner 1600.
22 rooms; fine sunny corner ;•"_"• hw
51 rooms; fine for transients; part cash... 10
66 rooms; transient: best _ city; cheap.
52 rooms; rent $80; come quick..;.. ••••;••• ™»
14 rooms; rood transient house; O Farrell 1200
46 rooms Market St.; clears $200; cheap . ICOQ
ROGERS & HYDE 1206 Market sttL W.
Rogers. form clerk for H. O. Decker.)
9 ROOMS, rent $40: near -rnia Bank.
21 rooms near Orpheum; rent $100.
•A. M.' SPECK_& CO.. 602 Market st.
FOR SALE— Completely furnished 22 rooms
with cheap rent. 13 and 154 Powell st Apply
to GREEN BROS., owners, on premises.
M FURNISHED rooms, corner house; trade for
I lots. 1352 Market St.. room 4.
FURNITURE "WANTED.
H BAUM buys furniture and general roer-
chandls*. 1057 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 33. ;
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works-Cleans,
moves. lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS Mgr.. ;
88 and 40 Eighth it : telephone South 250.
i .WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
' ■end to SPAULDING'S ■ Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40. |
J. McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-Cleaning Co., 453 j
'Stevenson St.; tel. South 226: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co 402 Sutter St.; |
tel. Main 354. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: relald at Sc.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth et.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E -MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 240 14th ,
St.: cleaning Sc a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Work*. 533 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126. ;
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
-■-•■-■ ■■ EDUCATIONAL. ~~. ~~
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post Book- j
keej>ing, bus-ness practice, shorthand, _ typ- j
Jngv telegraphy, languages, English branches; I
-electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc. 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue. , '
NEW assortment of catchy comedy pieces and
latest war recitations for parlor, platform or
stage use, taught by Mrs. Klncaid at her
School of Elocution and Expression^ Alcazar
building, 120 O' Farrell st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
individual Instruction in shorthand, typing.
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
MR. AND MRS. DICKINSON'S Academy, 1247
Franklin st. co-edunatlonal boarding and day
school: complete English, French, German
and Spanish education, art, $30.
UNIVERSITY coast— Newell Perry. Ph. 8., Fel-
low in Mathematics. U. C, 2407 S. Atherton,
r.r.Channlng way. Berkeley: write for circular.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve. ;
est,lBC4. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
DON'T waste time on forms; practical lesson-
in bookkeeping and arithmetic. Address box
441. Call office.
PIANO, organ, violin, guitar, mandolin; BOe
per lesson; at pupil's home; reference. Box
445, Call. '
PIANO and German lessons. 75c; pupil of Con-
servatory in Leipslc. 110 Hyde st. ' '
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr, E72 Parrott bldg.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary st.
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month: references,
private lessons ; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
TOII SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
CAMERA and banjo, sell or trade; trunk pre-
ferred. Box 313/ Call Office.
TEN shares Building and Loan Association
Stock, b7 months old. book value $125 40 per
share; make cash offer. Address box 298, Call.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
A SANDEN electric belt; one-third cost. Box
2'A Call office.
50.000 OLD brick for sale. Bush and Powell.
Cheap. . .
A FINE thing for a present; full line of
grajjhoiihonep. $10 each and upward. PIERCE
& CO.. 313 Emporium building.
SECOND-HAND lumber; 2xlo, 2xB. 2x6, 2x3.
Buchanan Ft., . near Jackson. i
PHONOGRAPHS.- $20; records. $5 per dozen:
projectoEcope. $100. Bacigalupi, 938-946 Market. '
FOR sale— Small Otto gas engine. Apply sa-
■ loon. ISO 2 Seventh st. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS windmill, 2 large tanks, brass
pump, .pipes, etc. 711 Treat aye.
BOILER, 42x14, with steam drum, complete;
■ will test v 175 pounds. WHITE, 616 Mission.
$137 SO— FISHER upright piano; good condition;
$10 down and $5 a month. 223 Sutter st.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, elect]
, goods; new. 2d band. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
! SCALE, safe, cbffee-mill, desk, letter press
cheap, at 621 Mission st.
J. R. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; teL So. 737.
BOILERS, engines, hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH .v WOLPMAN. Fremont & Howard.
SAFES, new and second hand, cheaper than
ever.' Hermann Safe Mate, Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains ln new and second hand; all
sizes; half original cost 109-111 Market. B. F.
BARS, showcases, counters, ihelvins etc"
• bought and sold. 1062 Mission st, nr. Seventh.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
CM.; Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
paid.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. ™
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty^ private;
no fee without success; collections. o w.
HO.WE. a i t >' a . ' law - S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no char«» unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. M 7 Market st.
ALL private law cases. Insolvency; collections,
• free atlylce; open cv. AttyMcCabe. 103 Larkin.
L. S. CLARK— Emma' Sprockets bldg , 927 Mar- '
ket; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADV-TCIC -free on all. 'legal- matters. T. F.
SXACK. 14 McAllister st. : room 64. , -
-■;'■' WING MACHINES. :.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic, Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL .kinds bought,, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates.' 206 Fourth at.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 26, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
I A— BEAUTIFUL, sunny; 10 rooms and bath;
I ' Golden Gate aye. ; $30 to first-class tenant.
SPECK & CO., 60? Market st.
AT 715 Sutter, near Taylor— Unsurpassable for
doctor- or dressmaker; workroom 25x35; choice
for business and residence combined.
BAY-WINDOW house, 4 rooms and basement;
2104 Perry at.; rent $12 50; water free. Apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
[ ELEGANT S-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cali-
I fornia and Lake sts. ; prices will surprise
I you. MARCUSE & REMMEL. 628 Market st.
ELLIS.* 1472, near Buchanan— r. and b. and
I planked basement
! GOLDEN GATE aye.. nr. Webster— lo r. and
I 1 b. ; modern improvements; $50.
j OAK. 421— Stylish Eastlake residence. 8 rooms j
and bath; latest Improvements; $35.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$25— 3-STORY house; 7 rooms and bath; partly
I rented. 113 Olive aye., near Polk st.
$25— HOUSE 7 rooms, bath; cellar, yard. 483
I Halght st.
$25— HOUSE of 10 rooms, bath; garden; base-
ment; sunny belt. 109 Cumberland St.. be-
tween lath and 20th. Guerrero and Dolores.
$60— ELEGANT comer house; 10 rooms, bath
and basement; hot-air heaters throughout.
4^5 Baker st.. cor. Grove; call bet. 10 and 4.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
A GENTLEMAN having a nine-room furnished
house near city desires a tenant who would
°° on him In exchange for rent. Address
box 280. Call office. _.
COTTAGES TO LET.
NEWLY renovated cottages, 5 rooms bath;
basement; yard; cheap. 1876 16th. nr. Dolores.
TWO cottages, 4 and 5 rooms, 153-155 Erie st.
near Folsom. between Thirteenth and Four-
teenth; rent to suit times. Apply on premises.
————————
FLATS TO LET.
A-HOWARD, 1720. nw. cor. Erie, nr. Thir-
teenth— rooms; choice; sunny; $25; water
; tree; key at 1722 Howard; appreciated if seen.
AN elegant flat 7 rooms and bath, $35. 625 Post
AT 1703 Scott, NW. cor. Sutter— 6 big rooms;
choice; sunny; $25; water free; appreciated if
seen; key at corner. 2300 Sutter st.
A NEW modern flat. 6 rooms, bath, yard
basement. ' 6398 Minna st. bet. 7th and Bth. '
BEAUTIFUL flat, 8 > rooms, bath; every conve-
nience; $30. 1506 Geary st.
FULTON 118— Fine sunny middle flat, 7 rooms
and bath; near City Hall; $2S.
FLAT of 8 rooms. 254 Harriet st., between
Harrison and Bryant. Sixth and Seventh.
FLAT— 3 sunny rooms and basement. 229 ollvij
aye.
FOLSOM. 930. bet. 6th and 6th— r. and b.; $14
APHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st I
GEARY, 1917 — 4 nice rooms; bath; toilet; cellar; I
yard; furnished; hall; gas; $18; water free.
HOWARD. Brick bldg; 5 r. and b • $25
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st j
ISIS, 1, between Twelfth and Thirteenth. Fol-
som and Harrison— 4 rooms, with stable.
LANGTON, 37— sunny flat, 5 rooms and !
bath.
116»4 Perry st ; $10; flat, 4 rooms.
ASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., 638 Market, j
MCALLISTER. 1263— clean, convenient
upper flat, 7 rooms, bath; appreciated If seen.
MCALLISTER, 1723, nr. Broderlck— B r. and b ; !
rent $25. ASHTON CO.. 411 Montgomery st. !
NEW sunny flats. 6 and 7 rooms; latest Im-
provements. 1144 Golden Gate aye., near
Webster st
PAGE, 472, near Webster— Handsome flat 7|
rooms; latest improvements; rent reasonable; :
references required.
PAGE. 4S4 — 3 sunny rooms, bath; furnished or
unfurnished; rent low; inquire 9 to 12.
POST. 80S. near Taylor— Lower part; i rooms;
unfurnished.
SIXTH, C3GA— Upper flat S rooms; bath; large
yard; rent $13; water free.
STORE and 4 rooms: also flats, 4 rooms and
bath: rent $12 and $13. 1463, 1465. 1467 and
1475 Fifteenth st.
SUNNY bay-window 3 rooms, bath, basement. ;
19 Hampton pi. off Folsom St., bet. 2.1 and 3 1.
SUPERIOR down-town flats. 7 and 9 rooms;
strictly modern; sun In every room; large
closets; natural wood finish. 813 and 817 Hyde.
SUTTER, 16138. nr. Ootavia— 7 r. and b : $30^
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st
TWO flats . and stable; rent reasonable. In-
quire 5204 Jessie st. |
UPPER flat. « rooms, bath. 210H Twelfth st.
VALENCIA, 4C9, r.r. 16th— « r. and b. ; rent $16. i
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN _ HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
2 SUNNY flats 4 rooms: rent $11 and $9. RA and j
23 Dearborn St., off 17th, above Valencia.
6- ROOM flat to let: furniture for sale; modern;
I low rent. Box 453, Call office.
j $14— SUNNY flat 5 rooms. 724 Harrison St.,
between Third and Fourth.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 in
kitchen and 1 In bedroom, with suit to match:
furniture all new; $3 per week; suitable for
! 4or 5 persons. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mis-
I sion St., between First and Second sts.
EDDY, 917— Nicely furnished sunny connecting
housekeeping rooms; second floor; gas range. !
| FIFTH, 353— Clean, sunny furnished double
parlors; kitchen, bath; $20; single bedroom,
|4. $5. i
FRANKLIN. 203. cor. Fell— 2 sunny furnished
rooms; bath, kitchen.
I GOLDEN GATE aye., 1200— Sunny furnished
! basement; complete for housekeeping; private.
j GROVE. 202. corner Van Ness— Elegant sunny
j 2 and 3 room suites, with gas range.
JESSIE, 355—1 or 2 front rooms and kitchen for
housekeeping; separate entrance; private.
JESSIE, 333— Large sunny furnished house-
keeping room, $8; or 2 rooms, $13.
LAFAYETTE, 31, between Eleventh and
Twelfth — 4 housekeeping rooms; rent $12.
MARKET, 1028 Large, sunny front room and
kitchen; folding-bed; closet; $12; call after j
7 evenings.
MINNA, 546— let furnished rooms for
housekeeping. .
MISSION, 945—2 large sunny rooms; complete
for housekeeping; call for 3 days.
MISSION, Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms, complete.
MISSION, 1415— Unfurnished large sunny front
rooms; connecting or single.
NATOMA. 605—2 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; also single rooms. '
NINTH, 20— Front bay window suite; gas, run-
ning water, oil or gas stove; $15. '
OAK, 119—1 small front room, furnished for
light housekeeping for 2, $5.
OAK. 515— 2 large sunny unfurnished front;
running water; gas; bath; upper flat; cheap.
POLK, 605— Large sunny neat alcove room and !
kitchen; large closets at back; gas bath.
POWELL, 944— Rooms for housekeeping; also
6lngle rooms for gentlemen. |
SECOND, 615— A sunny furnished floor, 3 rooms ]
; an dbath; rent $14.
SOUTH PARK. 184—2 large sunny rooms nicely !
furnished for housekeeping.
SIXTH 314— Front baywindow suite with
kitchen, furnished for housekeeping; $13.
SITTER 1148— Front suite; also 2 or 3 very
nice rooms for light housekeeping; gas and
bath. '•
TURK. 543— Large front room; stove; complete
for housekeeping: -as and bath; $10.
TEHAMA 808, near Fourth St.— Two rooms
complete for housekeeping; to parties with-
out children, cheap.
TURK, 810— One newly sunny furnished room;
use of kitchen.
TWELFTH, 230 C —Nicely furnished sunny
• housekeeping rooms: private family.
WASHINGTON, 10204— Unfurnished rooms ' for
housekeeping.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
LOWER floor; 3 clean sunny rooms; separate
entrance; nice grounds; central. 615 l.'.th st.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT 52 Second— Nice single, double and, light
housekpg rms; week, $1 to $2 50; day. 25 to 50c.
A— SELECT home Hotel Florence 102 Ellis.
cor. Powell; elevator; ' baths; . best : attention.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; ' reasonable:
v Com Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st; trunks
moved to any part of -city, .25c; tel. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st— Ple*«_nt
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable. : ;:.;*. f -
AT 603 Hyde, Butter 715-717-719, 8294 and Mason
Choice; sunny; reasonable; investigate.
AT 147 Powell, 211 O'Farrell— Rooms •by the
[ day, week or month; very reasonable.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
AT 416 O'Farrell— Nice Bunny rooms, single
. and en suite; $7 up; everything first-class.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths, gas; very reasonable.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Two blocks from princi-
pal hotels; newly furnished; all conveniences.
CLIFFORD, 204, Ellis cor. Mason— Sunny suits
and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, Pleasant front suite; 2 beds; other
clean, sunny rooms; $6 up; quiet.
EDDY, 207 Nicely furnished single and double
rooms; privilege light housekpg; $5 mo. up.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 week.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— week and up; i
nice, clean, sunny single and double rooms.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 336— Nicely furnished
front sunny rooms en suite or single.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GIRARD House, cor, Howard and 7th— Nice
sunny rms. ; also housekpng.; very reasonable.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GRAND SOUTHERN, S. E. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Handsomely fur-
nished sunny front room; running water; pri-
vate family; reasonable. .
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, ! Furnished rooms; $4 per
month; also housekeeping.
HYDE, 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Unfurnished
sunny corner suites; running water, bath and
gas; first-class every respect; terms reasnble.
JACKSON, JBOIA— A large bay-window, sunny
furnished room fronting on Larkin and Jack-
son; a splendid view of bay; gas and bath.
JONES, 207— Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms reasonable; gas, water, bath; central.
MCALLISTER. 2204— Nicely furnished single
and double rms.; reasonable; opp. City Hall.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week.
MISSION. 1430— One large sunny furnished bay-
window room; also single room; rent reason-
able. .
NICELY furnished rooms; family or single,
with board or without; nice view of the ocean
and Golden Gate. Apply to R. MENGES,
Ocean Terrace. Sutro Heights.
O'FARRELL, Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator, electric lights, day, week or month.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Furnished and unfurnished.
TAYLOR, 706 — A small sunny room for gentle-
man.
TENTH, 319 A —Nice sunny front room fur-
nished: *' per week; private family.
TURK, 127— Large front sunny room for an
office; also housekeeping.
TURK. Nicely furnished room suitable for
gentleman; $5 per month; private and quiet.
TURK, 539— Nicely furnished single and double j
rooms. $6 month up: bath, gas; housekeeping. |
ROOMS AND BOARD. i
FOLSOM, 511— Swedish private bearding, with ;
I room, $4 to $5 per week: r.lce location.
1 HYDE, HCs(Hotel Victoria)— sunny rooms;
I bath, gas, telephone; with breakfast, $10 mo.
: THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
THE HEATH. 312 Eddy— family board-
ing house: first-class all appointments; hot
water every room; home cooking; terms mod.
THE Bingh.im, 807 California— Sunny rooms,
with good board; reasonable; home cooking.
VALENCIA. 1070— The Irving will be opened
the Ist of August as a first-class family
boarding-house, with bright, sunny rooms;
furnished or unfurnished; with large grounds;
In warm belt of Mission: reasonable terms.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; fur-
nished room for parents. 51 Clara st.
FRENCH lady boards children or infant; !
mother's care: nice home. 1107 Clay st.
STORES TO LET.
CITY Hall square, Large light store; $50.
ABHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
$11— STORE, fixtures, 3 sunny living rooms;
kitchen adjoining. 1008 Natoma st, near 11th.
TURK, 422. near Larkln— Store; $16. ASHTON
_ GARDINER, 411 Montgomery 8t,,..^..
GOLDEN GATE AYE., 1334— Nice store: flx-
I tures complete and 6 living- roomr- rent rea-
sonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1154— Store; 4 rooms;
suitable for a barber shop.
SIXTH. 536 — Store; 3 rooms; large yard; rear
entrance; rent $11.
STORE— 3IOO Mission St., cor. Thirtieth: rent
$25. Apply to MRS. HORSTMAN. 7 Thirtieth.
STORE, fixtures, showcase; suitable for candy
and bakery: 4 living rooms in rear; rent rea-
sonable. 2548 Folsom st.
__—___- _________________________ ■
OFFICES to LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building, 927 Market St.—
Light cheerful offices, $15 to $20.
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union building—
Elegant office? for rent.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6 !
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
' payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
{.-. per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
: Stefnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
cts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. '
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26 2S and 30 .O'Farrell st. Pianos,, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices; terms easy; prices low-
est: everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
BEAUTIFUL $350 piano, walnut case, finest
condition, $185 cash; party must sell. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, 16-18-20 O'Farrell St., Chick-
ering agents.
WE invite critical examination; new store, new
goods. CLARK WISE & CO., 41 Geary St.,"
corner Grant aye., Conover agents.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans.
Brlggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308, 310 312 Post st.
FINE upright for $150; come early If you want
to secure a bargain. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO., 769 Market st.
AN elegant high-grade upright good as new;
make offer. Room 12. Flood building:.
$5 INSTALLMENTS; Emerson piano, $80; cost
$400. 221 Leaven worth st
ELEGANT new pianos for rent. $2 50 month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
A— s3s; FINE-TONED piano, first-class condi-
tion; must sell. 1361 Folsom st., cor. Tenth.
AN upright piano, nearly new; brilliant, pow-
erful tone; cheap. 216 McAllister st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st. ,
"AD" smallest; price lowest: uprights. $75 up;
rents, $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st
A GOOD upright very cheap. 18 McAllister
St.. next Hibernia Bank. 6CHMITZ.
KNABB pianos; new scale; • new styles.
KOHLER * CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new, H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
HORSES.
FOR SALE— Handsome standard bred bay
mare, black points; 16 hands 1 Inch high;
age 5 years; weight 1090 lbs.; sound and gen-
tle; sired by Election, by Electioneer, dam by
Wormwood, by Nutwood, COO, grand dam by
Jno. Nelson; well broken; trial given: price
$150; also gent's double seat road cart; good
as new; Frazler's special make; price $si>.
Inquire 347 Fremont St., In rear.
SELL or trade, splendid pony and two excel-
lent riding horses for sale; 5 years' old. 10S
Stockton st.
10 HORSES for sale; also wagons, bupgies.
carts, harness; Grand , Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DC I.E. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE— head horses: must be sold. Ap-
ply Tomklnson's Livery Stable, 67-61 Minna
St.. between First and Second.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia st.
~. "WAGONS' AND CARRIAGES.
FOR sale— Horse and wagon in good shape;
suitable for peddling. 446 Sixth st. . .. -
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also l hack. £28 Harrison st. .
SPECIAL Bale of harness and vehicles! Lie.
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin. opp. City Hall.
STORAGE.
PIERCE-BUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office. Tenth and Market: telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, trunks.' etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse. 840 Mission St.; tel. Mint IS2I.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BETTER TIMES COMING.
The wise man buys now, before prices go up;
rare bargains. See A. M. SPECK & CO. • : ,
— Lot 100x100 feet and nice 5-room cottage;
on car line; near city limits.
$4000— Store and flats; rents $600 yearly; close
to McAllister and Buchanan.
$5000— nice flats; near Hlbernia Bank; ac-
tual rents,; s72o yearly.
Leavenworth st., near California; 2 elegant
8 and C room residences; rents $700; 40 feet
frontage.
$13,250— Mason st.; corner; 82:6x82:6; good im-
provements; must be sold.
— Geary st., near Kearny; north side;
3-story brick improvements; rents $190.
$52,500— Corner; near Orpheum Theater; 60-
foot frontage.
$60,000—8 stores and 40 of flees; good brick
building; lot 98x108:9; 2 frontages.
$130,0(10— corner investment; 100-ft. front:
modern 4-story building, all rented for almost
$10,000 per annum; within block of Baldwin
Hotel; mortgage $80,000 can remain.
$18.500 — Broadway residence, near Buchanan;
lot 60x128 feet; unsurpassed marine view.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st.
FURNISHED (or unfurnished) 8-room house;
Western addition; desirably situated and bay
view; a bargain; immediate possession. THE
REYNOLDS CO.. 403 Examiner building. ,
MAKE an offer; will sell cheap; modern cot-
tage and lot 25x95: 19 Sheridan St.. bet. Ninth
and Tenth; $1000 can remain for 4 years with
Hibernia. Bank. P. COWAN, 272 Stevenson
St., pit Fourth.
FOR SALE— Twenty-first St., near Bryant; 7-
room cottage; open Sunday from 1 to 4 p. m.
J. FLAHERTY, builder, 1207 Market, nr. Bth.
$650 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage
complete; will call. SALSBURY. Builder,
621 X st, Sunset District.
2 WELL-PAYING houses for sale reasonable;
fine location. 1335 Market st.
PLANS, specifications, etc., submitted for any
kind of building. W. W. RIiDNALL, builder.
1328 Hayes. . ■ •-,-jy.-
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
AN income home in Santa Cruz Mountains; 3
miles from Ben Lomond; 20 , acres orchard;
berries; running water: all can be Irrigated
if desired; house of 4 rooms, barn, horse,
tools, chickens, etc. price $1800. BOODY &
SL.AVEN, Mills building, 29, second floor. ,
GOOD Income ' home in Novato, 12 acres,
water: cheap. WM. BAUER, . Novato, Ma-
rin Co. . . - .?. >■•.'-.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY.
Medical clairvoyant and medium, will diag-
nose diseases and treat with revealed reme-
dies, which are a boon to suffering humanity;
stamp for circular. 232 Stockton st. ■
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE, 1104 Market st.
(Vcndome building)— Trance medium; unites
the separated; changes luck; locates burled
treasures; letters answered: inclose stamp.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
Bight; diagnose disease, full life reading: la.
EOc, gents {1; palm, andclalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. LENEMAR: fortune by planets: predict-
ed In '74 overdue stmr., people on island. 22Vi
Sixth st., room 0.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st.
j YOUR future told by cards; ladles, 10c; gents,
25c. 221 Sixth st.
MME. MOREAU best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future: 25c. 148 Sixth St.. room 10.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pro-
fession: never falls: advice: help. 929 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
SEANCE to-night. 8 p. m. 25c: Wed. 12 o'clock.
Mother Sadie seance. 109 Leavenworth st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle • to-
night, 10c. 603 McAllister. Come skeptics. .
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, trance
test medium and life reader. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st. ; read-
Ings. $1; clr. Tues.. Frl., 2 p. m.; Sat. 8: 25c.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 212^4 Sixth st.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. CHANDLER— Lecture Sunday eve. 805
L&rkln: readlnsrs dally nt res.. SCI Geary tit.
■ . ■;;. HYPNOTISM r ~
TO-NlGHT— Occidental Hall: sick healed free.
DR. S. TURMAK, 305 Larkln st.
HYPNOTISM taught, diseases and habits cured;
send for Journal. CAL. INSTITUTE. 402'; Geary.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles— C only jJr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalid?, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any diseases or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delienev, privacy, home.
etc.; babies adopted: travelers treated- no
delay: self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 122S Market
st.; pills, $1; very strong, $2; cure, $5.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours; safe and sure' at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used:
travelers helped at once; home in confine-
ment: every case guaranteed; consultation
free and confidential: self cure. $5; pills, $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 208 Turk St.. near Jones.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price, $1 50 per box. sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye.. •S. P. A — Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
DR. WISE, late of Bellevue Hospital. N. V. :
offices. Hackmeler Hotel, 123 Eddy st. ; hours
9 to 11, 2 to 5 and 6 to 8; consult him for
treatment on all diseases peculiar to women;
patients assured first-class medical attend-
ance, besides enjoying privacy of home with
experienced lady attendants; strictest confi-
dence maintained all cases: consultation free.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or instru-
ments used: restores in one day without fall;
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace; consultation free: can be sent and used
at home: pills and capsules. $1: cure. $5; by
the well-known DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause: no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office. $8; travelers helped instantly:
home for patients; consult free: confidential.
DR. AND MRS. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
LADIES. Chiehester's English Pennyroyal Pills j
(Diamond Brand), best; rafe. reliable: take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars,
"Relief for Ladles": letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; prlca
1160: RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Ca!.
LADIES wishing secrecy during confinement
can find good home & treatment by Mrs. Karr,
2514 Fulton st. ;. McAllister car passes house.
DR. HALL. 1223 Market st., diseases of women
and children. ;
MRS. ARCHBARD. midwife: home in confine-
- ment: confinement alone. $.". 156 Second st.
~"~ DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and: thin^jrarranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. EOc; crowns. $3 30; all
work painless and warranted. Chicapo. Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.'
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. nr. 11th;
no charge for <-->-"-ncting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of. painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or tee\
■without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up: fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. HI Market St., cor. Sixth. • . "■•• -
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. 969 Mission, cor. Sixth.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1311 Polk st. . ,
TYPEWRITERS.
NEW Hammond, $33; Caligraph, $15; Yos $25;
get sample work. ■ SCOTT. 333 Montgomery.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
TO LEASE. j
THE old building of the" Y. M. C. A.. 232
Sutter st.; long lease; .very, low terms- can
be rented as a whole or in divisions: large
and splendid location; no reasonable rent re-
fused. Apply to MADISON & BURKE.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$75 UPWARD; lots la the Allendale Tract, East
Oakland; $5 cash, $5 monthly.
$450 for a 4-room cottage; terms to suit.
$125 upward— Lots in Gallndo Tract. East
Oakland; nothing like these lots for double the
money anywhere: but a few left and must be
sold: fine schoolhouse; 2 electric car lines;
streets all graded and macadamized: city water
and sewer; nice homes surrounding. Call or
send for circular, 455 Seventh st., cor. Broad-
way, Oakland. H. 2. JONES, owner.
WILL be sold; new modern 7-room house:
large lot: everything up to date; will rent
to pay 12 per cent on Investment; opposite
school in Elmhurst. Write or call on T. B.
DRAPER, owner. In house.
J. CALLAGHAN. real estate dealer, notary
rub' 1 '- property' linked after 814 Broadway
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
RESIDENCE: 9 room»; bath; barn; largn lawn.
tennis court; conservatory: ent '-heap; oen-
tral; 589 24th St.. nr. Grove.- Apply owner, R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle Fact.. 1622 Grove.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND HOARD.
SUNNY rooms with board; quiet neighborhood;
near local trains. 1020 Adeline «t., Oakland.
ALL conveniences; new furniture; housekeeping
or single: board optional; $3 month up. 670
Broadway -
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh Bt. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMKDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA BARGAIN s" "
$1300— Lot 33:4x100; neat house; 4 rooms and
bath; any terms.
$1500 — Lot 26x150; nice house; 5 rooms and
bath; any terms.
$2200— 25x147; nice new shingled 2-story
house; 6 rooms and bath.
$1500 — Lot ' 40x100; 2-stOry; 7 rooms; worth
$2500.
$2800— Lot 42x160: elegant new modern cottage;
7 rooms and bath; up-to-date.
$3000— Lot 42x150; fine NW. corner; 1 rooms
and bath; new and modern.
Lot 100x145: elegant corner lot, with 9 rooms
and bath, stable, fruit trees, etc.
All well located; near school and station;
street work done. Apply at once to
H. P. MORTAL & CO.,
Houses to let. 1432 Park st.. Alameda.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
■ FIRST COME. FIRST SEIWED.
.UST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200. $1700. $1800, $2200, $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools
and stations.
We are going to weed them out. and invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market st.,
San Francisco. Open . Sundays and holiday;.
FOR sal* Immediately, cheap, house and lot
25x115; 6 rooms and bath; all new Improve-
ments; 2 blocks from Grand-st. Station; 1825
Pacific ay«., Alameda. GEO. SCHNEIDER.
.Alamfda.
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED modern house, 7 rooms and re-
ception hall: right party cheap; owner going
East. 1378 Weber ft.. Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GREAT Bargains— s2ooo, 8-room house, lot 60x
137:6, rented for $22; 1 block from station; also
8-room cottage,. $1350. FREESK _ CODING-
. TON. 2119 Stanford place, opp. Berkeley Sta.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE;.
BRING along what you have to exchange for
the following properties; all good and free
from incumbrance; will assume mortgage:
410 acres In Fresno County
100 acres In Kern County ».
120 acres in San Diego County
80 acres in Oregon
• ISO acres in Kansas
40 acres 12 miles from Los Angeles
32 city lots in Olympla City, Or
! Call or address 455 Seventh st, Oakland.
H. Z. JONES, Owner.
A FINE house and lot In Oakland ■ (clear) - for
San Francisco property; will assume mort-
gage. ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st.
HOUSE and lot in- the Mission, with grocery
store, to exchange for some downtown prop-
erty. Box 178. Call. ■ ..
______________
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In 3. F., Oak-
• land or \lameda. at lowest ratss, without
removal; no commissions: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
: HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
i elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market St.; tel. Green 204. j
i ADVANCES on furniture or pianos, without j
removal; money quick; confidential; no com- |
mission; lowest interest. Room 68, 1170 Mar-
ket st. ■ .-
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland: no "re-
moval: low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private part". BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6V6 V - per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 -Montgomery rm. 3.
SECOND mortgages & undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 686 Market st. s
ON pianos, furniture no removal ; lowest rates;
no commission: private. 116 McAllister st.
$'" TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 418 Montgomery St.
PHYSICIANS^
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
I ■ 1206 Market: diseases of women a specialty.
I ; .. . ; , !
MARRIAGE LICENSES. ~
Marriage licenses have been Issued. as follows:
James F. White and Kittle Bud wig 21-18
A. F. Sweeney and Martha J. Wohltmann. 36-20
George B. Ch.aney and Maggie A. Ford 25-21
John B. Monaco and Caterina Battestessa.4l-37
Sol Israel and Elizabeth R. Rohwedder 35-28
Paul D. Leon and Gorgon ia G. B. Bastlda.29-34
Clifton G. Kellmer and Mary A. Sllva 22-K
Lorlnc Men-lam and Lillian N. Stahl 23-21
Nels P. Jacobsen and Lovlse V. Jacobsen.. 32-27
S. L. H. Crowley and Frances M. 80wer5.. 29-22
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— BEATfIS,
■ Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be
handed In at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
GORDON— this city, July 24. 1898, to the
wife of John Gordon, a son.
HORST— In this city, July 25, IS9B, to the wife
of E. Clemens Horst, twin daughters. '
JELSCH— In this city, July 24. 1898, to the wife
. of Antonle Jelsch, a son.
McCAW— In Alameda, Cal., July 23. 1898, to
the wife of W. N. McCaw. a daughter.
WILLIAMS— In Oakland, July 15. 1898, to the
wife of William Williams, a daughter.
YOUNG— JuIy 22, 1898, to the' wife of J. C.
Young, a daughter. ■
. MARRIED.
McDOUGALL— HARE— July 24. 189 S. by the
Rev. • H. IN. Bevler, . George A. McDougall
and Grace E. Hare, both of San Francisco.
PATCH— WENLE— In this city. July 23, 1898,
by the Rev. William H. Tubb, George H.
' Patch ■ and •' Hertha E. ' Wenle, both of • San
Francisco.
LARKIN— this city, July 24, IS9S,
. by G. W. F. Cook, Justice of the Peace,
Charles N. Paul of San Francisco and Liz-
zie Larkln of Oakland, Cal.
DIKD. ~
Brown, Julia A. . Lewis, .Henry
Campbell, Norman . McCarthy, Kate
Crawford, Mrs. Ann McGlynn, Hugh '
Crelghton, Raymond Pitt, Elizabeth H.
Cuneo, . T ennie Reilly. John J.
Davis, Margaret M. Rigaud. Louis
D'Ancona. • Arnold " ' Rode. - Ella D.
Dot I, Mrs. Annie Ryrie. Williamlna .•
• Flanagan, Alice C. ■ Schmidt. Frank
Griffin, Patrick Sieper, Paul
Hansen, . Capt. H. N. .- Sellgman. Moses .
Hay, Mary 1. -. • . Springer, Isaac
Jensen, John E. Tracy. William '.
Kloss, Mary Williams, Bessie'
Kohen, Sol Wltbeck, William C.
Langley,' Annie ' ■ Young, Simon
"■■ Larkln, Thomas O.
BROWN— In this city, July 24, 1898. at her late
residence, Tweiity-fifth and I Bryant / streets.
Julia A., beloved daughter of < Mary and the
late Henry Brown, a native of San Francisco.
IETThe funeral .will take place this day :
, (Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, Twenty-fifth and Bryant streets,
thence to St. Peters Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be " celebrated
■ > for the. repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
•N. D. G. W.— Alta Parlor No. 3, N. li. G. W.:
You are requested to attend the funeral of
our late ' sister, Julia A. Brown, this day
(Tuesday), at 8 o'clock, from her late . resi-
dence, corner of Twenty-fifth and Bryant
streets. MISS AGNES E. McCREERY.
C. L. FAULKNER. Sec. . Pres.
CAMPBELL— Oakland. July 25. 1898, Nor-
man E., beloved husband of Matilda Camp-
■ bell, and father of Minnie, Charlotte, TUlle.
Norman E. and Katie Campbell, a native of \
Glengarry, Canada, aged Cl years 3 months
' and 14 days.
(C~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
: fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence, 732 Linden street. >.■.;..
CRAWFORD— In this city, July 23, IS9S. Mrs.
• Ann Crawford, beloved mother of Mrs. K.
Schetzel and Mrs. J. C. Spencer, a native of
Ireland, aged 65 years.
K~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend- the' funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. K. Schetzel, 227 ("astro
street, thence to Mission Dolores Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ■ s^
CREIGHTON— In Novato, Marln County, Cal.."'
July 23, 1898, Raymond W. beloved son of
Thomas F. and Annie Creighton, a native of
San Francisco, aged 23 years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 825 Capp street, thence to St. Peter's
Church, Twenty-fourth and Alabama streets, •
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, via San Jose electric cars.. Cars
leave San Jose avenue and Thirtieth street,
at 11:30 o'clock.
CUNEO— In this city. July 25, 1898, Jennie, be-
loved daughter of the late Stephen and Mar-
garet Cuneo, and sister of Frank Cuneo and
Mrs. Dollie Cerialle, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 17 years 9 months and 15 days.
C v Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), ' at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 525 Bay street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DAVIS— In this city. July 24. • 1898, Margaret
M., beloved wife of the late Rev. George E.
Davis, and mother of George E.. William R.
and Albert E. Davis, Mrs. Margaret E. Al-
len, Mrs. S. Watts, James W. Davis, Mrs.
Ellen A. Cormack. David. J. Davis and Jessie
E. Malliet, a native of New York City, aged
69 year? 4 months ami ( days.
(C?Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the First Bap-
tist Church, Eddy street, between Jones and
Leavenworth. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme- .
tery.
D' ANCONA— In thin city, July 24, 1898. Arnold,
infant son of Dr. A. A. and Lillian D* An-
cona.
DOTT— In Sausallto, July 24. IS9B, Mrs. Annie
Dott, mother of Mrs. John Livingston and
George, William and Harry Dott, a native of
Scotland.
ETNotice of fur.;ral hereafter.
FLANAGAN— In this city, at the Potrero,
July 24, 1898, Alice C, beloved daughter of
James and Kate Flanagan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 7 months and 5 days.
GRIFFIN— In this city, July 25, 1898, Patrick,
beloved brother of Timothy and the late
Mary Griffin, a native of County Roscom-
mon, Ireland, aged 69 years.
E~The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission
street, thence to St. Bridget's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. :
HANSEN— In this city, July 25, . 1898,. Captain
Henning ft., beloved husband of Anna A.
Hansen, and father of Annie B. Hansen and'
Mrs. Cecelia Heinz, a native of Denmark,
aged 69 years and 25 days.
■ E~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funei^l to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles. J. B. Metzler. 635 Washington
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HAY— In this city, July 24, 1898, Mary I. Hay,
beloved mother of Mrs. Ella Hutchison.
Mrs. Nannie Jones and Mr. A. ■T. Hay. a
native of Pennsylvania, aged 59 years and 1
month. (Los Angeles papers please copy.) •
JENSEN— In this city. July 24. 1898, John Ed-
ward, beloved infant son of Andrew . and
Hannah Jensen, and grandson of Mrs. Jo-
hanna (Madigan) Walsh, a native of' San
Francisco, aged 2 months and 23 days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 1423 Nebraska street, between
Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KLOSS— In this city. July 25. 1898, Mary.'
dearly beloved wife of John Kloss, mother
of Viola and Esther Kloss. and sister of
Anna, Bertha, Martha and Henry Betereit, a
native of Germany, aged 25 years 11 months
and 5 days.
E~Friends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
• Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KOHEN— In this city. July 24, 1898, Sol, dearly
beloved son of Sophie Kohen. and brother of
Emile, Alex and Joseph Kohen. a native of
San Francisco, aged 15 years 4 months and 22
days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day.
' (Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
■ residence, 65* Geary street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery.
LANGLEY— In this city, July 24, 1898, Annie
Langley, a native of Hawaii, aged 20 years..
' LARKIN— In this city, July 24. ISC'', Thomas
Oliver, eldest son of the late Thomas O. Lar-
kin, a native of Monterey, Cal., aged 64
. years 3 months and. ll days. ; "-s.v*--
1 Notice of funeral hereafter.
LEWIS— In Oakland, July 25. 1898, Henry, be-
loved husband of Mrs. M. E. Lewis, a native
' of Tennessee, aged 66 years.
MCCARTHY— In this city. July 25. 1898, Kate,
dearly beloved wife of Thomas McCarthy,
mother of James and Thomas McCarthy, sis-
ter of Garrett Stack, and aunt of Daniel.
Garrett. Lizzie and the late Edward Mo-
Sweeney, Mrs. Thomas Reardon and Mrs.
William Colgan, a native of County Cork,
• Ireland, aged 51 years.
I McGLYNN — Beresford. San Mateo County,
Cal., July 26, 1898, Hugh McGlynn (late of
Rossland, B. C), beloved husband of , Rose
McGlynn, and brother of Cassie McGlynn, a
native of Ireland, aged 31 years. '.;■■
C^Notice of funeral hereafter.
PITT— In this city, July 24, ISSS. Elizabeth H.,
beloved wife of William G. C. Pitt, mother
of William and Georgie Pitt, and daughter
of Mrs. Louisa Puttlck. a native of London.
England, aged 33 years, 9 months and 22 days.
(E^Frlends are invited to attend the funeral
from her late residence, 52", Second street,
this day (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, thence to
the Chapel of the Good Samaritan Mission,
Second and Folsom streets, where services
will be held under the auspices of Loyal Cir-
cle, Ancient Order of Foresters. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via Southern Pacific
. funeral train from Third and Townsend
streets at 11:30 o'clock.
REILLY— In this city, July 23. 1898, John Jo-
seph, dearly beloved son of John J. and Su-
san Rellly, grandson of John and Rose
Reilly, and nephew of James F. Rellly and
James Dowd, a native of San Francisco, aged
2 years 11 months and IS days.
RIGAUD— In this city, July 23, 1898, Louis
Rigaud, a native of France, aged- 45 years
and 10 months.
RODE —In this city. July 25, 1838, Ella
Darling, beloved daughter of C. B. and
Mary Rode, and loving sister of George and
Alice Rode and Mrs. C. C. Montague, a na-
tive of San Franciso.-..
(C^The. funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 547 Fourth street, thence
■to St. Rose's Church, Brannan street, be-
tween Fourth and Fifth, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
RYRIE— In this city, July 24. 1898, Williamlna.
beloved wife of P. K. Ryrie, a native of
Wick. Scotland, aged 48 years.
I_T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late
residence, 300 Eighth avenue, between Point
Lobos avenue and Clement street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery. Please omit flowers. .
SCHMIDT— this city, July 25, 1898. > Frank
Schmidt, brother of Louis and Victor Schmdt
and Julia Regli, a native of Switzerland,
aged 28 years.
SELIGMAN— In this city, July 25, IS9S. Moses.
beloved husband of Barbette Seligman, and
. father of Max and Jessie Seligman, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 55 years and 6 months.
(CTXotlce of funeral hereafter.
SIEPER— In the City and County Hospital,
July .25, I*9B. Paul Sieper, a native of Ger-
many, aged 23 years.
SPRINGER— In this city, July 24. 1898, Isaac,
beloved husband' of Hannah Springer, and
father 'of Henry L.. Abraham, Meyer, Ben-
jamin and Isaac Springer Jr., Mrs, Fannie
Munter and Mrs. Julia Gardner, a native of
Jerkow, -Prussia,- aged 67 years 3 months and
9 days. [Boston (Mass.) and Chicago (111.)
papers please copy.]
1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to. attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday),' at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 13118 Ellis street, thence by train from
Third and Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock.
Interment New Salem Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
j TRACY— In this city, July 24, 1 1898, William,
beloved husband of Ann Tracy, and father of
John W., Edward F. and. James, D. Tracy
and Mrs. George B. McClcllan, a native of
Ireland, aged 6S years.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
• (Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1186 Harrison street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9, o'clock. .Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WILLIAMS— In Oakland, July 20,' ISSS, Bessie,
infant daughter if William M. Williams, a
• native of Oakland, aged : days.
WITBECK— In this city, July 24, 1898. Wil-
liam C., beloved son of Charles W. and Mary
A. Wltbeck, a native of < San Francisco. aged
6 month" and 10 days. .
YOUNG— In this city, July 25, 1898, Simon,
beloved husband of the late Flora Young,
and father of H. L. Young, Mrs. L. Ehrberg,
Mrs. J. Coleman and Mrs. H. Asher/ a ' na-
tive of Poland, Russia, aged 57 years, r.t .
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. fl
FtJNKK-L DtRECTOKS & EiIBALMEB3 1
- ■ -. NT* if TH ST.; Cpp. Liaeali a«a> il fi
""' Telephone, South SO. ■ I :
JAS. ENGLISH.. T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBAI_ER3.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van Ness aye., near Market ex.. tea
Francisco. Telephone So. 158.
1112
NEW GUNS
FURNISHED
POLICEMEN
Wittman Makes a
Fresh Deal.
-OUR HUNDRED COLTS RIFLES
TAXPAYERS WILL HAVE TO PAY
FOB THE LUXURY.
Nearly Four Thousand Dollars and
the Good Winchesters Given
in Exchange for
Them.
The sharpshooters of the police depart
nent will now have a chance to display
heir marksmanship. As they slgnaily
ailed to bring down Havnes the mur
ierer of Lieutenant Burke, after having
tred over 100 shots at him. Chief Lees and
Captain Wittman decided that the Win
hesters which they used were in a meas
ire responsible for the failure of their
nen to riddle the defiant tinker with bul
ets.
After discussing the matter the lncom
>etent Chief and his blundering Captain
leclded to purchase a new lot of rifles,
ust to show the dear public that they
an shoot.
They sent for the local representative of
he Coifs Firearm Company, and entered
nto contract with him to supply the de
partment with 4» of the latest improved
'olt's repeating rifles. Yesterday the lot
.rrtvf-d at police headquarters and were
urned over to Wlttman, he of the cold
eet and clamm;' shake.
Acompanj ir.sr the rifles was a bill for
3612. "Wittman explained that the Colts
,'omnany had "kindly" consented to take
he Winchesters off his hands, allowing
ilm 14 50 for each of the 100 rifles. He be
ame so enthusiastic over the "great bar
rain." as he expressed it, that he affec
ionately poked the old Chief in the ribs,
ausing the latter to scowl and swear.
"We are all right," boastfully declared
he captain of the Central Station to the
landful of policemen, who stood around.
'Isaiah and I know a thing or two when
t comes to buying anything for the de
>artment.
"If we only had had these guns" (polnt
ng to the new rifles) "when Haynes gave
is battle the city would not have been put
o the expense of trying him for the mur
ler of our brave lieutenant."
"Wlttman intends to get a "dummy" re
embling In a way the body of murderer
laynea and have the sharpshooters en
leavor to perforate at a distance of twen
y-flve yards. By these means he hopes
o show the reading public that his men
ire not the poor marksmen that they
lave been represented to be.
SAME SCHOOLBOOKS.
Board of Education Will Continue
the Old Course of Study.
The course of study In the public
ichools will probably remain unchanged. j
Che Board of Education met as a com- I
nlttee of the -whole last night and dis
sussed a new course submitted by School
superintendent R. H. Webster; but fln
illy it was decided that the new course
pi ; ould necessitate the purchase of numer
ous new books, and would cause consider
able confusion in the school department.
Therefore the following resolution, offered
by Superintendent Webster, was agreel
ipon for adoption at the next regular ses
lion of the board:
Resolved, That the course of study for the
rear ISM be contluned and that the Superin
tendent, having consulted with the teachers,
recommend to the proper committee from time
:o time such suggestions as will tend to pro
note and render uniform the standard of effl
rlency of work accomplished In the depart
ment.
There had been much talk of putting
Hitters History In the course, but this
uras knocked out.
All the directors were present and the
neetlng was very quietly conducted.
LIVELIER REGISTRATION.
Registrar Biggy Announces That He
Can Receive All-Comers.
Registrar Biggy reported with some glee
iast night that the total number of reg
etratlons for the day reached 1300. He
innour.eed that in view of the new order
toeplnp the courts open for naturaliza
ion until 10 p. m. his office would be open
br voters to register up to the same hour
>r later if ne<»d be.
The Registrar is much gratified over
the celerity exhibited under his system
»f registration by his force of clerks
md paid they could handle 2600 a day
without difficulty.
A Beating for Breakfast.
Mrs. John Mularkey, Eighth and Na
oma streets, called at the Receiving Hos
»ital vf-sterday morning and had a lacer
ited wound in her scalp and a contused
theek dressed. When asked how she
ame by her injuries she Raid her hu6band
tad administered them for breakfast.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WIFE'S
AWFUL ECZEMA
Torture was so Intense Husband
Thought She Could Not
Live Twelve Hours.
Doctors Within Reach Could Not
Even Relieve. No Sleep
For Seven Days.
Tried CUTICURA REMEDIES.
Asleep after First Application.
Cured Well and Hearty.
I desire to inform you whatConcußA (oint-
ment) and Ccticcba Soap have done for my
wife. She was in the most horrible condition
of any human being, from that most torturing
of skin diseases, Eczema. She could neither
sit down or lie down, her torture was so in-
tense. I tried all the doctors that I could
reach, but she got so that I firmly believe
that she would have died within twelve hours
if I had not been advised of Ccticcra Rem-
edies and got them. A travelling man on
seeing her condition told me what to get,
and you may believe that 1 lost no time in
getting them. Greatly to my surprise, my
wife went to sleep in two hours after the first
application, although she had not slept for
seven days, nor I myself either. I followed up
the treatment, and two boxes of Cuticura
' (ointment) and one cake of Cuticura Soap did
the work completely, she was absolutely cured,
and is well and hearty to-day. If this state-
ment will do you or anybody else any good,
use it. It is straight facts, and I can back up
all I have said by fifty witnesses. I can't thank
ConcuaA Remedies enough, for I thought
' one time that I should have to bury my wife,
and I was never so happy and glad, as when
I saw that deadly, fiery red begin to leave.
Feb. 20, 1898. C. D. BONE, Clarkesville, O.
Ccticc ■ A IU m Bt>i(R appeal to thoie who bare suffered
long and hopelessly from torturing, disfiguring humors,
with loss of hair, and who hare loet faith In doctor),
medicine*, and all thing! human. Every hope, ererr
expectation awakened by them, bai been marc than ful-
filled. Their success has exelted the wonder and approval
of physicians familiar with the marreUous cunt dally
effected by them. "
Sold throughout the world. Pom* Dsco a*d Chih.
Coil-., Sole Props., Boston.
m- "Hay to Cure the Wont Set-ana," allied free.
THE POLITICAL WEDDING, OR THE UNION OF THE POPULIST AND
DEMOCRATIC PARTIES. Alford, the Schoolboy Frorr> Visalia, Is
Giving Away the Bride, Miss Democracy, to Mr. Populist. Hutch
ison of Los Angeles Is Acting as Best Man.
"A GALLANT
SURRENDER"
The New War Drama
at the Columbia.
"TWO ORPHANS," MOROSCO'S
j "EAST LYNNE" WAS NOT TJP TO
EXPECTATIONS.
"The Beggar Student" Cordially Re
ceived by a Good House at the
Tivoli — Orpheum Has a
Big Bill.
"A Gallant Surrender." the new war
drama by Edward Kidder, was given Its
initial production at the Columbia last
night before a large and discriminating
audience. It is quite melodramatic and
was expected to take its place with such j
plays as "Shenandoah," "Held by the j
Enemy" and other patriotic dr.am.is, but
it did not meet expectations. It may be
that the radical change in sentiment af
fecting the North and South, which has
occurred Blnce the beginning of the pres- J
ent war, had much to do with the verdict :
last night, and we think it did, for there j
were lines and climaxes that if given six
months ago would have been greeted with
enthusiasm which were received with in
difference. It is true the production has
some palpable faults, but they can be
modified by experiment and experience,
as, for instance, in the third act. In-
Rtead of a thrilling conclusion there -was
an anti-climax for which there was little
excuse. The audience does not expect to
wait a quarter of an hour for the explo
sion of a torpedo containing "twenty
tons of powder" and not know that the
act has been performed until they learn
by word of mouth. In short, the whole
effect so laboriously striven for is lost in
a situation in which much was antici
pated. In act second the drilling scene
was not only foreign to the situation, but
prolonged to a wearisome degree, spoil
ing what might have otherwise passed for
acceptable comedy. In this connection it
may be said that the part of Mr. Char
ters as the Confederate lieutenant Is not
alone impossible in its lines and action
under such tragic conditions as are sup
posed to exist, but ia disagreeably over
drawn. After the use of a blue pencil the
character could be made quite amusing.
The plot is connected and comprehen-
Bive, but its working out does not bring
about the mental condition of the specta
tor which goes to the making of a great
war drama. Tne climax In the rally
around the flag is the prettiest scene of
I all and most nearly approaches the de
sired standard. "A Gallant ourrender" is
constructed on the regular lines, with
mortal combat, love, somo good comedy
and bright diaio«rue,but the din and shock
of battle, the delicious thrill which the
spectator awaits does not come. How
ever, there Is plenty of pathos and some
really humorous situations which promise ;
well for the play when it shall have been '
properly adjusted. The merit of the pro
duction last evening was largely due to
the efforts of May Buckley, who, in the
character of Jess, again proved her pos
session of a high otvior of creative tal.-nt.
The part is a very emotional one, w<-ll
suited to her, and Is the gem of the play.
She is to be congratulated upon her con
ception of it. Sam Edwards displayed his
versatility In the portrayal of the charac
ter of the loyal and lovable old ex-alave
and made a success of his part.
In the guise of a rebel corporal always
hungry, but possessed of good, bubbling
Irish wit and humor, Thomas Leary was
thoroughly at home. Harry Mainhall
made an admirable Federal officer, and
Theodore Roberts will be quite acceptable
when he learns his lines.
Edward Bell, Alfred Hickman, Theodore
Roberts and Miss Fanchon Campoell
were cast in congenial parts. It Is to be
regretted that the same cannot be said of
Miss Madeline Bouton. Her character of
a young and attractive widow affords op
portunities for effective acting, but she
does not conceive its import and the re~
THE SATs' FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 26, 1898.
suit is superficial work that is anything
but patlsfactory. The production suffered
much from this fact.
There is good material in "A Gallant
Surrender," and with the needed improve
ment in the way of vigorous pn alng and
the infusion of more of the genuine war
time vim, which naturally belongs to it,
it can be modeled into a very pleasing
play. It goes for this week only.
Tivoli
The last week of the comic opera sea-
Bon at. the Tivoli is at hand. Last even
ing the initial production of "The Beg-gar
Student" was heard. The singing was
superb and the piece was well cast
throughout. Roma has proved a great
favorite, and iast evening- scored another
success as Laura, daughter of Countess
Palmatica. The opera opens with a pris
on yard scene, behind whose iron gates
Symon, the beggar student, and his com
panion Jan are confined. The character
of the Beggar Student is well carried out
by Phil Branson and John J. Raffael,
whose ability is well known to theater
goers in this city, assumes the role of his
companion. General Ollendorf, repre
sented in the person of Edwin Stevens,
commander of the fortress at Cracow, has
been offended by Laura, and to avenge
himself he offers the Beggar Student,
Symon, his liberty and wealth If he will
Impersonate a groat lord and in this dis
guise gain Laura's hand. This he suc
ceeds In doing. His companion, who has
also been liberated and acts as his secre
tary, in turn gains the love of Laura's
younger Bister Bronlslava, which char
acter is cleverly played by Elvia Crox.
The wedding bells chimed and all were
happy until suddenly the festivities are
Interrupted by the arrival of the jailer,
Entf-rich, played by William H. Wt>st,
with a band of drunken prisoners. This
; uninvited horde tell the story of the Beg
j gar Student's life, and amid general de
! rision he is driven from the Countess'
house. Hero the strongest features of
the opera develop— Laura's grief, her
magnificent singing, as happiness Is
wrested from her, the anger of Symon,
the surprise and griff of Bronislava,
j whose lover is also branded an Impostor,
: the despair of Jan and the cruel Joy of
I General Oilendorf when he Beea that he
is n-venged. The curtain drops on the
i second act with these conditions existing
and rises in the third with the Beggar
Student delirious with the wrongs he has
had to suffer. Later, however, he and
his companion succeed in wresting the
citadel from the oppressors of Poland;
it is proved that Hymon and Jan are
noblemen of rank, and reconciliation and
joy reign again. Many interesting fea
tures are added to the plot and those who
went to enjoy remained to laugh, so- the
performance was a success.
Grard Opera House.
The revival of "The Two Orphans" at
the Grand Opera House last night was a
pronounced success. Morosco's splendid
stock company was strengthened by the
engagement of a number of specially en
gaged actors and actresses, and In con
sequence the performance .left nothing to
be desired. James M. Brophy in his fa
vorite role of the Chevalier de Vaudrey
was a pronounced success and received a
number of curtain calls. His costumes
were most elaborate and set forth his line
figure to advantace.
Lorena Atwood and Jessie Shirley (spe
cially engaged) as the two orphans were
very gooa, while May Nanny as Marianne,
the outcast, carried off the honors among
the ladies. Ynez Dean (who played the
part of Sister Genevievo) gave a fine ren
dering of the drinking song from "Glrofle-
Girofla," "See how it sparkles, "during the
duel scene in the second act. Graeber's
banjo, mandolin and guitar class of llfty
ladies and gentlemen also played a num
ber of selections most acceptably. In the
fourth act Miss Dean sang Gounod's "A.ye
Maria."
The performance throughout was very
even, the staging was good, and all In all
Morosco's has score- another decided suc
cess with "The Two Orpnans."
The Alcazar.
"East Lynne," a drama bo full of
pathetic lines and touching situations as
to excite the emotions of even the most
hardened, was a disappointment to the
audience at the Alcazar Theater last
evening. Lewis Morrison and the Alcazar
Stock Company undertook to present the
dramatic features of the piece, but so fre
quently did the members of the company
forget their lines and fill the embarrass
ing gaps with home-made Improvisations
foreign to the discourse of the play that
the audience made no attempt to conceal
its disapproval by laughing at parts
where other emotions should have pre
vailed. One not familiar with "East
Lynne" might have supposed that It was
a burlesque instead of a domestic drama
Lewis Morrison as Captain Francis Levi
son seemed to have undertaken a part
not suited for his acknowledged ability.
On a few occasions Florence .Roberts, as
Lady Isabel, the erring wife, portrayed
her part in the spirit Intended by the
author, but even she showed that she
had not her lines well committed to mem
ory. Miss Gertrude Foster gave evidence
of the most study, but one swallow does
not make a summer, nor can one or two,
who do fairly well, carry the whole of
such a piece as "East Lynne."
Orpheum.
The Orpheum has another of Its gTeat
bills on this week. It would seem as if
the list of good thl.igs might be exhaust
ed, but the Walter Orpheum Company
keeps right on finding them and their ef
forts ore rewarded by a liberal patronage.
Four new acts are. on this week and there
is not "a weak sister," to use a theatri
cal term, in the lot. The Angela sisters
are a trio of pretty girls who sing and
whistle solos, duets and as a trio. They
scored a hit. particularly their medley of
national airs. Wilton and Stack, the
horizontal bar artists, demonstrated that
they are artists in every sense of the
word. There is a finish to their work
that gives thorn rank among the great
est in their line. The Orpheum has in
times past brought out the greatest acro
bats in the world, and Wilton and Stack
can, after their work last night, take
among the best of them. An equal
ly great act, though along different lines,
is the net of the three Marto sisters on
the tight wire. They are each very clever
and any one of them would be a drawing
card in her work on the wire alone, but
they all thre.i are on the wire at the
same time. When one stops to consider
that the slightest misstep on the part of
one would throw the others out of bal
ance, the performance by the three is
remarkable. In all their work they are
finished and show the training of a Euro
pean acrobat. The climax of their act is
where two of the girls, suspended heads
downward, take each end of the wire
in their mouths and then the third
mounts the wire, all three playing musi
cal Instruments at the time.
W. H. Windom and his Black
etone quartet scored a hit. Mr.
Windom has a remarkable voice. Joseph
Hart and Carrie de Mar appeared in a
new act, "Dr. Chauncey's Visit." In
many points this art serves to show to
better advantage the talents of this ver
satile couple than their opening act. The
quick change by Miss de Mar from a de
mure maiden to the swellest coon in town
is a very clever piece of character work.
The act is full of funny situations which
arise over a confusion of names. Gilbert
and Goldle are still favorites and Val
more appeared in a few new imitations
and the best of last week's work. Lorenz
and Allen on the bill.
The Chutes.
Tony Ryan, the "mad musician," as he
bills himself, made a wild hit at the
Chutes Theater last evening. He nlays on
a xylophone, tosses it up in the air,
catches It on the rebound and continues
one of Sousa's marches and the Inter
mezzo from "Cavalleria Rusticana" as
though nothing had occurred. The Japan
ese acrobats performed some new and
marvelous feats and demonstrated conclu
sively that they are the best of the little
brown men who have ever visited Amer
ica. Colby and Way, the '"ventriloquist
and the dancing doll, repeated their suc
cess of the last three weeks, and Barney
Reynolds, an Eastern character comedian,
made an immediate hit. Henri Maurice
Cannon, the corpulent Swiss gentleman,
continues to receive visitors every after
noon and evening.
Olympia Music Hall.
The Olympla Music Hall has Charles
Reid, a famous barytone; Gibson and Al
len, comedians; Flossie Nash, a clever
soubrrtte; Maud Rockwell, the Royce sis
ters and others on a. bill that served to
till the house last night. The selections
by Fin&ter's orchestra were well re
ceived.
Rosenberg Has Cold Feet.
William Rosenberg, a peddler, who was
arrested on the complaint of Dr. De La
Matyr, Geary street, for persisting in ring
ing his doorbell although the sign "No
Peddlers" was on the door, pleaded guilty
in Judge Conlan's court yesterday and the
Judge fined him $5. Rosenberg had in
timated his intention of testing the valid
ity of the ordinance and had demanded a
lury trial, but at the last moment changed
his mind.
Cut in tne Arm.
Max Asher. a boy, was attacked by a
gang of hoodlums at Sixth and Natoma
streets and was slightly cut in the left
arm with a pocket knife. ij.e was treated
at the Receiving Hospital.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkin eta. : swimming;. Hussion, hot
and cold tub baths; aalt water direct from
DISAGREED
OVER JONES'
CLERKSHIP
Registrar and Com
missioners Quarrel.
SHARP WORDS AT A MEETING
BIGGY QUESTIONS THE POWEBS
OF ELECTION BOARD.
City and County Attorney Harry
Creswell Takes Issue With
Him and Carries the
Day.
A conflict of authority between W. J.
Blggy, Registrar of Voters, and the mem
bers of the Board of Election Commis
sioners threatened for a time yesterday
to mar the opening proceedings of the
board. The Registrar felt that his rights
were being trespassed upon when the
Commissioners appointed Parker Jones
as their clerk, ignoring the representative
of the Registrar.
The debate for some moments between
Attorney Creswell and the Registrar was
a heated one. Mr. Biggy volunteered the
remark that he thought he was ex
offlcio a member of the board. To this
the reply was vouchsafed that the meet
ing was not a regular session of the
board.
"I refuse to recognize Jones as an at
tache of my office," said Mr. Biggy.
"Under what construction of the law do
you appoint him?"
"He is acting for us and we are re- [
sponslhle for him," said Mr. Creswell.
"You have nothing to do with him. We
are empowered to employ him, and we
pay hie salary."
The Registrar came back with the as- '
sertlon: "I have plenty of clerks and can '
supply a man to do the work. I will not
consent to your employing another man."
"We are not asking your consent," was
the sharp rejoinder of the City Attorney.
"We have the man we want and now de-
Blre you to go on with our work. Here- >
tofore the Registrar has taken cogni
sance of the man whom we select. \Ve
can employ all the men we want."
"I do not want any friction between the '
board and my office," said Mr. Blggy.
"We have produced no friction, but are '■
moving along quietly," was the compla- j
cent reply to this, from Mr. Creswell.
The members of the board were becom- !
ing mixed in the controversy when Mayor
Phelan called a halt. It was then learned
that the board works independently in
the selection of the election officials. It
has no relations with the Registrar until
it is ready to report back to him the re
sult of its work.
When it was all over it was found that
Mr. Klgery was defending his rights in
the matter as he understood them. The
utmost cordiality existed thereafter be- !
twten hin, and the board.
A second controversy developed when
the question was raised as to whether
the names of the election officers must
be on the assessment roll. City and •
County Attorney Harry Creswell took |
the position that it was not an indispen
sable qualification that a person be a '
property-owner. He quoted the section ■
in the California constitution referring
to the matter: "No property qualification
shall ever be required for any person to i
vote or hold office."
The aggressive City Attorney was j
ready with his authorities and followed
up the matter by presenting a motion to i
the effect: "That it is the opinion of this
committee that it is not necessary that |
an election officer be on the assessment i
roll." The. matter did not come to a vote. '
The members of the board agreed to i
proceed with their selections without re- i
gard to the presence of a man's name on ;
the roll of property-owners.
The members of the board with the ex- !
ception of City Surveyor Charles S. Til- I
ton were present when the meeting was |
called to order. The remaining members
of the board are: Mayor Phelan, City and
County Attorney Creswell. Auditor Brod
erick and Tax Collector Block. Upon or
ganizing they elected Parker Jones clerk
and immediately adjourned, going Into
executive session.
A crowd of ward politicians and place
seekers thronged the office when the
meeting was held. It was thought best,
in view of a possible clash between the
Harney and Sullivan factions, that the
work of the commissioners be done in
a less exposed place. They accordingly
retired to the private office of Mr. Biggy.
where they commenced their allotted
task.
This consisted of the selection of 60C
Democrats, who will serve first as pre
cinct registration officials and again as
officers of the election. Registration at
the City Hall will close on August 9. The
precinct registration will then continue
for five days. Three men are being se
lected for this work— two Democrats and
one Republican. This proportion is due
to the complexion of the board, the Dem
ocrats bring in the majority.
Lists of suitable men were presented by
the representative organization of the
Democratic party. In some cases the
same name was on all the lists. Where
there was a conflict among the lists the
commissioners selected men who have
served before or men of known probity
of character.
The Republican names were not pre
sented yesterday. In this case the party
presents a. united front and but one list
of names will be presented. This will be
compiled by the Republican County Com
mittee and will be accepted in its en
tirety by the Election Commissioners.
Registrar Biggy presented the annual
report of his office for the year ending
June 30 to the Supervisors yesterday. It
told of the expenses of running the office
and of the preparations now under way
for the forthcoming election. The total
expense was $42,494 37.
DEATH OF THOMAS LARKIN.
Said to Have Been the First Ameri
can Born in California.
The death Is recorded of Thomas O.
Larkin, after whom Larkin street of this
city was named. He died on Sunday even
ing at hla residence on the corner of
Stockton and Pacific streets, from pneu
monia. He was 63 at the time of his
death.
The deceased was the Bon of Thomas
Oliver and Rachel Larkln, to whom he
was born In Monterey. His father was
then American Consul and the boy was
said to be the first white child of Ameri
can parents born in California. The fam
ily afterward removed to this city, where
Thomas O. Larkin Sr. erected the first
brick building still standing at 1116 Stock
ton street. The deceased took a promi
nent part in laying out the streets of San
Francisco.
Mr. Larkin leaves one son now at school
in "Washington, and a brother, Alfred, to
mourn his loss. On the return of the lat
ter, now in the East, final arrangements
for the disposal of the remains, which are
to be embalmed, will be made.
. ♦ .
WILL SEE THE IRISH FAIR.
Excursions Will Be Given From Sac
ramento at Reduced Rates.
Through the efforts of a delegation of
members of the Robert Emmet Club of
Sacramento special rates have been ob
tained from the Southern Pacific Com
pany for excursions from the Capital
City during the Irish Fair in this city.
Definite Information concerning the spe
cial days that will be set aside by the
management has been obtained and the
excursions will be so arranged as to allow
the people from Sacramento to see the
most entertaining features of the fair.
Costumes to be worn by the ladles and
gentlemen who will assist in the Lakes of
Killarney booth have been decided upon.
That of the ladies will consist of a white
yachting suit with white caps and green
ADVERTISEMENTS. ___
+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+
PRICES
CUT
IN TWO
O7V. - .
STYLISH
DRESS GOODS
AND . . .
SILKS.
This week we inaugurate A GREAT MONEY-RAISING
SALE of Silks and Dress Goods, as WE ARE COM-
PELLED TO PAYOFF THE ENTIRE BALANCE OF
OUR INDEBTEDNESS BY AUGUST 16th, and to
insure the success of this sale we have thoroughly over-
hauled our entire magnificent stock of NEW AND
FASHIONABLE DRESS MATERIALS AND MARKED
DOWN EVERYTHING TO
HALF PRICE.
Colored Dress Goods Bargains!
ifZ r 2000 yards DOUBLE FOLD TARLATAN PLAIDS, worth 25c;
I3C -will 5Q5 Q gold at 100 per yard.
3C r , 2000 yards MIXED COVERT CLOTH, 38 Inches wide, splendid
«J JC value for 60c; will be offered at 35c per yard.
-)C C . 1800 yards BROCADED MOHAIR SUITINGS. 39 inches wide,
*Jv regularly sold for 60c; placed on special sale 'at 25c per yard.
Kf\ r 1500 yards FANCY SILK AND WOOL SUITINGS, 38 Inches
JUC wide, splendid value for $1 per yard; will be closed out at 50c
per yard.
/ >K r 1500 yards FANCY MIXED SUITINGS, 89 inches wide, extra
Xv_Jt_» value for 50c; will be sold at 25c per yard.
Ef| r 1500 yards COVERT CLOTH, 42 inches wide, extra valu« for
JVC 75 c; -will be offered at 50c per yard.
OK- 1400 yards FRENCH SERGE, 38 inches wide, all pure wool, ex-
JJC ceptional value for 50c and 60c; to close out at 35c per yard.
OK r 800 yards ALL-WOOL FRENCH HENRIETTAS will be offered
sjyJK* f or 35 C p er yard.
cn r 100 yards TAN POPLIN, worth 75c; to b» offered for EOc per
JVC yard.
EA f 3000 yards EXTRA FINE ALL-WOOL HENRIETTA CLOTH,
JVC 44 inches wide, regular value |1; offered for 50c per yard.
7C r 4000 yards 46-inch EXTRA FINE ALL-WOOL HENRIETTAS,
■ *-'*■' odd shades, regular value for $1 50; .to be offered for 75c per
yard.
¥& See To-Day's "Examiner" for Bargains in Cloaks
[Flf Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., /
\r \& 6an Francisco. /
ribbons with fishing baskets suspended
from the sides and the word "Killarney"
printed on the sashes that will be worn
around the waist as a support for the
baskets. The costume of tlw» gentlemen
will consist of white duck trousers and
white double-breasted Jackets with fancy
flannel shirts and white yachting caps.
The following members of the booth
have resolved themselves into an organ
ization to control and manage the Kil
larney booth during the entire fair: Mrs.
McCarthy, chairman; Miss Ruth McCar
thy, secretary; Miss Lucy Croll, Miss
May Walsh, Miss Mary Burns, Miss No
nie Murphy, Miss F. Edith Whitefleld,
Miss Regis McCarthy, Miss Flossie Whip
pie, Miss Eva Murphy, Miss Marie Ber
nard Miss Josephine McCarthy, Miss Ce
cilia Walsh, Miss Mattie Meyers, Miss M.
Walsh, Miss Ruth McCarthy, Messrs. Jas.
Hart Hooker, treasurer, and Benjamin L.
McKinley, Charles L. Beardsley. Robert
D Duke, John Jardine. Milton Bernard,
Harry J. Grady, Stewart Murdoch. Louis
Meyers, Daniel McCarthy. Charlie Mc-
Carthy. They will have one of the most
unique flshinjr ponds that can be con
structed. It will contain a fine scene ap
propriate for the booth In Oil colors of the
Lakes of Killarney, painted by the well
known artist. Mr. Robinson, and it will
be sold at the close of the fair.
A HOME FOB BOYS.
New Blood Infused Into an. Old
Charitable Organization.
Several years ago D. M. Carman and
other charitably disposed people created
an Institution, called the Boys' Training
Home, which had for its object the care
and support of homeless, worthy boys.
Schools and reading rooms were provided
and work shops established where young
lads could secure knowledge and learn
some of the useful trades. The venture
was very gratifying and many boys were
benefited, besides having a place which
they could call their home. The promot
ers being called Into other fields, the es
tablishment was allowed to run down.
Last April Mr. Carman resigned, and on
May 1 remaining directors met and vot
ed "the institution out of existence, and
the home at 26 Laurel place was practi
cally closed.
The good work has not been allowed to
die. for yesterday many of tne members
of the Eureka Society for me Protection
of Children decided to revive the institu
tion, and they organized what will be j
known as the Boys' Home. The alms and j
objects of the new body will be the same
as those of the old. At yesterday's meet-
Ing the following officers and directors
were elected:
Mrs. John Pettefl, president; L. R. Goldberg, |
vice-president; Mrs. L. Marsh, secretary; Mr? i
E L. Wadham, treasurer; A. H. Hutchlnson,
resident manager. The board of directors will
consist of the officers and the following mem
bers- Isaac Upham, E. L. Wndham, D. S.
O'Brien Mr 3. R. Clayton Brown, Mrs. A.
Ahem and Miss Manley.
Held for Murder.
The preliminary examination of Gee Tal,
charged with the murder of Chung Ying,
nephew of the famous "Little Pete," on
June 22. was concluded before Judge Low
yesterday afternoon. He was held to an
swer before the Superior Court without
bail.
Strike in a Cannery.
Ten boys employed In the Union Can
nery, at 807 Sanßome street, went out on
a strike at 1 o'clock yesterday afternoon
for $1 25 a day Instead of $1 a day, the
wages which they were receiving. The
management expect to nil their places
this morning.
ELECTRIC BELTS
Are good things <**Z*cJP rr ~ x ' " properly
made, but some [. /K\^ of the things ,
which are sold * . jL* ** "electric
belts" at high ' prices by un-
principled quacks are worthless. If you want
a good belt, one to last a reasonable length of.
time, and fill you with Electricity from the
soles of your feet to the top of your head, you
MUST have "Dr. Pierces." for it is the BEST
and is warranted to be exactly as represented.
TESTIMONIALS we have enough of to fill
this entire newspaper. Send 2c In stamps for
our Free Book No. 2. It gives price list and
tells all about It. Be sure you BUY NO BELT
TILL YOU SEE DR. PIERCES . Address or
PIERCE "ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.
Opp. Palace Hotol, San Francisco. :>':::
«\ FINE TAILORING
fijk PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
|§L WORKMANSHIP, at
>W 25 per cent Less than Other
W Tailors Charge, Go to -
f JOE POHEIM
ji All Wool Suits to &i*l to &Or
p Order from «J> \L 4>oo
I Pants from ...$4 to $|0
5^ 201 and 203 Montgomery St.,
844 and 846 Market St.,
1110 and 1112 Market St. San Francisco.
i?giipß. BALL'S REINVIGORATOR
Ml>sraissl Five hundred reward for any cat*
jffßß tSm we cannot cure. This secret remedy
I JB stops all losses In 24 hours, cures
; njM Hdi Emissions, Impotency. Varlcocela,
iTffl !Wf Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Fits, Strictures.
jULtuJ ix Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
*:'^li B fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
BIWW 111 1 lyf^ sealed, U bottle; 3 bottles. $6; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Alao
for sale at 1073% Market St., 3. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Bend tor fre« book.
SLEDS, BOATS, ETC.
1 75-horse power Roberts boiler, 1 S5-hors»
power Scotch marine boiler, metallic lifeboats,
60 wooden boats of all descriptions can b» >eea
at 718 Third street. GEO. W. KNEASSL
Writ's Mian Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persona who
have used them for over forty years to cura
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimple«
and purify the blood.
Grossman's Susie Mixture
With this remedy persons can cure them-
selves without the least exposure, change of
diet or change in application to business. The
medicine contains nothing of the least , Injury
to the constitution. • Ask your druggist for it.
Price. $1 a bottle.